award received	Jean Lannes, 1st Duc de Montebello,1st Prince de Siewierz (10 April 1769 -- 31 May 1809), was a Marshal of the Empire.	Jean Lannes	Marshal of the Empire
award received	Burkhard Malich (born 29 November 1936 in Schweidnitz, Silesia (now Świdnica, Poland)) is a German chess Grandmaster.	Burkhard Malich	Grandmaster
award received	Karamjeet Singh Judge VC was an Indian recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Karamjeet Singh Judge	Victoria Cross
award received	On the 25th of November 2010 it was announced that Duško Kostić will receive the Student Peace Prize for 2011, for his work concerning the Roma people's rights.	Duško Kostić	Student Peace Prize
award received	Amanda Levete (born 17 November 1955) is a Stirling Prize-winning British architect, and principal of AL_A.	Amanda Levete	Stirling Prize
award received	Boris Kreiman (born June 7, 1976) is an American Grandmaster of chess.	Boris Kreiman	Grandmaster
award received	For his resilience and passion in the question of Roma rights, Thomas Hammarberg has been honoured by the Documentation and Cultural Centre and the Central Council of German Sinti and Roma and the Manfred Lautenschlaeger Foundation with the European Civil Rights Prize of the Sinti and Roma in Berlin on 3 April 2012.	Thomas Hammarberg	European Civil Rights Prize of the Sinti and Roma
award received	Geir Skeie (born July 2, 1980, Fitjar) is a Norwegian chef and restaurateur, winner of the 2008 Bocuse d'Or Europe, and the 2009 Bocuse d'Or world final.	Geir Skeie	Bocuse d'Or
award received	Dalel Singh Ror is an Indian volleyball player who was awarded the country's highest sporting honor, the Arjuna Award, in 1990.	Dalel Singh Ror	Arjuna Award
award received	Konstantin Raikin has been honoured with the titles Meritorious Artist of Russia (1985) and the People's Artist of Russia (1993).	Konstantin Raikin	People's Artist of Russia
award received	Seksan Prasertkul (Thai: เสกสรรค์ ประเสริฐกุล, born 1949) is a Thai author who was awarded the title National Artist of Thailand in 2009.	Seksan Prasertkul	National Artist of Thailand
award received	Shadi Paridar (Persian: شادی پریدر ‎, born 1986) is an Iranian chess Woman Grandmaster.	Shadi Paridar	Woman Grandmaster
award received	On 24 October 2000, Steve Mortimer was recipient of the Australian Sports Medal.	Steve Mortimer	Australian Sports Medal
award received	Igor Bjelobrk (born 11 January 1982 in Split, Croatia) is an Australian chess International Master (IM).	Igor Bjelobrk	International Master
award received	Konrad Bauer (9 February 1919 -- 17 June 1990) was a Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. Bauer claimed 57 aerial victories, 39 over the Western Front and 18 over the Eastern Front.	Konrad Bauer	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	In 2013, Judgment at Nuremberg was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.	Judgment at Nuremberg	National Film Registry
award received	Harald Riipalu (born as Harald Reibach) (13 February 1912 in St. Petersburg, Russia -- 4 April 1961 in Heckmondwike, United Kingdom) was an Estonian military commander and one of four such commanders who earned the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross while serving with the German army during World War II.	Harald Riipalu	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Doctor Professor Aram Barlezizyan also received the Ordre des Palmes Académiques (Order of Academic Palms) in 2006.	Aram Barlezizyan	Order of Academic Palms
award received	Robert H. Von Schlick (January 2, 1875 -- July 1, 1941) was a German-born United States Army private received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Boxer Rebellion.	Robert H. Von Schlick	Medal of Honor
award received	Howard Major Buckley (January 23, 1863--July 2, 1941), was a United States Marine private received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Philippine--	Howard Major Buckley	Medal of Honor
award received	Hans-Joachim Hunger (born 8 March 1921) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Hans-Joachim Hunger	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Major-General Frank Crowther Roberts VC DSO OBE MC (2 June 1891 -- 12 January 1982) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Frank Crowther Roberts	Victoria Cross
award received	In the New Year Honours of 1994, Alastair Balls was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) for ``services to regeneration in the north east of England.''	Alastair Balls	Companion of the Order of the Bath
award received	Tuenjai Deetes (Thailand) received the Global 500 Roll of Honour in 1992, and was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 1994.	Tuenjai Deetes	Goldman Environmental Prize
award received	Shayade Hug was crowned Miss Earth Switzerland 2014 and will compete at the Miss Earth 2014.	Shayade Hug	Miss Earth Switzerland
award received	Asha Agarwal is a former Indian women marathon champion and a recipient of Arjuna Award.	Asha Agarwal	Arjuna Award
award received	John Dunlay VC (1831 -- 17 October 1890), also known as John Dunley or John Dunlea was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	John Dunlay	Victoria Cross
award received	David John Scannell (March 30, 1875 -- May 7, 1923) was a United States Marine and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during the Boxer Rebellion.	David John Scannell	Medal of Honor
award received	Admiral Louis de Culant (or Culan) (1360--1444) was a French nobleman and Admiral of France.	Louis de Culant	Admiral of France
award received	Karanbahadur Rana VC (21 December 1898 -- 25 July 1973) was a Nepalese Gurkha recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Karanbahadur Rana	Victoria Cross
award received	Commander Ryland Dillard Tisdale (November 15, 1894 -- May 23, 1942) was an American naval officer who served during both World Wars I and II. He was awarded the Navy Cross and posthumously the Silver Star.	Ryland Dillard Tisdale	Silver Star
award received	Marine Lorphelin (born 16 March 1993) is a French model and beauty queen who was crowned Miss France 2013 on 8 December 2012, representing the region of Burgundy and then represented France at Miss World 2013 and placed 1st runner up.	Marine Lorphelin	Miss France 2013
award received	Sam Fullbrook (1922--2004) was an Australian artist who was a winner of the Archibald Prize for portraiture and the Wynne Prize for landscape.	Sam Fullbrook	Archibald Prize
award received	2 June 1973 Group Captain Michael Horace Miller AFC was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE).	Michael Horace Miller	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Arjuna Award (2004) WTA New Comer of the Year (2005) Padma Shri (2006) Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna (2015) Padma Bhushan (2016) In the year 2014, the government of Telangana appointed Sania Mirza as the brand ambassador of the state.	Sania Mirza	Arjuna Award
award received	Efstratios Grivas (born March 30, 1966) is a Greek chess Grandmaster.	Efstratios Grivas	Grandmaster
award received	In 2008, The Asphalt Jungle was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.	The Asphalt Jungle	National Film Registry
award received	Co-Rux-Te-Chod-Ish was a Pawnee Scout and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in the Indian Wars of the western United States.	Co-Rux-Te-Chod-Ish	Medal of Honor
award received	Franz Mattenklott (19 November 1884 -- 28 June 1954) was a German General der Infanterie during World War II and recipient of the renowned Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Franz Mattenklott	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Erich Straube (11 December 1887 -- 31 March 1971) was a German general who held several corps level commands during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Erich Straube	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	John Prettyjohns VC (sometimes misspelled Prettyjohn) (11 June 1823 -- 20 January 1887) was the first Royal Marine to win the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	John Prettyjohns	Victoria Cross
award received	Zurab Azmaiparashvili (Georgian: ზურაბ აზმაიფარაშვილი; born 16 March 1960) is a chess Grandmaster from Georgia.	Zurab Azmaiparashvili	Grandmaster
award received	Irina Krush (Ukrainian: Ірина Круш, Russian: Ири́на Круш; born December 24, 1983) is an American chess International Grandmaster (GM) who has won the U.S. Women's Chess Championship in 1998, 2007, 2010, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015.	Irina Krush	Grandmaster
cast member	Left Right and Centre is a 1959 British satirical comedy film directed by Sidney Gilliat and starring Ian Carmichael, Patricia Bredin, Richard Wattis, Eric Barker and Alastair Sim.	Left Right and Centre	Ian Carmichael	Patricia Bredin	Richard Wattis	Eric Barker
cast member	The Glass Web is a 1953 3-D film noir directed by Jack Arnold and starring Edward G. Robinson, John Forsythe, Kathleen Hughes, and Eve McVeagh.	The Glass Web	Edward G. Robinson	John Forsythe	Kathleen Hughes	Eve McVeagh
cast member	Desert Saints is a 2002 crime thriller film starring Kiefer Sutherland as a hitman named Arthur Banks, alongside Melora Walters as Agent Bennie Harper.	Desert Saints	Kiefer Sutherland	Melora Walters
cast member	Emanuelle Around the World (Emanuelle -- Perché violenza alle donne?), also known as The Degradation of Emanuelle and Confessions of Emanuelle, is a 1977 sexploitation film by Italian director Joe D'Amato, starring Laura Gemser and George Eastman.	Emanuelle Around the World	Joe D'Amato	Laura Gemser	George Eastman
cast member	Golden Needles (also released under the title The Chase for the Golden Needles) is a 1974 American action/adventure film starring Joe Don Baker, Elizabeth Ashley, Ann Sothern, Jim Kelly, Burgess Meredith, and Roy Chiao.	Golden Needles	Joe Don Baker	Elizabeth Ashley	Ann Sothern	Jim Kelly	Burgess Meredith	Roy Chiao
cast member	My Old Classmate (Chinese: 同桌的妳) is a 2014 Chinese drama-romance film directed by Frant Gwo and starring Zhou Dongyu and Lin Gengxin.	My Old Classmate	Zhou Dongyu
cast member	Video Rewind by The Rolling Stones is a compilation of video clips recorded between 1972--1984.	Video Rewind	The Rolling Stones
cast member	When Women Keep Silent (German:Wenn Frauen schweigen) is a 1937 German comedy film directed by Fritz Kirchhoff and starring Johannes Heesters, Hansi Knoteck and Friedrich Kramer.	When Women Keep Silent	Johannes Heesters
cast member	Bare Knuckles is a 1977 blaxploitation film, starring Robert Viharo, Sherry Jackson and Gloria Hendry.	Bare Knuckles	Robert Viharo
cast member	The Invisible Boy (aka S.O.S Spaceship) is a 1957 American science fiction film from Metro-Goldwyn Mayer, produced by Nicholas Nayfack, directed by Herman Hoffman, and starring Richard Eyer and Philip Abbott.	The Invisible Boy	Richard Eyer	Philip Abbott
cast member	Beware of Pickpockets is a 1981 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wu Ma and starring Dean Shek, Karl Maka and Wu.	Beware of Pickpockets	Wu Ma	Dean Shek	Karl Maka
cast member	Dookudu (English: Aggression) is a 2011 Indian Telugu action comedy film directed by Srinu Vaitla, featuring Mahesh Babu and Samantha Ruth Prabhu in the lead roles.	Dookudu	Mahesh Babu	Samantha Ruth Prabhu
cast member	The films featured actors and entertainers such as James Ellison, Ellen Drew, Jerry Colonna and Phil Silvers, as well as the Ice Capades skaters.	Ice Capades	Phil Silvers
cast member	The Spark Divine is a 1919 American silent drama film, starring Alice Joyce, that was directed by Tom Terriss and produced and distributed by Vitagraph Company of America.	The Spark Divine	Alice Joyce
cast member	The Werewolf of Washington is a 1973 horror comedy film written and directed by Milton Moses Ginsberg, produced by Nina Schulman and starring Dean Stockwell.	The Werewolf of Washington	Dean Stockwell
cast member	The Baby on the Barge is a 1915 British silent film drama directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor and Stewart Rome.	The Baby on the Barge	Alma Taylor	Stewart Rome
cast member	The Dirty Game (German: Spione unter sich, French: Guerre secrète, Italian: La guerra segreta) is a 1965 anthology spy film starring Henry Fonda and Robert Ryan.	The Dirty Game	Henry Fonda	Robert Ryan
cast member	Daredevils of the Red Circle (1939) is a 12-Chapter Republic Movie Serial starring Charles Quigley, David Sharpe, Herman Brix (better known under his subsequent stage name, Bruce Bennett) and Charles Middleton.	Daredevils of the Red Circle	David Sharpe	Bruce Bennett	Charles Middleton
cast member	Ten for Grandpa is a 2009 film by writer/director Doug Karr starring David Huband, Catherine Black, and narrated by David Alpay.	Ten for Grandpa	David Huband	Catherine Black
cast member	The Great Buck Howard is a 2008 American comedy-drama film directed by Sean McGinly that stars Colin Hanks and John Malkovich.	The Great Buck Howard	Colin Hanks	John Malkovich
cast member	Kandupidi Kandupidi is an upcoming Tamil debut movie directed by Rama Subburayan starring Director Seeman, TV actor Murali.	Kandupidi Kandupidi	Seeman
cast member	Wings Up is a short propaganda film produced by the US Air Force during World War II. Narrated by Clark Gable the short informed the youth of America about the Officers Candidate School of the Army Air Forces.	Wings Up	Clark Gable
cast member	Ulzhan is a 2007 international co-production directed by Volker Schlöndorff, starring Philippe Torreton, Ayanat Ksenbai (formerly credited as Ayana Yesmagambetova) and David Bennent.	Ulzhan	Philippe Torreton	Ayanat Ksenbai	David Bennent
cast member	Capcana mercenarilor (Romanian: Capcana mercenarilor) is a 1981 Romanian adventure drama war film, directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu.	Capcana mercenarilor	Sergiu Nicolaescu
cast member	Father and the Boys is a 1915 American silent comedy film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney.	Father and the Boys	Lon Chaney
cast member	Remember Last Night? features an ensemble cast headed by Edward Arnold, Constance Cummings, and Robert Young.	Remember Last Night?	Edward Arnold	Constance Cummings	Robert Young
cast member	Maschio latino cercasi (also known as L'affare si ingrossa) is a 1977 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Giovanni Narzisi and starring Dayle Haddon, Gloria Guida, and Stefania Casini.	Maschio latino cercasi	Dayle Haddon	Gloria Guida	Stefania Casini
cast member	Yolanda and the Thief (Technicolor) is a 1945 MGM musical-comedy film set in a fictional Latin American country, and stars Fred Astaire, Lucille Bremer, Frank Morgan, and Mildred Natwick, with music by Harry Warren and lyrics by Arthur Freed.	Yolanda and the Thief	Fred Astaire	Lucille Bremer	Frank Morgan	Mildred Natwick
cast member	Diep is a 2005 Dutch drama film about the 14-year-old girl Heleen (played by 15-year-old Melody Klaver).	Diep	Melody Klaver
cast member	Fighting Blood is a 1911 American short silent Western film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring George Nichols and featuring Lionel Barrymore and Blanche Sweet.	Fighting Blood	George Nichols	Lionel Barrymore	Blanche Sweet
cast member	Dharam Karam is a 1975 Hindi film produced by Raj Kapoor and directed by Randhir Kapoor, who also star as father and son in the film, respectively.	Dharam Karam	Raj Kapoor	Randhir Kapoor
cast member	Nishpap Munna (English: Innocent Munna) is a 2013 Bengali action film directed by Bodiul Alam Khukon, starred Shakib Khan, Shahara, Misha Shadogor, Asif Ikbal and Ali Raj in supporting roles.	Nishpap Munna	Shakib Khan
cast member	Topiwala is a 2013 Kannada political satire film starring Upendra and Bhavana in the lead roles.	Topiwala	Upendra	Bhavana
cast member	Homecoming to Happiness (German:Heimkehr ins Glück) is a 1933 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Luise Ullrich, Paul Hörbiger and Heinz Rühmann.	Homecoming to Happiness	Luise Ullrich
cast member	Everybody's Business is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by Ralph Dewsbury and starring Norman McKinnel, Gerald du Maurier and Matheson Lang.	Everybody's Business	Norman McKinnel
cast member	Anastasia, the False Czar's Daughter (German:Anastasia, die falsche Zarentochter) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Arthur Bergen and starring Lee Parry, Hans Stüwe and Elizza La Porta.	Anastasia, the False Czar's Daughter	Lee Parry
cast member	Yuddha Kaanda (Kannada: ಯುದ್ಧ ಕಾಂಡ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada movie directed by K. V. Raju and starring Ravichandran, Poonam Dhillon.	Yuddha Kaanda	Poonam Dhillon
cast member	Flying Boys is a 2004 South Korean film, written and directed by Byun Young-joo, and starring Yoon Kye-sang and Kim Min-jung.	Flying Boys	Yoon Kye-sang
cast member	The Big Store co-starred long-time Marx Brothers foil Margaret Dumont as well as the love interests Tony Martin and Virginia Grey.	The Big Store	Margaret Dumont	Tony Martin	Virginia Grey
cast member	The Two Gladiators (Italian: I due gladiatori, also known as Fight or Die) is a 1964 Italian peplum film directed by Mario Caiano and starring Richard Harrison.	The Two Gladiators	Richard Harrison
cast member	Rancho Notorious is a 1952 Western film shot in Technicolor, directed by Fritz Lang and starring Marlene Dietrich as the matron of a criminal hideout called Chuck-a-Luck.	Rancho Notorious	Marlene Dietrich
cast member	Have Sword, Will Travel is a 1969 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and starring Ti Lung, David Chiang and Lee Ching.	Have Sword, Will Travel	Ti Lung
cast member	Meyer from Berlin (German: Meyer aus Berlin) is a 1919 German silent comedy film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Lubitsch, Ossi Oswalda and Ethel Orff.	Meyer from Berlin	Ernst Lubitsch	Ossi Oswalda
cast member	Leslie Caron and Mel Ferrer's rendition of ``Hi-Lili, Hi-Lo'' was released as a single and became a minor hit, reaching number 30 on the pop music charts.	Lili	Mel Ferrer
cast member	The Day After Trinity (a.k.a. The Day After Trinity: J. Robert Oppenheimer and the Atomic Bomb) is a 1980 documentary film directed and produced by Jon H. Else in association with KTEH public television in San Jose, California.	The Day After Trinity	J. Robert Oppenheimer
cast member	Light and the Sufferer is a 2007 American science fiction film starring Paul Dano, Paz de la Huerta, Michael Esper, and Paul D'Amato and directed by Christopher Peditto.	Light and the Sufferer	Paul Dano	Paz de la Huerta
cast member	Kiladi Jodi (Kannada: ಕಿಲಾಡಿ ಜೋಡಿ) is 1978 Indian Kannada language film directed by S. V. Rajendra Singh Babu that stars Vishnuvardhan, Srinath and Lakshmi in lead roles.	Kiladi Jodi	Vishnuvardhan	Srinath
cast member	The Frozen Ghost (1945) is a mystery film starring Lon Chaney, Jr. and Evelyn Ankers, and directed by Harold Young.	The Frozen Ghost	Lon Chaney, Jr.	Evelyn Ankers
cast member	The Phantom Light is a 1935 British thriller film, a low-budget ``quota quickie'', directed by Michael Powell and starring Binnie Hale, Gordon Harker, Milton Rosmer and Herbert Lomas.	The Phantom Light	Milton Rosmer
cast member	Lili Bech - Therèse Josua Bengtsson - Detective Lars Hanson - Gerhard Albin Lavén - Rell Albert Ståhl - Donne Robert Sterling - Ramb Mathias Taube - Kembell Jenny Tschernichin-Larsson - Therese's Mother	Therèse	Lili Bech	Lars Hanson	Jenny Tschernichin-Larsson
cast member	Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew, later called simply Rehab with Dr. Drew, is a reality television show that aired on the cable network VH1 which chronicles a group of people as they are treated for alcohol and drug addiction by Dr. Drew Pinsky and his staff at the Pasadena Recovery Center in Pasadena, California.	Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew	Drew Pinsky
cast member	Lockup Death (Kannada: ಲಾಕಪ್ ಡೆತ್) is a 1994 Indian Kannada action film directed and written by Om Prakash Rao starring Devaraj, Nirosha and Saikumar in the lead roles.	Lockup Death	Devaraj
cast member	One Night Husband was also the film debut of Thai-Canadian pop singer Nicole Theriault.	One Night Husband	Nicole Theriault
cast member	In Fit Lover, the protagonist, played by Karena Lam, must choose between several leading men.	Fit Lover	Karena Lam
cast member	The Wisdom of Crocodiles (also released as Immortality) is a 1998 romantic thriller by Po-Chih Leong starring Jude Law.	The Wisdom of Crocodiles	Jude Law
cast member	A Feather in Her Hat is a 1935 melodrama film starring Pauline Lord as a working-class woman with ambitions for her son.	A Feather in Her Hat	Pauline Lord
cast member	The All Together is a 2007 comedy feature film starring Martin Freeman, Corey Johnson, Velibor Topic and Danny Dyer.	The All Together	Martin Freeman	Corey Johnson	Danny Dyer
cast member	Daasi (English: The Courtesan) is a Telugu drama film written and directed by B. Narsing Rao starring Archana as Daasi Kamalakshi.	Daasi	Archana
cast member	Extranghero is a comedy superhero film released on December 12, 1997 under VIVA Films, starring Andrew E., Michelle Aldana, and Jorge Estregan Jr.	Extranghero	Andrew E.
cast member	The Satisfiers of Alpha Blue is a 1980 pornographic film directed by Gerard Damiano and starring Robert Kerman, Herschel Savage and Lysa Thatcher.	The Satisfiers of Alpha Blue	Robert Kerman
cast member	Main Zinda Hoon (English: I Am Alive) is a 1988 Hindi drama film written and directed by Sudhir Mishra, and starring Rajendra Gupta, Pankaj Kapur, Deepti Naval and Alok Nath.	Main Zinda Hoon	Rajendra Gupta
cast member	Return to Yesterday is a 1940 British comedy-drama film directed by Robert Stevenson and starring Clive Brook and Anna Lee.	Return to Yesterday	Clive Brook	Anna Lee
cast member	Romnick Sarmenta as Miguel/Michelle de la Cruz Gloria Diaz as Tinang Ray Ventura as Nano Cris Villanueva as Julio Mylene Dizon as Sonia Gandong Cervantes as Fr. Rav	Miguel/Michelle	Gloria Diaz
cast member	O Costa do Castelo (lit. The Costa from the Castle) is a Portuguese film comedy from 1943, directed by Arthur Duarte, and starring António Silva, Maria Matos, Curado Ribeiro, Milú, Hermínia Silva,the famous Fado singer, and Teresa Casal.	O Costa do Castelo	António Silva	Maria Matos	Milú	Hermínia Silva
cast member	Wolf Song is a 1929 American silent Western romance drama film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Gary Cooper and Lupe Vélez.	Wolf Song	Gary Cooper	Lupe Vélez
cast member	The Girl Who Came Late aka Daydream Believer is a 1991 Australian romantic comedy film starring Miranda Otto, Martin Kemp and Gia Carides; and directed by Kathy Mueller.	The Girl Who Came Late	Miranda Otto	Martin Kemp	Gia Carides
cast member	Starring Pournami is a Malayalam road movie directed by Albey, starring Sunny Wayne and Tovino Thomas in the lead roles.	Starring Pournami	Sunny Wayne
cast member	Old Mother Riley Joins Up is a 1940 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Arthur Lucan, Kitty McShane, Martita Hunt, Bruce Seton and Garry Marsh.	Old Mother Riley Joins Up	Arthur Lucan
cast member	Men Are Not Gods is a 1936 British film starring Miriam Hopkins and co-starring Gertrude Lawrence, Sebastian Shaw and Rex Harrison.	Men Are Not Gods	Miriam Hopkins	Gertrude Lawrence	Sebastian Shaw	Rex Harrison
cast member	The Accidental Honeymoon is a 1918 American silent comedy drama film directed by Léonce Perret and starring Robert Warwick.	The Accidental Honeymoon	Robert Warwick
cast member	Live-Ism is a concert video by the Swedish pop duo Roxette, released on VHS and Laserdisc on in August 1992.	Live-Ism	Roxette
cast member	Avargal (English: They) is a 1977 Tamil film made by K. Balachander starring Sujatha, Kamal Hassan and Rajinikanth.	Avargal	Sujatha	Rajinikanth
cast member	Two Smart People is a 1946 American film directed by Jules Dassin, and starring Lucille Ball and John Hodiak, Lloyd Nolan and Hugo Haas.	Two Smart People	Lucille Ball	John Hodiak	Lloyd Nolan	Hugo Haas
cast member	Several actors from Repo Man, including Zander Schloss, Jennifer Balgobin, Del Zamora, Tom Finnegan, and Miguel Sandoval return in Repo Chick, but in completely different roles.	Repo Chick	Miguel Sandoval
cast member	Kanni Thaai is a Tamil language action road movie film directed by M. A. Thirumugam, starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role.	Kanni Thaai	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	Vijayakanth as Chinna Gounder (Thavasi) Sukanya as Deivaanai (Chinna Gounder's wife) Manorama as Aatha Chinna Gounder's mother Salim Ghouse as Sakkarai Gounder Sathyapriya as Sundari Goundamani as Vellai Senthil as Vellai's assistant Vadivelu as Maakali Thavasi's servant Kamala Kamesh	Chinna Gounder	Salim Ghouse
cast member	Mukhsin - Mohd Shafie Naswip Orkid - Sharifah Aryana Syed Zainal Rashid Al-Yahya Mak Inom - Sharifah Aleya Binti Syed Zainal Rashid Yahya Kak Yam - Adibah Noor Pak Atam - Irwan Iskandar	Mukhsin	Sharifah Aryana
cast member	And One Was Beautiful is a 1940 romantic drama film starring Robert Cummings, Laraine Day, and Jean Muir.	And One Was Beautiful	Robert Cummings	Laraine Day	Jean Muir
cast member	The Sweeter Side of Life is a 2013 Hallmark Channel Original romantic comedy starring Kathryn Morris and James Best.	The Sweeter Side of Life	Kathryn Morris
cast member	Chicago Joe and the Showgirl is a 1990 British crime drama film directed by Bernard Rose and written by David Yallop, starring Kiefer Sutherland and Emily Lloyd.	Chicago Joe and the Showgirl	Kiefer Sutherland	Emily Lloyd
cast member	Vidaaya (Kannada: ವಿದಾಯ; English: Farewell) is a 2015 Indian Kannada film written and directed by P. Sheshadri starring Lakshmi Gopalaswamy, Suchendra Prasad, H. G. Dattatreya and Pratham in lead roles.	Vidaaya	Lakshmi Gopalaswamy
cast member	Five Cartridges (German: Fünf Patronenhülsen) is a 1960 East German film directed by Frank Beyer and starring Erwin Geschonneck, Armin Mueller-Stahl and Manfred Krug.	Five Cartridges	Erwin Geschonneck	Armin Mueller-Stahl	Manfred Krug
cast member	Karina the Dancer (French:La maison du Maltais) is a 1928 French silent film directed by Henri Fescourt and starring Marie-Louise Vois, Sylvio De Pedrelli, Louis Vonelly.	Karina the Dancer	Louis Vonelly
cast member	Hosted by Atom Araullo and Ketchup Eusebio, Basta Sports is a unique show about games and sports for today's youth.	Basta Sports	Atom Araullo	Ketchup Eusebio
cast member	Callaway Went Thataway is a 1951 American comedy film starring Fred MacMurray, Dorothy McGuire, and Howard Keel.	Callaway Went Thataway	Fred MacMurray	Dorothy McGuire	Howard Keel
cast member	Sose Tanda Soubhagya (aka Sose Thanda Saubhagya) (Kannada: ಸೊಸೆ ತಂದ ಸೌಭಾಗ್ಯ )is a 1977 Kannada film written by P. B. Duttaragi, directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao, and starring Vishnuvardhan and Manjula.	Sose Tanda Soubhagya	Vishnuvardhan
cast member	Wings in the Dark is a 1935 motion picture starring Myrna Loy and Cary Grant and focusing on a daring woman aviatrix and an inventor thrust into a desperate situation.	Wings in the Dark	Myrna Loy	Cary Grant
cast member	Ushpizin (Hebrew האושפיזין) (lit. ``the Sukkot guests'', from Aramaic ushpizin אושפיזין ``guests'') is a 2004 Israeli film directed by Gidi Dar and written by Shuli Rand.	Ushpizin	Shuli Rand
cast member	However, Jake Speed does exist, as Margaret finds out, when he leaves a note for her to meet him and his sidekick, Desmond Floyd (Dennis Christopher), in a tough Paris bar.	Jake Speed	Dennis Christopher
cast member	Men and Noblemen (Italian: Uomini e nobiluomini) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi and starring Vittorio De Sica.	Men and Noblemen	Vittorio De Sica
cast member	Born Free is a 1966 British drama film starring Virginia McKenna and Bill Travers as Joy and George Adamson, a real-life couple who raised Elsa the Lioness, an orphaned lion cub, to adulthood, and released her into the wilderness of Kenya.	Born Free	Virginia McKenna	Bill Travers
cast member	Hell Night is a 1981 American independent horror film directed by Tom DeSimone, written by Randy Feldman, and starring Linda Blair.	Hell Night	Linda Blair
cast member	Piccadilly Third Stop is a 1960 British thriller film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Terence Morgan, Yoko Tani and John Crawford.	Piccadilly Third Stop	Terence Morgan	Yoko Tani	John Crawford
cast member	The Nonentity is a 1922 British silent adventure film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Annette Benson, Hugh Buckler and Daisy Campbell.	The Nonentity	Annette Benson
cast member	Mr. Winkle Goes to War is a 1944 war comedy film starring Edward G. Robinson and Ruth Warrick, based on a novel by Theodore Pratt.	Mr. Winkle Goes to War	Edward G. Robinson	Ruth Warrick
cast member	The Wicked Lady is a 1945 film starring Margaret Lockwood in the title role as a nobleman's wife who secretly becomes a highwayman for the excitement.	The Wicked Lady	Margaret Lockwood
cast member	Kudumbapuranam (English: Family History) is a 1988 Malayalam family film written by Lohithadas and directed by Sathyan Anthikad with Thilakan, Balachandra Menon, Ambika, K. P. A. C. Lalitha, Parvathy and Sreenivasan in major roles.	Kudumbapuranam	Thilakan	Balachandra Menon	Ambika	K. P. A. C. Lalitha	Parvathy	Sreenivasan
cast member	The King's Highway is a 1927 British romantic adventure film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring James Carew, Gerald Ames, Matheson Lang and Joan Lockton.	The King's Highway	James Carew	Gerald Ames	Matheson Lang	Joan Lockton
cast member	Carry On Pickpocket is a 1982 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Sammo Hung, whom also stars in it alongside Frankie Chan, Deanie Ip and Richard Ng.	Carry On Pickpocket	Sammo Hung
cast member	Isabelle Carré - Anna M. Gilbert Melki - Dr. André Zanevsky Anne Consigny - Mrs. Zanevsky Geneviève Mnich - Annas Mother Gaëlle Bona - Éléonore Francis Renaud - Albert Caroline Maillet - L'interne de l'hôpital Pascal Bongard - L'inspecteur	Anna M.	Anne Consigny	Geneviève Mnich	Gaëlle Bona	Francis Renaud	Pascal Bongard
cast member	An Insomniac's Nightmare is a 2003 film that stars Dominic Monaghan and was created and released by Jagged Edge Films.	An Insomniac's Nightmare	Dominic Monaghan
cast member	This improv film stars Mike McShane as the corrupt Memron executive, and also features Claire Forlani, Tim Bagley, John Lehr and Evie Peck.	Memron	Claire Forlani	Tim Bagley
cast member	What's Up Fox? (Hangul: 여우야 뭐하니; RR: Yeo-u-ya Mwohani, also known as Foxy Lady) is a 2006 South Korean television series, starring Go Hyun-jung and Chun Jung-myung.	What's Up Fox	Go Hyun-jung	Chun Jung-myung
cast member	The Hearse is a 1980 American horror film starring Trish Van Devere and Joseph Cotten.	The Hearse	Trish Van Devere	Joseph Cotten
cast member	Undefeatable is a 1994 martial arts movie starring Cynthia Rothrock and directed by Godfrey Ho (using the pseudonym Godfrey Hall).	Undefeatable	Cynthia Rothrock
cast member	The Bridges at Toko-Ri is a 1954 American war film about the Korean War and stars William Holden, Grace Kelly, Fredric March, Mickey Rooney, and Robert Strauss.	The Bridges at Toko-Ri	William Holden	Grace Kelly	Fredric March	Mickey Rooney	Robert Strauss
cast member	A Ticket to Red Horse Gulch is a 1914 American silent short Western starring William Garwood, William Lowery and Belle Bennett.	A Ticket to Red Horse Gulch	William Garwood	Belle Bennett
cast member	Director of Majajan Syed Noor married the heroine Saima during this film.	Majajan	Saima
cast member	Sakalakala Vallavan is a 1982 Indian Tamil-language masala film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Kamal Haasan and Ambika.	Sakalakala Vallavan	Kamal Haasan
cast member	Love's Lariat is a 1916 American silent film featuring Harry Carey.	Love's Lariat	Harry Carey
cast member	The Big Green is a 1995 family sports comedy film by Walt Disney Pictures starring Olivia d'Abo and Steve Guttenberg, written and directed by Holly Goldberg Sloan.	The Big Green	Olivia d'Abo	Steve Guttenberg
cast member	Mondo Meyer Upakhyan ( Bengali: মন্দ মেয়ের উপখ্যান, English language:A Tale of a Naughty Girl, released in the French language as Chroniques Indiennes) is a 2002 Indian Bengali film directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta and starring Rituparna Sengupta.	Mondo Meyer Upakhyan	Rituparna Sengupta
cast member	Koodevide? (English: Whither Your Nest?) is a 1983 Malayalam drama film written and directed by P. Padmarajan, starring Mammootty, Suhasini and Rahman who makes his debut.	Koodevide	Mammootty
cast member	The Resurrected (also known as The Ancestor and Shatterbrain) is a 1991 American horror film directed by Dan O'Bannon, and starring John Terry, Jane Sibbett, Chris Sarandon and Robert Romanus.	The Resurrected	John Terry	Jane Sibbett	Chris Sarandon	Robert Romanus
cast member	Pretty Ladies marked the first credited appearance of ``Lucille Le Sueur'', soon to be known as Joan Crawford.	Pretty Ladies	Joan Crawford
cast member	Sohum Shah as Baabarr Qureshi Mithun Chakraborty as SP Dwivedi Urvashi Sharma as Ziya Mukesh Tiwari as Nawaz Govind Namdeo as Bhaiyaa Jee Om Puri as Daroga Chaturvedi Tinu Anand as Mamu Sushant Singh as Tabrez Kashish as Aafreen Shakti Kapoor as Sarfaraaz Rakesh Deewana as Nanha	Baabarr	Mukesh Tiwari	Om Puri
cast member	The King's Vacation is a 1933 American Pre-Code romance film starring George Arliss and Marjorie Gateson and directed by John G. Adolfi.	The King's Vacation	George Arliss
cast member	Rough Waters (1930) is an all-talking adventure drama film that stars Rin Tin Tin.	Rough Waters	Rin Tin Tin
cast member	Lost Masterpieces of Pornography is a 2010 short film written and directed by David Mamet, and starring Kristen Bell, Ed O'Neill and Ricky Jay.	Lost Masterpieces of Pornography	Kristen Bell	Ed O'Neill	Ricky Jay
cast member	Live Nude Girls is a 1995 comedy film featuring Dana Delany, Kim Cattrall, Cynthia Stevenson, Laila Robins, Olivia d'Abo and others.	Live Nude Girls	Dana Delany	Kim Cattrall	Cynthia Stevenson	Laila Robins	Olivia d'Abo
cast member	The Ring of Destiny is a 1915 American Western film, directed by and starring Cleo Madison.	The Ring of Destiny	Cleo Madison
cast member	Shehzaade is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Raj N. Sippy for producer Rajan Sippy and starring Dharmendra, Shatrughan Sinha, Kimi Katkar, Dimple Kapadia.	Shehzaade	Dharmendra	Shatrughan Sinha	Kimi Katkar	Dimple Kapadia
cast member	The 6th Man, sometimes titled The Sixth Man, is a 1997 American sports comedy film directed by Randall Miller, starring Marlon Wayans and Kadeem Hardison.	The 6th Man	Marlon Wayans	Kadeem Hardison
cast member	Ladies of Leisure is a 1930 American Pre-Code romantic drama film directed by Frank Capra and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Ralph Graves.	Ladies of Leisure	Barbara Stanwyck	Ralph Graves
cast member	Bad Boys II is a 2003 American action comedy film directed by Michael Bay, produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, and starring Martin Lawrence and Will Smith.	Bad Boys II	Michael Bay	Martin Lawrence	Will Smith
cast member	Ultra Reinforcement is a 2012 Chinese historical romantic comedy film directed and written by Lam Chi-chung, starring Wallace Huo, Jing Tian, Dylan Kuo, and Cheung Tat-ming.	Ultra Reinforcement	Wallace Huo
cast member	They Call Me Renegade is a 1987 road movie by director E.B. Clucher, starring Terence Hill and his adoptive son Ross.	They Call Me Renegade	Terence Hill
cast member	Jagriti (``The Awakening'') is a 1954 Hindi film that won the Filmfare Best Movie Award in 1956, and the lead, Abhi Bhattacharya, won the Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award.	Jagriti	Abhi Bhattacharya
cast member	Strange Parallel is a documentary short film revolving around the American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith.	Strange Parallel	Elliott Smith
cast member	Chu Chu and the Philly Flash is a 1981 comedy film starring Alan Arkin, Carol Burnett, Jack Warden, Ruth Buzzi, Adam Arkin and Danny Aiello.	Chu Chu and the Philly Flash	Alan Arkin	Carol Burnett	Jack Warden	Adam Arkin	Danny Aiello
cast member	Discord and Harmony is a 1914 American silent short romantic drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Murdock MacQuarrie, Pauline Bush, and Lon Chaney.	Discord and Harmony	Murdock MacQuarrie	Pauline Bush	Lon Chaney
cast member	A Woman There Was is a 1919 American silent South Seas drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara.	A Woman There Was	Theda Bara
cast member	The Tin Star was first a short story then a 1957 American western film directed by Anthony Mann and starring Henry Fonda and Anthony Perkins, in one of Perkins' first roles.	The Tin Star	Henry Fonda	Anthony Perkins
cast member	Tahader Katha (English:Their story) is a 1992 award winning Bengali-language Indian drama film directed by Budhhadeb Dasgupta, starring Mithun Chakraborty, who won the 1993 National Film Awards for Best Actor for the film, while the film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Bengali.	Tahader Katha	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Student Seduction is a 2003 made-for-television movie produced by Lions Gate Entertainment's Lionsgate Television and starring Elizabeth Berkley, Corey Sevier and Rick Roberts.	Student Seduction	Elizabeth Berkley	Corey Sevier	Rick Roberts
cast member	Sex and Zen II is partially an adaptation of the Tsui Hark film The Lovers, which is itself based on Butterfly Lovers and the lead actor Elvis Tsui's character Sai Moon-Kin (西門堅, pinyin: Xīmén Jiān) is related to the Water Margin character and Jin Ping Mei protagonist Ximen Qing.	Sex and Zen II	Elvis Tsui
cast member	Sammohanam (Malayalam: സമ്മോഹനം, English: Enchantment) is a 1994 Indian film in Malayalam directed by C. P. Padmakumar, starring Murali, Nedumudi Venu and Archana in the lead roles.	Sammohanam	Murali	Nedumudi Venu
cast member	The Day of the Wolves is a 1971 heist movie starring Richard Egan and directed, written and produced by Ferde Grofe Jr. the son of the renowned composer who had previously worked in the Philippine film industry.	The Day of the Wolves	Richard Egan
cast member	The Atomic Space Bug is a 1999 horror film directed by Jonathan M. Parisen and starring Conrad Brooks (Plan 9 from Outer Space).	The Atomic Space Bug	Conrad Brooks
cast member	Bhaji in Problem (Punjabi: ਭਾਜੀ ਇਨ ਪ੍ਰਾਬਲਮ) is a Punjabi comedy film directed by Smeep Kang, who had earlier directed films like Carry on Jatta and Lucky Di Unlucky Story, both of which featured Gippy Grewal in the lead role.	Bhaji in Problem	Gippy Grewal
cast member	Slightly Honorable is a 1939 American film directed by Tay Garnett.	Slightly Honorable	Tay Garnett
cast member	Per Sollum Pillai (English: The child who says the name) is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Kamal Haasan, Radhika, Manorama, K.R.Vijaya and Raveendrant The movie completed 100 days and was a hit at the box office.	Per Sollum Pillai	Kamal Haasan	Manorama
cast member	The Brink's Job is a 1978 film directed by William Friedkin and starring Peter Falk, Peter Boyle, Allen Garfield, Warren Oates, Gena Rowlands, and Paul Sorvino.	The Brink's Job	Peter Falk	Peter Boyle	Allen Garfield	Warren Oates	Gena Rowlands	Paul Sorvino
cast member	Soylent Green is a 1973 American Metrocolor science fiction film in Panavision directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Charlton Heston, Leigh Taylor-Young, and, in his final film, Edward G. Robinson.	Soylent Green	Charlton Heston	Leigh Taylor-Young	Edward G. Robinson
cast member	His Athletic Wife is a 1913 short film starring Wallace Beery, Gertrude Forbes and Robert Bolder.	His Athletic Wife	Wallace Beery	Robert Bolder
cast member	The Wrong Birds is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring Edith Borella, Charlotte Burton, George Field, and Ed Coxen.	The Wrong Birds	Edith Borella	Charlotte Burton	George Field
cast member	John Paul Vaathil Thurakkunnu is also known as JPVT, is a Malayalam emotional-thriller directed by Chandrahasan.The movie is based on Punathil Kunjabdulla's short story of the same name, will star Deepak Parambol in the title role opposite Shruthi Menon.	John Paul Vaathil Thurakkunnu	Deepak Parambol
cast member	Space Riders is a 1984 British sports drama film directed by Joe Massot starring Grand Prix motorcycle racing world champion Barry Sheene as himself.	Space Riders	Barry Sheene
cast member	The Bootleggers is a 1922 American silent film directed by Roy Sheldon and starring Walter Miller, Paul Panzer and Jules Cowles.	The Bootleggers	Walter Miller	Paul Panzer
cast member	The River Line (German:Kennwort... Reiher) is a 1964 West German war drama film directed by Rudolf Jugert and starring Peter van Eyck, Marie Versini and Walter Rilla.	The River Line	Peter van Eyck	Marie Versini	Walter Rilla
cast member	Bloody Mama is a 1970 American low-budget drama film directed by Roger Corman and starring Shelley Winters in the title role.	Bloody Mama	Shelley Winters
cast member	The Adventures of Justine is a series of seven erotic feature films and made-for-TV movies featuring Daneen Boone as the heroine Justine Wilkenson.	The Adventures of Justine	Daneen Boone
cast member	Top Floor Girl is a 1959 British drama film directed by Max Varnel which stars Kay Callard, Neil Hallett and Robert Raikes.	Top Floor Girl	Kay Callard
cast member	Repo Men is a 2010 American-Canadian science fiction action-thriller film directed by Miguel Sapochnik, and starring Jude Law, Forest Whitaker, Liev Schreiber and Carice van Houten.	Repo Men	Jude Law	Forest Whitaker	Liev Schreiber	Carice van Houten
cast member	The Chairman (or alternatively The Most Dangerous Man in the World) is a 1969 spy film starring Gregory Peck.	The Chairman	Gregory Peck
cast member	Crimes of the Past, also known as The Spy and the Sparrow, is a 2009 thriller film starring David Rasche and Eric Roberts.	Crimes of the Past	David Rasche
cast member	Death at Broadcasting House, also known as Death at a Broadcast, is a 1934 British mystery film directed by Reginald Denham and starring Ian Hunter, Austin Trevor, Henry Kendall, and Jack Hawkins.	Death at Broadcasting House	Ian Hunter
cast member	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade is a short film written by Billy Bob Thornton, directed by George Hickenlooper and starring Thornton, Molly Ringwald, and J. T. Walsh.	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade	Billy Bob Thornton
cast member	The Restless Breed is a 1957 western film, directed by Allan Dwan and starring Scott Brady and Anne Bancroft.	The Restless Breed	Scott Brady	Anne Bancroft
cast member	Heaven's Prisoners is a 1996 American crime drama thriller film directed by Phil Joanou and starring Alec Baldwin, Kelly Lynch, Mary Stuart Masterson, Teri Hatcher and Eric Roberts.	Heaven's Prisoners	Alec Baldwin	Kelly Lynch	Mary Stuart Masterson	Teri Hatcher	Eric Roberts
cast member	Luke's Speedy Club Life is a 1916 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.	Luke's Speedy Club Life	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Mangalam Veettil Manaseswari Gupta is 1995 Malayalam film starring Jayaram and Vani Viswanath.	Mangalam Veettil Manaseswari Gupta	Jayaram	Vani Viswanath
cast member	Unbecoming Age, also known as The Magic Bubble, is a 1992 American comedy film starring George Clooney and Diane Salinger.	Unbecoming Age	George Clooney	Diane Salinger
cast member	Pandavulu Pandavulu Tummeda is a 2014 Telugu film featuring an ensemble cast composed of Mohan Babu, Manchu Vishnu, Manchu Manoj, Raveena Tandon, Hansika Motwani, Pranitha Subhash, Varun Sandesh and Tanish in the lead roles.	Pandavulu Pandavulu Tummeda	Mohan Babu	Vishnu, Manchu	Raveena Tandon	Hansika Motwani	Pranitha Subhash	Varun Sandesh
cast member	Ultimo mondo cannibale (1977; English: Last Cannibal World, UK theatrical title: Cannibal, also known as Jungle Holocaust) is a cannibal exploitation film directed by Ruggero Deodato, which stars Massimo Foschi, Me Me Lai and Ivan Rassimov.	Ultimo mondo cannibale	Massimo Foschi	Me Me Lai	Ivan Rassimov
cast member	Kaadhal Kondein (also spelled as Kadhal Konden ; English: I fell in love) is a 2003 Indian Tamil psychological thriller film written and directed by Selvaraghavan, starring his brother Dhanush and newcomer Sonia Agarwal in lead roles, whilst newcomers Sudeep Sarangi, Nagesh and Daniel Balaji play supporting roles.	Kaadhal Kondein	Dhanush
cast member	Valdez Is Coming is a 1971 American western film starring Burt Lancaster, Susan Clark, Richard Jordan and Jon Cypher.	Valdez Is Coming	Burt Lancaster	Susan Clark	Richard Jordan	Jon Cypher
cast member	Dead Mary is a 2007 slasher film from 235 Films starring Dominique Swain as Kim.	Dead Mary	Dominique Swain
cast member	Henry, King of Navarre is a 1924 British silent historical film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Matheson Lang, Gladys Jennings and Henry Victor.	Henry, King of Navarre	Matheson Lang
cast member	Night Warning (originally titled Butcher, Baker, Nightmare Maker) is a 1982 American exploitation horror film directed by William Asher, and starring Susan Tyrrell, Jimmy McNichol, and Julia Duffy.	Night Warning	Susan Tyrrell	Jimmy McNichol
cast member	Wonderful Radio (Hangul: 원더풀 라디오; RR: Wondeopul Radio, also known as Love On-Air) is a 2012 South Korean romantic comedy film, starring Lee Min-jung and Lee Jung-jin.	Wonderful Radio	Lee Min-jung
cast member	The Art of Getting By is a 2011 romantic comedy-drama film starring Freddie Highmore, Emma Roberts, Michael Angarano, Elizabeth Reaser, Sam Robards, Rita Wilson and Blair Underwood.	The Art of Getting By	Freddie Highmore	Emma Roberts	Michael Angarano	Elizabeth Reaser	Sam Robards	Rita Wilson	Blair Underwood
cast member	C'è sempre un ma! is a 1942 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Carla Del Poggio.	C'è sempre un ma!	Carla Del Poggio
cast member	Jathi Malli is a 1993 Indian Tamil language Drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Kushboo, Nassar, Vineeth, Mukesh and Yuvarani.	Jathi Malli	Kushboo	Nassar	Vineeth	Mukesh
cast member	Maad Dad is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by Revathy S Varmha, starring Lal, Nazriya Nazim, Meghana Raj, Lalu Alex, Padmapriya and Pooja Gandhi.	Maad Dad	Lal	Nazriya Nazim	Meghana Raj	Lalu Alex	Pooja Gandhi
cast member	The Menace to Carlotta is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Pauline Bush, William C. Dowlan, and Lon Chaney.	The Menace to Carlotta	Pauline Bush	William C. Dowlan	Lon Chaney
cast member	Pistol Harvest is a 1951 Western movie starring Tim Holt.	Pistol Harvest	Tim Holt
cast member	Ureme 1 (Thunder Hawk from Beyond) (in Korean: 외계에서 온 우뢰매) was the first in a series of Korean children's science-fiction films directed by Kim Cheong-gi and starring Shim Hyung-rae.	Ureme 1	Shim Hyung-rae
cast member	Abbott and Costello Meet Captain Kidd is a 1952 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello, along with Charles Laughton, who reprised his role as the infamous pirate from the 1945 film Captain Kidd.	Abbott and Costello Meet Captain Kidd	Charles Laughton
cast member	Cancel My Reservation is a 1972 comedy film starring Bob Hope and Eva Marie Saint, and directed by Paul Bogart.	Cancel My Reservation	Bob Hope
cast member	Dark Nature is a 2009 British thriller film written by Eddie Harrison, directed by Marc de Launay, and starring Niall Greig Fulton, Vanya Eadie and Imogen Toner.	Dark Nature	Imogen Toner
cast member	Kept is a reality television series that centered on Jerry Hall (model and ex-wife to Mick Jagger) searching for a kept man.	Kept	Jerry Hall
cast member	Lenin, You Rascal, You (Danish: Lenin, din gavtyv) is a 1972 Danish comedy film directed by Kirsten Stenbæk and starring Peter Steen.	Lenin, You Rascal, You	Peter Steen
cast member	1732 Høtten (international title: Bloody Angels) is a 1998 Norwegian thriller film directed by Karin Julsrud, starring Reidar Sørensen Stig Henrik Hoff and Lailia Goody.The film was Julsrud's directorial début	1732 Høtten	Reidar Sørensen Stig Henrik Hoff
cast member	The Cool Surface is a 1994 thriller film starring Robert Patrick, Teri Hatcher, Cyril O'Reilly, Matt McCoy, Shannon Dobson and Ian Buchanan.	The Cool Surface	Robert Patrick	Teri Hatcher	Cyril O'Reilly
cast member	Family Plot is a 1976 American dark comedy/thriller film that was the final film directed by Alfred Hitchcock.	Family Plot	Alfred Hitchcock
cast member	Life with Elizabeth is an American sitcom starring Betty White as Elizabeth and Del Moore as her husband Alvin;	Life with Elizabeth	Betty White	Del Moore
cast member	Ajith Kumar as Dheenadhayalan (Dheena) Laila Mehdin as Chitra Suresh Gopi as Adhikesavan Divya Sriman Shyam Ganesh 'Mahanathi' Shankar as Narayanan Rajesh Sheela Nagma in an item number	Dheena	Laila Mehdin
cast member	Jai Veeru is a Hindi action film directed by Puneet Sira, and starring Fardeen Khan, Kunal Khemu, Dia Mirza, Arbaaz Khan and Anjana Sukhani.	Jai Veeru	Fardeen Khan
cast member	The Legend of Bagger Vance is a 2000 American sports drama film directed by Robert Redford, and stars Will Smith, Matt Damon and Charlize Theron.	The Legend of Bagger Vance	Will Smith	Matt Damon	Charlize Theron
cast member	A Fuchsia Elephant is a 2009 American short comedy film screenplay and directed by Dianna Agron, starring Dianna Agron and Dave Franco.	A Fuchsia Elephant	Dianna Agron	Dave Franco
cast member	Winnebago Man is a 2009 American documentary feature film directed by Ben Steinbauer that follows the Internet phenomenon created by a series of twenty-year-old outtakes from a Winnebago sales video featuring profane outbursts from the salesperson, Jack Rebney.	Winnebago Man	Ben Steinbauer
cast member	The Public Defender is a 1931 Pre-Code crime film directed by J. Walter Ruben, starring Richard Dix and featuring Boris Karloff.	The Public Defender	Richard Dix
cast member	Bad Night is an American adventure film starring YouTube personalities Jenn McAllister and Lauren Luthringshausen.	Bad Night	Jenn McAllister
cast member	Love Everlasting (Italian: Ma l'amor mio non muore, more literally translated as But My Love Will Never Die) is a 1913 Italian silent drama film directed by Mario Caserini and starring Lyda Borelli, Mario Bonnard and Gianpaolo Rosmino.	Love Everlasting	Lyda Borelli	Mario Bonnard
cast member	Pancharangi (Kannada: ಪಂಚರಂಗಿ) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film with philosophical overtones directed and produced by Yogaraj Bhat starring Diganth and Nidhi Subbaiah in the lead roles.	Pancharangi	Diganth
cast member	Man of Tai Chi is a 2013 Chinese-American martial arts film directed by and starring Keanu Reeves in his directorial debut, and co-stars Tiger Chen, Iko Uwais, Karen Mok and Simon Yam.	Man of Tai Chi	Keanu Reeves	Tiger Chen	Iko Uwais	Karen Mok	Simon Yam
cast member	Rugma is a 1983 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by P. G. Viswambharan, starring Mammootty, Menaka, Seema and Venu Nagavally in lead roles.	Rugma	Mammootty
cast member	No Road Back is a 1957 British B picture crime drama, notable mainly for being the first major film role for future filmstar Sean Connery.	No Road Back	Sean Connery
country	Pillanleufú River (Mapudungun for river of the pillán) is a river in Futrono, southern Chile.	Pillanleufú River	Chile
country	Shendi University is a public university that was established in 1994, located in Shendi, Sudan.	Shendi University	Sudan
country	Kamiliyeh (Persian: كميليه‎, also Romanized as Kamīlīyeh) is a village in Katra Rural District, Nashta District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kamiliyeh	Iran
country	The Columbarium of Pomponius Hylas is a 1st-century AD Roman columbarium, situated near the Porta Latina on the Via Appia, Rome, Italy.	Columbarium of Pomponius Hylas	Italy
country	Jaqhi Wat'a (Aymara jaqhi cliff, wat'a island, ``cliff island'', hispanicized spelling Jaquehuata) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Jaqhi Wat'a	Peru
country	The Exshaw Formation is a stratigraphic unit in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin.	Exshaw Formation	Canada
country	Mahidol Wittayanusorn School (Thai: โรงเรียนมหิดลวิทยานุสรณ์; rtgs: Mahidon Witthayanuson), also known colloquially as Mahidol Wit, Mahidol Witt, MWIT or MWITS, is a secondary school in Thailand.	Mahidol Wittayanusorn School	Thailand
country	Khurgan (Persian: خورگان‎, also Romanized as Khūrgān; also known as Khargūn) is a village in Tasuj Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khurgan	Iran
country	According to India's 2001 census, Paranda had a population of 16,987, of whom 52% were male, 48% female, and 14% under the age of six.	Paranda	India
country	Al Muntazah is a well-known supermarket chain in the Kingdom of Bahrain.	Al Muntazah	Bahrain
country	Brandywine Falls Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located adjacent to BC Highway 99 between Garibaldi and Whistler, British Columbia.	Brandywine Falls Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Tribhuvan Highway (Nepali: त्रिभूवन राजपथ) connects the outskirts of Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal, with Birganj/Raxaul on the Nepal-India border.	Tribhuvan Highway	Nepal
country	Barendrecht ( pronunciation ) is a town and lordship in the Netherlands, located as a suburb of Rotterdam in the province of South Holland.	Barendrecht	Netherlands
country	Velika Brda (pronounced (ˈʋeːlika ˈbəɾda); Italian: Berdo Grande) is a small village north of Hruševje in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Velika Brda	Slovenia
country	Sar Galu (Persian: سرگلو‎, also Romanized as Sar Galū) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sar Galu	Iran
country	Mangosuthu University of Technology (abbreviated MUT; formerly Mangosuthu Technikon) is a University of Technology situated on the outskirts of Durban, South Africa, on a site overlooking the Indian Ocean.	Mangosuthu University of Technology	South Africa
country	Marcinówka (mart͡ɕiˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Marcinówka	Poland
country	Hafiz Hayat (Urdu: حافظ حیات‎) is a place in district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Hafiz Hayat	Pakistan
country	Umma (modern Umm al-Aqarib, Dhi Qar Province in Iraq) was an ancient city in Sumer.	Umma	Iraq
country	Sigar Rural District (Persian: دهستان سيگار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sigar Rural District	Iran
country	Versend (Croatian: Vršenda) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Versend	Hungary
country	Vic Cathedral (Catalan: Catedral de Vic, Spanish: Catedral de Vich), officially the Cathedral of St. Peter the Apostle (Catalan: Catedral de Sant Pere Apòstol, Spanish: Catedral de San Pedro Apóstol) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Vic, Catalonia, Spain.	Vic Cathedral	Spain
country	Šmalčja Vas (pronounced (ˈʃmaːu̯tʃja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Šmalčja vas, German: Schmalzendorf) is a settlement immediately north of the town of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Šmalčja Vas	Slovenia
country	Rabatat Rural District (Persian: دهستان رباطات‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Rabatat Rural District	Iran
country	Orsk Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Орск) (IATA: OSW, ICAO: UWOR) is an airport in Russia located 16 km (10 mi) south of Orsk.	Orsk Airport	Russia
country	Oruk Anam is a Local Government Area located in the southwestern part of Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria.	Oruk Anam	Nigeria
country	Stara Pułapina (ˈstara puwaˈpina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stara Pułapina	Poland
country	Hajji Bijar va Jas Ganas (Persian: حاجي بيجاروجاس گنس‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bījār va Jās Ganas; also known as Ḩājjī Bījār) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hajji Bijar va Jas Ganas	Iran
country	Zhuoshui Station (Chinese: 濁水車站; Hanyu Pinyin: Zhuóshuǐ Chēzhàn; Tongyong Pinyin: Jhuóshuěi Chejhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Jiji Line located in Mingjian Township, Nantou County, Taiwan.	Zhuoshui Station	Taiwan
country	The Château de Pibrac is a converted 16th century castle in the commune of Pibrac in the Haute-Garonne département of France.	Château de Pibrac	France
country	Borzymowice (bɔʐɨmɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Borzymowice	Poland
country	Zabukovje pri Raki (pronounced (zaˈbuːkɔu̯jɛ pɾi ˈɾaːki)) is a settlement in the hills west of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Zabukovje pri Raki	Slovenia
country	Niedzica Castle also known as Dunajec Castle (Latin: Castrum de Dunajecz, Hungarian: Nedec Váralja / Nedec-Vár, German: Sub-Arx Unterschloss, Slovak: Nedecký hrad), is located in the southernmost part of Poland in Niedzica (Nowy Targ County in Lesser Poland).	Niedzica Castle	Poland
country	Utøy or Utøya is a village area in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Utøy	Norway
country	Fagatele Bay National Marine Sanctuary is a national marine sanctuary in American Samoa.	Fagatele Bay National Marine Sanctuary	American Samoa
country	Canadian Accredited Independent Schools (CAIS) is a national organization for independent schools in Canada.	Canadian Accredited Independent Schools	Canada
country	Tamazunchale is a town and municipality in the state of San Luis Potosí, central Mexico.	Tamazunchale	Mexico
country	The Ordre des Arts et des Lettres (Order of Arts and Letters) is an Order of France, established on 2 May 1957 by the Minister of Culture, and its supplementary status to the Ordre national du Mérite was confirmed by President Charles de Gaulle in 1963.	Ordre des Arts et des Lettres	France
country	Kharmizan (Persian: خرميزان‎, also Romanized as Kharmīzān) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kharmizan	Iran
country	IEDC-Bled School of Management, located in Bled, Slovenia, is a Business School.	IEDC-Bled School of Management	Slovenia
country	Cap Zebib (also known as Cape Zebib or Cap Ras Zebib) (Arabic: رأس زبيب ‎) is a headland in northern Tunisia near the town of Metline.	Cap Zebib	Tunisia
country	Cruz de Humilladero (Spanish for shrine's cross), also known as District 6, is one of the 11 districts of the city of Málaga, Spain.	Cruz de Humilladero	Spain
country	The Waihopai Station is a secure communication facility, located near Blenheim, run by New Zealand's Government Communications Security Bureau.	Waihopai Station	New Zealand
country	The Checheho River is a small river located in north-central Ethiopia.	Checheho River	Ethiopia
country	The Inspector General of the Bundeswehr (German: Generalinspekteur der Bundeswehr, GenInspBw), also translated as Chief of Staff of the Federal Armed Forces, is the highest-ranking military post held by a commissioned officer in the Bundeswehr, the present-day armed forces of Germany.	Inspector General of the Bundeswehr	Germany
country	Daean-ri (Hangul: 대안리) is an administrative division, or village, located in Onyang, Ulju County, Ulsan, South Korea.	Daean-ri	South Korea
country	Hólmavík is a small town in the western part of Iceland, by Steingrímsfjörður.	Hólmavík	Iceland
country	Champsac (Occitan: Chamçac) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France, sitting near to both the Dordogne and Charente borders.	Champsac	France
country	Kirakira Airport (IATA: IRA, ICAO: AGGK) is an airport located at Kirakira on the island of Makira (formerly San Cristobal), part of the Makira-Ulawa Province in the Solomon Islands.	Kirakira Airport	Solomon Islands
country	The Fonte Gaia is a monumental fountain located in the Piazza del Campo in the center of Siena, Italy.	Fonte Gaia	Italy
country	Tsarvaritsa or Tsurvaritsa (Bulgarian: Село Църварица) is a village in the municipality of Nevestino, located in the Kyustendil Province of western Bulgaria.	Tsarvaritsa	Bulgaria
country	The Miramichi Bridge is a bridge crossing the Miramichi River at Newcastle, New Brunswick, Canada.	Miramichi Bridge	Canada
country	Bahawalnagar District (Urdu: ضِلع بہاولنگر‎), is a district of Punjab province in Pakistan.	Bahawalnagar District	Pakistan
country	City Golf is a village and resort in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.	City Golf	Uruguay
country	The Reșița works are two companies, TMK Reșița and UCM Reșița, located in Reșița, in the Banat region of Romania.	Reșița works	Romania
country	Jalizav (Persian: جليزاو‎, also Romanized as Jālīzāv; also known as Jālīzāb) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jalizav	Iran
country	Base Presidente Eduardo Frei Montalva is the most important Antarctic base of Chile.	Base Presidente Eduardo Frei Montalva	Chile
country	Qalb Loze (Arabic: قلب لوزة‎, also spelled Qalb Lawzah or Qalb Lozeh) is a Druze village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) west of Aleppo.	Qalb Loze	Syria
country	Brecht Abbey, also known as the Abbey of Our Lady of Nazareth, is an abbey of Trappistine nuns located in Brecht, in the Campine region of the province of Antwerp (Flanders, Belgium).	Brecht Abbey	Belgium
country	Masjid Omar Kampong Melaka (or Omar Kampong Malacca Mosque; Chinese: 奥玛甘榜马六甲回教堂) is a mosque in Singapore, and is located at Keng Cheow Street in the Singapore River Planning Area, within the Central Area, Singapore's central business district.	Masjid Omar Kampong Melaka	Singapore
country	The Knuckles Mountain Range lies in central Sri Lanka, in the Districts of Matale and Kandy.	Knuckles Mountain Range	Sri Lanka
country	Iihongo is a village in the northern part of Namibia, exactly 25 km east from the town of Ondangwa.	Iihongo	Namibia
country	Viekšniai ( pronunciation Samogitian: Vėikšnē) is city in the Mažeikiai district municipality, Lithuania.	Viekšniai	Lithuania
country	Alexander Bay Airport (IATA: ALJ, ICAO: FAAB) is an airport serving Alexander Bay, a town in the Northern Cape province in South Africa.	Alexander Bay Airport	South Africa
country	Kumkuduk or Qumqudyq is a village in the Aktobe Region of western Kazakhstan.	Kumkuduk	Kazakhstan
country	The Malvesi uranium processing plant, a uranium refinery and conversion facility, is located in the Malvezy industrial area near the city of Narbonne in the south of France.	Malvesi	France
country	The Três Irmãos Dam is an embankment dam with gravity sections on the Tietê River in Pereira Barreto of São Paulo state in Brazil.	Três Irmãos Dam	Brazil
country	Umsobomvu Local Municipality is a local municipality in the Pixley ka Seme District Municipality district of the Northern Cape province of South Africa.	Umsobomvu Local Municipality	South Africa
country	The plans for Rutherford Library were drawn up from 1948 to 1951, and included features that would make the new library one of the best in Canada.	Rutherford Library	Canada
country	Ahmedabad Cantonment is situated between Ahmedabad city and Gandhinagar in the state of Gujarat in India.	Ahmedabad Cantonment	India
country	2014 Iguala mass kidnapping describes 43 male students from the Ayotzinapa Rural Teachers' College who went missing in Iguala, Guerrero, Mexico on September 26, 2014.	2014 Iguala mass kidnapping	Mexico
country	Turjanski Vrh (pronounced (ˈtuːɾjanski ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the hills above Mota in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia.	Turjanski Vrh	Slovenia
country	The Universidad Laboral de Gijón is located in Gijón (Asturias, Spain) specifically in the parish of Cabueñes.	Universidad Laboral de Gijón	Spain
country	Club Atlético Unión (usually referred as Unión de Sunchales) is an Argentina sports club from Sunchales, Santa Fe Province.	Unión de Sunchales	Argentina
country	The Kyrkogården Runestones are three Viking Age memorial runestones located near St. Mary's Church at Kyrkogården, which is in Sigtuna, Stockholm County, Sweden, which was in the historic province of Uppland.	Kyrkogården Runestones	Sweden
country	Griffith High School is a coeducational, New South Wales government public school located in Griffith, New South Wales, Australia.	Griffith High School	Australia
country	The Queensland Times is a daily newspaper serving Ipswich and surrounds in Queensland, Australia.	The Queensland Times	Australia
country	The Ristiḱ Palace (Serbian: Ристићева палата; Macedonian: Ристиќева палата, Ristikjeva palata) is a monumental symbolic building at Macedonia Square (with the 'СКОПСКО' sign on top meaning 'Skopsko', a popular local beer brand) in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.	Ristiḱ Palace	Macedonia
country	The Empresa Municipal de Transportes de Madrid (also known as EMT Madrid) is an organization that operates urban busses as part of the public transit services in Madrid, Spain.	Empresa Municipal de Transportes de Madrid	Spain
country	Apaki is a village in western Benin near the Togolese border.	Apaki	Benin
country	Osredek nad Stično (pronounced (ɔˈsɾeːdək nat ˈstiːtʃnɔ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Osredek nad Stično	Slovenia
country	Lincoln Primary School is a co-educational school based in Lincoln, New Zealand located on the Canterbury Plains to the west of Banks Peninsula, 22 kilometers south of Christchurch.	Lincoln Primary School	New Zealand
country	Aqdak (Persian: عقدك‎, also Romanized as ``Aqdak) is a village in Vanak Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Aqdak	Iran
country	Samarai is an island and former administrative capital in Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.	Samarai	Papua New Guinea
country	Madingo-Kayes is a town lying at the mouth of the Kouilou River on the Atlantic Ocean of the Republic of the Congo.	Madingo-Kayes	Republic of the Congo
country	The Eastern Goldfields is a figurative area used in speech to describe parts of the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.	Eastern Goldfields	Australia
country	Deh-e Jamal (Persian: ده جمال‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Jamāl) is a village in Asfyj Rural District, Asfyj District, Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Deh-e Jamal	Iran
country	Gåsevadholm Castle is a castle on an island in the Rolfsån river in Sweden.	Gåsevadholm Castle	Sweden
country	Łukszty (ˈwukʂtɨ) (German: Luxethen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łukszty	Poland
country	Teir Maalah (Arabic: تير معلة‎, also spelled Teir Maela or Ter Maala) is a town in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, just north of Homs.	Teir Maalah	Syria
country	Trieste (/triːˈɛst/; Italian pronunciation: (triˈɛste) listen ) (Slovenian Trst, German Triest) is a city and seaport in northeastern Italy.	Trieste	Italy
country	Trans-Nzoia County is a county in the former Rift Valley Province, Kenya, located between the Nzoia River and Mount Elgon with its centre at the town of Kitale which is the capital and largest town of the county, and 380 km North West of Nairobi.	Trans-Nzoia County	Kenya
country	The Zhiguli Mountains (/ʒiːɡuːˈliː/; Russian: Жигулëвские горы (Zhigulyovskiye gory)) or simply Zhiguli (Russian: Жигули́), sometimes called The Zhiguli Heights - Жигулëвская возвышенность (Zhigulyovskaya vozvyshennost), are a range of wooded mountains located in Russia on the right bank of the Volga River, in the Samara bend.	Zhiguli Mountains	Russia
country	It is the headquarters of the Tehsil of the same name and consists of the Amraudha and Malasa Development Blocks Situated at the junction of National Highway 2A (India) and National Highway 25 (India), Bhognipur is closest to the cities of Kanpur and Lucknow, 65 km and 140 km respectively.	Bhognipur	India
country	The Käfigturm is a medieval tower in Bern, Switzerland.	Käfigturm	Switzerland
country	Karmei Yosef (Hebrew: כַּרְמֵי יוֹסֵף, lit. Yosef's Vineyards, also spelled Carmey Yosef) is a communal settlement in central Israel.	Karmei Yosef	Israel
country	Hallasan is a shield volcano on Jeju Island of South Korea.	Hallasan	South Korea
country	The Noordermarkt (``Northern Market'') is a square in the Jordaan neighborhood of Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Noordermarkt	Netherlands
country	Rondebosch East is a residential suburb of Cape Town, South Africa, about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south-west of the city centre.	Rondebosch East	South Africa
country	Burg im Leimental is a municipality in the district of Laufen in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland	Burg im Leimental	Switzerland
country	Šumber (Italian: Sumber, Sumberg, Casali Sumberesi) is a village and ruinous castle in the Eastern part of Istria County, Croatia, in the municipality of Sveta Nedelja.	Šumber	Croatia
country	The Basilica of the Holy Rosary commonly known as Bandel Church is one of the oldest Christian churches in West Bengal, India.	Bandel Church	India
country	The Tour of Black Sea is a cycling race held in Turkey.	Tour of Black Sea	Turkey
country	Cotuí is a city in the Dominican Republic and is one of the oldest cities of the New World.	Cotuí	Dominican Republic
country	The Tschudi mine is a large copper mine located in the North of Namibia in Oshikoto Region.	Tschudi mine	Namibia
country	Hażlach (ˈxaʐlax) (German: Haslach) is a village and the seat of Gmina Hażlach in Cieszyn County in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Hażlach	Poland
country	Pelsi tsässon is a small Seto chapel situated in Pelsi village, Meremäe municipality in Võru County in Estonia.	Pelsi tsässon	Estonia
country	Lagodekhi Protected Areas, also known as Lagodekhi National Park, is a pair of protected areas in the Kakheti district of Georgia:	Lagodekhi Protected Areas	Georgia
country	Ghulam Khan (Urdu: غلام خان‎) is town in North Waziristan, FATA, Pakistan.	Ghulam Khan	Pakistan
country	Lachung is a town and hill station in northeast Sikkim, India.	Lachung	India
country	Hasan Jun (Persian: حسن جون‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Jūn) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Hasan Jun	Iran
country	Tikal Temple III, also known as the Temple of the Jaguar Priest, was one of the principal temple pyramids at the ancient Maya city of Tikal, in the Petén Department of modern Guatemala.	Tikal Temple III	Guatemala
country	Mount Patah (Indonesian: Gunung Patah, means: Broken Mountain) is a heavily forested quaternary age volcano west of Mount Dempo on Sumatra island, Indonesia.	Mount Patah	Indonesia
country	Sahorre (Catalan: Saorra) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Sahorre	France
country	Ticlacayán District is one of thirteen districts of the Pasco Province in the Pasco Region of Peru.	Ticlacayán District	Peru
country	Kosienice (kɔɕɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żurawica, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kosienice	Poland
country	The Tweed Daily News is a daily newspaper serving the Tweed Heads, New South Wales area of Australia.	Tweed Daily News	Australia
country	The Kempten University of Applied Sciences or Hochschule Kempten is a university of applied sciences in Kempten im Allgäu, Germany.	Kempten University of Applied Sciences	Germany
country	Notsé (Notsie, Nuatja) is a town in the Plateaux Region of Togo.	Notsé	Togo
country	Namutoni is a restcamp on the edge of Etosha pan in the Oshikoto Region in northern Namibia.	Namutoni	Namibia
country	Ghess (Sambalpuri pronunciation (ɡʱẽs)) is a village in the Kosal region of Orissa, India which is known for its culture and role in India's First War of Independence.	Ghess	India
country	Yalıkavak is a town near Bodrum in Muğla province, on the Aegean coast of Turkey.	Yalıkavak	Turkey
country	El Magharia is a suburb of the city of Algiers in northern Algeria.	El Magharia	Algeria
country	Fontelo is a parish in the northern municipality of Armamar in Portugal.	Fontelo	Portugal
country	The Provisional Capital Memorial Hall (Hangul: 임시수도기념관; hanja: 釜山博物館) is a museum in Busan, South Korea.	Provisional Capital Memorial Hall	South Korea
country	The Canal Olímpic de Catalunya is a canal located in Castelldefels, Catalonia, Spain.	Canal Olímpic de Catalunya	Spain
country	Mohamed Belouizdad, formerly Hamma-Anassers, is a quarter of Algiers, Algeria in Algiers Province.	Mohamed Belouizdad	Algeria
country	The term 'Mundat Forest' refers to two forests that overlie the modern border between Germany and France near Wissembourg, Alsace.	Mundat Forest	France
country	Kirchspielslandgemeinde Eddelak-Sankt Michaelisdonn was an Amt (``collective municipality'') in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Eddelak-Sankt Michaelisdonn	Germany
country	Mount Rishiri (利尻山, Rishiri-zan) is a quaternary stratovolcano located off the coast of Hokkaidō, Japan in the Sea of Japan.	Mount Rishiri	Japan
country	Ambenja (pronounced ``AHHMM BEN JJAAA'') is a coastal town in the Boeny Region of northwestern Madagascar.	Ambenja	Madagascar
country	Krásny Brod is a village and municipality in the Medzilaborce District in the Prešov Region of far north-eastern Slovakia.	Krásny Brod	Slovakia
country	Shakawe is a village located in the northwest corner of Botswana at the beginning of the Okavango Delta, close to Namibia and Angola.	Shakawe	Botswana
country	Liquiçá (Tetum: Likisá) is a coastal city in East Timor, 32 km to the west of Dili, the national capital.	Liquiçá	East Timor
country	The T. F. Much Ballroom was a music and cultural institution in Melbourne, Australia.	T. F. Much Ballroom	Australia
country	Rashdin (Persian: رشدين‎, also Romanized as Rashdīn; also known as Pashti, Rashatīn, Rashtīn, and Rashty) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Rashdin	Iran
country	Waimangu Volcanic Rift Valley is the hydrothermal system created on 10 June 1886 by the volcanic eruption of Mount Tarawera, on the North Island of New Zealand.	Waimangu Volcanic Rift Valley	New Zealand
country	Drincham (from Flemish; Drinkam in modern Dutch spelling) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Drincham	France
country	Ashkuh (Persian: اشكوه‎, also Romanized as Ashkūh) is a village in Kezab Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ashkuh	Iran
country	Wyrębiska (vɨrɛmˈbiska) (German: Lichtwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wyrębiska	Poland
country	Kapp Dufferin is a spit located northeast in Heer Land on the island of Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway.	Kapp Dufferin	Norway
country	Cueva de los Guácharos National Park (English: Cave of the Oilbirds) is the oldest national park in Colombia.	Cueva de los Guácharos	Colombia
country	Alhama de Granada looks out over some of Spain's most spectacular scenery.	Alhama de Granada	Spain
country	Jalan Datuk Wira Poh Ah Tiam (Malacca state route ), also known as Jalan Lorong Pandan is a major highway in Malacca state, Malaysia.	Jalan Datuk Wira Poh Ah Tiam	Malaysia
country	Filice (fiˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Filice	Poland
country	Queen Maud University College or QMUC (Norwegian: Dronning Mauds Minne Høgskole or DMMH) is a private college for preschool teachers located in Trondheim, Norway.	Queen Maud University College	Norway
country	The Yazgulyam River (also spelled Yazgulem River) is a tributary of the Panj (upper Oxus) in Vanj district, western Gorno-Badakhshan, Tajikistan.	Yazgulyam River	Tajikistan
country	Pentecostal Evangel is the official weekly magazine of the General Council of the Assemblies of God in the United States of America, with an average weekly circulation of approximately 200,000 worldwide.	Pentecostal Evangel	United States of America
country	Taizhou Railway Station (Zhejiang Province) (Chinese: 台州站; pinyin: Tāizhōu Zhàn) is a railway station of Yongtaiwen Railway located in Taizhou, Zhejiang, People's Republic of China.	Taizhou Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Bokariadi is one of a number of towns in Guinea with this name.	Bokariadi	Guinea
country	Sege River (Swedish: Sege å) is a river in Sweden.	Sege River	Sweden
country	Amsterdam Arena (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌɑmstərˈdɑm aːˈreːnaː), officially stylised as Amsterdam ArenA) is a stadium in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Amsterdam Arena	Netherlands
country	The Party of Bible-abiding Christians (German: Partei Bibeltreuer Christen, PBC) is a conservative evangelical minor right-wing political party in Germany.	Party of Bible-abiding Christians	Germany
country	Gommolli Kanda is regarded as the 13th highest mountain in Sri Lanka situated at 2,034 m (6,673 ft) above mean sea level.The mountain got its name from the native language of Sri Lanka, Sinhala as the peak of the mountain has a shape of hump of a bull.	Gommolli Kanda	Sri Lanka
country	Głuchy (ˈɡwuxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabrodzie, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Głuchy	Poland
country	The Mozarabic church of Santiago de Peñalbais located in the Valle del Silencio (Valley of Silence) in the region of El Bierzo, province of León, Community of Castile and León, Spain.	Santiago de Peñalba	Spain
country	Conavalla (Irish: Ceann an Bhealaigh, meaning ``head of the road/pass'') is a mountain in Wicklow Mountains in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Conavalla	Ireland
country	Nhuận Phú Tân is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam.	Nhuận Phú Tân	Vietnam
country	FC Santa Coloma is an Andorran football team based in the village of Santa Coloma, in the parish of Andorra la Vella.	FC Santa Coloma	Andorra
country	Phibunsongkhram Province (Thai: พิบูลสงคราม) was a former province of Thailand that existed between 1941 and 1946.	Phibunsongkhram Province	Thailand
country	The Evangelische Allianz (German, abbreviated as EA) is a federation of evangelical Christianity, which is a part of the Evangelical Church in Germany, German Free Churches, ``inner church confraternity'' (German: innerkirchliche Gemeinschaften) and relief organizations.	Evangelische Allianz	Germany
country	Taman Negara was established at the Titiwangsa Mountains, Malaysia, in 1938/1939 as the King George V National Park.	Taman Negara	Malaysia
country	Rosoman (Macedonian: Росоман ) is a village in Republic of Macedonia.	Rosoman	Macedonia
country	The Idukki Dam is a double curvature arch dam constructed across the Periyar River in a narrow gorge between two granite hills Kuravan and Kurathi in Kerala, India.	Idukki Dam	India
country	The Recsk mine is a large copper mine located in the north-east of Hungary in Heves County.	Recsk mine	Hungary
country	Lesetlheng is a village in the Mankwe region of South Africa, on the borders of the Pilanesberg Game Reserve.	Lesetlheng	South Africa
country	Freedom and Solidarity (Slovak: Sloboda a Solidarita, SaS) is a liberal political party in Slovakia.	Freedom and Solidarity	Slovakia
country	Baney (also known as Santiago de Baney) is a town in Equatorial Guinea.	Baney	Equatorial Guinea
country	Nuyts Archipelago Conservation Park is a protected area located on St Peter Island and Eyre Island in the Nuyts Archipelago located off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south and 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-east respectively of Ceduna.	Nuyts Archipelago Conservation Park	Australia
country	The Alcântara Launch Center (Portuguese: Centro de Lançamento de Alcântara (CLA)) is a satellite launching base of the Brazilian Space Agency in the city of Alcântara, located on Brazil's northern Atlantic coast, in the state of Maranhão.	Alcântara Launch Center	Brazil
country	Rapid Action Battalion or RAB is an elite anti-crime and anti-terrorism unit of the Bangladesh Police.	Rapid Action Battalion	Bangladesh
country	Bocca d'Arno (mouth of the Arno) is the traditional denomination of the late course of the Arno river, in Tuscany, central Italy.	Bocca d'Arno	Italy
country	Lyngør is a village area on a group of small islands in the municipality of Tvedestrand in Aust-Agder county, off the southeast coast of Norway.	Lyngør	Norway
country	Zmiiv (Ukrainian: Зміїв, Russian: Змиёв) is a city in Kharkiv Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Zmiiv	Ukraine
country	Klępino (klɛmˈpinɔ) (formerly German Klempin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Klępino	Poland
country	Santa Maria Novella is a church in Florence, Italy, situated just across from the main railway station which shares its name.	Santa Maria Novella	Italy
country	Maria Magdalena Church (Swedish: Maria Magdalena kyrka) is a church on Södermalm in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Maria Magdalena Church	Sweden
country	The Alice Springs Public Library is a free public library service in Australia.	Alice Springs Public Library	Australia
country	The O'Brien Group Arena is an Australian ice sports and entertainment centre, located in the Docklands precinct of Melbourne, in Victoria, Australia.	O'Brien Group Arena	Australia
country	The Low German house or Fachhallenhaus is a type of timber-framed farmhouse found in Northern Germany and the Netherlands, which combines living quarters, byre and barn under one roof.	Low German house	Germany
country	Breg ob Savi (pronounced (ˈbɾeːk ɔp ˈsaːʋi)) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River, just south of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Breg ob Savi	Slovenia
country	The 1935 International University Games were organised by the Confederation Internationale des Etudiants (CIE) and held in Budapest, Hungary.	1935 International University Games	Hungary
country	Bajarwala is a small village of Gujrat District in the province of Punjab, Pakistan.	Bajarwala	Pakistan
country	Ballrechten-Dottingen is a small village in Markgräflerland in the southwest of Germany.	Ballrechten-Dottingen	Germany
country	Seyuki (Persian: سيوكي‎, also Romanized as Seyūkī, Sīūkī, and Sīyūkī) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Seyuki	Iran
country	The O-Bahn Busway is a guided busway that is part of the bus rapid transit system servicing the northeastern suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia.	O-Bahn Busway	Australia
country	Ausserbinn is a former municipality of the canton of Valais, Switzerland, and now part of the municipality of Ernen.	Ausserbinn	Switzerland
country	The Skipping Girl Sign or Skipping Girl Vinegar Sign, colloquially known as Little Audrey was the first animated sequence neon sign in Australia.	Skipping Girl Sign	Australia
country	Krzekotów (kʂɛˈkɔtuf) (German: Groß Vorwerk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Krzekotów	Poland
country	Meshkenar (Persian: مشكنار‎, also Romanized as Meshkenār; also known as Mashganār) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Meshkenar	Iran
country	Biesiekierz (bjɛˈɕɛkʲɛʂ) (German Biziker) is a village in Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Biesiekierz	Poland
country	Gravilias de Desamparados is one of the twelve districts of the Canton of Desamparados, San Jose, Costa Rica.	Gravilias de Desamparados	Costa Rica
country	Hajji Sabzan (Persian: حاجي سبزان‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Sabzān; also known as Ḩājjī Sabz) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hajji Sabzan	Iran
country	The University of Nouakchott (French: Université de Nouakchott, Arabic: جامعة نواكشوط‎) is a university in the city of Nouakchott, capital of Mauritania.	University of Nouakchott	Mauritania
country	Markeli (Bulgarian: Маркели; Greek: Μαρκέλλαι, Markellai; Latin: Marcellae) was a medieval Byzantine and Bulgarian frontier stronghold, the ruins of which are located in Karnobat Municipality, Burgas Province, southeastern Bulgaria.	Markeli	Bulgaria
country	Pas Karat (Persian: پس كرات‎, also Romanized as Pas Karāt) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pas Karat	Iran
country	Q'illu Kunka (Quechua q'illu yellow, kunka throat, gullet, ``yellow throat'' or ``yellow gullet'', hispanicized spelling Quello Cunca) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Q'illu Kunka	Peru
country	Dąbrowa-Dzięciel (dɔmˈbrɔva ˈd͡ʑent͡ɕel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dąbrowa-Dzięciel	Poland
country	Valka ( pronunciation ; German: Walk) is a city and municipality in northern Latvia, on the border with Estonia along both banks of the river Pedele.	Valka	Latvia
country	Mankayane is a town located in the Manzini region of Swaziland.	Mankayane	Swaziland
country	Pusti Hrib (pronounced (ˈpuːsti ˈxɾiːp)) is a small settlement in the hills west of Ortnek in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Pusti Hrib	Slovenia
country	The Melchior River is a river of the Federal District in central Brazil.	Melchior River	Brazil
country	Sierra Bermeja is a mountain range in southwestern Puerto Rico.	Sierra Bermeja	Puerto Rico
country	The Colonne di San Lorenzo or Columns of San Lorenzo are prominent Roman ruins, located in front of the Basilica of San Lorenzo in central Milan, region of Lombardy, Italy.	Colonne di San Lorenzo	Italy
country	The Kommunstyrelse (``municipal board'') is the executive branch of local government in each of the 290 municipalities of Sweden.	Kommunstyrelse	Sweden
country	Madlenianum Opera and Theatre is the first privately owned opera and theater company both in Serbia and in south-eastern Europe.	Madlenianum Opera and Theatre	Serbia
country	Fasa (Persian: فسا‎, also Romanized as Fasā and Fassa) is a city in and the capital of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Fasa	Iran
country	Kispest (lit. Little Pest) is the 19th (XIX) district of Budapest, Hungary.	Kispest	Hungary
country	Łabiszynek (wabiˈʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łabiszynek	Poland
country	Ankargränd (Swedish: ``Anchor Alley'') is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden, connecting the streets Trångsund and Prästgatan, just west of church Storkyrkan.	Ankargränd	Sweden
country	Trouillas (Catalan: Trullars) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Trouillas	France
country	Montreal Archipelago Ecological Park (French: Parc Écologique de l’Archipel de Montréal) is a project to create a new National park within an approximate radius of 50 kilometres (31.1 mi) around the Island of Montreal, in Quebec, Canada.	Montreal Archipelago Ecological Park	Canada
country	Paniran (Persian: پنيران‎, also Romanized as Panīrān) is a village in Amirabad Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Paniran	Iran
country	Isortoq Fjord (Danish: Søndre Isortoq) is a fjord in the Qeqqata municipality in western Greenland.	Isortoq Fjord	Greenland
country	The BR-Radltour is supposed to be the largest bicycling event in Germany.	BR-Radltour	Germany
country	The Wonegizi Nature Conservation Unit is a proposed nature reserve in Liberia.	Wonegizi Nature Conservation Unit	Liberia
country	CJMR and CHMB are the only stations in Canada which broadcast on 1320 kHz.	CJMR	Canada
country	Hantumhuizen (West Frisian: Hantumhuzen) is a small village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Hantumhuizen	Netherlands
country	Jalin (Arabic: جلين‎, also spelled Jileen or Jillin) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located northwest of Daraa.	Jalin	Syria
country	Elbląg (ˈɛlblɔŋk) (German: Elbing) is a city in northern Poland on the eastern edge of the Żuławy region with 124,257 inhabitants (December 31, 2011).	Elbląg	Poland
country	Rajo Nizamani is a town in Taluka, Tando Muhammad Khan district, Sindh, Pakistan.	Rajo Nizamani	Pakistan
country	Lipuska Huta (liˈpuska ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipusz, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lipuska Huta	Poland
country	Pachhunga University College (PUC) is a constituent college of Mizoram University, a central university established by an Act of Parliament of India.	Pachhunga University College	India
country	Abi Nam (Persian: ابي نام‎, also Romanized as Ābī Nām; also known as Owyanem and Ūyatem) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Abi Nam	Iran
country	General Díaz is a neighbourhood (barrio) of Asunción, Paraguay.	General Díaz	Paraguay
country	Rawnsley's Bluff is a geological feature in Australia.	Rawnsley's Bluff	Australia
country	Boszkowo-Letnisko (bɔʂˈkɔvɔ lɛtˈniskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Boszkowo-Letnisko	Poland
country	Qezel Qayeh-ye Sofla (Persian: قزل قيه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qezel Qayeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Qayeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	The Rassemblement Wallonie France (Rally Wallonia France, RWF) is a small political party in Belgium.	Rassemblement Wallonie France	Belgium
country	Gulshan-e-Maymar (Urdu: گلشن معمار ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gadap Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Gulshan-e-Maymar	Pakistan
country	The Adam Beck Memorial is a memorial in Toronto, Ontario, Canada in honour of the founder of Ontario Hydro, Sir Adam Beck.	Adam Beck Memorial	Canada
country	Kahart (Persian: كهرت‎, also Romanized as Kahrt; also known as Kamart, Kert, and Khirt) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Khvansar County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kahart	Iran
country	Mafruzly is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mafruzly	Azerbaijan
country	Widdebierg is a hill in the commune of Betzdorf, in eastern Luxembourg.	Widdebierg	Luxembourg
country	Chittagong University College (চট্টগ্রাম বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় কলেজ) (CUC) is an institute for primary, secondary and higher secondary education in Chittagong, Bangladesh.	Chittagong University College	Bangladesh
country	Caustic Truths is a print magazine distributed in Canada and select US locations.	Caustic Truths	Canada
country	In 2002, WorkVentures was one of the four organisations that established Social Ventures Australia.	WorkVentures	Australia
country	Lake Ambussel is a lake on the Lossogonoi Plateau in Tanzania.	Lake Ambussel	Tanzania
country	Guangshui (simplified Chinese: 广水; traditional Chinese: 廣水; pinyin: Guǎngshuǐ) is a city of approximately 137,000 inhabitants located in northeastern Hubei province, People's Republic of China, near the border with Henan province.	Guangshui	People's Republic of China
country	Central Cemetery of Bogotá (Spanish: Cementerio Central de Bogotá) is one of the main and most famous cemeteries in Colombia located in Bogotá.	Central Cemetery of Bogotá	Colombia
country	Dayrabun (Syriac: ܕܝܪ ܐܒܘܢܐ, Arabic: ديربون‎) is an Assyrian town in the Dohuk Governorate in Northern Iraq.	Dayrabun	Iraq
country	The Palace of Cienfuegos de Peñalba arises on a hill near Pola de Allande, capital of the Allande Municipality of Asturias, Spain.	Palace of Cienfuegos de Peñalba	Spain
country	Radoryż Smolany (raˈdɔrɨʂ smɔˈlanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywda, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Radoryż Smolany	Poland
country	The Keats-Shelley Memorial House is a writer's house museum in Rome, Italy, commemorating the Romantic poets John Keats and Percy Bysshe Shelley.	Keats-Shelley Memorial House	Italy
country	The Igaraçu River, also called the Igarassu River, is a distributary of the Parnaíba River in northern Piauí state in Brazil.	Igaraçu River	Brazil
country	Aghababaei Expressway (Persian: بزرگراه شهید آقابابایی‎) is an expressway in northeastern Isfahan, Iran.	Aghababaei Expressway	Iran
country	The Saxon Railway Museum (Sächsisches Eisenbahnmuseum or SEM) is located in Chemnitz, in the state of Saxony, eastern Germany.	Saxon Railway Museum	Germany
country	Dymacz (ˈdɨmat͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dymacz	Poland
country	Podtureň Viaduct (Slovak: Most Podtureň/Viadukt Podtureň) is a 1 035 m long highway bridge in northern Slovakia, located on the D1 motorway, around 10 km east of Liptovský Mikuláš.	Podtureň Viaduct	Slovakia
country	Gexin Avenue Subdistrict (Chinese: 革新街街道; pinyin: Géxīn jiē Jiēdào; literally: ``innovation'') is a subdistrict and the seat of Xinhua District, in the heart of Shijiazhuang, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Gexin Avenue Subdistrict	People's Republic of China
country	V Zideh (pronounced (w ziˈdeːx)) is a settlement east of Trojane in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	V Zideh	Slovenia
country	Skaupsjøen is a lake in the municipalities of Eidfjord in Hordaland county and Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county, Norway.	Skaupsjøen	Norway
country	Varavis (Persian: ورويس‎, also Romanized as Varavīs) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Varavis	Iran
country	Hollymount (Irish: Maolla) is a village on the R331 regional road in County Mayo, Ireland.	Hollymount	Ireland
country	Warmiqucha (Quechua warmi woman, wife, qucha lake, ``woman's lake'', hispanicized spelling Huarmicocha) is a large lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region, Huancavelica Province, Acobambilla District.	Warmiqucha	Peru
country	Szałwinek (ʂau̯ˈvinɛk) (German: Schadewinkel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szałwinek	Poland
country	Karkh or Al-Karkh (Arabic: الكرخ) is historically the name of the western half of Baghdad, Iraq, or alternatively, the western shore of the Tigris River as it ran through Baghdad.	Karkh	Iraq
country	Los Hornos is a distinct neighbourhood (``barrio'') in La Plata, Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Los Hornos	Argentina
country	Park Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located in Alberta, Canada, 18 km (11 mi) north of Lethbridge.	Park Lake Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Churches on the Hill are an ecumenical group of Christian churches in the Yonge and St. Clair area of Toronto, Canada, who work together on projects such as the Churches on-the-Hill Food Bank and other outreach projects to aid the local and wider community.	Churches on the Hill	Canada
country	Lubukraya is an andesitic stratovolcano on Sumatra island, Indonesia.	Lubukraya	Indonesia
country	Borča (Serbian Cyrillic: Борча, pronounced (bɔ̂ːrt͡ʃa)) is an urban settlement near Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Borča	Serbia
country	Mikawa Bay (三河湾 Mikawa-wan) is a bay to the south of Aichi Prefecture, Japan, surrounded by Chita Peninsula to the west and Atsumi Peninsula to the east and south.	Mikawa Bay	Japan
country	Falkenbergs Motorbana is a motor racing circuit at Bergagård, Sweden.	Falkenbergs Motorbana	Sweden
country	The Massís de l'Ardenya, also known as Massís de Cadiretes after the main range in the mountainous area, is a massif in the Costa Brava region, Catalonia, Spain.	Massís de l'Ardenya	Spain
country	Farnes Church (Norwegian: Farnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Årdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Farnes Church	Norway
country	Hanadi (Arabic: هنادي‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located south of Latakia.	Hanadi	Syria
country	Ambatondrazaka Suburbaine is a town and rural commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.	Ambatondrazaka Suburbaine	Madagascar
country	The Portoscuso Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Portoscuso, Sardinia, Italy.	Portoscuso Wind Farm	Italy
country	Quiíndy (Guaraní: Ki'indy) is a district in the Paraguarí Department of Paraguay, 103 kilometers from Asunción.	Quiíndy	Paraguay
country	Jomjomeh (Persian: جمجمه‎) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jomjomeh	Iran
country	Pokrashen (Armenian: Փոքրաշեն; formerly, Lernantsk, Keti Verkhniye, and Pokr Keti) is a village in Shirak Province, Armenia.	Pokrashen	Armenia
country	Hajj Mariyeh (Persian: حاج مريح‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Marīyeḥ) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hajj Mariyeh	Iran
country	Bolokhovo (Russian: Бо́лохово) is a town in Kireyevsky District of Tula Oblast, Russia, located on the Olen River (Oka's basin), 20 kilometers (12 mi) southeast of Tula, the administrative center of the oblast.	Bolokhovo	Russia
country	Hoseynabad-e Khan Qoli (Persian: حسين ابادخان قلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Khān Qolī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dadin Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Khan Qoli	Iran
country	The 1918 Vancouver Island earthquake occurred in British Columbia, Canada at 12:41 a.m. Pacific Standard Time on December 6.	1918 Vancouver Island earthquake	Canada
country	Zavareh Kuh (Persian: زواره كوه‎, also Romanized as Zavāreh Kūh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zavareh Kuh	Iran
country	San Juan del Rebollar is a small town of the province of Zamora, in north-western Spain.	San Juan del Rebollar	Spain
country	Valentano is a town and comune of the province of Viterbo, in the Lazio region of central Italy.	Valentano	Italy
country	Sandy Point Airport (ICAO: MYAS) is an airstrip serving Sandy Point on Abaco Island in The Bahamas.	Sandy Point Airport	The Bahamas
country	Nachipalayam is a small village located 5 km south of Vellakoil, Tiruppur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Nachipalayam	India
country	Hergest Ridge is a large elongated hill which traverses the border between England and Wales in the United Kingdom, between the town of Kington in Herefordshire and the village of Gladestry in Powys.	Hergest Ridge	United Kingdom
country	Ni Putes Ni Soumises (Neither Whores nor Doormats) is a French feminist movement, founded in 2002, which has secured the recognition of the French press and the National Assembly of France.	Ni Putes Ni Soumises	France
country	Nshkhark (Armenian: Նշխարք); formerly known with its Russian name Yanykhskiy Sovkhoz and Yanegh, is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Nshkhark	Armenia
country	Waiotapu (Māori for ``sacred waters'') is an active geothermal area at the southern end of the Okataina Volcanic Centre, just north of the Reporoa caldera, in New Zealand's Taupo Volcanic Zone.	Waiotapu	New Zealand
country	The Red River Floodway is an artificial flood control waterway in Western Canada, first used in 1969.	Red River Floodway	Canada
country	Tshaneni is a town in northern Swaziland, near the border post on the South African border.	Tshaneni	Swaziland
country	Goričane (pronounced (ɡɔɾiˈtʃaːnɛ); German: Görtschach) is a settlement northwest of Ljubljana in Slovenia.	Goričane	Slovenia
country	The Buenos Aires Stock Exchange (BCBA; Spanish: Bolsa de Comercio de Buenos Aires) is the organization responsible for the operation of Argentina's primary stock exchange located at Buenos Aires CBD.	Buenos Aires Stock Exchange	Argentina
country	Działyński Palace in Poznań, Poland is a Baroque palace built in 1773 - 1776.	Działyński Palace	Poland
country	Before the founding of the State of Israel, Prime Minister to-be David Ben-Gurion saw Mamshit as the capital of the future country, which dovetailed with his dream of settling the Negev Desert.	Mamshit	Israel
country	Khasareh (Persian: خساره‎, also Romanized as Khasāreh; also known as Ḩasāreh and Khasrakh) is a village in Darram Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Khasareh	Iran
country	Boboshticë (Macedonian: Бобоштица, Boboštica) is a village in the former Drenovë Municipality of the Korçë County in southeastern Albania.	Boboshticë	Albania
country	Szelków (ˈʂɛlkuf) is a village in Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szelków	Poland
country	Tatinghem is a former commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardie region of France.	Tatinghem	France
country	The Hohe Matze, also known as the Hohe Mätze, is a mountain in the southern part of the Fichtel Mountains of central Germany.	Hohe Matze	Germany
country	Lake Hazen is often called the northernmost lake of Canada, in the northern part of Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, but detailed maps show several smaller lakes up to more than 100 km (62 mi) farther north on Canada's northernmost island.	Lake Hazen	Canada
country	Cercal do Alentejo is a parish in the municipality of Santiago do Cacém, Portugal.	Cercal do Alentejo	Portugal
country	The Bạch Đằng River (Vietnamese: Sông Bạch Đằng; also called Bạch Đằng Giang, from 白藤江) is a river in northern Vietnam, located near Hạ Long Bay.	Bạch Đằng River	Vietnam
country	Körösszegapáti or Apateu (Romanian) is a village in Hajdú-Bihar county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	Körösszegapáti	Hungary
country	Guayaquil Department was one of the departments of Gran Colombia.	Guayaquil Department	Gran Colombia
country	Varkaus (before year 1929 Warkaus) is a Middle-Savonian industrial town and municipality of Finland.	Varkaus	Finland
country	MarinaScape is a complex of two residential towers in Dubai Marina in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	MarinaScape	United Arab Emirates
country	Bassel al-Assad Swimming Complex (Arabic: منشأة باسل الأسد للسباحة‎) is a swimming centre in Aleppo, Syria, featuring an indoor Olympic size swimming pool with a seating capacity of 1,100 spectators.	Bassel al-Assad Swimming Complex	Syria
country	Nova Vas pri Markovcih (Slovene: Nova vas pri Markovcih) is a settlement on the regulated left bank of the Drava River in the Municipality of Markovci in northeastern Slovenia.	Nova Vas pri Markovcih	Slovenia
country	Lučići (Cyrillic: Лучићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lučići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Akuliaruseq Peninsula is a peninsula in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Akuliaruseq Peninsula	Greenland
country	Antalya Airport (IATA: AYT, ICAO: LTAI) is an international airport located 13 km (8.1 mi) northeast of the city center of Antalya, Turkey.	Antalya Airport	Turkey
country	Moria Khan Goth (Urdu: موریا خان گوٹھ ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Shah Faisal Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Moria Khan Goth	Pakistan
country	Obbola bridge is a road bridge over Österfjärden that connects Obbola and Holmsund in Sweden.	Obbola bridge	Sweden
country	Dedaye (Burmese: ဒေးဒရဲမြို့ (dédəjɛ́ mjo̰)) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south-west Myanmar.	Dedaye	Myanmar
country	Adelaide Bushwalkers is a bushwalking club based in Adelaide, South Australia.	Adelaide Bushwalkers	Australia
country	Spławce (ˈspwaft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Spławce	Poland
country	The Zolotonoshka River is a small river in central Ukraine.	Zolotonoshka River	Ukraine
country	Wat Thatkhao ('Temple of the White Chedi'; Thai: วัดพระธาตุขาว) is a ruined temple in the Wiang Kum Kam archaeological site, south of Chiangmai in northern Thailand, though to have been built in the 16th or 17th century.	Wat Thatkhao	Thailand
country	Surge Narrows Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the south tip of Maurelle Island and on adjacent islands in the Discovery Islands archipelago in that province's South Coast region.	Surge Narrows Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Tanah Merah railway station is a Malaysian railway station located in Tanah Merah, Malaysia.	Tanah Merah railway station	Malaysia
country	Mojtame-ye Petrushimi Kermanshah (Persian: مجتمع پتروشيمي كرمانشاه‎, also Romanized as Mojtame`-ye Petrūshīmī Kermānshāh) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mojtame-ye Petrushimi Kermanshah	Iran
country	Allassac (Alassac in Occitan) is a French commune in the Corrèze department in the Limousin region of central France.	Allassac	France
country	Zgornji Kamenščak (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnji ˈkaːmɛnʃtʃak)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Zgornji Kamenščak	Slovenia
country	The North American Development Bank (NADB) is a binational financial institution capitalized and governed equally by the Federal Governments of the United States of America and Mexico for the purpose of financing environmental projects certified by the Border Environment Cooperation Commission (BECC).	North American Development Bank	United States of America
country	Murehwa North, also known as Murewa North, is a constituency of Zimbabwe, East of Harare.	Murehwa North	Zimbabwe
country	Zinat (Also known as Sebt zinat constituency/ in Arabic جماعة سبت الزينات) is a village in northern Morocco, situated 20 kilometres east of the city of Tangier, 50 south of the city of Tétouan.	Zinat	Morocco
country	San Vito Lo Capo (Sicilian: San Vitu) is a town and comune in North-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani.	San Vito Lo Capo	Italy
country	Ilave, also known as Illawi, is the capital city of the Ilave District in El Collao Province, in the Puno Region of Peru.	Ilave	Peru
country	Alkira House is widely regarded as one of Melbourne, Australia's most stunning examples of Jazz Moderne Art Deco architecture.	Alkira House	Australia
country	The Volksparkstadion (German pronunciation: (ˈfɔlkspaʁkˈʃtaːdi̯ɔn)) is a football stadium located in Bahrenfeld, Hamburg, Germany.	Volksparkstadion	Germany
country	Trudna (ˈtrudna) (formerly German Kappe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Trudna	Poland
country	Tympy (Russian: Тымпы; Sakha: Тыымпы) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Pervyy Togussky Rural Okrug of Vilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 104 kilometers (65 mi) from Vilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Tympy	Russia
country	Brézina (or Brezina, Arabic: بريزينة) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria.	Brézina	Algeria
country	The Northeast Ecological Corridor Nature Reserve (NECNR) refers to an area designated as a protected Nature Reserve located on the northeast coast of Puerto Rico, between the municipalities of Luquillo and Fajardo.	Northeast Ecological Corridor	Puerto Rico
country	Davud-e Peyghambar (Persian: داودپيغمبر‎, also Romanized as Dāvūd-e Peyghambar, Dāūd Paighambar, Dāvūd Peyghambar, and Dāvūd Peyghamber) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Davud-e Peyghambar	Iran
country	The Social Credit Board was a committee in Alberta, Canada from 1937 until 1948.	Social Credit Board	Canada
country	Jalan Lencongan Timur, or Sungai Petani Eastern Bypass, Federal Route 225, is a major highway bypass in Sungai Petani, Kedah, Malaysia.	Jalan Lencongan Timur	Malaysia
country	Maddegama is a village in the western province, Sri Lanka of Sri Lanka.	Maddegama	Sri Lanka
country	Mount Moroto, also Moroto Mountain (3,083 m or 10,115 ft), is a mountain in Uganda.	Mount Moroto	Uganda
country	The National Fortifications Heritage (Norwegian: Nasjonale festningsverk) is a division with the Norwegian Defence Estates Agency responsible for sixteen military fortifications in Norway designated as heritage sites.	National Fortifications Heritage	Norway
country	Imzouren (Arabic: إمزورن‎) is city in the north of Morocco and has an approximate population of 100,000 people.	Imzouren	Morocco
country	Children's Castle (Lastenlinna) is a children's hospital in Helsinki, Finland.	Children's Castle	Finland
country	Hietalahti shipyard (also known as Helsinki New Shipyard, Finnish: Helsingin uusi telakka) is a shipyard in Hietalahti, in downtown Helsinki, Finland.	Hietalahti shipyard	Finland
country	Riga International Coach Terminal (Latvian: Rīgas Starptautiskā autoosta) is a bus station in Riga, Latvia, for both domestic and international bus lines.	Riga International Coach Terminal	Latvia
country	Katachas (Greek: Καταχάς) is a village in Pieria regional unit, Greece.	Katachas	Greece
country	Méguet is a town in the Méguet Department in Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso.	Méguet	Burkina Faso
country	The Institute of Ismaili Studies (IIS) is a research institute in London, United Kingdom.	Institute of Ismaili Studies	United Kingdom
country	Kwahu is a region in south-central Ghana, or in the eastern region of Ghana, on the west shore of Lake Volta.	Kwahu	Ghana
country	Vuzenica (pronounced (ʋuzɛˈniːtsa)) is a town and a municipality in northern Slovenia.	Vuzenica	Slovenia
country	The Oosterkerk (``eastern church'') is a 17th-Century Dutch Reformed church in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	Oosterkerk	Netherlands
country	AB Thulinverken was a company in Landskrona, Sweden, founded in 1914 as Enoch Thulins Aeroplanfabrik by the airman and aircraft technician Enoch Thulin.	AB Thulinverken	Sweden
country	Fort Desaix is a Vauban fort and one of four forts that protect Fort-de-France, the capital of Martinique.	Fort Desaix	France
country	Elgin County was organized as a separate county in 1851 and named after Lord Elgin, governor-general of Canada.	Elgin County	Canada
country	Ban Noi Sum Khilek (Thai: บ้านน้อยซุ้มขี้เหล็ก) is a subdistrict in the Noen Maprang District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Ban Noi Sum Khilek	Thailand
country	Querença is a former civil parish in the municipality of Loulé, eastern Algarve, Portugal.	Querença	Portugal
country	Amsterdam Science Park is a science park in the Oost city district of Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	Amsterdam Science Park	Netherlands
country	The Dzanga-Ndoki National Park is located in the south-west of the Central African Republic.	Dzanga-Ndoki National Park	Central African Republic
country	Lake Evoron (Russian: Эвopон) is a large freshwater lake in Khabarovsk Krai, Russia.	Lake Evoron	Russia
country	Jordan Misja High School is a public high school located in the major northern city of Shkodra, Albania.	Jordan Misja High School	Albania
country	Hamara (Somali: Xamara) is a town in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia.	Hamara	Somalia
country	Kalaya (Pashto: کلايه‎) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Kalaya	Pakistan
country	Tahati (Persian: تحتي‎, also Romanized as Taḩatī) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tahati	Iran
country	Nahr-e Ebn Naser-e Sofla (Persian: نهرابن ناصرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Ebn Nāṣer-e Soflá; also known as Nahr-e Bennāṣer-e Soflá) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Ebn Naser-e Sofla	Iran
country	Laramani (Aymara larama blue, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with blue color'') is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,922.8 metres (16,151 ft) high.	Laramani	Peru
country	Perumannur is a village situated in the Pathanapuram taluk in the district of Kollam in India.	Perumannur	India
country	Truro and Penwith College is a Tertiary College located in Cornwall in the United Kingdom.	Truro and Penwith College	United Kingdom
country	Fort McPherson Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEU7) was located adjacent to Fort McPherson, Northwest Territories, Canada on the Peel River.	Fort McPherson Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Marsabit National Park is a national park and nature reserve located at Mount Marsabit in northern Kenya, near the town of Marsabit.	Marsabit National Park	Kenya
country	Fintice (Hungarian: Finta) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Fintice	Slovakia
country	Saint-Jean-de-Monts (pronounced: (sɛ̃ ʒɑ̃ dɛ mɔ̃)) is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.	Saint-Jean-de-Monts	France
country	Sokolki parish (Latvian: Sokolku pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Viļāni Municipality, Latvia.	Sokolki parish	Latvia
country	Darzi Gavabar (Persian: درزيگوابر‎, also Romanized as Darzī Gavābar and Darzī Govābar) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Darzi Gavabar	Iran
country	The Cinconcine Lake is located on the west bank of the Saint-Maurice River in the territory of La Tuque, in Mauricie, in Quebec, in Canada.	Cinconcine Lake	Canada
country	Volda Church (Norwegian: Volda kyrkje; Voldskyrkja) is a parish church in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Volda Church	Norway
country	The Territorial Grain Growers' Association (TGGA) was a farmer's association that was active in Western Canada at the start of the 20th century, in what was then the Northwest Territories and later became Saskatchewan and Alberta.	Territorial Grain Growers' Association	Canada
country	Kirkenes Station (Norwegian: Kirkenes stasjon) is a former railway station, located at Kirkenes in Sør-Varanger, Norway, that was the terminus of the Kirkenes--	Kirkenes Station	Norway
country	Berbera District (Somali: Degmada Berbera) is a district of the northwestern Woqooyi Galbeed region in Somalia.	Berbera District	Somalia
country	South Fly District is a district of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.	South Fly District	Papua New Guinea
country	Gmina Szudziałowo is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, on the border with Belarus.	Gmina Szudziałowo	Poland
country	Jens Bang's House (Danish: Jens Bangs Stenhus; translated, ``Jens Bang's Stone House'') is a landmark in Aalborg, Denmark.	Jens Bang's House	Denmark
country	Jovice (Hungarian: Jólész) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle-eastern Slovakia.	Jovice	Slovakia
country	Drinovci (Serbian Cyrillic: Дриновци) is a rural submunicipality and village in the municipality of Grude, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Drinovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Gachan (Persian: گاچن‎, also Romanized as Gāchan) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gachan	Iran
country	Phật Tích Temple (Vietnamese: Chùa Phật Tích, Chinese: 佛跡寺, literally the Temple of Buddhist Relics) is a Buddhist temple located in the south of Phat Tich mountain, Tiên Du District, Bac Ninh Province, Vietnam.	Phật Tích Temple	Vietnam
country	Jizera Mountains (Czech: Jizerské hory) or Izera Mountains (Polish: Góry Izerskie; German: Isergebirge) are part of the Western Sudetes on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland.	Jizera Mountains	Czech Republic
country	The Royal Norwegian Navy (Norwegian: Sjøforsvaret, ``the naval defence (forces)'') is the branch of the Norwegian Armed Forces responsible for naval operations of the state of Norway.	Royal Norwegian Navy	Norway
country	Sultan Bantilan Airport (Indonesian: Bandara Sultan Bantilan) (IATA: TLI, ICAO: WAMI), formerly known as Lalos Airport, is an airport near Toli-Toli, a city in the province of Central Sulawesi on the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia.	Sultan Bantilan Airport	Indonesia
country	Feleches (variant: Thomas Feleches) is a parish (administrative division) in Siero, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Feleches	Spain
country	The University of Molise (Italian: Università degli Studi del Molise), also known as UNIMOL, is an Italian public university located in Campobasso, Italy.	University of Molise	Italy
country	Ajloun Castle (Arabic: قلعة عجلون‎; transliterated: Qal'at 'Ajloun), also known as Qa'lat ar-Rabad, is a 12th-century Muslim castle situated in northwestern Jordan.	Ajloun Castle	Jordan
country	The Kiesinger cabinet was the eighth of the Federal Republic of Germany.	Kiesinger cabinet	Germany
country	Sidi Mahrez Mosque, also known as Mohamed Bey El Mouradi Mosque, is a mosque in Tunis, Tunisia, located in Medina area of the city.	Sidi Mahrez Mosque	Tunisia
country	Högalid Church (Swedish: Högalidskyrkan) is a protected church located in the Södermalm district of Stockholm, Sweden.	Högalid Church	Sweden
country	Kodakara is a small town in Thrissur district of Kerala state in South India.	Kodakara	India
country	Gadget's Go Coaster is a junior roller coaster at the Disneyland theme park in Anaheim, California and Tokyo Disneyland theme park, located in Urayasu, Chiba, Japan, near Tokyo.	Gadget's Go Coaster	Japan
country	Kerstan (Persian: كرستان‎, also Romanized as Kerstān; also known as Kerīstān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kerstan	Iran
country	Cercina is a frazione (rural borough) of the municipality of Sesto Fiorentino, in the province of Florence, central Italy, located on the slopes of Mount Morello.	Cercina	Italy
country	Thurston Gardens are the botanical gardens of Fiji.	Thurston Gardens	Fiji
country	The Doon School (informally Doon School or Doon) is a boys-only independent boarding school in Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India.	The Doon School	India
country	Topraqlu (Persian: تپراقلو‎, also Romanized as Toprāqlū; also known as Tūprāqlū and Tūryākhlū) is a village in Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Topraqlu	Iran
country	Maicolpue or Maicolpué is a settlement and beach located at coast of Osorno Province, southern Chile.	Maicolpue	Chile
country	Khanimeh-ye Bala (Persian: خنيمه بالا‎, also Romanized as Khanīmeh-ye Bālā; also known as Khanīmeh-ye ''Olyā) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khanimeh-ye Bala	Iran
country	Inhaca Island (Ilha da Inhaca in Portuguese) is a subtropical island of Mozambique off the East African coast.	Inhaca Island	Mozambique
country	Al Quoz (Arabic: القوز‎), or Al Goze, is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Quoz	United Arab Emirates
country	Eko-Ende (or Eko Onde, Eko-Oyinde) is a community in the Ifelodun Local Government Area of Ọṣun State, Nigeria.	Eko-Ende	Nigeria
country	The Eastern Waiotauru River, also known as the Snowy River is a river of New Zealand.	Eastern Waiotauru River	New Zealand
country	Masthamnen and Yttre Masthamnen are the eastern extension of the Stadsgårdshamnen in Södermalm, Stockholm, Sweden.	Masthamnen	Sweden
country	Mali Koren (pronounced (ˈmaːli ˈkoːɾɛn); German: Kleinwurzen) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Mali Koren	Slovenia
country	Aghbolagh-e Mokhur (Persian: اغبلاغ مخور‎, also Romanized as Āghbolāgh-e Mokhūr; also known as Āqbolāgh) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District, Qarah Quyun District, Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghbolagh-e Mokhur	Iran
country	Darbid-e Sofla (Persian: داربيد سفلي‎, also Romanized as Dārbīd-e Soflá; also known as Dārbīd-e Pā’īn and Bīzhanvand-e Soflá) is a village in Qalayi Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darbid-e Sofla	Iran
country	Dakoha is a village in the Jalandhar Cantonment of the state of Punjab, northwest India.	Dakoha	India
country	Taroa Airfield was a major air base approximately three miles long and one mile wide on Maloelap Atoll in the Marshall Islands.	Taroa Airfield	Marshall Islands
country	The Museum of the Riverina is a local history museum in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia.	Museum of the Riverina	Australia
country	Arvaikheer Airport (IATA: AVK, ICAO: ZMAH) is a public airport located in Arvaikheer, the capital of Övörkhangai Province in Mongolia.	Arvaikheer Airport	Mongolia
country	Malargüe (Spanish pronunciation: (maˈlarɣwe)) is a city in the southwest part of province of Mendoza, Argentina, about 370 km south of the provincial capital Mendoza.	Malargüe	Argentina
country	Sitria (Hebrew: סתריה‎) is a moshav in central Israel.	Sitria	Israel
country	Dashtaog (also, Dashtagog) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dashtaog	Azerbaijan
country	The International Cartoonists Exhibition is an annual art exhibition held in Rapallo, Liguria, Italy.	International Cartoonists Exhibition	Italy
country	The Real Casa de la Aduana (Spanish: Real Casa de la Aduana means royal customs house) is the headquarters of Spain's Ministry of Economy and Finance.	Real Casa de la Aduana	Spain
country	La Scala Theatre Ballet School (Italian: Scuola di Ballo del Teatro alla Scala) is one of the leading classical ballet schools in the world and is the associate school of La Scala Theatre Ballet, an international ballet company based at La Scala in Milan, Italy.	La Scala Theatre Ballet School	Italy
country	The Atwater Library is an independent community library in Westmount, Quebec, Canada.	Atwater Library	Canada
country	Torre Europarco (English: ``Europarco Tower'') is a high-rise building in Rome, Italy.	Torre Europarco	Italy
country	Ngab or Ngabe is a community in Cameroon, just to the north of Tombel in the Southwest Region, in the country of the Bakossi people.	Ngab	Cameroon
country	Pesnopoy (Bulgarian: Песнопой) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Pesnopoy	Bulgaria
country	Lanzen-Turnau Airport (German: Flugplatz Lanzen-Turnau, ICAO: LOGL) is a private use airport located 1 kilometre (1 mi) west of Turnau, Styria, Austria.	Lanzen-Turnau Airport	Austria
country	Demala Hatpattu or Demala Pattu or Demala Pattuva was a medieval and pre colonial division of Sri Lanka.	Demala Hatpattu	Sri Lanka
country	Apatin Brewery (Serbian: Apatinska pivara / Апатинска пивара), a member of the Molson Coors Europe, is a Serbian brewery based in Apatin, Serbia.	Apatin Brewery	Serbia
country	Ismat Gayibov Stadium, also referred as Bakikhanov Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bakikhanov settlement of Baku, Azerbaijan.	Ismat Gayibov Stadium	Azerbaijan
country	Tanjungpura Kingdom is a name of an ancient kingdom located in the Ketapang Regency of West Kalimantan province of Indonesia.	Tanjungpura Kingdom	Indonesia
country	Juvanzé is a communes in the Aube department in the Champagne-Ardenne region in north-central France.	Juvanzé	France
country	The Regiment Huzaren van Boreel is an armoured regiment of the Royal Netherlands Army, named for Willem Francois Boreel.	Regiment Huzaren van Boreel	Netherlands
country	Beit She'arim (Hebrew: בֵּית שְׁעָרִים, lit. House of Gates) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Beit She'arim	Israel
country	The Cochiquito Volcanic Group is a small volcanic group of volcanoes north of the town of Buta Ranquil in Argentina.	Cochiquito Volcanic Group	Argentina
country	Książki (ˈkɕɔ̃ʂki) (German: Hohenkirch) is a village in Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Książki	Poland
country	The Chingford Stables are located in North East Valley, Dunedin, New Zealand.	Chingford Stables	New Zealand
country	Eilvese transmitter was a facility of Transradio AG for intercontinental VLF transmission of telegrams at Eilvese, Germany.	Eilvese transmitter	Germany
country	Kojid (Persian: كجيد‎, also Romanized as Kojīd and Kejīd; also known as Kūjed) is a village in Kojid Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kojid	Iran
country	Kaneh Varcheh (Persian: كنه ورچه‎) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kaneh Varcheh	Iran
country	Château de Colombières is a medieval castle built during the 14th century in France.	Château de Colombières	France
country	Khatav is a town and taluka (administrative division) located in the Phaltan subdivision of the Satara district, India.	Khatav	India
country	Gialova (Greek: Γιάλοβα) is a village on Navarino Bay in the municipality of Pylos-Nestor in the regional unit of Messenia in the south-west Peloponnese, Greece, about six kilometres north of Pylos.	Gialova	Greece
country	Barwanah (Arabic: بروانة) is a town in Al-Anbar province in Iraq.	Barwanah	Iraq
country	Lac de Villeneuve-de-la-Raho is a lake located in the town of Villeneuve-de-la-Raho in Pyrénées-Orientales, France.	Lac de Villeneuve-de-la-Raho	France
country	The University of Surrey is a public research university located within the county town of Guildford, Surrey, in the South East of England, United Kingdom.	University of Surrey	United Kingdom
country	The Mouse Tower (Mäuseturm) is a stone tower on a small island in the Rhine, outside Bingen am Rhein, Germany.	Mouse Tower	Germany
country	Monestir de Sant Feliu de Guíxols is a Benedictine monastery in Sant Feliu de Guíxols, in the comarca of the Baix Empordà in Catalonia, Spain.	Monestir de Sant Feliu de Guíxols	Spain
country	The University of West Bohemia (Czech: Západočeská Univerzita v Plzni, ZČU) is a university in Pilsen, Czech Republic.	University of West Bohemia	Czech Republic
country	Łazienkowski Bridge (Polish: Most Łazienkowski) is a five-span steel bridge, across the Vistula in Warsaw, Poland.	Łazienkowski Bridge	Poland
country	The Emperor's Mosque (Bosnian: Careva Džamija, Turkish: Hünkâr Camii) is an important landmark in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, being the first mosque to be built (1457) after the Ottoman conquest of Bosnia.	Emperor's Mosque	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Berlin Wriezener Bahnhof was a passenger railway terminus in Berlin, Germany.	Berlin Wriezener Bahnhof	Germany
country	Tsukiji (築地) is a district of Chūō, Tokyo, Japan, the site of the Tsukiji fish market.	Tsukiji	Japan
country	The National Motor Museum, Birdwood, is an automobile museum in Birdwood, South Australia.	National Motor Museum, Birdwood	Australia
country	Arco del Pópulo is an archway of the city of Cádiz, southern Spain.	Arco del Pópulo	Spain
country	The Sweetgrass First Nation is a Cree First Nation reserve in Cut Knife, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Sweetgrass First Nation	Canada
country	Ura e Shtrenjtë is a small village in the valley of the river Kir in northern Albania.	Ura e Shtrenjtë	Albania
country	Stjärnsund is a village in Dalarna County, Sweden, with 161 inhabitants in 2010.	Stjärnsund	Sweden
country	Macajalar Bay is a deep water bay of the Bohol Sea, located north of the province of Misamis Oriental on Mindanao Island, in the southern part of the Philippines.	Macajalar Bay	Philippines
country	Avon Yard, originally known as the Avon Marshalling Yard (also sometimes known as Avon Railway Yard) is a railway yard west of Northam, Western Australia.	Avon Yard	Australia
country	Nedroma (Arabic: ندرومة‎) is a city in Tlemcen Province, Algeria.	Nedroma	Algeria
country	Selmsdorf is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany located east of Lübeck.	Selmsdorf	Germany
country	The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA) is a Canadian single-industry trade association that represents over 100,000 real estate brokers, agents and salespeople, working through approximately 100 real estate boards and associations across Canada.	Canadian Real Estate Association	Canada
country	Danah Misi (Persian: دانه ميسي‎, also Romanized as Dānah Mīsī) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Danah Misi	Iran
country	In 1882 approximately one thousand of Portuguese settlers came from the island of Madeira to the area of current-day Lubango, Angola.	Lubango	Angola
country	Tomsk Bogashevo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Богашёво) (IATA: TOF, ICAO: UNTT) is an airport that serves Tomsk, Russia.	Bogashevo Airport	Russia
country	Gilewo (ɡiˈlɛvɔ) (German: Wilhelmshof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gilewo	Poland
country	La Queue-les-Yvelines (official spelling) (written as La Queue-lez-Yvelines by municipality) is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.	La Queue-les-Yvelines	France
country	Cambridge School Noida (CSN) is a senior secondary school located in sector-27, NOIDA, India.	Cambridge School Noida	India
country	Amritsar ( pronunciation ; Punjabi: ਅੰਮ੍ਰਿਤਸਰ; Punjabi pronunciation: (əmːɾɪt̪səɾ)), historically also known as Rāmdāspur and colloquially as Ambarsar, is a city in north-western part in India and the administrative headquarters of the Amritsar district in the state of Punjab.	Amritsar	India
country	Choum is a town in northern Mauritania, lying in the Adrar Region close to the border with the Western Sahara (Non-Self-Governing Territory).	Choum	Mauritania
country	Mountbatten MRT Station (CC7) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in Singapore, serving the area of Kallang.	Mountbatten MRT Station	Singapore
country	Procisne (prɔˈt͡ɕisnɛ) (Ukrainian: Протісне, Protisne) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Procisne	Poland
country	The Union Christian College, Aluva (known as UC College) is an educational institution in Kerala, India.	Union Christian College, Aluva	India
country	Tomsk (Russian: Томск; IPA: (tomsk)) is a city and the administrative center of Tomsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Tom River.	Tomsk	Russia
country	Sabogal River (Spanish pronunciation: (saβoˈɣal)) is a river of Costa Rica.	Sabogal River	Costa Rica
country	The 2011 Presidents Cup was the ninth Presidents Cup, held 17--20 November in Australia at the Royal Melbourne Golf Club in Black Rock, Victoria, a suburb southeast of Melbourne.	2011 Presidents Cup	Australia
country	The Tapanui Branch was a railway line located near the border of the regions of Southland and Otago, New Zealand.	Tapanui Branch	New Zealand
country	Lop Nur or Lop Nor (from a Mongolian name meaning ``Lop Lake'') is a former salt lake in China, now largely dried-up, located between the Taklamakan and Kumtag deserts in the southeastern portion of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region in the People's Republic of China.	Lop Nur	People's Republic of China
country	Brussels Airport (IATA: BRU, ICAO: EBBR) (also called Brussel-Nationaal / Bruxelles-National (Brussels-National) or Brussel-Zaventem) is an international airport 6 NM (11 km; 6.9 mi) northeast of Brussels, the capital of Belgium.	Brussels Airport	Belgium
country	Ponte Umberto I, also known as Ponte Umberto, is a bridge that links Piazza di Ponte Umberto I to Piazza dei Tribunali in Rome (Italy), in the rioni Ponte and Prati.	Ponte Umberto I	Italy
country	Tāne Mahuta is a giant kauri tree (Agathis australis) in the Waipoua Forest of Northland Region, New Zealand.	Tāne Mahuta	New Zealand
country	Suhindol (Сухиндол) is a town in north central Bulgaria, part of Veliko Tarnovo Province.	Suhindol	Bulgaria
country	Oinountas (Greek: Οινούντας) is a former municipality in Laconia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Oinountas	Greece
country	Dowjangan Morghak (Persian: دوجنگان مرغك‎, also Romanized as Dowjangān Morghak; also known as Do Jangān, Do Jengān, Dowjangān, Jangān, and Jengān) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dowjangan Morghak	Iran
country	Chikil (Azerbaijani: Çigil adasi), also known as Oblivnoy, is an uninhabited island off the Bay of Baku, Azerbaijan.	Chikil	Azerbaijan
country	Airoux (Occitan: Airós) is a French commune in the Aude department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region of southern France.	Airoux	France
country	Wawatay Native Communications Society (Wawatay for short) was formed in 1974 by the people of Northern Ontario, Canada's Nishnawbe Aski Nation, as a source of communications technology, namely radio, television, and print media services for the Oji-Cree communities.	Wawatay Native Communications Society	Canada
country	Zedea (Armenian: Զեդեա; formerly, Zeyta and Zeita) is a small mountain hamlet in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Zedea	Armenia
country	Ulbersdorf is a village in Saxon Switzerland in the district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge in southeastern Saxony, Germany.	Ulbersdorf	Germany
country	The Institut national de l’information géographique et forestière (National Institute of Geographic and Forestry Information), previously Institut géographique national (National Geographic Institute) or IGN is a French public state administrative establishment founded in 1940 to produce and maintain geographical information for France and its overseas departments and territories.	Institut géographique national	France
country	The Pensions Commission was a non-departmental public body in the United Kingdom, reporting to the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, set up to keep under review the regime for UK private pensions and long-term savings.	Pensions Commission	United Kingdom
country	Langkaan is a barangay located on the south-western part of Dasmariñas in Cavite, Philippines.	Langkaan	Philippines
country	Kasserine (Arabic: ڨصرين‎ Gaṣrīn) is the capital city of the Kasserine Governorate, in west-central Tunisia.	Kasserine	Tunisia
country	Lilongwe River is a river in Malawi, it flows through Lilongwe, the capital of the country.	Lilongwe River	Malawi
country	Emmersbæk railway halt (Danish: Emmersbæk Trinbræt; previously Terpet railway halt) is a railway halt serving the southern part of the town of Hirtshals, Denmark.	Emmersbæk railway halt	Denmark
country	Osina Wielka (ɔˈɕina ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Osina Wielka	Poland
country	Raveni (Greek: Ραβενή) is a village in Thesprotia, Greece.	Raveni	Greece
country	Jalari is one of the villages in Nadaun of Hamirpur, India.	Jalari	India
country	Atsicholos (Greek: Ατσίχολος) is a mountain village in the municipal unit Gortyna, Arcadia, Greece.	Atsicholos	Greece
country	Iławka (German: Eylenz) is a small river in Poland, in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship.	Iławka	Poland
country	Pöhlde is a village in southern Lower Saxony in Germany.	Pöhlde	Germany
country	Svietlahorsk (Belarusian: Светлаго́рск, (sʲvʲetɫaˈɣorsk), until 1961 Šacilki, Belarusian: Шацілкі) is a town in the Svietlahorsk District of Gomel Region of Belarus, the administrative center of the rajon (district).	Svietlahorsk	Belarus
country	The glacier on Chacaltaya served as Bolivia's only ski resort.	Chacaltaya	Bolivia
country	The 14th arrondissement of Paris (also known as ``arrondissement de l'Observatoire'') is one of the 20 arrondissements (administrative districts) of the capital city of France.	14th arrondissement of Paris	France
country	Lifou Island or Drehu in the local language is the largest, most populous and most important island of the Loyalty Islands (Loyalty Islands Province), in the archipelago of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Lifou Island	France
country	The PO Corrèze (POC) is a former metre-gauge railway in the Corrèze department in central France.	PO Corrèze	France
country	The YGCO Chiyoda Station (YGCO: Yamaneko Group of Comet Observers) is an astronomical observatory based in Chiyoda, Gunma, Japan.	YGCO Chiyoda Station	Japan
country	Kurmenty is a village in the Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Kurmenty	Kyrgyzstan
country	Blessington, historically known as Ballycomeen (Irish: Baile Coimín, meaning ``town of Comyn'', from the Irish surname Ó Coimín), is a town on the River Liffey in Wicklow, Ireland, near the border with Kildare.	Blessington	Ireland
country	The Pfalzbau is a convention center located in Ludwigshafen, Germany.	Pfalzbau	Germany
country	The County of Foix (French pronunciation: ​(fwa)) was an independent medieval fief in southern France, and later a province of France, whose territory corresponded roughly the eastern part of the modern département of Ariège (the western part of Ariège being Couserans).	County of Foix	France
country	Nekemte (Oromo: Naqamtee; also called Nakamti, ) is a market town and separate woreda in western Ethiopia.	Nekemte	Ethiopia
country	Aqchari (Persian: اقچري‎‎, also Romanized as Āqcharī and Āqjarī) is a village in Ziaran Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Aqchari	Iran
country	Lobeznos (``Wolverines'' in English) is a village belonging to the municipality of Pedralba de la Pradería, in the province of Zamora, Spain.	Lobeznos	Spain
country	Crkvice (Serbian/Montenegrin Cyrillic: Црквице, pronounced (t͡sř̩kv̞it͡sɛ)) is a village (42.34N 18.38E) on Orjen mountain in Montenegro and is the wettest inhabited place in Europe (although uninhabited locations such as Mýrdalsjökull in Iceland may receive significantly more precipitation).	Crkvice	Montenegro
country	Bantanto is a town on Maccarthy Island in central Gambia.	Bantanto	Gambia
country	Tacen (pronounced (ˈtaːtsən); in older sources also Tacenj, German: Tazen) is a formerly independent settlement in the northwest part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Tacen	Slovenia
country	Kinkala is a town located in southeastern Republic of the Congo.	Kinkala	Republic of the Congo
country	Mount Manengouba (also spelled Manenguba or Mwanenguba) is a volcano in the Southwest Province of Cameroon.	Mount Manengouba	Cameroon
country	Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Kannur is a senior secondary school in Kannur, Kerala, India.	Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Kannur	India
country	Jethabhai's Stepwell or Jethabhai ni Vav, is a stepwell in Isanpur area of Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Jethabhai's Stepwell	India
country	Kalamaja (Estonian for Fish House; German: Fischermay) is a subdistrict of the district of Põhja-Tallinn (Northern Tallinn) in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Kalamaja	Estonia
country	Helsinki Cathedral (Finnish: Helsingin tuomiokirkko, Suurkirkko; Swedish: Helsingfors domkyrka, Storkyrkan) is the Finnish Evangelical Lutheran cathedral of the Diocese of Helsinki, located in the neighbourhood of Kruununhaka in the centre of Helsinki, Finland.	Helsinki Cathedral	Finland
country	The Thiruvanvandoor Mahavishnu Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Vishnu and located in Thiruvanvandoor, Alappuzha District, Kerala, South India.	Thiruvanvandoor Mahavishnu Temple	India
country	The Ohura River is a river of the western North Island of New Zealand.	Ohura River	New Zealand
country	The Sorbonne is an edifice of the Latin Quarter, in Paris, France, which was the historical house of the former University of Paris.	Sorbonne	France
country	Lowmac is a United Kingdom railway term for a design of low-floored ('well') wagon.	Lowmac	United Kingdom
country	Shirkaj (Persian: شيركاج‎, also Romanized as Shīrkāj) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shirkaj	Iran
country	Vavrinec (Hungarian: Lőrincvágása) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Vavrinec	Slovakia
country	Green Seamount is a small seamount (an underwater volcano) off the western coast of Mexico.	Green Seamount	Mexico
country	Cascades Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CTY3), is located 1.7 nautical miles (3.1 km; 2.0 mi) north of Cascades on the Gatineau River, Quebec, Canada and is open from the middle of April until the middle of December.	Cascades Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Stordal Church (Norwegian: Stordal kyrkje) is a parish church in Stordal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Stordal Church	Norway
country	Aerospace Testing Alliance (ATA) is an aerospace engineering company in the United States of America.	Aerospace Testing Alliance	United States of America
country	The Östersund Ski Stadium (Swedish: Östersunds skidstadion) is a cross-country skiing, biathlon and ski orienteering facility in Östersund, Sweden.	Östersund Ski Stadium	Sweden
country	Povčeno (pronounced (ˈpoːu̯tʃɛnɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Povčeno	Slovenia
country	Mannadipattu (Tamil: மண்ணாடிப்பட்டு) is a Village, Commune and Assembly Constituency in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India.	Mannadipattu	India
country	Puerto Jiménez is the largest town on the Osa Peninsula, Puntarenas Province, Costa Rica with a population of 1,780.	Puerto Jiménez	Costa Rica
country	Shesh Khaneh (Persian: شش خانه‎, also Romanized as Shesh Khāneh) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shesh Khaneh	Iran
country	Xochitepec is a municipio (municipality) of the state of Morelos, in central Mexico.	Xochitepec	Mexico
country	Turagua is a tiny town located in the state of Aragua, Venezuela.	Turagua	Venezuela
country	The Baloué River (French: Fleuve Baloué, from the Manding for ``Red River'') is a river in Mali in West Africa.	Baloué River	Mali
country	The Smestow Brook, sometimes called the River Smestow, is a small river that plays an important part in the drainage of Wolverhampton, South Staffordshire, and parts of Dudley in the United Kingdom, and has contributed to the industrial development of the Black Country.	Smestow Brook	United Kingdom
country	Ukarumpa is an international community that is the main center for Summer Institute of Linguistics (SIL), located in the Eastern Highlands Province of Papua New Guinea.	Ukarumpa	Papua New Guinea
country	Niinivesi is a medium-sized lake of Finland and it belongs to the Kymijoki main catchment area.	Niinivesi	Finland
country	The Ruwanwelisaya is a stupa in Sri Lanka, considered a marvel for its architectural qualities and sacred to many Buddhists all over the world.	Ruwanwelisaya	Sri Lanka
country	Kuželjevec (pronounced (ˈkuːʒɛljɛʋəts)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Kuželjevec	Slovenia
country	Berdigestyakh (Russian: Бердигестях; Yakut: Бэрдьигэстээх) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Gorny District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Berdigestyakh	Russia
country	Freetown Sibun is a populated settlement located in the nation of Belize.	Freetown Sibun	Belize
country	Ravne pri Žireh (pronounced (ˈɾaːu̯nɛ pɾi ʒiˈɾeːx)) is a small settlement in the hills south of Žiri in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ravne pri Žireh	Slovenia
country	The regeneration of Cardiff Bay is now widely regarded as one of the most successful regeneration projects in the United Kingdom.	Cardiff Bay	United Kingdom
country	Amanullapur is a village in Chandpur District in the Chittagong Division of eastern Bangladesh.	Amanullapur	Bangladesh
country	Bizdan (Persian: بيزدان‎, also Romanized as Bīzdān; also known as Bīzāb) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bizdan	Iran
country	Yaganti is located in the Kurnool District in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India, approximately 100 km from the city of Kurnool.	Yaganti	India
country	Çay Tumas (also, Çaytumas and Chaytumas) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çay Tumas	Azerbaijan
country	Hontianske Nemce (Hungarian: Hontnémeti) is a village and municipality in the Krupina District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Hontianske Nemce	Slovakia
country	Chany (Russian: Ча́ны) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Chanovsky District of Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia.	Chany	Russia
country	The Royal Observatory, Cape of Good Hope, is the oldest continuously existing scientific institution in South Africa.	Royal Observatory, Cape of Good Hope	South Africa
country	Jajmau (Hindi: जाजमऊ) (Urdu: جاج مو), also known as Jajesmow, is a suburb of Kanpur, India.	Jajmau	India
country	Chacras de Paysandú, which means ``Ranches of Paysandú'', is a wide but sparsely populated rural area, which is an east and southeast extension of the city of Paysandú in the Paysandú Department of western Uruguay.	Chacras de Paysandú	Uruguay
country	The Kulbehra River is a river in Chhindwara District of Madhya Pradesh state, India.	Kulbehra River	India
country	Kharkara is a village in Behror Tehsil in Alwar District in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Kharkara	India
country	Abkhvor (Persian: آبخور‎, also Romanized as Ābkhvor; also known as Āb-i-Kūri, Ābkhowrī, Ābkhvorī, and Āb Kūrī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Abkhvor	Iran
country	Kneese is a municipality in the south west of the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in the Federal State of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Kneese	Germany
country	Ekuma River is one of the three rivers that supply a majority of water to the pan in the Etosha National Park in Namibia.	Ekuma River	Namibia
country	Sheosar Lake (Urdu: شاؤسر جھیل) (also called Shausar Lake) is a lake situated in Deosai National Park, in Gilgit-Baltistan province of northern Pakistan.	Sheosar Lake	Pakistan
country	Ətyeməzli (Armenian: Էթյեմեզլի, also Et'yemezli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ətyeməzli	Azerbaijan
country	Hed socken in Västmanland, Sweden, was a part of the Skinnskattebergs bergslag and is since 1971 a part of Skinnskatteberg Municipality.	Hed socken	Sweden
country	Myaungmya (Burmese: မြောင်းမြမြို့ (mjáʊɴmja̰ mjo̰)) is a town in Myaungmya Township, Ayeyarwady Region, Myanmar.	Myaungmya	Myanmar
country	The Centre of Planning and Economic Research (KEPE) was established in 1959 as a research unit, under the title ``Centre for Economic Research'', to study the challenges faced by the Greek economy and encourage economic research in Greece and further cooperation with other scientific institutions.	Centre of Planning and Economic Research	Greece
country	Bugøynes Chapel (Norwegian: Bugøynes kapell) is a chapel in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Bugøynes Chapel	Norway
country	Ballymagauran (Irish: Baile Mhic Shamhráin, meaning ``The Town of Mac Shamhráin'', historically Ballymagowran) is a village and townland in County Cavan, Ireland.	Ballymagauran	Ireland
country	Carney Airfield is a former World War II airfield on Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands in the South Pacific.	Carney Airfield	Solomon Islands
country	Zimnice Wielkie (ʑimˈnit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German Groß Schimnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prószków, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zimnice Wielkie	Poland
country	The United Front for the Liberation of Oppressed Races (FULRO, (French) Front Uni de Lutte des Races Opprimées, (Vietnamese) Mặt trận Thống nhất Đấu tranh của các Sắc tộc bị Áp bức) was an organization within Vietnam, whose objective was autonomy for the Degar tribes.	United Front for the Liberation of Oppressed Races	Vietnam
country	Bozveshk (Persian: بزوشك‎, also Romanized as Bozūshk and Bozwshk; also known as Bozvīshk and Ribāt-i-Bizdkush) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bozveshk	Iran
country	Tay Sound is an uninhabited natural waterway within Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Tay Sound	Canada
country	Roncador Reef is a reef in the Solomon Islands, south of Ontong Java Atoll and north of Santa Isabel Island.	Roncador Reef	Solomon Islands
country	Ipiķi parish (Latvian: Ipiķu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Rūjiena Municipality, Latvia.	Ipiķi parish	Latvia
country	Warpalice (varpaˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Warpalice	Poland
country	Kandolus (Persian: كندلوس‎, also Romanized as Kandolūs, Kandelūs, Kandloos, and Kandlūs; also known as Gendulas) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kandolus	Iran
country	Los Algodones is the northernmost town in Mexico, and at its northeastern tip is the northernmost point in Mexico, and in Latin America.	Los Algodones	Mexico
country	The Katzbach Railway (German: Katzbachbahn) is a branch line in southwestern Germany from Bruchsal to Odenheim that opened in 1896, and was extended in 1900 to Hilsbach.	Katzbach Railway	Germany
country	Wanq'uri (Aymara wanq'u guinea pig, -ri a suffix, hispanicized spelling Huancure) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 5,074.9 metres (16,650 ft) high.	Wanq'uri	Peru
country	Foro Sol (English: Sun Forum) is a sports and concert venue built in 1993 inside the Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in eastern Mexico City.	Foro Sol	Mexico
country	Mazraeh-ye Seyyed (Persian: مزرعه سيد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Seyyed) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 9 families.	Mazraeh-ye Seyyed	Iran
country	Tyrlaching is a municipality in the district of Altötting in Bavaria, Germany.	Tyrlaching	Germany
country	Lake Biograd (Montenegrin: Biogradsko jezero, Биоградско језеро) is a lake in Kolašin municipality, in northern Montenegro.	Lake Biograd	Montenegro
country	Darqad (Persian: درغد‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Darqad	Tajikistan
country	The Zoológico Los Coyotes is the third zoo in Mexico City, Mexico.	Zoológico Los Coyotes	Mexico
country	Stefanów Ruszkowski (stɛˈfanuf ruʂˈkɔfski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stefanów Ruszkowski	Poland
country	Dushdur (Persian: دوشدور‎, also Romanized as Dūshdūr; also known as Dūsh and Dūshar) is a village in Almalu Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dushdur	Iran
country	The Purnululu National Park is a World Heritage Site in the East Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Purnululu National Park	Australia
country	Teatro El Círculo is a theater in Rosario, Argentina.	Teatro El Círculo	Argentina
country	The Six vilayets or Six provinces (Ottoman Turkish: ولايت سته Vilâyat-ı Sitte) or the Six Armenian vilayets (Armenian: Վեց հայկական վիլայեթներ Vets' haykakan vilayet'ner, Turkish: Altı vilayet, Altı Ermeni ili) were the Armenian-populated vilayets (provinces) of the Ottoman Empire:	Six vilayets	Ottoman Empire
country	Talianki (Ukrainian: Тальянки, also spelled Tallianki, Tal'anky, Tal'ianky or Tal'ianki) is a village in Cherkasy Oblast, Ukraine, close to the city of Talne and about 237 kilometers (147 mi) south of Kiev.	Talianki	Ukraine
country	Tax rebate discounting is a process in Canada where a tax preparation firm purchases the right to the anticipated tax rebate in exchange for a percentage of the rebate amount.	Tax rebate discounting	Canada
country	For eighteen years the city did well, and was one of the most prosperous in the colony; but in 1586 the governor of Venezuela, Don Luis de Rojas y Mendoza, a tyrant, attempted to take the power of appointing Caraballeda's officials.	Caraballeda	Venezuela
country	Lakepa is one of the fourteen villages of Niue.	Lakepa	Niue
country	Rydzynka (rɨˈd͡zɨnka) (German: Krügershof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rydzynka	Poland
country	Vishwajyot High School also known as 'VHS', is a private Co-ed school in Kharghar, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Vishwajyot High School	India
country	Kadma is a residential area in the city of Jamshedpur, Jharkhand state, India.	Kadma	India
country	Scrofiano is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, a frazione of the comune of Sinalunga in the province of Siena.	Scrofiano	Italy
country	Kabgan (Persian: كبگان‎, also Romanized as Kabgān; also known as Kābghān, Kabkān, and Kapkan) is a village in Kabgan Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Kabgan	Iran
country	Cape Sorell is a headland located in the Southern Ocean outside Macquarie Harbour on the West Coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Cape Sorell	Australia
country	Flanders Expo is a multi-purpose arena and convention center located in Ghent, Flanders, Belgium.	Flanders Expo	Belgium
country	The Cabra Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse built on Cabra Island, the north-westernmost of the Lubang group of islands in Occidental Mindoro, Philippines.	Cabra Island Lighthouse	Philippines
country	Lypyna (Ukrainian: Липина) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Lypyna	Ukraine
country	Mrzli Log (pronounced (ˈməɾzli ˈloːk)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Črni Vrh in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Mrzli Log	Slovenia
country	Radomno (raˈdɔmnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto Lubawskie, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Radomno	Poland
country	Lokmanya Tilak High School (often abbreviated as LTHS or LTES), is an English medium school located in Tilak Nagar, Chembur in Mumbai, India.	Lokmanya Tilak High School	India
country	Juan Vicente Gómez International Airport (IATA: SVZ, ICAO: SVSA), is an airport in San Antonio del Táchira, Venezuela.	Juan Vicente Gómez International Airport	Venezuela
country	Strata Tower is a forty-story luxury residential building, designed by New York-based architects Hani Rashid and Lise Anne Couture of Asymptote Architecture, currently being built on Al Raha Beach, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	Strata Tower	United Arab Emirates
country	Darmanlu (Persian: درمانلو‎, also Romanized as Darmānlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Darmanlu	Iran
country	Colonia Asturias is a colonia or neighborhood in the Cuauhtémoc borough, south of the historic center of Mexico City.	Colonia Asturias	Mexico
country	AirAsia Berhad (MYX: 5099) is a Malaysian low-cost airline headquartered near Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	AirAsia	Malaysia
country	Bangrin, Sabce is a village in the Sabce Department of Bam Province in northern-central Burkina Faso.	Bangrin, Sabce	Burkina Faso
country	Sisuarissut Strait is a strait between Sisuarissut Island and Puugutaa Island in the Upernavik Archipelago of Greenland.	Sisuarissut Strait	Greenland
country	NK Osijek is a football club from Osijek in eastern Croatia.	NK Osijek	Croatia
country	Ciutat de Lleida Trophy is a ``friendly'' football (soccer) tournament played annually in Lleida (province of Lleida, Spain).	Ciutat de Lleida Trophy	Spain
country	Opoul-Périllos (French pronunciation: ​(opul peʁiˈjo); Catalan: Òpol i Perellós, IPA: (ˈɔpuɫ i pəɾəˈʎos), locally: (ˈopuɫ i pəɾiˈʎus)) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Opoul-Périllos	France
country	Trebula (Greek: Τρήβουλα; also spelled Trebula Mutusca or simply Mutusca or Mutuscae) was an ancient city of the Sabines in what is now central Italy, one of two bearing the name Trebula --	Trebula Mutusca	Italy
country	Nchelenge is a town in the Luapula Province of northern Zambia, lying on the south eastern shore of Lake Mweru.	Nchelenge	Zambia
country	Bollnäs is a Swedish locality and the seat of Bollnäs Municipality, in Gävleborg County, Sweden.	Bollnäs	Sweden
country	Barg-e Tut (Persian: برگ توت‎, also Romanized as Barg-e Tūt) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Barg-e Tut	Iran
country	Świdwie (ˈɕfidvjɛ) is a lake in north-western Poland, and is the site of a nature reserve and a Ramsar site (one of 13 such sites in Poland).	Świdwie	Poland
country	Qendaxan (also, Kəndaxan, Gendakhan, and Gendykhany) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qendaxan	Azerbaijan
country	Studiestræde is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark, running from Bispetorv on Nørregade in the northeast to Axeltorv in the southwest.	Studiestræde	Denmark
country	Aspelt Castle (French: Château d'Aspelt), located in Aspelt in the south of Luxembourg, is a Baroque residence built in 1590 on the site of a medieval castle from the 11th century.	Aspelt Castle	Luxembourg
country	Puywan (Quechua for heart of an animal, hispanicized spelling Puihuan) is a mountain in the northern sector of the Waytapallana mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Puywan	Peru
country	Muri Railway Station was on the North Island Main Trunk Railway (NIMT) in Pukerua Bay, New Zealand, part of the suburban rail network of Wellington.	Muri Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Steinsel (Luxembourgish: Steesel) is a commune and town in central Luxembourg.	Steinsel	Luxembourg
country	Raya Khas railway station (Urdu: رایا خاص ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Raya Khas village, Narowal district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Raya Khas railway station	Pakistan
country	The Iwo Kingdom is a traditional state based on the city of Iwo in Osun State, Nigeria.	Iwo Kingdom	Nigeria
country	Al-Manifa is a mountain located 20 kilometers north of Ajnuna near Wadi al-Hrob in north western Saudi Arabia.	Al-Manifa	Saudi Arabia
country	Smiltene ( pronunciation ) is a town in the Vidzeme region of in northern Latvia, 132 km northeast of the capital Riga, and the administrative centre of Smiltene Municipality.	Smiltene	Latvia
country	Sargeant Bay Provincial Park, is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located just west of the community of Sechelt on the southern Sunshine Coast.	Sargeant Bay Provincial Park	Canada
country	Stanečka Vas (Slovene: Stanečka vas) is a settlement in the Municipality of Majšperk in northeastern Slovenia.	Stanečka Vas	Slovenia
country	Biksēre Manor (Latvian: Biksēres muižas pils), also previously known as Libe Manor, is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Biksēre Manor	Latvia
country	Wisconsin International University College is one of the earliest established private universities in Ghana.	Wisconsin International University College	Ghana
country	Royal Khmer Airlines was a small airline based in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.	Royal Khmer Airlines	Cambodia
country	Balta Ialomiței is an island on the Danube, located in Ialomiţa County and Călăraşi County, Romania.	Balta Ialomiței	Romania
country	Guadalajara railway station (Spanish: Estación de Guadalajara) is a railway station in Guadalajara, Spain.	Guadalajara railway station	Spain
country	``The Rip'', also known as ``The Heads'', is a dangerous stretch of water in Victoria, Australia, connecting Port Phillip and Bass Strait.	The Rip	Australia
country	Bahia Adair or Adair Bay is a bay at the northern end of the Gulf of California in the municipality of San Luis Río Colorado in the state of Sonora in Mexico.	Bahia Adair	Mexico
country	The University of Dhaka (Bengali: ঢাকা বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় (ɖʰaka biʃʃobid̪d̪alɔe̯), also known as Dhaka University or simply DU), is the oldest university in modern Bangladesh.	University of Dhaka	Bangladesh
country	Nedaf Kheyl (Persian: نداف خيل‎, also Romanized as Nedāf Kheyl and Nedāfakhīl; also known as Nedābakhl) is a village in Mehravan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Nedaf Kheyl	Iran
country	Nové Město nad Metují (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnovɛː ˈmɲɛsto ˈnad mɛtujiː); German: Neustadt an der Mettau) is a town on the river Metuje in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Nové Město nad Metují	Czech Republic
country	Château de Pouy-sur-Vannes is a listed historic château in Pouy-sur-Vannes, Aube, France.	Château de Pouy-sur-Vannes	France
country	Skrzynice Pierwsze (skʂɨˈnit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Skrzynice Pierwsze	Poland
country	Sengiley (Russian: Сенгиле́й) is a town and the administrative center of Sengileyevsky District in Ulyanovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of Kuybyshev Reservoir, 72 kilometers (45 mi) south of Ulyanovsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Sengiley	Russia
country	Seeniyapuram (also known as Rajakuthalaperi) is a village within Veeravanallur, in the Tirunelveli district of India.	Seeniyapuram	India
country	Veľké Zlievce (Hungarian: Felsőzellő) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Veľké Zlievce	Slovakia
country	Henry Munro Middle School is located in Beacon Hill, Ottawa, Canada and is operated by Ottawa Carleton District School Board.	Henry Munro Middle School	Canada
country	Rio Hotel Ltd v New Brunswick (Liquor Licensing Board) (1987) 2 S.C.R. 59 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on the Constitution's criminal law power.	Rio Hotel Ltd v New Brunswick (Liquor Licensing Board)	Canada
country	Bilambil Heights is a town located in north-eastern New South Wales, Australia, in the Tweed Shire.	Bilambil Heights	Australia
country	Måseskär (en: The Gull Skerry) is a rocky island and a lighthouse station located in the sea of Skagerrak on the west coast of Sweden.	Måseskär	Sweden
country	The Baltic Shipyard (Baltiysky Zavod, formerly Shipyard-189) (Russian: Балтийский завод имени С. Орджоникидзе) is one of the oldest shipyards in Russia.	Baltic Shipyard	Russia
country	Spichenkovo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Спиченково) (IATA: NOZ, ICAO: UNWW) is one of two major airports in Kemerovo Oblast area (Russian: Кемеровская область, Kemerovskaya oblast), Russia, Southwestern Siberia located 17 km west of Novokuznetsk, Russia.	Spichenkovo Airport	Russia
country	Palapathwela ( Sinhala:පලපත්වෙල, Tamil:பலாபத்வெல ) is a village in Sri Lanka.	Palapathwela	Sri Lanka
country	Kozminski University (formerly known as Leon Kozminski Academy of Entrepreneurship and Management, in Polish Akademia Leona Koźmińskiego) is a private, non profit business school in Warsaw, Poland, and is considered to be ``Poland's highest rated private university''.	Kozminski University	Poland
country	Fontanelas is a small town located in the civil parish of São João das Lampas, municipality of Sintra, Portugal.	Fontanelas	Portugal
country	Dobrkowo (dɔbrˈkɔvɔ) (German: Daberkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dobrkowo	Poland
country	Daisendorf is a village and a commune with about 1600 inhabitants in south-western Germany.	Daisendorf	Germany
country	Gymnasium Karlovac (Croatian: Gimnazija Karlovac), sometimes historically referred to as Higher Real Gymnasium, is a gymnasium in the city of Karlovac in Croatia.	Gymnasium Karlovac	Croatia
country	The Progressive Democrats (Irish: An Páirtí Daonlathach, lit.: The Democratic Party), commonly known as the PDs, was a pro-free market liberal and conservative-liberal political party in the Republic of Ireland.	Progressive Democrats	Ireland
country	Yamal LNG is a proposed liquefied natural gas plant at Sabetta, north-east of the Yamal Peninsula, Russia.	Yamal LNG	Russia
country	The Jardin de Balata (3 hectares) is a private botanical garden located on the Route de Balata about 10 km outside of Fort-de-France, Martinique, France.	Jardin de Balata	France
country	Cheshmeh Chenar-e Mard Khoda (Persian: چشمه چنارمردخدا‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chenār-e Mard Khodā; also known as Cheshmeh Chenār, Dūlchandar, and Dūlchendār) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Chenar-e Mard Khoda	Iran
country	Koolama Bay is a bay in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Koolama Bay	Australia
country	The Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands (Tongan: Paati Temokalati 'a e 'Otu Motu 'Anga'ofa) is a political party in Tonga.	Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands	Tonga
country	Koźla (ˈkɔʑla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Koźla	Poland
country	The Baumkircher Tower (Slovene: Baumkircherjev Turn, from German: Baumkircher Turm), also known as Tabor Castle (Grad Tabor) or Lower Castle (Spodnji grad), is a defensive tower or small castle located in the town of Vipava in southwestern Slovenia.	Baumkircher Tower	Slovenia
country	The Giardino Botanico Alpino di Passo Coe is a municipal nature preserve and alpine botanical garden located at an elevation of 1612 meters on Monte Marònia in Passo Coe, about 5 km southeast of Folgaria, Trentino, Italy.	Giardino Botanico Alpino di Passo Coe	Italy
country	Lanedo is a professional open source software development consultancy based in Germany.	Lanedo	Germany
country	Kadavu Province is one of fourteen provinces of Fiji, and forms part of the Eastern Division, which also includes the provinces of Lau, Lomaiviti and Rotuma.	Kadavu Province	Fiji
country	Greenfield Valley Heritage Park (Welsh: Dyffryn Maes Glas) is a 70-acre (28 ha) country park in the United Kingdom.	Greenfield Valley Heritage Park	United Kingdom
country	Mazraeh-ye Khodadad Sheybani (Persian: مزرعه خدادادشيباني‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Khodādād Sheybānī) is a village in Gel Berenji Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Khodadad Sheybani	Iran
country	Jassaniyeh-ye Bozorg (Persian: جسانيه بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Jassānīyeh-ye Bozorg; also known as Jassānīyeh, Loveymī, Lovīmī, and Luwaimi) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jassaniyeh-ye Bozorg	Iran
country	Marciana is a town and comune in the province of Livorno, Tuscany (Italy), located in the western Elba Island.	Marciana	Italy
country	Kletsk (Belarusian: Клецк, originally known as Klechesk, Russian: Клецк, Polish: Kleck) is a city in the Minsk Region of Belarus, located on the Lan River.	Kletsk	Belarus
country	Bisotun District (Persian: بخش بیستون‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bisotun District	Iran
country	The Port of Karachi (Urdu: کراچی بندرگاہ‎ Bandar gāh Karāchī) is one of South Asia's largest and busiest deep-water seaports, handling about 60% of the nation's cargo (25 million tons per annum) located in Karachi, Pakistan.	Port of Karachi	Pakistan
country	The Sas dles Nü (German: Neuner; Italian: Cima Nove (ˈtʃiːma ˈnɔːve)) is a mountain in the Dolomites near La Val, South Tyrol, Italy.	Sas dles Nü	Italy
country	Finnsnes Church (Norwegian: Finnsnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county, Norway.	Finnsnes Church	Norway
country	Lahijan (Persian: لاهيجان‎‎, also known as, Lāhījān) is a Caspian sea resort in and the capital of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lahijan	Iran
country	Vardun (Bulgarian: Вардун) is a village in Targovishte Municipality, Targovishte Province, Bulgaria.	Vardun	Bulgaria
country	Tarlac River is a river in Central Luzon, Philippines, covering a drainage area of 1,900 square kilometers traversing the provinces of Tarlac and Pangasinan.	Tarlac River	Philippines
country	Mileștii Mici is a commune in Ialoveni district, Moldova, composed of two villages, Mileștii Mici and Piatra Albă.	Mileștii Mici	Moldova
country	Dunavarsány is a town in Pest county, Budapest metropolitan area, Hungary.	Dunavarsány	Hungary
country	Rull (Yapese: Ruul) is a municipality in the southern part of the island Yap, Federated States of Micronesia.	Rull	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Khar Bid is a village in Badghis Province in north western Afghanistan.	Khar Bid	Afghanistan
country	The Basilica of the Holy Mother of God Eleusa, Nesebar, is a former monastery church situated in the UNESCO World Heritage town of Nesebar in Bulgaria and dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary under the title ``Eleusa'', Ελεούσσα in Byzantine Greek, or ``the Tender''.	Basilica of the Holy Mother of God Eleusa, Nesebar	Bulgaria
country	Darreh Sheykhan (Persian: دره شيخان‎, also Romanized as Darreh Sheykhān) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Darreh Sheykhan	Iran
country	Sechín River in Peru, Ancash Region remains dry for long seasons, increasing its volume at times of rain in the mountain range.	Sechín River	Peru
country	The Lichtental Church (Lichtentaler Pfarrkirche) is the Roman Catholic parish church of Lichtental, now part of Vienna, Austria.	Lichtental Church	Austria
country	Southern Maalhosmadulu Atoll (code name Baa) is an administrative division of the Maldives.	Southern Maalhosmadulu Atoll	Maldives
country	Trondheim Central Station (Norwegian: Trondheim sentralstasjon) or Trondheim S is the main railway station serving the city of Trondheim, Norway.	Trondheim Central Station	Norway
country	Chunabhatti boasts of good quality technical training institutes that are certified by the Government of India.	Chunabhatti	India
country	Ermoupoli (Greek: Ερμούπολη), also known by the formal older name Ermoupolis or Hermoupolis (Greek: Ἑρμούπολις < Ἑρμοῦ πόλις ``Town of Hermes''), is a town and former municipality on the island of Syros, in the Cyclades, Greece.	Ermoupoli	Greece
country	Bethany High is an ICSE and ISC affiliated school located in the sixth block of Kormangala, Bangalore, India.	Bethany High	India
country	Popova Šapka (Macedonian: Попова Шапка) is a peak in the Republic of Macedonia.	Popova Šapka	Macedonia
country	The expansion of their Sprucefield store makes it the largest store in Ireland and the third largest in the United Kingdom.	Sprucefield	United Kingdom
country	Puma Wachana (Quechua puma cougar, puma, wacha birth, to give birth, -na a suffix, ``where the cougar is born'', hispanicized spelling Puma Huachana) is a mountain in Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Puma Wachana	Peru
country	Nowomichowska (nɔvɔmiˈxɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowomichowska	Poland
country	Malihan (Persian: مليحان‎, also Romanized as Malīḩān and Maleyḩān) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Malihan	Iran
country	The Queensland Museum is the state museum of Queensland, Australia.	Queensland Museum	Australia
country	Dankaur is a town and a nagar panchayat in Gautam Buddha Nagar District in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India PIN 203201 .	Dankaur	India
country	Lojsta , is a settlement in the central part of the island of Gotland, Sweden.	Lojsta	Sweden
country	The Alfa Romeo Portello Plant in Portello Milan, Italy was the first Alfa Romeo factory, and the main factory between 1908 and the 1960s.	Alfa Romeo Portello Plant	Italy
country	Jalan Transkrian, Federal Route 283, is a dual-carriageway federal road in Penang and Perak state, Malaysia, connecting Nibong Tebal in Penang to Parit Buntar in Perak.	Jalan Transkrian	Malaysia
country	Črna Vas (pronounced (ˈtʃəɾna ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Črna vas) is a settlement on the right bank of the Ljubljanica River, south of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Črna Vas	Slovenia
country	Bakke Abbey was a medieval nunnery in Trondheim in Norway.	Bakke Abbey	Norway
country	The Via Domitia was the first Roman road built in Gaul, to link Italy and Hispania through Gallia Narbonensis, across what is now southern France.	Via Domitia	France
country	Manovo-Gounda St. Floris National Park is a national park and UNESCO World Heritage Site located in the Central African Republic prefecture Bamingui-Bangoran, near the Chad border.	Manovo-Gounda St. Floris National Park	Central African Republic
country	Mackay Memorial Hospital (Chinese: 馬偕紀念醫院; pinyin: Mǎxié Jìniàn Yīyuàn), established on December 26, 1912, is one of the largest medical centers in Taiwan.	Mackay Memorial Hospital	Taiwan
country	Barankowo (baranˈkɔvɔ) (German: Barankower Feld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Barankowo	Poland
country	Adimi (Persian: اديمي‎, also Romanized as Adīmī and Hādīmi) is a city in and capital of Posht Ab District, in Zabol County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Adimi	Iran
country	XEBC-AM/XHBC-FM is a radio station in Mexico, broadcasting on 95.1 FM and 990 AM in Ciudad Guzmán, Jalisco.	XHBC-FM	Mexico
country	Malchin am Kummerower See is an Amt in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Malchin am Kummerower See	Germany
country	Ossów (ˈɔssuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ossów	Poland
country	Al-Maghtas (Arabic: المغطس‎), meaning ``baptism'' or ``immersion'' in Arabic, is an archaeological World Heritage site in Jordan on the east bank of the Jordan River, officially known as Baptism Site ``Bethany Beyond the Jordan'' (Al-Maghtas).	Al-Maghtas	Jordan
country	Frosinone (Italian pronunciation: (frosiˈnoːne)) is a town and comune in Lazio, central Italy, the administrative seat of the province of Frosinone.	Frosinone	Italy
country	The Karpenko-Karyi State Museum-Reserve ``Khutir Nadia'' is a national historic site of Ukraine that was established on a territory of estate that belonged to Ivan Karpenko-Karyi, the playwright and theatrical figure of the late 19th - early 20th century.	Khutir Nadia	Ukraine
country	Seth Jai Parkash Mukand Lal Institute of Engineering and Technology (Hindi: सेठ जय प्रकाश मुकुंद लाल इंजीनियरिंग और प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान) (informally JMIT Radaur or simplyJMIT) is a private college of Engineering in the state of Haryana, India.	JMIT	India
country	Deh-e Saria (Persian: ده ثريا‎, also Romanized as Deh-e S̱arīā) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Saria	Iran
country	The Gosashi tomb is supposedly the resting place of Empress Jingu, who ruled Japan as a regent.	Gosashi tomb	Japan
country	Awrey Island is an uninhabited island located in Hudson Bay, within the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Awrey Island	Canada
country	Maccabi Tel Aviv (Hebrew: מכבי תל אביב‎) is one of the largest sports clubs in Israel, and a part of the Maccabi association.	Maccabi Tel Aviv	Israel
country	Hikkaduwa National Park is one of the two marine national parks in Sri Lanka.	Hikkaduwa National Park	Sri Lanka
country	Pristava pri Šentjerneju (pronounced (pɾiˈstaːʋa pɾi ʃɛntjɛɾˈnɛːju)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Pristava pri Šentjerneju	Slovenia
country	Bard Gola (Persian: بردگلا‎, also Romanized as Bard Golā) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bard Gola	Iran
country	Espérance-Longdoz was a coal mining and steel production company located in the Liege region of Belgium.	Espérance-Longdoz	Belgium
country	The Villa del Balbianello is a villa in the comune of Lenno (province of Como), Italy, overlooking Lake Como.	Villa del Balbianello	Italy
country	Baradero is the oldest town of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, being founded in 1615.	Baradero	Argentina
country	The Oasis of Hope Hospital is a clinic in Tijuana, Mexico providing alternative cancer treatments to its customers.	Oasis of Hope Hospital	Mexico
country	The Karst Trail (German: Karstwanderweg) is a marked and signed footpath that runs for over 250 kilometres between Förste in Lower Saxony and Pölsfeld in Saxony-Anhalt through the karst landscape of the South Harz in Germany.	Karst Trail	Germany
country	The Valley of the Golden Mummies is a huge burial site at Bahariya Oasis in the Western Desert of Egypt, dating to the Greco-Roman period.	Valley of the Golden Mummies	Egypt
country	Rigi Railways (German: Rigi Bahnen) is a group of railways on Mount Rigi, located between two of the arms of Lake Lucerne, in Switzerland.	Rigi Railways	Switzerland
country	Erguel Castle (French: Château d'Erguel) is a ruined castle in the municipality of Sonvilier in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Erguel Castle	Switzerland
country	3 STR is a census town in Ganganagar district in the state of Rajasthan, India.	3 STR	India
country	Arnia (Hindi: अरनिया) is a town and a notified area committee in Jammu district in the state of Jammu & Kashmir, India.	Arnia	India
country	Strathmore-Brooks is a rural provincial electoral district in southern Alberta, Canada.	Strathmore-Brooks	Canada
country	Boulevard Raspail is a boulevard of Paris, in France.	Boulevard Raspail	France
country	Königs Wusterhausen Central Tower was a 243 m (797 ft), free standing steel framework tower on the Funkerberg of Königs Wusterhausen, Germany.	Königs Wusterhausen Central Tower	Germany
country	Khan Arnabah (Arabic: خان أرنبة, also spelled Khan Arnabeh‎) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Quneitra Governorate (Golan Heights), in the portion of the province still under Syrian control.	Khan Arnabah	Syria
country	Silpia Duża (ˈɕilpja ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Silpia Duża	Poland
country	The Noarlunga United Bulldogs are a soccer club from Adelaide, South Australia.	Noarlunga United	Australia
country	Paul Roux is a small town in the flatlands of Free State province of South Africa that produces poplar wood for the safety match industry.	Paul Roux	South Africa
country	Folkan (also known as Folkteatern) was a theatre at Östermalmstorg in Stockholm, Sweden.	Folkan	Sweden
country	Mahabad Dam is an embankment dam on the Mahabad River near the city of Mahabad, West Azerbaijan province, Iran.	Mahabad Dam	Iran
country	Galeria Krakowska is a shopping centre in Kraków, Poland, located adjacent to the Kraków's main Railway Station.	Galeria Krakowska	Poland
country	Gibraltar Creek, a perennial stream that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.	Gibraltar Creek	Australia
country	Silesian Beskids (Polish: Beskid Śląski , Czech: Slezské Beskydy , German: Schlesische Beskiden) is one of the Beskids mountain ranges in Outer Western Carpathians in southern Silesian Voivodeship, Poland and the eastern Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Silesian Beskids	Poland	Czech Republic
country	Agnel Polytechnic is a polytechnic college which has adopted the education system from Maharashtra Board of Technical Education (MSBTE) located in Vashi, the heart of Navi Mumbai, a satellite city to the metropolis of Mumbai in Maharashtra, India.	Agnel Polytechnic	India
country	Indigo Bay Lodge Airport (IATA: IBL) is an airport serving Indigo Bay Lodge, Bazaruto Island, Mozambique.	Indigo Bay Lodge Airport	Mozambique
country	Doora Barefield, or Doora and Kilraghtis, is a parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe, in County Clare, Ireland.	Doora Barefield	Ireland
country	Bənəniyar (also, Bənənyar and Bananiyar) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Bənəniyar	Azerbaijan
country	Arad Fort (Arabic: قلعة عراد‎, Qal'at 'Arad) is a 15th-century fort in Arad, Bahrain.	Arad Fort	Bahrain
country	Hellisey is an island in the Vestmann Islands, south of Iceland.	Hellisey	Iceland
country	Mehmood Shaheed is a village in the Thal desert in southern Punjab, Pakistan.	Mehmood Shaheed	Pakistan
country	Kalandula Falls (formerly Duque de Bragança Falls) are waterfalls in the municipality of Kalandula, Malanje Province, Angola.	Kalandula Falls	Angola
country	Music Fest Perugia is a festival held since 2007 in Perugia, Italy for young talented musicians every year in the summer.	Music Fest Perugia	Italy
country	Bergen Airport, Flesland (Norwegian: Bergen lufthavn, Flesland; IATA: BGO, ICAO: ENBR) is an international airport located at Flesland in Bergen, a city and municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Bergen Airport, Flesland	Norway
country	Beechey Island is an island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago of Nunavut, Canada, in Wellington Channel.	Beechey Island	Canada
country	MainConcept GmbH is a software company founded in Germany by Markus Moenig.	MainConcept	Germany
country	The Annan River (Kuku Nyungkal: Yuku Baja) is a river located in the Wet Tropics of Far North Queensland, Australia.	Annan River	Australia
country	Murovani Kurylivtsi (Ukrainian: Муровані Курилівці, Polish: Murowane Kuryłowce) is an urban-type settlement in the southwestern part of Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine.	Murovani Kurylivtsi	Ukraine
country	The Mannkal Economic Education Foundation is a free market think tank headquartered in Perth, Western Australia.	Mannkal Economic Education Foundation	Australia
country	Klukowicze (klukɔˈvʲit͡ʂɛ) (Ukrainian: Клюковичі, Kliukovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Klukowicze	Poland
country	Sardarli (also, Sardarly) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sardarli	Azerbaijan
country	The Roman Catholic hermitage of Our Lady of the Enclosed Garden is situated in the former reformed church of Warfhuizen, a village in the extreme north of the Netherlands.	Our Lady of the Enclosed Garden	Netherlands
country	Sokolac (Serbian Cyrillic: Соколац) is a town and municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the part of the City of East Sarajevo in the Republika Srpska entity.	Sokolac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Žalobín (Hungarian: Újszomotor) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Žalobín	Slovakia
country	The Wami River lies entirely within the African nation of Tanzania in the Pwani Region and Morogoro Region in eastern Tanzania.	Wami River	Tanzania
country	San Francisco Acuautla is located in the eastern part of the Estado de Mexico to 4 kilometers from the county seat of Ixtapaluca;	San Francisco Acuautla	Mexico
country	Båtsfjord Church (Norwegian: Båtsfjord kirke) is a parish church in Båtsfjord Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Båtsfjord Church	Norway
country	Malappuram district, with its headquarters at Malappuram, is a district in the state of Kerala, India.	Malappuram district	India
country	Arcadia (Greek: Αρκαδία, Arkadía) is one of the regional units of Greece.	Arcadia	Greece
country	The Piscina delle Rose (English: Roses Swimming Pool) is a sports venue located in Rome, Italy.	Piscina delle Rose	Italy
country	Pileh Sehran (Persian: پيله سهران‎, also Romanized as Pīleh Sehrān and Pīreh Sahrān) is a village in Yurchi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pileh Sehran	Iran
country	The Milton Keynes urban area or Milton Keynes Built-up Area is a designation established by the United Kingdom's Office for National Statistics.	Milton Keynes urban area	United Kingdom
country	The Pullman Paris Montparnasse Hotel is a 953-room skyscraper hotel located near the Gare Montparnasse in the 14th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Pullman Paris Montparnasse Hotel	France
country	The Principality of Catalonia (Catalan: Principat de Catalunya, Latin: Principatus Cathaloniæ, Occitan: Principautat de Catalonha), is a historic territory and a medieval and early modern political entity in the northeastern Iberian Peninsula, mostly in Spain, with an adjoining portion in southern France.	Principality of Catalonia	Spain
country	Cadet College Jhang is an established military prep school located in Jhang Sadar, a town in the vicinity of Faisalabad, Pakistan.	Cadet College Jhang	Pakistan
country	Mutzig (German: Mützig) is a commune located at the entrance of the Bruche river valley, in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine, in north-eastern France.	Mutzig	France
country	Villa Dolores Airport (IATA: VDR, ICAO: SAOD) is an airport serving Villa Dolores, Córdoba, Argentina.	Villa Dolores Airport	Argentina
country	Peawanuck is an isolated Cree community in the Kenora District, Ontario, Canada.	Peawanuck	Canada
country	Vari (Greek: Βάρη) is a suburban town and former municipality in East Attica, Greece.	Vari	Greece
country	New Gurgaon is planned city situated in the state of Haryana in India is a recent development in real estate.	New Gurgaon	India
country	Segelföreningen i Björneborg (BSF for short), is a yacht club from Pori, Finland.	Segelföreningen i Björneborg	Finland
country	Podsmardzewo (pɔtsmarˈd͡zɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podsmardzewo	Poland
country	Lovai (Persian: لوايي‎, also Romanized as Lovā’ī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lovai	Iran
country	Vivekananda Degree College (also known as ``Vivekananda College of Arts, Science & Commerce'' or ``VC Puttur'') is located in the locality of Nehru Nagar, about 3 km north-east to the center of the city of Puttur in Karnataka state, India.	Vivekananda Degree College	India
country	The Adrar des Ifoghas (also Adrar des Iforas, Tamasheq: tifinagh alphabet, ⴰⴷⵔⴰⵔ ⵏ ⵉⴼⵓⵖⴰⵙ, Adrar n Ifoghas Ifoghas' Mountain) is a massif in Mali's Kidal Region that extends into Algeria.	Adrar des Ifoghas	Mali
country	Terek-Say (Kyrgyz: Терек-Сай) is a village (an urban-type settlement from 1950 to 2012) in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan, established in 1950 along with the commissioning of the Terek-Say antimony mine.	Terek-Say	Kyrgyzstan
country	Kavir (Persian: كوير‎, also Romanized as Kavīr) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kavir	Iran
country	The Kumaradhara River is an Indian river, in the southwestern India state of Karnataka.	Kumaradhara River	India
country	Sheen Kach Dam is small dam in Frontier Region Tank of FATA, Pakistan.	Sheen Kach Dam	Pakistan
country	Sədan (also, Saadan and Siadan) is a village and municipality in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sədan	Azerbaijan
country	Holy Redeemer Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Belize City, Belize.	Holy Redeemer Cathedral	Belize
country	Balatonszepezd is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary, on the northern shore of the Lake Balaton.	Balatonszepezd	Hungary
country	The State Bank of the GDR (German: Staatsbank der DDR) was the central bank of East Germany.	Staatsbank	East Germany
country	Kadovar Island is a volcanic island northeast of Papua New Guinea.	Kadovar	Papua New Guinea
country	Chah Zaman (Persian: چاه زمان‎, also Romanized as Chāh Zamān) is a village in Sangan Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah Zaman	Iran
country	Ghowsabad (Persian: غوث اباد‎, also Romanized as Ghows̄ābād) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ghowsabad	Iran
country	Lanivo is a town and commune in Madagascar in the district of Vohipeno, which is a part of Vatovavy-Fitovinany Region.	Lanivo	Madagascar
country	Bağdat Avenue (Turkish: Bağdat Caddesi, literally Baghdad Avenue) or simply Avenue (Turkish: Cadde) is a notable high street located on the Anatolian side of Istanbul, Turkey.	Bağdat Avenue	Turkey
country	Norwegian Star was built by the Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg, Germany.	Norwegian Star	Germany
country	Suliborek (suliˈbɔrɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Suliborek	Poland
country	Gregorova Vieska (Hungarian: Gergelyfalva) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Gregorova Vieska	Slovakia
country	Aq Beraz (Persian: اق براز‎, also Romanized as Āq Berāz; also known as Āq Barār) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aq Beraz	Iran
country	Abaurregaina/Abaurrea Alta (Abaurregaina is the Basque name, Abaurrea Alta its name in Spanish; both are recognised officially) is a municipality and inhabited locality situated in the province and autonomous community of Navarre (Spanish: Navarra), northern Spain.	Abaurregaina/Abaurrea Alta	Spain
country	Shalamar Medical and Dental College (abbreviated as SMDC, SHMC or SHMDC), established in 2009 and named after the Shalimar Gardens, is a private college of medicine and dentistry located on Shalimar Link Road, Shalimar Town, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Shalamar Medical and Dental College	Pakistan
country	The Belmont Tramway was a short lived railway in the south-eastern suburbs of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.	Belmont Tramway	Australia
country	Cape Melville is a headland on the eastern coast of the Cape York Peninsula in Australia.	Cape Melville	Australia
country	On 25 March 1918, Minsk was proclaimed the capital of the Belarusian People's Republic.	Minsk	Belarusian People's Republic
country	Hola Prystan (Ukrainian: Гола Пристань, Russian: Голая Пристань) is a city in Kherson Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Hola Prystan	Ukraine
country	Châteaulin (French: (ʃɑ.to.lɛ̃) ; Kastellin in the Breton language) is a commune in the Finistère department in the region of Brittany in north-western France.	Châteaulin	France
country	Pendeen Lighthouse, also known as Pendeen Watch is located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) to the north of Pendeen in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Pendeen Lighthouse	United Kingdom
country	Międzyrzecz (mʲɛnˈd͡zɨʐɛt͡ʂ) (Latin: Meserici, German: Meseritz) is a town in western Poland with 18,487 inhabitants (June 30, 2014).	Międzyrzecz	Poland
country	The Beetzsee is a lake in the state of Brandenburg, Germany.	Beetzsee	Germany
country	Canta is a town in the Lima Region, in western Peru.	Canta	Peru
country	FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk was a Ukrainian football team based in Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine, the unofficial capital of the Prykarpattia region.	FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk	Ukraine
country	Kista Galleria is a shopping mall located in the Kista district of Stockholm, Sweden.	Kista Galleria	Sweden
country	Raszowa Mała (raˈʂɔva ˈmawa) (German: Klein Reichen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Raszowa Mała	Poland
country	Chenaneh Rural District (Persian: دهستان چنانه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chenaneh Rural District	Iran
country	Abiriba is a town in Abia State, in southeastern Nigeria, traditionally an Igbo speaking region.	Abiriba	Nigeria
country	Jarook (Persian: جاروک ‎) is a village in Shuru Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jarook	Iran
country	Whenuakura is a farming community on State Highway 3 east of Patea, at the southern end of Taranaki on the North Island of New Zealand.	Whenuakura	New Zealand
country	The Division of Sturt is an Australian electoral division in South Australia.	Division of Sturt	Australia
country	Yokohama Dreamland was an amusement park that operated in Totsuka, Yokohama, Japan from 1964 to 2002.	Yokohama Dreamland	Japan
country	Lago di Rimasco is an artificial lake in the Province of Vercelli, Piedmont, Italy, situated in Rimasco in the Valsesia.	Lago di Rimasco	Italy
country	Qerkh Yashar (Persian: قرخ ياشار‎, also Romanized as Qerkh Yāshār) is a village in Dizaj Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qerkh Yashar	Iran
country	Siołkowice (German: Schalkowitz or Schalkendorf) is the name of two villages in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, close to the village of Popielów.	Siołkowice	Poland
country	Karshi Airport (IATA: KSQ, ICAO: UTSK) is an airport in south eastern Uzbekistan, south-west of Karshi.	Karshi Airport	Uzbekistan
country	Os de Balaguer is a municipality in the comarca of Noguera, in the province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.	Os de Balaguer	Spain
country	Austrått Fort is a disused coastal artillery site located at Austrått in Ørland, Norway.	Austrått Fort	Norway
country	The Wayang Windu Geothermal Power Station is the largest geothermal power station in Indonesia.	Wayang Windu Geothermal Power Station	Indonesia
country	Chandannagar, formerly spelled as Chandernagore (Bengali: চন্দননগর Chôndônnôgôr, French: Chandernagor), is a Corporation city and former French colony located 35 kilometers (22 mi) north of Kolkata, in West Bengal, India.	Chandannagar	India
country	Wrząsawa (vʐɔ̃ˈsava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzierady, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wrząsawa	Poland
country	The São Marcos River (Portuguese, Rio São Marcos) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.	São Marcos River	Brazil
country	Beloiannisz (Greek: Μπελογιάννης) is a village in Fejér county, Hungary.	Beloiannisz	Hungary
country	Skhiming is a village in South Africa, Limpopo Province, Mopani District Municipality, Greater Giyani, Bolobedu.	Skhiming	South Africa
country	Loo railway station (Russian: Станция Лоо) is a railway station of the North Caucasus Railway, subsidiary of Russian Railways, located in Loo Microdistrict, Lazarevsky City District of Sochi, Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Loo railway station	Russia
country	Vlasta Neighborhood (in Czech: Sídliště Vlasta) is a set of buildings in Prague 10-Vršovice, Czech Republic.	Vlasta Neighborhood	Czech Republic
country	Parque del Este (``East Park''), officially Generalissimo Francisco de Miranda Park, in honor of the Venezuelan national hero, is a public recreation park located in the Sucre Municipality of Metropolitan Caracas in Venezuela.	Parque del Este	Venezuela
country	Taba International Airport (Arabic: مطار طابا الدولي‎) (IATA: TCP, ICAO: HETB) is an international airport located near Taba, Egypt.	Taba International Airport	Egypt
country	Ellerslie Park is an exclusive residential development in the northwestern corner of Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago.	Ellerslie Park	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Rumeshkhan County (Persian: شهرستان رومشکان‎‎) is a county in southwestern Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rumeshkhan County	Iran
country	Río Ceballos is a city and tourist destination in the Province of Córdoba located in the center of Argentina.	Río Ceballos	Argentina
country	Black Beach (Spanish: Playa Negra), located on the island of Bioko, in the capital city of Malabo in Equatorial Guinea, is of one of Africa's most notorious prisons.	Black Beach	Equatorial Guinea
country	The Schrammsteine are a long, strung-out, very jagged group of rocks in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains located east of Bad Schandau in Saxon Switzerland in East Germany.	Schrammsteine	Germany
country	Côtes du Marmandais is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) for wine located in South West France around the commune of Marmande.	Côtes du Marmandais	France
country	North Adelaide is a predominantly residential precinct and suburb of the City of Adelaide in South Australia, situated north of the River Torrens and within the Adelaide Park Lands.	North Adelaide	Australia
country	Awaran (Urdu: آواران‎), is the main city of Awaran District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Awaran	Pakistan
country	Laem Son National Park is located in Ranong and Phangnga provinces, Thailand.	Laem Son National Park	Thailand
country	Parak-e Hutan (Persian: پارک هوتان‎, also Romanized as Pārak-e Hūtān) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Parak-e Hutan	Iran
country	Starokostiantyniv Raion (Ukrainian: Старокостянтинівський район, Starokostiantynivs'kyi raion) is one of the 20 administrative raions (a district) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine.	Starokostiantyniv Raion	Ukraine
country	Sarmach (Persian: سرمچ‎) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sarmach	Iran
country	Ghindari (Hungarian: Makfalva, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmɒkfɒlvɒ); German: Eicheldorf) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania.	Ghindari	Romania
country	Silangit Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Silangit) (IATA: DTB, ICAO: WIMN) is an airport located in Siborong-Borong, North Tapanuli, North Sumatra, Indonesia.	Silangit Airport	Indonesia
country	The Patinoire de Caen la mer (English: Ice rink of Caen la mer) is an ice rink in Caen, France.	Patinoire de Caen la mer	France
country	Simonszand (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsimɔnsˌzɑnt)) is a sandbank between the West Frisian Islands of Schiermonnikoog and Rottumerplaat in the Netherlands.	Simonszand	Netherlands
country	The Association Sportive Dragons FC de l'Ouémé known as AS Dragons FC de l'Ouémé is a football club in Benin, playing in the town of Porto-Novo.	AS Dragons FC de l'Ouémé	Benin
country	Não-Me-Toque (lit. Don't-Touch-Me) is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Não-Me-Toque	Brazil
country	Cherucode is a place located in India, Kerala State, Malappuram district, in the Province of Porur Panchayath.	Cherucode	India
country	Ñorquincó is a city in Ñorquincó Department, in southwest Río Negro Province, Argentina.	Ñorquincó	Argentina
country	Rangaraya Medical College is one of the old and premier Government Medical colleges in Andhra pradesh, established in 1958 and is located in Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Rangaraya Medical College	India
country	Mazlina (Serbian Cyrillic: Мазлина) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mazlina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kribi is a beach resort and sea port in Cameroon.	Kribi	Cameroon
country	Thiruputkuzhi is a small temple town in Tamil Nadu, India.	Thiruputkuzhi	India
country	Injar (Persian: اينجار‎, also Romanized as Īnjār) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Injar	Iran
country	Concord Repatriation General Hospital (abbreviated CRGH), commonly referred to as simply Concord Hospital, is a major hospital in Sydney, Australia, located on Hospital Road in Concord.	Concord Repatriation General Hospital	Australia
country	Oranienburg Palace (German: Schloss Oranienburg) is a Schloss located in the town of Oranienburg in Germany.	Oranienburg Palace	Germany
country	Doğlu is a village in Mezitli district which is a part of Greater Mersin, Mersin Province, Turkey.	Doğlu	Turkey
country	Viana do Bolo (in Spanish Viana del Bollo) is a large municipality in Ourense (province) in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	Viana do Bolo	Spain
country	Hay Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia, located within the South West Division.	Hay Land District	Australia
country	Parit Malintang is a town or Sub-district in Padang Pariaman Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Padang Pariaman Regency.	Parit Malintang	Indonesia
country	Malich-e Kuchek (Persian: ملچ كوچك‎, also Romanized as Malīch-e Kūchek and Meleych-e Kūchek; also known as Malaché Dow and Malīch) is a village in Qaleh Chenan Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Malich-e Kuchek	Iran
country	Dorkovo (Bulgarian: Дорково) is a village in the Rakitovo municipality, Pazardzhik Province, western Bulgaria.	Dorkovo	Bulgaria
country	Government E. N. T. Hospital is one of the oldest speciality hospitals in Hyderabad, India.	Government E. N. T. Hospital	India
country	Castru Valnera (Cantabrian) or Castro Valnera (Spanish) is a peak located in the central area of the Cantabrian Mountains, in Cantabria, northern Spain.	Castro Valnera	Spain
country	Harov (also Garov, Armenian: Հարավ - Harav) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Harov	Azerbaijan
country	Piecnik (ˈpjɛt͡snik) (formerly German Petznick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Piecnik	Poland
country	Olszewo-Grzymki (ɔlˈʂɛvɔ ˈɡʐɨmki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Olszewo-Grzymki	Poland
country	Ben Shemen Youth Village (Hebrew: כפר הנוער בן שמן‎, Kfar HaNo'ar Ben Shemen) is a youth village and agricultural boarding school in central Israel.	Ben Shemen Youth Village	Israel
country	The Queensland Ambulance Service (QAS) is the chief provider of out-of-hospital emergency care and ambulance transport in the state of Queensland, Australia.	Queensland Ambulance Service	Australia
country	Brienz-Surava is a former municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Grisons, Switzerland.	Brienz-Surava	Switzerland
country	Bibalan (Persian: بي بالان‎, also Romanized as Bībālān; also known as Bībālān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bibalan	Iran
country	73.7% of people living in Mount Glorious were born in Australia.	Mount Glorious	Australia
country	Kostolné (Hungarian: Nagyegyházas) is a village and municipality in Myjava District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Kostolné	Slovakia
country	The Krzysztofory Palace is a small, baroque palace located on the main square of Kraków, in Lesser Poland.	Krzysztofory Palace	Poland
country	Ksar el Barka (Arabic: كصر البركة‎) are ruins of a town in central Mauritania.	Ksar el Barka	Mauritania
country	Truszczyny (truʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Truszczyny	Poland
country	Agua Santa Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Agua Santa, IATA: LSQ, ICAO: SCAG) is a public use airport located near Palmilla, Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins, Chile.	Agua Santa Airport	Chile
country	Fonaitika (Greek: Φοναΐτικα) is a village in the municipal unit of Iardanos, Elis, Greece.	Fonaitika	Greece
country	The 2008 French Grand Prix (formally the XCIII Grand Prix de France) was a Formula One motor race held on June 22, 2008 at the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours, France.	2008 French Grand Prix	France
country	Bergbahnregion/Schwarzatal is a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (``municipal association'') in the district Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, in Thuringia, Germany.	Bergbahnregion/Schwarzatal	Germany
country	Bishasb (Persian: بيشاسب‎, also Romanized as Bīshāsb) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bishasb	Iran
country	Ureparapara (also known as Parapara for short) is the third largest island in the Banks group of northern Vanuatu, after Gaua and Vanua Lava.	Ureparapara	Vanuatu
country	Tarang Tappeh (Persian: ترنگ تپه‎; also known as Tūrang Tappeh) is a village in Yanqaq Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tarang Tappeh	Iran
country	Mghart (Armenian: Մղարթ, also romanized as Mgart) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Mghart	Armenia
country	Wellington International Airport (formerly known as Rongotai Airport) (IATA: WLG, ICAO: NZWN) is an international airport located in the suburb of Rongotai in Wellington, the capital city of New Zealand.	Wellington International Airport	New Zealand
country	Garab Khvoshadul (Persian: گراب خوشادول‎, also Romanized as Garāb Khvoshādūl and Garāb Khowshādūl) is a village in Shuhan Rural District, in the Central District of Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Garab Khvoshadul	Iran
country	Kipushi Mine (formerly Prince Léopold Mine) is an underground mine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, near the town of Kipushi in the province of Katanga.	Kipushi Mine	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Poluru is village in Nandyal mandal of Kurnool District of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Poluru	India
country	Abdollah Kordeh (Persian: عبداله كرده‎, also Romanized as ``Abdollāh Kordeh) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 13 families.	Abdollah Kordeh	Iran
country	The Souvan House (Slovene: Souvanova hiša) or the Hohn House (Hohnova hiša) is the highest building at Town Square in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Souvan House	Slovenia
country	Pilar de Goiás is a municipality in north-central Goiás state, Brazil.	Pilar de Goiás	Brazil
country	Segezha (Russian: Сеге́жа; Karelian: Segeža; Finnish: Sekehe) is a town and the administrative center of Segezhsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located 267 kilometers (166 mi) north of Petrozavodsk on the Segezha River and on the western shore of Lake Vygozero.	Segezha	Russia
country	Maengjungri Station (Chosŏn'gŭl: 맹중리역) is a railway station in Maengjung-rodongjagu, Pakch'ŏn County, North P'yŏngan Province, North Korea.	Maengjungri Station	North Korea
country	Otú Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Otú) (IATA: OTU, ICAO: SKOT) is an airport located in the village of Otú and serving the town of Remedios, a municipality of the Antioquia Department in Colombia.	Otú Airport	Colombia
country	Batajnica (Cyrillic: Батајница, pronounced (bǎtaːjnitsa)) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Batajnica	Serbia
country	Tazrouk (Arabic: تازروك or تاظروك) is a town and commune, and district seat of Tazrouk District in Tamanrasset Province, Algeria.	Tazrouk	Algeria
country	Kanalia (Greek: Κανάλια) is a village in Thessaly, Greece, part of the municipality Rigas Feraios.	Kanalia	Greece
country	Skotina (Greek: Σκοτίνα) is a rural settlement of the former municipality of East Olympos, itself part of the municipality of Dio-Olympos, in the Pieria regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece.	Skotina	Greece
country	Cisterna di Latina is a town and comune in the province of Latina in Lazio, of central Italy.	Cisterna di Latina	Italy
country	Motu Kōkako, also known as Piercy Island or ``The Hole In The Rock'', is located off the north coast of the North Island of New Zealand.	Piercy Island	New Zealand
country	Quethiock (Cornish: Koosek, meaning forested place) is a village and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, roughly five miles east of Liskeard.	Quethiock	United Kingdom
country	Krokowa (krɔˈkɔva) (Kashubian: Krokòwa, German: Krockow) is a village in Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krokowa	Poland
country	A Lim is a village in south-eastern Laos near the border with Vietnam.	A Lim	Laos
country	The Svalbard Rocket Range (Norwegian: Svalbard Rakettskytefelt) or SvalRak is a launch site for sounding rockets at Ny-Ålesund in Svalbard, Norway.	Svalbard Rocket Range	Norway
country	Syagannakh (Russian: Сыаганнах; Sakha: Сыаганнаах) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Mugurdakhsky Rural Okrug of Abyysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 160 kilometers (99 mi) from Belaya Gora, the administrative center of the district.	Syagannakh	Russia
country	Pajikabad (Persian: پاجيك اباد‎, also Romanized as Pājīkābād; also known as Bājīkābād) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District, Jolgeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Pajikabad	Iran
country	Khirbet Tin Nur (Arabic: خربة تين نور‎, also spelled Khirbat at-Teen Nour) is a town in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, west of Homs.	Khirbet Tin Nur	Syria
country	St Francis Island (originally in Dutch: Eyland St. François) is an island on the south coast of South Australia near Ceduna.	St Francis Island	Australia
country	Palmones is a village on the Bay of Gibraltar between Algeciras and La Linea de la Concepcion in the Province of Cádiz in Spain.	Palmones	Spain
country	Maretsch Castle (German: Schloss Maretsch; Italian: Castel Mareccio) is a castle located in the historic center of Bolzano, South Tyrol, northern Italy.	Maretsch Castle	Italy
country	Sheth Chimanlal Nagindas Vidyalaya or Sheth Chimanlal Nagindas Vidyavihar (abbreviated Sheth C. N. Vidyavihar) is a group of educational institutes located within a campus in the Ambavadi area of Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Sheth Chimanlal Nagindas Vidyalaya	India
country	Karagandy-Arena (Kazakh: Қарағанды-Арена) is an ice hockey indoor arena in Karagandy, Kazakhstan.	Karagandy-Arena	Kazakhstan
country	Williams Harbour Airport (IATA: YWM, TC LID: CCA6) is located adjacent to Williams Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Williams Harbour Airport	Canada
country	Ali Nagar Roda is a village located in central Punjab province of Pakistan.	Ali Nagar Roda	Pakistan
country	Naggar is a settlement in the Kullu District of Himachal Pradesh, India.	Naggar	India
country	The Frankfurter Löwen (English: Frankfurt Lions) were an American football team from Frankfurt, Germany.	Frankfurter Löwen	Germany
country	The Munich Business School (MBS) is a private university of applied science located in Munich (Bavaria, Germany).	Munich Business School	Germany
country	Puy-l'Évêque is a commune of France situated in the Lot department, within the Midi-Pyrénées region.	Puy-l'Évêque	France
country	The Tuzla Canton (Bosnian: Tuzlanski kanton) is the third of 10 cantons of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, one of two entities in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tuzla Canton	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) is a collegiate public state university in Karnataka State, India.	Visvesvaraya Technological University	India
country	Parmakkurdu is a village in the Akdeniz district of Mersin Province, Turkey, which itself is a part of Greater Mersin.	Parmakkurdu	Turkey
country	The University of Tartu (Estonian: Tartu Ülikool, Latin: Universitas Tartuensis) is a classical university in the city of Tartu, Estonia.	University of Tartu	Estonia
country	The Universidad Metropolitana Xalapa is a university in the city of Xalapa, Veracruz, Mexico.	Universidad Metropolitana Xalapa	Mexico
country	Etobicoke North (French: Etobicoke-Nord) is a federal electoral district in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1979.	Etobicoke North	Canada
country	The Phare d'Eckmühl, also known as Point Penmarc'h Light or Saint-Pierre Light, is an active lighthouse in Penmarc'h, Finistère department, Brittany, France.	Phare d'Eckmühl	France
country	El Cairo is a town and municipality located in the Department of Valle del Cauca, Colombia.	El Cairo	Colombia
country	University Consortium of Pori (UCPori, Finnish: Porin yliopistokeskus, Swedish: Björneborgs universitetscenter) is one of six University Consortiums of Finland.	University Consortium of Pori	Finland
country	Sosnowe (sɔsˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sosnowe	Poland
country	Kathmandu Medical College And Teaching Hospital (KMCTH) is a medical school located in Kathmandu the capital city of Nepal.	Kathmandu Medical College	Nepal
country	Peak Charles National Park is a national park in Western Australia (Australia), 507 kilometres (315 mi) east of Perth and 100 km (62 mi) north west of Esperance.	Peak Charles National Park	Australia
country	Bubnjarci (until 1918 St. Kosma and Damian) is a village in Croatia on the Slovenian border.	Bubnjarci	Croatia
country	Fond Cochon, is a town in Haiti in the Grand'Anse Department.	Fond Cochon	Haiti
country	Yuvabharathi Public School is a Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) affiliated, co-educational institution located in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.	Yuvabharathi Public School	India
country	Nurabad-e Dasht Abkhvan (Persian: نوراباددشت ابخوان‎, also Romanized as Nūrābād-e Dasht Ābkhvān) is a village in Karvandar Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nurabad-e Dasht Abkhvan	Iran
country	The Hilary Weston Writers' Trust Prize for Nonfiction is a Canadian literary award, presented annually by the Writers' Trust of Canada to the best work of non-fiction by a Canadian writer.	Hilary Weston Writers' Trust Prize for Nonfiction	Canada
country	Situated between the Alburni mountains and the borders of Campania with Basilicata, it is considered a geographical subregion of Cilento and is part of the Cilento and Vallo di Diano National Park, World Heritage Site of Italy from 1998.	Vallo di Diano	Italy
country	Deylaman (Persian: ديلمان‎‎, also Romanized as Deylamān, Dailimān, and Dil’man) is a city in and the capital of Deylaman District, in Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Deylaman	Iran
country	Rozłęka (rɔˈzwɛnka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rozłęka	Poland
country	The Szklary mine is a large mine in the centre of Poland in Szklary, Kłodzko County, 142 km south-west of the capital, Warsaw.	Szklary mine	Poland
country	Hacıcavadlı (also, Gadzhydzhavadly and Khadzhi Dzhavatly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacıcavadlı	Azerbaijan
country	Milford Haven Refinery was an oil refinery situated on the Pembrokeshire coast in Wales, United Kingdom.	Milford Haven Refinery	United Kingdom
country	Sengkang West Single Member Constituency (Chinese: 盛港西单选区; Malay: Kawasan Undi Perseorangan Sengkang West; Tamil: செங்காங் வெஸ்ட் தனித்தொகுதி) is a Single Member Constituency located in the north-eastern region of Singapore.	Sengkang West Single Member Constituency	Singapore
country	Kystatyam (Russian: Кыстатыам; Sakha: Кыстатыам) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Lensky Rural Okrug of Zhigansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 90 kilometers (56 mi) from Zhigansk, the administrative center of the district.	Kystatyam	Russia
country	Blachford Lake, is a remote lake in Northern Canada, near Yellowknife.	Blachford Lake	Canada
country	Humpolec (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦumpolɛts); German: Humpoletz) is a town in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Humpolec	Czech Republic
country	Poocher Swamp Game Reserve is a protected area located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west of Bordertown in South Australia It is located about 240 kilometres (150 mi) south-east of the Adelaide city centre.	Poocher Swamp Game Reserve	Australia
country	Braathens ASA, until 1997 Braathens South American & Far East Airtransport A/S and trading as Braathens SAFE, was a Norwegian airline which operated from 1946 until it merged with Scandinavian Airlines Norway (SAS) in 2004 to become SAS Braathens.	Braathens	Norway
country	Cleto (Greek: Kleto, Klithos) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Cleto	Italy
country	Kaikohe Hill (also Tokareireia) is a 282 m high basaltic scoria cone, in the Kaikohe-Bay of Islands volcanic field in New Zealand.	Kaikohe Hill	New Zealand
country	Veliki Osolnik (German: Großosolnik) is a village west of Rašica in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Veliki Osolnik	Slovenia
country	Šimanov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʃɪmanof)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Šimanov	Czech Republic
country	Manuchehr Kola (Persian: منوچهركلا‎, also Romanized as Manūchehr Kolā) is a village in Kalej Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Manuchehr Kola	Iran
country	Sedir Island (Turkish: Sedir Adası), also known as Cleopatra Island, is a small island in the Gulf of Gökova of southwestern Aegean Sea off the coast of Ula, part of Muğla Province of Turkey.	Sedir Island	Turkey
country	Logashkino (Russian: Лога́шкино) was a settlement in Nizhnekolymsky Ulus of the Sakha Republic, Russia, which was abolished in 1998.	Logashkino	Russia
country	Follega (West Frisian: Follegea) is a small village in De Friese Meren in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Follega	Netherlands
country	TER Basse-Normandie is the regional rail network serving Lower Normandy, France.	TER Basse-Normandie	France
country	The Lötschberg is an Alpine mountain massif and usually associated with a major, historically important transit axis of the Alps in Switzerland with, at its core, the Lötschen Pass (German: Lötschenpass, Swiss German: Lötschepass).	Lötschberg	Switzerland
country	Domus Vista is located in Copenhagen at Roskildevej in Frederiksberg and is, at 102 metres, the tallest residential structure in Denmark and the second tallest residential building in Scandinavia.	Domus Vista	Denmark
country	Tolombeh-ye Khaleqi (Persian: تلمبه خالقی‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Khāleqī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Khaleqi	Iran
country	Maouéni is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros.	Maouéni	Comoros
country	Brčigovo (Serbian: Брчигово) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brčigovo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	'Ksan is a historical village and living museum of the Gitxsan Aboriginal people in the Skeena Country of northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	'Ksan	Canada
country	Cozumel (Spanish pronunciation: (kosu'mel), Yucatec Maya: Kùutsmil, English: Island of the Swallows) is an island in the Caribbean Sea off the eastern coast of Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula, opposite Playa del Carmen, and close to the Yucatán Channel.	Cozumel	Mexico
country	Yazlovets castle is an old castle and palace complex in the former town (now village) of Yazlovets, Buchach Raion, Ternopil oblast, Ukraine.	Yazlovets castle	Ukraine
country	Biskupów (bisˈkupuf) (German Bischofswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchołazy, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Biskupów	Poland
country	The Tavastia Club (Finnish: Tavastia-klubi) is a popular rock music club in Helsinki, Finland.	Tavastia Club	Finland
country	Culatra Island is an island in the Algarve, Portugal.	Culatra Island	Portugal
country	Harnaut is a city in Nalanda district of Bihar state, India.	Harnaut	India
country	Zemo-Monasteri is a settlement in the Tskhinvali district of South Ossetia, a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed.	Zemo-Monasteri	Georgia
country	Harry's New York Bar is a well-known bar in Paris, France.	Harry's New York Bar	France
country	Lichuan Railway Station is a railway station currently being built in Lichuan City, Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Hubei Province of the People's Republic of China.	Lichuan Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Heathfield Senior High School was a secondary school in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, United Kingdom.	Heathfield Senior High School	United Kingdom
country	Adamek (aˈdamɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Adamek	Poland
country	The Battle of Valmy was the first major victory by the army of France during the Revolutionary Wars that followed the French Revolution.	Battle of Valmy	France
country	Odense River (Danish: Odense Å) is a river located on the island of Funen, in central Denmark.	Odense River	Denmark
country	The Eiger Glacier (German: Eigergletscher) is a glacier situated on the north-west side of the Eiger in the Bernese Alps of Switzerland.	Eiger Glacier	Switzerland
country	San Martino Chapel (Italian: Cappella di san Martino) is a chapel in the Lower Basilica of San Francesco in Assisi, Umbria, central Italy.	San Martino Chapel	Italy
country	Kanakh (Persian: كنخ‎; also known as Gankh) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kanakh	Iran
country	Apliki (Greek: Απλίκι) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 4 km northeast of Palaichori.	Apliki	Cyprus
country	The Royal Convent of Santa Clara is a nunnery in Tordesillas, Spain.	Royal Convent of Santa Clara	Spain
country	Obertoggenburg District (German: Bezirk Obertoggenburg) is a former district of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.	Obertoggenburg District	Switzerland
country	Brunary (bruˈnarɨ) (Ukrainian: Брунари, Brunary) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uście Gorlickie, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Brunary	Poland
country	Abyei District was a former district of Sudan, considered part of the state of West Kurdufan.	Abyei District	Sudan
country	Haji Karamabad (Persian: حاجی کرم‌آباد ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Haji Karamabad	Iran
country	Coorinja Vineyard (often referred to as Coorinja Winery or Coorinja Wines) is an Australian winery based at Toodyay, in the Central Western Australia wine zone of Western Australia.	Coorinja Vineyard	Australia
country	Pod Jantym (ˈpɔt ˈjantɨm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pod Jantym	Poland
country	The former gold and coal mining town of Saint Bathans, formerly named Dunstan Creek, lies deep in the heart of the Maniototo in New Zealand's Otago region.	Saint Bathans	New Zealand
country	The Bulverket is the remnants of a large wooden fortification or bulwark at Lake Tingstäde on the island of Gotland, Sweden.	Bulverket	Sweden
country	Muang Xon is a small river town in Houaphanh Province, northeastern Laos.	Muang Xon	Laos
country	Lakhvajeh (Persian: لاخواجه‎, also Romanized as Lākhvājeh) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Lakhvajeh	Iran
country	Hatiara (Bengali: হাতিয়াড়া) is a neighbourhood of Kolkata in West Bengal State, India.	Hatiara	India
country	CHFD-DT is a privately owned television station serving as an affiliate of the Global Television Network in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.	CHFD-DT	Canada
country	Melpignano is a small town and comune in the province of Lecce in Apulia, Italy.	Melpignano	Italy
country	Killinick railway station served the villages of Killinick, Orristown and Assally in County Wexford, Ireland.	Killinick railway station	Ireland
country	Abu Saiba is a village located in the northern part of Bahrain, west of the capital city Manama.	Abu Saiba	Bahrain
country	Trevenna is the residence of the Vice-Chancellor of the University of New England, in Armidale, New South Wales, Australia.	Trevenna	Australia
country	The Abdus Salam School of Mathematical Sciences, also known as School of Mathematical Sciences, abbreviated as ASSMS, is an autonomous research institute affiliated with the Government College University Lahore, Punjab province of Pakistan.	Abdus Salam School of Mathematical Sciences	Pakistan
country	The Slovak Philharmonic (Slovenská filharmónia) is a symphony orchestra in Bratislava, Slovakia.	Slovak Philharmonic	Slovakia
country	Barton's Bush, in Trentham Memorial Park, is the largest remaining area of lowland mixed podocarp/broadleaf forest in the Hutt Valley of New Zealand.	Barton's Bush	New Zealand
country	Mirsale (Somali: Mirsaale) is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Mirsale	Somalia
country	Gođenje (Cyrillic: Гођење) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gođenje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Milanówek (mʲilaˈnuvɛk) is a town and a seat of a separate commune in Poland.	Milanówek	Poland
country	Kharbala 2-ya (Russian: Харбала 2-я) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center, and one of two inhabited localities including Kyndal of Boltoginsky Rural Okrug in Churapchinsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 17 kilometers (11 mi) from Churapcha, the administrative center of the district.	Kharbala 2-ya	Russia
country	Tulu Nadu or Tulunad is a Tulu-speaking region spread over parts of present Karnataka and Kerala States of India.	Tulu Nadu	India
country	Bainet (Haitian Creole: Benè) is a commune in the Bainet Arrondissement, in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.	Bainet	Haiti
country	Bahir Dar Zuria (Amharic ``Greater Bahir Dar Area'') is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.	Bahir Dar Zuria	Ethiopia
country	Siponto (Latin: Sipontum, Greek: Σιπιούς) was an ancient port town of Apulia in southern Italy.	Siponto	Italy
country	Bagaya is a settlement in Senegal in the department Bignona, in the region Ziguinchor Region, in the Casamance area.	Bagaya	Senegal
country	Sciences Po Toulouse, or The Institut d'études politiques de Toulouse is one of the nine Institutes of Political Studies of France.	Institut d'études politiques de Toulouse	France
country	Khujut Rabu' (Arabic: خوجوت رابه‎) is a local area to the South-East of Baghdad, Iraq, near the town of the present-day Salman Pak.	Khujut Rabu	Iraq
country	Plattling station is a central railway hub in eastern Lower Bavaria in southern Germany.	Plattling station	Germany
country	The Ure Museum of Greek Archaeology contains one of the most important collections of Greek antiquities in the United Kingdom.	Ure Museum of Greek Archaeology	United Kingdom
country	Hoodi is one of places around Bangalore, India.	Hoodi	India
country	Vadasht (Persian: واداشت‎, also Romanized as Vādāsht) is a village in Bemani Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Vadasht	Iran
country	La Escuela Moderna (Spanish for ``The Modern School'') was a progressive school that existed briefly at the start of the 20th century in Barcelona (Spain).	Escuela Moderna	Spain
country	Hanoi University of Agriculture has undergone 55 years of construction and growth, the generation of teachers and students is always competition, striving to implement the teachings of Uncle Ho when he visited the school: ``unite, constantly trying to progress forever ''serve effectively for the construction and defense of the socialist Vietnam.	Hanoi University of Agriculture	Vietnam
country	Marcus Passage is a stretch of saltwater on the North Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, offshore from the mouth of the Skeena River, south and west of Smith Island and south of the City of Prince Rupert.	Marcus Passage	Canada
country	Bekaa Kafra (Arabic:بقاع كفرا) is a Lebanese village located in the Bsharri District in Northern Lebanon.	Bekaa Kafra	Lebanon
country	The Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsteːdələk myˈzeːjʏm ˌɑmstərˈdɑm); Municipal Museum Amsterdam), colloquially known as the Stedelijk, is a museum for modern art, contemporary art, and design located in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	Deh-e Khoda Karam (Persian: ده خداكرم‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Khodā Karam and Dehkhodā Karam) is a village in Malmir Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Deh-e Khoda Karam	Iran
country	The Berenguela mine is a large silver mine located in the south-east of Peru in Puno Region.	Berenguela mine	Peru
country	German submarine U-651 was a German Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She was ordered just after the war started in 1939, laid down on 16 January 1940, launched in December that year and commissioned the following February.	German submarine U-651	Nazi Germany
country	Istgah-e Bisheh (Persian: ايستگاه بيشه‎, also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Bīsheh; also known as Bīsheh) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Istgah-e Bisheh	Iran
country	Bodegraven ( pronunciation ) is a town and former municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Bodegraven	Netherlands
country	Shahabi (Persian: شهابي‎, also Romanized as Shahābī) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahabi	Iran
country	Nowa Pilona (ˈnɔva piˈlɔna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Pilona	Poland
country	Solqard (also, Solgart) is a village in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Solqard	Azerbaijan
country	South Health Campus (SHC) is a large hospital in Calgary, in Alberta, Canada.	South Health Campus	Canada
country	Gros Islet (English: Large Island) is a community located near the northern tip of the island country of Saint Lucia.	Gros Islet	Saint Lucia
country	Kippinge Church (Danish: Kippinge Kirke) stands alone, midway between Vester Kippinge and Øster Kippinge in northwestern Falster, Denmark.	Kippinge Church	Denmark
country	Shivavakan (Persian: شيواوكان‎, also Romanized as Shīvāvakān) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shivavakan	Iran
country	The Historical Museum of Crete was founded by the Society of Cretan Historical Studies in 1953 and is housed in a neoclassical building of significant architectural merit (the A. & M. Kalokairinos House, 1903) in the city of Heraklion on Crete, an island of Greece.	Historical Museum of Crete	Greece
country	The Rijksmuseum van Oudheden (English: National Museum of Antiquities) is the national archaeological museum of the Netherlands.	Rijksmuseum van Oudheden	Netherlands
country	Mowtowr-e Idu (Persian: موتورعيدو‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿĪdū) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Idu	Iran
country	Lublewko (luˈblɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lublewko	Poland
country	Pyhävesi is a medium-sized lake located in the southeast of Finland.	Pyhävesi	Finland
country	Kosów Lacki (ˈkɔsuf ˈlat͡skʲi) is a town in Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,152 inhabitants (2004).	Kosów Lacki	Poland
country	Beuerberg Abbey (Kloster Beuerberg), formerly a monastery of the Augustinian Canons, is now the Monastery of the Visitation, Beuerberg, a house of the Visitandines in Eurasburg in Bavaria, Germany.	Beuerberg Abbey	Germany
country	Raffles College of Design and Commerce is a private higher education provider based in Sydney, Australia founded in 1978, making it one of the longest-established art schools in Sydney.	Raffles College of Design and Commerce	Australia
country	Domaine de la Vougeraie is a Burgundy wine producer in the town of Premeaux-Prissey, France.	Domaine de la Vougeraie	France
country	Bronte Beach is a small but popular recreational beach in the eastern suburbs of Sydney, Australia.	Bronte Beach	Australia
country	The Ceyhan River (historically Pyramos or Pyramus (Greek: Πύραμος), Leucosyrus or Jihun) is a river in Anatolia in the south of Turkey.	Ceyhan River	Turkey
country	Thrakomakedones (Greek: Θρακομακεδόνες from Thrace and Macedonia), is a town in the regional unit East Attica, in Attica region, Greece.	Thrakomakedones	Greece
country	Węgorzewo County (Polish: powiat węgorzewski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the border with Russia.	Węgorzewo County	Poland
country	Gyovren (Bulgarian: Гьоврен; Turkish: Gövren) is a village under the municipality of Devin in the Smolyan Province in the southern part of Bulgaria.	Gyovren	Bulgaria
country	Dolnje Mraševo (pronounced (ˈdoːlnjɛ ˈmɾaːʃɛʋɔ)) is a small village in the Municipality of Straža in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolnje Mraševo	Slovenia
country	Tyska Brunnsplan (Swedish: ``German Well Square'') is a small, triangular public square in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Tyska Brunnsplan	Sweden
country	Rakszawa (rakˈʂava) is a village in Łańcut County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Rakszawa	Poland
country	Lewisporte is a town in central Newfoundland Island, Canada, with a population of 3,312.	Lewisporte	Canada
country	Khosrow Basheh-ye Madeh Zaran (Persian: خسروباشه ماده زاران‎, also Romanized as Khosrow Bāsheh-ye Mādeh Zārān; also known as Khosrow Bāsheh, Māveh Zārān, and Posht Gelah) is a village in Zamkan Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khosrow Basheh-ye Madeh Zaran	Iran
country	Epirus (/ᵻˈpaɪərəs/) is a geographical and historical region in southeastern Europe, now shared between Greece and Albania.	Epirus	Greece
country	Gol Station (Norwegian: Gol stasjon) is a train station located at Gol, Norway.	Gol Station	Norway
country	Støvring station is a railway station serving the railway town of Støvring south of Aalborg, Denmark.	Støvring station	Denmark
country	Kurdufan (Arabic: كردفان‎ Kurdufān), also spelled Kordofan, is a former province of central Sudan.	Kurdufan	Sudan
country	San Bernardo Mixtepec (also, San Bernardo and Mixtepec) is a town and municipality in Oaxaca, Mexico.	San Bernardo Mixtepec	Mexico
country	Bernstorffsvej station is a station on the Hillerød radial of the S-train network in Copenhagen, Denmark, only served by the B-train.	Bernstorffsvej station	Denmark
country	The Massive Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies, located in the southwestern area of the Bow River valley in Banff National Park, Canada.	Massive Range	Canada
country	Kankowr (Persian: كانكور‎, also Romanized as Kānkowr) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kankowr	Iran
country	Goedereede (ˌɣudəˈreːdə) is a little town and former municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Goedereede	Netherlands
country	Ortowice (ɔrtɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German Ortowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ortowice	Poland
country	Jamiołki-Piotrowięta (jaˈmjɔu̯ki pjɔtrɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jamiołki-Piotrowięta	Poland
country	The Uzhgorod Synagogue building is located in Uzhhorod, in the present day Zakarpattia Oblast of western Ukraine.	Uzhgorod Synagogue	Ukraine
country	Sierra de Aracena and Picos de Aroche Natural Park (Spanish: Parque natural de Sierra de Aracena y Picos de Aroche) is a protected area in the Sierra de Aracena range, part of the Sierra Morena mountain system, Huelva Province, southwestern Spain.	Sierra de Aracena and Picos de Aroche Natural Park	Spain
country	Gay Lea Foods Co-operative Limited is a dairy products co-operative in Canada producing butter, sour cream, cottage cheese, whipped cream and lactose free milk for retail, foodservice, industrial and export markets.	Gay Lea	Canada
country	Vágur meaning Bay (Danish: Våg) is a town on the island of Suðuroy, part of the Faroe Islands.	Vágur	Faroe Islands
country	El Guayabo River (Rio El Guayabo) is a medium stream in El Salvador, which has moderate to large quantities of fresh water year round, especially from early May through October.	El Guayabo River	El Salvador
country	Agiez is a municipality of the district of Jura-Nord Vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Agiez	Switzerland
country	Llocnou de la Corona (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈʎɔɡˈnɔw ðe la koˈɾona), Spanish: Lugar Nuevo de la Corona) is a municipality in the comarca of Horta Sud in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Llocnou de la Corona	Spain
country	Lalan-e Sofla (Persian: لالان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Lālān-e Soflá; also known as Lālān-e Pā'īnī) is a village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Lalan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Schierke station (German: Bahnhof Schierke) is the railway station in the village of Schierke operated by the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways on the Brocken Railway in the Harz Mountains of central Germany.	Schierke station	Germany
country	The Mandurah railway line is a suburban railway line in Western Australia that runs from Perth south to the state's second largest city Mandurah.	Mandurah railway line	Australia
country	Shanderman Rural District (Persian: دهستان شاندرمن‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shanderman Rural District	Iran
country	Clyde School was founded as a private girls' school in 1910 in Alma Road, St Kilda, Victoria, Australia by Miss Isabel Henderson, a leading educationist of her day.	Clyde School	Australia
country	Dryopida (Greek: Δρυοπίδα) is a village in Kythnos island, Greece.	Dryopida	Greece
country	Tralee Speedway was a Dirt track racing venue located in Jerrabomberra on the New South Wales side of the ACT/NSW border near Canberra, the capital city of Australia.	Tralee Speedway	Australia
country	Dakhla Oasis Airport (IATA: DAK, ICAO: HEDK) is an airport serving the archaeological region of Dakhla Oasis, Egypt.	Dakhla Oasis Airport	Egypt
country	Rovereto railway station (Italian: Ferrovie Stazione di Rovereto) serves the city and comune of Rovereto, in the autonomous province of Trentino, northeastern Italy.	Rovereto railway station	Italy
country	The Atlantic Food and Horticulture Research Centre is a branch of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada's national network of 19 research centres stationed across Canada.	Atlantic Food and Horticulture Research Centre	Canada
country	Tacnis or Taknis, Tècnis, also is a small town in Jebel Akhdar region in north eastern Cyrenaica, Libya.	Tacnis	Libya
country	Bohinjska Bistrica railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Bohinjska Bistrica) is the principal railway station in Bohinjska Bistrica, Slovenia.	Bohinjska Bistrica railway station	Slovenia
country	The Jurong Reptile Park (also known as Jurong Reptile and Crocodile Paradise) was a 2-hectare (4.9-acre) reptile zoo located within the Boon Lay Planning Area of the Jurong district in Singapore.	Jurong Reptile Park	Singapore
country	The Eurasia Tunnel (Turkish: Avrasya Tüp Tüneli) is a road tunnel under construction in Istanbul, Turkey, crossing the Bosphorus strait undersea.	Eurasia Tunnel	Turkey
country	Samartu (Persian: ثمرتو‎, also Romanized as S̄amartū) is a village in Dul Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Samartu	Iran
country	The Congress of Democrats (CoD) is a political party in Namibia, led by Ben Ulenga.	Congress of Democrats	Namibia
country	Ulsan Grand Park is the largest urban park in South Korea, with 36.4 square kilometres (14.1 square miles) of park land.	Ulsan Grand Park	South Korea
country	The Hotlines are a British pop punk band who formed in the United Kingdom in 2007.	The Hotlines	United Kingdom
country	Jędrzejów Abbey is a former Cistercian abbey founded in the 12th century in Poland.	Jędrzejów Abbey	Poland
country	Agadez, formerly spelled Agades, is the largest city in central Niger, with a population of 88,569 (2005 census).	Agadez	Niger
country	Mets Mantash (Armenian: Մեծ Մանթաշ, also Romanized as Mets Mant’ash and Metz Mantash; also, Mantash and Russified as Bol’shoy Mantash; formerly, Mets Arikhvali) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Mets Mantash	Armenia
country	Diakovce (Hungarian: Deáki) is an old village and municipality in Šaľa District, in the Nitra Region of southwest Slovakia.	Diakovce	Slovakia
country	La Gi (pronounced:/la-zi/) is a District-level town (thị xã) of Bình Thuận Province, Vietnam.	La Gi	Vietnam
country	Myślakowice (mɨɕlakɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odrzywół, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Myślakowice	Poland
country	The Berufsgenossenschaftliche Kliniken Bergmannstrost Halle is the teaching hospital facility of University of Halle-Wittenberg, located in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt (Germany).	Berufsgenossenschaftliche Kliniken Bergmannstrost Halle	Germany
country	Moorreesburg is a rural town situated about 90 kilometres (60 mi) north of Cape Town, in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Moorreesburg	South Africa
country	Chittagong Collegiate School and College is a government educational institution in Chittagong, the southern port city in Bangladesh.	Chittagong Collegiate School and College	Bangladesh
country	The Kinangop Plateau is a region in Kenya that lies between the Kenyan Rift Valley to the west and the Aberdare Range to the east.	Kinangop Plateau	Kenya
country	The Universidad de Morón (University of Morón) is a private university located in Morón, Buenos Aires, Argentina, founded in 1960.	Universidad de Morón	Argentina
country	Guelph (i/ɡwɛlf/; Canada 2011 Census population 121,668) is a city in southwestern Ontario, Canada.	Guelph	Canada
country	Falsztyn ((ˈfalʂtɨn), Slovak: Falštín, German: Falkenstein, Hungarian: Falstin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapsze Niżne, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Falsztyn	Poland
country	Zarubyntsi (Ukrainian: Зарубинці, Polish: Zarubińce) is a small village in Ukraine (formerly in Poland), situated 6--7 km from Zbarazh in the Ternopil Oblast.	Zarubyntsi	Ukraine
country	Eito is a settlement in the northeastern part of the island of Santo Antão, Cape Verde.	Eito	Cape Verde
country	Fitches Creek is a very affluent coastal neighbourhood in the island nation of Antigua and Barbuda.	Fitches Creek	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Valkounsky House (Czech: Valkounský dům) is a house at 14 Nerudova street in northwestern Prague, Czech Republic, to the southeast of Prague Castle.	Valkounsky House	Czech Republic
country	Zamanlı (also, Zamanly) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Zamanlı	Azerbaijan
country	The Ahmedabad Textile Industry's Research Association (commonly known as ATIRA) is an autonomous non-profit association for textile research located in the Navarangpura area of Ahmedabad, India.	Ahmedabad Textile Industry's Research Association	India
country	The Iglesia San Sebastián Mártir (English: Church of Saint Sebastian the Martyr) in San Sebastián, Puerto Rico dates from 1897.	Iglesia San Sebastián Mártir	Puerto Rico
country	Zavrč (pronounced (ˈzaːʋəɾtʃ)) is a settlement and a municipality in the Haloze area of Slovenia.	Zavrč	Slovenia
country	Argos-Mykines (Greek: Άργος-Μυκήνες) is a municipality in the Argolis regional unit, Peloponnese, Greece.	Argos-Mykines	Greece
country	Internationales Figurentheaterfestival is a theatre festival in Germany.	Internationales Figurentheaterfestival	Germany
country	Aneto is the highest mountain in the Pyrenees and in Aragon, and Spain's third-highest mountain, reaching a height of 3,404 metres (11,168 ft).	Aneto	Spain
country	Drumheller-Stettler is a provincial electoral district (riding) in Alberta, Canada.	Drumheller-Stettler	Canada
country	The Florentino Ameghino Dam (Dique Florentino Ameghino) is a gravity dam in Chubut Province, Patagonia, Argentina, 140 kilometres (87 mi) west of the city of Trelew.	Florentino Ameghino Dam	Argentina
country	The Larcis (Occitan: Arsís) is a river in Southwestern France.	Larcis	France
country	Pidvolochysk (Ukrainian: Підволочиськ, Polish: Podwołoczyska, Yiddish: Podvolitchisk, פּאָדוואָלאָטשיסק‎, Russian: Подволочиск) is an urban-type settlement in Ternopil Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Pidvolochysk	Ukraine
country	Lempdes (French pronunciation (lɑ̃ːd)) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.	Lempdes	France
country	Pamesar (Persian: پامسار‎, also Romanized as Pāmesār and Pāmsār) is a village in Lulaman Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pamesar	Iran
country	The Bird Island Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located near Budgewoi in the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Bird Island Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Chah-e Zarqani (Persian: چاه زرقاني‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Zarqānī) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Zarqani	Iran
country	Gan Ner (Hebrew: גַּן נֵר, lit. Candle Garden) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Gan Ner	Israel
country	Chipinge District has one of the oldest mission centers in Zimbabwe.	Chipinge District	Zimbabwe
country	Berjaya Hills Resort (formerly Bukit Tinggi Resort) is a hill resort in Bukit Tinggi, Pahang, Malaysia near the Genting Highlands.	Berjaya Hills Resort	Malaysia
country	Novi Svet (pronounced (ˈnɔːʋi ˈsʋeːt)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Hotedršica in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Novi Svet	Slovenia
country	Knatten is a small village near Sveg, Sweden, which is in Harjedalen province.	Knatten	Sweden
country	Plisko Polje is a village in Croatia, located on the island of Vis.	Plisko Polje	Croatia
country	Lipník nad Bečvou (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlɪpɲiːk ˈnad bɛtʃvou̯); German: Leipnik) is a small town located in the Olomouc Region, in the eastern part of the Czech Republic.	Lipník nad Bečvou	Czech Republic
country	Iraia (Greek: Ηραία) is a former municipality in Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Iraia	Greece
country	Baramba is a village and administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune of Nampé in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Baramba	Mali
country	Hosteni (English: The Goad) is a satire magazine, published in Albania.	Hosteni	Albania
country	Swissôtel The Stamford (Chinese: 史丹福瑞士酒店), formerly known as the Westin Stamford, is a hotel in Singapore managed by Swissôtel Hotels & Resorts.	Swissôtel The Stamford	Singapore
country	Ramsar International Airport (IATA: RZR, ICAO: OINR) is an airport in Ramsar, Mazandaran province, Iran.	Ramsar International Airport	Iran
country	Girdə (also, Girde) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Girdə	Azerbaijan
country	Valsgärde or Vallsgärde is a farm on the Fyris river, about three kilometres north of Gamla Uppsala, the ancient centre of the Swedish kings and of the pagan faith in Sweden.	Valsgärde	Sweden
country	Karachi Export Processing Zone or KEPZ, is located adjacent to the Landhi Industrial Area in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Karachi Export Processing Zone	Pakistan
country	Radenci (pronounced (ˈɾaːdɛntsi)) is a town on the right bank of the Mura River in the Mura Statistical Region of northeastern Slovenia.	Radenci	Slovenia
country	The starting point of the Findel Glacier is on the Cima di Jazzi at 3,803 m (12,477 ft) above sea level, on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Findel Glacier	Switzerland
country	Tirana International Hotel (also referred to as Albanian: Pesëmbëdhjetëkatëshi, English: The Fifteen-floors) is an international hotel located between the central Skanderbeg Square and the Zogu I Boulevard in central Tirana, Albania.	Tirana International Hotel	Albania
country	Kuh Lahru (Persian: كوه لهرو‎, also Romanized as Kūh Lahrū) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kuh Lahru	Iran
country	DWSR is an AM relay station of DZRH owned and operated by Manila Broadcasting Company and affiliated by WRD Media Channels Production in the Philippines.	DWSR	Philippines
country	Åkra Church (Norwegian: Åkra kirke) is a parish church in Karmøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Åkra Church	Norway
country	Joensuun Palloseura (abbreviated JoPS) is a football club from Joensuu, Finland.	Joensuun Palloseura	Finland
country	Nowe Chrapowo (ˈnɔvɛ xraˈpɔvɔ) (German: Neu Grape) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielice, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowe Chrapowo	Poland
country	Golman is a village in Pirojpur District in the Barisal Division of southwestern Bangladesh.	Golman	Bangladesh
country	Abasár is a village (population 2,593) in Heves county in Hungary, situated near Gyöngyös in the foothills of the Mátra mountains.	Abasár	Hungary
country	The Peggy Guggenheim Collection is a modern art museum on the Grand Canal in the Dorsoduro sestiere of Venice, Italy.	Peggy Guggenheim Collection	Italy
country	Kahriz-e Sardar (Persian: كهريزسردار‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Sardār) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Sardar	Iran
country	Julita Abbey was a monastery for Cistercian monks in the parish of Julita in Oppunda Hundred, Södermanland, Sweden.	Julita Abbey	Sweden
country	Masiri (Persian: مصيرئ‎, also Romanized as Maşīrī and Masīrī) is a city in and the capital of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Masiri	Iran
country	Hacienda La Sabana near Camuy, Puerto Rico, was built in 1773.	Hacienda La Sabana	Puerto Rico
country	Three Takes is a lifestyle-based show that appears on the Slice Network in Canada.	Three Takes	Canada
country	The Cygnet Folk Festival is a three-day folk music festival held in Cygnet in Tasmania, Australia, that is held annually on the second weekend in January.	Cygnet Folk Festival	Australia
country	Regina Pacis Catholic Secondary School (Regina Pacis CSS, RPCSS, Regina Pacis High, or Pacis in short) is a former Catholic High school located in the Downsview neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada part of the Toronto Catholic District School Board.	Regina Pacis Catholic Secondary School	Canada
country	The 2011 Fergana Valley earthquake was a magnitude 6.1 Mw earthquake that struck the Fergana Valley region, affecting Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.	2011 Fergana Valley earthquake	Uzbekistan	Kyrgyzstan
country	Jaśliska (jaˈɕlʲiska) (Ukrainian: Яслиська, Yaslys’ka) is a village in Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Jaśliska	Poland
country	The Middendorff Bay and adjacent islands belong to the Krasnoyarsk Krai administrative division of the Russian Federation and the whole area is part of the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve, the largest nature reserve of Russia.	Middendorff Bay	Russia
country	Olmen is a village that lies in Belgium, in the province of Antwerp.	Olmen	Belgium
country	Alaotra-Mangoro is a region in eastern Madagascar.	Alaotra-Mangoro	Madagascar
country	Udawalawe is a small town located in the southern part of the Ratnapura District in Sri Lanka.	Udawalawe	Sri Lanka
country	An Hà is a commune (xã) and village in Lạng Giang District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam.	An Hà	Vietnam
country	Šulinci (pronounced (ˈʃuːlintsi); Hungarian: Sándorvölgy) is a village in the Municipality of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Šulinci	Slovenia
country	Josefsplatz (English: Joseph's Square) is a public square located at the Hofburg Palace in Vienna, Austria.	Josefsplatz	Austria
country	Campo de' Fiori (Italian: (ˈkampo de ˈfjoːri)) is a rectangular square south of Piazza Navona in Rome, Italy, at the border between rione Parione and rione Regola.	Campo de' Fiori	Italy
country	The Horoirangi Marine Reserve, sometimes referred to as the Glenduan Marine Reserve, is situated to the north east of Nelson in New Zealand.	Horoirangi Marine Reserve	New Zealand
country	Oncallı (also, Ondzhally) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Oncallı	Azerbaijan
country	Kazykhanly (also, Kazynkhaly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kazykhanly	Azerbaijan
country	The Beishi River (Chinese: 北勢溪; Hanyu Pinyin: Běishì Xī; Tongyong Pinyin: Běishìh Si; Wade--Giles: Pei3-shih4 Hsi1) is a river in northern Taiwan.	Beishi River	Taiwan
country	Sonoma Adventist College is a co-educational tertiary institution situated in Kokopo in Papua New Guinea.	Sonoma Adventist College	Papua New Guinea
country	Štíty (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʃciːtɪ); until 1949 Šilperk German: Schildberg) is a small town in the Olomouc Region of Moravia, in the Czech Republic.	Štíty	Czech Republic
country	Saint-Dionisy (formerly spelled Saint-Dionizy) is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.	Saint-Dionisy	France
country	Fort Beaufort is a town in the Amatole District of South Africa's Eastern Cape Province, and had a population of 25,668 in 2011.	Fort Beaufort	South Africa
country	Lake Callabonna is a dry salt lake with little to no vegetation located the Far North region of South Australia.	Lake Callabonna	Australia
country	Himmelpforten (Low Saxon: Himmelpoorten) is a municipality west of Hamburg (Germany) in the district of Stade in Lower Saxony.	Himmelpforten	Germany
country	The Préfecture des Hauts-de-Seine is an administrative building located in Nanterre, in the inner suburbs of Paris, France.	Préfecture des Hauts-de-Seine	France
country	Bat Hen (Hebrew: בת חן‎, lit. Daughter of Grace) is a communal settlement in central Israel.	Bat Hen	Israel
country	The Dabong railway station is a Malaysian train station stationed at and named after the town of Dabong, Kelantan, Malaysia.	Dabong railway station	Malaysia
country	Gorenje Jelenje (in older sources also Gorenje Jeline, German: Oberjeline) is a settlement northwest of Dole in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Gorenje Jelenje	Slovenia
country	Kenora District is a district and census division in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Kenora District	Canada
country	Liverpool Regional High School (LRHS) is a secondary school located in Liverpool, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Liverpool Regional High School	Canada
country	None railway station (Italian: Stazione di None) serves the town and comune of None, in the Piedmont region, northwestern Italy.	None railway station	Italy
country	Wiener EV is a former ice hockey team that was located in Vienna, Austria.	Wiener EV	Austria
country	The Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira (pronounced: (ˈsupɛɾ ˈtasɐ ˈkɐ̃didu dɨ oliˈvɐjɾɐ); English: Cândido de Oliveira Super Cup, or Portuguese Super Cup) is an annual Portuguese football match contested by the champions of the previous Primeira Liga season and the holders of the Taça de Portugal.	Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira	Portugal
country	Gričice (pronounced (ˈɡɾiːtʃitsɛ); in older sources also Gričica, German: Obermitterdorf) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia.	Gričice	Slovenia
country	Bytoń (ˈbɨtɔɲ) (German: Bütten) is a village in Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bytoń	Poland
country	Anjarak-e Bala (Persian: انجیرک بالا ‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Anjarak-e Bala	Iran
country	Saint-Mury-Monteymond is a commune in the Isère French Department in the Region Rhône-Alpes of France.	Saint-Mury-Monteymond	France
country	Orkdalen or Orkladalen (English: Orkla Valley) is a traditional Norwegian district in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Orkdalen	Norway
country	Rezvankadeh (Persian: رضوانكده‎, also Romanized as Reẕvānkadeh) is a village in Muzaran Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Rezvankadeh	Iran
country	Minden Hills is a township in and the county seat of Haliburton County, Ontario, Canada.	Minden Hills	Canada
country	Arako Kannon, also known as Jōkai-san Enryū-in Kannon-ji (荒子観音) is a Buddhist temple located in Nagoya in central Japan.	Arako Kannon	Japan
country	Nayau is an island of Fiji, a member of the Lau archipelago.	Nayau	Fiji
country	González Byass is one of Spain's most well-known sherry bodegas.	González Byass	Spain
country	Tytsjerk (Dutch: Tietjerk ) is a village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands.	Tytsjerk	Netherlands
country	Novoseltsovo (Armenian: Նովոսելցովո) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Novoseltsovo	Armenia
country	The Armero tragedy (Spanish: Tragedia de Armero (tɾaˈxeðja ðe arˈmeɾo)) was one of the major consequences of the eruption of the Nevado del Ruiz stratovolcano in Tolima, Colombia, on November 13, 1985.	Armero tragedy	Colombia
country	Vorga (Russian: Ворга) is a rural locality (a selo) in Yershichsky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia.	Vorga	Russia
country	Kolonia Brzeźce (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈbʐɛɕt͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Brzeźce	Poland
country	Favaios (Portuguese pronunciation: (fɐˈvajuʃ)) is a civil parish of the municipality of Alijó, in northern Portugal.	Favaios	Portugal
country	Horch was a car brand manufactured in Germany by August Horch & Cie, at the beginning of the 20th century.	Horch	Germany
country	Derbyshire Children's Hospital is a children's hospital, which is run by Derby Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust in Derby, Derbyshire in the United Kingdom.	Derbyshire Children's Hospital	United Kingdom
country	Toad River/Mile 422 (Alaska Highway) Airport, (TC LID: CBK7), is located adjacent to Toad River, British Columbia, Canada.	Toad River/Mile 422 (Alaska Highway) Airport	Canada
country	Čanje (pronounced (ˈtʃaːnjɛ)) is a settlement in the hills above Blanca in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Čanje	Slovenia
country	On 5 May 2008 Animexx became a member of Verband Deutsch-Japanischer Gesellschaften, a group of organizations and people interested the relations between Japan and Germany.	Animexx	Germany
country	Alberta (Provisional District) was a federal electoral district in the Northwest Territories, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1887 to 1908.	Alberta (Provisional District)	Canada
country	Maghnia (Arabic: مغنية‎) (formerly Marnia) is a town in Tlemcen Province, northwestern Algeria.	Maghnia	Algeria
country	The Basilica of San Simpliciano is a church in the centre of Milan, northern Italy, the second oldest in the form of a Latin cross, first erected by Saint Ambrose.	Basilica of San Simpliciano	Italy
country	Gudarzi (Persian: گودرزي‎, also Romanized as Gūdarzī, Goodarzi, and Gowdarzī; also known as Gowd-e Razī and Manţaqeh-ye Gowdarzī) is a village in Khuzi Rural District, Varavi District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gudarzi	Iran
country	The Coffin Block Building at Front and Church Streets was the first Flatiron building in Toronto, Canada.	Coffin Block Building	Canada
country	Blichowo (bliˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Blichowo	Poland
country	John Willcock College is a comprehensive public middle school located in Geraldton, a regional centre 424 kilometres (263 mi) north west of Perth, Western Australia.	John Willcock College	Australia
country	The Rally of Progressive National Democrats (Rassemblement des Démocrates Nationaux Progressistes, RDNP) is a political party in Haiti.	Rally of Progressive National Democrats	Haiti
country	Lac d'Arboréiaz is a lake in Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses and Colomieu in the Ain department of France.	Lac d'Arboréiaz	France
country	Sela pri Dobovi (pronounced (ˈseːla pɾi ˈdoːbɔʋi)) is a settlement northwest of Dobova in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Sela pri Dobovi	Slovenia
country	Frostastaðavatn (Icelandic for lake of the frosty place) is a lake in Iceland.	Frostastaðavatn	Iceland
country	In terms of size, Cedarbrae Mall may be the eighty-ninth largest shopping mall in Canada with a floor area of 548,000 sq ft (50,911 m2).	Cedarbrae Mall	Canada
country	The Australia/Israel & Jewish Affairs Council (AIJAC), is an organisation headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.	AIJAC	Australia
country	Kruisfontein is a forestry station near Humansdorp in the Eastern Cape of South Africa.	Kruisfontein	South Africa
country	Austral Downs Station most commonly known as Austral Downs is a cattle station on the Barkly Tableland in the Northern Territory, Australia.	Austral Downs	Australia
country	Dobroselo (Serbian Cyrillic: Добросело) is a village in Croatia.	Dobroselo	Croatia
country	The Nekite River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing south to the head of Smith Inlet.	Nekite River	Canada
country	Ahi'ezer (Hebrew: אֲחִיעֶזֶר, Arabic: أحيعيزر‎) is a religious moshav in central Israel.	Ahi'ezer	Israel
country	The Supreme Court of Christmas Island was the highest court for Christmas Island, an external territory of Australia.	Supreme Court of Christmas Island	Australia
country	Lettomanoppello is a town and comune in Pescara province, in Abruzzo, central Italy.	Lettomanoppello	Italy
country	Enkoor is a sub division in Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh, India .	Enkoor	India
country	Rusinowa (former, German name: Reußendorf) is a town of Poland and now part of the town Wałbrzych.	Rusinowa	Poland
country	Ixelles (French pronunciation: (iksɛl); Dutch: Elsene pronounced (ˈɛlsənə)) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium.	Ixelles	Belgium
country	Martil (Arabic: مرتيل‎) is a sea resort northeast of Tetouan, Morocco in the Mediterranean Sea.	Martil	Morocco
country	Borowe-Gryki (bɔˈrɔvɛ ˈɡrɨki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Borowe-Gryki	Poland
country	General Gordon Elementary School is an elementary school in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	General Gordon Elementary School	Canada
country	Oakley Creek (Māori name Te Auaunga) is a creek in Auckland, New Zealand.	Oakley Creek	New Zealand
country	Garegnano Charterhouse, also known as Milan Charterhouse (Italian: Certosa di Garegnano or Certosa di Milano) is a former Carthusian monastery, or charterhouse, located on the outskirts of Milan, Italy, in the Garegnano district.	Garegnano Charterhouse	Italy
country	Khardon Kalan (sometimes written as Khardoun Kalan, khardone kalan, खरदोंन कलाँ) is a village of Malwa region in Madhya Pradesh (MP), India.	Khardon Kalan	India
country	Pudliszki (puˈdliʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pudliszki	Poland
country	Koppal Airport (ICAO: VOKP) is the small private airport serving Koppal, and Hospet both cities in the Karnataka state of India.	Koppal Airport	India
country	Corriere del Ticino is a regional daily newspaper in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.	Corriere del Ticino	Switzerland
country	Katwijk aan Zee is the home town of Netherlands forward Dirk Kuyt who currently plays for Feyenoord.	Katwijk aan Zee	Netherlands
country	Gunah Bakhan (Persian: گونه باخان‎, also Romanized as Gūnah Bākhān) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gunah Bakhan	Iran
country	Boslowick is a suburb on the western edge of Falmouth within Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Boslowick	United Kingdom
country	Bériaboukro is a village in south-central Ivory Coast.	Bériaboukro	Ivory Coast
country	Whatì Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEQ8), is located on Lac La Martre near Whatì, Northwest Territories, Canada and is open from the middle of June until the middle of October.	Whatì Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Lund 1 Runestone, designated as DR 314 in the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone originally located on the grounds of the All Saints Church in Lund, Scania, Sweden.	Lund 1 Runestone	Sweden
country	Kuvempu University is a public state university located in Shimoga, Karnataka, India.	Kuvempu University	India
country	The Mainz Basin (German: Mainzer Becken) or Rhine-Main Basin is the name given to a Cenozoic marine basin that covered the area of the present-day region of Rhenish Hesse in Germany about 38 to 12 million years ago (38 - 12 mya).	Mainz Basin	Germany
country	Gyulmirza (also, Gyul’mirza) is a village in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gyulmirza	Azerbaijan
country	Holland Bloorview Kids Rehabilitation Hospital is Canada's largest children's rehabilitation hospital.	Holland Bloorview Kids Rehabilitation Hospital	Canada
country	The Aiguille du Plat de la Selle, 3,596 m, is a mountain in the Soreiller group of the Dauphiné Alps in south-eastern France.	Aiguille du Plat de la Selle	France
country	Tahannaout or Tahnaout is a town and commune, capital of Al Haouz Province of the Marrakesh-Safi region of Morocco.	Tahannaout	Morocco
country	Sankt Veit im Mühlkreis is a municipality in the district of Rohrbach in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Sankt Veit im Mühlkreis	Austria
country	The Secretary of State for Innovation, Universities and Skills was a Cabinet minister in the United Kingdom, heading the Department for Innovation, Universities and Skills (DIUS).	Secretary of State for Innovation, Universities and Skills	United Kingdom
country	Buffer Zone II (Urdu: بفر ذون ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of North Nazimabad Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Buffer Zone II	Pakistan
country	The Oberhof bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track is a venue used for bobsled, luge and skeleton located in Oberhof, Germany.	Oberhof bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track	Germany
country	The Tarim River (Mandarin Tǎlǐmù Hé, 塔里木河; Uyghur: تارىم دەرياسى), known in Sanskrit as the Śītā is the principal river of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region in the People's Republic of China.	Tarim River	People's Republic of China
country	The Pedro Muñoz Seca Municipal Theater (Teatro Municipal Pedro Muñoz Seca) is a 600-seat theater located in El Puerto de Santa María, Cadiz, Spain.	Pedro Muñoz Seca Municipal Theater	Spain
country	Byxelkrok is a locality situated on the northern end of Öland, Sweden.	Byxelkrok	Sweden
country	Karaikal taluk is a taluk of Karaikal District of Puducherry, India.	Karaikal taluk	India
country	Pocharam Wildlife Sanctuary is a forest and wildlife sanctuary located 15 km (9.3 mi) from Medak and 115 km (71 mi) from Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Pocharam Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Kato Kastritsi (Greek: Κάτω Καστρίτσι) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Rio, Achaea, Greece.	Kato Kastritsi	Greece
country	Żyrardów County (Polish: powiat żyrardowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Żyrardów County	Poland
country	Mahboula is a town in Kuwait bound by Fintas, Abu Halifa, the road numbered 30 (also called the Fahaheel Expressway) and the Persian Gulf.	Mahboula	Kuwait
country	The Buxton National Historic Site and Museum is a tribute to the Elgin Settlement, established in 1849 by Rev. William King and an association which included Lord Elgin, then the Governor General of Canada.	Buxton National Historic Site and Museum	Canada
country	Bukorovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Букоровац) is a village in Pivara municipality in Kragujevac city district in the Šumadija District of central Serbia.	Bukorovac	Serbia
country	Caño Guanaparo, also known as the Guanare Viejo River, is a river of Venezuela.	Caño Guanaparo	Venezuela
country	Hume Dam, formerly the Hume Weir, is a major dam across the Murray River downstream of its junction with the Mitta River in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.	Hume Dam	Australia
country	Kiełcz (kʲɛu̯t͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Kiełcz	Poland
country	The Newell Falls is a waterfall on an unnamed stream that is located in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia.	Newell Falls	Australia
country	Strömsholm is a locality situated, in the vicinity of Herrskogen, in Hallstahammar Municipality, Västmanland County, Sweden with 664 inhabitants in 2010.	Strömsholm	Sweden
country	Kattusseri is a small village in Alathur Taluk, in the Palakkad district of Kerala, south India.	Kattusseri	India
country	Hillion (Breton: Hilion, Gallo: Hilion) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Hillion	France
country	Mankweng is a township in Capricorn District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Mankweng	South Africa
country	Sipirok is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and the seat (capital) of South Tapanuli Regency.	Sipirok	Indonesia
country	The Palmiet Pumped Storage Scheme consists of two 200 megawatts (270,000 hp) turbine units located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) upstream of the Kogelberg Dam on the Palmiet River near Cape Town, South Africa.	Palmiet Pumped Storage Scheme	South Africa
country	Bevrnjići (Serbian: Беврњићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bevrnjići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Karmiel (Hebrew: כַּרְמִיאֵל, lit. ``God's vineyards'') is a city in northern Israel.	Karmiel	Israel
country	The Vain Stakes is a Group 3 Thoroughbred horse race for three year old colts and geldings held under set weights with penalties conditions, over a distance of 1100 metres, held at Caulfield Racecourse, Melbourne, Australia annually in August.	Vain Stakes	Australia
country	Lubostroń (luˈbɔstrɔɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lubostroń	Poland
country	Kuhgrat (or Kuegrat) is the highest of a group of three peaks known as the Drei Schwestern which between them form part of the Austria-Liechtenstein border.	Kuhgrat	Liechtenstein
country	Skrudaliena Parish (Latvian: Skrudalienas pagasts) is an administrative unit of Daugavpils Municipality, Latvia.	Skrudaliena Parish	Latvia
country	Hronov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦronof)) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Hronov	Czech Republic
country	Varziad (Persian: ورزید‎, also Romanized as Varzīad; also known as Varzīat) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Varziad	Iran
country	Barretto National High School, formerly known as Barragay High School then changed to Barretto High School, is a school in Barrangay Barretto, Olongapo City, Province of Zambales, Philippines.	Barretto National High School	Philippines
country	Piwniczna-Zdrój (pʲivˈɲit͡ʂna ˈzdrui̯) (until 1999 Piwniczna) is a town in Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Poland, near the border with Slovakia.	Piwniczna-Zdrój	Poland
country	Moyamba is the capital and largest city of Moyamba District, in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone, with a population of 11,485 in the 2004 census..	Moyamba	Sierra Leone
country	Amuri County is one of the former counties of New Zealand, in the area that is now the north of Canterbury Region.	Amuri County	New Zealand
country	Chah Kharbozeh (Persian: چاه خربزه‎, also Romanized as Chāh Kharbozeh) is a village in Chupanan Rural District, Anarak District, Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chah Kharbozeh	Iran
country	The Psefir River (Russian: Псефирь) is a river in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, which flows into the Kuban River.	Psefir River	Russia
country	Ledići (Cyrillic: Ледићи) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ledići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Camp Opemikon is owned and operated by Scouts Canada, Voyageur Council.	Camp Opemikon	Canada
country	Mount Roskill Grammar School has been described by the New Zealand Herald in 2007 as the ``best public school in New Zealand''.	Mount Roskill Grammar School	New Zealand
country	The Universidad Centroccidental Lisandro Alvarado (UCLA) is a public university of Venezuela located in Barquisimeto.	Universidad Centroccidental Lisandro Alvarado	Venezuela
country	Ibrahim Town is a locality within the city of Multan in the province of Punjab in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.	Ibrahim Town	Pakistan
country	Vesilahti (Swedish: Vesilax) is a municipality of Finland.	Vesilahti	Finland
country	Exchange Plaza is a 40-storey skyscraper in Perth, Western Australia.	Exchange Plaza	Australia
country	School District 73 Kamloops/Thompson a school district based in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.	School District 73 Kamloops/Thompson	Canada
country	Angsana Hotel & Suites (known as Damas Towers during construction) is a complex of two towers along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Angsana Hotel & Suites	United Arab Emirates
country	The deconsecrated church of San Gennaro all’Olmo is a former religious edifice located in the city center of Naples, Italy, on Via San Gregorio Armeno.	San Gennaro all’Olmo	Italy
country	The Kasserine Dam was a Roman dam at Kasserine (ancient Cillium), Tunisia.	Kasserine Dam	Tunisia
country	Mount Muria or Gunung Muria is a dormant volcano on the north coast of Java, Indonesia.	Mount Muria	Indonesia
country	Merig is a small island located 20 km east of Gaua, in the Banks Islands of northern Vanuatu.	Merig	Vanuatu
country	The Daniel Alcides Carrión Province (Spanish: Provincia de Daniel Alcides Carrión) is the smallest of three provinces that make up the Pasco Region in Peru.	Daniel Alcides Carrión Province	Peru
country	Ladra (pronounced (ˈlaːdɾa)) is a village on the left bank of the Soča River near Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Ladra	Slovenia
country	Sohag International Airport (IATA: HMB, ICAO: HESG) is an airport serving Sohag which is located in the Sohag Governorate of Egypt.	Sohag International Airport	Egypt
country	Phu Cat Airport (IATA: UIH, ICAO: VVPC) (Vietnamese: Sân bay Phù Cát) is the airport serving Qui Nhơn, Vietnam.	Phu Cat Airport	Vietnam
country	The St Austell River (Cornish: Dowr an Wynyk, meaning the little white river) properly known as the River Vinnick, but historically called The White River, is a 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) long river located in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Austell River	United Kingdom
country	Mingun (Burmese: မင်းကွန်းမြို့; MLCTS: mang: kwan mrui. (mɪ́ɴɡʊ́ɴ mjo̰)) is a town in Sagaing Region, northwest Myanmar (Burma), located 11 km up the Ayeyarwady River on the west bank from Mandalay.	Mingun	Myanmar
country	Gokyo Ri, aka Gokyo Peak (5,357 m, 17,575 ft above sea level), is a peak in the Khumbu region of the Nepal Himalayas.	Gokyo Ri	Nepal
country	Queensland State Equestrian Centre is an equestrian sport venue located in Caboolture, Brisbane, Australia.	Queensland State Equestrian Centre	Australia
country	Fiche (also spelled Fikke) is a town in central Ethiopia.	Fiche	Ethiopia
country	Whitecaps FC Prospects was a Canadian soccer team based in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.	Whitecaps FC Prospects	Canada
country	The Old Canberra Inn is one of the earliest licensed pubs in the Canberra region, Australia.	Old Canberra Inn	Australia
country	The only village is Venø By in the centre of the island and has Denmark's smallest church as well as a small fishing harbour which is suitable for pleasure boats.	Venø	Denmark
country	Okalewko (ɔkaˈlɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Okalewko	Poland
country	Shahrak-e Gowd Band (Persian: شهرك گودبند‎; also known as Gowd-e Band and Shahrak-e Gowd Band-e Posht Gach) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Gowd Band	Iran
country	Mulanje Mountain Forest Reserve is a nature reserve founded in 1927 in Malawi.	Mulanje Mountain Forest Reserve	Malawi
country	A leading classic retail grocery trader in Germany, Mestemacher specializes in pre-packaged Vollkornbrot - German-style dark wholegrain bread and other international varieties.	Mestemacher	Germany
country	Tešanj is a town and municipality in the northern part of Bosnia and Herzegovina, located near Teslić, Doboj and Zavidovići.	Tešanj	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Dul Qabarstan (Persian: دول قبرستان‎, also Romanized as Dūl Qabarstān) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dul Qabarstan	Iran
country	The extensive ruins of the abbey church of Beauly Priory with funerary monuments (notably including those of the Mackenzie family) are managed by Historic Scotland.	Beauly	Scotland
country	Thatchchanthoppu is a small town in Sri Lanka, located within the Northern Province.	Thatchchanthoppu	Sri Lanka
country	Sirop de Liège, as its name would suggest, comes from the Liège region of Belgium, which roughly corresponds to the modern province of Liège.	Sirop de Liège	Belgium
country	Kyzylart Pass is a mountain pass and border crossing in the Trans-Alay Range on the border of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan.	Kyzylart Pass	Tajikistan	Kyrgyzstan
country	Socialist League Vpered (``Forward'', Russian: Социалистическое движение ``Вперёд'') was a radical left-wing political organisation in Russia.	Socialist League Vpered	Russia
country	Patzicía (Spanish pronunciation: (patsiˈsi.a)) is a municipality in the Chimaltenango department of Guatemala.	Patzicía	Guatemala
country	Bartkowice (bartkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bartkowice	Poland
country	Blida Airport is an airport in Blida, Algeria (ICAO: DAAB).	Blida Airport	Algeria
country	Bash Khalaj (Persian: باش خلج‎, also Romanized as Bāsh Khalaj; also known as Bāsh Khalīj) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bash Khalaj	Iran
country	Cheshmeh Ayaz (Persian: چشمه اياز‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ayāz) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Ayaz	Iran
country	Sat.1 was the first privately owned television broadcasting station in Germany, having started one day before RTL.	Sat.1	Germany
country	Radovica (pronounced (ˈɾaːdɔʋitsa); German: Radowitza) is a village in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia, next to the border with Croatia.	Radovica	Slovenia
country	The Gare de Moreuil (Moreuil station) is a railway station located in the commune of Moreuil in the Somme department, France.	Gare de Moreuil	France
country	Várhegy is an area of Budapest, Hungary, located in the I. District of Buda Castle.	Várhegy	Hungary
country	Uhrovec (Hungarian: Zayugróc) is a village and municipality in the Bánovce nad Bebravou District of the Trenčín Region of Slovakia.	Uhrovec	Slovakia
country	Lake Chervonoye (Belarusian: Чырвонае возера, pronounced (tʂɨrˈvonaje ˈvozʲera); Russian: Червоное озеро) is a large freshwater lake in the Zhytkavichy Raion, Gomel Oblast of Belarus.	Lake Chervonoye	Belarus
country	Völkl (German pronunciation: (fœlkl)) is a sports equipment manufacturer based in Germany.	Völkl	Germany
country	Nordre Toldbod is a waterfront area in Copenhagen, Denmark, located at the north end of Larsens Plads and just south of Kastellet.	Nordre Toldbod	Denmark
country	Kryeluz (also: Kryeluzaj) is a locality situated in the central plains of Albania's Western Lowlands region.	Kryeluz	Albania
country	Pathakhera (Pathakheda) is a town in the municipality of Sarni in the Betul District, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Pathakhera	India
country	The Klopaierspitze (Italian: Piz Clopai; German: Klopaierspitze) is a peak in the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol, Austria, and South Tyrol, Italy.	Klopaierspitze	Italy
country	Ixtlán District is located in the northeast of the Sierra Norte region of the State of Oaxaca, Mexico.	Ixtlán District	Mexico
country	Eheke is a village in northern Namibia situated at the edge of the Oshana Region near Ondangwa Airport.	Eheke	Namibia
country	Vrhpeč (pronounced (ˈʋəɾxpɛtʃ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia.	Vrhpeč	Slovenia
country	Drancy (French pronunciation: ​(dʁɑ̃.si)) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in northern France.	Drancy	France
country	Fagor Electrodomésticos is a large domestic and commercial appliance manufacturer based in the Basque Country, Spain and run by the Mondragon Corporation.	Fagor	Spain
country	Old Sarepta (Russian Старая Сарепта) now Krasnoarmeysky Rayon, is a district of Volgograd, in Russia.	Old Sarepta	Russia
country	Aalto Center (Finnish: Aaltokeskus) is the administrative and cultural center of the City of Seinäjoki, Finland.	Aalto Center	Finland
country	Broghol, also spelled Broghil, Boroghil and several other ways (el. 3798 m./12,460 ft), is a high mountain pass along the Durand Line border that crosses the Hindu Kush mountain range and connects Wakhan District of Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan with Chitral District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Broghol	Afghanistan	Pakistan
country	Ishwardi Airport (IATA: IRD, ICAO: VGIS) is a domestic airport in Ishwardi Upazila, Pabna, Bangladesh.	Ishwardi Airport	Bangladesh
country	Mount Bulusan, or Bulusan Volcano, is the southernmost volcano on Luzon Island in the Republic of the Philippines.	Mount Bulusan	Philippines
country	Po Klong Garai is a Cham temple tower located in the medieval Cham principality of Panduranga, near the city of Phan Rang in what is now southern Vietnam.	Po Klong Garai	Vietnam
country	Borov Kamak (Bulgarian: Боров камък, ``Pine Stone'') is a waterfall in the Vratsa mountain, western Balkan Mountains, Bulgaria.	Borov Kamak	Bulgaria
country	Əyrivəng (also, Eyrivank) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əyrivəng	Azerbaijan
country	Waremme (Dutch: Borgworm) is a Walloon municipality located in the province of Liège, in Belgium.	Waremme	Belgium
country	Bonuiyeh (Persian: بونوييه‎, also Romanized as Bonūīyeh and Bonūeeyeh) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bonuiyeh	Iran
country	During the Islamic conquest of Iran, Ardabil was the largest city in north western Iran, ahead of Derbent, and remained so until the Mongol invasion period.	Ardabil	Iran
country	Under the terms of the Oslo Accords of 1993 between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization, Itamar was designated Area ``C'' under full Israeli civil and security control.	Itamar	Israel
country	Mount Chortiatis or Hortiatis (Greek: Όρος Χορτιάτη, Χορτιάτης), known in Antiquity as Cissus or Kissos, is a mountain in Central Macedonia, Greece.	Mount Chortiatis	Greece
country	Male Dole pri Temenici (pronounced (ˈmaːlɛ ˈdoːlɛ pɾi ˈteːmɛnitsi); German: Kleindule) is a small settlement in the upper valley of the Temenica River in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Male Dole pri Temenici	Slovenia
country	Dropull i Poshtëm (Greek: Κάτω Δρόπολη, Kato Dropoli) is a former municipality in the Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Dropull i Poshtëm	Albania
country	Grochy (ˈɡrɔxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Grochy	Poland
country	Tårnby is a town in Denmark, the seat of Tårnby Municipality in the Capital Region of Denmark.	Tårnby	Denmark
country	Pretoria railway station is the central station in Pretoria, the executive capital of South Africa.	Pretoria railway station	South Africa
country	Waterloo-Oxford District Secondary School is a high school just outside Baden, Ontario, Canada operated by the Waterloo Region District School Board.	Waterloo-Oxford District Secondary School	Canada
country	Byåsen Church (Norwegian: Byåsen kirke, historically Hallset Church) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Byåsen Church	Norway
country	Nemacolin's Trail, or less often Nemacolin's Path, was an ancient Native American trail that crossed the great barrier of the Allegheny Mountains via the Cumberland Narrows Mountain pass, connecting the watersheds of the Potomac River and the Monongahela River in the present-day United States of America.	Nemacolin's Path	United States of America
country	Novokhopyorsk (Russian: Новохопёрск) is a town and the administrative center of Novokhopyorsky District in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Khopyor River, 270 kilometers (170 mi) southeast of Voronezh, the administrative center of the oblast.	Novokhopyorsk	Russia
country	Carlshem is a residential area in southeastern Umeå, Sweden, located about 5 kilometer from central Umeå.	Carlshem	Sweden
country	Kilmihil (Irish: Cill Mhichíl, meaning ``Church of St. Michael the Archangel'') is a village in the Barony of Clonderlaw, west County Clare, Ireland.	Kilmihil	Ireland
country	Podgora pri Zlatem Polju (pronounced (pɔdˈɡɔːɾa pɾi ˈzlaːtɛm ˈpoːlju)) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podgora pri Zlatem Polju	Slovenia
country	Rosemanowes Quarry, near Penryn, Cornwall, United Kingdom, was a granite quarry and the site of an early experiment in extracting geothermal energy from the earth using hot dry rock (HDR) technology.	Rosemanowes Quarry	United Kingdom
country	Risiville is located on the northern side of Vereeniging, Gauteng, South Africa.	Risiville	South Africa
country	Großer Stechlinsee or Lake Stechlin is a lake in Landkreis Oberhavel, Brandenburg, Germany.	Lake Stechlin	Germany
country	Githunguri is an agricultural town in central Kenya's Central Province.	Githunguri	Kenya
country	Amaravathinagar is a small town in the foothills of Annamalai Hills in Tirupur district, Tamil Nadu, India; 17 km south on SH 17 from Udumalpet and around 80 km south of Downtown Coimbatore city.	Amaravathinagar	India
country	Arkalyk (Kazakh: Арқалық / Arqalıq, Russian: Аркалык) is a city in Kostanay Region, northern Kazakhstan.	Arkalyk	Kazakhstan
country	Mulifanua is a village on the north-western tip of the island of Upolu, in Samoa.	Mulifanua	Samoa
country	The Passenger Port of St. Petersburg (Russian: Пассажирский порт Санкт-Петербург) is a passenger port in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Passenger Port of St. Petersburg	Russia
country	The village Kvishkheti is located in the Khashuri district of the Shida Kartli region in the Republic of Georgia.	Kvishkheti	Georgia
country	Hrastovec v Slovenskih Goricah (pronounced (ˈxɾaːstɔʋəts ʍ slɔˈʋeːnskiɣ ɡɔˈɾiːtsax)) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia.	Hrastovec v Slovenskih Goricah	Slovenia
country	Ispica (Sicilian: Spaccafurnu, Latin: Hyspicae Fundus) is a city and comune in the south of Sicily, Italy.	Ispica	Italy
country	Maroowala or Marowalla is a village in Ghotki District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.	Maroowala	Pakistan
country	Tukhin (Russian: Тухинь) is a village in Kalininsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia.	Tukhin	Russia
country	Chapuru is a village on the northwest coast of Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands.	Chapuru	Solomon Islands
country	The Newport Built-up area (previously known in official statistics as the Newport Urban Area) is an area of land defined by the United Kingdom Office for National Statistics (ONS) for population monitoring purposes.	Newport Built-up area	United Kingdom
country	The Semien Mountains (in Amharic ስሜን or Səmen; also spelled Simien and Simen), in northern Ethiopia, north east of Gondar, are part of the Ethiopian Highlands.	Semien Mountains	Ethiopia
country	San Pietro in Selci is an ancient church in Volterra, Italy.	San Pietro in Selci	Italy
country	Mrzlava Vas (pronounced (məɾˈzlaːʋa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Mrzlava vas) is a village in the hills above the right bank of the Krka River, in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Mrzlava Vas	Slovenia
country	Dumzoy (Tajik Думзой, Yaghnobi Дүмзой) is a village in western Tajikistan.	Dumzoy	Tajikistan
country	Lenzing is a small town of approximately 5,000 residents, three kilometers north of Lake Attersee in Austria, It is located in the Upper Austrian part of the Salzkammergut.	Lenzing	Austria
country	Jiquilpan de Juárez is a town of about 15,000 residents in northwest Michoacán, Mexico, near the border with the states of Colima and Jalisco.	Jiquilpan de Juárez	Mexico
country	Voorschoten ((ˈvoːrˌsxoːtə(n)); population: 24,978 in 2014) is a village and municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Voorschoten	Netherlands
country	Navaleno, which means ``Meadow of Hay'', is a municipality located to the northwest of the province of Soria, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, in Spain.	Navaleno	Spain
country	Houmt El Souk (Tunisian Arabic: حومة السوق‎ Ḥūmet es Sūq), meaning literally: ``The Market neighborhood'', is a commune and the main town of the island of Djerba, Tunisia.	Houmt El Souk	Tunisia
country	Álora is a municipality in southern Spain which is part of the province of Málaga (Andalusia).	Álora	Spain
country	Corn Hill, also called Carn Hill or Carn Clonhugh (Irish: Carn Clainne Aodha or Sliabh Cairbré), is a hill in County Longford, Republic of Ireland.	Carn Clonhugh	Ireland
country	Ajdovščina railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Ajdovščina) is the principal railway station in Ajdovščina, Slovenia.	Ajdovščina railway station	Slovenia
country	Galala Mountain or Galalah Mountain is a mountain located in Suez, Arab Republic of Egypt.	Galala Mountain	Egypt
country	Žlebské Chvalovice a village and municipality (obec) in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Žlebské Chvalovice	Czech Republic
country	Olavtoppen, occasionally anglicized as Olav Peak, is the highest point of Bouvetøya, a volcanic island and dependency of Norway, and the remotest island on Earth.	Olavtoppen	Norway
country	La Tabatière Airport, (IATA: ZLT, TC LID: CTU5), is an airport at La Tabatière, Quebec, Canada.	La Tabatière Airport	Canada
country	The State University of Malang (Indonesian: Universitas Negeri Malang, abbreviated as UM), formerly the Institute of Teacher Education and Educational Sciences of Malang (Indonesian: Institut Keguruan dan Ilmu Pendidikan Malang, abbreviated as IKIP Malang), is one of the state universities in Indonesia.	State University of Malang	Indonesia
country	Kovačina (Serbian Cyrillic: Ковачина) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kovačina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Marantochori is a small, quiet village in the southern part of the island of Lefkada, Greece.	Marantochori	Greece
country	The French Charter of 1814 was a constitution granted by King Louis XVIII of France shortly after his restoration.	Charter of 1814	France
country	Lomtuka (Russian: Ломтука) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Tyllyminsky 1-y Rural Okrug of Megino-Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) from Mayya, the administrative center of the district.	Lomtuka	Russia
country	The Polish Baseball and Softball Federation (Polski Zwiazek Baseballu i Softballu), is the governing body of baseball and softball in Poland.	Polish Baseball and Softball Federation	Poland
country	San Salvador Atenco is the municipal seat of Atenco, in the Mexican state of Mexico.	San Salvador Atenco	Mexico
country	Wola Blizocka (ˈvɔla bliˈzɔt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorzany, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Blizocka	Poland
country	Kozice Dolne (kɔˈʑit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kozice Dolne	Poland
country	Arendal Airport, Rådhuskaien (Norwegian: Arendal flyvehavn, Rådhuskaien) was a water aerodrome in Arendal, Norway, which operated between 1935 and 1939.	Arendal Airport, Rådhuskaien	Norway
country	Haulbowline (Irish: Inis Sionnach), is the name of an island in Cork Harbour off the coast of Ireland.	Haulbowline	Ireland
country	Ingeniero Jacobacci Airport (IATA: IGB, ICAO: SAVJ), also known as Capitán FAA H. R. Borden Airport, is an airport serving Ingeniero Jacobacci, Río Negro, Argentina.	Ingeniero Jacobacci Airport	Argentina
country	Chelyabinsk Shagol Airport (also Bakal) is an airport in Russia located in the northwest part of Chelyabinsk.	Chelyabinsk Shagol Airport	Russia
country	Nové Město na Moravě (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnovɛː ˈmɲɛsto ˈna moravjɛ); German: Neustadtl in Mähren; literally ``New Town in Moravia'') is a town in the Vysočina Region in the central Czech Republic.	Nové Město na Moravě	Czech Republic
country	Săsciori (German: Schweis, Sassenberg; Hungarian: Szászcsór) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Săsciori	Romania
country	Alaigne (Alanha in Occitan) is a French commune in the Aude department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region of southern France.	Alaigne	France
country	The Banc d'Arguin National Park (French: Parc National du Banc d'Arguin) of Bay of Arguin lies in Western Africa on the west coast of Mauritania between Nouakchott and Nouadhibou.	Banc d'Arguin National Park	Mauritania
country	The Town of Coolangatta was a local government area in South East Queensland, Australia, centred on Coolangatta.	Town of Coolangatta	Australia
country	The 1991 World Junior Figure Skating Championships were held November 27 to December 2, 1990 in Budapest, Hungary.	1991 World Junior Figure Skating Championships	Hungary
country	Følling Church (Norwegian: Følling kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Følling Church	Norway
country	Cheshmeh Khani-ye Sofla (Persian: چشمه خاني سفلي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khānī-ye Soflá; also known as Cheshmeh Khānī and Chashmeh Khānī) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Khani-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Tecoaque is a Mesoamerican archaeological site, located in western Tlaxcala state, central Mexico.	Tecoaque	Mexico
country	Maipokhari is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal.	Maipokhari	Nepal
country	Rozworzyn (rɔzˈvɔʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rozworzyn	Poland
country	Marcel Marchant Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Marcel Marchant, ICAO: SCPF) is a public use airport located 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Puerto Montt, Los Lagos, Chile.	Marcel Marchant Airport	Chile
country	Pay Kuh-e Sefid (Persian: پاي كوه سفيد‎, also Romanized as Pāy Kūh-e Sefīd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pay Kuh-e Sefid	Iran
country	Gochsheim Castle (German: Graf-Eberstein-Schloss, or the Castle of Count Eberstein) is an old royal residence in the Kraichtal area of Baden-Württemberg, in the north-eastern part of Karlsruhe, Germany.	Gochsheim Castle	Germany
country	Darresh-e Kasteh (Persian: درشكسته‎; also known as Darrash) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darresh-e Kasteh	Iran
country	Bolečka Vas (Slovene: Bolečka vas) is a settlement on the left bank of the Dravinja River in the Municipality of Majšperk in northeastern Slovenia.	Bolečka Vas	Slovenia
country	Iglesia de Santa María (Oviedo) is a defunct church in Oviedo, Asturias, Spain.	Iglesia de Santa María (Oviedo)	Spain
country	Hualien County (Chinese: 花蓮縣; pinyin: Huālián Xiàn) has the largest area of all counties in Taiwan, and is located on the country's mountainous eastern coast.	Hualien County	Taiwan
country	Ngaoundéré or N'Gaoundéré is the capital of the Adamawa Region of Cameroon.	Ngaoundéré	Cameroon
country	Tikti Mach'ay (Quechua tikti wart, mach'ay cave, ``wart cave'', hispanicized spelling Tictimachay) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Tikti Mach'ay	Peru
country	San Cristóbal Acasaguastlán (Spanish pronunciation: (san kɾisˈtoβal akasaɣwaskaˈtlan)) is a town in the El Progreso department of Guatemala.	San Cristóbal Acasaguastlán	Guatemala
country	Yorodougou (also spelled Dioradougou) is a town in the far west of Ivory Coast.	Yorodougou	Ivory Coast
country	Ekata is a small village in the north-eastern region of Gabon in the province of Ogooué-Ivindo near the Congo border.	Ekata	Gabon
country	The Plain of Jars (Lao: ທົ່ງໄຫຫິນ (tʰōŋ hǎj hǐn)) is a megalithic archaeological landscape in Laos.	Plain of Jars	Laos
country	Northland Port is a commercial port at Marsden Point, near Whangarei, New Zealand.	Northland Port	New Zealand
country	The Port of Wuhan is the natural river port of the sub-provincial city of Wuhan, Hubei Province, People's Republic of China.	Port of Wuhan	People's Republic of China
country	The 2011 UCI Road World Championships took place in Copenhagen, Denmark, over 19--25 September 2011.	2011 UCI Road World Championships	Denmark
country	Het Koetshuis Schuttersveld is a former restaurant located in Enschede, Netherlands.	Het Koetshuis Schuttersveld	Netherlands
country	Candyking (known as Karamellkungen in Sweden) is a Swedish company that markets pick and mix confectionery in Finland, Norway, Sweden, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Denmark, the United Kingdom & Ireland.	Candyking	Sweden
country	Agdz (Berber: Agdez, Arabic: أگدز‎) is a town in mid-southeastern Morocco, in the Atlas Mountains with a population of about 10,000.	Agdz	Morocco
country	Donji Hrastovac is a village in Croatia.	Donji Hrastovac	Croatia
country	Yumurtalık (meaning ``egg nest'') is a small city and a district in Adana Province of Turkey.	Yumurtalık	Turkey
country	Nazareth Village is an open-air museum in Nazareth, Israel, that reconstructs and reenacts village life in the Galilee in the time of Jesus.	Nazareth Village	Israel
country	Yimpaş Yozgatspor was a sports club located in Yozgat, Turkey.	Yimpaş Yozgatspor	Turkey
country	Shambuko (Tigrinya: ሻምቡቆ? IPA: (ʃambukʼo)) is a small town in the Gash-Barka Region of Eritrea.	Shambuko	Eritrea
country	Nomreh-ye Yazdah (Persian: نمره يازده‎, also Romanized as Nomreh-ye Yāzdah and Nomreh Yāzdah; also known as Nomreh Vāzdah) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nomreh-ye Yazdah	Iran
country	Vangsmjøse (Vangsmjøsa or Vangsmjøsi) is a lake in Vang municipality in Oppland county, Norway.	Vangsmjøse	Norway
country	Mohan Kumar Mangalam Stadium is a sports stadium located in Bokaro Steel City, Jharkhand, India.	Mohan Kumar Mangalam Stadium	India
country	Taras Shevchenko State Art School (Ukrainian: Державна художня середня школа імені Тараса Шевченка) is a selective high school (5th through 12th grade) specializing in fine arts (painting, sculpture and architecture), in Kiev, Ukraine.	Shevchenko State Art School	Ukraine
country	Balmaceda Park is an urban park along the Mapocho River in Providencia, Santiago de Chile.	Balmaceda Park	Chile
country	Aghasi (Persian: آغاسي‎, also Romanized as Āghāsī; also known as Āghāsī Maḩalleh) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Aghasi	Iran
country	Črneča Vas (pronounced (tʃəɾˈneːtʃa ˈʋaːs); German: Scheerendorf) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia.	Črneča Vas	Slovenia
country	The 2001 French Grand Prix (formally the Mobil 1 Grand Prix de France) was a Formula One motor race held at the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours, Magny-Cours, Burgundy, France on 1 July 2001.	2001 French Grand Prix	France
country	The Kwijau or Kuijau are an indigenous ethnic group residing in Sabah, eastern Malaysia on the island of Borneo.	Kwijau	Malaysia
country	Sološnica (German: Breitenbrunn); is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Malacky District in the Bratislava Region.	Sološnica	Slovakia
country	Village of Bachevo is located in South-Western planning region of Bulgaria.	Bachevo	Bulgaria
country	Nurmijärvi (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈnurmiˌjærʋi)) is the most populated rural municipality of Finland, located 37 kilometres (23 mi) north of the capital Helsinki.	Nurmijärvi	Finland
country	Amparo High School (AHS) is a public secondary school located in Caloocan City, Philippines.	Amparo High School	Philippines
country	Zielona Góra (ʑeˈlɔna ˈɡura) (German: Grünberg in Schlesien) is a city in Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, with 138,512 inhabitants (2015).	Zielona Góra	Poland
country	Agarakadzor (Armenian: Ագարակաձոր; formerly Ayar) is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Agarakadzor	Armenia
country	Powiercie-Kolonia (pɔˈvjɛrt͡ɕɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Powiercie-Kolonia	Poland
country	Bukit Payong (est. pop. 2010 census: 26790) is a town in the Marang district of Terengganu, on the east coast of peninsular Malaysia.	Bukit Payong	Malaysia
country	Bielszowice (German: Bielschowitz) is a district in the west of Ruda Śląska, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Bielszowice	Poland
country	Palamari (Greek: Παλαμάρι) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit Trikolonoi, in Arcadia, Greece.	Palamari	Greece
country	The Adam River is a river on northern Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, flowing north into the Johnstone Strait northwest of the community of Sayward.	Adam River	Canada
country	Kaunas Synagogue (Lithuanian: Kauno choralinė sinagoga) is one of two operating choral synagogues in Lithuania.	Kaunas Synagogue	Lithuania
country	Caixas (Catalan: Queixàs) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Caixas	France
country	Maizuru Castle Park is a park and historical site in Kofu, Yamanashi, Japan.	Maizuru Castle Park	Japan
country	The Zürcher Oberland (``Zurich highlands'') in Switzerland, is the hilly south-eastern part of the Canton of Zurich, bordering on the Toggenburg, including the districts of Uster, Hinwil, Pfäffikon as well as the Töss Valley as far as the district of Winterthur.	Zürcher Oberland	Switzerland
country	Līgatne parish (Latvian: Līgatnes pagasts) was an administrative unit of the Cēsis District, Latvia.	Līgatne parish	Latvia
country	With an area of 0.15 square kilometres (0.058 sq mi), Fiera di Primiero is the smallest municipality in land area in Italy.	Fiera di Primiero	Italy
country	The Cerdanyola Museum (Catalan: Museu de Cerdanyola) is a museum in Cerdanyola del Vallès, Vallès Occidental, Catalonia, Spain.	Cerdanyola Museum	Spain
country	The Shire of Yarriambiack is a local government area of Victoria, Australia, located in the north-western part of the state.	Shire of Yarriambiack	Australia
country	Qeshlaq-e Padarjamal (Persian: قشلاق پادارجمال‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Pādārjamāl) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Padarjamal	Iran
country	Eskandari-ye Barmeyun (Persian: اسكندري برميون‎, also Romanized as Eskandarī-ye Barmeyūn; also known as Eskandarī) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Eskandari-ye Barmeyun	Iran
country	Badagada (also Bada-Gada) is a small town in the Surada Block in the Ganjam district of Odisha, India.	Badagada	India
country	Schefferville was established as a town by the Iron Ore Company Of Canada in 1954 to support the mining of rich iron ore deposits in the area.	Schefferville	Canada
country	Vaishnava Nambi and Thirukurungudivalli Nachiar Temple is one of the Hindu temples dedicated to Lord Vishnu located in Thirukkurungudi, Tirunelveli district Tamil Nadu, India.	Vaishnava Nambi and Thirukurungudivalli Nachiar Temple	India
country	Albudeite is a municipality in the Region of Murcia, Spain.	Albudeite	Spain
country	Lovendegem (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌloːˈvɛndəɣɛm)) is a municipality located in Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium, and in the province of East Flanders.	Lovendegem	Belgium
country	Cabo has been rated as one of Mexico's top 5 tourist destinations; it is known for its beaches, scuba diving locations, balnearios, the sea arch El Arco de Cabo San Lucas, and marine life.	Cabo San Lucas	Mexico
country	Hraunfossar (Borgarfjörður, western Iceland) is a series of waterfalls formed by rivulets streaming over a distance of about 900 metres out of the Hallmundarhraun, a lava field which flowed from an eruption of one of the volcanoes lying under the glacier Langjökull.	Hraunfossar	Iceland
country	The City of Adelaide is a local government area in the metropolitan area of Adelaide, South Australia.	City of Adelaide	Australia
country	Indira Kala Sangeet University is a public university located in Khairagarh, Rajnandgaon district, Chhattisgarh, India.	Indira Kala Sangeet University	India
country	Heers Castle (Dutch: Kasteel van Heers) is a castle in Heers, Province of Limburg, Belgium.	Heers Castle	Belgium
country	Pain Semes Kandeh (Persian: پائين سمسكنده‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Semes Kandeh; also known as Samaskandeh, Sam Kandeh, Semes Kandeh, and Semes Kandeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Semes Kandeh	Iran
country	Champagnat Catholic College Pagewood is a Catholic secondary school for boys in years 7 through 12, located in Maroubra, New South Wales in Australia.	Champagnat Catholic College Pagewood	Australia
country	Viva Blue, or the Finch/Richmond Hill/Aurora/Newmarket line, or the Yonge St. Corridor Line is a line on the Viva bus rapid transit system in York Region, north of Toronto, Canada.	Viva Blue	Canada
country	Miðfjörður is a small fjord in the northwest of Iceland.	Miðfjörður	Iceland
country	Pylaia-Chortiatis (Greek: Πυλαία-Χορτιάτης) is a municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece, consisting of three suburbs of Thessaloniki.	Pylaia-Chortiatis	Greece
country	The Channel Country is region of outback Australia located mostly in the state of Queensland but also in portions of South Australia, Northern Territory and New South Wales.	Channel Country	Australia
country	Konopaty (kɔnɔˈpatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Konopaty	Poland
country	It is located near Nový Bor in the small town of Sloup v Čechách, in the Liberec Region, north Bohemia, Czech Republic.	Sloup	Czech Republic
country	Cualedro is a municipality located in the province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	Cualedro	Spain
country	Mohawk College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public College of Applied Arts and Technology located in the Golden Horseshoe of Ontario, Canada.	Mohawk College	Canada
country	Dommitzsch is a town in the district Nordsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany and is Saxony's northmost city.	Dommitzsch	Germany
country	Munkkiniemi is one of many monk-related place names on the south coast of Finland, like Munkkisaari, Munkkala and Munkinmäki.	Munkkiniemi	Finland
country	Karnal Sher Khan Cadet College Swabi (KSKCCS) is a residential high school located in Ismaila, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Karnal Sher Khan Cadet College Swabi	Pakistan
country	Leipzig Bayerischer Bahnhof (Leipzig Bavarian station) is Germany's oldest preserved railway station, located in Leipzig, Germany.	Leipzig Bayerischer Bahnhof	Germany
country	Damice (daˈmit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwanowice, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Damice	Poland
country	Hanoi University of Science is a member of Vietnam National University, Hanoi.	Hanoi University of Science	Vietnam
country	Graz Airport (IATA: GRZ, ICAO: LOWG), known as Flughafen Graz-Thalerhof in German, is a minor international airport in Graz, the second-largest city in Austria.	Graz Airport	Austria
country	Baba Aziz (Persian: باباعزيز‎, also Romanized as Bābā ``Azīz) is a village in Badr Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 205, in 40 families.	Baba Aziz	Iran
country	Kija's Tomb is a burial site located on Moran Hill in Pyongyang, North Korea.	Kija's Tomb	North Korea
country	Qeytaniyeh (Persian: قيطانيه‎, also Romanized as Qeyţānīyeh and Qaitānīyeh) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qeytaniyeh	Iran
country	Suq Al Masgoof is an indoor market place in the centre of the city of Samawah in southern Iraq.	Suq Al Masgoof	Iraq
country	Vääna (German: Feyena, Faehna, Fähna) is a village in Harku Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.	Vääna	Estonia
country	Mkhaya Game Reserve is a protected area in Swaziland.	Mkhaya Game Reserve	Swaziland
country	The Razlog Valley (Bulgarian: Разложка котловина, Razlozhka kotlovina) is a valley in southwestern Bulgaria located between the high Rila (to the north and northwest), Pirin (to the south and southwest) and Rhodope Mountains (to the east).	Razlog Valley	Bulgaria
country	Jimma (Oromo: Jimma, Amharic: ጅማ?), also spelled Jima, is the largest city in south-western Ethiopia.	Jimma	Ethiopia
country	Côte-d'Or (IPA: (kot dɔːʁ); literally, ``golden slope'') is a department in the eastern part of France.	Côte-d'Or	France
country	Ronyal or also referred to as Runyal or Rondyal is a village, situated in the upper area of Swat Valley's tehsil of Matta, which is an administrative unit of the Swat Valley, known as Union council, of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Ronyal	Pakistan
country	Jaffna Fort (Sinhalese: යාපනය බලකොටුව; Tamil: யாழ்ப்பாணக் கோட்டை) is a fort built by the Portuguese at Jaffna, Sri Lanka in 1618 under Philip De Olivera following the Portuguese invasion of Jaffna.	Jaffna Fort	Sri Lanka
country	The Johnny Miles Running Event is an annual set of road races held in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Johnny Miles Running Event	Canada
country	Eringhem (from Dutch; Eringem in modern Dutch) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Eringhem	France
country	Communist Party of National Liberation (in Galician: Partido Comunista de Liberación Nacional) was a separatist political party in Galicia, Spain.	Communist Party of National Liberation	Spain
country	The Basilica of Our Lady of Good Health is located at the small town of Velankanni in the state of Tamil Nadu in southern India.	Basilica of Our Lady of Good Health	India
country	The Atwima Nwabiagya District formerly the Atwima District is one of the twenty-seven (27) districts in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.	Atwima Nwabiagya District	Ghana
country	Koutobi is a village in the Bassar Prefecture in the Kara Region of northwestern Togo.	Koutobi	Togo
country	East Baghdad Field is a group of oil fields, located east of Baghdad, Iraq.	East Baghdad Field	Iraq
country	Al Kawd is a town in south-western Yemen, near Zinjibar.	Al Kawd	Yemen
country	Bethioua (Arabic: بطيوة‎) (formerly Arzew, under French rule, called Vieil Arzew then Saint Leu) is a town in the wilaya of Oran in the west of Algeria.	Bethioua	Algeria
country	Uppland Runic Inscription Fv1953;263 or U Fv1953;263 is the Rundata catalog listing for a Viking Age memorial runestone that was discovered at Helenelund, which is in Sollentuna, Stockholm County, Sweden, which was in the historic province of Uppland.	Uppland Runic Inscription Fv1953;263	Sweden
country	The Donglingjing Railway Station is a railway station of Shitai Passenger Railway that located in People's Republic of China.	Donglingjing Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Kalighat Kali Temple (Bengali: কালীঘাট মন্দির) is a Hindu temple in West Bengal, India dedicated to the Hindu goddess Kali.	Kalighat Kali Temple	India
country	Dhorpatan is a village in Nepal's Baglung District, nestled in a large east-west valley south of the Dhaulagiri mountain range in the Himalayas.	Dhorpatan	Nepal
country	Chah-e Navab, Zahedan (Persian: چاه نواب‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Navab, Zahedan	Iran
country	Darb Bagh (Persian: دربباغ‎, also Romanized as Darb Bāgh and Darb-e Bāgh; also known as Darbāgh and Darreh Bāgh) is a village in Zardeyn Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Darb Bagh	Iran
country	Sabie is a forestry town situated on the banks of the Sabie River in Mpumalanga, South Africa.	Sabie	South Africa
country	Hajij (Kurdish: هه جيج/Hecîc; Persian: هجيج‎) is a village located in Kermanshah province of Iran.	Hajij	Iran
country	Gorenje pri Divači (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ pɾi diˈʋaːtʃi); Italian: Goregna) is a settlement northwest of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gorenje pri Divači	Slovenia
country	Kasu Brahmananda Reddy National Park (Telugu: కాసు బ్రహ్మానంద రెడ్డి జాతీయ వనం), is a national park located in Jubilee Hills in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Kasu Brahmananda Reddy National Park	India
country	Subramaniam Children's Park (Tamil: சுப்பிரமணியம் சிறுவர் பூங்கா Cuppiramaṇiyam Ciṟuvar Pūṅkā; commonly known as Subramaniam Park) is an urban park in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka.	Subramaniam Park	Sri Lanka
country	Cesena Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Cesena, Cattedrale di San Giovanni Battista) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to Saint John the Baptist in the city of Cesena, Italy.	Cesena Cathedral	Italy
country	Stansiya Daşarx (also, Daşarx) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Stansiya Daşarx	Azerbaijan
country	Ella Bay is located in the Cassowary Coast Regional Council (CCRC) shire in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Ella Bay	Australia
country	The Coal Measures Group is a lithostratigraphical term coined to refer to the coal-bearing succession of rock strata which occur in the United Kingdom within the Westphalian Stage of the Carboniferous Period.	Coal Measures Group	United Kingdom
country	Friesach (Slovene: Breže) is a historic town in the Sankt Veit an der Glan district of Carinthia, Austria.	Friesach	Austria
country	Svinjare (Serbian Cyrillic: Свињаре) is a village in northern Kosovo, near Vučitrn.	Svinjare	Kosovo
country	Drenča (Serbian: Дренча) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Drenča	Serbia
country	Mostaganem Airport is a civilian airport in Mostaganem Province, Algeria (IATA: MQV), located about 280 km west-southwest of Algiers.	Mostaganem Airport	Algeria
country	Few will know that it was Yadav farmers who in 1927, talked to Swami Sahajanand Saraswati to aid them in their struggles against the Bhumihar Brahmin zamindars of Masaurhi, and that it was from that beginning that the most powerful movement in India, the Bihar Provincial Kisan Sabha, emerged.	Masaurhi	India
country	As of 2011 India census, Mahalingpur had a population of 69870 Males constitute 51% of the population and females 49%.	Mahalingpur	India
country	Warnsveld is a town in the eastern Netherlands, about 2 km east of Zutphen.	Warnsveld	Netherlands
country	The Aeropolis 2001 was a proposed 500-story high-rise building over Tokyo Bay in Japan, envisioned by Obayashi Corporation.	Aeropolis 2001	Japan
country	Lisolaj (Macedonian: Лисолај) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia	Lisolaj	Macedonia
country	Awarded as the ``independent label of the year'' in Finland nearly ten times, Fullsteam Records is one of the most important sources of new music from Finland.	Fullsteam Records	Finland
country	Södermanland Runic Inscription 235 or Sö 235 is the Rundata listing for a Viking Age memorial runestone fragment that is located in Västerby, which is six kilometers southwest of Väländan, Stockholm County, Sweden, and in the historic province of Södermanland.	Södermanland Runic Inscription 235	Sweden
country	Siuntio (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈsiuntio), Swedish: Sjundeå) is a municipality of Finland.	Siuntio	Finland
country	Chon Buri Stadium (Thai: ชลบุรีสเตเดียม) is a multi-use stadium in Chon Buri province, Thailand.	Chon Buri Stadium	Thailand
country	Tsareva Livada (Bulgarian: Царева ливада) is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo, in Gabrovo Province, in northern central Bulgaria.	Tsareva Livada	Bulgaria
country	The ferry Sæfari, which sails from Dalvík, serves the island of Grímsey, Iceland's northernmost community, which lies on the Arctic Circle.	Dalvík	Iceland
country	Pervomay (Persian: پیروامَی ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Pervomay	Tajikistan
country	The Linsum Bridge is a bridge in Kampung Linsum at Rantau, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia which crossing Simin River.	Linsum Bridge	Malaysia
country	San Pablo Jocopilas is a municipality east-northeast of Samayac and west of highway CA 2 in the Suchitepéquez department of Guatemala, located 8 km from Mazatenango, which is the department's capital.	San Pablo Jocopilas	Guatemala
country	The Vendsyssel Line or the Vendsyssel Railway (Danish: Vendsysselbanen) is a 80.7 km (50.1 mi) long standard gauge single track railway line in Denmark which runs through the historical region of Vendsyssel between Aalborg and Frederikshavn.	Vendsyssel Line	Denmark
country	Łąck (wɔnt͡sk) (1943--1945, German Lonsch) is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łąck	Poland
country	Montebamboli is a hamlet and località in the comune of Massa Marittima, Tuscany, Italy.	Montebamboli	Italy
country	Hampton Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia, located within the Eastern Land Division in the Goldfields region of the state.	Hampton Land District	Australia
country	Dedoplistskaro or Dedoplistsqaro (Georgian: დედოფლისწყარო, Queen's spring``) is a town in Kakheti, Georgia with the population of 7,724 (2002 Georgia census).	Dedoplistsqaro	Georgia
country	Llallagua (in hispanicized spelling) or Llallawa (Aymara for a monstrous potato (like two potatoes) or animal, Quechua for the god of seed-time during the Inca period) is a town in the Potosí Department in Bolivia.	Llallagua	Bolivia
country	Siga was a major port city in the ancient Kingdom of Numidia, located near what is now Aïn Témouchent, Algeria.	Siga	Algeria
country	The Tasman Highway (or A3) is a highway in Tasmania, Australia.	Tasman Highway	Australia
country	Vitim Airport is a public use airport built in Vitim, Sakha (Yakutia) Republic, Russia during World War II for the Alaska-Siberian (ALSIB) air route used to ferry American Lend-Lease aircraft to the Eastern Front.	Vitim Airport	Russia
country	Pieniężno (pʲɛˈɲɛ̃ʐnɔ) (German: Mehlsack ) is a town on the Wałsza River in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship of Poland.	Pieniężno	Poland
country	Swabia (/ˈʃweɪbiə/; German: Schwaben, colloquially Schwabenland or Ländle; in English also archaic Suabia or Svebia) is a cultural, historic and linguistic region in southwestern Germany.	Swabia	Germany
country	The Batterie de Bouviers is located in the commune of Guyancourt, Yvelines, France.	Batterie de Bouviers	France
country	San Pellegrino Terme is a comune in the province of Bergamo, Lombardy, Italy.	San Pellegrino Terme	Italy
country	Daugavgrīva (German: Dünamünde; Polish: Dynemunt; Russian: Усть-Двинск or Ust`-Dvinsk) is a neighbourhood in North West Riga, Latvia on the left bank of Daugava river.	Daugavgrīva	Latvia
country	Süpplingenburg is a municipality of 700 inhabitants (2003) in the district of Helmstedt, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Süpplingenburg	Germany
country	Flen is a locality and the seat of Flen Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden with 6,229 inhabitants in 2010.	Flen	Sweden
country	The Peterborough Public Library serves the community of Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.	Peterborough Public Library	Canada
country	In further support of Epic, Manic Drive toured back-to-back with the Newsboys across Canada on the ``Maple Noise Tour'' followed by the ``The Born Again Experience Tour ''in the U.S. that fall.	Manic Drive	Canada
country	Khawr al Udayd, (Arabic: خور العديد) also spelled Khor al Adaid, is a settlement and inlet of the Persian Gulf located in Al Wakrah Municipality in southeast Qatar, on the border with Saudi Arabia.	Khawr al Udayd	Qatar
country	The Zal Mahmud Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Zal Mahmut Paşa Camii) is an old Ottoman mosque located near the Eyüp Sultan Mosque in the Eyüp district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Zal Mahmud Pasha Mosque	Turkey
country	Nammal Lake, is situated in Nammal Valley, Mianwali District, Pakistan.	Nammal Lake	Pakistan
country	Segambut Bypass is a major highway in Kuala Lumpur city, Malaysia.	Segambut Bypass	Malaysia
country	DN5 (Romanian: Drumul Naţional 5) is an important national road in Romania which links Bucharest with the southern country border with Bulgaria by the Giurgiu Russe Friendship Bridge.	DN5	Romania
country	The Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science (SGSITS)(GSTI) is a public engineering institution located in Indore, India.	Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science	India
country	Pucallpa (Quechua: puka allpa, ``red earth'') is a city in eastern Peru located on the banks of the Ucayali River, a major tributary of the Amazon River.	Pucallpa	Peru
country	Ambur railway station is located in Vellore district, Tamil Nadu, India serves the town of Ambur.	Ambur railway station	India
country	Uiramutã is a municipality located in the northeast of the state of Roraima in Brazil.	Uiramutã	Brazil
country	Hatun Misapata or Misapata (Quechua hatun big, misa table, pata elevated place; above, at the top; edge, bank, shore, also spelled Qatun Mesapata or Mesapata) is an archaeological site in the Ayacucho Region in Peru.	Hatun Misapata	Peru
country	St. Stephen Airport (TC LID: CCS3) is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northeast of St. Stephen, New Brunswick, Canada.	St. Stephen Airport	Canada
country	The Alpine Club Museum (German: Alpenverein-Museum) in Innsbruck, Austria is a museum dedicated to the history of alpinism.	Alpine Club Museum	Austria
country	The PSA Mulhouse Plant is a major car plant in France.	PSA Mulhouse Plant	France
country	Ras Tabouda is a commune in the Sefrou Province of the Fès-Boulemane administrative region of Morocco.	Ras Tabouda	Morocco
country	Khakurinokhabl (Russian: Хакуринохабль; Adyghe: Хьэкурынэхьабл, Hekurynehabl) is a rural locality (an aul) and the administrative center of Shovgenovsky District of the Republic of Adygea, Russia, located on the Fars River, 60 kilometers (37 mi) north of Maykop.	Khakurinokhabl	Russia
country	Anija (German: Hanniecken) is a village in Anija Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.	Anija	Estonia
country	Canoeing at the 1964 Summer Olympics was held between 20 October 1964 and 22 October 1964 on Lake Sagami, 60 kilometres (37 miles) from Sagamiko, Kanagawa, Japan.	Canoeing at the 1964 Summer Olympics	Japan
country	Founded in 1900, Sport Club Rio Grande is Brazil's oldest active football club.	Sport Club Rio Grande	Brazil
country	The stated mission of the Institut du Bosphore is to bolster free and objective links between France and Turkey.	Institut du Bosphore	France	Turkey
country	The Meehambee Dolmen is a megalithic portal tomb dating from about 3500 BC located in County Roscommon, Ireland.	Meehambee Dolmen	Ireland
country	Krantiguru Shyamji Krishna Verma Kachchh University is a regional university in Gujarat, India that promotes higher education in regional and rural areas of the country.	Krantiguru Shyamji Krishna Verma Kachchh University	India
country	Kolonia Nowogrodzka (kɔˈlɔɲa nɔvɔˈɡrɔt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kolonia Nowogrodzka	Poland
country	Sneberje (pronounced (ˈsneːbɛɾjɛ); in older sources also Snebrje) is a formerly independent settlement in the northeast part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Sneberje	Slovenia
country	Vazvan (Persian: وزوان‎, also Romanized as Vazvān and Wazwan) is a city in Meymeh District, Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Vazvan	Iran
country	Nakh Bar (Persian: نخ بر‎) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nakh Bar	Iran
country	Brankas is a village in Ozolnieki Municipality, Latvia situated approximately 37 km from the capital city of Riga and 11 km from the city of Jelgava.	Brankas	Latvia
country	Zaretan (also known as Zarethan or Zeredathah) is a city mentioned in the Bible, as near the location where the Hebrews crossed the Jordan.	Zaretan	Jordan
country	Slavonia (/sləˈvoʊniə/; Croatian: Slavonija) is, alongside Dalmatia, Croatia proper, and Istria, one of the four historical regions of Croatia.	Slavonia	Croatia
country	The St. Laurence Foundation (Laurentiistiftelsen) is an independent student hostel in Sweden for students at Lund University.	St. Laurence Foundation	Sweden
country	Cielec (ˈt͡ɕɛlɛt͡s) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Boronów, within Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Cielec	Poland
country	The Old Eastern Avenue Bridge (also known erroneously as the King Street Bridge) consists of two bridges spanning the Don River in Toronto, Canada.	Old Eastern Avenue Bridge	Canada
country	Iselle di Trasquera railway station (Italian: Stazione di Iselle di Trasquera) serves the village of Iselle and comune of Trasquera, in the region of Piedmont, northwestern Italy.	Iselle di Trasquera railway station	Italy
country	Dehloran (Persian: دهلران‎‎; also Romanized as Dehlorān; also known as Deh Lovān and Deh Lūrān) is a city in and the capital of Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Dehloran	Iran
country	Taptong Station is a railway station in Taptong-ri, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway.	Taptong Station	North Korea
country	The Central Market Project is a complex of three skyscrapers, one of which is a ``supertall'', in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	Central Market Project	United Arab Emirates
country	Jaganluy-e Kord (Persian: جگن لوي كرد‎, also Romanized as Jaganlūy-e Kord; also known as Jagan-e Kord and Jaganlū-ye Kord) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jaganluy-e Kord	Iran
country	The Lesse is a river in the Ardennes, in the Walloon region of Belgium.	Lesse	Belgium
country	Carenero Island (in Spanish: Isla Carenero) is a long and forested island located just a few hundred meters east of Isla Colón, in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago, Panama.	Carenero Island	Panama
country	The Swedish Rail Administration (Swedish: Banverket) was a government agency that owned and maintained virtually all railway lines in Sweden except many short sidings for freight only.	Swedish Rail Administration	Sweden
country	The Onehunga Branch railway line is in Auckland, New Zealand.	Onehunga Branch	New Zealand
country	Mount Pulai (Malay: Gunung Pulai) is a mountain in Johor, Malaysia which is located about 19 km from Johor Bahru city.	Mount Pulai	Malaysia
country	Avakpa is a town and arrondissement (administrative district) in the Atlantique Department of southern Benin.	Avakpa	Benin
country	Bajo Aguán (Lower Aguán) refers to the lower part of Honduras' Aguán River Valley, in the north-eastern Colón Department and Yoro Department; the entire valley covers 200,000 hectares.	Bajo Aguán	Honduras
country	Chah Kam (Persian: چاه كم‎, also Romanized as Chāh Kam) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah Kam	Iran
country	The Kanhan River is an important right bank tributary of the Wainganga River draining a large area lying south of Satpura range in central India.	Kanhan River	India
country	Tourist Standard Open Buffet or TSOB cars are railway passenger carriages used in the United Kingdom originally by British Rail and by its successor railways following privatisation.	Tourist Standard Open Buffet	United Kingdom
country	The Tampere Hall (Finnish: Tampere-talo) is the largest concert and congress centre in the Nordic countries, located in the southern edge of Sorsapuisto, in the centre of Tampere, Finland.	Tampere Hall	Finland
country	Stemplew (ˈstɛmplɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stemplew	Poland
country	Vrútky (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈʋruːtki); German: Ruttek (rare); Hungarian: Ruttka) is a town in northern Slovakia, close to the city of Martin.	Vrútky	Slovakia
country	Sokol Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Сокол) (IATA: GDX, ICAO: UHMM) is an airport in Sokol in Magadan Oblast, Russia.	Sokol Airport	Russia
country	North Tzoumerka (Greek: Βόρεια Τζουμέρκα) is a municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	North Tzoumerka	Greece
country	The Thaba Meetse private game reserve is situated in the Limpopo Province of South Africa.	Thaba Meetse	South Africa
country	Les Martres-de-Veyre (Occitan: Las Martras de Veire) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.	Les Martres-de-Veyre	France
country	Torre Río Real is a tower in Marbella, southern Spain, built in 1575.	Torre Río Real	Spain
country	Zeynal Kandi (Persian: زينال كندي‎, also Romanized as Zeynāl Kandī) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zeynal Kandi	Iran
country	Dhamial Army Airbase (ICAO: OPQS) is a Pakistan Army airbase located in southern Rawalpindi, Pakistan.	Dhamial Army Airbase	Pakistan
country	Straupe is a village in the Pārgauja municipality of Latvia.	Straupe	Latvia
country	The Booker Washington Institute (BWI) is a public, post-secondary school in Kakata, Margibi County, Liberia.	Booker Washington Institute	Liberia
country	Carche (Valencian: El Carxe (el ˈkaɾtʃe)) is a mountainous, sparsely populated area in the Region of Murcia, Spain, lying between the municipalities of Jumilla and Yecla.	Carche	Spain
country	Zielina (ʑeˈlina), German Zellin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki (Gemeinde Klein Strehlitz), within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zielina	Poland
country	The Ottawa City Council (French: Conseil municipal d'Ottawa) is the governing body of the City of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa City Council	Canada
country	Pallinup River is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.	Pallinup River	Australia
country	Griškāni parish (Latvian: Griškanu pagasts) is an administrative unit of Rēzekne Municipality in Latvia.	Griškāni parish	Latvia
country	Ialoveni (Romanian pronunciation: (jaloˈvenʲ)) is a city in the Republic of Moldova situated 10 km (6 mi) from Chişinău.	Ialoveni	Moldova
country	The Dutchmans Stern Conservation Park is a protected area located in South Australia about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north-west of the town of Quorn in the Flinders Ranges.	The Dutchmans Stern Conservation Park	Australia
country	Yavas (Russian: Явас; Moksha: Яваз) is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Zubovo-Polyansky District of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Yavas	Russia
country	Mount Mithridat is a large hill located in the center of Kerch, a city on the eastern Kerch Peninsula of Crimea, Ukraine.	Mount Mithridat	Ukraine
country	Azarsetanaki (Persian: ازارستانكي‎, also Romanized as Āzārsetānakī; also known as Āzārsetān) is a village in Ahandan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Azarsetanaki	Iran
country	Surimana (Aymara for a sort of potatoes (white and long), also spelled Sorimana) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Surimana	Peru
country	Jihlava District is one of the five sub-divisions of Kraj Vysočina in the Czech Republic.	Jihlava District	Czech Republic
country	Kozana (pronounced (kɔˈzaːna)) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Kozana	Slovenia
country	Uzhhorod (Ukrainian: Ужгород, Ukrainian pronunciation: (ˈuʒɦɔrɔd)) is a city located in western Ukraine, at the border with Slovakia and near the border with Hungary.	Uzhhorod	Ukraine
country	Baker's Falls is a famous waterfall in Sri Lanka.	Baker's Falls	Sri Lanka
country	Fagerborg is a neighbourhood in the St. Hanshaugen borough in Oslo, Norway.	Fagerborg	Norway
country	Kushk Darreh (Persian: كوشك دره‎, also Romanized as Kūshk Darreh; also known as Kūshkdarreh) is a village in Haparu Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kushk Darreh	Iran
country	Diafounou Gory is commune in the Cercle of Yélimané in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Diafounou Gory	Mali
country	Câmpia Turzii (Romanian pronunciation: (kɨmˌpi.a ˈturzij); German: Jerischmarkt; Hungarian: Aranyosgyéres) is a city in Cluj County, Romania, which was formed in 1925 by the union of two villages, Ghiriş (Aranyosgyéres) and Sâncrai (Szentkirály).	Câmpia Turzii	Romania
country	Baykit (Russian: Байкит) is a rural locality in Evenkiysky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located on the Podkamennaya Tunguska River.	Baykit	Russia
country	Oulu TV Mast is a mast in the Huttukylä district in Oulu, Finland.	Oulu TV Mast	Finland
country	Trinity Common Terminal is a Brampton Transit operated bus station serving the northeast area of Brampton, Ontario, Canada.	Trinity Common Terminal	Canada
country	The Desventuradas Islands, also known as Islas de los Desventurados, (Spanish: Unfortunate Islands) is a group of four small islands located 850 kilometres (530 mi) off the coast of Chile, northwest of Santiago in the Pacific Ocean.	Desventuradas Islands	Chile
country	Beomeosa (Temple of the Nirvana Fish) is a head temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism in Cheongnyong-dong, Geumjeong-gu, Busan, South Korea.	Beomeosa	South Korea
country	Vižinada (Italian: Visinada) is a village and municipality in the interior of the western part of Istria, Croatia.	Vižinada	Croatia
country	Avadhnama (Urdu: اودھنامه‎) is a popular Urdu language newspaper serving major cities in the region of Awadh in India, including the cities of Lucknow, Aligarh, Faizabad, and Azamgarh.	Avadhnama	India
country	Dunavtsi (Bulgarian: Дунавци, ``Danubians'') is a town in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vidin Municipality, Vidin Province.	Dunavtsi	Bulgaria
country	Kazimieras Simonavičius University (previously: Vilnius Academy of Business Law, Lithuanian: Vilniaus verslo teisės akademija) is a private university in Lithuania which offers courses in Master of Law.	Kazimieras Simonavičius University	Lithuania
country	Heojun Museum is a municipal museum in Gayang 2-dong, Gangseo-gu, Seoul, South Korea to commemorate the legacy of Heo Jun (1546--1615), a court physician during the reign of King Seonjo (r. 1567 -- 1608) of the mid Joseon Dynasty of Korea.	Heojun Museum	South Korea
country	Živinice is a town and municipality in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina, located south of Tuzla.	Živinice	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Apensen is a municipality southwest of Hamburg (Germany).	Apensen	Germany
country	The second controversy was raised in 2005 by Le Québécois about then future Governor General of Canada Michaëlle Jean and her and husband Jean-Daniel Lafond's ties to the sovereignty movement and the Front de libération du Québec.	Le Québécois	Canada
country	The Château de Cheverny (pronounced ``Sheevairny'') is located at Cheverny, in the département of Loir-et-Cher in the Loire Valley in France.	Château de Cheverny	France
country	The Kebbi Emirate, also known as the Argungu Emirate is a traditional state based on the town of Argungu in Kebbi State, Nigeria.	Kebbi Emirate	Nigeria
country	The Sarstoon River (Spanish: Río Sarstún) is a river in the Toledo District of Belize.	Sarstoon River	Belize
country	Johor Bahru Inner Ring Road, (JBIRR) or Jalan Lingkaran Dalam, Federal Route 188, is a multi-lane federal ring road highway that circles the Johor Bahru Central District in Johor, Malaysia.	Johor Bahru Inner Ring Road	Malaysia
country	The Hildesheim Börde region is almost entirely covered by a layer of ice age loess to a depth of up to 2 m. Its soils are the most fertile in Germany and it has been cultivated for 4,000 years.	Hildesheim Börde	Germany
country	G17 Plus (G17+), was a liberal-conservative political party in Serbia that existed from 2002 until 2013 when it merged into the United Regions of Serbia (URS).	G17 Plus	Serbia
country	Veľká Fatra National Park (Slovak: Národný park Veľká Fatra) is a National Park in Slovakia.	Veľká Fatra National Park	Slovakia
country	Dytmarów (dɨtˈmaruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Dytmarów	Poland
country	St Mawes (Cornish: Lannvowsedh) is a small town opposite Falmouth, on the Roseland Peninsula on the south coast of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Mawes	United Kingdom
country	Bekkestua is a town in the municipality of Bærum, Norway, with a busy bus terminal and a station on one of Oslo's westbound T-bane lines, Kolsåsbanen.	Bekkestua	Norway
country	London Circuit is a road in Canberra, Australia, which surrounds City Hill in Civic, the city centre.	London Circuit	Australia
country	The Three Sisters Range is a subrange of the Stikine Ranges, located northwest of junction of the Stikine and McBride Rivers in northern British Columbia, Canada and to the southeast of the community of Dease Lake.	Three Sisters Range	Canada
country	Boneh-ye Naimeh (Persian: بنه نعيمه‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Naʿīmeh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Naimeh	Iran
country	Knorydy Górne (knɔˈrɨdɨ ˈɡurnɛ) (Ukrainian: Кнориди Горішні, Knorydy Horishni) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Knorydy Górne	Poland
country	Duchów (ˈduxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Duchów	Poland
country	La Victoria de Acentejo is a town and a municipality in the northern part of the island Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain.	La Victoria de Acentejo	Spain
country	Skagen Odde, also Skagens Odde, sometimes known in English as the Scaw Spit, is a sandy peninsula which stretches some 30 km (19 mi) northeast and comprise the northmost area of Vendsyssel in Jutland, Denmark.	Skagen Odde	Denmark
country	New Athos Cave is one of the tourist attractions of Abkhazia, Georgia.	New Athos	Georgia
country	Tarras is a small farming settlement in Central Otago, in the South Island of New Zealand.	Tarras	New Zealand
country	Rudkhaneh-ye Soltani (Persian: رودخانه سلطاني‎, also Romanized as Rūdkhāneh-ye Solţānī, Roodkhaneh Soltani, and Rūdkhāneh Solţānī; also known as Solţānī and Sultāni) is a village in Dashtab Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rudkhaneh-ye Soltani	Iran
country	The Château de Meung-sur-Loire is a former castle and episcopal palace in the commune of Meung-sur-Loire in the Loiret département of France.	Château de Meung-sur-Loire	France
country	Nahr-e Rahmeh (Persian: نهررحمه‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Raḩmeh) is a village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Rahmeh	Iran
country	Writing-on-Stone Provincial Park is located about 100 kilometres southeast of Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada or 44 kilometres east of the community of Milk River, and straddles the Milk River itself.	Writing-on-Stone Provincial Park	Canada
country	Miramichi-Bay du Vin (French: Miramichi-Baie-du-Vin) was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada.	Miramichi-Bay du Vin	Canada
country	Orchid Enclave is a pair of residential towers currently under construction in Mumbai, India.	Orchid Enclave	India
country	DR-12, better known as la Carretera de Constanza, is a signed highway in the Dominican Republic, part of the national highway system.	DR-12	Dominican Republic
country	Muncho Lake/Mile 462 Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CBF8), is an aerodrome in north-eastern British Columbia, Canada.	Muncho Lake/Mile 462 Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Drottningviken is the name of a small bay in Nynäshamn, Sweden.	Drottningviken	Sweden
country	Tuval (Hebrew: תּוּבַל) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Tuval	Israel
country	Bay Rock Light is an inactive lighthouse which used to be located on Bay Rock, a rocky islet northwest of Magnetic Island, about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.	Bay Rock Light	Australia
country	Valencia de Don Juan (Spanish pronunciation: (baˈlenθja de don xwan); Coyanza in Leonese language) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Valencia de Don Juan	Spain
country	Carlton Black, or CB, as it is commonly called, has the lowest market share of all beer sold in Australia, both on tap and packaged.	Carlton Black	Australia
country	Raysut (Arabic: ريسوت‎) is a port town in southwestern Oman.	Raysut	Oman
country	Belqas (Egyptian Arabic: بلقاس, pronounced (belˈʔæːs)) is a town located in the north-western corner of the Dakahlia Governorate in Egypt.	Belqas	Egypt
country	Royal Air Force Hereford or RAF Hereford, and also known as RAF Credenhill, was a non-flying station of the Royal Air Force situated in the village of Credenhill near Hereford, United Kingdom.	RAF Hereford	United Kingdom
country	Lettermore (Irish: Leitir Móir) is a Gaeltacht village in County Galway, Ireland.	Lettermore	Ireland
country	Vanadislunden is a big park area in Stockholm, Sweden, located in Vasastaden.	Vanadislunden	Sweden
country	Baba Hassen (Arabic: بابا حسن‎) is a commune in Algiers Province and a suburb of the city of Algiers in northern Algeria.	Baba Hassen	Algeria
country	The Manchester Academic Health Science Centre (MAHSC; /ˈmæsk/) is an academic health science centre based in Manchester, United Kingdom.	Manchester Academic Health Science Centre	United Kingdom
country	Narón is a municipality in northwestern Spain in the autonomous community of Galicia.	Narón	Spain
country	Mall Taman Anggrek, translated to ``Orchid Garden Mall'' in English (also known as MTA or TA), is a Shopping Mall in Indonesia.	Mall Taman Anggrek	Indonesia
country	Kouniakary or Koniakari is a town and urban commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Kouniakary	Mali
country	Lac de Bort-les-Orgues is a lake located on the border of the Cantal, Corrèze and Puy-de-Dôme departments, France.	Lac de Bort-les-Orgues	France
country	The Diveria (Walliser German: Churumm Bach; German: KrummBach) is an Alpine river which flows through Switzerland (Canton Valais) and Italy (Province of Verbano Cusio Ossola).	Diveria	Switzerland	Italy
country	Moenui is a small settlement 3 km east of Havelock in the South Island of New Zealand.	Moenui	New Zealand
country	Questembert (Breton: Kistreberzh) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.	Questembert	France
country	Dena (in Persian and Lurish: دنا) is the name for a sub-range within the Zagros Range of West/Southwestern Iran.	Dena	Iran
country	Tyresö Centrum (Tyresö Centre) is an enclosed shopping centre in Tyresö centre, Bollmora, the municipal centre of Tyresö, Sweden.	Tyresö Centrum	Sweden
country	Gondek-e Hasan (Persian: گندك حسن‎, also Romanized as Gondek-e Ḩasan) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gondek-e Hasan	Iran
country	Swiss wine is produced from nearly 15 000 hectares of vineyards, and the wines are mainly produced in the west and in the south of Switzerland, in the cantons of Geneva, Neuchâtel, Ticino, Valais and Vaud.	Swiss wine	Switzerland
country	The Jack Hills mine is an iron ore mine located 400km northeast of Geraldton in the Mid West region of Western Australia.	Jack Hills mine	Australia
country	Cahul International Airport (ICAO: LUCH) is located in southern part of Moldova, 8 km (5.0 mi) south-east of Cahul.	Cahul International Airport	Moldova
country	The Autovia C-60, also known as the Autovia Mataró-Granollers is a highway in Catalonia, Spain.	Autovia C-60	Spain
country	Mrkonjić Grad (Serbian Cyrillic: Мркоњић Град; pronounced (mr̩koɲit͡ɕ grad)) is a town and municipality in western Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the Republika Srpska entity.	Mrkonjić Grad	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Walga (ˈvalɡa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Walga	Poland
country	Rønnebæksholm is a former manor house located just outside Næstved in south-eastern Denmark.	Rønnebæksholm	Denmark
country	Barduń (ˈbarduɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Barduń	Poland
country	Karminiec (karˈmiɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Karminiec	Poland
country	Salaga is a town and is the capital of East Gonja district, a district in the Northern Region of north Ghana.	Salaga	Ghana
country	Deir Mama (Arabic: ديرماما‎) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located west of Hama.	Deir Mama	Syria
country	Sohar Airport is situated in the wilayat of Sohar in Al Batinah Region of Oman.	Sohar Airport	Oman
country	Bishop Stuart University (BSU) is a private, not-for-profit, multi-campus university in Uganda.	Bishop Stuart University	Uganda
country	The Cerro del Obispado (Spanish for Bishopric Hill) is a famous landmark in the city of Monterrey, Mexico, named after the building constructed in the middle of the hill by the end of the 18th century.	Cerro del Obispado	Mexico
country	Changali (Persian: چنگالي‎, also Romanized as Changālī) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Changali	Iran
country	Helgeland Bridge (Norwegian: Helgelandsbrua) is a cable-stayed bridge that crosses the Leirfjorden between the mainland and the island Alsta in Nordland county, Norway.	Helgeland Bridge	Norway
country	The University of Copenhagen Geological Museum is a geology museum located on Øster Voldgade, at the northeast corner of the University of Copenhagen Botanical Garden, in Copenhagen, Denmark.	University of Copenhagen Geological Museum	Denmark
country	Saint-Pons-de-Thomières Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Pons de Saint-Pons-de-Thomières) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral, and national monument of France, in Saint-Pons-de-Thomières.	Saint-Pons-de-Thomières Cathedral	France
country	Piątkowizna (pjɔntkɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Piątkowizna	Poland
country	Skopun (pronounced (skopn)) is a town in the Faroe Islands situated on the northern coast of Sandoy (Sand Island).	Skopun	Faroe Islands
country	Scientific evaluations consider the Lough Oughter area as a whole as the best inland example of a flooded drumlin landscape in Ireland and has many rich and varied biological communities.	Lough Oughter	Ireland
country	Corbeilles (also known as Corbeilles-en-Gâtinais) is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.	Corbeilles	France
country	Wewak Harbour is the harbour that serves the town of Wewak, Papua New Guinea.	Wewak Harbour	Papua New Guinea
country	Azad Kuh (Persian: آزاد کوه) is one of the highest peaks in the central Alburz Range in Mazandaran province north of Iran.	Azad Kuh	Iran
country	Batakara is a town and Union Council of Swabi District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Batakara	Pakistan
country	Sayabec railway station is located on Rue Boulay (Route 132) in the village of Sayabec, Quebec, Canada.	Sayabec railway station	Canada
country	Al-Rashid Islamic Institute, is an Islamic institute in Cornwall, Ontario, Canada.	Al-Rashid Islamic Institute	Canada
country	Gåsøyane Bird Sanctuary (Norwegian: Gåsøyane fuglereservat) is a bird reserve at Svalbard, Norway, established in 1973.	Gåsøyane Bird Sanctuary	Norway
country	Kudahuvadhoo Kandu is the channel in between Kolhumadulu, Meemu Atoll and Dhaalu Atoll of the Maldives.	Kudahuvadhoo Kandu	Maldives
country	The Proastiakos (Greek: Προαστιακός, English: 'suburban') is the collective name for Greece's suburban (commuter rail) services, which are run by TrainOSE, the country's only rail operator, on infrastructure owned by the Hellenic Railways Organisation (OSE).	Proastiakos	Greece
country	The Initiative for Peace and Human Rights (German: Initiative für Frieden und Menschenrechte) was the oldest opposition group in East Germany.	Initiative for Peace and Human Rights	East Germany
country	Beamer Memorial Conservation Area is located on the Niagara Escarpment in Grimsby, Ontario, Canada and is owned and operated by the Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority.	Beamer Memorial Conservation Area	Canada
country	Kilafors is a locality situated in Bollnäs Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 1,126 inhabitants in 2010.	Kilafors	Sweden
country	Rutog County is a large western county of the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Rutog County	People's Republic of China
country	South Jutland County (Danish: Sønderjyllands Amt) is a former county (Danish: amt) on the south-central portion of the Jutland Peninsula in southern Denmark.	South Jutland County	Denmark
country	The Brennender Berg (Burning Mountain) is a natural monument located in a deep and narrow gorge between Dudweiler and Sulzbach-Neuweiler in Saarland, Germany.	Brennender Berg	Germany
country	Weld Land District is one of the land districts of Western Australia, which is located within the Eastern Land Division in the north-eastern Goldfields region of the state.	Weld Land District	Australia
country	Air Bagan Limited (Burmese: အဲပုဂံ), operating as Air Bagan, is an airline headquartered in Bahan Township, Yangon, Myanmar.	Air Bagan	Myanmar
country	Calgary-Northern Hills is a provincial electoral district in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary-Northern Hills	Canada
country	Saghari Rampur is a village in Aurai block in Muzaffarpur district in the India state of Bihar.	Saghari Rampur	India
country	Bournville School and sixth form centre is a secondary school with academy status, a Specialist Business and Enterprise College and Music College status, for students aged 11--19, in Bournville, Birmingham in the United Kingdom.	Bournville School	United Kingdom
country	Alagyaz (Armenian: Ալագյազ; Kurdish: Elegez‎, until 1938, Mets Dzhamshlu, Bol'shoy Dzhamushli, Dzhamushlu Bol'shoy, Dzhamushli, Mets Jamyshlu, and Mets Jamshlu) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Alagyaz	Armenia
country	Gentofte station is a station on the Hillerød radial of the S-train network in Copenhagen, Denmark, served by B-trains to Holte and Copenhagen.	Gentofte station	Denmark
country	Bunji Dam or Rondu Bunji Dam or Haramosh Bunji Dam is proposed large hydro-power project on Indus River in Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan.	Bunji Dam	Pakistan
country	Şin (also, Shin) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şin	Azerbaijan
country	The Metropolitan City of Palermo (Italian: Città metropolitana di Palermo) is a metropolitan city in Sicily, Italy.	Metropolitan City of Palermo	Italy
country	Goose (Otter Creek) Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CCB5) is located in Terrington Basin at Lake Melville, near Happy Valley-Goose Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada and is open from June to November.	Goose (Otter Creek) Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Bunka parish (Latvian: Bunkas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Priekule Municipality, Latvia.	Bunka parish	Latvia
country	Balbala is a southern suburb of Djibouti city, located west of the river Ambouli.	Balbala	Djibouti
country	The 1945 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship was the 23rd season of the Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, the national championship of Sweden.	1945 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship	Sweden
country	The European Defence Agency (EDA; French: Agence européenne de défense, AED) is an agency of the European Union (EU) based in Brussels, Belgium.	European Defence Agency	Belgium
country	Begzadići (Serbian: Бегзадићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Begzadići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Minna is a city (estimated population 304,113 in 2007) in west central Nigeria.	Minna	Nigeria
country	Ardastra Gardens, Zoo and Conservation Centre in Nassau, The Bahamas opened in 1937 though the work of the Jamaican horticulturist, Hedley Vivian Edwards.	Ardastra Gardens, Zoo and Conservation Centre	The Bahamas
country	The Harmersbach Valley Railway (German: Harmersbachtalbahn) is a 10.6 km long branch line in southwestern Germany that branches off in Biberach from the Black Forest Railway and ends in Oberharmersbach-Riersbach.	Harmersbach Valley Railway	Germany
country	Jalan Kulim Hi-Tech, Federal Route 3053, also known as Perdana Highway (Lebuhraya Perdana), is a major highway in Kedah, Malaysia.	Jalan Kulim Hi-Tech	Malaysia
country	Nazilli Belediyespor is the local football team for city of Aydın province of Turkey.	Nazilli Belediyespor	Turkey
country	Glavkino (Russian: Главкино, pronounced (ˈɡlʲavkʲɪnə)) is a film studio, which is often described as one of the biggest Film concerns in Russia.	Glavkino	Russia
country	The Kaiwharawhara Stream is a stream in the North Island of New Zealand on the northwestern side of the national capital, Wellington.	Kaiwharawhara Stream	New Zealand
country	Baía do Galeão is a bay on the north coast of the island of Maio in Cape Verde.	Baía do Galeão	Cape Verde
country	Morteros is a city and municipality in the San Justo Departament in the north east of the Córdoba Province, Argentina.	Morteros	Argentina
country	Goobo is a town in southern Bay region of Somalia.	Goobo	Somalia
country	Rivière Tamarin is a river in southwest Mauritius.	Rivière Tamarin	Mauritius
country	Pont-à-Celles draws its name from Latin Cella, meaning room or cell of monk, probably because of the presence of the monastery founded in the 7th century, by Saint Amand (apostle of Belgium).	Pont-à-Celles	Belgium
country	Portezuelo del Cajón, also known as Hito Cajón, is a mountain pass on the border between Chile and Bolivia, located on the lower southeast flank of Juriques volcano, close to the Licancabur volcano.	Portezuelo del Cajón	Chile
country	The 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix (formally the XXV ING Magyar Nagydíj) was a Formula One motor race held on July 26, 2009 at the Hungaroring in Mogyoród, 18 km (11 mi) north of Budapest, Hungary.	2009 Hungarian Grand Prix	Hungary
country	Quetta railway station (Urdu: کوئٹہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in the middle of Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Quetta railway station	Pakistan
country	Berrimah Power Station is located in Berrimah, an industrial suburb of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.	Berrimah Power Station	Australia
country	Pilar de la Horadada (Spanish pronunciation: (piˈlar ðe la oɾaˈðaða)) is a town and district in the Province of Alicante, in the southeast of Spain.	Pilar de la Horadada	Spain
country	Doña Montserrat Lopez Memorial High School, also referred to by the acronym DMLMHS, is a public national high school in Silay City, Negros Occidental, Philippines.	Doña Montserrat Lopez Memorial High School	Philippines
country	The Beni River (Spanish: Río Beni) is a river in the north of Bolivia.	Beni River	Bolivia
country	Saket Nagar (Hindi: साकेत नगर) is a suburb of Bhopal, India, on the southern side of the city of Bhopal.	Saket Nagar	India
country	Jalan Kayu is a street situated within Sengkang in the North-Eastern region of Singapore.	Jalan Kayu	Singapore
country	Abja-Vanamõisa (also known as Tümpsi) is a village in Abja Parish, Viljandi County, in southern Estonia.	Abja-Vanamõisa	Estonia
country	Payachata or Paya Chata (Aymara pä, paya two, Pukina chata mountain, ``two mountains'') is a north-south trending complex of potentially active volcanos on the border of Bolivia and Chile, directly north of Chungará Lake.	Payachata	Bolivia	Chile
country	Navagattegama is a village in Sri Lanka's north-west province, near Aanamduwa.	Navagattegama	Sri Lanka
country	Ryley is a village in central Alberta, Canada.	Ryley	Canada
country	Chavakkad is a municipality in Thrissur District of Kerala state in India.	Chavakkad	India
country	Taldou (also spelled Tall Daww, Taldo, Tall Dhu or Taldao Arabic: تلدو‎) is a town in the Houla region of northern Syria, north of Homs in the Homs Governorate.	Taldou	Syria
country	The Gulf of Oman desert and semi-desert is a coastal ecoregion on the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman in Oman and the United Arab Emirates at the northeastern tip of the Arabian Peninsula .	Gulf of Oman desert and semi-desert	United Arab Emirates
country	Borisovo-Okolitsy (Russian: Борисово-Околицы) is a rural locality (a village) in Zaraysky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 6 kilometers (3.7 mi) northeast from the town of Zaraysk.	Borisovo-Okolitsy	Russia
country	Château Langoa-Barton (archaically named Pontet Langlois) is a winery in the Saint-Julien appellation of the Bordeaux region of France.	Château Langoa-Barton	France
country	Bugis Junction is an integrated development located at Victoria Street, Middle Road and North Bridge Road in Bugis, Downtown Core in Singapore.	Bugis Junction	Singapore
country	Farol de Regufe or Regufe Light is a lighthouse in Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal, located in the city neighborhood of Regufe, origin of the lighthouse's naming.	Farol de Regufe	Portugal
country	Rennes-le-Château (Rènnas del Castèl in Occitan) is a small commune approximately 5 km (3 miles) south of Couiza, in the Aude department in Languedoc in southern France.	Rennes-le-Château	France
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Vermont is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America in the state of Vermont.	Episcopal Diocese of Vermont	United States of America
country	The 1868 Arica earthquake occurred on 13 August 1868, near Arica, then part of Peru, now part of Chile, at 21:30 UTC.	1868 Arica earthquake	Chile
country	Þórisjökull or Thórisjökull (Icelandic for ``Thóris's glacier'') is a small glacier and volcano in western-central Iceland, to the southwest of Langjökull glacier.	Þórisjökull	Iceland
country	Marehra, is a city and a municipal board in Etah district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Marehra	India
country	San Francisco de Cuapa (Spanish pronunciation: (sam fɾanˈsisko ðe ˈkwapa)) is a municipality in the Chontales Department of Nicaragua.	San Francisco de Cuapa	Nicaragua
country	May Pen is the capital and largest town in the parish of Clarendon in the Middlesex County, Jamaica.	May Pen	Jamaica
country	There is a college named Kanchrapara College under University of Kalyani, Kendriya Vidyalaya No.1 Kanchrapara & Kendriya Vidyalaya No.2 Kanchrapara are also present in the locality which are under the Ministry of H.R.D , Govt.of India.	Kanchrapara	India
country	The Calcaire à Spatangues is a geological formation in the Paris basin of northern central France whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous.	Calcaire à Spatangues	France
country	Columbus Lighthouse (Spanish: Faro a Colón) is a monument located in Santo Domingo Este, Dominican Republic, in tribute to Christopher Columbus.	Columbus Lighthouse	Dominican Republic
country	The Federal University of Juiz de Fora (Portuguese: Universidade Federal de Juiz de Fora, UFJF) is a university in Brazil.	Federal University of Juiz de Fora	Brazil
country	Austria-Hungary consisted of two monarchies (Austria and Hungary), and one autonomous region:	Austria-Hungary	Austria and Hungary
country	Marlik is an ancient site near Roudbar in Gilan, north of Iran.	Marlik	Iran
country	Eystur Municipality (Eysturkommuna) is a municipality (kommuna) in the Faroe Islands.	Eystur Municipality	Faroe Islands
country	The Al-Burtasi is a mosque in Tripoli, Lebanon.	Al-Burtasi	Lebanon
country	Magadan-13 Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Магадан-13) (ICAO: UHMT) is a small airport in Russia located 10 km northeast of Magadan.	Magadan-13 Airport	Russia
country	The Naples metropolitan area (Italian: Area metropolitana di Napoli) is a metropolitan area in Campania, Italy, centered on the city of Naples.	Naples metropolitan area	Italy
country	The Krokettenmotie (croquette motion) is a motion proposed on 25 November 1993 by future Prime Minister of the Netherlands, Jan Peter Balkenende, in the municipal council of Amstelveen.	Krokettenmotie	Netherlands
country	Jharsuguda Airport (IATA: VEJH) is located 5 kilometres north-east of Jharsuguda in western Odisha, India.	Jharsuguda Airport	India
country	The Martin Gropius Krankenhaus is a neuro-psychiatric hospital in Eberswalde, Germany.	Martin Gropius Krankenhaus	Germany
country	Samedi de rire was a Radio-Canada sketch comedy show in Quebec that aired from 1985 to 1989.	Samedi de rire	Canada
country	Ateshkadeh-ye Sofla (Persian: اتشكده سفلي‎, also Romanized as Āteshkadeh-ye Soflá; also known as Āteshkadeh-ye Pā’īn, Ātashkadeh and Āteshkadeh) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ateshkadeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Jareniówka (jarɛˈɲufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Jareniówka	Poland
country	Asankodai is a village in India with around 30 families.	Asankodai	India
country	As such, the port of Mangaratiba is one of the largest in Brazil.	Mangaratiba	Brazil
country	DDSHS Karimpadam is a school in Chendamangalam of North Paravur, Ernakulam district of Kerala state, India.	DDSHS Karimpadam	India
country	The Sugovica is a small river in southern Hungary, near Baja.	Sugovica	Hungary
country	Mile 30 is a settlement that is situated 30 miles (48 km) south of Rundu in the Okavango region of Namibia, on the B8 national road.	Mile 30	Namibia
country	Batroun (Greek: Βοτρύς, Botrys; Arabic: البترون‎, al-Batrun; Aramaic: בתרון‎, Bitron) is a coastal city in northern Lebanon and one of the oldest cities in the world.	Batroun	Lebanon
country	Upplands Väsby Municipality (Upplands Väsby kommun) is a municipality in Stockholm County in east central Sweden, with a population of 38,963 (2010).	Upplands Väsby Municipality	Sweden
country	Smederevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Смедерево, pronounced (smêderevo)) is a city in Serbia, on the right bank of the Danube, about 45 kilometres (28 miles) downstream of the capital Belgrade.	Smederevo	Serbia
country	Żychlin (ˈʐɨxlin) (other rarely used names include Zechlin and Zichlin) is a town in Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland, about 50 north of Łódź and 90 kilometres (56 miles) west of Warsaw.	Żychlin	Poland
country	Piz Sella is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps, located on the border between Italy and Switzerland.	Piz Sella	Italy	Switzerland
country	Via della Conciliazione (Road of the Conciliation) is a street in the Rione of Borgo within Rome, Italy.	Via della Conciliazione	Italy
country	Daniel Oduber Quirós International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Daniel Oduber Quirós) (IATA: LIR, ICAO: MRLB), also known as Liberia International Airport, is one of four international airports in Costa Rica.	Daniel Oduber Quirós International Airport	Costa Rica
country	Jamal ol Din Kola (Persian: جمال الدين كلا‎, also Romanized as Jamāl ol Dīn Kolā, Jalāl Ed Dīn Kolā, Jalāl od Dīn Kalā, Jamāl ed Dīn Kolā, and Jamāl od Dīn Kolā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jamal ol Din Kola	Iran
country	Scott Cove is a locality on the west side of Gilford Island in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located at the cove of the same name.	Scott Cove	Canada
country	Gairsain (ɡɛːrˈsɛːɳ) (Hindi: गैरसैण) is a town and municipal board in the Chamoli district in central Uttarakhand, India.	Gairsain	India
country	Rakops, also known as Tsienyane, is a village in Central District of Botswana.	Rakops	Botswana
country	Aragvispiri (Georgian: არაგვისპირი) is a village in north-eastern Georgia.	Aragvispiri	Georgia
country	Desfina (Greek: Δεσφίνα) is a town and a former municipality in the southern part of Phocis, Greece.	Desfina	Greece
country	Bagudo is a Local Government Area in Kebbi State, Nigeria, sharing a boundary with the Republic of Benin.	Bagudo	Nigeria
country	Kugan Baraftab (Persian: كوگان برافتاب‎, also Romanized as Kūgān Barāftāb; also known as Kabkān, Gabgān, Kabgān, and Kūgān) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kugan Baraftab	Iran
country	The Sulafa Tower is a 75-story skyscraper in the Dubai Marina in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Sulafa Tower	United Arab Emirates
country	Megoulianitika (Greek: Μεγουλιανίτικα) (or Magoulianitika, Greek: Μαγουλιανίτικα) was an old neighbourhood in the city of Patras, Achaea, Greece.	Megoulianitika	Greece
country	Hamuliakovo (Hungarian: Gutor) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Senec District in the Bratislava Region.	Hamuliakovo	Slovakia
country	RELCOM or Relcom (Russian: РЕЛКОМ, Релком), an acronym for ``RELiable COMmunications'' is a computer network in Russia.	RELCOM	Russia
country	Vamos is a small town and former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Vamos	Greece
country	Malacca Coastal Bridge is a river bridge in box girder shape in Malacca City in Malacca state, Malaysia.	Malacca Coastal Bridge	Malaysia
country	Šćitarjevo (sometimes spelled Ščitarjevo) is a settlement officially part of the city of Velika Gorica, Croatia.	Šćitarjevo	Croatia
country	The University of Antofagasta (also referred to as UA) is a public research university located in Antofagasta, Chile.	University of Antofagasta	Chile
country	Elephant Pass railway station (Tamil: ஆனையிறவு தொடருந்து நிலையம் Āṉaiyiṟavu toṭaruntu nilaiyam) is a railway station at Elephant Pass in northern Sri Lanka.	Elephant Pass railway station	Sri Lanka
country	The A81 autoroute is a motorway in north-western France.	A81 autoroute	France
country	Koszajny (kɔˈʂai̯nɨ) (German Koschainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Koszajny	Poland
country	Istanbul Province (Turkish: İstanbul ili), also the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality (İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyesi) is a province located in north-west Turkey.	Istanbul Province	Turkey
country	The Alaçatı Dam is a dam in İzmir Province, Turkey, built between 1994 and 1997.	Alaçatı Dam	Turkey
country	Nuclear Medicine, Oncology and Radiotherapy Institute (NORI) is the 7th Cancer hospital and research centre; established by Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) in 1983 at Islamabad, adjacent to the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) to caterer Patients from Islamabad and adjoining areas.	Nuclear Medicine, Oncology and Radiotherapy Institute	Pakistan
country	Eina Station (Norwegian: Eina stasjon) is located in Eina in Vestre Toten, Norway.	Eina Station	Norway
country	Abu Salim prison (Arabic: سجن أبو سليم) is a maximum security prison in Tripoli, Libya.	Abu Salim prison	Libya
country	Gavoi is a comune in central Sardinia (Italy), part of the province of Nuoro, in the natural region of Barbagia.	Gavoi	Italy
country	Mäkiluoto or MacElliot (Swedish: Makilo) is a Finnish island in the Gulf of Finland, just to the south of Porkkala peninsula.	Mäkiluoto	Finland
country	Harkabuz (xarˈkabus), (Slovak: Harkabúz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raba Wyżna, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Harkabuz	Poland
country	Eaton Bank Academy is also the only secondary school in Congleton to be included in the ``Top 500 Secondary Schools in the United Kingdom'' and also has a high exam pass rate.	Eaton Bank Academy	United Kingdom
country	Turukta (Russian: Турукта) is a rural locality (a selo), one of two settlements, in addition to Nyuya, the administrative centre of the Rural Okrug, in Nyuysky Rural Okrug of Lensky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Turukta	Russia
country	Kajaki is a village in southern Afghanistan, and is split between two townsteads, Kajaki 'Olya, and Kajaki Sofla.	Kajaki	Afghanistan
country	Gitani (Persian: گيتاني‎, also Romanized as Gītānī) is a village in Birk Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gitani	Iran
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 100 is the Rundata designation for a memorial runestone that is located in the forest where a path meets a bog near Skälby, which is about two kilometers northeast of Sollentuna, Stockholm County, Sweden, which was part of the historical province of Uppland.	Uppland Runic Inscription 100	Sweden
country	Reichswerke Hermann Göring was an industrial conglomerate of Nazi Germany.	Reichswerke Hermann Göring	Germany
country	Chaman Soltan (Persian: چمن سلطان‎, also Romanized as Chaman Solţān, Chaman-i-Sultān, and Chaman Sultān; also known as Cham Solţān) is a village in Borborud-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chaman Soltan	Iran
country	Ala-Buka a village which is the capital of Ala-Buka District of Jalal-Abad Region, Kyrgyzstan.	Ala-Buka	Kyrgyzstan
country	Taihape Railway Station in Taihape, New Zealand was an important intermediate station on the North Island Main Trunk line, with a refreshment room, marshalling yard and locomotive depot.	Taihape Railway Station	New Zealand
country	A great social meeting was held in the village of Bahupura on date May 28, 1938 by All India Dhiman Maha Sabha (Branch District Bijnor).	Bahupura	India
country	Dolga Njiva pri Šentlovrencu (pronounced (ˈdoːu̯ɡa ˈnjiːʋa pɾi ʃɛnˈtloːu̯ɾɛntsu) or pronounced (ˈdoːu̯ɡa ˈnjiːva pɾi ʃənˈtloːu̯ɾɛntsu)) is a small village north of Šentlovrenc in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Dolga Njiva pri Šentlovrencu	Slovenia
country	Krajanka (kraˈjanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Krajanka	Poland
country	Oued Laou (Arabic: واد لاو‎, Berber: Wad Law, ⵡⴰⴷ ⵍⴰⵡ) is a small town located in northern Morocco on the Mediterranean coast.	Oued Laou	Morocco
country	Bwana Mkubwa (or Bwana M'kubwa; meaning ``big chief''; or ``great master'') is a settlement and a mine in Copperbelt Province, Zambia.	Bwana Mkubwa	Zambia
country	Porto Empedocle (Sicilian: Marina) is a town and comune in Italy on the coast of the Strait of Sicily, administratively part of the province of Agrigento.	Porto Empedocle	Italy
country	The Panjkora River is a river in northern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, northwestern Pakistan.	Panjkora River	Pakistan
country	Craigieburn Forest Park is a protected area in the South Island of New Zealand.	Craigieburn Forest Park	New Zealand
country	Lutcza (ˈlut͡ʂːa) (Ukrainian: Лютча, Liutcha) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niebylec, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Lutcza	Poland
country	Wigilia (Polish pronunciation: (viˈɡilʲa)) is the traditional Christmas Eve vigil supper in Poland, held on December 24.	Wigilia	Poland
country	Daily Tribune is an English-language newspaper in Bahrain.	Daily Tribune	Bahrain
country	The National University of Central Buenos Aires (Universidad Nacional del Centro de Buenos Aires) is a public institution of higher learning located in Tandil, a city in the central region of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	National University of Central Buenos Aires	Argentina
country	The Castle of Rivoli is a former Residence of the Royal House of Savoy in Rivoli (province of Turin, Italy).	Castle of Rivoli	Italy
country	Foel Hafod-fynydd is a subsidiary summit of Aran Fawddwy in southern Snowdonia, North Wales, Wales, United Kingdom.	Foel Hafod-fynydd	United Kingdom
country	Centredale Aerodrome (TC LID: CDL8)is located 1.4 nautical miles (2.6 km; 1.6 mi) southeast of Centredale, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Centredale Aerodrome	Canada
country	Krems an der Donau (kʀɛms an dɐ ˈdoːnaʊ̯) is a town of 23,992 inhabitants in Austria, in the federal state of Lower Austria.	Krems an der Donau	Austria
country	Mushumbi Pools is a village in Mbire District, north of Guruve in Mashonaland Central province in Zimbabwe.	Mushumbi Pools	Zimbabwe
country	German labour law refers to the regulation of the employment relationship and industrial partnership in Germany.	German labour law	Germany
country	Vega Church (Norwegian: Vega kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vega in Nordland county, Norway.	Vega Church	Norway
country	Cezlak (pronounced (tsɛˈzlaːk)) is a small settlement in the foothills of the Pohorje range in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Cezlak	Slovenia
country	Francisco I. Madero Avenue, commonly known as simply Madero street is a geographically and historically significant pedestrian street of Mexico City and a major thoroughfare of the historic city center.	Francisco I. Madero Avenue	Mexico
country	Truman Dagnus Locheed Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the northeast side of Okanagan Lake to the southwest of the city of Vernon.	Truman Dagnus Locheed Provincial Park	Canada
country	Mumba Cave, located near the highly alkaline Lake Eyasi in northern Tanzania, is a rich archaeological site noted for deposits spanning the transition between the Middle Stone Age and Late Stone Age in eastern Africa.	Mumba Cave	Tanzania
country	It is located in the Natural Park of Posets-Maladeta in the town of Benasque in Province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Maladeta	Spain
country	Stupnica is a right tributary of the San River in southeastern Poland.	Stupnica	Poland
country	San Francisco de Dos Ríos District, the sixth ``distrito'' of San José Canton, Costa Rica, is one of the administrative units surrounding San José downtown (officially composed by the districts of El Carmen, Merced, Hospital and Catedral).	San Francisco de Dos Ríos District	Costa Rica
country	The Tamil United Liberation Front (Tamil: தமிழர் ஐக்கிய விடுதலை முன்னணி, Sinhalese: ද්රවිඩ එක්සත් විමුක්ති පෙරමුණ) is a political party in Sri Lanka which seeks independence for the Tamil-populated areas of Sri Lanka.	Tamil United Liberation Front	Sri Lanka
country	Pesje (pronounced (ˈpeːsjɛ)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Pesje	Slovenia
country	Kildeparken (locally, ``Kilden'') is a large public park in Aalborg, Denmark.	Kildeparken	Denmark
country	Valberg Church (Norwegian: Valberg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Valberg Church	Norway
country	Yongsan Family Park (Hangul: 용산가족공원; hanja: 龍山家族公園; RR: Yongsan Gajok Gongwon) is a park in Yongsan District, Seoul, South Korea.	Yongsan Family Park	South Korea
country	Manjakandriana is a town in Manjakandriana District, Analamanga Region, in the Central Highlands of Madagascar.	Manjakandriana	Madagascar
country	The 1965 Soviet economic reform, sometimes called the Kosygin reform or Liberman reform, were a set of planned changes in the economy of the Soviet Union (USSR).	1965 Soviet economic reform	Soviet Union
country	Simich (Yaghnobi Симич) is a village in western Tajikistan.	Simich	Tajikistan
country	Mazraeh-ye Vastmin (Persian: مزرعه وستمين‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Vastmīn) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 15 families.	Mazraeh-ye Vastmin	Iran
country	The Pontifical Biblical Institute (it: Pontificio Istituto Biblico) or ``Biblicum'' in Rome, Italy, is an institution of the Holy See run by the Jesuits that offers instruction at the university level.	Pontifical Biblical Institute	Italy
country	Efoulan (Efoulen, Efulan, Efulen) is a town and commune in Cameroon.	Efoulan	Cameroon
country	Galindo y Perahuy is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, in western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon.	Galindo y Perahuy	Spain
country	Buloburde (Somali: Buuloburde), also spelled Buloburti or Bulobarde, is a town in the central Hiran region of Somalia.	Buloburde	Somalia
country	The Shire of Williams is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 161 kilometres (100 mi) southeast of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Williams	Australia
country	Ponthoile is a commune in the Somme department of Picardie in northern France.	Ponthoile	France
country	Hobsonville is a rural suburban district of the Auckland metropolitan area in the North Island of New Zealand.	Hobsonville	New Zealand
country	Stadsgraven is the canal which separates Christianshavn from the rest of Amager in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Stadsgraven	Denmark
country	Sømna Church (Norwegian: Sømna kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sømna in Nordland county, Norway.	Sømna Church	Norway
country	Smedsböle Radio Mast is a mast in Smedsböle, Finland.	Smedsböle Radio Mast	Finland
country	Riga Region (Latvian: Rīgas reģions), officially Riga Planning Region (Latvian: Rīgas plānošanas reģions) is one of five planning regions of Latvia, situated in the central part of Latvia, in and around the metropolis of Riga and along the shores of the Gulf of Riga.	Riga Planning Region	Latvia
country	Ahfad University for Women is a private women's university in Omdurman, Sudan.	Ahfad University for Women	Sudan
country	Tolombeh-ye Dehesh (Persian: تلمبه دهش‎) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Dehesh	Iran
country	The Hải Vân Pass (Vietnamese: Đèo Hải Vân, ``ocean cloud pass''), is an approximately 21 km long mountain pass on National Route 1A in Vietnam.	Hải Vân Pass	Vietnam
country	Barkatullah University (BU) (Hindi: बरकतउल्ला विश्वविद्यालय) is a university in Bhopal, India.	Barkatullah University	India
country	Safdarjung Airport (IATA: N/A, ICAO: VIDD) is an airport in New Delhi, India, in the neighbourhood of the same name.	Safdarjung Airport	India
country	Svaneke (Swencke in 1410, from old Danish swan swan and *wīka inlet) is a small town on the eastern coast of the Baltic island of Bornholm, Denmark.	Svaneke	Denmark
country	Cabuyao Poblacion, also known as Poblacion District is one of the five (5) districts of Cabuyao, in the province of Laguna, Philippines.	Cabuyao Poblacion	Philippines
country	Wólka Okopska (ˈvulka ɔˈkɔpska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Wólka Okopska	Poland
country	Jonne (ˈjɔnnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jonne	Poland
country	The Ellis Basin cave system is a group of interconnecting limestone caves located in the Mount Arthur region of the northwest South Island of New Zealand.	Ellis Basin cave system	New Zealand
country	The 2014 Canadian Grand Prix, formally known as the Formula 1 Grand Prix du Canada 2014, was a Formula One motor race that took place on 8 June 2014 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, Canada.	2014 Canadian Grand Prix	Canada
country	Fonualei is an uninhabited 5 km2 volcanic island close to Vavaʻu in the kingdom of Tonga.	Fonualei	Tonga
country	The Odessa Museum of Regional History is a historical museum in Odessa, Ukraine.	Odessa Museum of Regional History	Ukraine
country	Uksichan (Russian: Уксичан) is a shield volcano located in the northern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Uksichan	Russia
country	Bacacheri Park is a park located in Curitiba, state of Paraná, Brazil	Bacacheri Park	Brazil
country	Sant Quirze Safaja (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsaŋ ˈkirzə səˈfaʒə), Old Catalan for Saint Cyr the-Beech-Wood) is a municipality in the comarca of the Vallès Oriental in Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Quirze Safaja	Spain
country	Calar Alto is the highest peak (2168 m over sea level) in the Sierra de Los Filabres, a mountain chain in Andalusia, Spain.	Calar Alto	Spain
country	Ankpa is a Local Government Area in Kogi State, Nigeria.	Ankpa	Nigeria
country	Nawalapitiya (Sinhalese: නාවලපිටිය, Tamil: நாவலபிட்டி) is a town in Central Province, Sri Lanka.	Nawalapitiya	Sri Lanka
country	Alko is the national alcoholic beverage retailing monopoly in Finland.	Alko	Finland
country	Tazehabad-e Kalashem (Persian: تازه ابادكلاشم‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Kalāshem) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Kalashem	Iran
country	Fjærland Church (Norwegian: Fjærland kyrkje) is a parish church in Sogndal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Fjærland Church	Norway
country	Chinautla (Spanish pronunciation: (tʃiˈnautla)) is a municipality in the Guatemala department of Guatemala.	Chinautla	Guatemala
country	Kent Ridge Park is a 47-hectare public park in western Singapore, between the National University of Singapore and the Singapore Science Park.	Kent Ridge Park	Singapore
country	Ganvie is a lake village in Benin, lying in Lake Nokoué, near Cotonou.	Ganvie	Benin
country	The Khatanga River (Russian: Хатанга) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai in Russia.	Khatanga River	Russia
country	Đồng Hới ( listen) is the capital city of Quảng Bình Province in the north central coast of Vietnam.	Đồng Hới	Vietnam
country	RAAF Woomera Airfield (IATA: UMR, ICAO: YPWR) is an operational Royal Australian Air Force airfield located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) north of the Woomera Defence Village, in South Australia.	RAAF Woomera Airfield	Australia
country	Facultades de Filosofía y Teología de San Miguel (English: Philosophical and Theological Faculty of San Miguel) is a Jesuit university and seminary in San Miguel, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Facultades de Filosofía y Teología de San Miguel	Argentina
country	The Sir Rupert Clarke Stakes, registered as the Invitation Stakes, is a Melbourne Racing Club Group 1 Thoroughbred open handicap horse race, run over a distance of 1400 metres at Caulfield Racecourse, Melbourne, Australia in late September.Total prize money for the race is A$400,000 with the winner receiving $240,000.	Sir Rupert Clarke Stakes	Australia
country	Ning County or Ningxian (Chinese 宁县) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China.	Ning County	People's Republic of China
country	The 1993 Canadian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, Canada on June 13, 1993.	1993 Canadian Grand Prix	Canada
country	The Kalmit is the highest peak in the Palatinate Forest and the second highest (after the Donnersberg) in the Palatinate region of Germany.	Kalmit	Germany
country	Comblanchien is a commune just to the south of Nuits-Saint-Georges in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.	Comblanchien	France
country	Fraser Island is a heritage-listed island located along the southern coast of Queensland, Australia, approximately 200 kilometres (120 mi) north of Brisbane.	Fraser Island	Australia
country	Canadian Homes and Gardens was a magazine published by Maclean-Hunter in Canada from 1925 until 1962, succeeded by Canadian Homes, which was published until 1978.	Canadian Homes and Gardens	Canada
country	Darüşşafaka Ayhan Şahenk Sports Hall (Turkish: Darüşşafaka Ayhan Şahenk Spor Salonu) is a multi-purpose indoor arena that is located in Istanbul, Turkey.	Darüşşafaka Ayhan Şahenk Sports Hall	Turkey
country	Chah-e Mirza, Zahedan (Persian: چاه میرزا‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mirza, Zahedan	Iran
country	The site is used by the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority (Dounreay Nuclear Power Development Establishment) and the Ministry of Defence (Vulcan Naval Reactor Test Establishment), and the site is best known for its five nuclear reactors, three owned and operated by the UKAEA and two by the Ministry of Defence.	Dounreay	United Kingdom
country	Mount Kosvinsky Kamen, Kosvinsky Mountain, Kosvinski Mountain, Kosvinsky Rock or Rostesnoy Rock (Russian: Косвинский камень, Косьвинский камень, Ростесной камень) is a mountain in the northern Urals, Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia.	Kosvinsky Kamen	Russia
country	The Spanjaardenkasteel (``Spaniards' Castle'') was a castle in the city of Ghent in present-day Belgium.	Spanjaardenkasteel	Belgium
country	Mątowy Wielkie (mɔnˈtɔvɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (formerly German Groß Montau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłoradz, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mątowy Wielkie	Poland
country	Kavalam is a village in Kuttanadu, Kerala state, India.	Kavalam	India
country	Pä Qullu (Aymara pä two (ä stands for a long a), qullu mountain, ``two mountains'', also spelled Pacollo) is a mountain in the north of the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Pä Qullu	Peru
country	The Greater São Paulo (Portuguese: Grande São Paulo) is a nonspecific term for one of the multiple definitions the large metropolitan area located in the São Paulo state in Brazil.	Greater São Paulo	Brazil
country	The 1861 Wheeling Convention was a series of two meetings called to repeal an Ordinance of Secession from the United States of America that had been approved throughout Virginia in a referendum.	Wheeling Convention	United States of America
country	Bošamarin (pronounced (bɔʃamaˈɾiːn); Italian: Bossamarin) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Bošamarin	Slovenia
country	The Gulf of Carpentaria (14°S 139°E) is a large, shallow sea enclosed on three sides by northern Australia and bounded on the north by the Arafura Sea (the body of water that lies between Australia and New Guinea).	Gulf of Carpentaria	Australia
country	Kajaani (Swedish: Kajana) is a town and municipality in Finland.	Kajaani	Finland
country	Morne du Cibao is the third highest mountain in Haiti, after Pic la Selle and Pic Macaya.	Morne du Cibao	Haiti
country	The National Development Complex (N.D.C.), is an aerospace and defense agency of the Ministry of Defence of Government of Pakistan, located in Fateh Jang, Punjab Province of Pakistan.	National Development Complex	Pakistan
country	Salina Veche is an old salt mine, located in Slănic, Prahova County, Romania, just 100 km north of Bucharest.	Salina Veche	Romania
country	Sadalga (or Sadalaga) is a town in Chikodi taluka of Belgaum district, Karnataka, India.	Sadalga	India
country	Humansdorp is a small town and surrounding district in the Eastern Cape of South Africa, with a population of around 29,000 during the census of 2011.	Humansdorp	South Africa
country	Zlatibor (Serbian Cyrillic: Златибoр pronounced (zlǎtibɔːr)) is a mountainous region situated in the western part of Serbia.	Zlatibor	Serbia
country	Kiel Airport (German: Flughafen Kiel, IATA: KEL, ICAO: EDHK) is a small regional airport in Kiel, Germany.	Kiel Airport	Germany
country	Khan Jamal-e Panahi (Persian: خانجمال پناهي‎, also Romanized as Khān Jamāl-e Panāhī and Khānjamāl-e Panāhī) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khan Jamal-e Panahi	Iran
country	Mottarone is a mountain in the Western Alps of north-western Italy, with an elevation of 1,492 m.	Mottarone	Italy
country	Apoquindo (Runasimi Apuk-kintu flowers for the deity) is the name of a river and pre-Columbian settlement located east of the city of Santiago de Chile, at the foot of the foothills, in the present town of Las Condes.	Apoquindo	Chile
country	Sbercard (Russian: Сберкарта), is the interbank network in Russia.	Sbercard	Russia
country	The island was governed by the semi-autonomous Principality of Samos under Ottoman suzerainty from 1835 until it joined Greece in 1912.	Samos	Greece
country	Museum of the History of Riga and Navigation (Latvian: Rīgas vēstures un kuģniecības muzejs) is housed by the Riga Dom Cathedral ensemble in the heart of the Old Riga, Latvia.	Museum of the History of Riga and Navigation	Latvia
country	Naval museum complex Balaklava (Ukrainian: Морський музейний комплекс ``Балаклава'') is an underground submarine base in Balaklava, Crimea, Russia/Ukraine (originally known as Object 825 GTS).	Naval museum complex Balaklava	Ukraine
country	Alling Abbey was one of the last Benedictine monasteries to be built in Denmark.	Alling Abbey	Denmark
country	Jelenča (Serbian Cyrillic: Јеленча) is one of the boroughs of Šabac City in the Mačva District of Serbia.	Jelenča	Serbia
country	Nordkinnhalvøya (English: Nordkinn Peninsula; Northern Sami: Čorgašnjárga) is a peninsula in Finnmark county, Norway.	Nordkinnhalvøya	Norway
country	Geghamabak (Armenian: Գեղամաբակ; formerly, Kayabash, Ghayabagh, and Quşabulaq) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Geghamabak	Armenia
country	The Pukaskwa River is a river in Thunder Bay District and Algoma District in Northern Ontario, Canada.	Pukaskwa River	Canada
country	Chittagong College (Bengali: চট্টগ্রাম কলেজ ) is a government college in Chittagong, Bangladesh.	Chittagong College	Bangladesh
country	The Rax-Schneeberg Group (German: Rax-Schneeberg-Gruppe) is a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps on the Styrian-Lower Austrian border in Austria.	Rax-Schneeberg Group	Austria
country	Üllő is a town in Pest county, Hungary.	Üllő	Hungary
country	Laguna del Inca (Spanish pronunciation: (laˈɣuna ðel ˈiŋka)) is a lake in Valparaíso Region, Chile, close to the border with Argentina.	Laguna del Inca	Chile
country	Lab Feravan (Persian: لب فراوان‎, also Romanized as Lab Ferāvān; also known as ``Alīābād) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 916, in 175 families.	Lab Feravan	Iran
country	Podjelje (pronounced (pɔdˈjeːljɛ)) is a high-elevation settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podjelje	Slovenia
country	Valle del Risco Corregimiento, is a group of small rural communities in the Bocas del Toro Province of Panama.	Valle del Risco	Panama
country	Kozielno (kɔˈʑelnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Kozielno	Poland
country	Jurerê is a beach-side neighbourhood on the northern shore of the island of Florianópolis in Santa Catarina, Brazil.	Jurerê	Brazil
country	Kourtesi (Greek: Κουρτέσι) is a village and a community in the southwestern part of the municipal unit of Vouprasia, Elis, Greece.	Kourtesi	Greece
country	The Tumusla River is a river of Bolivia in the Potosí Department (Antonio Quijarro Province, Nor Chichas Province) as well as in the Chuquisaca Department (Nor Cinti Province and Sud Cinti Province).	Tumusla River	Bolivia
country	Kotłów (ˈkɔtwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikstat, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kotłów	Poland
country	The Maoke Mountains is a mountain range in the province of Papua, Indonesia.	Maoke Mountains	Indonesia
country	Hodoš (pronounced (ˈxoːdɔʃ); Hungarian: Hodos or Őrihodos, German: Hodosch) is a town in Slovenia.	Hodoš	Slovenia
country	Tramezaïgues (official name) or Tramezaygues (local name) is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department, in the Midi-Pyrénées region of France.	Tramezaïgues	France
country	Əsgərxanlı is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əsgərxanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Castellammare di Stabia (kaˌstɛllamˈmaːre di ˈstaːbja) (Neapolitan: Castiellammare 'e Stabia) is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples, Campania region, in Italy.	Castellammare di Stabia	Italy
country	Poyan Reservoir (Chinese: 波扬蓄水池) is one of the four reservoirs located in the Western Water Catchment of Singapore.	Poyan Reservoir	Singapore
country	After the downfall of the Imperial power in Central Germany in favour of the Saxon House of Wettin following the 1307 Battle of Lucka, the road lost its royal status and from the 14th century this route could no longer really be spoken of as a ``Via Regia''.	Via Regia	Germany
country	The Minden Aqueduct (German: Wasserstraßenkreuz Minden) is an aqueduct near Minden, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Minden Aqueduct	Germany
country	The 2007 UCI BMX World Championships took place in Victoria, British Columbia in Canada and crowned world champions in the cycling discipline of BMX.	2007 UCI BMX World Championships	Canada
country	Naples (/ˈneɪpəlz/; Italian: Napoli (ˈnaːpoli), Neapolitan: Napule (ˈnɑːpulə); Latin: Neapolis; Ancient Greek: Νεάπολις, meaning ``new city'') is the capital of the Italian region Campania and the third-largest municipality in Italy, after Rome and Milan.	Naples	Italy
country	RCAF Station Lachine was a Royal Canadian Air Force station located near Lachine and Dorval, Quebec, Canada, to the west of Montreal.	RCAF Station Lachine	Canada
country	Godziesze Wielkie (ɡɔˈd͡ʑɛʂɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Godziesze Wielkie	Poland
country	Khanapara (Assamese: খানাপাৰা) is a locality in Guwahati, Assam, India.	Khanapara	India
country	Poyakonda (Russian: Пояконда) is the rural locality (an inhabited locality) in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 6 meters (20 ft) above sea level.	Poyakonda	Russia
country	Gehrlicher Solar AG has currently 430 employees at two sites in Germany --	Gehrlicher Solar	Germany
country	Chowra is an island in the Andaman and Nicobar islands group of India.	Chowra	India
country	RAAF Base Townsville was first established in the late 1930s for civil aviation, and was then further developed as part of Australia's military preparations for the coming war.	RAAF Base Townsville	Australia
country	Rosebud Primary School is a primary school in Rosebud, Victoria, Australia, established in 2014.	Rosebud Primary School	Australia
country	Badplaas, also known as eManzana, is a small town on the R38 road in eastern Mpumalanga, South Africa.	Badplaas	South Africa
country	Valtūnai is a village in Lithuania, Ukmergė district municipality, on the right bank of the Siesartis River.	Valtūnai	Lithuania
country	Loy Kandahar (Pashto: لوي کندهار‎, lit. ``Great Kandahar'') is a historical and cultural region of Afghanistan, comprising the modern Afghan provinces of Kandahar, Helmand, Urozgan, Farah, Zabul and Quetta.	Loy Kandahar	Afghanistan
country	International School Groningen (ISG) is an international school in Groningen, in the north of the Netherlands.	International School Groningen	Netherlands
country	KSK Kommando Spezialkräfte (Special Forces Command, KSK) is an elite special forces military unit composed of special operations soldiers handpicked from the ranks of Germany's Bundeswehr and organized under the Rapid Forces Division.	Kommando Spezialkräfte	Germany
country	Volčkova Vas (pronounced (ʋɔu̯tʃˈkɔːʋa ˈʋaːs) or (ʋɔu̯tʃˈkoːʋa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Volčkova vas, German: Wolfsdorf) is a small settlement in the foothills of the Žumberak/Gorjanci range, southeast of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Volčkova Vas	Slovenia
country	The Gare d'Ermont-Halte (Ermont-Halte station) is a railway station located in the commune of Ermont (Val-d'Oise department), France.	Gare d'Ermont-Halte	France
country	Fatehganj Purvi (or Fatehganj East) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Bareilly district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Fatehganj Purvi	India
country	The Siege of Calais (1940) was a battle for the port and town of Calais during the Battle of France in 1940.	Siege of Calais (1940)	France
country	Bani Tak (Persian: بني تاك‎, also Romanized as Banī Tāk and Bonī Tāk; also known as Binitak, Mentūq, Mintug, and Mintugi) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bani Tak	Iran
country	Baghran is a village and the district center of Baghran District in Helmand province, Afghanistan.	Baghran	Afghanistan
country	The Devil's Nest (Pirunpesä) is an eroded cavity located in the village Ylivalli in the municipality Jalasjärvi in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland.	The Devil's Nest	Finland
country	The Tour des Canadiens is a condominium skyscraper complex under construction in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Tour des Canadiens	Canada
country	Campen Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in the village Campen, by the Ems estuary, northwest of Emden, in the East Frisia region, state of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Campen Lighthouse	Germany
country	Camberwell Town Hall is located, on Camberwell Road, Camberwell, an inner eastern suburb of Melbourne, Australia.	Camberwell Town Hall	Australia
country	King Fahd Security College is an educational/military institute part of the Saudi Ministry of Interior, College is located in eastern Riyadh,the capital of Saudi Arabia The faculty of educate and train students about the hardships of life and security to protect the security and stability of the country Admission requirements:	King Fahd Security College	Saudi Arabia
country	The Sabugi River is a river of Paraíba and Rio Grande do Norte states in northeastern Brazil.	Sabugi River	Brazil
country	Bąkowa Góra (bɔŋˈkɔva ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ręczno, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bąkowa Góra	Poland
country	Aqda District (Persian: بخش عقدا‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Aqda District	Iran
country	Ko Adang (Thai: เกาะอาดัง) is the second biggest island within Tarutao National Marine Park, in Thailand, very close to Ko Lipe island.	Ko Adang	Thailand
country	Nisatta (Pushto: نسته) is a town and union council of Charsadda District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Nisatta	Pakistan
country	Caspian Port (Persian: بندر کاسپین‎) is a seaport located in Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Caspian Port	Iran
country	Felestad Church (Swedish: Felestads kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in the outskirts of Svalöv in the province of Scania, Sweden.	Felestad Church	Sweden
country	Yamoussoukro (/ˌjæmʊˈsuːkroʊ/) is the political capital and administrative capital city of Ivory Coast and an autonomous district of the country.	Yamoussoukro	Ivory Coast
country	Zwierzyniec (zvjɛˈʐɨɲɛt͡s) is a town on the Wieprz river in the Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, Poland.	Zwierzyniec	Poland
country	Neerlonakto Island (alternate: Nerdlernartoq, or Nirlirnaqtuuq) is an irregularly shaped, extremely flat, uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Neerlonakto Island	Canada
country	Kuyoh River (Malay: Sungai Kuyoh) is the river in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Kuyoh River	Malaysia
country	Češča Vas (pronounced (ˈtʃeːʃtʃa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Češča vas) is a settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Češča Vas	Slovenia
country	Siodłonie (ɕɔdˈwɔɲe) (German: Zedlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Siodłonie	Poland
country	Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences (AJUMS) is a medical school in Khuzestan Province of Iran.	Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences	Iran
country	Fort Conger is a former settlement, military fortification, and scientific research post in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.	Fort Conger	Canada
country	Rajewo (raˈjɛvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zabór, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Rajewo	Poland
country	Sinnamp'o Station is a freight-only railway station in Namp'o Special City, North Korea, on the P'yŏngnam Line of the Korean State Railway; it is also the point where the Onch'ŏn Branch to P'yŏngnam Onch'ŏn diverges from the mainline.	Sinnamp'o Station	North Korea
country	Đeđevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђеђево) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Đeđevo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	RAAF Base Williamtown (IATA: NTL, ICAO: YWLM) is a Royal Australian Air Force base and headquarters to Australia's Air Combat Group.	RAAF Base Williamtown	Australia
country	Antipaxos (Greek: Αντίπαξος, pronounced (ɐnˈdipɐksos)) is a small island (5 km²) in Greece, about 3 kilometres (2 miles) to the south of Paxos.	Antipaxos	Greece
country	Mhow, officially known as Dr Ambedkar Nagar is a cantonment in the Indore District in Madhya Pradesh state of India.	Mhow	India
country	Phú Phong is a town (thị trấn) in south central Vietnam.	Phú Phong	Vietnam
country	Deh Nowmir (Persian: دهنومير‎, also Romanized as Deh Nowmīr and Deh Now-e Mīr) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Deh Nowmir	Iran
country	Adi Tekelezan (in Tigrinya, Ad Tekelezan in Tigre and Arabic) is a small town in the Hamasien region of Eritrea.	Adi Tekelezan	Eritrea
country	Alblasserdam (Dutch: (ɑlˌblɑsərˈdɑm)) is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Alblasserdam	Netherlands
country	Port Navas Creek (Cornish: Pol Chi Elow, meaning creek of the house of elm trees), or Porthnavas Creek, is one of seven creeks off the Helford River in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Port Navas Creek	United Kingdom
country	San Miguel Bay is a large bay in the Bicol Peninsula of Luzon island in the Philippines.	San Miguel Bay	Philippines
country	The Radomiro Tomic mine is open pit mine that extracts oxide minerals at 3,000 meters (9,800 ft) above sea level in the Andes mountains near to Chuquicamata mine and Calama in northern Chile's Antofagasta Region.	Radomiro Tomic mine	Chile
country	The Saronic Gulf (Greek: Σαρωνικός κόλπος, Saronikós kólpos) or Gulf of Aegina in Greece forms part of the Aegean Sea and defines the eastern side of the isthmus of Corinth.	Saronic Gulf	Greece
country	Lusciano is a comune in the province of Caserta in Campania, Italy.	Lusciano	Italy
country	Pondok Indah Mall (PIM; Indonesian: Mal Pondok Indah) is a large shopping complex located in wealthy Pondok Indah suburb of South Jakarta, Indonesia.	Pondok Indah Mall	Indonesia
country	The Aluminé River is a geographical feature of Neuquén Province, Argentina.	Aluminé River	Argentina
country	The Cervantes Islands are a small group of islands in Western Australia, found to the south west of Cervantes.	Cervantes Islands	Australia
country	Kać (Serbian Cyrillic: Каћ) is a town located in the Novi Sad municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.	Kać	Serbia
country	Humahuaca (Spanish pronunciation: (umaˈwaka)) is a city in the province of Jujuy, Argentina.	Humahuaca	Argentina
country	Dol pri Ljubljani (pronounced (ˈdoːl pɾi ljuˈbljaːni); German: Lusttal) is a settlement in central Slovenia.	Dol pri Ljubljani	Slovenia
country	Astrakhan Kremlin (Russian: Астраханский кремль) is a fortress in Astrakhan, Russia.	Astrakhan Kremlin	Russia
country	The Collegium Witkowski (Witkowski College), in Kraków, Poland, is a Jagiellonian University building erected in 1908-11.	Collegium Witkowski	Poland
country	Queen Adelaide Archipelago (Spanish: Archipiélago Reina Adelaida) is an island group in Zona Austral, the extreme south of Chile.	Queen Adelaide Archipelago	Chile
country	Elshitsa (Bulgarian: Елшица) is a village in the Panagyurishte municipality, western Bulgaria with 970 inhabitants.	Elshitsa	Bulgaria
country	Hafshejan (Persian: هفشجان‎‎, also Romanized as Hafshejān and Hafeshjān; also known as Hosheh Gūn, Hushegūn, and Jasteh Jūn) is a city in the Central District of Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Hafshejan	Iran
country	ÍB Akureyri (lang: Íþróttabandalag Akureyri, abbreviated: ÍBA) is a football club based in Akureyri in the north of Iceland.	ÍB Akureyri	Iceland
country	Brajčino (Macedonian: Брајчино, (ˈbrajtʃinɔ)) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia, situated 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from Lake Prespa, on Baba Mountain in Pelister National Park.	Brajčino	Macedonia
country	Abnama (Persian: ابنما‎, also Romanized as Ābnamā) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Abnama	Iran
country	Angiar (Persian: انگ يار‎, also Romanized as Angīār) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Angiar	Iran
country	Oslo and Akershus University College (Norwegian: Høgskolen i Oslo og Akershus, abbr. HiOA) is the largest state university college in Norway, with more than 16,000 students and 1,700 employees.	Oslo and Akershus University College	Norway
country	Vršački Ritovi (Serbian Cyrillic: Вршачки Ритови) is a village located in Serbia at 45° 9' 38`` North, 21° 10' 19'' East.	Vršački Ritovi	Serbia
country	Hesar-e Garmkhan (Persian: حصارگرمخان‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Garmkhān; also known as Ḩeşār and Heşār) is a city in Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Garmkhan	Iran
country	The Port of Yangjiang is a natural estuary port on the coast of the city of Yangjiang, Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China.	Port of Yangjiang	People's Republic of China
country	MARTa Herford is a contemporary art museum in Herford, Germany.	MARTa Herford	Germany
country	Cooch Behar Airport (IATA: COH, ICAO: VECO) is located at Cooch Behar, West Bengal, India and serves the greater Assam-Bengal border area.	Cooch Behar Airport	India
country	Sarang Buaya or Kampung Sarang Buaya is a tourist village in Johor, Malaysia.	Sarang Buaya	Malaysia
country	Dondukovo is a village in Brusartsi Municipality, Montana Province, north-western Bulgaria.	Dondukovo	Bulgaria
country	Kampinos National Park (Polish: Kampinoski Park Narodowy) is a National Park in east-central Poland, in Masovian Voivodeship, on the north-west outskirts of Warsaw.	Kampinos National Park	Poland
country	Sokołów Małopolski (sɔˈkɔwuf mawɔˈpɔlskʲi) is a town in Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland, with a population of 3,962 (02.06.2009).	Sokołów Małopolski	Poland
country	In Canada, an Indian reserve is specified by the Indian Act as a ``tract of land, the legal title to which is vested in Her Majesty, that has been set apart by Her Majesty for the use and benefit of a band.	Indian reserve	Canada
country	The Universidad Nacional Pedro Henríquez Ureña (also called UNPHU) is a private, coeducational, university in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Universidad Nacional Pedro Henríquez Ureña	Dominican Republic
country	Šentpavel (pronounced (ʃɛntˈpaːʋəl) or (ʃəntˈpaːʋəl); in older sources Sveti Paul or Šent Pavel, German: Sankt Paul) is a settlement in the hills southeast of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Šentpavel	Slovenia
country	Cabo Verde Express is a Cape Verdean charter airline operating regional services between the islands in Cape Verde and from Cape Verde to the African continent.	Cabo Verde Express	Cape Verde
country	Mount Data is a mountain located in the Cordillera Central mountain range rising to a height of 2,310 meters (7,578 feet) in the north of Luzon Island, Philippines.	Mount Data	Philippines
country	Dexit is a rechargeable, contactless, stored-value smart key tag used for electronic payment in on-line or off-line systems in Toronto, Canada, since 2003.	Dexit	Canada
country	Jabučje (Serbian: Јабучје) is a village in Valjevo municipality Lajkovac city district in the Šumadija District of central Serbia.	Jabučje	Serbia
country	Bitterfontein is a village in the Knersvlakte, the northernmost area of the Western Cape province of South Africa, 320 kilometres (200 mi) north of Cape Town.	Bitterfontein	South Africa
country	Belluno Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Belluno, Basilica cattedrale di San Martino) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the historic centre of the city of Belluno, Veneto, Italy, dedicated to Saint Martin.	Belluno Cathedral	Italy
country	After the Liberation of Bulgaria from Ottoman rule in 1878, Nesebar became part of the autonomous Ottoman province of Eastern Rumelia in Burgaz department until it united with the Principality of Bulgaria in 1885.	Nesebar	Bulgaria
country	Stangvik Church (Norwegian: Stangvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Stangvik Church	Norway
country	Umm Qasr Port is Iraq's only deep water port, part of the city of Umm Qasr.	Umm Qasr Port	Iraq
country	Igreja Matriz da Golegã is a church in the town Golegã, Portugal.	Igreja Matriz da Golegã	Portugal
country	The Nankana massacre (or Saka Nankana) took place in Nankana Sahib at that time of British India, modern-day Pakistan.	Nankana massacre	Pakistan
country	Bursa Anadolu Lisesi (BAL) (Bursa Anatolian High School) is a public boarding secondary school in Bursa, Turkey.	Bursa Anadolu Lisesi	Turkey
country	San Roque González de Santa Cruz is a distrito in the Paraguarí Department of Paraguay, it is located 97 km from Asunción, the capital of the country.	San Roque González de Santa Cruz	Paraguay
country	Catumbela Airport (IATA: CBT, ICAO: FNCT) is an airport in Catumbela, a city in the Benguela province in Angola.	Catumbela Airport	Angola
country	Ścinawka Dolna (ɕt͡ɕiˈnafka ˈdɔlna) (German: Niedersteine) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ścinawka Dolna	Poland
country	Ed Dueim (Arabic الدويم, also Romanized as ad-Duwaym, Ad Douiem, Al Dewaym, Dewaim etc.) is one of the largest cities along the White Nile in Sudan.	Ed Dueim	Sudan
country	Lygkos (Greek: Λύγκος), also transliterated as Lyngos or Lygos, is a remote mountain range in the eastern Ioannina and the western Grevena regional unit in northwestern Greece.	Lygkos	Greece
country	Mastekranen (English: The Masting Crane) is an 18th-century masting sheer and present landmark on Holmen in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Mastekranen	Denmark
country	Mitzpe Ilan (Hebrew: מצפה אילן‎) is a religious community settlement in northern Israel.	Mitzpe Ilan	Israel
country	Reiårsfossen is an over 200 meter high waterfall in Norway, located at the Norwegian National Road 9 just south of Ose, Bygland municipality, Setesdal.	Reiårsfossen	Norway
country	The SM Kirov Stadium was a multi-purpose stadium in St. Petersburg, Russia, and was one of the largest stadiums anywhere in the world.	Kirov Stadium	Russia
country	The Leipzig Zoological Garden, or the Leipzig Zoo, was opened in Leipzig, Germany on June 9, 1878.	Leipzig Zoological Garden	Germany
country	Ajjowal is a small village of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Ajjowal	Pakistan
country	The Westpoint Performing Arts Centre is a venue located in Point Chevalier, Auckland, New Zealand used for theatrical performances and rehearsals.	Westpoint Performing Arts Centre	New Zealand
country	Khursand (Persian: خورسند‎, also Romanized as Khūrsand; also known as Khorsand) is a city in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khursand	Iran
country	Bat Galim (Hebrew: בת גלים‎, lit. Daughter of the Waves) is a neighborhood of Haifa, Israel, located at the foot of Mt.	Bat Galim	Israel
country	The Noeick River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing west out of the northernmost Pacific Ranges to enter saltwater on the east side of South Bentinck Arm, immediately to the north of the mouth of the Taleomey River at Taleomey Narrows.	Noeick River	Canada
country	Gultosh used to be an all-Jewish village located near the city of Gondar, in Ethiopia.	Gultosh	Ethiopia
country	Praia da Granja is a FEE Blue Flag beach located in the Northwest of Portugal, and belongs to the Vila Nova de Gaia municipality, Porto District.	Praia da Granja	Portugal
country	Sandra Kynes lived in Tingrith during her time in the United Kingdom.	Tingrith	United Kingdom
country	The Tibet Autonomous Region (TAR) or Xizang Autonomous Region, called Tibet or Xizang (Tibetan: བོད་; Chinese: 西藏; pinyin: Xīzàng) for short, is a province-level autonomous region of the People's Republic of China (PRC).	Tibet Autonomous Region	People's Republic of China
country	In 1991 Croatia gained independence and made the Brijuni Islands an International Conference Center (see Brijuni Agreement).	Brijuni	Croatia
country	Ablaghabad (Persian: ابلغ اباد‎, also Romanized as Ablaghābād; also known as Ablaqābād) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ablaghabad	Iran
country	Oslo Bus Terminal (Norwegian: Oslo bussterminal) is the main bus station serving Oslo, Norway.	Oslo Bus Terminal	Norway
country	Tolombeh-ye Seh Mohammad Khan (Persian: تلمبه سه محمدخان‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Seh Moḩammad Khān; also known as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad Khān) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Seh Mohammad Khan	Iran
country	The Gunnerus Library in Trondheim is the oldest scientific library in Norway and dates back to 1768 when it was the library of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters (DKNVS).	Gunnerus Library	Norway
country	Phantasialand is a theme park in Brühl, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany that attracts approximately 1.75 million visitors annually.	Phantasialand	Germany
country	The Forest of Halatte (Forêt d'Halatte) in Picardy is one of the largest remaining blocks of natural old growth forest in France.	Forest of Halatte	France
country	Équipe Autonomiste (Autonomist Team) is a provincial political party in Quebec, Canada.	Équipe Autonomiste	Canada
country	Yimyu is one of the 15 wards that make up Mokokchung town in India.	Yimyu	India
country	Headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, Multimatic has manufacturing divisions and engineering facilities in North America, Europe, and Asia, and alliance partnerships worldwide.	Multimatic	Canada
country	Zagadrav (Persian: زگدراو‎, also Romanized as Zagadrāv) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zagadrav	Iran
country	Huch'uy Puka Q'asa (Quechua huch'uy little, puka red, q'asa mountain pass, ``little red pass'', also spelled Uchuy Pucaccasa) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,400 metres (14,436 ft) high.	Huch'uy Puka Q'asa	Peru
country	Bukuzindu Hybrid Solar and Thermal Power Station is a 1.6MW hybrid solar and diesel fuel-fired thermal power plant in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	Bukuzindu Hybrid Solar and Thermal Power Station	Uganda
country	Tuatapere is a small rural town in Southland, New Zealand.	Tuatapere	New Zealand
country	Erbogachen Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Ербогачён) (IATA: ERG, ICAO: UIKE) is an airport in Russia located 1 km east of Erbogachen.	Erbogachen Airport	Russia
country	Eimsheim is a winegrowing Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Mainz-Bingen district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Eimsheim	Germany
country	Nevanka (Russian: Неванка) is a village in Chunsky District of Irkutsk Oblast, Russia.	Nevanka	Russia
country	Henj (Persian: هنج‎) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Henj	Iran
country	The Danube Palace (Hungarian: Duna Palota) is a Neo-Baroque concert hall located at the Inner City of Budapest, Hungary.	Danube Palace	Hungary
country	The Valle dei Templi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈvalle dei ˈtɛmpli; ˈtempli); English: Valley of the Temples; Sicilian: Vaddi di li Tempri) is an archaeological site in Agrigento (ancient Greek Akragas), Sicily, southern Italy.	Valle dei Templi	Italy
country	Peniki (Russian: Пе́ники; Finnish: Penikkala) is a rural locality (a village) in Lomonosovsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia.	Peniki	Russia
country	Talparo is a rural community in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.	Talparo	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Mana College is a decile two secondary school in Porirua, Wellington, New Zealand.	Mana College	New Zealand
country	Katastari (Greek: Καταστάρι) is a village and a community in the Alykes municipal unit of the island Zakynthos, Greece.	Katastari	Greece
country	Götgatan passes spacious Citizen Square (Medborgarplatsen) and one of Stockholm's first skyscrapers popularly called ``Skatteskrapan'' (the Tax Scraper) because until recently it housed Sweden's tax authority.	Götgatan	Sweden
country	San Pietro di Sorres is a former cathedral church (Sorres Cathedral), now a Benedictine monastery, in Borutta, a village in the province of Sassari, northern Sardinia, Italy.	San Pietro di Sorres	Italy
country	Dubai Media City (DMC), part of Dubai Holding, is a tax-free zone within Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dubai Media City	United Arab Emirates
country	Cestyll Garden is a secluded garden with picturesque sea views near Cemaes on the north west coast of the island of Anglesey in North Wales, United Kingdom.	Cestyll Garden	United Kingdom
country	Shenoy Nagar (Tamil: ஷெனாய் நகர்) is a neighbourhood in Chennai, India.	Shenoy Nagar	India
country	Taralga is a small village in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia in Upper Lachlan Shire.	Taralga	Australia
country	Lake Talon is a lake in Nipissing District, Ontario, Canada that is part of the Mattawa River system and the Ottawa River drainage basin.	Lake Talon	Canada
country	Würde/Salza is a former Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (``collective municipality'') in the Saalekreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Würde/Salza	Germany
country	The Gulf of Tomini (Indonesian: Teluk Tomini), also known as the Bay of Tomini, is the equatorial gulf which separates the Minahassa (Northern) and East Peninsulas of the island of Sulawesi (Celebes) in Indonesia.	Gulf of Tomini	Indonesia
country	Moknine (المكنين) is a town and commune in the Monastir Governorate, Tunisia.	Moknine	Tunisia
country	Lončari is a town in Bosnia-Herzegovina, located just west of Brčko.	Lončari	Bosnia-Herzegovina
country	Per Capita is recognised as a leading think tank of the centre-left in Australia, with a more centrist orientation than counterparts such as the Australia Institute and the Centre for Policy Development.	Per Capita	Australia
country	Turangi is a small town on the west bank of the Tongariro River, 50 kilometres south-west of Taupo on the North Island Volcanic Plateau of New Zealand.	Turangi	New Zealand
country	Jabłoń-Dobki (ˈjabwɔɲ ˈdɔpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jabłoń-Dobki	Poland
country	Odžak is a town in the northern part of Bosnia and Herzegovina, located near the river Sava, 10 km (6.2 mi) from the border with Croatia.	Odžak	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Amsterdam-Oost is a borough of Amsterdam, Netherlands, established in May 2010 after a merger of the former boroughs of Zeeburg and Oost-Watergraafsmeer.	Amsterdam-Oost	Netherlands
country	Nineveh (/ˈnɪnɪvə/ or /ˈnɪnəvə/; Akkadian: Ninua) was an ancient Assyrian city of Upper Mesopotamia, located in modern-day northern Iraq; it is on the eastern bank of the Tigris River, and was the capital of the Neo-Assyrian Empire.	Nineveh	Iraq
country	The 2000 German Grand Prix (formally the LXII Großer Mobil 1 Preis von Deutschland) was a Formula One motor race held on 30 July 2000 at the Hockenheimring near Hockenheim, Germany.	2000 German Grand Prix	Germany
country	Armeško (pronounced (aɾˈmeːʃkɔ)) is a settlement north of Brestanica in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Armeško	Slovenia
country	Andhra Jateva Kalashala Ground was a cricket ground in Machilipatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Andhra Jateva Kalashala Ground	India
country	Club Estudiantes de Bahía Blanca, currently known as Bahía Basket, is a sports club based in Bahía Blanca, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Estudiantes de Bahía Blanca	Argentina
country	Tabulam is a rural village in the far north-east of New South Wales, Australia, 800 kilometres from the state capital, Sydney.	Tabulam	Australia
country	Bogacko (bɔˈɡat͡skɔ) (German: Bogatzko: 1938-45: Rainfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bogacko	Poland
country	Varrelbusch Airport (IATA: VAC, ICAO: EDWU) is a regional airport in Germany.	Varrelbusch Airport	Germany
country	Pollusca was a town in ancient times in the territory of the Volsci in central Italy.	Pollusca	Italy
country	Agounit (also transliterated Aghounit, Aghoueinit, Agueinit, Agwenit, Agwanit, Agüenit, Aguanit; Arabic: أغوانيت) is a small town or village in the Río de Oro area of Western Sahara.	Agounit	Western Sahara
country	Landol (pronounced (lanˈdou̯ː); Italian: Landolo) is a village in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Landol	Slovenia
country	The Westminster Foundation for Democracy (WFD) is a United Kingdom non-departmental public body set up to promote democratic institutions overseas.	Westminster Foundation for Democracy	United Kingdom
country	Përlepnicë Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Përlepnicës, Serbian: Језеро Прилепница) is a small lake situated in western Kosovo, surrounded by the Goljak mountains.	Përlepnicë Lake	Kosovo
country	Donetsk Oblast (Ukrainian: Доне́цька о́бласть, Donets'ka oblast'; also referred to as Donechchyna -- Ukrainian: Донеччина Donechchyna; Russian: Доне́цкая о́бласть, Donetskaya oblast (dɐˈnʲɛtskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ)) is an oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine.	Donetsk Oblast	Ukraine
country	Midelt (Berber: ⴰⵡⵟⴰⵟ) (Arabic: ميدلت‎) is a town in central Morocco, in the high plains between the Middle Atlas and High Atlas mountain ranges.	Midelt	Morocco
country	Ssangbongsa, or Ssangbong Temple, is part of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism located in rural Jeung Village, Iyang Township, Hwasun County, South Jeolla Province, South Korea.	Ssangbongsa	South Korea
country	Manganui Ski Area, located in Taranaki, in New Zealand's North Island is a club skifield.	Manganui	New Zealand
country	Lunglei (Pron:/ˈlʊŋˌleɪ/) is a town, situated in the south-central part of Mizoram state, northeastern India.	Lunglei	India
country	Braçanj is a small village located in the Korçë County, Albania.	Braçanj	Albania
country	Dolný Lopašov is a village and municipality in Piešťany District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.	Dolný Lopašov	Slovakia
country	The German Solar Mobility Association / German Bundesverband Solare Mobilität (Federal Association Solar Mobility) is an interest group in Germany to further electric mobility in combination of regenerative resources for the required electricity.	German Solar Mobility Association	Germany
country	Barcelonès (Catalan pronunciation: (bərsəɫuˈnɛs)) is the most economically important comarca (county) of Catalonia, Spain.	Barcelonès	Spain
country	The Hispar River forms from the melt water of the Hispar Glacier - a 49 kilometer-long glacier in the Karakoram mountains of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Hispar River	Pakistan
country	Punta Ninfas (Spanish, ``Nymphs Point'') is found in Chubut Province, Patagonia, Argentina.	Punta Ninfas	Argentina
country	Probiy (Ukrainian: Пробій; also called, Yareche) is a waterfall on the Prut River, in Yaremche City, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine.	Probiy	Ukraine
country	Zgornja Kungota (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈkuːŋɡɔta)) is a village and the seat of the Municipality of Kungota in the western part of the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in northeastern Slovenia.	Zgornja Kungota	Slovenia
country	The Sanctuary of Agios Lot is located to the southeast of the Dead Sea overlooking the modern town of Safi in Jordan.	Sanctuary of Agios Lot	Jordan
country	Tomb-e Sat (Persian: تمب ساط‎, also Romanized as Tomb-e Sāṭ; also known as Tomb Basāt, Tonb Basāt, and Towm-e Basāt) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tomb-e Sat	Iran
country	Copterline Oy was Finland's largest helicopter airline.	Copterline Oy	Finland
country	Khazai-ye Sofla (Persian: خزائي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Khazā’ī-ye Soflá) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khazai-ye Sofla	Iran
country	The 1929 Kopet Dag earthquake (also called the 1929 Koppeh Dagh earthquake) took place at 15:37 UTC on 1 May in the Kopet Dag region of Iran.	1929 Kopet Dag earthquake	Iran
country	Zurak (Persian: زورك‎, also Romanized as Zūrak and Zoorak; also known as Zang and Zonk) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zurak	Iran
country	Yalingimba Airport (ICAO: FZGI) is an airstrip serving the community of Yalingimba in Équateur Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Yalingimba Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Baie de la Seine or Baie de Seine (Bay of the Seine River) is a bay in northern France.	Baie de la Seine	France
country	Ambohimahamasina is a rural commune in the Ambalavao District in Haute Matsiatra Region in central Madagascar.	Ambohimahamasina	Madagascar
country	Tinian (/ˈtɪniən/ or /ˌtiːniˈɑːn/) is one of the three principal islands of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.	Tinian	Northern Mariana Islands
country	Níjar covers an area of 599.8 square kilometres, making it one of the largest municipalities of Spain.	Níjar	Spain
country	The oldest cantonment in India and the Police Training Academy in West Bengal are both located in Barrackpore.	Barrackpore	India
country	Brzeszcze (ˈbʐɛʂt͡ʂɛ) is a town in Oświęcim County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland, near Oświęcim.	Brzeszcze	Poland
country	Gložin (Cyrillic: Гложин) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gložin	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Gardab-e Do (Persian: گرداب دو‎, also Romanized as Gardāb-e Do) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gardab-e Do	Iran
country	Cullinane College is an integrated, Co-Educational Secondary school in Wanganui, New Zealand for students in Year 9 to Year 13.	Cullinane College	New Zealand
country	Lingya District (Chinese: 苓雅區; pinyin: Língyǎ Qū) is a district of Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Lingya District	Taiwan
country	Oslo Police Museum (Norwegian: Politimuseet i Oslo) is a Police Museum in Oslo, Norway.	Oslo Police Museum	Norway
country	Stortissvatnet or Stor-Tisvatnet (also Southern Sami: Vuallerenjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Stortissvatnet	Norway
country	The Molteno Formation is a palaeontological formation of the Stormberg Group, located in the main Karoo (Gondwana) Basin, South Africa.	Molteno Formation	South Africa
country	Žemaičių Kalvarija (Samogitian: Žemaitiu Kalvarėjė, English: Samogitian Calvary) is a small town in Plungė district municipality, Lithuania.	Žemaičių Kalvarija	Lithuania
country	Lake Hayes Estate (often shortened to LHE) is a suburb of Queenstown in the South Island of New Zealand.	Lake Hayes Estate	New Zealand
country	Valimitika (Greek: Βαλιμίτικα) is a village in the municipal unit of Aigio, Achaea, Greece.	Valimitika	Greece
country	A Peroxa is a municipality in the province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	A Peroxa	Spain
country	Stødle Church (Norwegian: Stødle kyrkje) is a parish church in Etne municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Stødle Church	Norway
country	Kabankalan City Domestic Airport (Filipino: Paliparang Domestiko ng Lungsod ng Kabankalan, Hiligaynon: Domestiko nga Hulugpaan sang Dakbanwa sang Kabankalan) is a new airport designed to serve the general area of Kabankalan, located in the province of Negros Occidental in the Philippines.	Kabankalan City Domestic Airport	Philippines
country	Dhoby Ghaut is a place in Singapore that often refers to the Dhoby Ghaut MRT Station, a major interchange station on the Mass Rapid Transit of Singapore.	Dhoby Ghaut	Singapore
country	Żegoty (ʐɛˈɡɔtɨ) (German: Siegfriedswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żegoty	Poland
country	The IJkdijk is a facility in the Netherlands to test dikes and to develop sensor network technologies for early warning systems.	IJkdijk	Netherlands
country	Mahakuta Pillar (Kannada: ಮಹಾಕೂಟ ಸ್ತಂಭ) in the town of Mahakuta in present-day Bagalkot district of India's Karnataka state is the source of an important Badami Chalukya inscription called Mahakuta pillar inscription ascribed to king Mangalesha, second son of Pulakeshin I. It is made of fine grained sandstone.	Mahakuta Pillar	India
country	Amaliegade is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark, which makes up the longer of the two axes on which the Rococo district Frederiksstaden is centred.	Amaliegade	Denmark
country	Beaulieu-en-Rouergue Abbey is a former Cistercian monastery in south-west France, founded in 1144.	Beaulieu-en-Rouergue Abbey	France
country	Owrjak (Persian: اورجك‎, also Romanized as Ūrjak) is a village in Oryad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Owrjak	Iran
country	Stetteldorf am Wagram is a town in the district of Korneuburg in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Stetteldorf am Wagram	Austria
country	Palazzo Braschi is a large Neoclassical palace in Rome, Italy and is located between the Piazza Navona, the Campo de' Fiori, the Corso Vittorio Emanuele II and the Piazza di Pasquino.	Palazzo Braschi	Italy
country	Foligno (foˈliɲɲo) is an ancient town of Italy in the province of Perugia in east central Umbria, on the Topino river where it leaves the Apennines and enters the wide plain of the Clitunno river system.	Foligno	Italy
country	Queilén is a town and commune in the Archipelago of Chiloé in southern Chile.	Queilén	Chile
country	Campidano (Sardinian: Campidànu) is a plain located in the south-western area of Sardinia, Italy, covering approximately 100 kilometres between Cagliari and Oristano.	Campidano	Italy
country	Nargili (Persian: نارگيلي‎, also Romanized as Nārgīlī) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Nargili	Iran
country	Bagh-e Hajji (Persian: باغ حاجي‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Ḩājjī and Bāgh Ḩājī) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Hajji	Iran
country	Špičnik (pronounced (ˈʃpiːtʃnik)) is a dispersed settlement in the western Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Kungota in northeastern Slovenia, next to the border with Austria.	Špičnik	Slovenia
country	Burgruine Dürnstein is a ruin of a castle in Lower Austria, Austria.	Burgruine Dürnstein	Austria
country	Branč is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Branč	Slovakia
country	Kelokedara (Greek: Κελοκέδαρα) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 6 km southwest of Salamiou.	Kelokedara	Cyprus
country	Garrudbar (Persian: گررودبار‎, also Romanized as Garrūdbār) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Garrudbar	Iran
country	Muziekgebouw aan 't IJ (English: ``Music Building on the IJ'') is a concert hall for contemporary classical music on the IJ in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Muziekgebouw aan 't IJ	Netherlands
country	Dunmore Pineapple is often considered one of the greatest follies in the United Kingdom, featuring on lists of the best follies from the news aggregator Huffington Post, environmental television series and magazine Countryfile and gardener-presenter Alan Titchmarsh.	Dunmore Pineapple	United Kingdom
country	The Australia's Future Tax System Review, informally known as the Henry Tax Review was commissioned by the Rudd Government in 2008 and published in 2010.	Henry Tax Review	Australia
country	Whilst initially this legality only entitled Cruz 101 to allow membership on the door, it ultimately set a precedent in allowing other night clubs in the United Kingdom to have this right.	Cruz 101	United Kingdom
country	Czajczyn (ˈt͡ʂai̯t͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Czajczyn	Poland
country	Jarandaq (Persian: جرندق‎; also known as Charandak, Charandan, and Garandeh) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Jarandaq	Iran
country	Haanagal is one of the remote villages of India.	Haanagal	India
country	Botoko is a village in the Mbaki district of the Lobaye region in the Central African Republic.	Botoko	Central African Republic
country	The Museu Militar do Porto (translated: Military Museum of Porto) is a pertaining institution to the Portuguese Army, dedicated for the preservation of military history, located in Porto, Portugal.	Museu Militar do Porto	Portugal
country	Sofia Airport Metro Station (Bulgarian: Метростанция ``Летище София``) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria. It started operation on April 2, 2015.	Sofia Airport Metro Station	Bulgaria
country	The Swedish Exhibition and Congress Centre (Swedish: Svenska Mässan) is an exhibition and convention centre in Gothenburg, Sweden and one of Scandinavia's biggest assembly points which attracts around 1.4 million visitors every year.	Swedish Exhibition and Congress Centre	Sweden
country	Benbaun (Irish: Binn Bhán) is a mountain in County Galway, Ireland, the highest of the Twelve Bens, and the highest peak in Galway.	Benbaun	Ireland
country	Svalbarðseyri is a small village in the Svalbarðsstrandarhreppur municipality, northern Iceland, which in January 2011 had 245 inhabitants.	Svalbarðseyri	Iceland
country	The Manitoba Museum, previously the Manitoba Museum of Man and Nature is the largest museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Manitoba Museum	Canada
country	The International Rail Road Systems (reporting mark IRRS) was a Canadian short line railway company operating in south-eastern British Columbia, Canada.	International Rail Road Systems	Canada
country	Okollo is a town in Arua District, northwestern Uganda.	Okollo	Uganda
country	Manpo Airport is an airport near Manpo, Chagang Province, North Korea.	Manpo Airport	North Korea
country	Rincón de Tres Cerros (literally ``corner of the three hills'') is an area in Rivera Department of Uruguay, wedged between Tacuarembó River and stream Arroyo Cuñapirú (hence the toponym ``corner'').	Rincón de Tres Cerros	Uruguay
country	Pityilu Island is part of Manus Province in northern Papua New Guinea and part of the Admiralty Islands.	Pityilu Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Vilyuchik, also known as Vilyuchinsky (Russian: Вилючинский вулкан) is a stratovolcano in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Vilyuchik	Russia
country	Kullorsuaq (old spelling: Kuvdlorssuaq) is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Kullorsuaq	Greenland
country	Szymaniszki (ʂɨmaˈniʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Szymaniszki	Poland
country	Kouk Samraong is a village in the commune of Banteay Chhmar in Thma Puok District in Banteay Meanchey Province in north-western Cambodia.	Kouk Samraong	Cambodia
country	Kaitaia Airport (IATA: KAT, ICAO: NZKT) is located at Kaitaia in the Northland Region, of New Zealand.	Kaitaia Airport	New Zealand
country	Tsoilaunung Island is an island of Papua New Guinea, located to the east of New Hanover Island, to the north of New Ireland.	Tsoilaunung Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Semeliškės is a town in Elektrėnai municipality, Vilnius County, east Lithuania.	Semeliškės	Lithuania
country	Dar Derafsh-e Qaleh (Persian: داردرفش قلعه‎, also Romanized as Dār Derafsh-e Qal``eh) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 220, in 47 families.	Dar Derafsh-e Qaleh	Iran
country	Kaolack Airport (IATA: KLC, ICAO: GOOK) is an airport serving Kaolack, the capital of the Kaolack Region in Senegal.	Kaolack Airport	Senegal
country	Otgontenger (Mongolian: Отгонтэнгэр, lit. ``youngest sky'') is the highest peak in the Khangai Mountains in Mongolia.	Otgontenger	Mongolia
country	Abaiara is a city in the region of the Cariri, in the state of Ceará, Brazil.	Abaiara	Brazil
country	Badeleh Darreh (Persian: بادله دره‎, also Romanized as Bādeleh Darreh) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Badeleh Darreh	Iran
country	Songan is a village in southeastern Ivory Coast.	Songan	Ivory Coast
country	Žulová (German Friedberg) is a town in Jeseník District, in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic, close to the border with Poland.	Žulová	Czech Republic
country	Schwabinger 7 or Schwabinger Sieben is a tavern in the Feilitzschstraße in the area known as Münchner Freiheit in Munich, Germany.	Schwabinger 7	Germany
country	Epuni is a suburb of Lower Hutt, New Zealand situated in the south of the North Island of New Zealand.	Epuni	New Zealand
country	The Belgian State Railways, sometimes referred to as the Belgian State Railway (Dutch: Belgische Staatsspoorwegen; French: Chemins de fer de l'État Belge), was the original state-owned railway of Belgium.	Belgian State Railways	Belgium
country	St Vincent's Hospital, Melbourne is a major hospital in Fitzroy, Melbourne, Australia.	St Vincent's Hospital, Melbourne	Australia
country	Armentières (IPA: (aʁmɑ̃tjɛːʁ); Dutch: Armentiers) is a commune in the Nord department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in northern France.	Armentières	France
country	Karrehkan (Persian: كره كان‎, also Romanized as Karrehkān; also known as Karkān, Korkān, Korkān, and Korrekān) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Karrehkan	Iran
country	Taumarunui Railway Station in Taumarunui, New Zealand was the main railway station in Taumarunui.	Taumarunui Railway Station	New Zealand
country	The Central Hospital of Yaoundé (In French, Hôpital Central de Yaoundé - HCY) is a hospital in the city of Yaoundé, Cameroon founded in 1933.	Central Hospital of Yaoundé	Cameroon
country	Galafi, also known as Gâlâfi, is a village in Djibouti.	Galafi	Djibouti
country	Abdanan (Persian: آبدانان‎‎)(Kurdish:ئاودانان) is a city located in the south of Ilam Province, Iran.	Abdanan	Iran
country	Dickson Lake is a glacially fed lake located in the northern portion of Torres del Paine National Park, in the Magallanes Region of southern Chile.	Dickson Lake	Chile
country	Shaqaqi-ye Anzar (Persian: شقاقي انذر‎, also Romanized as Shaqāqī-ye Anẕar and Shaqāqī Anẕar; also known as Shaqāq-e Anẕar) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Shaqaqi-ye Anzar	Iran
country	Bandarwela Madya Maha Vidyalaya (Bandarawela Central College) is a public school in Uva province, Sri Lanka which was founded in 1948 as a section of Royal College Colombo.	Bandarawela Central College	Sri Lanka
country	The 1969 French Open was a tennis tournament that was held at the Stade Roland Garros in Paris in France from May 26 through June 8, 1969.	1969 French Open	France
country	Veľký Biel(Slovak: Veľký Biel, Hungarian: Magyarbél) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Senec District in the Bratislava Region.	Veľký Biel	Slovakia
country	The Lavedan (in gascon eth/lo Lavedan, /et/lu laβedã/), or occasionally vallées des Gaves, denotes a mountainous natural region of France, located at the heart of the Pyrénées, and forms a group of valleys upstream of Lourdes.	Lavedan	France
country	The Internationales Maritimes Museum Hamburg (abbr. IMMH, International Maritime Museum) is a private museum in the HafenCity quarter of Hamburg, Germany.	Internationales Maritimes Museum Hamburg	Germany
country	The Cumberland Plain is the surface expression of the Cumberland Basin of New South Wales, Australia.	Cumberland Plain	Australia
country	Goza is a populated village in Dadu District, Sindh province, Pakistan.	Goza	Pakistan
country	Chinandega Airport (Spanish: Pista Aérea Germán Pomares Ordoñez) (ICAO: MNCH) is an airfield located in Chinandega, Nicaragua.	Chinandega Airport	Nicaragua
country	Grębień (ˈɡrɛmbjɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pątnów, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Grębień	Poland
country	Endriejavas is a small town in Klaipėda County, in northwestern Lithuania.	Endriejavas	Lithuania
country	Amioun (Arabic: أميون, transl. Amyūn‎, Greek: Αμιούν) is the capital of the predominantly Eastern Orthodox Christian Koura District (i.e. χώρα, ``country'' in Greek) in the north of Lebanon.	Amioun	Lebanon
country	Belilena is a famous large cave in Sri Lanka.	Belilena	Sri Lanka
country	The Krušedol monastery (pronounced (kruʃɛ̌dɔl)) (Serbian: Манастир Крушедол / Manastir Krušedol) is a Serb Orthodox monastery on the Fruška Gora mountain in the northern Serbia, in the province of Vojvodina.	Krušedol monastery	Serbia
country	The Park Federico García Lorca is situated in the city of Granada, in Spain.	Park Federico García Lorca	Spain
country	Limnes is a traditional Cretan small village in Lasithi, Crete, Greece, located 10 km from Agios Nikolaos.	Limnes	Greece
country	Polje Čepić or Čepić (Italian: Cepich, Felicia, German: Tschepitsch, Pitsch), is a village in Istria County, Croatia, in the municipality of Kršan.	Polje Čepić	Croatia
country	The Natural Park of Posets-Maladeta is a Natural park located in northern Province of Huesca, Aragón, northeastern Spain.	Natural Park of Posets-Maladeta	Spain
country	Government Akbar Ali College is an honors level college in Ullahpara Upazila of Sirajganj District, Bangladesh.	Government Akbar Ali College	Bangladesh
country	Command Ridge (Nauruan: Janor) is the highest point of Nauru, with an elevation of 65 metres (213 ft).	Command Ridge	Nauru
country	Buru (formerly spelt Boeroe) is the third largest island within Maluku Islands of Indonesia.	Buru	Indonesia
country of origin	My Dearest Enemy is an Israeli documentary that takes a behind-the-scenes look at Israel's secret diplomacy by sharing the highly anticipated meeting between Israeli Amnon Lipkin-Shahak and Palestinian Hani El Hassan--both powerful leaders in opposite camps.	My Dearest Enemy	Israel
country of origin	Kelan Antep is traditional cuisine from Jepara City of Indonesia.	Kelan Antep	Indonesia
country of origin	Picodon is a goats-milk cheese made in the region around the Rhône in southern France.	Picodon	France
country of origin	Cachupa (Portuguese pronunciation: (kɐˈʃupɐ)) is a famous dish from the Cape Verde islands, West Africa.	Cachupa	Cape Verde
country of origin	What Happened to Jean is a 1918 Australian silent film shot in South Australia.	What Happened to Jean	Australia
country of origin	Dahsyat (stylized as dahSyat Gaspol) is an Indonesian television show, which is broadcast daily on Rajawali Citra Televisi Indonesia (RCTI).	Dahsyat	Indonesia
country of origin	Every Move You Make (Traditional Chinese title:讀心神探) is a 2010 Hong Kong police procedural television serial drama produced by TVB.	Every Move You Make	Hong Kong
country of origin	My Family was voted 24th in the BBC's ``Britain's Best Sitcom'' in 2004 and was the most watched sitcom in the United Kingdom in 2008.	My Family	United Kingdom
country of origin	Sharon Doorson (born April 24, 1987, Netherlands) is a Dutch singer-songwriter, of Surinamese descent.	Sharon Doorson	Netherlands
country of origin	Rola Cola is a cola drink created by Carlo Dini in 1979, manufactured by Dubuis & Rowsell in the United Kingdom, and manufactured in the U.S. by Ungerer Organization.	Rola Cola	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Boat Show features stories about boating, from people who are passionate about their boats and yachts, to the latest gadgets and boating tips and boating locations both in Australia and abroad.	The Boat Show	Australia
country of origin	Reshteh khoshkar-reshte khoshkar (Persian: رشته‌خشکار‎) is the traditional cookie for Ramadan in Gilan Province, Iran.	Reshteh khoshkar	Iran
country of origin	Strictly Money was a business news programme aired on CNBC Europe in the United Kingdom and for domestic customers in the Republic of Ireland, each weekday at 11:00am Western European Time.	Strictly Money	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Late Late Tribute Shows are a series of special editions of the world's longest-running chat show, The Late Late Show broadcast on RTÉ One in Ireland each Friday evening.	The Late Late Tribute Shows	Ireland
country of origin	Supersister was a Dutch band from The Hague, Netherlands, active 1970-1974, 2000-2001 and 2010-2011.	Supersister	Netherlands
country of origin	The Unbeatables (Chinese: 双天至尊) is a 1993 Chinese drama serial produced by Singapore's Mandarin channel, Channel 8.	The Unbeatables	Singapore
country of origin	Kaal Madhumas had its all India Release on 13 September 2013.	Kaal Madhumas	India
country of origin	The origins of Kiribath are not clear although it has now become a traditional dish and is common in almost every household in Sri Lanka, be it rich or poor.	Kiribath	Sri Lanka
country of origin	Tagesthemen (stylized as tagesthemen①) is one of Germany's main daily television news magazines, presented by journalists Caren Miosga and Thomas Roth.	Tagesthemen	Germany
country of origin	Rava dosa is an Indian crepe of South India.	Rava dosa	India
country of origin	Covrigi are a popular snack food in urban areas of Romania and also as a holiday gift in rural areas.	Covrigi	Romania
country of origin	Tower Block Dreams was a British documentary series that broadcast on BBC Three during January 2004 investigating the underground music scene on council estates in London and Southend in the United Kingdom.	Tower Block Dreams	United Kingdom
country of origin	Humanistische Omroep (abbr. HUMAN, earlier HOS: English: Humanist Broadcaster) is a special broadcaster on the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system, which is allowed to broadcast on radio and television because of their spiritual background.	Humanistische Omroep	Netherlands
country of origin	Ilampuyal was shot in Denmark and India over a period of 85 days in 2007.	Ilampuyal	India
country of origin	Death Defying Acts earned $2,839,345 at the Spanish box office, $800,505 in South Korea, $713,741 in Australia and $608,455 in Mexico.	Death Defying Acts	Australia
country of origin	The Longest Night in Shanghai (Chinese: 夜.上海) is a 2007 film produced by Japan's Movie Eye Entertainment and directed by Chinese director Zhang Yibai.	The Longest Night in Shanghai	Japan
country of origin	Killing Car was released in France on DVD as part of the Jean Rollin collection.	Killing Car	France
country of origin	Face to Fate is a Hong Kong television series released overseas in September 2006 and aired locally on TVB Pay Vision Channel in March 2007.	Face to Fate	Hong Kong
country of origin	Iomain is a Gaelic word, meaning ``driving'', and is one of the words traditionally used in Scotland to refer to Shinty and Irish dialect to Hurling.	Iomain	Scotland
country of origin	Once Upon a Time in China V is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts action film written and directed by Tsui Hark.	Once Upon a Time in China V	Hong Kong
country of origin	Kung Fu Hustle is a 2004 Hong Kong-Chinese martial arts action comedy film, directed, co-produced and co-written by Stephen Chow, who also stars in the lead role.	Kung Fu Hustle	Hong Kong
country of origin	PowNed is a Dutch broadcaster, which broadcasts radio and television programmes on the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system.	PowNed	Netherlands
country of origin	Because of The Hidden Half, Tahmineh Milani was arrested in 2001 for two weeks by Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Court, accusing her of supporting counterrevolutionaries through film.	The Hidden Half	Iran
country of origin	The Kevin Masters Show starring Tom Rhodes is an English language Dutch television late night talk show that aired every Monday night at 10 p.m. by the Yorin television station from 2002-2004 in the Netherlands.	Kevin Masters Show starring Tom Rhodes	Netherlands
country of origin	Palt is more common in the northern part of Sweden.	Palt	Sweden
country of origin	The Samuelsons was a country and gospel group from Sweden, between the 1970's and 80's.	Samuelsons	Sweden
country of origin	Glitterball was a live, late night, interactive television quiz show in the United Kingdom.	Glitterball	United Kingdom
country of origin	Covies is an Irish series of web-based drama short films created by Len Collin and is an online soap set in Westport, Ireland.	Covies	Ireland
country of origin	Murukku is popular all over India, and also in other countries where Tamil diaspora is present:	Murukku	India
country of origin	Maria Hoofman (1776 -- 1845), was a 19th-century art collector from the Northern Netherlands.	Maria Hoofman	Netherlands
country of origin	Kübler Absinthe Superieure is a brand of absinthe, distilled in the Val-de-Travers region of Switzerland also known as the ``birthplace of absinthe''.	Kübler Absinthe	Switzerland
country of origin	The Kyunghyang Shinmun or Kyonghyang Sinmun is a major daily newspaper published in South Korea.	Kyunghyang Shinmun	South Korea
country of origin	Draw soup is a soup popular in southeast and southwest Nigeria.	Draw soup	Nigeria
country of origin	Aswin J Kumar of The Times of India gave a rating of 3.5/5 and wrote, ``It feels good to watch Mammootty in Munnariyippu.	Munnariyippu	India
country of origin	Kandu Kandarinju is a 1985 Malayalam film made in India, starring Mammootty, Mohanlal and Rahman.	Kandu Kandarinju	India
country of origin	Thenali completed 175-day runs across halls in South India.	Thenali	India
country of origin	Devasura is a 2001 Kannada film made in India, directed by M. S. Jayaramayya, and starring Devraj and B. C. Patil.	Devasura	India
country of origin	Hadley! was a short lived Australian talk show which aired on the Australian subscription television news channel Sky News Australia and was hosted by commentator Ray Hadley who discussed current political and social issues with guests.	Hadley!	Australia
country of origin	Hububb was a Children's Television program broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom, it was named after Les Bubb who also played the title character with the same name.	Hububb	United Kingdom
country of origin	An offshoot of The Age of Stupid project is 10:10, a UK-wide campaign encouraging everyone in the United Kingdom to reduce their carbon emissions by at least 10% in twelve months.	The Age of Stupid	United Kingdom
country of origin	Due to public demand and the blackout created by the typhoon over the Philippines, Majika's last two episodes were replayed on September 29 and September 30, 2006 pre-empting My Name Is Kim Sam Soon.	Majika	Philippines
country of origin	Sunday Supplement (formerly Jimmy Hill's Sunday Supplement) is a Sunday morning television programme in the United Kingdom about football.	Sunday Supplement	United Kingdom
country of origin	Vat 69 is a Scotch blended whisky created by William Sanderson & Son Limited of South Queensferry, Scotland, now part of Diageo.	Vat 69	Scotland
country of origin	The Wild East (Russian: Дикий восток, Dikiy vostok, Dikij vostok) is a Russian-language film created in Kazakhstan shortly after the dissolution of the Soviet Union released in 1993.	The Wild East	Kazakhstan
country of origin	The Dagblad van het Noorden (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdɑxblɑt vɑn ɦɛt ˈnʊːrdən); English: Daily of the North), abbreviated as DvhN, is a Dutch regional daily newspaper that is published and circulated in the provinces of Groningen and Drenthe in the northeastern Netherlands.	Dagblad van het Noorden	Netherlands
country of origin	Mieskuoro Huutajat (Men's Choir Shouters) is an internationally famous shouting choir from Oulu, Finland.	Mieskuoro Huutajat	Finland
country of origin	During the third series, on June 9th 2015, MTV Poland confirmed a new show with Eliza and Trybson called ``Warsaw Shore:	Warsaw Shore	Poland
country of origin	``Sol och vår'' is a song by Swedish singer Inger Berggren, that represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, performed in Swedish.	Sol och vår	Sweden
country of origin	Kopspijkers was amongst the most viewed programmes in the Netherlands.	Kopspijkers	Netherlands
country of origin	To Kill with Intrigue (Chinese: 劍花煙雨江南) is a Kung Fu 1977 Hong Kong action film, directed by Lo Wei.	To Kill with Intrigue	Hong Kong
country of origin	Michetta originated in Lombardy, northern Italy, during the Austrian rule.	Michetta	Italy
country of origin	In an interview with Times of India Barjatya said, he kept in mind all the novels of Saratchandra Chatterjee while making Vivah.	Vivah	India
country of origin	Czech Army (120 Iveco LMV) Italy:	Iveco LMV	Italy
country of origin	Krishnagudiyil Oru Pranayakalathu (English: During a Romantic Season in Krishnagudi) is a 1997 Malayalam romance film, made in India, written and directed by Kamal, starring Jayaram, Manju Warrier, Balachandra Menon, Biju Menon, and Vinaya Prasad.	Krishnagudiyil Oru Pranayakalathu	India
country of origin	Hawayein is a film which emerges from the consequences of the BlueStar Operation & is based on the aftermath of India's Prime Minister, Mrs. Indira Gandhi's assassination in 1984 -- the 1984 riots in Delhi & other places in India & the subsequent victimization of the people of Punjab in the years that followed.	Hawayein	India
country of origin	Lethal Weapons of Love and Passion is a Hong Kong television series based on Huang Yi's novel Fuyu Fanyun.	Lethal Weapons of Love and Passion	Hong Kong
country of origin	Virtues of Harmony (Traditional Chinese: 皆大歡喜) is a Hong Kong television sitcom produced by Tsui Yu-on for TVB, which originally aired on TVB Jade from 17 September 2001 to 28 December 2002.	Virtues of Harmony	Hong Kong
country of origin	Milcao or Melcao (sometimes hypercorrected to Milcado) is a traditional dish originating from the Chiloé Archipelago in Chile.	Milcao	Chile
country of origin	Bun kebab (Urdu: بن کباب‎) is a sandwich, originating from Pakistan, especially Karachi.	Bun kebab	Pakistan
country of origin	The Condor Heroes Return is a Hong Kong television series loosely based on the stories of two characters in Louis Cha's novel The Legend of the Condor Heroes.	The Condor Heroes Return	Hong Kong
country of origin	Lazzat with Asad is a cooking show broadcast on Metro One (a news television channel of Pakistan) .	Lazzat with Asad	Pakistan
country of origin	Are You Smarter than a 10 Year Old? is a New Zealand game show broadcast on the TV2 channel.	Are You Smarter than a 10 Year Old?	New Zealand
country of origin	Under the command of Dr. Freedom, the crass superhero Mr. Freedom (John Abbey) goes to France to stave off the advances of the mysterious French Anti-Freedom (FAF) organization.	Mr. Freedom	France
country of origin	Cold Blood Warm Heart (天地男兒) is a 1996 Hong Kong crime thriller and romantic drama television series produced by TVB.	Cold Blood Warm Heart	Hong Kong
date of birth	Lucy Guerin (born 1961) is an Australian dancer and choreographer.	Lucy Guerin	1961
date of birth	Barbara Low (1877-1955) was one of the first British psychoanalysts, and an early pioneer of analytic theory in England.	Barbara Low	1877
date of birth	Alexander Croft Shaw M.A. (26 June 1846 -- 13 March 1902) A minister of the Anglican Church of Canada remembered as Archdeacon Shaw, minister to the British Legation in Tokyo and a leading figure in the early years of the Anglican Church in Japan.	Alexander Croft Shaw	26 June 1846
date of birth	Samuel Greven (born 8 July 1973) is a Belgian professional footballer, who was last seen playing for Oosterzonen.	Samuel Greven	8 July 1973
date of birth	Yeghia Yavruyan (Armenian: Եղիա Յավրույան, Russian: Егия Явруян; born on 18 October 1981 in Rostov Oblast, Soviet Union) is a Russia-born Armenian football striker.	Yeghia Yavruyan	18 October 1981
date of birth	Santiago Durango (born 1957) is an American guitarist remembered for his work with the 1980s punk rock groups Naked Raygun and Big Black.	Santiago Durango	1957
date of birth	Carlos Roberto Osório (born 1966) is a Brazilian business man.	Carlos Roberto Osório	1966
date of birth	Hercules Christiaan van Heerden, commonly known as Harry van Heerden (Schaapskraal, Tarkastad, Cape Colony, 2 September 1862 -- Schaapskraal, Tarkastad, 17 July 1933), South African farmer and politician.	Harry van Heerden	2 September 1862
date of birth	Terry Hicks (born 1945) is an Australian man who is known for his campaign for his son David, who was convicted by the United States of America Guantanamo Military Commission under the Military Commissions Act of 2006 on charges of providing material support for terrorism.	Terry Hicks	1945
date of birth	Nick Turse (born 1975) is an American investigative journalist, historian, and author.	Nick Turse	1975
date of birth	Daniele Cacia (born 23 August 1983) is an Italian football striker.	Daniele Cacia	23 August 1983
date of birth	Raymond de Roon (born 1 September 1952 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch politician and former prosecutor.	Raymond de Roon	1 September 1952
date of birth	Krzysztof Czarniecki of the Łodzia coat of arms (b. ca. 1564, d. 1636) was a Polish nobleman and starosta of Żywiec.	Krzysztof Czarniecki	1564
date of birth	Susan Pleydell was the nom de plume of the Scottish-born novelist Susan Senior, née Susan Syme (1907--1986).	Susan Pleydell	1907
date of birth	Hajrudin Saračević (born in 1949) is a former Bosnian football player.	Hajrudin Saračević	1949
date of birth	Nicole Humbert, née Rieger (born 5 February 1972 in Landau) is a retired German pole vaulter.	Nicole Humbert	5 February 1972
date of birth	Missy Mazzoli (born October 27, 1980 in Lansdale, Pennsylvania) is an American composer and pianist living in Brooklyn, New York who has received critical acclaim for her chamber, orchestral and operatic work.	Missy Mazzoli	1980
date of birth	John Veron (b. 1945), credited in research as J. E. N. Veron, and in other writing as Charlie Veron, is a wide-ranging specialist in corals and reefs.	John Veron	1945
date of birth	Wray Thomas (born 1810) was the 21st mayor of Columbus, Ohio and the 19th person to serve in that office.	Wray Thomas	1810
date of birth	Laura Spiranovic (Croatian: Laura Špiranović; born 18 November 1991) is an Australian soccer player who plays for W-League club Melbourne Victory.	Laura Spiranovic	18 November 1991
date of birth	Al-Sayyed Mohsen al-Amin (b.1284/1867-d.1371/1952) was a Shia scholar, biographer, traditionist, and jurist.	Al-Sayyed Mohsen al-Amin	1867
date of birth	Sridhar Lagadapati (born 14 June 1968) is the founder and head of Sirisuns Entertainment (Earlier Larsco Entertainment), a company based in Hyderabad (Telangana, India).	Sridhar Lagadapati	14 June 1968
date of birth	William Leechman (1706--1785) was a Scottish minister, theologian and academic.	William Leechman	1706
date of birth	Zvi Guershoni (Hebrew: צבי גרשוני‎, born 1915, died 1 September 1976) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1969 and his death in 1976.	Zvi Guershoni	1915
date of birth	Sir Stephen Finney CIE (8 September 1852 -- 1 MArch 1924) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1872 to 1873.	Stephen Finney	8 September 1852
date of birth	Dror Zeigerman (Hebrew: דרור זייגרמן‎, born 15 May 1948) is an Israeli former politician and diplomat who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1981 and 1984, and as ambassador to the United Kingdom from 1998 until 2000.	Dror Zeigerman	15 May 1948
date of birth	Lesley-Anne Down (born 17 March 1954) is an English actress, former model, and singer.	Lesley-Anne Down	17 March 1954
date of birth	Jack the Stripper is the nickname given to an unidentified serial killer responsible for what came to be known as the London ``nude murders'' between 1964 and 1965 (also known as the ``Hammersmith murders'' or ``Hammersmith nudes'' case).	Jack the Stripper	1964
date of birth	Victor Desguin (French: (degɛ̃); 30 January 1838 -- 8 July 1919) was a Belgian liberal politician.	Victor Desguin	30 January 1838
date of birth	Johan Galtung (born 24 October 1930) is a Norwegian sociologist, mathematician and the principal founder of the discipline of peace and conflict studies.	Johan Galtung	24 October 1930
date of birth	(Richard) Hugh Cavendish, Baron Cavendish of Furness DL FRSA (born 2 November 1941), who usually uses the name Hugh Cavendish, is a British Conservative politician and landowner.	Hugh Cavendish, Baron Cavendish of Furness	2 November 1941
date of birth	Theodoros Dimitriou (Greek: Θεόδωρος Μπιμπος Δημητρίου; 1898;--) was a Greek football player who played for the club Panionios G.S.S..	Theodoros Dimitriou	1898
date of birth	Amir Hassanpour, (1943- ), is a prominent Iranian Kurdish scholar and researcher.	Amir Hassanpour	1943
date of birth	Kostis Gimossoulis (Greek: Κωστής Γκιμοσούλης; born 1960) is a Greek poet and novelist.	Kostis Gimossoulis	1960
date of birth	Lucyna Kulińska (born 1955 in Kraków) is a Polish historian specializing in modern history and university lecturer.	Lucyna Kulińska	1955
date of birth	Julian Hee (, born 11 June 1978) is a Singaporean Chinese actor and model.	Julian Hee	11 June 1978
date of birth	Sean Ralphsmith (born 14 December 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn and St Kilda in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Sean Ralphsmith	14 December 1966
date of birth	Josyf Veliamyn Rutsky (also spelled Josyf Rutsky) (Ukrainian: Велямин Йосиф Рутський) - (1574--1637) was a Greek-Catholic Metropolitan bishop of Kyiv from 1613 to 1637.	Josyf Veliamyn Rutsky	1574
date of birth	Alexander Aris Myint San Aung (Burmese: မြင့်ဆန်းအောင်, pronounced: (mjɪ̰ɴ sʰáɴ àʊɴ); born 1973) is a civil rights activist of British and Burmese descent.	Alexander Aris	1973
date of birth	Lieutenant Colonel Yeshayahu Yerushalmi (Hebrew: ישעיהו ירושלמי‎), sometimes referred to as Isaiah Yerushalmi (born 1920 in Poland), is a former Israeli judge.	Yeshayahu Yerushalmi	1920
date of birth	Selim Kaabi (born 27 July 1984) is a French born association footballer currently contracted to Etoile FC in the Singapore S.League.	Selim Kaabi	27 July 1984
date of birth	Damien Keown (born 1951) is a prominent bioethicist and authority on Buddhist bioethics.	Damien Keown	1951
date of birth	Zhao Xuri (simplified Chinese: 赵旭日; traditional Chinese: 趙旭日; pinyin: Zhào Xùrì; born 3 December 1985) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Tianjin Quanjian in the China League One.	Zhao Xuri	3 December 1985
date of birth	Gideon Gathimba (born 9 March 1980) is a Kenyan middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Gideon Gathimba	9 March 1980
date of birth	Zvonko Čoh (born 7 August 1956) is a Slovene painter, illustrator, and animator, best known as the co-author (together with Milan Erič) of the first Slovene animated feature length film (i.e. the 1998 Socialization of a Bull).	Zvonko Čoh	7 August 1956
date of birth	Bouchaib El Moubarki (Arabic: بوشعيب المباركي‎‎; born 12 January 1978) is a former Moroccan footballer.	Bouchaib El Moubarki	12 January 1978
date of birth	Wong Kam-po SBS BBS MH (Chinese: 黃金寶; pinyin: Huáng Jīnbǎo; Jyutping: wong4 gam1 bou2, born 13 March 1973 in Hong Kong) in Shatin, Hong Kong, is a world champion racing cyclist.	Wong Kam-po	13 March 1973
date of birth	Gul Hamid or Gul Hamid Khan (born 1905) was an Indian film actor.	Gul Hamid	1905
date of birth	Patricia Head Minaldi (born 1959) is a District Judge for the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana.	Patricia Head Minaldi	1959
date of birth	Yehuda Hashai (Hebrew: יהודה חשאי‎‎, born 3 January 1934) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment from 1980 until 1984.	Yehuda Hashai	3 January 1934
date of birth	Li Congyi (李從益) (931-June 23, 947), known as the Prince of Xu (許王), was an imperial prince of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Tang.	Li Congyi	931
date of birth	James Lodge (born 18 May 1989 in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire) is a British motorcycle racer who is a two-time British 125cc champion 2009 & 2010.	James Lodge	18 May 1989
date of birth	Samuel Morton Savage (1721--1791) was an English nonconformist minister and dissenting tutor.	Samuel Morton Savage	1721
date of birth	Hsu Hai-ching (許海清, 1913 -- 2005-04-06) was a veteran gangster in Taiwan.	Hsu Hai-ching	1913
date of birth	David Gans (Hebrew: דָּוִד בֶּן שְׁלֹמֹה גנז‎; ‎1541--1613), also known as Rabbi Dovid Solomon Ganz, was a Jewish chronicler, mathematician, historian, astronomer and astrologer.	David Gans	1541
date of birth	Alex Winters (born 10 January 1977) is a Welsh children's television presenter and actor, who studied Drama and Theatre Studies with Psychology in Liverpool before working on a range of theatre projects and as a supporting artist in the hit, locally filmed, programmes Torchwood and Doctor Who.	Alex Winters	10 January 1977
date of birth	Rudolph von Medem (1846 -- unknown) was a German-born soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 5th U.S. Cavalry during the Indian Wars.	Rudolph von Medem	1846
date of birth	Alejandro Jadresic Marinovic (born 6 June 1956) is a Chilean industrial engineer, economist and an academic.	Alejandro Jadresic	6 June 1956
date of birth	Thomas Jacomb (1622--1687) was an English ejected minister.	Thomas Jacomb	1622
date of birth	John-Mary Kauzya (born 1957) is a Ugandan diplomat who is known for his research and policy advice in the areas of governance and public administration.	John-Mary Kauzya	1957
date of birth	Pierre Lafitte (1770--1821) was a privateer in the Gulf of Mexico and smuggler in the early 19th century.	Pierre Lafitte	1770
date of birth	William Knoedelseder (born 1947), is an author, former Los Angeles Times business writer, television producer and news executive.	William Knoedelseder	1947
date of birth	Nripen Chakraborty (Bengali: নৃপেন চক্রবর্তী; 4 April 1905 -- 25 December 2004) was an Indian politician and the chief minister of Tripura state from 1978 to 1988.	Nripen Chakraborty	4 April 1905
date of birth	Antonio Missiroli (born 1955) is an Italian researcher, editorialist, lecturer and policy adviser in the European Institutions.	Antonio Missiroli	1955
date of birth	Wojciech Nowicki (born 22 February 1989) is a Polish hammer thrower with personal best 78.71 metres (3 May 2015).	Wojciech Nowicki	22 February 1989
date of birth	Farley Katz (born 1984) is an American humorist.	Farley Katz	1984
date of birth	Jan Kadlec (born 19 July 1989) is a Czech football striker who recently played for the Corgoň Liga club FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda, on loan from AC Sparta Praha.	Jan Kadlec	19 July 1989
date of birth	Rip Rense (born 1954) is an American music and film journalist, author, poet, and music producer, based in Los Angeles, California.	Rip Rense	1954
date of birth	Leslie Law (born 5 May 1965) is a British eventer, who won the individual gold medal in the 2004 Summer Olympic Games.	Leslie Law	5 May 1965
date of birth	Ulrike Stange (born 25 April 1984 in Oschatz) is a German handballer.	Ulrike Stange	25 April 1984
date of birth	Takamasa Kitagawa (born 5 September 1996) is a Japanese sprinter specialising in the 400 metres.	Takamasa Kitagawa	5 September 1996
date of birth	Susanne le Pelley, Dame of Sark (1668 -- June 24, 1733) was the 10th Seigneur of Sark from 1730 to 1733.	Susanne le Pelley	1668
date of birth	Valeri Domovchiyski (Bulgarian: Валери Домовчийски, (ˈfəlɛri dɔˈmɔftɕiesxi); born 5 October 1986) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Levadiakos as a striker.	Valeri Domovchiyski	5 October 1986
date of birth	Daniel Njenga Muturi (born 7 May 1976) is a Kenyan long-distance runner, who specializes in the marathon.	Daniel Njenga	7 May 1976
date of birth	Wallace Chafe (/ˈtʃeɪf/; born 1927) is an American linguist.	Wallace Chafe	1927
date of birth	Gurpal Singh (born 13 June 1980) is an Indian shooter who won the silver medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in the 50 m pistol event.	Gurpal Singh	13 June 1980
date of birth	Norton Mezvinsky (born 1932) is an American historian, professor, and author.	Norton Mezvinsky	1932
date of birth	Greg Beales (born 1977) is the Director of Strategy and Planning for the Labour Party and a former aide to Ed Miliband.	Greg Beales	1977
date of birth	Charles Dahanayake was born on 8 February 1928 at Hiyare, Galle and had his early education at the village school.	Charles Dahanayake	8 February 1928
date of birth	Jörgen Wålemark (born 3 April 1972) is a former Swedish footballer, currently playing for Ljungskile SK.	Jörgen Wålemark	3 April 1972
date of birth	Niall Morgan (born 17 July 1991) is a Gaelic footballer.	Niall Morgan	17 July 1991
date of birth	Danish Taimoor (born 16 February 1983) is a Pakistani actor and model.	Danish Taimoor	16 February 1983
date of birth	Dong Qing (Chinese: 董卿; pinyin: Dǒng Qīng; born 17 November 1973) is a Chinese television host.	Dong Qing	17 November 1973
date of birth	Li Tian-lu (1910 -- 23 June 1998) played the principal character in two historical Taiwanese films directed by Hou Hsiao-Hsien.	Li Tian-lu	1910
date of birth	J. Shawn Landres (born 1972 in Los Angeles, California) is a social entrepreneur and independent scholar, known primarily for writing and advocacy related to religion and social innovation, especially in the Jewish community.	Shawn Landres	1972
date of birth	André Calisir (born 13 June 1990), is a Swedish football player, who plays Defender.	André Calisir	13 June 1990
date of birth	Kaulahea I (born ca. 1485) was a Chief in ancient Hawaii, who ruled as the 10th known King of Maui, the sovereign High Chief of the Hawaiian island of Maui.	Kaulahea I	1485
date of birth	Ernst Håkon Jahr (born 4 March 1948) is a Norwegian linguist with about 230 publications, including about 50 books.	Ernst Håkon Jahr	4 March 1948
date of birth	Stefan Herheim (born Oslo, 13 March 1970), is a Norwegian opera director, based in Germany.	Stefan Herheim	13 March 1970
date of birth	Justin Lavender (born 4 June 1951) is an operatic tenor, professor of vocal studies at the Royal College of Music, visiting tutor at the Birmingham Conservatoire and a vocal consultant to the choirs of King's College, Cambridge and Canterbury Cathedral.	Justin Lavender	4 June 1951
date of birth	Ole Johan Sandvand (born 23 February 1947) is a Norwegian health executive.	Ole Johan Sandvand	23 February 1947
date of birth	Robert Andrew Macfie (4 October 1811 -- 16 February 1893) was a Scottish businessman and, in later life, a Member of the British Parliament.	Robert Andrew Macfie	4 October 1811
date of birth	Garry Bocaly (born 19 April 1988) is a French footballer who last played for Arles-Avignon, as a right back.	Garry Bocaly	19 April 1988
date of birth	Jovan Šajnović (1924--2004) was a renowned Yugoslavian conductor and university professor.	Jovan Šajnović	1924
date of birth	Angelos Anastasiadis (Greek: Άγγελος Αναστασιάδης) (born 8 March 1953) is a Greek football head coach and former international footballer.	Angelos Anastasiadis	8 March 1953
date of birth	Lucy Sussex (born in New Zealand in 1957) is an author working in fantasy and science fiction, children's and teenage writing, non-fiction and true crime.	Lucy Sussex	1957
date of birth	Sybil Sheridan (born 1953) is a writer and British Reform rabbi who was Chair of the Assembly of Reform Rabbis UK at the Movement for Reform Judaism from 2013 to 2015.	Sybil Sheridan	1953
date of birth	Tomáš Vorobjov (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈtomaːʃ ˈvorobjou) born 1984) is a Slovak astronomer, specializing in observations of minor planets and Near-Earth objects.	Tomáš Vorobjov	1984
date of birth	Gaspar Frutuoso was born in 1522, on the island of São Miguel, son of Frutuoso Dias, a merchant and rural property-owner, and his wife Isabel Fernandes.	Gaspar Frutuoso	1522
date of birth	Amélie-les-crayons (born 1981) is a French singer-songwriter, with an emphasis on theatricality and humour in her performances and that of her group.	Amélie-les-crayons	1981
date of birth	Mariusz Tubielewicz (born 1978) is a paralympic athlete from Poland competing mainly in category T37 middle distance events.	Mariusz Tubielewicz	1978
date of birth	Jasper Smith (born 1965) is a pioneer in interactive media and currently the CEO of PlayJam.	Jasper Smith	1965
date of birth	Michel van der Aa (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌmixəl vɑn dər ˈaː); born 10 March 1970) is a Dutch composer of contemporary classical music.	Michel van der Aa	10 March 1970
date of birth	Elgie Stover (1938-2011) was an American songwriter, composer, producer and background singer, most famous for his associations with uncle Harvey Fuqua and legendary Motown star Marvin Gaye, co-writing two of Gaye's songs from the singer's acclaimed 1971 album, What's Going On.	Elgie Stover	1938
date of birth	Ahmet Hisarlı (1908 - January 4, 1984), also known by the pen name Hisarlı Ahmet, was a Turkish ashik.	Hisarlı Ahmet	1908
date of birth	Tim Dixon (born 19 February 1984) is an English television presenter who rose to prominence in 2003.	Tim Dixon	19 February 1984
date of birth	Marianne Cargill Liebmann (born 1953) is an American heir.	Marianne Cargill Liebmann	1953
date of birth	George Marzbach (born 1876) was a Belgian lawyer was a head of a mixed courts in Egypt, the founder of the Egyptian club Zamalek as it was named Qasr Al-Nil in 1911.	George Marzbach	1876
date of birth	Ana María Picasso Clarke (born in Lima, 24 July 1984) is a Peruvian journalist and TV host.	Ana María Picasso	24 July 1984
date of birth	Álvaro Barrios Vasquez (Cartagena de Indias, 27 October 1945) is a Colombian conceptual artist and cartoonist.	Álvaro Barrios	27 October 1945
date of birth	Margaret Woodbury Strong (1897 -- July 16, 1969) was an American collector and philanthropist.	Margaret Woodbury Strong	1897
date of birth	Rafał Wnuk (born 22 May 1967 in Zamość) is a Polish historian, editor of several historical periodicals, employee of the Institute of History of the Polish Academy of Sciences and of the Polish Institute of National Remembrance (IPN).	Rafał Wnuk	22 May 1967
date of birth	Bernette Joshua Johnson (born June 1943) is an African-American Democrat lawyer from her native New Orleans, Louisiana, who has been since 2013 the chief justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court.	Bernette Joshua Johnson	1943
date of birth	Brendan O'Hare (born 16 January 1970) is a Scottish musician, who amongst other things has been the drummer in the rock band Teenage Fanclub from 1990 until early 1994, and a member and collaborator of Mogwai.	Brendan O'Hare	16 January 1970
date of birth	Annie Bell Robinson Devine (1912--2000) was an activist in the American Civil Rights Movement.	Annie Bell Robinson Devine	1912
date of birth	Anna Coren (born 28 October 1975) is an Australian journalist and former news anchor who is an international correspondent with CNN based in Hong Kong.	Anna Coren	28 October 1975
date of birth	William Duane Morgan (1817--1887) was a newspaper editor and Democratic politician.	William Duane Morgan	1817
date of birth	Albert van der Sandt Centlivres (13 January 1887--19 September 1966) was Chief Justice of South Africa from 1950 to 1957.	Albert van der Sandt Centlivres	13 January 1887
date of birth	Mina Ahadi (Persian: مینا احدی ‎‎) (born 1956) is an Iranian-Austrian human rights activist.	Mina Ahadi	1956
date of birth	Rudi Hansen (born 27 October 1943 in Copenhagen) is a former Danish actress.	Rudi Hansen	27 October 1943
date of birth	Sir Edward Bagot, 2nd Baronet (23 May 1616 -- 30 May 1673) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.	Sir Edward Bagot, 2nd Baronet	23 May 1616
date of birth	Pastor Micha Ondó Bile (born 1952 in Nsinik Sawong, Spanish Guinea) served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of Equatorial Guinea from February 2003 to 2012.	Pastor Micha Ondó Bile	1952
date of birth	Carl Emil Pettersson (October 4 or 23, 1875 -- May 12, 1937) was a Swedish sailor who became king of Tabar Island in Papua New Guinea after he was shipwrecked in 1904.	Carl Emil Pettersson	1875
date of birth	K. P. Nirmal Kumar (കെ.പി. നിർമൽ കുമാർ; born 1947) is a Malayalam-language writer from Kerala, India..	K. P. Nirmal Kumar	1947
date of birth	Jesús Malverde, possibly born as Jesús Juarez Mazo (1870--1909) (pronounced: (xeˈsus malˈβeɾ.ðe)), sometimes known as the ``generous bandit'', ``angel of the poor'', or the ``narco-saint'', is a folklore hero in the Mexican state of Sinaloa.	Jesús Malverde	1870
date of birth	Boulou Ferré (born Jean-Jacques Ferret, 24 April 1951) is a French virtuoso jazz guitarist, composer, arranger and improviser.	Boulou Ferré	24 April 1951
date of birth	Bonnie Brooks (1953-) is a Canadian department store executive who is Vice Chairman of Hudson's Bay Company, having formerly served as President and CEO of its department store arm Hudson's Bay.	Bonnie Brooks	1953
date of birth	Stanley John Halden (born 21 January 1954), at Fremantle, Western Australia, is a former member of the Western Australian Legislative Council.	John Halden	21 January 1954
date of birth	Francis Turner Palgrave (28 September 1824 -- 24 October 1897) was a British critic, anthologist and poet.	Francis Turner Palgrave	28 September 1824
date of birth	Ignaz Wechselmann (1828, Nikolai, Prussian Silesia -- January 17, 1903, Budapest) was a Hungarian architect and philanthropist.	Ignaz Wechselmann	1828
date of birth	Adriana Johanna Haanen (Dutch pronunciation: (aːdriˈaːnaː joːˈɦɑnaː ˈɦaːnən); 14 June 1814 -- 8 October 1895) was a Dutch painter.	Adriana Johanna Haanen	1814
date of birth	Sib Chandra Deb (Bengali: শিবচন্দ্র দেব Shib Chôndro Deb) (also spelt Shib Chandra Deb, Shibchandra Deb, Shib Chander Deb) (20 July 1811 -- 12 November 1890) was one of the leading Derozians, virtually the first generation of English-knowing Indians.	Sib Chandra Deb	20 July 1811
date of birth	Larry Milberry (born 1943) is a Canadian aviation author and publisher.	Larry Milberry	1943
date of birth	Gareth Koch (born 6 April 1962) is an Australian classical guitarist and recording artist of German/Anglo-Irish/ Lithuanian heritage.	Gareth Koch	6 April 1962
date of birth	Cliff Coulson (28 July 1906 -- 28 February 1985) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Cliff Coulson	28 July 1906
date of birth	Paul Redfern (13 February 1902 - 25 August 1927 (approximate)) was an American musician and a pilot from Columbia, South Carolina.	Paul Redfern	13 February 1902
date of birth	Lee Daggett (born 1 October 1982, Bury) is an English former cricketer who played for Warwickshire, Leicestershire and Northants as a right-arm medium-pace bowler and a right-handed batsman.	Lee Daggett	1 October 1982
date of birth	Margalida Castro is a Colombian theatre and television actress, born 19 November 1943 in San Gil, Santander.	Margalida Castro	19 November 1943
date of birth	Samir Aliyev (Azerbaijani: Samir Əliyev, born 14 April 1979) is a retired Azerbaijani footballer.	Samir Aliyev	14 April 1979
date of birth	Cheryl Campbell (born 22 May 1949) is an English actress of stage, film and television.	Cheryl Campbell	22 May 1949
date of birth	Frederic Gordon Foster (24 February 1921 -- 20 December 2010) was an Irish computational engineer, statistician, professor, and college dean who is widely known for devising, in 1965, a nine-digit code upon which the International Standard Book Number (ISBN) is based.	Gordon Foster	24 February 1921
date of birth	Ian Cranson (born 2 July 1964) is an English former professional footballer for played for Ipswich Town, Sheffield Wednesday and Stoke City.	Ian Cranson	2 July 1964
date of birth	Henry Kwek Hian Chuan (Chinese: 郭献川; born 20 April 1976) is a Singaporean businessman and politician.	Henry Kwek	20 April 1976
date of birth	Melanie Gutteridge (born August 1972 in Waltham Forest, Essex) is an English actress, best known for playing PC Emma Keane in The Bill.	Melanie Gutteridge	August 1972
date of birth	Peter Rosenbrock (21 November 1939 -- 5 January 2005) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1960s.	Peter Rosenbrock	21 November 1939
date of birth	Adolphus Busch (10 July 1839 -- 10 October 1913) was the German-born co-founder of Anheuser-Busch with his father-in-law, Eberhard Anheuser.	Adolphus Busch	10 July 1839
date of birth	Alexandra Ashley Hughes (born 31 July 1985), known by her stage name Allie X, is a Canadian singer-songwriter based in Los Angeles, California.	Allie X	31 July 1985
date of birth	Nicky Evans, (born 20 April 1979) is an English actor who is best known for playing the roles of Shane Maguire on channel 4's Shameless and Roy Glover in the popular British soap Emmerdale.	Nicky Evans	20 April 1979
date of birth	Carl Parcher Russell, historian, ecologist, and administrator, was born January 18, 1894 in Fall River, Wisconsin.	Carl Parcher Russell	1894
date of birth	Terry Rosenberg (born 1954) is an American artist known for painting, sculpture, and drawings that reference the body.	Terry Rosenberg	1954
date of birth	Jan van der Rassel (born 5 January 1964) is a former Dutch darts player.	Jan van der Rassel	5 January 1964
date of birth	Helen Hollick (born 1953) is a British author of historical fiction.	Helen Hollick	1953
date of birth	Arthur Folwell (1904 - 1966) was an Australian rugby league footballer, coach and administrator of the early to mid-20th century.	Arthur Folwell	1904
date of birth	Walter Zerlett-Olfenius (7 April 1897 -- 18 April 1975) was a German screenwriter, who worked on films for UFA (Universum Film AG), from 1936 until 1945.	Walter Zerlett-Olfenius	7 April 1897
date of birth	Edwin Grant Dexter (born 1868, date of death unknown) was an American educator, born at Calais, Me.	Edwin Grant Dexter	1868
date of birth	Rohan Prem (born 13 September 1986, in Thiruvananthapuram) is an Indian first class cricketer.	Rohan Prem	13 September 1986
date of birth	Hugh de Camoys, 2nd Baron Camoys (1413--1426) succeeded his grandfather Thomas de Camoys as Baron in 1419.	Hugh de Camoys, 2nd Baron Camoys	1413
date of birth	Ranjana Deshmukh (1955 -- March 3, 2000), famous on-screen as just Ranjana, was a popular Marathi actress who dominated the Marathi silver screen in the '70s and '80s.	Ranjana Deshmukh	1955
date of birth	Michel Chossudovsky (born 1946) is a Canadian economist and author.	Michel Chossudovsky	1946
date of birth	Ahmed Ould Teguedi (Arabic: أحمد ولد تكدي‎; born 1954) is a Mauritanian diplomat.	Ahmed Ould Teguedi	1954
date of birth	Thomas Branker (Brancker) (1633--1676) was an English mathematician.	Thomas Branker	1633
date of birth	William Somers (born circa 1850 in Glasgow) was a Scottish international footballer who played as a right back.	William Somers	1850
date of birth	Elizabeth Merbury (c. 1412) was an English noblewoman.	Elizabeth Merbury	1412
date of birth	Robert K. Wright, Jr. (born 1946) is an American military historian and author.	Robert K. Wright, Jr.	1946
date of birth	Helmut Köllen (2 March 1950 - 3 May 1977) was a German bass player and musician for the band Triumvirat.	Helmut Köllen	2 March 1950
date of birth	Ramanuja (traditionally, 1017--1137 CE) was a Hindu theologian, philosopher, and scriptural exegete, born in a Tamil family in the village of Sriperumbudur, Tamil Nadu.	Ramanuja	1017
date of birth	Felix Onyedika Ogbuke commonly known as Felix Ogbuke (born 18 September 1985) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a striker for Vietnamese club QNK Quảng Nam	Felix Ogbuke	18 September 1985
date of birth	Edward Colin Cherry (1914--1979) was a British cognitive scientist whose main contributions were in focused auditory attention, specifically the cocktail party problem regarding the capacity to follow one conversation while many other conversations are going on in a noisy room.	Colin Cherry	1914
date of birth	Choi Jin-soo (Korean: 최진수, formerly known as Jin Soo Kim; born 11 May 1989) is a South Korean basketball player who played for University of Maryland, College Park and the Korea national basketball team.	Choi Jin-soo	11 May 1989
date of birth	Ruth Winona Tao (born 1963), a.k.a. Nonie Tao and Kwun-Mei Tao 关美涛 (Cantonese name), was an American-born Chinese film actress, TV personality and MTV Asia and Channel V video jockey in the early 1990s.	Ruth Winona Tao	1963
date of birth	Trevor Steer (born 11 October 1938) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the VFL during the 1960s.	Trevor Steer	11 October 1938
date of birth	Roy Rene (15 February 1891 -- 22 November 1954), born Harry van der Sluys, was an Australian comedian and vaudevillian.	Roy Rene	15 February 1891
date of birth	Thomas Coman (August, 1836 -- October 22, 1909) was President of the New York City Board of Aldermen from 1868 to 1871, and Acting Mayor of New York for several weeks at the end of 1868 and beginning of 1869.	Thomas Coman	1836
date of birth	Stefan Nikolić (Cyrillic: Стефан Николић, born 16 April 1990) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays as a striker for Termalica Bruk-Bet Nieciecza in the Polish Ekstraklasa.	Stefan Nikolić	16 April 1990
date of birth	Dr. J. G. Jolly (born 1 October 1926) is an Indian physician and Emeritus Professor of the Department of Transfusion Medicine at the Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh, India.	J. G. Jolly	1 October 1926
date of birth	Wang Wenjuan(Chinese: 王文娟; pinyin: Wáng Wénjuān; 19 December 1926 -- ) is a noted performer in the Shaoxing opera.	Wang Wenjuan	19 December 1926
date of birth	Jaime Gandara (born El Paso, Texas, USA, 29 June 1982) is an American professional road and cyclocross cyclist.	Jaime Gandara	29 June 1982
date of birth	Andrew Lusk Shields (c. 1882 -- 24 July 1944) was a Scottish businessman and politician in Hong Kong.	Andrew Lusk Shields	1882
date of birth	Sonia Velásquez (born as Sonia Margarita Velásquez Mendoza, on 13 March 1977 in Montería, Colombia) is a personality of the national and international popular culture, being a journalist, presenter, and audiovisual producer.	Sonia Velásquez	13 March 1977
date of birth	Nigel Leask (born 1958) is a British academic publishing on Romantic, Scottish, and Anglo-Indian literature, with special interest on British Empire, Orientalism, and Travel writing.	Nigel Leask	1958
date of birth	Ross Edgar (born 3 January 1983) is a Scottish track cyclist who represented Scotland at the 2002 and 2006 Commonwealth Games, where he won a gold medal in the team sprint riding with Chris Hoy and Craig MacLean.	Ross Edgar	3 January 1983
date of birth	Ahmad Mahfuz Umar (Arabic: أحمد محفوظ عمر ; born in Aden in 1936) is a Yemeni writer.	Ahmad Mahfuz Umar	1936
date of birth	Debra Teare (born 1955) is an American artist and ``One of the most successful trompe l’oeil painters today.	Debra Teare	1955
date of birth	Premendra Mitra (Bengali: প্রেমেন্দ্র মিত্র; 1904--1988) was a renowned Bengali poet, novelist, short story and thrillers writer and film director.	Premendra Mitra	1904
date of birth	Delores Taylor (born September 27th, 1932) is an American former film actress, writer and producer, known for her roles in the Billy Jack films of the 1970s.	Delores Taylor	1932
date of birth	Otto Luihn (15 March 1890 -- 3 March 1943) was a Norwegian newspaper editor, magazine editor and poet.	Otto Luihn	15 March 1890
date of birth	Nikol Hasler (born 15 March 1979) is an American internet content creator, producer, writer, and filmmaker known best for her work on Midwest Teen Sex Show, and her frank, direct, dark humor.	Nikol Hasler	15 March 1979
date of birth	Christos Tsigiridis (Greek: Χρίστος Τσιγγιρίδης, pronounced (ˈxristos tsiˈɟiriðis); 1877 - 1947) was a Greek electrical engineer and technological pioneer of his era.	Christos Tsigiridis	1877
date of birth	Michael Richard Lynch, OBE, FREng, DL, FRS (born 16 June 1965) is an entrepreneur with a scientific background.	Michael Richard Lynch	16 June 1965
date of birth	Tiffany Lam or Tiffany Lam Man Lei 林敏俐 (born 25 October 1980) is a former beauty queen hailing from San Francisco.	Tiffany Lam	25 October 1980
date of birth	Issa Hayatou (born 9 August 1946) is a Cameroonian former athlete and sports executive.	Issa Hayatou	9 August 1946
date of birth	Asclepiades of Samos (Sicelidas) (Greek: Ἀσκληπιάδης ὁ Σάμιος; born c. 320 BCE) was an ancient Greek epigrammatist and lyric poet who flourished around 270 BC. He was a friend of Hedylus and possibly of Theocritus.	Asclepiades of Samos	320 BCE
date of birth	Xavier Abraham is a Catalan poet, cultural activist and bookseller born in Palma de Mallorca, Spain in 1945.	Xavier Abraham	1945
date of birth	Luigi Pastega (Venice, 1858-1927) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre subjects.	Luigi Pastega	1858
date of birth	Yogesh 'Yogie' Krishna Chandra Maganti (born 6 September 1973) is an Indian director who works in Telugu film industry.	Yogie	6 September 1973
date of birth	Dominik Auliczek (or Dominikus, Dominic, Aulizek, 1 August 1734 - 15 April 1804) was a sculptor and porcelain designer born in Bohemia who was employed for many years by the porcelain factory at the Nymphenburg Palace, Munich, Bavaria.	Dominik Auliczek	1 August 1734
date of birth	Ward Nicholas Boylston (1747-1828; born Ward Hallowell), a descendent of the physician Zabdiel Boylston, was a man of wealth and refinement, a merchant, a philanthropist and a great benefactor of Harvard University.	Ward Nicholas Boylston	1747
date of birth	Penny Power OBE (born 29 February 1964) is a British author and speaker.	Penny Power	29 February 1964
date of birth	Holly Kenny (born 23 January 1995 in Leeds, England) is a British actress, best known for playing Sambuca Kelly in the BBC1 drama Waterloo Road from 2009 until the character was killed off in 2011.	Holly Kenny	23 January 1995
date of birth	Katerina Lemmel, née Imhoff (born 1466 in Nuremberg; died March 28, 1533 in Maihingen; also Katharina Lemmel, Katharina Lemlin) was a successful patrician businesswoman in Nuremberg who became a Birgittine nun at the monastery of Maria Mai in Maihingen in Nördlinger Ries.	Katerina Lemmel	1466
date of birth	Alena Sobaleva (Belarusian: Алена Собалева; née Navahrodskaya; born 11 May 1993) is a Belarusian athlete specialising in the hammer throw.	Alena Sobaleva	11 May 1993
date of birth	Mitch Hallahan (born 23 August 1992) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Mitch Hallahan	23 August 1992
date of birth	Cheuk Wan-chi (born 28 March 1979), also known as Vincci, G and GC Goo-Bi, is a Hong Kong media personality, stand-up comedian, master of ceremonies, and an occasional television pundit and talk show host.	Cheuk Wan-chi	28 March 1979
date of birth	Charles Lennox Stretch MLC (1797 -- 13 October 1882), known locally as ``Xolilizwe'' (``peacemaker''), was a humanitarian, philanthropist, and a prominent member of the Parliament of the Cape of Good Hope.	Charles Lennox Stretch	1797
date of birth	Sally Bedell Smith (born 1948) is an American historian and best selling author specializing in biographies of American political, cultural, and business leaders as well as members of the British Royal Family.	Sally Bedell Smith	1948
date of birth	Jim Manzi (born 1951) is the former chairman, president and CEO of Lotus Development Corporation and is currently a private investor in various technology start-up ventures.	Jim Manzi	1951
date of birth	Kris Lythgoe (born 10 May 1979 as Kristopher Michael Lythgoe) is an English and American television and theatre writer/producer known for creating and producing reality television shows such as Who Are You and So You Think You Can Dance.	Kris Lythgoe	10 May 1979
date of birth	Kirk Joseph (born 1961) is a jazz sousaphone player from New Orleans, Louisiana.	Kirk Joseph	1961
date of birth	William Nelson Gardiner (1766--1814) was an Irish engraver and bookseller, known for eccentricity.	William Nelson Gardiner	1766
date of birth	Wellington Luís de Sousa (born 11 February 1988), commonly known as Wellington, is a Brazilian footballer, who is currently playing for Avispa Fukuoka.	Wellington Luís de Sousa	11 February 1988
date of birth	Jesús Galván Carrillo (born 4 October 1974) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a right back, and a current coach.	Jesús Galván Carrillo	4 October 1974
date of birth	Joseph Berrini (born 14 October 1918) was an Italian-French racing cyclist.	Joseph Berrini	14 October 1918
date of birth	Danny Huwé (1 December 1943 -- c. 24 December 1989) was a Belgian journalist who was working for VTM, Vlaamse Televisie Maatschappij (English: Flemish Television Company), at the time of his death.	Danny Huwé	1 December 1943
date of birth	Keiron Self (born 1971 in Newport, Wales) is a Welsh actor and writer most famous for playing Roger Bailey, Jr. in the BBC sitcom My Family.	Keiron Self	1971
date of birth	Thomas Minns (born 4 September 1994) is a professional rugby league player for Super League side Hull KR.	Thomas Minns	4 September 1994
date of birth	Giovanni Maria Camilleri (15 March 1843 -- 7 November 1924) was a Maltese prelate who became the fifth bishop of Gozo.	Giovanni Maria Camilleri	15 March 1843
date of birth	Thea Halo (born 1941) is an American writer and painter of Assyrian and Greek heritage.	Thea Halo	1941
date of birth	Stephen Molumphy (born 11 January 1984) is an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Waterford senior team until he retired in 2014.	Stephen Molumphy	11 January 1984
date of birth	Wendi Michelle Scott (born 1975) is a Frederick, Maryland mother of two who was charged on November 16, 2007 with sickening her four-year-old daughter in a notable case of Münchausen syndrome by proxy.	Wendi Michelle Scott	1975
date of birth	Marina Sysoyeva (born 3 June 1959) is a retired high jumper who represented the USSR and later Kyrgyzstan.	Marina Sysoyeva	3 June 1959
date of birth	Sylvester Heereman van Zuydtwyck, LC (born 10 September 1974) is the former Vicar General of the Legion of Christ and currently serves on its council.	Sylvester Heereman	10 September 1974
date of birth	Edward Radtke (born 1962) is an American film director, screenwriter, and film producer.	Edward Radtke	1962
date of birth	Guy Lee Thys (born 20 October 1952) is a Belgian film producer, director, and screenwriter.	Guy Lee Thys	20 October 1952
date of birth	Tore Ruud Hofstad (born 9 August 1979) is a Norwegian cross-country skier who competed from 1998 to 2010.	Tore Ruud Hofstad	9 August 1979
date of birth	Tsedenbalyn Tümenjargal (Mongolian: Цэдэнбалын Түмэнжаргал; born 24 February 1989) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Tsedenbalyn Tümenjargal	24 February 1989
date of birth	Davis Arinaitwe (born 20 April 1987, in Mbarara) is an Ugandan cricketer who played in the 2004 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Bangladesh and the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka.	Davis Arinaitwe	20 April 1987
date of birth	Karl Gustav von Strandmann (Russian: Штрандман, Карл Густавович; 1786--1855) was a Russian German military officer, a general of the Imperial Russian Army.	Karl Gustav von Strandmann	1786
date of birth	Mark Neeld (born 13 July 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Richmond in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.	Mark Neeld	13 July 1971
date of birth	Richie Graham of Brackenhill (b. 1555) was a prominent Reiver active in the late sixteenth century.	Richie Graham	1555
date of birth	Alf Key (14 November 1897 -- 29 November 1977) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alf Key	14 November 1897
date of birth	Roy Fleetwood (* 1946 in London) is a British architect and designer.	Roy Fleetwood	1946
date of birth	John Shepreve (or Shepery) (1509?--1542) was an English classical scholar and Hebraist.	John Shepreve	1509
date of birth	Víctor Rodríguez Núñez (Havana, 1955) is a Cuban poet, journalist, literary critic and translator.	Víctor Rodríguez Núñez	1955
date of birth	Sergey Balovin (5 July 1984, Voronezh, Russia) is an artist and curator.	Sergey Balovin	5 July 1984
date of birth	Antoine L'Écuyer (born in 1997) is a French Canadian actor known for his lead role of Léon Doré in C'est pas moi, je le jure! for which he won the Best Actor Award at the Atlantic Film Festival.	Antoine L'Écuyer	1997
date of birth	Jukka Rousu (born 19 July 1980), better known by his stage name Jukka Poika, is a Finnish reggae artist.	Jukka Poika	19 July 1980
date of birth	Brett Ewels (born 15 September 1990), best known by his stage name Louis La Roche, is a French house/nu-disco/funk producer, remixer and DJ from Norwich, UK.	Louis La Roche	15 September 1990
date of birth	Annamaria Cancellieri (born 22 October 1943) is the former Italian minister of Interior and the former justice minister.	Annamaria Cancellieri	22 October 1943
date of birth	Elsa Núñez (born 1943) is a Dominican is an abstract artist whose work spans more than 50 years.	Elsa Núñez	1943
date of birth	Adrian James Martyn (born 1975), is a local historical writer in Galway, Ireland.	Adrian James Martyn	1975
date of birth	Leonard Knight Elmhirst (6 June 1893 -- 16 April 1974) was a philanthropist and agronomist who worked extensively in India.	Leonard Knight Elmhirst	6 June 1893
date of birth	Bridget Rowe (born 16 March 1950) is a former newspaper editor in the United Kingdom.	Bridget Rowe	16 March 1950
date of birth	Nicolae Țâu (born 25 March 1948) is a Moldovan politician who was Foreign Minister of Moldova between 1990 and 1993.	Nicolae Țâu	25 March 1948
date of birth	Martin Puhvel (born 9 December 1933 in Tallinn) is a literature researcher of Estonian origin.	Martin Puhvel	9 December 1933
date of birth	Amerio Chiara (born circa-1924 (age 90--91)) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy, and at club level for Torino XIII, as a Second-row, or Loose forward/Lock, i.e. number 11 or 12, or, 13.	Amerio Chiara	1924
date of birth	Red Haircrow (born 1972) is a writer, poet, journalist and activist of Chiricahua Apache and Cherokee descent.	Red Haircrow	1972
date of birth	Aleksandar Kopunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Копуновић, born 29 February 1976) is a Serbian football manager and former striker.	Aleksandar Kopunović	29 February 1976
date of birth	Johanna Klink (17 January 1903 -- February 2015) was a German supercentenarian, who was the oldest living person in Germany since the death of Frieda Szwillus on 21 September 2014.	Johanna Klink	17 January 1903
date of birth	Tamás Szabó (born 30 October 1956) is a controversial and former Hungarian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Tamás Szabó	30 October 1956
date of birth	Sim Tong Him (simplified Chinese: 沈同钦; traditional Chinese: 沈同欽; pinyin: Shěn Tóng Qīn; born 8 September 1948) is the member of Malaysian Parliament of Kota Melaka, after beating Wong Nai Chee with a majority 11,390 vote in the 12th Malaysian general election.	Sim Tong Him	8 September 1948
date of birth	Dharmendra (born Dharam Singh Deol on 8 December 1935) is an Indian film actor.	Dharmendra	8 December 1935
date of birth	Cevat Çobanlı (September 14, 1870 or 1871 -- March 13, 1938) was a military commander of the Ottoman Army, War Minister (Harbiye Nazırı) of the Ottoman Empire and a general of the Turkish Army.	Cevat Çobanlı	1870
date of birth	Bengt Ohlson, born 10 March 1943, is a Swedish former ice hockey player and manager.	Bengt Ohlson	10 March 1943
date of birth	Mary Isobel Catherine Bernadette O'Brien OBE (16 April 1939 -- 2 March 1999), known professionally as Dusty Springfield, was an English pop singer and record producer whose career extended from the late 1950s to the 1990s.	Dusty Springfield	16 April 1939
date of birth	Natty Hollmann (1939), also known as Natty Petrosino due to her husband's surname, is an Argentine philanthropist and humanitarian known for her advocacy and work for the indigent.	Natty Hollmann	1939
date of birth	Wael Jallouz (born 3 May 1991) is a Tunisian professional handballer, currently playing for FC Barcelona in the Spanish Liga ASOBAL.	Wael Jallouz	3 May 1991
date of birth	Peter Clifton (born 1945) is an Australian film director and producer, perhaps best known for directing the Led Zeppelin concert film The Song Remains the Same (1976).	Peter Clifton	1945
date of birth	William Seymour, 2nd Duke of Somerset, KG (1588 -- 24 October 1660) was an English nobleman and Royalist commander in the English Civil War.	William Seymour, 2nd Duke of Somerset	1588
date of birth	Francis Trevelyan Miller (1877--1959) was an American writer and film-maker.	Francis Trevelyan Miller	1877
date of birth	Aldo Dipetta (born 3 January 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Aldo Dipetta	3 January 1972
date of birth	Federica Felini (born 13 April 1983) is an Italian model, singer and television personality.	Federica Felini	13 April 1983
date of birth	Todd J. Campbell (born 1956) is a United States federal judge, of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee, he served as Chief Judge of the court from 2005-2012.	Todd J. Campbell	1956
date of birth	Thommie Bayer (Thomas Bayer-Heer, born 22 April 1953) is a German writer, musician and painter.	Thommie Bayer	22 April 1953
date of birth	Troy Neilson (born c. 1979) is a Canadian rapper based in Ottawa, Ontario, currently performing with the stage name Brockway Biggs.	Troy Neilson	1979
date of birth	Imrich Karvaš was born in Varšany, now Kalinčiakovo, on 25 February 1903.	Imrich Karvaš	25 February 1903
date of birth	Émile Boga Doudou (1952--September 19, 2002) was an Ivorian politician who served as Minister of State for the Interior and Decentralization from 2000 to 2002.	Émile Boga Doudou	1952
date of birth	Francis of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel (1492 -- 1529) (German: Franz von Braunschweig-Wolfenbüttel) was Bishop of Minden as Francis I from 1508 to 1529.	Francis of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel	1492
date of birth	Mohammad Reza Rasoul Korbekandi (Persian: رسول کربکندی‎‎, born 27 January 1953) is a retired Iranian football player and now manager.	Rasoul Korbekandi	27 January 1953
date of birth	Donna Maguire (born c. 1967 in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland) is a former volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) once described as Europe's most dangerous woman.	Donna Maguire	1967
date of birth	David Morales (born 21 August 1961) is an internationally acclaimed Grammy-winning American house music DJ and producer.	David Morales	21 August 1961
date of birth	Klemen Štimulak (born 20 July 1990) is a Slovenian racing cyclist, currently riding for UCI Continental team Adria Mobil.	Klemen Štimulak	20 July 1990
date of birth	Dave Tyack (born 4 March 1978, Hannover, Germany, died on an unknown date, probably in 2002) who also recorded under Dakota Oak, was a founding artist on the Twisted Nerve Records label.	Dave Tyack	4 March 1978
date of birth	Amrita Hunjan (born 25 June 1984) is a British-Indian model and singer.	Amrita Hunjan	25 June 1984
date of birth	Takanori Sugibayashi (Japanese: 杉林 孝法; born 14 March 1976) is a Japanese triple jumper.	Takanori Sugibayashi	14 March 1976
date of birth	Frederick August Wenderoth or F. A. Wenderoth (1819 -- 1884) was a German-born American painter and photographer.	Frederick August Wenderoth	1819
date of birth	Vaiko Eplik (born 1 August 1981) is an independent Estonian pop-composer, producer, singer and multi-instrumentalist.	Vaiko Eplik	1 August 1981
date of birth	Guy Bwele (born 16 February 1984 at Cameroon) is a Cameroon footballer.	Guy Bwele	16 February 1984
date of birth	Christopher Wolf (born Washington, DC 1954) is an American attorney specializing in Internet and privacy law.	Christopher Wolf	1954
date of birth	Chung Wai-ming (Chinese: 鍾偉明), MBE (17 July 1931 -- 27 November 2009) was an experienced Hong Kong broadcaster.	Chung Wai-ming	17 July 1931
date of birth	Hillel Halkin (Hebrew: הלל הלקין‎; born 1939) is an American-born Israeli translator, biographer, literary critic, and novelist, who has lived in Israel since 1970.	Hillel Halkin	1939
date of birth	Dipesh Chakrabarty (born 15 December 1948, Kolkata) is a historian, who has also made contributions to postcolonial theory and subaltern studies.	Dipesh Chakrabarty	15 December 1948
date of birth	Caroline Baird MBE (née Innes, born 14 March 1974) is a former athlete who represented Great Britain at three Paralympic Games.	Caroline Baird	14 March 1974
date of birth	Anja Monke (born 28 May 1977 in Herford) is a German professional golfer.	Anja Monke	28 May 1977
date of birth	Sabahattin Kalender (Taşlıca, Kosovo, 15 April 1919 - The Hague, 7 August 2012) was a Turkish composer.	Sabahattin Kalender	15 April 1919
date of birth	Orla Fitzgerald (born 1978) is an Irish actress who lives and works in London and focuses on the stage.	Orla Fitzgerald	1978
date of birth	Patricia Margaret Walker (born 8 February 1964), better known as Tricia Walker, is a contemporary British author who currently lives in Bournemouth, Dorset.	Tricia Walker	8 February 1964
date of birth	Delphine Van de Venne, (born 14 December 1974 in Kortrijk) is a Belgian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1990s.	Delphine Van de Venne	14 December 1974
date of birth	Lyon Playfair, 1st Baron Playfair GCB PC FRS (1 May 1818 -- 29 May 1898) was a Scottish scientist and Liberal politician.	Lyon Playfair, 1st Baron Playfair	1 May 1818
date of birth	Xie Pengfei (simplified Chinese: 谢鹏飞; traditional Chinese: 謝鵬飛; pinyin: Xiè Péngfēi; born 29 June 1993) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League.	Xie Pengfei	29 June 1993
date of birth	Heikki Hela (born 19 July 1964 in Aitolahti) is a Finnish entertainer, actor and musician, best remembered for his role in the early 1990s hit show Kummeli and his hit song ``Uneton Yö'', featured on his debut album, Kaikista Kaikkein.	Heikki Hela	19 July 1964
date of birth	Alexandre da Sagrada Família (Horta, 22 May 1737 -- Angra, 22 April 1818), born Alexandre José da Silva (sometimes referred to as António Ferreira da Silva in biographies), was the 25th Bishop of Angra, governing between 1816 until his death in 1818.	Alexandre da Sagrada Família	22 May 1737
date of birth	Brett Spinks (born 7 November 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles and Geelong in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.	Brett Spinks	7 November 1973
date of birth	Vishal Bhardwaj (born 4 August 1965) is an Indian film director, screenwriter, producer, music composer and playback singer.	Vishal Bhardwaj	4 August 1965
date of birth	Albert Edward Raynor (born 13 August 1932) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City.	Edward Raynor	13 August 1932
date of birth	Bartolo Valencia Ramos (born 1965) is a Colombian politician who has been the 9th Mayor of Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca, since elected in 2012.	Bartolo Valencia Ramos	1965
date of birth	Michael D. Ryan (1945 -- January 30, 2012) was an associate justice on the Arizona Supreme Court, a position he had held 2002-2010.	Michael D. Ryan	1945
date of birth	Denise Prins (born 22 February 1983) is a former Dutch international cricketer whose career for the Dutch national side spanned from 2004 to 2010.	Denise Prins	22 February 1983
date of birth	Tony Hurel (born 1 November 1987) is a French professional road and cyclo-cross racer who rides for UCI ProTeam Team Europcar.	Tony Hurel	1 November 1987
date of birth	Juan Manuel Bilbao Azkarreta, also known as Jon Bilbao or Jon Bilbao Azkarreta (31 October 1914 -- 23 May 1994) was a university instructor, a bibliographer, and an activist for Basque nationalism.	Jon Bilbao	31 October 1914
date of birth	Awusone Yekeni (born 23 June 1983) is a Ghanaian amateur boxer best known for winning a bronze medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games at heavyweight 201 lbs limit.	Awusone Yekeni	1983
date of birth	Milaim Rama (Serbo-Croat: Milajim Rama) (born 29 February 1976) is a former Swiss football player of Albanian descent.	Milaim Rama	29 February 1976
date of birth	The University of Memphis Tigers batboy, Stan Bronson, Jr. (born 19 July 1928), is known as a living legend in Tiger baseball, and now holds a place in history as the ``Most Durable Batboy'' ever, as approved by the 2008 edition of Guinness World Records.	Stan Bronson, Jr.	19 July 1928
date of birth	José Carlos de Sequeira Costa (born 18 July 1929, Luanda, Angola) is a Portuguese pianist who is especially renowned for his interpretations of the Romantic repertoire.	Sequeira Costa	18 July 1929
date of birth	Andy Roesch was born in Smithtown, New York in 1906, son of Main Street, Smithtown barbershop owner Andrew Roesch and his wife, Johanna Roesch.	Andy Roesch	1906
date of birth	Edward Backhouse was born in Darlington on 8 May 1808, the son of Mary and Edward Backhouse of Darlington.	Edward Backhouse	8 May 1808
date of birth	Algy Hay (2 October 1874 -- 28 August 1901) was a former Australian rules footballer.	Algy Hay	2 October 1874
date of birth	Omar Naim (Arabic: عمر نعيم‎; born 27 September 1977) is a Lebanese film director and screenwriter, perhaps best known for writing and directing the 2004 film The Final Cut.	Omar Naim	27 September 1977
date of birth	Paul Hay du Chastelet Junior, born 1619, died 1682?	Paul Hay du Chastelet Junior	1619
date of birth	Thomas Hengen (born 22 September 1974 in Landau in the Palatinate) is a former German football player.	Thomas Hengen	22 September 1974
date of birth	Joe Barza (born 11 August 1963) is a Lebanese chef, television personality, and culinary consultant.	Joe Barza	11 August 1963
date of birth	Pelle Strindlund (born 8 October 1971) is a Swedish writer and animal rights advocate.	Pelle Strindlund	8 October 1971
date of birth	James Callender Campbell (17 July 1838 -- 9 February 1916) was an Australian politician, member of the Victorian Legislative Council for South Eastern Province from 1895 to 1910.	James Callender Campbell	17 July 1838
date of birth	Jack Lean (15 September 1899 -- 23 December 1965) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Lean	15 September 1899
date of birth	Dame Sybil Phoenix DBE (born Sybil Marshall, 21 June 1927) is a British community worker.	Sybil Phoenix	21 June 1927
date of birth	Richard McGregor (born 1958) is a journalist, writer and author.	Richard McGregor	1958
date of birth	Gert Chesi (born 22 August 1940 in Schwaz, Tyrol) is an Austrian photographer, author, journalist and filmmaker.	Gert Chesi	22 August 1940
date of birth	David Jay Brown (born 1961) is an American writer, interviewer and consciousness researcher.	David Jay Brown	1961
date of birth	Marijana Goranović (born 3 January 1989) is a Montenegrin Paralympic shot putter.	Marijana Goranović	3 January 1989
date of birth	Norah Gorsen (born 1933 in Devon) is a retired British actress.	Norah Gorsen	1933
date of birth	Robbie Gall (17 July 1906 -- 19 December 1971) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Robbie Gall	17 July 1906
date of birth	Josep Pons (born Josep Pons i Viladomat; 1957) is a Spanish conductor.	Josep Pons	1957
date of birth	Shelagh McDonald (born 1948) is a Scottish folk singer, song-writer and guitarist who released two albums before her abrupt and mysterious disappearance in 1971.	Shelagh McDonald	1948
date of birth	Joseph Morris Bates (May 22, 1864 -- September 6, 1905), usually known as Morris Bates, was an English footballer.	Morris Bates	1864
date of birth	Ndiss Kaba Badji (born 21 September 1983) is a Senegalese athlete who competes in the long jump and triple jump.	Ndiss Kaba Badji	21 September 1983
date of birth	Genta Omotehara (表原 玄太; born 28 February 1996) is a Japanese football player.	Genta Omotehara	28 February 1996
date of birth	Matthew Laird (born 1977) is a Canadian academic, activist and politician.	Matthew Laird	1977
date of birth	Sir Julian Rose, 5th Baronet (born March 1947) is a leading exponent of organic farming.	Julian Rose	March 1947
date of birth	Davide Lanzafame (born 9 February 1987) is an Italian football striker/winger, who currently plays for Perugia in Serie B.	Davide Lanzafame	9 February 1987
date of birth	Russell Ebert OAM (born 22 June 1949) is acknowledged as one of the greatest players in the long history of Australian rules football.	Russell Ebert	22 June 1949
date of birth	Dato' Dr Afifi al-Akiti (born 1976), also known as Shaykh Afifi -- is the KFAS Fellow in Islamic Studies at the Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies.	Afifi al-Akiti	1976
date of birth	Andrew Burton (born 28 October 1974 in Waratah, Tasmania) is an Australian half-pipe snowboarder.	Andrew Burton	28 October 1974
date of birth	Joshua Neustein (born 1940) is a contemporary visual artist.	Joshua Neustein	1940
date of birth	Maharajadhiraj Raja Rajeshwar Sawai Shri Marthand Rao Holkar VIII Bahadur or Marthand Rao Holkar (1830-1849) belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas was briefly the Maharaja of Indore (Hokar State) (1833 - 1834).	Marthand Rao Holkar	1830
date of birth	Craig Balme (born 5 March 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Norwood in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Craig Balme	5 March 1961
date of birth	Tatsuya Oe (オオエタツヤ, born 1969) is a New York-based Japanese composer, recording artist, music producer, and DJ, best known for the moniker of Captain Funk.	Tatsuya Oe	1969
date of birth	Alan Hammonds (aka Jordy) is a British singer/songwriter who was born in Horden on 4 November 1955.	Alan Hammonds	4 November 1955
date of birth	İlyas Salman (born 14 January 1949) is a Turkish actor, film director, author, screenwriter and musician.	İlyas Salman	14 January 1949
date of birth	Ron Nagorcka (born 1948) is an Australian composer, didjeridu and keyboard player.	Ron Nagorcka	1948
date of birth	Iwan Benito Marvin Redan (born 21 August 1980), better known as Iwan Redan, is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker.	Iwan Redan	21 August 1980
date of birth	Lian Gerbino (born 13 August 1983 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine musician, musical producer and mixer.	Lian Gerbino	13 August 1983
date of birth	Liu Jianxu (traditional Chinese: 劉建緒; simplified Chinese: 刘建绪; pinyin: Liú Jiànxù; 2 October 1892 -- 22 March 1978), art-name Huixian (恢先), courtesy name Ziyang (子養), was a KMT general from Liling, Hunan.	Liu Jianxu	2 October 1892
date of birth	Mordechai Rechtman (Hebrew: מרדכי רכטמן‎; born 16 May 1926. -- ) is an Israeli bassoonist, conductor, educator and arranger.	Mordechai Rechtman	16 May 1926
date of birth	Rageh Omaar (/ˈræɡi ˈoʊmɑː/; Somali: Raage Omaar, Arabic: راجح عمر‎‎; born 19 July 1967) is a Somali-born British journalist and writer.	Rageh Omaar	19 July 1967
date of birth	William Lazonick (born in Toronto, Canada, on June 8, 1945) is an economist who studies innovation and competition in the global economy.	William Lazonick	1945
date of birth	Poul Pagh (14 February 1796 -- 30 November 1870) was a Danish merchant and shipowner who played an important role in developing industry and commerce in the city of Aalborg.	Poul Pagh	14 February 1796
date of birth	Andrea Stramaccioni (Italian pronunciation: (anˈdrɛːa stramatˈtʃoːni); born 9 January 1976) is an Italian football manager and a former footballer who is the current manager of Panathinaikos.	Andrea Stramaccioni	9 January 1976
date of birth	Anne Wafula Strike MBE (born 8 May 1969) is a Harlow-based British Paralympic wheelchair racer.	Anne Wafula Strike	8 May 1969
date of birth	Dr. Padma Subrahmanyam (born 4 February 1943, in Madras), is an Indian classical Bharata Natyam dancer.	Padma Subrahmanyam	4 February 1943
date of birth	Jim Muir (born 3 June 1948) is a British journalist, currently serving as a Middle East correspondent for BBC News, based in Beirut, Lebanon.	Jim Muir	3 June 1948
date of birth	Charlie Dupont (born 23 May 1971) is a Belgian actor who has appeared in film, television and theatre.	Charlie Dupont	23 May 1971
date of birth	Elizabeth Talbot, Countess of Shrewsbury (c. 1527-1608), known as Bess of Hardwick, was a notable figure of 16th century Elizabethan English society.	Bess of Hardwick	1527
date of birth	David Noel Robins, OAM(3 September 1935 -- 22 May 2003) was an Australian sailor.	Noel Robins	3 September 1935
date of birth	Judy Vernon (born 22 September 1945 in St. Louis, Missouri, United States) is an English former 100 metres hurdler.	Judy Vernon	22 September 1945
date of birth	Adrian Allen (born 7 January 1962, Sunderland) is a radio presenter, who is well known for his previous work at talk based radio station LBC 97.3.	Adrian Allen	7 January 1962
date of birth	Dominique Dupuis (born 1987), is a Canadian celtic music violinist.	Dominique Dupuis	1987
date of birth	Cyril Hilsum CBE FRS FREng HonFInstP (born 17 May 1925) is a British physicist and academic.	Cyril Hilsum	17 May 1925
date of birth	Dominic McGiveron (born 7 March 1996) is an English footballer footballer who plays for the Nike Academy club Nike Academy as an attacking midfielder.	Dominic McGiveron	7 March 1996
date of birth	Muhammad Amien Rais (born 26 April 1944) is a prominent Indonesian politician who led and inspired the reform movement that forced the resignation of President Suharto in 1998.	Amien Rais	26 April 1944
date of birth	Derek Mountford (24 March 1934 -- January 1994) was an English former footballer who played for Port Vale, Crewe Alexandra, Northwich Victoria and Stafford Rangers in the 1950s.	Derek Mountford	24 March 1934
date of birth	Martyn Chalk (born 30 August 1969) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Derby County, Stockport County and Wrexham.	Martyn Chalk	30 August 1969
date of birth	Marion Evans (born Marion Jones, 20 June 1935 in Rhymney, Monmouthshire), is a Welsh historian and writer.	Marion Evans	20 June 1935
date of birth	Sergio Stevanato (born 20 March 1943 in Venice-Italy), is an Italian businessman.	Sergio Stevanato	20 March 1943
date of birth	Manuel Velasco Coello (born 7 April 1980 in the capital Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the PVEM.	Manuel Velasco Coello	7 April 1980
date of birth	Roderick Watson (born 1943) is a Scottish poet, born in Aberdeen.	Roderick Watson	1943
date of birth	Georgios Grigoriou (Greek: Γεώργιος Γρηγορίου, born 1871, date of death unknown) was a Greek athlete.	Georgios Grigoriou	1871
date of birth	Cornelius Johannes du Preez de Villiers, also known as CJ de Villiers (born 16 March 1986) is a South African cricketer.	CJ de Villiers	16 March 1986
date of birth	Igor Mirčeta (Serbian Cyrillic: Игop Mиpчeтa, born 12 December 1986) is a Serbian footballer who last played for Strømmen in the Norwegian First Division as a midfielder .	Igor Mirčeta	12 December 1986
date of birth	Camillo Castiglioni (22 October 1879 -- 18 December 1957) was an Italian-Austrian financier and banker, and was the wealthiest man in Central Europe during World War I. Nicknamed ``Austrian Stinnes'', he was active in aviation's pioneering days and invested in the arts.	Camillo Castiglioni	22 October 1879
date of birth	Lynford Anderson aka Andy Capp (born 1941) is a Jamaican studio engineer, producer, and vocalist, best known for his 1968 hit ``Pop a Top''.	Lynford Anderson	1941
date of birth	Francesco Vitelli (1586--1646) was a Roman Catholic ecclesiastic in the papal service.	Francesco Vitelli	1586
date of birth	Garnett Stackelberg (b. 5 January 1910, Chadron, Nebraska: d.12 January 2005, Georgetown) was an American journalist and socialite.	Garnett Stackelberg	5 January 1910
date of birth	Igor Milić (Osijek, October 5, 1972) Croatian musician, instrumentalist, singer, record producer, arranger, composer and music teacher.	Igor Milić	1972
date of birth	Johann Siegfried Hufnagel (17 October 1724, Falkenwalde, Prenzlau district, Brandenburg -- 23 February 1795, Langenfeld, Sternberg district) was a German parson and entomologist (lepidopterist).	Johann Siegfried Hufnagel	17 October 1724
date of birth	Marc Remus (born 1969) is a German Neo-pop artist, painter, illustrator and author.	Marc Remus	1969
date of birth	Sir Charles Marston, F.S.A., K.St.J PEF (6 April 1867 -- 21 May 1946) was a successful businessman who funded several major archaeological excavations across Palestine between 1929-1938.	Charles Marston	1867
date of birth	Clodomir Santos de Morais, PhD (born 30 September 1928), is a Brazilian sociologist who originated the Organization Workshop (OW) and the associated Activity-based Large Group Capacitation Method (LGCM).	Clodomir Santos de Morais	30 September 1928
date of birth	Albert Stuivenberg (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈstœy̯və(n)bɛrx); born 5 August 1970) is a Dutch football coach and former player who works for English football club Manchester United as an assistant coach under manager Louis van Gaal.	Albert Stuivenberg	5 August 1970
date of birth	Noah Mozes (Hebrew: נח מוזס‎, 1912 -- October 7, 1985) was an Israeli newspaper publisher, and the long-time managing editor of the Israeli newspaper Yedioth Aharonoth.	Noah Mozes	1912
date of birth	Bent Jædig (28 September 1935 -- 9 June 2004) was a Danish jazz musician.	Bent Jædig	28 September 1935
date of birth	Athanasios Skaltsogiannis (Greek: Αθανάσιος Σκαλτσογιάννης, born 1878, date of death unknown) was a Greek athlete.	Athanasios Skaltsogiannis	1878
date of birth	Louise Gerrish (born 1948 in Livonia, Michigan) was a nationally renowned track and field athlete.	Louise Gerrish	1948
date of birth	Azean Irdawaty (27 February 1950 − 17 December 2013) was a Malaysian actress and singer, whose career spanned 40 years.	Azean Irdawaty	27 February 1950
date of birth	Martin Spelmann (born 21 March 1987) is a Danish professional footballer, who currently plays for the Turkish club Gençlerbirliği.	Martin Spelmann	21 March 1987
date of birth	Mário Garnero (Campinas, 15 August 1937) is a Brazilian entrepreneur.	Mário Garnero	15 August 1937
date of birth	Jozef Repčík (Hungarian: Repcsík József; born 3 August 1986 in Brezová pod Bradlom) is a Slovak athlete specializing in the 800 metres.	Jozef Repčík	3 August 1986
date of birth	Bert Sakmann (born 12 June 1942) is a German cell physiologist.	Bert Sakmann	12 June 1942
date of birth	Dener Assunção Braz (born 28 June 1991), simply known as Dener, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left back for Chapecoense, on loan from Coritiba.	Dener Assunção Braz	28 June 1991
date of birth	Spyros Vrettos (Greek: Σπύρος Βρεττός, born 1960 in the island of Lefkada) is a Greek poet.	Spyros Vrettos	1960
date of birth	Martin Retov (born 5 May 1980) is a Danish football coach and retired professional footballer.	Martin Retov	5 May 1980
date of birth	Indra Lorentzen (born 17 August 1956 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Norwegian dancer and choreographer with family roots on the mothers side, in Indonesia.	Indra Lorentzen	17 August 1956
date of birth	Yaakov Neeman (Hebrew: יעקב נאמן‎, born 16 September 1939) is an Israeli lawyer and a former Minister of Justice.	Yaakov Neeman	16 September 1939
date of birth	Richard Muirhead was born on 24 January 1972 and was brought up in both Adelaide, Australia until 1979.	Richard Muirhead	1972
date of birth	Captain John H. Ebersole, M.D., MC USN (26 January 1925 -- 23 September 1993) a pioneer in submarine medicine and radiation oncology.	John H. Ebersole	26 January 1925
date of birth	Robert Hegge (1599--1629) was an English academic and antiquary.	Robert Hegge	1599
date of birth	Diana Hartog (born 1950 in Sonora, California) is a Canadian poet and fiction writer.	Diana Hartog	1950
date of birth	Peter Terson (born 16 February 1932, Newcastle-upon-Tyne) is a British playwright whose plays have been produced for stage, television and radio.	Peter Terson	16 February 1932
date of birth	Björgvin Helgi Halldórsson (Alternate names: Bo Halldorsson, Björgvin Halldórsson or Bo Hall) (born 16 April 1951) is an Icelandic pop singer from Hafnarfjörður.	Björgvin Halldórsson	16 April 1951
date of birth	Suroso (born Sidoarjo, East Java, 24 April 1981) is an Indonesian footballer who plays for Arema Cronus.	Suroso	24 April 1981
date of birth	Manfred Siebald (born 26 October 1948 at Alheim-Baumbach) is a German singer-songwriter and Lecturer in American Studies in Mainz.	Manfred Siebald	26 October 1948
date of birth	Nicolas Farina (born 9 August 1986) is a French professional footballer who plays for Cholet mainly as a winger.	Nicolas Farina	9 August 1986
date of birth	Zia Mody (born 19 July 1956) is an Indian legal consultant.	Zia Mody	19 July 1956
date of birth	Chloe Maxwell (born 6 July 1976) is an Australian television presenter' and model most famous for as ``The Jeans West Girl'' in a Jeans West campaign.	Chloe Maxwell	6 July 1976
date of birth	Maria Magdalena Eek (1733--1800), was a Finnish pastry chef.	Maria Magdalena Eek	1733
date of birth	Eduardo Auyón, born in Canton, China in 1935, is an artist and cultural promoter.	Eduardo Auyón	1935
date of birth	Valentin Balakhnichev (Russian: Валентин Балахничев; born 23 April 1949) is a Russian engineer and athletics coach.	Valentin Balakhnichev	23 April 1949
date of birth	Marios Joannou Elia (born 19 June 1978), is a Cypriot composer and artistic director.	Marios Joannou Elia	19 June 1978
date of birth	Ray Ratto (born 1954) has been a San Francisco Bay Area sportswriter since the 1970s and a sports columnist since the 1980s.	Ray Ratto	1954
date of birth	Barbara Watson Andaya (born 7 June 1943) is an Australian historian and author who studies Indonesia and Maritime Southeast Asia.	Barbara Watson Andaya	7 June 1943
date of birth	Muhammad Moin Khan (Urdu: محمد معین خان‎; born 23 September 1971), popularly known as Moin Khan (Urdu: معین خان‎), is a former Pakistani cricketer, primarily a wicketkeeper-batsman, who remained a member of the Pakistani national cricket team from 1990 to 2004.	Moin Khan	23 September 1971
date of birth	Ian Hyland (born 23 September 1969, brought up in Chesterfield, Derbyshire) is an English television critic.	Ian Hyland	23 September 1969
date of birth	Curtis Stone (born 4 November 1975) is an Australian celebrity chef, author and television personality, nicknamed ``The Quiet Terminator'' by fans following his performance on The Celebrity Apprentice 3.	Curtis Stone	4 November 1975
date of birth	Giovanni Battista Buonamente (ca. 1595 -- 1642) was an Italian composer and violinist in the early Baroque era.	Giovanni Battista Buonamente	1595
date of birth	Brad Takairangi (born 14 June 1989) is an Australian rugby league player who currently plays for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League.	Brad Takairangi	14 June 1989
date of birth	Nassour Guelendouksia Ouaido (born 1947) is a Chadian politician who was Prime Minister of Chad from 1997 to 1999 and was President of the National Assembly of Chad from 2002 to 2011.	Nassour Guelendouksia Ouaido	1947
date of birth	Paul Sauvanet, born in 1950, is a French musician, pianist, composer, conductor and music professor.	Paul Sauvanet	1950
date of birth	Nina Myskow (born 18 May 1946, St Andrews, Scotland) is a Scottish journalist and TV celebrity who appeared on New Faces and was also a columnist for The Sun and The News of the World under the byline ``The Bitch on the box'' in the 1980s.	Nina Myskow	18 May 1946
date of birth	Marja-Liisa Kirvesniemi (née Hämäläinen; born 10 September 1955) is a Finnish former cross country skier.	Marja-Liisa Kirvesniemi	10 September 1955
date of birth	Eric Weissel (1903 -- 1972) was an Australian rugby league footballer, a state and national representative goal-kicking five-eighth.	Eric Weissel	1903
date of birth	George Pritchard Taylor (born Cambay, 1854; date of death unknown) was an Indian-born grammarian and numismatist of Northern-Irish family origin.	George Pritchard Taylor	1854
date of birth	Jason Mbote (born 5 January 1977) is a Kenyan athlete who specializes in long distance, especially half marathon and marathon distances.	Jason Mbote	5 January 1977
date of birth	Klaus Bugdahl (born 24 November 1934) is a retired German cyclist who was active between 1954 and 1978 both on the road and track.	Klaus Bugdahl	24 November 1934
date of birth	James Sherwood Westmacott (1823-1900) was a British sculptor during the 19th century and part of the Westmacott dynasty stemming from Richard Westmacott (the elder).	James Sherwood Westmacott	1823
date of birth	Thorsten Goldberg born 1960 in Dinslaken is a German multimedia artist.	Thorsten Goldberg	1960
date of birth	Stina Nordenstam (born Kristina Ulrika Nordenstam, 4 March 1969) is a Swedish singer, songwriter and musician.	Stina Nordenstam	4 March 1969
date of birth	James Albury (born 1 April 1986 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian pitcher for the Brisbane Bandits and the Oakland County Cruisers.	James Albury	1 April 1986
date of birth	Žanko Savov (Macedonian: Жанко Савов; born 14 September 1965) is a retired Macedonian football striker and a current football coach.	Žanko Savov	14 September 1965
date of birth	Professor Jon Billsberry (born September 1962 in London, England) is a British academic organisational psychologist at Deakin University.	Jon Billsberry	1962
date of birth	Mary Matilda Betham, known by family and friends as Matilda Betham (16 November 1776 -- 30 September 1852), was an English diarist, poet, woman of letters, and miniature portrait painter.	Mary Matilda Betham	1776
date of birth	Indriði Indriðason (born 1883; died August 31, 1912) was an Icelandic medium and Iceland's only physical medium.	Indriði Indriðason	1883
date of birth	Rajat Barmecha (born 24 April 1989) is an Indian film actor who is best known for his lead role in the 2010 Bollywood film Udaan.	Rajat Barmecha	24 April 1989
date of birth	Sheikh K. A. Amir Abedi (1924--1964) was the first African mayor of Dar es Salaam.	Amir Abedi	1924
date of birth	Harold Craig Melchert (born April 5, 1945) is an American linguist known particularly for his work on the Anatolian branch of Indo-European.	Craig Melchert	1945
date of birth	Olivia Del Rio (born 16 April 1969) is a Brazilian former pornographic actress, escort, and webcam model.	Olivia Del Rio	16 April 1969
date of birth	Rogério Rodrigues da Silva (born 14 March 1984 in Americana) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Linense, as a Centre back.	Rogério Rodrigues da Silva	14 March 1984
date of birth	Launi Skinner (born 1964) is a Canadian business woman, with 20 years of experience leading several high-profile companies within Canada and internationally, including Starbucks US, 1-800-GOT-JUNK?, and First West Credit Union.	Launi Skinner	1964
date of birth	Saint Gregory (Orologas) of Kydonies the Ethno-Hieromartyr, also Gregory of Cydoniae (Greek: Γρηγόριος Ωρολογάς Gregorios Orologas), 1864--1922, was a Greek Orthodox metropolitan bishop in the early 20th century in northwest Anatolia, in the Ottoman Empire.	Gregory (Orologas)	1864
date of birth	William Davenport Hulbert (1868--1913) was an American naturalist and writer of fiction.	William Davenport Hulbert	1868
date of birth	Neil Tetkowski (born 1955) is an artist, curator, educator, writer, philosopher and political activist.	Neil Tetkowski	1955
date of birth	Eleanor Butler (also known as Nell Butler or Irish Nell; born c. 1665) was an indentured white woman who married an African slave in colonial Maryland in 1681.	Eleanor Butler	1665
date of birth	Gerry Harvey (born 18 September 1939 in Springwood, New South Wales) is an Australian entrepreneur best known for being the executive chairman of Harvey Norman Holdings, a company which runs Australian retail chain Harvey Norman.	Gerry Harvey	18 September 1939
date of birth	Sardar Muhammad Ibrahim Khan was born on 10 April 1915 in a village called Kot Mattay Khan near Rawalakot.	Sardar Muhammad Ibrahim Khan	10 April 1915
date of birth	Percy Correll (1892-1974) was a mechanic and an assistant physicist on Sir Douglas Mawson's scientific expedition to Antarctica from 1911-1914, the Australasian Antarctic Expedition.	Percy Correll	1892
date of birth	Edith Cadivec (1880 - ?) was an Austrian teacher and notorious sex criminal.	Edith Cadivec	1880
date of birth	Max Rushden (born 18 April 1979) is an English television presenter who replaced Andy Goldstein as a co-presenter of Saturday morning Sky Sports show Soccer AM alongside Helen Chamberlain from August 2008.	Max Rushden	18 April 1979
date of birth	Abdelhadi Said (Arabic: عبد الهادي سعيد‎) (born 1974 in Marrakech) is a Moroccan poet.	Abdelhadi Said	1974
date of birth	Hubert Lafortune (born 24 November 1889, date of death unknown) was a Belgian gymnast who was part of the team that won silver at the 1920 Olympic Games in Antwerp.	Hubert Lafortune	24 November 1889
date of birth	Nikki Gordon-Bloomfield (born Nichola Harriet Bloomfield; 1 November 1979 in Great Yarmouth, England) is an English musician, presenter and journalist.	Nikki Gordon-Bloomfield	1 November 1979
date of birth	Nicole Dunsdon (born 1970) was the last person to win the Miss Canada competition before it was cancelled in 1992 due to changing times.	Nicole Dunsdon	1970
date of birth	Ven Myokyo-ni (born Irmgard Schloegl; January 29, 1921 - March 29, 2007) was a Rinzai Zen Buddhist nun and head of the Zen Centre in London.	Myokyo-ni	1921
date of birth	Emil Petrovici (Romanian pronunciation: (eˈmil ˈpetrovit͡ʃʲ); 1899--1968) was a Romanian linguist of partly Serbian origin (as visible from his last name), who studied both Romanian and Serbian languages.	Emil Petrovici	1899
date of birth	Caroline Criado-Perez, OBE (born 1984) is a Brazilian-born British feminist activist and journalist.	Caroline Criado-Perez	1984
date of birth	Viktoria Rebensburg (born 4 October 1989) is a German alpine ski racer and the 2010 Olympic gold medalist in the giant slalom.	Viktoria Rebensburg	4 October 1989
date of birth	Josef Meier (also P. Jos. Meier, Paul Jos. Meier, Joseph Meier, Paul Joseph Meier, Paul Josef Meier) (7 November 1874 -- 28 November 1945) was a missionary and ethnologist.	Josef Meier	7 November 1874
date of birth	Datuk Patinggi Tan Sri Dr. George Chan Hong Nam (simplified Chinese: 陈康南; traditional Chinese: 陳康南; pinyin: Chén Kāngnán; born 24 September 1936), was the former Deputy Chief Minister of Sarawak, state Industrial Development Minister and state Tourism and Heritage Minister.	George Chan Hong Nam	24 September 1936
date of birth	Bolesław Wysłouch (Polish pronunciation: (bɔˈlɛswaf ˈvɨswɔwx); 1855--1937) was a Polish nobleman, peasant advocate, a socialist, a senator and co-establisher of the original Polish Peasants Party.	Bolesław Wysłouch	1855
date of birth	Sandra Zimmerli (born 1965) from Panex VD is a Swiss ski mountaineer and radio journalist.	Sandra Zimmerli	1965
date of birth	Surat Ikramov (born in 1945) is an Uzbek human rights activist and a prominent critic of Uzbekistan's authoritarian government.	Surat Ikramov	1945
date of birth	Georgia Beikoff (born 13 May 1993) is an Australian Paralympic athletics competitor.	Georgia Beikoff	13 May 1993
date of birth	Élton Rodrigues Brandão or simply Élton (born 1 August 1985), is a Brazilian professional football player who currently plays for JEF United Chiba.	Élton Rodrigues Brandão	1 August 1985
date of birth	Carmen Arriagada García (Chillán Viejo, Bío Bío Region, 1807 -- Talca, Maule Region, January 12, 1888) was a Chilean writer.	Carmen Arriagada	1807
date of birth	MacDonald Taylor, Sr. (born 27 August 1957) is a United States Virgin Islands former international soccer player.	MacDonald Taylor, Sr.	27 August 1957
date of birth	Panayiotis Kokoras (Greek: Παναγιώτης Κόκορας; born 1974, Ptolemaida) is an internationally award-winning composer and computer music innovator.	Panayiotis Kokoras	1974
date of birth	Ian Olver AM (born 10 May 1953) is an Australian medical oncologist, cancer researcher and bio-ethicist.	Ian Olver	10 May 1953
date of birth	Darko Zorić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дарко Зорић; born 12 September 1993) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as midfielder for Borac Čačak, on loan from AEK Athens.	Darko Zorić	12 September 1993
date of birth	Marius de Vries (born 1961) is an English music producer and composer.	Marius de Vries	1961
date of birth	John Woodruff Simpson (1850 -- May 16, 1920) was a founding member of law firm Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, then titled Simpson, Thacher, & Barnum.	John Woodruff Simpson	1850
date of birth	Constantin Osoianu (born 1885 in Horeşti) was a Bessarabian politician.	Constantin Osoianu	1885
date of birth	Marie Helen Sjöholm (Swedish pronunciation: (heˈleːn ˈɧøːhɔlm)) (born 10 July 1970) is a Swedish singer, actress and musical theatre performer who lives in Gamla Enskede in Stockholm.	Helen Sjöholm	10 July 1970
date of birth	Ivan McKinley (born 15 June 1969) is a retired South African soccer player who played in Major League Soccer from 1996 to 2002 with the Tampa Bay Mutiny, the New England Revolution, the Miami Fusion and DC United.	Ivan McKinley	15 June 1969
date of birth	Ustad Ateeq Hussain Khan Bandanawazi Al-Hashmi Qawwal (Urdu: بنده نوازى قوال‎) (born 1980) is a classical sufiana Qawwal of Hyderabad India.He was born in Hyderabad.	Ateeq Hussain Khan	1980
date of birth	Bas Schouten (born 19 October 1994) in Hoorn is a Dutch auto racing driver.	Bas Schouten	19 October 1994
date of birth	Swathi Reddy (born 9 April 1987) is an Indian film actress and television presenter.	Swathi Reddy	9 April 1987
date of birth	Huang Ruo (黃若, Hainan 1976) is a Chinese-born American composer, pianist and vocalist who now lives in the United States.	Huang Ruo	1976
date of birth	Gloria Macarenko (born 1962) is a Canadian television and radio journalist.	Gloria Macarenko	1962
date of birth	Theodora Petraliphaina (Greek: Θεοδώρα Πετραλίφαινα), canonized as Saint Theodora of Arta (Greek: Αγία Θεοδώρα της Άρτας; ca. 1225 -- after 1270), was a consort of Epirus and an Orthodox Christian saint.	Theodora of Arta	1225
date of birth	Paul Hepker (b. Harare, Zimbabwe; 17 December 1967) - South African composer, musical director, pianist, best known for composing the score (with Mark Kilian) for the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2005.	Paul Hepker	17 December 1967
date of birth	Florence Harrison (1877--1955) was an Art Nouveau and Pre-Raphaelite illustrator of poetry and children's books.	Florence Harrison	1877
date of birth	Dr Henry Gee (born 24 April 1962 in London, England) is a British paleontologist and evolutionary biologist.	Henry Gee	1962
date of birth	Arne Nygård-Nilssen (5 April 1899 - 26 July 1958) was a Norwegian art historian, publicist and magazine editor.	Arne Nygård-Nilssen	5 April 1899
date of birth	John Balsir Chatterton (25 November 1804 -- 9 April 1871) was an English harpist.	John Balsir Chatterton	25 November 1804
date of birth	Yazathingyan (Burmese: ရာဇသင်္ကြန်, pronounced: (jàza̰ θɪ́ɴdʑàɴ); c. 1263 -- c. 1312/13) was a co-founder of Myinsaing Kingdom in present-day Central Burma (Myanmar).	Yazathingyan	1263
date of birth	Roswell King (1765 -- February 15, 1844) was an American businessman, planter, slave owner and industrialist.	Roswell King	1765
date of birth	Stratton Sclavos (born 1961) was chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer of VeriSign, a security services and network infrastructure company, until his resignation on May 29, 2007.	Stratton Sclavos	1961
date of birth	Eunice Gayson (born Eunice Sargaison, 17 March 1931) is an English actress best known for playing Sylvia Trench, James Bond's girlfriend in the first two Bond films (Dr. No and From Russia with Love).	Eunice Gayson	17 March 1931
date of birth	Sir William Benjamin Bowring Gammell, commonly known as Bill Gammell (born 29 December 1952) is a Scottish sportsman and industrialist.	Bill Gammell	29 December 1952
date of birth	Enoch Storer (18 May 1838 - 1 July 1880) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for Lancashire between 1865 and 1878.	Enoch Storer	18 May 1838
date of birth	Neil Carlill (born 20 March 1967 in Ripon, England), is an English singer, lyricist, poet, composer, and musician.	Neil Carlill	20 March 1967
date of birth	John Paul Cooper (3 October 1869 -- 3 May 1933) was an architect and a leading craftsman in the Arts and Crafts Movement, specialising in metalwork and jewellery.	John Paul Cooper	3 October 1869
date of birth	George Sotiropoulos (born 9 July 1977) is an Australian born mixed martial artist of Greek descent who previously fought in the UFC in their Lightweight division.	George Sotiropoulos	9 July 1977
date of birth	Nigel Howe (born 7 April 1958) is a British property developer, and the chief executive of Reading Football Club, who currently play in the SkyBet Championship in England.	Nigel Howe	7 April 1958
date of birth	Dr. Haji Mohd Puad Zarkashi (born 7 July 1957) was the Member of Parliament for the Batu Pahat constituency in the state of Johor from 2008 to 2013.	Mohd Puad Zarkashi	7 July 1957
date of birth	Dugald Drummond (1 January 1840 -- 8 November 1912) was a Scottish steam locomotive engineer.	Dugald Drummond	1 January 1840
date of birth	Jean-Martin Fortier (born 1978) is a Québécois farmer, author, educator and advocate for economically-viable sustainable agriculture.	Jean-Martin Fortier	1978
date of birth	Richard Dogbeh (1932--November 23, 2003), born Gbèmagon Richard Dogbeh in what is now Togo, was a novelist and educator.	Richard Dogbeh	1932
date of birth	María Emma Mejía Vélez (born 27 September 1953) is a Colombian politician, diplomat and journalist.	María Emma Mejía Vélez	27 September 1953
date of birth	``Jammin''' Joe LaRue (born 1960) is a competitive eater from Binghamton, New York who lives in @North Ogden Utah.	Joe LaRue	1960
date of birth	Leo the Deacon (born ca. 950) was a Byzantine historian and chronicler.	Leo the Deacon	950
date of birth	Ana Sasso (aka Ana Saso, born c. 1963) is Croatian former beauty pageant contestant and model.	Ana Sasso	1963
date of birth	Austin John Marshall (30 March 1937 -- 3 November 2013) was an English record producer, songwriter, poet and graphic artist, most notable for his work in developing folk music in Britain in the 1960s and 1970s.	Austin John Marshall	30 March 1937
date of birth	Paul Kraus was born in the camp on 20 October 1944.	Paul Kraus	20 October 1944
date of birth	Lee Young-pyo (Korean: 이영표; born 23 April 1977) is a retired South Korean footballer.	Lee Young-pyo	23 April 1977
date of birth	Kyprian Zochovskyj (Ukrainian: Кипріян Жоховський, Belarusian: Кіпрыян Жахоўскіі, Polish: Cyprian Żochowski) (1635--1693) was the Metropolitan of Kiev, Galicia and Russia of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church from 1674 to his death in 1693.	Kyprian Zochovskyj	1635
date of birth	Issam Abu Jamra (born 6 February 1937) is a retired Lebanese major general and a politician, who served as deputy prime minister in the cabinets of Michel Aoun and Fouad Siniora.	Issam Abu Jamra	6 February 1937
date of birth	Melanie Ellison née ``Craft'' (born 1969) is a novelist.	Melanie Ellison	1969
date of birth	María Alejandra Guzmán Carmona (born 4 October 1984), most known as María Alejandra, María Guzmán, or María Alejandra Guzmán, is a Dominican TV and Radio hostess, master of ceremonies, actress and model.	María Alejandra Guzmán	4 October 1984
date of birth	Jimmy Earl (born 1957) is an American jazz musician and composer.	Jimmy Earl	1957
date of birth	Johnny Kan (1906-1972) was a Chinese American restaurateur in Chinatown, San Francisco, ca 1950-1970.	Johnny Kan	1906
date of birth	Stephen Hearst CBE (born Stephen Hirshtritt 6 October 1919 -- 27 March 2010) was an Austrian-born British television and radio executive.	Stephen Hearst	6 October 1919
date of birth	Ajmal Amirov (born 16 September 1985) is a Tajikistani athlete specializing in middle-distance events.	Ajmal Amirov	16 September 1985
date of birth	Leandro Sales de Santana, better known as Leozinho (born 12 December 1985 in São Luís), is a Brazilian footballer who last played for Denizlispor in Turkey.	Leozinho	12 December 1985
date of birth	Menelaos Psarrakis (Greek: Μενέλαος Ψαρράκης, born 1910, date of death unknown) was a Greek fencer.	Menelaos Psarrakis	1910
date of birth	Larry R. Thompson (born 1947) is the current president of Ringling College of Art plus Design in Sarasota, Florida.	Larry R. Thompson	1947
date of birth	Charles Scriven (born 1945, Prineville, Oregon) is a Seventh-day Adventist theologian who served as President of Kettering College from 2000 through 2013.	Charles Scriven	1945
date of birth	Valentina Scandolara (born 1 May 1990 in Soave) is an Italian road bicycle racer for UCI women's team Orica-AIS.	Valentina Scandolara	1 May 1990
date of birth	Fayyazuddin or Fayyaz Uddin, HI (Urdu: فيا ض ا لدين) (born 10 November 1930), is a Pakistani theoretical physicist and an Emeritus Professor of Theoretical and Mathematical Physics at National Centre for Physics and Quaid-e-Azam University, Islamabad.	Fayyazuddin	10 November 1930
date of birth	Mindy Baha El Din (1 November 1958 - 18 March 2013) was an American-born Egyptian ornithologist, eco-activist, and environmentalist.	Mindy Baha El Din	1 November 1958
date of birth	Latoya Nontokozo Buthelezi (born 5 February 1990), better known to many by her stage name Toya Delazy, is a South African singer, pianist, dancer and performer from KwaZulu-Natal.	Toya Delazy	5 February 1990
date of birth	Franciszek Smuda (Polish pronunciation: (franˈt͡ɕiʂɛk ˈsmuda), born 22 June 1948) is a Polish football coach and former footballer who also holds a German passport.	Franciszek Smuda	22 June 1948
date of birth	Warren Sye (born 1956) is a Canadian amateur golfer who has won several important championships.	Warren Sye	1956
date of birth	Xavier Buff (born 16 December 1971) is a French mathematician, specializing in dynamical systems.	Xavier Buff	16 December 1971
date of birth	Matthias Herget (born 14 November 1955) is a retired German footballer who played as a sweeper.	Matthias Herget	14 November 1955
date of birth	John Samuel Agar (1773--1858), was an English portrait painter and engraver, who exhibited his works at the Royal Academy from 1796 to 1806 and at the British Institution until 1811.	John Samuel Agar	1773
date of birth	Janine Murray (born 10 March 1990) is a Zimbabwean born Australian rhythmic gymnast.	Janine Murray	10 March 1990
date of birth	Qin Zhihui (Chinese: 秦志晖) (born December 1983), also known under the pseudonym Qin Huohuo (Chinese: 秦火火; literally: ``Fire Fire Qin''), has been described as an internet celebrity and as a rumor monger.	Qin Huohuo	December 1983
date of birth	Gonzalo Rodríguez de las Varillas (1270-1345) was a Spanish nobleman, founder of the Chapel San Juan Bautista, Parish of Santo Tomé.	Gonzalo Rodríguez de las Varillas	1270
date of birth	C. Tyler Prochnow (born 1966, Port Chester, New York) is an American lawyer and sports agent who was the founder, co-owner and first president of the Kansas City Brigade of the Arena Football League.	Tyler Prochnow	1966
date of birth	Jules François Archibald, known as J. F. Archibald, (14 January 1856 -- 10 September 1919 Sydney), Australian journalist and publisher, was co-owner and editor of The Bulletin during the days of its greatest influence in Australian politics and literary life.	J. F. Archibald	14 January 1856
date of birth	Malcolm Donald (1877--1949) was an American lawyer and a founder of the Pioneer Fund.	Malcolm Donald	1877
date of birth	Georges Chihane (born 31 May 1953 in Haret Sakhr, Lebanon) is the current bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Cairo.	Georges Chihane	31 May 1953
date of birth	Gábor Heritesz (Budapest, 1948) well-known sculptor.	Gábor Heritesz	1948
date of birth	Jan Ponętowski (c. 1540--c.1598) was a Polish politician, diplomat and academic.	Jan Ponętowski	1540
date of birth	Ian Birtwell (born 1944) is an English rugby union coach and a former player.	Ian Birtwell	1944
date of birth	Melvyn Gale (born 15 January 1952, London) is an English cellist.	Melvyn Gale	15 January 1952
date of birth	Anthony Simcoe (born 7 June 1969) is an Australian actor, best known for his portrayal of Ka D'Argo in the science fiction television series Farscape.	Anthony Simcoe	7 June 1969
date of birth	Ram Soffer (6 September 1965) is an Israeli chess grandmaster with Elo rating 2475 in 2008.	Ram Soffer	6 September 1965
date of birth	Oleksandr Mandzyuk (Ukrainian: Олександр Васильович Мандзюк; born 10 January 1983 in Vilino, Crimea Oblast, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian footballer.	Oleksandr Mandzyuk	10 January 1983
date of birth	Karin Adelsköld, (born 13 July 1973) is a Swedish stand-up comedian and television presenter.	Karin Adelsköld	13 July 1973
date of birth	Julia Sebastian (born 23 November 1993) is an Argentinian breaststroke swimmer who won a gold and a silver medal at the 2014 South American Games.	Julia Sebastian	23 November 1993
date of birth	Aidan Price (born 8 December 1981) is an Irish football coach and former player who is currently manager of Shamrock Rovers under 17's.	Aidan Price	8 December 1981
date of birth	Kobi Hassan (Hebrew: קובי חסן‎; born 26 September 1978) is an Israeli footballer.	Kobi Hassan	26 September 1978
date of birth	Christian Schocher (born 1946) is a Swiss independent filmmaker and cinema operator best known for his monumental odyssey Reisender Krieger (Travelling salesman Krieger or Travelling Warrior, 1981).	Christian Schocher	1946
date of birth	Dóra Ivanics (born 29 June 1994 in Balassagyarmat) is a Hungarian handballer who playd for Váci NKSE as a left back til Jule of 2014.	Dóra Ivanics	29 June 1994
date of birth	Dan Holdsworth (born in 1974 in Welwyn Garden City, England) is a British photographer who creates large-scale photographs and digital art characterized by the use of traditional techniques and unusually long exposure times, and by radical abstractions of geography.	Dan Holdsworth	1974
date of birth	Wayne Larkins (born 22 November 1953, Roxton, Bedfordshire, England) is a former English cricketer, who represented Northamptonshire, Durham and Bedfordshire as an opening batsman throughout his career.	Wayne Larkins	22 November 1953
date of birth	Movladi Baisarov (1966 - November 18, 2006) was a Chechen warlord and former Federal Security Service (FSB) special-task unit commander.	Movladi Baisarov	1966
date of birth	Peter Biker (born 10 May 1961) is a Danish record producer and songwriter.	Peter Biker	10 May 1961
date of birth	Dr.Adnan Bin Abdullah Al Mazrooa (born 6 March 1954) Director of Taibah University since 27 Rabi 1433 AH, corresponding to March 20, 2012 till now.	Adnan Bin Abdullah Al Mazrooa	6 March 1954
date of birth	Koushik Bhattacharjee (Bengali: কৌশিক ভট্টাচার্য) (born 1975) is a prominent Indian Classical vocalist and teacher at Doverlane Music Academy, Manindra Sangeet Tirtha, Bhowanipur Sangeet Sammilan.	Koushik Bhattacharjee	1975
date of birth	Nahum Nir-Rafalkes (Hebrew: נחום ניר‎, 17 March 1884 -- 10 July 1968) was a Zionist activist, Israeli politician and one of the signatories of the Israeli declaration of independence.	Nahum Nir	17 March 1884
date of birth	Roman Juszkiewicz (9 August 1952 -- 28 January 2012) was a Polish astrophysicist whose work concerned fundamental issues of cosmology.	Roman Juszkiewicz	9 August 1952
date of birth	John Sloane (1779 -- May 15, 1856) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio and later the Treasurer of the United States.	John Sloane	1779
date of birth	Kirsten Klein (born 1945) is a Danish photographer who since the mid-1970s has lived on the island of Mors.	Kirsten Klein	1945
date of birth	Babette March (born 1941 (age 74--75)), pronounced Marx, born Barbara Marchlowitz, formerly Babette Russell, or simply Babette, who is now known by the name Babette Beatty, was the first Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue cover model.	Babette March	1941
date of birth	Masatake Kuranishi (倉西 正武 Kuranishi Masatake, born 19 July 1924, Tokyo) is a Japanese mathematician who works on several complex variables, partial differential equations, and differential geometry.	Masatake Kuranishi	19 July 1924
date of birth	Samuel Lynes (1822 -- July 29, 1878) was Warden of the Borough of Norwalk, Connecticut from 1853 to 1855, from 1859 to 1860, and from 1871 to 1872.	Samuel Lynes	1822
date of birth	Lea Stevens (born 15 June 1947) is an Australian politician and was the sitting Labor party member for the electoral district of Little Para from the 1994 Elizabeth by-election to the 2010 state election.	Lea Stevens	15 June 1947
date of birth	Jacqueline Taylor (born 1951) is an author and educator who lives in Chicago, Illinois.	Jacqueline Taylor	1951
date of birth	John V, Count of Oldenburg and Delmenhorst (also counted as John XIV, including also non-ruling namesake siblings; 1460, Oldenburg -- 10 February 1526, Oldenburg) was a member of the House of Oldenburg.	John V, Count of Oldenburg	1460
date of birth	Alia Saeed Mohammed (born Medina Kadir on 18 May 1991 in Ethiopia) is a long-distance runner who competes for the United Arab Emirates.	Alia Saeed Mohammed	18 May 1991
date of birth	Pádraic Quinn, retired Irish sportsperson, entrepreneur and TV presenter, born 1974.	Pádraic Quinn	1974
date of birth	Peter Auer (born 1954) is a professor of linguistics at the University of Freiburg in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.	Peter Auer	1954
date of birth	Li Rubai (李如柏) (1553 - 1619) was a general of the Ming Dynasty.	Li Rubai	1553
date of birth	John Ireland Falconer was born on 30 November 1879, in Fortrose, Ross-shire, in the Black Isle area of Scotland.	John Ireland Falconer	30 November 1879
date of birth	Abby Joseph Cohen (born February 29, 1952) is an American economist and financial analyst on Wall Street.	Abby Joseph Cohen	1952
date of birth	Lili Boniche (Élie Boniche, 1921 -- March 6, 2008) was an Algerian singer of Andalusian-Arab music.	Lili Boniche	1921
date of birth	Andrew Kuster (b. 1969) was born in Madison, Wisconsin, the son of Thomas and Judy Kuster.	Andrew Kuster	1969
date of birth	Arild Retvedt Øyen (born 19 March 1946) is a Norwegian veterinarian and diplomat.	Arild Retvedt Øyen	19 March 1946
date of birth	Henry Stebbing (1687--1763) was an English churchman and controversialist, who became archdeacon of Wilts.	Henry Stebbing	1687
date of birth	Shih-Hui Chen (陳士惠) (born 1962) is a Taiwanese composer who lives and works in the United States.	Shih-Hui Chen	1962
date of birth	Craig Trindall (born 8 May 1979 in Wee Waa, New South Wales) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Penrith Panthers of the National Rugby League.	Craig Trindall	8 May 1979
date of birth	Erik Wijmeersch (born 23 January 1970) is a Belgian former track and field athlete who competed in sprinting events.	Erik Wijmeersch	23 January 1970
date of birth	Toby Curwen-Bingley (born 27 October 1998), better known by his stage name Curbi, is a British producer and musician.	Curbi	27 October 1998
date of birth	André Gaudin (born 1875) was a French rower who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century.	André Gaudin	1875
date of birth	Barbara Rose Johns (1935--1991) was a young, American civil rights leader-pioneer and the niece of one of the ``fathers of the Civil Rights Movement,'' Vernon Johns.	Barbara Rose Johns	1935
date of birth	Jesús Antonio Mora Nieto (born 24 January 1978), known as Jesuli, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a winger.	Jesuli	24 January 1978
date of birth	Roeland Raes (born 4 September 1934) is a Belgian politician, a former senator for and vice president of the political party Vlaams Blok.	Roeland Raes	4 September 1934
date of birth	Rabbi Moshe Havlin (born in 1948, Jerusalem) is the Chief Rabbi of southern Israeli town of Kiryat Gat.	Moshe Havlin	1948
date of birth	Marianne Straub OBE (23 September 1909 -- 8 November 1994) was one of the leading commercial designers of textiles in Britain in the period from the 1940s to 1960s.	Marianne Straub	23 September 1909
date of birth	Euphemia Leslie (1508-1570) was a Scottish prioress.	Euphemia Leslie	1508
date of birth	Jane McGregor (born 1983) is a Canadian actress, best known for her roles in Slap Her...	Jane McGregor	1983
date of birth	Patrice Riemens (born 1950) is a geographer and currently the Fellow of the Waag Society in Amsterdam.	Patrice Riemens	1950
date of birth	Henry Kelsey (c. 1667 -- 1 November 1724), aka the Boy Kelsey, was an English fur trader, explorer, and sailor who played an important role in establishing the Hudson's Bay Company in Canada.	Henry Kelsey	1667
date of birth	Christophe Héral (born 1960) is a French film and video game composer.	Christophe Héral	1960
date of birth	Jozef Migaš (born 7 January 1954) is a Slovak politician who was Speaker of National Council of the Slovak Republic from 1998 to 2002, during the government of Mikuláš Dzurinda.	Jozef Migaš	7 January 1954
date of birth	Mary Louise Cowan (née Shillingburg; December 22, 1916 -- November 16, 2015) was a Texas-born critic and teacher, and wife of the late physicist, teacher, and university president Donald Cowan (author of Unbinding Prometheus).	Louise Cowan	1916
date of birth	Betty Olivero (Hebrew: בטי אוליברו‎; b. 16 May 1954) is an Israeli music educator and composer.	Betty Olivero	16 May 1954
date of birth	Dodë Gjergji (born 16 January 1963) is an Albanian Kosovar prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Dodë Gjergji	16 January 1963
date of birth	José Augusto Delgado (born 7 June 1938) is a Brazilian Justice.	José Augusto Delgado	7 June 1938
date of birth	'Michael Speaks' (born in 1977) is a R&B and Gospel singer/songwriter originally from Benton Harbor, Michigan.	Michael Speaks	1977
date of birth	Norma Khouri is the pen name of author Norma Bagain Toliopoulos (born Norma Bagain in Jordan in 1970).	Norma Khouri	1970
date of birth	Marcos Gueiros (born 16 January 1970 in Belém) is a Brazilian racing driver who has competed in the International Formula 3000 series.	Marcos Gueiros	16 January 1970
date of birth	Luís Filipe Loureiro Comparato, known as Doc Comparato (Rio de Janeiro, 1949), is a writer of miniseries and television series and writer of Brazilian cinema.	Doc Comparato	1949
date of birth	Denys Cazet (born 1938) is a French-American illustrator and writer of at least 25 children's picture books, including the Minnie and Moo series for beginning readers.	Denys Cazet	1938
date of birth	Guillermo Sapiro (born 1966) is a computer scientist, electrical engineer and professor who has made notable contributions to image processing.	Guillermo Sapiro	1966
date of birth	Martin Aitchison (born 1919) was an illustrator for the Eagle comic from 1952 to 1963, and then one of the main illustrators for Ladybird Books from 1963 to 1990.	Martin Aitchison	1919
date of birth	Caitlin De Wit (born 19 June 1987) is a 3.0 point Australian wheelchair basketball player.	Caitlin De Wit	19 June 1987
date of birth	Jack Lee Harelson (1940 - December 14, 2012) was an American insurance agent, best known for desecrating and looting a Paiute Indian burial site in the Black Rock Desert of Nevada.	Jack Lee Harelson	1940
date of birth	Enrique Ghersi (born 1961) is a Peruvian lawyer, professor and free market intellectual.	Enrique Ghersi	1961
date of birth	Simon Gallaher (born 24 October 1958) is an Australian singer, actor, director and pianist.	Simon Gallaher	24 October 1958
date of birth	Group Captain Francis Victor Beamish DSO & Bar, DFC, AFC (27 September 1903 -- 28 March 1942) was a Royal Air Force fighter pilot and flying ace of the Second World War.	Victor Beamish	27 September 1903
date of birth	Jan Rusinek (born 2 December 1950) is a Polish mathematician and chess composer, particularly noted for his brilliant endgame studies.	Jan Rusinek	2 December 1950
date of birth	Ahmed Sofa (30 June 1943 -- 28 July 2001) was a Bangladeshi poet, novelist, writer, critic, translator and intellectual.	Ahmed Sofa	30 June 1943
date of birth	Daniela Schulte (born 30 June 1982 in Berlin) is a German Paralympic swimmer, competing in the S11 class.	Daniela Schulte	30 June 1982
date of birth	Séanna Breathnach (English: Séanna Walsh; born 1957) is an Irish republican and a former volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA).	Séanna Breathnach	1957
date of birth	Rasheed Bhatti (born 2 May 1952) is a Pakistani former first-class cricketer who played for Lahore cricket team.	Rasheed Bhatti	2 May 1952
date of birth	Ernest Albert Savage (1877--1966) was Principal Librarian of Edinburgh Public Libraries from 1922 to 1942, President of the Scottish Library Association from 1929 to 1931, and President of the Library Association (now CILIP) in 1936.	Ernest Albert Savage	1877
date of birth	Vilen Künnapu (born 30 June 1948) is one of the most important Estonian architects of the last three decades, among the first postmodernist theoreticians and architects in the 1970s.	Vilen Künnapu	30 June 1948
date of birth	Anne Bochatay (born 1968) is a Swiss ski mountaineer and Police officer in Andermatt.	Anne Bochatay	1968
date of birth	Delia Ducoing, better known as Delia Ducoing de Arrate or Isabel Morel (1885-?), was a Chilean writer, journalist, editor and feminist activist.	Isabel Morel	1885
date of birth	James J. Kilroy (1902--1962) was a worker at the Fore River Shipyard who is believed to be the origin of the ``Kilroy was here'' expression.	James J. Kilroy	1902
date of birth	Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum (1906 -- 1988), was the daughter of Leul Ras Seyoum Mengesha, Prince of Tigray, KBE, and great-granddaughter of Emperor Yohannes IV of Ethiopia.	Wolete Israel Seyoum	1906
date of birth	Major Cecil Wedgwood, DSO (28 March 1863-3 July 1916) was a British soldier and partner in the Wedgwood pottery firm.	Cecil Wedgwood	1863
date of birth	Antony William Paul Sage, known as Tony Sage (born 26 June 1960), is a supremely successful Western Australian businessman.	Tony Sage	26 June 1960
date of birth	Septimus Brutton (26 July 1869 -- 29 September 1933) was an English cricketer.	Septimus Brutton	26 July 1869
date of birth	Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece, Prince of Denmark, RE (Greek: Παύλος; born 20 May 1967) is the eldest son of Constantine II, who was King of the Hellenes from 1964 to 1973.	Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece	20 May 1967
date of birth	Ulrica Persson, born 7 March 1975, is a Swedish cross-country skier.	Ulrica Persson	7 March 1975
date of birth	Janey Lee Grace, (born 4 March 1960) is an English singer, author, television (VH-1 and ITV) presenter and radio disc jockey, firstly with Virgin Radio as a travel reporter and then graduating to her own late night show for the station.	Janey Lee Grace	4 March 1960
date of birth	Grass Wonder (Japanese グラスワンダー, foaled 18 February 1995) is an American-bred, Japanese-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.	Grass Wonder	18 February 1995
date of birth	Gustave Campiche (August 1809, La Sagne -- 1871, Sainte-Croix in the canton of Vaud) was a Swiss physician best known for his work in the fields of geology and paleontology.	Gustave Campiche	August 1809
date of birth	Lawrence Bush (born 1951) is the author of several books of Jewish fiction and non-fiction, including Waiting for God:	Lawrence Bush	1951
date of birth	Daniel Marian Vanghelie (born 1968 in Bucharest) is a Romanian politician, being the mayor of the 5th Sector of Bucharest since 2000 and a prominent member of the Romanian Social Democratic Party.	Marian Vanghelie	1968
date of birth	Emil Atlason (born 22 July 1993) is an Icelandic footballer, who currently plays for Þróttur Reykjavík on loan from KR Reykjavík.	Emil Atlason	22 July 1993
date of birth	Aryeh Carmell (1917--2006) was an Orthodox rabbi, scholar, and author.	Aryeh Carmell	1917
date of birth	Musola Cathrine Kaseketi (born 1968) is a Zambian film-maker and human rights activist.	Musola Cathrine Kaseketi	1968
date of birth	Zhou Chengjian (Chinese: 周成建, born 1966), is a Chinese textile industrialist.	Zhou Chengjian	1966
date of birth	William Gilbert Rees (6 April 1827 -- 31 October 1898) was an explorer, surveyor, and early settler in Central Otago, New Zealand.	William Gilbert Rees	6 April 1827
date of birth	Prof. Dr. Yücel Oğurlu (born 1970) is a Turkish jurist, lawyer and professor of Administrative Law.	Yücel Oğurlu	1970
date of birth	Aluf Amir Eshel (Hebrew: אמיר אשל‎; born 1959) is an Israeli general who serves as the current Commander of the Israeli Air Force.	Amir Eshel	1959
date of birth	Joel Romelo (born 3 April 1989) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Eastern Suburbs Tigers of the Queensland Cup.	Joel Romelo	3 April 1989
date of birth	Evelina Vorontsova (Russian: Эвелина Воронцова; born 19 April 1972 in Moscow) is a Russian/Dutch concert pianist and pedagogue.	Evelina Vorontsova	19 April 1972
date of birth	Matthew Hoyle (born 26 April 1991) is a British motorcycle racer who has competed in the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup and the 125cc World Championship.	Matthew Hoyle	26 April 1991
date of birth	Felipe Suau (born 1991) is a Chilean copywriter, electronic music producer and DJ. He is well known for his work in the electronic, house and avantpop genres.	Felipe Suau	1991
date of birth	Susanna Heron (b. 1949 -- ) hon FRIBA is a British artist who works primarily between drawing, sculpture, scale and movement.	Susanna Heron	1949
date of birth	Johnny Silvo (born John Woods; 2 December 1936 -- 19 December 2011) was a British folk and blues singer.	Johnny Silvo	2 December 1936
date of birth	Marcus Buckland (born 1967) has been one of Sky Sports main presenters for 15 years.	Marcus Buckland	1967
date of birth	Aristeidis Dosios (Greek: Αριστείδης Δόσιος; 1844--1881) was a Greek economist, author and banker, best known for his attempted assassination of Queen Amalia.	Aristeidis Dosios	1844
date of birth	Shib Narayan Das (born 16 December 1946) is the designer of the first national flag of Bangladesh.	Shib Narayan Das	16 December 1946
date of birth	María Teresa Ronderos Gerson Arias (born 1959) is a Colombian journalist best known for her work on the magazine, ``Semana''.	María Teresa Ronderos	1959
date of birth	Eddie Kamae (born 4 August 1927) is one of the founding members of Sons of Hawaii.	Eddie Kamae	4 August 1927
date of birth	Margret Nissen (born 19 June 1938 as Margarete Speer) is a German photographer.	Margret Nissen	19 June 1938
date of birth	Charles Q. Brown Jr. (born 1962) is commander of the United States Air Forces Central Command, Southwest Asia.	Charles Q. Brown Jr.	1962
date of birth	Martin Ďurinda (also known as Maťo Ďurinda born 8 November 1961) is the vocalist/lead singer/lead/rhythm guitarist for the Slovak hard rock/heavy metal band Tublatanka.	Martin Ďurinda	8 November 1961
date of birth	Dirk de Graeff van Polsbroek was born at Amsterdam on 28 August 1833 as a son of Gerrit de Graeff (IV.) Squire of Zuid-Polsbroek, Purmerland and Ilpendam and Carolina Ursulina Stephania Engels.	Dirk de Graeff van Polsbroek	28 August 1833
date of birth	Murray Myers (Born - February 9, 1952) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward.	Murray Myers	1952
date of birth	César Thomson (18 March 1857 -- 21 August 1931) was a Belgian violinist, teacher and composer.	César Thomson	18 March 1857
date of birth	Nadeen L. Kaufman (born January 1945) is an American psychology professor known for her work on learning disability.	Nadeen L. Kaufman	1945
date of birth	Nathaniel Lucas (1764--1818) was a convict transported to Australia on the First Fleet.	Nathaniel Lucas	1764
date of birth	Ivan Namaseb (born 22 June 1985) is a Namibian international football defender.	Ivan Namaseb	22 June 1985
date of birth	Milan Brzý (born 7 May 1969) is a Czech former ice dancer.	Milan Brzý	7 May 1969
date of birth	Lynn Seymour (born 8 March 1939) is a retired Canadian ballerina and choreographer.	Lynn Seymour	8 March 1939
date of birth	Nikki Craft (born 1949) is an American political activist, radical feminist, artist and writer.	Nikki Craft	1949
date of birth	Olaf Prenzler (born 2 April 1958 in Käsdorf, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a retired East German sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres.	Olaf Prenzler	2 April 1958
date of birth	Erik Brunetti (born 5 May 1967) is an American artist, designer, director and founder of lifestyle and clothing brand FUCT.	Erik Brunetti	5 May 1967
date of birth	Martin Braithwaite Christensen (born 5 June 1991) is a Danish footballer who plays as a forward for the French Ligue 1 side Toulouse FC and the Danish national team.	Martin Braithwaite	5 June 1991
date of birth	Sasha Anawalt (born 1956) is an American dance critic and educator who founded several arts journalism programs at USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism in Los Angeles, including a Master's degree program in arts journalism (2008).	Sasha Anawalt	1956
date of birth	Clyde Brunswijk (born 28 January 1993) is a Surinamese-Dutch kickboxer and SUPERKOMBAT fighter, where he is current SUPERKOMBAT New Heroes Light Heavyweight Champion.	Clyde Brunswijk	28 January 1993
date of birth	Yagó Bellón (born 28 August 1989) is a Swiss association footballer of Spanish descent.	Yagó Bellón	28 August 1989
date of birth	Ghiselin Danckerts (c. 1510 -- late September 1567) was a Dutch composer, singer, and music theorist of the Renaissance.	Ghiselin Danckerts	1510
date of birth	Peter van Agtmael (born 1981 in Washington, DC) is a documentary photographer based in New York.	Peter van Agtmael	1981
date of birth	Christian Lietzmann (born 2 October 1955) is a retired German swimmer who won two silver medals at the 1974 European Aquatics Championships, in the 200 m and 400 m medley.	Christian Lietzmann	2 October 1955
date of birth	Charles Hial Darling (1859--1944) was United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy from 1901 to 1905.	Charles Hial Darling	1859
date of birth	Louise Roe (born 3 December 1981) is an English television presenter, model, and fashion journalist.	Louise Roe	3 December 1981
date of birth	Po Po (born 1957) is a Burmese installation and performance artist.	Po Po	1957
date of birth	Alastair Miles (born 11 July 1961, Harrow, England) is a British operatic and concert bass who has had an international career since the late 1980s.	Alastair Miles	11 July 1961
date of birth	Kalim Ajiz was born in 1920 at Telhara, a small village which had been home to an ancient Buddhist monastery in Nalanda district of the Indian state of Bihar.	Kalim Ajiz	1920
date of birth	Mark von Hagen (born 1954) teaches Russian, Ukrainian, and Eurasian history at Arizona State University.	Mark von Hagen	1954
date of birth	Yange Oshanka Buddhika Mendis (born 22 June 1979) is a Sri Lankan born cricketer.	Buddhika Mendis	22 June 1979
date of birth	B. Sriramulu (born 8 August 1971) is an Indian politician and a member of the 16th Lok Sabha representing Bellary Lok Sabha constituency.	B. Sriramulu	8 August 1971
date of birth	Mory Kanté (born 29 March 1950) is a Guinean vocalist and player of the kora harp.	Mory Kanté	29 March 1950
date of birth	Isak Roux is a South African born German composer born in 1959.	Isak Roux	1959
date of birth	Shelley De Billinghurst Craft (born Shelley Lorraine Iliff on 21 June 1976) and known professionally as Shelley Craft is an Australian television personality.	Shelley Craft	21 June 1976
date of birth	Kenneth Øvrid Holter, (born 12 February 1979), also known as Eth Eonel, is a Norwegian songwriter, producer and singer.	Eth Eonel	12 February 1979
date of birth	Laureano Olivares (born 16 September 1978 in Caracas) is a Venezuelan actor best known for his role in Elia Schneider's movie Sicario at the age of 16.	Laureano Olivares	16 September 1978
date of birth	Olav Tuelo Johannesen (born 23 February 1984) is a Norwegian striker who currently free agent.	Olav Tuelo Johannesen	23 February 1984
date of birth	Lee Ju-yeon (Hangul: 이주연, sometimes rendered Lee Ju-youn; born 29 October 1987) is a South Korean speed skater.	Lee Ju-yeon	29 October 1987
date of birth	Michael Roy Toney (December 29, 1965- October 3, 2009) was charged and wrongfully convicted in 1999 for a bombing that killed three people and injured two others in Lake Worth, Texas in 1985.	Michael Roy Toney	1965
date of birth	Kieran Prendiville (born 25 December 1947) is a television writer, producer and presenter.	Kieran Prendiville	25 December 1947
date of birth	Georg Teigl (born 9 February 1991) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a Defender for RB Leipzig in the 2.	Georg Teigl	9 February 1991
date of birth	Robin Kevan (born Sedbergh, then in Yorkshire, 8 April 1945), a retired social worker, is affectionately known as Rob the Rubbish in his home town of Llanwrtyd Wells, Powys, for voluntarily clearing litter from the town's streets each day.	Robin Kevan	8 April 1945
date of birth	Štefan Planinc (born 8 September 1925) is a Slovene surrealist painter also known for his illustrations for newspapers, magazines and books.	Štefan Planinc	8 September 1925
date of birth	Tonia Couch (born 20 May 1989) is a British Olympic diver.	Tonia Couch	20 May 1989
date of birth	Bob Willson (born 1928) was a host of programs on CBC Television in Winnipeg and Toronto.	Bob Willson	1928
date of birth	Işın Karaca (Turkish pronunciation: (ɯʃˈɯn kaɾaˈdʒa)) (born 7 March 1973 in London) is a British born Turkish Cypriot pop singer.	Işın Karaca	7 March 1973
date of birth	Karl-Arne Johannessen (born 30 June 1952) is a Norwegian physician, health administrator and sports official.	Karl-Arne Johannessen	1952
date of birth	Arne O. Holm (born 20 October 1956) is a Norwegian journalist and newspaper editor.	Arne O. Holm	20 October 1956
date of birth	Gabriel de Leon (born 1992) is a Filipino actor who appeared in Teen Gen. He is the son of Christopher De Leon and Sandy Andolong, the grandson of Lilla Dizon and half-brother of Ian de Leon.	Gabriel de Leon	1992
date of birth	Rick Gibson (born 1951) is a Canadian sculptor and artist.	Rick Gibson	1951
date of birth	Sirje Kingsepp (born 13 September 1969) is an Estonian politician and celebrity.	Sirje Kingsepp	13 September 1969
date of birth	Elisabet Gustafson (MD) (born Elisabet Johansson on 2 May 1964) is a retired Swedish curler, world champion and Olympic medalist.	Elisabet Gustafson	2 May 1964
date of birth	Horst Köppel (born 17 May 1948) is a German football manager and former player who last worked as manager for FC Ingolstadt 04.	Horst Köppel	17 May 1948
date of birth	Marios Garoyian (Greek: Μάριος Καρογιάν; Armenian: Մարիոս Կարոյեան; born 31 May 1961) is a Cypriot-Armenian politician.	Marios Garoyian	31 May 1961
date of birth	Michael Maclear (born 1929) is an award-winning Canadian journalist, documentary filmmaker, and former correspondent for various CBC programs and for CTV's W5.	Michael Maclear	1929
date of birth	Prajwal Devaraj (born 4 July 1987) is an Indian film actor who mainly works in Kannada film industry.	Prajwal Devaraj	4 July 1987
date of birth	Thomas Welton Stanford (1832 - 1918), also known as Welton Stanford, was an American-born Australian businessman, spiritualist and philanthropist, most notably toward Stanford University, which was founded by his older brother Leland Stanford.	Thomas Welton Stanford	1832
date of birth	Nicolae Fleva (Romanian pronunciation: (nikoˈla.e ˈfleva); also known as Nicu Fleva, Francized Nicolas Fléva; 1840 -- August 4, 1920) was a Wallachian-born Romanian politician, political journalist and lawyer.	Nicolae Fleva	1840
date of birth	Harvey Henderson Wilcox (1832 - March 19, 1891) owned a ranch west of the city of Los Angeles, which his wife Daeida named Hollywood, and that they founded together in 1887.	Harvey Henderson Wilcox	1832
date of birth	Miguel Pisco (born 1944) is the Chairman of Grupo Desportivo Estoril Praia (Estoril-Praia), a Portuguese football club, located near Lisbon.	Miguel Pisco	1944
date of birth	William C. Mellor, A.S.C. (29 June 1903 -- 30 April 1963) was a cinematographer who worked at Paramount, MGM and 20th Century Fox during a career that spanned three decades.	William C. Mellor	29 June 1903
date of birth	Adriaan Ruhan Nel (born 17 May 1991) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the South African Sevens team.	Ruhan Nel	17 May 1991
date of birth	Winfield Smith (August 16, 1827 -- November 8, 1899) was Attorney General of Wisconsin and a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Winfield Smith	1827
date of birth	Henrietta Ip Man-hing, OBE, JP (born 7 December 1947, Hong Kong) is a paediatrician and politician.	Henrietta Ip	7 December 1947
date of birth	Simone Bitton (born 1955) is a French-Israeli documentary filmmaker.	Simone Bitton	1955
date of birth	James Tanis (born 1965?) is a politician in Papua New Guinea who was elected President of the Autonomous Region of Bougainville in 2008 following the death of Joseph Kabui while in office, serving the remainder of the term from 2009 to 2010.	James Tanis	1965
date of birth	Jim McQuade (born 14 October 1933) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dumbarton and Halifax Town.	Jim McQuade	14 October 1933
date of birth	Marcus Chown (born 1959) is a science writer, journalist and broadcaster, currently cosmology consultant for New Scientist magazine.	Marcus Chown	1959
date of birth	Haukur Heiðar Hauksson (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈhøikur ˈhœksɔn); born 1 September 1991) is an Icelandic football right back, who currently plays for AIK in Sweden.	Haukur Heiðar Hauksson	1 September 1991
date of birth	Dave Dreyer was a composer and pianist born on September 22, 1894 in Brooklyn, New York.	Dave Dreyer	1894
date of birth	Thomas Thorpe (c. 1569 -- c. 1635) was an English publisher, most famous for publishing Shakespeare's sonnets and several works by Christopher Marlowe and Ben Jonson.	Thomas Thorpe	1569
date of birth	Luke Losey (born 9 January 1968) is a film director, lighting designer and photographer.	Luke Losey	9 January 1968
date of birth	Jehangir Aziz Hayat (Urdu: جہانگیر عزیز حیات) (born 5 June 1989), also known simply as Jehangir Aziz, is an award winning Pakistani singer, guitarist and composer.	Jehangir Aziz Hayat	5 June 1989
date of birth	Dick Best (born 22 September 1954) is a former rugby union coach, and current journalist.	Dick Best	22 September 1954
date of birth	Armand LaMontagne (born 1939) is an American sculptor of celebrated personalities.	Armand LaMontagne	1939
date of birth	Bertrand Curtis Spitzley (1880--1954) was a housing developer in the metro Detroit, Michigan area.	Bertrand Curtis Spitzley	1880
date of birth	Liza Picard (1927--) is an English historian specialising in the history of London.	Liza Picard	1927
date of birth	Árpád Henney (Hennel; 24 September 1895 -- 21 May 1980) was a Hungarian politician and military officer, who served as Minister without portfolio between 1944 and 1945, in the Nazi-dominated Ferenc Szálasi cabinet.	Árpád Henney	24 September 1895
date of birth	Ann Osgerby (born 20 January 1963), later known by her married name Ann Osgerby Inge, is an English former butterfly swimmer who represented Great Britain at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1980.	Ann Osgerby	20 January 1963
date of birth	Admir Hasančić (born 29 November 1970) is a retired Bosnian football striker who spent his career playing for Čelik Zenica and FK Sarajevo in Bosnia, NK Rijeka and NK Zagreb in Croatian First League and Hapoel Petah Tikva in Israel.	Admir Hasančić	29 November 1970
date of birth	Isaac ben Moses Arama (c. 1420 -- 1494) was a Spanish rabbi and author.	Isaac ben Moses Arama	1420
date of birth	Kuo Cheng-wei (simplified Chinese: 郭政伟; traditional Chinese: 郭振維; pinyin: Guō Zhèngwěi; born 9 November 1983) is a Taiwanese professional archer representing Chinese Taipei.	Kuo Cheng-wei	9 November 1983
date of birth	Leslie Cagan (born 1947) is an American activist, writer, and socialist organizer involved with the peace and social justice movements.	Leslie Cagan	1947
date of birth	Avinash Kaur (born 1 September 1966) is an Indian socialist and a noted public figure.	Avinash Kaur	1 September 1966
date of birth	Wu Xinghan (simplified Chinese: 吴兴涵; traditional Chinese: 吳興涵; pinyin: Wú Xìnghán; born 24 February 1993) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.	Wu Xinghan	24 February 1993
date of birth	Mary Grace Louise delos Reyes Perido, (born 1 September 1993) better known as Louise delos Reyes, is a Filipino actress and model.	Louise delos Reyes	1 September 1993
date of birth	Johann Heinrich Alsted (March 1588 -- November 9, 1638) was a German Calvinist minister and academic, known for his varied interests: in Ramism and Lullism, pedagogy and encyclopedias, theology and millenarianism.	Johann Heinrich Alsted	1588
date of birth	George Townsend Andrews (1804--29 December 1855) was an English architect born in Exeter.	George Townsend Andrews	1804
date of birth	Dominic Brambani (born 10 May 1985 in Bradford) is an English rugby league player.	Dominic Brambani	1985
date of birth	Jessica Folcker (born 9 July 1975) is a Swedish singer, better known by her mononym Jessica.	Jessica Folcker	9 July 1975
date of birth	Chan Meng Kam (Chinese: 陳明金; born 9 November 1962 in Ludongcun, Dongshi, Jinjiang, Fujian) is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Macau.	Chan Meng Kam	9 November 1962
date of birth	Pavlína Ščasná (born 3 April 1982) is a Czech former football striker who last played for Swedish champion LdB Malmö.	Pavlína Ščasná	3 April 1982
date of birth	Naomi Isted (born 23 February 1979) is a British fashion and beauty television presenter, columnist and blogger.	Naomi Isted	23 February 1979
date of birth	Ralph Brading (born 31 January 1934) was an Australian politician and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1981 until 1984.	Ralph Brading	31 January 1934
date of birth	Peter Caulfield (born 21 December 1959) is a Scottish football coach who was manager at Scottish Women's Premier League clubs Monkland Ladies, Glasgow City and Celtic.	Peter Caulfield	21 December 1959
date of birth	Proinsias MacAirt (English: Frank Card) (1922 -- 8 January 1992) was an Irish republican activist and long-serving member of the Irish Republican Army.	Proinsias MacAirt	1922
date of birth	Nodesha (born Nodesha Felix, 1985, San Bernardino, California) is an American R&B singer, that was signed to Arista Records when she was only sixteen years old.	Nodesha	1985
date of birth	Robert Coltman, Jr. (1862 -- November 3, 1931) was an American physician, born in Washington.	Robert Coltman	1862
date of birth	Sophia Patsalidou (Greek: Σοφία Πατσαλίδου, born 16 December 2000), known professionally as Sophia Patsalides (Greek: Σοφία Πατσαλίδου), is a Greek Cypriot teen singer.	Sophia Patsalides	16 December 2000
date of birth	Hayri Kozakçıoğlu (1938 - May 23, 2013) was a Turkish high-ranking civil servant and politician.	Hayri Kozakçıoğlu	1938
date of birth	Trevor Arthur Smith, Baron Smith of Clifton Kt (born 14 June 1937) is a British politician and academic who is currently the Liberal Democrat spokesman in the House of Lords on Northern Ireland and constitutional affairs.	Trevor Arthur Smith, Baron Smith of Clifton	14 June 1937
date of birth	Marie Kendall (27 July 1873 -- 5 May 1964) was a British music hall comedian and actress who had a successful career spanning 50 years.	Marie Kendall	27 July 1873
date of birth	Percy Hislop (September 1870 -- 1929) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Aston Villa.	Percy Hislop	September 1870
date of birth	Winifred Brenchley was born in London on 10 August 1883 to Elizabeth Beckett and William Brenchley, a schoolmaster who was once Mayor of Camberwell.	Winifred Brenchley	10 August 1883
date of birth	Laurence Schache (17 October 1967 -- 5 October 2002) was an Australian rules footballer, playing in the Australian Football League (AFL) with the Brisbane Bears and the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) with Sturt, West Torrens and Woodville-West Torrens.	Laurence Schache	17 October 1967
date of birth	Lol Morgan (born 5 May 1931) is a former professional footballer and manager who was active during the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.	Lol Morgan	5 May 1931
date of birth	Clayton J. Lonetree (born 1961), son of a Winnebago father and Navajo mother, served nine years in prison for espionage.	Clayton J. Lonetree	1961
date of birth	Judy Troy (born 1951) is a Professor at Auburn University, as well as a short story writer and novelist.	Judy Troy	1951
date of birth	Donatella Dal Bianco (born 7 November 1968) is a former Italian sprint athlete.	Donatella Dal Bianco	7 November 1968
date of birth	Jost Vacano, BVK (born 15 March 1934) is a German cinematographer.	Jost Vacano	15 March 1934
date of birth	Air Chief Marshal Sir Joseph Charles French KCB, CBE, ADC (born 15 July 1949), often known as Sir Joe French is a retired senior Royal Air Force (RAF) officer who was the last Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief RAF Strike Command (2006--2007)	Joe French	15 July 1949
date of birth	Stephen Kuusisto was born in Exeter, New Hampshire in March 1955 where he spent most of his childhood.	Stephen Kuusisto	March 1955
date of birth	Catherine Liston-Heyes (born ca 1966) is a Canadian economist, Professor at the University of Ottawa and Director of its Graduate School of Public and International Affairs.	Catherine Liston-Heyes	1966
date of birth	Jim Rosenfield (born 1958) is an American local television news anchor currently working for WCAU-TV, the NBC-owned television station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Jim Rosenfield	1958
date of birth	Paul Skilbeck (born 1962 in London) is an international expert in the field of communications related to the bicycling world, having worked with national organizations, international publications, the International Cycling Union and the International Olympic Committee's Online Results and Information Service project.	Paul Skilbeck	1962
date of birth	Manuel José de Jesus Silva, ComM, known simply as Manuel José (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐnuˈɛɫ ʒuˈzɛ); born 9 April 1946), is a Portuguese football manager, who most recently managed Persepolis F.C. in Iran Pro League.	Manuel José de Jesus	9 April 1946
date of birth	Reiner Grundmann, (born 29 September 1955 near Freudenstadt) is Professor of Science and Technology Studies (STS) at the University of Nottingham and Director of its interdisciplinary STS Research Priority Group.	Reiner Grundmann	29 September 1955
date of birth	Tim Toyama (born in 1952 in Chicago, Illinois) is a playwright and producer.	Tim Toyama	1952
date of birth	Hans Ehrich, born 25 September 1942 in Helsinki, Finland, is a Swedish industrial designer.	Hans Ehrich	25 September 1942
date of birth	John Valentine Nugent (1796 -- June 12, 1874) was an Irish-born educator, journalist and political figure in Newfoundland.	John Valentine Nugent	1796
date of birth	Professor Edwin Harry Medlin (known as Harry) (2 January 1920 -- 6 March 2013) was Deputy Chancellor of the University of Adelaide from 1978 to 1997.	Harry Medlin	2 January 1920
date of birth	Vian Dakhil (born 1971 in Mossoul) is a current member of the Iraqi parliament.	Vian Dakhil	1971
date of birth	Angelika Sher (born 1969) is a photographer living and working in Israel.	Angelika Sher	1969
date of birth	Clifford Morris (born 1942) is a Labour politician and the current leader of the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton in Greater Manchester, England.	Clifford Morris	1942
date of birth	Viktor Shvaiko (or Victor Shvaiko; born 1965) is a Russian artist whose work has been shown in various galleries across the world.	Viktor Shvaiko	1965
date of birth	Jacques Nicolas Léger (1859-1918) was a Haitian lawyer, politician, and diplomat.	Jacques Nicolas Léger	1859
date of birth	David Graiver (1941 -- 1976) was an Argentine businessman and banker who was investigated in the 1970s for alleged money laundering of US$17 million for the Montoneros, a leftist guerrilla group.	David Graiver	1941
date of birth	Edward Yau Tang-wah, GBS, JP (traditional Chinese: 邱騰華; simplified Chinese: 邱腾华; pinyin: Qiū Ténghuá; born 1960, Hong Kong) was appointed as Director of the Chief Executive's Office of Hong Kong in 2012.	Edward Yau	1960
date of birth	Michael Banton (born 1926) is a British social scientist known primarily for his publications on racial and ethnic relations.	Michael Banton	1926
date of birth	Joseph Hajjar (born 1923), a Melkite Catholic priest of Syrian origin, is particularly known for historical works covering the fortunes of Christians in the Levant (Near East) concentrating on the nineteenth century.	Joseph Hajjar	1923
date of birth	Viktor Bolshov (Russian: Виктор Большов; born 23 May 1939) is a retried Soviet high jumper.	Viktor Bolshov	23 May 1939
date of birth	Peter V. Neffenger (born 1955) is the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration.	Peter V. Neffenger	1955
date of birth	Simcha Barbiro (Hebrew: שמחה ברבירו‎; born 27 April 1967) is an Israeli voice actor and a film and television actor.	Simcha Barbiro	27 April 1967
date of birth	Lee Agnew (born 13 January 1971 in Dunfermline, Scotland) is a Scottish drummer and percussionist.	Lee Agnew	13 January 1971
date of birth	Caroline Howard Hume (a.k.a. Betty Hume) (1909-2008) was an American philanthropist and art collector from California.	Caroline Howard Hume	1909
date of birth	Squire Stockwell (birth registered January→March 1896 -- death unknown) birth registered in Bramley district, was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, and at club level for Leeds, as a Wing, i.e. number 2 or 5.	Squire Stockwell	1896
date of birth	Anja Rupel (born 19 March 1966) is a Slovene pop singer, songwriter, radio announcer, and journalist.	Anja Rupel	19 March 1966
date of birth	Nicario Jiménez Quispe (born in 1957) is a Peruvian-American retablo maker.	Nicario Jiménez Quispe	1957
date of birth	Guy Nève de Mevergnies (24 April 1955 -- 28 June 1992), commonly known as Guy Nève, was a Belgian racing driver.	Guy Nève	24 April 1955
date of birth	Arnold Alfred Schmidt, born in 1930 in Plainfield, New Jersey, lived most of his life in New York City.	Arnold Alfred Schmidt	1930
date of birth	Thomas Llewellyn Thomas (generally known as Llewellyn Thomas) (14 November 1840 -- 12 May 1897) was a Welsh Anglican clergyman and scholar of the Welsh language.	Thomas Llewellyn Thomas	14 November 1840
date of birth	Douglas Deane Finlayson (1920--2005) was a British Columbia politician and land developer.	Deane Finlayson	1920
date of birth	Sir James Peter Obeyesekere II, Maha Mudaliyar, JP (1879--1968) was Ceylonese colonial administrator.	James Peter Obeyesekere II	1879
date of birth	Lee Sang-hwa (Korean: 이상화, Hanja: 李相花, Korean pronunciation: (iːsʰaŋhwa); born 25 February 1989) is a South Korean long track speed skater who specialises in the sprint distances.	Lee Sang-hwa	25 February 1989
date of birth	Ahmed Ounaies, also spelled Ahmed Ounaiss, (born 25 January 1936) is a Tunisian politician and diplomat who was Foreign Minister for two weeks in the transitional government established after the 2010--2011 Tunisian uprising.	Ahmed Ounaies	25 January 1936
date of birth	Tahira Wasti (1944 -- March 11, 2012) (Urdu: طاہرہ واسطی‎) was a well-known Pakistani writer and TV actress.	Tahira Wasti	1944
date of birth	Helen Tse MBE (born 1977) is a British author and restaurateur.	Helen Tse	1977
date of birth	Clement D. Child (1868 -- 1933) was an American physicist and educator.	Clement D. Child	1868
date of birth	Kengal Shreepada Renu (born 8 November 1958) is an upcoming Politician from Karnataka, India.	Kengal Shreepada Renu	8 November 1958
date of birth	Satish Babu (Sathees Babu C.S, born: 1961) is a Free Software activist, Internet advocate and development professional based out of Kerala, India.	Satish Babu	1961
date of birth	Sir Sydney Harold Gillett, 1st Baronet, MC, FCA (27 November 1890 -- 21 September 1976) was Lord Mayor of London.	Harold Gillett	27 November 1890
date of birth	Tommy Burke (born 1943) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner-forward for the Cork senior football team.	Tommy Burke	1943
date of birth	Jan G. Švec (born 1966) is a Czech voice scientist.	Jan G. Švec	1966
date of birth	Hermann IV of Hesse (German: Hermann von Hessen; ``the Peaceful'', German: der Friedsame, Latin: Pacificus) (1450--1508) was Archbishop-Elector of Cologne from 1480 to 1508 and Prince-Bishop of Paderborn from 1498 to 1508.	Hermann IV of Hesse	1450
date of birth	Alan Orr Anderson (1879--1958) was a Scottish historian and compiler.	Alan Orr Anderson	1879
date of birth	João Carlos Almeida (born 5 April 1988 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese track and field athlete who competes in the 110 metres hurdles.	João Carlos Almeida	5 April 1988
date of birth	Emil Edvin Wide (22 February 1896 -- 19 June 1996) was a Swedish middle-distance and long-distance runner.	Edvin Wide	22 February 1896
date of birth	John Mackay Wilson (15 August 1804 -- 2 October 1835) was a Scottish writer famous for the six volume Tales of The Borders.	John Mackay Wilson	15 August 1804
date of birth	Rosemary A. Bailey (born 1947) is a British statistician who works in the design of experiments and the analysis of variance and in related areas of combinatorial design, especially in association schemes.	Rosemary A. Bailey	1947
date of birth	Michael Dobbs, Baron Dobbs (born 14 November 1948) is a British Conservative politician and best-selling author.	Michael Dobbs	14 November 1948
date of birth	Nikolce Klečkarovski (born 17 May 1983) is a Macedonian football player who previously plays as a striker at Pahang FA.	Nikolce Klečkarovski	17 May 1983
date of birth	Leona Maguire (born 30 November 1994) is an Irish amateur golfer.	Leona Maguire	November 1994
date of birth	Stephen Muzhingi (born 17 October 1980) is a Zimbabwean ultramarathon runner who won the Comrades Marathon on three consecutive occasions, he also won the Two Oceans Marathon.	Stephen Muzhingi	17 October 1980
date of birth	Antonio Sbardella (17 October 1925 -- 14 January 2002) was an Italian football player, referee and sports official.	Antonio Sbardella	17 October 1925
date of birth	Jovana Risović (born 7 October 1993) is a Serbian handballer player for ŽRK Radnički Kragujevac and the Serbian national team.	Jovana Risović	7 October 1993
date of birth	Charles A. Morris (1853 - March 8, 1914) was a Bloomfield, New Jersey engineer who owned his own dredging firm in New Jersey in the 1880s.	Charles A. Morris	1853
date of birth	James Burney (13 June 1750 -- 17 November 1821) was an English rear-admiral, who accompanied Captain Cook on his last two voyages.	James Burney	13 June 1750
date of birth	Jalil Jafari (Persian: ‌جلیل جعفری‎‎; born 1967) is an Iranian politician.	Jalil Jafari	1967
date of birth	Daniel Ebel, better known as Dendemann (born 27 June 1974 in Wickede) is a German rapper from Hamburg (since 1996, formerly Menden).	Dendemann	27 June 1974
date of birth	Scott Knight (born 28 April 1959 in King Island, Tasmania) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 1984.	Scott Knight	28 April 1959
date of birth	Alex Dionísio de Carvalho (born 1 January 1986), commonly known as Alex Júnior, is a Brazilian footballer who currently Free Agent.	Alex Júnior	1 January 1986
date of birth	Shi Shouxin (石守信) (928--984) was a military general in imperial China, first serving the Later Zhou during the last years of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period, and later the Song Dynasty.	Shi Shouxin	928
date of birth	Arvid Vatle (born 23 November 1938) is a Norwegian medical doctor and winner of the 1999 Ig Nobel Prize in Medicine.	Arvid Vatle	23 November 1938
date of birth	Paul Florian (born 1950) is the lead designer at Florian Architects, an architecture firm based in Chicago.	Paul Florian	1950
date of birth	Ronald Bruce Pittman, (b. 1950) is an award-winning Canadian television and film director.	Bruce Pittman	1950
date of birth	Kenan Engin (1974, Pertek, Tunceli Province, Turkey) is a German-Turkish political scientist.	Kenan Engin	1974
date of birth	Margaret St. Clair (17 February 1911 -- 22 November 1995) was an American science fiction writer, who also wrote under the pseudonyms Idris Seabright and Wilton Hazzard.	Margaret St. Clair	17 February 1911
date of birth	Anja Coleby (born 30 September 1971) is an Australian model, television actress, reporter and producer.	Anja Coleby	30 September 1971
date of birth	Francesco Morlacchi (14 June 1784 -- 28 October 1841) was an Italian composer of more than twenty operas.	Francesco Morlacchi	14 June 1784
date of birth	Paul Marmet; (20 May 1932 -- 20 May 2005) was a Canadian physicist and professor, best known for developing, along with his mentor Larkin Kerwin, a high resolution electron selector for the study of electronic states of negative ions.	Paul Marmet	20 May 1932
date of birth	Hjörleifur Guttormsson (born 31 October 1935) is an Icelandic former politician and former minister.	Hjörleifur Guttormsson	31 October 1935
date of birth	Giovanni Guzzo (born 1986 in Margarita Island, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan/Italian violinist.	Giovanni Guzzo	1986
date of birth	Joseph Wiley (March 1857-- January 8, 1926) was a Major League Baseball third baseman who played in one game on June 23, 1884 for the Washington Nationals of the Union Association.	Joseph Wiley	March 1857
date of birth	Achyut Potdar (22 August 1934) is an Indian actor who has worked in over 125 Bollywood films.	Achyut Potdar	22 August 1934
date of birth	Siraj Williams born March 5 1984 in Willingboro New Jersey is a Liberian athlete who specializes in sprinting.	Siraj Williams	1984
date of birth	Bryan Josh (born 1967) is a multi-instrumentalist who is the founder of British progressive rock band Mostly Autumn.	Bryan Josh	1967
date of birth	Elvis Blue (born Jan Hoogendyk; 28 December 1979) is a platinum selling South African musician and songwriter.	Elvis Blue	28 December 1979
date of birth	Bechara Choucair, M.D., M.S. (born 1973) serves as the Commissioner of the Chicago Department of Public Health.	Bechara Choucair	1973
date of birth	Alexandre José Maria dos Santos, O.F.M. (born 18 March 1924) is a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Alexandre José Maria dos Santos	18 March 1924
date of birth	Patrik Jandak (b. 1977 in Malacky Czechoslovakia) is Slovak photographer.	Patrik Jandak	1977
date of birth	Diarmuid Connolly (born 7 July 1987) is a Gaelic footballer and hurler with the St Vincents club who plays inter-county for Dublin.	Diarmuid Connolly	7 July 1987
date of birth	Jack Riewoldt (/ˈriːvoʊlt/ REE-volt; born 31 October 1988) is a professional Australian rules footballer currently playing for Richmond in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jack Riewoldt	31 October 1988
date of birth	William S. Fisher (born 1958) is an American businessman and philanthropist.	William S. Fisher	1958
date of birth	J.J. Belle (born Roger Elvidge Belle, French Guyana, 17 October 1955, died 26 November 2004) was a renowned British session musician, mostly known for his work as a guitarist.	J.J. Belle	17 October 1955
date of birth	Pedro Blanco López (1883--1919) was a Spanish pianist and academic.	Pedro Blanco López	1883
date of birth	Mary-Pat Moore (born 24 April 1961 in Dublin) is an Irish cricketer who has played 37 women's one-day internationals.	Mary-Pat Moore	24 April 1961
date of birth	Vitéz Lajos Csatay de Csataj (born as Lajos Tutzentaller on 1 August 1886 -- 16 October 1944) was a Hungarian military officer and politician, who served as Minister of Defence between 1943 and 1944.	Lajos Csatay	1 August 1886
date of birth	Léopold Marien (born 22 March 1934) is a former Belgian decathlete.	Léopold Marien	22 March 1934
date of birth	Marleen Kuppens (born 30 April 1959, in Neerpelt) is a Belgian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s.	Marleen Kuppens	30 April 1959
date of birth	Robert Shavlakadze (Georgian: რობერტ შავლაყაძე; Russian: Роберт Михайлович Шавлакадзе, born 1 April 1933) is a retired Georgian high jumper.	Robert Shavlakadze	1 April 1933
date of birth	Heleen Mees (born Heleen Nijkamp, 1968) is a Dutch opinion writer, economist, and lawyer.	Heleen Mees	1968
date of birth	Michael Scott Moore (born 1969, Los Angeles, California) is an American journalist and novelist, notably the author of a well regarded history of surfing, Sweetness and Blood (2010).	Michael Scott Moore	1969
date of birth	Nippy Noya (born 27 February 1946) is an Indonesian, Netherlands-based percussionist and songwriter, specialising in congas, kalimba, bongos, campana, güiro, cabasa, shek, caxixi, triangle and the berimbau.	Nippy Noya	27 February 1946
date of birth	Vukan R. Vuchic (Serbian: Vukan Vučić, Serbian Cyrillic: Вукан Вучић; born 14 January 1935) is a public transport expert, a professor of the University of Pennsylvania, a former consultant for the United States Department of Transportation on planning, design and operations of transport systems.	Vukan R. Vuchic	14 January 1935
date of birth	Chloé Kautzmann (born 12 September 1991) is a French competitor in synchronized swimming who competed in the 2011 and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.	Chloé Kautzmann	12 September 1991
date of birth	Ekaterini Thanou (Greek: Αικατερίνη Θάνου, (ekateˈrini ˈθanu); born 1 February 1975), also known as Katerina Thanou, is a Greek former sprinter.	Ekaterini Thanou	1 February 1975
date of birth	Louise Filion (born 6 December 1945) is a Canadian professor of biogeography.	Louise Filion	1945
date of birth	James Hankins (born 1955) is an intellectual historian specializing in the Italian Renaissance.	James Hankins	1955
date of birth	Harriet Scott (born 23 January 1972) is a British radio presenter with BBC London 94.9.	Harriet Scott	23 January 1972
date of birth	Boudewijn Bouckaert (born 21 July 1947) is a Belgian law professor, a member of the Flemish Movement, and a libertarian conservative thinker and politician.	Boudewijn Bouckaert	21 July 1947
date of birth	Martti Lautala (born 11 November 1928) is a Finnish former cross country skier who competed in the 1950s.	Martti Lautala	11 November 1928
date of birth	Clarence Kelly (born 1941) is a traditional Catholic bishop.	Clarence Kelly	1941
date of birth	Spencer Cowper (23 February 1670-10 December 1728), MP and barrister, was born in 1670, the second son of Sir William Cowper, 2nd Baronet of Hertford, and his wife, Lady Sarah Cowper, the diarist, and the daughter of Samuel Holled, a London merchant.	Spencer Cowper	1670
date of birth	Walter Launt Palmer (1854, Albany, New York -- 1932, Albany, New York) was an American Impressionist painter.	Walter Launt Palmer	1854
date of birth	Aki Kurose (1925--1998) was an American teacher and social-justice activist who helped establish Washington state's first Head Start program and worked to increase access to education and affordable housing, particularly among low-income and minority families.	Aki Kurose	1925
date of birth	Jaroslav Volf (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjaroslaf ˈvolf)) (born 29 September 1979 in Brandýs nad Labem) is a Czech slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-1990s.	Jaroslav Volf	29 September 1979
date of birth	Roseline Delisle (1952 -- November 12, 2003) was a ceramic artist.	Roseline Delisle	1952
date of birth	Mohamed Abdel Monsef (Arabic: محمد عبد المنصف‎; born 6 February 1977) is an Egyptian footballer.	Mohamed Abdel Monsef	6 February 1977
date of birth	Sir John Musgrove, 1st Baronet (21 January 1793 -- 5 October 1881) was a British businessman and Lord Mayor of London.	Sir John Musgrove, 1st Baronet	21 January 1793
date of birth	Shaker Ahmed (1992) is a Bangladeshi cricket player.	Shaker Ahmed	1992
date of birth	Neil Hudson (Born 24 January 1957) is an English former professional motocross racer.	Neil Hudson	24 January 1957
date of birth	Rachel Binah (born 1942) is an American environmental and community activist.	Rachel Binah	1942
date of birth	Dr. Richard Guy Wilson (born 1940) is a noted architectural historian and Commonwealth Professor in Architectural History at the University of Virginia.	Richard Guy Wilson	1940
date of birth	Bríd Brennan (born 1955) is a Northern Irish actress of film, stage and television, best known for her theatre work.	Bríd Brennan	1955
date of birth	Pieter Valckx (alternative first names: Peeter, Petrus and Pierre and alternative family name: Valck) (1 March 1734, Mechelen - 3 May 1785, Mechelen) was a Flemish sculptor mainly specialized in church furniture who was one of the last representatives of the Flemish Baroque.	Pieter Valckx	1734
date of birth	Zephany Nurse (born 28 April 1997), is a South African girl who was kidnapped from Groote Schuur Hospital in Cape Town, South Africa on 30 April 1997, when she was two days old.	Zephany Nurse	28 April 1997
date of birth	Geoff Jansz (born 1958) is a Sri Lankan-born Australian chef and television presenter.	Geoff Jansz	1958
date of birth	Niccolò Jommelli (Italian: (nikkoˈlɔ jomˈmɛlli); 10 September 1714 -- 25 August 1774) was a Neapolitan composer.	Niccolò Jommelli	10 September 1714
date of birth	Maganti Ankineedu (born 1 January 1915, date of death unknown) was an Indian independence activist, politician and Member of Parliament.	Maganti Ankineedu	1 January 1915
date of birth	Jaime Caruana (born 14 March 1952) is the General Manager of the Bank for International Settlements.	Jaime Caruana	14 March 1952
date of birth	Richard Morthland (born 10 November 1959) is a Republican member of the Illinois General Assembly first elected in 2010.	Richard Morthland	10 November 1959
date of birth	Eldridge Holmes (1942 -- November 13, 1998) was a New Orleans singer, who recorded throughout the 1960s and into the 1970s, primarily with producer Allen Toussaint.	Eldridge Holmes	1942
date of birth	Raymond Yiu (Chinese: 姚恩豪; pinyin: Yáo Ēnháo; Cantonese Yale: Yiu4 Yan1 Hou4), born 1973; is a composer, conductor, jazz pianist and music writer.	Raymond Yiu	1973
date of birth	Jeremiah Davison (1695?--1750?) was an Anglo-Scottish portrait-painter.	Jeremiah Davison	1695
date of birth	Lilian Snelling (1879--1972) was ``probably the most important British botanical artist of the first half of the 20th century''.	Lilian Snelling	1879
date of birth	Monsignor Dr Kiro Stojanov (9 April 1959 in the village of Radovo, Bosilovo Municipality) is the Roman Catholic Bishop of Skopje and the Apostolic Administrator and Exarch of the Macedonian Greek Catholic Church.	Kiro Stojanov	9 April 1959
date of birth	Wibrandis Rosenblatt (1504--1564) was the wife of three religious reformers, who predeceased her:	Wibrandis Rosenblatt	1504
date of birth	Hec Davidson (29 March 1908 -- 24 May 1976) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Hec Davidson	29 March 1908
date of birth	Cormac Burke (born 11 August 1993) is a Northern Irish association footballer, who plays for NIFL Premiership club Dungannon Swifts.	Cormac Burke	11 August 1993
date of birth	Charles Boyle, 4th Earl of Orrery KT PC FRS (28 July 1674 -- 28 August 1731) was an English nobleman, statesman and patron of the sciences.	Charles Boyle, 4th Earl of Orrery	28 July 1674
date of birth	Massimo Citi (born 1955) is an Italian science fiction writer and reviewer.	Massimo Citi	1955
date of birth	Amnon Yitzhak (Hebrew: אַמְנוֹן יִצְחָק; born 8 November 1953), is a Haredi Israeli rabbi.	Amnon Yitzhak	8 November 1953
date of birth	Mahmud Al-Nashaf (Arabic: محمود الناشف‎, Hebrew: מחמוד א-נאשף‎; born 1906, died 10 November 1979) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Agriculture and Development between 1959 and 1961.	Mahmud Al-Nashaf	1906
date of birth	Friedrich Heinrich Karl Bobzin (1826--?) was an artisan in Germany and became a member of the German Workers' Society in Brussels in 1847.	Friedrich Heinrich Karl Bobzin	1826
date of birth	Liang Baohua (simplified Chinese: 梁保华; traditional Chinese: 梁保華; pinyin: Liáng Bǎohuá; born November 1945) was CPC Jiangsu Committee Secretary and the province's governor.	Liang Baohua	1945
date of birth	David Clement-Davies (born 1964) is a British writer of fantasy fiction.	David Clement-Davies	1964
date of birth	Rinat Matatov (Hebrew: רינת מטטוב‎; born 6 August 1981) is an Israeli actress.	Rinat Matatov	6 August 1981
date of birth	Zacharias Mellebye (20 December 1781 -- 9 November 1854) was a Norwegian farmer and non-commissioned military officer who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly.	Zacharias Mellebye	1781
date of birth	Greg Delanty (born 1958) is a celebrated poet on both sides of the Atlantic as the issue dedicated to him of the British magazine Agenda (poetry journal) attests.	Greg Delanty	1958
date of birth	Han Yueshuang (simplified Chinese: 韩月双; traditional Chinese: 韓月雙; pinyin: Hán Yuèshāng; Jyutping: hon4 jyut6 soeng1; born 6 November 1982) is a short track speed skater from Hong Kong.	Han Yueshuang	6 November 1982
date of birth	Jimmy Ye Liang Jun (葉良俊 1967) is a Singaporean Chinese singer.	Jimmy Ye Liang Jun	1967
date of birth	Marion May Campbell (born 1948) is a contemporary Australian novelist and academic.	Marion May Campbell	1948
date of birth	Satu Vänskä (1979-) is a Finnish Australian violinist.	Satu Vänskä	1979
date of birth	Sujata Bhatt (born 6 May 1956) is an Indian poet, a native speaker of Gujarati.	Sujata Bhatt	6 May 1956
date of birth	Spyridon Belokas (Greek: Σπυρίδων Μπελόκας, born 1877, date of death unknown) was a Greek athlete.	Spyridon Belokas	1877
date of birth	Ivan Blagov (born 31 January 1986 in Moscow, Russia) is a Russian figure skater who currently competes representing Azerbaijan.	Ivan Blagov	31 January 1986
date of birth	Kristóf Szatmáry (born 10 June 1975) is a Hungarian politician, who served as Secretary of State for Domestic Economy in the Ministry of National Economy between 1 February 2011 and 5 June 2014.	Kristóf Szatmáry	10 June 1975
date of birth	Yuzvendra Chahal (born 23 July 1990) is a cricketer who plays for Haryana in Indian domestic cricket.	Yuzvendra Chahal	23 July 1990
date of birth	James Inverne (born 1975) is an English cultural critic and commentator, specialising in theatre, opera and classical music, and film.	James Inverne	1975
date of birth	Josef Krečmer (born in 1958 in Vysoké Mýto, Czech republic) is a Czech Violoncellist.	Josef Krečmer	1958
date of birth	Larry Kelly (born c. 1935) is an American politician and logistics engineer.	Larry Kelly	1935
date of birth	Zineb Oukach (/ˈziːnɛb ˈuːkəʃ/; born 1982) is a Moroccan film actress and model, known to worldwide audiences for playing the role of Fatima in the 2007 Gavin Hood film Rendition.	Zineb Oukach	1982
date of birth	Terttu Savola (née Rankila, born 22 June 1941 in Vimpeli) is a Finnish politician.	Terttu Savola	22 June 1941
date of birth	Sonia Leigh (born December 1978) is an American country music singer-songwriter.	Sonia Leigh	December 1978
date of birth	Burchard Kranich (c. 1515--1578) (also known as Doctor Burcot) was a mining engineer and physician who came to England from Germany.	Burchard Kranich	1515
date of birth	Polat Kemboi Arıkan (born Paul Kipkosgei Kemboi on 12 December 1990 in Cheptiret, Kenya) is a Turkish long distance runner of Kenyan origin competing in the 3000 m and 5000 m events.	Polat Kemboi Arıkan	12 December 1990
date of birth	Jude Cole (born 18 June 1960) is an American singer-songwriter, manager, and record producer.	Jude Cole	18 June 1960
date of birth	Mohammad Jan Fana Safi (born 25 June 1932) is a poet, writer, and artist.	Mohammad Jan Fana	25 June 1932
date of birth	Patrick Duff (born 30 June 1966, Bristol) is an English singer-songwriter, and was the lead singer of the alternative rock band Strangelove.	Patrick Duff	30 June 1966
date of birth	Richard Franklin Boulware II (born 1968) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Nevada and former assistant Federal Public Defender.	Richard Franklin Boulware II	1968
date of birth	Genevieve Nnaji (/nˈnɑːdʒi/; born 3 May 1979) is a Nigerian actress and singer.	Genevieve Nnaji	3 May 1979
date of birth	John Le Fleming (23 October 1865 - 7 October 1942) was an English sportsman who played first-class cricket for Kent and represented England at rugby union.	John Le Fleming	23 October 1865
date of birth	Kevin Mulligan (born 23 June 1951) is a British philosopher, working on ontology, the philosophy of mind, and the philosophy of logic.	Kevin Mulligan	23 June 1951
date of birth	Benjamin Burrows (20 October 1891 -- 28 January 1966 in Leicester, England) was an English composer of art songs and instrumental music.	Benjamin Burrows	20 October 1891
date of birth	Philipp Johann Heinrich Fauth (19 March 1867 -- 4 January 1941) was a German selenographer.	Philipp Johann Heinrich Fauth	19 March 1867
date of birth	Luís Antônio Fleury Filho (30 March 1949) is a Brazilian politician, prosecutor and professor.	Luís Antônio Fleury Filho	30 March 1949
date of birth	Margrethe P. Rask (1930 -- December 12, 1977), better known as Grethe Rask, was a Danish physician and surgeon in Zaïre (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo).	Grethe Rask	1930
date of birth	Brendan Walsh (born 1959) is an American chef best known for his endorsement of southwestern cuisine.	Brendan Walsh	1959
date of birth	Pete Strange (19 December 1938 -- 14 August 2004) was an English jazz trombonist.	Pete Strange	19 December 1938
date of birth	Anne Hankford (c. 1431 -- 13 November 1485) was the first wife of Thomas Butler, 7th Earl of Ormond (c. 1426- 3 August 1515).	Anne Hankford	1431
date of birth	Ingrid Hadler (born Ingrid Thoresen, 12 February 1946) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor.	Ingrid Hadler	12 February 1946
date of birth	Mark Anstice (born 17 May 1967 in the Angus Glens area of Scotland) is a Scottish explorer, adventurous documentary reality television film maker and writer.	Mark Anstice	17 May 1967
date of birth	Radu Florescu (23 October 1925 -- 18 May 2014) was a Romanian academic who held the position of Emeritus Professor of History at Boston College.	Radu Florescu	23 October 1925
date of birth	Feng Jing (Chinese: 冯敬 born 15 January 1985) is a Chinese gymnast.	Feng Jing	15 January 1985
date of birth	K. Warner Schaie (born 1928) is an American social gerontologist and psychologist best known for founding the Seattle Longitudinal Study in 1956.	K. Warner Schaie	1928
date of birth	Jo Jo Barrett (born 1943 in Tralee, County Kerry, Ireland) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer and manager.	Jo Jo Barrett	1943
date of birth	Rika Zaraï (Hebrew: ריקה זראי‎; born 19 February 1938) is an Israeli singer and writer.	Rika Zaraï	19 February 1938
date of birth	Christopher Lippitt (October 28, 1744 -- June 17, 1824) was a prominent Revolutionary War officer and founder one of the earliest textile mills in Rhode Island.	Christopher Lippitt	1744
date of birth	Rabina Khan (Bengali: রবিনা খান; born 15 September 1972) is a Bangladeshi-born British writer, politician, councillor for Shadwell, former Cabinet Member for Housing in Tower Hamlets Council, community worker and author of Ayesha's Rainbow.	Rabina Khan	15 September 1972
date of birth	Silas White (born 1977 Sechelt British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian publisher, editor, author and elected representative.	Silas White	1977
date of birth	Paul Renaud (born 1975) is a French comic book artist and illustrator, and working for both European and French markets.	Paul Renaud	1975
date of birth	Tianwa Yang (simplified Chinese: 杨天娲; traditional Chinese: 楊天媧; pinyin: Yáng Tianwa) (born 1987) is a Chinese classical violinist.	Tianwa Yang	1987
date of birth	Stan Dale (1929 in New York -- June 8, 2007) was a radio broadcaster, writer, teacher, and founder of the Human Awareness Institute in 1968.	Stan Dale	1929
date of birth	Mallen Baker (born 23 May 1963) is an expert on corporate social responsibility and a former politician.	Mallen Baker	23 May 1963
date of birth	Billy Dale Gossage, known as Bill Gossage (born 1957), is an educational administrator from Ozark in Franklin County in northwestern Arkansas, who has been since 2013 a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives.	Bill Gossage	1957
date of birth	Torolf Nordbø (born 31 December 1956), alias Han Innante, is a Norwegian musician and comedian from Finnøy.	Torolf Nordbø	31 December 1956
date of birth	William Carr Crofts (10 February 1846 -- 26 November 1912) was an English schoolmaster and rower who won the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta twice and was an influential teacher of Rudyard Kipling.	William Carr Crofts	10 February 1846
date of birth	Rick Ravanello (born 24 October 1967) is a Canadian actor who has appeared in several television series and movies.	Rick Ravanello	24 October 1967
date of birth	Abdi Ismail Samatar (Somali: Cabdi Cismaaciil Samatar, Arabic: عبدي إسماعيل ساماتار‎) (born 1950) is a Somali scholar, writer and professor.	Abdi Ismail Samatar	1950
date of birth	Lena Berntsson (born 4 November 1978 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish athlete who has competed internationally in both weightlifting and track and field.	Lena Berntsson	4 November 1978
date of birth	Loredana Bertè (Italian pronunciation: (loreˈdaːna berˈte); born 20 September 1950) is an Italian singer.	Loredana Bertè	20 September 1950
date of birth	Hasan Ali Kaldırım (Turkish pronunciation: (hasan ali kaɫdɯɾɯm), born 9 December 1989) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a left wingback for Fenerbahçe in the Süper Lig.	Hasan Ali Kaldırım	9 December 1989
date of birth	Richard Paul Jodrell (13 November 1745 -- 26 January 1831) was a classical scholar and playwright.	Richard Paul Jodrell	13 November 1745
date of birth	Abbas Kazmi (born 18 May 1955) is a criminal lawyer who received wide media coverage for representing Ajmal Kasab, the prime accused in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks.	Abbas Kazmi	18 May 1955
date of birth	Nikhil Dutta (born 13 October 1994) is a Kuwait-born Canadian cricketer.	Nikhil Dutta	13 October 1994
date of birth	Lee Brookes (born 22 February 1968) is a British retired auto racing driver, who is still involved within motorsport, where he presently runs the Total Control Racing team.	Lee Brookes	22 February 1968
date of birth	Chow Chun Fai (Chinese: 周俊輝) (born 1980) is a Hong Kong artist specialized in performing art. He is a chairman of Fotanian Artist Village in Fo Tan, in Hong Kong and one of the few artists who are actively engaged in politics.	Chow Chun Fai	1980
date of birth	Dimitrios Kolovetsios (Greek: Δημήτρης Κολοβέτσιος; born 16 October 1991) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Superleague club AEK Athens, as a Centre back.	Dimitrios Kolovetsios	16 October 1991
date of birth	Efigenio Ameijeiras Delgado (born 1931 in Puerto Padre, Las Tunas Province), was an enthusiastic supporter of Fidel Castro from the 1950s through to the 21st century.	Efigenio Ameijeiras	1931
date of birth	Doriane Bontemps (born in 1967) is a French former ice dancer.	Doriane Bontemps	1967
date of birth	Anwar Jamal (born 15 August 1961) is an Indian documentary filmmaker, based in New Delhi.	Anwar Jamal	15 August 1961
date of birth	Margaret Wangari Muriuki (born 21 March 1986 in Nakuru) is a Kenyan long and middle distance runner.	Margaret Wangari Muriuki	21 March 1986
date of birth	Petr Šiška (born 4 May 1965) is a Czech TV presenter, musician, and occasional songwriter.	Petr Šiška	4 May 1965
date of birth	Marilyn Jean Horan (born 1954) is a Pennsylvania Judge and is a nominee to be a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania.	Marilyn Jean Horan	1954
date of birth	Lovro Cvek (born 6 July 1995) is a Croatian footballer who has played for Zavrč in the Slovenian PrvaLiga since 16 July 2014.	Lovro Cvek	6 July 1995
date of birth	Julia Bacha (born 1980) is a Brazilian documentary filmmaker.	Julia Bacha	1980
date of birth	Linda Powell (born 1966) is an American professional actress.	Linda Powell	1966
date of birth	Jelita Septriasa (born 1 September 1989), better known by her stage name of Acha Septriasa, is an Indonesian actress and also a singer.	Acha Septriasa	1 September 1989
date of birth	Aleksander Doba (born 9 September 1946) is a Polish kayaker known primarily for his long voyages crossing oceans.	Aleksander Doba	9 September 1946
date of birth	Henry Musgrave (1827 -- 2 January 1922), DL, was a Northern Irish business man and philanthropist.	Henry Musgrave	1827
date of birth	Debbie Horsfield (born 1955) is an English theatre and television writer and producer.	Debbie Horsfield	1955
date of birth	Balla Moussa Keïta (1934 -- March 6, 2001) was a Malian actor and comedian, and a West African cinema pioneer who was well known in the West (especially France).	Balla Moussa Keïta	1934
date of birth	Ananta Rau Sar Dessai (1910-?) was a Goan short-story writer, radio playwright and poet.	Ananta Rau Sar Dessai	1910
date of birth	Eli Hurvitz (Hebrew: אליהו ``אלי'' הורביץ‎, born 1932, died 21 November 2011) was an Israeli industrialist.	Eli Hurvitz	1932
date of birth	Reanne Evans (born 25 October 1985 in Dudley, West Midlands) is an English former professional snooker player who now competes as an amateur.	Reanne Evans	25 October 1985
date of birth	Cola Franzen (born February 4, 1923 Hart County, Georgia) is an American writer and translator.	Cola Franzen	1923
date of birth	Claire Keegan (born 1968) is an Irish writer known for her award-winning short stories.	Claire Keegan	1968
date of birth	Sir John Maxwell, 7th Baronet, of Pollok (31 October 1768 -- 30 July 1844) was a Member of Parliament for Paisley from 10 December 1832 until resigning in 1834.	Sir John Maxwell, 7th Baronet	31 October 1768
date of birth	Hemant Lall (born 1951 India) is an American bridge player from Nottingham and Dallas, Texas.	Hemant Lall	1951
date of birth	Carlo Resoort (born 1 March 1973) is a Dutch DJ, remixer and producer.	Carlo Resoort	1 March 1973
date of birth	Oliver Dene Jones (born 1 June 1986), known as Skream, is an English electronic music producer based in Croydon.	Skream	1 June 1986
date of birth	Samuel Platt (1812 -- May 5, 1887) was a Canadian brewer and politician.	Samuel Platt	1812
date of birth	Jesse Garba Abaga (born 10 August 1984), popularly known as Jesse Jagz, is a Nigerian hip hop recording artist.	Jesse Jagz	10 August 1984
date of birth	Franz Tieze (1842--1932) was a late 19th-century Dublin-based forger.	Franz Tieze	1842
date of birth	David Ridler (born 12 March 1976) is an English footballer and manager.	David Ridler	12 March 1976
date of birth	Mallemala Sundara Rami Reddy (15 August 1924 -- 11 December 2011), popularly known as M. S. Reddy and Mallemala, was an Indian film producer, director, screen writer and lyricist in Telugu cinema and a writer known for his contribution to Telugu Literature.	M. S. Reddy	15 August 1924
date of birth	Brian Willoughby, born 20 September 1949, Glenarm, County Antrim, Northern Ireland, is a British guitarist.	Brian Willoughby	20 September 1949
date of birth	Ulvi Güveneroğlu (born 26 July 1960) is a Turkish former footballer, columnist and manager.	Ulvi Güveneroğlu	26 July 1960
date of birth	Hazel Irvine (born 24 May 1965), is a British television presenter.	Hazel Irvine	24 May 1965
date of birth	Ilaria D'Amico (born 30 August 1973) is a commentator and television host on Italian television.	Ilaria D'Amico	30 August 1973
date of birth	Al-Mu'ayyad Muhammad (1582 -- September 1644) was an Imam of Yemen (1620--1644), son of Al-Mansur al-Qasim.	Al-Mu'ayyad Muhammad	1582
date of birth	Lloyd Fairbrother (born 13 November 1991, Torpoint) is an English rugby union player.	Lloyd Fairbrother	13 November 1991
date of birth	Alexandra Pigg (born 1962 in Knotty Ash, Liverpool) is a British actress who first came to prominence as Petra Taylor in the TV soap opera Brookside.	Alexandra Pigg	1962
date of birth	Liu Jieyi (Chinese: 刘结一; born December 1957) is a Chinese diplomat.	Liu Jieyi	December 1957
date of birth	Jonas De Roeck (born 20 December 1979) is a former Belgian football player who is currently manager of for Lyra in the Belgian Fourth Division.	Jonas De Roeck	20 December 1979
date of birth	Evaristo Nugkuag (born 1950) is an activist for environmental and indigenous people causes.	Evaristo Nugkuag	1950
date of birth	Air Vice-Marshal John Nmadu Yisa-Doko, GCON, CFR (born 1942) was Nigerian Air Force's Chief of the Air Staff from 1975 to 1980.	John Nmadu Yisa-Doko	1942
date of birth	Sir Roger Brabazon (c. 1247 -- 13-14 June 1317) was an English lawyer, and Chief Justice of the King's Bench from 1296 to 1316.	Roger Brabazon	1247
date of birth	Ronetti Roman (sometimes given as Moise Ronetti-Roman; born Aron Blumenfeld; 1847--January 7, 1908) was an Imperial Austrian-born Romanian playwright and poet.	Ronetti Roman	1847
date of birth	Lisa Batiashvili, or Elisabeth Batiashvili (Georgian: ლიზა ბათიაშვილი; born Elisabed Batiashvili in 1979) is a Georgian violinist, the daughter of a violinist father and a pianist mother.	Lisa Batiashvili	1979
date of birth	Karel van Mander the Younger (1579--1623) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and the son of Karel van Mander.	Karel van Mander the Younger	1579
date of birth	Benoni Beheyt (born 27 September 1940) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer who raced from 1962 to 1968.	Benoni Beheyt	27 September 1940
date of birth	Bertrand Cantat (born 5 March 1964) is a French musician and formerly the frontman of rock band Noir Désir.	Bertrand Cantat	5 March 1964
date of birth	Ahmad Kurd (Arabic: أحمد كرد‎) (born 1949) is the mayor of Deir al-Balah located in the central Gaza Strip.	Ahmad Kurd	1949
date of birth	Charmaine Tavares (born 1943 Hana, Hawaii) is an American politician and politician.	Charmaine Tavares	1943
date of birth	Panagodage Don Ruchira Laksiri Perera (better known as Ruchira Perera) (born 6 April 1977 in Colombo) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Ruchira Perera	6 April 1977
date of birth	Ron Corry (born 21 July 1941) is an Australian former football (soccer) player and coach.	Ron Corry	21 July 1941
date of birth	Jagadeesha Suchith (born 16 January 1994), also known as J Suchith, is an Indian cricketer who plays for Karnataka cricket team.	Jagadeesha Suchith	16 January 1994
date of birth	Vania Stambolova (Bulgarian: Ваня Стамболова) (born 28 November 1983) is a Bulgarian athlete.	Vania Stambolova	28 November 1983
date of birth	Dag Hartelius (born 8 November 1955 in Härnösand) is a Swedish diplomat and the current Director-General of The National Defence Radio Establishment, assuming office 1 November, 2013.	Dag Hartelius	8 November 1955
date of birth	Hubert Cecil Booth (4 July 1871 -- 14 January 1955) was a British engineer who invented the first powered vacuum cleaner.	Hubert Cecil Booth	4 July 1871
date of birth	Juan Ángel Napout Barreto (born 13 May 1958) is a Paraguayan football executive and businessman.	Juan Ángel Napout	13 May 1958
date of birth	Rosemary Nicols (born 28 October 1941) is a British actress, born Rosemary Claxton in Bradford, West Yorkshire.	Rosemary Nicols	28 October 1941
date of birth	Anthony Apesos (born 1953) is an American painter and professor of Fine Arts at the Art Institute of Boston at Lesley University.	Anthony Apesos	1953
date of birth	Sir Henry St George (1581--1644) was an English Officer of Arms.	Henry St George	1581
date of birth	Dipti Saravanamuttu (born 1960) is a contemporary Sri Lankan-Australian poet and academic.	Dipti Saravanamuttu	1960
date of birth	Debbie Linden (22 February 1961 -- 5 October 1997) was a British glamour model and actress best known for her role as old Mr Grace's secretary in the sitcom Are You Being Served? (1981).	Debbie Linden	22 February 1961
date of birth	Franz Islacker (3 February 1926 - 1 July 1970) was a German football player.	Franz Islacker	3 February 1926
date of birth	Sandra Nurmsalu (born 6 December 1988) is an Estonian singer, violinist and lead singer of the band Urban Symphony.	Sandra Nurmsalu	6 December 1988
date of birth	Javier Torres Maldonado (born 1968) is a Mexican-Italian composer internationally recognized for mostly of his orchestral, chamber, vocal and electro-acoustic works.	Javier Torres Maldonado	1968
date of birth	Pnina Tamano-Shata (Hebrew: פנינה תמנו-שטה‎, born 1 November 1981) is an Israeli lawyer, journalist and politician.	Pnina Tamano-Shata	1 November 1981
date of birth	Ahmed Sadeq Al Khamri (Arabic: أحمد صادق الخمري; born 28 December 1992) is a Yemeni footballer who plays as a Defense currently plays for Al-Minaa in Iraqi Premier League.	Ahmed Sadeq Al Khamri	28 December 1992
date of birth	Anirudh Ravichander (born 16 October 1990) is an Indian film composer and singer.	Anirudh Ravichander	16 October 1990
date of birth	Yosef Baratz (Hebrew: יוסף ברץ‎, born 8 May 1890, died 14 December 1968) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician.	Yosef Baratz	8 May 1890
date of birth	Thushin Takayutpi (သုရှင်တကာရွတ်ပိ, pronounced: (θṵʃɪ̀ɴ dəɡàjʊʔpḭ), or Takayutpi တကာရွတ်ပိ; 1511--1539) was the 18th king of the Hanthawaddy Pegu Kingdom in Burma from 1526 to 1539.	Takayutpi	1511
date of birth	Simon Jordan (born 24 September 1967) is an English businessman who made his fortune in the mobile phone industry.	Simon Jordan	24 September 1967
date of birth	Stephanie Turner (born 25 May 1944 in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England) is an actress.	Stephanie Turner	25 May 1944
date of birth	Gary Lavery (born 4 May 1997) is a Northern Irish footballer who currently plays as a striker for Football League One club Fleetwood.	Gary Lavery	4 May 1997
date of birth	Jan Gerard Wessels Boer (born 1936) is a Dutch plant taxonomist best known for his work on palms.	Jan Gerard Wessels Boer	1936
date of birth	Jorge Orosmán da Silva Echeverrito (born 11 December 1961) is a retired Uruguayan footballer who played as a striker, and a current manager.	Jorge Orosmán da Silva	11 December 1961
date of birth	Jon Fredrik Baksaas (born 1954) is the Chairman of the GSMA and until August 2015 the CEO of Telenor.	Jon Fredrik Baksaas	1954
date of birth	Gary Reilly is an Australian television producer and writer born in New Zealand in 1945.	Gary Reilly	1945
date of birth	Kevin Darrigan (born 15 October 1931) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Kevin Darrigan	15 October 1931
date of birth	Tonyukuk (Old Turkic: Bilge Tuňuquq, born c. 646, died c. 726?) was the baga-tarkhan (military leader) of four Göktürk khagans, the best known of whom is Bilge Khan.	Tonyukuk	646
date of birth	Major Ronald Norman Spafford (29 July 1928 -- 6 October 2014), known as Ronnie Spafford, was a British army officer and philatelist who was an expert in the stamps and postal history of the Falkland Islands and developed a deep interest in those islands.	Ronnie Spafford	1928
date of birth	Dame Victoria Geraldine Bruce, DBE, CPsychol, FBPsS, FRSE, FBA (born 4 January 1953), known as Vicki Bruce, is a British psychologist, Professor of Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at Newcastle University.	Vicki Bruce	4 January 1953
date of birth	°Tim Lee-Davey (born 20 February 1955) is a British former racing driver.	Tim Lee-Davey	20 February 1955
date of birth	Dato' Paduka Haji Husam Musa (born 14 October 1959) is one of the current three PAS Vice-Presidents, since 2011.	Husam Musa	14 October 1959
date of birth	Romana Dubnová (born 4 November 1978) is a Czech athlete high jumper.	Romana Dubnová	4 November 1978
date of birth	Jákup Dahl (English and German Jacob Dahl) (5 June 1878 -- 1944) was a Faroese Provost and Bible translator.	Jákup Dahl	5 June 1878
date of birth	Charles Wigoder (born 2 March 1960) is an English telecommunications entrepreneur, associated with building both Peoples Phone and Telecom Plus (The Utility Warehouse) into substantial and successful businesses.	Charles Wigoder	2 March 1960
date of birth	Alexandra Gersten-Vassilaros (born 1960) is an American playwright and actress.	Alexandra Gersten-Vassilaros	1960
date of birth	Anil Sole (born 19 September 1959) is elected from Nagpur Graduate Constituency Maharashtra Legislative Council.	Anil Sole	19 September 1959
date of birth	Clara-Jumi Kang (Hangul: 강주미, born 1987) is a German and South Korean violinist.	Clara-Jumi Kang	1987
date of birth	Maja Apostoloska (Macedonian: Маја Апостолоска) (born 7 December 1976) is an award-winning Macedonian poet, essayist and literary critic.	Maja Apostoloska	7 December 1976
date of birth	Joseph Normand Laplante (born 1965) is a federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire.	Joseph Normand Laplante	1965
date of birth	Peter Rzehak (born 8 February 1970) is an Austrian former alpine skier.	Peter Rzehak	8 February 1970
date of birth	Scott Frew (born 5 November 1980) is a professional singer from Ayrshire in the West of Scotland.	Scott Frew	5 November 1980
date of birth	Jean-Claude Éloy (born 15 June 1938) is a French composer of instrumental, vocal and electroacoustic music.	Jean-Claude Éloy	15 June 1938
date of birth	Jason Laslett (born 1 July 1969) is a former international field hockey player.	Jason Laslett	1 July 1969
date of birth	Hörður Torfason (born 4 September 1945) is a noted Icelandic song-writer and activist.	Hörður Torfason	4 September 1945
date of birth	Bob Bellerue (born 1968, Los Angeles) is an American composer and performer of music.	Bob Bellerue	1968
date of birth	Caleb Gattegno (1911--1988) was one of the most influential and prolific mathematics educators of the twentieth century.	Caleb Gattegno	1911
date of birth	Morten Bødskov (born 1 May 1970 in Karup) is a Danish social democratic politician and former Minister of Justice in the Government of Helle Thorning-Schmidt.	Morten Bødskov	1 May 1970
date of birth	Tamiko Jones (born Barbara Tamiko Ferguson, 1945) is an American singer.	Tamiko Jones	1945
date of birth	Renée C. Byer (born in 1958 in Yonkers, New York) is the senior photojournalist at The Sacramento Bee, where she has worked since 2003.	Renée C. Byer	1958
date of birth	Major Theodor Quandt (22 June 1897 -- 6 June 1940) was a World War I German flying ace credited with 15 aerial victories.	Theodor Quandt	22 June 1897
date of birth	Stuart Elwell (born 14 December 1977) is a professional boxer from Darlaston in the Black Country, England.	Stuart Elwell	14 December 1977
date of birth	Kayne Pettifer (born 22 January 1982) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played in the Australian Football League from 2001-2009.	Kayne Pettifer	22 January 1982
date of birth	Tung Chan (born 1952) is a Hong Kong-born Canadian philanthropist, columnist and businessman.	Tung Chan	1952
date of birth	Dorsaf Hamdani (Arabic: درصاف حمداني‎), (born 6 June 1975) is a Tunisian singer and musicologist.	Dorsaf Hamdani	6 June 1975
date of birth	James Gabriel Huquier (1725--1805) was a portrait-painter and engraver.	James Gabriel Huquier	1725
date of birth	Stefan Halper (born 1944) is a foreign policy scholar.	Stefan Halper	1944
date of birth	George Kinnaird, 7th Lord Kinnaird (1754 -- 1805) was a Scottish aristocrat, virtuoso, and banker.	George Kinnaird, 7th Lord Kinnaird	1754
date of birth	Niko Nawaikula (born 16 August 1960) in Suva, also known as Nikolau Tuiqamea, is a Native Fijian politician, who was appointed to the House of Representatives on 22 June 2005.	Niko Nawaikula	16 August 1960
date of birth	Husein Bilal Bosnić (born 1972) is one of the leaders of the Salafi movement in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bilal Bosnić	1972
date of birth	Walter Prystawski, CM (born 1933) is a Canadian violinist.	Walter Prystawski	1933
date of birth	Mark Lock (born 22 September 1979) was a rugby union footballer for Rosslyn Park Leeds and London Wasps.	Mark Lock	22 September 1979
date of birth	Anatolie Doroș (born 21 March 1983) is a Moldovan international footballer who last played as a striker for CS Petrocub.	Anatolie Doroș	21 March 1983
date of birth	Morten Schakenda (born 7 June 1966 in Gjerdsvika, Sunnmøre) is a Norwegian cook, known as one of the leading chefs in the country.	Morten Schakenda	7 June 1966
date of birth	Saul Akkemay (born 14 October 1964), better known by the pen name Panbello, is a Belgian-born freelance publicist and columnist, of German-Jewish paternal descent.	Saul Akkemay	14 October 1964
date of birth	Boris Shpilevsky (born 20 August 1982, Russian: Борис Шпилевский) is a Russian professional road bicycle racer, who rides for UCI Continental Team RTS Racing Team.	Boris Shpilevsky	20 August 1982
date of birth	Alex Portman (born 19 August 1967 in London) is a retired British auto racing driver.	Alex Portman	19 August 1967
date of birth	Andreas Simonsen (born 8 October 1989) is a Swedish auto racing driver from Gothenburg, who mainly competed in the German championship.	Andreas Simonsen	8 October 1989
date of birth	Apostolos Mantzios (born on 21 October 1969) is a football manager and former Greek footballer.	Apostolos Mantzios	21 October 1969
date of birth	Wesam al-Delaema, also known as Wesam Khalaf Chayed Delaeme, born in Fallujah 15 February 1973, is an Iraqi Dutch citizen accused by the United States Department of Justice of conspiring to kill Americans in Iraq.	Wesam al-Delaema	15 February 1973
date of birth	Thais Russomano MD, MSc, PhD (born 25 September 1963) is a Brazilian doctor and scientific researcher specialising in Space medicine.	Thais Russomano	25 September 1963
date of birth	Caitlin Thwaites (born 29 December 1986) is an Australian netball and volleyball player.	Caitlin Thwaites	29 December 1986
date of birth	Richard Geoghegan (Galway), Irish agriculturist, (1717--1800.)	Richard Geoghegan (Galway)	1717
date of birth	Tottie Goldsmith (born Caroline Goldsmith on 27 August 1962) is an Australian actress and singer.	Tottie Goldsmith	27 August 1962
date of birth	Damian Ball (born c. 1976) is a former British Rugby League player and now a coach.	Damian Ball	1976
date of birth	Goran Milošević (Serbian Cyrillic: Горан Милошевић; born 9 July 1972) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a centre-back.	Goran Milošević	9 July 1972
date of birth	Woodrow Gelman (1915 -- February 9, 1978), better known as Woody Gelman, was a publisher, cartoonist, novelist and an artist-writer for both animation and comic books.	Woody Gelman	1915
date of birth	Fu Maoji (Chinese: 傅懋积; pinyin: Fu Màojī; 1911--1988) was a Chinese linguist.	Fu Maoji	1911
date of birth	Beatle Bob (Robert Matonis, born 1953) is a well-known figure in the St. Louis, Missouri music scene.	Beatle Bob	1953
date of birth	Octavius Graham Gilchrist (/ˈɡɪlkrɪst/; 1779--1823) was an English man of letters and antiquary.	Octavius Graham Gilchrist	1779
date of birth	Håkon Haugli (born 21 May 1969) is a Norwegian jurist, administrator and politician for the Labour Party.	Håkon Haugli	1969
date of birth	Darrel Treece-Birch (born 21 January 1967, at Fleetwood, England is an English hard rock/progressive rock keyboard player and songwriter, best known for his work with the Melodic Hard Rock band Ten and the progressive Rock band Nth Ascension.	Darrel Treece-Birch	21 January 1967
date of birth	Onán Barreiros Rodríguez (born 3 November 1981 in Las Palmas, Gran Canaria) is a Spanish sailor, who specialized in two-person dinghy (420 and 470) class.	Onán Barreiros	3 November 1981
date of birth	Nathaniel Barnes (born 6 April 1954) is a Liberian politician and member of the Liberian Destiny Party (LDP).	Nathaniel Barnes	6 April 1954
date of birth	Safiur Rahman Mubarakpuri (صفی الرحمن مبارکپوری; 6 June 1943 -- 1 December 2006) was an Indian writer, best known for his ``The Sealed Nectar'' (Ar-Raheeq Al-Makhtum), a biography of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	Safiur Rahman Mubarakpuri	6 June 1943
date of birth	Chuck Turner (born 1941 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a Boston, Massachusetts politician, activist, and convicted felon, who served on the Boston City Council representing District 7.	Chuck Turner	1941
date of birth	Carl Alfred Meier (19 April 1905 -- 1995) was a Swiss psychiatrist, Jungian psychologist, scholar, and first president of the C. G. Jung Institute in Zürich.	Carl Alfred Meier	19 April 1905
date of birth	Kilza Setti de Castro Lima (born 26 January 1932) is a Brazilian ethnomusicologist, composer, and pianist.	Kilza Setti	26 January 1932
date of birth	Aziz Fuat Güner (born 1 April 1948), better known as Fuat Güner, is a Turkish pop musician, member of the renowned band MFÖ and an actor.	Fuat Güner	1 April 1948
date of birth	Paul Hoover (born 1946) is an American poet and editor born in Harrisonburg, Virginia.	Paul Hoover	1946
date of birth	Todd Sharpville (born 9 April 1970 as The Hon. Roland Augusto Jestyn Estanislao Philipps) is the younger son of the 3rd Viscount St Davids and younger brother of 4th Viscount St Davids.	Todd Sharpville	9 April 1970
date of birth	Imtiaz Hossain (born 24 February 1985) is an experienced First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is also known on scoresheets by his nickname Tanna.	Imtiaz Hossain	24 February 1985
date of birth	Olaf Breuning (born 1970) is a Swiss-born artist who lives in New York.	Olaf Breuning	1970
date of birth	Earl Okin (born 31 January 1947) is a London singer-songwriter, musician and comedian.	Earl Okin	31 January 1947
date of birth	Carmen Nydia Velázquez (born 6 October 1947) is a Puerto Rican comedian and singer.	Carmen Nydia Velázquez	6 October 1947
date of birth	Stephen Benwell, born in Melbourne in 1953, is one of Australia's most distinguished ceramicists.	Stephen Benwell	1953
date of birth	Peter Karter (1922--2010) was an American nuclear engineer and one of the pioneers of the modern recycling industry.	Peter Karter	1922
date of birth	Snehan (Tamil: சினேகன், born Sivaselvam on 23 June 1978) is a Tamil poet, lyricist, actor, Motivational Speaker.	Snehan	23 June 1978
date of birth	John Lombardo (born 30 September 1952) was one of the founding members of the alternative rock band 10,000 Maniacs and one of the band's most influential members, writing much of its early material.	John Lombardo	30 September 1952
date of birth	Pia Waugh (née Smith, born 1979) is a community leader for open government.	Pia Waugh	1979
date of birth	Song Jianping (Chinese: 宋建平, b. March 1965) is a professor specializing in the clinical foundations of Traditional Chinese Medicine (Science of Epidemic Febrile Diseases).	Song Jianping	March 1965
date of birth	Anthony Farnell (born 1978), known as the Woodhouse Warrior, was born in Manchester and grew up in Failsworth, Greater Manchester.	Anthony Farnell	1978
date of birth	Will Randall (born 1966) is an English travel writer.	Will Randall	1966
date of birth	Andy Ricker (born 1964) is an American chef, restaurateur and cookery writer, known for his skill and expertise in northern Thai cuisine.	Andy Ricker	1964
date of birth	Prinz Adrian Johannes Hynne, better known as Adrian Lux, born 1 May 1986, is a Swedish discjockey and music producer.	Adrian Lux	1 May 1986
date of birth	H.R. (Hunting Rod or Human Rights) (born 11 February 1956) is the stage name of Paul D. Hudson, the lead singer of the hardcore punk band Bad Brains.	H.R.	11 February 1956
date of birth	Zdenko Blažeković (23 September 1915 -- 12 January 1947) was a Croatian fascist official who held several posts in the World War II Ustaše regime in the Independent State of Croatia (NDH).	Zdenko Blažeković	23 September 1915
date of birth	Gábor Hraskó (born 26 August 1963) is a Hungarian science communicator and skeptic, well-known within the Hungarian and international movement as the president of the Hungarian Skeptic Society and chairman of the European Council of Skeptical Organisations.	Gábor Hraskó	26 August 1963
date of birth	Albert G. Jackes (1844 - February 8, 1888) was an early Canadian politician and medical doctor.	Albert G. Jackes	1844
date of birth	Arnold Zable (born 1947) is an award winning Australian writer, storyteller, educator and human rights advocate, particularly in the area of migrant education.	Arnold Zable	1947
date of birth	Federico Colombo (born 6 December 1987) is an Italian professional golfer who plays on the European Tour.	Federico Colombo	6 December 1987
date of birth	Lisa Kearney (born 27 May 1989) is an Irish judoka, competing in the 48 kg-category.	Lisa Kearney	27 May 1989
date of birth	Conchita Wurst (also mononymously known as Conchita) is an Austrian pop recording artist and drag queen portrayed by Thomas ``Tom'' Neuwirth (born 6 November 1988).	Conchita Wurst	6 November 1988
date of birth	Lynne Woods Turner (born 1951) is an American contemporary abstract painter.	Lynne Woods Turner	1951
date of birth	Timo Lumme (born 13 June 1961) is the Finnish Managing Director of the IOC television and Marketing Services of the International Olympic Committee (IOC).	Timo Lumme	1961
date of birth	John Saintignon (born 1965 in Tucson, Arizona) is the newly named CEO of Interscholastic Licensing Company (ILC).	John Saintignon	1965
date of birth	Sir (Frederic) Arthur Hirtzel GCB (14 May 1870--1 January 1937) was a British Civil servant in the India Office and an academic.	Arthur Hirtzel	14 May 1870
date of birth	William John Banville (born 8 December 1945), who writes as John Banville and sometimes as Benjamin Black, is an Irish novelist, adapter of dramas, and screenwriter.	John Banville	8 December 1945
date of birth	Marc Breslow (c. 1926--December 1, 2015) was an American television director, specializing in game shows for Mark Goodson Productions.	Marc Breslow	1926
date of birth	Alec Mullen (Alexander Mullen born Irvine, Ayrshire 8 February 1966) is a former Scottish boxer.	Alec Mullen	8 February 1966
date of birth	Owen Livesey (born 3 August 1991) is a British athlete who competes in judo at an international level for Great Britain and England.	Owen Livesey	3 August 1991
date of birth	Joseph H. Burchenal, MD (December 21, 1912 -- March 8, 2006) was an American oncologist, and a winner of the 1972 Albert Lasker Award for Medical Research for his work on developing a chemotherapy for Burkitt's lymphoma.	Joseph H. Burchenal	1912
date of birth	(Patrick) Paddy Clohessy (16 April 1908 -- 6 August 1971) was an Irish sports person and politician.	Paddy Clohessy	16 April 1908
date of birth	Marion van de Kamp (born 23 October 1925) is a German actress and television announcer.	Marion van de Kamp	23 October 1925
date of birth	Matteo Pelatti (born 17 March 1978) is a former Italian professional footballer who plays for Formigine of Italian Serie D, the top level of amateur league.	Matteo Pelatti	17 March 1978
date of birth	John Grieg (18 August 1856 -- 21 April 1905) was a Norwegian printer, publisher and bookseller.	John Grieg	18 August 1856
date of birth	Professor Jeroen van den Hoven (born 1957, Rotterdam) is a Dutch ethicist and a philosophy professor at Delft University of Technology.	Jeroen van den Hoven	1957
date of birth	Nancy Telfer (born Lindsey) (born 8 May 1950) is a Canadian choral conductor, music educator and composer.	Nancy Telfer	8 May 1950
date of birth	Chao Mhoam Gham Le, Chinese name Dao Shixun (刀世勋) (born Jinghong, September 1928) is current hereditary chieftain of the Dai people, and a professor of linguistics.	Dao Shixun	September 1928
date of birth	Dimitri Bisoli (born 25 March 1994) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Serie C club Fidelis Andria since last summer.	Dimitri Bisoli	25 March 1994
date of birth	Jan Claus (Strasbourg 19 June 1641 - 1729) was a leading Quaker in Amsterdam.	Jan Claus	19 June 1641
date of birth	David Ollier Weber (born February 28, 1938) is an American novelist and journalist based in Northern California.	David Ollier Weber	1938
date of birth	John Harrison Minnick (1877--1966) was an American educator, born at Somerset, Ind., and educated at Indiana, Illinois, Chicago, and other universities.	John Harrison Minnick	1877
date of birth	Pompeo Ghitti (1631-1703 or 1704) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in and in towns surrounding Brescia.	Pompeo Ghitti	1631
date of birth	Lygia Bojunga (born 26 August 1932) is a Brazilian writer of children's books under the name Lygia Bojunga Nunes.	Lygia Bojunga Nunes	26 August 1932
date of birth	Traditionally, through the writings of St. Athanasius, it is maintained that Philip of Agira is a saint of the 1st century, born in the year AD 40 in Cappadocia (modern Turkey) and died on 12 May, AD 103.	Philip of Agira	40
date of birth	Nestor Gayowsky (1934), Canadian diplomat.	Nestor Gayowsky	1934
date of birth	William Chester Jordan (born 1948) is an American medievalist, in which field he is a Haskins Medal winner.	William Chester Jordan	1948
date of birth	J.-Eugène Lefrançois (9 August 1896 -- 13 January 1979) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons and the Senate.	J.-Eugène Lefrançois	9 August 1896
date of birth	Johanne Garneau was born in on 21 August 1954, in Princeville, a village in Québec.	Johanne Garneau	21 August 1954
date of birth	Robin Webb (born c. 1945) is an English animal rights activist.	Robin Webb	1945
date of birth	Patrick Subrémon (born 25 November 1947 in Saint-Laurent-d’Aigouze, Gard, Languedoc-Roussillon), is a French civil servant, prefect from 2000.	Patrick Subrémon	25 November 1947
date of birth	Célestin Cibalonza Byaterana (born 1964) is the former governor of Sud-Kivu province.	Célestin Cibalonza Byaterana	1964
date of birth	Mokhtar Haouari (born 1970 in Oran), an Algerian-Canadian, was sentenced to 24 year imprisonment following the Millennium Plot, after investigators traced one of Ahmed Ressam's credit cards to Haouari.	Mokhtar Haouari	1970
date of birth	Abbosbek Makhsatalliev (born 12 January 1994) is an Uzbeki professional football player who plays for Neftchi FK.	Abbosbek Makhsatalliev	12 January 1994
date of birth	John Fulham M.A. (1699 - 1777) was a Canon of Windsor from 1750 to 1777 and Archdeacon of Llandaff from 1749 to 1777	John Fulham	1699
date of birth	Montserrat Lombard (born 1 August 1982) is an English actress best known for playing WPC (later DC) Sharon 'Shaz' Granger in the BBC Drama series Ashes to Ashes.	Montserrat Lombard	1 August 1982
date of birth	Myrthe Hilkens (born 31 January 1979 in Geleen) is a Dutch journalist, non-fiction writer and politician.	Myrthe Hilkens	31 January 1979
date of birth	Paolo Brenner (born 21 May 1966, Höchstädt an der Donau) is a German physician and a professor of cardiac surgery at the Dept. of Cardiac Surgery, Klinikum Großhadern of the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (LMU).	Paolo Brenner	21 May 1966
date of birth	Catherine St Aubyn was born in 1760, she was the daughter of Sir John St Aubyn, 4th Baronet of Clowance in Cornwall.	Catherine St Aubyn	1760
date of birth	Lars Bertmar (born 1945) is a Swedish businessman who was CEO and Chairman of investment bank Carnegie.	Lars Bertmar	1945
date of birth	Bert Hölldobler (born 25 June 1936) is a German behavioral biologist, sociobiologist and evolutionary biologist.	Bert Hölldobler	25 June 1936
date of birth	David Lyndon Emsley FRSC (born 29 November 1964) is a British chemist specialising in solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance.	Lyndon Emsley	29 November 1964
date of birth	Debra Harrison (born 1958) was a Lieutenant Colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve who served in the Coalition Provisional Authority from 2003 to 2004.	Debra Harrison	1958
date of birth	Stefanos Gaitanos (Greek: Στέφανος Γαϊτάνος; born in 1948) is a Greek former professional football (soccer) player who played for the Superleague clubs Veria and Apollon Athens.	Stefanos Gaitanos	1948
date of birth	Alan, Earl of Menteith (d. c. 1310) was a Scottish nobleman.	Alan, Earl of Menteith	1310
date of birth	Phil Barker (born 5 November 1932) is one of the major figures in the development of the modern hobby of tabletop wargaming, particularly that of ancient warfare, and is a co-founder of the Wargames Research Group.	Phil Barker	1932
date of birth	Mark Denney (born 25 January 1975) is a former rugby union footballer who played at centre for Bristol, Castres, Wasps and Cambridge University.	Mark Denney	25 January 1975
date of birth	Anita Rapp (born 24 July 1977) is a former Norwegian footballer and Olympic champion.	Anita Rapp	24 July 1977
date of birth	Stephen Greenleaf (1628 -- 1 December 1690) was an American colonial politician and soldier.	Stephen Greenleaf	1628
date of birth	Elanne Kong (Chinese: 江若琳, born 30 September 1987) is a Hong Kong TVB actress and singer.	Elanne Kong	30 September 1987
date of birth	Bob Tidyman (1891--1916) was an Australian rugby league player and soldier who fell in World War I. A national representative winger, his short club career was played with Sydney's Eastern Suburbs club in the years 1913-15.	Bob Tidyman	1891
date of birth	Brigadier-General Armine Simcoe Henry Mountain CB (4 February 1797 -- 8 February 1854) was a British Army officer who served as Adjutant-General in India.	Armine Simcoe Henry Mountain	1797
date of birth	Mehmet Shpendi, also known as Sokol Shpendi (1851--1915), a nationalist figure and guerrilla fighter, was one of the leading commanders of the Albanian Revolt of 1910,1911,1912 against Ottoman Empire and struggle for liberty against Kingdom of Montenegro in 1915.	Mehmet Shpendi	1851
date of birth	Constantin Atanasescu (born 1885) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He retired in 1940.	Constantin Atanasescu	1885
date of birth	Nazario Nazari (1724- after 1793) was an Italian painter, active in a late-Baroque or Rococo style, in and around Venice.	Nazario Nazari	1724
date of birth	David Ananou (1917--2000) was a writer from Togo, and the author of Le Fils du fétiche.	David Ananou	1917
date of birth	Juqu Mengxun (Chinese: 沮渠蒙遜; 368--433) was a king of the Xiongnu state Northern Liang, and the first from the Juqu clan.	Juqu Mengxun	368
date of birth	Graham Deakin (born circa 1950, Chelmsford, Essex, England) is an English rock drummer, who was the main drummer for John Entwistle's touring band, Ox, from 1972 until 1977.	Graham Deakin	1950
date of birth	Hannah Maybank (born in Stafford 1974) is a British artist best known for the ripped and distressed surfaces of her three-dimensional paintings in acrylic.	Hannah Maybank	1974
date of birth	Gill Marcus (born 10 August 1949) was the ninth Governor of the South African Reserve Bank, the first woman to hold the position.	Gill Marcus	10 August 1949
date of birth	Mirosław Żak - born 10 September 1936 in Katowice (Poland)) surveyor, Professor of technical sciences, Professor of Agricultural University of Kraków (Head of the Department of Geodesy (1991), Head of the Department of Higher Geodesy (1992), Head of the Department of Geodesy (2004-2006).	Mirosław Żak	10 September 1936
date of birth	Lisa John (born 14 August 1981) is an English ten-pin bowler.	Lisa John	14 August 1981
date of birth	Holly Neill (born 6 April 1989) is a parasport track and field athlete from England competing in category F41 throwing events.	Holly Neill	6 April 1989
date of birth	Kálmán Katona (Hungarian: Katona Kálmán born 8 April 1948, Pécs,) is a Hungarian politician and former member of the Parliament, President of the Electorate of the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) conservative party.	Kálmán Katona	8 April 1948
date of birth	Per Torsvik (30 November 1925 -- 1998) was a Norwegian political scientist and media scholar.	Per Torsvik	1925
date of birth	Henry Edward Bedford (1860--1932) was an American painter and sculptor who designed the four-faced clock on top of the information booth located in Grand Central Terminal in New York City.	Henry Edward Bedford	1860
date of birth	Linda Amos (born 22 June 1946), later known by her married name Linda Skirton, is a British former competitive swimmer and freestyle specialist who represented Great Britain in the Olympics and European championships, and swam for England in the Commonwealth Games.	Linda Amos	22 June 1946
date of birth	Aristidis Kamaras (Greek: Αριστείδης Καμάρας), (born 2 March 1939) is a retired Greek footballer and lawyer.	Aristidis Kamaras	2 March 1939
date of birth	D. W. Wilson (David William) (born 1985) is a Canadian author born in Cranbrook, British Columbia.	D. W. Wilson	1985
date of birth	Étienne Chambaud (born 1980) is a French artist based in Paris.	Étienne Chambaud	1980
date of birth	Jin Yinhuan (Chinese: 金银焕; pinyin: Jīn Yínhuàn; March 1952 -- October 2008) was a Chinese politician from Shanxi province.	Jin Yinhuan	March 1952
date of birth	Bianca Sánchez (born in 1996) is a Uruguayan model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Uruguay 2015 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2015 pageant.	Bianca Sánchez	1996
date of birth	Virginia Emerson Hopkins (born 1952) is a District Judge for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama.	Virginia Emerson Hopkins	1952
date of birth	Patrick N'Koyi-Kiabu (born 1 January 1990) is a Congolese-Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker for Liga II club Rapid Bucureşti.	Patrick N'Koyi	1 January 1990
date of birth	Vico Thai (born 16 April 1981) is an Australian actor, best known for his work in Foxtel's Dangerous (TV series), East West 101, and Mother Fish.	Vico Thai	16 April 1981
date of birth	Marshall Scott Poole (born 1951) is an American communication researcher and Professor of Communication at the University of Illinois at Urbana--	Marshall Scott Poole	1951
date of birth	Abdul Karim Al-Orrayed (Arabic: عبد الكريم العريض; born in 1934) is a professional artist in Bahrain.	Abdul Karim Al-Orrayed	1934
date of birth	Nabor Vargas García (born 12 July 1976) is a soldier-turned-drug trafficker who founded the Mexican criminal organization known as Los Zetas along with other ex-soldiers.	Nabor Vargas García	12 July 1976
date of birth	Jeffrey K. Zeig (born 6 November 1947), is a writer, teacher and practitioner of psychotherapy.	Jeffrey K. Zeig	6 November 1947
date of birth	Arthur Chute McGill (1926 -- September 10, 1980) was a Canadian born American theologian and philosopher.	Arthur Chute McGill	1926
date of birth	Peter Safran (born 22 November 1965) is a British film producer and manager.	Peter Safran	22 November 1965
date of birth	Sir John Bull (1672-1742) was a prominent businessman in the City of London trading with the Levant, who served as Sheriff of London.	Sir John Bull	1672
date of birth	Lelo Nika (Лело Ника) (1969-) is a Serbian and Romanian Romani accordionist who lives in Denmark.	Lelo Nika	1969
date of birth	Bagun Sumbrai (born 24 February 1924), an ethnic Ho or Kolhan (indigenous tribal), is an Indian politician and a former member of the 14th Lok Sabha.	Bagun Sumbrai	24 February 1924
date of birth	Jeremy Houghton, (born 13 June 1974) is an internationally recognized British fine artist who paints primarily with oils and watercolours.	Jeremy Houghton	13 June 1974
date of birth	Baron Baudouin Michiels (born 17 May 1941) is a Belgian businessman, who worked mainly in the food industry.	Baudouin Michiels	17 May 1941
date of birth	Franz Gertsch (born 8 March 1930) is a Swiss painter known for his large format hyperrealistic portraits.	Franz Gertsch	8 March 1930
date of birth	Jelle Wallays (born 11 May 1989) is a Belgian road cyclist, currently riding for UCI Professional Continental team Topsport Vlaanderen--	Jelle Wallays	11 May 1989
date of birth	Jia Sidao (1213-1275) was a chancellor during the late Song dynasty of China, the brother of a concubine of Emperor Lizong, a subsequent relationship of special favor of Emperor Duzong, and with roles in the Mongol-Song Battle of Xiangyang and an unpopular land nationalization program in the 1260s.	Jia Sidao	1213
date of birth	William Matthew McCarter (born 1970 in St. Louis, MO) is a Pushcart nominated American author and scholar who has written extensively about ``white trash'' culture in fiction and nonfiction.	William Matthew McCarter	1970
date of birth	Donald Rumbelow (b. 1940) is a British former City of London Police officer, crime historian, and ex-curator of the City of London Police's Crime Museum.	Donald Rumbelow	1940
date of birth	Very Idham Henyansyah (born 1 February 1978), also known as Ryan, is an Indonesian convicted serial killer.	Very Idham Henyansyah	1 February 1978
date of birth	Andrea Masiello (born 5 February 1986) is an Italian footballer, who plays as a right-back for Atalanta.	Andrea Masiello	5 February 1986
date of birth	Jay Lelliott (born 1 February 1995) is an English freestyle swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 400 m event at the 2014 European Aquatics Championships.	Jay Lelliott	1 February 1995
date of birth	Francesc Morera i Cots (Sant Mateu, 4 April 1731 -- Valencia, 17 October 1793), was a Valencian composer in the baroque style.	Francesc Morera i Cots	4 April 1731
date of birth	Dale Belford (born 11 July 1967) is an English football manager and former player who is currently the manager at Rugby Town.	Dale Belford	11 July 1967
date of birth	Annabelle Lopez Ochoa (born 30 April 1973) is an international choreographer based out of Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Annabelle Lopez Ochoa	30 April 1973
date of birth	Debra Stephenson (born 4 June 1972 in Hull) is an English actress, comedienne, impressionist and singer.	Debra Stephenson	4 June 1972
date of birth	Air Chief Marshal Georgios Avlonitis (Greek: Γεώργιος Αυλωνίτης, born 24 January 1950) is a retired Greek Air Force officer and former Chief of the Air Force General Staff.	Georgios Avlonitis	24 January 1950
date of birth	John Powles (1948 -- March 14, 2010) was the Canadian president of the Canada-Japan Society and an important figure within Canadian-Japanese relations for more than 25 years.	John Powles	1948
date of birth	Martin De La See (1420 -- 15 December 1494) was the son of Brian De La See, by Maud, daughter and heiress of John Monceaux.	Martin De La See	1420
date of birth	Magne Dæhli (born 24 April 1987) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor, ski-orienteer and cross-country skier.	Magne Dæhli	1987
date of birth	John Augustus (1785 -- June 21, 1859) was a Boston boot maker who is called the ``Father of Probation'' in the United States because of his pioneering efforts to campaign for more lenient sentences for convicted criminals based on their backgrounds.	John Augustus	1785
date of birth	Ebenezer Sunder Singh (born 16 April 1967) is an Indian-born visual artist based in Brooklyn, New York.	Ebenezer Sunder Singh	16 April 1967
date of birth	David More (born 1954) is a Scottish botanical illustrator.	David More	1954
date of birth	Maurizio Cheli (born 4 May 1959) is an Italian air force officer, a European Space Agency astronaut and a veteran of one NASA space shuttle mission.	Maurizio Cheli	4 May 1959
date of birth	Dr. Alyson Jones (born 1956) is a British GP and former swimming champion.	Alyson Jones	1956
date of birth	Yang Wanli (or Yang Wan-Li) (楊萬里) (1127--1206) was a Chinese poet, born in Jishui, Jiangxi.	Yang Wanli	1127
date of birth	John Frieda (born Alan Howard Frieda, 9 July 1951) is a British celebrity hairstylist and founder of hair salon and hair product businesses.	John Frieda	9 July 1951
date of birth	Juan Gabriel Vásquez (born 1973) is a Colombian writer, best known for his novel The Sound of Things Falling, originally published in 2011.	Juan Gabriel Vásquez	1973
date of birth	Lois de Banzie (born 4 May 1930) is a Scottish-born United States-based stage, film, and television actress.	Lois de Banzie	4 May 1930
date of birth	Sam Dastor (born 2 October 1941) is an actor best known for his appearances in British television series.	Sam Dastor	2 October 1941
date of birth	Éric Angelvy (Saint-Ouen, 11 November 1968) is a French former racing driver.	Éric Angelvy	11 November 1968
date of birth	Brenda Maddox, Lady Maddox FRSL (born 24 February 1932) is an American author, journalist, and biographer, who has lived in the UK since 1959.	Brenda Maddox	24 February 1932
date of birth	Robin Sewell (born 22 December 1979) is a professional ballroom dancer.	Robin Sewell	22 December 1979
date of birth	Francisco Palacios (born 25 May 1977 in Bronx, New York) is a professional Puerto Rican boxer.	Francisco Palacios	25 May 1977
date of birth	Helen Dryden (1887 -- 1972) was an American artist and successful industrial designer in the 1920s and 1930s.	Helen Dryden	1887
date of birth	Shmuel Yaakov Weinberg, known as Yaakov Weinberg (also Jacob S. Weinberg) (1923 -- July 1, 1999) was an Orthodox Jewish rabbi, Talmudist, and rosh yeshiva (dean) of Ner Israel Rabbinical College in Baltimore, Maryland one of the major American non-Hasidic yeshivas.	Yaakov Weinberg	1923
date of birth	Prince Konrad of Bavaria (German: Konrad Luitpold Franz Joseph Maria Prinz von Bayern; 22 November 1883 -- 6 September 1969) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach.	Prince Konrad of Bavaria	22 November 1883
date of birth	Reza Ghassemi (Persian: رضا قاسمی‎; born 1949) is an Iranian novelist and musician.	Reza Ghassemi	1949
date of birth	William Henry Blackmore (2 August 1827 -- 12 April 1878) was an English lawyer who gained a fortune by exploiting a large social network as an investment promoter.	William Henry Blackmore	2 August 1827
date of birth	Debbie Thrower (born 17 November 1957) is a British journalist and broadcaster who presented ITV Meridian's flagship news programme Meridian Tonight (southern edition) from its inception in 1993 to 2009.	Debbie Thrower	17 November 1957
date of birth	Emma Heming Willis (born 18 June 1978) is an English model and actress.	Emma Heming	18 June 1978
date of birth	Lizette Thorne (24 November 1882 -- 3 November 1970) was an English-born silent film actress.	Lizette Thorne	24 November 1882
date of birth	Charles St John David (1855-1924) was a British born, Australian civil engineer.	Charles St John David	1855
date of birth	Gary Heidt (born Houston, Texas 1970) is a conceptual artist, experimental poet, musician, librettist, literary agent, and co-founder of Lovesphere, a 67-year performance project initiated in 1996, and more recently, the Perceiver of Sound League.	Gary Heidt	1970
date of birth	Asako Narahashi (born in Tokyo, 1959) is a Tokyo-based Japanese photographer.	Asako Narahashi	1959
date of birth	Ramutė Aleksandra Jasudytė (born 30 November 1930 Kaunas) is a Lithuanian textile artist.	Ramutė Aleksandra Jasudytė	30 November 1930
date of birth	Johan Furåker (born in 1978 in Uppsala) is a Swedish artist.	Johan Furåker	1978
date of birth	Reham Al-Farra (1974 -- 2003) was a Jordanian diplomat and Journalist who was murdered in the Canal Hotel bombing in 2003.	Reham Al-Farra	1974
date of birth	Elias Langham (1749 -- April 1830), born in Essex County, Virginia, was an American politician, land surveyor and soldier.	Elias Langham	1749
date of birth	Juan de Courten (elder) or Juan Antonio Curten Massenet or Juan Courten or Juan Curten (10 October 1730 -- 21 December 1796) began his Spanish military career in the War of the Austrian Succession at the age of 14.	Juan de Courten (elder)	10 October 1730
date of birth	Dr. Hasan Hüseyin Can (born 1960) is a Turkish civil servant.	Hasan Hüseyin Can	1960
date of birth	Leif Alpsjö (born 1943, Uppsala) is a Swedish folk musician.	Leif Alpsjö	1943
date of birth	Owen Brenman (born 17 December 1956 in Ealing, London) is an English actor best known for his role as next-door neighbour Nick Swainey in the multi-award-winning BBC sitcom One Foot in the Grave, which ran for ten years (1990--2000) and was written by David Renwick.	Owen Brenman	17 December 1956
date of birth	Matilda of Hainaut (29 November 1293 -- 1331) was the Princess of Achaea from 1313 to 1318.	Matilda of Hainaut	29 November 1293
date of birth	Vincenzo De Feo (Campobasso, 1876 - Roma, 1955) was an Italian Admiral.	Vincenzo De Feo	1876
date of birth	Cliff Simon (born 7 September 1962) is a South African athlete and actor, best known for his portrayal of Ba'al in Stargate SG-1.	Cliff Simon	7 September 1962
date of birth	Katja Kassin (born 24 September 1979) is the stage name of a German pornographic actress.	Katja Kassin	24 September 1979
date of birth	Riki Turofsky (born 20 February 1944 in Toronto) is a Canadian concert and opera soprano, broadcaster, and video producer.	Riki Turofsky	20 February 1944
date of birth	Zhu Shaolian (Chinese: 朱少连) (1887 - January 8, 1929) courtesy name Hanying (Chinese: 汉英) was a member of the 3rd Central Executive Committee of the Communist Party of China.	Zhu Shaolian	1887
date of birth	Derek Lewin (born 18 May 1930) is an English former amateur international footballer.	Derek Lewin	18 May 1930
date of birth	Stefano Grondona is an Italian classical guitarist born in 1958.	Stefano Grondona	1958
date of birth	Simon Milward (born Strete, Devon, UK 28 January 1965, died Mali 4 March 2005) was the General Secretary of the Federation of European Motorcyclists Associations (FEMA), based in Brussels, Belgium from 1992 to 1999.	Simon Milward	28 January 1965
date of birth	Alex Ogilvy (26 December 1901 -- 18 November 1984) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alex Ogilvy	26 December 1901
date of birth	Maša Stokić (née Jeremic), born in Belgrade, Serbia, in 1966 is a dramatist and drama critic.	Maša Stokić	1966
date of birth	Alessandro Romeo (born 19 January 1987 Rome) is an Italian footballer who plays for Trapani.	Alessandro Romeo	19 January 1987
date of birth	Blair Lekstrom (born 1961) is a Canadian politician, formerly a member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia.	Blair Lekstrom	1961
date of birth	Heimir Einarsson (born 20 April 1987) is a retired Icelandic football player who played for Icelandic football club ÍA.	Heimir Einarsson	20 April 1987
date of birth	Xaver Varnus (born 29 April 1964 in Budapest) is a Hungarian organist, improvisor, writer, and television personality.	Xaver Varnus	29 April 1964
date of birth	Hisao Shinagawa (born 1946) is a Japanese-born songwriter and performer who lives in Los Angeles, California.	Hisao Shinagawa	1946
date of birth	Rowland Pugh (born 1579, date of death unknown) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1624 to 1625.	Rowland Pugh	1579
date of birth	Michelangelo Rucci (born 10 November 1963) is an Australian sports journalist, and writer.	Michelangelo Rucci	10 November 1963
date of birth	Raymond Lawrence Riley (born 1971), better known by his stage name Boots Riley, is an American poet, rapper, songwriter, producer, screenwriter, humorist, political organizer, community activist, lecturer, and public speaker- best known as the lead vocalist of The Coup and Street Sweeper Social Club.	Boots Riley	1971
date of birth	Aric Yegudkin is an Australian choreographer and professional dancer born on 14 November 1985.	Aric Yegudkin	14 November 1985
date of birth	Swaroop Kanchi (born 29 June 1983) is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter.	Swaroop Kanchi	29 June 1983
date of birth	Thitima Muangjan (born 13 April 1983) is a Thai athlete who specialises in the triple jump.	Thitima Muangjan	13 April 1983
date of birth	Marjan Borsjes (born 1957, Alkmaar) is a Dutch photographer who evolved from her background of social science and community development to become a social photographer.	Marjan Borsjes	1957
date of birth	Chan-hon Goh (simplified Chinese: 吴振红; traditional Chinese: 吳振紅; pinyin: Wú Zhènhóng; Jyutping: Ng4 Zan3 hung4), born in 1969 in Beijing, China, is a Chinese-born Canadian ballet dancer.	Chan-hon Goh	1969
date of birth	Colin Blumenau (born London, 7 August 1956) is a British writer and theatre director.	Colin Blumenau	7 August 1956
date of birth	Tom Springfield (born Dionysius P. A. O'Brien, 2 July 1934, and known when young as Dion O'Brien), was an important figure in the 1960s folk and pop music scene.	Tom Springfield	2 July 1934
date of birth	Wassana Winatho (Thai: วาสนา วินาโท; born 30 June 1980 in Prachinburi), also known as Amornrat Winatho and Vassanee Vinatho, is a Thai track and field athlete who specialises in the heptathlon and the 400 metres hurdles.	Wassana Winatho	30 June 1980
date of birth	Claudia Christen (Bern, Switzerland, 1973) is a multi-disciplinary designer with roots in photography, best known for her design of the New York City taxi logo.	Claudia Christen	1973
date of birth	Verden Allen (born Terence Allen, 26 May 1944, Crynant, Neath, Wales, UK) is an organ player and founding member of 1970s rock band, Mott the Hoople.	Verden Allen	26 May 1944
date of birth	Wally Shoup (born 1944) is an American jazz alto saxophonist and painter.	Wally Shoup	1944
date of birth	Eckard Wimmer (born 22 May 1936) is a German American virologist, organic chemist and distinguished professor of molecular genetics and microbiology at Stony Brook University.	Eckard Wimmer	22 May 1936
date of birth	Jason A. Archinaco (born 1970) is an attorney known for the handling of the first virtual property lawsuit in the United States, Bragg v. Linden Research, Inc. That case is believed to have resolved confidentially.	Jason A. Archinaco	1970
date of birth	He Xiangjian (Chinese: 何享健, born 1942) is the co-founder of Midea, one of China's largest appliance makers.	He Xiangjian	1942
date of birth	Norbert Busè, born 1963, is a German documentary filmmaker, film producer, and director.	Norbert Busè	1963
date of birth	Kwok Fung (born 27 October 1951 in Hong Kong) is a veteran actor from Hong Kong.	Kwok Fung	27 October 1951
date of birth	Charles Inman (1810 -- April 9, 1899) was an American politician, soldier and farmer, who served two terms in the Tennessee House of Representatives, from 1865 to 1869.	Charles Inman	1810
date of birth	Constanza Oriani (born 14 April 1962) is an Argentine fencer.	Constanza Oriani	14 April 1962
date of birth	Jerome H. Joyce, Sr. (1865 -- March 15, 1924) was president of the Aero Club of Baltimore and owner of the Joyce Hotel.	Jerome H. Joyce	1865
date of birth	Charles Heron Mullan CBE DL (17 February 1912--26 October 1996), known as C. H. Mullan, was a judge and unionist politician in Northern Ireland.	Charles Heron Mullan	1912
date of birth	Heidi Roizen (born 1958 in Stanford, California) is a Silicon Valley executive, venture capitalist, and entrepreneur.	Heidi Roizen	1958
date of birth	Brenton Lawrence (born 29 December 1984 in Mackay, Queensland) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles of the National Rugby League (NRL).	Brenton Lawrence	29 December 1984
date of birth	Adal Soomro was born on 15 August 1955 in the home of Mohammad Saleh Soomro.	Adal Soomro	15 August 1955
date of birth	Laura Ashley (7 September 1925 -- 17 September 1985) was a Welsh fashion designer and businesswoman.	Laura Ashley	7 September 1925
date of birth	James Evan Bruce Baillie (1859 -- 6 May 1931) was Unionist MP for Inverness-shire.	James Evan Bruce Baillie	1859
date of birth	Per Terje Vold (born 6 April 1945) is a Norwegian civil servant and businessperson.	Per Terje Vold	6 April 1945
date of birth	Todd Portune (born 1958) is an American lawyer and politician who considered becoming a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Ohio in the 2014 election.	Todd Portune	1958
date of birth	Sophie Rimheden (born 24 March 1975) is a Swedish electronica artist.	Sophie Rimheden	24 March 1975
date of birth	Robyn Slovo (b. 1953) is a South African film producer.	Robyn Slovo	1953
date of birth	Ajay Govind (born 22 September 1982) is an Indian film director, screenwriter, corporate trainer and anti-ragging activist.	Ajay Govind	22 September 1982
date of birth	Markus Hofmann (born 5 April 1975 in Nabburg) is a professional memory trainer, a Keynote Speaker having received a manifold of achievement awards, associate lecturer and author concerning the topics Memory Training and the Brain.	Markus Hofmann	5 April 1975
date of birth	Werner Zimmermann (born 19 May 1915) is a retired Swiss slalom and sprint canoeist who competed from the mid-1930s to the mid-1950s.	Werner Zimmermann	19 May 1915
date of birth	Anand Tucker (born 24 June 1963) is a film director and producer based in London.	Anand Tucker	24 June 1963
date of birth	Ocean Hellman (born Crystal Ocean Supri Heavenly Blue Sky Hellman, 8 November 1971) is a Canadian actress, former child actress.	Ocean Hellman	8 November 1971
date of birth	Ryan Lonie (born 4 March 1983) is a former Collingwood footballer in the Australian Football League.	Ryan Lonie	4 March 1983
date of birth	Christian Atsu Twasam (born 10 January 1992) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Málaga on loan from Chelsea, and the Ghanaian national team.	Christian Atsu	10 January 1992
date of birth	Petru Pascari (b. 22 September 1929, Stroenţi) was a Moldavian SSR politician.	Petru Pascari	22 September 1929
date of birth	Alexandros Vergonis (born 1 December 1985 in Veria) is a Greek footballer who plays for Veria in the Superleague Greece as a Midfielder.	Alexandros Vergonis	1 December 1985
date of birth	Vice-Admiral P. Dean McFadden, CMM, CD (born July 1957) is a retired officer of the Canadian Forces.	Dean McFadden	July 1957
date of birth	Mijiddorjiin Khanddorj (Mongolian: Мижиддоржийн Ханддорж, Tibetan: མི་བསྐྱོད་རྡོ་རྗེ་ཡི། མཁའ་འགྲོ་རྡོ་རྗེ།, Wylie: mi bskyod rdo rje yi mkha' 'gro rdo rje; 1869 -- 1915), also known by his title Chin Van Khanddorj, was an aristocrat and prominent early 20th century Mongolian independence leader.	Mijiddorjiin Khanddorj	1869
date of birth	Guy Mercer (born 12 December 1989 in Bristol) is a Rugby Union player for Bath in the Aviva Premiership.	Guy Mercer	12 December 1989
date of birth	Fahd Faraj al-Juwair (Arabic: فهد فرج الجوير‎) (1969 -- 28 February 2006) was a high-ranking member of al-Qaeda who was the highest member of that organization in Saudi Arabia at the point of his death.	Fahd Faraj al-Juwair	1969
date of birth	James Caudy (1707 -- March 15, 1784) was an American frontiersman, settler, and landowner in the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians of the Colony of Virginia--present-day West Virginia.	James Caudy	1707
date of birth	Ho Kam-fai, CBE, JP (born 1933, Hong Kong) is a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Ho Kam-fai	1933
date of birth	John Halls (born 14 February 1982) is a Model and former English footballer.	John Halls	14 February 1982
date of birth	José Juan Luque Jiménez (born 16 October 1977) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a left winger.	José Juan Luque	16 October 1977
date of birth	Sir Ralph Sadler PC, Knight banneret (1507 -- 30 March 1587; also spelled Sadleir, Sadlier) was an English statesman, who served Henry VIII as Privy Councillor, Secretary of State and ambassador to Scotland.	Ralph Sadler	1507
date of birth	Luigia Massari (Piacenza, 1810 -1898) was an Italian painter and embroiderer.	Luigia Massari	1810
date of birth	Robyn Few was born on Oct 7, 1958, in Paducah, Kentucky, and died Sept 13, 2012, after a long struggle with cancer.	Robyn Few	1958
date of birth	Françoise Dupuis (born 18 July 1949) is a Belgian politician who was a Minister for the Parti Socialiste.	Françoise Dupuis	18 July 1949
date of birth	Richard Ainley (22 December 1910 -- 18 May 1967) was a stage and film actor, son of Henry Ainley and half-brother of Anthony Ainley.	Richard Ainley	22 December 1910
date of birth	Leydy Bonilla(born 1980) is a Dominican-American bachata singer.	Leydy Bonilla	1980
date of birth	Holly Goldberg Sloan (born 1958) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter and New York Times bestselling novelist.	Holly Goldberg Sloan	1958
date of birth	Grand Duchess Alexandra Nikolaevna of Russia (24 June 1825 -- 10 August 1844) was the youngest daughter of Tsar Nicholas I, Emperor of Russia, and his wife, Princess Charlotte of Prussia.	Grand Duchess Alexandra Nikolaevna of Russia	24 June 1825
date of birth	Per Ragnar, Per-Erik Ragnar (born 29 May 1941), is a Swedish actor, director and author.	Per Ragnar	29 May 1941
date of birth	Janie Tienphosuwan (Thai: เจนี่ เทียนโพธิ์สุวรรณ์; born 11 September 1981 in Los Angeles, California) is an American-born Thai actress and model.	Janie Tienphosuwan	11 September 1981
date of birth	Lulu Vere Childers (1870 - March 6, 1946 in Dryridge, Kentucky) was an African-American music educator.	Lulu Vere Childers	1870
date of birth	Cal Alley (1915 -- November 10, 1970) was the editorial cartoonist for The Commercial Appeal in Memphis, Tennessee from 1945 until 1970.	Cal Alley	1915
date of birth	Kim Hong-do (김홍도, b. 1745, d. 1806?-1814?), most often styled Danwon 단원, was a full-time painter of the Joseon period of Korea.	Kim Hong-do	1745
date of birth	James Russell Vineyard (1804 -- August 30, 1863) was a United States Democratic politician and pioneer.	James Russell Vineyard	1804
date of birth	Candace Charles (born 1990) is a Guyanese beauty ambassador and local model who has been a representative for the country in various pageants including Miss World 2007 held in China, and Miss Europe & World Junior pageant in Czech Republic from September 20 to October 5, 2008.	Candace Charles	1990
date of birth	Ohn Than (Burmese: အုန်းသန်း, pronounced: (ʔóʊɴ θáɴ); commonly written U Ohn Than, following Burmese honorific conventions; born 1946) is a Burmese democracy activist who received international attention for his ``stoic one-man protests''.	Ohn Than	1946
date of birth	Alexandros Mazarakis-Ainian (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Μαζαράκης-Αινιάν, 1874--1943) was a Greek Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General.	Alexandros Mazarakis-Ainian	1874
date of birth	Walter Kotaba (born 1944) is a Polish-American businessman and multicultural media executive.	Walter Kotaba	1944
date of birth	Bhajan Sopori (born 1948 in Srinagar, Kashmir) is an Indian instrumentalist.	Bhajan Sopori	1948
date of birth	Ahmed Abd El-Zaher (Arabic: أحمد عبد الظاهر‎ born 15 January 1985 in Gharbia) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for the Egyptian Premier League side ENPPI on loan from Al-Ahly.	Ahmed Abd El-Zaher	15 January 1985
date of birth	Maggie Shah (Born 1951 in USA) is an entrepreneuse, industrialist, and social worker in Nepal.	Maggie Shah	1951
date of birth	Michael Anthony Barnett, (born 5 December 1988) better known by his stage name Mike Beatz, is a Jamaican hip-hop recording artist and producer from Kingston, Jamaica.	Mike Beatz	5 December 1988
date of birth	Milen Lahchev (Bulgarian: Милен Лахчев; born 1 April 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for and captains Marek Dupnitsa as a defender.	Milen Lahchev	1 April 1987
date of birth	Ashleigh Sykes (born 15 December 1991) is an Australian international football player, who currently plays for Canberra United in the Australian W-League.	Ashleigh Sykes	15 December 1991
date of birth	Jasper Steverlinck (born 30 April 1976) is a Belgian Flemish singer and guitarist for Ghent-based Arid.	Jasper Steverlinck	30 April 1976
date of birth	Zhao Yanmin (Chinese: 赵艳敏; born 16 January 1991) is a Chinese track and field sprint athlete who specialises in the 400 metres.	Zhao Yanmin	16 January 1991
date of birth	SS-Brigadeführer Emil Otto Rasch (7 December 1891 -- 1 November 1948) was a high-ranking Nazi official in the occupied Eastern territories, commanding Einsatzgruppe C (northern and central Ukraine) until October 1941.	Otto Rasch	7 December 1891
date of birth	Neal Foulds (born 13 July 1963) is a former English professional snooker player and is now a commentator on the sport.	Neal Foulds	13 July 1963
date of birth	Mikhail Markosov (Russian: Михаил Серге́евич Маркосов; born 29 June 1985) is an Armenian-Russian football player who currently plays striker for the Armenian national team.	Mikhail Markosov	29 June 1985
date of birth	Christos Zoumis (Greek: Χρήστος Ζούμης, born 1875, date of death unknown) was a Greek athlete.	Christos Zoumis	1875
date of birth	Chaim Schochet (born 1987) is an American real estate executive, developer, and manager at Optima Ventures, the largest holder of real estate in Downtown Cleveland.	Chaim Schochet	1987
date of birth	Lionel Faretein (born 20 February 1982) is an Argentine-Israeli musician and singer-songwriter.	Lionel Faretein	20 February 1982
date of birth	Zhiwu Chen (Chinese: 陈志武; born July 1962) is a Professor of Finance at Yale School of Management, specializing in finance theory, securities valuation, and the economy of China.	Zhiwu Chen	1962
date of birth	Marija Vuković (born 21 January 1992) is a Montenegrin athlete specializing in the high jump.	Marija Vuković	21 January 1992
date of birth	Saga Becker (born 1988) is a Swedish actress and transgender woman.	Saga Becker	1988
date of birth	Kasma Loha-unchit (born 1950 in Thailand) is a Thai-American cooking teacher, author, and tour guide.	Kasma Loha-unchit	1950
date of birth	Kathy Barker (b. 1953) is a scientist/writer who focuses on science management and on communicating science to society.	Kathy Barker	1953
date of birth	Hervé Schneid (born 12 May 1956) is a French film editor, who has edited most of the films by Jean-Pierre Jeunet.	Hervé Schneid	12 May 1956
date of birth	George Pescott (christened 29 June 1806) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex.	George Pescott	29 June 1806
date of birth	Rino Pretto (born 13 June 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for various clubs in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) and with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Rino Pretto	13 June 1959
date of birth	Lothar Machtan (born 4 October 1949) is a German historian, writer, as well as Professor of Modern and Current History at the University of Bremen.	Lothar Machtan	4 October 1949
date of birth	Aksana Miankova, also transliterated as Oksana Menkova, (Belarusian: Аксана Мянькова, born 28 March 1982) is a Belarusian hammer thrower.	Aksana Miankova	28 March 1982
date of birth	Kristian Eidnes Andersen (born 2 July 1966) is a Danish film audio engineer and composer.	Kristian Eidnes Andersen	2 July 1966
date of birth	Matthieu Le Carpentier (born 22 September 1981 in Hérouville-Saint-Clair, Lower Normandy), better known by his stage name Skread ((ˈskʁɛd)), is a French record producer, songwriter and musician.	Skread	22 September 1981
date of birth	Julius Jia Zhiguo (born 1935) is an underground bishop of the Roman Catholic Church in the People's Republic of China.	Julius Jia Zhiguo	1935
date of birth	August Wöhler (22 June 1819 -- 21 March 1914) was a German railway engineer, best remembered for his systematic investigations of metal fatigue.	August Wöhler	22 June 1819
date of birth	Carl Amos (born 30 March 1973) is an English cricketer who played all his 13 List A games for Norfolk County Cricket Club.	Carl Amos	30 March 1973
date of birth	Nida Sinnokrot (1971) is a Palestinian-American artist, focusing on installation art, and filmmaker.	Nida Sinnokrot	1971
date of birth	Angus Barnett (born 1963) is an English actor known for his repeated roles in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series and the British ITV series Dead Man Weds (2005).	Angus Barnett	1963
date of birth	Erica Yuen Mi-ming (Chinese: 袁彌明, born 28 September 1980) is a Hong Kong politician, actress, and presenter.	Erica Yuen	28 September 1980
date of birth	Adam Langer (born 1967) is an American author best known for his novel Crossing California, which was published in 2004.	Adam Langer	1967
date of birth	Péter Szijjártó (born on 30 October 1978) is a Hungarian politician, who has been Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade since 23 September 2014.	Péter Szijjártó	30 October 1978
date of birth	Lars Björn Gustafsson (born 19 February 1986) is a Swedish comedian and actor.	Björn Gustafsson	19 February 1986
date of birth	Lois Michele Young, (born 19 January 1951) is a Belizean diplomat who currently serves as the Permanent Representative of Belize to the United Nations.	Lois Michele Young	19 January 1951
date of birth	Arturo Herrera (born 1959) is a Venezuelan visual artist who exhibits internationally, known for his melding of cartoons and collage.	Arturo Herrera	1959
date of birth	Josephine Kermode (1852--1937) was a Manx poet and playwright better known by the pen name ``Cushag''.	Josephine Kermode	1852
date of birth	Assaf Hefetz (born 1944) was commissioner of the Israeli Police.	Assaf Hefetz	1944
date of birth	Joanna Shields, Baroness Shields, OBE (born 12 July 1962) is an Anglo-American technology executive and working peer.	Joanna Shields, Baroness Shields	12 July 1962
date of birth	Mariane Theresia Sophie Stebnowska (or Maria Sofia Stempkosta; 1753 -- 16 February 1848), was a Polish opera singer, actor and harpist.	Sophie Stebnowska	1753
date of birth	Michael Danan Henry (born 1939) is an American Roshi in the Harada-Yasutani tradition (``Sanbo Kyodan'', a Zen sect derived from both the Rinzai and Sōtō traditions of Japanese Zen), practicing in the Diamond Sangha lineage of Robert Baker Aitken.	Danan Henry	1939
date of birth	Macarena Gandulfo (born 3 November 1993) is an Argentinean handball player who plays for the spanish club Balonmano Alcobendas.	Macarena Gandulfo	3 November 1993
date of birth	Jost Reinecke (born 20 August 1957) is the professor of Quantitative Methods of Empirical Social Research at Faculty of Sociology, Bielefeld University.	Jost Reinecke	20 August 1957
date of birth	Henry, Lord Paulet (1602 - 1672) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1626.	Henry, Lord Paulet	1602
date of birth	Zvi Zilker (Hebrew: צבי צילקר‎, Tzvi Tzilker, born 1933) the second mayor of the city of Ashdod in Israel.	Zvi Zilker	1933
date of birth	Vancho Dimovski (born 4 April 1979) is a former Macedonian handball player and former member of the Macedonian national team.He is a current sports director for RK Rabotnički.	Vancho Dimovski	4 April 1979
date of birth	Sinéad Ní Loideáin (born 1980) is an Irish language presenter on TG4 and RTÉ Two.	Sinéad Ní Loideáin	1980
date of birth	Leah Evans (born 5 March 1997) is a 2.5 point British wheelchair basketball player who represented Great Britain at the 2015 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship in Beijing.	Leah Evans	5 March 1997
date of birth	Veerle Dejaeghere (born 1 August 1973 in Izegem) is a Belgian runner, who has specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Veerle Dejaeghere	1 August 1973
date of birth	Craig Lee Smith (born 20 July 1993) is an English footballer who currently plays for Portsmouth	Craig Lee Smith	20 July 1993
date of birth	Miguel Peña (1781, Valencia, Carabobo - 1833) was a Venezuelan politician.	Miguel Peña	1781
date of birth	Lewis Blake (born June 1946) is a British poet and artist.	Lewis Blake	June 1946
date of birth	Noel Kinsey (born 24 December 1925) is a Welsh former international footballer who played as an inside right.	Noel Kinsey	24 December 1925
date of birth	Elliott Miles McKinley (born 1969) is an American composer and music teacher.	Elliott Miles McKinley	1969
date of birth	Cecil Rowe Findley (1925 - April 9, 2003) was an American freelance journalist best known for his work as writer and assistant editor for National Geographic magazine.	Rowe Findley	1925
date of birth	Zuzana Zvolenská (born 27 January 1972 in Bratislava) is a Slovak lawyer and politician and from 4 April 2012 until 3 November 2014 she was the Minister of Health of Slovakia in Fico's Second Cabinet for the Direction --	Zuzana Zvolenská	27 January 1972
date of birth	Heather Tweed (born 1959) is a visual artist based in the UK whose artwork is exhibited nationally and internationally.	Heather Tweed	1959
date of birth	Florinda Meza García (born 8 February 1949) is a Mexican actress, television producer, and screenwriter.	Florinda Meza	8 February 1949
date of birth	Irène Major (born 22 October 1979) is a British-Cameroonian entertainment personality.	Irène Major	22 October 1979
date of birth	Aydın Kurtoğlu (born January 24, 1983) is a Turkish composer, singer and songwriter.	Aydın Kurtoğlu	1983
date of birth	Hans Galjé (born 21 February 1957) is a Dutch football coach and former professional player.	Hans Galjé	21 February 1957
date of birth	Norman Douglas Hutchinson (1932--2010) was a British Royal painter, noted for his 1988 painting of Queen Elizabeth II. Hutchinson was born in Calcutta, India in 1932, the illegitimate son of Earl Eric Douglas, of Scottish Marquess of Queensberry lineage, and an Anglo-Indian maid, Florence.	Norman Douglas Hutchinson	1932
date of birth	Graham Killeen (born 1980) is an American independent filmmaker.	Graham Killeen	1980
date of birth	Jan Verhaas (born 5 October 1966) is a Dutch snooker referee.	Jan Verhaas	5 October 1966
date of birth	Klaus-Uwe Gerhardt (born 1955) is a German economist, columnist, and author.	Klaus-Uwe Gerhardt	1955
date of birth	Lyubomir Neikov (Bulgarian: Любомир Нейков; born 7 February 1972 in Cherven Briag) is a Bulgarian comedian and actor .	Lyubomir Neikov	7 February 1972
date of birth	Rhys Hayden (born 8 October 1994) is an English darts player, currently playing in British Darts Organisation events.	Rhys Hayden	8 October 1994
date of birth	Menno de Jong (born 17 March 1984) is primarily known as a trance DJ and producer with an international following.	Menno de Jong	17 March 1984
date of birth	Vikramjit Singh Rooprai (born 10 February 1983) is a Heritage Activist.	Vikramjit Singh Rooprai	10 February 1983
date of birth	Rizwan Hussain (Bengali: রেজওয়ান হুসেইন Rezwan Husein; born 7 December 1973) is a Bangladeshi-born British television presenter, barrister and an international humanitarian worker.	Rizwan Hussain	7 December 1973
date of birth	Loreto Cucchiarelli (born 21 July 1943) is an Italian former rugby union player and a current coach.	Loreto Cucchiarelli	21 July 1943
date of birth	Vladislava Ovcharenko (born 18 December 1986, in Dushanbe) is a Tajikistani track and field sprinter.	Vladislava Ovcharenko	18 December 1986
date of birth	Habib Wali Mohammad (Urdu: حبیب ولی محمد‎) (January 16, 1921 -- 3rd September 2014) was a Pakistani ghazal singer.	Habib Wali Mohammad	1921
date of birth	Juan Rosai, M.D. (born August, 1940) is an Italian-born American physician who has contributed to clinical research and education in the subspecialty of surgical pathology.	Juan Rosai	August, 1940
date of birth	Chaz Brenchley (born Oxford, 4 January 1959) is a British writer of novels and short stories, associated with the genres of horror, crime and fantasy.	Chaz Brenchley	4 January 1959
date of birth	Theo Platt (born 1960) is a British portrait artist.	Theo Platt	1960
date of birth	Grace Henderson (January 1861, Ann Arbor, Michigan -- October 30, 1944, Bronx, New York) was a stage actress and prolific performer in silent motion pictures.	Grace Henderson	January 1861
date of birth	Menashe Amir (Hebrew: מנשה אמיר‎, b. 1940) is a long time Persian language broadcaster on the Israel Radio International, a channel of Kol Yisrael (lit. ``Voice of Israel'').	Menashe Amir	1940
date of birth	Anna Phoebe (born Anna Phoebe McElligott, 18 February 1981), is a London-based violinist, who is known for her proficiency in many musical genres, including rock, folk, jazz, Celtic, and Middle Eastern music.	Anna Phoebe	18 February 1981
date of birth	Mark Beeson (born 1962) is Professor of International Politics at Murdoch University in Perth, Western Australia.	Mark Beeson	1962
date of birth	Mihail Uram (Ukrainian: Урам Міхай; born June 20, 1924) is a former a Hungarian football player.	Mihail Uram	1924
date of birth	Neha Marda (born 23 September 1985) is an Indian television actress, popularly known as Gehna for her role in the Balika Vadhu series broadcast by Colors TV.	Neha Marda	23 September 1985
date of birth	Derek Hatton (born 17 January 1948 in Liverpool, Lancashire) is a former politician, broadcaster, property developer, businessman and after-dinner speaker.	Derek Hatton	17 January 1948
date of birth	Joe McLaren (born 11 December 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and the Kangaroos in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Joe McLaren	11 December 1977
date of birth	Mar Lawrence Mukkuzhy was born on 31 August 1951 at Hosmota, (Kadaba) in Dakshina Kannada.	Lawrence Mukkuzhy	31 August 1951
date of birth	Todd Larson (born 1960) is an American recognized for his contributions towards securing rights and benefits for LGBT employees of the United Nations.	Todd Larson	1960
date of birth	Dr. Yew Kam Keong (born 1950) also known as Dr.YKK, is a speaker, trainer, consultant and best-selling author in the field of creativity.	Yew Kam Keong	1950
date of birth	Kent E. Calder (born April 18, 1948) is a distinguished Edwin O. Reischauer Professor.	Kent E. Calder	1948
date of birth	Dianna Dilworth (born in 1978 in San Diego, California) is a filmmaker and journalist.	Dianna Dilworth	1978
date of birth	Bharatinder Singh (born 23 October 1988) is an Indian track and field athlete from Haryana who specializes in Decathlon.	Bharatinder Singh	23 October 1988
date of birth	Matthew Charles Sing (born on 13 March 1975 in Winton, Queensland), otherwise known as Matt Sing, is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Matt Sing	13 March 1975
date of birth	Florin Lazăr (born 15 January 1980) is a Romanian football player, currently under contract with FC Hidişelu de Sus.	Florin Lazăr	15 January 1980
date of birth	Lawrence Walford (born 20 January 1972 London) is an award winning British television director.	Lawrence Walford	20 January 1972
date of birth	Dave Zegarac (born 15 February 1979 Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian punk rock musician.	Dave Zegarac	15 February 1979
date of birth	Manfred Aschner (Hebrew: מנפרד אשנר‎; 21 May 1901 -- 1989) was an Israeli microbiologist and entomologist.	Manfred Aschner	21 May 1901
date of birth	Alexander Cozens (1717--1786) was a British landscape painter in watercolours, born in Russia.	Alexander Cozens	1717
date of birth	Marina Maximilian Blumin (Hebrew: מארינה מקסימיליאן בלומין‎; born 15 December 1987), is an Israeli singer-songwriter and actress.	Marina Maximilian Blumin	15 December 1987
date of birth	Vincenzo Iaquinta (Italian pronunciation: (vinˈtʃɛntso jaˈkwinta); born 21 November 1979) is a former Italian footballer who played as a striker.	Vincenzo Iaquinta	21 November 1979
developer	Secret of the Stars, known as Aqutallion (アクタリオン) in Japan, is role-playing video game released in 1993 and developed and published by Tecmo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.	Secret of the Stars	Tecmo
developer	Design Web Format (DWF) is a secure file format developed by Autodesk for the efficient distribution and communication of rich design data to anyone who needs to view, review, or print design files.	Design Web Format	Autodesk
developer	Spelunker HD, known in Japan as Minna de Spelunker (みんなでスペランカー Minna de Superankā), is a PlayStation 3 downloadable platform video game developed by Irem Software Engineering and published by Irem Software Engineering and Tozai Games.	Spelunker HD	Irem
developer	Bear Bovver is a computer game released in 1983 for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC and was developed by Jon Ritman.	Bear Bovver	Jon Ritman
developer	Rick Dangerous 2 is a platform game developed by Core Design for the Amiga, Atari ST, Amstrad CPC, ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64 and DOS-based PCs. It was released in 1990 and published by Micro Style as a sequel to Rick Dangerous 1.	Rick Dangerous 2	Core Design
developer	Magnetis is a WiiWare and PC video game developed by Yullaby, and was released in 2009.	Magnetis	Yullaby
developer	Boom Boom Rocket marks the first rhythm game for the Live Arcade service and was developed by Geometry Wars creators Bizarre Creations and published by the Pogo division of Electronic Arts.	Boom Boom Rocket	Bizarre Creations
developer	IA/VT Colorful is a rhythm game for the PlayStation Vita developed by Marvelous AQL, and is based on Vocaloid's IA Project.	IA/VT Colorful	Marvelous
developer	Adobe Premiere Elements is a video editing software published by Adobe Systems.	Adobe Premiere Elements	Adobe Systems
developer	Apache MyFaces is an Apache Software Foundation project that creates and maintains an open-source JavaServer Faces implementation, along with several libraries of JSF components that can be deployed on the core implementation.	Apache MyFaces	Apache Software Foundation
developer	DJMax Portable Black Square (Korean: 디제이맥스 포터블 블랙 스퀘어, dijeimaegseu poteobeul beullaeg seukweeo; abbr.: DMP:BS) is a music game for the PlayStation Portable developed by South Korean developer Pentavision released on December 24, 2008.	DJMax Portable Black Square	Pentavision
developer	Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 (IE4) is a graphical web browser released in October 1997 by Microsoft, primarily for Microsoft Windows, but also with versions available for Mac OS, Solaris, and HP-UX and marketed as ``The Web the Way You Want It''.	Internet Explorer 4	Microsoft
developer	FalconView is a mapping system created by the Georgia Tech Research Institute.	FalconView	Georgia Tech Research Institute
developer	Sub Hunt is a simulation video game released by Mattel for its Intellivision video game system in 1982.	Sub Hunt	Mattel
developer	Road Rash is the name of a motorcycle-racing video game series by Electronic Arts in which the player participates in violent, illegal street races.	Road Rash	Electronic Arts
developer	Heroes of Newerth (HoN) is a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game originally developed by S2 Games for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux.	Heroes of Newerth	S2 Games
developer	Silicon Dreams is a trilogy of interactive fiction games developed by Level 9 Computing during the 1980s.	Silicon Dreams	Level 9 Computing
developer	Shantae and the Pirate's Curse is a platform game developed by WayForward Technologies for the Nintendo 3DS and the Wii U. It is the third game in the Shantae series, following Shantae:	Shantae and the Pirate's Curse	WayForward Technologies
developer	Return of the Phantom is a point-and-click graphic adventure game developed and published by MicroProse in 1993.	Return of the Phantom	MicroProse
developer	Desert Assault (known in Japan as Thunder Zone (サンダーゾーン)) is a 1991 run and gun arcade game by Data East.	Desert Assault	Data East
developer	Triple Action is a video game produced by Mattel Electronics for its Intellivision video game system in 1981.	Triple Action	Mattel
developer	Jane's Attack Squadron is a 2002 combat flight simulator developed by Looking Glass Studios and Mad Doc Software and published by Xicat Interactive.	Jane's Attack Squadron	Looking Glass Studios
developer	WEC Le Mans is a racing simulation arcade game released in 1986 by Konami.	WEC Le Mans	Konami
developer	XML Shareable Playlist Format (XSPF), pronounced spiff, is an XML-based playlist format for digital media, sponsored by the Xiph.Org Foundation.	XML Shareable Playlist Format	Xiph.Org Foundation
developer	Lotus Challenge is a racing video game released in 2001 by Kuju Entertainment.	Lotus Challenge	Kuju Entertainment
developer	Super Sprint is a 1986 arcade game by Atari Games.	Super Sprint	Atari Games
developer	Dark Seed II is a psychological horror point-and-click adventure game developed and published by Cyberdreams in 1995, and is the sequel to the 1992 game Dark Seed.	Dark Seed II	Cyberdreams
developer	Gyro13 (fullname Gyro13: Steam Copter Arcade HD) is a video game developed by Czech company Cinemax.	Gyro13	Cinemax
developer	Sangokushi Koumeiden (三國志孔明伝) is the second installment in the Sangokushi Eiketsuden tactical role-playing series developed by Koei.	Sangokushi Koumeiden	Koei
developer	Mega Man ZX, known in Japan as Rockman ZX (ロックマンゼクス), is a video game developed by Inti Creates and published by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld game console.	Mega Man ZX	Inti Creates
developer	DOS XL was a Disk Operating System (DOS) written by Paul Laughton, Mark Rose, Bill Wilkinson and Mike Peters and produced by Optimized Systems Software (OSS) for Atari 8-bit microcomputers.	DOS XL	Optimized Systems Software
developer	Mighty Jill Off is a 2D platform independently developed freeware video game designed by Anna Anthropy, with art by James Harvey and music by Andrew Toups.	Mighty Jill Off	Anna Anthropy
developer	The Jungle Book Groove Party (The Jungle Book Rhythm N'Groove in North America) is a music rhythm video game developed by Ubisoft and published by Disney Interactive for the PlayStation and PlayStation 2.	The Jungle Book Groove Party	Ubisoft
developer	Shadow Complex is a 2009 platform-adventure video game developed by Chair Entertainment in association with Epic Games (using its Unreal Engine 3) and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360 through Xbox Live Arcade.	Shadow Complex	Chair Entertainment
developer	MegaRace is a racing video game created by Cryo Interactive.	MegaRace	Cryo Interactive
developer	The Spatiotemporal Epidemiological Modeler (STEM) is a free software available through the Eclipse Foundation.	Spatiotemporal Epidemiological Modeler	Eclipse Foundation
developer	Uzu Keobukseon (우주거북선) (Space Turtle Ship) is a vertical scrolling shooter video game developed by Samsung in 1992 for the Sega Mega Drive, released only in Korea (the entire menu and dialogue was written in Korean).	Uzu Keobukseon	Samsung
developer	Miner Wars 2081 is a 6DOF action-survival space-shooter simulation game produced by Keen Software House.	Miner Wars 2081	Keen Software House
developer	Dragonstomper is a role-playing video game programmed by Stephen Landrum and published in 1982 by Starpath.	Dragonstomper	Starpath
developer	Windows Live Agents are chatterbot agents for Windows Live Messenger that is part of Microsoft's Windows Live services.	Windows Live Agents	Microsoft
developer	Dance Dance Revolution Mario Mix, known as Dance Dance Revolution with Mario (ダンスダンスレボリューション ウィズ マリオ Dansu Dansu Reboryūshon Uizu Mario) in Japan and Dancing Stage Mario Mix in Europe, is a 2005 music video game developed by Konami and published by Nintendo for the GameCube.	Dance Dance Revolution Mario Mix	Konami
developer	Fighting Vipers (ファイティングバイパーズ Faitingu Vaipāzu) is a 3D fighting video game developed by Sega AM2.	Fighting Vipers	Sega AM2
developer	Tricky Kick is a puzzle video game developed by Alfa System and published by Information Global Service for the NEC TurboGrafx-16 game console in 1991.	Tricky Kick	Alfa System
developer	CART World Series a game for the PlayStation, published and developed by Sony Computer Entertainment and released on September 16, 1997.	CART World Series	Sony Computer Entertainment
developer	Bad Piggies is a puzzle video game developed by Rovio Entertainment, and was its first spin-off to Angry Birds.	Bad Piggies	Rovio Entertainment
developer	Nickelodeon Party Blast is a party game developed by English developer Data Design Interactive and published by French game company Infogrames.	Nickelodeon Party Blast	Data Design Interactive
developer	Crafty is a chess program written by UAB professor Dr. Robert Hyatt, with continual development and assistance from Michael Byrne, Tracy Riegle, and Peter Skinner.	Crafty	Robert Hyatt
developer	Get Medieval is an action game developed and published by Monolith Productions for the Windows in 1998.	Get Medieval	Monolith Productions
developer	Dark Reign 2 is a 3D real-time strategy Windows game released on June 30, 2000 by Activision and Pandemic Studios.	Dark Reign 2	Pandemic Studios
developer	Fire 'n Ice is a puzzle game released by Tecmo for the Nintendo Entertainment System.	Fire 'n Ice	Tecmo
developer	Chrome OS is an operating system designed by Google and based upon the Linux kernel.	Chrome OS	Google
developer	Harukanaru Kanān he (ビヨンド ザ ビヨンド ～遥かなるカナーンへ～ , lit. ``Beyond the Beyond: To Far Away Kanaan''), is a role-playing video game that was developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation in 1995.	Beyond the Beyond	Camelot Software Planning
developer	Motor City Online was a racing massively multiplayer online video game released by Electronic Arts on October 29, 2001.	Motor City Online	Electronic Arts
dissolved or abolished	On 1 November 1956, Madhya Bharat, together with the states of Vindhya Pradesh and Bhopal State, was merged into Madhya Pradesh.	Madhya Bharat	1956
dissolved or abolished	The Goudreau Museum of Mathematics in Art and Science was a museum of math that was open from 1980--2006 in Long Island, New York.	Goudreau Museum of Mathematics in Art and Science	2006
dissolved or abolished	The Galician Soviet Socialist Republic (Galician SSR) existed from July 8, 1920, to September 21, 1920, during the Polish-Soviet War within the area of the South-Western front of the Red Army.	Galician Soviet Socialist Republic	1920
dissolved or abolished	The National Progressive Democrats was a small socialist political party in the Republic of Ireland, active between 1958 and 1963.	National Progressive Democrats	1963
dissolved or abolished	The Polish Workers' Party (Polish: Polska Partia Robotnicza, PPR) was a communist party in Poland from 1942 to 1948.	Polish Workers' Party	1948
dissolved or abolished	The International Lenin School (ILS) was an official training school operated in Moscow by the Communist International from May 1926 to 1938.	International Lenin School	1938
dissolved or abolished	After killing or capturing some 3,225 guerrillas and fighting an estimated 1,615 engagements, Koevoet, along with the South-West Africa Police, was disbanded in Namibia after 1989.	Koevoet	1989
dissolved or abolished	Potere Operaio (``Workers' Power'') was a radical left-wing Italian political group, active between 1968 and 1973.	Potere Operaio	1973
dissolved or abolished	The Kelley Deal 6000 was an alternative rock band formed in St. Paul, Minnesota, USA, and was active between 1995 and 1997.	The Kelley Deal 6000	1997
dissolved or abolished	The Lindsay String Quartet (or The Lindsays) was a British string quartet from 1965 to 2005.	Lindsay String Quartet	2005
dissolved or abolished	The Former Yan (Chinese: 前燕; pinyin: Qiányàn; 337-370) was a state of Xianbei ethnicity during the era of Sixteen Kingdoms in China.	Former Yan	370
dissolved or abolished	Most of Baol was conquered by the French in 1874, however complete control of the former kingdom was not gained by France until 1895.	Baol	1895
dissolved or abolished	Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau Aktiengesellschaft (abbreviated Deschimag) was a cooperation of eight German shipyards in the period 1926 to 1945.	Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau	1945
dissolved or abolished	Southern Electric plc was a public limited energy company in the United Kingdom between 1990 and 1998, when it merged with Scottish Hydro-Electric plc to form Scottish and Southern Energy plc (SSE).	Southern Electric	1998
dissolved or abolished	Vologda Governorate (Russian: Вологодская губерния, Vologodskaya guberniya, Government of Vologda) was an administrative division (a guberniya) of the Russian Empire, which existed from 1796 until 1929.	Vologda Governorate	1929
dissolved or abolished	The XIT Ranch was a cattle ranch in the Texas Panhandle which operated from 1885 to 1912.	XIT Ranch	1912
dissolved or abolished	Stadion-Warthausen was a partition of Stadion County, and was mediatised to Austria and Württemberg in 1806.	Stadion-Warthausen	1806
dissolved or abolished	In 1829, at the death of Mary Beatrice, the Duchy of Massa and Carrara was annexed to the Duchy of Modena and Reggio by her son Francesco IV d'Este.	Duchy of Massa and Carrara	1829
dissolved or abolished	Baker Art Gallery was a photography studio in Columbus, Ohio from 1862-1955.	Baker Art Gallery	1955
dissolved or abolished	Hudiksvall County, or Hudiksvalls län, was a county of the Swedish Empire, between 1645 and 1654.	Hudiksvall County	1654
dissolved or abolished	The Principality of Bidache was from 1570 to 1793 a small feudal state in the south west of modern-day France.	Principality of Bidache	1793
dissolved or abolished	The Mali Federation (French: Fédération du Mali) was a Federation in West Africa linking the French colonies of Senegal and the Sudanese Republic (or French Sudan) for a period of only two months in 1960.	Mali Federation	1960
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Ronda was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in Moorish al-Andalus (in what is now southern Spain) from 1039 to 1065.	Taifa of Ronda	1065
dissolved or abolished	The restored Kingdom of Greece lasted from 1935 to 1973.	Kingdom of Greece	1973
dissolved or abolished	Acquired in 2003 by AOL, it was slowly folded into the AOL search offerings and all web hits from RMC TV to Singingfish were being redirected to AOL Video and as of February 2007 Singingfish had ceased to exist as a separate service.	Singingfish	February 2007
inception	Third Sector Foundation of Turkey (TUSEV) was established in 1993 by Turkey's leading CSOs, and has now grown to a supporting network of over 100 associations and foundations that share a vision of strengthening the legal, fiscal and operational infrastructure of the third (non-profit) sector in Turkey.	Third Sector Foundation of Turkey	1993
inception	B&F System, Inc. (BNFUSA) is a wholesaler and drop ship supplier established in the Dallas, Texas area and founded in 1950.	B&F System, Inc.	1950
inception	Stream TV was an Italian digital satellite television pay TV company launched in 1993 and closed in 2003, due to the merge with TELE+ into Sky Italia.	Stream TV	1993
inception	Chi-Chi's was founded in 1975 in Richfield, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis, by restaurateur Marno McDermott and former Green Bay Packers player Max McGee.	Chi-Chi's	1975
inception	Uphold (previously Bitreserve), founded by Halsey Minor in 2013, is a company born out of Minor's own difficult experience with finances and financial institutions in the past.	Uphold	2013
inception	Wa Wa Nee was an Australian funk/pop band, active from c. 1985 to 1989.	Wa Wa Nee	1985
inception	Planting Peace was founded in 2003 by American Aaron Jackson and Haitian John Louis Dieubon.	Planting Peace	2003
inception	From 1 January 2014 the name of the merged broadcaster was used in joint programmes; since 7 September 2014 all existing programmes broadcast under the name AVROTROS.	AVROTROS	1 January 2014
inception	Radiocentre was established on 1 July 2006 after merging the Commercial Radio Companies Association (CRCA) with the Radio Advertising Bureau (RAB).	Radiocentre	2006
inception	The Merseyside Skeptics Society was founded in February 2009 to develop and support the skeptical community in Merseyside.	Merseyside Skeptics Society	February 2009
inception	RallyPoint Networks, Inc. is a privately held American company founded in 2012 by military veterans Yinon Weiss and Aaron Kletzing at Harvard Business School.	RallyPoint	2012
inception	Egale Canada (formerly Equality for Gays And Lesbians Everywhere) is an advocacy organization founded in 1986 to advance equality for Canadian lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people and their families, across Canada.	Egale Canada	1986
inception	Charisma.com (Japanese pronunciation: Karisuma Dotto Komu (カリスマドットコム)) is a Japanese electro/rap group that formed in 2011.	Charisma.com	2011
inception	The group was created in 2006 when Imarex and NOS merged, under the name Imarex NOS. In 2007 the group changed its name to Imarex ASA.	Imarex ASA	2006
inception	On March 6, 2006, the station changed its callsign to KZDR, on March 5, 2008 to KMJY and September 23, 2008 to the current KAZY.	KAZY	2006
inception	The National Centre of Disaster Management (NCDM), constituted under an Act of Parliament in 1995; was redesignated to give the present name of National Institute of Disaster Management (NIDM) by the Disaster Management Act 2005 passed by President of India on 9 January 2006,	National Institute of Disaster Management	1995
inception	CONCACAF was founded in its current form on 18 September 1961 in Mexico City, Mexico, with the merger of the NAFC and the CCCF, which made it one of the then five, now six continental confederations affiliated with FIFA.	CONCACAF	18 September 1961
inception	In 1991, Algemene Bank Nederland (ABN) and AMRO Bank (itself the result of a merger of the Amsterdamsche Bank and the Rotterdamsche Bank in the 1960s) agreed to merge to create the original ABN AMRO.	ABN AMRO	1991
inception	Kheti Virasat Mission (KVM) is a non-profit, civil society action group founded in 2005.	Kheti Virasat Mission	2005
inception	Telepolis is a German Internet magazine, published by the Heinz Heise Verlag since the beginning of 1996.	Telepolis	1996
inception	The Fellowship of Confessing Churches is a fellowship of congregations of the Church of Scotland that was formed in April 2009 in response to the decision of the General Assembly to uphold the ordination of Scott Rennie, a minister who was in a homosexual relationship.	Fellowship of Confessing Churches	2009
inception	In 1987, Unisys was sued with Rockwell Shuttle Operations Company for $5.2 million by two former employees of the Unisys Corporation, one a subcontractor responsible for the computer programs for the space shuttle.	Unisys	1987
inception	Phalanx Biotech Group was founded in 2002 as a result of collaboration between Taiwan's Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI) and several private companies and research institutes.	Phalanx Biotech Group	2002
inception	In 2011, the first releases from the Buzz Records collective were live recordings from the venue; a series titled ``Live@The Garage''.	Buzz Records	2011
inception	The International Supercomputing Conference is a yearly conference on supercomputing which has been held in Europe since 1986.	International Supercomputing Conference	1986
inception	TuS Langerwehe was formed in 1908 after an earlier football club, Alemannia Langerwehe was formed in 1906 but soon folded again.	TuS Langerwehe	1908
inception	Yo La Tengo (often abbreviated as YLT) is an American indie rock band formed in Hoboken, New Jersey, in 1984.	Yo La Tengo	1984
inception	The Goodwill was a post-hardcore band from Long Island, New York formed in 2001.	The Goodwill	2001
inception	Anwer Khan Modern Medical College (AKMMC) (Bengali: আনোয়ার খান মডার্ন মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a private medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2008.	Anwer Khan Modern Medical College	2008
inception	The Hellenic Football Federation was founded in 1926, by a decision of the three major Unions of the country (Athens, Piraeus, Thessalonica).	Hellenic Football Federation	1926
inception	The start was in 1993 with the creation of Orchidia Promotions, a pharmaceutical service provider in the field of marketing and supportive activities like DRA, recruitment and training.	Orchidia	1993
inception	Kalipada Ghosh Tarai Mahavidyalaya, also known as Bagdogra College, established in 1988, is the general degree college in Bagdogra.	Kalipada Ghosh Tarai Mahavidyalaya	1988
inception	WVYN is owned by Real Life Radio Foundation, Inc. WVYN signed on the air on June 21, 2009, and initially ran 4,500 watts from a location near Wayne City, Illinois.	WVYN	2009
inception	Switch 1197 began test transmissions in late 2002 and began full-time broadcasting at 8 am on 7 April 2003, identifying as i-1197.	Switch 1197	2003
inception	AmeriHealth, originally known as Delaware Valley HMO, was established in 1995 to provide health coverage to Pennsylvania employers and their staff residing in Burlington, Camden, Gloucester, and Salem counties of New Jersey.	AmeriHealth	1995
inception	King Cobb Steelie is a Canadian Indie rock band formed in 1991 from Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	King Cobb Steelie	1991
inception	Eskilstuna Energy and Environment was established in 1993 as a municipality owned company with responsibility for the sales and distribution of electricity, district heating and cooling, water, sewage, waste handling, biogas and broadband in the municipal district of Eskilstuna, Sweden.	Eskilstuna Energy and Environment	1993
inception	Velvet Blue Music is an independent record label founded in 1996 by Jeff Cloud (formerly of Joy Electric, Starflyer 59 and other independent bands).	Velvet Blue Music	1996
inception	The Cup of China joined the series in 2003, replacing the event in Germany.	Cup of China	2003
inception	The Republic of Baja California was proclaimed in 1853 by soldier of fortune William Walker.	Republic of Baja California	1853
inception	RayaJet (or RAYAJET or Raya Jet) is an airline based in Amman, Jordan which was launched in April 2005 and specializes in private jet charters.	Raya Jet	2005
inception	Last Expedition is a Macedonian alternative rock band, formed in 1985 by brothers Sead and Enis Hadžić.	Last Expedition	1985
inception	Farm Africa (formerly FARM-Africa) is a UK-based charitable organisation (no 326901) founded in 1985 that works with farmers, pastoralists and forest communities in eastern Africa.	Farm Africa	1985
inception	Panic Button Records was a record label which was formed in Chicago, Illinois in 1997.	Panic Button Records	1997
inception	Viktor Bannikov Memorial Tournament (Ukrainian: Міжнародний турнір пам’яті Віктора Баннікова) is annual summer association football friendly competition for junior teams that take place in various cities of Ukraine, since 1998.	Viktor Bannikov Memorial Tournament	1998
inception	The Lazarev Institute of Oriental Languages, (Armenian: Արևելյան լեզուների Լազարյան ինստիտուտ) established in 1815, was a Moscow school specializing in orientalism, particularly that of Armenia, and the cultural center of the Armenian diaspora in Russia.	Lazarev Institute of Oriental Languages	1815
inception	Innisfree House School in Bangalore, India, was started in 1985 to prepare students for the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education .	Innisfree House School	1985
inception	Radio Capital is an Italian private radio station, was founded on May 1977 and is owned by the Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso and began broadcasting in 1985.	Radio Capital	1985
inception	In July 2003, KBS World, an international television channel aimed at Koreans abroad, started broadcasting.	KBS World	2003
inception	The Royal Foundation of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry was set up in September 2009 to enable Prince William and Prince Harry to take forward their charitable ambitions.	The Royal Foundation of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry	2009
inception	Loppybogymi was formed in Mobile, Alabama by Tim Ramenofsky, James Orr, and Gregory Slay in 1988.	Loppybogymi	1988
inception	Il Giardino Armonico (``The Garden of Harmony'') is a pioneering Italian early music ensemble founded in Milan in 1985 by Luca Pianca and Giovanni Antonini, primarily to play 17th- and 18th-century music on period instruments.	Il Giardino Armonico	1985
inception	The Anchorage Concert Association (ACA), founded in 1950 by a group of classical music enthusiasts, is a non-profit arts organization in Alaska.	Anchorage Concert Association	1950
inception	Stoopid Monkey, LLC (stylized as SToop!d Monkey) is the production company of Seth Green and Matthew Senreich, established in 2005.	Stoopid Monkey	2005
inception	Highlands and Islands Airports Limited was incorporated on 4 March 1986 by the Civil Aviation Authority.	Highlands and Islands Airports	1986
inception	The National Distance Running Hall of Fame was established on July 11, 1998, to honor those who have contributed to the sport of distance running.	National Distance Running Hall of Fame	1998
inception	Atlantic Star Airlines was incorporated as a private limited company in England & Wales on 20 November 2012.	Atlantic Star Airlines	2012
inception	P. Ballantine and Sons Brewing Company was an American brewery founded in 1840, making Ballantine one of the oldest brands of beer in the United States.	P. Ballantine and Sons Brewing Company	1840
inception	Shenton College was established in January 2001 through the amalgamation of Swanbourne and Hollywood Senior High Schools at a cost of $23.5 million.	Shenton College	2001
inception	HNTB Corporation is an architecture, civil engineering consulting and construction management firm that was founded in 1914.	HNTB	1914
inception	The Flyin' Ryan Brothers is an American progressive rock band that formed in Illinois in 1995.	The Flyin' Ryan Brothers	1995
inception	Tertiary 2012 is a student group formed in 2010 for the Hong Kong by-election, 2010, so called the ``Five District Referendum''.	Tertiary 2012	2010
inception	Arch Moscow is an international exhibition of architecture and design held annually since 1995.	Arch Moscow	1995
inception	YES for Europe is the Brussels-based European Confederation of Young Entrepreneurs founded in 1988 to represent young entrepreneurs in Europe.	European Confederation of Young Entrepreneurs	1988
inception	Kegg Pipe Organ Builders is a manufacturer of pipe organs based out of Hartville, Ohio, U.S.A. The company was founded by Charles E. Kegg in 1985.	Kegg Pipe Organ Builders	1985
inception	Aimetis was founded in 2003 and launched the security industry's first intelligent, ``computer vision'' based Digital Video Recorder, AIRA 2400 (Artificial Intelligence Real time Analysis).	Aimetis	2003
inception	The CIA Museum currently maintains three exhibits of important historical intelligence artifacts at CIA Headquarters in Langley, Virginia Dedicated in June 2002 to commemorate the 60th Anniversary of the Office of Strategic Services, the CIA Museum's North Gallery houses an exhibit devoted to preserving the legacy CIA inherited from the OSS.	CIA Museum	June 2002
inception	The Active Set is an indie rock/alternative band from Los Angeles, California formed in 2007.	The Active Set	2007
inception	The Lonely Biscuits formed in September 2011 at Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee, where Grady Wenrich and Sam Gidley were roommates.	The Lonely Biscuits	2011
inception	Mental Horror is a Brutal death metal band, formed in Porto Alegre, Brazil, in 1993.	Mental Horror	1993
inception	Krautreporter is a German news website that is online since October 2014.	Krautreporter	2014
inception	Formed in 1999, Les Breastfeeders were finalists in the 2003 edition of Les Francouvertes and also won the SOCAN award for best francophone song of the year in 2003, with their song Angle Mort.	Les Breastfeeders	1999
inception	The 12 divisions contested at the National Touch League from 1997 to 2007 were Opens:	National Touch League	1997
inception	Sky Meteo24 is the first Italian television channel dedicated exclusively to weather forecasts, it was launched on August 1, 2004, owned by Sky Italia.	Sky Meteo24	2004
inception	Owned by CBS Radio, the current WBZ-FM began on August 13, 2009 and competes with AM and FM sports talk station WEEI.	WBZ-FM	2009
inception	Icejet was a charter airline based in Iceland founded in 2005.	Icejet	2005
inception	Oral Health America (abbreviated OHA) is a national 501(c)3 non-profit charitable organization established in 1955 and headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.	Oral Health America	1955
inception	HC-One was formed in 2011 following the collapse of the UK's then-largest nursing home operator, Southern Cross Healthcare.	HC-One	2011
inception	The European Institute for Advanced Studies in Management (EIASM) was established in 1971 with support from the Ford Foundation.	European Institute for Advanced Studies in Management	1971
inception	Regina Hexaphone is a Durham, North Carolina group established in 1997 by Sara Bell and Chris Clemmons.	Regina Hexaphone	1997
inception	Nexus Music is a Danish record label and production company that was founded in 2002 by producers Jon & Jules (Jon Andersson Ørom and Johannes Jules Wolfson).	Nexus Music	2002
inception	The Part-Time Scientists became the first German team to officially enter the Google Lunar X-Prize competition on June 24, 2009.	Part-Time Scientists	2009
inception	Since its inception in 2009 Videocon d2h has won many awards and recognitions.	Videocon d2h	2009
inception	The Darwin Initiative was announced by the UK Government in 1992 at the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro.	Darwin Initiative	1992
inception	BBC Radio Gloucestershire is the BBC Local Radio service for the English county of Gloucestershire, which started on 3 October 1988.	BBC Radio Gloucestershire	1988
inception	Melodyguild (often misspelled as Melody Guild) is a Los Angeles-based dream pop/indie rock band begun in 2002 by Love Spirals Downwards vocalist Suzanne Perry, guitarist Matt Gleason of Elysium and the Von Trapps, bassist John West and drummer Nicholas Pallos.	Melodyguild	2002
inception	The Amenta are an Australian metal band formed in 1997 as Crucible of Agony.	The Amenta	1997
inception	Buddyprisen (established 1956 in Oslo, Norway) is an award, given annually by the Norwegian Jazz Forum to a Norwegian jazz musician that has ``been an excellent performer and significantly involved in Norwegian jazz by other means''.	Buddyprisen	1956
inception	The Bravery were an American dance-rock band formed in New York City in 2003 that consisted of lead vocalist Sam Endicott, guitarist Michael Zakarin, keyboardist John Conway, bassist Mike Hindert and drummer Anthony Burulcich.	The Bravery	2003
inception	Derozer is an Italian punk rock band, formed in July 1989 in the town of Vicenza.	Derozer	1989
inception	The Space Innovation and Growth Team (also known as the Space IGT) was a joint UK government and industry initiative which defined a 20-year vision and strategy for the future growth of the UK space industry - launched on 10 February 2010 as the Space Innovation and Growth Strategy (IGS).	Space Innovation and Growth Team	2010
inception	The Sergeant Eric L. Coggins Award of Excellence was established in 1997 under the direction of Major General Walter B. Huffman, at the time the Judge Advocate General of the United States Army.	Sergeant Eric L. Coggins Award	1997
inception	In 1991, Aknīste was granted the town status.	Aknīste	1991
inception	Air Europe was a wholly privately owned, independent British airline, established in 1978 under the working title Inter European Airways.	Air Europe	1978
inception	9TV was launched on August 23, 2014 at 12:00am as a replacement for Solar News Channel.	9TV	2014
inception	Ikano Bank is a consumer finance bank established in 1995 by Ingvar Kamprad (the founder of IKEA).	Ikano Bank	1995
inception	Vinh Medical University (Vietnamese: Trường Đại học Y khoa Vinh) was founded on 13 July 2010 under the Decision no. 1077/2010/QĐ-TTg by the Vice Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguyen Thien Nhan.	Vinh Medical University	2010
inception	The current network is designed and managed by Consortium GARR, an association incorporated in 2001 under the auspices of the Ministry of Education, Universities and Research, whose founders are CNR, ENEA, INFN and the CRUI (Conference of Rectors of Italian Universities) Foundation as the representative of all Italian universities.	GARR	2001
inception	The Silicon Valley Historical Association (also known as the Santa Clara Valley Historical Association) is an organization that has interviewed notable figures in Silicon Valley since 1991 and produces documentaries, publishes books and keeps filmed history of notable figures in the technological industry.	Silicon Valley Historical Association	1991
inception	The Indian Union Muslim League was formed in Madras on 10 March 1948.	Indian Union Muslim League	1948
inception	In February 2013, Fairchild Media Group received permission from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to launch Fairchild TV 2 HD.	Fairchild TV 2 HD	2013
inception	In 1989 it became the 473rd District Training Centre.	473rd District Training Centre	1989
inception	The O-Town Hoedown is an annual country music concert series held in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada since 2007.	O-Town Hoedown	2007
inception	Crocodile Shop (later simply Croc Shop) is an electro-industrial aggrotech EBM band formed in Berlin, Germany in 1987 by Mick Hale and R. A. Werner.	Crocodile Shop	1987
inception	It was founded in 1972 by its current President Lino Dainese, and is owned by Investcorp of Bahrain, and manufactures in Tunisia.	Dainese	1972
inception	GOD TV was co-founded by Rory Alec and Wendy Alec in England in 1995 as the Christian Channel Europe, the Continent's first daily Christian television network.	GOD TV	1995
inception	SKOGA was a joint Sino-Soviet airline, based in Beijing, China, which operated from 1950 to 1954.	SKOGA	1950
inception	The Khon Kaen National Museum was opened by His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej on the 20th of December, 1972.	Khon Kaen National Museum	1972
inception	Established in 1953, Yad Vashem is located on the western slope of Mount Herzl on the Mount of Remembrance in Jerusalem, 804 meters (2,638 ft) above sea level and adjacent to the Jerusalem Forest.	Yad Vashem	1953
inception	Palm Beach International Film Festival was founded in 1996 by Commissioner Burt Aaronson and local philanthropist George Elmore.	Palm Beach International Film Festival	1996
inception	Plastiq Musiq was created by Ronnie Martin of Joy Electric in 1997.	Plastiq Musiq	1997
inception	Founded in 1987, the Bauman Foundation was funded by the estate of Lionel R. Bauman, a New York City lawyer and businessman.	Bauman Foundation	1987
inception	Falu FK was founded on 27 February 2006 following a joint initiative of the football sections of Falu BS, Slätta SK und Korsnäs IF FK clubs.	Falu FK	2006
inception	Image Works was a publishing label of video games publisher Mirrorsoft created in 1988.	Image Works	1988
inception	Ash International is a British record company and audio-visual organisation started in 1993 by Mike Harding and Robin Rimbaud.	Ash International	1993
inception	The Coudenberg group was established on 6 June 1984 as a non-profit organization and was dissolved on 11 February 1999.	Coudenberg group	1984
inception	Signed in 1998 to Atlantic Records, Old Dogs recorded a self-titled studio album for the label that year.	Old Dogs	1998
inception	The Egyptian Club, also known as Egyptian Room and referred to colloquially as E-Room, was a lesbian bar in the Richmond neighborhood of southeast Portland, Oregon, United States, operating from 1995 to 2010.	Egyptian Club	2010
inception	The Long Museum Pudong was officially opened to the public on December 18, 2012.	Long Museum	2012
inception	In 2003 the Amati Quartet was established who regularly perform on the instruments to address concerns that they should be heard.	Amati Quartet	2003
inception	Synthetic Breed are an Australian industrial death metal band formed in Melbourne, 2002.	Synthetic Breed	2002
inception	The Society of Women Engineers (SWE), founded in 1950, is a not-for-profit educational and service organization in the United States.	Society of Women Engineers	1950
inception	The British National Space Centre (BNSC) was an agency of the Government of the United Kingdom, organised in 1985, that coordinated civil space activities for the UK.	British National Space Centre	1985
inception	The All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce (ACFIC; simplified Chinese: 中华全国工商业联合会; traditional Chinese: 中華全國工商業聯合會; pinyin: Zhōnghuá quánguó gōngshāngyè liánhéhuì) is a non-governmental chamber of commerce, established in 1953 as a successor to the chambers of commerce that were first founded during the Qing Dynasty.	All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce	1953
inception	Dignity Health was founded in 1986 by the Sisters of Mercy under the name Catholic Healthcare West.	Dignity Health	1986
inception	In 1987 Fairground Attraction were signed to RCA, and released their first single, ``Perfect'', in April 1988.	Fairground Attraction	1987
inception	In 1903 a group of New York national banks formed trust company Bankers Trust to provide trust services to customers of state and national banks throughout the country on the premise that it would not lure commercial bank customers away.	Bankers Trust	1903
inception	The Sacramento Surge was a professional American football team that played in the World League of American Football (WLAF) in 1991 and 1992.	Sacramento Surge	1991
inception	Happy TV was founded in 2002 as a children's channel.	Happy TV	2002
inception	The Park Foundation is a nonprofit foundation founded in 1966 by businessman and media mogul Roy H. Park.	Park Foundation	1966
inception	Harlequin League is a Perth-based rock band formed in 2007.	Harlequin League	2007
inception	The Vienna School of Fantastic Realism is a group of artists founded in Vienna in 1946.	Vienna School of Fantastic Realism	1946
inception	Cinepoly Records (新藝寶) is a Hong Kong-based record label founded in 1985.	Cinepoly Records	1985
inception	Nişantaşı University (Turkish: Nişantaşı Üniversitesi) is a private, non-profit educational institution, founded in 2012 and located in Istanbul, Turkey.	Nişantaşı University	2012
inception	Established in Hull, England, in November 2006, GreenPalm is a trading name of Book & Claim Ltd., ``a wholly owned subsidiary of'' AarhusKarlshamn UK Ltd.	GreenPalm	2006
inception	Husaberg Motor AB was established in 1988 from the circumstances arisen out of the purchase of the motorcycle division of Swedish company Husqvarna by Italian Cagiva in 1987.	Husaberg	1988
inception	Wildlands Restoration Volunteers (WRV) is a non-profit volunteer-centered organization, established in 1999, that organizes high-quality ecological restoration projects on public lands in the United States.	Wildlands Restoration Volunteers	1999
inception	Skara HF is a handball club in Skara, Sweden, established on 8 April 1993 when Hangelösa HF and Stenums IF merged their handball sections.	Skara HF	1993
inception	The Nikon D1 is a digital single-lens reflex camera (DSLR) made by Nikon Corporation introduced on June 15, 1999.	Nikon D1	1999
inception	Transitshop is an American indie rock and alternative rock band based out of Philadelphia and founded in 2010 by Chris O'Brien.	Transitshop	2010
inception	The Armed Forces Bikers was founded on 25 May 2011 by former members of Army Bikers.	Armed Forces Bikers	2011
inception	Demoncy is an American black metal band formed in 1989 by guitarist Ixithra (also known as Wicked Warlock in Profanatica).	Demoncy	1989
inception	In 1958, Lester Wunderman, alongside his brother Irving Wunderman, and colleagues Ed Ricotta and Harry Kline, opened Wunderman, Ricotta & Klein (WRK).	Wunderman	1958
inception	The Capilla Peñaflorida is a Spanish early music group founded in 1985 by Jon Bagüés.	Capilla Peñaflorida	1985
inception	The new club was formed as FC Gagra in 2004 at Regionuli Liga, where the club won promotion to the Pirveli Liga.	FC Gagra	2004
inception	Ziggo Sport Totaal launched as Sport1 with its sister service Film1 on 1 February 2006 and replaced the Canal+ Netherlands channels.	Ziggo Sport Totaal	2006
inception	Kwajo Cinqo (Kwajo Boateng) and Dolo (Lowell Frazier) formed Ghetto Concept in 1989, hailing from the Rexdale and Lawrence Heights neighbourhoods of Toronto.	Ghetto Concept	1989
inception	Save-A-Lot was founded in 1977 by Bill Moran as an alternative to larger supermarkets.	Save-A-Lot	1977
inception	SolarJOOS is a solar power company founded in 2008.	SolarJOOS	2008
inception	Shadowkeep are a British heavy metal band, formed in Guildford, England, in 1999 by guitarists Chris Allen (ex-Intense and Sire) and Nikki Robson (also formerly of Sire).	Shadowkeep	1999
inception	Integration Objects is a software development firm created in 2002.	Integration Objects	2002
inception	The Vancouver Ravens were a member of the National Lacrosse League (NLL), from 2002 to 2004.	Vancouver Ravens	2002
inception	The University of the Faroe Islands was founded in 1965 by members of the Faroese Scientific Society, founded in 1952.	University of the Faroe Islands	1965
inception	Riwaayat meaning Tradition in Urdu, started in 2010 in Hyderabad at Hyderabad Central University, S.N.School of Performing Arts & Communication.	Riwaayat	2010
inception	The Queensland Literary Awards is a community driven awards program that was established in 2012.	Queensland Literary Awards	2012
inception	Heimssýn (English: World View) is an organisation of Icelandic eurosceptics who actively campaign against Iceland becoming of a member of the European Union founded in June 2002.	Heimssýn	2002
inception	The WBBB letters moved to an FM station in Raleigh in January 1998 and the AM, with news/talk that included Ken Hamblin and G. Gordon Liddy, became WPCM.	WPCM	1998
inception	Lithuanian Paralympic Committee (Lietuvos parolimpinis komitetas) was founded on 1990 and recognized after one year.	Lithuanian Paralympic Committee	1990
inception	The Actuarial Association of Europe (AAE) was established in 1978 as Groupe Consultatif des Associations d'Actuaires des Pays des Communautés Européennes (GC), renamed to Groupe Consultatif Actuariel Européen in 2002, and given its present name on January 1, 2014.	Actuarial Association of Europe	1978
inception	Baddies were a British high energy indie rock band formed in late 2007 and played through 2012.	Baddies	2007
inception	The club Deportivo Enersur was founded the February 1, 2003.	Deportivo Enersur	2003
inception	Outside Music is a Canadian record label and distributor, founded by Lloyd Nishimura in 1995.	Outside Music	1995
inception	The British Motor Corporation Limited (BMC) was a UK-based vehicle manufacturer, formed in early 1952 to give effect to an agreed merger of the Morris and Austin businesses.	British Motor Corporation	1952
inception	Alejo Valera, a Spanish painting teacher, took Luna as an apprentice and brought him to Rome where Luna created Las Damas Romanas in 1882.	Las Damas Romanas	1882
inception	Sana Educational Charitable Trust's Sana College of Information Science & Management, Hubli, Karnataka State, India, began in 2003 under the guidance of Prof. Abdul Kareem and his team.	Sana College of Information Science & Management	2003
inception	Veruca Salt is an American alternative rock band founded in Chicago, Illinois, United States, in 1993 by vocalist-guitarists Nina Gordon and Louise Post, drummer Jim Shapiro and bassist Steve Lack.	Veruca Salt	1993
inception	Svadbas is a rock band from Croatia founded in 1994.	Svadbas	1994
inception	Kuwait Petroleum Corporation was founded on 27 January 1980 as an umbrella company, integrating KOC, KNPC, KOTC and PIC and effectively placing them under government control.	Kuwait Petroleum Corporation	1980
inception	Dreadful Shadows is a German Gothic metal band, formed in 1993 in Berlin.	Dreadful Shadows	1993
inception	Duplass Brothers Productions was founded in 1996, with the release of their first film, by brothers Jay Duplass and Mark Duplass.	Duplass Brothers Productions	1996
inception	Beach House is an American dream pop band from Baltimore, Maryland, formed in 2004.	Beach House	2004
inception	The first Dark Season Blues festival was arranged in 2003, and celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2012.	Dark Season Blues	2003
inception	When the state of Anhalt was dissolved in 1603, one of the successor states was the principality of Anhalt-Zerbst.	Anhalt-Zerbst	1603
inception	Tanzania Commission for Universities (TCU) is the statutory and regulatory organization established in 2005 by the Tanzanian Government to oversee University education in Tanzania.It is the body whose ,recognition, approval and accediation is needed before any University can started.	Tanzania Commission for Universities	2005
inception	Jincheon Station was terminal from 1997 November 26 to 2002 May 10, when Daegok Station was opened.	Jincheon Station	1997
inception	Crash Rickshaw released their self-titled album on September 11, 2001 on Tooth & Nail Records.	Crash Rickshaw	2001
inception	Diabolic is an American death metal band from Tampa, Florida, founded in 1998 by drummer Aantar Lee Coates and guitarist Brian Malone.	Diabolic	1998
inception	The group was founded in 2003 as The Arsenal Supporters' Trust and is registered as an Industrial and Provident Society, which means the Trust is owned equally by all of its members.	Arsenal Supporters' Trust	2003
inception	Izhevsk Mechanical Plant (Russian: Ижевский Mеханический Завод, Izhevsky Mekhanchesky Zavod) or IZHMEKH (ИЖМЕХ) was a major firearms manufacturer founded in Izhevsk in 1942 for manufacturing small arms.	Izhevsk Mechanical Plant	1942
inception	Tekno Comix was an American publishing company that produced comic books from 1995 to 1997.	Tekno Comix	1995
inception	The Metropol Verlag is a German publishing house, established in 1988 and generally acknowledged as one of the leading publishers on the Nazi era and the history of the GDR.	Metropol Verlag	1988
inception	MesoCoat was spun out of advanced materials company Powdermet, Inc. in 2007 to be an independent firm.	MesoCoat	2007
inception	A Perfect Circle is an American rock supergroup formed in 1999 by guitarist Billy Howerdel and Tool vocalist Maynard James Keenan.	A Perfect Circle	1999
inception	The European Chamber Music Academy (ECMA) was founded in 2004 on the initiative of Hatto Beyerle.	European Chamber Music Academy	2004
inception	Alexisonfire (pronounced ``Alexis on fire'') is a five-piece Canadian post-hardcore band that formed in St. Catharines, Ontario in 2001.	Alexisonfire	2001
inception	The Philharmonie Festiva was originally founded by the conductor Gerd Schaller in 2008 to perform at the Ebrach Summer Music Festival.	Philharmonie Festiva	2008
inception	Shute Park Plaza opened in 1985 at a cost of $6 million.	Shute Park Plaza	1985
inception	Metropolitan State University of Denver was founded in 1965 as an opportunity school.	Metropolitan State University of Denver	1965
inception	Prior to the release of Foo Fighters' 1995 debut album Foo Fighters, which featured Grohl as the only official member, Grohl recruited bassist Nate Mendel and drummer William Goldsmith, both formerly of Sunny Day Real Estate, as well as Nirvana touring guitarist Pat Smear to complete the lineup.	Foo Fighters	1995
inception	Michel Lévy Frères is a Parisian publishing house founded in 1836 by Michel Lévy with his brothers Nathan and Kalmus.	Michel Lévy Frères	1836
inception	The National Bank of Kuwait (NBK) was incorporated in 1952 as the first local bank and the first shareholding company in Kuwait and the Gulf region.	National Bank of Kuwait	1952
inception	On 13 May 1881, Rotuma was officially ceded to the United Kingdom, seven years after Fiji became a colony.	Rotuma	1881
inception	Kaluga Governorate (1796--1929) was a governorate of the Russian Empire and for some time of the RSFSR.	Kaluga Governorate	1796
inception	Powys Fadog (English: Lower Powys or Madog's Powys) was the northern portion of the former princely realm of Powys which split in two following the death of Madog ap Maredudd of Powys in 1160.	Powys Fadog	1160
inception	Westwon was a dance/rock fusion band formed in 1987 and reasonably well known for supporting Gary Numan on the 1987 Exhibition Tour.	Westwon	1987
inception	Dunk Yer Funk Records was a sub-label of record distributor JDC Records, active in San Pedro, California from 1985 - 1988.	Dunk Yer Funk Records	1985
inception	Freedom Airlines, Inc. was an American FAA Part 121 certificated air carrier operating under air carrier certificate number FDKA087K issued on April 1, 2002.	Freedom Airlines	2002
inception	Presidium Convent was established in autumn 1919, almost together with Latvian University.	Presidium Convent	1919
inception	The National Television Awards (often shortened to NTAs) is a British television awards ceremony, broadcast by the ITV network and initiated in 1995.	National Television Awards	1995
inception	Launched in 1989 as MFM 97.1 (an opt-out service from the main Marcher Sound output), the station relaunched as Wirral's Buzz on 14 February 1999, before becoming Heart Wirral in 2009.	Heart Wirral	1989
inception	Northern Michigan University (NMU) is a four-year college public university established in 1899 and located in Marquette, in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.	Northern Michigan University	1899
inception	In 1942, the Government put forth Mongolia's first university, the National University of Mongolia, with the first students graduating in 1946.	National University of Mongolia	1942
inception	Escadrille 3 was formed in July 1912 at Avord as Escadrille B13, equipped with Bleriots.	Escadrille 3	July 1912
inception	The merger of the individual communities into the greater community of Weilrod took place in 1972.	Weilrod	1972
inception	The Syrian Electronic Army (SEA) is a group of computer hackers which first surfaced online in 2011 to support the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.	Syrian Electronic Army	2011
inception	MBC MASR was launched during an official ceremony in Cairo on 16 October 2012, and began broadcasting on 9 November 2012.	MBC MASR	2012
inception	Zayed University was established in 1998 by the federal government of the United Arab Emirates.	Zayed University	1998
inception	Step One Records was an independent American record label established in February 1984 in Nashville, Tennessee.	Step One Records	1984
inception	The Bernard M. Gordon Prize was started in 2001 by the United States National Academy of Engineering.	Gordon Prize	2001
inception	The Mauritius Tourism Promotion Authority (MTPA) is a statutory board under the Ministry of Tourism and Leisure of Mauritius established in 1996 by the MTPA Act.	Mauritius Tourism Promotion Authority	1996
inception	The station was assigned the KPLO-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on February 20, 1985.	KPLO-FM	1985
inception	Trap Them began as a side-project for Ryan McKenney (former vocalist of Backstabbers Incorporated) and Brian Izzi (guitarist of December Wolves) in 2001 while Izzi was beginning his stint as second guitarist for Backstabbers Inc. The two met while working together at Newbury Comics in Salem, NH and immediately became close friends.	Trap Them	2001
inception	The Visible Men are an American rock band formed in 1999, consisting of Dustin Lanker (vocals, keyboards), Dan Schmid (bass guitar), Jordan Glenn (drums) and later Jimi Russel (guitar).	The Visible Men	1999
inception	Unwritten Law is an American rock band formed in 1990 in Poway, California They have released seven full-length studio albums and have toured internationally, including performances on the Warped Tour.	Unwritten Law	1990
inception	The Bottle Rockets are an American band formed in 1992, currently based in St. Louis, Missouri.	The Bottle Rockets	1992
inception	Nogod (stylized as NoGoD), is a Japanese visual kei heavy metal band formed in 2005 by vocalist Dancho.	Nogod	2005
inception	The brand was introduced in 1955 by Munsingwear, a Minneapolis-based underwear and military garment manufacturer, when it launched the Original Penguin golf shirt in the United States.	Original Penguin	1955
inception	WECN Channel 64 began operations in 1986; branded as Telecadena ECN or Encuentro Christian Network, better known as El Canal de Naranjito.	WECN	1986
inception	According to the United States Patent and Trademark Office ``USPTO.GOV'' the word mark ``Vision Street Wear'' was first used in Commerce on April 18, 1986.	Vision Street Wear	1986
inception	Centre for Sight was founded by Sheraz Daya MD FACP FACS FRCS(Ed)FRCOphth in 1996.	Centre for Sight	1996
inception	Turner Classic Movies debuted on April 14, 1994, at 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time, with Ted Turner launching the channel at a ceremony in New York City's Times Square district.	Turner Classic Movies	1994
inception	The All-China Women's Federation (Chinese:中华全国妇女联合会, pinyin: Zhōnghuá Quánguó Fuǹǚ Liánhéhuì), also known as the ACWF, is a women's rights organization established in China on 24 March 1949.	All-China Women's Federation	24 March 1949
inception	The São Paulo Museum of Image and Sound (in Portuguese, Museu da Imagem e do Som de São Paulo, or MIS) is a public museum of audio-visual works, established in 1970 and located in São Paulo, Brazil.	São Paulo Museum of Image and Sound	1970
inception	Knowlarity Communications was founded by IIT-Kanpur alumni Ambarish Gupta and Pallav Pandey in August 2009.	Knowlarity	2009
inception	After Oraclez Creed (Onry Ozzborn, Pale Soul, and Sleep) connected with Frontline (Destro, Nyqwil, and Snafu), Rochester A.P. named the group Oldominion in 1999.	Oldominion	1999
inception	The Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences (SASS; Chinese: 上海社会科学院; pinyin: Shànghǎi Shèhuìkēxuéyuàn) was founded in 1958 and is China's oldest institution for the humanities and social sciences.	Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences	1958
inception	TV Asia was the first Asian TV channel to be founded in the UK in 1990.	TV Asia	1990
inception	Eradikal Insane is a French death metal band that formed in Marseille, France, in 2004.	Eradikal Insane	2004
inception	The brain-child of successful professional musicians Geoff Collinson and Michael Bertoncello, the Melbourne International Festival of Brass (MIFB) commenced in 2003.	Melbourne International Festival of Brass	2003
inception	The Socialist Party of Sri Lanka, which has declared fraternal relations with the League for the Fifth International in May 2007, is an Autumn 2006 split from the United Socialist Party in Sri Lanka which is part of the Committee for a Workers' International.	Socialist Party of Sri Lanka	2006
inception	Shasta College is an American two-year community college located in Redding, California founded in 1950.	Shasta College	1950
inception	The Northern Lakes League (NLL), is an OHSAA high school athletic conference that was formed in 1956 and comprises eight high schools in Northwest Ohio.	Northern Lakes League	1956
inception	On a subsequent residential music course in 1993, second guitarist Alessandro Bruno joined the project, which took on the new name of Europa String Choir.	Europa String Choir	1993
inception	Vaughan Mills opened on November 4, 2004, and was the first regional enclosed shopping complex in the Greater Toronto Area since the Erin Mills Town Centre opened in 1990.	Vaughan Mills	2004
inception	Established in the year 2007, Vendetta Films is a subsidiary of Gamewizz Digital Entertainment.	Vendetta Films	2007
inception	The Delaware Valley Association of Structural Engineers (DVASE) is a structural engineering association established in 1991.	Delaware Valley Association of Structural Engineers	1991
inception	Supersordo was a Chilean rock band, formed in 1991 and separated in 1997.	Supersordo	1991
inception	The Botswana Accountancy College was established in 1996 as joint venture between the Ministry of Finance and Development Planning (MFDP), The Debswana Diamond Company and the Botswana Institute of Accountants (BIA), enrolling 349 ACCA, CIMA, AAT and NCC diploma students.	Botswana Accountancy College	1996
inception	Low vs Diamond was an American rock band formed in 2002 by Lucas Field, Howie Diamond, and Tad Moore (birth name: James Thaddeus Moore IV) while they were students at the University of Colorado.	Low vs Diamond	2002
inception	Formed in 1912 FC Ensdorf spent the first three decades in local amateur football.	FC Ensdorf	1912
inception	Dürr Dental is a German company in the dental industry, which was founded as a precision-mechanics workshop in Stuttgart-Feuerbach in 1941 by the brothers Karl and Wilhelm Dürr, from Gechingen close to Calw in the Schwarzwald.	Dürr Dental	1941
inception	The United States Navy Nurse Corps was officially established by Congress in 1908; however, unofficially, women had been working as nurses aboard Navy ships and in Navy hospitals for nearly 100 years.	United States Navy Nurse Corps	1908
inception	Flint & Pere Marquette Railroad (F&PM) Detroit, Grand Rapids & Western Railroad (DGR&W) Chicago & West Michigan Railway (C&WM) The company was reincorporated on March 12, 1917 as the Pere Marquette Railway.	Pere Marquette Railway	1917
inception	The business was incorporated in 1915 by Donaldson, his parents and his siblings as Donaldson Company Inc. In the first decade Donaldson Company made two important moves, it acquired the Wilcox-Bennet air filter license and introduced a new kind of filter the Simplex, used to prevent engine damage.	Donaldson Company	1915
inception	League of Death broke up in 2002 after a final show with the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, giving rise to Double Dagger, as a self-described ``graphicdesigncore'' band, with several songs referencing design and typographic elements on their first releases.	Double Dagger	2002
inception	Though the two firms using these names had been in association for many years, it was not until 1987 that they finally integrated to become Trowers & Hamlins.	Trowers & Hamlins	1987
inception	The Amsterdam Pipe Museum (Pijpenkabinet) was founded as a private collection in 1969.	Amsterdam Pipe Museum	1969
inception	Smooth East Midlands is a Independent Local Radio station for the East Midlands, which replaced Saga 106.6 FM at 6am on Monday 26 March 2007.	Smooth East Midlands	2007
inception	The Riptide Movement are an Irish rock band formed in Dublin, Ireland in 2006 by vocalist and guitarist Mal Tuohy, guitarist John Dalton, bassist and harmonica player Ger Mc Garry and drummer Gar Byrne.	The Riptide Movement	2006
inception	Clearwater Marine Aquarium opened in 1972 at its current location on Clearwater Beach, in a former water treatment plant (the large tanks being well-suited for rehabilitation operations).	Clearwater Marine Aquarium	1972
inception	IM Flash Technologies, LLC is the semiconductor company founded in January 2006, by Intel Corporation and Micron Technology, Inc. IM Flash produces NAND flash memory for use in consumer electronics, removable storage and handheld communication devices.	IM Flash Technologies	2006
inception	Engenco was founded as Global Turbocharger Specialists Australia by Michael Coote in 1989 providing diesel engine spare parts.	Engenco	1989
inception	InProg is an international progressive rock festival held almost yearly since 2001 in Moscow, Russia.	InProg	2001
inception	The Nineveh Plain Protection Units (Syriac: ܚܕܝ̈ܘܬ ܣܬܪܐ ܕܫܛܚܐ ܕܢܝܢܘܐ‎ Ḥḏāywāṯ Settārā da-Šṭāḥā d-Nīnwē; Arabic: وحدات حماية سهل نينوى‎) or NPU is a military organization created in December 2014.	Nineveh Plain Protection Units	2014
inception	Lotus Child was a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2003 from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Lotus Child	2003
inception	Irisys was founded in 1996 by a small group of scientists and engineers, who had previously worked at the Plessey Caswell research labs, predominantly on high-resolution military infrared imaging systems.	Irisys	1996
inception	The band began as Inspector Luv and the Ride Me Babys in Tacoma, Washington before becoming Green Apple Quick Step, in Seattle, by 1992.	Green Apple Quick Step	1992
inception	They were first known as the L.A. Dance Awards (1994--95), then as Bob Fosse Awards, and a.k.a. Fosse's (1996--97), and eventually the American Choreography Awards (1998-'04).	American Choreography Awards	1994
inception	Crayon Pop (Hangul: 크레용팝) is a South Korean girl group formed under Chrome Entertainment in 2012.	Crayon Pop	2012
inception	The Mineral Products Association (MPA) was formed in March 2009 from the merger of the Quarry Products Association, the British Cement Association and The Concrete Centre.	Mineral Products Association	2009
inception	EastEnd Cabaret is an award-winning musical comedy cabaret character duo based in London, England, formed in late 2009.	EastEnd Cabaret	2009
inception	GLS Bank (full name GLS Gemeinschaftsbank eG) is a German ethical bank that was founded in 1974 as an anthroposophical initiative by Wilhelm Ernst Barkhoff and Gisela Reuther.	GLS Bank	1974
inception	Taipei Zoo was founded in 1914, when Taiwan was under Japanese rule, in Yuanshan Mountain (Maruyama) on the northern suburb of Taipei City.	Taipei Zoo	1914
inception	Agang South Africa is a South African political party, formed by anti-apartheid activist Mamphela Ramphele on 18 February 2013, although the party claims on its website that it was founded on 22 June 2013, which was the date of the party's first official congress.	Agang South Africa	18 February 2013
inception	The Hay Harvest (also known as Haymaking), is an oil on wood painting created by Pieter Bruegel (c. 1525-1569), in 1565.	The Hay Harvest	1565
inception	Orange Air is an American charter airline that began service in 2014.	Orange Air	2014
inception	Scary Kids Scaring Kids (abbreviated SKSK) was an American post-hardcore band formed in Gilbert, Arizona, in 2002.	Scary Kids Scaring Kids	2002
inception	The concept of a standby ``Radio Amateur Civil Emergency Service'' to replace the conventional ``Amateur Radio Service'' during wartime was developed in 1952 as result of input from the American Radio Relay League and the Department of the Army's Office of Civil Defense.	Radio Amateur Civil Emergency Service	1952
inception	Melton continued work at Peter Lehmann Wines until 1986 when he and his wife Virginia established Charles Melton Wines.	Charles Melton Wines	1986
inception	The Cave Clan was founded on 26 January (Australia Day), 1986 by three Melbourne teenagers, Woody, Dougo and Sloth.	Cave Clan	1986
inception	Formed in 1994 in Oakland, California, Benümb became known within the local hardcore community as a respected grindcore band.	Benümb	1994
inception	Crystal Fighters are an English electronic/folk band, formed in London, United Kingdom in 2007.	Crystal Fighters	2007
inception	ABIC was established in 2003 and represents early stage researchers, such as doctoral students, and post-doc fellows as well as researchers who are not included is these two groups but are grant-holders.	ABIC	2003
inception	Advans Banque Congo was incorporated in July 2008 and granted a commercial banking license in May 2009 by the Central Bank of Congo.	Advans Banque Congo	2008
inception	With the motto: ``Nobel the virtue of education and health,'' Nobel Academy was established in 1998 by the collaboration of Surendra Shrestha , Navaraj Panday , Uttam Vaukaji and others.	Nobel Academy	1998
inception	Opera Memphis is a Memphis, Tennessee non-profit arts organization chartered in 1956 by a group of Memphians interested in producing regional opera.	Opera Memphis	1956
inception	With the motto of faith, hope and love, the Goyang Foreign Language High School was established in March 2002.	Goyang Foreign Language High School	2002
inception	Calea Ferată din Moldova (literally ``Moldovan Railways'' in Romanian) came into existence in 1991 as the successor to the former MŽD, a subdivision of SŽD, the Railway system of the Soviet Union.	Calea Ferată din Moldova	1991
inception	Mutahida Deeni Mahaz (Urdu: متحدہ دينی محاذ‎) is a political party that was formed in 2013 by Maulana Sami ul Haq, to participate in Pakistani general election, 2013.	Mutahida Deeni Mahaz	2013
inception	Kauan is an atmospheric doom metal/post-rock band from Chelyabinsk, Russia formed in 2005.	Kauan	2005
inception	Yamal Airlines (Russian:ОАО ``Авиационная транспортная компания ``Ямал'', OAO Aviatransportnaya kompania Yamal) is an airline based in Salekhard, Russia. It operates regional passenger services and was established in 1997.	Yamal Airlines	1997
inception	Mazzika Group, formed in April 2003, is a vertically integrated multi-content entertainment group, focused on repackaging and distribution of Arabic content to Arabic-speaking communities and audiences interested in Arab-related content.	Mazzika	2003
inception	TLN began broadcasting in October 1984 and is a privately held company owned by Telelatino Network Inc., a consortium majority owned by Corus Entertainment along with three prominent Italian Canadian families.	Telelatino	1984
inception	In April 2004, a deal was reached for KBLL-FM to be acquired by Cherry Creek Radio from Holter Broadcasting Corp. (Jann Holter-Lambert, president) as part of a 2 station deal with a total reported sale price of $2.8 million.	KBLL-FM	2004
inception	BrowserChoice.eu was a website created in March 2010 as the result of the decision in the European Union Microsoft competition case.	BrowserChoice.eu	2010
inception	Maranatha Campus Ministries was a Charismatic/Pentecostal-oriented Christian ministry founded by Bob Weiner which existed from 1971 to 1990.	Maranatha Campus Ministries	1971
inception	In 1997, Andreas and his daughter Alexandra founded Papadakis Publisher.	Papadakis Publisher	1997
inception	The Jerusalem Emergency Committee (Vaadat Hamosadot Le-Inyanai Youshalayim) was a seven man group set up in December 1947 by the Jewish Agency for Israel to take over the civil administration of Jewish Jerusalem as the British mandate over Palestine came to an end.	Jerusalem Emergency Committee	1947
inception	American Freedom Mortgage, Inc. (AFM) was a private S Corporation incorporated on February 2, 2001, according to the Georgia Secretary of State, and headquartered in Marietta, Georgia.	American Freedom Mortgage	2001
inception	O2TV (stylized as O2TV) is a Russian independent TV channel, the target audience of which are young people between 16 and 35, who, as the 2006 presentation reads, would constitute an influential portion of the electorate in the Russian legislative and presidential elections.	O2TV	2006
inception	Sasquatch Books is a Seattle-based book publishing company that was founded in 1986.	Sasquatch Books	1986
inception	The Birmingham Heartlands Development Corporation was established in 1992 to develop 9.5 square kilometres of land in the East of Birmingham.	Birmingham Heartlands Development Corporation	1992
inception	Bellarive is a Christian pop rock band that originated in Orlando in 2009.	Bellarive	2009
inception	The Australian Racing Board, established in 1998, is the peak national administration body for Thoroughbred racing in Australia.	Australian Racing Board	1998
inception	MGA Entertainment (Micro-Games America Entertainment) is a manufacturer of children's toys and entertainment products founded in 1979.	MGA Entertainment	1979
inception	Matchbook Romance is an American rock band from Poughkeepsie, New York and was formed in 1997.	Matchbook Romance	1997
inception	The Imperial Territory of Alsace-Lorraine (German: Reichsland Elsaß-Lothringen or Elsass-Lothringen) was a territory created by the German Empire in 1871 after it annexed most of Alsace and the Moselle department of Lorraine following its victory in the Franco-Prussian War.	Alsace-Lorraine	1871
inception	Ekaterinoslav 1776--1782, reestablished 1783--1797 Novorossiysk 1797--1802 Ekaterinoslav 1802--1918 Sicheslav 1918 Katerynoslav / Yekaterinoslav 1918--1926 Dnipropetrovsk / Dnepropetrovsk 1926--1992 Dnipropetrovsk 1992--present It is also referred to as Katerynoslav, also Catharinoslav on maps of the nineteenth century.	Dnipropetrovsk	1776
inception	The National Hispanic Caucus of State Legislators (NHCSL) is the non-partisan, 501(C)(3) organization founded in 1989 by then Colorado State Senator, Larry Trujillo.	National Hispanic Caucus of State Legislators	1989
inception	Tele2 Russia (Russian: Tele2 Россия) is a Russian telecommunications company founded in 2001 by the Swedish group Tele2, based on networks it acquired in Russia.	Tele2 Russia	2001
inception	From 2008 the Inter-Provincial Limited Over Tournament became the main stream domestic List A competition in Sri Lanka, with the Premier Limited Overs Tournament being the other, which is played between the clubs in Sri Lanka.	Inter-Provincial Limited Over Tournament	2008
inception	Obelisk International was founded in 2006 as a company dealing in investments, particularly in real estate, in emerging markets around the world.	Obelisk International	2006
inception	The first meeting of FUDOFSI took place in Paris in February 1939.	FUDOFSI	1939
inception	Endeca was founded in 1999 and was a privately held company, backed by venture capital investment from Bessemer, DN Capital, In-Q-Tel, Intel, SAP and Venrock,.	Endeca	1999
inception	Faith in Plastics was a four-piece indie pop/rock band from Perth, Western Australia formed in December 2002 and disbanded in 2007.	Faith in Plastics	2002
inception	The grand opening of the mall portion of Pittsburgh Mills was on July 14, 2005.	Pittsburgh Mills	2005
inception	The South American Mission Society was founded at Brighton in 1844 as the Patagonian Mission.	South American Mission Society	1844
inception	Bay Ferries began operations in 1997 upon being awarded the operating licenses for ferry routes in the Bay of Fundy and Gulf of Maine which were being discontinued by federal Crown corporation Marine Atlantic as part of cost-cutting measures.	Bay Ferries	1997
inception	In-Gear Film Production Co., Ltd., or In-Gear Film, was a Hong Kong production company that was established by actor/film producer Alan Tang in 1987.	In-Gear Film Production	1987
inception	Launched in 2011, Rent My Wedding is headquartered in Miami, Florida and operates as an e-commerce company across the United States.	Rent My Wedding	2011
inception	Launched in 1984, Citigold, a subsidiary of the multinational financial corporation Citigroup has high market capitalisation in the Middle East and Asia, and also operates in Australia and parts of North and South America.	Citigold	1984
inception	The Stamp Stampede campaign launched in October 2012.	Stamp Stampede	2012
inception	The Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam (Vietnamese: Chính phủ Cách mạng lâm thời Cộng hoà miền Nam Việt Nam), or PRG, was formed on June 8, 1969, as an underground government opposed to the South Vietnamese government of President Nguyễn Văn Thiệu.	Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam	1969
inception	It was founded in 1968 in a double garage in the Swabian town of Winnenden near Stuttgart (Germany) by rally driver and mechanic Günther Irmscher,.	Irmscher	1968
inception	Vignana Jyothi Institute of Management (VJIM) was set up by the Vignana Jyothi educational society in 1993.	Vignana Jyothi Institute of Management	1993
inception	Colombo Fashion Week was conceived in 2003, as a project that was focused on uplifting Sri Lanka's fashion design industry.	Colombo Fashion Week	2003
inception	Elemental Games was founded in December, 1999 as NewGame Software, a division of Degro, Ltd. NewGame Software's first releases were the freeware turn-based strategy game The General and the desktop application Panels.	Elemental Games	1999
inception	Insurge, commonly typeset iNsuRge, were a political industrial rock band founded in 1994 by singer-songwriter-guitarist Chris Dubrow (ex-Soulscraper).	Insurge	1994
inception	Revava was established in the spring of 1991 in a central location, at a location about half an hour east of Petah Tikva, near Ariel and the Barkan industrial zone.	Revava	1991
inception	Advanced Math and Science Academy Charter School is a charter school founded in 2005.	Advanced Math and Science Academy Charter School	2005
inception	The Shizit was a digital hardcore act from Seattle, Washington, USA, initially formed by J.P. Anderson and Brian Shrader in 1999.	The Shizit	1999
inception	The Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame was instituted in 1995 to recognize the careers of former Boston Red Sox baseball players.	Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame	1995
inception	The Northwest Sound Men's Chorus was chartered by Barbershop Harmony Society in 1985.	Northwest Sound Men's Chorus	1985
inception	The Hungarian Ice Hockey Hall of Fame, which honours players, coaches, referees and other individuals who have made important contributions to the sport of hockey in Hungary, was founded and the first members were inducted on 16 April 2011.	Hungarian Ice Hockey Hall of Fame	2011
inception	This was the predecessor of AIESEC, which was officially founded in 1948.	AIESEC	1948
inception	Now known as RTS Option Musique, the station was launched in 1994 and offers music programming along with popular French variety and contributes actively to the promotion of songwriters and performers in Switzerland.	Option Musique	1994
inception	The National Cordage Company was formed in New Jersey in 1887, for the importation of hemp and the manufacture and sale of cordage.	National Cordage Company	1887
inception	While student organizations in technology education date back to the mid-1950s, Virginia TSA was officially established in 1971 as the Virginia Association of the American Industrial Arts Student Association (AIASA).	Virginia TSA	1971
inception	Grapette is a grape-flavored soft drink that was first produced and marketed in 1939 by Benjamin ``Tyndle'' Fooks.	Grapette	1939
inception	Linea 77 is an Italian nu metal band formed in 1993.	Linea 77	1993
inception	A ``central'' school which opened in 1927 in Staveley Road, becoming a secondary modern school, then merging with the grammar school to become Chiswick Comprehensive School (or Just Chiswick School) in 1968.	Chiswick School	1968
inception	The South Asian Bar Association of Northern California was founded in 1993 to ensure that Bay Area South Asian lawyers were provided an avenue to develop professionally, network among peers and volunteer within the South Asian community.	South Asian Bar Association	1993
inception	Maconomy was a global provider of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software founded in 1989 in Denmark.	Maconomy	1989
inception	Walltopia was founded in Bulgaria in 1996 as a manufacturer of artificial climbing walls and climbing holds by two climbers - Ivaylo Penchev and Metin Musov.	Walltopia	1996
inception	The Umrao Hospitals was inaugurated on 1 November 2010 by Ghulam Nabi Azad, the Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India.	Umrao Hospitals	2010
inception	Mang Inasal (Hiligaynon for Mr. Barbecue) is a barbecue fast food restaurant chain in the Philippines established in Iloilo City in 2003.	Mang Inasal	2003
inception	Sky Television plc was originally Satellite Television Ltd. (SATV), a consortium set up by Brian Haynes in November 1980.	Sky Television plc	November 1980
inception	Equality Now is a non-governmental organization founded in 1992 whose purpose is to, in its own words, work ``for the protection and promotion of the human rights of women and girls around the world''.	Equality Now	1992
inception	Santa Cruz Games was an independent video game developer founded in 2001 in Santa Cruz, California, USA.	Santa Cruz Games	2001
inception	Maranatha Volunteers International (Maranatha) is a non-profit Christian organization founded in 1969 and is based in Sacramento, California USA with offices in Canada, Latin America, India and Mozambique.	Maranatha Volunteers International	1969
inception	Gorefest reformed in 2004 and played various summer festivals in 2005.	Gorefest	2004
inception	Ontario March of Dimes (OMOD) began in 1951 as the Canadian Foundation of Poliomyelitis, which funded research and provided medical and rehabilitation services to people with polio.	Ontario March of Dimes	1951
inception	Westfield Citrus Park, formerly Citrus Park Town Center, is a shopping mall in Citrus Park, Florida, that opened in March 1999.	Westfield Citrus Park	1999
inception	From 2000, New TV has got a licence again and it became Al Jadeed TV in 2001.	Al Jadeed	2001
inception	Since 2001, North Sea Capital has been advising investors to commit capital to strategies focused primarily on middle market buyout and special situation funds but also to venture, growth capital and balanced strategy funds.	North Sea Capital	2001
inception	The Group R regulations were created in 2012 as a replacement for Group A and Group N cars, and took effect from 2013.	Group R	2012
inception	SanomaWSOY was formed in 1999 with the merger of Sanoma Corporation, WSOY (Werner Söderström Osakeyhtiö; Werner Söderström Corporation) and Helsinki Media Company.	Sanoma	1999
inception	The Museu de Belles Arts de València (Valencian pronunciation: (muˈzɛw ðe ˈβeʎez ˈaɾdz de vaˈlensia); Spanish: Museo de Bellas Artes de Valencia; English: ``Museum of Fine Arts of Valencia'') is an art gallery in Valencia, Spain, founded in 1913.	Museu de Belles Arts de València	1913
inception	Tsatthoggua was a German hyperspeed black metal band from Germany formed in 1989.	Tsatthoggua	1989
inception	The Kaisers were a Scottish beat band formed in 1992 in Edinburgh, Scotland.	The Kaisers	1992
inception	David Schlessinger, who had earlier started the now-defunct Encore Books chain of bookstores, founded Zany Brainy in 1991.	Zany Brainy	1991
inception	Knights Inn started in Columbus, Ohio when its first location opened in 1974.	Knights Inn	1974
inception	The National University of General Sarmiento (UNGS) (Castilian: Universidad Nacional de General Sarmiento) is a national university in Argentina, founded in 1993.	National University of General Sarmiento	1993
inception	KMAE (106.5 FM) was an American commercial radio station licensed in 2010 to serve the community of Bruni, Texas.	KMAE	2010
inception	Verde70 started in 1999 with band members Dario Castro (vocals and guitar) David Arízaga (drums) and Diego Saa (backup vocals and bass guitar).	Verde70	1999
inception	Originally founded in 1938, in Hofstade near Aalst, Belgium, Jan De Nul started as a construction company specialised in civil works and maritime construction.	Jan De Nul	1938
inception	If P&C Insurance was formed in 1999 through the merger of the property and casualty insurance operations of Storebrand of Norway and Skandia of Sweden.	If P&C Insurance	1999
inception	Beady Belle (established 1999 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz band founded by Beate S. Lech in collaboration with her bassist and future husband Marius Reksjø, after having been encouraged to make a record by Bugge Wesseltoft at Jazzland Recordings.	Beady Belle	1999
inception	Glow Energy PCL is a power and utility company in Thailand established in 1993.	Glow Energy	1993
inception	The Soberano Awards (formerly known as Casandra Awards) is an award given since 1985, by the Association of Art Critics of the Dominican Republic.	Soberano Awards	1985
inception	The current organization, as a cooperating group of several petroleum and natural gas companies, was established in 1983, and at the same time the scope of OREDA was extended to cover reliability data from a wide range of equipment used in oil and gas exploration and production (E&P).	OREDA	1983
inception	Founded in 1993, the Halifax Pop Explosion has actually been three different events that are now remembered as one long standing event.	Halifax Pop Explosion	1993
inception	Healthcare-NOW! was founded in 2004, originally under the name of the Campaign for a National Health Program NOW (CNHP NOW).	Healthcare-NOW!	2004
inception	On 20 November 2009, New Kaupthing changed its name to Arion Banki.	Arion Bank	2009
inception	Northland Power is an independent power producer founded in 1987, and publicly traded since 1997.	Northland Power	1987
inception	Native Foods Cafe is a fast-casual vegan restaurant chain that operates in California, Oregon, Colorado, Illinois, and Washington D.C. The first Native Foods Cafe opened in 1994 in Palm Springs, California.	Native Foods Cafe	1994
inception	National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) is an Indian government body set up under the National Council for Teacher Education Act, 1993 (#73, 1993) in 1995 is to formally oversee standards, procedures and processes in the Indian education system.	National Council for Teacher Education Act, 1993	1995
inception	In 1932, the Barber Institute of Fine Arts was established, and was bequeathed to the University 'for the study and encouragement of art and music'.	Barber Institute of Fine Arts	1932
inception	London Griffins were formed in March 2005 as the supporters team of London Broncos and are now the Harlequins Rugby League supporters team.	London Griffins	2005
inception	The Congolese Party of Labour (French: Parti congolais du travail, PCT), founded in 1969 by Marien Ngouabi, is the ruling political party of the Republic of the Congo.	Congolese Party of Labour	1969
inception	Tarhan Tower Airlines operated the following services (at December 2006):	Tarhan Tower Airlines	2006
inception	Teletrac was originally founded as International Teletrac Systems in 1988.	Teletrac	1988
inception	Monster Energy is an energy drink introduced by Hansen Natural Corp. (HANS) in April 2002.	Monster Energy	April 2002
inception	Metismo was a mobile middleware developer founded in August 2007 by John Chasey, Glenn Broadway, Nick Reed and Matthew Cope who previously had been employed at mobile game studio IOMO, a subsidiary of InfoSpace.	Metismo	August 2007
inception	The Yellow Monkey, often abbreviated as Yemon (イエモン), is a Japanese rock band active from 1988 to 2001, before officially disbanding in 2004.	The Yellow Monkey	1988
inception	Gospel of the Horns is a black metal band that was formed in 1993 by guitarist Shane Transvaal D (also of Deinonychus) & Mark Howitzer.	Gospel of the Horns	1993
inception	Palatine Zweibrücken was established as a separate principality in 1444, when Stefan, Count Palatine of Simmern-Zweibrücken divided his territory, Pfalz-Simmern and Zweibrücken, between his two sons.	Palatine Zweibrücken	1444
inception	The Bergisch-Markisch Railway Company was founded on 18 October 1843 in Elberfeld (Today Wuppertal).	Bergisch-Markisch Railway Company	1843
inception	The Juke Joint Gamblers are an American rock and roll band founded in Portland, Oregon, in 2005.	Juke Joint Gamblers	2005
inception	Ideal Institute of Management and Technology & School of Law is a postsecondary institution in Karkardooma, an area of Delhi, India, founded in 1999 by the New Millennium Education Society.	Ideal Institute of Management and Technology	1999
inception	The Capital University of Economics and Business (CUEB), traces its roots back to 1956 when the Ministry of National Education founded the Beijing Economics Institute.	Capital University of Economics and Business	1956
inception	DXCM 97.9 was inaugurated as Love Radio on October 12, 1990 as the all-love-songs radio.	DXCM	1990
inception	The Popular University of Nicaragua (Spanish: Universidad Popular de Nicaragua (UPONIC)) is a private university located in Managua, Nicaragua, founded in 1992.	Popular University of Nicaragua	1992
inception	Founded in 1904 by Wallace Waite, Arthur Rose and David Taylor, Waitrose began as a small grocery store, Waite, Rose & Taylor, in Acton, West London.	Waitrose	1904
inception	The Me N Ma Girls (formerly known as The Tiger Girls) is the first all-girl pop hip hop dance ensemble from Myanmar discovered by Australian dancer Nicole ``Nikki'' May and Burmese entrepreneur U Moe Kyaw in 2010.	Me N Ma Girls	2010
inception	The International Sugar Organization is an intergovernmental organization, based in London, which was established by the International Sugar Agreement of 1968, as the body responsible for administering the Agreement.	International Sugar Organization	1968
inception	Hansengross is an independent fashion label started in 2006.	Hansengross	2006
inception	The Okolo Jižních Čech is a staged road cycling race that has been held annually in the Czech Republic since 2012.	Okolo Jižních Čech	2012
inception	K-Swiss was founded in 1966 in Los Angeles, California, by the two Swiss brothers Art and Ernie Brunner who became interested in tennis after emigrating to the United States.	K-Swiss	1966
inception	Established in 1984, Zhejiang University Press publishes on diverse subjects and covers areas of natural sciences, engineering and technology, the humanities and social sciences, medicine and life sciences.	Zhejiang University Press	1984
inception	Engenheiros do Hawaii (``Engineers from/of Hawaii'' in English) was a Brazilian rock band formed in Porto Alegre in 1985 that achieved great popularity with their ironic, critically charged songs with heavily semantic lyrics often relying on wordplays.	Engenheiros do Hawaii	1985
inception	The Company was founded in 1973 as a broker by Edward Benfield Mike Rees & Peter Lovick and in 1983 a management buyout was undertaken by John Coldman Matthew Harding & Grahame Chilton and in 1988 tge name was changed to The Benfield Group.	Benfield Group	1973
inception	The Fante Confederacy can refer either to the loose alliance of the Fante states in existence at least since the sixteenth century, or it can refer to the short-lived Confederation formed in 1868 and dissolved in 1874.	Fante Confederacy	1868
inception	Formed in 1992, Soul for Real signed with Uptown Records and released their debut album Candy Rain on March 28, 1995.	Soul for Real	1992
inception	First observed in 1999, Celebrate Bisexuality Day is the brainchild of three United States bisexual rights activists:	Celebrate Bisexuality Day	1999
inception	The Lafayette SwampCats were a professional indoor soccer team based in Lafayette, Louisiana that played in the EISL during both of the leagues seasons from 1997 to 1998.	Lafayette SwampCats	1997
inception	The Middlebury Institute for the study of separatism, secession, and self-determination is a political think tank and activist organization founded in 2005.	Middlebury Institute	2005
inception	Got Event was formed when the company Fritid Göteborg was reorganized and split in 1999 to Got Event AB, Park- och naturförvaltningen, and Idrotts- och föreningsförvaltningen.	Got Event	1999
inception	Bubble Hits Ireland was originally scheduled to be launched in October 2007, but instead was launched on 19 May 2008.	Bubble Hits Ireland	2008
inception	Hawkair Aviation Services was established and started operations in 1994 as an air freight service operating out of Terrace.	Hawkair	1994
inception	The Colorado Colfax Marathon is an annual marathon foot-race established in 2006 in Colorado, USA.	Colorado Colfax Marathon	2006
inception	Prima Air was founded in 1996 by Fly Air S.A., a company specializing in air medical services that had been operating in Galicia for over five years.	Prima Air	1996
inception	In 1991, the organisation TAFISA, Trim And Fitness International Sport for All Association, was officially formed and its statues registered with the law courts of Frankfurt, Germany.	TAFISA	1991
inception	The Wireless Innovation Forum was founded in 1996 originally as the ``The Modular Multifunction Information Transfer System (MMITS) Forum''.	Wireless Innovation Forum	1996
inception	FOSS.IN, previously known as Linux Bangalore, was an annual free and open source software (FOSS) conference, held in Bangalore, India from 2001 to 2012.	FOSS.IN	2001
inception	Celtic Link Ferries began operations in 2005 following the withdrawal of P&O Irish Sea from the Rosslare - Cherbourg route.	Celtic Link Ferries	2005
inception	Canadian Expeditionary Force Command (CEFCOM, French: Commandement de la Force expéditionnaire du Canada or COMFEC) was an operational element of the Canadian Forces for operations outside of Canada, created in 2006 and merged into the Canadian Joint Operations Command in 2012.	Canadian Expeditionary Force Command	2006
inception	The World Extreme Skiing Championship (WESC) was an extreme skiing competition held from 1991 to 2000 in Valdez, Alaska.	World Extreme Skiing Championship	1991
inception	The Religious Torah Front was formed when the Ultra-orthodox parties Agudat Yisrael and Poalei Agudat Yisrael decided to fight the 1955 elections on a joint list.	Religious Torah Front	1955
inception	The Recreational Software Advisory Council (RSAC) was an independent, non-profit organization founded in the USA in 1994 by the Software Publishers Association as well as six other industry leaders in response to video game controversy and threats of government regulation.	Recreational Software Advisory Council	1994
inception	Sahya Arts and Science College is an Indian self-financing tertiary education institution established in 2013 under the aegis of Sahya Tourism and Pravasi Co-operative Society (STPC) Ltd. It is located in Vellampuram, near Wandoor in the Malappuram district of Kerala.	Sahya Arts and Science College	2013
inception	The Utility Warehouse brand has been linked to Telecom Plus since 2002 when Telecom Plus launched it as a single brand to encompass all of the company's residential services.	Utility Warehouse	2002
inception	Folkearth is an international music project created in 2003 by musicians playing folk and viking metal.	Folkearth	2003
inception	Candle Records was an independent record label that operated from 1994 to 2007.	Candle Records	1994
inception	Rhodes College was founded in 1848 in Clarksville, Tennessee as the Masonic University of Tennessee (and briefly as Montgomery Masonic College), the Institution was renamed Stewart College in 1850 in honor of its president, William M. Stewart.	Rhodes College	1848
inception	Barisan was given the castle of Ibelin in 1141 by King Fulk as a reward for his loyalty during the revolt of his then master Hugh II of Le Puiset, Count of Jaffa, in 1134.	Ibelin	1134
inception	Jornal de Angola was the only daily newspaper in Angola until 2008 and after the independence of the country in 1975.	Jornal de Angola	1975
inception	Free Software Foundation Tamil Nadu (or FSFTN in short) is a non-profit organization formed in the year 2008, is a part of Free Software Movement of India (FSMI).	Free Software Foundation Tamil Nadu	2008
inception	The Festival international du film fantastique de Gérardmer (formerly Fantastic'Arts, from 1994 to 2008) is an international festival of horror and science fiction films (fantastique does not translate smoothly into English) which has been held each year since 1994 in Gérardmer in the Vosges, France towards the end of January.	Festival international du film fantastique de Gérardmer	1994
inception	Lakeshore Entertainment Group is an American independent film production, finance, and international sales and distribution company founded in 1994 by Tom Rosenberg and Ted Tannebaum (1933--2002).	Lakeshore Entertainment	1994
inception	FC Rosengård, formerly Malmö FF Dam (1970--2007) and LdB FC Malmö (2007--2013), is a professional football club based in Malmö, Scania, Sweden.	FC Rosengård	2007
inception	Cardiff Demons were formed in 1997 as an Academy level club, competing in the Lower Division of the Rugby League Academy competition against young players from professional outfits in the North of England.	Cardiff Demons	1997
inception	While previously operating under FSN branding, these four networks relaunched under the Root Sports name on April 1, 2011, coinciding with the start of the Major League Baseball regular season.	Root Sports	2011
inception	The Johnstones are a ska punk band from Ajax, Ontario, Canada formed in 2002 and signed to the Union Label Group.	The Johnstones	2002
inception	In 1976 she opened the Great Plains Black History Museum, in the Western Telephone Exchange Building.	Great Plains Black History Museum	1976
inception	Tufin was founded by Ruvi Kitov and Reuven Harrison, formerly of Check Point, in 2005 and has sales and support offices in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific.	Tufin	2005
inception	Mythic Entertainment was officially formed in 1995 when AUSI (Mark Jacobs) and ISI (Rob Denton) joined together.	Mythic Entertainment	1995
inception	Crimson Cow is a German video game publisher that was founded in 2002.	Crimson Cow	2002
inception	Electric Love Hogs were a short-lived American funk rock band formed in San Diego, California in 1991.	Electric Love Hogs	1991
inception	Agni College of Technology (ACT) established in the year 2001 by Sri Balaji Charitable and Educational Trust., located in Chennai, India.	Agni College	2001
inception	Shaheed Suhrawardy Medical College (ShSMC) (Bengali: শহীদ সোহরাওয়ার্দী মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2006.	Shaheed Suhrawardy Medical College	2006
inception	The Thousand Hope Candidates (Turkish: Bin Umut Adayları) was an electoral alliance between four left-wing political parties in Turkey, formed in preparation for the 2007 general election.	Thousand Hope Candidates	2007
inception	In 2011, he opened his first UK based restaurant, Pollen Street Social, which became his flagship location.	Pollen Street Social	2011
inception	By 1986, the group began calling themselves Original Concept and had released their first record, ``Knowledge Me'' in February of that year.	Original Concept	1986
inception	Finally, on 24 October 2007, the ITER Agreement entered into force and the ITER Organization legally came into existence.	ITER	24 October 2007
inception	Sports TV Uganda Limited was incorporated in October 2007, and has been licensed by the Uganda Broadcasting Council on February 29, 2008.	Sports TV Uganda Limited	2007
inception	Souls of We (also known as George Lynch's Souls of We) is an American hard rock supergroup from Los Angeles, California, formed in 2007.	Souls of We	2007
inception	Albin Hagström began importing accordions from Germany and Italy in 1925 and founded Firma Albin Hagström.	Hagström	1925
inception	Synapse Group began in 1991 as NewSub Magazine Service LLC. Founded by Jay S. Walker (who developed Priceline.com) and Michael Loeb, the company began by marketing fixed-term magazine subscriptions through credit card companies.	Synapse Group	1991
inception	The Sport Mundi Tournament is a Spanish pre-season women's football invitational charitable tournament held every August in Irun since 2005.	Sport Mundi Tournament	2005
inception	In 2001, IBC and Blockbuster Broadcasting System went into a government-sponsored bidding and Blockbuster Broadcasting System won the rights to the frequency and the facilities (callsign then changed to DWAV).	DWAV	2001
inception	Birka Line was founded in 1971, they bought MS Prinsessen from DFDS and renamed her MS Prinsessan.	Birka Line	1971
inception	In July 2010, Memrise was named as one of the winners of the London Mini-Seedcamp competition.	Memrise	2010
inception	FinancialForce.com was founded in 2009 with an investment from UNIT4, and salesforce.com.	FinancialForce.com	2009
inception	Cherkizovskaya opened in 1990 and was the work of architects V. Cheremin and A. Vigdorov.	Cherkizovskaya	1990
inception	Andrew Murray Vineyards was founded in 1990 when entrepreneurs Jim and Fran Murray sold their southern California restaurants and 'retired' to 200 acres of fertile soil in the Santa Ynez Valley.	Andrew Murray Vineyards	1990
inception	The Ukrainian Air Force was established on March 17, 1992, in accordance with a Directive of the General Staff Chief of the Armed Forces.	Ukrainian Air Force	1992
inception	1M1 Records is an Australian record label formed in 1988 as oneMone Records, to promote and archive Australian film soundtracks.	1M1 Records	1988
inception	The Sea Org was established on 12 August 1967 by L. Ron Hubbard, the founder of Dianetics and Scientology, initially onboard four ships, the Diana, the Athena, the Apollo, and the Excalibur.	Sea Org	1967
inception	As-Sa'iqa was formed as an organization by the Syrian-led Ba'ath Party in September 1966, but first activated in December 1968, when Syria tried to build up an alternative to Yasser Arafat, then emerging with his Fatah faction as the primary Palestinian fedayeen leader and politician .	As-Sa'iqa	1966
inception	PKP Group (pl: Grupa PKP) is a Polish conglomerate founded in 2001 from the former single national rail operator, Polskie Koleje Państwowe.	PKP Group	2001
inception	Hemphill Fine Arts (Hemphill) is an art gallery in Washington, D.C. Founded by George Hemphill in 1993.	Hemphill Fine Arts	1993
inception	The Slovenian National Time Trial Championships have been held since 1997.	Slovenian National Time Trial Championships	1997
inception	The New Philharmonia Orchestra of Massachusetts, founded in 1995, is a 75-member mostly non-professional regional orchestra based in Newton, Massachusetts.	New Philharmonia Orchestra of Massachusetts	1995
inception	Intimissimi is an Italian clothing label started in 1996 that specializes in bras, briefs, lingerie, vests, and pyjamas for women and men.	Intimissimi	1996
inception	The Communication History Museum opened it doors to the public in March 1994.	Communication History Museum	1994
inception	Bus Éireann was established in February 1987 when it was split out from the Córas Iompair Éireann.	Bus Éireann	February 1987
inception	Deluhi (stylized as DELUHI) was a Japanese visual kei metal band, formed in 2008, guitarist Leda recruited Juri as vocalist when the band Grave Seed they made was renamed.	Deluhi	2008
inception	The François Truffaut Award (Italian: Premio François Truffaut) is an Italian film award, named in memory of French director François Truffaut, that has been awarded since 1988 at the Giffoni Film Festival.	François Truffaut Award	1988
inception	Pågen is a Swedish bakery company founded in 1878 by Anders and Matilda Påhlsson.	Pågen	1878
inception	A defunct Islamist Coalition was formed in February of 2013 by hardline Islamist parties in Egypt.	Islamist Coalition	2013
inception	KWDD debuted on November 4, 2012, playing a Country music format.	KWDD	2012
inception	Live 4 X is an online charitable event series launched in 2010 by Grammy winning recording artist Imogen Heap and social media philanthropist and urban entrepreneur Thomas Ermacora.	Live 4 X	2010
inception	The Queen's Award for Equestrianism is an annual British prize founded in 2005 and awarded ``for outstanding services to equestrianism''.	Queen's Award for Equestrianism	2005
inception	On 1 January 2016, Thoras annexed the neighboring commune of Croisances.	Thoras	1 January 2016
inception	Two demos were released in 1999, Anaal Nathrakh and Total Fucking Necro.	Anaal Nathrakh	1999
inception	James and Matthew J. Brosious founded American Freight Companies, the parent company to FreightCenter., in September 1998.	FreightCenter	1998
inception	The Pentax K100D and similar Pentax K110D are 6 megapixel digital single-lens reflex cameras, launched in the U.S. on May 22, 2006.	Pentax K100D	2006
inception	The Medical Council of India was first established in 1934 under the Indian Medical Council Act, 1933.	Medical Council of India	1933
instrument	Roger Sprung (born August 29, 1930, in New York City) is an American banjo player and teacher best known for introducing authentic bluegrass banjo picking styles to the folk music community in the north and for the eclectic manner in which he has adapted bluegrass banjo techniques to music of other genres.	Roger Sprung	banjo
instrument	Flora Edna White (October 23, 1892 -- June 25, 1992), known professionally as Edna White and privately for much of her life as Edna White Chandler, was an American classical and vaudeville trumpet player, bandleader, and composer.	Edna White	trumpet
instrument	Eric Schoenberg is an American guitarist known for his fingerstyle guitar playing, as well as a recording artist and designer of acoustic guitars.	Eric Schoenberg	guitar
instrument	Riley Baugus is an American old-time guitarist, banjo player, fiddler, singer and instrument builder from North Carolina.	Riley Baugus	banjo
instrument	Ernest Shand (31 January 1868 -- 28 November 1924) was an English performer and composer for the classical guitar, and a music-hall singer and actor.	Ernest Shand	guitar
instrument	Dan Faehnle is the current guitar player for the group Pink Martini.	Dan Faehnle	guitar
instrument	Tommy Stevenson (1914 - October 1944) was a jazz trumpet player in the big band era.	Tommy Stevenson	trumpet
instrument	Amy Dickson (born 1982, Sydney) is an Australian classical saxophone player.	Amy Dickson	saxophone
instrument	Towards the end of the 1980s Bugge Wesseltoft was involved in a variety of pop, rock and jazz bands like the ``U and Z'', ``Et Cetera'' and most important the Oslo Groove Company, and he was recognised as a coming musical genius with a great talent for the piano.	Bugge Wesseltoft	piano
instrument	While the latter two are slightly more traditional, El Prodigio is more experimental, and has included instruments such as trombone, trumpet, and wurlitzer piano in his lineup, along with the standard accordion, tambora, güira, conga, electric bass, and saxophones of today's merengue tipico.	El Prodigio	accordion
instrument	Artun Ertürk started to play the guitar when he was eleven years old.	Artun Ertürk	guitar
instrument	Tjodalv played guitar on the first Dimmu Borgir albums Inn I Evighetens Mørke and For All Tid.	Tjodalv	guitar
instrument	Svein Magnus Furu (born 10 November 1983) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (saxophone) composer and music journalist, known from several bands and album releases.	Svein Magnus Furu	saxophone
instrument	Raised in Medellín, Colombia, Juanes began playing guitar at age seven.	Juanes	guitar
instrument	Heraldo do Monte is a Brazilian guitar player.	Heraldo do Monte	guitar
instrument	In 1987 Michiel Braam was commissioned by the NOS. He composed a work for 4 clarinets and piano entitled Cows and Beasts.	Michiel Braam	piano
instrument	Jeff Tuttle was a guitar player for The Dillinger Escape Plan until 2012.	Jeff Tuttle	guitar
instrument	Flavio Sala (born May 9, 1983) is an Italian classical guitar player.	Flavio Sala	guitar
instrument	Nicola Stilo (born 1956 in Italy), is a jazz and pop instrumentalist, specialising in flute, guitar and piano.	Nicola Stilo	guitar
instrument	George Chandler Chase is an Affiliate Artist in trumpet at the University of Houston's Moores School of Music.	George Chandler Chase	trumpet
instrument	Throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s, he led his own death metal band Balvaz (originally known as Braindead), where he played guitar and sang.	Balvaz	guitar
instrument	Roscoe Holcomb, (born as Roscoe Halcomb September 5, 1912 -- died February 1, 1981) was an American singer, banjo player, and guitarist from Daisy, Kentucky.	Roscoe Holcomb	banjo
instrument	Nathan Stickman is from Phoenix, Arizona and began playing the guitar in college at the University of Arizona.	Nathan Stickman	guitar
instrument	Aldus Roger (February 10, 1915 -- April 4, 1999) was a Cajun accordion player in southwest Louisiana, best known for his accordion skills, and television music program.	Aldus Roger	accordion
instrument	Paul Dedona was a bass guitar player of the California punk pioneers Bad Religion.	Paul Dedona	bass guitar
located in the administrative territorial entity	John R. Buchtel Community Learning Center, formerly known as John R. Buchtel High School and often referred to as Buchtel High School or Buchtel CLC, is a public high school in Akron, Ohio, United States, serving grades 7--12.	Buchtel Community Learning Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Etobicoke School of the Arts (ESA) is a specialized public arts-academic high school located in the Etobicoke area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada operating out of the former Royal York Collegiate Institute facility.	Etobicoke School of the Arts	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vähäkyrö (Swedish: Lillkyro) is a former municipality of Finland and an exclave of the city of Vaasa since January 1, 2013.	Vähäkyrö	Vaasa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babinda is a small town and suburb in the Cairns Region, Queensland, Australia.	Babinda	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miami Springs Middle School is a secondary school located in the city Miami Springs, Florida, USA.	Miami Springs Middle School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Margarita Lake, also called Salinas Reservoir, is a lake several miles southeast of the town of Santa Margarita in San Luis Obispo County, California.	Santa Margarita Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangi Kola-ye Sofla (Persian: زنگي كلاسفلي‎, also Romanized as Zangī Kolā-ye Soflá; also known as Zangī Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zangi Kola-ye Sofla	Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Acres Shopping Center is a regional shopping mall located in Fargo, North Dakota near the intersection of Interstates 29 and 94.	West Acres Shopping Center	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Dean and Friston is a civil parish in the Wealden District of East Sussex, England.The two villages in the parish are in a dry valley on the South Downs - between Eastbourne three miles (4.8 km) to the east and Seaford an equal distance to the west.	East Dean and Friston	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Jacinto College is a community college in the Greater Houston area in the U.S. state of Texas.	San Jacinto College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Demere Key is an archaeological site west of Pine Island, Florida.	Demere Key	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andersons Creek is a creek in Warrandyte and Park Orchards, east of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Andersons Creek	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyse Abbey or Saint Mary's Abbey, Lyse (Norwegian: Lyse kloster, Lyse Mariakloster) is a now-ruined Cistercian monastery in the municipality of Os in the county of Hordaland in south-western Norway.	Lyse Abbey	Os
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çamardı is a quiet town and district of Niğde Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey, at the foot of Aladağ in the Taurus Mountains and reached by winding mountain roads.	Çamardı	Niğde Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarafi (Persian: يارفي‎, also Romanized as Yārafī``) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 27 families.	Yarafi	Alamut-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXHQ-LP (105.9 FM, ``Radio Newport'') is a non-commercial radio station licensed to the community of Newport, Rhode Island.	WXHQ-LP	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smolajny (smɔˈlai̯nɨ) (formerly Smołowo; in German, Schmoleinen, Schmolainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Smolajny	Gmina Dobre Miasto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Livesey Museum for Children was in the Old Kent Road, within the London Borough of Southwark, London, England.	Livesey Museum for Children	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soltan Moradi (Persian: سلطانمرادي‎, also Romanized as Solţān Morādī) is a village in Gel-e Sefid Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Soltan Moradi	Gel-e Sefid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferreries is a municipality on the island of Minorca, in the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands.	Ferreries	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lobau is a Vienna floodplain on the northern side of the Danube and partly in Großenzersdorf, Lower Austria.	Lobau	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedford Road Collegiate is a public high school on the west side of the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.	Bedford Road Collegiate	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spennithorne is a village and civil parish in lower Wensleydale in North Yorkshire, England.	Spennithorne	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oddziały (ɔdˈd͡ʑawɨ) is a part of village Sulborowice in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Oddziały	Gmina Fałków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vågaholmen (also called Våga) is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Vågaholmen	Rødøy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giętkowizna (ɡʲɛntkɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Giętkowizna	Gmina Lipie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2004 (FM 2004) is a farm to market road in Brazoria and Galveston counties, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 2004	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallerawang is a small township in the Central Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia.	Wallerawang	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCPE is a private classical music radio station broadcasting in the United States out of studios near Wake Forest, North Carolina.	WCPE	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Courthouse Falls is a waterfall in Western North Carolina, located near Balsam Grove.	Courthouse Falls	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dusin (ˈduɕin) (German: Düssin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dusin	Gmina Kamień Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tennessee-North Carolina border traverses Mount Sequoyah, with Sevier County to the north and Swain County to the south.	Mount Sequoyah	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lexington Park was the name of a former minor league baseball park in St. Paul, Minnesota.	Lexington Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wąsewo-Lachowiec (vɔ̃ˈsɛvɔ laˈxɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wąsewo-Lachowiec	Gmina Wąsewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of McKinlay is a local government area in north-western Queensland, Australia.	Shire of McKinlay	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weston Colored School, also known as the Central West Virginia Genealogical & Historical Library and Museum and Frontier School, is a historic one-room school building located at Weston, Lewis County, West Virginia.	Weston Colored School	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Beyk (Persian: حاجي بيك‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Beyk and Ḩājjī Beyg) is a village in Tankaman Rural District, Tankaman District, Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Hajji Beyk	Tankaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adamusy (adaˈmusɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Adamusy	Gmina Turośl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chighab (Persian: چيغاب‎, also Romanized as Chīghāb) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chighab	Dasht-e Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trongsa District (Dzongkha: ཀྲོང་གསར་རྫོང་ཁག་; Wylie transliteration: Krong-gsar rdzong-khag) is one of the districts of Bhutan.	Trongsa District	Bhutan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halgabron (pronounced: Halgáybron; Cornish: Halgigbran, meaning marsh of the carrion-crow) is a hamlet in the parish of Tintagel, Cornwall, England.	Halgabron	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zin Poshteh (Persian: زين پشته‎, also Romanized as Zīn Poshteh; also known as Zīneh Poshteh) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zin Poshteh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	YOHO Town (Chinese: 新時代廣場) is one of the private housing estates and shopping centres in Yuen Long, New Territories, Hong Kong, developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties.	YOHO Town	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Alfàs del Pi (Valencian pronunciation: (laɫˈfaz ðeɫ ˈpi), Spanish: Alfaz del Pi) is a Valencian town and municipality located in the comarca of Marina Baixa, in the province of Alicante, Spain, lying at the foot of Serra Gelada.	L'Alfàs del Pi	Marina Baixa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaqeh (Persian: شاقه‎, also Romanized as Shāqeh) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shaqeh	Baba Aman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Champaner (ચાંપાનેર) is a historical city in the state of Gujarat, in western India.	Champaner	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPHS (89.1) is owned and operated by Warren Consolidated Schools, in Warren, Michigan, USA.	WPHS	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadluy-e Sofla (Persian: احمدلوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadlūy-e Soflá; also known as Aḩmadlū-ye Pā’īn and Aḩmadlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Garamduz Rural District, Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ahmadluy-e Sofla	Garamduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Premančan (pronounced (pɾɛmanˈtʃaːn); Italian: Premanzano) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy.	Premančan	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Briavels Castle was originally built between 1075 and 1129 as a royal administrative centre for the Forest of Dean.	St Briavels Castle	Forest of Dean
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shawano Lake is a lake situated in Shawano County in northeastern Wisconsin.	Shawano Lake	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brumunddal Station is a railway station located in Brumunddal in Ringsaker, Norway on Dovrebanen.	Brumunddal Station	Ringsaker
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southroads Mall is an enclosed shopping mall at 1001 Fort Crook Road in Bellevue, Nebraska.	Southroads Mall	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Guildhall Art Gallery houses the art collection of the City of London, England.	Guildhall Art Gallery	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surenavan (Armenian: Սուրենավան; until 1946, Avshar Mets) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Surenavan	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acora District is one of fifteen districts of the Puno Province in the Puno region, Peru.	Acora District	Puno Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebrahim Sara (Persian: ابراهيم سرا‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Sarā; also known as Ebrāhīmābād, Ibragimsara, and Ibrahimsara) is a village in Luleman Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ebrahim Sara	Luleman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLKO (102.9 FM, ``The Lake'') is an adult hits music station serving the Charlotte, North Carolina area.	WLKO	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aye Mountain is located on the Canadian provincial boundary between Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide.	Aye Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waukegan Harbor Light is a lighthouse at the end of Government Pier at the foot of Madison Street in Waukegan, Illinois.	Waukegan Harbor Light	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owghaz Tazeh (Persian: اوغازتازه‎, also Romanized as Owghāz Tāzeh, Owghāz-e Tāzeh, and Ūghāz Tāzeh; also known as Taza Oghāz and Tāzeh Owghāz) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Owghaz Tazeh	Sivkanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shaw Conference Centre (colloquially called The Shaw, or SCC), is a meeting, entertainment, and convention venue located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Shaw Conference Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broomlee Lough is an inland lake in Northumberland, England at the southern edge of Northumberland National Park.	Broomlee Lough	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nothum (Luxembourgish: Noutem) is a village in the commune of Lac de la Haute-Sûre, in north-western Luxembourg.	Nothum	Lac de la Haute-Sûre
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Putnam Street Historic District is a residential historic district roughly bounded by Winthrop, Putnam, Temple, and Shaw Streets in Newton, Massachusetts.	Putnam Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dents Run Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Laurel Point, Monongalia County, West Virginia.	Dents Run Covered Bridge	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cebu Business Park is a 50-hectare masterplanned development in Cebu City, Cebu, Philippines.	Cebu Business Park	Cebu City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Remington Centre (滙通廣場) is an 800,000 square feet Chinese-themed mall to be built at the corner of Kennedy Rd. and Steeles Ave in Markham, Ontario, Canada, on the site of the present Market Village mall.	Remington Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twitchell Airport, (FAA LID: 3B5) (aka Twitchell's Airport/Seaplane Base) in Turner, Maine, United States, is a public, privately owned airport.	Twitchell Airport	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Alishah (Persian: باغ علي شاه‎, also Romanized as Bāgh ʿAlīshāh) is a village in Barakuh Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bagh Alishah	Barakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Codsall is a large village in the South Staffordshire district of Staffordshire, England.	Codsall	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 77 Howard Street in Reading, Massachusetts is an excellent example of a well preserved Queen Anne Victorian house.	House at 77 Howard Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galbus (Persian: گلبوس‎, also Romanized as Galbūs, Golboos, and Golbūs) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Galbus	Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tańsk-Umiotki (ˈtaɲsk uˈmjɔtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tańsk-Umiotki	Gmina Dzierzgowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument is a U.S. National Monument protecting 1,880,461 acres (760,996 ha) of land in southern Utah.	Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Universalist Church, also once known as the Central Parish Church, is a historic church at 97 Main Street in Yarmouth, Maine.	Central Parish Church	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dakshinkali is a municipality in the Central development region of Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of Nepal.	Dakshinkali	Kathmandu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyn Naju (Persian: حسين نجو‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Najū; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩoseyn Najū and Nowrūzābād) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Naju	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ignacówka Bobrowska (iɡnaˈt͡sufka bɔˈbrɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ignacówka Bobrowska	Gmina Głowaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ebell of Los Angeles is a women's club housed in a complex in the Mid-City section of Wilshire, Los Angeles, California that includes a clubhouse building and the renowned 1,270-seat Wilshire Ebell Theatre.	Ebell of Los Angeles	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sun River (also called the Medicine River) is a tributary of the Missouri River in the Great Plains, approximately 130 mi (209 km) long, in Montana in the United States.	Sun River	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galmoy (Irish: Gabhalmhaigh) is a village in the barony of Galmoy, County Kilkenny in the southeastern part of the midlands of Ireland.	Galmoy	Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Placetas (Spanish pronunciation: (plaˈsetas)) is a city in the Villa Clara Province in the center of Cuba; before the change in the country's government in 1959 the province was called Las Villas.	Placetas	Villa Clara Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo Grove High School (BGHS) is a public high school located in Buffalo Grove, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago.	Buffalo Grove High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamarande is a commune of Essonne department in the southern suburbs of Paris.	Chamarande	Essonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Susangan (Persian: سوسنگان‎, also Romanized as Sūsangān) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Susangan	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pudanu (Persian: پودنو‎‎, also Romanized as Pūdanū; also known as Pūdan) is a village in Abnama Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pudanu	Abnama Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Man-Pop Festival was a music festival held in Winnipeg, Manitoba, on August 29, 1970.	Man-Pop Festival	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żołędno (ʐɔˈwɛndnɔ) (German: Eichmühle) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Żołędno	Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qatanqu (Persian: قطانقو‎, also Romanized as Qaţānqū and Qatanqū) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qatanqu	Nazarkahrizi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dismal Nitch is the name of a cove along the lower Columbia River in Washington State, notable as the Lewis and Clark Expedition's last campsite before sighting the Pacific Ocean.	Dismal Nitch	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sontra is a small town in the Werra-Meißner-Kreis in northeastern Hesse, Germany.	Sontra	Werra-Meißner-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michalczowa (mʲixalˈt͡ʂɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Michalczowa	Gmina Łososina Dolna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziekanów Nowy (d͡ʑeˈkanuf ˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dziekanów Nowy	Gmina Łomianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kikar HaShabbat (Hebrew: כיכר השבת‎, lit., ``Sabbath Square''), known in the Haredi community as Kikar Shabbos, is a major intersection joining five streets in Jerusalem, Israel, between Meah Shearim and Geula:	Kikar HaShabbat	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schmarloh is a ridge in the Südheide heath in the eastern part of the state of Lower Saxony in Germany, that lies between Groß Oesingen (Gifhorn district) and Lachendorf (Celle district) north of the Wiehe Stream.	Schmarloh	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ikerasak Fjord (Greenlandic: Ikerasaup Sullua, also Qarajaq Icefjord, or Danish: Qarajaqs Isfjord) is a fjord in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Ikerasak Fjord	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Setolu (Persian: ستلو‎, also Romanized as Setolū, Satloo, Satlū, and Sotolū; also known as Seh Tolū and Setowlū) is a village in Kushk-e Nar Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Setolu	Kushk-e Nar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rikitea is a small town on Mangareva, which is part of the Gambier Islands in French Polynesia.	Rikitea	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benesbard-e Sofla (Persian: بنس بردسفلي‎, also Romanized as Benesbard-e Soflá; also known as Benesbard-e Pā’īn and Benesarūd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Benesbard-e Sofla	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azvarcheh (Persian: ازوارچه‎, also Romanized as Azvārcheh and Ozvārcheh) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Azvarcheh	Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanstead Park is a grade II listed municipal park covering an area of about 140 acres (57 hectares), located in Wanstead, in the London Borough of Redbridge, historically within the county of Essex.	Wanstead Park	London Borough of Redbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kusumanchi is a sub division in Khammam district, Telangana, India .	Kusumanchi	Khammam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Elia a Pianisi is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Campobasso.	Sant'Elia a Pianisi	Province of Campobasso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humboldt Public Library in Humboldt, Iowa is a free public library.	Humboldt Public Library	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janmohammad Bazar (Persian: جان محمدبازار‎, also Romanized as Jānmoḩammad Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Janmohammad Bazar	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pond Creek National Wildlife Refuge is a 27,300 acre (110 km²) wildlife refuge located in Sevier County, Arkansas managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.	Pond Creek National Wildlife Refuge	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Val Verde High School is a ``continuation'' high school for troubled teens located in Perris, California, USA.	Val Verde High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Virasat-e-Khalsa (Punjabi: ਵਿਰਾਸਤ-ਏ-ਖਾਲਸਾ) is a museum of Sikhism, located in the holy town, Anandpur Sahib, near Chandigarh, the capital of the state of Punjab.	Virasat-e-Khalsa	Anandpur Sahib
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Hazzine is an archaeological site 11 km south southwest of Baalbek in the Beqaa Mohafazat (Governorate).	Tell Hazzine	Baalbek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacewicze (jat͡sɛˈvit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jacewicze	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Castle Junior/Senior High School is a public school located in New Castle, Pennsylvania in Lawrence County.	New Castle Junior/Senior High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKCN-FM Pur Fm 94.1 is a French language Canadian radio station that broadcasts a hot adult contemporary format on 94.1 FM in Sept-Îles, Quebec.	CKCN-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Voshkin (Persian: وشكين‎, also Romanized as Voshkīn, Voshgīn, and Vīshgīn) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Voshkin	Chendar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1994 or FM 1994 is a Farm to Market Road in Texas, running from FM 762 at Brazos Lakes southwest to FM 361 at Long Point, and then from another nearby point on FM 361 onwards southwest to SH 36 at Guy.	Farm to Market Road 1994	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varnameh (Persian: ورنمه‎‎; also known as Varghameh) is a village in Qalayi Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Varnameh	Qalayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plesewo (plɛˈsɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Plesewo	Gmina Łasin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marinekazerne Suffisant is a Dutch armed forces base located on Curaçao.	Marinekazerne Suffisant	Curaçao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Briarcliff College was a women's college in Briarcliff Manor, New York.	Briarcliff College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guadalupe College in Seguin, Texas, was an educational institution for African Americans.	Guadalupe College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College for Advanced Studies in Social Theory (Hungarian: Társadalomelméleti Kollégium, TEK) is the second oldest college of its type at the Corvinus University of Budapest as well as in Hungary.	College for Advanced Studies in Social Theory	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sagama (Sardinian: Sàgama) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Oristano.	Sagama	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jan Louwers Stadion (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈjɑn ˈlʌwərs ˌstaːdiˌjɔn)) is a multi-use stadium in the Eindhoven borough of Stratum, Netherlands.	Jan Louwers Stadion	Eindhoven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferdowsabad (Persian: فردوس اباد‎, also Romanized as Ferdowsābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ferdowsabad	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorjiabad (Persian: گرجي اباد‎, also Romanized as Gorjīābād) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gorjiabad	Feyziyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Syracuse Savings Bank Building, also known as Bank of America building, is a historic building in Syracuse, New York designed by Joseph Lyman Silsbee, then aged 26.	Syracuse Savings Bank Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olaiyur (தமிழ் : ஓலையூர்) is a Village Panchayat at Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Olaiyur	Ariyalur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pauczne (ˈpau̯t͡ʂnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pauczne	Gmina Tarnawatka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pont Viau (Viau Bridge), also called Ahuntsic Bridge (1930, rebuilt 1962 and widened 1993) .	Viau Bridge	Pont Viau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spudłów (ˈspudwuf) (German: Spudlow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Spudłów	Gmina Górzyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longside is a village located in Aberdeenshire, Scotland and consists of a single main street.	Longside	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Namak (Persian: تنگ نمك‎‎, also Romanized as Tang-i-Namak; also known as Rok Rok and Rok Rok Tang-e Namak) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tang-e Namak	Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ham Branch of the Gale River is a 12.2 mile long (19.7 km) river in northwestern New Hampshire in the United States.	Ham Branch	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joinville (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒõjˈvili), (ʒo.ĩˈvili) or (ʒwĩˈvili)) is the largest city in Santa Catarina State, in the Southern Region of Brazil.	Joinville	Santa Catarina
located in the administrative territorial entity	A.B. Lucas Secondary School is a secondary school located at the northern end of London, Ontario, Canada.	A.B. Lucas Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khatun Gonay (Persian: خاتون گناي‎, also Romanized as Khātūn Gonāy and Khātūn Ganāy) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khatun Gonay	Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House of the surgeon is the oldest and one of the most famous houses in Pompeii, which is located in the Italian region of Campania.	House of the surgeon	Pompeii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çağlayancerit (Kurdish: Cirîd) is a town and district of Kahramanmaraş Province in the Mediterranean region of Turkey.	Çağlayancerit	Kahramanmaraş Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duke Energy Convention Center is a convention center located in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, covering two city blocks bounded by Elm Street, 5th Street, 6th Street, and Central Avenue.	Duke Energy Convention Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Far North District is the largest of three territorial authorities making up the Northland Region.	Far North District	Northland Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Museum of Indonesia (Indonesian: Museum Nasional), is an archeological, historical, ethnological, and geographical museum located in Jalan Medan Merdeka Barat, Central Jakarta, right on the west side of Merdeka Square.	National Museum of Indonesia	Central Jakarta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horný Bar (Hungarian: Felbár, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈfɛlbaːr)) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Horný Bar	Dunajská Streda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebrington is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, England, about 2 miles (3.2 km) from Chipping Campden.	Ebrington	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Communauté de communes Intercom Balleroy Le Molay-Littry is a communauté de communes in the Calvados department, in northern France.	Communauté de communes Intercom Balleroy Le Molay-Littry	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bepi, Zahedan (Persian: بپی‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bepi, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelly Basin is a bay on the south eastern side of Macquarie Harbour on the West Coast of Tasmania.	Kelly Basin	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deym (Persian: ديم‎, also Romanized as Dā’em, Dāim, Dāyem, and Dīm; also known as Dahm) is a village in Khusf Rural District, Central District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deym	Khusf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	15 Penn Plaza, also known as the Vornado Tower, is a proposed 68-story tower in the Midtown Manhattan section of New York City planned by Vornado Realty Trust.	15 Penn Plaza	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conspiracy Museum was a private exhibition in the West End Historic District of downtown Dallas, Texas (USA).	Conspiracy Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Czech Stop and Little Czech Bakery is a combination deli/bakery and convenience store located in the city of West, Texas.	Czech Stop and Little Czech Bakery	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pielnia (ˈpʲɛlɲa) (Ukrainian: Пельня, Pel’nia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarszyn, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Pielnia	Gmina Zarszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Raymond High School for Boys is a parochial high school affiliated with the New York, U.S.A. Archdiocesan Association of Catholic Schools.	St. Raymond High School for Boys	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fuday (Fuideigh) is an uninhabited island of about 232 hectares (0.90 sq mi) in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.	Fuday	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woudsend (West Frisian: Wâldsein) is a village in Súdwest-Fryslân in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Woudsend	Súdwest-Fryslân
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carentan has a population somewhat over 6,000 and is now administratively organized as a commune in the Manche department.	Carentan	Manche
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Cogswell College was an institution of higher learning located in Kirkland and Everett, Washington between 1979 and 2006.	Henry Cogswell College	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michaelbeuern Abbey (German: Abtei Michaelbeuern) is a Benedictine monastery in Dorfbeuern near Salzburg in Austria.	Michaelbeuern Abbey	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajupur is a Village in Saharanpur district of Uttar Pradesh, located 13 kilometers from Deoband.	Rajupur	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandikuppa is situated in East Godavari district in Katrenikona, in Andhra Pradesh State, India.	Kandikuppa	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milton of Balgonie ( listen ) is a small village in central Fife, Scotland.	Milton of Balgonie	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fayette County Reservoir is a power station cooling reservoir on Cedar Creek in the Colorado River basin, 10 miles (16 km) east of LaGrange, Texas.	Fayette County Reservoir	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sommerécourt (etym.?) is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.	Sommerécourt	Haute-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menjab-e Jadid (Persian: منجاب جديد‎, also Romanized as Menjāb-e Jadīd; also known as Menjāv-e Jadīd) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Menjab-e Jadid	Dodangeh Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukat (Persian: بوكت‎, also Romanized as Būkat, Būket, and Booket; also known as Boviat) is a village in Dizajrud-e Sharqi Rural District, Qaleh Chay District, Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bukat	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sayyar Ahmadabad (Persian: سياراحمداباد‎, also Romanized as Sayyār Aḩmadābād) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sayyar Ahmadabad	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Oviatt Building, commonly referred to as The Oviatt Building, is an Art Deco highrise in Downtown Los Angeles located at 617 S. Olive Street, half a block south of 6th St. and Pershing Square.	James Oviatt Building	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrowa Tarnawacka (dɔmˈbrɔva tarnaˈvat͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dąbrowa Tarnawacka	Gmina Tarnawatka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Creek Airfield was an emergency landing ground at Pine Creek, Northern Territory, Australia during World War II. Civil airfield extended by B Company and HQ Detachment of the 808th Engineer Aviation Battalion between 11 May 1942 to 16 July 1942.	Pine Creek Airfield	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jazireh (Persian: جزيره‎, also Romanized as Jazīreh; also known as Jazīreh-ye Esḩāq) is a village in Neysan Rural District, Neysan District, Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jazireh	Neysan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Wilhelmus was a factorij in the 17th century colonial province of New Netherland, located on what had been named Hooghe Eyland (High Island) (also called Verhulsten Island) on the Zuyd Rivier, now Burlington Island in the Delaware River in New Jersey.	Fort Wilhelmus	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Largydonnell (Irish: Learga Uí Dhónaill, meaning ``hillside of Ó Dónaill'') is a village on the R280 regional road in County Leitrim, Ireland.	Largydonnell	County Leitrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsiigehtchic (pronunciation: /ˈtsiːɡɛtʃɪk/ TSEE-get-chik) (``mouth of the iron river'') (officially the Charter Community of Tsiigehtchic) is a Gwich’in community located at the confluence of the Mackenzie and the Arctic Red River, in the Inuvik Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Tsiigehtchic	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandusky Speedway is a half-mile automobile race track located south of the city of Sandusky in Perkins Township, Erie County, Ohio, United States.	Sandusky Speedway	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langton by Spilsby, sometimes called Langton by Partney, is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.	Langton by Spilsby	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ambawadi is an area located in Ahmedabad.The major landmark of the area is the Ahmedabad Central Mall.It also has the iconic Ambawadi shaak(vegetable) bazaar(market).	Ambawadi	Ahmedabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharaju (Persian: خراجو‎, Azerbaijani: Xərəci; also Romanized as Kharājū and Kherājū) is a city in and the capital of Saraju District, in Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kharaju	Saraju District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olympic Dam mine is a large poly-metallic underground mine located in South Australia, 550 km NNW of Adelaide.	Olympic Dam mine	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinnick Stadium, formerly known as Iowa Stadium, is a stadium located in Iowa City, Iowa, United States.	Kinnick Stadium	Iowa City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brignall is a village in the Pennines of England, situated close to Barnard Castle.	Brignall	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sendlinger Tor (from German: Sendling Gate) is a city gate at the southern extremity of the historic old town area of Munich.	Sendlinger Tor	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pleugueneuc (Breton: Plegeneg, Gallo: Ploegenoec) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Pleugueneuc	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mỹ Tho ( listen) is the capital city, center of economics, education and technology of Tiền Giang Province, located in the Mekong Delta region of South Vietnam.	Mỹ Tho	Tiền Giang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velódromo Paulistano, commonly known as just Velódromo, was a cycling and football stadium located in São Paulo, Brazil.	Velódromo Paulistano	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Plains Regional Airport (ICAO: KUNO, FAA LID: UNO) is a city owned, public use airport located 10 nautical miles (12 mi, 19 km) northwest of the central business district of West Plains, a city in Howell County, Missouri, United States.	West Plains Regional Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nišava District (Serbian: Нишавски округ / Nišavski okrug) expands in the south-eastern parts of Serbia.	Nišava District	Serbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuen Mun Ferry Pier (屯門碼頭), or Tuen Mun Ferry Terminal, is a public pier located in the southern area of Tuen Mun, Hong Kong.	Tuen Mun Ferry Pier	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Deh Askar (Persian: حسين ابادده عسكر‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Deh ``Askar; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Asfyj Rural District, Asfyj District, Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 169, in 42 families.	Hoseynabad-e Deh Askar	Asfyj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clarks Fork Yellowstone River (sometimes called the Clarks Fork River) is a tributary of the Yellowstone River, 150 mi (241 km) long in the U.S. states of Montana and Wyoming.	Clarks Fork Yellowstone River	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryan's Store is a historic saloon and general store located at Loudonville in Albany County, New York.	Bryan's Store	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheshtanrud-e Pain (Persian: شصتانرودپائين‎, also Romanized as Sheştānrūd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sheshtanrud-e Pain	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doddenham is a hamlet and civil parish (with Knightwick) in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire, England.	Doddenham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wichrowice (vixrɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Windhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wichrowice	Gmina Choceń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benapole (Bengali: বেনাপোল) is a township in Sharsha Upazila in the Jessore District of Bangladesh.	Benapole	Sharsha Upazila
located in the administrative territorial entity	Máxima Medisch Centrum (English: Maxima Medical Centre) is a teaching hospital in the Netherlands, on two locations, in Veldhoven and Eindhoven.	Máxima Medisch Centrum	Veldhoven	Eindhoven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostamabad-e Bozorg (Persian: رستم ابادبزرگ‎, also Romanized as Rostamābād-e Bozorg; also known as Rostamābād) is a village in Gowdin Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Rostamabad-e Bozorg	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agh Otluq (Persian: اغ اتلوق‎, also Romanized as Āgh Otlūq; also known as Āghotlāq and Āg Otlūq) is a village in Zangebar Rural District, in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Agh Otluq	Zangebar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razini (Persian: رزيني‎, also Romanized as Razīnī; also known as Razenī) is a village in Solgi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Razini	Solgi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gzików (ˈɡʑikuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gzików	Gmina Błaszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canadian Railway Museum (French: (Le) Musée ferroviaire canadien), operating under the brand name Exporail in both official languages, is a rail transport museum in Saint-Constant, Quebec, Canada, on Montreal's south shore.	Canadian Railway Museum	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Theodore Judah School is a historic elementary school located in Sacramento, California.	Theodore Judah School	Sacramento
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Midland Air Museum (MAM) is situated just outside the village of Baginton in Warwickshire, England, and is adjacent to Coventry Airport.	Midland Air Museum	Baginton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doosan Arena, previously known as Stadion města Plzně (Plzeň City Stadium) is a multi-purpose stadium in Plzeň, Czech Republic.	Doosan Arena	Plzeň
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kooduthurai, or Mukkoodal is a holy place situated in Bhavani near Erode, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kooduthurai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Støren Station (Norwegian: Støren stasjon) is a railway station located in Støren in the municipality of Midtre Gauldal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Støren Station	Midtre Gauldal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasr-e Qajar (Persian: قصرقجر‎, also Romanized as Qaşr-e Qajar) is a village in Badranlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qasr-e Qajar	Badranlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Voyageurs National Park is a United States National Park in northern Minnesota near the town of International Falls.	Voyageurs National Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czerniewiczki (t͡ʂɛrɲɛˈvit͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Czerniewiczki	Gmina Kowal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangelanlu (Persian: زنگلانلو‎, also Romanized as Zangelānlū; also known as Zangalānli and Zānganānlī) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District, Lotfabad District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zangelanlu	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Waldorf Schoolis located in Bethesda, Maryland, just north of Washington, DC. The school is a Waldorf school, based on the teachings of Rudolf Steiner.	Washington Waldorf School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Gyeongsang Province (Korean: 경상남도; Gyeongsangnam-do) is a province in the southeast of South Korea.	South Gyeongsang Province	South Korea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putnam Town Hall, formerly Putnam High School, is an historic civic building at 126 Church Street in Putnam, Connecticut.	Putnam Town Hall	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boone Speedway is a 1/3-mile high-banked dirt oval raceway located in Boone, Iowa.	Boone Speedway	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pioneered by adventurous independent retailers and restaurateurs, Melrose Avenue captured the global imagination as the birthplace of Southern California's New Wave and Punk cultures.	Melrose Avenue	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Saint John's Health Center is a private not-for-profit, Roman Catholic hospital in Santa Monica, California, United States.	Saint John's Health Center	Santa Monica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błażejki (bwaˈʐɛi̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Błażejki	Gmina Stoczek Łukowski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Jorio Pass, located between the Lepontine Alps and the Lugano Prealps at an altitude of 2,012 metres (6,601 ft) above sea level, connects Garzeno in the Italian province of Como with Carena in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	San Jorio Pass	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dedinovo (Russian: Дединово) is a village in Lukhovitsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on both sides of the Oka River 12 km (6.5 mi) north of Lukhovitsy and 110 km (65 mi) south-east of Moscow.	Dedinovo	Lukhovitsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batuli (Persian: باطولي‎, also Romanized as Bāţūlī and Bātūlī) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Batuli	Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finstall is a village and civil parish in the Bromsgrove District of Worcestershire, England, with a population of 591.	Finstall	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brudaki (bruˈdaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Brudaki	Gmina Wolbórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Double-Span Metal Pratt Truss Bridge is a historic Pratt truss bridge over the Ausable River at Keeseville in Clinton County and Essex County, New York.	Double-Span Metal Pratt Truss Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Situated in the Puck County in Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999, previously in Gdańsk Voivodeship (1975--1998), Władysławowo is a sea port and a popular seaside holiday destination.	Władysławowo	Puck County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jakubowy Borek (jakuˈbɔvɨ ˈbɔrɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jakubowy Borek	Gmina Wielbark
located in the administrative territorial entity	McNeese Arena, also known as Ralph O. Ward Gymnasium, is a 5,000 seat multi-purpose arena in Lake Charles, Louisiana.	McNeese Arena	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adabrock (Scottish Gaelic: Adabroc), is a village in the area of Ness, Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Adabroc	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Gogolina (ˈnɔva ɡɔɡɔˈlina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyn, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowa Gogolina	Gmina Wilczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuscarora Club Bridge (also known as Demis Covered Bridge) is a wooden covered bridge in the Town of Middletown, New York.	Tuscarora Club Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plainfield Woolen Company Mill is a historic mill building on Main Street in Plainfield, Connecticut.	Plainfield Woolen Company Mill	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Price Hill Historic District is a registered historic district in Price Hill, Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on November 15, 1988.	Lower Price Hill Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Governor Bond Lake is a reservoir in Bond County, Illinois, United States.	Governor Bond Lake	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Davan (Persian: ابدوان‎, also Romanized as Āb Davān) is a village in Darzab Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ab Davan	Darzab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar Bashi (Persian: چنارباشي‎, also Romanized as Chenār Bāshī) is a village in Alishervan Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chenar Bashi	Sivan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunabad (Persian: بون اباد‎, also Romanized as Būnābād; also known as Bonābād) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District, Eresk District, Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bunabad	Raqqeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pademangan is a subdistrict of North Jakarta, Jakarta, Indonesia.	Pademangan	North Jakarta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Gallatin River flows 42 miles (68 km) in a northwesterly direction through the Gallatin valley, Gallatin County, Montana.	East Gallatin River	Gallatin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trimborn Farm is a Victorian era estate located in Greendale, Wisconsin and owned by Milwaukee County.	Trimborn Farm	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Michael and All Angels Episcopal Church, formerly known as Grace Church, is an historic church in Cincinnati, Ohio.	St. Michael and All Angels Episcopal Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Summit of Flat Fell is marked by a cairn (not present at the time of Wainwright's visit) and provides extensive views over West Cumbria and the fells of Dent, Grike, Blakeley Raise and Lank Rigg	Flat Fell	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Abdol Robababad (Persian: قلعه عبدالرباب اباد‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh ʿAbdol Robābābād) is a village in Zeynabad Rural District, Shal District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 58, in 17 families.	Qaleh Abdol Robababad	Zeynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bori Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary in Hoshangabad District of Madhya Pradesh state in central India.	Bori Wildlife Sanctuary	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fonte River Dam is a historic dam on the Fonte River on the island of Guam.	Fonte River Dam	Guam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albuquerque volcanic field is a monogenetic volcanic field located in the Albuquerque Basin in New Mexico, USA.	Albuquerque volcanic field	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qolleh-ye Bur (Persian: قله بور‎, also Romanized as Qolleh-ye Būr) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qolleh-ye Bur	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hashtaruchuni (Persian: هشتروچوني‎, also Romanized as Hashtarūchūnī) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hashtaruchuni	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polytechnic School, often referred to as simply Poly, is a college preparatory private day school located in Pasadena, California with approximately 850 students enrolled in grades Kindergarten through 12.	Polytechnic School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheddon Fitzpaine is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated on the Quantock Hills 2 miles (3.2 km) north of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Cheddon Fitzpaine	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiley H. Bates High School is a historic black school building in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland.	Wiley H. Bates High School	Anne Arundel County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Antenor Orrego Private University is a Peruvian private university located in Trujillo city, La Libertad Region.	Antenor Orrego Private University	Trujillo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Asiab (Persian: چهاراسياب‎, also Romanized as Chahār Āsīāb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chahar Asiab	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarbaşıçandırı, Konyaaltı is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.	Yarbaşıçandırı, Konyaaltı	Antalya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelton Mill is a historic carpet mill located at Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York.	Pelton Mill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kozjak Mountains (Slovene: Kozjak) or Possruck Mountains (German: Poßruck) is a mountain chain in the Lavanttal or Noric Alps running north of the Drava along the border between the Austrian state of Styria and Slovenia.	Kozjak Mountains	Styria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skomorochy Małe (skɔmɔˈrɔxɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowiec, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Skomorochy Małe	Gmina Grabowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clonmany (Irish: Cluain Maine) is a village in north-west Inishowen, in County Donegal, Ireland.	Clonmany	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurpiki (kurˈpiki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kurpiki	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borjaki (Persian: برجكي‎, also Romanized as Borjakī; also known as Burjaki) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Borjaki	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Gibraltar (Aboriginal: Bowrell) is a mountain with an elevation of 863 metres (2,831 ft) AHD that is located in the Southern Highlands region, between Bowral and Mittagong, in New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Gibraltar	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sportanlage Am Stern is a football stadium in the south-east of Potsdam, Germany.	Sportanlage Am Stern	Potsdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Ann is a rocky cape in northeastern Massachusetts on the Atlantic Ocean.	Cape Ann	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arrowhead Towne Center is a regional enclosed shopping mall located in Glendale, Arizona (west suburban Phoenix).	Arrowhead Towne Center	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jewell railway station is located on the Upfield railway line in Victoria, Australia, and serves the northern Melbourne suburb of Brunswick.	Jewell railway station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hall Auditorium is a building on the campus of Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.	Hall Auditorium	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Portland Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library, in Portland, Oregon.	North Portland Library	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legerwood Kirk is an ancient and historic Church of Scotland church in the former county of Berwickshire, Scotland.	Legerwood Kirk	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ochoco Mountains are a mountain range in central Oregon in the United States, located at the western end of the Blue Mountains.	Ochoco Mountains	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tickhill is a small town and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England, on the border with Nottinghamshire.	Tickhill	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, generally known as Carlisle Indian Industrial School, was the flagship Indian boarding school in the United States from 1879 through 1918.	Carlisle Indian Industrial School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thaddeus Kosciuszko National Memorial, at 301 Pine Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, preserves the home of Tadeusz (Thaddeus) Kościuszko.	Thaddeus Kosciuszko National Memorial	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhusawal also spelt as Bhusaval is a city and a municipal council (established in 1882) in Jalgaon district in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Bhusawal	Jalgaon district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kitson Woolen Mill, also known as the Holland Thread Company building, is a historic woolen mill complex located at Stroudsburg, Monroe County, Pennsylvania.	Kitson Woolen Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melwood, in West Derby, Liverpool, is home to Liverpool Football Club's training ground.	Melwood	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lane Cove is an affluent middle-class suburb on the Lower North Shore of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Lane Cove	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reno Events Center is a 7,000-seat multi-purpose arena, located in downtown Reno, Nevada, that was constructed in 2005.	Reno Events Center	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rangraz Kola (Persian: رنگرزكلا‎, also Romanized as Rangraz Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rangraz Kola	Lalehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shivan Kandi (Persian: شيوان كندي‎, also Romanized as Shīvān Kandī; also known as Shīvā Kandī) is a village in Firuraq Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shivan Kandi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komarów Górny (kɔˈmaruf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Komarów Górny	Gmina Komarów-Osada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garsten Abbey (German: Stift Garsten) is a former Benedictine monastery located in Garsten near Steyr in Upper Austria.	Garsten Abbey	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stone Road Mall, situated at Stone Road West and Edinburgh Road, is the largest shopping mall in Guelph, Ontario, Canada with approximately 520,000 square feet (50,000 m2) of gross leasable area and 130 stores.	Stone Road Mall	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górowo Iławeckie (ɡuˈrɔvɔ iwaˈvɛt͡skʲɛ) (German: Landsberg (Ostpreußen)) is a town in Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,550 inhabitants (2006).	Górowo Iławeckie	Bartoszyce County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kern County Library is a public library system serving the residents of Kern County, California.	Kern County Library	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tunceli Province (Northern Kurdish: parêzgeha Dêrsimê, Zazaki: Dêsim, Turkish: Tunceli ili), formerly Dersim Province, is located in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	Tunceli Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntsville/Deerhurst Resort Airport, (TC LID: CDH1), was located 4 NM (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) northeast of Huntsville, Ontario, Canada.	Huntsville/Deerhurst Resort Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schiener Berg, also called the Schienerberg, is a hill ridge between Horn in the county of Constance in the German state of Baden-Württemberg and Stein am Rhein in the district of Stein, in the Swiss canton of Schaffhausen.	Schiener Berg	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukowy Las (buˈkɔvɨ ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bukowy Las	Gmina Dominowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sylvan Hills High School (SHHS) is an accredited comprehensive public high school located in the city of Sherwood, Arkansas, United States, serving grades nine through twelve.	Sylvan Hills High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cunerakerk is the main church of Rhenen, Netherlands.	Cunerakerk	Rhenen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hohenschönhausen was a borough of Berlin, that existed from 1985 until Berlin's 2001 administrative reform.	Hohenschönhausen	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bari Ashi (Persian: بري اشي‎, also Romanized as Barī Āshī; also known as Barpāshī) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bari Ashi	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isa Bagh (Persian: عيسي باغ‎, also Romanized as ``Īsá Bāgh) is a village in Bam Rural District, Bam and Safiabad District, Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 65, in 22 families.	Isa Bagh	Bam Rural District	North Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bemowizna (bɛmɔˈvizna) (German: Böhmenhöfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Bemowizna	Gmina Braniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sang Rud Pey (Persian: سنگ رودپي‎, also Romanized as Sang Rūd Pey) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sang Rud Pey	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Springfield District Court, now the City Hall Annex, is a historic former courthouse at 1600 E. Columbus Avenue in Springfield, Massachusetts.	Springfield District Court	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Society of the Missionaries of St. Francis Xavier, Pilar (S.F.X.) commonly referred as Society of Pilar or Pilar Fathers, is a Roman Catholic seminary (Society of Apostolic Life) founded on 26 September 1887 by Rev. Fr. Jose Mariano Bento Martins in Pilar, Goa.	Society of the Missionaries of St. Francis Xavier, Pilar	Pilar, Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grisslehamn is a locality situated in Norrtälje Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 249 inhabitants in 2010.	Grisslehamn	Norrtälje Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiełczew Smużny Pierwszy (ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛf ˈsmuʐnɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kiełczew Smużny Pierwszy	Gmina Koło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelsea Court (Chinese: 爵悅庭) is a private housing estate and skyscraper in Yeung Uk Road, Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong, which was developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties in 2005.	Chelsea Court	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jerome Grand Hotel is a historic hotel that is in use in Jerome, Arizona.	Jerome Grand Hotel	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joghatai Rural District (Persian: دهستان جغتائ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Joghatai Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Havana (Spanish: La Pequeña Habana) is a neighborhood of Miami, Florida, United States.	Little Havana	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kastamonu Province (Turkish: Kastamonu ili) is one of the provinces of Turkey, in the Black Sea region to the north of the country.	Kastamonu Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Postville Courthouse State Historic Site is a replica county courthouse in Lincoln, Illinois, United States.	Postville Courthouse State Historic Site	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	KORE (1050 AM) is a radio station in Springfield, Oregon broadcasting a Christian radio format.	KORE	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dead Lakes State Recreation Area is a Florida protected area located 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Wewahitchka off Florida State Road 71 and southwest of Tallahassee.	Dead Lakes State Recreation Area	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Ratajska (ˈvulka raˈtai̯ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Ratajska	Gmina Godziszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Lorenzo's Tomato Pies is a pizzeria that sells tomato pies in New Jersey.	De Lorenzo's Tomato Pies	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa Pignatelli is a museum in Naples in southern Italy.	Villa Pignatelli	Naples
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kensington High School for Girls is a historic high school building located in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Kensington High School for Girls	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eagle River Cemetery, also called the Evergreen Cemetery, is a cemetery located on highway M-26 about 0.5 miles (0.8 km) south of Eagle River, Michigan.	Eagle River Cemetery	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahn Rud (Persian: كهن رود‎, also Romanized as Kahn Rūd and Kāhenrud) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahn Rud	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bomas of Kenya is a tourist village in Langata, Nairobi.	Bomas of Kenya	Nairobi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chekkeh Ab (Persian: چكه اب‎, also Romanized as Chekkeh Āb; also known as Chek Āb) is a village in Bajestan Rural District, in the Central District of Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chekkeh Ab	Bajestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldsum (Fering: Olersem) is a municipality on the island of Föhr, in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Oldsum	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubomin Rządowy (luˈbɔmin ʐɔnˈdɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lubomin Rządowy	Gmina Boniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memorial Town Hall is the historic town hall of Monson, Massachusetts.	Memorial Town Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The DuPont Historic Corridor is a section of Delaware Route 141 that traces the history of both the Du Pont family and the DuPont company.	DuPont Historic Corridor	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eungella Dam is one of Queensland's more established freshwater fisheries.	Eungella Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Troy Gas Light Company was a gas lighting company in Troy, New York, United States.	Troy Gas Light Company	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frome (i/ˈfruːm/ FROOM; Welsh: Ffraw) is a town and civil parish in eastern Somerset, England.	Frome	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Mine Historic District is a historic district located off US 41 in Upper Michigan.	Central Mine Historic District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is also the capital city of the Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (Holy Cross Voivodeship) since 1999, previously in Kielce Voivodeship (1919--1939, 1945--1998).	Kielce	Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boqeh-ye Yek (Persian: بقعه يك‎, also Romanized as Boq``eh-ye Yek) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 175, in 29 families.	Boqeh-ye Yek	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naberezhnye Chelny (Russian: Набережные Челны; IPA: (ˈnabʲɪrʲɪʐnɨjə tɕɪlˈnɨ); Tatar: Cyrillic Яр Чаллы, Latin Yar Çallı) is the second largest city in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Naberezhnye Chelny	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avery Independent School District is a public school district based in Red River County, Avery, Texas (USA).	Avery Independent School District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruyi Du Ab District is a district in Samangan Province, northern Afghanistan.	Ruyi Du Ab District	Samangan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cincinnati Work House and Hospital was a registered historic building in the neighborhood of Camp Washington, Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on March 3, 1980.	Cincinnati Work House and Hospital	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirchupan (Persian: پيرچوپان‎, also Romanized as Pīrchūpān) is a village in Shiramin Rural District, Howmeh District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pirchupan	Shiramin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Knisley Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at West St. Clair Township in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Dr. Knisley Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yellow Creek Nuclear Power Plant is a canceled nuclear power plant project near Iuka, Mississippi.	Yellow Creek Nuclear Power Plant	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anawan Club Clubhouse and Caretaker's House are a pair of historic buildings at 13 Gorham Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts, on the grounds of the Anawan Club, a private recreational club.	Anawan Club Clubhouse and Caretaker's House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pandurangapuram or Panduranga Puram (Telugu: పాండురంగాపురము) is a village in Kurnool district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Pandurangapuram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beverly Grammar School is a rare historic First Period schoolhouse at 50 Essex Street in Beverly, Massachusetts, USA.	Beverly Grammar School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hopatcong Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Hopatcong, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States.	Hopatcong Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gloucester-South Nepean Ward or Ward 22 (French: Quartier Gloucester-Nepean-Sud) is a city ward located in Ottawa, Ontario.	Gloucester-South Nepean Ward	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chimbarongo, Chile, is a city and commune located 160 km (99 mi) south of Santiago in the Colchagua Province of the O'Higgins Region.	Chimbarongo	Colchagua Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dabney Post Office is a historic post office located on Kentucky Route 39 in Dabney, Kentucky.	Dabney Post Office	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montechiaro d'Asti (Piedmontese: Monciàir) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Turin and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) northwest of Asti.	Montechiaro d'Asti	Province of Asti
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shuttle Landing Facility (SLF) (ICAO: KTTS, FAA LID: TTS) is an airport located on Merritt Island in Brevard County, Florida, USA.	Shuttle Landing Facility	Brevard County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfred Hatch Place at Arcola, also known as the Arcola Plantation and locally as the Half-house, is a historic plantation house and historic district on the Black Warrior River several miles northwest of Gallion, Alabama.	Alfred Hatch Place at Arcola	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krąków (ˈkrɔŋkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Krąków	Gmina Warta
located in the administrative territorial entity	John A. Finch Arboretum (56.65 acres) is a public arboretum located at West 3404 Woodland Boulevard, Spokane, Washington, USA on Sunset Hill.	John A. Finch Arboretum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Talawana Track is a remote unsealed track that runs between Windy Corner on the Gary Highway and the Marble Bar Road in Western Australia, a distance of 596 kilometres.	Talawana Track	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soorappallam is a village located 1 km away from Pattukkottai town in Tanjore district in Tamil Nadu state in India on the way to Mannargudi and Kumbakonam via Vadaseri.	Soorappallam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarmak (Persian: ترمك‎) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tarmak	Sakht Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galerias da Feteira (literally the Galleries of Feteira) is a geological feature in the civil parish of Feteira in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo, on the Portuguese island of Terceira Island in the archipelago of the Azores.	Galerias da Feteira	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harlan J. Smith Telescope is a 107-inch (2.7 m) telescope located at the McDonald Observatory, in Texas, in the United States.	Harlan J. Smith Telescope	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pollhill is a hamlet near Harrietsham near the town of Maidstone in Kent, England.	Pollhill	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cochetopa Pass is a mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of south-central Colorado.	Cochetopa Pass	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Fork Flathead River is a major river in Northwestern Montana in the northwest United States.	South Fork Flathead River	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Darling Downs is a farming region on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range in southern Queensland, Australia.	Darling Downs	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Latino Cultural Center in Dallas, Texas serves as a regional catalyst for the preservation, development, and promotion of Latino and Hispanic arts and culture.	Latino Cultural Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEUP-FM (103.1 FM, ``103.1 WEUP'') is an urban contemporary formatted radio station that serves Huntsville, Alabama, and most of the Tennessee Valley in north Alabama, United States.	WEUP-FM	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betton is a village in Shropshire, England within the parish of Norton in Hales.	Betton	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Winiarski (ˈlas viˈɲarski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Las Winiarski	Gmina Busko-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Shahverdi (Persian: قره شاهوردي‎, also Romanized as Qarah Shāhverdī; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qarah Shahverdi	Quchan Atiq Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jean Ribault High School is a public high school on the Northside of Jacksonville, Florida.	Jean Ribault High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varde Municipality is a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Region of Southern Denmark on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula in southwest Denmark.	Varde Municipality	Region of Southern Denmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Katherine Coleman was a parish church in the City of London, situated in St. Katherine's Row, on the south side of Fenchurch Street, in Aldgate Ward.	St Katherine Coleman	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Drive-In is a historic drive-in theater located in Russellville, Alabama.	King Drive-In	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marżynek (marˈʐɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Marżynek	Gmina Zapolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Compton Hill Reservoir Park is a 36-acre (15 ha) public park located in the Compton Heights neighborhood of St. Louis, Missouri, USA.	Compton Hill Reservoir Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carmen Pampa is in the municipality of Coroico, the capital of the Nor Yungas Province of the La Paz Department, Bolivia.	Carmen Pampa	Yungas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stockholm Arlanda Airport (IATA: ARN, ICAO: ESSA), is an international airport located in the Sigtuna Municipality of Sweden, near the town of Märsta, 37 kilometres (23 mi) north of Stockholm and nearly 40 kilometres (25 mi) south-east of Uppsala.	Stockholm Arlanda Airport	Sigtuna Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górki Napękowskie (ˈɡurki napɛnˈkɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Górki Napękowskie	Gmina Bieliny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Bedford Fire Museum is located in the former Fire Station No. 4 at the corner of Sixth and Bedford streets in that city in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.	New Bedford Fire Museum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terezyne (Ukrainian: Терезине) is an urban-type settlement in the Bila Tserkva Raion (district) of Kiev Oblast (province) in northern Ukraine.	Terezyne	Bila Tserkva Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cranberry Specialty Hospital was a hospital operated by Plymouth County which was operational from May 31, 1919 until 1992 in Hanson, Massachusetts.	Cranberry Specialty Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buala is a town in the Solomon Islands located on Santa Isabel Island (the longest of the Solomon Islands).	Buala	Santa Isabel Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuja-Stadion (formally known as ESV-Stadion) is an 11,418 capacity stadium in Ingolstadt, Germany.	Tuja-Stadion	Ingolstadt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazir-e Vosta (Persian: گزيروسطي‎, also Romanized as Gazīr-e Vosţá) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gazir-e Vosta	Kushk Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uklejka (uˈklɛi̯ka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Uklejka	Gmina Barlinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Box Flat Mine or Box Flat Colliery was located at Swanbank in Ipswich, Queensland, Australia.	Box Flat Mine	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowiny Kasjerskie (nɔˈvinɨ kasˈjɛrskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nowiny Kasjerskie	Gmina Knyszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hope Municipal Airport (FAA LID: M18) is a city-owned public-use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) northwest of the central business district of Hope, a city in Hempstead County, Arkansas, United States.	Hope Municipal Airport	Hempstead County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kan Gahi (Persian: كن گاهي‎, also Romanized as Kan Gāhī) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kan Gahi	Dezhgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calverhall is a small village in Shropshire, approximately 5 miles away from the town of Whitchurch.	Calverhall	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Dore is an Iron Age hill fort (ringfort) near Fowey in Cornwall, United Kingdom located at grid reference SX103548.	Castle Dore	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vargeh Saran (Persian: ورگه سران‎, also Romanized as Vargeh Sarān; also known as Varkeh Sarān, Dargeh Sarān, and Dargah Sarān) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Vargeh Saran	Central District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waynesboro Outlet Village, later rebranded Waynesboro Village, was an outdoor outlet mall in Waynesboro, Virginia, as one of Waynesboro's first attempts to make the town a shopping destination.	Waynesboro Outlet Village	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahr Ashub (Persian: شهراشوب‎, also Romanized as Shahr Āshūb; also known as Shahr Ashaf) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Hasanabad District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahr Ashub	Hasanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prejmer (German: Tartlau; Hungarian: Prázsmár) is a commune in Braşov County, Romania.	Prejmer	Braşov County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalnadan-e Pain (Persian: كلنادان پائين‎, also Romanized as Kalnādān-e Pā’īn; also known as Pāeen Kalnādān) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kalnadan-e Pain	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budjak or Budzhak (Russian, Ukrainian, and Bulgarian: Буджак; Turkish: Bucak, Romanian: Bugeac) is a historical region in the Odessa Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Budjak	Odessa Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hownam is a small village and parish situated 8 miles east of Jedburgh in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, near the Anglo-Scottish border, in the former Roxburghshire.	Hownam	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkhope Tower is a Scottish Pele, located in the Ettrick Valley, in the historic county of Selkirkshire, now a division of the Scottish Borders.	Kirkhope Tower	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinnya (Kannada:ಕಿನ್ನ್ಯ)or Kinya(Kannada:ಕಿನ್ಯ)is a village in Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state, India.	Kinnya	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kallimedu is a village under ``Talaignairu Panchayat'' panchayat located near Vedaranyam in the Nagapattinam district, Tamil Nadu.	Kallimedu	Nagapattinam district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Menard-Hodges Site (also known as Menard-Hodges Mounds (3AR4)), is an archaeological site in Arkansas County, Arkansas.	Menard-Hodges Site	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mi Shineh (Persian: مي شينه‎, also Romanized as Mī Shīneh) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Mi Shineh	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaczków (ˈkat͡ʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kaczków	Gmina Mszczonów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganshoren (French pronunciation: (ɡɑ̃soˈʁen); Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɣɑnsˌɦoːrə(n))) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium.	Ganshoren	Brussels-Capital Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeynalan-e Sofla (Persian: زينلان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zeynalān-e Soflá; also known as Zeynlān) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zeynalan-e Sofla	Osmanvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cornwall Regional Airport, (IATA: YCC, ICAO: CYCC), is located 7 nautical miles (13 km; 8.1 mi) east-northeast of the city of Cornwall, Ontario, Canada across the St. Lawrence River from Massena, New York, United States.	Cornwall Regional Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salawin National Park or Salween National Park(Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติสาละวิน) is located in Mae Sariang and Sop Moei Districts in Mae Hong Son Province, northern Thailand, adjacent to its border with Burma.	Salawin National Park	Mae Hong Son
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farmaniyeh (Persian: فرمانيه‎, also Romanized as Farmānīyeh) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Farmaniyeh	Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lusk Creek Canyon is the name of a 906 acres (367 ha) canyon located within the Lusk Creek Wilderness Area of the Shawnee National Forest in Pope County, Illinois.	Lusk Creek Canyon	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Multnomah County Sheriff's Office Search and Rescue (MCSO SAR) is a non-profit volunteer search and rescue resource for the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office in Multnomah County, Oregon, United States.	Multnomah County Sheriff's Office	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Byrdcliffe Colony, also called the Byrdliffe Arts Colony or Byrdcliffe Historic District, was founded in 1902 near Woodstock, New York by Jane Byrd McCall and Ralph Radcliffe Whitehead and colleagues, Bolton Brown (artist) and Hervey White (writer).	Byrdcliffe Colony	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Butts Bridge carries Butts Bridge Road (State Road 668) over the Quinebaug River in the town of Canterbury, Connecticut.	Butts Bridge	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holly River State Park is a West Virginia state park located in Webster County, West Virginia.	Holly River State Park	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Building at 1707-1709 Cambridge Street is an multifamily house at 1707-1709 Cambridge Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Building at 1707-1709 Cambridge Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miłcz (miu̯t͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Miłcz	Gmina Wołów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Rock Schoolhouse, also known as District 3 Schoolhouse or Webutuck Country Schoolhouse, is located on Mygatt Road in the hamlet of Amenia, New York, United States.	Indian Rock Schoolhouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rimatara is the westernmost inhabited island in the Austral Islands of French Polynesia.	Rimatara	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kelso Depot, Restaurant and Employees Hotel or Kelso Depot, now also the Mojave National Preserve Visitors Center, is located in the Mojave Desert within the National Park Service Mojave National Preserve, on Kelbaker Road in Kelso, California, between Baker and Interstate 15 to the north and Interstate 40 to the south.	Kelso Depot	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trstená (Hungarian Trsztena; Polish Trzciana; Middle German B(r)ingenstadt) is a town in Tvrdošín District, Žilina Region, central Slovakia.	Trstená	Tvrdošín District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thane House is a historic house at Levy and First Streets in Arkansas City, Arkansas, overlooking the Mississippi River.	Thane House	Arkansas City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belmonte in Sabina is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Rieti in the Italian region Latium, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Rome and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) southeast of Rieti.	Belmonte in Sabina	Province of Rieti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upperchurch (Irish: an Teampall Uachtarach, meaning ``the upper church'') is a small village in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Upperchurch	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peter and Jonathan Newmyer Farm is a historic farm and national historic district located at Bullskin Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania.	Peter and Jonathan Newmyer Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baqerabad Meyanrud (Persian: باقرابادميان رود‎, also Romanized as Bāqerābād Meyānrūd) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Baqerabad Meyanrud	Poshtdarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caldueñu ((Spanish): Caldueño) is one of 28 parishes (administrative divisions) in the municipality of Llanes in eastern Asturias, in northern Spain.	Caldueñu	Llanes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberdeen Channel (Chinese: 香港仔海峽) is a channel between Ap Lei Chau (Aberdeen Island) and Nam Long Shan (Brick Hill) on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Aberdeen Channel	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sijekovac (Serbian: Сијековац) is a village in the municipality of Brod, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sijekovac	Brod
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Macquarie Marshes comprise the wetlands associated with the floodplains of the Macquarie River and its tributaries, in northern New South Wales, Australia.	Macquarie Marshes	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Florence is a village, parish and community situated 4 miles (6 km) to the west of the seaside town of Tenby in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	St Florence	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	M Knoedler & Co was an art dealership in New York City founded in 1846.	Knoedler	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Začret (pronounced (zaˈtʃɾeːt)) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Začret	City Municipality of Celje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Everett Community College (EvCC) is a community college located in Everett, Washington, in the Seattle metropolitan area.	Everett Community College	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Benoît-des-Ondes (Breton: Lanwezoù) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine Department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Saint-Benoît-des-Ondes	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayg Stadium (Armenian: Այգ Մարզադաշտ) is an all-seater football stadium in Ararat, Armenia.	Ayg Stadium	Ararat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roccella Valdemone (Sicilian: Rascidda Vaddemuni) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 150 kilometres (93 mi) east of Palermo and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Messina.	Roccella Valdemone	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santhankadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Santhankadu	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domaradzka Kuźnia (dɔmaˈrat͡ska ˈkuʑɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Domaradzka Kuźnia	Gmina Pokój
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Antiquarian Society (AAS), located in Worcester, Massachusetts, is both a learned society and national research library of pre-twentieth century American history and culture.	American Antiquarian Society	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvajeh-ye Fazel Allah (Persian: خواجه فضل اله‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh-ye Faz̤el Allah) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Khvajeh-ye Fazel Allah	Charam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Higgins Beach is a small beach located in the state of Maine in the United States.	Higgins Beach	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torre de Dona Chama is a Portuguese civil parish in the Mirandela Municipality and district of Bragança, in the Trás-os-Montes region of northern Portugal.	Torre de Dona Chama	Mirandela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paseo Boricua (loosely translated as ``Boricua (Puerto Rican) Promenade'') is a section of Division Street in the Humboldt Park community of the West Side of Chicago, Illinois.	Paseo Boricua	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Aspidi (Persian: گل اسپيدي‎, also Romanized as Gpl Āspīdī) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gol Aspidi	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandabad (Persian: گنداباد‎, also Romanized as Gandābād) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gandabad	Poshtdarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Formerly an independent municipality, Roodepoort became part of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality in the late 1990s, along with Randburg and Sandton.	Roodepoort	City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shelkar or Shelkar Dzong (Shelkhar = ``white crystal'', Tibetan: ཤེལ་དཀར་), also called ``New Tingri'', is the administrative centre for Tingri County, Shigatse Prefecture in southern Tibet.	Shelkar	Tingri County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Athersley is an estate in the metropolitan borough of Barnsley in South Yorkshire, England, and is divided unevenly into two regions, North and South.	Athersley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Pol Baraftab (Persian: چم پل برافتاب‎, also Romanized as Cham Pol Barāftāb) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cham Pol Baraftab	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kootenay Ranges lie between the Bull River (E) and the town of Golden, British Columbia (W) and south of Kicking Horse Pass, and are the location of the headwaters of the Kootenay River	Kootenay Ranges	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laygazan (Persian: لايگزان‎, also Romanized as Lāygazān) is a village in Tarom Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Laygazan	Tarom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolchyno (Ukrainian: Кольчино; Slovak: Kolčino) is an urban-type settlement in Mukacheve Raion (district) of Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Kolchyno	Mukacheve Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goebelsmuhle railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Giewelsmillen, French: Gare de Goebelsmuhle, German: Bahnhof Goebelsmühle) is a railway station serving the village of Goebelsmuhle, in the commune of Bourscheid, in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Goebelsmuhle railway station	Bourscheid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeytasabad (Persian: قيطاس اباد‎, also Romanized as Qeyţāsābād) is a village in Dinavar Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qeytasabad	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allen Street is a street in the New York City borough of Manhattan which runs north-south through the Lower Manhattan neighborhood of Chinatown and the Lower East Side.	Allen Street	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghayeb (Persian: غايب‎, also Romanized as Ghāyeb) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ghayeb	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Creek Conservation Area is a conservation area located in Whitehouse, Ohio that is part of the Toledo Metroparks.	Blue Creek Conservation Area	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kullaberg is a nature reserve situated on a peninsula of land protruding into the Kattegat in Höganäs Municipality near the town of Mölle in southwest Sweden.	Kullaberg	Höganäs Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morrison Bridge is a bascule bridge that spans the Willamette River in Portland, Oregon.	Morrison Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polmarth is a hamlet in the civil parish of Wendron, in west Cornwall, England, UK.	Polmarth	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nebogovine (Serbian: Небоговине) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Nebogovine	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh-ye Aliabad (Persian: پشته علي اباد‎, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye ʿAlīābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Poshteh-ye Aliabad	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoven is a village in Suffolk, England, located approximately 4½ miles (7½ km) north east of Halesworth and 5½ miles (8½ km) south of Beccles.	Stoven	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craftsman Farms was founded in 1908 in Parsippany-Troy Hills, Morris County, New Jersey, United States, by noted early 20th century designer Gustav Stickley as a farm and school for the Arts and Crafts movement.	Craftsman Farms	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Kharrat (Persian: كاني خراط‎, also Romanized as Kānī Kharrāţ) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Kharrat	Buin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guana Tolomato Matanzas National Estuarine Research Reserve (GTMNERR) on Florida's First Coast is part of a network of 28 protected coastal areas along the United States coast from Alaska to Puerto Rico, The National Estuarine Research Reserve System.	Guana Tolomato Matanzas National Estuarine Research Reserve	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostam-e Yek Rural District (Persian: دهستان رستم يك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rostam-e Yek Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	British Landing is a place within Mackinac Island, Michigan and is located on the shore of Mackinac Island, two miles (3 km) northwest of the island's downtown and harbor.	British Landing	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulloch Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Stanislaus River in central California.	Tulloch Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leviathan Mine is a United States superfund site (CERCLIS ID: CAD98067685) at an abandoned open-pit sulfur mine located in Alpine County, California.	Leviathan Mine	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melvin & Dollie Younts Stadium is a 5,000-capacity multi-use stadium located in Tigerville, South Carolina on the campus of North Greenville University where it serves as home to the school's football program.	Younts Stadium	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Executive Office Building (NEOB) is a U.S. federal government office building in Washington, D.C., for the executive branch.	New Executive Office Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurozwęki (kurɔˈzvɛnki) is a village in the district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kurozwęki	Gmina Staszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falkum is a neighborhood in Skien, Norway with 15,234 residents.	Falkum	Skien
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heriraz (Persian: هريرز‎, also Romanized as Herīraz and Harī Raz) is a village in Samen Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Heriraz	Samen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huangheya (Chinese: 黄河涯镇) is a town in Decheng District, Dezhou, in northwestern Shandong province, China.	Huangheya	Decheng District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapni (Armenian: Չափնի, also Romanized as Ch’apni; also, Chapin) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Chapni	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Thames contains over 80 islands ranging from the large estuarial marshlands of the Isle of Sheppey and Canvey Island to small tree-covered islets like Rose Isle in Oxfordshire and Headpile Eyot in Berkshire.	River Thames	Oxfordshire	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itacaré is a municipality in the cocoa zone of the state of Bahia in Brazil, south of Salvador.	Itacaré	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mostafa Ahmadi (Persian: مصطفی احمدی‎, also Romanized as Moştafá Aḩmadī; also known as Moştafá and Tāzehābād-e Aḩmadī تازه‌آباد احمدی) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mostafa Ahmadi	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padre Hurtado (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpaðɾe urˈtaðo)) is a Chilean city and commune in Talagante Province, Santiago Metropolitan Region.	Padre Hurtado	Talagante Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vance Cemetery is a cemetery at the end of Vance Cemetery Road in Weaverville, North Carolina.	Vance Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pancalieri is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, about 30 km southwest of Turin.	Pancalieri	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gabrielino Trail is a United States National Recreation Trail that runs through the Angeles National Forest with trailheads at Windsor Avenue in Altadena, California on the west end and Chantry Flat, just north of Arcadia, California, on the east.	Gabrielino Trail	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaghal Kan (Persian: چيالكان‎, also Romanized as Chaghāl Kān; also known as Cheqālakān, Cheyālakān, and Chīālekān) is a village in Doab Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chaghal Kan	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilek (Persian: كيلك‎, also Romanized as Kīlek, Keylak, and Kīlak; also known as Kīlīg) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kilek	Naran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Canyon is a canyon in San Juan County, Utah notable for Ancestral Puebloan cliff dwellings and slot canyons.	White Canyon	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roberto Clemente Coliseum (Spanish: Coliseo Roberto Clemente) is a sports and concert arena located in San Juan, Puerto Rico.	Roberto Clemente Coliseum	San Juan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inchmahome Priory is situated on Inchmahome (``Inch'' meaning an island), the largest of three islands in the centre of Lake of Menteith, close to Aberfoyle, Scotland.	Inchmahome Priory	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sesnabad (Persian: سسن اباد‎, also Romanized as Sesnābād) is a village in Jabal Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sesnabad	Jabal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surały (suˈrawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Surały	Gmina Grabowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stewart's Melville College (SMC) is a private school situated in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Stewart's Melville College	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varaqa (Persian: ورقا‎, also Romanized as Varaqā and Varqā) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District, Qarah Kahriz District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Varaqa	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farsan County (Persian: شهرستان فارسان‎) is a county in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province in Iran.	Farsan County	Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middelfart Municipality is a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Region of Southern Denmark on the west coast of the island of Funen in southern Denmark.	Middelfart Municipality	Region of Southern Denmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dipun (Persian: ديپون‎, also Romanized as Dīpūn) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dipun	Javid-e Mahuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillcrest Christian School is a private school founded in 1971, and stands on South Siwell Road, Jackson, Mississippi, USA.	Hillcrest Christian School	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Denbigh Park Boat Ramp (also known simply as Denbigh Park) is a park located in the Denbigh area of Newport News, Virginia, USA.	Denbigh Park Boat Ramp	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Applewood Heights Secondary School (AHSS) is a public secondary school in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada and is part of the Peel District School Board.	Applewood Heights Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curtis L. Brown Jr. Field (ICAO: KEYF, FAA LID: EYF) is a town owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Elizabethtown, a town in Bladen County, North Carolina, United States.	Curtis L. Brown Jr. Field	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kayamkulam (Malayalam: കായംകുളം; formerly anglicised Kalliquilon) is a town on the Arabian Sea in the Alappuzha district of Kerala, Indian state.	Kayamkulam	Alappuzha district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Września County (Polish: powiat wrzesiński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Września County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meleh-ye Amiri (Persian: مله اميري‎, also Romanized as Meleh-ye Amīrī) is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Meleh-ye Amiri	Dowreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethlehem Central High School is a public high school in Delmar, New York, just south of Albany.	Bethlehem Central High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Givat Ram (Hebrew: גִּבְעַת רָם) is a neighborhood in central Jerusalem, Israel.	Givat Ram	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Now-e Shurab (Persian: دهنوشوراب‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Shūrāb; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Shurab	Siyakh Darengun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słoptów (ˈswɔptuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Słoptów	Gmina Lipnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Du Quoin State Fairgrounds are located in the city of Du Quoin in Perry County, Illinois, United States.	Du Quoin State Fairgrounds	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poospatuck Reservation is an Indian reservation in the community of Mastic, Suffolk County, New York, United States.	Poospatuck Reservation	Suffolk County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ephesus Archaeological Museum (Turkish: Efes Müzesi) is an archaeological museum in Selçuk near İzmir, Turkey.	Ephesus Archaeological Museum	Selçuk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Appanoose County Courthouse is located in the county seat of Centerville, Iowa.	Appanoose County Courthouse	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freiburg Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station in the German city of Freiburg im Breisgau.	Freiburg Hauptbahnhof	Freiburg im Breisgau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craigierig is a village on the Megget Reservoir, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, in the former Selkirkshire.	Craigierig	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1952, Lake Eucha in Delaware County, Oklahoma, was created by completion of the Eucha dam on Spavinaw Creek.	Lake Eucha	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paskhan (Persian: پاسخن‎, also Romanized as Pāskhan, Pāsekhān, Pāskhān, and Pāsokhan; also known as Pāshkhān) is a village in Paskhan Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Paskhan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herandan (Persian: هرندان‎, also Romanized as Herāndān and Harāndān) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Herandan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 300 MW Streator Cayuga Ridge South Wind Farm, located near Odell, Illinois, officially started generating power in March 2010.	Streator Cayuga Ridge South Wind Farm	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Point of Rocks Historic Transportation Corridor in Mineral County, Montana is a historic district including portions of the historic Mullan Road and the Milwaukee Road Railroad.	Point of Rocks Historic Transportation Corridor	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seefeld in Tirol is an old farming village, now a major tourist resort, in Innsbruck-Land District in the Austrian state of Tyrol with a local population of 3,312 (as at 1 Jan 2013).	Seefeld in Tirol	Innsbruck-Land District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haripuram or Haripur is a village in Mandasa mandal of Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Haripuram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamel Bazar (Persian: شمل بازار‎, also Romanized as Shamel Bāzār; also known as Shamīl Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Shamel Bazar	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skånes Djurpark (English: Zoo of Scania) is a Swedish zoological park located in Höör Municipality, Skåne County.	Skånes Djurpark	Höör Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Andreas Fault is a continental transform fault that extends roughly 1300 km (810 miles) through California.	San Andreas Fault	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisiec Nowy (ˈliɕet͡s ˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lisiec Nowy	Gmina Stare Miasto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rupaundha is a village located in Satbarwa Tehsil within the Palamu district of Jharkhand state, India.	Rupaundha	Jharkhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Alto Municipality or El Alto de La Paz Municipality is a municipal section of the Pedro Domingo Murillo Province in the La Paz Department, Bolivia.	El Alto Municipality	Pedro Domingo Murillo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mary's Isle (also known as Conister Rock or, colloquially, the Tower of Refuge, Manx: Kione y Sker or Creg Voirrey) is a partially submerged reef within Douglas Bay on the Isle of Man.	St Mary's Isle	Douglas	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yungaburra is a town located on the Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland, Australia, not far from Cairns.	Yungaburra	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kazimierzyn (kaʑiˈmjɛʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kazimierzyn	Gmina Ryki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruce's Beach was a small beach resort in the city of Manhattan Beach, California, that was owned by and operated for African Americans.	Bruce's Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leadhills, originally settled for the accommodation of miners, is a village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, 5 3⁄4 miles (9.3 km) WSW of Elvanfoot.	Leadhills	South Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zuuk is a hamlet in the Netherlands, south of Zwolle, in the province of Gelderland in the municipality of Epe.	Zuuk	Epe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bend of the Lane, also known as the Harlow Luther House, is a historic house at 181 Cedar Avenue in Swansea, Massachusetts.	Bend of the Lane	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pareh-ye Olya (Persian: پاره عليا‎, also Romanized as Pāreh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District, Keshavarz District, Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 17 families.	Pareh-ye Olya	Keshavarz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marij Mahalleh (Persian: مريج محله‎, also Romanized as Marīj Maḩalleh) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Marij Mahalleh	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faria Lemos is a Brazilian municipality located 263 km (162 mi) north-northeast of Rio de Janeiro in the state of Minas Gerais.	Faria Lemos	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mary's Old Church, St Mary's is a parish church in the Church of England located in Old Town on St Mary's, Isles of Scilly, Cornwall, United Kingdom.	St Mary's Old Church, St Mary's	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWHW-FM (93.5 FM) is an American radio station licensed to serve Altus, Oklahoma, USA.	KWHW-FM	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chardon High School shooting occurred on February 27, 2012, at Chardon High School in Chardon, Ohio, United States.	Chardon High School shooting	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Instead, Chartwell Green is part of the West End parish, within the Borough of Eastleigh.	Chartwell Green	Eastleigh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Samuel Kraemer Building, in Anaheim, California, was built in 1924-1925 by Samuel Kraemer.	Samuel Kraemer Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chien Tang River Bridge or Qiantang River Bridge (Chinese: 钱塘江大桥) is a road and railway bridge at Hangzhou in China.	Chien Tang River Bridge	Hangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Murt (Persian: چشمه مورت‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Mūrt) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Murt	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Lake Sanatorium, a tuberculosis treatment center serving Hennepin County in Minnesota, opened on January 4, 1916, with a capacity of 50 patients.	Glen Lake Sanatorium	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amboori or Amboory is a village in the south east of Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala in India.	Amboori	Thiruvananthapuram district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount York, a mountain in the western region of the Explorer Range, part of the Blue Mountains Range that is a spur off the Great Dividing Range, is located approximately 150 kilometres (93 mi) west of Sydney, just outside Mount Victoria in New South Wales, Australia.	Mount York	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbus-Belmont State Park, on the shores of the Mississippi River in Hickman County, near Columbus, Kentucky, is the site of a Confederate fortification built during the American Civil War.	Columbus-Belmont State Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasopole (lasɔˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lasopole	Gmina Chynów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phillips Flying Ranch Airport (FAA LID: T48) is a public airport located fifteen miles (24.1 km) southeast of the central business district (CBD) of Rockwall, in Rockwall County, Texas, USA.	Phillips Flying Ranch Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Temple Court Building and Annex, at 5 Beekman Street (corner of Nassau street), New York City, is a red-brick and terra cotta office building in the Queen Anne, neo-Grec, and Renaissance Revival styles.	Temple Court Building and Annex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iqaluit Airport (IATA: YFB, ICAO: CYFB) serves Iqaluit, Nunavut, Canada and is located adjacent to the town.	Iqaluit Airport	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mozvar (Persian: مزور‎, also Romanized as Mozaver, Mazūr, and Mazvar; also known as Majwār) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Mozvar	Baqerabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WARU-FM (101.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Roann, Indiana, USA broadcasting a Soft Adult Contemporary (``Lite Rock'') format.	WARU-FM	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katak-e Sofla (Persian: كتك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Katak-e Soflá; also known as Katak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Gandoman Rural District, Gandoman District, Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Katak-e Sofla	Gandoman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benasau (Valencian: (benaˈzaw), locally: (beneˈzaw); Spanish: (benaˈsau)) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Benasau	Comtat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strysza Buda (ˈstrɨʂa ˈbuda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Strysza Buda	Gmina Kartuzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raklja (Serbian: Ракља) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Raklja	Aleksandrovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keno City is a small community in Yukon, Canada at the end of the Silver Trail highway.	Keno City	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gawber is an area of Barnsley in South Yorkshire, England.	Gawber	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tilaru is a village located in Kotabommali mandal in Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Tilaru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falls Church High School (FCHS) is a high school located in West Falls Church, unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia.	Falls Church High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hashemanli (Persian: هاشمنلي‎, also Romanized as Hāshemanlī; also known as Hāshem Elá) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Hashemanli	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nordstar Tower is a skyscraper office building in Moscow, Russia.	Nordstar Tower	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dover (/ˈdoʊvər/; French: Douvres) is a town and major ferry port in the home county of Kent, in South East England.	Dover	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Towne East Square is an enclosed, two-story shopping mall located in the eastern section of Wichita, Kansas United States.	Towne East Square	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahimabad-e Kamin (Persian: رحيم ابادكمين‎, also Romanized as Raḩīmābād-e Kamīn; also known as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Kamin Rural District, in the Central District of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rahimabad-e Kamin	Kamin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabowo Bobowskie (ɡraˈbɔvɔ bɔˈbɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobowo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grabowo Bobowskie	Gmina Bobowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalehdun (Persian: شله دون‎, also Romanized as Shalehdūn) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shalehdun	Susan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rietwijkeroord is a former hamlet in the Dutch province of North Holland.	Rietwijkeroord	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jefferson County International Airport (IATA: TWD, FAA LID: 0S9) is a public use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southwest of the central business district of Port Townsend, a town in Jefferson County, Washington, United States.	Jefferson County International Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogmore-by-Sea (Welsh: Aberogwr, meaning ``Mouth of the River Ogmore'') is a seaside village in St Brides Major community in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.	Ogmore-by-Sea	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ust-Belaya (Russian: Усть-Бе́лая) is a rural locality (a selo) in Anadyrsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located at the confluence of the Anadyr and the Belaya Rivers.	Ust-Belaya	Anadyrsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFNN (more recently branded as Money Radio 1510 & 99.3 FM) is a commercial business news formatted radio station licensed to Mesa, Arizona, broadcasting from studios located in North Scottsdale, Arizona, on 1510 AM, and simulcast on 99.3 FM.	KFNN	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ludwigshafener Ruderverein is member of the national rowing association of Rhineland-Palatinate and in the German rowing association.	Ludwigshafener Ruderverein	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCVG (1320 AM) is a radio station licensed to Covington, Kentucky, and serving the Cincinnati, Ohio market.	WCVG	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzezin (ˈbʐɛʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Brzezin	Gmina Pyrzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Towner County Courthouse in Cando, North Dakota is a historic Queen Anne-style building that was built in 1898.	Towner County Courthouse	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Mohammadi (Persian: قلعه محمدي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Moḩammadī; also known as Owghāzeh) is a village in Gifan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 665, in 125 families.	Qaleh-ye Mohammadi	Gifan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dadamraz (Persian: دادمرز‎, also Romanized as Dādamraz; also known as Dādamras) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Dadamraz	Bazarjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soave is a small comune of the Veneto region in the Province of Verona, northern Italy, with a population of roughly 6,800 people.	Soave	Province of Verona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located southwest of Heffley Lake and to the northeast of the city of Kamloops.	Paul Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sales Oliveira is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Sales Oliveira	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hazen Store is a small complex of buildings in Hazen, Nevada, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Hazen Store	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pleasant Hill Presbyterian Church, originally known as Mount Carmel Presbyterian Church, is a historic Greek Revival church in Pleasant Hill, Alabama.	Pleasant Hill Presbyterian Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wappenham is a linear village and civil parish in Northamptonshire, England.	Wappenham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lacey Township School District is a comprehensive community public school district serving students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Lacey Township, in Ocean County, New Jersey, along the state's Jersey Shore region.	Lacey Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kemnal Technology College is a boys' secondary school and coeducational sixth form with academy status, located in the London Borough of Bromley, England.	Kemnal Technology College	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaker Farm (also the Edward Deming and Faith Andrews Homestead) is a historic farmstead on Dublin Road in Richmond, Massachusetts.	Shaker Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senator Thomas J. Dodd Memorial Stadium is a stadium in Norwich, Connecticut.	Senator Thomas J. Dodd Memorial Stadium	Norwich, Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelyandar (Persian: پلياندر‎, also Romanized as Pelyāndar; also known as Piliyandar) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pelyandar	Gol-e Cheydar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Times Tower, also known as the New Central Bank Tower, is an office tower in Nairobi, Kenya.	Times Tower	Nairobi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape Cod Rail Trail (CCRT) is a 22-mile (35 km) paved rail trail located on Cape Cod in Massachusetts.	Cape Cod Rail Trail	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pątki-Ośniak (ˈpɔntki ˈɔɕɲak) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pątki-Ośniak	Gmina Lubowidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kołatnik (kɔˈwatnik) (German: Schloßmühl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kołatnik	Gmina Wałcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stour Provost is a village and civil parish in the Blackmore Vale area of north Dorset, England, situated on the River Stour between Sturminster Newton and Gillingham.	Stour Provost	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrowa Widawska (dɔmˈbrɔva viˈdafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dąbrowa Widawska	Gmina Widawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Te Kuha is a small village located to the east of Westport in the Buller District of the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island.	Te Kuha	Buller District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staufen im Breisgau is a German town in the Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald district of Baden-Württemberg.	Staufen im Breisgau	Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Metcalfe was a local government area about 105 kilometres (65 mi) north-northwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia, and 45 kilometres (28 mi) south of the regional city of Bendigo.	Shire of Metcalfe	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roper Lake State Park is a state park of Arizona, surrounding 32-acre (130,000 m2) Roper Lake.	Roper Lake State Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monte L. Bean Life Science Museum is a natural history museum housed at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah.	Monte L. Bean Life Science Museum	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darsatang (Persian: دارستنگ‎, also Romanized as Dārsatang) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darsatang	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Affi is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) west of Venice and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Verona.	Affi	Province of Verona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melpadi is an ancient small town in Vellore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Melpadi	Vellore district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 69 (I-69) is an Interstate Highway in the United States consisting of seven disjointed parts with an original continuous segment from Indianapolis, Indiana, northeast to the Canadian border in Port Huron, Michigan, at 355.8 miles (572.6 km).	Interstate 69	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beck's Reformed Church Cemetery is a historic church cemetery located near Silver Hill, Davidson County, North Carolina.	Beck's Reformed Church Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derapeshtan (Persian: دراپشتان‎, also Romanized as Derāpeshtān) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Derapeshtan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rawica-Józefatka (raˈvit͡sa juzɛˈfatka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczów, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rawica-Józefatka	Gmina Tczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peterson Air and Space Museum is located inside Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Peterson Air and Space Museum	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLND (98.1 FM, ``The Lake'') is a radio station serving the Chattanooga, Tennessee area.	WLND	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh Mian (Persian: كوه ميان‎, also Romanized as Kūh Mīān and Kūh Meyān) is a village in Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kuh Mian	Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bechtler Museum of Modern Art in Charlotte, North Carolina is a 36,500 square feet (3,390 m2) museum space dedicated to the exhibition of mid-20th-century modern art. The modern art museum is part of the new Levine Center for the Arts in Uptown.	Bechtler Museum of Modern Art	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruda Lubieniecka (ˈruda lubjɛˈɲɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ruda Lubieniecka	Gmina Chodecz
located in the administrative territorial entity	FireKeepers Casino Hotel is a 236,000-square-foot (21,900 m2) casino and hotel in Emmett Charter Township, Michigan, between Battle Creek and Marshall.	FireKeepers Casino Hotel	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portland Railroad Company Substation, now the Scarborough Historical Museum, is a former power substation of the Portland Railroad Company, a trolley service provider, at 649 United States Route 1 in Scarborough, Maine.	Portland Railroad Company Substation	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bald Eagle and Spring Creek Navigation Company was a canal company in central Pennsylvania intended to link the iron industry of Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, with the Pennsylvania canal system.	Bald Eagle and Spring Creek Navigation	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tula Rud-e Bala (Persian: طولارودبالا‎, also Romanized as Ţūlā Rūd-e Bālā; also known as Ţūlā Rūd) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tula Rud-e Bala	Tula Rud Rural District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilvamarathupatti is a village in the panchayat town of Vilathikulam, in Thoothukudi district, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vilvamarathupatti	Thoothukudi district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavdaneh Khvor (Persian: گاودانه خور‎, also Romanized as Gāvdāneh Khvor and Gāvdāneh Khvār) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District, in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gavdaneh Khvor	Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Cholla Airpark (FAA LID: 57AZ) is a private airpark located in Oro Valley, Pima County, Arizona, eight miles (13 km) northwest of the central business district of Tucson.	La Cholla Airpark	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norf station is a station in the city of Neuss in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Norf station	Neuss
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Charlotte County Courthouse is an historic two-story yellow brick courthouse building located at 227 Taylor Street in Punta Gorda, Florida, Florida.	Old Charlotte County Courthouse	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santiago Canyon College is a community college located at the eastern border of Orange, California at Chapman and Jamboree.	Santiago Canyon College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolkowe (vɔlˈkɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wolkowe	Gmina Myszyniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Seyfollah (Persian: چاه سيف اله‎, also Romanized as Chāh Seyfollāh) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah Seyfollah	Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeptha Knob is the highest point in the Bluegrass region of Kentucky.	Jeptha Knob	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lock and Dam No. 16 is a lock and dam located near Muscatine, Iowa on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 457.2.	Lock and Dam No. 16	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashan County (Persian: شهرستان کاشان‎) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran.	Kashan County	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owmal (Persian: اومال‎, also Romanized as Owmāl and Ūmāl) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Owmal	Peyrajeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mela Ulur is a village in Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India	Mela Ulur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winks Panorama, also known as Winks Lodge, was a hotel near Pinecliffe, Colorado catering to African-American tourists during the early and middle 20th century.	Winks Panorama	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namak Avaran (Persian: نمك اوران‎, also Romanized as Namak Āvarān) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Namak Avaran	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fulstow is a marsh village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.	Fulstow	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zardalu Olya (Persian: زردآلو عُليا‎, also Romanized as Zardālū ʿOlyā) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zardalu Olya	Nurabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jess Norman Post 166 American Legion Hut is a historic clubhouse at 222 South First Street in Augusta, Arkansas.	Jess Norman Post 166 American Legion Hut	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uông Bí ( listen) is a city of Quảng Ninh Province in the northeastern region of Vietnam.	Uông Bí	Quảng Ninh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podczerwone (pɔtt͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Dunajec, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Podczerwone	Gmina Czarny Dunajec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rijsbergen (population 6,100) is a town in the municipality of Zundert in the southern Netherlands.	Rijsbergen	Zundert
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cameron Road (Chinese: 金馬倫道) is a road in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Cameron Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Hempstead High School is a public high school located in West Hempstead, Nassau County, New York, U.S.A., and is the only high school operated by the West Hempstead Union Free School District.	West Hempstead High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coroico is a town in Nor Yungas Province, in the La Paz Department of western Bolivia.	Coroico	Yungas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunlon is a small town in Taunggyi Township, Taunggyi District, Shan State, eastern Burma.	Kunlon	Taunggyi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolbolak (Persian: بلبلك‎) is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bolbolak	Jereh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sunflower Army Ammunition Plant (or SFAAP) was a smokeless powder and propellant manufacturing facility in northwest Johnson County, Kansas, south of De Soto, owned by the United States Government and operated under contract, primarily by Hercules Aerospace Company.	Sunflower Army Ammunition Plant	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacks Mountain is a stratigraphic ridge in central Pennsylvania, United States, trending southeast of the Stone Mountain ridge and Jacks Mountain Anticline.	Jacks Mountain	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caird Park Velodrome is an outdoor 402.25-metre (1,319.7 ft) concrete velodrome in Dundee, Scotland.	Caird Park Velodrome	Dundee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse near the village of Castlepoint in the Wellington Region of the North Island of New Zealand.	Castle Point Lighthouse	Wellington Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winnogóra (vinnɔˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Winnogóra	Gmina Wronki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardiners Island Windmill is a historic windmill on Gardiners Island in East Hampton, New York.	Gardiners Island Windmill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulakow (Persian: پولاكاو‎, also Romanized as Pūlāḵow) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pulakow	Ahmadfedaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Peppermint Grove is a small local government area in western metropolitan Perth, the capital of Western Australia, between Mosman Park and Claremont about 12 km southwest of Perth's central business district.	Shire of Peppermint Grove	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cairnie Burn is a stream that rises in the Mounth, or eastern range of the Grampian Mountains, north of Netherley, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Cairnie Burn	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laqeh (Persian: يقه‎; also known as Yaqeh) is a village in Manjilabad Rural District, in the Central District of Robat Karim County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Laqeh	Manjilabad Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District (Persian: دهستان راهجردشرقي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Salafchegan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District	Salafchegan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Technisches Museum Wien (German for Vienna Technical Museum) lies in Vienna (Austria), in Penzing district, on the Mariahilferstraße 212.	Technisches Museum Wien	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Secrest Arboretum (115 acres) is an arboretum located on the campus of the Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center (OARDC), at the intersection of Pine Road and Green Drive, Wooster, Ohio.	Secrest Arboretum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karasht (Persian: كرشت‎) is a village in Karasht Rural District, in the Bumehen District of Pardis County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Karasht	Pardis County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hecate Strait (/ˈhɛkɪt/; Haida language: K̲andaliig̲wii, also siigaay which means simply ``ocean'') is a wide but shallow strait between the Haida Gwaii (formerly the Queen Charlotte Islands) and the mainland of British Columbia, Canada.	Hecate Strait	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	École Bon-Pasteur École Vatican II École Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire École La Porte-du-Nord Le Centre l'Élan École Vinette (closed 1991) Centre de formation professionnelle de la Jamésie Centre d'études collégiales Chibougamau The English-language school is MacLean Memorial School , formerly Chibougamau Protestant School.	Chibougamau	Jamésie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viramgam is a municipality and town in Ahmedabad district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Viramgam	Ahmedabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hohenecken Castle (German: Burg Hohenecken) (MHG: buorch hônecke) is the ruin of a spur castle from the Hohenstaufen era on the Schlossberg hill above the Kaiserslautern ward of Hohenecken in Rhineland-Palatinate.	Hohenecken Castle	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novodevichy Convent, also known as Bogoroditse-Smolensky Monastery (Russian: Новоде́вичий монасты́рь, Богоро́дице-Смоле́нский монасты́рь), is probably the best-known cloister of Moscow.	Novodevichy Convent	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łętów (ˈwɛntuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łętów	Gmina Borowie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Williford Methodist Church is a historic church at the northwest corner of Ferguson and Hail Streets on the outskirts of Williford, Arkansas.	Williford Methodist Church	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hackensack Bus Terminal, also called the Hackensack Bus Transfer, is a regional bus station in downtown Hackensack, New Jersey, owned and operated by New Jersey Transit.	Hackensack Bus Terminal	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marazad (Persian: مرازاد‎, also Romanized as Marāzad and Marāzād; also known as Mārāzāt) is a village in Daran Rural District, in the Central District of Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marazad	Daran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coux-et-Bigaroque (Occitan: Lo Cos e Bigaròca) is a former commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.	Coux-et-Bigaroque	Dordogne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wronino (vrɔˈninɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wronino	Gmina Naruszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Steel Bridge is a through truss, double-deck vertical-lift bridge across the Willamette River in Portland, Oregon, United States, opened in 1912.	Steel Bridge	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nathaniel Irish House is a historic home located in the Queen Village neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Nathaniel Irish House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Hartfield is a small village slightly west of Hartfield in East Sussex, England.	Upper Hartfield	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natrampalli is a selection grade panchayat town and Taluk in Vellore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Natrampalli	Vellore district
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Byrd High School (WBHS) is a public secondary school located in Roanoke County, Virginia and is part of the Roanoke County Public Schools system.	William Byrd High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chmielewko (xmjɛˈlɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chmielewko	Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Afon Glaslyn (English, River Glaslyn) is a river in Gwynedd, north-west Wales.	Afon Glaslyn	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anveh (Persian: انوه‎‎; also known as Naveh and Sheykh ``Alī) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,050, in 197 families.	Anveh	Fatuyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plugawice (pluɡaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Doruchów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Plugawice	Gmina Doruchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magnum XL-200, colloquially known as simply Magnum, is a steel roller coaster built by Arrow Dynamics at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio.	Magnum XL-200	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Vahdat (Persian: كلاته وحدت‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Vaḩdat) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Vahdat	Fazl Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allston Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church building at 31-41 Quint Avenue in Boston, Massachusetts.	Allston Congregational Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Choctaw is a manmade lake and reservoir in Luzerne County and Schuylkill County in Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Lake Choctaw	Luzerne County	Schuylkill County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bontebrug is a village in the municipality Oude IJsselstreek in the Dutch province of Gelderland.	Bontebrug	Oude IJsselstreek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht-e Rah (Persian: پشت راه‎‎, also Romanized as Posht-e Rāh) is a village in Mongasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Posht-e Rah	Mongasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Community Memorial Hospital of San Buenaventura is a 242-bed community-based teaching hospital located in Ventura, California.	Community Memorial Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Manitou Island Lighthouse is located on South Manitou Island in Lake Michigan, 16 miles (26 km) west of Leland, Michigan.	South Manitou Island Lighthouse	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omm ol Ghaffari (Persian: ام الغفارئ‎, also Romanized as Omm ol Ghaffārī) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Omm ol Ghaffari	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilanj (Persian: كيلنج‎, also Romanized as Kīlanj) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kilanj	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ikermiut Island is a small, uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland, located in the center of Inussulik Bay in the northern part of Upernavik Archipelago, approximately halfway between Kiatassuaq Island in the north and Nuussuaq Peninsula in the south.	Ikermiut Island	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidokht (Persian: بيدخت‎, also Romanized as Bīdokht; also known as Bidukh) is a city in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bidokht	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Jones High School, the ``Home of the Mustangs,'' is a public school in Laurel, Mississippi, part of the Jones County School District.	West Jones High School	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribeyre Island is located on the Wabash River in Harmony Township, Posey County, Indiana, southwest of the town of New Harmony.	Ribeyre Island	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senjdar (Persian: سنجدر‎, also Romanized as Senjīdar) is a village in Ramand-e Jonubi Rural District, Ramand District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Senjdar	Ramand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Iglehart House is an Italianate style house in the Morgan Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, United States, and one of the city's oldest surviving buildings.	Iglehart House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frick's Tavern is an historic building located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Frick's Tavern	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butler Traditional High School is a high school in Louisville, Kentucky which follows the traditional school program.	Butler Traditional High School	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srocze Góry (ˈsrɔt͡ʂɛ ˈɡurɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Srocze Góry	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Timothy Lester Farmstead, also known as the Garrison House, is a historic farmstead at Crary and Browning Roads in Griswold, Connecticut.	Timothy Lester Farmstead	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Strzałki (ˈnɔvɛ ˈstʂau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Strzałki	Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaskapau Formation is equivalent to the Colorado Group shale in central Alberta.	Kaskapau Formation	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gliwice County (Polish: powiat gliwicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Gliwice County	Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahlon Sweet Field Heliport (FAA LID: OG32) is a private heliport located 7 miles southeast of Eugene in Lane County, Oregon, USA.	Mahlon Sweet Field Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aq Bolagh Rural District (Persian: دهستان آق بلاغ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Aq Bolagh Rural District	Sojas Rud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doernbecher Children's Hospital is a children's hospital located in Portland, Oregon, and associated with Oregon Health & Science University.	Doernbecher Children's Hospital	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central School of Art and Design was a public school of fine and applied arts in London, England.	Central School of Art and Design	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okpho or Okpo is a small town and seat of Okpho Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Burma.	Okpho	Tharrawaddy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Baz (Persian: دره باز‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Bāz, Darreh Bāz, and Darreh-i-Bāz) is a village in Karghond Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Baz	Karghond Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enzweihingen is a town in the district of Vaihingen an der Enz, Germany.	Enzweihingen	Vaihingen an der Enz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keefer-Brubaker Farm, also known as the Oscar Fogle Farm, is a historic home and farm complex located at Taneytown, Carroll County, Maryland.	Keefer-Brubaker Farm	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tawhid Boys School located in Stoke Newington, in the London Borough of Hackney.	Tawhid Boys School	London Borough of Hackney
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almudaina (Valencian: (aɫmuˈðajna), Spanish: (almuˈðaina)) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Almudaina	Comtat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lock 3 is a community in the city of St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada.	Lock 3	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jœuf (French pronunciation: ​(ʒœf)) is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.	Jœuf	Meurthe-et-Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamorbey is a small district of Sidcup, in the London Borough of Bexley.	Lamorbey	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Route du Nord (French for North Road) is an isolated wilderness road in central Quebec, Canada, connecting Chibougamau with the James Bay Road (French: Route de la Baie James) at km 275.	Route du Nord	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flag Building, also referred to as the Super Power Building, is the largest building in Clearwater, Florida.	Flag Building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blunaki (bluˈnaki) (German: Blonaken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Blunaki	Gmina Dzierzgoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Route 1 Flea Market was an indoor flea market in New Brunswick, New Jersey from the 1970s to 1996.	Route 1 Flea Market	New Brunswick	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	CenturyLink Arena (originally Bank of America Centre and formerly Qwest Arena) is a multi-purpose arena in Boise, Idaho, United States.	CenturyLink Arena	Boise
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helal (Persian: هلال‎, also Romanized as Helāl; also known as Helār) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Helal	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esquimalt and Nanaimo Railway Roundhouse in Victoria, British Columbia, was completed in 1913 and designated a historic building in 1992.	Esquimalt and Nanaimo Railway Roundhouse	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Whelnetham (well-NEE-tham) is a village and civil parish in the St Edmundsbury district of Suffolk in eastern England.	Little Whelnetham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radolinek (radɔˈlinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Radolinek	Gmina Czarnków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amport is a small village and civil parish in the Test Valley district of NW Hampshire, England, a few miles west of Andover.	Amport	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	De La Salle University (Tagalog: Pamantasang De La Salle) (also referred to as DLSU or La Salle) is a Roman Catholic, Lasallian research university in Taft Avenue, Malate, Manila, Philippines.	De La Salle University	Malate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waliły (vaˈliwɨ) is a village in north-eastern Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, close to the border with Belarus.	Waliły	Gmina Gródek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daricheh (Persian: داريچه‎, also Romanized as Dārīcheh) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Daricheh	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janizeh (Persian: جنيزه‎, also Romanized as Janīzeh) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Janizeh	Nazluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Héroes de San Ramón is a multi-use stadium in Cajamarca (northern Andes), Peru.	Estadio Héroes de San Ramón	Cajamarca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vila Bela da Santíssima Trindade is a Brazilian municipality in Mato Grosso with 14,523 (2009) inhabitants.	Vila Bela da Santíssima Trindade	Mato Grosso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biddlesden is a village and civil parish in Aylesbury Vale district in north-west Buckinghamshire, England on the boundary with Northamptonshire.	Biddlesden	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaseh Ashkan (Persian: كاسه اشكن‎, also Romanized as Kāseh Āshkan) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kaseh Ashkan	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodijelj (Serbian Cyrillic: Родијељ) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Rodijelj	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Falls Church is a historic Episcopal church from which the city of Falls Church, Virginia, near Washington, D. C., takes its name.	The Falls Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaszczów-Kolonia (ˈjaʂt͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jaszczów-Kolonia	Gmina Milejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nerman Museum of Contemporary Art is an art museum that is located on the campus and is a department of Johnson County Community College in Overland Park, Kansas.	Nerman Museum of Contemporary Art	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alamo Quarry Market is a lifestyle center located in the Lincoln Heights neighborhood of north central San Antonio in the U.S. state of Texas, near the cities of Alamo Heights and Terrell Hills.	Alamo Quarry Market	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phalia (Urdu تحصیل پھالیہ ) is a Tehsil of Mandi Bahauddin District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Phalia	Mandi Bahauddin District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centro Ocidental Rio-Grandense (Western Center of Rio Grande) is one of the seven mesoregions of the state of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil.	Centro Ocidental Rio-Grandense	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kottiyoor is a village and the 23rd Wild Life Sanctuary of Kerala, situated in eastern hilly area of Kannur.	Kottiyoor	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reys (Persian: ريس‎) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Reys	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eunpyeong District (Eunpyeong-gu) is one of the 25 gu which make up the city of Seoul, South Korea.	Eunpyeong District	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giławy (ɡiˈwavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Giławy	Gmina Purda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bloodvein River Airport, (IATA: YDV, ICAO: CZTA), is located adjacent to Bloodvein River, Manitoba, Canada and serves the Bloodvein First Nation.	Bloodvein River Airport	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colgate University is a private liberal arts college located on 575 acres (2.08km²) in Hamilton Village, Hamilton Township, Madison County, New York, United States.	Colgate University	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jostedalsbreen nasjonalparksenter is a visitors center that is located in the village of Oppstryn in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Jostedalsbreen nasjonalparksenter	Stryn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montezuma Well (Yavapai: ʼHakthkyayva or Ahagaskiaywa), a detached unit of Montezuma Castle National Monument, is a natural limestone sinkhole near the town of Rimrock, Arizona through which some 1,500,000 US gallons (5,700,000 L) of water emerge each day from an underground spring.	Montezuma Well	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suszczy Borek (ˈsuʂt͡ʂɨ ˈbɔrɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Suszczy Borek	Gmina Narewka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rampurva is an archaeological site in the West Champaran district of the Indian state of Bihar, situated very close to the border with Nepal.	Rampurva	West Champaran district
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Point Rice Mill is a former rice mill building in Charleston, South Carolina.	West Point Rice Mill	Charleston
located in the administrative territorial entity	``The Radio Voice of Camden County College'', WDBK broadcasts in the Southern New Jersey / Philadelphia area that covers most of Camden County and parts of Gloucester and Burlington counties in New Jersey.	WDBK	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kimaran (Persian: كيماران‎, also Romanized as Kīmārān and Keymārān; also known as Timaran) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kimaran	Tudeshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolsingham is a small market town in Weardale, County Durham, England.	Wolsingham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elvis Presley Birthplace is a historic museum site in Tupelo, Mississippi dedicated to the preservation of the birthplace of American musician Elvis Presley, as well as listed on the Mississippi Blues Trail.	Elvis Presley Birthplace	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayotlán Municipality is a municipality, in Jalisco in central-western Mexico.	Ayotlán	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baishan (Chinese: 白山; pinyin: Báishān) is a prefecture-level city in Jilin province of the People's Republic of China.	Baishan	Jilin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rawica-Kolonia (raˈvit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczów, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rawica-Kolonia	Gmina Tczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph Beale House is a historic residence located at 2301 Massachusetts Avenue, Northwest, Washington, D.C., in the Embassy Row neighborhood.	Joseph Beale House	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Ellsworth was a timber and earthwork fortification constructed west of Alexandria, Virginia, as part of the defenses of Washington, D.C. during the American Civil War.	Fort Ellsworth	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pęszyno (pɛ̃ˈʂɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pęszyno	Gmina Bielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jesse Hall is the main administration building for the University of Missouri.	Jesse Hall	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lorenka (lɔˈrɛnka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lorenka	Gmina Środa Wielkopolska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jacob P. Perry House is a historic home on Sickeltown Road in Pearl River, New York, United States.	Jacob P. Perry House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	40 Leadenhall Street is a proposed office-led development in London that has been approved for construction.	40 Leadenhall Street	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miami University (also referred to as Miami U, Miami of Ohio, Miami University, Ohio, or simply Miami) is a coeducational public research university located in Oxford, Ohio, United States.	Miami University	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrzeszowice (skʂɛʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Skrzeszowice	Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diets-Heur is a village and deelgemeente of Tongeren in the province of Limburg, Flemish region, Belgium.	Diets-Heur	Tongeren
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alayin (Persian: علائين‎, also Romanized as ʿAlāyīn) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Alayin	Azimiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bondal (Punjabi: ਬੌਂਦਲ) is a village near Samrala in the Ludhiana district, in the Indian state of Punjab.	Bondal	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jahad Rural District (Persian: دهستان جهاد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jahad Rural District	Hamidiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katik Lahijan (Persian: كتيك لاهيجان‎, also Romanized as Katīk Lāhījān and Katīk-e Lāhījān; also known as Katak) is a village in Luleman Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Katik Lahijan	Luleman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Washington Plaza is located at the corner of West Fort Street and Washington Boulevard in downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Fort Washington Plaza	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Straszydle (straˈʂɨdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubenia, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Straszydle	Gmina Lubenia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawangen is a municipality in the district of Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany, with about 1254 inhabitants.	Hawangen	Unterallgäu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrackpore subdivision (Byārākapura mahakumā) is a subdivision of the North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Barrackpore subdivision	North 24 Parganas district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pish Qaleh (Persian: پيش قلعه‎, also Romanized as Pīsh Qal``eh; also known as Qal``eh) is a city in Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,631, in 465 families.	Pish Qaleh	Maneh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Kennett Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house of the Religious Society of Friends or ``Quakers'' in Kennett Township near Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania.	Old Kennett Meetinghouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabazon Dinosaurs, also referred to as Claude Bell's Dinosaurs, are enormous, sculptured roadside attractions located in Cabazon, California, and visible to the immediate north of Interstate 10.	Cabazon Dinosaurs	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hailar District (Mongolian: ᠬᠠᠶᠢᠯᠠᠷ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Qayilar toɣoriɣ, Cyrillic: Хайлаар дүүрэг, Khailaar düüreg; simplified Chinese: 海拉尔区; traditional Chinese: 海拉爾區; pinyin: Hǎilā'ěr Qū) is an urban district that serves as the seat of the prefecture-level city Hulunbuir in northeastern Inner Mongolia, China.	Hailar District	Hulunbuir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwold is a small town on the North Sea coast, in the Waveney district of the English county of Suffolk.	Southwold	Waveney
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ynysmaerdy is a village near Talbot Green and Llantrisant in Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.	Ynysmaerdy	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQXC-FM (branded as Hot 103.9) is a radio station serving Wichita Falls, Texas and Vicinity with a Rhythmic Top 40 format.	KQXC-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard Bor (Persian: بردبر‎, also Romanized as Bord Bar; also known as Deh Now-e Bardbor) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bard Bor	Khanmirza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ruskin Colony (or Ruskin Commonwealth Association) was a utopian socialist colony which existed near Tennessee City in Dickson County, Tennessee from 1894 to 1896.	Ruskin Colony	Dickson County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Representation of the European Commission in Germany is a representation of the European Commission with the head office located in Berlin.	Representation of the European Commission in Germany	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henley Bridge, or Henley Street Bridge, is a vehicle bridge that crosses the Tennessee River in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.	Henley Street Bridge	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshkanan Rural District (Persian: دهستان اشكنان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Eshkanan District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Eshkanan Rural District	Eshkanan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanton Park is a national park in Washington D.C. It is located at the intersection of Maryland Avenue and Massachusetts Avenue in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Northeast, Washington, D.C. It is bounded by 4th Street to the west and 6th Street to the east.	Stanton Park	Washington D.C.	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beckwith House Hotel, at 101 W. Huron St. in Berlin, Wisconsin, is a historic hotel built in 1863.	Beckwith House Hotel	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meleuz (Russian: Мелеу́з; Bashkir: Мәләүез Mäläüez) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the bank of the Belaya River.	Meleuz	Republic of Bashkortostan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye Yek Rezaabad (Persian: مشاع 1رضااباد‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Yek Rez̤āābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye Yek Rezaabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Julius A. Coller House was the home of Julius A. Coller I, (1859--1940), born in Shakopee, Minnesota, United States, of German descent.	Julius A. Coller House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuen Mun New Town (Chinese: 屯門新市鎮) is a new town developed by Hong Kong Government in Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong in the 1970s.	Tuen Mun New Town	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansfield Woodhouse is a large village about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of Mansfield itself, in Nottinghamshire, England, stretching alongside the main A60 road in a wide, low valley between the Rivers Maun and Meden.	Mansfield Woodhouse	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Water Street District, a large part of downtown Lock Haven in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, is an historic district added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1973.	Water Street District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lillstreet Art Center is an arts center in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Lillstreet Art Center	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northampton Area High School is the secondary school in the Northampton Area School District, located in Northampton, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Northampton Area High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świbie (ˈɕfibjɛ) (German: Schwieben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Świbie	Gmina Wielowieś
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuczyzna (kuˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kuczyzna	Gmina Cielądz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Chambonneau is a castle in the commune of Gizay in the Vienne département of France that still shows good parts of the original ``chateau-fort''.	Château de Chambonneau	Gizay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexander I Palace in Taganrog is a one-story stone building in Russian classicism style on Grecheskaya Street, 40 where Russian emperor Alexander I of Russia died in 1825.	Alexander I Palace	Taganrog
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielichowo-Wieś (vjɛliˈxɔvɔ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielichowo, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wielichowo-Wieś	Gmina Wielichowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jamestown Viaduct is part of the northern approach to the Forth Bridge in Scotland.	Jamestown Viaduct	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajčetina (Serbian: Бајчетина, pronounced (bâjtʃetina)) is a village situated in Knić municipality in Šumadija, Serbia.	Bajčetina	Knić
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qassab Koti (Persian: قصاب كتي‎, also Romanized as Qaşşāb Kotī) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qassab Koti	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kvaløysletta is a part of the city of Tromsø on the eastern shore of the island of Kvaløya in Troms county, Norway.	Kvaløysletta	Tromsø
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hugo Municipal Pool, in Hugo, Colorado, was built during 1936-38.	Hugo Municipal Pool	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Visalia Municipal Airport (IATA: VIS, ICAO: KVIS, FAA LID: VIS) is five miles west of downtown Visalia, in Tulare County, California.	Visalia Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Byron Nuclear Generating Station is a nuclear power plant located in Ogle County, Illinois, 2 miles (3.2 km) east of the Rock River.	Byron Nuclear Generating Station	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kattenbracher House is an historic property located in Le Claire, Iowa, United States.	Kattenbracher House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dome Peak is a high, massive, glaciated mountain in the Glacier Peak Wilderness of Washington's North Cascades.	Dome Peak	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wharton Esherick Studio, now housing the Wharton Esherick Museum, was the studio of the craftsman-artist Wharton Esherick (1887--1970), in Malvern, Pennsylvania.	Wharton Esherick Studio	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Abbemuseum (Dutch pronunciation: (vɑn ˈɑbəmyˌseːʏm)) is a museum of modern and contemporary art located in central Eindhoven, Netherlands, on the east bank of the Dommel river.	Van Abbemuseum	Eindhoven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bournmoor (/ˈbɜːrnmʊər/ or /ˈbɔərnmʊər/) is a village in County Durham, England, and is situated a short distance from Chester-le-Street.	Bournmoor	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Chahak (Persian: محمدابادچاهك‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Chāhaḵ; also known as Moḩammadābād and Muhammadābād) is a village in Paskuh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Chahak	Paskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Alphage House was a 1960s office block on Fore Street in the City of London.	St Alphage House	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clayton Farm Heritage Museum is the former home of the Wiese family located off Naracoorte Road on the outskirts of Bordertown, South Australia.	Clayton Farm Heritage Museum	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tilursar-e Sharqi (Persian: تيلورسرشرقي‎, also Romanized as Tīlūrsar-e Sharqī; also known as Tīlūr) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District, Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tilursar-e Sharqi	Kelarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benidoleig (Valencian pronunciation: (beniðoˈletʃ)) is a municipality in the comarca of Marina Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Benidoleig	Marina Alta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Though much of the mountain slopes extend into the Canadian Province of British Columbia, the main summit is in the U.S. Long Knife Peak rises more than a vertical 1 mile (1.6 km) above Upper Kintla Lake.	Long Knife Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golkah (Persian: گل كاه‎, also Romanized as Golkāh; also known as Gol Gāh) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Golkah	Birun Bashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senay is a village and a hamlet of Présilly commune in the Jura département, in the French region of Franche-Comté.	Senay	Présilly
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snowmass Peak in the U.S. state of Colorado dominates the view from Snowmass Lake.	Snowmass Peak	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulevard de la Bastille is the southwestern-most street of the 12th arrondissement of Paris, situated in the quartier called Quinze-Vingts.	Boulevard de la Bastille	12th arrondissement of Paris	Quinze-Vingts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puče (pronounced (ˈpuːtʃɛ)) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia near the border with Croatia.	Puče	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burliar is a Panchayat village in Coonoor Taluk of The Nilgiris District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Burliar	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Equitable Gas Works is a historic gas works located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Equitable Gas Works	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poverty Point Reservoir State Park is a state park in Richland Parish in northeastern Louisiana located along a 2,700 acres (4.2 sq mi) man-made reservoir offering camping and watersport activities, swimming, hiking, and fishing.	Poverty Point Reservoir State Park	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William W. Marsh House in Sycamore, Illinois, the county seat of DeKalb County, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1978.	William W. Marsh House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bideleh (Persian: بيدله‎, also Romanized as Bīdeleh; also known as Bīdala) is a village in Manj Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bideleh	Manj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tank Alak (Persian: تنك الك‎, also Romanized as Tang Ālak and Tang-e Ālak) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tank Alak	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Grenville was a local government area southwest of the regional city of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Grenville	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lomita Park, California was a small unincorporated community adjacent to San Bruno in San Mateo County, just west of the San Francisco International Airport.	Lomita Park, California	San Mateo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dow Centennial Centre in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, is a multi-purpose facility built to commemorate the Alberta Centennial.	Dow Centennial Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przatów Górny (ˈpʂatuf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Przatów Górny	Gmina Szadek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Fe Baldy is a prominent summit in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico, United States, located 15 mi (24 km) northeast of Santa Fe.	Santa Fe Baldy	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardafeh (Persian: اردفه‎, also Romanized as Ārdafeh) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ardafeh	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gródczany (ɡrutˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Gródczany	Gmina Branice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cumberland Apartments is a building complex located in downtown Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Cumberland Apartments	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caldwell-West Caldwell Public Schools is a regional public school district serving students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from two communities in Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Caldwell-West Caldwell Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoer (Scottish Gaelic: An Stòr) is a crofting township in the parish of Assynt, Sutherland, in the Highlands of Scotland and in the council area of Highland.	Stoer	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 1999, Toruń has been a seat of the self-government of the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship and, as such, is one of its two capitals (together with Bydgoszcz).	Toruń	Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kluczkówko (klut͡ʂˈkufkɔ) (formerly German Klützkower Mühle) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kluczkówko	Gmina Świdwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raduszyn (raˈduʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Raduszyn	Gmina Murowana Goślina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Kłudno (ˈstarɛ ˈkwudnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Kłudno	Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Courthouse Butte is a butte just north of the Village of Oak Creek, Arizona, south of Sedona in Yavapai County.	Courthouse Butte	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churchbridge Airport, (TC LID: CKV6), is located 7.2 nautical miles (13.3 km; 8.3 mi) north northeast of Churchbridge, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Churchbridge Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crefeld School is a small, alternative private school in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, founded in 1970 as The Miquon Upper School.	The Crefeld School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valserhorn (also spelled Valser Horn) is a summit of the Lepontine Alps, situated between Vals and Nufenen in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, on territory of both municipalities.	Valserhorn	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJRW (1340 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News/Talk format in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	WJRW	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crocketford, also known as Ninemile Bar, is a village in Dumfries and Galloway in the south of Scotland.	Crocketford	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kokoda Track Memorial Walkway is a memorial walking track located in the suburb of Concord West, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Kokoda Track Memorial Walkway	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Durham Fair, held in Durham, Connecticut, is one of the largest agricultural fairs in New England and was first held in 1916.	Durham Fair	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Withington Community Hospital (officially known as the Withington Community Hospital and Diagnostic and Treatment Centre) was a hospital in south Manchester, England.	Withington Community Hospital	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert Fulton Houses is a housing project located in the Chelsea neighborhood in the New York City Borough of Manhattan.	Fulton Houses	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melagaram is a panchayat town in Tenkasi taluk, Tirunelveli district, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Melagaram	Tenkasi taluk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolah Barreh (Persian: كله بره‎, also Romanized as Kolāh Barreh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kolah Barreh	Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artiestenhof is a hofje in the Trompstraat in the Dutch city of The Hague.	Artiestenhof	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunchurch is a civil parish and village on the south-western outskirts of Rugby in Warwickshire, England.	Dunchurch	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Khazal (Persian: ده خزل‎; also known as Khazal) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh-e Khazal	Bavaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Khanliq (Persian: احمدابادخانليق‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Khānlīq; also known as Aḩmadābād, Aḩmadābād-e Khānleq, Aḩmadābād Khānleq, and Akhmedabad) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District, Kaghazkonan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Khanliq	Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyarixung (Chinese: 聂日雄乡) also Nierixong is a village and township of Samzhubzê District (Shigatse City), in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Nyarixung	Samzhubzê District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Mahalleh-ye Lafmejan (Persian: بالامحله لفمجان‎, also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Lafmejān; also known as Lafmajān, Lafmejān, Lafmudzhan, and Lafmujān) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Mahalleh-ye Lafmejan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Williamsport Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at 1300 Penn Street in Williamsport, Pennsylvania.	Williamsport Armory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swedish American Museum is located in the Andersonville neighborhood of Chicago.	Swedish American Museum	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziwiszów (d͡ʑiˈviʂuf) (German: Berbisdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów Sudecki, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dziwiszów	Gmina Jeżów Sudecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirjanovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирјановићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mirjanovići	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albion State Bank was an historic structure in Albion, Oklahoma.	Albion State Bank	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieterburen is a village in the municipality of De Marne in the northern part of the province of Groningen in the Netherlands.	Pieterburen	De Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xingwen County (Chinese: 兴文县; Pinyin: Xīngwén Xiàn) is a county in Yibin, Sichuan, China.	Xingwen County	Yibin
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQRV (96.9 FM, ``The River'') is a commercial radio station in Deer Lodge, Montana, broadcasting to the Butte, Montana area.	KQRV	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Frosinone (Italian: Provincia di Frosinone) is a province in the Lazio region of Italy, with 91 comuni (singular: comune; see Comuni of the Province of Frosinone).	Province of Frosinone	Lazio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mrs. I. L. Crego House is a historic home located at Baldwinsville, Onondaga County, New York.	Mrs. I. L. Crego House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant (or Chattanooga Operations LLC) is an automobile assembly plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee, that began production in April 2011, was formally inaugurated in May 2011, and employs approximately 2,000.	Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoia Forest (Romanian: Pădurea Hoia; Hungarian: Hója-erdő) is a forest situated to the west of the city of Cluj-Napoca, near the open-air section of the Ethnographic Museum of Transylvania.	Hoia Forest	Cluj-Napoca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Farakh (Persian: تنگ فراخ‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Farākh; also known as Tang-e Farāj) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Farakh	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garma Poshteh (Persian: گرماپشته‎, also Romanized as Garmā Poshteh) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Garma Poshteh	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hompesch Gate (Maltese: Il-Mina ta' Hompesch) is a commemorative archway in Żabbar, Malta.	Hompesch Gate	Żabbar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Policía Canaria are the police force of the autonomous community of the Canary Islands, Spain.	Policía Canaria	Canary Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph Brings House, also known as the Johan and Maria Magdalena Schilliger House, is a historical residence in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States, built of local limestone.	Joseph Brings House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diabaly (pronunciation: /ˌdʒəbəli/) is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Niono in the Ségou Region of Mali.	Diabaly	Ségou Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Ghazelbash (Persian: چاه غزلباش‎, also Romanized as Chāh Ghazelbāsh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Ghazelbash	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doły Brzeskie (ˈdɔwɨ ˈbʐɛskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Doły Brzeskie	Gmina Grabica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Sefid-e Sofla (Persian: ده سفيدسفلي‎, also Romanized as Deh Sefīd-e Soflá and Deh Sefīd Soflá) is a village in Zagheh Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh Sefid-e Sofla	Zagheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert Taylor Homes was a public housing project in Bronzeville on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, on State Street between Pershing Road (39th Street) and 54th Street alongside the Dan Ryan Expressway.	Robert Taylor Homes	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Karim-e Kushki (Persian: صيدكريم كوشكي‎‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Karīm-e Kūshkī and Seyyed Karīm Kūshkī; also known as faferata) is a village in Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District, Tarhan District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Karim-e Kushki	Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corrin Rural District (Persian: دهستان کورین‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kurin District, Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Corrin Rural District	Kurin District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neale Stadium was an outdoor athletic stadium in the northwest United States, located in Moscow, Idaho, on the west end of the campus of the University of Idaho.	Neale Stadium	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frederic and Cecilia Cuțescu-Storck Art Museum (Romanian: Muzeul de Artă Frederic Storck și Cecilia Cuțescu-Storck) is modern art museum located in Bucharest, Romania, dedicated to the artists Frederic Storck and Cecilia Cuţescu-Storck.	Frederic and Cecilia Cuțescu-Storck Art Museum	Bucharest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rotebro is a neighbourhood of Sollentuna Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden, and is part of Stockholm.	Rotebro	Sollentuna Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerzwałd (ˈjɛʐvau̯t) (German Gerswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jerzwałd	Gmina Zalewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Presbyterian Church of Bustleton is an historic church in the Roebling section of Florence Township, Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.	Providence Presbyterian Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fowler Ridge Wind Farm is a wind farm in Benton County, Indiana, near the city of Fowler, IN about 30 miles (48 km) northwest of Lafayette and 90 miles (140 km) northwest of Indianapolis.	Fowler Ridge Wind Farm	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKRQ (100.7 FM) is a classic rock station serving the Cedar Rapids and Iowa City areas.	KKRQ	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangasso (also Sangasso) is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Zangasso	Sikasso Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gradki (ˈɡratki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gradki	Gmina Dywity
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cathedral of the Rockies, also known as the Cathedral of the Rockies First United Methodist Church, is a United Methodist church located in the historic North End district of Boise, Idaho, United States of America.	Cathedral of the Rockies	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northwest Angle Airport (FAA LID: 58MN) is a privately owned, private-use airport located in Angle Inlet, a township in Lake of the Woods County, Minnesota, United States.	Northwest Angle Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kunsthaus Bregenz (KUB) presents temporary exhibitions of international contemporary art in Bregenz, capital of the Austrian Federal State of Vorarlberg.	Kunsthaus Bregenz	Vorarlberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bennington Battlefield State Historic Site is the Rensselaer County, New York, location where the Battle of Bennington occurred on the 16th of August 1777.	Bennington Battlefield State Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hardin Bridge is a bridge in Hardin, Illinois that carries Illinois Route 16 and Illinois Route 100 across the Illinois River.	Hardin Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasný (German Kronfellern) is a village and municipality (obec) in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Dasný	České Budějovice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornton Academy (often abbreviated as TA) is a co-educational private/public boarding and day school serving grades 6--12 located in Saco, Maine for Saco and Dayton, Maine student as their public high school.	Thornton Academy	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siemiątkowo-Kosmy (ɕemjɔntˈkɔvɔ ˈkɔsmɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Siemiątkowo-Kosmy	Gmina Siemiątkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raley Field was built on the site of old warehouses and railyards in West Sacramento, California, across the Sacramento River from the California State Capitol.	Raley Field	West Sacramento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madison Museum of Fine Art (MMoFA) is located on the town square of Madison, Georgia, USA.	Madison Museum of Fine Art	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szaniawy-Poniaty (ʂaˈɲavɨ pɔˈɲatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Szaniawy-Poniaty	Gmina Trzebieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greywalls is an Edwardian country house at Gullane in East Lothian, Scotland.	Greywalls	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Deer (Scots: Auld Deer, Scottish Gaelic: Dèir) a parish and village in the district of Buchan, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Old Deer	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Groß Düngen is a village in the borough of Bad Salzdetfurth, in the north German state of Lower Saxony.	Groß Düngen	Bad Salzdetfurth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clear Airport (ICAO: PACL, FAA LID: Z84) is a state-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Clear, Alaska, United States.	Clear Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Part-e Kola (Persian: پارت كلا‎, also Romanized as Pārt-e Kolā, Pārt Kalā, and Pārt Kolā) is a village in Farim Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Part-e Kola	Farim Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Three Rivers Convention Center is the convention center for the Tri-Cities of south-eastern Washington, USA.	Three Rivers Convention Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pott Shrigley is a small village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Pott Shrigley	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mathews Tuya is a subglacial mound in northcentral British Columbia.	Mathews Tuya	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaginele also known as ``Kaginelli'' (Kannada: ಕಾಗಿನೆಲೆ ) is a village in the Byadagi taluk of Haveri district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Kaginele	Haveri	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay of Salga (Portuguese: Baía da Salga) is a bay in the civil parish of Vila de São Sebastião, in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Bay of Salga	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darb-e Hanz (Persian: درب هنز‎; also known as Darb-e Ḩamz and Dar Ḩamz) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Darb-e Hanz	Yazd Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piława Górna (pʲiˈwava ˈɡurna) (German: Ober-Peilau or Gnadenfrei) is a town in Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, in the western part of the Wzgórza Strzelińskie hills.	Piława Górna	Dzierżoniów County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burenjan (Persian: بورنجان‎, also Romanized as Būrenjān; also known as Burinjun) is a village in Dasht-e Barm Rural District, Kuhmareh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Burenjan	Dasht-e Barm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKOC-LP (103.1 FM) was a low power FM radio station formerly licensed to serve Ider, Alabama, USA.	WKOC-LP	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gabrovo Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Габрово) is a municipality (obshtina) in Gabrovo Province, North-central Bulgaria, located on the northern slopes of the central Stara planina mountain to the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan.	Gabrovo Municipality	Gabrovo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Callaway Stadium is a football/soccer stadium located in LaGrange, Georgia.	Callaway Stadium	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dadash Kandi (Persian: داداش كندي‎, also Romanized as Dādāsh Kandī) is a village in Korani Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dadash Kandi	Korani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soldan International Studies High School (also known as Soldan High School) is a public magnet high school in the Academy neighborhood of St. Louis, Missouri that is part of the St. Louis Public Schools.	Soldan International Studies High School	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eilean Dubh Mòr (Scottish Gaelic: big black island) is an uninhabited island in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.	Eilean Dubh Mòr	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	John N and Melba S Anderson Memorial Conservation Area consists of 341 acres (1.38 km2) in Crawford County, Missouri.	John N and Melba S Anderson Memorial Conservation Area	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bristol Community College (BCC) is a two-year community college with its main campus located in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Bristol Community College	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karizak-e Khujui (Persian: كاريزك خوجوئي‎, also Romanized as Kārīzak-e Khūjū’ī) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karizak-e Khujui	Bala Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Paskoya or Paskoyac or Pasquia was a French fort and trading post on the lower Saskatchewan River above Cedar Lake (Manitoba).	Fort Paskoya	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Rust Summit or Willhelm Rust Summit is a summit in Contra Costa County, California in the Berkeley Hills above the city of El Cerrito.	William Rust Summit	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pahnay Behi (Persian: پهناي بهي‎, also Romanized as Pahnāy Behī; also known as Pahnābehī and Pahneh Behī) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District, Sedeh District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pahnay Behi	Sedeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allen Steinheim Museum is a historic building and former museum located on the campus of Alfred University at Alfred in Allegany County, New York.	Allen Steinheim Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre City Building (formerly known as the United Brethren Building,) is an historic building at 36-44 South Main Street at the corner of East Fourth Street in downtown Dayton, Ohio.	Centre City Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Hajji (Persian: دره حاجي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Ḩājjī) is a village in Jaghin-e Shomali Rural District, Jaghin District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Darreh Hajji	Jaghin-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northwest Detention Center is a private immigration prison located on the tide flats of the Port of Tacoma in Tacoma, Washington, USA.	Northwest Detention Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parzniewiczki (paʐɲeˈvit͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Parzniewiczki	Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulbandi (Persian: دولبندي‎, also Romanized as Dūlbandī and Dūl Bandī; also known as Dālbāni and Dolbandī) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dulbandi	Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palm Beach Winter Club is a historic site in North Palm Beach, Florida, United States.	Palm Beach Winter Club	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Biagio Saracinisco is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region of Lazio, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) east of Rome and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) east of Frosinone.	San Biagio Saracinisco	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashtabad-e Sofla (Persian: دشت ابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Dashtābād-e Soflá; also known as Dashtābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Dashtabad-e Sofla	Zarrin Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Nasir (Persian: چاه نصير‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Naşīr and Chāh Nasīr) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Nasir	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganapathikurichi is a village of Nallur Panchayat union in Tittakudi taluk, Cuddalore district, Tamil Nadu.	Ganapathikurichi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geraci Siculo (Sicilian: Jiraci) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of Palermo.	Geraci Siculo	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	EHOVE Career Center is a public vocational school in Milan, Ohio.	EHOVE Career Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vantaa is located in southern Finland, in the region of Uusimaa and the Helsinki sub-region.	Vantaa	Uusimaa	Helsinki sub-region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Crest Park, formerly Cedar Crest Country Club, is a public golf course in Dallas, Texas.	Cedar Crest Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Sulak (Persian: تنگ سولك‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Sūlak) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang-e Sulak	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liuyang (simplified Chinese: 浏阳; traditional Chinese: 瀏陽; pinyin: Liúyáng) is a county-level city under the administration of Changsha, the capital of Hunan province, China.	Liuyang	Changsha
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey of San Pedro de Siresa (Aragonese: Monesterio de Sant Per de Ciresa, Spanish: Monasterio de San Pedro de Siresa) is a monastery in the Valle de Hecho, (Aragon, Spain).	Abbey of San Pedro de Siresa	Valle de Hecho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marbachcheh (Persian: مربچه‎; also known as Marbacheh, Mirbācheh, and Mīrpācheh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Marbachcheh	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jinniu District (simplified Chinese: 金牛区; traditional Chinese: 金牛區; pinyin: Jīnniú qū; literally: ``golden bull'') is one of nine districts of Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, China.	Jinniu District	Chengdu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northern Pacific Billings Depot is a historic train depot in the Historic District of downtown Billings, Montana.	Billings Depot	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manhanset Chapel, also known as Mechanics' Hall, is a historic nondenominational chapel at 24 N. Ferry Road in Shelter Island, Suffolk County, New York.	Manhanset Chapel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Transit Tech High School is a vocational high school in the East New York neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York.	Transit Tech High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antioch University Midwest (AUM) is a private institution of higher education serving adult students in Yellow Springs, Ohio.	Antioch University Midwest	Yellow Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazik District (Persian: بخش گزیک‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gazik District	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halcott Mountain is one of the Catskill Mountains of the U.S. state of New York.	Halcott Mountain	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zen Center of Syracuse (or, Syracuse Zen Center), temple name Hoen-ji, is a Rinzai Zen Buddhist practice center in Syracuse, New York, one of the oldest continuously running Zen centers in the United States.	Zen Center of Syracuse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suydam House (also known as Suydam Homestead) is a historic home located at Centerport in Suffolk County, New York.	Suydam House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tasran (Persian: طاسران‎, also Romanized as Ţāsrān; also known as Ţāsīrān and Thāsrān) is a village in Raheb Rural District, in the Central District of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Tasran	Raheb Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yufeng District (simplified Chinese: 鱼峰区; traditional Chinese: 魚峰區; pinyin: Yúfēng Qū; Standard Zhuang: Yizfungh Gih) is one of four districts of Liuzhou, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China.	Yufeng District	Liuzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Stratton is a civil parish in South Norfolk, in the East of England, UK.	Long Stratton	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calverley is a village in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire, England, on the A657 road, midway between Leeds city centre and Bradford.	Calverley	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peoples Gas Building at 122 South Michigan Avenue on the corner of Adams Street in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois, is a 265-foot (81 m) 21-story office building which was built from 1910 to 1911 and was designed by D.H. Burnham & Company.	Peoples Gas Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasgrain is a village in tehsil Anandpur Sahib of district Rupnagar in the state of Punjab, India.	Dasgrain	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mijas (/ˈmiːhəs/ MEE-həs; Spanish: (ˈmixas)) is a town and municipality in the Province of Málaga, in the autonomous community of Andalusia.	Mijas	Málaga	Andalusia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Two Hearted River is a river in the eastern Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.	Two Hearted River	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khomokuh (Persian: خومكو‎, also Romanized as Khomokūh) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Khomokuh	Dezhgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wheeler House Complex is a historic home and commercial structures located at Leonardsville in Madison County, New York.	Wheeler House Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehrdasht (Persian: مهردشت‎; formerly, Mehrabad (Persian: مهر آباد‎), also Romanized as Mehrābād; also known as Mehr Abad Abarghoo, Mehrābād-e Abrqū, and Mihrābād) is a city in and capital of Bahman District, in Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Mehrdasht	Bahman District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havøysund (Northern Sami: Ávanuorri) is the administrative centre of the Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Havøysund	Måsøy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo Niagara International Airport (IATA: BUF, ICAO: KBUF, FAA LID: BUF) is in Cheektowaga, New York, United States, named after the Buffalo--	Buffalo Niagara International Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bürgertheater was a theatre in Vienna.	Bürgertheater	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Everett Station Lofts is an artist community in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Everett Station Lofts	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eucla National Park is a national park in Western Australia (Australia), 1,238 kilometres (769 mi) east of Perth.	Eucla National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moqdadiyeh (Persian: مقداديه‎, also Romanized as Moqdādīyeh) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Moqdadiyeh	Hakimabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reshkuiyeh (Persian: رشكوئيه‎, also Romanized as Reshkū’īyeh; also known as Ashk, Ashkui, Ashkū’īyeh, and Reshgūyeh) is a village in Garizat Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Reshkuiyeh	Garizat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Worland House was built in 1917 in Worland, Wyoming for local businessman Charlie Worland and his wife Sadie.	Worland House	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerevajka (Albanian: Caravajka) is a village in the municipality of Preševo, Serbia.	Cerevajka	Preševo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luboradów (lubɔˈraduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Luboradów	Gmina Krośnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajpura is a municipal council in Patiala district in the Indian state of Punjab.	Rajpura	Patiala district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagleville Bridge is a covered bridge located at Eagleville in the towns of Jackson and Salem, Washington County, New York.	Eagleville Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradwood Landing was a proposed terminal for receiving liquefied natural gas (LNG) and converting the liquid back into a gas for transport via pipeline in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Bradwood Landing	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverchase Galleria, locally known as The Galleria, is a large upscale, super--regional shopping mall close to Birmingham in Hoover, Alabama.	Riverchase Galleria	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melba High School is a High school in Melba, Idaho.	Melba High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yelsui (Persian: يل سويي‎, also Romanized as Yelsū’ī) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Yelsui	Angut-e Sharqi Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruszczewo (bruʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bruszczewo	Gmina Śmigiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Jerusalem Airport (FAA LID: 1Q4) is a nontowered, public airport located seven nautical miles (8.1 miles; 13 km) southeast of the central business district of Tracy, a city in San Joaquin County, California, United States.	New Jerusalem Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greystone Castle is a small Tudor style cottage in the Newlands Manor section of Reno, Nevada.	Greystone Castle	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chambercombe is a hilly suburb in the North Devon town of Ilfracombe.	Chambercombe	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jijan Kuh (Persian: جيجان كوه‎, also Romanized as Jījān Kūh; also known as Jeyḩān Kūh, Jījeyān Kūh, Jījīān Kūh, and Jijiyan Kooh) is a village in Seyyed Shahab Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Jijan Kuh	Seyyed Shahab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benjamin Banneker Academic High School is a magnet high school located in Washington, D.C., that was originally built to serve as a neighborhood Junior High School.	Benjamin Banneker Academic High School	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Platte Valley Airpark (FAA LID: 18V) is a public-use airport three miles northwest of Hudson, in Weld County, Colorado.	Platte Valley Airpark	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallace Community College (WCC), formally known as George C. Wallace State Community College, is a two-year institution of higher learning located in Dothan, Alabama.	Wallace Community College	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Queen Tavern and Black's Store is a historic hotel and store complex located at Charlestown, Cecil County, Maryland, USA.	Indian Queen Tavern and Black's Store	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGST AM 640 (``Talk 640 WGST'') is a radio station licensed in the city of Atlanta, Georgia.	WGST	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chureh Nab (Persian: چوره ناب‎, also Romanized as Chūreh Nāb, Chooreh Nab, and Chowreh Nāb; also known as Charahnāb, Chirano, Chowrnāb, Chūreh Tāb, and Jūreh Nāb) is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Chureh Nab	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queen's Park Arena is a 3,500 seat multi-use arena located in New Westminster, British Columbia.	Queen's Park Arena	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyle of Lochalsh railway station is the terminus of the Kyle of Lochalsh Line in the village of Kyle of Lochalsh in the Highlands, northern Scotland.	Kyle of Lochalsh railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crediton is a town and civil parish in the Mid Devon district of Devon in England.	Crediton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isin Rural District (Persian: دهستان ايسين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Isin Rural District	Central District	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenoir Community College is a community college in Lenoir County, North Carolina offering degree programs and continuing education.	Lenoir Community College	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razmilu (Persian: رزميلو‎, also Romanized as Razmīlū) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Razmilu	Kuh Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luoyixi Town (Chinese: 罗依溪镇; pinyin: Luōyīxī zhèn) is a Town in Guzhang County of China's Hunan Province.	Luoyixi	Guzhang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2014 Punta del Este ePrix, formally the 2014 FIA Formula E Julius Baer Punta del Este ePrix is a Formula E motor race held on 13 December 2014 at the Punta del Este Street Circuit in Punta del Este, Uruguay.	2014 Punta del Este ePrix	Punta del Este Street Circuit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia Basin College (also known as CBC) is a college based in Pasco, Washington accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities.	Columbia Basin College	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bleaberry Fell is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria, England, with a height of 590 metres (1,936 feet).	Bleaberry Fell	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waddon Marsh railway station was in Waddon in the London Borough of Croydon on the West Croydon to Wimbledon Line.	Waddon Marsh railway station	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nestucca Bay is a bay formed by the confluence of the Nestucca River and the Pacific Ocean located in northwest Oregon in the United States.	Nestucca Bay	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nurollah Beyglu (Persian: نوراله بيگلو‎, also Romanized as Nūrollāh Beyglū) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Nurollah Beyglu	Pain Barzand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurów-Wieś (ˈkuruf ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kurów-Wieś	Gmina Oporów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas R. Ayer House (also known as the Parr House) is a historic building in Oklawaha, Florida, at 11885 Southeast 128th Place.	Thomas R. Ayer House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siabkun (Persian: سيابكون‎, also Romanized as Sīābkūn) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siabkun	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delmar Apartments, also known as Chelten Station, is a historic apartment building located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Delmar Apartments	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Malanda Falls is a cascade waterfall on the North Johnstone River, located in the Far North region of Queensland, Australia.	Malanda Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ammanford (Welsh: Rhydaman) is a town and community in the county of Carmarthenshire, Wales, with a population 5,293 according to the Office for National Statistics (2001), increasing to 5,411 at the 2011 census.	Ammanford	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isleta Amphitheater is an outdoor amphitheater, located in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Isleta Amphitheater	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schuttertal is a municipality in Baden-Württemberg, Germany and belongs to the district of Ortenau.	Schuttertal	Ortenau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seton Dam is a dam on the Seton River, 350m below the outlet of Seton Lake 5 km west of the town of Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada, and with the related Seton Canal is part of the lowest and last stage of the Bridge River Power Project.	Seton Dam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stampede Pass is a mountain pass through the Cascade Range just south of Snoqualmie Pass in Washington.	Stampede Pass	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Rudposht (Persian: بالارودپشت‎, also Romanized as Bālā Rūdposht) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Rudposht	Shirju Posht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McAdam Railway Station is a large railway station that dominates the village of McAdam, New Brunswick, Canada.	McAdam Railway Station	McAdam, New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podłatki Duże (pɔdˈwatki ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podłatki Duże	Gmina Kołaki Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh Gol (Persian: تپه گل‎; also known as Tappeh Kal) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tappeh Gol	Zalu Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schwarzach im Pongau is a market town in the St. Johann im Pongau District in the Austrian state of Salzburg.	Schwarzach im Pongau	St. Johann im Pongau District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puotila (Finnish), Botby gård (Swedish) is an eastern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Puotila	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Traad , also known as Traad Point, is a small peninsula near Ballyronan in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.	Traad	County Londonderry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brick Memorial High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Brick Township in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States, operating as a part of the Brick Public Schools.	Brick Memorial High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Taleqan Rural District (Persian: دهستان پائين طالقان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Pain Taleqan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koźniewo-Łysaki (kɔʑˈɲevɔ wɨˈsaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Koźniewo-Łysaki	Gmina Sońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goodman Library is a historic library located at 1219 1st St. in Napa, California.	Goodman Library	Napa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conwy County Borough (Welsh: Bwrdeistref Sirol Conwy) is a unitary authority area in the north of Wales.	Conwy County Borough	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mierzwin Duży (ˈmjɛʐvin ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Mierzwin Duży	Gmina Wyszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kmiczyn-Kolonia (ˈkmit͡ʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kmiczyn-Kolonia	Gmina Łaszczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaluim (Persian: كلوييم‎, also Romanized as Kalū’īm and Kolū’īm; also known as Kalvīm and Keleim) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kaluim	Chavarzaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guanyin District (Chinese: 觀音區; pinyin: Guānyīn Qū) is a rural, coastal district in western Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Guanyin District	Taoyuan City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Professor Jamil is a municipality in south-central Goiás state, Brazil.	Professor Jamil	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Machias Post Office and Customhouse is a historic government building at Maine and Center Streets in Machias, Maine.	Machias Post Office and Customhouse	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mauryca (mauˈrɨt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mauryca	Gmina Łask
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polideportivo El Plantío is a multi-purpose sports arena in Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.	Polideportivo El Plantío	Burgos
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKWD (104.9 FM, ``WILD 104.9'') is a Rhythmic Top 40 (CHR) radio station serving the Oklahoma City area.	KKWD	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puch bei Hallein is a municipality in the Hallein District (Tennengau) of the Austrian state of Salzburg.	Puch bei Hallein	Hallein District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zanasuj (Persian: زناسوج‎, also Romanized as Zanāsūj) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Zanasuj	Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faridabad district (Hindi: फरीदाबाद जिला; Punjabi: ਫਰੀਦਾਬਾਦ ਜ਼ਿਲ੍ਹਾ) is one of the 21 districts of the Indian state of Haryana with Faridabad city the district headquarters.	Faridabad district	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocklands is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk which encompasses the villages of Rockland All Saints and Rockland St Peter.	Rocklands	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Las Alturas are a mountain range in Kings County, California.	Las Alturas	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bristol Historical Society Museum, located in Bristol, Connecticut, is a museum dedicated to the promotion of interest in Bristol history and encouraging an appreciation for its importance.	Bristol Historical Society Museum	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCulloch Park is an urban park in the downtown area of Fort Wayne, Indiana.	McCulloch Park	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Luis María Argaña International Airport (IATA: ESG, ICAO: SGME) is an airport that serves the small city of Mariscal Estigarribia, in the Boquerón Department of Paraguay.	Dr. Luis María Argaña International Airport	Mariscal Estigarribia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pocomoke River State Park is a Maryland state park that lies within Pocomoke State Forest on both banks of the Pocomoke River between Snow Hill and Pocomoke City in Worcester County.	Pocomoke River State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Incheh Sabolagh (Persian: اينچه سابلاغ‎, also Romanized as Īncheh Sābolāgh and Īncheh Sāblāgh) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Incheh Sabolagh	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Hope Rosenwald School is a Rosenwald School near Fredonia, Alabama.	New Hope Rosenwald School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suraposht (Persian: سوراپشت‎, also Romanized as Sūrāposht and Sūrā Pesht; also known as Sor Poshteh, Sūreh Posht, Sūreh Poshteh, and Surekh-Pushtekh) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Suraposht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gravesham (/ˈɡreɪvʃəm/ GRAYV-shəm) is a local government district with borough status in north-west Kent, England.	Gravesham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalmette High School is a high school in the Chalmette area of unincorporated St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Chalmette High School	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bryan Simpson United States Courthouse is a courthouse and U.S. federal government facility in Jacksonville, Florida.	Bryan Simpson United States Courthouse	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moulton-Udell High School is an Appanoose County secondary school located in Moulton, Iowa, and the only such school in the Moulton-Udell Community School District.	Moulton-Udell High School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minsk Region or Minsk Voblasć or Minsk Oblast (Belarusian: Мі́нская во́бласць Minskaja voblasć (ˈmʲinskaja ˈvobɫasʲtsʲ); Russian: Минская о́бласть; Minskaya Oblast) is one of the regions of Belarus.	Minsk Region	Belarus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Free Software Street (Catalan: Carrer del Programari Lliure) is a street in the town of Berga in Catalonia, Spain.	Free Software Street	Berga
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eipenke is a left tributary of the River Söse near Osterode in the Harz Mountains in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Eipenke	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Grabinka (kɔˈlɔɲa ɡraˈbinka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Grabinka	Gmina Zadzim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Haven Golf Club is a public golf course located just south of Grand Haven, Michigan.	Grand Haven Golf Club	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tal Khalvati-ye Qader Rahman (Persian: تل خلوتي قادررحمان‎, also Romanized as Tal Khalvatī-ye Qāder Raḩmān) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tal Khalvati-ye Qader Rahman	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Charles Odd Fellows Hall in St. Charles, Missouri, is a Second Empire-styled building that was built in 1878.	St. Charles Odd Fellows Hall	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXSS (103.7 KISS-FM) is a top 40 (CHR) radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	WXSS	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BP Pedestrian Bridge, or simply BP Bridge, is a girder footbridge in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	BP Pedestrian Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashland County Airport (FAA LID: 3G4) is a public-use airport in Ashland County, Ohio, United States.	Ashland County Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trevinano is an Italian village, frazione of Acquapendente, in the Province of Viterbo, northern Lazio.	Trevinano	Acquapendente
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achadinha (from Achada + diminutive -inha, meaning Little Achada) is a civil parish in the municipality of Nordeste in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Achadinha	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dallas Hilton, also known as Hilton Hotel and today operating as the Dallas Hotel Indigo, is a historic structure located at the corner of Main Street and S. Harwood Street in downtown Dallas, Texas (USA).	Dallas Hilton	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cannon County Courthouse located at Court Square in Woodbury, Tennessee, is an historic building and the center of county government in Cannon County.	Cannon County Courthouse	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhowrah (also spelt as Bhowra) is a census town in Dhanbad district in the state of Jharkhand, India.	Bhowrah	Dhanbad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northwest Film Center (NWFC) is a regional media arts resource and service organization based in Portland, Oregon, United States that was founded to encourage the study, appreciation, and utilization of film.	Northwest Film Center	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Hill Manor is a country house at Saint Hill Green, near East Grinstead in Sussex, England.	Saint Hill Manor	East Grinstead
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Khedivial Opera House or Royal Opera House (Arabic: دار الأوبرا الخديوية ‎ / ALA-LC: Dār Awbirā al-Khudaywī) was an opera house in Cairo, Egypt.	Khedivial Opera House	Cairo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arzancheh-ye Sofla (Persian: ارزنچه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Arzancheh-ye Soflá; also known as Arzancheh-ye Pā’īn and Arzanjeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Arzancheh-ye Sofla	Pain Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Róża (ˈstara ˈruʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stara Róża	Gmina Stoczek Łukowski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexandre Mouton House, also called the Lafayette Museum (French: Maison d'Alexandre Mouton, or Musée de Lafayette), is a historic house in Lafayette, Louisiana.	Alexandre Mouton House	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nandangadda is a coastal village located in Karwar Taluka of Uttara Kannada district, in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Nandangadda	Uttara Kannada	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scales Mound High School, or SMHS, is a public four-year high school located at 210 Main Street in Scales Mound, Illinois, a village in Jo Daviess County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States.	Scales Mound High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matamec Ecological Reserve is an ecological reserve in Sept-Îles, in Sept-Rivières Regional County Municipality, in Quebec, Canada.	Matamec Ecological Reserve	Sept-Rivières Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Officer Basin is a large (ca. 410,000 km²) intracratonic sedimentary basin in Australia, lying across the states of South Australia and Western Australia.	Officer Basin	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brotherhood Bridge is a road bridge in Juneau, Alaska.	Brotherhood Bridge	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borucinek (bɔruˈt͡ɕinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Borucinek	Gmina Osięciny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Akademisches Gymnasium Innsbruck is a grammar school, or Gymnasium in Innsbruck, Tyrol, founded in 1562 by the Jesuits in the course of the counter-reformation.	Akademisches Gymnasium Innsbruck	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siekiercze (ɕɛˈkʲɛrt͡ʂɛ) (German: Kattenwerder) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Siekiercze	Gmina Kalisz Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Viktoriapark (aka Victoriapark) is an urban park in the locality of Kreuzberg in Berlin, Germany.	Viktoriapark	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peel Croft is a rugby union ground in Burton upon Trent in England.	Peel Croft	Burton upon Trent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gadomiec-Jędryki (ɡaˈdɔmjɛt͡s jɛnˈdrɨki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gadomiec-Jędryki	Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Point School is a private boarding school in Burlington, Vermont.	Rock Point School	Burlington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mani Yar (Persian: مني ير‎, also Romanized as Manī Yar; also known as Manyar) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mani Yar	Holayjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinnacle Bank Arena is an indoor arena in the West Haymarket district of Lincoln, Nebraska, U.S, with a seating capacity of 15,147.	Pinnacle Bank Arena	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artalaqabad (Persian: ارتلق اباد‎, also Romanized as Artalaqābād; also known as Altā Lagūbeh, Artalaq Ābeh, Artoloq Obbeh, Avarnālūq, Ertaleq-e Qobā, Ortālīq, Ortālūq, and Ul Tālgūba) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District, in the Central District of Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Artalaqabad	Kuhsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cal Palmer Memorial Building (also known as Finders Keepers) is a historic site in Windermere, Florida.	Cal Palmer Memorial Building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	One HSBC Plaza is a high-rise building located in Rochester, New York, United States.	One HSBC Plaza	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fossil Creek (Yavapai: Hakhavsuwa or Vialnyucha) is a perennial stream near the community of Strawberry in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Fossil Creek	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yale-Cady Octagon House and Yale Lock Factory Site is a private residence at 7550 North Main Street in Newport, New York, comprising an historic octagonal house and the adjoining site of the lock factory of Linus Yale, Sr. and his son Linus Yale, Jr., the inventor of the cylinder lock.	Yale-Cady Octagon House and Yale Lock Factory Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunset, Arizona was a town in Navajo County, Arizona located about four miles north-west of Winslow, Arizona.	Sunset, Arizona	Navajo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roșia de Secaș (German: Rothkirchen; Hungarian: Székásveresegyháza) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Roșia de Secaș	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ridgeway Hill Viking burial pit at Ridgeway Hill near Weymouth, Dorset, was a mass grave of 54 skeletons and 51 heads of Scandinavian men executed some time between AD 910 and 1030.	Ridgeway Hill Viking burial pit	Weymouth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scido (Greek: Skidous) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	Scido	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majin District (Persian: بخش ماژین‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Majin District	Ilam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thep Sadet (Thai: เทพเสด็จ) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Doi Saket District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Thep Sadet	Doi Saket
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Wonston is a village on the outskirts of the City of Winchester district of Hampshire, England.	South Wonston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedmonton or Bedmanton is a hamlet situated about five miles (8 km) on a minor road between the B2163 road and Wormshill to the south of Sittingbourne in Kent, England.	Bedmonton	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tarrytown Reservoir is an 81 acres (0.33 km2) storage reservoir in Tarrytown, New York.	Tarrytown Reservoir	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bournemouth Aviation Museum is an aviation museum located next to Bournemouth International Airport, near the village of Hurn in Christchurch.	Bournemouth Aviation Museum	Hurn
located in the administrative territorial entity	2000 St. James Place is a 12 story, 335,000 square foot (31,100 m2) office building in Houston, Texas.	2000 St. James Place	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwale is a Local Government Area in Kano State, Nigeria within Greater Kano city.	Gwale	Kano State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łodziska (wɔˈd͡ʑiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łodziska	Gmina Lelis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadłogoszcz (sadˈwɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ) (German: Joachimsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sadłogoszcz	Gmina Barcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skajzgiry (skai̯zˈɡirɨ) (German Skaisgirren, since 1938 Hellerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Skajzgiry	Gmina Dubeninki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunton Wayletts is a hamlet on the western outskirts of Laindon, in the Borough of Basildon, Essex, England.	Dunton Wayletts	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Remains of the old furnaces are the central attraction of Tannehill Ironworks Historical State Park located 12 miles (19 km) south of Bessemer, Alabama off I-59/20 near the southern end of the Appalachian Mountains.	Tannehill Ironworks	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinston Baptist-White Rock Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian and Baptist church building located at 516 Thompson Street in Kinston, Lenoir County, North Carolina.	Kinston Baptist-White Rock Presbyterian Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eno River, named for the Eno Indians who once lived along its banks, is the initial tributary of the Neuse River in North Carolina, USA.	Eno River	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vansjø is a lake in the municipalities of Moss, Råde, Rygge, Våler in Østfold county, Norway.	Vansjø	Moss	Råde	Rygge	Våler
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Trona Corporation Building is an industrial building at the Port of Los Angeles in San Pedro, California.	American Trona Corporation Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deqaluiyeh (Persian: دقلوئيه‎, also Romanized as Deqalū’īyeh; also known as Deh-e Qalū’īyeh) is a village in Kiskan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deqaluiyeh	Kiskan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Douglas Park was a football stadium in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, the home ground of Hamilton Academical FC from 1888 to 1994.	Douglas Park	Hamilton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tuleyries is an ante-bellum estate near White Post, Virginia.	The Tuleyries	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	NASA Orbital Debris Observatory (NODO) was an astronomical observatory located in the Lincoln National Forest near Cloudcroft, New Mexico approximately 23 kilometers (14 mi) northeast of Alamagordo.	NASA Orbital Debris Observatory	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watling Park is a public park in Burnt Oak in the London Borough of Barnet.	Watling Park	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niinisalo is a village in the municipality of Kankaanpää in the region of Satakunta in Finland.	Niinisalo	Kankaanpää
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJAT-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an adult contemporary format at 95.7 FM in Trail, British Columbia and is also heard in Castlegar at 90.3 FM and Grand Forks at 103.3 FM, including other rebroadcasters.	CJAT-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flatirons are rock formations in the western United States, near Boulder, Colorado, consisting of flatirons.	Flatirons	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boswens Menhir (grid reference SW400328), also known as Boswens standing stone, or the Long Stone, is a standing stone 3 kilometres northeast of St Just in Penwith, in Cornwall, England.	Boswens Menhir	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brisbane Girls Grammar School, is an independent, non-denominational, secondary day school for girls, located in Spring Hill, an inner suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Brisbane Girls Grammar School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The origins of the Pittsburgh Glass Center date to 1991, when David Stephens, then visual-arts officer of the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts, approached glass artists Ron Desmett and Kathleen Mulcahy, then a professor at Carnegie Mellon University, about the idea of a center for studio glass.	Pittsburgh Glass Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tualatin Plains are a prairie area in central Washington County, Oregon, United States.	Tualatin Plains	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jughband (Persian: جوغ بند‎, also Romanized as Jūghband; also known as Jūghban) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jughband	Holayjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Putnam Museum is a museum of history and natural science in Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Putnam Museum	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield-Barnes Regional Airport (IATA: BAF, ICAO: KBAF, FAA LID: BAF) is a public/military airport in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.	Westfield-Barnes Regional Airport	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganjureh (Persian: گنجوره‎, also Romanized as Ganjūreh) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ganjureh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Osieck (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɔɕet͡sk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieck, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Osieck	Gmina Osieck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatchie National Wildlife Refuge is an area of swampy bottomland consisting of a portion of the floodplain of the Hatchie River in West Tennessee, covering 11,556 acres (4,677 ha) in southern Haywood County and central Hardeman County.	Hatchie National Wildlife Refuge	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patton Home is a historic building and low-income housing facility in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Patton Home	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1976, Congress approved the mutually negotiated Covenant to establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in Political Union with the United States of America.	Northern Mariana Islands	United States of America
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Student Activity Complex is a soccer, track and field and football stadium and performing arts auditorium in Laredo, Texas owned by the United Independent School District.	Student Activity Complex	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Yasar-e Pain (Persian: قره يسرپائين‎, also Romanized as Qarah Yasar-e Pā’īn and Qareh Yasar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qarah Yasar-e Pain	Zavkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tulsa City-County Library (TCCL) is the major public library system in Tulsa County, Oklahoma.	Tulsa City-County Library	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krševica (Serbian: Кршевица) is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac of the Pčinja District, Serbia.	Krševica	Pčinja District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dakabin State High School is a large secondary school located at Dakabin, north of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Dakabin State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Boykin is a historic site in Isle of Wight County, Virginia, located along the James River.	Fort Boykin	Isle of Wight County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anardar-e Pain (Persian: اناردرپايين‎, also Romanized as Anārdar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Anardar-e Pain	Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chester Hill, a suburb of local government area City of Bankstown, is located 25 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district, in the state of New South Wales, Australia, and is part of the Greater Western Sydney region.	Chester Hill	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Mohammadabad Qods (Persian: چاه محمدآبادقدس‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Moḩammadābād Qods) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mohammadabad Qods	Pain Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alderford is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, about ten miles (16 km) north-west of Norwich.	Alderford	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nujin (Persian: نوجین‎) is a city in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nujin	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jefrud-e Bala (Persian: جفرودبالا‎, also Romanized as Jefrūd-e Bālā; also known as Dzhufru, Jafrūd, Jefrūd, Jīfrūd, Jufru, and Jufrūd) is a village in Chapar Khaneh Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jefrud-e Bala	Chapar Khaneh Rural District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia Road is a street in Washington, D.C., that forks from Connecticut Avenue north of Dupont Circle, and branches north and east through 16th Street to the McMillan Reservoir.	Columbia Road	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osborne House is a former royal residence in East Cowes, Isle of Wight, UK.	Osborne House	East Cowes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shast Pa (Persian: شصت پا‎, also Romanized as Shaşt Pā) is a village in Zefreh Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Shast Pa	Zefreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paluma Important Bird Area consists of the southernmost section of the Wet Tropics World Heritage Site of north Queensland, Australia.	Paluma Important Bird Area	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paul and Fredriika Geranen Farm is a historic farm located east of Frederick, South Dakota.	Paul and Fredriika Geranen Farm	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballyfin (Irish: Baile Fionn, meaning ``town of Fionn'') is a small village and parish in County Laois, Ireland.	Ballyfin	County Laois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Changla Gali is located in Seer Gharbi which is a Union Council of Abbottabad District, and is located 16 km north from the more famous Galyat town of Murree in Rawalpindi District.	Changla Gali	Abbottabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basingstoke and Deane is a local government district and borough in Hampshire, England.	Basingstoke and Deane	Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orleans Tower (formerly Amoco Building), located at 1340 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 20-story, 280 feet (85 m)-tall skyscraper designed in the international style by 3D/International.	Orleans Tower	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Bell Williams Airport (ICAO: KJVW, FAA LID: JVW, formerly M16) is a public use airport in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States.	John Bell Williams Airport	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilaneh (Persian: كيلانه‎, also Romanized as Kīlāneh and Keylāneh; also known as Kīfaneh, and Gīlāneh) is a village in Abidar Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kilaneh	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziveh-ye Qureh (Persian: زيوه قوره‎, also Romanized as Zīveh-ye Qūreh) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ziveh-ye Qureh	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pludry (ˈpludrɨ) (German: Pluder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pludry	Gmina Dobrodzień
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asghariyeh (Persian: اصغريه‎, also Romanized as Aşgharīyeh; also known as Chāh-e Aşfavīyeh and Chāh-e Aşgharīyeh) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Asghariyeh	Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzierzbiętów Duży (d͡ʑɛʐˈbjɛntuf ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dzierzbiętów Duży	Gmina Łęczyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rush University is a private university on the West Side of Chicago, Illinois.	Rush University	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talavar-e Yek (Persian: طلاوريك‎, also Romanized as Talāvar-e Yek; also known as Talāvar) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Talavar-e Yek	Seydun-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harvard Square Centre is a building located at 1344-1346 Broadway Street in Downtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Broadway Avenue Historic District and next to the Merchants Building.	Harvard Square Centre	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manahawkin Baptist Church, also known as Free Church of Manahawkin, is a historic church in Manahawkin section of Stafford Township in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Manahawkin Baptist Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCollum Fish Weir is a historic Native American fish weir located near Lockhart, Chester County, South Carolina.	McCollum Fish Weir	Chester County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMCX (88.9 FM, The X 88.9) is a New Jersey college radio station with a Modern Rock format.	WMCX	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miskovice is a village in Kutná Hora District, Central Bohemia, Czech Republic, located 4.5 km west of Kutná Hora.	Miskovice	Kutná Hora District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owchunak (Persian: اوچونك‎, also Romanized as Owchūnak, Ochūnak, Oojoonak, Ūchainak, Ūchānak, Ūchīnak, and Ūchūnak) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Owchunak	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel Chadron, at 115 Main St. in Chadron, Nebraska, was built in 1890 in Italianate style.	Hotel Chadron	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mianowice (mjanɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German Mahnwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mianowice	Gmina Damnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Mir Kola (Persian: پائين ميركلا‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Mīr Kolā; also known as Mīr Kolā) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Mir Kola	Gatab-e Shomali Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXBJ (96.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to El Campo, Texas, USA, it serves the Texas Gulf coast area.	KXBJ	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Feltre School is a private non profit school teaching liberal arts located at 22 West Erie Street in Chicago, Illinois.	Feltre School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cuckooland Museum, previously known as the Cuckoo Clock Museum, is a museum that exhibits mainly cuckoo clocks, located in Tabley, Cheshire, England.	Cuckooland Museum	Tabley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmira High School is a public high school in Elmira, Oregon, United States, located approximately 15 miles from Eugene, Oregon.	Elmira High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opatówko (ɔpaˈtufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nekla, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Opatówko	Gmina Nekla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheskok (Persian: خسكك‎, also Romanized as Khoskak; also known as Khesok and Khosok) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Kheskok	Sakhvid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ligne des Bambous is a village on the island of Réunion, located near its southern coast in the commune of Saint-Pierre.	Ligne des Bambous	Saint-Pierre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uffholtz (Alemannic German: Üffholz; German: Uffholz) is a communes in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Uffholtz	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Issac Elmer Williams House and Office are a pair of buildings in St. Marys, Ohio, United States.	Dr. Issac Elmer Williams House and Office	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eichhoffen is a commune, in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Eichhoffen	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarib (Persian: زريب‎, also Romanized as Zarīb) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zarib	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganpatipule (Gaṇpatīpuḷē) is a small town located in the Ratnagiri district on the Konkan coast of Maharashtra, in the sub-continent of India.	Ganpatipule	Ratnagiri district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goudswaard was a separate municipality from 1817 until 1984, when it was merged with Nieuw-Beijerland, Zuid-Beijerland and Piershil to form the municipality of Korendijk.	Goudswaard	Korendijk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coker College is a private, co-ed four-year liberal arts college located in Hartsville, South Carolina.	Coker College	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheikh Ahmad-e Jami mausoleum complex (in Persian: مجموعهٔ آرامگاهی شیخ احمد جامی) is a collection of religious buildings, mosques, houses and tombstones all around the central tombstone of Sheikh Ahmad-e Jami, Iranian Muslim sufi who lived between 1048 and 1141 in Torbat-e Jam, Khorasan, Iran.	Sheikh Ahmad-e Jami mausoleum complex	Torbat-e Jam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maleh Chak Ha (Persian: مله چک ها‎‎, also Romanized as Maleh Cjak Hā; also known as Seyyed Karīm Kahazādvand) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Maleh Chak Ha	Jelogir Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spuyten Duyvil Bridge is a railroad swing bridge that spans the Spuyten Duyvil Creek between Manhattan and the Bronx, in New York City.	Spuyten Duyvil Bridge	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The British Golf Museum is located opposite the clubhouse of the Royal and Ancient Golf Club in St Andrews, Scotland.	British Golf Museum	St Andrews
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Tahoma Glacier is a glacier located on the southwest flank of Mount Rainier in State of Washington.	South Tahoma Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walberton is a village and civil parish in the Arun District of West Sussex, England centred five miles (8 km) north-west of Littlehampton, and south of the A27 road.	Walberton	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chotila is a Hindu place of worship in Surendranagar district, located near Rajkot, Gujarat.	Chotila	Surendranagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Valley Demonstration Project is a nuclear waste remediation site near the hamlet of West Valley in the U.S. state of New York.	West Valley Demonstration Project	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Niaz (Persian: کانی نیاز‎‎, also Romanized as Kānī Nīāz) is a village in Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Niaz	Sara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rio Grande del Norte National Monument is an approximately 242,455-acre (98,118 ha) area of public lands in Taos County, New Mexico, proclaimed as a national monument on March 25, 2013 by President Barack Obama under the provisions of the Antiquities Act.	Rio Grande del Norte National Monument	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przeradz Wielki (ˈpʂɛrat͡s ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przeradz Wielki	Gmina Lutocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South River Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from South River, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, New Jersey, United States.	South River Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Earswick is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of the City of York in North Yorkshire, England.	Earswick	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolwanowice (vɔlvanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wolwanowice	Gmina Proszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellevue College is an open-access, community-based, public (state-assisted) institution of higher education located in Bellevue, Washington, a city on the Eastside of Lake Washington, near Seattle.	Bellevue College	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chehr (Persian: چهر‎) is a village in Shizar Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chehr	Shizar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingyin County (simplified Chinese: 平阴县; traditional Chinese: 平陰縣; pinyin: Píngyīn Xiàn) is under the administration of Jinan, the capital of Shandong province, People's Republic of China.	Pingyin County	Jinan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babupali is a village in the state of Orissa, in the Subarnapur district.	Babupali	Subarnapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dagh Qui (Persian: داغ قوئي‎, also Romanized as Dāgh Qū’ī) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Dagh Qui	Akhtarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nidom (ˈnidɔm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniejewo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nidom	Gmina Czerniejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkoswald Parish Church is located in the small village of Kirkoswald (on the A77 road), South Ayrshire, Scotland.	Kirkoswald Parish Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Góra Pudełkowa (ˈɡura pudɛu̯ˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Góra Pudełkowa	Gmina Wojsławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVCU AM 1190, popularly known as Radio 1190 is a college radio station affiliated with the University of Colorado Boulder.	KVCU	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Obra (ˈstara ˈɔbra) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stara Obra	Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murrayfield Ice Rink is a 3,800-seat multi-purpose arena in the Murrayfield area of Edinburgh, Scotland, right next door to Murrayfield Stadium.	Murrayfield Ice Rink	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacks Mountain Tunnel is a railroad tunnel located in Adams County, Pennsylvania about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) southwest of Fairfield.	Jacks Mountain Tunnel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pichorowice (pixɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pichorowice	Gmina Udanin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crescent Arena, also known as the Saskatoon Arena and Crescent Rink, was an indoor arena in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.	Crescent Arena	Saskatoon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ręczyn (ˈrɛnt͡ʂɨn) (German: Reutnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the German border.	Ręczyn	Gmina Zgorzelec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Machynys lies in the Llanelli Town Council and Carmarthenshire County Council ward of Glanymor.	Machynys	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelso Conservation Area is located near Milton, Ontario and is owned and operated by Conservation Halton.	Kelso Conservation Area	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzątka (ˈkʂɔntka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Majdan Królewski, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Krzątka	Gmina Majdan Królewski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wasilew Szlachecki (vaˈɕilɛf ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wasilew Szlachecki	Gmina Repki
located in the administrative territorial entity	German Presbyterian Church and Hortonville Cemetery, also known as Hortonville Presbyterian Church, is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located at CR 121 and CR 131 in Hortonville, Sullivan County, New York.	German Presbyterian Church and Hortonville Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Branched Oak State Recreation Area (Branched Oak Lake) is a Nebraska state recreation area located two and a half miles north of Malcolm, Nebraska (northwest of Lincoln) in Lancaster County.	Branched Oak State Recreation Area	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tasman Council is a local government area of Tasmania, covering the Tasman and Forestier Peninsulas.	Tasman Council	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinchang County (Chinese: 新昌县; pinyin: Xīnchāng Xiàn) is a county in central Zhejiang, administratively under the municipal government of Shaoxing.	Xinchang County	Shaoxing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The State Historical Museum (Russian: Государственный исторический музей, Gosudarstvenny istoricheskiy muzyey) of Russia is a museum of Russian history wedged between Red Square and Manege Square in Moscow.	State Historical Museum	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aden Site is located on the south bank of Jeff Davis Bayou, a mile and a half east of the unincorporated community of Valley Park, Issaquena County, Mississippi, U.S.A., near coordinates 32.636969°N 90.836339°W.	Aden Site	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ruhlander Schwarzwasser is a left-hand tributary of the Schwarze Elster in the east German states of Brandenburg and Saxony.	Ruhlander Schwarzwasser	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYMX (99.1 FM) is a classic hits formatted radio station licensed to Greenwood, Mississippi, USA.	WYMX	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Felicity-Franklin High School is public a high school in Felicity, Ohio.	Felicity-Franklin High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eybakabad (Persian: ايبك اباد‎, also Romanized as Eybakābād) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Eybakabad	Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Littlefield Municipal Airport (ICAO: KLIU, FAA LID: LIU) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Littlefield, a city in Lamb County, Texas, United States.	Littlefield Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acquedolci (Sicilian: Acquaduci) is an Italian town and comune in the Province of Messina in Sicily.	Acquedolci	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Didar (Persian: ديدار‎, also Romanized as Dīdār) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District, Central District, Avaj County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Didar	Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wawrzka (ˈvafʂka) (Ukrainian: Вафка, Vafka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grybów, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wawrzka	Gmina Grybów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santee Boulders is a rock outcropping and recreational rock climbing area in the northern section of Santee, California.	Santee Boulders	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Las Cienegas National Conservation Area is a National Conservation Area of Arizona, located in the transitional zone between the Sonoran Desert and the Chihuahuan Desert.	Las Cienegas National Conservation Area	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otfinów (ɔtˈfinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabno, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Otfinów	Gmina Żabno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caehopkin (Welsh: Caehopcyn) is a village in Powys, Wales.	Caehopkin	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmavar (Persian: گرماور‎, also Romanized as Garmāvar) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Garmavar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohnush (Persian: كهنوش‎, also Romanized as Kohnūsh; also known as Kūh-ī-Nūsh and Kūh Nūsh) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kohnush	Khorram Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Dwór Prudnicki (ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur prudˈnit͡ski) (German Neuhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krapkowice, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowy Dwór Prudnicki	Gmina Krapkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Equidome is a 3,500-seat indoor arena located in Burbank, California, as part of the Los Angeles Equestrian Center.	Equidome	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbcze (ˈdɔmpt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rydzyna, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dąbcze	Gmina Rydzyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Brighton was a local government area about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	City of Brighton	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trillium Circle is the name of an outdoor shopping center which, as of mid-2008, is under construction outside the city of Grand Blanc, a suburb of Flint, Michigan, USA.	Trillium Circle	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friendship Heights is a residential neighborhood in northwest Washington, D.C. and southern Montgomery County, Maryland.	Friendship Heights	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastside Locks (originally known as Ventureast) is a major mixed-use development in the Eastside area of Birmingham, England.	Eastside Locks	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eugene Ashley High School is a high school just outside Wilmington, North Carolina, located in the New Hanover County School District.	Eugene Ashley High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUAL-FM (103.5 FM; ``Cool 103.5'') is a radio station licensed to Brainerd, Minnesota, USA.	KUAL-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalhorabad (Persian: كلهر آباد‎, also Romanized as Kalhorābād; also known as Kalhūrābād and Khalrāwa) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Shomali Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kalhorabad	Hoseynabad-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zekiah Swamp is part of the Potomac River basin in Charles County, Maryland in the United States.	Zekiah Swamp	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bank of Nolensville is a two-story brick building in Nolensville, Tennessee, United States, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.	Bank of Nolensville	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guarda Veneta is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Rovigo in the Italian region of Veneto, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Venice and about 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Rovigo.	Guarda Veneta	Province of Rovigo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goldfields-Esperance region is one of the nine regions of Western Australia.	Goldfields-Esperance	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khodaqoli Qeshlaq (Persian: خداقلي قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Khodāqolī Qeshlāq; also known as Khodā ``Alī Qeshlāq) is a village in Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 4 families.	Khodaqoli Qeshlaq	Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zawisze (zaˈviʂɛ) (German: Sawische) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Zawisze	Gmina Skąpe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potomac Gardens, known to some of its residents as ``The Gardens'', is a housing project located at 1225 G Street SE, in Capitol Hill, Southeast, Washington, D.C., thirteen blocks to the southeast of the United States Capitol building.	Potomac Gardens	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Housatonic Museum of Art is a museum at Housatonic Community College in Bridgeport, Connecticut.	Housatonic Museum of Art	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miramichi Airport (IATA: YCH, ICAO: CYCH) is located 1.6 nautical miles (3.0 km; 1.8 mi) south of Miramichi, New Brunswick, Canada.	Miramichi Airport	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Island Shrine, near Colusa, California, was built in 1883.	Grand Island Shrine	Colusa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oosterleek is a village in the municipality of Drechterland, in the Dutch province North Holland.	Oosterleek	Drechterland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mattice-Val Côté is an incorporated township in Cochrane District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Mattice-Val Côté	Cochrane District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nangao Township (Chinese: 南高乡) is a township-level division of Luancheng County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Nangao Township	Luancheng County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flint Creek Power Plant is a base load, coal fired, electrical power station located west of Gentry, Arkansas in Benton County, Arkansas.	Flint Creek Power Plant	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Michael, Cornhill, is a medieval parish church in the City of London with pre-Norman Conquest parochial foundation.	St Michael, Cornhill	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madison Street Historic District in Clarksville, Tennessee is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.	Madison Street Historic District	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinthalatana or Chinthaltana is a village in Sircilla mandal, Karimnagar district, Telangana state, India.	Chinthalatana	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haight Street Grounds was one of San Francisco's earliest baseball parks.	Haight Street Grounds	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Poshteh (Persian: ميان پشته‎, also Romanized as Mīān Poshteh) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mian Poshteh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar-e Shaveh (Persian: حصارشاوه‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Shāveh and Ḩeşār Shāveh) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Shaveh	Nabovat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabriz Khatun (Persian: تبريزخاتون‎, also Romanized as Tabrīz Khātūn) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tabriz Khatun	Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vranov nad Topľou District (Slovak: okres Vranov nad Topľou) is a district in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Vranov nad Topľou District	Prešov Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmond Medical Center also known as Kaiser Richmond, Kaiser Foundation Hospital Richmond and RMC is a large Kaiser Permanente hospital in downtown Richmond, California which serves 77,000 members registered under its medical plans.	Richmond Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borek Szlachecki (ˈbɔrɛk ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Borek Szlachecki	Gmina Skawina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located on Grand Island, Michigan offshore from Munising, Michigan, the Grand Island National Recreation Area covers approximately 13,500 acres (55 km2) of Lake Superior woodland.	Grand Island National Recreation Area	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitlock Valley is a small valley in southeast Arizona, USA, lying between three mountain ranges.	Whitlock Valley	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dryhill is a small hamlet in the Sevenoaks District, in the county of Kent.	Dryhill	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baoguo Temple (Chinese: 保国寺; pinyin: Bǎoguósì) is a Mahayana Buddhist temple located in the Jiangbei district, 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north of Ningbo, in Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China.	Baoguo Temple	Ningbo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nubi Gewog (Dzongkha: ནུ་སྦིས་) is a gewog (village block) of Trongsa District, Bhutan.	Nubi Gewog	Trongsa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusatai-ye Belal (Persian: روستاي بلال‎, also Romanized as Rūsatāī-ye Belāl) is a village in Kongor Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Rusatai-ye Belal	Kongor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schafreuter or Schafreiter is a mountain at the border Bavaria, Germany and Tirol, Austria in the Karwendel range.	Schafreuter	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEAX (88.3 FM, ``88.3 The X'') is the noncommercial education radio voice of Trine University in Angola, Indiana.	WEAX	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muratyn (muˈratɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Muratyn	Gmina Łaszczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panabá Municipality is one of the 106 municipalities in the state of Yucatán, Mexico.	Panabá Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hilton Head Christian Academy (HHCA) is a private college preparatory school for grades Kindergarten through 12th grade, located in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, United States.	Hilton Head Christian Academy	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Stefano in Vairano is a frazione in Crema, Italy.	Santo Stefano in Vairano	Crema
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pankritio Stadium (Greek: Παγκρήτιο Στάδιο, Pagkritio Stadio literally:Pancretan Stadium) is a sports stadium located in Heraklion on the island of Crete.	Pankritio Stadium	Heraklion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shengang District (Chinese: 神岡區; pinyin: Shéngāng Qū) is a rural district in northwest Taichung City, Taiwan.	Shengang District	Taichung
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunfish Creek State Forest is a state forest in Monroe County, Ohio, United States.	Sunfish Creek State Forest	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakheh (Persian: شاخه‎, also Romanized as Shākheh) is a village in Abu Ghoveyr Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Shakheh	Abu Ghoveyr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stafford Lake County Park is a park in the Marin County, California parks system, managed by the Marin County Department of Parks and Open Space.	Stafford Lake County Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo dei Consoli is a medieval building in Gubbio, Umbria, central Italy.	Palazzo dei Consoli	Gubbio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalaiya is a municipality and headquarters of Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Kalaiya	Bara District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tirrenia is a frazione (parish) of Pisa, Italy with a population of 3,112 inhabitants.	Tirrenia	Pisa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pålsbufjorden is a lake in the municipalities of Hol and Nore og Uvdal, both in Buskerud County, Norway.	Pålsbufjorden	Hol	Nore og Uvdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Borgu Local Government Area is an administrative region in Niger State, Nigeria, one of 25 Local Government Areas (LGAs) in that state, with headquarters in the town of New Bussa.	Borgu Local Government Area	Niger State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Tu Nem Nemi (Persian: دره تونم نمي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Tū Nem Nemī; also known as Darreh Nem Nemī and Darreh Nemnemī) is a village in Abolfares Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Tu Nem Nemi	Abolfares Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mountain View Oil Field is a large, mature, but still-productive oil field in Kern County, California, in the United States, in the extreme southern part of the San Joaquin Valley southeast of Bakersfield.	Mountain View Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thunderbird Stadium is an outdoor stadium on the University Endowment Lands in British Columbia, Canada.	Thunderbird Stadium	University Endowment Lands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christinehof Castle (Swedish: Christinehofs slott) is a castle in Tomelilla Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Christinehof Castle	Tomelilla Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glisan Glacier is an alpine glacier located on the northwest slope of Mount Hood in the US state of Oregon.	Glisan Glacier	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łanowe Sołtysy (waˈnɔvɛ sɔu̯ˈtɨsɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łanowe Sołtysy	Gmina Tarnawatka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Independent School District of Boise City, commonly known as the Boise School District, is a comprehensive public school district in Boise, Idaho.	Boise School District	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Rosedale was a local government area stretching between the towns of Traralgon and Sale in the Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Rosedale	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay Bridge Airport (FAA LID: W29) is a county-owned public-use airport located in Stevensville, Maryland.	Bay Bridge Airport	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enguinegatte (Dutch: Ingwinegate) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Enguinegatte	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lafur Rural District (Persian: دهستان لفور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lafur Rural District	Shirgah District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tatahuicapan de Juárez or Tatahuicapan is a municipality located in the south-east of the state of Veracruz in Mexico at 18°15′N 94°46′W. It was created in 1997 with an area of 208.06 km2.	Tatahuicapan	Veracruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton Hartshorn is a civil parish about 4 miles (6.4 km) southwest of Buckingham in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire.	Barton Hartshorn	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ames Manufacturing Company has its origins in a factory established in 1774 in Chelmsford, Massachusetts by John Ames, a blacksmith.	Ames Manufacturing Company	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadekan-e Shafi Mohammad (Persian: ندکان شفيع محمد‎, also Romanized as Nadekān-e Shafī`` Moḩammad) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 11 families.	Nadekan-e Shafi Mohammad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cybulice (t͡sɨbuˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Cybulice	Gmina Czosnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franklin Correctional Facility is a medium security state prison in Franklin County, New York, USA.	Franklin Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ruan Center is a high rise located in Des Moines, Iowa.	Ruan Center	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cathédrale du Sacré-Cœur d'Alger is a cathedral in Algiers, Algeria.	Cathédrale du Sacré-Cœur d'Alger	Algiers
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copper Beech Manor is a historic building in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania that is now a five room bed and breakfast.	Copper Beech Manor	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central City Parkway is a four-lane highway in Colorado, running from I-70 near Idaho Springs to the historic mining town and gambling area of Central City.	Central City Parkway	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brusino Arsizio is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland on the Lake of Lugano.	Brusino Arsizio	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Farnum Block was an historic commercial building located at 1 Main Street, in Uxbridge, Massachusetts.	Farnum Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thetis Lake is a name that refers to two freshwater lakes (Upper and Lower Thetis) connected by a narrow culvert in the 834-hectare (2,060-acre) Thetis Lake Regional Park outside Victoria, British Columbia, about 12 km (7.5 mi) from the city centre.	Thetis Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korai-ye Sofla (Persian: كرايي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Korā’ī-ye Soflā and Kara’i Sofla; also known as Korāhi Soflā, Korāhī-ye Soflā, and Korā’ī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Korai-ye Sofla	Shahid Modarres Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qingtong (Chinese: 青同镇) is a township-level division of Lingshou County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Qingtong	Lingshou County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Godar (Persian: ده گدار‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Godār) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Godar	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirrawee High School is a comprehensive co-educational high school located in Kirrawee, New South Wales, Australia, adjacent to the Royal National Park.	Kirrawee High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	On January 1, 1964 Fåberg was incorporated into the neighboring municipality Lillehammer.	Fåberg	Lillehammer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Gralewo (ˈnɔvɛ ɡraˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Gralewo	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Treshnish Isles is an archipelago of small islands and skerries, lying west of Mull, in Scotland.	Treshnish Isles	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bišče (pronounced (ˈbiːʃtʃɛ)) is a settlement on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Bišče	Domžale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domarady (dɔmaˈradɨ) (German Dompendehl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Domarady	Gmina Sępopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damqanat (Persian: دم قنات‎, also Romanized as Damqanāt) is a former village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Damqanat	Hamaijan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mifflin County Airport (IATA: RED, ICAO: KRVL, FAA LID: RVL) is a public airport in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania.	Mifflin County Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mendonk is a village in the Belgian Province of East-Flanders, a part of the urban area of the province's capital city Ghent.	Mendonk	Ghent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Escalante Elementary School is an elementary school that serves students in Kindergarten through sixth grade in the Rose Park neighborhood of Salt Lake City, Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah, United States, as part of the Salt Lake City School District.	Escalante Elementary School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willow Bunch Airport, (TC LID: CKZ2), was located 1 NM (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northwest of Willow Bunch, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Willow Bunch Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTUG-FM (92.9 FM) is a radio station serving the Tuscaloosa, Alabama, vicinity with an Urban Adult Contemporary format.	WTUG-FM	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Lay Tajan (Persian: حسين ابادلاي تجن‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Lāy Tajan; also known as Ḩoseynābād and ''oseynābād) is a village in Kezab Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Lay Tajan	Kezab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Ayrshire (Scots: Aest Ayrshire, Scottish Gaelic: Siorrachd Inbhir Àir an Ear) is one of thirty-two council areas of Scotland.	East Ayrshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magnetawan is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario, as well as the name of the primary population centre in the township.	Magnetawan	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warszkajty (varʂˈkai̯tɨ) (German: Warschkeiten) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, directly at the border to the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Warszkajty	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hengdong County (simplified Chinese: 衡东县; traditional Chinese: 衡東縣; pinyin: Héngdōng xiàn; literally: ``Heng(yang) east'') is under the administration of Hengyang, Hunan province, China.	Hengdong County	Hengyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahiz (Persian: رهيز‎, also Romanized as Rahīz) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Rahiz	Padena-ye Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meredith Brook is a tributary of the Lackawanna River in Susquehanna County, Lackawanna County, and Wayne County, in Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Meredith Brook	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frechas is a Portuguese civil parish, located in the municipality of Mirandela, in the district of Bragança.	Frechas	Mirandela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dujman (Persian: دوجمان‎, also Romanized as Dūjmān) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Dujman	Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llano Municipal Airport (ICAO: KAQO, FAA LID: AQO) is a public airport located two miles (3 km) northeast of the central business district of Llano, a city in Llano County, Texas, United States.	Llano Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rustai-ye Shahid Bahonar (Persian: روستاي شهيدباهنر‎, also Romanized as Rūstāī-ye Shahīd Bāhonar) is a village in Shapur Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rustai-ye Shahid Bahonar	Shapur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plumsted Township School District is a comprehensive community public school district that educates students in Kindergarten though twelfth grade (in addition to special education students in pre-kindergarten) from Plumsted Township, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Plumsted Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallaj Mahalleh (Persian: حلاج محله‎, also Romanized as Ḩallāj Maḩalleh) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hallaj Mahalleh	Gurab Pas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cawarong (Tibetan: ཚ་བ་རོང་།, Wylie: tsha ba rong, ZYPY: Cawarong; Chinese: 察瓦龙; pinyin: Cháwǎlóng) is a village (村) in Zayü County, Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Cawarong	Zayü County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gannavaram is a neighbourhood of the city of Vijayawada, located in Krishna district of the Indian state Andhra Pradesh.	Gannavaram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skorków (ˈskɔrkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Skorków	Gmina Krasocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hylan Boulevard is a major northeast-southwest boulevard in the New York City borough of Staten Island.	Hylan Boulevard	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sverdlovsk Oblast (Свердло́вская о́бласть, Sverdlovskaya oblast) is a federal subject (an oblast) of Russia located in the Urals Federal District.	Sverdlovsk Oblast	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilthorne Domer is a village and parish in Somerset, England, situated 4 miles (6.4 km) north west of Yeovil in the South Somerset district.	Chilthorne Domer	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albany Park Library is a branch of the Chicago Public Library located at 3401 W. Foster Ave. in the North Park neighborhood of Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois.	Albany Park Library	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Podole (ˈnɔvɛ pɔˈdɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilga, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Podole	Gmina Wilga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badiyeh-ye Do (Persian: باديه دو‎, also Romanized as Bādīyeh-ye Do) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Badiyeh-ye Do	Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanfree is a community/village in Bolsover (district), county of Derbyshire, consisting of a couple of rows of terraced cottages, lying halfway between Shuttlewood and Clowne.	Stanfree	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madiseh (Persian: مديسه‎, also Romanized as Madīseh; also known as Qal``eh Sādāt) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,647, in 384 families.	Madiseh	Khorram Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Don Lands are the site of a neighbourhood under construction in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	West Don Lands	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Međuselje (Serbian: Међусеље) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Međuselje	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McGuire Nuclear Station is a nuclear power plant located about 17 miles (27 km) northwest of Charlotte, North Carolina, on the state's largest lake, Lake Norman.	McGuire Nuclear Station	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marcel Colomb First Nation - (MCFN) Band #328 is a First Nations tribe aka Band, of approximately 417 Registered Rocky Cree people (Maškēkowak / nēhinawak) located in the area of Lynn Lake, Manitoba.	Marcel Colomb First Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monchique Islet (Portuguese: Ilhéu de Monchique) is a small islet, west of the village of Fajã Grande, off the coast of the island of Flores, in the western part of the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Monchique Islet	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pezinok District (okres Pezinok) is a district in the Bratislava Region of western Slovakia The district had been established in 1996, from 1923 was its area part of Modra District.	Pezinok District	Bratislava Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hornbine School is a historic one-room schoolhouse at 144 Hornbine Road in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.	Hornbine School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szewo (ˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Szewo	Gmina Lubień Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Washington Memorial Park is located at the center of Jackson, Wyoming.	George Washington Memorial Park	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perili Köşk (originally known as the Yusuf Ziya Pasha Mansion and currently housing the headquarters of Borusan Holding and the Borusan Contemporary art museum) is a historical monument at the Rumelihisarı neighbourhood of the Sarıyer district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Perili Köşk	Rumelihisarı
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheraton on the Falls is a 22-story Fallsview hotel located within Falls Avenue Resort in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.	Sheraton on the Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henclová (Hungarian: Henclófalva) is a village and municipality in the Gelnica District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Henclová	Gelnica District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avalon Music is a historic three-story red brick building in Rochester, Minnesota.	Avalon Music	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doucoumbo or Doucombo is a village and rural commune in the Bandiagara Cercle of the Mopti Region of Mali.	Doucoumbo	Mopti Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jean Sturm Gymnasium is a private Protestant school in Strasbourg, teaching children from the third year of secondary education through to the Baccalaureat.	Jean Sturm Gymnasium	Strasbourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward H. White II Museum of Aerospace Medicine was a museum of the United States Air Force and was located in Hangar 9 at Brooks Air Force Base, San Antonio, Texas.	Museum of Aerospace Medicine	San Antonio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canadian Automotive Museum is an automobile museum located in Oshawa, Ontario.	Canadian Automotive Museum	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kożuszki-Parcel (kɔˈʐuʂki ˈpart͡sɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kożuszki-Parcel	Gmina Sochaczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John E. Jaqua Center for Student Athletes is a learning center for University of Oregon NCAA student-athletes.	John E. Jaqua Center for Student Athletes	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehui (Chinese: 德惠; pinyin: Déhuì) is a county-level city under the jurisdiction of Changchun, the capital of Jilin province, People's Republic of China, located in the middle of the Songliao Plain.	Dehui	Changchun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludmierzyce (ludmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Ludmierzyce	Gmina Kietrz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission La Purisima Concepción, or La Purisima Mission (originally La Misión de La Purísima Concepción de la Santísima Virgen María, or The Mission of the Immaculate Conception of the Most Blessed Virgin Mary) is a Spanish mission in Lompoc, California.	La Purisima Mission	Lompoc	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parvin Langeh (Persian: پروين لنگه‎, also Romanized as Parvīn Langeh) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Parvin Langeh	Shabkhus Lat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forillon National Park, one of 42 national parks and park reserves across Canada, is located at the outer tip of the Gaspé Peninsula of Quebec and covers 244 km2 (94 sq mi).	Forillon National Park	Gaspé
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyjazd (ˈvɨjast) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wyjazd	Gmina Sochaczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deengarh is a village under Sangaria Tahsil in Hanumangarh District, Rajasthan, India.	Deengarh	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Maleki (Persian: علي اباد مالكي‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Māleḵī) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 9 families.	Aliabad-e Maleki	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taiyafeh-ye Shirzadi (Persian: طايفه شيرزادي‎, also Romanized as Ţāīyafeh-ye Shīrzādī; also known as Karkūshk-e Shīrzādī, Shīrzādī, and Taqī Shīrzādī) is a village in Cheleh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Taiyafeh-ye Shirzadi	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasterzyce (pastɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pasterzyce	Gmina Żórawina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Stevens Creek Falls is a waterfall in the Mount Rainier National Park in Pierce County, Washington.	Upper Stevens Creek Falls	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helena Regional Airport (IATA: HLN, ICAO: KHLN, FAA LID: HLN) is a public airport two miles northeast of Helena, in Lewis and Clark County, Montana.	Helena Regional Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Russian Orthodox Cathedral of the Transfiguration of Our Lord is a historic Russian Orthodox cathedral at 228 N. 12th Street in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Russian Orthodox Cathedral of the Transfiguration of Our Lord	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Bookham is a small, historic village in Surrey, England, located between Great Bookham and Effingham.	Little Bookham	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Presidents Park is an oceanfront park in the town of Long Branch, New Jersey, USA, maintained by the Monmouth County Park System.	Seven Presidents Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Terror Lake Hydroelectric Generating Station is the principal power plant for Kodiak Island, Alaska.	Terror Lake Hydroelectric Generating Station	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Withielgoose or Withel-goose is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, UK.	Withielgoose	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeppoon is a coastal town and locality in the Shire of Livingstone, Central Queensland, Australia.	Yeppoon	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carr Manor is a Victorian grade II listed house in Meanwood, Leeds, England, designed by Edward Schroeder Prior and built for Thomas Clifford Allbutt M.D. (1836--1925).	Carr Manor	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Städel, officially the Städelsches Kunstinstitut und Städtische Galerie, is an art museum in Frankfurt am Main, with one of the most important collections in Germany.	Städel	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Susan B. Anthony House, in Rochester, New York, was the home of Susan B. Anthony for forty years, while she was a national figure in the women's rights movement.	Susan B. Anthony House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tonowo (tɔˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Tonowo	Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jinchang District (simplified Chinese: 金阊区; traditional Chinese: 金閶區; pinyin: Jīnchāng Qū) is a former district of Suzhou in Jiangsu Province.	Jinchang District	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbijewo-Kolonia (zbiˈjɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedecz, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zbijewo-Kolonia	Gmina Przedecz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bura Sara (Persian: بوراسرا‎, also Romanized as Būrā Sarā; also known as Booneh Sara, Būrah Sarā, Bura Sarāi, Būr Sarā, and Maḩalleh-ye Būrsarā) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bura Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graben-Neudorf station is the focal point of the town of Graben-Neudorf in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Graben-Neudorf station	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Desert View Tower is located on Interstate 8, near Jacumba and Ocotillo, in western Imperial County, Southern California.	Desert View Tower	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baptist Parsonage, also known as Archbell House, is a historic Baptist church parsonage located at 211 S. McLewean Street in Kinston, Lenoir County, North Carolina.	Baptist Parsonage	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hartley Building is a historic office building at 740 East Superior Street in Duluth, Minnesota, United States.	Hartley Building	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles A. Lindbergh State Park is a 569 acre (2.3 km²) Minnesota state park on the outskirts of Little Falls.	Charles A. Lindbergh State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ha Ling Peak is a peak at the northwestern end of Mount Lawrence Grassi -- a mountain located immediately south of the town of Canmore just east of the Spray Lakes road in Alberta's Canadian Rockies.	Ha Ling Peak	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Apollo Theatre is a Grade II listed West End theatre, on Shaftesbury Avenue in the City of Westminster, in central London.	Apollo Theatre	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendelan (Persian: هندلان‎, also Romanized as Hendelān) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hendelan	Kandovan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colindale is an area which lies mainly within the London Borough of Barnet, although the western side of Colindale's main shopping street is within the London Borough of Brent.	Colindale	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Moffett is a mountainous stratovolcano that forms the summit of Adak Island of the Aleutian Islands in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Mount Moffett	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henllanfallteg (Welsh: Henllan Fallteg) is a community located in the west of Carmarthenshire, Wales.	Henllanfallteg	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Uni-Trade Stadium is a baseball ballpark in Laredo, Texas.	Uni-Trade Stadium	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miles City Main Post Office located at 106 N. Seventh St. in Miles City, Montana, is a historic post office building.	Miles City Main Post Office	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Monir (Persian: امامزاده منير‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Monīr and Emāmzādehmonīr) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Monir	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pagodar-e Badvar (Persian: پاگداربادور‎, also Romanized as Pāgodār-e Bādvar) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pagodar-e Badvar	Mian Rokh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moczydły-Jakubowięta (mɔˈt͡ʂɨdwɨ jakubɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Moczydły-Jakubowięta	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trembleur Lake is a lake in the Omineca Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, northwest of Fort St. James between Stuart Lake and the south end of Takla Lake.	Trembleur Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iona (Scottish Gaelic: Ì Chaluim Chille) is a small island in the Inner Hebrides off the Ross of Mull on the western coast of Scotland.	Iona	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walter M. Williams High School, one of the flagship schools of the Alamance-Burlington School System, is a high school (grades 9--12) in Burlington, North Carolina.	Walter M. Williams High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claremont Canyon Regional Preserve is a small regional park mainly located in the city of Oakland, California, and administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.	Claremont Canyon Regional Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cripplesease is a hamlet in the parish of Ludgvan, Cornwall, England.	Cripplesease	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place Sathonay is a square located in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon, France, at the bottom of hill of La Croix-Rousse, in La Martinière quarter.	Place Sathonay	1st arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wheeling Historic District, also known as the Wheeling Central Business District, is a national historic district located at Wheeling, Ohio County, West Virginia.	Wheeling Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilbane's Service Center Building is an historic automotive service station at 175-191 Pawtucket Avenue in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.	Gilbane's Service Center Building	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lovington High School is the public senior high school of Lovington, New Mexico.	Lovington High School	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Charlotte High School (also called Dub-C or WC) is a comprehensive high school in west Charlotte, near Beatties Ford Road in Charlotte, North Carolina.	West Charlotte High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fatehpur Jattan is a village in the Bassi Pathana block in Fatehgarh Sahib District in the Indian state of Punjab.	Fatehpur Jattan	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Comagena was a fortified Roman camp on the Danube, on the site of the modern town of Tulln on the Danube in Lower Austria, Austria.	Comagena	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belmopan is located in Cayo District at an altitude of 76 metres (249 feet) above sea level.	Belmopan	Cayo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blessings Garden is a building in Hong Kong that has 2 phases (parts).	Blessings Garden	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goleniów County (Polish: powiat goleniowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland.	Goleniów County	West Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alta Vista Ward (Ward 18) is a city ward in the city of Ottawa, Canada represented on Ottawa City Council.	Alta Vista Ward	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Bouges is an 18th-century mansion in the town of Bouges-le-Château, in the Indre département of France, in the Loire Valley.	Château de Bouges	Bouges-le-Château
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel Thompson and John Ryle Houses, are located in Paterson, Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.	Daniel Thompson and John Ryle Houses	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samé or Samé Diomgoma is a village and commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Samé	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shayta, also spelled Suhayta, S'heita or Su’heita, was a Syrian village located in the Golan Heights.	Shayta	Golan Heights
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saravak (Persian: سراوك‎, also Romanized as Sarāvak; also known as Sarābak) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Saravak	Khorram Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alsunga (also Alšvanga, German: Alschwangen) is a village in Alsunga Municipality, Latvia.	Alsunga	Latvia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangenny is a small hamlet in the Brecon Beacons National Park in southern Powys, Wales.	Llangenny	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shangri-La Speedway was a speedway in Owego, New York.	Shangri-La Speedway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahoba district (Hindi: महोबा जिला) is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India and Mahoba town is the district headquarters.	Mahoba district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Severn Bridge Junction is the area of railway lines just south of Shrewsbury railway station, in Shropshire, England.	Severn Bridge Junction	Shrewsbury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pardangun (Persian: پردن گون‎, also Romanized as Pardangūn; also known as Pardangān) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pardangun	Birun Bashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunday Breakfast Mission, in Wilmington, Delaware, was established in 1893 to provide homeless men with a meal and a place to worship on Sunday.	Sunday Breakfast Mission	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przybiernówko (pʂɨbjɛrˈnufkɔ) (German: Deutsch Pribbernow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Przybiernówko	Gmina Gryfice
located in the administrative territorial entity	India Square, also known as ``Little India'' or Little Bombay, home to the highest concentration of Asian Indians in the Western Hemisphere, is a rapidly growing Indian American ethnic enclave in Jersey City, New Jersey, USA, in the New York City Metropolitan Area.	India Square	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moaf Amandan (Persian: معاف امندان‎, also Romanized as Mo``āf Amandān) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 211, in 72 families.	Moaf Amandan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobovek (pronounced (bɔˈbɔːʋək) or (bɔˈboːʋək)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Bobovek	Kranj
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moses H. Cone Memorial Park is a country estate in honor of Moses H. Cone in Blowing Rock, North Carolina.	Moses H. Cone Memorial Park	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Billesdon is a village and civil parish in the Harborough district of Leicestershire, England, with a population of 745 according to the 2001 census.	Billesdon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrucowa (dɔbruˈt͡sɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Dobrucowa	Gmina Tarnowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Germantown Grammar School, also known as Lafayette Grammar School and Opportunities Industrial Center, Inc., are two historic school buildings located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Germantown Grammar School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mafi Kandi (Persian: مافي كندي‎, also Romanized as Māfī Kandī) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mafi Kandi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oriximiná is the westernmost and second largest (by territorial area) city in the Brazilian state of Pará.	Oriximiná	Pará
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Geierköpfe form a triple-summited mountain massif in the Ammergau Alps in Tyrol, Austria.	Geierköpfe	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buczyno-Mikosy (buˈt͡ʂɨnɔ miˈkɔsɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Buczyno-Mikosy	Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward Loranger House is a private residence located at 7211 South Stoney Creek Road in Frenchtown Charter Township in Monroe County, Michigan.	Edward Loranger House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palaverikadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.It has surrounded by nearby villages Athivetti, Kalyanaoodai, Krishnapuram,Parakalakottai,Odhiyadikadu.	Palaverikadu	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Brown University (JBU) is a private, interdenominational, Christian liberal arts college in Siloam Springs, in the U.S. state of Arkansas.	John Brown University	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarke University is a four-year liberal arts college located in Dubuque, Iowa, United States, affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church in the Archdiocese of Dubuque.	Clarke University	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żyznów (ˈʐɨznuf) (Ukrainian: Жизнів, Zhyzniv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Żyznów	Gmina Strzyżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh-ye Mohnu (Persian: پشته مهنو‎, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Mohnū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Poshteh-ye Mohnu	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KADL (102.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Oldies format that is licensed to Imperial, Nebraska, USA.	KADL	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiger Bay (Welsh: Bae Teigr) was the local name for an area of Cardiff which covered Butetown and Cardiff Docks.	Tiger Bay	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centennial Watershed State Forest is a Connecticut state forest of more than 15,000 acres with larger parcels located in the towns of Easton, Newtown, Redding, and Weston.	Centennial Watershed State Forest	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sychdyn (Soughton in English, is its original Saxon name, meaning South Town) is a village in Flintshire, Wales.	Sychdyn	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	PRR 460, nicknamed the ``Lindbergh Engine'', is a Pennsylvania Railroad E6s steam locomotive now located in the Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania, outside of Strasburg, Pennsylvania in the United States.	PRR 460	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winna-Wypychy (ˈvinna vɨˈpɨxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Winna-Wypychy	Gmina Ciechanowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stegne (pronounced (ˈstəɡnɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Stegne	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles Hammond House is one of the oldest residences in North Augusta, South Carolina.	Charles Hammond House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sexton, Iowa was a city in Irvington Township, Kossuth County, Iowa, United States.	Sexton, Iowa	Kossuth County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamień-Słubice (ˈkamjɛɲ swuˈbit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kamień-Słubice	Gmina Gąbin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuleszewo (kulɛˈʂɛvɔ) (German Kulsow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kuleszewo	Gmina Kobylnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bisheh Bozan (Persian: بيشه بزان‎, also Romanized as Bīsheh Bozān) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bisheh Bozan	Shahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puroniitty (Finnish), Bäckängen (Swedish) is a neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Puroniitty	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yateri Rural District (Persian: دهستان ياترئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District or Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Yateri Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The INB Performing Arts Center is a 2,700-seat theater and entertainment venue in Spokane, Washington.	INB Performing Arts Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Culion is a third class municipality in the province of Palawan, Philippines, consisting primarily of Culion Island as well as 41 minor surrounding islands.	Culion	Palawan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darzhgi (Persian: درژگي‎, also Romanized as Darzhgī; also known as Darjgī and Darzhkī) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Darzhgi	Isin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Calumet County Courthouse, built in 1913, is an historic copper-domed county courthouse building located at 206 Court St in Chilton, Wisconsin.	Calumet County Courthouse	Chilton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saunders School, located at 415 North 41st Avenue in the Midtown area of Omaha, Nebraska, USA, was declared a landmark by the City of Omaha in 1985, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.	Saunders School	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mantripalem is a village in Nagaram Mandal, Guntur District of Telugu speaking state Andhra Pradesh, India.	Mantripalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandurbazar is a town governed by a municipal council in Amravati district in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Chandurbazar	Amravati district
located in the administrative territorial entity	University of Rajasthan (Hindi: राजस्थान विश्वविद्यालय) is a public and state university and one of the oldest university in the Indian state Rajasthan, located in the city Jaipur.	University of Rajasthan	Jaipur
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Smyrna Speedway is an asphalt track that is 0.48 of a mile in length, located near New Smyrna Beach, Florida, that races Florida Association of Stock Car Automobile Racing (FASCAR) stock cars every Saturday night.	New Smyrna Speedway	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUUU (92.5 FM) is a Rhythmic Top 40 formatted radio station broadcasting to the Salt Lake City-Ogden-Provo, Utah metropolitan area.	KUUU	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verbolten is a Zierer multi-launching steel roller coaster that officially opened on May 18, 2012 at Busch Gardens Williamsburg in Williamsburg, Virginia after a soft opening began on Friday, May 11, 2012.	Verbolten	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humber Bay is a bay of Lake Ontario south of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Humber Bay	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amirabad, Corrin (Persian: امیرآباد‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Amirabad, Corrin	Corrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Soldiers' Home is an Italianate style house in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Soldiers' Home	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rashang is a town, and one of twenty union councils in Battagram District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.	Rashang	Battagram District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Ornam & Murdock Block, also known as Lee House Block, is a historic commercial block located at Port Henry in Essex County, New York.	Van Ornam & Murdock Block	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chopovychi (Ukrainian: Чоповичі) is an urban-type settlement in Malyn Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Chopovychi	Malyn Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karchevan (Armenian: Կարճևան, also Romanized as Karchawan) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Karchevan	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Anna is one of the largest freshwater inland lakes in Virginia, covering an area of 13,000 acres (53 km²), and located 72 miles (116 km) south of Washington, D.C. in Louisa and Spotsylvania counties (and partially in Orange County at the northern tips).	Lake Anna	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pangili is a tiny and remote village in Rapur Taluk of Nellore District of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Pangili	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahva (Persian: كهوا‎, also Romanized as Kahvā) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kahva	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lathrop State Park is a Colorado state park located 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Walsenburg.	Lathrop State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jai Vilas Mahal (Hindi: जय विलास महल), also known as the Jai Vilas Palace), is a nineteenth-century palace in Gwalior, India.	Jai Vilas Mahal	Gwalior
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oxnard Transit Center, originally known as the Oxnard Transportation Center, is an intermodal transit center in historic downtown Oxnard, California.	Oxnard Transit Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maimun Palace or Maimoon Palace (Indonesian: Istana Maimun) is an istana (royal palace) of Sultanate of Deli and also a well-known landmark in Medan, the capital city of North Sumatra, Indonesia.	Maimun Palace	Medan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philippsthal (Werra) is a market community in Hersfeld-Rotenburg district in eastern Hesse, Germany, right at the boundary with Thuringia.	Philippsthal (Werra)	Hersfeld-Rotenburg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arborland Center is a shopping center located in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States.	Arborland Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aurora Quest K-8 is an alternative gifted magnet school for Aurora Public Schools in Colorado.	Aurora Quest K-8	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bünyan is a town and a district of Kayseri Province in Central Anatolia, Turkey.	Bünyan	Kayseri Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad Deris (Persian: احمداباددريس‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād Derīs; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad Deris	Deris Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Triennale di Milano is a design and art museum in the Parco Sempione in Milan, in Lombardy in northern Italy.	Triennale	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podarzewo (pɔdaˈʐɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Podarzewo	Gmina Pobiedziska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Bati (Persian: تازه ابادبطي‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Baţī and Tāzehābād Baţī) is a village in Cheleh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Bati	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humor Monastery located in Mănăstirea Humorului, about 5 km north of the town of Gura Humorului, Romania.	Humor Monastery	Gura Humorului
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zihuatanejo de Azueta is a municipality located on the Pacific coast in the western part of the Mexican state of Guerrero.	Zihuatanejo de Azueta	Guerrero
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Oaks Estate, the former Charles F. Park estate, is a historic estate located at Palisades in Rockland County, New York.	Seven Oaks Estate	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carraway Methodist Medical Center was a medical facility in Birmingham, Alabama founded as Carraway Infirmary in 1908 by Dr. Charles N. Carraway.	Carraway Methodist Medical Center	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sint Annaparochie is the principal and largest settlement of the municipality of Het Bildt in Friesland, the Netherlands.	Sint Annaparochie	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Trenton Railroad Bridge is a concrete arch bridge carrying the CSX and SEPTA West Trenton rail lines across the Delaware River between Lower Makefield Township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania and the West Trenton section of Ewing Township in Mercer County, New Jersey.	West Trenton Railroad Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horstmar is a German city, located in North Rhine-Westphalia in the Steinfurt district, approx. 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Münster.	Horstmar	Steinfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mary, Haggerston, was an Anglican parish church built to the designs of John Nash in 1827, in what is now the London Borough of Hackney.	St Mary, Haggerston	London Borough of Hackney
located in the administrative territorial entity	't Ganzenest was a restaurant located in Rijswijk, Netherlands.	't Ganzenest	Rijswijk
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWKA (92.3 FM) is the callsign of K92-3, a country radio station in Orlando, Florida.	WWKA	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasr-e Shirin (Kurdish: Qesirî Şîrîn, Persian: قصرشيرين‎; also Romanized as Qaşr-e Shīrīn and Qasr-ī-Shīrīn; also known as Ghasr-ī-shīrīn and Ghasr-shīrīn) is a city in and the capital of Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qasr-e Shirin	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pynn Heliport (FAA LID: 92OR) is a private Heliport located 1 mile northeast of West Linn in Clackamas County, Oregon, USA.	Pynn Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpine Ice Arena is an arena and recreational sport facility in Louisville, Kentucky.	Alpine Ice Arena	Louisville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swingate transmitting station is a facility for FM-transmission in the village of Swingate, near Dover, Kent (grid reference TR334429).	Swingate transmitting station	Dover
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zur Azema (Persian: زورازما‎, also Romanized as Zūr Āzemā and Zūrāzemā) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Zur Azema	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cole Chapel School is a historic school in Hartshorne, Oklahoma.	Cole Chapel School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oyne is a small village in rural Aberdeenshire at the bottom of Bennachie in Scotland.	Oyne	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Granby is the third largest body of water in Colorado.	Lake Granby	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kochlew (ˈkɔxlɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchlas, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kochlew	Gmina Wierzchlas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pętkowo (pɛntˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pętkowo	Gmina Środa Wielkopolska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uch Qui (Persian: اوچقوئي‎, also Romanized as Ūch Qū’ī) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Dashli Borun District, Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Uch Qui	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillarys Boat Harbour is a marina and tourist precinct located in Hillarys, north of Perth, Western Australia and on the Indian Ocean.	Hillarys Boat Harbour	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miedzierza (mjɛˈd͡ʑɛʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smyków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Miedzierza	Gmina Smyków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunster is a village, civil parish and former manor within the English county of Somerset, today just within the north-eastern boundary of the Exmoor National Park.	Dunster	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Miastkowska (ˈvɔla mjastˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Miastkowska	Gmina Miastków Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heinrich Germer Stadium is a stadium in the Magdeburg quarter of Sudenburg that is mostly used for hosting association football matches.	Heinrich Germer Stadium	Magdeburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reading Railroad Freight Station is a historic railroad freight station located at Lewisburg, Union County, Pennsylvania.	Reading Railroad Freight Station	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faniabad (Persian: فاني اباد‎, also Romanized as Fānīābād) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Faniabad	Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bursztynik (burʂˈtɨnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bursztynik	Gmina Przodkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dul Taher (Persian: دول طاهر‎, also Romanized as Dūl Ţāher) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dul Taher	Jastun Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeelst is a former village in the Dutch province of North Brabant, now a neighbourhood of Veldhoven.	Zeelst	Veldhoven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freedomland U.S.A. (usually called just Freedomland) was a short-lived, American history-themed amusement park in the Baychester area in the northeastern part of the borough of the Bronx in New York City.	Freedomland U.S.A.	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veinticinco de Mayo Partido (25 May) is a partido located in the centre-north of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.	Veinticinco de Mayo Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shringarpur is a small village in Ratnagiri district, Konkan, Maharashtra state, India.	Shringarpur	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bivanij Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيونيج‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bivanij Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West St Leonards railway station is on the main London - Tunbridge Wells - Hastings line in East Sussex, United Kingdom, and is one of four stations that serve Hastings.	West St Leonards railway station	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Khoda (Persian: باباخدا‎, also Romanized as Bābā Khodā) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Baba Khoda	Ahmadfedaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treznea (Hungarian: Ördögkút, lit. ``The Devil's Fountain''; German: Teufelsbrunnen) is a commune in Sălaj County, Romania.	Treznea	Sălaj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoboken Junior Senior High School is a six-year comprehensive public high school serving students in seventh through twelfth grades, located in Hoboken, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school of the Hoboken Public Schools.	Hoboken Junior Senior High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quidenham is a small rural village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.	Quidenham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Ali-ye Kiasoltan (Persian: سيدعلي كياسلطان‎, also Romanized as Seyyed ``Alī-ye Kīāsolţān) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,144, in 311 families.	Seyyed Ali-ye Kiasoltan	Kheyrud Kenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delaware Mine is located off U.S. Highway 41, 12 miles (19 km) in Grant Township, Keweenaw County, south of Copper Harbor, Michigan and is a Keweenaw Heritage Site.	Delaware Mine	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkland Medical Center is a hospital in Derry, New Hampshire with an urgent care center in Salem, New Hampshire.	Parkland Medical Center	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	King Street Station is a train station in Seattle, Washington, United States.	King Street Station	Seattle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veckatimest Island is one of the Elizabeth Islands, part of the town of Gosnold in Dukes County, Massachusetts, USA.	Veckatimest Island	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitley Court is a cluster of Spanish Colonial bungalows built from 1903 to 1919 just north of Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.	Whitley Court	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angenstein Castle (German: Schloss Angenstein or simply Angenstein) is a castle in the municipality of Duggingen in the canton of Basel-Land in Switzerland.	Angenstein Castle	Duggingen	Basel-Land
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darrah National Park in Rajasthan, India is a national park established in 2004 consisting of three wildlife sanctuaries in Rajasthan--	Darrah National Park	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Bend Rancheria of the Pit River Tribe (Achomawi) is located just north of Big Bend, in Shasta County, California.	Big Bend Rancheria	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diamond Park was a 1,500 seat baseball stadium located in Edmonton, Alberta.	Diamond Park	Edmonton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waalwijk is a city in North Brabant that lies between Tilburg and 's-Hertogenbosch.	Waalwijk	North Brabant
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salahvarzi (Persian: سلاحورزي‎‎, also Romanized as Salāḥvarzī and Salāvarzī) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Salahvarzi	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Rahim (Persian: چم رحيم‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Raḩīm) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Cham-e Rahim	Hendudur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łówcz Górny (ˈwuft͡ʂ ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łówcz Górny	Gmina Łęczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajaipur (Hindi: अजईपुर) is a village in Pindra Tehsil of Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Ajaipur	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadi-ye Olya (Persian: محمدي عليا‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadī-ye ``Olyā; also known as Moshayyeh) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 187, in 41 families.	Mohammadi-ye Olya	Heydariyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Chorzelowska (ˈvɔla xɔʐɛˈlɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielec, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Chorzelowska	Gmina Mielec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paszczyna (paʂˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Paszczyna	Gmina Dębica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyoming State Forest was the name of the Pennsylvania State Forest in Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry District #20.	Wyoming State Forest	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corsewall Lighthouse is a lighthouse at Corsewall Point, Kirkcolm near Stranraer in the region of Dumfries and Galloway in Scotland.	Corsewall Lighthouse	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ledinci (Serbian Cyrillic: Лединци), also known as Novi Ledinci (Serbian Cyrillic: Нови Лединци), is a village located in the Petrovaradin municipality, one of two municipalities of Novi Sad City, in Serbia.	Ledinci	Petrovaradin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grandad Bluff (also Granddad Bluff) is a mesa on the east side of La Crosse, Wisconsin.	Grandad Bluff	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	A gift for Findlay City School District from Otto D. Donnell, Donnell Stadium was the original dream of J.C. Donnell, president of the Ohio Oil Company.	Donnell Stadium	Findlay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince Edward County High School is a public high school located in Farmville community in Prince Edward County, Virginia.	Prince Edward County High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridgerland Applied Technology College is a post-secondary educational institution located in Logan, Utah.	Bridgerland Applied Technology College	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	On 1 January 2004 Zimmerwald united with the municipality of Englisberg to form the new municipality of Wald.	Zimmerwald	Wald
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Gir (Persian: بالاگير‎, also Romanized as Bālā Gīr) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District, Nalus District, Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bala Gir	Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Towhid (Persian: توحيد‎, also Romanized as Towḥīd) is a city in and the capital of Helilan District, in Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Towhid	Helilan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bergy Bridge Historic District is a national historic district located near Harleysville in Upper Salford Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Bergy Bridge Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Stang High School is a private Catholic high school located in North Dartmouth, Massachusetts, in the New England region of the United States.	Bishop Stang High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Mirza (Persian: دره ميرزا‎, also Romanized as Darreh Mīrzā) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Darreh Mirza	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lynn R. Lowrey Arboretum is an arboretum located across the campus of Rice University in Houston, Texas.	Lynn R. Lowrey Arboretum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quakake Tunnel (also known as the Meadow Tunnel or the Beaver Meadow Tunnel) is a mine drainage tunnel in Carbon County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Quakake Tunnel	Carbon County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maabatli (Arabic: معبطلي‎) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located northwest of Aleppo in the center of Afrin District.	Maabatli	Afrin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teddy's Tavern, originally called the Blue Hen Garage, is a historic tavern located at Ellendale, Sussex County, Delaware.	Teddy's Tavern	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vermont Marble Museum or Vermont Marble Exhibit is a museum commemorating the contributions of Vermont marble and the Vermont Marble Company, located in Proctor, Vermont, USA.	Vermont Marble Museum	Proctor, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blossom Music Center is an amphitheatre located in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio.	Blossom Music Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kebriyai (Persian: كبريائي‎, also Romanized as Kebrīyā’ī) is a village in Baharestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kebriyai	Baharestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hospital of Saint Raphael or Saint Raphael Hospital, located in New Haven, Connecticut, USA, was a 511-bed community teaching hospital founded by the Sisters of Charity of Saint Elizabeth in 1907.	Hospital of Saint Raphael	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pittock Mansion is a French Renaissance-style château in the West Hills of Portland, Oregon, USA.	Pittock Mansion	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klein Düngen is a village in the northern part of the borough of Bad Salzdetfurth in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Klein Düngen	Bad Salzdetfurth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gel Kheyl (Persian: گل خيل‎) is a village in Mehravan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gel Kheyl	Mehravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harlen C. Hunter Stadium, or Hunter Stadium, is an outdoor 7,450-seat multi-purpose stadium located in St. Charles, Missouri located on the campus of Lindenwood University.	Harlen C. Hunter Stadium	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 16 Mineral Street in Reading, Massachusetts is a well preserved Second Empire cottage.	House at 16 Mineral Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bagley-Bliss House, now the Royalsborough Inn, is an historic house at 1290 Royalsborough Road in Durham, Maine, United States.	Bagley-Bliss House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mukh Kampul District (Khmer: ស្រុកមុខកំពូល) is a district (srok) of Kandal Province, Cambodia.	Mukh Kampul District	Kandal Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahnuvate (Ukrainian: Багнувате, Polish: Bahnowate) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Bahnuvate	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treworga is a hamlet between the villages of Veryan and Ruan Lanihorne on the Roseland Peninsula in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Treworga	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camden Hills State Park is a publicly owned recreation area overlooking Penobscot Bay in the town of Camden in Knox County, Maine.	Camden Hills State Park	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buniewice (buɲɛˈvit͡sɛ) (German Bünnewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Buniewice	Gmina Kamień Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Teymur (Persian: حسن تيمور‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Teymūr and Hasan Teimoor; also known as Hasan Temur) is a village in Ali Sadr Rural District, Gol Tappeh District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hasan Teymur	Ali Sadr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forni Avoltri (Friulian: For Davôtri) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northwest of Udine, on the border with Austria.	Forni Avoltri	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salt Sulphur Springs Historic District is a national historic district located at Salt Sulphur Springs, near Union, West Virginia, Monroe County, West Virginia.	Salt Sulphur Springs Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Cricket Hill is an historic American Revolutionary War site in Mathews County, Virginia.	Fort Cricket Hill	Mathews County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chippewa Park is located on the shore of Lake Superior, south of Thunder Bay, Ontario.	Chippewa Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalelu (Persian: چاللو‎, also Romanized as Chālelū; also known as Chālī) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chalelu	Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whately Center Historic District encompasses the historic rural village center of Whately, Massachusetts.	Whately Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masio (Mas in Piedmontese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southeast of Turin and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Alessandria.	Masio	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bijegan (Persian: بيجگان‎, also Romanized as Bījegān and Bījgān; also known as Bījaīgān, Bījekān, and Bijkan) is a village in Jasb Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Bijegan	Jasb Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deep Run High School is a magnet high school in Henrico County, Virginia, United States.	Deep Run High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarman Gap (also Jarman's Gap or Jarmans Gap) is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains in the counties of Albemarle and Augusta, Virginia.	Jarman Gap	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Ngon (Thai: แม่งอน) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Fang District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mae Ngon	Fang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trujillo Homestead is a historic ranch site in Mosca, Alamosa County, Colorado, not far from the Great Sand Dunes National Park.	Trujillo Homestead	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Ynez Valley is located in Santa Barbara County, California, between the Santa Ynez Mountains to the south and the San Rafael Mountains to the north.	Santa Ynez Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Narzineh (Persian: دره نرزينه‎, also Romanized as Darreh Narzīneh) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Narzineh	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banda Pir Khan is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Banda Pir Khan	Abbottabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzeliq (Persian: برزليق‎, also Romanized as Barzelīq) is a village in Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Barzeliq	Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Shaw (originally named Camp Reynolds) was a United States Army fort located on the Sun River 24 miles west of Great Falls, Montana, in the United States.	Fort Shaw	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Much Marcle is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England, between Ross-on-Wye and Ledbury.	Much Marcle	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grey District in the West Coast Region of New Zealand is a municipality that covers Greymouth, Runanga, Blackball, Cobden and settlements along the Grey River.	Grey District	West Coast Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aftab Rural District (Persian: دهستان آفتاب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Aftab District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Aftab Rural District	Aftab District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkdale Collegiate Institute is a public high school located on Jameson Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Parkdale Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Zard-e Sofla (Persian: بيدزردسفلي‎, also Romanized as Bīd Zard-e Soflá; also known as Bīd-i-Zard, Bīd Zard, and Bīd Zard-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bid Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bid Zard-e Sofla	Bid Zard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Coltrane House is a National Historic Landmark in Philadelphia that was the home of American saxophonist and jazz pioneer John Coltrane from 1952 until 1958.	John Coltrane House	Philadelphia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanat Gazar (Persian: قنات گازر‎, also Romanized as Qanāt Gāzar and Qanaāgāzer) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qanat Gazar	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tusayan Ruins (aka Tusayan Pueblo) is an 800-year-old Pueblo Indian site located within Grand Canyon National Park, and is considered by the National Park Service (NPS) to be one of the major archeological sites in Arizona.	Tusayan Ruins	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandegan (Persian: ماندگان‎, also Romanized as Māndegān; also known as Māndegān-e Soflá and Namdagūn) is a village in Padena-ye Sofla Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mandegan	Padena-ye Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mylchytsi Rural Council (Ukrainian: Мильчицька сільська рада, Mylʹchytsʹka silʹsʹka rada; officially, Mylchytsi Village Council) is a rural local government area of the Horodok Raion (district) of Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine.	Mylchytsi Rural Council	Horodok Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daniszew (daˈniʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościelec, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Daniszew	Gmina Kościelec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Lake Local School District also known as ``Indian Lake Local Schools'' is a school district comprising the northwestern part of Logan County, Ohio.	Indian Lake Local School District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMWK (88.1 FM) is a radio station located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, transmitting from the WITI TV Tower.	WMWK	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntsham is a small village and civil parish, formerly a manor and ecclesiastical parish, in the Mid Devon district of Devon, England.	Huntsham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garakuiyeh (Persian: گراكوييه‎, also Romanized as Garākū’īyeh; also known as Gāzerū’īyeh) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Garakuiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Granarolo dell'Emilia (Granarôl in the Bolognese dialect) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Bologna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of Bologna.	Granarolo dell'Emilia	Province of Bologna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Springhouse Airpark, (TC LID: CAQ4), is located near to Springhouse, British Columbia, Canada.	Springhouse Airpark	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Drayton United Methodist Church in Drayton, North Dakota, United States was built from 1905 to 1906 in a Romanesque Revival style.	Drayton United Methodist Church	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cullompton (/ˈkʌləmptən/) is a town and civil parish in the district of Mid Devon and the county of Devon, England, locally known as Cully.	Cullompton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kitwanga Mountain Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada located on the north side of the Skeena River just west of the Gitxsan community of Kitwanga (Gitwangak).	Kitwanga Mountain Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eziran (Persian: ازيران‎, also Romanized as Ezīrān; also known as Azrān) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Eziran	Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clark County Government Center serves as the government center building for Clark County, Nevada.	Clark County Government Center	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crynfryn is a hamlet bach in the community of Nancwnlle, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 64.6 miles (104 km) from Cardiff and 175.7 miles (282.8 km) from London.	Crynfryn	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital (Groupe hospitalier Pitié-Salpêtrière) is a celebrated teaching hospital in the 13th arrondissement of Paris.	Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital	13th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarczów-Kolonia Druga (ˈjart͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa ˈdruɡa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jarczów-Kolonia Druga	Gmina Jarczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birkelunden (lit. 'The Birch Grove') is a park placed centrally in the Grünerløkka borough of Oslo, Norway.	Birkelunden	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turznia (ˈtuʐɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Turznia	Gmina Żytno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabłoń-Dąbrowa (ˈjabwɔɲ dɔmˈbrɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jabłoń-Dąbrowa	Gmina Nowe Piekuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wickham Market is a large village and electoral ward situated in the River Deben valley of Suffolk, England, within the Suffolk Coastal heritage area.	Wickham Market	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veppilankulam (Tamil: வேப்பிலாங்குளம்) also known as Vembai (Tamil: வேம்பை) is a village panchayat in Radhapuram taluk in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Veppilankulam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tagawali is a village in Rajakhera Mandal (Panchayat Samiti), Dholpur District, Rajasthan State.	Tagawali	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BowMac sign, known as ``Toys ''R`` BowMac'' and ``Toymac'', is a neon sign in Vancouver, British Columbia, with a metal screen depicting the Toys ``R'' Us logo covering a significant portion of the original sign.	BowMac sign	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Our Lady of Assumption Co-Cathedral or the Co-Cathédrale de Notre-Dame-de-l’Assomption is located in the Canadian prairie town of Gravelbourg, Saskatchewan.	Our Lady of Assumption Co-Cathedral	Gravelbourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hodgeston is a small village and parish a mile southwest of Lamphey, south Pembrokeshire, Wales, and is in the community of Lamphey.	Hodgeston	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nimek (Persian: نيمك‎, also Romanized as Nīmek; also known as Nīmūnek) is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nimek	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalemouth is a place in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, where the Kale Water joins the River Teviot, near to Eckford, Cessford, Crailing, Kelso, and Roxburgh.	Kalemouth	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Broomehill was a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Katanning and about 310 kilometres (193 mi) south-southeast of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Broomehill	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Danzak (Persian: دره دنزك‎) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darreh Danzak	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leggetts Creek (also known as Legget Creek, Leggett's Gap Creek, and Leggits Creek) is a tributary of the Lackawanna River in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Leggetts Creek	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piechoty (pjɛˈxɔtɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Padew Narodowa, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Piechoty	Gmina Padew Narodowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itterbeek is a village and deelgemeente of Dilbeek.	Itterbeek	Dilbeek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slab City, Wisconsin is an unincorporated community in Shawano County, Wisconsin, in the Town of Hartland.	Slab City, Wisconsin	Shawano County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilmerton Cove is a series of underground passageways and chambers hand-carved from sandstone located beneath the streets of Gilmerton, an ex-mining village, now a suburb of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Gilmerton Cove	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Gabriel Dam is a rock-fill dam on the San Gabriel River in Los Angeles County, California, within the Angeles National Forest.	San Gabriel Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skotniki Górne (skɔtˈniki ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Skotniki Górne	Gmina Wiślica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zir Kamareh (Persian: زيركمره‎, also Romanized as Zīr Kamareh and Zīrkamareh) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zir Kamareh	Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westcliffe Falls is a 15 metre complex ribbon cascade waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Westcliffe Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Work Channel is a channel in the North Coast region of the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Work Channel	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dierks High School is a comprehensive public high school in Dierks, Arkansas, United States that serves more than 250 students in grades 7 through 12.	Dierks High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canadian Land and Emigration Company was an English company formed in 1861 to promote the sale of lands in the Province of Canada, most of which would later form the Municipality of Dysart et al in Haliburton County.	Canadian Land and Emigration Company	Haliburton County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ronquières (Ronkière in Walloon) is a village in the municipality of Braine-le-Comte in the Belgian province of Hainaut in the Walloon region.	Ronquières	Braine-le-Comte
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chermside bus station, at Chermside, Queensland, is serviced by TransLink bus routes.	Chermside bus station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Java Road (Chinese: 渣華道) is a street in North Point on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Java Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Concord Armory is an historic former armory at 51 Walden Street in Concord, Massachusetts.	Concord Armory	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Khademi (Persian: حاجي خادمي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Khādemī and Ḩājī Khādemī; also known as Ḩājjī Khādem) is a village in Gurband Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hajji Khademi	Gurband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shekar Baghan (Persian: شكرباغان‎, also Romanized as Shekar Bāghān; also known as Shafar-Baga) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shekar Baghan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pleasants Power Station is a coal-fired power plant near Belmont, West Virginia.	Pleasants Power Station	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Four House is a historic 19th-century building in Downtown Sacramento, California.	Big Four House	Sacramento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenaran County (Persian: شهرستان چناران‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Chenaran County	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodahal is a 4,500-capacity event and concert venue located in Kerkrade, Netherlands.	Rodahal	Kerkrade
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arroio do Padre (Portuguese pronunciation: (aˈʁoju du ˈpadɾi), Portuguese meaning Priest's Stream) is a Brazilian municipality in the southeastern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Arroio do Padre	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chesterville Methodist Church is a United Methodist congregation in the village of Chesterville, Ohio, United States.	Chesterville Methodist Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarvaleh (Persian: سرواله‎, also Romanized as Sarvāleh and Sarwāleh) is a village in Sis Rural District, Bolbanabad District, Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sarvaleh	Bolbanabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pagnoncini (sometimes called Pognoncini) is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland.	Pagnoncini	Poschiavo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gallery 16 is an art gallery located in San Francisco, California.	Gallery 16	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakajin Darreh (Persian: ككجين دره‎, also Romanized as Kakajīn Darreh) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kakajin Darreh	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Astor Opera House, also known as the Astor Place Opera House and later the Astor Place Theatre, was an opera house in Manhattan, New York City, located on Lafayette Street between Astor Place and East 8th Street.	Astor Opera House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tin Dog Creek (31°15′S 117°03′E) is a small watercourse in Dowerin, Western Australia.	Tin Dog Creek	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James L. Autry House is a house located in Houston, Texas, built in 1921 by the Episcopal Church as a community center for Rice University.	James L. Autry House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYCL (1540 AM) is a radio station licensed to Niles, Ohio, and serving the Youngstown-Warren area from its studio/transmitter facility in Mineral Ridge.	WYCL	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spanish Fork High School Gymnasium at 300 S. Main St. in Spanish Fork, Utah is an Art Deco style building built in 1935 by the Public Works Administration.	Spanish Fork High School Gymnasium	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chanajeh (Persian: چنجه‎; also known as Chanacheh) is a village in Sangar Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chanajeh	Sangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Victoria Theatre, better known as The Vic Theatre, is a musical venue located in Chicago, Illinois.	The Vic Theatre	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zazem-e Olya (Persian: زازم عليا‎, also Romanized as Zāzem-e ʿlīā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zazem-e Olya	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scenic State Park is a Minnesota state park near Bigfork in Itasca County.	Scenic State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garrett White House, sometimes referred to as the Garrett-White House, is a historic structure in Colerain, Bertie County, North Carolina.	Garrett White House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMKV (89.3 FM) is a radio station in Reading, Ohio, United States, a suburb of Cincinnati.	WMKV	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tartigou River is a watercourse over 45 kilometres (28 mi) long in the Matapedia Valley in Quebec, Canada.	Tartigou River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Hajat (Persian: بنه حاجات‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Ḩājāt) is a village in Kheybar Rural District, Choghamish District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Hajat	Kheybar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shifnal is a market town and civil parish in Shropshire, England, about 3 miles (5 km) east of Telford.	Shifnal	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limpet Burn is a watercourse in Aberdeenshire, Scotland whose discharge is deemed part of the North Sea coastal drainage.	Limpet Burn	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galster Wilderness Park Nature Center is a small museum and educational center set in Galster Wilderness Park, a 42-acre (170,000 m2) wilderness park located on the north slope of the San Jose Hills in the San Gabriel Valley, California.	Galster Wilderness Park Nature Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riley Birthplace and Museum, one of two homes called the James Whitcomb Riley House on the National Register of Historic Places, is located at 250 West Main Street in Greenfield, Indiana, twenty miles (32 km) east of downtown Indianapolis.	Riley Birthplace and Museum	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kumkapı (meaning 'sand gate' in Turkish) is a quarter in Fatih district of Istanbul.	Kumkapı	Fatih
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pengshui Miao and Tujia Autonomous County (Chinese: 彭水苗族土家族自治县; pinyin: Péngshuǐ Miáozú Tǔjiāzúzìzhìxiàn) is located in southeastern Chongqing, China.	Pengshui Miao and Tujia Autonomous County	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Mithraeum, also known as the Temple of Mithras, Walbrook, is a Roman mithraeum that was discovered in Walbrook, a street in the City of London, during a building's construction in 1954.	London Mithraeum	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zirabad-e Zirab (Persian: زيراباد زيراب‎, also Romanized as Zīrābād-e Zīrāb; also known as Zīrābād) is a village in Rameshk Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zirabad-e Zirab	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ford Fieldhouse is multi-purpose arena in Grand Rapids, Michigan, USA, on the campus of Grand Rapids Community College.	Ford Fieldhouse	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Cañada de los Osos y Pecho y Islay was a 32,431-acre (131.24 km2) Mexican land grant in Los Osos Valley and the southern Estero Bay headlands, in present-day San Luis Obispo County, California.	Rancho Cañada de los Osos y Pecho y Islay	San Luis Obispo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Bil-e Sofla (Persian: اقابيل سفلي‎, also Romanized as Āqā Bīl-e Soflá; also known as Āqā Bīl-e Pā’īn) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Aqa Bil-e Sofla	Balaband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polikandy is a small town with a very small population, located in Jaffna District, Northern Province, Sri Lanka, governed by an Urban Council.	Polikandy	Jaffna District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allermöhe is a quarter in the borough Bergedorf of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany.	Allermöhe	Bergedorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruardean is a village in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, England, to the west of Cinderford.	Ruardean	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Vincent Seminary is the fourth oldest Roman Catholic seminary in the United States and is located in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, forty miles southeast of Pittsburgh.	Saint Vincent Seminary	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swiss Canton of Fribourg, the University of Fribourg and the promoters association ``project BIBLE+ORIENT'' created the foundation BIBEL+ORIENT in 2005 for the purpose of valorizing and expanding the collection with the aim of its efficient publication and the future construction and operation of a Bible and Orient Museum.	Bible and Orient Museum	Canton of Fribourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cademario is a municipality located in the district of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	Cademario	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thamil Isai Kalaamanram (Tamil: தமிழ் இசை கலாமன்றம்) (TIKM) is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting carnatic music and bharathanatyam dance in Ontario, Canada, headquartered in Toronto.	Thamil Isai Kalaamanram	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Château de Kerjean is a 16th-century fortified chateau (manor house) located close to the town of Saint-Vougay, in the Finistère department of Brittany, France.	Château de Kerjean	Saint-Vougay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frydrychowice (frɨdrɨxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieprz, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Frydrychowice	Gmina Wieprz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papantla (Spanish ) is a city and municipality located in the north of the state of Veracruz, Mexico, in the Sierra Papanteca range and on the Gulf of Mexico.	Papantla	Veracruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jirighat is a block headquarters in Cachar district, Assam, India.	Jirighat	Cachar district	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall Nader (Persian: تل نادر‎, also Romanized as Tall Nāder) is a village in Dasht-e Barm Rural District, Kuhmareh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tall Nader	Dasht-e Barm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Fane, Wisconsin is an unincorporated community in the Town of Auburn in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States.	New Fane, Wisconsin	Fond du Lac County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hredków (ˈxrɛtkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Hredków	Gmina Sawin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selinsgrove Speedway is one-half mile (0.8 km) dirt racetrack in Penn Township just south of Selinsgrove, Snyder County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Selinsgrove Speedway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The WCIS Bank is a historic and unusual bank building at 365 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	WCIS Bank	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malhowice (malxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemyśl, within Przemyśl County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Malhowice	Gmina Przemyśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carnarvon National Park is located in the Southern Brigalow Belt bioregion in Central Queensland (Australia), 593 km northwest of Brisbane.	Carnarvon National Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jushki (Persian: جوشكي‎, also Romanized as Jūshkī) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jushki	Band-e Zarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Gulf Airport (FAA LID: T17) is a privately owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) east of the central business district of New Gulf, in Wharton County, Texas, United States.	New Gulf Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowshirvan (Persian: جوشيروان‎, also Romanized as Jowshīrvān and Jowshīravān; also known as Gūshīrvān and Qūshīrwān) is a village in Khondab Rural District, in the Central District of Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Jowshirvan	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liseh Dar Gonji (Persian: ليسه دارگنجي‎, also Romanized as Līseh Dār Gonjī; also known as Dār Gonjī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Liseh Dar Gonji	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kothamangalam is a Municipality in the eastern part of Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.	Kothamangalam	Ernakulam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaoyang Sports Centre (Simplified Chinese: 朝阳体育中心) is a multi-use stadium in Beijing, China.	Chaoyang Sports Centre	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swaythling railway station is a railway station on the South Western Main Line on the northern edge of Southampton in Hampshire, England, serving the area of Swaythling.	Swaythling railway station	Southampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balucheh (Persian: بلوچه‎, also Romanized as Balūcheh; also known as Balūjeh) is a village in Bilavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Balucheh	Bilavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol-e Aliabad (Persian: گلعلي اباد‎, also Romanized as Gol-e ``Alīābād and Golalīābād) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 712, in 204 families.	Gol-e Aliabad	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herdsman Lake, also known as Herdsmans Lake, is a freshwater lake located on the Swan Coastal Plain, 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north-west of Perth, Western Australia, in the suburb of Herdsman.	Herdsman Lake	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1989 Ungava earthquake occurred at 09:24 local time (14:24 UTC) on December 25 to the north of Lac Bécard in a remote part of the Ungava Peninsula in northern Quebec.	1989 Ungava earthquake	Ungava Peninsula
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Kaskaskia State Historic Site is a 200-acre (0.8 km²) park near Chester, Illinois, on a blufftop overlooking the Mississippi River.	Fort Kaskaskia State Historic Site	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weixin County (威信县; pinyin: Wēixìn Xiàn) is located in Zhaotong prefecture-level city in Yunnan Province, China.	Weixin County	Zhaotong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrowy nad Okszą (ɔsˈtrɔvɨ ˌnad ˈɔkʂɔ̃) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedźno, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ostrowy nad Okszą	Gmina Miedźno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pansareh (Persian: پنساره‎, also Romanized as Pānsāreh) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pansareh	Bazman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haselhorst is a locality in the borough of Spandau in Berlin.	Haselhorst	Spandau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antoinette Hatfield Hall, formerly known as the New Theatre Building, is a 127,000-square-foot (11,800 m2) complex located in Portland, Oregon, in the United States.	Antoinette Hatfield Hall	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahur Rural District (Persian: دهستان ماهور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mahur Rural District	Mahvarmilani District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Crendon is a village and civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England, about 3 miles (5 km) west of Haddenham and 2 miles (3 km) north-west of Thame in neighbouring Oxfordshire.	Long Crendon	Aylesbury Vale
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anoka Post Office is a post office building in Anoka, Minnesota, United States, designed by prolific architect James Knox Taylor.	Anoka Post Office	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kengis is a small rural community in Pajala Municipality in northernmost Sweden, located very near the Finnish border.	Kengis	Pajala Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melilli (Sicilian: Miliddi) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Syracuse, Sicily (Italy), located about 190 kilometres (120 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Syracuse.	Melilli	Province of Syracuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turners Hill Transmitter refers to a pair of free-standing radio and television towers on Turners Hill, on the border of Dudley and Rowley Regis in the Metropolitan Borough of Sandwell, both localities being in the West Midlands of England.	Turners Hill Transmitter	West Midlands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acuto is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) east of Rome and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Frosinone on a ridge of the Monti Ernici.	Acuto	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWNT is a Spanish language formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Winston-Salem, North Carolina, serving Winston-Salem and Forsyth County, North Carolina.	WWNT	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rottevalle (West Frisian: Rottefalle) is a village in Smallingerland in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Rottevalle	Smallingerland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanderanlu (Persian: ياندرانلو‎, also Romanized as Yānderānlū) is a village in Dadin Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Yanderanlu	Dadin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darzarun (Persian: درزرون‎, also Romanized as Darzarūn; also known as Darzin) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darzarun	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Regensberg Castle (Swiss German: Schloss Regensberg sometimes referred to Neu-Regensberg) is a hill castle which was built about the mid-13th century AD by the House of Regensberg in the Swiss municipality of Regensberg in the Canton of Zürich.	Regensberg Castle	Canton of Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Citipointe Christian College, previously known as Christian Outreach College Brisbane (COCB), is a Christian independent day school located in Carindale, Queensland.	Citipointe Christian College	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khunwa (Hindi: खुनवा) is a village in Shohratgarh tehsil of Siddharthnagar district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Khunwa	Siddharthnagar district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gonbatuk (Persian: گنبتوك‎, also Romanized as Gonbatūk; also known as Jozbatūk) is a village in Zibad Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gonbatuk	Zibad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Rah-e Gashin (Persian: چهارراه گشين‎, also Romanized as Chahār Rāh-e Gashīn) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chahar Rah-e Gashin	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darvish-e Gurnamaz (Persian: درويش گورنمز‎, also Romanized as Darvīsh-e Gūrnamāz; also known as Darvīsh Garīmaz and Darvish Gūrūnmaz) is a village in Azadlu Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Darvish-e Gurnamaz	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East 34th Street Bridge is a concrete open-spandrel bridge in Tacoma, Washington.	East 34th Street Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notgrove is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, England, approximately 28.5 (17.8 miles) to the east of Gloucester.	Notgrove	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rafały (raˈfawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rafały	Gmina Karniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kudina (German: Kudding) is a village in Palamuse Parish, Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.	Kudina	Palamuse Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reay (Scottish Gaelic: Ràth) is a village which has grown around Sandside Bay on the north coast of the Highland council area of Scotland.	Reay	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Param Sara (Persian: پرامسرا‎, also Romanized as Parām Sarā) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Param Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pope House Museum, built in 1901, is a restored home once owned by Dr. M.T. Pope, a prominent African-American citizen of Raleigh, North Carolina.	Pope House Museum	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onkaparinga River National Park is a protected area in South Australia (Australia), 32 km south of Adelaide.	Onkaparinga River National Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drożdżów (ˈdrɔʐd͡ʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Drożdżów	Gmina Bliżyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dratów (ˈdratuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dratów	Gmina Ludwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Billister is a settlement in the parish of Nesting, on the island of Mainland, in Shetland, Scotland.	Billister	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kantabania is a village in India, under the Nayagarh district, Orissa.	Kantabania	Nayagarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yek Lengeh (Persian: يك لنگه‎) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Yek Lengeh	Mazul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanganeh (Persian: سنگانه‎, also Romanized as Sangāneh; also known as Sangāneh-ye Pā’īn and Sangunak ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sanganeh	Pasakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vazmela (Persian: وزملا‎, also Romanized as Vazmelā and Vez Mollā) is a village in Banaft Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vazmela	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramsey Lake is a lake in Sudbury, Ontario, located near the city's downtown core.	Ramsey Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Guardian Bank Building, originally known as the New England Building and later known as the National City Bank Building, is a high-rise building on Euclid Avenue in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.	Guardian Bank Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Immigration and Diversity is a British museum at 19 Princelet Street in Spitalfields, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	Museum of Immigration and Diversity	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sarah Mildred Long Bridge is a lift bridge that carries the US 1 Bypass over the Piscataqua River between Portsmouth, New Hampshire and Kittery, Maine.	Sarah Mildred Long Bridge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Newton with Dagworth is a civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England.	Old Newton with Dagworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nina Tower (Chinese: 如心廣場) is a twin tower of 80-storey and 42-storey high-rise buildings in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Nina Tower	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarlino (t͡ʂarˈlinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czarlino	Gmina Sulęczyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michael E. DeBakey Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Houston (MEDVAMC) is a care facility affiliated with the United States Department of Veterans Affairs in the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas, United States.	Michael E. DeBakey Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Houston	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaraguz-e Salimaqa (Persian: قراگوزسليم اقا‎, also Romanized as Qarāgūz-e Salīmāqā) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qaraguz-e Salimaqa	Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenter Lake, officially Carpenter Lake Reservoir, is the largest of the three reservoirs of the Bridge River Power Project, which is located in the mountains west of Lillooet, British Columbia.	Carpenter Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Farm Racecourse is a heritage-listed horse racing venue in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Eagle Farm Racecourse	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopewell-Loudon High School is a public k-12 school in Bascom, Ohio.	Hopewell-Loudon High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osetne Pole (ɔˈsɛtnɛ ˈpɔlɛ) (German: Karlsberg) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Osetne Pole	Gmina Stare Czarnowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badia di Passignano or the Abbey of Passignano is an historic abbey in the comune Tavarnelle Val di Pesa, Province of Florence, Italy.	Badia di Passignano	Tavarnelle Val di Pesa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziedziule (d͡ʑɛˈd͡ʑulɛ), (Lithuanian: Didžiuliai), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Dziedziule	Gmina Puńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal-e Jamshid (Persian: كل جمشيد‎, also Romanized as Kal-e Jamshīd) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kal-e Jamshid	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahudha is a municipality in Kheda district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Mahudha	Kheda district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trinity School of Durham and Chapel Hill is an independent Christian school in Durham, North Carolina in the United States.	Trinity School of Durham and Chapel Hill	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Gregorio d'Ippona (Greek: Agios Gregorios Ipponias) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 2 kilometres (1 mi) southeast of Vibo Valentia.	San Gregorio d'Ippona	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Huni (Persian: تنگ هوني‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Hūnī) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Tang-e Huni	Bazoft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Emigdio Mountains are a part of the Transverse Ranges in Southern California, extending from Interstate 5 at Lebec and Gorman on the east to Highway 33--166 on the west.	San Emigdio Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gällivare Municipality (Swedish: Gällivare kommun, Finnish: Jällivaaran kunta, Northern Sami: Jiellevárri gielda or Váhčira gielda) is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden.	Gällivare Municipality	Norrbotten County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widźgowo (vʲid͡ʑˈɡɔvɔ) (Ukrainian: Видьгово, Vyd’hovo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Widźgowo	Gmina Brańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zacharz (ˈzaxaʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Zacharz	Gmina Będków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharonville Transmission is a Ford Motor Company transmission factory in Sharonville, Ohio.	Sharonville Transmission	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shatt-e Badam (Persian: شط بادام‎, also Romanized as Shaţţ-e Bādām) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shatt-e Badam	Qatruyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chan Chawa (Thai: จันจว้า) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Chan District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Chan Chawa	Mae Chan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craig Air Force Base near Selma, Alabama, was a U.S. Air Force Undergraduate Pilot Training (UPT) base that closed in 1977.	Craig Air Force Base	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williams Arena is located on the southwest corner of the intersection of University Avenue and 19th Ave. SE in Minneapolis on the U of M's East Bank campus.	Williams Arena	Minneapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Qurtan (Persian: قره قورتان‎, also Romanized as Qarah Qūrtān; also known as Ghara Ghoorkhan, Qarah Qūrqān, Qarāqorqān, Qara Qurghān, Qarā Qūrkhān, Qareh Qorqān, and Qareh Qūrqān) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qarah Qurtan	Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Przykop (ˈnɔvɨ ˈpʂɨkɔp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowy Przykop	Gmina Purda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stansbury Mountains are a 28-mile (45 km) long mountain range located in eastern Tooele County, Utah.	Stansbury Mountains	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Kola (Persian: باباكلا‎, also Romanized as Bābā Kolā; also known as Bābā Kalā) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Baba Kola	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siaman (Persian: سيامان‎, also Romanized as Sīāmān and Seyāmān; also known as Sīāhmān and Siakhman) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Siaman	Sojas Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camden Free Public Library Main Building is the first former main library of the Camden, New Jersey public library system.	Camden Free Public Library Main Building	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omm ol Safayeh-ye Yek (Persian: ام الصفايه يك‎, also Romanized as Omm ol Şafāyeh-ye Yek) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Omm ol Safayeh-ye Yek	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilbaha (Irish: Cill Bheathach) is a small fishing village in County Clare, Ireland, located on the south west end of the Loop Head peninsula.	Kilbaha	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asb Rish (Persian: اسب ريسه‎, also Romanized as Āsb Rīsh; also known as Asbeh Rīs) is a village in Masal Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Asb Rish	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giełczew-Doły (ˈɡʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛf ˈdɔwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Giełczew-Doły	Gmina Wysokie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borobudur, or Barabudur, is a 9th-century Mahayana Buddhist Temple in Magelang, Central Java, Indonesia.	Borobudur	Magelang
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeKalb School of the Arts (DSA) is a public performing arts magnet school in unincorporated DeKalb County, Georgia, United States, east of the city of Atlanta.	DeKalb School of the Arts	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mistaya River is a short river in western Alberta, Canada.	Mistaya River	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Federal Medical Center, Lexington (FMC Lexington) is a United States federal prison in Kentucky for male inmates requiring medical or mental health care.	Federal Medical Center, Lexington	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bektashabad (Persian: بكتاش اباد‎, also Romanized as Bektāshābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bektashabad	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inverey (Scottish Gaelic: Inbhir Eidh) is a hamlet on Mar Lodge Estate, in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Inverey	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gordejki (ɡɔrˈdɛi̯ki) (German: Gordeiken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gordejki	Gmina Olecko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalak (Persian: قلعك‎, also Romanized as Qal``ak) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Qalak	Nur Ali Beyk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gach Mohammad Hasan (Persian: گچ محمدحسن‎, also Romanized as Gach Moḩammad Ḩasan) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gach Mohammad Hasan	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rosewood massacre was a violent, racially motivated massacre of blacks and destruction of a black town that took place during the first week of January 1923 in rural Levy County, Florida.	Rosewood massacre	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lougheed Island is one of the uninhabited islands of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.	Lougheed Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Store Church and Evergreen Cemetery is a national historic district containing a historic meetinghouse and cemetery at the junction of New York State Route 8 and White Store Road, 4 miles south of South New Berlin in Norwich, Chenango County, New York.	White Store Church and Evergreen Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radkiejmy (ratˈkʲɛi̯mɨ) (German: Radtkehmen, 1938-1945 Wittrade) is a village within the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Radkiejmy	Gmina Banie Mazurskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarne Pustkowie (ˈt͡ʂarnɛ pustˈkɔvjɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czarne Pustkowie	Gmina Kościerzyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Seraj (Persian: ده سراج‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Serāj and Deh Serāj) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Seraj	Pariz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pelly Mountains are a mountain range in the Yukon, Canada.	Pelly Mountains	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chochorowice (xɔxɔrɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podegrodzie, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Chochorowice	Gmina Podegrodzie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chociemyśl (xɔˈt͡ɕemɨɕl) (German: Dammfeld, until 1937: Kotzemeuschel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chociemyśl	Gmina Kotla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Lipowa (ˈvulka liˈpɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wólka Lipowa	Gmina Tarłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelan-e Sofla (Persian: چلان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Chelān-e Soflá) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chelan-e Sofla	Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradenstoke is a village in Wiltshire, England situated to the north of the former RAF Lyneham airbase and 1.5 miles (2.4 km) northwest of Lyneham.	Bradenstoke	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shohratgarh is a tehsil and nagar panchayat in Siddharthnagar district within Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and adjacent to Nepal.	Shohratgarh	Siddharthnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birkerthwaite is a village on Birker Fell, Eskdale, Cumbria, England, UK.	Birkerthwaite	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Putuo Zongcheng Temple (Chinese: 普陀宗乘之庙; pinyin: Pǔtuó Zōngchéng zhī miào) of Chengde, Hebei province, China is a Qing dynasty era Buddhist temple complex built between 1767 and 1771, during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor (1735--1796).	Putuo Zongcheng Temple	Chengde
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shanghai Museum is a museum of ancient Chinese art, situated on the People's Square in the Huangpu District of Shanghai, China.	Shanghai Museum	Huangpu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oderne (ɔˈdɛrnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uście Gorlickie, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Oderne	Gmina Uście Gorlickie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Layer de la Haye (often spelled Layer-de-la-Haye; locally known just as Layer) is a small village of around 2,000 people, measured at 1,767 in the 2011 Census, near Colchester in Essex, England.	Layer de la Haye	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naduvil and Kudianmala (also spells Kudiyanmala) are two villages in the Western Ghats in India.It is in Kerala state and in kannur district.	Naduvil and Kudianmala	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scotia Place is an office tower complex in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada that was completed in 1983.	Scotia Place	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel d'Alluye is a hôtel particulier in Blois, Loir-et-Cher, France.	Hôtel d'Alluye	Blois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eighth & Main is an 18-story building in Boise, Idaho.	Eighth & Main	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ohio Pass is a Mount Axtell gap in Gunnison County, Colorado, located one mile southeast of Kebler Pass.	Ohio Pass	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coast Guard Station Sturgeon Bay is a United States Coast Guard station located on Lake Michigan and the Sturgeon Bay Ship Canal in the Town of Sturgeon Bay in Door County, Wisconsin, just outside the city of Sturgeon Bay.	Coast Guard Station Sturgeon Bay	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nickajack Dam is a hydroelectric dam in Marion County in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Nickajack Dam	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vlasenica (Serbian Cyrillic: Власеница) is a municipality and town in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the Republika Srpska entity.	Vlasenica	Republika Srpska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Cay Wetlands (or Green Cay Wetlands and Nature Center) is a nature preserve located in Boynton Beach, Florida.	Green Cay Wetlands	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Special Area No. 4 is a special area in central Alberta, Canada.	Special Area No. 4	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Rocco's Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic parish church located within the Archdiocese of Newark at 212--216 Hunterdon Street in Newark, Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	St. Rocco's Roman Catholic Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akasik Mountain, elevation 2450 m (8038 feet), is a mountain in the Lillooet Ranges of British Columbia, Canada, located southwest of the town of Lytton.	Akasik Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziarat-e Pirchugan (Persian: زيارت پيرچوگان‎, also Romanized as Zīārat-e Pīrchūgān; also known as Zeyārat, Zīārat, and Zīyārat) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ziarat-e Pirchugan	Rahdar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharbadi is a village in Motala taluka, Buldhana district, Maharashtra, India, it is 3 km away from Motala.	Kharbadi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flywheel Arts Collective is a collectively run, DIY culture non-profit performance space, in Easthampton, Massachusetts.	Flywheel Arts Collective	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brinsfield I Site, or Brinsfield I Prehistoric Village Site, is an archaeological site near Cambridge in Dorchester County, Maryland.	Brinsfield I Site	Dorchester County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnawatka-Tartak (tarnaˈvatka ˈtartak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Tarnawatka-Tartak	Gmina Tarnawatka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Livingston is a reservoir located in the East Texas Piney Woods.	Lake Livingston	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerd Alu (Persian: گردالو‎, also Romanized as Gerd Ālū) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerd Alu	Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greenville Health System Swamp Rabbit Trail is a 19.9-mile (32.0 km) multi-use rail trail in Greenville County, South Carolina, that largely follows the bed of a former railroad that had been nicknamed after the indigenous swamp rabbit.	Swamp Rabbit Trail	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taereung Station is a transfer station on Line 6 and Line 7 in Seoul, South Korea.	Taereung Station	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puslinch Lake is a kettle lake located in Wellington County, Ontario, Canada.	Puslinch Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sweet Candy Company Building, at 224 South 200 West in Salt Lake City, Utah, was built in 1911 and expanded in 1922.	Sweet Candy Company Building	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Rita Mountains (O'odham: To:wa Kuswo Doʼag), located about 65 km (40 mi) southeast of Tucson, Arizona, extend 42 km (26 mi) from north to south, then trending southeast.	Santa Rita Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrąbczynek (vrɔmpˈt͡ʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wrąbczynek	Gmina Pyzdry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vimmerby Municipality (Vimmerby kommun) is a municipality in Kalmar County, south-eastern Sweden.	Vimmerby Municipality	Kalmar County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The The Golf Club at Harbor Shores is a golf club located in Benton Harbor, Michigan, part of the Harbor Shores development on Lake Michigan.	The Golf Club at Harbor Shores	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	E. D. Feehan Catholic High School is a Catholic high school on the west side of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, in the neighborhood known as Caswell Hill.	E. D. Feehan Catholic High School	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dofari (Persian: دفاري‎, also Romanized as Dofārī; also known as Dafūrī, De Fowrī, Deh Fārī, and Dowfūrī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dofari	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary is an American, private, non-profit institution of higher education, associated with the Southern Baptist Convention, and located in Fort Worth, Texas.	Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rechulówka (rɛxuˈlufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Rechulówka	Gmina Ulhówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eynatan (Persian: ايناتان‎, also Romanized as Eynātān, ``Anātān, and Īnātān) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 8 families.	Eynatan	Qaedrahmat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agići (Serbian: Агићи) is a village in the municipality of Derventa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Agići	Derventa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canaan Chapel (also known as Canaan Free Will Baptist Church) is a historic chapel on Canaan Road in Barrington, New Hampshire.	Canaan Chapel	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szla (ʂla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szla	Gmina Przasnysz
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Side Presbyterian Church, now known as Parsells Avenue Community Church, is a historic Presbyterian church located in the Beechwood neighborhood of Rochester, Monroe County, New York.	East Side Presbyterian Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Odeon of Herodes Atticus is a stone theatre structure located on the southwest slope of the Acropolis of Athens.	Odeon of Herodes Atticus	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalaji (Persian: قلاجي‎, also Romanized as Qalājī; also known as Qalājeh, Qalājeh-ye Soflá, and Qal``ehjeh) is a village in Kalashi Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 529, in 110 families.	Qalaji	Kalashi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bharathidasan University (BDU) is a university in the city of Tiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu state, India.	Bharathidasan University	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seldom Seen Roadhouse ( 37° 6'43.95``S 148°15'0.56''E ) is located near 5373 Gelantipy Rd Wulgulmerang East VIC 3885 in the Shire of East Gippsland, in the north-east of Victoria, Australia.	Seldom Seen Roadhouse	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakata, Kak-ah-tah, is the capital city of Liberia's Margibi County and is located in Kakata District just over the Du River bridge which is its border with Todee District.	Kakata	Margibi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 172 or FM 172 is a two-lane, state-maintained highway that connects the farming areas of eastern Archer County and southern Clay County, Texas (USA).	Farm to Market Road 172	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Grace North, part of the Lake Grace System, is a wetland located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.	Lake Grace North	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Natimuk-Douglas Wetlands comprise a chain of freshwater, brackish and saline wetlands in the semi-arid Wimmera region of western Victoria.	Natimuk-Douglas Wetlands	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Church of Christ and the Ancient Burying Ground (also known as Center Church: First Church of Christ in Hartford or First Church in Hartford) is a historic church and cemetery at 60 Gold Street in Hartford, Connecticut.	First Church of Christ and the Ancient Burying Ground	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Vernon Presbyterian School (or MVPS or MV) is a Christian (Presbyterian), independent, coeducational day school in Atlanta, Georgia.	Mount Vernon Presbyterian School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qorbani (Persian: قرباني‎, also Romanized as Qorbānī) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qorbani	Khorram Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Cañada de los Pinos or College Rancho was a 35,499-acre (143.66 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day Santa Barbara County, California.	Rancho Cañada de los Pinos	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Westereen (standard West Frisian: De Westerein, Dutch: Zwaagwesteinde) is a village in the Dantumadiel municipality of Friesland, the Netherlands.	De Westereen	Dantumadiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Florida Research Park (CFRP) is a research park abutting the main campus of the University of Central Florida (UCF) in Orlando, Florida, United States.	Central Florida Research Park	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frunzyenski District (Belarusian: Фрунзенскі; Russian: Фрунзенский, Frunzensky Raion) is an administrative subdivision of the city of Minsk, Belarus.	Frunzyenski District	Minsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swindle Island is an island on the North Coast of the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Swindle Island	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boćwiński Młyn (bɔt͡ɕˈfiɲski ˈmwɨn) (German: Herandstaler Mühle; until 1938: Bodschwingker Mühle) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Boćwiński Młyn	Gmina Gołdap
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old WRUF Radio Station (now the University of Florida Police Department headquarters) is a historic site in Gainesville, Florida, United States.	Old WRUF Radio Station	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaapelitehdas (Finnish for ``the Cable Factory'', also called simply Kaapeli, Swedish: Kabelfabriken) is a famous building in Ruoholahti, Helsinki, near the bridge to Lauttasaari.	Kaapelitehdas	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The origins of the Family History Library can be traced to the founding of the Genealogical Society of Utah in 1894.	Family History Library	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuhigan-e Pain (Persian: كوهيگان پائين‎, also Romanized as Kūhīgān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Damen Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kuhigan-e Pain	Damen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calheta de Nesquim is a civil parish, along the southern coast of the municipality of Lajes do Pico, in the Portuguese Azores.	Calheta de Nesquim	Lajes do Pico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eldridge Turn-Halle was an historic building located in Eldridge, Iowa, United States.	Eldridge Turn-Halle	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarsala is a village in Bundi district, in the state of Rajasthan in northwest India.	Sarsala	Bundi district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghaj Ughli (Persian: اغاج اوغلي‎, also Romanized as Āghāj Ūghlī and Āghāj Owghlū; also known as Agadzhagly, Aghajaglil, Āghāj Oghlū, Āghāj Owghlī, Āghāj Ūqlī, and Āqājolī) is a village in Esperan Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghaj Ughli	Esperan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fuleda (fuˈlɛda) (German: Faulhöden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Fuleda	Gmina Giżycko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Malekabad (Persian: شهرك ملك اباد‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Malekābād) is a village in Forg Rural District, Forg District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Malekabad	Forg District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Remen (Persian: قلعه رمن‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Remen; also known as Qalārmen) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 313, in 53 families.	Qaleh Remen	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaneh Mashkeh (Persian: كنه مشكه‎) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kaneh Mashkeh	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanning (Chinese: 南宁; Zhuang: Nanzningz) is the capital of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in southern China.	Nanning	Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maindargi (IPA:Maindargī) is a town and a municipal council in Akkalkot taluka of Solapur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Maindargi	Solapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western College of Veterinary Medicine (WCVM) is a Canadian veterinary school located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.	Western College of Veterinary Medicine	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oradell Reservoir is a reservoir formed by the Oradell Reservoir Dam on the Hackensack River in Bergen County, New Jersey, USA.	Oradell Reservoir	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Good Shepherd Hospital Heliport (FAA LID: OG09) is a private heliport located one mile southeast of Hermiston in Umatilla County, Oregon, United States.	Good Shepherd Hospital Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eilean Shona (Scottish Gaelic: Eilean Seòna) is a tidal island in Loch Moidart, Scotland.	Eilean Shona	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zaafarana palace is located in the Egyptian capital Cairo, near Abbasyia district at Khalifa Maamon Road.	Zaafarana palace	Cairo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashapalla, also known as Daspalla, is a block in Nayagarh district, Odisha, India.	Dashapalla	Nayagarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardtornish Castle is situated in the grounds of the Ardtornish estate in Morvern, on the west coast of Scotland.	Ardtornish Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Center Depot is a historic railway station at 57 Water Street (MA 129) in Wakefield, Massachusetts.	Center Depot	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria degli Angeli a Pizzofalcone is a Baroque-style church in Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria degli Angeli a Pizzofalcone	Naples
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hakkloa is a regulated lake in Nordmarka in Oslo, Norway.	Hakkloa	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nissoria (Sicilian: Nissurìa) is a comune in Sicily, Italy in the Province of Enna.	Nissoria	Province of Enna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amidabad-e Qazi (Persian: عميدابادقاضي‎, also Romanized as ʿAmīdābād-e Qāz̤ī) is a village in Darmian Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Amidabad-e Qazi	Darmian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haleiwa Fighter Strip was a military airfield located on Oahu, Hawaii.	Haleiwa Fighter Strip	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Quincy High School (NQHS) is a public secondary school located in the North Quincy neighborhood of Quincy, Massachusetts.	North Quincy High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fochville is a farming and mining town situated in Gauteng province in South Africa and makes a part of the Merafong City Local Municipality which also includes Kokosi, Carletonville and Khutsong.	Fochville	Merafong City Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old East Paint Creek Lutheran Church is located north of Waterville, Iowa, United States.	Old East Paint Creek Lutheran Church	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Topcroft is a Village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.	Topcroft	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielkie Góry Warszewickie (ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ˈɡurɨ varʂɛˈvit͡skʲɛ) is the part of Dziecinów village, Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.	Wielkie Góry Warszewickie	Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaughnessy Village is a neighbourhood of Montreal, Quebec, Canada, located on the western side of the Ville-Marie borough.	Shaughnessy Village	Ville-Marie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Williamsburgh Savings Bank was an important institution in Brooklyn, New York, from the mid-19th to the mid-20th centuries.	Williamsburgh Savings Bank	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grantham (pronounced /ˈɡrænθəm/) is a market town within the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England.	Grantham	South Kesteven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wahconah Falls State Park is a small Massachusetts state park in the town of Dalton managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation.	Wahconah Falls State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kingston Stockade District is an eight-block area in the western section of Kingston, New York, United States, commonly referred to as Uptown Kingston.	Kingston Stockade District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHOW-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts a community radio format branded as Radio Boréale on 105.3 FM in Amos, Quebec.	CHOW-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastrea is a village in Cambridgeshire, located on the A605 between Whittlesey and Coates.	Eastrea	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hutzler Brothers Palace Building is a historic flagship department store building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States and built by Hutzler's.	Hutzler Brothers Palace Building	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laversdale is a village in Cumbria, England, situated to the north of Carlisle Lake District Airport.	Laversdale	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watercress Darter National Wildlife Refuge is a 25-acre (100,000 m2) National Wildlife Refuge located in Jefferson County, Alabama, within the city limits of Bessemer.	Watercress Darter National Wildlife Refuge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cochetopa Hills are a ridge of uplands on the Continental Divide in southern Colorado, United States.	Cochetopa Hills	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mdzewko (ˈmd͡zɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mdzewko	Gmina Strzegowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharashk (Persian: خرشك‎, also Romanized as Khareshk and Khereshk; also known as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Khereshk, Kharashi, Kharashk-e Pā’īn, and Qarehchak) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kharashk	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberpfaffenhofen is a village which is part of the municipality of Weßling in the district of Starnberg, Bavaria, Germany.	Oberpfaffenhofen	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kikhanan (Persian: كيخنان‎, also Romanized as Kīkhanān) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kikhanan	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedugul is a mountain lake resort area in Bali, Indonesia, located in the centre-north region of the island near Lake Bratan on the road between Denpasar and Singaraja.	Bedugul	Bali
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navay (Persian: نواي‎, also Romanized as Navāy) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Navay	Mian Jam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Outwood Academy Brumby (formerly Brumby Comprehensive School and Brumby Engineering College), is a coeducational secondary school with academy status, located at Cemetery Road, near the A18 in Scunthorpe (Brumby), North Lincolnshire, England.	Outwood Academy Brumby	Scunthorpe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont Orignal is a ski mountain about 100 km south of Quebec City, Canada in the region of Bellechasse near the village of Lac-Etchemin.	Mont Orignal	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timpanogos Cave National Monument is a United States National Monument protecting the Timpanogos Cave Historic District and a cave system on Mount Timpanogos in the Wasatch Mountains in American Fork Canyon near American Fork, Utah, in the United States.	Timpanogos Cave National Monument	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzemeszno (stʂɛˈmɛʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strzemeszno	Gmina Gąbin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert B. Redman Stadium is an American football stadium on the campus of Bloomsburg University in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania.	Robert B. Redman Stadium	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Creek State Park is sited on 2,588 acres (1,047 ha) along Cedar Creek in Gilmer County, West Virginia, located about 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Glenville and about 25 miles (40 km) west of Burnsville/Glenville exit of I-79.	Cedar Creek State Park	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaghmur Ali (Persian: يغمورعلي‎, also Romanized as Yaghmūr ``Alī; also known as Yaghmūr A``lá) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 232, in 72 families.	Yaghmur Ali	Bash Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Cataraqui Creek Conservation Area is a 394-hectare (970-acre) conservation area located north of the city of Kingston, Ontario, Canada and is managed by the Cataraqui Region Conservation Authority.	Little Cataraqui Creek Conservation Area	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nether Stowey is a large village in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset, South West England.	Nether Stowey	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fransum (Gronings: Fraansum) is an old church village in the municipality of Zuidhorn, Netherlands.	Fransum	Zuidhorn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McGregor Memorial Conference Center is an office building located at 495 Ferry Mall, on the campus of Wayne State University in Midtown Detroit, Michigan.	McGregor Memorial Conference Center	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Parish Unitarian Church, now the First Parish Unitarian Universalist Church of Medfield, is a historic church on North Street in Medfield, Massachusetts.	First Parish Unitarian Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rolling Knolls Landfill is a landfill located in the Green Village section of Chatham Township in New Jersey.	Rolling Knolls Landfill	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Lourenço da Mata is a city located in the greater Recife metropolitan area in the state of Pernambuco, with a population of 102,945 inhabitants (2010 estimate by IBGE).	São Lourenço da Mata	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krojanty (krɔˈjantɨ) (Kashubian: Krojantë, German: Krojanten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krojanty	Gmina Chojnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imiołki (iˈmjɔu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Imiołki	Gmina Kiszkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leźnica Wielka-Osiedle (lɛʑˈnit͡sa ˈvjɛlka ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Leźnica Wielka-Osiedle	Gmina Parzęczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banants Stadium (Armenian: Բանանց Մարզադաշտ) is an all-seater football stadium in the Malatia-Sebastia District of Yerevan, Armenia.	Banants Stadium	Malatia-Sebastia District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sparrow Hospital is a 733-bed teaching hospital located in Lansing, Michigan that provides care for the greater Mid-Michigan region.	Sparrow Hospital	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toijala railway station (Finnish: Toijalan asema; Swedish: Toijala station) is located in the Toijala district of the town of Akaa, Finland.	Toijala railway station	Akaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shankavar (Persian: شانكاور‎, also Romanized as Shānkāvar; also known as Shangāvar) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shankavar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Kowshan (Persian: قره كوشن‎, also Romanized as Qarah Kūshan) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Kowshan	Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Piper Mountain Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located in the White Mountains 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Big Pine, California in Inyo County, California.	Piper Mountain Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perlerfiup Kangerlua (old spelling: Perdlerfiup Kangerdlua) is a fjord in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Perlerfiup Kangerlua	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St Kilda Cycling Club, commonly referred to as SKCC, is an Australian cycling club based in inner and south-east Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	St Kilda Cycling Club	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yongsan District (Yongsan-gu) is a district of Seoul, South Korea.	Yongsan District	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quch Bolaghi (Persian: قوچ بلاغي‎, also Romanized as Qūch Bolāghī; also known as Aqkūl, Ghooch Bolaghi, and Quchhbulāq) is a village in Bayat Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Quch Bolaghi	Bayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Home-ported at Two Harbors, Minnesota, Edna G moved ships and barges carrying iron ore and taconite from the Mesabi Range and other smaller sites in the Iron Range region of northeast Minnesota.	Edna G	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vidal, California is a small unincorporated community located in southeastern California, in San Bernardino County on U.S. Route 95, 38 miles (61 km) north of Blythe, California and 55 miles (89 km) south of Needles.	Vidal, California	San Bernardino County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abou Ben Adhem Shrine Mosque (often known locally as ``the Shrine Mosque'' or simply ``the Shrine'') is a building of arabesque design located in downtown Springfield, Missouri, USA.	Abou Ben Adhem Shrine Mosque	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bank of Magdalena at 1st and Main Streets in Magdalena, New Mexico was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.	Bank of Magdalena	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western Run-Belfast Road Historic District is a national historic district at Lutherville, Baltimore County, Maryland, United States.	Western Run-Belfast Road Historic District	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasper Peak is a peak in northeastern Minnesota near Soudan.	Jasper Peak	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William O. Douglas Wilderness is a designated wilderness in the central portion of the state of Washington.	William O. Douglas Wilderness	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malynsk (Ukrainian: Малинськ) is a village in Berezne Raion of Rivne Oblast of Ukraine.	Malynsk	Berezne Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The County Street Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Acushnet, Page, Middle, and Bedford streets (both sides) in New Bedford, Massachusetts, USA.	County Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Whoop-Up was the nickname (eventually adopted as the official name) given to a whisky trading post, originally Fort Hamilton, near what is now Lethbridge, Alberta.	Fort Whoop-Up	Lethbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dash Qapu (Persian: داشقاپو‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Qāpū) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Dash Qapu	Angut-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiaozuo (Chinese: 焦作; pinyin: Jiāozuò; postal: Tsiaotso) is a prefecture-level city in northern Henan province, China.	Jiaozuo	Henan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maldanin (malˈdanin) (German: Maldaneien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Maldanin	Gmina Pisz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyuchemer Olya (Persian: كيوچمرعليا‎, also Romanized as Kyūchemer ʿOlyā; also known as Kūchemehr) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kyuchemer Olya	Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downers Grove North High School, or DGN, and locally referred to as ``North,'' is a public four-year high school located near the corner of Main Street and Ogden Avenue in Downers Grove, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Downers Grove North High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greater New Bedford Regional Vocational-Technical High School (commonly referred to as GNB Voc-Tech or simply Voc-Tech) is a vocational high school located in New Bedford, Massachusetts for students in grades 9-12.	Greater New Bedford Regional Vocational-Technical High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Neve Square Park is a quaint urban pocket park located in the neighborhood of Holmby Hills in West Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California.	De Neve Square Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tampa Bypass Canal and Palm River are a 14-mile-long (23 km) flood bypass operated by the Southwest Florida Water Management District.	Tampa Bypass Canal	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de la Rochepot is a 13th-century castle, later converted into a château, in the commune of La Rochepot in the Côte d'Or département in Burgundy, France.	Château de la Rochepot	La Rochepot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beckley Club Estates is a neighborhood in the Oak Cliff area of Dallas, Texas.	Beckley Club Estates	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozianka (kɔˈʑanka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kozianka	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dishman Hills Natural Resources Conservation Area is a 530-acre (210 ha) area protected by a combination of public and non-profit groups (Spokane County Parks and Recreation Department, Washington Department of Natural Resources, and Dishman Hills Natural Area Association), located in Spokane County, Washington.	Dishman Hills	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Towers of Channelside are a residential complex in Tampa, Florida.	Towers of Channelside	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bellenden Ker is the second highest mountain in Queensland, Australia, with a height of 1,593 metres (5,226 ft).	Mount Bellenden Ker	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armstrong Redwoods State Natural Reserve is a state park of California in the United States established to preserve 805 acres (326 ha) of coast redwoods (Sequoia sempervirens).	Armstrong Redwoods State Natural Reserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baciuty-Kolonia (baˈt͡ɕutɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Baciuty-Kolonia	Gmina Turośń Kościelna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushk-e Pas Qalat (Persian: كوشك پس قلات‎, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Pas Qalāt) is a village in Famur Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Pas Qalat	Jereh and Baladeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sowmeeh-ye Rudbar (Persian: صومعه رودبار‎, also Romanized as Şowme``eh-ye Rūdbār; also known as Şowma``eh Sarā) is a village in Shal Rural District, Shahrud District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 64, in 17 families.	Sowmeeh-ye Rudbar	Shal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willimantic Elks Club is a historic Elks lodge at 198 Pleasant Street in Windham, Connecticut.	Willimantic Elks Club	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liru Nasrollah (Persian: ليرونصراله‎, also Romanized as Līrū Naṣrollah; also known as Līrū) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Liru Nasrollah	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nobility Hill Historic District is a residential historic district roughly bounded by Chestnut and Maple Streets and Cedar Avenue in Stoneham, Massachusetts.	Nobility Hill Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canela, meaning Cinnamon (or shin) in Portuguese and Spanish, is a town located in the Serra Gaúcha of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Canela	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Angliss Institute of TAFE is a TAFE institute located in the Melbourne CBD, Victoria, Australia providing a specialist centre for training and vocational education in Hospitality, Tourism and Culinary Arts.	William Angliss Institute of TAFE	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foo Lake is a 4 acre lake in the Chequamegon National Forest in Sawyer County, Wisconsin.	Foo Lake	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Asbi (Persian: پشت اسبي‎, also Romanized as Posht Asbī; also known as Tolombeh-ye Fatḥābād) is a village in Malekabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Posht Asbi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loqman Cheshmeh (Persian: لقمان چشمه‎, also Romanized as Loqmān Cheshmeh) is a village in Simakan Rural District, in the Central District of Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Loqman Cheshmeh	Simakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Algonquin Peak is in the MacIntyre Range in the town of North Elba, in Essex County, New York.	Algonquin Peak	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harley-Davidson Museum is a North American museum near downtown, Milwaukee, Wisconsin celebrating the more than 100-year history of Harley-Davidson motorcycles.	Harley-Davidson Museum	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Speyer Hauptbahnhof is the more important of the two railway stations in the city of Speyer in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Speyer Hauptbahnhof	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vajjareh (Persian: وجاره‎, also Romanized as Vajjāreh, Vajāreh, and Vejāreh; also known as Vajāh) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Vajjareh	Baraan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Everhope Plantation, known throughout most of its history as the Captain Nathan Carpenter House and more recently as Twin Oaks Plantation, is a historic plantation house near Eutaw, Alabama.	Everhope Plantation	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bargur (also known as Barugur or Barguru) is a town panchayat in Krishnagiri district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Bargur	Krishnagiri district
located in the administrative territorial entity	David Wayne Hooks Memorial Airport (IATA: DWH, ICAO: KDWH, FAA LID: DWH) is a public-use airport located near the city of Tomball in unincorporated Harris County, Texas.	David Wayne Hooks Memorial Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. J. W. S. Gallagher House is a 1913 Prairie School house in Winona, Minnesota, United States, designed by the noted architectural firm of Purcell & Elmslie.	Dr. J. W. S. Gallagher House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perry Beeches is an area of Great Barr, Birmingham, England, within the parliamentary constituency of Perry Barr.	Perry Beeches	Perry Barr
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kamloops Memorial Arena is an ice hockey arena built in 1948 in Kamloops, British Columbia.	Kamloops Memorial Arena	Kamloops, British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atar Kalleh (Persian: اتركله‎') is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Atar Kalleh	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Ruś (ˈstara ˈruɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stara Ruś	Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Polygonal Barn, Lincoln Township was an historical structure located in Lincoln Township in rural Johnson County, Iowa.	Polygonal Barn, Lincoln Township	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuryab (Persian: شورياب‎, also Romanized as Shūryāb and Shūrāb) is a village in Taghenkoh-e Jonubi Rural District, Taghenkoh District, Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shuryab	Taghenkoh-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzewnowo (ʐɛvˈnɔvɔ) (German: Revenow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rzewnowo	Gmina Kamień Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harford Community College is a community college for Harford County, Maryland in Churchville, in eastern Harford County, in the northeast area of the State of Maryland.	Harford Community College	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fayetteville Confederate Cemetery is a cemetery for soldiers of the Confederate States of America located on the eastern side of Fayetteville in Washington County, Arkansas.	Fayetteville Confederate Cemetery	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adams Mine is an abandoned open pit iron ore mine located in the Boston Township of the District of Timiskaming, 11 km (6.8 mi) south of Kirkland Lake in the Canadian province of Ontario.	Adams Mine	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błażejewice (bwaʐɛjɛˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Błażejewice	Gmina Biała Rawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castiglione del Lago is a town in the Province of Perugia of Umbria (central Italy), on the southwest corner of Lake Trasimeno.	Castiglione del Lago	Province of Perugia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojnarowice (vɔi̯narɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Wernersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wojnarowice	Gmina Sobótka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Harris Bridge, also known locally as the South Bridge, carries Interstate 83 and the Capital Beltway across the Susquehanna River connecting downtown Harrisburg, Pennsylvania and its western suburbs in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.	John Harris Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRQB (96.1 FM) is one of four southern California radio stations branded as ``Que Buena'' and which all play Mexican regional music.	KRQB	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyd School is a historic, Italianate style school house built in 1889, in Holmes County, Ohio.	Boyd School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn High School is a public high school located just outside Mishawaka, Indiana, USA, near South Bend.	Penn High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chudzyno (xuˈd͡zɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chudzyno	Gmina Drobin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Masun (Persian: دره ماسون‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Māsūn) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Masun	Padena-ye Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alumni Coliseum is a multi-use sports arena located on the campus of Eastern Kentucky University in Richmond, Kentucky.	Alumni Coliseum	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yashiro Japanese Garden is a Japanese garden located in Olympia, Washington, United States.	Yashiro Japanese Garden	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	TheTawachiche River flows from north to south, on a distance of 25 km, entirely in the territory of the Municipality of Lac-aux-Sables in Mauricie in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Tawachiche River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jenesien (Italian: San Genesio Atesino) is a comune (municipality) in the province of South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northwest of the city of Bolzano.	Jenesien	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Island is a man-made island at the southern tip of Cape May County, New Jersey.	Cape Island	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osetna (ɔˈsɛtna) (German: Johannisberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Osetna	Gmina Lipiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	All Faith Church, or All Faith Protestant Episcopal Church, is a historic church located at Charlotte Hall, St. Mary's County, Maryland.	All Faith Church	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzyki (ˈʐɨkʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrychów, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rzyki	Gmina Andrychów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burlöv Municipality (Burlövs kommun) is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden, just north of Malmö.	Burlöv Municipality	Skåne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parchowski Bór (parˈxɔfski ˈbur) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Parchowski Bór	Gmina Parchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inderkum High School is an American public high school located in Sacramento, California, United States serving grades 9--12 in the Natomas Unified School District.	Inderkum High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talisin (Persian: تليسين‎, also Romanized as Talīsīn) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Talisin	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Gurki (Persian: دشت گوركي‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Gūrkī) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Gurki	Aliabad-e Malek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thalacode is a small village of Kerala, India, situated in Ernakulam district, near Chottanikkara Devi Temple.	Thalacode	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gentioux-Pigerolles (Occitan: Genciòus) is a commune in the Creuse department in the Limousin region in central France.	Gentioux-Pigerolles	Creuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oyen is a small town in eastern Alberta, close to the Saskatchewan boundary, north of Medicine Hat.	Oyen	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falizak (Persian: فاليزك‎, also Romanized as Fālīzak; also known as Pālīzak) is a village in Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Falizak	Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gracehill Moravian Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery located southwest of Washington, Iowa, United States.	Gracehill Moravian Church and Cemetery	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lakehurst School District is a community public school district serving students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Lakehurst, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Lakehurst School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	National Gurdwara is a Sikh gurdwara located in Washington, D.C. Located on Massachusetts Avenue, the National Gurdwara is the first and only Sikh institution in the capital of the United States.	National Gurdwara	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	KACY (102.5 FM) is a radio station licensed in Arkansas City, Kansas, USA, broadcasting a classic hits format.	KACY	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pattathurani is a village located on the border of the Thanjavur and Pudukkottai districts in Tamil Nadu, India.	Pattathurani	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moradkhanli (Persian: مرادخانلي‎, also Romanized as Morādkhānlī; also known as Morādkhānlū and Qeshlāq Morād Khānlū) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Moradkhanli	Qareh Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Armstrong Creek Growth Area is a southern extension to the urban growth boundary of the metropolitan area of Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Armstrong Creek Growth Area	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leopoldsteinersee is a mountain lake in Styria, in the east of Austria, about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northwest of the city of Eisenerz.	Leopoldsteinersee	Styria
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAJE (107.3 FM, ``107.3 Jake FM'') is a classic hits radio station licensed to Ingleside, Texas, USA.	KAJE	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warren Lasch Conservation Center is a building located at 1250 Supply Street at the former Charleston Navy Yard, in North Charleston, South Carolina.	Warren Lasch Conservation Center	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rockford Morning Star Building, located at 127 N. Wyman St. in Rockford, Illinois, is a historic building originally used by the Rockford Morning Star.	Rockford Morning Star Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharqabad (Persian: شرق اباد‎, also Romanized as Sharqābād) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sharqabad	Aliabad-e Malek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Now-e Kherabeh (Persian: ده نوخرابه‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Kherābeh; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Kherabeh	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleckheaton is a town in the Metropolitan borough of Kirklees, in West Yorkshire, England.	Cleckheaton	West Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chicago Club, founded in 1869, is a private social club located at 81 East Van Buren Street at Michigan Avenue in the Loop neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois in the United States.	Chicago Club	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gum Lagoon Conservation Park is an 8765 ha protected area about 40 km south-west of Keith in the Limestone Coast region of South Australia.	Gum Lagoon Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raisbeck Aviation High School (or RAHS), part of the Highline School District, is located in Tukwila, Washington.	Raisbeck Aviation High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bożanka (bɔˈʐanka) (German Friedrichshuld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bożanka	Gmina Trzebielino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowharin (Persian: گوهرين‎, also Romanized as Gowharīn) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowharin	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pirates' House is a historic restaurant and tavern established in 1753 located in downtown Savannah, Georgia in the Southern United States.	Pirates' House	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalala (جلالہ) is a village and union council in Mardan District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.	Jalala	Mardan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leonard Creek (also known as Leonards Creek or Leonard's Creek) is a tributary of Bowman Creek in Luzerne County and Wyoming County, in Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Leonard Creek	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sălacea (Hungarian: Szalacs) is a commune in Bihor County, northwestern Romania with a population of 3,096.	Sălacea	Bihor County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robinson's Hole is the strait in Massachusetts' Elizabeth Islands separating Naushon Island from Pasque Island.	Robinson's Hole	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield Sunrise, commonly known as Sunrise Mall, is a shopping mall located in East Massapequa, New York.	Westfield Sunrise	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halland Museum of Cultural History (Swedish: Hallands kulturhistoriska museum) is a museum of cultural history in Varberg, Sweden.	Halland Museum of Cultural History	Varberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telun Gord (Persian: تلون گرد‎, also Romanized as Telūn Gord) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Telun Gord	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Regal Cinema is an Art deco Movie theatre located at Colaba Causeway, in Mumbai, India.	Regal Cinema	Mumbai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarmanovsky District (Russian: Сарма́новский райо́н; Tatar: Сарман районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Sarmanovsky District	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belle Mina, known as Belmina during the 19th century, is a historic plantation and plantation house in Belle Mina, Alabama, United States.	Belle Mina	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canadian Museum for Human Rights (CMHR) is a national museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, located adjacent to The Forks.	Canadian Museum for Human Rights	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sammach-e Miru (Persian: سماچ ميرو‎, also Romanized as Sammāch-e Mīrū; also known as Sammāch) is a village in Negur Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sammach-e Miru	Negur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chellowe is a historic plantation home located on county route 623 in Buckingham County, Virginia.	Chellowe	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phinizy Swamp Nature Park is a 1,100-acre (450 ha) nature park in Augusta, Georgia.	Phinizy Swamp Nature Park	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heigenbrücken is a municipality in the Aschaffenburg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and seat of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Heigenbrücken.	Heigenbrücken	Aschaffenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Haig-Brown is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 22 km (14 mi) east of Gold River and 4 km (2 mi) south of Mount Filberg.	Mount Haig-Brown	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cameron Range is a small, low mountain range in northernwestern British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of Port Chanal on the western side of Graham Island of the Queen Charlotte Islands.	Cameron Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Long Level was a section on the old Erie Canal, extending from Frankfort, New York 70 miles (110 km) westward to Syracuse, New York.	Long Level	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Street Union Depot was a passenger train station in Detroit, Michigan at the southwest corner of West Fort Street and Third Street in downtown Detroit, it served the city from 1893 to 1971.	Fort Street Union Depot	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mijanowo (mijaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mijanowo	Gmina Trzemeszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duparun (Persian: دوپرون‎, also Romanized as Dūparūn; also known as Dowparan) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Duparun	Seydun-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laghizar-e Magher (Persian: لغي زارماغر‎, also Romanized as Laghīzār-e Māgher; also known as Laghzār) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Laghizar-e Magher	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Olaf College is a coeducational, residential, four-year, private liberal arts college in Northfield, Minnesota, United States.	St. Olaf College	Northfield	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fischingen Abbey (Kloster Fischingen), now Fischingen Priory, is a Benedictine monastery situated in Fischingen in the Canton of Thurgau, Switzerland, on the upper reaches of the Murg, a tributary of the Thur.	Fischingen Abbey	Thurgau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hawaii Department of Public Safety operates the Oahu Community Correctional Center (OCC), the sole short-term incarceration and pretrial jail, on a 16-acre (6.5 ha) plot in Kalihi.	Kalihi	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierakowo Słupskie (ɕɛraˈkɔvɔ ˈswupskʲɛ) (German Zirchow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sierakowo Słupskie	Gmina Kobylnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatbox Field (IATA: HAX, ICAO: KHAX, FAA LID: HAX) is a closed airfield located within city limits, two nautical miles (3.7 km) west of central Muskogee, a city in Muskogee County, Oklahoma, United States.	Hatbox Field	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chainhurst is a minor village in the Marden parish council area of Maidstone district of Kent, England.	Chainhurst	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of Trois-Rivières is a canton in the Arrondissement of Basse-Terre in the department of Guadeloupe.	Canton of Trois-Rivières	Arrondissement of Basse-Terre	Guadeloupe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brynek (ˈbrɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tworóg, within Tarnowskie Góry County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Brynek	Gmina Tworóg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kildorrery (Irish: Cill Dairbhre: ``oak-forest church'') is a village in north County Cork, Ireland.	Kildorrery	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trenton Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district, serving students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Trenton, in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, and includes 16 elementary schools, 2 middle schools and 3 high school programs.	Trenton Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGYY/WGYI, branded as Froggy 100.3 and 98.5, are country music formatted radio stations in Crawford County, Pennsylvania.	WGYY	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Aspid Guzenan (Persian: اب اسپيدگوزنان‎, also Romanized as Āb Āspīd Gūzenān) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ab Aspid Guzenan	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Crow Airport (IATA: YOC, ICAO: CYOC) is located in Old Crow, Yukon, Canada, and is operated by the Yukon government.	Old Crow Airport	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Świdziałówka (ˈnɔva ɕfid͡ʑaˈwufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Nowa Świdziałówka	Gmina Krynki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosówek (rɔˈsuvɛk) (German Neu Rosow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Rosówek	Gmina Kołbaskowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bača pri Modreju (pronounced (ˈbaːtʃa pɾi mɔˈdɾɛːju) or (ˈbaːtʃa pɾi mɔˈdɾeːju); in older sources also Bača pri Modreji) is a village in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Bača pri Modreju	Tolmin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadro is quarter of the city of Lugano and a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Cadro	Lugano	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stefanów Barczewski Pierwszy (stɛˈfanuf barˈt͡ʂɛfski ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stefanów Barczewski Pierwszy	Gmina Brzeźnio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riedstadt-Goddelau station, along with Riedstadt Wolfskehlen station, serves the town of Riedstadt in the south of the German state of Hesse.	Riedstadt-Goddelau station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Ship African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church in Montgomery, Alabama.	Old Ship African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amruthalur is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Amruthalur	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Bant tern colony is a breeding colony of common terns (Sterna hirundo) at Lake Bant (Banter See in German) in the port city of Wilhelmshaven, north-western Germany.	Lake Bant tern colony	Wilhelmshaven
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chelsea Street Bridge is a vertical-lift bridge that carries Chelsea Street between East Boston, Massachusetts, and Chelsea, Massachusetts, over the Chelsea Creek.	Chelsea Street Bridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coffey County Airport (ICAO: KUKL, FAA LID: UKL) is a county-owned public-use airport located seven miles (11 km) north of the central business district of Burlington, a city in Coffey County, Kansas, United States.	Coffey County Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Dahaneh (Persian: چاه دهنه‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Dahaneh) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Dahaneh	Nimbeluk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BMO Centre is the largest convention center in Calgary, Alberta.	BMO Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Litchfield Historic District, in Litchfield, Connecticut, is a National Historic Landmark District designated in 1968 as a notable and well-preserved example of a typical late 18th century New England village.	Litchfield Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruszcza-Kolonia (ˈruʂt͡ʂa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ruszcza-Kolonia	Gmina Łoniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kållered is a locality and a township situated in Mölndal Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 7,456 inhabitants in 2010.	Kållered	Mölndal Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowles Bog is an 8,000-year-old fen in the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore, near Chesterton, Indiana.	Cowles Bog	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caramoan is a first-class municipality in the province of Camarines Sur, Bicol Region, Philippines.	Caramoan	Camarines Sur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brant Fell is a hill in the English Lake District, near Bowness-on-Windermere, Cumbria.	Brant Fell	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamionowo (kamjɔˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kamionowo	Gmina Troszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntsman Cancer Institute (HCI) is an NCI-designated cancer research facility and hospital located on the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Huntsman Cancer Institute	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Mezzaun (western summit: 2,963 m, eastern summit: 3,000 m) is a mountain in the Livigno Range of the Alps, located east of La Punt-Chamues-ch in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Mezzaun	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrače (Serbian: Добраче) is a village in the municipality of Arilje, Serbia.	Dobrače	Arilje
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kowloon Peninsula is a peninsula that forms the southern part of the main landmass in the territory of Hong Kong.	Kowloon Peninsula	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Remarkable National Park is a protected area in South Australia located about 238 kilometres (148 mi) north of Adelaide and 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Port Augusta.	Mount Remarkable National Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Repiszcza (rɛˈpiʂt͡ʂa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Repiszcza	Gmina Czeremcha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastling is a small village 4½ miles to the southwest of Faversham, Kent in England.	Eastling	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Ludlam House is located in the Dennisville section of Dennis Township in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.	Henry Ludlam House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skromnica (skrɔmˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skromnica	Gmina Ozorków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oakachoy Covered Bridge (sometimes spelled 'Okachoy'), also known as the Thomas Covered Bridge, was a county owned wooden covered bridge which spanned Oakachoy Creek in Coosa County, Alabama, United States.	Oakachoy Covered Bridge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Terenah is a water management system used and ruins are located in the Kukherd District (Persian: بخش كوخرد‎‎), in Hormozgan Province.	Terenah	Kukherd District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczowate (lɛʂt͡ʂɔˈvatɛ) (Ukrainian: Ліщувате Lishchuvate) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Leszczowate	Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raroia Airport (IATA: RRR, ICAO: NTKO) is an airport on the atoll of Raroia, part of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia.	Raroia Airport	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of Leask No. 464, Saskatchewan is located in the North Central portion of the province in SARM Division No. 5, and west of the city of Prince Albert.	Rural Municipality of Leask No. 464	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camp des Milles was a French internment camp, opened in September 1939, in a former tile factory near the village of Les Milles, part of the commune of Aix-en-Provence (Bouches-du-Rhône).	Camp des Milles	Aix-en-Provence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lexington Centre (often spelled Center since the 1980s), often simply called the Centre by locals, is both the geographic and retail center of Lexington, Massachusetts on Massachusetts Avenue.	Lexington Centre	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olympian High School is a public high school located within the Sweetwater Union High School District in San Diego County, California.	Olympian High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Argelliers (Occitan: Argelièrs) is a commune in the Hérault department in southern its really hot and cold booyah France.	Argelliers	Hérault
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenamoy (Irish: Gleann na Muaidhe) is a village on the R314 road in the parish of Kilcommon, Erris in the northern part of County Mayo in Ireland.	Glenamoy	County Mayo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wintergreen Gorge Bridge is a 1,114-foot (340 m), steel, plate girder bridge that carries Pennsylvania Route 290 and the Bayfront Connector over Fourmile Creek and the Wintergreen Gorge in Harborcreek Township, Erie County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Wintergreen Gorge Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Logan Hospital is located at corner Armstrong and Loganlea Roads in Meadowbrook, Queensland, Australia.	Logan Hospital	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golf House is a former estate house that was constructed in the early 1900s by John D. Rockefeller in Lakewood Township in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Golf House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charbowo (xarˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłecko, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Charbowo	Gmina Kłecko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Almy D. Coggleshall Plotter Kill Preserve is a 632-acre (2.56 km2) nature reserve and hiking area located on Route 159 in the town of Rotterdam, Schenectady County, New York State.	Plotter Kill Preserve	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vayala is a small town located in the Meenachil(Pala) Taluk of Kottayam district Kerala, India.	Vayala	Kottayam district Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayside State Prison (BSP) is a state prison for men located in Leesburg, Maurice River Township, New Jersey.	Bayside State Prison	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komadul (Persian: كمادول‎, also Romanized as Komādūl; also known as Kamādel) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Komadul	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korolówka (kɔrɔˈlufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Korolówka	Gmina Włodawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ambala Jattan is a village in Punjab, India, located in district Hoshiarpur, nearby Garhdiwala.	Ambala Jattan	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad (1) (Persian: اسلام اباد (1)‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād (1); also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Eslamabad (1)	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toliszczek (tɔˈliʂt͡ʂɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Toliszczek	Gmina Gniewino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ida Noyes Hall is a three-story, Neo-Gothic building located on the University of Chicago campus in Chicago, Illinois.	Ida Noyes Hall	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas L. Kane Memorial Chapel is a historic church located in Kane, Pennsylvania, in McKean County.	Thomas L. Kane Memorial Chapel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Wood is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River 4 miles (6 km) west of the town of Gonzales in Gonzales County, Texas.	Lake Wood	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miraki (Persian: ميركي‎, also Romanized as Mīrakī) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Miraki	Quri Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yosemite Valley Chapel was built in the Yosemite Valley of California in 1879.	Yosemite Valley Chapel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onyx Summit is a mountain pass located in the San Bernardino Mountains in the southwestern part of San Bernardino County, California, USA.	Onyx Summit	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance is an automotive charitable event held each year on the Pebble Beach Golf Links in Pebble Beach, California, considered the most prestigious event of its kind.	Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avin-e Sofla (Persian: اوين سفلي‎, also Romanized as Āvīn-e Soflá; also known as Āvīn-e Pā’īn and Avin Pa’in) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Avin-e Sofla	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Egmating is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg.	Egmating	Ebersberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yapei or Bupei is a small town in the Central Gonja District, a district in the Northern Region of north Ghana.	Yapei	Central Gonja District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prioma (ˈprjɔma) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płośnica, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Prioma	Gmina Płośnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lampson Field (IATA: CKE, FAA LID: 1O2) is a public airport located three miles (4.8 km) south of the town of Lakeport, in Lake County, California, USA.	Lampson Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New York Belting and Packing Co. complex, also known locally for its main 20th-century occupant, the Fabric Fire Hose Company, is a historic industrial complex at 45-71, 79-89 Glen Road in Newtown, Connecticut.	New York Belting and Packing Co.	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	It gave its name to the nearby Upminster Bridge tube station, which opened in 1934, and has also been applied to the neighbourhood around the station in the London Borough of Havering.	Upminster Bridge	London Borough of Havering
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fig Island, also known as 38CH42, is an archaeological site on the Atlantic Coast of South Carolina, consisting of three shell rings.	Fig Island	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunnybrook Park is a large public park in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Sunnybrook Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khachekin (Persian: خاچكين‎, also Romanized as Khāchekīn; also known as Hājkīn, Khadzhakhkin, Khājīkīn, Khājkīn, Khavaj Kin, Khvāchekīn, Khvājeh Kheyr, Khvājgīn, and Khvājkīn) is a village in Chukam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khachekin	Chukam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiloni is a village the Mathura district in Uttar Pradesh state of India.	Kiloni	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górka Powielińska (ˈɡurka pɔvjɛˈliɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Górka Powielińska	Gmina Winnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Rock is a tall peak on the Columbia Plateau in Washington, USA.	Indian Rock	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Alessio in Aspromonte is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	Sant'Alessio in Aspromonte	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kish-e Rudbar (Persian: كيش رودبار‎, also Romanized as Kīsh-e Rūdbār; also known as Kīsheh Rūdbār) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kish-e Rudbar	Gurab Pas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRTG (1000 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Garner, North Carolina.	WRTG	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Theater in der Josefstadt is a theater in Vienna in the eighth district of Josefstadt.	Theater in der Josefstadt	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsarevo Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Царево, Obshtina Tsarevo) is a municipality in Burgas Province, Bulgaria.	Tsarevo Municipality	Burgas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ibkilwit Lava Bed is a lava bed on Nunivak Island in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Ibkilwit Lava Bed	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellinge Castle (Swedish: Ellinge slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Ellinge Castle	Eslöv Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangeh-ye Raz (Persian: تنگه راز‎, also Romanized as Tangeh-ye Rāz and Tangeh Rāz; also known as Tangeh-ye Zār) is a village in Raz Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tangeh-ye Raz	Raz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôpital du Sacré-Cœur de Montréal is a hospital in the Cartierville neighbourhood of Montreal, in Quebec, Canada.	Hôpital du Sacré-Cœur de Montréal	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balam Jerk (Persian: بلمجرك‎, also Romanized as Balam Jerīk) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Balam Jerk	Qaleh Qafeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słodków-Kolonia (ˈswɔtkuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Słodków-Kolonia	Gmina Turek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Benjamin Shotwell House, or the Shotwell-Runyon House, is a historic house in Edison, Middlesex County, New Jersey.	Benjamin Shotwell House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kibbanahalli (Kannada: ಕಿಬ್ಬನಹಳ್ಳಿ ) is a village in the Tiptur taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka state, India.	Kibbanahalli	Tumkur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosemelling is a hamlet in the civil parish of Luxulyan, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Rosemelling	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kępa Chwałowska (ˈkɛmpa xfaˈwɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kępa Chwałowska	Gmina Dwikozy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campofiorito (Sicilian: Campuciurutu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) south of Palermo.	Campofiorito	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kesmun (Persian: كسمون‎, also Romanized as Kesmūn; also known as Gesmān and Kesmān) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kesmun	Pariz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	King's Stanley is a village in Gloucestershire, England, situated southwest of the town of Stroud.	King's Stanley	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajmundów (rai̯ˈmunduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łanięta, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rajmundów	Gmina Łanięta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Düppenweiler is a village in Germany that belongs to the federal state of Saarland.	Düppenweiler	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stow-Munroe Falls High School (SMFHS) -- often referred to as Stow High School (SHS) -- is a public high school located in Stow, Ohio, a suburb of Akron in Northeast Ohio.	Stow-Munroe Falls High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oingt is a commune in the Rhône department of the Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.	Oingt	Rhône
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caribbean Motel is an historic motel located in Wildwood Crest, Cape May County, New Jersey, United States, in an area now known as the Wildwoods Shore Resort Historic District.	Caribbean Motel	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McIntosh Corner Historic District is a historic district encompassing an area that was formerly the principal town center of Needham, Massachusetts.	McIntosh Corner Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District (Persian: دهستان كمازان سفلي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District	Zand District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Layer Road was a Football League stadium in Colchester, England.	Layer Road	Colchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gorges du Guiers Mort is a canyon located in the French department of Isère, downstream of Saint-Pierre-de-Chartreuse.	Gorges du Guiers Mort	Isère
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piotrkosice (pjɔtrkɔˈɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Piotrkosice	Gmina Milicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Hills High School had a storied football tradition in quad Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic League (WPIAL) play.	North Hills High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muckle Roe is an island in Shetland, Scotland, in St. Magnus Bay, to the west of Mainland, Shetland.	Muckle Roe	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hinton Ampner House is a stately home with gardens within the civil parish of Bramdean and Hinton Ampner, near Alresford, Hampshire, England.	Hinton Ampner	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of Aargau (German Kanton Aargau ; rarely anglicized Argovia; see also other names) is one of the more northerly cantons of Switzerland.	Aargau	Switzerland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Bogoria (kɔˈlɔɲa bɔˈɡɔrja) (till 31 December 2000 as at Bogoria Kolonia and till 31 December 2005 with type of settlement as of colony independent) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kolonia Bogoria	Gmina Bogoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żery-Czubiki (ˈʐɛrɨ t͡ʂuˈbiki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Żery-Czubiki	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cox Furniture Store (also known as the Simonson Opera House or Edwards Opera House or New Baird Theater) c. 1890 is a historic site in Gainesville, Florida, United States.	Cox Furniture Store	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yingshouyingzi Mining District (simplified Chinese: 鹰手营子矿区; traditional Chinese: 鷹手營子礦區; pinyin: Yīngshǒuyíngzǐ Kuàng Qū) is a district of Chengde, Hebei, China.	Yingshouyingzi Mining District	Chengde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhannur also spelled as Dhannooru (Kannada: ಧನ್ನೂರು ) is a village in the Hungund taluk of Bagalkot district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Dhannur	Bagalkot district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dergholm State Park is located in the far west of Victoria, Australia.	Dergholm State Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tokhmar (Persian: تخمار‎, also Romanized as Tokhmār) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District, in the Central District of Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Tokhmar	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Mace Smith House is a historic house at 399 N. Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.	John Mace Smith House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flüela Pass (elevation 2383 m) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps in the canton of Graubünden.	Flüela Pass	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hütten Hills (German: Hüttener Berge, Danish: Hytten Bjerge) are an area of upland, up to 105.8 m above sea level (NHN), roughly west of the town of Eckernförde in the county of Rendsburg-Eckernförde in the North German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Hütten Hills	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emam Safi (Persian: امام صفي‎, also Romanized as Emām Şafī; also known as Emām and Imām Shāfī) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Emam Safi	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kramsk-Łęgi (ˈkramsk ˈwɛnɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west central Poland.	Kramsk-Łęgi	Gmina Kramsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	There are several small villages and hamlets with the name Ballabeg in the Isle of Man.	Ballabeg	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alandi (Marathi: आळंदी) is a city and a municipal council in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Alandi	Pune district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harrell Site, also known as the M.D. Harrell Site, is a Native American archeological site near South Bend in southern Young County, Texas.	Harrell Site	Young County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akkulam (Malayalam: ആക്കുളം) is a neighborhood of Thiruvananthapuram city, the capital of Kerala state in India.	Akkulam	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poudre School District (R-1) is a K--12 public school district in Larimer County in northern Colorado.	Poudre School District	Larimer County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humphreys Academy is a private, nonsectarian, school in Belzoni, Mississippi (USA).	Humphreys Academy	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Hickman House located at 31 West Hickman Street, is a brick house in Winchester, the county seat of Clark County, Kentucky, United States.	William Hickman House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardington and Lockinge is a civil parish within the Vale of White Horse district located about 2 miles (3 km) east of Wantage, Oxfordshire.	Ardington and Lockinge	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is part of the Royal Borough of Greenwich, and takes its name from the main thoroughfare, Maze Hill.	Maze Hill	Royal Borough of Greenwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Borough of Bromley i/ˈbrɒmli/ is one of the 32 London Boroughs (plus the City) which make up Greater London.	London Borough of Bromley	Greater London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Seyleh-ye Sofla (Persian: ابوسيله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Abū Seyleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Seyleh-ye Sofla	Jarahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexander Morrison National Park is a national park in Western Australia, located 207 kilometres (129 mi) north of Perth in the Shire of Coorow along the Green Head-Coorow Road.	Alexander Morrison National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashland/Lineville Airport (FAA LID: 26A) is a county-owned public-use airport located 2 nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Ashland, a town in Clay County, Alabama, United States.	Ashland/Lineville Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Calder (Scots: Wast Cauder, Gaelic: Calder an Iar) is a town in West Lothian, Scotland, located 4 miles west of Livingston.	West Calder	West Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hezar Khani-ye Sofla (Persian: هزارخاني سفلي‎, also Romanized as Hezār Khānī-ye Soflá) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hezar Khani-ye Sofla	Bavaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakhanpura is a village in Bhawarkol block, Tahsil- Mohammadbad District, in Ghazipur state, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Pakhanpura	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drwęck (drvɛnt͡sk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Drwęck	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warningcamp is a clustered village and larger, semi-wooded mid-size civil parish in the Arun District of West Sussex, England.	Warningcamp	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soltan Meydan (Persian: سلطان ميدان‎, also Romanized as Solţān Meydān and Sultān Maidān) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Soltan Meydan	Sarvelayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morgan-Bedinger-Dandridge House -- first known as Poplar Grove, then Rosebrake -- is part of a group of structures affiliated with the Morgan's Grove rural historic district near Shepherdstown, West Virginia.	Morgan-Bedinger-Dandridge House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey of Notre-Dame des Dombes (French: Abbaye Notre-Dame-des-Dombes) is a former Trappist monastery located in Le Plantay in the Dombes region, in the Ain department of eastern France.	Abbey of Notre-Dame des Dombes	Le Plantay
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Octagonal Poultry House, also known as the Walter P. Taylor Octagon, is an historic octagonal farm building located in Cold Spring, in Lower Township in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.	Octagonal Poultry House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kostarowce (kɔstaˈrɔft͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Костарівці, Kostarivtsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kostarowce	Gmina Sanok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beulah Baptist Church (Alexandria, Virginia) was established in 1863 in an African American neighborhood (``the Bottoms'') in Alexandria, Virginia, USA.	Beulah Baptist Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley State Prison, previously the Valley State Prison for Women (VSPW), is a state prison in Chowchilla, California.	Valley State Prison	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zębowo-Kolonia (zɛmˈbɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zębowo-Kolonia	Gmina Kobylnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aknoor is a village panchayat in Cherial mandal in Warangal district in the state of Telangana in south India.	Aknoor	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	800 Tower City Apartments, formerly The 800 Apartments, is a skyscraper just south of Downtown, Louisville, Kentucky, and an example of modern architecture.	The 800 Apartments	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poortgebouw is a national monument located by the River Maas in the Kop van Zuid area of Rotterdam, Netherlands.	Poortgebouw	Rotterdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	LIM College is a private, specialized undergraduate and graduate college focused on the business of fashion in Midtown Manhattan.	LIM College	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	LPS Arena (Romanian: Sala de sport a Liceului cu Program Sportiv) is an indoor arena in the north-western Romanian city of Satu Mare.	LPS Arena	Satu Mare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grzępa (ˈɡʐɛmpa) (German Neu Hakenberg) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grzępa	Gmina Sztum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lah Meleh-ye Vosta-ye Jowkar (Persian: له مله وسطي جوكار‎, also Romanized as Lah Meleh-ye Vosţá-ye Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Lah Meleh-ye Vosta-ye Jowkar	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jesse C. Carson High School (often referred to as just Carson High School) is a public, co-educational secondary school located near China Grove, North Carolina.	Jesse C. Carson High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berry Hill Plantation, also known simply as Berry Hill, is a historic plantation located on the west side of South Boston in Halifax County, Virginia, USA.	Berry Hill Plantation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gezel Qayeh (Persian: گزل قايه‎, also Romanized as Gezel Qāyeh, Gozalqayah, and Gozalqāyeh; also known as Qizil Qiya) is a village in Lak Rural District, Serishabad District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gezel Qayeh	Lak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elora Gorge is a popular tourist attraction located at the western edge of Elora, Ontario, Canada, which is 25 km from the city of Guelph through highway 6.	Elora Gorge	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yalbandan (Persian: يالبندان‎, also Romanized as Yālbandān) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District, Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Yalbandan	Kelarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cagayancillo is a sixth class island municipality in the province of Palawan, Philippines, located between the islands of Palawan and Negros in the Sulu Sea.	Cagayancillo	Palawan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hakaniemi (Swedish Hagnäs) is an unofficial district of Helsinki, the Finnish capital.	Hakaniemi	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pizki (Persian: پيزكي‎, also Romanized as Pīzkī; also known as Pīzgī and Pūzgī) is a village in Rameshk Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pizki	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stockton Street Tunnel is a tunnel in San Francisco, California, and carries its namesake street underneath a section of Nob Hill near Chinatown for about three blocks.	Stockton Street Tunnel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stony Point (Henderson) Light is a lighthouse on the shore of Lake Ontario near Henderson Bay in New York.	Stony Point (Henderson) Light	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umapur (Kannada: ಉಮಾಪುರ) is a village in the Basavakalyan taluk of Bidar district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Umapur	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newark City Hall, is located at Government Center in Newark, Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Newark City Hall	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pitreavie Castle is a country house, located between Rosyth and Dunfermline in Fife, Scotland.	Pitreavie Castle	Fife	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norrhult-Klavreström is a bimunicipal locality situated in Uppvidinge Municipality in Kronoberg County, Sweden with 1,215 inhabitants in 2010.	Norrhult-Klavreström	Uppvidinge Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mall at Oyster Bay was the name of a proposed shopping mall to be located in Syosset, New York, United States.	The Mall at Oyster Bay	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Polychrome Glaciers are five glaciers in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Polychrome Glaciers	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popowo-Huby (pɔˈpɔvɔ ˈxubɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Popowo-Huby	Gmina Mieścisko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biskupice Ołoboczne (biskuˈpit͡sɛ ɔwɔˈbɔt͡ʂnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Biskupice Ołoboczne	Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairlawn High School is a public high school east of Sidney, Ohio.	Fairlawn High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lansing Correctional Facility (LCF) is a state prison operated by the Kansas Department of Corrections.	Lansing Correctional Facility	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trępnowy (trɛmpˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Staw, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trępnowy	Gmina Nowy Staw
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aréna Iamgold (previously known as the Aréna Dave-Keon) is a 2,150-seat (total capacity 3,500) multi-purpose arena in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec, Canada.	Aréna Iamgold	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Stone House Museum, a student dormitory once known as Athenian Hall, is a museum run by the Orleans County Historical Society in Brownington, Vermont.	Old Stone House Museum	Brownington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brigantine Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Brigantine, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Brigantine Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobyliny (kɔbɨˈlinɨ) (German: Kobling) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kobyliny	Gmina Młynary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oettern-Bremke is a village in the borough of Detmold in the district of Lippe in the German federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia and lies about 5 km north of the town centre.	Oettern-Bremke	Detmold
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nisbet House is a 17th-century mansion in the Scottish Borders.	Nisbet House	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zakrzewo-Ranki (zaˈkʂɛvɔ ˈraŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zakrzewo-Ranki	Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golulan-e Sofla (Persian: گلولان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Golūlān-e Soflá; also known as Galūlān and Golūlān) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Golulan-e Sofla	Il Gavark Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grundisburgh is a village of 1,584 residents situated in the English county of Suffolk.	Grundisburgh	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington High School, commonly referred to as Massillon High School or Massillon Washington High School, is a 9th to 12th grade secondary school within the Massillon City School District in the city of Massillon, Ohio, United States.	Massillon Washington High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakskerta Church (Finnish: Kakskerran kirkko, Swedish: Kakskerta kyrka) is located in Turku, Finland on the island Kakskerta.	Kakskerta Church	Turku
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildwood Canyon is a canyon and California state park in the eastern foothills of the San Bernardino Mountains, within San Bernardino County, southern California.	Wildwood Canyon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Crosby Weir is a weir on the Brisbane River at Mount Crosby in South East Queensland, Australia.	Mount Crosby Weir	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorg Baghi (Persian: گرگ باغي‎, also Romanized as Gorg Bāghī; also known as Bāgh Garā, Gar-i-Bāgh, Gar-i-Bāqi, Gorg Bāgh, and Kūr-e Bāgh) is a village in Alishar Rural District, Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Gorg Baghi	Alishar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Traverse Light is located in Emmet County in the U.S. state of Michigan on the north side of the Little Traverse Bay of Lake Michigan on Harbor Point in West Traverse Township near Harbor Springs, Michigan.	Little Traverse Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śrubarnia (ɕruˈbarɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ogrodzieniec, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Śrubarnia	Ogrodzieniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Upper Big Branch Mine disaster occurred on April 5, 2010 roughly 1,000 feet (300 m) underground in Raleigh County, West Virginia at Massey Energy's Upper Big Branch coal mine located in Montcoal.	Upper Big Branch Mine disaster	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huanghuai is a town under the jurisdiction of Xingning City, Meizhou, in eastern Guangdong Province, China.	Huanghuai	Xingning
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boston Arts Academy (BAA) in Boston, Massachusetts, USA is Boston's first and only high school for the visual and performing arts and is a partnership between Boston Public Schools and the ProArts Consortium.	Boston Arts Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cosheston is a village and parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Cosheston	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wapping (/ˈwɒpɪŋ/ WOP-ing) is a district in East London, England, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	Wapping	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolperath is the third largest urban subdivision (Ortsteil) of the Neunkirchen-Seelscheid municipality in North Rhine-Westphalia, Rhein-Sieg, Germany.	Wolperath	Neunkirchen-Seelscheid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hickey Run is a tributary stream of the Anacostia River in Washington, D.C..	Hickey Run	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żywocice (ʐɨvɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) (German Zywodczütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krapkowice, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Żywocice	Gmina Krapkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś Podgórna (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ pɔdˈɡurna) (German: Neudorf am Berge) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowa Wieś Podgórna	Gmina Miłosław
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Webster Public Library is located in the Town of Webster, just outside Rochester, New York.	Webster Public Library	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thangallapally is a village in the Mandal of Sircilla in Karimnagar district in the state of Telangana, India.	Thangallapally	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookwood Labor College was a labor college located at 109 Cedar Road in Katonah, New York, in the United States.	Brookwood Labor College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	These five islands comprise the Sangkat Koh Rong or Commune 5 of Mittakpheap District.	Koh Rong	Mittakpheap District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wong K. Gew Mansion is a historic house located at 345 W. Clay St. in Stockton.	Wong K. Gew Mansion	Stockton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bokhvan (Persian: بخوان‎, also Romanized as Bokhvān) is a village in Fareghan Rural District, Fareghan District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bokhvan	Fareghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batun (Persian: باتون‎, also Romanized as Bātūn and Bāţūn) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Batun	Bakesh-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gollujeh-ye Abellu (Persian: گلوجه ابللو‎, also Romanized as Gollūjeh-ye Abellū; also known as Goljeh, Gollūjeh, Golujeh, and Gyulyudzha) is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gollujeh-ye Abellu	Azghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zahirabad-e Pain (Persian: ظهيرابادپائين‎, also Romanized as Z̧ahīrābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Ribāt-i-Bībi, Z̧ahīrābād, and Z̧ahīrābād Soflā) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zahirabad-e Pain	Azghand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haqnabad (Persian: حقن اباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩaqnābād; also known as Haqqābād) is a village in Shabeh Rural District, Jangal District, Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Haqnabad	Shabeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Mahmud (Persian: گودمحمود‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Maḩmūd) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Mahmud	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Malu (Persian: كلاته ملو‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Malū) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Malu	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Wysoki Małe (kɔˈlɔɲa vɨˈsɔki ˈmawɛ) (till December 31, 2000 as at Wysoki-Kolonia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kolonia Wysoki Małe	Gmina Bogoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vittoriale degli italiani (English translation: The shrine of Italian victories) is a hillside estate in the town of Gardone Riviera overlooking the Garda lake in province of Brescia, Lombardy.	Vittoriale degli italiani	Gardone Riviera
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernie Arbour Memorial Stadium is a stadium on Upper Kenilworth Avenue in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Bernie Arbour Memorial Stadium	Hamilton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banyaran-e Mirza Hoseyn (Persian: بان ياران ميرزاحسين‎, also Romanized as Bānyārān-e Mīrzā Ḩoseyn) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Banyaran-e Mirza Hoseyn	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRKT-FM is a commercial country music radio station in Albany, Oregon, USA, broadcasting to the Eugene-Springfield, Oregon and Willamette Valley areas on 99.9 FM.	KRKT-FM	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Pere de Casserres is a Benedictine monastery in the town of Les Masies de Roda, Osona comarca, Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Pere de Casserres	Les Masies de Roda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jayezan Rural District (Persian: دهستان جايزان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jayezan District, Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jayezan Rural District	Jayezan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moses Fowler House is located at the corner of 10th and South Streets in Lafayette, Indiana.	Moses Fowler House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahnea (Hungarian: Bonyha; Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbonihɒ), until 1898 Szászbonyha; German: Bachnen) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania.	Bahnea	Mureş County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emam Rural District (Persian: دهستان امام‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Emam Rural District	Ziviyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYSM-FM (103.5 FM, ``Country 103'') is an American radio station licensed to Mankato and serving the Minnesota River Valley.	KYSM-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kathumar is a town and tehsil of Alwar district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Kathumar	Alwar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincolnshire Aviation Heritage Centre is an aviation museum in East Kirkby, Lincolnshire, England.	Lincolnshire Aviation Heritage Centre	East Kirkby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old St Paul's Cathedral was the medieval cathedral of the City of London that, until 1666, stood on the site of the present St Paul's Cathedral.	Old St Paul's Cathedral	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grębociny (ɡrɛmbɔˈt͡ɕinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Grębociny	Gmina Zelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guaitecas is Chilean commune located in Guaitecas Archipelago which are part of Aysén Province and Region.	Guaitecas	Aysén Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arizona State Route 143, also known as SR 143 and the Hohokam Expressway, is a north--south and access-controlled freeway in Maricopa County, Arizona, that runs from a junction with Interstate 10 at 48th Street in Phoenix to McDowell Road.	Arizona State Route 143	Maricopa County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajorbast (Persian: اجربست‎, also Romanized as Ājorbast) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Ajorbast	Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armory Fieldhouse is an on-campus facility located at the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Armory Fieldhouse	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robinson Army Airfield (ICAO: KRBM, FAA LID: RBM) is a military airfield at Camp Robinson in Pulaski County, Arkansas, United States.	Robinson Army Airfield	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shashdang (Persian: ششدانگ‎, also Romanized as Shashdāng) is a village in Khusf Rural District, Central District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shashdang	Khusf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jessie Osborne House is a house near Jerome, Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.	Jessie Osborne House	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monmouth Battlefield State Park is a 1,818-acre (7.36 km2) New Jersey state park located on the border of Manalapan and Freehold Township, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Monmouth Battlefield State Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mausert Block is a historic block at 19--27 Park Street in Adams, Massachusetts designed in the Romanesque architectural style.	Mausert Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilginie (ɡilˈɡiɲe) (German Gillgehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gilginie	Gmina Miłakowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coghlan Castle is a building in Rolette County, North Dakota, near St. John, North Dakota.	Coghlan Castle	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKHR is an FM Latino Contemporary radio station serving the Abilene, Texas, area.	KKHR	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Clump Mountain is a summit in the Catskills in the towns of Stamford and Roxbury in Delaware County, New York.	Old Clump Mountain	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ampney St Peter is a small village and civil parish in the Cotswolds, part of the Cotswold of Gloucestershire, England.	Ampney St Peter	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duckington is a small village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Duckington	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teffont is a civil parish in the south of Wiltshire, England, consisting of the villages of Teffont Magna and Teffont Evias.	Teffont	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazeh Hur (Persian: بازه حور‎, also Romanized as Bāzeh Ḩūr and Bazeh Hoor; also known as Bāzeh Khūr, Bāzhū, and Bāz-i-Hūr) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bazeh Hur	Piveh Zhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marblehead Little Theatre is a community theatre in Marblehead, Massachusetts, founded in 1956.	Marblehead Little Theatre	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirwell is a village, civil parish and former manor in the local government district of North Devon, in the county of Devon, England.	Shirwell	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puracé is a stratovolcano located in the Puracé National Natural Park in the Cauca Department, Colombia.	Puracé	Cauca Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oasis Skyway Garden Hotel is a skyscraper located at 15 Dapu Road, Luwan, Shanghai, 200023, China.	Oasis Skyway Garden Hotel	Shanghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gympie Cemetery is the cemetery for Gympie, Queensland, Australia.	Gympie Cemetery	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nimavar (Persian: نيماور‎, also Romanized as Nīmāvar; also known as Nemāvar) is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Nimavar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Standing in 14 acres of mature park and woodland, Hooke Court is on the outskirts of Hooke, a small village in rural West Dorset, 11 miles from the Jurassic Coastline.	Hooke Court	West Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bánovce nad Bebravou District (Slovak: okres Bánovce nad Bebravou, Hungarian: Báni járás) is a district in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Bánovce nad Bebravou District	Trenčín Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pendoylan (Welsh: Pendeulwyn meaning 'head of two groves') is a rural village in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales, which has won many awards in Best Kept Village competitions and contains 27 entries in the Council's County Treasures database, 13 of which are listed buildings.	Pendoylan	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	RCAF Station Centralia was a Royal Canadian Air Force training base located just outside the village of Centralia near Exeter, Ontario, Canada.	RCAF Station Centralia	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muleshoe National Wildlife Refuge is the oldest National Wildlife Refuge in the U.S. state of Texas, having been established in 1935.	Muleshoe National Wildlife Refuge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurinjipadi (also spelt as Kurinjippadi) is a taluk in Cuddalore district in the India, state of Tamil Nadu.	Kurinjipadi	Cuddalore district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Muslimiyah (Arabic: المسلمية‎, also spelled Muslimiyeh, Moslemiye, Msalamiyyah or al-Musalmiya), commonly known as Mouslimié, is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Mount Simeon District of the Aleppo Governorate, located 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) north of Aleppo.	Al-Muslimiyah	Mount Simeon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kintbury is a village and civil parish in West Berkshire, England, between the towns of Newbury and Hungerford.	Kintbury	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Princeton Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Princeton, New Jersey, United States.	Princeton Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeyhun Dasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان جيحون دشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shara District, Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Jeyhun Dasht Rural District	Shara District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silafène (also written Sillafene) is a village in the commune of Foggaret Ezzaouia, in In Salah District, Tamanrasset Province, Algeria.	Silafène	In Salah District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharman Kola (Persian: خرمن كلا‎, also Romanized as Kharman Kolā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kharman Kola	Dasht-e Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coit Tower, also known as the Lillian Coit Memorial Tower, is a 210-foot (64 m) tower in the Telegraph Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California.	Coit Tower	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Kyu (Persian: سركيو‎‎, also Romanized as Sar Kyū) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sar Kyu	Chamsangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puckett Gliderport (FAA LID: 50M) is a privately owned public-use glider airport in Bedford County, Tennessee, United States.	Puckett Gliderport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	John C. Breckinridge Memorial, on the courthouse lawn of Lexington, Kentucky, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17, 1997, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky MPS.	John C. Breckinridge Memorial	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nogmung Township (Burmese: နောင်မွန်းမြို့နယ်) is a township of Putao District in the Kachin State of Burma.	Nogmung Township	Putao District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Udankhedi is a village within the Rajgarh District in central Madhya Pradesh, India.	Udankhedi	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Bergen Yard is freight rail yard and intermodal terminal in North Bergen, New Jersey parallel to Tonnelle Avenue between 49th and 69th Streets.	North Bergen Yard	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry S. West Laboratory School is an elementary school located at 5300 Carillo Street in Coral Gables, Florida, USA.	Henry S. West Laboratory School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Refton, Pennsylvania is an unincorporated community and census-designated place located in Strasburg Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania with a ZIP code of 17568.	Refton, Pennsylvania	Lancaster County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bisbee Douglas International Airport (IATA: DUG, ICAO: KDUG, FAA LID: DUG) is a county-owned airport nine miles northwest of Douglas and 17 miles east of Bisbee, both in Cochise County, Arizona.	Bisbee Douglas International Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cienega High School (also known as CHS) is a public high school in Pima County, Arizona.	Cienega High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Krieger Mountains are a mountain range near Oobloyah Bay in northern Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Krieger Mountains	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kings Bromley is a village and civil parish in Staffordshire, England on the junction of the A515 and the A513 roads.	Kings Bromley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ginetes is a civil parish in the municipality of Ponta Delgada on the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese of the Azores.	Ginetes	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bridge Avenue Historic District is located in a residential neighborhood on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Bridge Avenue Historic District	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prairie View A&M University, commonly abbreviated PVAMU or PV, is a historically black university (HBCU) located in Prairie View, Texas, United States (northwest of Houston) and is a member of the Texas A&M University System.	Prairie View A&M University	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahr-e Shib Kalah (Persian: شهرشيب كلاه‎, also Romanized as Shahr-e Shīb Kalāh; also known as Kalāh) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shahr-e Shib Kalah	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gately Building is a historic commercial building at 337-353 Main Street (and/or 335 Main St) in downtown Pawtucket, Rhode Island.	Gately Building	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winant Avenue Bridge is a vehicular movable bridge spanning the Hackensack River in Bergen County, New Jersey 14 miles (23 km) from its mouth at Newark Bay.	Winant Avenue Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowager Island is an island in the North Coast region of British Columbia.	Dowager Island	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chociński Młyn (xɔˈt͡ɕiɲski ˈmwɨn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chociński Młyn	Gmina Chojnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harand Camp of the Theatre Arts is a performing arts summer camp located at Carthage College in Kenosha, Wisconsin and based in Evanston, Illinois.	Harand Camp of the Theatre Arts	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuangjiangkou Town (simplified Chinese: 双江口镇; traditional Chinese: 雙江口鎮; pinyin: Shuāngjiāngkǒu Zhèn) is an urban town in Ningxiang County, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China.	Shuangjiangkou	Ningxiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Loche River is a small river in north west Saskatchewan.	La Loche River	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoda Vardi (Persian: خداوردي‎, also Romanized as Khodā Vardī) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khoda Vardi	Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neshlandeh (Persian: نشلانده‎, also Romanized as Neshlāndeh) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Neshlandeh	Kandovan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ankeny Regional Airport (ICAO: KIKV, FAA LID: IKV) is a public airport located one mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Ankeny, a city in Polk County, Iowa, United States.	Ankeny Regional Airport	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gachineh-ye Pain (Persian: گچينه پائين‎, also Romanized as Gachīneh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Gachīneh) is a village in Bemani Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gachineh-ye Pain	Bemani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boeslunde is a village and parish in Slagelse Municipality in Denmark.	Boeslunde	Slagelse Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serednie (Ukrainian: Середнє; Hungarian: Szerednye) is an urban-type settlement in Uzhhorod Raion (district) of Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Serednie	Uzhhorod Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Head Reservoir, also known as East Head Pond, is a 92-acre (370,000 m2) pond in Carver and Plymouth, Massachusetts, within the Myles Standish State Forest, located northeast of the forest headquarters, east of Barrett Pond, southwest of New Long Pond and College Pond, and northwest of Fearing Pond.	East Head Reservoir	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sidas Cone is one of the cinder cones located north on the Mount Edziza plateau in British Columbia, Canada.	Sidas Cone	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babakan (Persian: بابكان‎, also Romanized as Bābakān) is a village in Rahal Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Babakan	Rahal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erewash (i/ˈɛrəwɒʃ/ ERR-ə-wosh) is a local government district and borough in eastern Derbyshire, England, to the east of Derby and the west of Nottingham.	Erewash	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weidevenne ( pronunciation ) is a district of Purmerend in the Netherlands, west of the Noordhollandsch Kanaal (North Holland Canal) across from the De Gors district.	Weidevenne	Purmerend
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chek Chek-e Shomali (Persian: چكچكشمالي‎, also Romanized as Chek Chek-e Shomālī; also known as Chak Chak and Chek Chek) is a village in Mehregan Rural District, in the Central District of Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chek Chek-e Shomali	Mehregan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pacific Missile Range Facility, Barking Sands (IATA: BKH, ICAO: PHBK, FAA LID: BKH) is a U.S. naval facility and airport located five nautical miles (9 km) northwest of the central business district of Kekaha, in Kauai County, Hawaii, United States.	Pacific Missile Range Facility	Kauai County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diying Township (simplified Chinese: 翟营乡; traditional Chinese: 翟營鄉; pinyin: Díyíng Xiāng) is a township of Xingtang County in western Hebei province, China, located less than 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) west of the county seat across G5 Beijing--	Diying Township	Xingtang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odle Middle School is a public middle school in Bellevue, Washington, USA.	Odle Middle School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Semalar is a settlement Butwal in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.	Semalar	Rupandehi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popówko (pɔˈpufkɔ) (German: Vorderfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Popówko	Gmina Oborniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Connolly Dam, also called the Silverwood Dam, is a rock--fill embankment dam with an un--gated spillway across the Rosenthall Creek and the Fitz Creek that is located in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.	Connolly Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bechcice-Wieś (bɛxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bechcice-Wieś	Gmina Lutomiersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kursay Pirzal (Persian: كورساي پيرزال‎, also Romanized as Kūrsāy Pīrzāl; also known as Kūrsā) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kursay Pirzal	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnash (Persian: دهناش‎, also Romanized as Dehnāsh) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Dehnash	Bazoft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Australian Defence Satellite Communications Station (ADSCS) is located at Kojarena, 30 km (19 mi) east of Geraldton, Western Australia.	Australian Defence Satellite Communications Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Misiadla (miˈɕadla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Misiadla	Gmina Szczawin Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruffner Mountain Nature Preserve is a 1,038 acres (4 km2) nature preserve located in the eastern portions of Jefferson County, Alabama near Birmingham's suburb, Irondale.	Ruffner Mountain Nature Preserve	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Huntsville is an inland port located in Huntsville, Alabama that consists of the:	Port of Huntsville	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yapalaparvi also spelled as Yapalparvi (Kannada: ಯಾಪಲಪರ್ವಿ ) is a village in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Yapalaparvi	Raichur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kogan Creek Power Station is a 750 megawatt coal fired power station owned by CS Energy on the Darling Downs in Queensland.	Kogan Creek Power Station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prospect New Town is a New Urbanist housing development located on the southern edge of the city of Longmont in Boulder County, Colorado in the United States.	Prospect New Town	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heritage University (formerly named Holy Names College and Fort Wright College) is a higher education institution located in Toppenish, Washington, on the Yakama Indian Reservation.	Heritage University	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Shahrestanak (Persian: مزرعه شهرستانك‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Shahrestānak) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District, in the Central District of Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Shahrestanak	Bala Jowayin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nohom (Persian: نهم‎) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Nohom	Sarfaryab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Mohammad Reza Asadpur (Persian: شهرك محمدرضااسدپور‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Moḩammad Rez̤ā Āsadpūr) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Mohammad Reza Asadpur	Abezhdan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brychy (ˈbrɨxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brychy	Gmina Radziłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarcheshmeh Zaruni (Persian: سرچشمه ضروني‎‎, also Romanized as Sarcheshmeh Ẕarūnī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarcheshmeh Zaruni	Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Driving Park is an urban residential area on the Near East Side of Columbus, Ohio just south of Interstate 70.	Driving Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Bystrzycka (kɔˈlɔɲa bɨsˈtʂɨt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Bystrzycka	Gmina Wojcieszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bert T. Combs Mountain Parkway, commonly known as the Mountain Parkway, is a freeway in eastern Kentucky.	Bert T. Combs Mountain Parkway	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gander Lake is located in the central part of the Canadian island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Gander Lake	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	100 King Street, formerly the Midland Bank, is a former bank premises on King Street, Manchester, England.	100 King Street	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erie Playhouse is a historic theatre located in Erie, Pennsylvania.	Erie Playhouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thamarassery is a major town and a taluk in Kozhikode district of Kerala, India, 30 km east of Kozhikode (Calicut) City.	Thamarassery	Kozhikode district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان قشلاق غربي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District	Aslan Duz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobylany-Kozy (kɔbɨˈlanɨ ˈkɔzɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kobylany-Kozy	Gmina Paprotnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mepparamba is a locality on the western side of the Palakkad town of Kerala.	Mepparamba	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Karmin (ˈnɔvɨ ˈkarmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowy Karmin	Gmina Dobrzyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millendreath is a hamlet in the parish of Looe, Cornwall, England, situated two miles east of the town of Looe.	Millendreath	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Am Altamir (Persian: ام الطمير‎, also Romanized as Ām Ālṭamīr) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Am Altamir	Esmailiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tagarg Ab (Persian: تگرگ اب‎, also Romanized as Tagarg Āb) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District, Gandoman District, Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Tagarg Ab	Dowrahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Priboj (Serbian Cyrillic: Прибој, pronounced (prǐːbɔj)) is a town and municipality located in the Zlatibor District of Serbia.	Priboj	Zlatibor District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roswell International Air Center (RIAC) (IATA: ROW, ICAO: KROW, FAA LID: ROW) (Roswell Industrial Air Center) is an airport seven miles (11 km) south of Roswell, in Chaves County, New Mexico.	Roswell International Air Center	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piórków (ˈpjurkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baćkowice, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Piórków	Gmina Baćkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Vancouver High School, known as FVHS, is a public high school located in Vancouver, Washington.	Fort Vancouver High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hadsel (Northern Sami: Válafierda) is a municipality in Nordland county, Norway.	Hadsel	Nordland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grankullavik is a village on the Grankullaviken bay in the north of Öland, Sweden, in the Böda socken, Borgholm Municipality.	Grankullavik	Borgholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOKI is a United States FM radio station serving the Knoxville, Tennessee, area with a news-talk format.	WOKI	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bozgodar-e Sofla (Persian: بزگدارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Bozgodār-e Soflá; also known as Bozgodār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bozgodar-e Sofla	Dorudfaraman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Canaan Nature Center (40 acres or 16 hectares) is a botanical garden, arboretum and nature preserve located at 144 Oenoke Ridge, Route 124, about .25 miles (0.40 km) north of the center of New Canaan, Connecticut.	New Canaan Nature Center	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bunya Mountains are a distinctive set of peaks forming an isolated section of the Great Dividing Range in southern Queensland.	Bunya Mountains	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santee Cooper Country is a tourism district in the south central South Carolina area surrounding the Santee Cooper Lakes, Lake Moultrie and Lake Marion, which were formed from damming the Santee River and the Cooper River .	Santee Cooper Country	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salenside is a village off the A7, on the Ale Water, near Ashkirk, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, in the former Selkirkshire.	Salenside	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarna Glina (ˈt͡ʂarna ˈɡlina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Czarna Glina	Gmina Ćmielów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okuninka (ɔkuˈniŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Okuninka	Gmina Włodawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyza District (Persian: بخش بیضا‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Beyza District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tussey Mountain is a stratigraphic ridge in central Pennsylvania, United States, trending east of the Bald Eagle, Brush, Dunning and Evitts Mountain ridges.	Tussey Mountain	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cathays Park or Cardiff Civic Centre (Welsh: Parc Cathays) is a civic centre area in the city centre of Cardiff, the capital city of Wales, consisting of a number of early 20th century buildings and a central park area, Alexandra Gardens.	Cathays Park	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pustniki (pustˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pustniki	Gmina Sorkwity
located in the administrative territorial entity	U.S. Steel Tower, also known as the Steel Building (formerly USX Tower) is a 64-story, 256.34 m (841.0 ft) skyscraper with 2,300,000 sq ft (210,000 m2) of leasable space at 600 Grant Street in downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	U.S. Steel Tower	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. Neely Johnson House is a Greek Revival style Neoclassical historic home built in 1853, located at 1029 F Street in Sacramento, California.	J. Neely Johnson House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Belvedere is a cultural center devoted to Italian studies, located at 79 Howard Avenue, Grymes Hill, Staten Island, New York.	Casa Belvedere	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yangambi is a city in the Isangi Territory of Tshopo District, Orientale Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Yangambi	Isangi Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakland School for the Arts or OSA (not to be confused with the biopic ``OSA'' scheduled to be directed by Spike Lee in the winter of 2016) is a visual and performing arts charter school in the San Francisco Bay Area city of Oakland, California.	Oakland School for the Arts	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWRM (94.9 FM) is an adult contemporary music formatted radio station serving the Tampa-St. Petersburg, Florida radio market.	WWRM	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq Khani Bidzard (Persian: قشلاق خاني بيدزرد‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq Khānī Bīdzard) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq Khani Bidzard	Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waikato (/ˈwaɪkɑːtɔː/ or /ˈwaɪkætoʊ/) is a local government region of the upper North Island of New Zealand.	Waikato	New Zealand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pat Strack former councillor for Borehamwood Kenilworth and Hertsmere mayor.	Borehamwood	Hertsmere
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liaobu (寮步) is a town under the jurisdiction of Dongguan City in Guangdong province, southern China.	Liaobu	Dongguan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerdeh Layan (Persian: گرده لائين‎, also Romanized as Gerdeh Lāyan) is a village in Qaflankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerdeh Layan	Qaflankuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petrockstowe (or Petrockstow) is a small village and civil parish in the district of Torridge in Northern Devon, England.	Petrockstowe	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John McLoughlin Bridge is a tied-arch bridge that spans the Clackamas River between Oregon City and Gladstone, Oregon, in the northwest United States.	John McLoughlin Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southchurch Hall is Grade I Listed Medieval moated house located in Southchurch, Southend-on-Sea, Essex, England.	Southchurch Hall	Southend-on-Sea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunscoill Ghaelgagh is a Manx-language primary school in St John's, Isle of Man.	Bunscoill Ghaelgagh	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gil Yar (Persian: گيل يار‎, also Romanized as Gīl Yār) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gil Yar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing is located at 13700 SW 16th Ave, Ocala, Florida, just off Interstate 75.	Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rice Lake Carnegie Library was a Carnegie library in Rice Lake, Wisconsin.	Rice Lake Carnegie Library	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strochcice (strɔxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Strochcice	Gmina Samborzec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przemyków (pʂɛˈmɨkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszyce, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Przemyków	Gmina Koszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Moqbel (Persian: احمدابادمقبل‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Moqbel; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Moqbel	Tus Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais Preysing is a late-Baroque mansion in Munich, southern Germany, which served as residence for the Counts of Preysing.	Palais Preysing	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sąpłaty (sɔmˈpwatɨ) (German: Samplatten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sąpłaty	Gmina Dźwierzuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Klein Furkahorn (3,026 m) is a mountain of the Urner Alps, overlooking the Furka Pass on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri.	Klein Furkahorn	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brio Superfund site is a former industrial location in Harris County, Texas at the intersection of Beamer Road and Dixie Farm Road, about 16 miles (26 km) southeast of downtown Houston, and adjacent to the Dixie Oil Processors Superfund site.	Brio Superfund site	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdziar-Las (ˈzd͡ʑar ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zdziar-Las	Gmina Staroźreby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysokie Pierwsze (vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wysokie Pierwsze	Gmina Skierbieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fitzgerald Marine Reserve is a marine reserve in California on the Pacific Ocean, located just north of Pillar Point Harbor and Mavericks in the San Mateo County community of Moss Beach.	Fitzgerald Marine Reserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haramian-e Sofla (Persian: حرميان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩaramīān-e Soflá) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Haramian-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centennial Wind Power Facility is a SaskPower facility situated in the hills 25 kilometres southeast of Swift Current, Saskatchewan.	Centennial Wind Power Facility	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Le Gardeur Bridge is a beam bridge that connects the east end of the island of Montreal (borough of Pointe-aux-trembles, district of the pointe-aux-prairies) to Repentigny, Quebec.	Le Gardeur Bridge	Repentigny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whepstead is a village in Suffolk, United Kingdom, located south of Bury St Edmunds.	Whepstead	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nantianping Township (simplified Chinese: 南田坪乡; traditional Chinese: 南田坪鄉; pinyin: Nántiānpíng Xiāng) is a rural township in Ningxiang County, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China.	Nantianping Township	Ningxiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górka Jaklińska (ˈɡurka jaˈkliɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Górka Jaklińska	Gmina Koniusza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisew (ˈlisɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lisew	Gmina Żerków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Protection, New York is a small, hamlet in the town of Sardinia in southern Erie County, New York, USA.	Protection, New York	Erie County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waipu Lagoons is a series of small coastal lagoons near the city of New Plymouth in the Taranaki Region of New Zealand.	Waipu Lagoons	Taranaki Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mespelbrunn is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (municipal association) of Mespelbrunn, whose seat is in Heimbuchenthal.	Mespelbrunn	Aschaffenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station Key West (IATA: NQX, ICAO: KNQX, FAA LID: NQX), is a naval air station and military airport located on Boca Chica Key, four miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Key West, Florida, United States.	Naval Air Station Key West	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic Park Inn Hotel and City National Bank are two adjacent commercial buildings located in downtown Mason City, Iowa which were designed in the Prairie School style by the renowned architect Frank Lloyd Wright.	Park Inn Hotel	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nauvoo House in Nauvoo, Illinois, is a boarding house that Joseph Smith, the founder of the Latter Day Saint movement, began constructing in the 1840s.	Nauvoo House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Turin (Italian: Provincia di Torino; Piemontese: Provincia ëd Turin; French: Province de Turin) was a province in the Piedmont region of Italy.	Province of Turin	Piedmont
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Venetian Waterway Park is a total 9.3-mile concrete trail in Sarasota County, Florida located in Venice.	Venetian Waterway Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Niederamt Nuclear Power Plant (in German Kernkraftwerk Niederamt, abbreviated to KKN and not to be confused with the similarly abbreviated Niederaichbach Nuclear Power Plant) is the name for a planned nuclear power plant near the existing Gösgen Nuclear Power Plant in Niederamt in the Canton of Solothurn between Olten and Aarau in Switzerland.	Niederamt Nuclear Power Plant	Canton of Solothurn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Maliszewa (ˈnɔva maliˈʂɛva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Maliszewa	Gmina Kosów Lacki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hobson Block is a commercial building in West Union, Iowa.	Hobson Block	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lostwood National Wildlife Refuge is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and extends from the Canadian border to the neighboring state of Montana.	Lostwood National Wildlife Refuge	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bokinia (bɔˈkiɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bokinia	Gmina Uchanie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nichol's Gap Road was a central Pennsylvania highway established in the 18th century near Maryland extending westward from the Black's Gap Road ``just west of Little Conewago Creek'' at the Crofs Keys stand of James Black.	Nichol's Gap Road	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mullivaikkal(Mu’l’livaaykkaal) is located in Mullaitivu District, Vanni, Northern Province Sri Lanka.A massacre of Tamils took here in last days of the Sri Lankan Civil War.	Mullivaikkal	Mullaitivu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Keane Wonder Mine and mill is an abandoned mining facility located within Death Valley National Park in Inyo County, California.	Keane Wonder Mine	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carrier Canal is an irrigation canal in Kern County, California.	Carrier Canal	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lancaster was the first luxury residential condominium tower completed at Lakeshore East in Chicago.	The Lancaster	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHRT (106.9 FM and 1320 AM) are two Christian radio stations located in Minot, North Dakota owned and operated by Faith Broadcasting.	KHRT	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	University Towers is a tall residential apartment building in Ann Arbor, Michigan.	University Towers	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeforest Mall, also known as Lakeforest, is an enclosed shopping center located in Gaithersburg, Maryland.	Lakeforest Mall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angel in a Cage is a public artwork by American artist Richard Pflieger located on Canal Street, which is in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.	Angel in a Cage	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lauvsnes is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Flatanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Lauvsnes	Flatanger
located in the administrative territorial entity	Livonia Engine is a General Motors engine factory in Livonia, Michigan.	Livonia Engine	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black River Falls Area Airport (ICAO: KBCK, FAA LID: BCK) is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Black River Falls, a city in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States.	Black River Falls Area Airport	Jackson County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaartinkaupunki (Swedish: Gardesstaden) is a neighbourhood in the southern part of Helsinki, Finland.	Kaartinkaupunki	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalseong County (Dalseong-gun) is a gun occupying much of south and western Daegu, South Korea.	Dalseong County	Daegu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Wood River is the name of a tributary of the Wisconsin River in Lincoln County, Wisconsin.	New Wood River	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twijzelerheide (West Frisian: Twizelerheide) is a village in Achtkarspelen in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Twijzelerheide	Achtkarspelen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harzand Station (Persian: ايستگاه هرزند‎ -- Īstgāh-e Harzand; also known as Istgāh-e Alakī and Īstgāh-e Halākū) is a village and railway station in Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Harzand Station	Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klesiv (Ukrainian: Клесів; Polish: Klesów) is an urban-type settlement in the Sarny Raion (district) of Rivne Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Klesiv	Sarny Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angledool is a locality in upper western New South Wales near the southern border of Queensland, one kilometre east of the Castlereagh Highway and approximately 45 kilometres north of Lightning Ridge.	Angledool	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krynki-Jarki (ˈkrɨnki ˈjarki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krynki-Jarki	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located on the South-Eastern coast of Spain, Mijas belongs to the region of Costa del Sol Occidental.	Mijas	Costa del Sol Occidental
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hezarjarib District (Persian: بخش هزارجریب‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hezarjarib District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurikeh (Persian: شوريكه‎, also Romanized as Shūrīḵeh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shurikeh	Darbqazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uxbridge (/ˈʌksbrɪdʒ/) is a town in west London, England, and the administrative headquarters of the London Borough of Hillingdon.	Uxbridge	London Borough of Hillingdon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahtar (Persian: كهتر‎; also known as Kotar) is a village in Parsinah Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kahtar	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Arts Plaza is a 24-story skyscraper located at 1722 Routh Street in the Arts District of downtown Dallas, Texas (USA).	One Arts Plaza	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bladowo-Wybudowanie (blaˈdɔvɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bladowo-Wybudowanie	Gmina Tuchola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cairns Airport (IATA: CNS, ICAO: YBCS) is an international airport in Cairns, Queensland, Australia.	Cairns Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staircase House is a Grade II* listed medieval building dating from around 1460 situated in Stockport, historically in Cheshire, now within Greater Manchester, England.	Staircase House	Stockport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Argyle Lake State Park is an Illinois state park located in Colchester, Illinois.	Argyle Lake State Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tinca (Hungarian: Tenke) is a commune in the south-central part of Bihor County, Transylvania, Romania.	Tinca	Bihor County
military branch	John Twiggs Myers (January 29, 1871 -- April 17, 1952) was a United States Marine Corps general who was most famous for his service as the American Legation Guard in Peking during the Boxer Rebellion.	John Twiggs Myers	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Vice-Admiral Edward Stirling Dickson (1765 -- 28 January 1844) was a Royal Navy officer who served in the American Revolutionary War, the French Revolutionary Wars, and the Napoleonic Wars.	Edward Stirling Dickson	Royal Navy
military branch	Charles F. Born (April 24, 1903 - May 24, 1979) was a Major General in the United States Air Force and an All-American football player.	Charles F. Born	United States Air Force
military branch	Vermont Garrison (October 29, 1915 -- February 14, 1994) was a career officer in the United States Air Force, and an ace with 17.33 credited victories in aerial combat.	Vermont Garrison	United States Air Force
military branch	Vice-Admiral Syed Mohammad Ahsan HQA, SPk, DSO, (Urdu: ﺴﻴﺩ ﻣﺤﻣﺪ ﺍﺣﺴﻦ‎) (b. 1921 -- d. 1989) was a senior three-star admiral who was the 4th Chief of Naval Staff of Pakistan Navy from October 20, 1966 to August 31, 1969.	Syed Mohammad Ahsan	Pakistan Navy
military branch	General Sir George Macaulay Kirkpatrick KCMG KCSI was a Canadian born and educated soldier who served with the British Army in South Africa, Canada, India, Australia, and China.	George Macaulay Kirkpatrick	British Army
military branch	John E. Bendix (August 28, 1818 -- October 8, 1877) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War who commanded two different New York regiments and then a brigade of infantry in Army of the Potomac in the Eastern Theater.	John E. Bendix	Union Army
military branch	William Sidney Shacklette (May 18, 1880 - February 12, 1945) was a hospital steward serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	William Sidney Shacklette	United States Navy
military branch	The Norrland Artillery Regiment (Swedish: Norrlands artilleriregemente), designation A 4, was a Swedish Army artillery regiment that traced its origins back to the 19th century.	Norrland Artillery Regiment	Swedish Army
military branch	The Household Cavalry Composite Regiment was a temporary, wartime-only, cavalry regiment of the British Army consisting of personnel drawn from the 1st Life Guards, 2nd Life Guards and Royal Horse Guards.	Household Cavalry Composite Regiment	British Army
military branch	Josh Seefried (born February 6, 1986) is an active duty first lieutenant in the United States Air Force, an LGBT rights activist, and a former co-chairman on the Board of Directors of OutServe-SLDN, an association of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender members of the U.S. Military.	Josh Seefried	United States Air Force
military branch	The Royal Sussex Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army that was in existence from 1881 to 1966.	Royal Sussex Regiment	British Army
military branch	Major-General Robert Bernard Penfold CB LVO (19 December 1916 -- 22 April 2015) was a British Army officer who commanded South East District.	Bernard Penfold	British Army
military branch	John W. Craine, Jr. is a retired United States Navy vice admiral who was appointed president of the State University of New York Maritime College on May 27, 2006 after serving as the acting president since June, 2005.	John W. Craine, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	John Semer Farnsworth (August 13, 1893 -- November 10, 1952) was a former United States Navy officer who was convicted of spying for Japan during the 1930s.	John Semer Farnsworth	United States Navy
military branch	VFA-31 or Strike Fighter Squadron 31 is known as the Tomcatters, callsign ``Felix'', a United States Navy strike fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Oceana flying the F/A-18E Super Hornet.	VFA-31	United States Navy
military branch	Wing Commander Peter Stanley James DFC, AE, RAF VR (24 February 1917 -- 11 January 1999), was a pilot in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve during the Second World War, flying in RAF Bomber Command with 35 Squadron, 78 Squadron and 148 Squadron.	Peter Stanley James	Royal Air Force
military branch	Hugh Downman (c. 1765 -- 4 January 1858) was an officer of the Royal Navy who saw service during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Admiral.	Hugh Downman	Royal Navy
military branch	The 119th (The Prince's Own) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army, formed in 1761 by the regimentation of independent companies and disbanded in 1763.	119th (The Prince's Own) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	Vice Admiral Charles Frederick Schomberg (b. abt 1815, d.29 September 1874), was an officer of the British Royal Navy.	Charles Frederick Schomberg	Royal Navy
military branch	The 56th (West Essex) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment in the British Army, active from 1755 to 1881.	56th (West Essex) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	Brita Olofsdotter (died 1569), was a Finnish soldier of the Swedish cavalry.	Brita Olofsdotter	cavalry
military branch	Henry Hughes Hough (January 8, 1871 -- September 9, 1943) was a Rear Admiral of the United States Navy and one-time military Governor of the United States Virgin Islands.	Henry Hughes Hough	United States Navy
military branch	James Wolfe Ripley (December 10, 1794 -- March 16, 1870) was an American soldier, serving as a brigadier general in the Union Army during the Civil War.	James Wolfe Ripley	Union Army
military branch	F 9 Säve, Göta Flygflottilj, Göta Air Force Wing, or simply ``F 9'', was a Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located near Gothenburg in south-west Sweden.	F 9 Säve	Swedish Air Force
military branch	The 24th Lancers was a cavalry regiment of the British Army which existed from late 1940 to mid-1944.	24th Lancers	British Army
military branch	Sherard Osborn (25 April 1822 -- 6 May 1875), was a Royal Navy admiral and Arctic explorer.	Sherard Osborn	Royal Navy
military branch	Sir Thomas Staines, (1776 -- 13 July 1830), Captain in the Royal Navy, Knight Commander of the Bath, and of the Sicilian Order of St. Ferdinand and Merit, and Knight of the Ottoman Order of the Crescent.	Thomas Staines	Royal Navy
military branch	Sir Ivan Neill, KBE, PC (1 July 1906 -- 7 November 2001) was a British Army officer and Unionist politician from Northern Ireland.	Ivan Neill	British Army
military branch	John N. Christenson is a Vice admiral in the United States Navy and currently the United States Military Representative to the NATO Military Committee, in Brussels, Belgium.	John N. Christenson	United States Navy
military branch	Aristotelis Vlachopoulos (Greek: Αριστοτέλης Βλαχόπουλος, 1866--1960) was a Greek Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General and served as Chief of the Hellenic Army General Staff in 1920--21.	Aristotelis Vlachopoulos	Hellenic Army
military branch	Thomas Washington (6 June 1865 - 15 December 1954) was an admiral in the United States Navy during World War I.	Thomas Washington	United States Navy
military branch	No. 2 Squadron RNZAF was a squadron of the Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF).	No. 2 Squadron RNZAF	Royal New Zealand Air Force
military branch	William Ogilvy (19 September 1793 -- 10 April 1871) was a Scottish officer in the British Army, and briefly the Member of Parliament (MP) for Perth Burghs.	William Ogilvy	British Army
military branch	Dirk J. Debbink is a retired Vice Admiral in the United States Navy and former Chief of the Navy Reserve.	Dirk J. Debbink	United States Navy
military branch	Major-General Sir Vere Bonamy Fane KCB KCIE (16 June 1863 -- 23 May 1924) was an officer in the British Army and British Indian Army.	Vere Bonamy Fane	British Army	British Indian Army
military branch	Rear-Admiral Robert Carthew Reynolds (bap. 30 July 1745 -- 24 December 1811) was a long serving and widely respected officer of the British Royal Navy who served in four separate major wars in a 52-year career.	Robert Carthew Reynolds	Royal Navy
military branch	James C. Jarvis (1787 -- 2 February 1800) was a midshipman in the United States Navy during the Quasi-War with France.	James C. Jarvis	United States Navy
military branch	Harry W. Jenkins is a former Major General in the United States Marine Corps.	Harry W. Jenkins	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Commander John Pender Paynter R.N. (1788 - 1856) of Trekenning House, St Columb Major, Cornwall, was an officer of the British Royal Navy noted for his services during the Napoleonic Wars.	John Pender Paynter	Royal Navy
military branch	General Gervais Parker (also spelled Gervase; 1695 -- 19 June 1750) was a British Army officer.	Gervais Parker	British Army
military branch	Col Sir Charles Wyndham Murray KCB GCStJ (22 February 1844 -- 1 November 1928) was a British Army officer and politician.	Charles Wyndham Murray	British Army
military branch	Clarence K. Bronson (21 July 1888 -- 8 November 1916) was a pioneer aviator in the United States Navy.	Clarence K. Bronson	United States Navy
military branch	Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler CH, CIE, MC, TD, FSA, FRS, FBA (10 September 1890 -- 22 July 1976) was a British archaeologist and officer in the British Army.	Mortimer Wheeler	British Army
military branch	Oscar Frederick Nelson (November 5, 1881 -- September 26, 1951) was a machinist's mate first class serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Oscar Frederick Nelson	United States Navy
military branch	Josephine Beatrice Bowman was the third Superintendent of the United States Navy Nurse Corps.	Josephine Beatrice Bowman	United States Navy
military branch	Field Marshal John Byng, 1st Earl of Strafford GCB, GCH, PC (Ire) (1772 -- 3 June 1860) was a British Army officer and politician.	John Byng, 1st Earl of Strafford	British Army
military branch	Benjamin Franklin Tilley (March 29, 1848 -- March 18, 1907), often known as B. F. Tilley, was a career officer in the United States Navy who served from the end of the American Civil War through the Spanish--	Benjamin Franklin Tilley	United States Navy
military branch	John B. Nicolson (died 1846) was an officer in the United States Navy in the first half of the 19th century.	John B. Nicolson	United States Navy
military branch	Wing Commander Ronald Gustave Kellett DSO, DFC, AE (13 September 1909 -- 1998) was a Royal Air Force flying ace of the Second World War.	Ronald Gustave Kellett	Royal Air Force
military branch	James Kelsey Cogswell (September 27, 1847 -- August 12, 1908) was an admiral in the United States Navy who served in Spanish--	James Kelsey Cogswell	United States Navy
military branch	The Queen's Regiment was an infantry regiment of the British Army formed in 1966 through the amalgamation of the four regiments of the Home Counties Brigade.	Queen's Regiment	British Army
mouth of the watercourse	The Eyserbeek is a right-bank tributary to the river Geul, which later joins the Meuse.	Eyserbeek	Geul
mouth of the watercourse	The Mulwaree River rises east of the Lake George Escarpment, below Mount Fairy, near the locality of Hammonds Hill, and flows generally north northeast, joined by two minor tributaries, before reaching its confluence with the Wollondilly River at North Goulburn.	Mulwaree River	Wollondilly River
mouth of the watercourse	Growee River rises on the northern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, below Hefrons Hole, northeast of Rylstone and flows generally northwest then north northeast, then north by west then northeast, joined by three minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Bylong River near Bylong.	Growee River	Bylong River
mouth of the watercourse	Kalte Moldau (Czech: Studená Vltava) is a river of Bavaria, Germany and Czech Republic (South Bohemian Region).	Kalte Moldau	Vltava
mouth of the watercourse	The Mongala River in northern Democratic Republic of the Congo is a tributary of the Congo River.	Mongala River	Congo River
mouth of the watercourse	Newry River and River Clanrye (Irish: An Rí) are names for one of the rivers of Ireland; it passes through the city of Newry and empties into Carlingford Lough near Warrenpoint.	Newry River	Carlingford Lough
mouth of the watercourse	The Sudoma River (Russian: Судома) is a left tributary of the Shelon River, with its course located in Sudoma uplands in Dedovichsky and Bezhanitsky District of Pskov Oblast of Russia.	Sudoma River	Shelon River
mouth of the watercourse	From its origin near Parkes, the Bogan River flows for about 617 kilometres (383 mi) in length and flows into the Little Bogan River to form the Darling River, near Bourke.	Bogan River	Darling River
mouth of the watercourse	The Marcal is a right tributary of the Rába which rises near Sümeg in the Bakony region of western Hungary.	Marcal	Rába
mouth of the watercourse	The Tembenchi River (Russian: Тембенчи) is a major river of Krasnoyarsk Krai in Siberia, central Russia, joining the Kochechum River to the northwest of Tura.	Tembenchi River	Kochechum River
mouth of the watercourse	The Redwillow River is a tributary of the Wapiti River in northern Alberta and north-eastern British Columbia, Canada.	Redwillow River	Wapiti River
mouth of the watercourse	The Rench is a river in the district of Ortenau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany and a right-side tributary of the Rhine River.	Rench	Rhine
mouth of the watercourse	The Cooks River, a semi-mature tide dominated drowned valley estuary, is a tributary of Botany Bay, located in south-western Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Cooks River	Botany Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Yelovaya River, also known as Bolshaya Yelovaya River and Chizhandzi River (Russian: Еловая, Большая Еловая, Чижандзи) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai in Russia, a left tributary of the Ket River (Ob basin).	Yelovaya River	Ket River
mouth of the watercourse	It begins at the confluence of the South Dandalup River and the North Dandalup River north of Pinjarra, and flows for just four kilometres before emptying into the Murray River.	Dandalup River	Murray River
mouth of the watercourse	The Möhne is a small-size river in western Germany (North Rhine-Westphalia), right tributary of the Ruhr.	Möhne	Ruhr
mouth of the watercourse	The Gottleuba is a small river in the Czech Republic and Germany, left tributary of the Elbe.	Gottleuba	Elbe
mouth of the watercourse	The Bahmanshir channel is a secondary estuary of the Karun River that parallels the Arvand Rud/Shatt al-Arab waterway on the far side of the Abadan Island for 70 miles, emptying into the Persian Gulf.	Bahmanshir	Persian Gulf
mouth of the watercourse	The Rupel is a tidal river in northern Belgium, right tributary of the Scheldt.	Rupel	Scheldt
mouth of the watercourse	The Gran Valira is a tributary to the Segre, which in turn is a tributary to the Ebro.	Gran Valira	Segre
mouth of the watercourse	The headwaters of the Coliban River rise on the northern slopes of the Great Dividing Range and descend to flow north into the Campaspe River with the impounded Lake Eppalock.	Coliban River	Campaspe River
mouth of the watercourse	The Pétrusse (Luxembourgish: Péitruss, German: Petruss) is a river flowing through Luxembourg, joining the Alzette at Luxembourg City.	Pétrusse	Alzette
mouth of the watercourse	Sakmara River (Russian: Сакмара; Bashkir: Һаҡмар, Haqmar) is a river in Russia that drains the southern tip of the Ural Mountains south into the Ural River.	Sakmara River	Ural River
mouth of the watercourse	The Wiese is a river in Baden-Württemberg, Germany, and Basel-City, Switzerland, a right tributary of the Rhine.	Wiese	Rhine
mouth of the watercourse	The Nerang River rises in the McPherson Range in the Numinbah Valley on the New South Wales and Queensland border and heads north, then east where it flows through Nerang and reaching its mouth in the Gold Coast Broadwater at Southport on the Gold Coast and emptying into the Coral Sea.	Nerang River	Gold Coast Broadwater
narrative location	Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers is a novel for children by the American writer Irwin Shapiro (1911--1981) set in the steel valley of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers	Pittsburgh
narrative location	My Lucky Stars (Chinese: 福星高照) is a 1985 Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung, who also starred in the film.	My Lucky Stars	Hong Kong
narrative location	Set in the near future in a dystopian metropolitan Detroit, Michigan, RoboCop 3 follows RoboCop (Robert John Burke) as he vows to avenge the death of his partner Anne Lewis (Nancy Allen) and tries to save Detroit from falling into chaos.	RoboCop 3	Detroit
narrative location	The Cape Town Affair is director Robert D. Webb's 1967 glamorized spy film produced by 20th Century Fox at Killarney Film Studios in South Africa.	The Cape Town Affair	South Africa
narrative location	Kung Fu VS Acrobatic is a 1990 Hong Kong martial arts fantasy comedy film directed by Taylor Wong and starring Andy Lau, Natalis Chan and Joey Wong.	Kung Fu VS Acrobatic	Hong Kong
narrative location	Look for a Star was shot at the MGM Grand in Macau, and was released in Hong Kong on 26 January 2009.	Look for a Star	Macau
narrative location	The phrase ``The Long Gray Line'' is used to describe, as a continuum, all graduates and cadets of the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York.	The Long Gray Line	New York
narrative location	The Frightened City is a 1961 British Neo Noir film about extortion rackets and gang warfare in the West End of London.	The Frightened City	London
narrative location	The Dead Circus is a neo-noir crime novel set in 1960s-80s Los Angeles by John Kaye.	The Dead Circus	Los Angeles
narrative location	A Better Tomorrow (Chinese: 英雄本色; Jyutping: Jing1 hung4 bun2 sik1; literally: ``True Colors of a Hero'') is a 1986 Hong Kong crime film directed by John Woo and starring Ti Lung, Leslie Cheung and Chow Yun-fat.	A Better Tomorrow	Hong Kong
narrative location	Night Falls on Manhattan is a 1997 American crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet, set and filmed on location in New York City.	Night Falls on Manhattan	New York City
narrative location	Zulu Dawn is a 1979 war film about the historical Battle of Isandlwana between British and Zulu forces in 1879 in South Africa.	Zulu Dawn	South Africa
narrative location	The series starred Edmond O'Brien as flamboyant San Francisco attorney Sam Benedict.	Sam Benedict	San Francisco
narrative location	The Coffee Trader is a historical novel by David Liss, set in 17th century Amsterdam.	The Coffee Trader	Amsterdam
narrative location	Extralarge (original title: Detective Extralarge, aka Zwei Supertypen in Miami) is a television series starring Bud Spencer, Philip Michael Thomas, and Michael Winslow.	Extralarge	Miami
narrative location	Electra Glide in Blue is a 1973 film starring Robert Blake as a motorcycle cop in Arizona and Billy ``Green'' Bush as his partner.	Electra Glide in Blue	Arizona
narrative location	Jesse Hawkes and his two sons track down criminals in San Francisco with the skills they honed in the Sierras.	Jesse Hawkes	San Francisco
narrative location	Vera Drake is a 2004 British drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh, telling the story of a working-class woman in London in 1950 who performs illegal abortions.	Vera Drake	London
narrative location	Reynolds stars as police lieutenant Dan August who investigates homicide cases in his (fictional) hometown of Santa Luisa, California.	Dan August	California
narrative location	Within a small town in Tennessee, seed and sod entrepreneur Daltry Calhoun is a local celebrity who has made a name for himself by selling locally produced turf to many of the nation's most exclusive golf courses, and his television spots have won the acclimations of many television viewers across town.	Daltry Calhoun	Tennessee
narrative location	Michael Tolliver Lives (2007) is the seventh book in the Tales of the City series by San Francisco novelist Armistead Maupin.	Michael Tolliver Lives	San Francisco
narrative location	The Riddlers is a British children's programme produced by Yorkshire Television for ITV between 1989 and 1998.	The Riddlers	Yorkshire
narrative location	According to Box Office India, Disco Singh has been overwhelmingly successful.	Disco Singh	India
narrative location	Matt Houston stars Lee Horsley as a wealthy mustachioed Texas oilman named Matlock ``Matt'' Houston who worked as a private investigator in Los Angeles in his abundant free time.	Matt Houston	Los Angeles
narrative location	Rhythm Thief is a 1994 low budget independent feature film made in New York City's Lower East Side that was awarded a Special Jury Recognition for Directing at the Sundance Film Festival and was called ``Inventive, exciting, original'' by director Martin Scorsese.	Rhythm Thief	New York City
native language	Gustave Kervern (born 27 December 1962), also known as Gustave de Kervern and Gustave K/Vern, is a French film actor, director and screenwriter.	Gustave Kervern	French
native language	Suzanne Desprès (16 December 1875 - 1 July 1951) was a French actress who was born at Verdun, Meuse and trained at the Paris Conservatoire, where in 1897 she obtained the first prize for comedy, and the second for tragedy.	Suzanne Desprès	French
native language	Jacques Antoine Marie de Cazalès (February 1, 1758 -- November 24, 1805) was a French orator and politician.	Jacques Antoine Marie de Cazalès	French
native language	François Victor Alphonse Aulard (19 July 1849 -- 23 October 1928) was the first professional French historian of the French Revolution and of Napoleon.	François Victor Alphonse Aulard	French
native language	André Spire (28 July 1868 -- 29 July 1966) was a French poet, writer, and Zionist activist.	André Spire	French
native language	Abraham-Alexis Quinault, called Quinault-Dufresne, was a French actor, born in Verdun 9 September 1693, died in Paris 12 February 1767.	Quinault-Dufresne	French
native language	François Bordes (December 30, 1919 -- April 30, 1981), also known by the pen name of Francis Carsac, was a French scientist, geologist, and archaeologist.	François Bordes	French
native language	Alexandre Dumas, fils (French: (alɛksɑ̃dʁ dyma fis); 27 July 1824 -- 27 November 1895) was a French writer and dramatist, best known for Camille (a.k.a. The Lady of the Camellias).	Alexandre Dumas, fils	French
native language	Franz Böhm (16 February 1895, Konstanz -- 26 September 1977, Rockenberg) was a German politician, lawyer, and economist.	Franz Böhm	German
native language	Franz Etzel (12 August 1902, Wesel, Rhine Province -- 9 May 1970, Wittlaer by Düsseldorf) was a German politician for the CDU.	Franz Etzel	German
native language	Linnéa Engström is a Swedish politician, who, since 2014 has served as a Member of the European Parliament, representing Sweden for the Green Party.	Linnéa Engström	Swedish
native language	Joseph Marcellin Rulhières (born 1787, Saint-Didier-en-Velay -- 1862, Paris) was a French politician.	Joseph Marcellin Rulhières	French
native language	Marcel Jullian (31 January 1922--28 June 2004) was a French author, screenwriter for French film and television, and occasional director.	Marcel Jullian	French
native language	Laura Préjean (born 1977) is a French voice actress, who is the daughter of actor Patrick Préjean and the granddaughter of actors Albert Préjean and Lysiane Rey.	Laura Préjean	French
native language	Claude Adrien Helvétius (/hɛlˈviːʃəs/; French: (ɛlvesjys); 26 January or 26 February 1715 (sources differ) -- 26 December 1771) was a French philosopher, freemason and littérateur.	Claude Adrien Helvétius	French
native language	Jean-Nicolas Démeunier (sometimes Desmeuniers) (March 15, 1751 -- February 2, 1814) was a French author and politician.	Jean-Nicolas Démeunier	French
native language	Robert Garnier (1544 -- 20 September 1590) was a French tragic poet.	Robert Garnier	French
native language	Bruno Monsaingeon (French: (bʁyno mɔ̃sɛ̃ʒɔ̃); born 5 December 1943) is a French filmmaker, writer, and violinist.	Bruno Monsaingeon	French
native language	Prof. Dr. Kurt Joachim Lauk (born 19 May 1946, Stuttgart), is a German politician and former Member of the European Parliament for Baden-Württemberg.	Kurt Joachim Lauk	German
native language	André Brulé (Bordeaux, 26 September 1879 -- Paris, 14 February 1953), born André Gresely, was a French theatre and film actor.	André Brulé	French
native language	Nicolas François, Count Mollien (28 February 1758 -- 1850), French financier, was born at Paris.	Nicolas François, Count Mollien	French
native language	Gisèle Pascal (17 September 1921 -- 2 February 2007) was a French actress and a former lover of Rainier III, Prince of Monaco.	Gisèle Pascal	French
native language	Michel Déon (French: (deɔ̃); born 4 August 1919) is a French novelist and literary columnist.	Michel Déon	French
native language	Franca Maï (born Françoise Baud; 26 July 1959 -- 8 February 2012) was as French actress and novelist.	Franca Maï	French
native language	Dr. Rolf Böhme (born 6 August 1934, Konstanz), was a German politician and mayor of the Southwest city of Freiburg for 20 years between 1982 and 2002.	Rolf Böhme	German
native language	Madeleine Lambert (1892--1977) was a French stage, television and film actress.	Madeleine Lambert	French
native language	Jean Louis Monneron (12 September 1742, Annonay, Ardèche - 30 November 1805, Senegal), known as Monneron des Mortiers or Mortars Monneron, was a French businessman, arms supplier and politician.	Louis Monneron	French
native language	Xavier Forneret (16 September 1809, Beaune, Côte-d'Or -- 7 August 1884) was a French writer; poet, playwright and journalist.	Xavier Forneret	French
native language	Henri Garat (born Henri Garascu) was a French actor and singer of Romanian origin.	Henri Garat	French
native language	Ludovic-Oscar Frossard (5 March 1889 -- 11 February 1946), also known as L.-O. Frossard or Oscar Frossard, was a French socialist and communist politician.	Ludovic-Oscar Frossard	French
native language	Edmond Louis Alexis Dubois-Crancé (14 October 1747 -- 28 June 1814) was a French soldier and politician.	Edmond Louis Alexis Dubois-Crancé	French
native language	Felix Andries Vening Meinesz (The Hague July 30, 1887 -- Amersfoort August 10, 1966) was a Dutch geophysicist and geodesist.	Felix Andries Vening Meinesz	Dutch
native language	Dr. Augustin Cabanès (30 April 1862 -- 5 May 1928) was a French doctor, historian and author of numerous works of fiction and history.	Augustin Cabanès	French
native language	Théo Bergerat (1876--1934) was a French film director of the silent era.	Théo Bergerat	French
native language	Kornel Ujejski (September 12, 1823 in Beremyany, Galicia, Austria - September 19, 1897 in Pavliv near Lviv, Galicia, Austria), also known as Cornelius Ujejski, was a Polish poet, patriot and political writer of the Austrian Empire and Austria-Hungary.	Kornel Ujejski	Polish
native language	Henri Jacques Daniel Paul François (16 May 1920 -- 25 November 2003), known as Jacques François was a French actor.	Jacques François	French
native language	Jean Davy ( October 15, 1911 -- February 5, 2001) was a French film, stage voice actor.	Jean Davy	French
native language	Claude Bourdet (28 October 1909 -- 20 March 1996) was a writer, journalist, polemist, and militant French politician.	Claude Bourdet	French
native language	Peter Beets (born 12 June 1971) is a Dutch jazz pianist.	Peter Beets	Dutch
native language	Danielle De Metz (born 5 September 1938) is a French actress best known for her numerous guest appearances in television shows throughout the 1960s.	Danielle De Metz	French
native language	Sir Edward Burnett Tylor (2 October 1832 -- 2 January 1917) was an English anthropologist, the founder of cultural anthropology.	Edward Burnett Tylor	English
native language	Alexandre Israël (25 November 1868 -- 23 August 1937) was a French politician who was a deputy from 1919 to 1924, then a senator from 1927 to 1937.	Alexandre Israël	French
native language	Edmond de Fels (1858--1951) was a French diplomat, writer and historian.	Edmond de Fels	French
native language	Béatrice Altariba (born 18 June 1939) is a French actress who was active between 1956 and 1969.	Béatrice Altariba	French
native language	Véra Norman is a retired French film actress.	Véra Norman	French
native language	Maurice Couve de Murville (French: (moʁis kuv də myʁvil); 24 January 1907 -- 24 December 1999) was a French diplomat and politician who was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1958 to 1968 and Prime Minister from 1968 to 1969 under the presidency of General de Gaulle.	Maurice Couve de Murville	French
native language	Bert Doorn (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbɛrt ˈdoːrn); born 26 May 1949) is a Dutch politician and Member of the European Parliament.	Bert Doorn	Dutch
native language	Tonnus Oosterhoff (Leiden, 18 March 1953) is a Dutch poet and writer.	Tonnus Oosterhoff	Dutch
native language	Wilhelm Boden (March 5, 1890 -- October 18, 1961) was a German lawyer, civil servant and politician (center, CDU).	Wilhelm Boden	German
native language	Xavier Vallat (July 7, 1891 -- January 6, 1972), French politician, was Commissioner-General for Jewish Questions in the wartime Vichy collaborationist government, and was sentenced after World War II to ten years in prison for his part in the persecution of French Jews.	Xavier Vallat	French
native language	Marie-Anne Montchamp (born November 1, 1957 in Tulle, Corrèze) is a member of the French government and the National Assembly of France.	Marie-Anne Montchamp	French
native language	Jean François Cornu de La Poype (May 31, 1758 -- January 27, 1851) was a French military leader.	Jean François Cornu de La Poype	French
native language	Philippe Bouvard (born December 6, 1929 in Coulommiers) is a French television and radio presenter.	Philippe Bouvard	French
native language	Matthias Groote is a German politician and has been a Member of the European Parliament since October 2005.	Matthias Groote	German
native language	Karl-Heinz Florenz (born 22 October 1947, in Neukirchen-Vluyn) is a German Member of the European Parliament.	Karl-Heinz Florenz	German
native language	Dieudonné M'bala M'bala (born 11 February 1966), generally known by his stage name Dieudonné (French: (djø.dɔ.ne)), is a French comedian, actor, and political activist.	Dieudonné M'bala M'bala	French
native language	Samantha Bentley (born 8 October 1987) is an English pornographic actress.	Samantha Bentley	English
native language	Péter Gervai (born 7 January 1972) is a Hungarian IT development engineer, the founder of the Hungarian Wikipedia and the chair of Wikimedia Hungary.	Péter Gervai	Hungarian
native language	Georges Chometon (born November 9, 1928 in Saint-Bonnet-le-Chastel (Puy-de-Dôme)), was a French politician.	Georges Chometon	French
native language	Hyacinthe-Joseph Alexandre Thabaud de Latouche, commonly known as Henri de Latouche (2 February 1785 -- 9 March 1851) was a French poet and novelist known for his publication of André Chénier and early encouragement of George Sand.	Henri de Latouche	French
native language	Kerstin Andreae (born 21 October 1968 in Schramberg) is a German politician and member of Alliance '90/The Greens in the Bundestag.	Kerstin Andreae	German
native language	Bernd Rosemeyer (14 October 1909 -- 28 January 1938) was a German racing driver.	Bernd Rosemeyer	German
native language	Hégésippe Moreau (born Pierre-Jacques Roulliot; April 8, 1810 -- December 20, 1838) was a French lyric poet.	Hégésippe Moreau	French
native language	Ernest Psichari (27 September 1883 -- 22 August 1914) was a French author, religious thinker and soldier.	Ernest Psichari	French
native language	Jacques-Marie, vicomte Cavaignac (1773--1855) was a French general.	Jacques-Marie, vicomte Cavaignac	French
native language	Dr. Theo Zwanziger (born 6 June 1945) is a German lawyer and sports official.	Theo Zwanziger	German
native language	Jona Oberski (Amsterdam, 20 March 1938) is a Dutch writer.	Jona Oberski	Dutch
native language	Adelinde Cornelissen (born July 8, 1979 in Beilen, Drenthe) is a Dutch dressage rider.	Adelinde Cornelissen	Dutch
native language	Jens Ackermann (born 2 July 1975 in Magdeburg) is a German politician and member of the FDP in the Bundestag.	Jens Ackermann	German
native language	Abbé François-Xavier-Marc-Antoine de Montesquiou-Fézensac (château de Marsan, Gers, 3 August 1757 -- château de Cirey-sur-Blaise, Haute-Marne, 4 February 1832) was a French clergyman and politician.	François-Xavier-Marc-Antoine de Montesquiou-Fézensac	French
native language	Nane Germon (1909--2001) was a French television and film actress.	Nane Germon	French
native language	Edzard Schmidt-Jortzig (born 8 October 1941) is a German jurist.	Edzard Schmidt-Jortzig	German
native language	Louis Ignacio-Pinto (born June 21 1903 in Porto-Novo, Benin, and died May 24 1984 in Dourdan, France) was a politician from Benin who served in the French Senate from 1947-1955.	Louis Ignacio-Pinto	French
native language	Jean François Paschal Grousset (7 April 1844, Corte -- 9 April 1909, Paris) was a French politician, journalist, translator and science fiction writer.	Paschal Grousset	French
native language	Serge Roques (born 11 June 1947 in Albi, Tarn) is a French politician and mayor of Villefranche-de-Rouergue (Aveyron).	Serge Roques	French
native language	Victor Pierre Le Gorgeu (5 May 1881, Quimper, Finistère - 11 September 1963, Paris) was a French politician of France's Third, Fourth and Fifth Republics.	Victor Pierre Le Gorgeu	French
native language	Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff (10 March 1788 -- 26 November 1857) was a German poet, novelist, playwright, literary critic, translator, and anthologist.	Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff	German
native language	Stéphane Pedrazzi is a French financial journalist, currently working for CNBC as the channel's Paris correspondent.	Stéphane Pedrazzi	French
native language	Didier Rimaud (1922--2003) was a French Jesuit, composer and poet.	Didier Rimaud	French
native language	Michel Pierre Alexis Hébert (7 July 1799 -- 19 April 1887) was a French lawyer, a deputy to the National Assembly from 1834 to 1848 and a Minister of Justice and Religious Affairs during the last year of the July Monarchy.	Michel Pierre Alexis Hébert	French
native language	Jean Mermoz (9 December 1901, Aubenton, Aisne -- 7 December 1936) was a French aviator, viewed as a hero by many in both Argentina and his native France, where many schools bear his name.	Jean Mermoz	French
native language	Jeanne-Marie Marsan (née Chapiseau) (1746 -- 25 February 1807) was a French dramatic actress and an opera singer, active in France and Germany in Europe, and in the French West Indies and Louisiana.	Jeanne-Marie Marsan	French
native language	Jacques Goudstikker (August 30, 1897 -- May 16, 1940) was a Jewish Dutch art dealer who fled the Netherlands when it was invaded by Nazis during World War II, leaving an extensive and significant art collection including over 30 ``Old Masters'' which was looted by the Nazis.	Jacques Goudstikker	Dutch
native language	Jean-Luc Lemoine (born April 6, 1970) is a French humorist, TV chronicler and presenter.	Jean-Luc Lemoine	French
native language	Charles Sorel, sieur de Souvigny (c. 1602 -- March 7, 1674) was a French novelist and general writer.	Charles Sorel, sieur de Souvigny	French
native language	Jacques Doriot (French: (ʒak dɔʁjo); 26 September 1898, Bresles, Oise -- 22 February 1945, near Mengen, Württemberg) was a French politician prior to and during World War II. He began as a Communist but then turned Fascist.	Jacques Doriot	French
native language	Azouz Begag, (Arabic: عزوز بقاق ‎) (born 5 November 1957 in Lyon, Rhône, France) is a French writer, politician and researcher in economics and sociology at the CNRS.	Azouz Begag	French
native language	Charlotte Aïssé (a corruption of Haïdé), (c.1694 -- 13 March 1733), French letter-writer, was the daughter of a Circassian chief, and was born about 1694.	Charlotte Aïssé	French
native language	Madeleine Milhaud (22 March 1902 -- 17 January 2008) was a French actress and librettist.	Madeleine Milhaud	French
native language	Ernst-Reinhard Beck (born 31 August 1945 in Stetten am kalten Markt, Baden-Württemberg) is a German politician and member of the conservative CDU.	Ernst-Reinhard Beck	German
native language	Georges Grassal de Choffat or Hugues Rebell (27 October 1867, Nantes - 6 March 1905, Paris) was a French author.	Hugues Rebell	French
native language	Marcel Brion (French: (bʁi.ɔ̃); 21 November 1895, Marseille -- 23 October 1984, Paris) was a French essayist, literary critic, novelist, and historian.	Marcel Brion	French
native language	Henri René Guieu (19 March 1926 -- 2 January 2000) was a French science fiction writer and a famous ufologist who published primarily with the pseudonym Jimmy Guieu.	Henri René Guieu	French
native language	Moïse Amyraut, Latin Moyses Amyraldus (Bourgueil, September 1596 -- January 8, 1664), in English texts often Moses Amyraut, was a French Protestant theologian and metaphysician.	Moses Amyraut	French
native language	André Rivoire (5 May 1872 -- 19 August 1930) was a French poet and playwright whose work was defined by the delicate precision of his observation.	André Rivoire	French
occupation	Thomas Wilson Williamson (August 4, 1887 -- November 16, 1974) was a Kansas architect who specialized in designing school buildings in Kansas, Iowa, and Missouri.	Thomas Wilson Williamson	architect
occupation	Ha Jung-woo (born Kim Sung-hoon on March 11, 1978) is a South Korean actor and film director.	Ha Jung-woo	actor
occupation	Kevin Peter Hall (May 9, 1955 -- April 10, 1991) was an American actor best known for his roles as the title character in the first two films in the Predator franchise and the title character of Harry in the film and television series, Harry and the Hendersons.	Kevin Peter Hall	actor
occupation	Clark James Gable (born September 20, 1988, in Malibu, California) is an American actor, model, and television presenter.	Clark James Gable	actor
occupation	Professor ``Leo'' Cheung Kam Ching (張錦青, born 1963) is a philosopher in Hong Kong.	Cheung Kam Ching	philosopher
occupation	Anne Everett (1943--2013) was an American artist from the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia.	Anne Everett	artist
occupation	Zhao Zhiwen (born 1983-11-27 in Nantong, Jiangsu) is an Olympic equestrian sportsman for China.	Zhao Zhiwen	equestrian
occupation	Bernardo Polo (died c. 1700) was a Spanish painter, active in Zaragosa, depicting still-life paintings of fruit and flowers.	Bernardo Polo	painter
occupation	Mamela Nyamza is a dancer, teacher, choreographer, and activist in South Africa.	Mamela Nyamza	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Vilmos Huszár (1884--1960) was a Hungarian painter and designer.	Vilmos Huszár	painter
occupation	Khaled Mohieddine (born August 17, 1922) (Arabic: خالد محيى الدين‎, IPA: (ˈxæːled ˈmoħj edˈdiːn)) was an Egyptian politician and a major in the Egyptian Army.	Khaled Mohieddin	politician
occupation	Leonardo Carrera Gómez (born June 9, 1961) is a Mexican professional wrestler best known under the name Damián 666.	Damián 666	professional wrestler
occupation	Noah Bradley is an American artist primarily known for his work on Magic:	Noah Bradley	artist
occupation	``The creative legacy and troubled world of painter Neith Nevelson,' Forrest Norman, ''Miami New Times``, June 24--30, 2004.	Neith Nevelson	painter
occupation	Nicola Petrina (November 13, 1861 -- January 11, 1909) was a Sicilian socialist and politician.	Nicola Petrina	politician
occupation	Anita Hamilton is a journalist whose career began at her college newspaper, The Dartmouth, where she was a reporter and editor.	Anita Hamilton	journalist
occupation	Barbara Schantz was a police officer in Springfield, Ohio when she appeared nude in the May 1982 issue of Playboy.	Barbara Schantz	police officer
occupation	William Craig, Lord Craig FRSE LLD (1745--1813) was a Scottish judge and essayist.	William Craig, Lord Craig	judge
occupation	Cubworld (real name: Jake Kongaika) is a Hawaiian singer-songwriter and one of the first three artists to release their CD on the music website Sellaband with the raised US$50,000.	Cubworld	singer
occupation	Richard Cole (born January 2, 1946) is an English music manager, who was involved in the rock music business from the mid-1960s to 2003, and is most famous for being the tour manager of English rock band Led Zeppelin from 1968 to 1980.	Richard Cole	tour manager
occupation	Valérie Sajdik is an Austrian pop singer, lyricist, host and actress.	Valérie Sajdik	singer
occupation	Richard T. Mariano is a Democratic politician and former member of the City Council of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Richard T. Mariano	politician
occupation	John Twelve Hawks (pseudonym) is the author of the 2005 dystopian novel The Traveler and its sequels, The Dark River and The Golden City, collectively comprising the Fourth Realm Trilogy.	John Twelve Hawks	author
occupation	Inbal Perlmuter (Hebrew: ענבל פרלמוטר‎, January 15, 1971 -- October 1, 1997) was an Israeli composer, musician, singer and lyricist, and a founding member of the band Ha-Mechashefot (``The Witches'').	Inbal Perlmuter	singer
occupation	Angus William McDonald (February 14, 1799 -- December 1, 1864) was a 19th-century American military officer and lawyer in the U.S. state of Virginia.	Angus William McDonald	lawyer
occupation	Lior Navok (born September 6, 1971) (Hebrew: ליאור נבוק) is an Israeli classical composer and conductor.	Lior Navok	composer
occupation	David Isberg (born February 23, 1975) is a Swedish musician, most famous for having founded seminal Swedish progressive death metal band Opeth.	David Isberg	musician
occupation	Lourdes Gourriel Delgado (born March 9, 1957) is a Cuban baseball player and Olympic gold medalist.	Lourdes Gourriel	baseball player
occupation	Larry Blyden (June 23, 1925 -- June 6, 1975) was an American actor, stage producer and director and game show host.	Larry Blyden	actor
occupation	De'Mario Monte Thornton (born June 13, 1985), known as Raz-B, is an American, singer and actor.	Raz-B	singer	actor
occupation	Danilo Bućan (Serbian Cyrillic: Данило Бућан) is a Serbian rugby union player.	Danilo Bućan	rugby union player
occupation	Steve Garbarino is an American journalist, editor, and author of A Fitzgerald Companion:	Steve Garbarino	journalist
occupation	Karl Diedrich Bader (born December 24, 1966) is an American actor and comedian who has done supporting roles in comedies such as Office Space, Napoleon Dynamite, The Drew Carey Show, Veep and the Outsourced TV series.	Diedrich Bader	actor
occupation	Yoo Jae-suk (Hangul: 유재석; RR: Yu Jae-seok; born on August 14, 1972), is a South Korean comedian, actor, and television comedy show host.	Yoo Jae-suk	comedian	actor
occupation	Johann Peter Kirsch (November 3, 1861 -- February 4, 1941) was a church historian and Biblical archaeologist.	Johann Peter Kirsch	archaeologist
occupation	Fitz Henry Lane (born Nathaniel Rogers Lane, also known as Fitz Hugh Lane) (December 19, 1804 -- August 14, 1865) was an American painter and printmaker of a style that would later be called Luminism, for its use of pervasive light.	Fitz Henry Lane	painter
occupation	Liu I-chou (Chinese: 劉義周; pinyin: Liú Yìzhōu) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Liu I-chou	politician
occupation	Jung Joon-young (Hangul: 정준영 Hanja: 鄭俊英 born February 21, 1989) is a South Korean rock singer, songwriter, radio DJ, MC, actor, and entertainer.	Jung Joon-young	singer
occupation	Maurice Abravanel (January 6, 1903 -- September 22, 1993) was an American conductor of classical music.	Maurice Abravanel	conductor
occupation	Paul Korver (born November 18, 1971) is an American filmmaker, producer, and entrepreneur who currently resides in Los Angeles.	Paul Korver	entrepreneur
occupation	Midori Takada (Japanese: 高田みどり) is a Japanese composer and percussionist.	Midori Takada	percussionist
occupation	Cândida Branca Flor (November 12, 1949 -- July 11, 2001) was a famous Portuguese entertainer and traditional singer whose career spanned for decades.	Cândida Branca Flor	singer
occupation	Louise Dupré (born July 9, 1949) is a Quebec journalist, educator and writer.	Louise Dupré	journalist
occupation	Buckethead (as a performer, producer, or composer) was introduced to Laswell with the help of Limbomaniacs drummer Bryan ``Brain'' Mantia, who gave Laswell a video of Buckethead playing in his room.	Buckethead	composer
occupation	Maria Isser (22 October 1929 -- 2011) was an Austrian luger who competed during the early 1950s and early 1960s.	Maria Isser	luger
occupation	William Morton Wheeler (March 19, 1865 -- April 19, 1937) was an American entomologist, myrmecologist and Harvard professor.	William Morton Wheeler	entomologist	myrmecologist
occupation	Deven Bhojani is an Indian Television actor and director.	Deven Bhojani	actor
occupation	Duncan Johnstone (July 25, 1925 -- November 14, 1999) was a Scottish bagpiper and composer.	Duncan Johnstone	composer
occupation	Nabil Kassel (born March 10, 1984) is an Algerian boxer best known to win the middleweight gold at the 2007 All-Africa Games.	Nabil Kassel	boxer
occupation	Arturo Vigna (1863, Turin - January 30, 1927, Milan) was an Italian opera conductor who was particularly associated with the operas of Giuseppe Verdi.	Arturo Vigna	conductor
occupation	Owen Benjamin (born May 24, 1980) is a comedian and actor from Oswego, New York, best known for his appearance on the popular Spike reality show Bar Rescue.	Owen Benjamin	actor
occupation	Alfred Mosher Butts (April 13, 1899 -- April 4, 1993) was an American architect, famous for inventing the board game Scrabble in 1938.	Alfred Mosher Butts	architect
occupation	Thomas Sanderling started his career in Sondershausen and Reichenbach, before being appointed music director in Halle/Saale in 1966, where he began to discover and work on a wide range of repertoire in both concert and opera.	Thomas Sanderling	music director
occupation	Sir Arthur Richard Jelf (September 10, 1837, Pankow, near Berlin - July 24, 1917, Putney) was an English judge.	Arthur Richard Jelf	judge
occupation	Marco Marinangeli is a Grammy-nominated Italian composer, songwriter and producer.	Marco Marinangeli	composer
occupation	The Master of the Heisterbach Altarpiece was a German painter active around Cologne between 1440 and 1460.	Master of the Heisterbach Altarpiece	painter
occupation	Zoona Begum (Kashmiri: زونہ بیگم) is a Kashmiri Indian politician who is an elected official in the local panchayat government in the Hardshiva village in Baramulla district of the state of Jammu and Kashmir.	Zoona Begum	politician
occupation	Bijou Heron (September 1, 1863 -- March 18, 1937), born Helen Wallace Stoepel was an American stage actress, who became famous as a child actor in the 1870s.	Bijou Heron	actor
occupation	Annamaria Lusardi is an Italian-born economist and the Denit Trust Distinguished Scholar and Professor of Economics and Accountancy at The George Washington University School of Business, where she also serves as the Academic Director of the Global Financial Literacy Excellence Center.	Annamaria Lusardi	economist
occupation	Ann David-Antoine (born July 6, 1949) is a Grenadian politician, nurse, and midwife.	Ann David-Antoine	politician
occupation	Allen Weinstein (September 1, 1937 -- June 18, 2015) was an American historian, educator, and federal official who served in several different offices.	Allen Weinstein	historian
occupation	Judith Fox is an American writer, award-winning photographer, and a former business owner.	Judith Fox	photographer
occupation	Charles Page Fletcher (born in the 1950s) is a Canadian actor who has starred in films and on television.	Page Fletcher	actor
occupation	Dan Raspler is an editor and writer of comic books for DC Comics.	Dan Raspler	writer
occupation	Laura Ingalls Wilder (/ˈɪŋɡəlz/; February 7, 1867 -- February 10, 1957) was an American writer known for the Little House on the Prairie series of children's novels (1932 to 1943) based on her childhood in a settler family.	Laura Ingalls Wilder	writer
occupation	Jim Babka (born 1968) is a writer, activist, and former radio talk-show host.	Jim Babka	writer
occupation	May Upton was a cricketer who played for Sussex.	May Upton	cricketer
occupation	Paulo Francis (Rio de Janeiro, September 2, 1930 -- New York City, February 4, 1997) was a Brazilian journalist, political pundit, novelist and critic.	Paulo Francis	journalist
occupation	Jeong Yoon-cheol (born on May 14, 1971) is a South Korean film director.	Jeong Yoon-cheol	film director
occupation	Toufik Mansour is an Israeli mathematician working in algebraic combinatorics.	Toufik Mansour	mathematician
occupation	Stan Freberg (born Stanley Friberg; August 7, 1926 -- April 7, 2015) was an American author, recording artist, animation voice actor, comedian, radio personality, puppeteer and advertising creative director, whose career began in 1944.	Stan Freberg	voice actor
occupation	Siona Benjamin is a painter originally from Bombay, now living in the US.	Siona Benjamin	painter
occupation	Ethan Paquin is an American poet and a native of New Hampshire.	Ethan Paquin	poet
occupation	Joe DeMitchell (born October 26, 1964) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played four seasons in the minor leagues.	Joe DeMitchell	ice hockey player
occupation	Josephine Lorraine Malach (March 23, 1933 -- March 3, 2003) was a Canadian ceramic artist, ceramic muralist and painter.	Lorraine Malach	painter
occupation	Hanny Nahmias (Hebrew: חני נחמיאס‎; born April 9, 1959) is an Israeli singer, actress, writer, television personality and children's star.	Hanny Nahmias	singer	writer
occupation	Herbert Funk Goodrich (born July 29, 1889, Anoka, Minnesota, died June 25, 1962) was a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.	Herbert Funk Goodrich	judge
occupation	Gary Odom is a former American politician and the former Democratic Minority Leader of the Tennessee House of Representatives.	Gary Odom	politician
occupation	Olivia Hetreed is a British screenwriter and editor, and the current president of the Writers' Guild of Great Britain.	Olivia Hetreed	screenwriter
occupation	Wendy Weinberg (born June 27, 1958) is an American former competition swimmer who was an Olympic Games, Pan American Games, and Maccabiah Games medalist.	Wendy Weinberg	swimmer
occupation	William Slade, Jr. (May 9, 1786 -- January 18, 1859) was an American Whig and Anti-Masonic politician.	William Slade	politician
occupation	Panagiotis Tsakalakos (in Greek Παναγιώτης Τσακαλάκος) (born in New Jersey, United States in c. 1978) a Greek-American singer and guitarist is the winner of the second series of Greek Idol.	Panagiotis Tsakalakos	singer
occupation	Joe Tabbanella is an American actor who played Stevens on the MyNetworkTV limited-run serial Saints & Sinners.	Joe Tabbanella	actor
occupation	Roger Lane is an American historian, and Professor Emeritus at Haverford College.	Roger Lane	historian
occupation	D. Harold McNamara, Ph.D. (June 28, 1923 - January 9, 2014) was an American astronomer at Brigham Young University and an internationally recognized authority in intrinsic variable and eclipsing binary stars.	D. Harold McNamara	astronomer
occupation	Johann Hast (June 15, 1808 -- February 19, 1852) was a German philosopher born in Ottenstein-Ahaus.	Johann Hast	philosopher
occupation	Adam Zamoyski is a British historian and author, descended from the ancient Polish Zamoyski noble family.	Adam Zamoyski	historian
occupation	Sol Yaged (born December 8, 1922) is an American jazz clarinetist, strongly influenced by Benny Goodman's style.	Sol Yaged	clarinetist
occupation	Jyotsna Radhakrishnan (born September 5, 1986) is a playback singer in Malayalam cinema.	Jyotsna Radhakrishnan	singer
occupation	Keith Padgett is a Falklander politician who has served as Chief Executive of the Falkland Islands since 2012.	Keith Padgett	politician
occupation	Linton Kwesi Johnson (aka LKJ, born in Jamaica, 24 August 1952) is a UK-based dub poet.	Linton Kwesi Johnson	poet
occupation	Jonathan Taylor Thomas (born Jonathan Taylor Weiss on September 8, 1981) is an American actor, voice actor, former child star, and teen idol.	Jonathan Taylor Thomas	actor
occupation	Isaac Adams (August 16, 1802 -- July 19, 1883) was an American inventor and politician.	Isaac Adams	politician
occupation	Kari Berg is a Swedish singer-songwriter, actress, model and author.	Kari Berg	singer
occupation	Lester George is an internationally renowned golf course architect who was born in Wiesbaden, Germany in 1955 while his father was stationed there by the United States Air Force.	Lester George	architect
occupation	Ictinus (/ɪkˈtaɪnəs/; Greek: Ἰκτῖνος, Iktinos) was an architect active in the mid 5th century BC. Ancient sources identify Ictinus and Callicrates as co-architects of the Parthenon.	Ictinus	architect
occupation	Charles F. Crosby (December 12, 1847 -- December 1, 1889) was an American politician and lawyer from Minnesota and Wisconsin.	Charles F. Crosby	politician	lawyer
occupation	Charles Amirkhanian (born January 19, 1945; Fresno, California) is an American composer.	Charles Amirkhanian	composer
occupation	Marie-France Larouche (born June 5, 1980 in Lévis, Quebec) is a Canadian curler, who currently skips her own team out of the Club de curling Etchemin in Saint-Romuald, Quebec.	Marie-France Larouche	curler
occupation	Loïs Andréa is a French singer, backup singer, songwriter and producer.	Loïs Andréa	singer
occupation	Chad Weininger (born February 2, 1972) is a Wisconsin administrator, politician and former Republican legislator from Green Bay, Wisconsin.	Chad Weininger	politician
occupation	Samuel Dana (June 26, 1767 -- November 20, 1835) was an American lawyer and politician who served in both branches of the Massachusetts General Court, as President of the Massachusetts Senate and as a United States Representative from Massachusetts.	Samuel Dana	lawyer	politician
occupation	Margaret Aileen Carroll, PC, (born June 1, 1944) is a former Canadian politician.	Aileen Carroll	politician
occupation	Iordan Chimet (November 18, 1924 -- May 23, 2006) was a Romanian poet, children's writer and essayist, whose work was inspired by Surrealism and Onirism.	Iordan Chimet	writer
occupation	Frank Lovece is an American journalist and author, and a comic book writer primarily for Marvel Comics, where he and artist Mike Okamoto created the miniseries Atomic Age.	Frank Lovece	journalist
occupation	Caritino Maldonado Pérez (October 5, 1915 - April 17, 1971) was a Mexican politician who served as the Governor of Guerrero from 1969 until 1971.	Caritino Maldonado Pérez	politician
occupation	Peter Zeindler (born 1934) is a Swiss journalist, crime fiction writer and playwright.	Peter Zeindler	journalist	writer
occupation	Marcel Depont (born March 28, 1901, date of death unknown) was a French boxer.	Marcel Depont	boxer
occupation	Wei Yanan (Chinese: 魏亚楠 ; born 6 December 1981) is a Chinese marathon runner.	Wei Yanan	marathon runner
occupation	John Bosom (died 1440), of Bosomzeal, Dittisham, Devon, was an English politician.	John Bosom (died 1440)	politician
occupation	Franz Bendel (March 23, 1833 -- July 3, 1874) was a German Bohemian pianist and composer.	Franz Bendel	pianist	composer
occupation	Diandra Newlin (born March 4, 1991) is an American actress, singer, and fashion model.	Diandra Newlin	singer	model
occupation	Floyd Benjamin Streeter was a historian and librarian of Hays City Kansas State College (now Fort Hays State University).	Floyd Benjamin Streeter	librarian
occupation	Aranza (born September 27, 1971) is a Mexican singer, known for her work in TV Azteca with singer-songwriter Armando Manzanero and for interpreting Dime, the theme song for Mirada de Mujer, one of the most successful Mexican telenovelas of all time.	Aranza	singer
occupation	Georgios Krestenitis (Greek: Γεώργιος Κρεστενίτης) was a Greek politician from Elis.	Georgios Krestenitis	politician
occupation	Alonzo Chappel (1828--1887) was an American painter, best known for paintings depicting personalities and events from the American Revolution and early 19th-century American history.	Alonzo Chappel	painter
occupation	Joan Jay was a singer and dancer at the Windmill Theatre in London, from 1936--1947.	Joan Jay	singer	dancer
occupation	Dean Hill (born October 26, 1986) is an Iroquois lacrosse player for the Georgia Swarm in the National Lacrosse League.	Dean Hill	lacrosse player
occupation	Marcus Aurelius Arnheiter (born November 8, 1925, died August 18, 2009 in Novato, Cal.), was a retired U.S. Navy officer, known for being relieved of command of USS Vance (DE-387) after only 99 days.	Marcus Aurelius Arnheiter	officer
occupation	Antton Luengo Celaya (born January 17, 1981 in Gautegiz Arteaga, Basque Country) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer, who retired in 2008 after spending his entire career with Euskaltel-Euskadi.	Antton Luengo	bicycle racer
occupation	Samuel Santos López (born December 13, 1938) is a Nicaraguan politician, currently the Minister of Foreign Affairs, appointed to the post on January 10, 2007.	Samuel Santos López	politician
occupation	William E. Kaufman is an American Conservative Jewish rabbi, theologian and author.	William E. Kaufman	rabbi	theologian	author
occupation	Roger Joseph Kiley (October 23, 1900 -- September 6, 1974) was an American football player and later a United States federal judge.	Roger Joseph Kiley	judge
occupation	Terry Phillips is a journalist, author and media consultant.	Terry Phillips	journalist
occupation	Edward Columbus Hosford, also known as Edward C. Hosford and E. C. Hosford, (April 24, 1883 -- January 2, 1939) was a Georgia-born American architect noted for the courthouses and other buildings that he designed in Florida, Georgia and Texas.	Edward Columbus Hosford	architect
occupation	Alice Baber (August 22, 1928 -- October 2, 1982) was an American abstract expressionist painter who worked in oil and watercolor.	Alice Baber	painter
occupation	Shmuel Ashkenasi (Hebrew: שמואל אשכנזי‎; born January 11, 1941) is an Israeli violinist and teacher.	Shmuel Ashkenasi	violinist	teacher
occupation	Peter Hagendorf was a German mercenary soldier in the Thirty Years' War.	Peter Hagendorf	soldier
occupation	Gail Hershatter is an American historian of Modern China who holds the Distinguished Professor of History chair at the University of California, Santa Cruz.	Gail Hershatter	historian
occupation	Ramesh Bhatkar is a Marathi film, stage and TV actor.	Ramesh Bhatkar	actor
occupation	Andreas Peter Berggreen (March 2, 1801 -- November 8, 1880) was a Danish composer, organist, and pedagogue.	Andreas Peter Berggreen	composer
occupation	Lee Stringer is a writer who lived, homeless and crack-addicted, on the streets of New York City from the early eighties until the mid-nineties.	Lee Stringer	writer
occupation	Phil R. White is a Canadian artist and sculptor.	Phil R. White	artist	sculptor
occupation	Kelson Henderson (born 1975) is a well versed Stage, TV & Film actor from New Zealand.	Kelson Henderson	actor
occupation	Lee Keo-ra (also Lee Gyeo-ra, Korean: 이 겨라; born May 7, 1989) is a South Korean swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Lee Keo-ra	swimmer
occupation	Horia Sima (July 3, 1907 -- May 25, 1993) was a Romanian nationalist-fascist politician.	Horia Sima	politician
occupation	Kobsak Sabhavasu is a Thai politician and former Deputy Prime Minister.	Kobsak Sabhavasu	politician
occupation	Adam Lebovitz is an American film and television producer, focusing on thriller, horror and comedy.	Adam Lebovitz	television producer
occupation	Then in 1924 he was awarded with the Honorary Degree by the U of A. In the 1927-1929 season, Vernon Barford was the first conductor of the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra,and from 1932 - 1937 Vernon gave over 3 series of lectures, 60 lectures in total over the radio with CKUA.	Vernon Barford	conductor
occupation	Bert Bates (1907--1976) was a British film editor, sometimes credited as A. S. Bates.	Bert Bates	film editor
occupation	William Todd Field (born February 24, 1964) is an American actor and three-time Academy Award nominated filmmaker.	Todd Field	actor
occupation	Warrior (born James Brian Hellwig; June 16, 1959 -- April 8, 2014) was an American professional wrestler, who wrestled, among the others, under the ring name The Ultimate Warrior for the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE) from 1987 to 1991 and again in 1992 and 1996.	The Ultimate Warrior	professional wrestler
occupation	Nelofer Pazira is an award-winning Afghan-Canadian director, actress, journalist and author.	Nelofer Pazira	journalist
occupation	Luis Manuel Molina de Varona (born February 25, 1959) is a Cuban musician, concert guitarist, composer, arranger, musical director, broadcaster and radio producer.	Luis Manuel Molina	composer
occupation	Gareth Matthews (July 8, 1929 -- April 17, 2011) was a renowned American philosopher who specialized in ancient philosophy, and the philosophy of children.	Gareth Matthews	philosopher
occupation	Francis Oliver Finch (1802--1862), was an English watercolour painter, and a member of The Ancients, the group of young artists formed around Samuel Palmer and the elderly William Blake in the 1820s.	Francis Oliver Finch	painter
occupation	Mitch Brian is an award-winning filmmaker and screenwriter who has sold, optioned or written on assignment more than 25 scripts to major studios, networks and independent production companies.	Mitch Brian	screenwriter
occupation	Marjorie Gross (April 18, 1956 -- June 7, 1996) was a television writer and producer.	Marjorie Gross	writer
occupation	Cristoforo Moretti (documented in Lombardy and Piedmont 1451 -- 1475) was a Lombard painter of the quattrocento who worked in a late International Gothic style very similar to that of Michelino da Besozzo's last period.	Cristoforo Moretti	painter
occupation	Daphne Kalotay is a novelist and short story writer who lives in Somerville, Massachusetts.	Daphne Kalotay	novelist
occupation	David Levien is an American screenwriter, novelist, director, and producer.	David Levien	screenwriter
occupation	Marek Papała (September 4, 1959 -- June 25, 1998) was a Polish police officer, and Chief of Police from January 3, 1997 --	Marek Papała	police officer
occupation	Fabien Fabiano (1882--1962), pseudonym of Jules Coup de Fréjac, was a French illustrator, portrait painter, and designer.	Fabien Fabiano	painter
occupation	Rodrigo Guidolin is a professional tennis player born on September 20, 1985 in Piracicaba, Brazil.	Rodrigo Guidolin	tennis player
occupation	Frank W. Hackett (April 11, 1841 -- August 10, 1926) was a civilian administrator and lawyer who served as an Assistant Secretary of the Navy under President William McKinley.	Frank W. Hackett	lawyer
occupation	Frank Crumit (September 26, 1889 -- September 7, 1943) was an American singer, composer, radio entertainer and vaudeville star.	Frank Crumit	singer
occupation	Anthony Francis (born April 22, 1957), known by his stage name Sanga of The Valley, is a Trinidadian drummer, Babatunde Olatunji' s student, member of the Village Drums of Freedom.	Sanga of The Valley	drummer
occupation	Phyllis Sinclair is a Cree, Canadian folk singer-songwriter .	Phyllis Sinclair	singer
occupation	Jeff Beal (born June 20, 1963) is an American composer of music for film, television, recordings, and the concert hall.	Jeff Beal	composer
occupation	Omraam Mikhaël Aïvanhov (Mihail Ivanov) (January 31, 1900 - December 25, 1986) was a Bulgarian philosopher, pedagogue, alchemist, mystic, magus and astrologer.	Omraam Mikhaël Aïvanhov	philosopher
occupation	Muhammad Abul Khair Kashfi (Urdu: سید محمد ابو الخیر کشفی) was a Pakistani author, researcher, critic, linguist and scholar of Urdu literature and linguistics.	Abul Khair Kashfi	linguist
occupation	José Luis Dalmau Santiago (born September 19, 1966) is a Puerto Rican attorney, politician and Senator.	José Luis Dalmau	politician
occupation	Claudia Carawan (born April 19, 1959, Alexandria, Virginia, United States) is an American singer-songwriter and pianist.	Claudia Carawan	singer-songwriter
occupation	Raymond Barakett is a Canadian lawyer and arbitrator.	Raymond Barakett	lawyer
occupation	Oliver Cotton (born 1944) is an English actor and playwright, known for his prolific work on stage, TV and film.	Oliver Cotton	actor
occupation	William Grady Ward (born April 4, 1951) is an American software engineer, lexicographer, and Internet activist who has featured prominently in the Scientology versus the Internet controversy.	Grady Ward	engineer	lexicographer
occupation	George Motola (November 15, 1919 -- February 15, 1991) was a record producer, songwriter and sound engineer from the 1950s until his death.	George Motola	songwriter
occupation	Ned Porter was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team.	Ned Porter	hurler
occupation	Dana King (born March 7, 1960) is an American broadcast journalist who served as an anchor for San Francisco CBS Affiliate KPIX.	Dana King	journalist
occupation	Anđeo Lovrov Zadranin (active during the fourteenth century) was a Croatian architect.	Anđeo Lovrov Zadranin	architect
occupation	Betty Davis (born Betty Mabry, July 26, 1945) is an American funk singer.	Betty Davis	singer
occupation	Son Sue-Kyung (Hangul: 손수경), better known by her stage name Sue Son, is a South Korean classical and crossover violinist, raised in the United Kingdom and based in Seoul.	Sue Son	violinist
occupation	Verna L. Jones-Rodwell (born November 27, 1955) was an American politician who represented the 44th legislative district in the Maryland State Senate.	Verna L. Jones	politician
occupation	William Cohen (born 1978), better known by the stage name Billy Corben, is an American documentary film director.	Billy Corben	film director
occupation	Phylip Brydydd (fl. c. 1200-25) was a Welsh language court poet.	Phylip Brydydd	poet
occupation	Adam Ford is a British-born archaeologist who has worked in United Kingdom, the Caribbean, the Middle East and Australia.	Adam Ford	archaeologist
occupation	Bhagwan Das Gupta (1940--1998) was a Nepalese politician and two time Member of Parliament from Kapilvastu.	Bhagwan Das Gupta	politician
occupation	Johanna Freda Gertrude Wilhelmsen (née Stelling; January 16, 1913 -- March 19, 2005) was an American track and field athlete and softball player.	Gertrude Wilhelmsen	softball player
occupation	Ferdinando Maria Poggioli (1897--1945) was an Italian screenwriter, film editor and director.	Ferdinando Maria Poggioli	screenwriter	film editor
occupation	Don Domingo d'Yriarte, also spelled de Yriarte or Iriate (1746--1795), was a Spanish diplomat and aristocrat with the rank of marqués.	Domingo d'Yriarte	diplomat
occupation	Colin Frangicetto (born July 3, 1981) is a musician and painter from Doylestown, Pennsylvania.	Colin Frangicetto	painter
occupation	Clare Kenny is a British musician who has been bassist for a number of groups from the 1980s to the present day, including:	Clare Kenny	musician
occupation	In 1780, Nonhelema served as a guide and translator for Augustin de La Balme in his campaign to the Illinois country.	Nonhelema	translator
occupation	Graeme Cordy (born 23 October 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and the Sydney Swans in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Graeme Cordy	Australian rules footballer
occupation	John Llewelyn (born 1928) is a Welsh-born British philosopher whose extensive body of work, published over a period of more than forty years, spans the divide between Analytical and Continental schools of contemporary thought.	John Llewelyn	philosopher
occupation	Gabriel Toubia was ordained priest on April 16, 1960.	Gabriel Toubia	priest
occupation	Daniel Espartaco Sánchez (Chihuahua, México, 1977) is a young Mexican writer.	Daniel Espartaco Sánchez	writer
occupation	Jonathan A. Rosenbaum (sometimes credited as Jon Rosenbaum) is American television director and producer.	Jonathan A. Rosenbaum	television director
occupation	Able Seaman John Hartnell (1820 -- 4 January 1846) was an explorer, and part of Sir John Franklin's last expedition.	John Hartnell	explorer
occupation	John Wroth (died 1396), of Enfield, Middlesex and Downton, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	John Wroth (died 1396)	politician
occupation	Frank Fleming was a Gaelic football player for Mayo in their cup-winning season.	Frank Fleming	Gaelic football player
occupation	Charles Gordon Hewitt (February 23, 1885 -- February 29, 1920) was a Canadian economic entomologist and pioneer of conservation biology.	Charles Gordon Hewitt	entomologist
occupation	Morton Freeman Plant (August 18, 1852, Branford, Connecticut - November 4, 1918, New York City) was a United States financier.	Morton Freeman Plant	financier
occupation	Robert de Bardelby (fl. 1323), was an English judge.	Robert de Bardelby	judge
occupation	Craig Cannonier (born 1963) is a Bermudian politician, who served as Premier of Bermuda from 18 December 2012 until his resignation on 19 May 2014.	Craig Cannonier	politician
occupation	Dean Watkins, a retired aeronautical engineer, was the Prohibition Party candidate for Vice-president of the United States in 2000.	Dean Watkins	engineer
occupation	Pietro Paolo Floriani (1585--1638) was an Italian engineer and architect who designed many military and theatrical buildings.	Pietro Paolo Floriani	engineer
occupation	Andrew Onraet is a British architect and is founder and principal of AEON Architects.	Andrew Onraet	architect
occupation	Émile Savitry (1903-1967) was a French photographer and painter.	Émile Savitry	photographer	painter
occupation	William Tobe Hooper (born January 25, 1943) is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer best known for his work in the horror film genre.	Tobe Hooper	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Horace Julian Bond (January 14, 1940 -- August 15, 2015) was an American social activist and leader in the Civil Rights Movement, politician, professor and writer.	Julian Bond	politician
occupation	Geraldine Moodie (1854--1945) was a pioneering Canadian photographer who opened a studio at Battleford, Saskatchewan, in 1891.	Geraldine Moodie	photographer
occupation	Michael Carey (born July 24, 1987 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian country music singer.	Michael Carey	singer
occupation	Heo Ga-yoon (born May 18, 1990) is a South Korean idol singer.	Heo Ga-yoon	singer
occupation	Aleksandr Yakovlevich Mikhailov (Russian: Александр Яковлевич Михайлов; born 4 October 1944) is a Soviet film actor.	Aleksandr Yakovlevich Mikhailov	actor
occupation	Vijay Raghunath Pandharipande (August 7, 1940 - January 3, 2006) was an Indian-American physicist, who played a leading role in the development of the nuclear many-body problem.	Vijay Raghunath Pandharipande	physicist
occupation	Frank Milo McBryde is an American politician and optician who served as the Mayor of Fayetteville, North Carolina from 2000 until 2001.	Milo McBryde	politician
occupation	Professor Martha Young-Scholten is a linguist specialising in the phonology and syntax of second language acquisition (SLA).	Martha Young-Scholten	linguist
occupation	Charles Ginnever is an American sculptor known primarily for large-scale abstract steel work.	Charles Ginnever	sculptor
occupation	Prithvi Singh Kandhal is a civil engineer who has been recognized internationally for his work in asphalt road construction technology.	Prithvi Singh Kandhal	civil engineer
occupation	Franz Josef Kallmann, MD (July 24, 1897 -- May 12, 1965), a German-born American psychiatrist, was one of the pioneers in the study of the genetic basis of psychiatric disorders.	Franz Josef Kallmann	psychiatrist
occupation	Matt DePeters (born August 20, 1987) is an American freestyle skier who has competed since 2006.	Matt DePeters	freestyle skier
occupation	Dr. Kenneth O. Hill is a physicist who specializes in the field of photonics.	Kenneth O. Hill	physicist
occupation	Peketi Sivaram (Telugu: పేకేటి శివరాం) (b: 1918 - d: 2006) is South Indian actor and director.	Peketi Sivaram	actor
occupation	Ralph Tabakin (September 22, 1921 - May 13, 2001) was an American actor, engineer, and World War II veteran.	Ralph Tabakin	actor
occupation	John Batki is an American short story writer, poet, and translator.	John Batki	translator
occupation	Mafalda Arnauth is a fado singer.	Mafalda Arnauth	singer
occupation	Don Creech (born October 30, 1948) is an American actor who has appeared in many television shows.	Don Creech	actor
occupation	Jill Dickin Schinas (also known under the names Jill Schinas and Jill Dickin) is a nautical writer, journalist and illustrator.	Jill Dickin Schinas	journalist
occupation	William Dalderby (fl. 1383-1404) was an English politician.	William Dalderby	politician
occupation	Arupa Kalita Patangia (aka Arupa Patangia Kalita, Assamese: অৰূপা কলিতা পতংগীয়া) is an Assamese novelists and short story writer and known for her fiction writing in Assamese.	Arupa Kalita Patangia	writer
occupation	Harl H. Haas, Jr. (December 24, 1932 -- September 21, 2013) was an American politician and jurist in Oregon.	Harl H. Haas, Jr.	politician
occupation	Sir Adam Beck (June 20, 1857 -- August 15, 1925) was a politician and hydroelectricity advocate who founded the Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario.	Adam Beck	politician
occupation	David Wearing is a British writer and researcher.	David Wearing	writer
occupation	Akram Shah (born June 11, 1974) is an Indian judoka, played in the extra-lightweight (-60 kg) in various National and International tournaments.	Akram Shah	judoka
occupation	Jinian Wilde, sometimes Jin Wilde and Wilde!, is a British singer, songwriter, studio vocalist, vocal instructor and musician who has worked with a great number of musical projects and with UK's Paris Music.	Jinian Wilde	singer
occupation	Aaron Cormican (New Smyrna Beach, FL, USA), known as ``Gorkin'', is an American Professional surfer known for his aggressive style, he is often tagged by some as the best air and junk surfer in the world.	Aaron Cormican	surfer
occupation	Henry Bruseles born in Gurabo, Puerto Rico is a Puerto Rican professional boxer who fights in the light welterweight division.	Henry Bruseles	boxer
occupation	Lenient Obia (born August 1, 1977) is a Nigerian former swimmer, who specialized in backstroke events.	Lenient Obia	swimmer
occupation	Angelo Congear (1888--1986) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian National Football League between 1908 and 1922.	Angelo Congear	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Beatrice Harraden (1864--1936) was a British writer and suffragette.	Beatrice Harraden	writer	suffragette
occupation	Frederick Winters was an American weightlifter and Olympic medalist.	Frederick Winters	weightlifter
occupation	Gary Wheaton is a Canadian born American businessman and politician.	Gary Wheaton	politician
occupation	Brent Armitage (born 1966) is an American film actor, screenwriter, producer, and director who got his start as an actor.	Brent Armitage	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Harri Nuutinen (born October 3, 1962 Helsinki) is a Finnish singer, who won the popular song vocals SM Contests old dance series in 1977.	Harri Nuutinen	singer
occupation	Ana Štajdohar (Serbian Cyrillic: Ана Штајдохар; born November 24, 1979, in Belgrade) is a Serbian singer.	Ana Štajdohar	singer
occupation	Rita Ryack is a costume designer who was nominated for an Academy award during the 73rd Academy Awards for Best Costumes.	Rita Ryack	costume designer
occupation	Jacob Elias Friend (December 6, 1857 -- April 20, 1912) was an American politician, lawyer, and businessman.	Jacob Elias Friend	politician	lawyer
occupation	Morton B. Panish (born April 8, 1929) is an American physical chemist who, with Izuo Hayashi, developed a room-temperature continuous wave semiconductor laser in 1970.	Morton B. Panish	chemist
occupation	Newton Faller (January 25, 1947--October 9, 1996) the son of Kurt Faller and Ada Faller from Rio Grande do Sul, was a Brazilian computer scientist and electrical engineer.	Newton Faller	computer scientist	engineer
occupation	Barbara Yeager (born September 25, 1958) is an American stage and film actress and dancer.	Barbara Yeager	dancer
occupation	S. Antonidas (Greek: Σ. Αντονιδας) was a Greek fencer.	S. Antonidas	fencer
occupation	Bruce Alexander Michael Brewster (born c.1968), better known by his stage name Rayvon, is a Barbadian reggae singer, known for his work with Shaggy.	Rayvon	singer
occupation	Max Wertheimer (April 15, 1880 -- October 12, 1943) was an Austro-Hungarian-born psychologist who was one of the three founders of Gestalt psychology, along with Kurt Koffka and Wolfgang Köhler.	Max Wertheimer	psychologist
occupation	Denise Lor (May 3, 1929 -- September 27, 2015) was an American popular singer and actress.	Denise Lor	singer
occupation	Bird J. Vincent (March 6, 1880 - July 18, 1931) was a soldier and politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.	Bird J. Vincent	politician
occupation	Leon Baker (born 17 August 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Swan Districts in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) during the 1980s.	Leon Baker	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Francisco Hélmer Herrera Buitrago also known as ``Pacho'' and ``H7'', (August 24, 1951 in Palmira, Valle del Cauca -- November 4, 1998 in Palmira, Valle del Cauca) was a Colombian drug trafficker, fourth in command in the Cali Cartel.	Hélmer Herrera	drug trafficker
occupation	Amar Talwar is an artist and Bollywood actor.	Amar Talwar	actor
occupation	Charlie Nash, born in Derry, Northern Ireland, in 1951, is a retired boxer.	Charlie Nash	boxer
occupation	Michael Trieb (born 1936 in Berlin) is a German architect, urban planner (SRL) and university professor.	Michael Trieb	architect	university professor
occupation	Andrés Calamaro (born Andrés Calamaro Masel, August 22, 1961), is an Argentine musician, composer and Latin Grammy winner.	Andrés Calamaro	composer
occupation	Than Wyenn (May 2, 1919 -- January 30, 2015) was an American character actor.	Than Wyenn	actor
occupation	Gary B.B. Coleman (January 1, 1947 -- February 14, 1994) was an American soul blues guitarist, singer, songwriter and record producer.	Gary B.B. Coleman	singer
occupation	Margarete Bagshaw (November 11, 1964 -- March 19, 2015) was an American painter and potter.	Margarete Bagshaw	painter
occupation	Abol Hussein Tanhai (born 15 Persian date Farvardin 1330, Isfahan ) was a sociologist in Iranian.	Abol Hussein Tanhai	sociologist
occupation	Aditya Kapadia (born 14 November 1986) is an Indian film & television actor.	Aditya Kapadia	actor
occupation	Kurt Goldstein (November 6, 1878 -- September 19, 1965) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist who created a holistic theory of the organism.	Kurt Goldstein	neurologist	psychiatrist
occupation	Þórólfur Beck Kristjónsson (Thorolfur Beck Kristjonsson) (born April 14, 1974) is an entrepreneur, game designer and producer best known for co-founding the video game company CCP Games and creating the board game Hættuspil (Danger Game).	Þórólfur Beck Kristjónsson	entrepreneur
occupation	Rena Effendi (born April 26, 1977, Baku) is an Azerbaijani photographer.	Rena Effendi	photographer
occupation	Michel Abboud is a Lebanese born architect.	Michel Abboud	architect
occupation	Eua Sunthornsanan (Thai: เอื้อ สุนทรสนาน; rtgs: Uea Sunthonsanan; January 21, 1910, Amphawa, Samut Songkhram Province -- April 1, 1981) was a singer, Thai composer and bandleaderof Suntharaporn band in the 1940s.	Eua Sunthornsanan	composer
occupation	Kameron Hurley is an American science fiction and fantasy writer.	Kameron Hurley	writer
occupation	Mark Seibert is an American musician, composer, and producer best known for his work on various video games from Sierra Entertainment.	Mark Seibert	composer
occupation	Michael Ammar (born June 25, 1956) is an American close-up magician.	Michael Ammar	magician
occupation	Sarabeth Tucek is an American singer and songwriter.	Sarabeth Tucek	singer
occupation	Qian Jialing (born February 3, 1988) is a Chinese archer and is a former world number one.	Qian Jialing	archer
occupation	James C. Wang (Chinese: 王倬, born November 18, 1936) is Chinese-born American biochemist and biologist.	James C. Wang	biologist
occupation	Mario Duplantier (born June 19, 1981) is a French musician and artist best known as the drummer of technical death metal band Gojira.	Mario Duplantier	musician
occupation	Alden Spurr McWilliams generally credited as Al McWilliams and A. McWilliams (February 2, 1916 - March 19, 1993), was an American comics artist who co-created the first African-American lead character of a comic strip.	Al McWilliams	comics artist
occupation	Edward R. Dougherty is an American mathematician, electrical engineer, Robert M. Kennedy '26 Chair, and Distinguished Professor of Electrical Engineering at Texas A&M University.	Edward R. Dougherty	mathematician
occupation	Louis Nerz (1866-1938) was an Austrian screenwriter and actor.	Louis Nerz	screenwriter	actor
occupation	David Heatley (born October 17, 1974) is an American cartoonist, illustrator, graphic designer and musician.	David Heatley	cartoonist
occupation	Robert Earl Sawyer (June 5, 1923 -- November 11, 1994) was an African-American playwright, director and actor.	Robert Earl Sawyer	actor
occupation	Diodorus Siculus (/ˌdaɪəˈdɔːrəs ˈsɪkjʊləs/; Greek: Διόδωρος Σικελιώτης Diodoros Sikeliotes) or Diodorus of Sicily was a Greek historian.	Diodorus Siculus	historian
occupation	Augustin Smith Clayton (November 27, 1783 -- June 21, 1839) was a jurist and politician from the American state of Georgia.	Augustin Smith Clayton	politician
occupation	Rick Priestley is a miniature wargaming designer and author who lives near Nottingham, England.	Rick Priestley	designer
occupation	Jean Sénac had a long-running friendship with French Algerian-born writer and Literary Nobel Prize laureate Albert Camus that lasted from 1947 to 1958.	Jean Sénac	writer
occupation	Csaba Gyutai (born October 14, 1966) is a Hungarian politician, who served as Mayor of Zalaegerszeg from October 2010 to October 2014.	Csaba Gyutai	politician
occupation	Frances Lowell (October 12, 1886-unknown) was an American educational psychologist known for her research in child psychology, intelligence, and mental age.	Frances Lowell	psychologist
occupation	Justin Rowlatt is a British news reporter and television presenter.	Justin Rowlatt	television presenter
occupation	Mitch Holleman (born Mitchell James Holleman, September 13, 1994) is an American child actor who is most notable for his portrayal of Jake Hart on the TV sitcom Reba.	Mitch Holleman	actor
occupation	Wayne Lock is a Welsh retired professional darts player.	Wayne Lock	darts player
occupation	Amguulan (阿穆隆) (born August 30, 1984), commonly known as Amulong or Amu, is a Chinese singer and songwriter of Mongolian descent.	Amguulan	singer
occupation	Elchin Alizade (Azerbaijani: Elçin Əlizadə) (born January 2, 1986) is an Azerbaijani amateur boxer best known to win silver at the 2005 World championships at heavyweight 201 lbs limit.	Elchin Alizade	boxer
occupation	Edward Raradza is a Zimbabwean politician and tobacco farmer.	Edward Raradza	politician
occupation	Philip Quincy Wright (December 28, 1890 -- October 17, 1970) was an American political scientist known for his pioneering work and expertise in international law and international relations.	Quincy Wright	political scientist
occupation	Joseph Stinson (also known as Joseph C. Stinson) is an American screenwriter best known for such films as City Heat, Stick and Sudden Impact.	Joseph Stinson	screenwriter
occupation	Tyler James Williams (born October 9, 1992) is an American actor, rapper, martial artist and musician.	Tyler James Williams	actor
occupation	Pat Harte is an Irish Gaelic football player for Mayo and plays his club football for Ballina.	Pat Harte	Gaelic football player
occupation	Richard Alfonso Martinez (born June 18, 1961), better known by the stage name Oz Fox, is the lead guitarist of the Christian glam metal band Stryper.	Oz Fox	guitarist
occupation	Valtteri Jokinen is a Finnish judoka who competes in the men's 60 kg category.	Valtteri Jokinen	judoka
occupation	Saoterus was a Bithynian Greek freedman who served as the Roman Emperor Commodus's palace chamberlain (a cubiculo).	Saoterus	chamberlain
occupation	He Hongmei is a Chinese judoka who competes in the women's 52 kg category.	He Hongmei	judoka
occupation	Arved Birnbaum is a German actor most known to audiences worldwide as Max Riemelt's down to earth senior in Dennis Gansel's vampire thriller/drama We Are The Night.	Arved Birnbaum	actor
occupation	In early 1980s, Sucharita was married to actor Jashim for about a year.	Sucharita	actor
occupation	Michael Obert (born 1966) is an award-winning German book author and journalist who has been compared with the likes of Bruce Chatwin, Jon Krakauer and Ryszard Kapuściński.	Michael Obert	author	journalist
occupation	Mary Wiltenburg (born July 6, 1976 in Rochester, New York) is an award-winning journalist based in Baltimore, Maryland, whose stories profile unfamous people and communities.	Mary Wiltenburg	journalist
occupation	Scott Litt (born c.1954) is an American record producer who mostly works with artists in the alternative rock genre and is best known for producing six R.E.M. albums during the band's most successful period.	Scott Litt	record producer
occupation	Arlene Bynon is a Canadian television and radio broadcaster, formerly an afternoon talk radio host on AM 640 in Toronto, Ontario.	Arlene Bynon	radio host
occupation	Adil Rishi (born January 2, 1989), a native of Srinagar, Kashmir, is an Indian cricketer.	Adil Rishi	cricketer
occupation	Bryan Ward-Perkins is an archaeologist and historian of the later Roman Empire and early Middle Ages, with a particular focus on the transitional period between those two eras, an historical sub-field also known as Late Antiquity.	Bryan Ward-Perkins	historian
occupation	Álvaro Zardoni (born January 4, 1964) is a Mexican sculptor and architect who has been a member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana since 2006.	Álvaro Zardoni	sculptor
occupation	Ernest Miller aka Punch Miller or Kid Punch Miller (June 10, 1894 -- December 2, 1971), was a Dixieland jazz trumpeter.	Punch Miller	trumpeter
occupation	Thomas Henry Ball (January 14, 1859 -- May 7, 1944) was a Texas politician and a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives.	Thomas Henry Ball	politician
occupation	Georgi Kandelaki (Georgian: გიორგი კანდელაკი) (born April 10, 1974 in Variani, Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic, Soviet Union) is a former boxer and current boxing administrator.	Georgi Kandelaki	boxer
occupation	Simon J. Smith is an English director, animator, layout artist and occasional voice actor for DreamWorks Animation and PDI.	Simon J. Smith	animator
occupation	Lefteris Papadimitriou is a Greek composer and performer.	Lefteris Papadimitriou	composer
occupation	Charlotte Fielden (born June 5, 1932) is a Canadian novelist, playwright, actress and poet.	Charlotte Fielden	novelist	playwright	poet
occupation	Mohamed Kassas (July 6, 1921 - March 21, 2012) was an Egyptian botanist and conservationist.	Mohamed Kassas	botanist
occupation	Anush Manukyan (Armenian: Անուշ Մանուկյան, born February 7, 1970 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian retired swimmer.	Anush Manukyan	swimmer
occupation	Nikola Andrić (July 5, 1867 -- April 7, 1942) was a Croatian writer, philologist and translator.	Nikola Andrić	translator
occupation	Sydney Northcote was a British musician, writer, editor, composer, arranger, adjudicator and administrator.	Sydney Northcote	composer
occupation	András Perczel (born May 10, 1959 in Budapest) is a Hungarian chemist, biochemist, university professor, an elected member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.	András Perczel	chemist
occupation	Barton Holland Warnock (1911--1998) was an American botanist and leading authority on flora of the Trans-Pecos area and northern Chihuahua Desert.	Barton Holland Warnock	botanist
occupation	Jeff Levy-Hinte (a.k.a. Jeffrey Kusama-Hinte) is an American film producer.	Jeff Levy-Hinte	film producer
occupation	Frank Mottek is an American broadcast journalist anchoring the business news on CBS stations KNX (AM) 1070 Newsradio and KCAL-TV Channel 9 in Los Angeles.	Frank Mottek	journalist
occupation	H. K. Ayliff was an English theatre director who directed Shakespeare in contemporary dress as early as the 1920s, as well as Yellow Sands on Broadway.	H. K. Ayliff	theatre director
occupation	Benjamin John is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who has represented the Kumuls.	Benjamin John	rugby league player
occupation	Dale DaBone (born January 8, 1972) is an American pornographic actor, and director.	Dale DaBone	pornographic actor
occupation	Ted Sutton is an American actor and voice over artist.	Ted Sutton	actor
occupation	Burke Riley (April 2, 1914 -- June 13, 2006) was an American legislator, lawyer and public official on territorial, state and national levels.	Burke Riley	lawyer
occupation	Jerry Peters is an American songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, conductor and arranger.	Jerry Peters	songwriter
occupation	Alex Jeffries (born 27 April 1995 in Newport, Wales) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays prop.	Alex Jeffries	rugby union player
occupation	Zina Bethune (February 17, 1945 -- February 12, 2012) was an American actress, dancer, and choreographer.	Zina Bethune	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Binayak Sen originally started working as a paediatrician extending health care to poor people in the rural-tribal areas of the Chhattisgarh state, doubling up as a human rights activist.	Binayak Sen	human rights activist
occupation	In the 1920s and 1930s, Marian Allen became a successful author/illustrator of children's books such as The Wind in the Chimney, Joy Street volumes etc., writing mainly for Blackwell.	Marian Allen	illustrator
occupation	Willie Clayton (born March 29, 1955) is an American Chicago blues and soul-blues singer and songwriter.	Willie Clayton	singer
occupation	Jimmy Slyde (October 2, 1927 -- May 16, 2008), born James Titus Godbolt, and known as the King of Slides, was a world-renowned tap dancer, especially famous for his innovative tap style mixed with jazz.	Jimmy Slyde	dancer
occupation	Ivan D'Cruz (born in Tanzania, Africa) from Cannanore, now known as Kannur district in Kerala was an Indian cricketer.	Ivan D'Cruz	cricketer
occupation	Ruth Conniff is an American progressive journalist who serves as editor-in-chief of The Progressive.	Ruth Conniff	journalist
occupation	Patrick Cremin is a British actor who is best known for playing Neil Brooks in Families, Brian Meade in EastEnders, The Bill, Hustle, Heartbeat, Silent Witness, Bad Girls and Casualty.	Patrick Cremin	actor
occupation	John A. Giannetti, Jr. (born June 9, 1964) is an American politician and attorney from Maryland.	John A. Giannetti, Jr.	politician
occupation	Jerry Belmontes (born December 4, 1988 in Corpus Christi, Texas) is an American professional boxer.	Jerry Belmontes	boxer
occupation	David Chutter is a former Canadian politician, who served as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005, representing the riding of Yale-Lillooet.	David Chutter	politician
occupation	Ignaz Günther (November 22, 1725 -- June 27, 1775) was a German sculptor and woodcarver working in the Bavarian Rococo tradition.	Ignaz Günther	sculptor
occupation	John Pascal (July 8, 1932 -- January 7, 1981) was an American playwright, screenwriter, author, and journalist.	John Pascal	screenwriter
occupation	Arlene Stevens (born February 20, 1981) is a retired American epee fencer.	Arlene Stevens	fencer
occupation	Hans Dobbertin (April 17, 1952 -- February 2, 2006) was a German cryptographer who is best known for his work on cryptanalysis of the MD4, MD5, and original RIPEMD hash functions, and for his part in the design of the new version of the RIPEMD hash function.	Hans Dobbertin	cryptographer
occupation	Janet G. Woititz (c. 1939 -- June 7, 1994) was an American psychologist and researcher best known for her writings and lectures about the adult children of alcoholic parents., Including the 1983 book, Adult Children of Alcoholics.	Janet G. Woititz	psychologist
occupation	Jakob Dont (March 2, 1815 -- November 17, 1888) was an Austrian violinist, composer, and teacher.	Jakob Dont	violinist	composer
occupation	Elayna Boynton is an American indie soul singer.	Elayna Boynton	singer
occupation	Han T. Dinh is director of vehicle engineering for the United States Postal Service.	Han T. Dinh	director
occupation	Philip Anthony-Rodriguez (born March 10, 1968) is an American actor and voice actor known for his roles on Jake 2.0 as Kyle Duarte and the voice of disc jockey Maurice Chavez in the 2002 video game Grand Theft Auto:	Philip Anthony-Rodriguez	actor
occupation	Fadl Abdulrahman Shamandar (Arabic: فضل عبد الرحمن شمندر‎) better known as Fadl Shaker (Arabic: فضل شاكر‎) (born April 1, 1969) is a former prominent Lebanese singer of Lebanese origin> During his musical career he was signed to Al Khouyoul Records and from 2003 onwards with Rotana Records.	Fadl Shaker	singer
occupation	Boutaiba Sghir (born June 4, 1945) is an Algerian raï singer and songwriter.	Boutaiba Sghir	singer
occupation	Donald Stovel Macdonald, PC, CC (born March 1, 1932) is a retired Canadian lawyer who formerly served as a Liberal politician and Cabinet minister.	Donald Stovel Macdonald	politician
occupation	Randy Kaplan (b. Randall Leigh Kaplan) is an American songwriter, playwright, poet, and performer.	Randy Kaplan	songwriter
occupation	Thomas of Britain was a poet of the 12th century.	Thomas of Britain	poet
occupation	Qamili i Vogël, born Qamil Muhaxhiri (Gjakova, Yugoslavia) in (English translation: Little Qamil) was a famous Kosovo Albanian singer, composer, and the founder of the cultural-artistic society Ymer Riza.	Qamili i Vogël	singer
occupation	Nicolas Coccola (December 12, 1854--March 1, 1943) was a French Oblate missionary in British Columbia, Canada from 1880 until his death in 1943.	Nicolas Coccola	missionary
occupation	Diane Martel is an American music video director and choreographer.	Diane Martel	music video director	choreographer
occupation	Marco Camenisch is a Swiss anarchist and environmental activist.	Marco Camenisch	anarchist
occupation	Alberto Santiago Lovell (1912--1966), known as Alberto Lovell, was an Argentine heavyweight boxer, who won the gold medal in the Olympic Games in Los Angeles 1932.	Santiago Lovell	boxer
occupation	Ludwik Gross (September 11, 1904 -- July 19, 1999) was a Polish-American virologist who discovered two different tumor viruses, murine leukemia virus and mouse polyomavirus, capable of causing cancers in laboratory mice.	Ludwik Gross	virologist
occupation	Mitsuo Aoki, nicknamed Mits (December 4, 1914 - August 19, 2010) was an American theologian.	Mitsuo Aoki	theologian
occupation	William Blake Herron is a film screenwriter, director and actor who contributed to the screenplay for The Bourne Identity.	William Blake Herron	screenwriter
occupation	Federico Aubele (born 1974) is an Argentine singer-songwriter whose music blends a variety of genres and styles: singer-songwriter, electronic and dub music.	Federico Aubele	singer
occupation	Lin Tinggui (Chinese: 林庭珪; pinyin: Lín Tíngguì; Wade--Giles: Lin T'ing-kuei; fl. circa 1174--1189) (Japanese: Rin Teikei) was a Chinese painter of the Southern Song Dynasty (1127--1279 AD).	Lin Tinggui	painter
occupation	Sybil Gibson Higley was an American genealogist and author known for her contributions in the genealogy field and for starting and heading two different genealogical centers.	Sybil Gibson Higley	genealogist
occupation	Claire O'Callaghan is an Irish news and sports journalist and radio presenter, employed by iRadio.	Claire O'Callaghan	journalist
occupation	Warren H. Carroll (March 24, 1932 -- July 17, 2011) was a leading Roman Catholic historian and author and the founder of Christendom College.	Warren H. Carroll	historian
occupation	Charles E. Dagit, Jr. is a contemporary American architect, artist, writer and professor.	Charles E. Dagit, Jr.	architect	artist
occupation	Christian Friedrich Schmid (May 25, 1794 -- March 28, 1852) was a German Lutheran theologian born in the village of Bickelsberg (now part of Rosenfeld), Württemberg.	Christian Friedrich Schmid	theologian
occupation	Serge Spitzer (June 29, 1951 -- September 9, 2012) was a Romanian-born artist who worked in Jerusalem, New York and Berlin.	Serge Spitzer	artist
occupation	Anne Bishop is an American fantasy writer.	Anne Bishop	writer
occupation	Ji Peiding is a Chinese diplomat and a member of the Commission for Africa.	Ji Peiding	diplomat
occupation	Christo Hall (born in 1978, in Sydney, Australia) is an entrepreneur, ex-professional surfer, author and owner of a marketing agency.	Christo Hall	surfer
occupation	Dr. Gillette Hayden was a pioneering dentist and periodontist in the early 20th century.	Gillette Hayden	dentist
occupation	Einir Dafydd is a Welsh singer who won the third series of the television talent show Wawffactor and the 2007 Cân i Gymru (A Song for Wales) competition.	Einir Dafydd	singer
occupation	Sergey Minaev (Russian: Сергей Минаев, born January 25, 1975) - Russian writer, radio- and TV-presenter, journalist and wine importer.	Sergey Minaev	writer
occupation	Solomon Scheu (January 6, 1822 in Standenbühl, then in the Kingdom of Bavaria, now in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany -- November 23, 1888 in Buffalo, Erie County, New York) was an American businessman and politician from New York.	Solomon Scheu	politician
occupation	Douglas Max Utter (born December 8, 1950 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American expressionist painter.	Douglas Max Utter	painter
occupation	Ron Nevison is an American record producer and audio engineer.	Ron Nevison	audio engineer
occupation	Margot Botsford (born March 16, 1947 in New York, New York) is an American lawyer and jurist from Massachusetts.	Margot Botsford	lawyer
occupation	Lauren Scruggs Kennedy (born July 18, 1988) is an American fashion journalist and blogger.	Lauren Scruggs	journalist
occupation	Igal Bursztyn (born May 27, 1941) is an Israeli film director, writer, producer and adjunct full professor at the Tel Aviv University Film and TV Department.	Igal Bursztyn	film director
occupation	Abdul Rahman Hilmi (died 1805) was a Turkish calligrapher.	Abdul Rahman Hilmi	calligrapher
occupation	Rita Comisi (born August 16, 1985, in Itamarajn, Brazil) is an Italian singer who became a finalist of the Italian talent TV-show Amici di Maria De Filippi(it.)	Rita Comisi	singer
occupation	Khush Singh (born September 15, 1975) is an Indian-born American make-up artist, producer, director, and businesswoman.	Khush Singh	make-up artist
occupation	Uri Mayer (born August 4, 1946 in Târgu-Mureş, Romania) is Romanian-born Canadian violist and conductor.	Uri Mayer	conductor
occupation	Ignacio Asúnsolo (1890--1965) was a French trained, Mexican sculptor.	Ignacio Asúnsolo	sculptor
occupation	John Michael Higgins (born February 12, 1963) is an American actor and voice actor whose film credits include Christopher Guest's mockumentaries, the role of David Letterman in HBO's The Late Shift, and a starring role in the American version of Kath & Kim.	John Michael Higgins	actor	voice actor
occupation	Peter Van Zandt Lane (born Port Jefferson, New York on May 13, 1985) is an American composer of acoustic and electroacoustic music.	Peter Van Zandt Lane	composer
occupation	Kathleen York, also known by the nickname of ``Bird'' York, is an American actress, screenwriter, and singer-songwriter-recording artist.	Kathleen York	singer-songwriter
occupation	A river cruiseship Grigory Pirogov (built 1961) is named after the singer.	Grigory Pirogov	singer
occupation	Mick Hume (born 1959) is a British journalist and author whose writing focuses on issues of free speech and freedom of the press.	Mick Hume	journalist
occupation	Hafizur Rahman (born September 21, 1959) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 2 ODIs in 1986.	Hafizur Rahman	cricketer
occupation	Gabriella Goliger is a Canadian novelist and short story writer.	Gabriella Goliger	novelist
occupation	Chris Lord-Alge is an American mix engineer.	Chris Lord-Alge	engineer
occupation	Libby Riddles (born April 1, 1956) is an American dog musher, noteworthy as the first woman to win the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race.	Libby Riddles	musher
occupation	Zorana Arunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зорана Аруновић) (born November 22, 1986 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian sport shooter.	Zorana Arunović	sport shooter
occupation	Harold George ``Harry'' Bellanfanti, Jr. (born March 1, 1927), better known as Harry Belafonte, is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and social activist.	Harry Belafonte	singer	actor
occupation	Clayton LeBouef (born November 12, 1954) is an African and Blackfoot American actor, best known for his recurring role as Colonel George Barnfather in Homicide:	Clayton LeBouef	actor
occupation	Aileen Nicole Coleman-Mullen, known professionally as Nicole C. Mullen, (born January 3, 1967) is an American award-winning singer, songwriter, and choreographer.	Nicole C. Mullen	singer
occupation	Loreta Anilionytė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian philosopher, writer and translator.	Loreta Anilionytė	philosopher
occupation	Joe LaBarbera (born February 22, 1948) is an American jazz drummer and composer.	Joe LaBarbera	composer
occupation	Mike Rossman (born Michael Albert DePiano on July 1, 1955) is an American former professional boxer who won the WBA light heavyweight world title.	Mike Rossman	boxer
occupation	Louise Shivers (August 15, 1929 -- July 26, 2014) was an American author and writer-in-residence at Georgia Regents University, Augusta, Georgia.	Louise Shivers	writer
occupation	Roger Climpson OAM (born 18 October 1932) is a British-born Australian journalist, newsreader and television presenter.	Roger Climpson	journalist
occupation	The Marquis de Puyzieulx was a French statesman and diplomat of the 18th century.	Marquis de Puyzieulx	diplomat
occupation	Saul Winstein (October 8, 1912 -- November 23, 1969) was the Canadian chemist who discovered the Winstein reaction, in which he argued a non-classical cation was needed to explain the stability of the norbornyl cation.	Saul Winstein	chemist
occupation	Gerő Mály (1884--1952) was a Hungarian film actor who appeared in over sixty films during his career, generally in supporting roles.	Gerő Mály	actor
occupation	Andrea Boattini (born September 16 1969) is an Italian astronomer, a prolific discoverer of asteroids and comets.	Andrea Boattini	astronomer
occupation	Starke R. Hathaway (August 22, 1903 -- July 4, 1984) was an American psychologist who co-authored the psychological assessment known as the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI).	Starke R. Hathaway	psychologist
occupation	Vic Wilk (born August 30, 1960) is an American professional golfer	Vic Wilk	golfer
occupation	Manoj Paramahamsa is an Indian cinematographer, has worked in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam film industries.	Manoj Paramahamsa	cinematographer
occupation	Wangnia Pongte (died June 15, 2013) was an Indian football player and politician.	Wangnia Pongte	politician
occupation	Robert Hudson Tannahill (April 1, 1893 -- September 25, 1969) was a Detroit art collector and benefactor.	Robert Hudson Tannahill	art collector
occupation	Clinton Hart Merriam (December 5, 1855 -- March 19, 1942) was an American zoologist, ornithologist, entomologist, ethnographer, and naturalist.	Clinton Hart Merriam	zoologist	ornithologist
occupation	Taime Downe (/ˈteɪmiː ˈdaʊn/; born Gustave Molvik on September 29, 1964) is an American musician who first became notable as the lead singer of 1980s sleaze rock band Faster Pussycat.	Taime Downe	singer
occupation	In 1963--1964, Gudrun Ensslin earned her elementary school teacher's diploma.	Gudrun Ensslin	teacher
occupation	Joan McGuire Mohr is a United States historian and writer in military history, historical fiction, and biography.	Joan McGuire Mohr	historian
occupation	Tracy Lamourie is a long time human rights activist and a director and co-founder of the Canadian Coalition Against the Death Penalty.	Tracy Lamourie	human rights activist
occupation	Douglas B. Marshall (October 21, 1917 -- September 27, 2007) was an American industrialist and rancher with his wife, Margaret Cullen Marshall (February 25, 1921 -- February 16, 1993) of Gleannloch Farms Arabian horses.	Douglas B. Marshall	rancher
occupation	Nina Kaczorowski (born June 6, 1975), a.k.a. Nina K, is an American actress, stunt woman, model and dancer.	Nina Kaczorowski	model
occupation	Kevin Alves (born October 19, 1991) is a Brazilian/Portuguese-Canadian figure skater and actor.	Kevin Alves	actor
occupation	Cory Trepanier (born December 14, 1968, in Windsor, Ontario) is a Canadian landscape painter and filmmaker best known for his detailed oil paintings of the Canadian wilderness.	Cory Trepanier	painter
occupation	George Furth (December 14, 1932 -- August 11, 2008) was an American librettist, playwright, and actor.	George Furth	librettist	actor
occupation	Douglas Fowley (May 30, 1911 -- May 21, 1998) was an American movie and television actor.	Douglas Fowley	actor
occupation	Robert Walton Goelet (March 19, 1880 - May 2, 1941) was a financier and real estate developer in New York City.	Robert Walton Goelet	financier
occupation	Luis Alberto Villamizar Cárdenas (born October 26, 1944 -- died July 26, 2007) was a Colombian politician and diplomat.	Luis Alberto Villamizar Cárdenas	diplomat
occupation	Glen Mortimer was born in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, is a former Australian professional rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs and Cronulla Sharks.	Glen Mortimer	rugby league player
occupation	Mika Helkearo (born October 4, 1960) is a retired professional ice hockey player.	Mika Helkearo	ice hockey player
occupation	Hrvoje Slovenc (born 1976, Zagreb, Croatia) is a Croatian fine art photographer based in New York City.	Hrvoje Slovenc	photographer
occupation	Mafizur Rahman (born November 10, 1978, Madaripur) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 4 ODIs in 1997.	Mafizur Rahman	cricketer
occupation	Lily Monteverde (nickname Mother Lily, who first penned by showbiz columnist Lolit Solis) is a prominent Filipino film producer and businesswoman.	Lily Monteverde	film producer
occupation	Jack Soo (October 28, 1917 -- January 11, 1979) was a Japanese American actor.	Jack Soo	actor
occupation	Gary L. Randall is a Republican politician from Michigan who currently serves as the clerk of the Michigan House of Representatives.	Gary L. Randall	politician
occupation	Pablo Popovitch born September 9, 1984 is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, mixed martial artist and a 4th degree black belt under Jorge Popovitch.	Pablo Popovitch	mixed martial artist
occupation	Václav Nelhýbel (September 24, 1919 -- March 22, 1996) was a Czech-American composer, mainly of works for student performers.	Václav Nelhýbel	composer
occupation	Sarah Monette is an American novelist and short story author, writing mostly in the genres of fantasy and horror.	Sarah Monette	novelist
occupation	Perla Farías Lombardini is a Venezuelan television director, producer, screenwriter, and an executive at Telemundo.	Perla Farías	television director	screenwriter
occupation	Isaiah Rogers (August 17, 1800 -- April 13, 1869) was a US architect who practiced in Mobile, Alabama, Boston, Massachusetts, New York City, New York, Louisville, Kentucky, and Cincinnati, Ohio.	Isaiah Rogers	architect
occupation	Sabato Morais (Hebrew: שבתאי מוראיס‎; April 13, 1823 -- November 11, 1897) was an Italian-American rabbi, leader of Mikveh Israel Synagogue, pioneer of Italian Jewish Studies in America, and founder of the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York City.	Sabato Morais	rabbi
occupation	Rolo Villar is an Argentine radio host.	Rolo Villar	radio host
occupation	Eric Temple Bell (February 7, 1883 -- December 21, 1960) was a Scottish-born mathematician and science fiction writer who lived in the United States for most of his life.	Eric Temple Bell	mathematician
occupation	Sidney Harmon (April 30, 1907 -- February 29, 1988) was a film producer and screenwriter.	Sidney Harmon	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Irakli Abashidze (Georgian: ირაკლი აბაშიძე) (September 10, 1909 -- January 14, 1992) was a Georgian poet, literary scholar and politician.	Irakli Abashidze	poet
occupation	Suzan Emine Kaube (born 1942 in Pendik) is a Turkish-German writer, painter and pedagogue .	Suzan Emine Kaube	writer	painter
occupation	José Antonio Torres (born Julio 18, 1973) is a Mexican film director, producer, and musician based at Inukshuk Films Studios.	José Antonio Torres	film director
occupation	Vera Neumann (born Vera Salaff, July 24, 1907 -- June 15, 1993) was an American artist and entrepreneur best known for her boldly colored linen patterns and scarves signed ``Vera'' and featuring a ladybug.	Vera Neumann	artist
occupation	Abrar-ul-Haq (Punjabi, Urdu: ابرار الحق‎; born Abrar-ul-Haq Kahloon) is a Pakistani pop, bhangra, and folk musician and politician.	Abrar-ul-Haq	musician	politician
occupation	Mat Snow (born 20 October 1958) is an English music journalist, magazine editor, and author.	Mat Snow	editor
occupation	Chris Brinker (December 17, 1970 -- February 8, 2013) was an American film producer and director, known for his work in the action film The Boondock Saints (1999), and also as an actor in a small role in that film.	Chris Brinker	film producer
occupation	Doris Giller (January 22, 1931 -- April 25, 1993) was a Canadian journalist, who was best known as a literary editor for the Montreal Gazette and the Toronto Star.	Doris Giller	journalist
occupation	Leslie Ann Jones is a multiple Grammy Award-winning recording engineer working as Director of Music Recording and Scoring at Skywalker Sound, a Lucasfilm, Ltd. company.	Leslie Ann Jones	engineer
occupation	Indhu Rubasingham is an English theatre director and the current artistic director of the Tricycle Theatre in Kilburn, London.	Indhu Rubasingham	theatre director
occupation	Maggie Scarf (born Margaret Klein; May 13, 1932) is an American writer, journalist, and lecturer.	Maggie Scarf	writer	journalist
occupation	Steven Van Zandt (born November 22, 1950) is an American musician, songwriter, arranger, record producer, actor, and radio disc jockey, who frequently goes by the stage names Little Steven or Miami Steve.	Steven Van Zandt	musician	record producer	actor
occupation	Morris Schwartz (April 3, 1901 -- October 22, 2004) was an American photographic inventor, photographer and businessman.	Morris Schwartz	photographer
occupation	Angelo Zottoli (1826--1902) was an Italian Catholic priest and missionary in China and a sinologist.	Angelo Zottoli	Catholic priest
occupation	Derek George (born in Philadelphia, Mississippi) is an American country music singer, songwriter, and guitarist.	Derek George	singer, songwriter
occupation	Diosdado Simón Villares (Torremenga, October 15, 1954-Cáceres, April 28, 2002) was a Spanish researcher, biologist, botanist, tree surgeon and environmental teacher.	Diosdado Simón	biologist	botanist
occupation	Naeemul Haque is a Pakistani politician and a banker who serves as the chief of staff of Imran Khan and a founding member of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.	Naeemul Haque	politician
occupation	Zigfrīds Solmanis was a very good speed chess player having won over 70 such tournaments.	Zigfrīds Solmanis	chess player
occupation	Philippe Révillon (born 1970 or 1971 in Angers) is a French swimmer.	Philippe Révillon	swimmer
occupation	Louis Silverstein (October 10, 1919 -- December 1, 2011) was an American artist and graphic designer who is best known for his work at The New York Times.	Louis Silverstein	artist	graphic designer
occupation	Peter Thomas Dunican CBE FICE FISTructE FiEI was a structural engineer and former chairman of Ove Arup & Partners.	Peter Thomas Dunican	engineer
occupation	Gopa Periyadan (born Gopakumar Kadinjipalli Periyadan) is an engineer turned successful entrepreneur and business leader in Silicon valley living in California.	Gopa Periyadan	engineer
occupation	Lester Caslow (born July 10, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist in the featherweight division.	Lester Caslow	mixed martial artist
occupation	Hsin Shih-chang (Chinese: 信世昌; pinyin: Xìn Shìchāng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Hsin Shih-chang	politician
occupation	Jean-Pierre Paquin (born August 23, 1948) is a Canadian importer and politician from Quebec.	Jean-Pierre Paquin	politician
occupation	Dr. Paul Breslin is a geneticist and biologist.	Paul Breslin	geneticist	biologist
occupation	Michael Lazarou (born March 17, 1960 in Los Angeles, California) is an American film and television writer/producer.	Michael Lazarou	writer
occupation	In his memoirs published in 1993, the writer Tô Hoài confirmed that Xuân Diệu was reprimanded while in the Viet Minh for molesting other men in bed.	Xuân Diệu	writer
occupation	Robert Chesley (March 22, 1943, Jersey City, New Jersey -- December 5, 1990, San Francisco, California) was a playwright, theater critic and musical composer.	Robert Chesley	composer
occupation	Jamey Bowen (born November 8, 1969 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former lacrosse player who played for the Edmonton Rush in the National Lacrosse League.	Jamey Bowen	lacrosse player
occupation	Mohammad Tamim Nuristani (Pashto: محمد تمیم نورستاني‎) is a businessman and politician from Nuristan Province of Afghanistan.	Mohammad Tamim Nuristani	politician
occupation	Usman Ghani born November 20, 1996 is an Afghanistan cricketer.	Usman Ghani	cricketer
occupation	Faisal Athar (Urdu: فیصل اطہر‎; born October 15, 1975) is a Pakistani cricketer.	Faisal Athar	cricketer
occupation	David Amram (born November 17, 1930) is an American composer, conductor, multi-instrumentalist, and author.	David Amram	composer	conductor
occupation	Sergio Salvati is a cinematographer who is famous for his collaborations with Italian horror film director Lucio Fulci.	Sergio Salvati	cinematographer
occupation	William A. Coulter, born William Alexander Coulter, (March 7, 1849 - March 13, 1936) was an American painter of marine subjects.	William A. Coulter	painter
occupation	Ali Love (born Alexander Williams, 1979) is an English musician, singer and songwriter.	Ali Love	musician
occupation	František Jílek (May 22, 1913 -- September 16, 1993) was a Czech conductor, known especially for his interpretation of Leoš Janáček's works.	František Jílek	conductor
occupation	Warren Wiegratz is a saxophonist who has been named Reed/Brass Instrumentalist of the Year by the Wisconsin Area Music Industry Awards (WAMI) eleven times.	Warren Wiegratz	saxophonist
occupation	Rodrigo Lopresti (born September 6, 1976) is an American actor, musician and movie director who lives in Brooklyn, New York.	Rodrigo Lopresti	actor
occupation	George William Curtis (February 24, 1824 -- August 31, 1892) was an American writer and public speaker, born in Providence, Rhode Island, of New Englander ancestry.	George William Curtis	writer
occupation	Carole David (born July 25, 1954) was a Quebec poet and novelist.	Carole David	poet	novelist
occupation	Zulfiqar Jan (born November 10, 1979, Charsadda, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa) is a First-class Pakistani cricketer.	Zulfiqar Jan	cricketer
occupation	Milton Johns (born 13 May 1938) is an English actor whose thin features and talent for obsequious or oily characters has often influenced the many television parts he has received.	Milton Johns	actor
occupation	Max Wexler (also spelled Vexler or Wechsler, November 4, 1870 -- May 14, 1917) was a Romanian socialist activist and journalist, regarded as one of the main Marxist theorist of the early Romanian workers' movement.	Max Wexler	journalist
occupation	According to Fredegarius, the only contemporary source, Samo was a Frankish merchant who unified several Slavic tribes against robber raids and violence by nearby settled Avars, showing such bravery and command skills in battle that he was elected as the ``Slavic king'' (Latin: Rex Sclavorum).	Samo	merchant
occupation	Karl Bruckner, (January 9, 1906 -- October 25, 1982) was an Austrian children's writer.	Karl Bruckner	writer
occupation	Karl Stern (April 8, 1906 - November 11, 1975) was a German-Canadian neurologist and psychiatrist, and Jewish convert to the Catholic Church.	Karl Stern	neurologist	psychiatrist
occupation	Zlatko Gall (born December 1, 1954) is a Croatian journalist, commentator and rock critic.	Zlatko Gall	journalist
occupation	Kim Douglas Wiggins (born April 8, 1959) is an American painter and sculptor best known for his expressionist landscapes and historical imagery of the American West.	Kim Douglas Wiggins	painter
occupation	Jewell Stovall, better known as Babe Stovall (October 14, 1907 -- September 21, 1974), was an American Delta blues singer and guitarist.	Babe Stovall	singer
occupation	Eileen Ascroft was a journalist and writer.	Eileen Ascroft	journalist
occupation	Elżbieta Rafalska (born June 22, 1955) is a Polish politician, and the current Minister of Labour and Social Policy, serving since 2015.	Elżbieta Rafalska	politician
occupation	Jenny Queen (born March 18, 1979) is a singer-songwriter and author.	Jenny Queen	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ernesto de la Cruz (September 7, 1957 -- August 29, 1992), better known as Weng Weng, was a Filipino actor and martial artist.	Weng Weng	actor	martial artist
occupation	Edmundo Sanders was an Argentine speaker and actor.	Edmundo Sanders	actor
occupation	Sybe I. Rispens (born April 17, 1969) is a Dutch writer, scientist and entrepreneur.	Sybe I. Rispens	scientist
occupation	William Dean Howells (/ˈhaʊəlz/; March 1, 1837 -- May 11, 1920) was an American realist author, literary critic, and playwright.	William Dean Howells	playwright
occupation	Wesley Harms (born June 11, 1984) is a Dutch professional darts player, who plays in British Darts Organisation events.	Wesley Harms	darts player
occupation	Eumelus of Corinth (Greek: Εὔμελος Eumelos), of the clan of the Bacchiadae, is a semi-legendary early Greek poet to whom were attributed several epic poems as well as a celebrated prosodion, the treasured processional anthem of Messenian independence that was performed on Delos.	Eumelus of Corinth	poet
occupation	Herbert Mitgang (January 20, 1920 -- November 21, 2013) was an American author, editor, journalist, playwright, and producer of television news documentaries.	Herbert Mitgang	journalist
occupation	Robert Chester La Follette (March 31, 1897 in Pullman, Washington -- May 24, 1993 in White Plains, New York), was an American painter.	Chester La Follette	painter
occupation	Camill Hoffmann was a Jewish Czechoslovak diplomat and writer born in 1878.	Camill Hoffmann	diplomat
occupation	Walda Heywat (fl. 17th century), also called Metku, was an Ethiopian philosopher.	Walda Heywat	philosopher
occupation	Scott Krinsky (born November 24, 1968) is a Los Angeles-based actor and comic best known for his role as Jeffrey ``Jeff'' Barnes on the hit TV series Chuck and his role as Darryl on The O.C..	Scott Krinsky	actor
occupation	Donn Cambern (born October 9, 1929) is a film editor.	Donn Cambern	film editor
occupation	Michael Schuck Bebb (December 23, 1833 -- December 5, 1895) was an amateur systematic botanist in the 19th century with a reputation as the leading salicologist in both America and Europe.	Michael Schuck Bebb	botanist
occupation	Koko Komégné is a visual artist based in Douala and he is a promoter of the contemporary art scene in Cameroon.	Koko Komégné	artist
occupation	Miriam Kastner (born January 22, 1935) is an American oceanographer and geochemist.	Miriam Kastner	oceanographer
occupation	Carlos Rodríguez Cárdenas is a Cuban painter and one of the most relevant Cuban painters of the 1980s.	Carlos Rodríguez Cárdenas	painter
occupation	Cindy Figg-Currier (born February 23, 1960) is an American professional golfer who joined the LPGA Tour in October 1984.	Cindy Figg-Currier	golfer
occupation	Jean-Marie Fortier (July 1, 1920 -- October 31, 2002) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, Bishop of Gaspé, and Archbishop of Sherbrooke.	Jean-Marie Fortier	priest
occupation	Jonathan Caouette (born November 26, 1973) is an American film director, writer, editor and actor.	Jonathan Caouette	film director
occupation	Norman Doidge, FRCP(C), is a Canadian-born psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, and author of The Brain That Changes Itself (2007) and The Brain's Way of Healing (2015).	Norman Doidge	psychiatrist
occupation	Theos Casimir Bernard (1908--1947) was an explorer, and author, known for his work on yoga and religious studies, particularly in Tibetan Buddhism.	Theos Casimir Bernard	explorer	author
occupation	Roberto Ruscitti (Cansano, L'Aquila, December 12, 1941), was an Italian-Venezuelan composer, soloist and pianist, Nationally and internationally recognized for his compositions and for his interpretations of Venezuelan folk music.	Roberto Ruscitti	composer
occupation	Jenaro Prieto (1889--1946) was Chilean journalist, writer and politician.	Jenaro Prieto	journalist	writer
occupation	Zahira Barneto is a Spanish film production designer best known for her installations for the prestigious events company Macguffin with clients such as Real Madrid, BBVA, Banesto, Airbus, McDonald's or Renault.	Zahira Barneto	production designer
occupation	Rufus Cooper III (born March 21, 1978), also known by his stage name Young Noble, is an American rapper.	Young Noble	rapper
occupation	Nicholas Musuraca, A.S.C. (October 25, 1892 -- September 3, 1975) was a motion-picture cinematographer who began his film career as the chauffeur for silent film producer J. Stuart Blackton.	Nicholas Musuraca	cinematographer
occupation	Saint Senoch was a Taifal abbot and saint.	Senoch	abbot
occupation	Mordechai Halperin is an Israeli rabbi, physician and scientist.	Mordechai Halperin	rabbi
occupation	Stesichorus (Greek: Στησίχορος, Stēsikhoros, c. 640 -- 555 BC) was the first great lyric poet of the West.	Stesichorus	poet
occupation	Paul Okalik, MLA (Inuktitut: ᐹᓪ ᐅᑲᓕᖅ, IPA: (paːl ukaliq); born May 26, 1964) is a Canadian politician.	Paul Okalik	politician
occupation	Malcolm Dole (March 4, 1903 -- November 29, 1990) was an American chemist known for the Dole Effect in which he proved that the atomic weight of oxygen in air is greater than that of oxygen in water and for his work on electrospray ionization, polymer chemistry, and electrochemistry.	Malcolm Dole	chemist
occupation	Maupérin was a French painter of the 18th century for king Louis XVI.	Maupérin	painter
occupation	Roland Silly (-) was a French trade unionist and politician.	Roland Silly	politician
occupation	Femi Oyeniran is a British actor and director, notable for his role as ``Moony'' in the 2006 film Kidulthood and its 2008 sequel Adulthood.	Femi Oyeniran	actor
occupation	Zachary Carrettin is an American violinist, violist, conductor, and music educator.	Zachary Carrettin	violinist
occupation	Adrian McQuillan, MLA (8 June 1965, Ballymoney) is a DUP politician in Northern Ireland.	Adrian McQuillan	politician
occupation	Amitai Regev (born December 7, 1940) is an Israeli mathematician, known for his work in ring theory.	Amitai Regev	mathematician
occupation	Philip Coolidge (August 5, 1908 -- May 23, 1967) was an American film and stage actor best known for his numerous appearances in Alfred Hitchcock's films.	Philip Coolidge	actor
occupation	Huggy Leaver (born Hugh Leaver), sometimes credited as Huggy Lever, is a British actor and former vocalist of The Plastix, an early UK Punk band.	Huggy Leaver	actor
occupation	Warren P. Waters (8 September 1922 - 17 July 2000) was an American physicist, inventor and a World War II US Air Force Pilot.	Warren P. Waters	physicist
occupation	Paul Zimmermann (born November 13, 1964) is a French computational mathematician, working at INRIA.	Paul Zimmermann	mathematician
occupation	Tumi Makgabo ( c. 1974/75) is a South African television presenter best known for her work from 2000 to 2005 as a current affairs presenter at Cable News Network (CNN) International and anchor of its Inside Africa programme interviewing among others Thabo Mbeki, George W. Bush, Shimon Peres and Oprah Winfrey.	Tumi Makgabo	presenter
occupation	Dr. David E. Fairbrothers is an American botanist, Professor Emeritus and former chair of the Department of Biological Sciences of Rutgers University.	David E. Fairbrothers	botanist
occupation	Connie LeGrand (born in Columbus, Ohio) is an American television journalist who has served in broadcasting in South Carolina and was host of Speed News (now The Speed Report) from 2004 to 2006.	Connie LeGrand	journalist
occupation	Mervyn Henry Stevenson served as a Queensland police officer from 1947 until 1982.	Mervyn Henry Stevenson	police officer
occupation	Nina Sobell is a contemporary sculptor, videographer, and performance artist who was among the first to use the internet as an artistic medium.	Nina Sobell	artist
occupation	Steven Hoggett is a British choreographer and movement director.	Steven Hoggett	choreographer
occupation	Lee Tae-sung (Hangul: 이태성; hanja: 李太成, born April 21, 1985) is a South Korean actor.	Lee Tae-sung	actor
occupation	Ross Petot is an American ragtime, jazz and stride pianist and composer.	Ross Petot	composer
occupation	Amir Kertes (Hebrew: אמיר קרטס‎) is an Israeli musician and singer.	Amir Kertes	singer
occupation	Jesse Valdez (born December 7, 1947) is a former boxer.	Jesse Valdez	boxer
occupation	Elizabeth Brim is a blacksmith as well as an instructor at the Penland School of Crafts in Penland, North Carolina.	Elizabeth Brim	blacksmith
occupation	Cynthia Jean Cameron Breakspeare (born October 24, 1954) -- known as Cindy Breakspeare -- is a Jamaican jazz musician and former model.	Cindy Breakspeare	jazz musician	model
occupation	Luis R. Sepúlveda (born February 11, 1964) is an American attorney and politician who serves as the New York State Assemblyman from the 87th Assembly District in the Bronx, New York.	Luis R. Sepúlveda	politician
occupation	Zelda Sears (née Paldi; January 21, 1873 -- February 19, 1935) was an American actress, screenwriter, novelist and businesswoman.	Zelda Sears	screenwriter
occupation	Lowell Dale Morgan (December 18, 1914 -- March 30, 1971), generally cited as Dale Morgan or Dale L. Morgan, was an American historian, accomplished researcher, biographer, editor, and critic.	Dale Morgan	historian
occupation	Elizabeth Axtman is an American photographer and video artist whose work explores race in American culture.	Elizabeth Axtman	photographer
occupation	Carl Zimmerman (born November 15, 1929) is an American producer and talent agent.	Carl Zimmerman	talent agent
occupation	Whitney Myers Burnett (born September 8, 1984) is an American former competition swimmer.	Whitney Myers	swimmer
occupation	Tyrone Nix (born September 30, 1972) is the defensive coordinator for the Middle Tennessee football team and the former associate head coach and defensive coordinator for Ole Miss Rebels football, and the former Defensive Coordinator for the South Carolina Gamecocks and Southern Miss Golden Eagles.	Tyrone Nix	head coach
occupation	Leonid Petrovich Tatarinov (Russian: Леонид Петрович Татаринов; November 12, 1926 -- August 24, 2011) is a Russian and Soviet paleontologist and evolutionary biologist.	Leonid Petrovich Tatarinov	paleontologist
occupation	Rob Mounsey (born December 2, 1952) is an American award-winning composer, music producer, and musician.	Rob Mounsey	composer
occupation	Angela Zachepa-Muluzi (born c. 1983) is a Malawian accountant and politician.	Angela Zachepa	politician
occupation	Tamar Giladi (Hebrew: תמר גלעדי‎) is an Israeli singer.	Tamar Giladi	singer
occupation	Maria Monaci Gallenga (1880-1944) was an Italian textile designer and fashion designer.	Maria Monaci Gallenga	textile designer	fashion designer
occupation	Martin Wimbush (born 1949) is a British actor of stage, television and film.	Martin Wimbush	actor
occupation	David Fisiiahi is a Tongan rugby league player who represented his country at the 2000 World Cup and currently plays for the Ellerslie Eagles.	David Fisiiahi	rugby league player
occupation	Chaim Goldberg (March 20, 1917 -- June 26, 2004) was a Polish-Jewish artist, painter, sculptor, and engraver.	Chaim Goldberg	painter
occupation	Calvert Coggeshall is an abstract painter and a designer.	Calvert Coggeshall	painter
occupation	Andrew Brion Hogan Goddard (born February 26, 1975), better known as Drew Goddard, is an American film and television screenwriter, director, and producer.	Drew Goddard	screenwriter
occupation	Nicolae Bivol (born June 1, 1882, Ialoveni - July 3, 1940, Chişinău) was a Bessarabian politician, member of the Sfatul Ţării between 1917--1918, and Mayor of Chişinău in two terms between 1923-1924 and 1925-1926.	Nicolae Bivol	politician
occupation	Edwin M. Randall was a Florida lawyer and Republican politician who served as Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court from January 1869 to January 7, 1885.	Edwin M. Randall	lawyer
occupation	Shirin Guild (born 1946) is a contemporary British Iranian fashion designer.	Shirin Guild	fashion designer
occupation	Laura Z. Hobson (June 19, 1900 -- February 28, 1986) was an American novelist best known for her novel, Gentleman's Agreement.	Laura Z. Hobson	novelist
occupation	Oswald LeWinter (April 2, 1931 -- February 13, 2013) was an Austrian-born American author and poet.	Oswald LeWinter	poet
occupation	Manoj Punj (Punjabi: ਮਨੋਜ ਪੁੰਜ, Hindi: मनोज पुँज) was a successful Punjabi film director.	Manoj Punj	film director
occupation	Lauri Vaska (May 7, 1925 -- November 15, 2015) was an Estonian-American chemist who has made noteworthy contributions to organometallic chemistry.	Lauri Vaska	chemist
occupation	Gale Robbins (born Betty Gale Robbins (or Betty Gale Murphy), May 7, 1921 - February 18, 1980) was an American actress and singer.	Gale Robbins	singer
occupation	Sumner Baldwin (born March 8, 1833 in Ithaca, Tompkins County, New York) was an American merchant, banker and politician from New York.	Sumner Baldwin	politician
occupation	William De Vaull (December 12, 1870 - June 4, 1945) - also credited as William P. DeVaull - was an American film actor.	William De Vaull	actor
occupation	James Skivring Smith, Jr. (died c. 1950) was a Liberian politician who served as the 21st Vice President of Liberia from 1930 to 1944 under President Edwin Barclay.	James Skivring Smith, Jr.	politician
occupation	Peter Feldman is a professional poker player from Harper Woods, Michigan Feldmans's first major success in poker came in a 2006 World Series of Poker circuit event, where he won the tournament $532,950.	Peter Feldman	poker player
occupation	Fritz Schneider (born September 2, 1928) was a Swiss ski jumper who competed during the 1950s.	Fritz Schneider	ski jumper
occupation	Jane Stephens was an Irish zoologist who was considered a leading authority on sponges in Ireland with specialised knowledge in other marine life who identified and named over 40 sponges new to science.	Jane Stephens	zoologist
occupation	Mary Staunton, Irish singer and musician.	Mary Staunton	singer
occupation	Réal Lapierre (born August 5, 1944) is a Canadian politician and former École Pointe-Lévy geography teacher.	Réal Lapierre	politician
occupation	Matthew F. Bekker is an environmental geographer and dendrochronologist.	Matthew F. Bekker	geographer
occupation	Vito Picone (born March 20, 1941) is the lead singer of The Elegants, and along with Jimmy Mochella is a remaining original member.	Vito Picone	singer
occupation	Robert Yager is a British born freelance photographer based in Los Angeles.	Robert Yager	photographer
occupation	Lennie Weinrib (April 29, 1935 -- June 28, 2006), also known as Lenny Weinrib, Leonard Weinrib, and Len Weinrib, was an American actor, voice actor and writer.	Lennie Weinrib	voice actor
occupation	Lu Cai (Chinese: 陆采; 1497--1537) was a Ming Dynasty Chinese playwright.	Lu Cai	playwright
occupation	Brad Barr (born July 27, 1975) is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter, best known for his work with the The Slip, The Barr Brothers and Surprise Me Mr. Davis.	Brad Barr	singer-songwriter
occupation	Gilad Hesseg (Hebrew: גלעד השג‎) is an Israeli folk rock singer-songwriter and composer.	Gilad Hesseg	singer	composer
occupation	Axelle Carolyn (born 3 April 1979 in Brussels) is a Belgian filmmaker and former actor and journalist.	Axelle Carolyn	actor	journalist
occupation	Horace Mellor (21 February 1851 -- 27 February 1942) was an English cricketer active from 1874 to 1875 who played for Lancashire.	Horace Mellor	cricketer
occupation	Travis London (born July 16, 1988) is an American celebrity chef, television host, writer, and event planner.	Travis London	chef
occupation	Melanie Gillis is an award-winning photographer and make up artist based in Hamilton, Ontario.	Melanie Gillis	photographer
occupation	Yolly Roberson is a Miami, Florida attorney and Democratic politician who serves as the representative for District 104 of the Florida House of Representatives.	Yolly Roberson	politician
occupation	Božidar Kljajević (Serbian Cyrillic: Божидар Кљајевић) is a historian, geographer and ethnologist, and the author of more than 12 books.	Božidar Kljajević	historian
occupation	Tamara Garfield is an American actress, director, comedian, voiceover artist, and screenwriter.	Tamara Garfield	screenwriter
occupation	Lawrence Poons (born October 1, 1937), better known as Larry Poons, is an abstract painter who was born in Tokyo, Japan.	Larry Poons	painter
occupation	Maurice Davis (December 15, 1921 -- December 14, 1993) was a rabbi, and activist.	Maurice Davis	rabbi
occupation	Lincoln Ellsworth (May 12, 1880 -- May 26, 1951) was a polar explorer from the United States and a major benefactor of the American Museum of Natural History.	Lincoln Ellsworth	explorer
occupation	Nicolas Kummert (born March 12, 1979) is a Belgian jazz tenor saxophonist.	Nicolas Kummert	saxophonist
occupation	Olivier Jean (born March 15, 1984, in Lachenaie, Quebec) is a Canadian short track speed skater from Lachenaie, Quebec, currently residing in Montreal.	Olivier Jean	short track speed skater
occupation	Robert Alfano is an Italian-American experimental physicist.	Robert Alfano	physicist
occupation	Maxi Herber (October 8, 1920 -- October 20, 2006) was a German figure skater who competed in pair skating and single skating.	Maxi Herber	figure skater
occupation	Nicias (/ˈnɪʃiəs/; Νικίας Nikias; c. 470 BC -- 413 BC), was an Athenian politician and general during the period of the Peloponnesian War.	Nicias	politician
occupation	Charles Noyes Forbes (1883 - 1920) was an American botanist who primarily worked on Hawaii.	Charles Noyes Forbes	botanist
occupation	El Mafrex (born Mfreke Obong Ibanga; May 14, 1984) is a Nigerian-born, urban gospel singer-songwriter, based in Edinburgh, Scotland.	El Mafrex	singer
occupation	Lissie appeared on ``Losers'', the closing song on Take the Crown by British singer Robbie Williams, released November 2, 2012.	Lissie	singer
occupation	Jonathan Baxter Harrison (April 5, 1835 -- June 17, 1907), was a Unitarian minister and journalist who was involved in many of the social causes of his day: abolitionism, Indian rights, forest preservation, and the cultural improvement of the working class.	Jonathan Baxter Harrison	journalist
occupation	Bruce Walthers von Alten is an American underground cartoonist.	Bruce Walthers	cartoonist
occupation	Matthias Iberer (born April 29, 1985) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey player who ended his career playing for EHC Black Wings Linz of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Matthias Iberer	ice hockey player
occupation	Edgar Stillman Kelley (April 14, 1857 -- November 12, 1944) was an American composer, conductor, teacher, and writer on music.	Edgar Stillman Kelley	composer	conductor
occupation	Kawther Salam is a Palestinian journalist from Hebron.	Kawther Salam	journalist
occupation	Augustus Carney was an American actor during the early 1900s.	Augustus Carney	actor
occupation	Henry Demarest Lloyd (May 1, 1847 -- September 28, 1903) was a 19th-century American progressive political activist and pioneer muckraking journalist.	Henry Demarest Lloyd	journalist
occupation	Geoff Mackley is a freelance photographer who is also specialized in filming breaking news.	Geoff Mackley	photographer
occupation	James Gamble Rogers II (January 24, 1901 -- October 30, 1990) was a celebrated American architect practicing primarily in Winter Park, Florida in the middle years of the twentieth century.	James Gamble Rogers II	architect
occupation	Eleanor Friedberger (born September 2, 1976 in Oak Park, Illinois) is an American singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.	Eleanor Friedberger	singer
occupation	Larry Fallon (1937 -- June 2, 2005, Hoboken, New Jersey) was an American composer, arranger and record producer.	Larry Fallon	composer
occupation	Daniel Lorenzetti is an American author, documentary photographer and explorer.	Daniel Lorenzetti	photographer
occupation	Phanes of Halicarnassus was also very well respected within the military and royal community of Egypt.	Phanes of Halicarnassus	military
occupation	Nour ed-Din Mohammad Esfahani was a prominent Persian calligrapher.	Nour ed-Din Mohammad Esfahani	calligrapher
occupation	Korhan Basaran is a Turkish modern dancer and choreographer.	Korhan Basaran	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Joel Fuhrman (born December 2, 1953), is an American author, physician, speaker, and media personality who advocates what he calls a micronutrient-rich diet.	Joel Fuhrman	physician
occupation	Rick Mora (born January 22, 1975) is a Native American model and actor He is of mixed Apache and Yaqui ethnicity.	Rick Mora	actor
occupation	Michelle Lenhardt (born May 27, 1980 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Michelle Lenhardt	swimmer
occupation	Mary Catherine Bateson (born December 8, 1939) is an American writer and cultural anthropologist.	Mary Catherine Bateson	anthropologist
occupation	Calice Becker is a French master perfumer who worked for Roure Bertrand Dupont, By Kilian, Givaudan, Quest International.	Calice Becker	perfumer
occupation	Graham Blyth is an English audio engineer who is known for designing mixing consoles.	Graham Blyth	audio engineer
occupation	George Ericson (1893--1936), who worked under the name Eugene Iverd, was an American illustrator, teacher, and painter.	Eugene Iverd	painter
occupation	Michael Fabbri is an English stand-up comedian based in Brighton.	Michael Fabbri	comedian
occupation	Luis Jacob (born 1970) is an artist, writer, curator and educator living in Toronto.	Luis Jacob	artist
occupation	Nicolette Bethel is a Bahamian teacher, writer and anthropologist.	Nicolette Bethel	anthropologist
occupation	Monalisa Chinda (born 13 September 1974) is a Nigerian actress, film producer, television personality and media personality.	Monalisa Chinda	film producer
occupation	Willie Esterhuizen is an Afrikaans actor, writer and director.	Willie Esterhuizen	actor
occupation	Pierre Lallement (French: (lalmɑ̃); October 25, 1843 -- August 29, 1891) is considered by some to be the inventor of the pedal bicycle.	Pierre Lallement	inventor
occupation	Arunima Sharma (Assamese: অৰুণিমা শৰ্মা, Hindi: अरुणिमा शर्मा) (born 23 August 1981) is an Indian actor, who is mostly known for playing Rano Bali in the soap opera on Zee TV, Kasamh Se.	Arunima Sharma	actor
occupation	Roger Mathey is an award-winning American theatrical director, as well as a playwright, actor, producer, and filmmaker.	Roger Mathey	actor
occupation	Warren Foster (October 24, 1904 -- December 13, 1971) was an American writer, cartoonist and composer for the animation division of Warner Brothers and later with Hanna-Barbera.	Warren Foster	composer
occupation	Raqiya Haji Dualeh Abdalla (Somali: Raqiiyaa Xaaji Ducale Cabdille, Arabic: زاقيي ا حاجي دوالي عبد الله‎) is a Somali sociologist and politician.	Raqiya Haji Dualeh Abdalla	sociologist
occupation	Alexander Neibaur (January 8, 1808 -- December 15, 1883) was the first dentist to practice in Utah and first Jewish person to join the Latter Day Saint movement.	Alexander Neibaur	dentist
occupation	Manohar Lal (born 3 June 1938) is an Indian politician from Janata Party, who was member of the 6th Lok Sabha (1977--80) from Kanpur Lok Sabha constituency, the Lower of Indian Parliament.	Manohar Lal	politician
occupation	Asia Nalani Vernimo (born February 11, 1990), better known by her stage name Asia Cruise, is an American R&B singer.	Asia Cruise	singer
occupation	Derek Pell is a visual artist, photographer, writer and satirist.	Derek Pell	photographer	writer
occupation	Sadjad Pourghanad (سجاد پورقناد)(born December 22, 1981) is a Tar and Setar player, opera singer, Iranian journalist, founder of the Iranian Festival of Music-based Weblogs and Websites, and editor-in-chief of Harmony Talk, the online Persian journal on music.	Sadjad Pourghanad	opera singer	journalist
occupation	Eric Crumble (born December 10, 1966) is an American former boxer, and notably one of the sport's most prolific in terms of consistent losses.	Eric Crumble	boxer
occupation	Judah Moscato (b. c. 1530; d. c. 1593) was an Italian rabbi, poet, and philosopher of the sixteenth century; born at Osimo, near Ancona; died at Mantua.	Judah Moscato	rabbi
occupation	William Castle (April 24, 1914 -- May 31, 1977) was an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and actor.	William Castle	film director	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Bedřich Moldan (born August 15, 1935, Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech ecologist, publicist and politician.	Bedřich Moldan	politician
occupation	Niraj Sah is an actor and writer in the Hindi film industry.	Niraj Sah	actor
occupation	Jean Vallerand, CQ (December 24, 1915 -- June 24, 1994) was a composer, music critic, violinist, conductor, arts administrator, writer, and music educator from Quebec.	Jean Vallerand	composer	conductor	music educator
occupation	Thomas Dickens Arnold (May 3, 1798 -- May 26, 1870) was an American politician who served two terms in the United States House of Representatives, representing Tennessee's 2nd district from 1831 to 1833, and the 1st district from 1841 to 1843.	Thomas Dickens Arnold	politician
occupation	Hugh Daniel (April 19, 1962, Chicago, Illinois -- June 3, 2013, Pacifica, California) was a noted computer engineer.	Hugh Daniel	engineer
occupation	Kai Londo (1845-1896) was a Kissi warrior from Sierra Leone who conquered a large territory (now Kailahun District).	Kai Londo	warrior
occupation	Tim Despic (born November 22, 1978) is a Canadian born London based British composer.	Tim Despic	composer
occupation	Felix Bressart (March 2, 1892 -- March 17, 1949) was a German-American actor of stage and screen.	Felix Bressart	actor
occupation	Allan Dell is a South African born rugby union player, currently playing with the Edinburgh.	Allan Dell	rugby union player
occupation	M. P. Subramaniam was an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu, who joined the Congress along with the late E.V.K. Sampath in the 1960s, was a member of the Tamil Nadu Assembly representing Attur constituency in Salem district for two terms.	M. P. Subramaniam	politician
occupation	Henry Augustin Beers (1847-1926) was an author, literary historian, poet, and professor at Yale University.	Henry Augustin Beers	literary historian
occupation	Denis Mondor is a judge and former high-profile lawyer in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Denis Mondor	lawyer
occupation	Deborah Harkness (born 1965) is an American scholar, novelist and wine enthusiast, best known as a historian and the author of the ``All Souls'' Trilogy which begins with The New York Times best selling novel A Discovery of Witches and includes its sequels Shadow of Night and The Book of Life.	Deborah Harkness	novelist	historian
occupation	Alfredo Akio Tamashiro Noborikawa is a Japanese Peruvian karateka.	Akio Tamashiro	karateka
occupation	Nate Creekmore (born October 14, 1982, in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American cartoonist.	Nate Creekmore	cartoonist
occupation	Herbert Newton Casson (September 23, 1869 -- September 4, 1951) was a Canadian journalist and author who wrote primarily about technology and business.	Herbert Newton Casson	journalist
occupation	Mikołaj Wisznicki (1870--1954) was a Polish painter, military officer and one of the founders of Polish Sightseeing Society (Polskie Towarzystwo Krajoznawcze).	Mikołaj Wisznicki	painter
occupation	Edward Henry Potthast (June 10, 1857 -- March 9, 1927) was an American Impressionist painter.	Edward Henry Potthast	painter
occupation	William Linn Westermann (September 15, 1873 -- October 4, 1954) was an American historian and papyrologist who served as the president of the American Historical Association in 1944.	William Linn Westermann	historian
occupation	Regina Zernay Roberts is an American instrumentalist, singer, and songwriter.	Regina Zernay Roberts	singer	songwriter
occupation	Rai Bahadur A. Sabhapathy Mudaliar was a Philanthropist and politician from Bellary, India.	A. Sabhapathy Mudaliar	politician
occupation	Mary French Sheldon (1847--1936), as author May French Sheldon, was an American publisher, author and explorer.	May French Sheldon	explorer
occupation	John Dryden Kuser (September 24, 1897 -- March 3, 1964) was a New Jersey politician and a member of an influential New Jersey family.	John Dryden Kuser	politician
occupation	Nicholas Vachel Lindsay (/ˈveɪtʃəl ˈlɪnzi/; November 10, 1879 -- December 5, 1931) was an American poet.	Vachel Lindsay	poet
occupation	Eduardo Falú (July 7, 1923 -- August 9, 2013) was a well-known Argentine folk music guitarist and composer.	Eduardo Falú	composer
occupation	Ramblin' Tommy Scott (June 24, 1917 -- September 30, 2013), aka ``Doc'' Tommy Scott, was an American country and rockabilly musician.	Ramblin' Tommy Scott	musician
occupation	Manfred Kridl (1882--1957) was a Polish historian of literature.	Manfred Kridl	historian
occupation	Ottmar Liebert (born February 1, 1959) is a German guitarist, songwriter, and producer best known for his Spanish-influenced easy listening music.	Ottmar Liebert	guitarist
occupation	Jay Lozada is a Puerto-Rican American singer and brother of Vico C. In 2001 released his self-titled debut album and was nominated the following year for a Lo Nuestro Award for Tropical New Artist of the Year.	Jay Lozada	singer
occupation	Upendranath Biswas (Bengali: উপেন্দ্রনাথ বিশ্বাস) or Upen Biswas or simply U. N. Biswas is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Backward Class Welfare in the Government of West Bengal.	U. N. Biswas	politician
occupation	James Alexander Marshall (September 16, 1888 -- June 30, 1977) was a secretary, teacher and a Canadian federal politician.	James Alexander Marshall	politician
occupation	Daniel J. Carroll (November 29, 1874, in Brooklyn, New York -- March 6, 1927, in Brooklyn, New York) was an American businessman and politician from New York.	Daniel J. Carroll	politician
occupation	Trevor Gleeson is an Australian professional basketball coach.	Trevor Gleeson	basketball coach
occupation	Victor Conrad was an Austrian-American physicist, seismologist and meteorologist.	Victor Conrad	physicist	seismologist	meteorologist
occupation	Bonaventura Ibáñez (February 18, 1876 -- May 1, 1932) was a Spanish film actor of the silent and early sound eras.	Bonaventura Ibáñez	actor
occupation	Julia Easterlin is an American singer/songwriter born in Georgia.	Julia Easterlin	singer
occupation	Willem Jacob van Stockum (November 20, 1910 -- June 10, 1944) was a mathematician who made an important contribution to the early development of general relativity.	Willem Jacob van Stockum	mathematician
occupation	Rosemary Winslow is an American poet, and academic.	Rosemary Winslow	poet
occupation	Gloria Gould (1906 -- August 16, 1943) was the socialite daughter of industrialist heir, George Jay Gould I.	Gloria Gould	socialite
occupation	Robert L. Selman (born May 7, 1942) is an American-born educational psychologist and perspective-taking theorist.	Robert L. Selman	psychologist
occupation	Diosdado Posadas (December 25, 1906 - July 2, 1990), better known as Speedy Dado, was a Filipino boxer.	Speedy Dado	boxer
occupation	Henry Dudley Wysong, Jr. (May 15, 1939 -- March 29, 1998) was an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1960s.	Dudley Wysong	golfer
occupation	Judah ben Jehiel Rofe, (c. 1420 to 1425 -- c. 1498), more usually called Judah Messer Leon, was an Italian rabbi, teacher, physician, and philosopher.	Judah Messer Leon	rabbi	philosopher
occupation	Yuken Teruya (jp.照屋 勇賢 Teruya Yūken, born 1973) is an artist based in New York City.	Yuken Teruya	artist
occupation	Taiwan Brown (born March 15, 1987) is an American actor, host, and former mtvU video jockey.	Taiwan Brown	actor
occupation	Gary Drzewiecki (born October 29, 1954) is an American businessman, tree farmer and former politician.	Gary Drzewiecki	politician
occupation	Vincent Joseph Dunker (December 6, 1878 -- March 11, 1974) was a photographer, inventor and camera manufacturer who began his career in Ste. Genevieve, Missouri in the late 1890s.	Vincent Joseph Dunker	photographer
occupation	Menahem Ben (Hebrew: מנחם בן‎; born October 31, 1948) is an Israeli poet and journalist and an outspoken literary and culture critic.	Menahem Ben	journalist
occupation	Panagiotis Adraktas (Greek: Παναγιώτης Αδράκτας, born September 28, 1948) is a Greek politician.	Panagiotis Adraktas	politician
occupation	Bronwyn Halfpenny (born 30 July 1963) is an Australian politician, and has been the member for Thomastown in the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 2010.	Bronwyn Halfpenny	politician
occupation	Zahra Universe is an American pop singer, pianist, composer/song-writer, producer, actress, and humanitarian.	Zahra Universe	singer
occupation	Helen Timmons Henderson (May 23, 1877 -- July 12, 1925) was a schoolteacher and politician from Virginia.	Helen Timmons Henderson	politician
occupation	Imtiaz Mahmood is an Asian Games gold medal winning boxer from Pakistan.	Imtiaz Mahmood	boxer
occupation	Glenn Ikonen (born April 29, 1955) is a Swedish Paralympic wheelchair curler.	Glenn Ikonen	curler
occupation	Dehl Berti (January 17, 1921 - November 26, 1991) was a Chiricahua Apache actor who often played Native Americans.	Dehl Berti	actor
occupation	Alexei Lubimov (born 1944 as Алексе́й Бори́сович Люби́мов, Alexey Borisovich Lyubimov) is a Russian pianist, fortepianist and harpsichordist.	Alexei Lubimov	pianist
occupation	Anson Burlingame (November 14, 1820 -- February 23, 1870) was an American lawyer, legislator, and diplomat.	Anson Burlingame	diplomat
occupation	Bartolome Alberto Mott, commonly known by the stage name Tom Rodriguez, is a Filipino-American actor.	Tom Rodriguez	actor
occupation	Joe Fryer is an American journalist and storyteller working for NBC News as a west coast correspondent based at the NBC News West Coast Bureau in Universal City, California.	Joe Fryer	journalist
occupation	Emma Talley (born March 24, 1994) is an American amateur golfer currently playing at the University of Alabama, and is entering her sophomore year in 2013-14.	Emma Talley	golfer
occupation	Milton Moses Ginsberg is a film director and editor most famous for writing and directing Coming Apart, a 1969 film starring Rip Torn and Sally Kirkland, and The Werewolf of Washington starring Dean Stockwell.	Milton Moses Ginsberg	film director
occupation	Ambra Vallo is an Italian classical ballet dancer.	Ambra Vallo	ballet dancer
occupation	The Painter at Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt focussed primarily on the artist's development as a painter, while in the show Jeff Koons.	Jeff Koons	painter
occupation	Jole Richard Hughes, better known by his stage name S3RL (pronounced Serl), is an Australian UK hardcore DJ, record producer and musician from Brisbane.	S3RL	producer
occupation	Ann Duquesnay is an American musical theatre singer/actress, composer and lyricist best known for Bring in 'Da Noise, Bring in 'Da Funk, which earned her a Tony Award and Grammy Award nomination.	Ann Duquesnay	singer	composer
occupation	Doug Sheldon (born Bernard Bobroff, 1926, Stepney, London) is a former English pop singer, actor, and novelist.	Doug Sheldon	actor
occupation	Cathleen Cochran Herasimchuk, known as Cathy Cochran (born November 11, 1944), is a departing judge of the nine-member Texas Court of Criminal Appeals.	Cathy Cochran	judge
occupation	Kiino Villand, born to Estonian emigre family in the United States, is a Los Angeles-based DJ and commercial photographer best known for his photographs of personalities from the worlds of film, music, art and culture.	Kiino Villand	photographer
occupation	Nina Leen (died January 1, 1995) was a Russian-born American photographer, a constant contributor to Life.	Nina Leen	photographer
occupation	Tadashi Kodaira (Japanese: 小平忠) (August 1, 1915 - December 3, 2000) was a Japanese politician.	Tadashi Kodaira	politician
occupation	Madan Deodhar is a child actor prominently featuring in Marathi films.	Madan Deodhar	actor
occupation	Chauncey Addison Day, better known as Chon Day, (April 6, 1907 -- 2000) was an American cartoonist whose cartoons appeared in The New Yorker and other magazines.	Chon Day	cartoonist
occupation	Nitzan Chen (born October 4, 1963) is an Israeli journalist, author, and news manager.	Nitzan Chen	journalist
occupation	Vladimir Nazlymov (born November 1, 1945) (Russian: Владимир Аливерович Назлымов) (Daghestan, USSR) - Sabre fencer and coach for USSR and later United States.	Vladimir Nazlymov	fencer
occupation	Jaime Augusto Richards III (born August 28, 1973) commonly known as J. August Richards is an American actor.	J. August Richards	actor
occupation	Veronica Clarke is a former Canadian figure skater who competed in single skating, pair skating, and fours.	Veronica Clarke	figure skater
occupation	Akkan Suver (born August 18, 1942 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish journalist, and a former politician of the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP).	Akkan Suver	journalist
occupation	Milcha Sanchez-Scott (born 1953) is an American playwright of Indonesian, Chinese, Dutch, and Colombian heritage.	Milcha Sanchez-Scott	playwright
occupation	Marco Calliari is a singer-songwriter born in Quebec from Italian parents.	Marco Calliari	singer-songwriter
occupation	Zhang Peimeng (Chinese: 張培萌; born March 13, 1987) is a Chinese track and field sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres.	Zhang Peimeng	sprinter
occupation	Charuhasan (born 5 January 1931) is an Indian film and television actor, director and retired lawyer who has acted in Tamil, Kannada, Telugu, Malayalam and Hindi films.	Charuhasan	actor
occupation	Xie Na (simplified Chinese: 谢娜; traditional Chinese: 謝娜; pinyin: Xiè Nà) (born May 6, 1981), also known as ``Nana,'' is a Chinese host, singer and actress.	Xie Na	singer
occupation	Maher Charif (Arabic: ماهر الشريف, transliterated Mahir ash-Sharif) is a Palestinian Marxist historian specialising in modern Arab intellectual history and the history of Arab political movements.	Maher Charif	historian
occupation	Peter Tomsen (born November 19, 1940), is a retired American diplomat and educator, serving as United States Special Envoy to Afghanistan from 1989 to 1992, and United States Ambassador to Armenia between 1995 and 1998.	Peter Tomsen	diplomat
occupation	Dalila Puzzovio (born 1945, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine conceptual artist and fashion designer.	Dalila Puzzovio	fashion designer
occupation	Matty Amendola is an American musician best known for his founding of 825 Records.	Matty Amendola	musician
occupation	Mandy Harvey (born January 2, 1988) is a deaf American jazz singer and songwriter.	Mandy Harvey	singer
occupation	Viraf Patel (born Viraf Phiroz Patel on 12 June 1980) is a model and television actor.	Viraf Patel	actor
occupation	Reda Helal is an Egyptian journalist.	Reda Helal	journalist
occupation	Bona Dussault (May 29, 1882 -- April 29, 1953) was a former Quebec provincial politician and Cabinet Minister.	Bona Dussault	politician
occupation	Richard Bauman is a folklorist and anthropologist, now retired from Indiana University Bloomington.	Richard Bauman	anthropologist
occupation	Rosalind Fox Solomon is a photographer that works on self assigned projects.	Rosalind Fox Solomon	photographer
occupation	Clyde A. Hutchison III is an American biochemist and microbiologist notable for his research in site-directed mutagenesis and synthetic biology.	Clyde A. Hutchison III	biochemist	microbiologist
occupation	Amanda Parr is an English television journalist and reporter.	Amanda Parr	journalist
occupation	Mary Ellen Weber (born in 1962) is an American executive, scientist, aviator, speaker, and a former NASA astronaut.	Mary Ellen Weber	scientist	astronaut
occupation	Ranko Radović (August 18, 1935 -- February 16, 2005) was an architect, professor and theoretician of architecture.	Ranko Radović	architect
occupation	Gunārs Astra (1931--1988) was a Latvian human rights activist and anti-soviet dissident arrested by the Soviet Union in 1961 and sentenced to prison for 15 years.	Gunārs Astra	human rights activist
occupation	Kim Yun-jae (Hangul: 김윤재; born May 14, 1990) is a South Korean short track speed skater.	Kim Yun-jae	short track speed skater
occupation	Sally Katzen (born November 22, 1942) is an American lawyer, legal scholar, and government official.	Sally Katzen	lawyer
occupation	P. F. Sloan (born Philip Gary Schlein; September 18, 1945 -- November 15, 2015) was an American pop-rock singer and songwriter.	P. F. Sloan	singer and songwriter
occupation	David Arch is a British musician, composer, arranger and musical director.	David Arch	composer
occupation	Siamak Ghahremani (born January 7, 1974) is an Iranian American cultural event producer and radio host.	Siamak Ghahremani	radio host
occupation	Richard Marriott (born 1951) is an American avant-garde composer and performer.	Richard Marriott	composer
occupation	Jean-Marie Pelletier (born June 26, 1933 in La Pocatière, Quebec) is a former Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Kamouraska from 1970 to 1973, and Kamouraska-Témiscouata from 1973 to 1976, in the National Assembly of Quebec.	Jean-Marie Pelletier	politician
occupation	Aleksandar Burmov is Bulgarian historian.	Aleksandar Burmov	historian
occupation	Larry Dane Brimner (born November 5, 1949) is an American teacher, presenter, and writer of more than 150 children's books.	Larry Dane Brimner	writer
occupation	Andrew Samson is the current (2016) statistician for the BBC's Test Match Special.	Andrew Samson	statistician
occupation	Gene Scheer (born April 28, 1958, New York City) is an American songwriter, librettist and lyricist.	Gene Scheer	librettist
occupation	Rob Piercy is an artist and painter (born 1946).	Rob Piercy	artist
occupation	Glenn Brenner (January 2, 1948 -- January 14, 1992) was a broadcast journalist and sports commentator in Washington, D.C., in the United States from 1977 to 1991.	Glenn Brenner	sports commentator
occupation	John A. D'Arco, Jr. (born October 19, 1944) was an American lawyer and attorney.	John A. D'Arco, Jr.	lawyer
occupation	KUK Herath (full name and details unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer.	KUK Herath	cricketer
occupation	Fiammetta Wilson (July 19, 1864 -- July 21, 1920) was a British astronomer elected a fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1916.	Fiammetta Wilson	astronomer
occupation	Ralph Penza (November 22, 1932 -- February 16, 2007) was a senior correspondent and substitute anchor for WNBC in New York City.	Ralph Penza	correspondent
occupation	Amarro Fiamberti was an Italian psychiatrist who first performed a transorbital lobotomy (by accessing the frontal lobe of the brain through the orbits) in 1937.	Amarro Fiamberti	psychiatrist
occupation	Alexander Aetolus (Ancient Greek: Ἀλέξανδρος ὁ Αἰτωλός) was a Greek poet and grammarian, the only known representative of Aetolian poetry.	Alexander Aetolus	poet
occupation	Adèle Anderson (born 14 June 1952) is an English Olivier Award-nominated singer and actress, best known as one third of the cabaret group Fascinating Aïda.	Adèle Anderson	singer
occupation	Anthony Fenton is a Canadian independent print and radio journalist and writer.	Anthony Fenton	journalist
occupation	Jim Wooldridge is a former American college basketball coach and the current athletic director at the University of California, Riverside.	Jim Wooldridge	basketball coach
occupation	Lynne Talley (born May 18, 1954 in Schenectady, New York) is an American physical oceanographer.	Lynne Talley	oceanographer
occupation	Richard LeParmentier (July 16, 1946 -- April 15, 2013) was an American actor who worked primarily and lived in England, best known for his role as Admiral Motti in Star Wars Episode IV:	Richard LeParmentier	actor
occupation	Sidney Dillon Ripley II (September 20, 1913 -- March 12, 2001) was an American ornithologist and wildlife conservationist.	Sidney Dillon Ripley	ornithologist
occupation	Anna Lee Aldred (April 19, 1921 -- June 12, 2006) was the first woman in the United States to receive a jockey's license.	Anna Lee Aldred	jockey
occupation	Masayoshi Motegi (茂木正淑) is a Japanese professional wrestler.	Masayoshi Motegi	professional wrestler
occupation	Cathy Pill is a Belgian fashion designer, formerly Creator and Director of Cathy Pill label, and presently co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of MuseStyle.	Cathy Pill	fashion designer
occupation	Ana Sršen (born in Dubrovnik, December 24, 1973) is a former Croatian paralympic swimmer who competed at four Paralympic Games between 1996 and 2008.	Ana Sršen	swimmer
occupation	Derek Blanks (born November 5, 1977) is an American photographer, illustrator, director and producer.	Derek Blanks	photographer
occupation	Dadi Denis (born August 13, 1976) is a retired Haitian sprinter, who specialized in the 400 metres.	Dadi Denis	sprinter
occupation	Susan Molinari (born March 27, 1958) is a politician, journalist, and lobbyist from New York.	Susan Molinari	politician
occupation	Charles Waldron (December 24, 1874 -- March 4, 1946) was an American stage and film actor, sometimes credited as Charles Waldron Sr., Chas.	Charles Waldron	actor
occupation	Richard A. Andersen, (born October 27, 1950) is an American neuroscientist.	Richard A. Andersen	neuroscientist
occupation	Anita Gradin (born 12 August 1933) is a Swedish politician politician and former Ambassador.	Anita Gradin	politician politician
occupation	Daniel Joseph Greene (1850 -- December 12, 1911) was a Newfoundland politician who briefly served as the colony's Premier.	Daniel Joseph Greene	politician
occupation	Narendra Bedi was the son of famous Urdu writer and screenwriter Rajinder Singh Bedi.	Narendra Bedi	screenwriter
occupation	Bill Tush (born 1948) is an American news journalist and humorist.	Bill Tush	journalist
occupation	David Köler, also Koler, Colerus (c.1532 --1565) was a German composer.	David Köler	composer
occupation	Werner Camichel (January 26, 1945 - March 27, 2006 in Samaden) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the 1970s.	Werner Camichel	bobsledder
occupation	Ambrose Mutinhiri is a Zimbabwean politician, currently serving as the Minister of Youth Development and Employment Creation.	Ambrose Mutinhiri	politician
occupation	Lorenzo A. Babcock (1837--1864) was an American politician and the first attorney general of Minnesota Territory 1849-1853.	Lorenzo A. Babcock	politician
occupation	Eric Maisel (born in 1947) is an American psychotherapist, teacher, coach, author and atheist.	Eric Maisel	teacher	author
occupation	Frederick Simon Treves, known as Simon Treves, is an English actor, director and writer probably best known for playing Harold 'Stinker' Pinker in three series of ITV's Jeeves and Wooster.	Simon Treves	actor	writer
occupation	Raman Mahadevan is an Indian playback singer, known for his Bollywood songs.	Raman Mahadevan	singer
occupation	Lizzie Douglas (June 3, 1897 -- August 6, 1973), known as Memphis Minnie, was a blues guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter whose recording career lasted from the 1920s to the 1950s.	Memphis Minnie	guitarist
occupation	Jill Stanek (born 1956) is an American pro-life activist and nurse from Illinois best known for saying ``live birth abortions'' were being performed at Christ Hospital in the Chicago suburb of Oak Lawn and the premature infants were being left to die in a utility room.	Jill Stanek	nurse
occupation	In 2012 Serbian writer Katarina Brajović published a novel about Božidar Vuković titled 'A Printer and Veronika' (Serbian: Штампар и Вероника, чудесна повест Божидара Вуковића Подгоричанина).	Božidar Vuković	writer
occupation	Travis Rice (born October 9, 1982) is an American professional snowboarder.	Travis Rice	snowboarder
occupation	Rudolph Schoenheimer (May 10, 1898 -- September 11, 1941) was a German/ U.S. biochemist who developed the technique of isotope tagging of biomolecules, enabling detailed study of metabolism.	Rudolph Schoenheimer	biochemist
occupation	Matt Brooker, whose work most often appears under the pseudonym D'Israeli (sometimes D'Israeli D'Emon D'Raughtsman), is a British comic artist, colorist, writer and letterer.	D'Israeli	writer
occupation	Kazimir Strzepek is a cartoonist living in Seattle Washington.	Kazimir Strzepek	cartoonist
occupation	Rabbi Moshe Heinemann is an Orthodox rabbi and Posek who heads the Agudath Israel of Baltimore synagogue and is the rabbinical supervisor of the Star K kashrus certification agency.	Moshe Heinemann	rabbi
occupation	Georgia Manoli (Greek: Γεωργία Μανώλη; born April 23, 1983) is a Greek former swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Georgia Manoli	swimmer
occupation	Deborah Cooper is an American professional dance, music, singer, award winning composer and entertainer, with several number one and top charting dance music and house music hits.	Deborah Cooper	composer
occupation	J. Anthony Hall FREng is a leading British software engineer specializing in the use of formal methods, especially the Z notation.	J. Anthony Hall	engineer
occupation	Timothy Hollingsworth (born, January 30, 1980) is an American chef and former Chef de Cuisine at Thomas Keller's restaurant French Laundry in the Napa Valley.	Timothy Hollingsworth	chef
occupation	Mike Libby is a contemporary American artist who created the Insect Lab in 1999.	Mike Libby	artist
occupation	Maud Powell (August 22, 1867 -- January 8, 1920) was an American violinist who gained international acclaim for her skill and virtuosity.	Maud Powell	violinist
occupation	Baiōken Eishun (Japanese: 梅翁軒永春; active c. 1710--1755) was a Japanese painter and print artist of the Kaigetsudō school of ukiyo-e art. He is also alternatively known as Hasegawa Eishun 長谷川永春, Baiōken Nagaharu, Takeda Harunobu and a number of other art-names.	Baiōken Eishun	painter
occupation	Oleksii Fedyna is a visually impaired Paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing in S13 events.	Oleksii Fedyna	swimmer
occupation	Arnaut Plagues or Plages (fl. c. 1230--1245) was a troubadour probably from Provence.	Arnaut Plagues	troubadour
occupation	Ignaz Friedman (also spelled Ignace or Ignacy; full name Solomon (Salomon) Isaac Freudman(n), Yiddish: שְׁלֹמֹה יִצְחָק פֿרײדמאַן‎; February 13, 1882 -- January 26, 1948) was a Polish pianist and composer.	Ignaz Friedman	pianist	composer
occupation	Tamar Iveri is a Georgian opera singer.	Tamar Iveri	opera singer
occupation	Roderick Taylor, also known as Rod Taylor or Roderick Falconer, is an American poet, recording artist, screenwriter, television producer and television director.	Roderick Taylor	poet	screenwriter	television producer	television director
occupation	Denis Sanders (January 21, 1929 -- December 10, 1987) was an American film director, screenwriter and producer who directed the debut performances of Robert Redford, George Hamilton, Sydney Pollack and Tom Skerritt in the 1962 film War Hunt.	Denis Sanders	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Sayyed As'ad Madani (April 27, 1928 AD-February 6, 2006 AD) (Urdu: سید اسعد مدنے ) was an Indian Deobandi Islamic scholar and politician.	As'ad Madani	politician
occupation	Ellis Ward (September 13, 1846 -- July 25, 1922) was an American rower and coach best known for his time as the coach of the University of Pennsylvania rowing team.	Ellis Ward	rower
occupation	Zsolt Láng (born April 4, 1973) is a Hungarian politician and member of the National Assembly (MP) between 2010 and 2014.	Zsolt Láng	politician
occupation	Thomas Clayton Davis (September 6, 1889 -- January 21, 1960) was a lawyer, judge, diplomat and political figure in Saskatchewan.	Thomas Clayton Davis	judge	diplomat
occupation	Chantal Soucy is a Canadian politician in Quebec, who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2014 election.	Chantal Soucy	politician
occupation	Oscar Torre is an actor and film director.	Oscar Torre	film director
occupation	Wilhelm Cauer (June 24, 1900 -- April 22, 1945) was a German mathematician and scientist.	Wilhelm Cauer	mathematician
occupation	K. Palanisamy is an Indian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu from Edapadi constituency.	K. Palanisamy	politician
occupation	Matthew Huang (born March 26, 1984 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian competitive swimmer.	Matthew Huang	swimmer
occupation	Joyce Cavalccante is a journalist and author of seven novels, plus several short stories and articles that today appear in eight anthologies.	Joyce Cavalccante	journalist
occupation	Schuster Vance (September 21, 1960 -- December 12, 2007) was an American television and film actor.	Schuster Vance	actor
occupation	Hugh Chamberlen the elder (c.1632 -- after 1720) was an English royal physician, obstetrician and writer on finance.	Hugh Chamberlen	physician	writer
occupation	Leonid Molodoshanin, known as Leo Mol, OC OM (January 15, 1915 -- July 4, 2009) was a Ukrainian Canadian stained glass artist and sculptor.	Leo Mol	sculptor
occupation	Fibriani Ratna Marita (born February 24, 1994 in Malang) is an Indonesian swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events.	Fibriani Ratna Marita	swimmer
occupation	Graeme Morton is an Australian composer and conductor, currently directing the St Peters Chorale and Brisbane Chamber Choir.	Graeme Morton	composer
occupation	Oladejo Victor Akinlonu (born November 5, 1963-) (also known as Dejak or Dejak Artistique) is a Nigerian born artist, sculptor, philosopher and art marketer.	Oladejo Victor Akinlonu	artist	philosopher
occupation	David Twohill is a musician formerly with Australian band Mental As Anything who is also known by the pseudonym Wayne DeLisle or as Bird.	David Twohill	musician
occupation	Léon Mercier Gouin (December 24, 1891 -- October 16, 1983) was a French Canadian author, barrister, professor, and politician.	Léon Mercier Gouin	politician
occupation	Daniel Gottlieb Messerschmidt (Russian: Да́ниэль Го́тлиб Ме́ссершмидт) (September 16, 1685 -- March 25, 1735) was a German physician, naturalist and geographer.	Daniel Gottlieb Messerschmidt	geographer
occupation	Sara Dahlgren is a Swedish singer, actress and musical artist.	Sara Dahlgren	singer
occupation	Branka Prpa, (born 1953 in Split, PR Croatia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a historian, author, and former director of Belgrade's Historical Archives (Istorijski arhiv Beograda).	Branka Prpa	historian
occupation	David T. Little (born October 25, 1978) is an American composer and drummer known for his orchestral and operatic works, most notably his opera Dog Days which was named a standout opera of recent decades by The New York Times.	David T. Little	composer
occupation	John William Cummings (October 8, 1948 -- September 15, 2004), better known by his stage name Johnny Ramone, was an American guitarist and songwriter, best known for being the guitarist for the punk rock band the Ramones.	Johnny Ramone	guitarist
occupation	Teodor Cojocaru (May 3, 1879 in Bubuieci -- January 23, 1941 in Chișinău) was a Romanian military and politician.	Teodor Cojocaru	politician
occupation	Vijayashanti is an Indian film actress and a politician from the state of Andhra Pradesh .	Vijayashanti	politician
occupation	Justin Lin (traditional Chinese: 林詣彬; simplified Chinese: 林诣彬; pinyin: Lín Yìbīn) is a Taiwanese American film director whose films have grossed $2 billion worldwide.	Justin Lin	film director
occupation	Arjun Makhijani is an electrical and nuclear engineer who is President of the Institute for Energy and Environmental Research.	Arjun Makhijani	engineer
occupation	Yuvraj Walmiki (born 29 November 1989) is an Indian professional field hockey player from Maharashtra.	Yuvraj Walmiki	field hockey player
occupation	Zack Esposito (born September 9, 1983) is an American amateur wrestler.	Zack Esposito	amateur wrestler
occupation	Charles T. Murr (born August 15, 1950) (also Charles Theodore Murr-Létourneau) is a Catholic priest, author, linguist, and founder of an Orphanage in Tepatitlan, Jalisco, Mexico.	Charles T. Murr	linguist
occupation	David Huck is an English drug trafficker who, from his 4-acre (16,000 m2) County Clare estate (Ireland), headed successful European-North African drug running operations during the 1980s and 90s that are worth an estimated £30-40 million.	David Huck	drug trafficker
occupation	Jeff Lorber (born November 4, 1952) is an American keyboardist, composer, and record producer.	Jeff Lorber	keyboardist	composer	record producer
occupation	Rémy Zaugg (January 11, 1943 -- August 23, 2005) was a Swiss painter, primarily known as a conceptual artist.	Rémy Zaugg	painter
occupation	A. Thangarasu was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.	A. Thangarasu	politician
occupation	Like his father, Daniel Wildenstein established a reputation as a scholar and art historian.	Daniel Wildenstein	art historian
occupation	Christopher Mabee (born on August 26, 1985 in Tillsonburg, Ontario) is a Canadian retired competitive figure skater.	Christopher Mabee	figure skater
occupation	Montford McGehee (December 4, 1822 -- March 31, 1895) was a North Carolina politician and farmer who served in the North Carolina General Assembly, and as the second North Carolina Commissioner of Agriculture.	Montford McGehee	politician
occupation	Lillian Herlein (March 11, 1895 -- April 13, 1971) was an actress and singer in theater and vaudeville in the early 20th century Herlein was in The Rose of Algeria produced by the Herald Square Theatre in New York City in September 1909.	Lillian Herlein	singer
occupation	Donald Osmund Oslear, known as Don Oslear, is a retired test match cricket umpire from England.	Don Oslear	cricket umpire
occupation	Mitch Traphagen (born November 22, 1962) is an American journalist and the producer of a video documentary.	Mitch Traphagen	journalist
occupation	Waldemir Moka (born October 10, 1951) is a Brazilian politician and doctor.	Waldemir Moka	politician
occupation	Roger Duffy is an American architect, known for rigorous and unconventional approach to design.	Roger Duffy	architect
occupation	Dominic Jeeva was for a period of time forgotten as a writer.	Dominic Jeeva	writer
occupation	Sheema Mukherjee is a British composer and sitar player.	Sheema Mukherjee	composer
occupation	Roger Grimsby (September 23, 1928 -- June 23, 1995) was an American journalist, television news anchor and actor.	Roger Grimsby	journalist
occupation	John Snee is a former film and television actor from the United States.	John Snee	actor
occupation	Lee Shaw (June 25, 1926 -- October 25, 2015), nicknamed the ``First Lady of Jazz'', was an American jazz pianist and composer.	Lee Shaw	pianist
occupation	Alberto Fortis (1741--1803), was a Venetian writer, naturalist and cartographer.	Alberto Fortis	writer	naturalist	cartographer
occupation	Arthur Pierce Butler was a teacher and educational administrator.	Arthur Pierce Butler	teacher
occupation	Albion Smith is a California jeweller and silversmith known for ornate functional items, including a piece in the Smithsonian Institution.	Albion Smith	silversmith
occupation	Deio ab Ieuan Du (fl. 1460-1480) was a Welsh language poet from Ceredigion, west Wales.	Deio ab Ieuan Du	poet
occupation	Harry Glicken (March 7, 1958 -- June 3, 1991) was an American volcanologist.	Harry Glicken	volcanologist
occupation	Ivan Nikitich Nikitin (Russian: Иван Никитич Никитин c. 1690--1741) was a Russian painter, an author of portraits and battle paintings.	Ivan Nikitich Nikitin	painter
occupation	Phill Feltham is a Canadian journalist who works full-time as Editor-in-Chief for Electricity Today Magazine and Electrical Source Magazine.	Phill Feltham	journalist
occupation	Julien Nicolardot (born December 13, 1981 in Dijon, Côte-d'Or) is a French swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events.	Julien Nicolardot	swimmer
occupation	Shlomo Aronson (born November 27, 1936) (Hebrew: שלמה אהרונסון) is an Israeli landscape architect.	Shlomo Aronson	landscape architect
occupation	Georgi Karakhanyan is an Armenian professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division of Bellator MMA.	Georgi Karakhanyan	mixed martial artist
occupation	Pedro Cuni-Bravo is a Spanish artist settled in New York, specializing in murals, portraits and encaustic and oil paintings.	Pedro Cuni-Bravo	artist
occupation	Jean-Pierre Ouellet (born August 21, 1946 in Saint-Éleuthère, Kamouraska County, Quebec) is a Canadian politician in the province of New Brunswick.	Jean-Pierre Ouellet	politician
occupation	Annie Gosfield (born September 11, 1960 in Philadelphia) is a composer based in New York who works on the boundaries between notated and improvised music, electronic and acoustic sounds, refined timbres and noise.	Annie Gosfield	composer
occupation	John Williamson Nevin (February 20, 1803 -- June 6, 1886), was an American theologian and educationalist.	John Williamson Nevin	theologian
occupation	Sacha Pfeiffer (born September 7, 1971) is an American journalist and radio host.	Sacha Pfeiffer	journalist
occupation	Nicolas Bachelier (1485--1557) was a French surveyor, architect, and mason.	Nicolas Bachelier	architect
occupation	Jens Risom (/dʒɛns ˈriːˌsʌm/ jens REE-sum; born 8 May 1916) is a Danish American furniture designer.	Jens Risom	designer
occupation	Jonathan Waxman is an American chef who was one of the pioneers of California cuisine and is credited with being the first to bring its style, fusing French cooking techniques with the freshest local ingredients, to New York.	Jonathan Waxman	chef
occupation	Frank Stewart (June 9, 1935 -- August 3, 2013) was an American professional wrestler and wrestling promoter, best known for his time spent competing in Pacific Northwest Wrestling under the ring name Dutch Savage.	Dutch Savage	professional wrestler
occupation	James Talley (born November 9, 1944) is an American country blues and electric blues singer-songwriter.	James Talley	singer-songwriter
occupation	Mark Andrew Capes is a British diplomat who is currently serving as the Governor of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.	Mark Andrew Capes	diplomat
occupation	Pontus Renholm (born March 16, 1986) is a Swedish backstroke swimmer representing Stockholmspolisens IF.	Pontus Renholm	swimmer
occupation	Luis Agote (September 22, 1868 -- November 12, 1954) was an Argentine physician and researcher.	Luis Agote	physician
occupation	Sylvia Richardson is a French Bayesian statistician.	Sylvia Richardson	statistician
occupation	Iselin Michelsen, also known as ``Paradise'' Iselin, is a Norwegian glamour model and singer.	Iselin Michelsen	model	singer
occupation	Merline Johnson (born c. 1912, date of death unknown) was an African-American blues singer in the 1930s and 1940s, billed as ``The Yas Yas Girl''.	Merline Johnson	singer
occupation	B. R. Chaya (Kannada: ಬಿ. ಆರ್. ಛಾಯಾ) is an Indian playback singer, Stage performer and a popular Sugama Sangeetha singer from Karnataka state.	B. R. Chaya	singer
occupation	William Engesser (February 21, 1939 - June 20, 2002)1 was an American film actor, 7'3`` tall.	William Engesser	actor
occupation	George Felton (born December 28, 1952) is a former American college basketball coach.	George Felton	basketball coach
occupation	Ivan G'Vera (born Ivan Šplíchal; April 1, 1959) is a Czech actor, best known for his role as Ivan Marais on the American soap opera Days of Our Lives from 1992 to 2000, and 2011.	Ivan G'Vera	actor
occupation	Peter McCarthy is a film producer, director, screenwriter, and actor.	Peter McCarthy	screenwriter
occupation	Kenneth W. Noe is an American historian whose primary interests are the American Civil War, Appalachia and the American South.	Kenneth W. Noe	historian
occupation	Gerome Ragni (born Jerome Bernard Ragni; September 11, 1935 -- July 10, 1991) was an American actor, singer and songwriter, best known as the co-author of the groundbreaking 1960s musical Hair:	Gerome Ragni	actor
occupation	Martin Cummins (born November 28, 1969) is a Canadian actor known for his role as Ames White in Dark Angel (2001--2002).	Martin Cummins	actor
occupation	Abd al-Rahman al-Bazzaz (Arabic: عبد الرحمن البزاز; l913--1973) was a politician, reformist, and writer.	Abd al-Rahman al-Bazzaz	politician
occupation	Pietra Wexstun is an electronic musician and singer-songwriter from Los Angeles, California.	Pietra Wexstun	singer-songwriter
occupation	Flavius Cresconius Corippus was a late Roman epic poet of the 6th century, who flourished under East Roman Emperors Justinian I and Justin II. His major works are the epic poem Iohannis and the panegyric In laudem Iustini minoris.	Corippus	poet
occupation	Jeneba Tarmoh (born September 27, 1989) is an American track and field sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres.	Jeneba Tarmoh	sprinter
occupation	Tana Hoban (February 20, 1917 -- January 27, 2006) was an American photographer and creator of children's books including many picture books without any words.	Tana Hoban	photographer
occupation	Conamail mac Faílbi was the tenth abbot of Iona (704--707).	Conamail mac Faílbi	abbot
occupation	R. Edward Freeman (born December 18, 1951) is an American philosopher and professor of business administration at the Darden School of the University of Virginia, particularly known for his work on stakeholder theory (1984) and on business works.	R. Edward Freeman	philosopher
occupation	Muhammad Akbar Nasution (born 6 May 1983) is an Indonesian former swimmer, who specialised in breaststroke, but also competed in long-distance freestyle and individual medley.	Muhammad Akbar Nasution	swimmer
occupation	Archil Khabadze (Georgian: არჩილ ხაბაძე; born March 11, 1980) is a Georgian business executive and politician.	Archil Khabadze	politician
occupation	Les Hall is an American composer, producer, multi-instrumentalist, and songwriter from Columbia, South Carolina, best known for his involvement in Crossfade and 70 Volt Parade, Trey Anastasio's backup band after the demise of Phish.	Les Hall	composer
occupation	Pedram Hamrah is an ophthalmologist and immunologist.	Pedram Hamrah	ophthalmologist
occupation	Benjamin Chew (November 19, 1722 -- January 20, 1810) was a fifth-generation American, a Quaker-born legal scholar, a prominent and successful Philadelphia lawyer, head of the Pennsylvania Judiciary System under both Colony and Commonwealth, and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Province of Pennsylvania.	Benjamin Chew	lawyer
occupation	Lorenzo Allievi (November 18, 1856 -- October 30, 1941) was an Italian engineer known for being one of the first to explain the water hammer problem.	Lorenzo Allievi	engineer
occupation	Robert L. Shafer (born May 10, 1932) is an American lawyer, lobbyist, and diplomat.	Robert L. Shafer	lobbyist	diplomat
occupation	William Paul Petersen (born September 23, 1945) is an American actor, singer, novelist, and activist.	Paul Petersen	actor	singer	novelist
occupation	Randall Dunn is an American record producer, audio engineer, and musician.	Randall Dunn	audio engineer
occupation	Robert Walker Tayler, Sr. (November 9, 1812 -- February 25, 1878) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was a member of the Ohio Senate and was Ohio State Auditor 1860--1863.	Robert Walker Tayler, Sr.	politician
occupation	Alan Wenkus is an Academy Award nominated American screenwriter and a former VP of Programming for Premiere Radio Networks.	Alan Wenkus	screenwriter
occupation	Marina O'Loughlin is a British journalist, writer and restaurant critic.	Marina O'Loughlin	journalist
occupation	Arthur Claude Ruge (pronounced ROO-gee) (July 28, 1905 -- April 3, 2000) was an American mechanical engineer and inventor who developed and pioneered the modern bonded wire resistance strain gauge.	Arthur Claude Ruge	engineer
occupation	Irénée Vautrin was a Canadian politician from Quebec.	Irénée Vautrin	politician
occupation	Frank Milne is an Australian and Canadian economist and finance theorist.	Frank Milne	economist
occupation	Sumisha Naidu is Malaysia Correspondent for Channel NewsAsia and a former Australian Broadcasting Corporation and KiniTV journalist and presenter	Sumisha Naidu	journalist
occupation	Bainbridge Bunting (b. Kansas City, Missouri November 23, 1913, d. February 13, 1981) was an American architectural historian, teacher and author.	Bainbridge Bunting	teacher
occupation	George Spivey (born June 21, 1968), professionally known as DJ Scratch, is an American hip hop disc jockey (DJ) and record producer from Brooklyn, New York.	DJ Scratch	disc jockey
occupation	According to Action Comics Annual #11 (May 2008), Ron Troupe is the most highly educated reporter on staff at the Daily Planet, and has more awards than anyone else at the paper.	Ron Troupe	reporter
occupation	Fray Pedro Carrera y Lanchares (1760s - c.1815) was a Spanish Carmelite friar, organist and composer.	Pedro Carrera y Lanchares	composer
occupation	Rodrigo Mascarenhas (born March 24, 1980) in the Netherlands, is a Cape Verdean basketball player.	Rodrigo Mascarenhas	basketball player
occupation	Rogelio Julio Frigerio (November 2, 1914 -- September 13, 2006) was an Argentine economist, journalist and politician.	Rogelio Julio Frigerio	economist
occupation	Jessika Kenney is an experimental composer, vocalist, and teacher.	Jessika Kenney	composer
occupation	Dewi Havhesp (1831--1884) was a Welsh poet.	Dewi Havhesp	poet
occupation	Liao Cheng-hao (Chinese: 廖正豪; pinyin: Liào Zhèngháo) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Liao Cheng-hao	politician
occupation	Jack Laird (May 8, 1923 -- December 3, 1991) was an American television producer, writer, director and actor who received three Emmy nominations for writing and/or producing the TV series Ben Casey, Night Gallery and Kojak.	Jack Laird	television producer	writer	actor
occupation	Gustavo Silva Pizarro was a Chilean lawyer, political scientist and the sixth Mayor of the commune of Pichilemu, office which he held for nine years between May 1915 and May 1924.	Gustavo Silva Pizarro	lawyer
occupation	Oliver Feltham is an Australian philosopher and translator working in Paris, France.	Oliver Feltham	philosopher
occupation	John Lyon (born December 4, 1948), better known by his stage name Southside Johnny, is an American singer-songwriter, who usually fronts his band Southside Johnny & the Asbury Jukes.	Southside Johnny	singer
occupation	Franz-Josef Dickhut is a German amateur Go player.	Franz-Josef Dickhut	Go player
occupation	Étienne Léopold Trouvelot (December 26, 1827--April 22, 1895) was a French artist, astronomer and amateur entomologist.	Étienne Léopold Trouvelot	astronomer	entomologist
occupation	Sir Audley McKisack QC (1903--1966), was a British barrister and judge who ended a distinguished legal career as President of the High Court of the Federation of South Arabia and Judge in the Court of Appeal of the Bahamas and Bermuda.	Audley McKisack	judge
occupation	Salwa Bakr (born 1949) is an Egyptian critic, novelist and author.	Salwa Bakr	author
occupation	Stanisław Chomętowski (1673--1728) was a Polish politician, military commander and diplomat, notable as one of the most reliable supporters of Polish king August II the Strong.	Stanisław Chomętowski	diplomat
occupation	Vânia Bastos (born May 13, 1956) is a Brazilian singer, who began her professional life with the Vanguarda Paulista avant-garde movement in the early 1980s.	Vânia Bastos	singer
occupation	Mel Berns (born September 27, 1897) was an American make-up artist.	Mel Berns	make-up artist
occupation	John Cotton Smith (February 12, 1765 -- December 7, 1845) was a nineteenth-century lawyer, judge and politician from Connecticut.	John Cotton Smith	politician
occupation	Richard Harrison Smith is a noted choral conductor, arranger and composer.	Richard Harrison Smith	composer
occupation	St. Clair Pinckney (September 17, 1930 -- February 1, 1999) was a saxophonist who performed with James Brown as a member of the James Brown Orchestra and The J.B.'s.	St. Clair Pinckney	saxophonist
occupation	SoMo (born Joseph Anthony Somers-Morales; September 11, 1987) is an American singer and songwriter from Denison, Texas.	SoMo	singer and songwriter
occupation	Luis Antonio Ramos is a Puerto Rican-born American actor who has been on and starred in various film and television shows such as Martin, Early Edition, New York Undercover, In The House, Friends, The Shield, CSI, and CSI:	Luis Antonio Ramos	actor
occupation	Jules Siegel (October 21, 1935 -- November 17, 2012) was a writer and graphic designer whose work has appeared over the years in Playboy, Best American Short Stories, Library of America's Writing Los Angeles, and many other publications.	Jules Siegel	graphic designer
occupation	Dr. Alex Quaison-Sackey (August 9, 1924 -- December 21, 1992) was a Ghanaian diplomat who served during the first and third republics.	Alex Quaison-Sackey	diplomat
occupation	Severino Reyes (February 11, 1861 -- September 15, 1942) was a Filipino writer, playwright, and director of plays.	Severino Reyes	playwright
occupation	Gene Barge (born August 9, 1926) is an American tenor and alto saxophonist and composer in several bands.	Gene Barge	saxophonist
occupation	John Elof Boodin (November 14, 1869 -- November 14, 1950) was a Swedish-born American philosopher and educator.	John Elof Boodin	philosopher
occupation	Samuel So (So Man-sing; born 28 June 1966) is a Hong Kong screenwriter and film director.	Samuel So	film director
occupation	Estrella María Benzo Blas, also known as Estrella, is a Spanish singer born in Seville.	Estrella María Benzo Blas	singer
occupation	Martha Mattox (June 19, 1879 -- May 2, 1933) was an American silent film actor most notable for her role of Mammy Pleasant in the 1927 film The Cat and the Canary.	Martha Mattox	actor
occupation	Hon James Burty David GCSK MP was a Mauritian politician.	James Burty David	politician
occupation	Mir Dostaan Khan Domki is a Pakistani politician, and parliamentarian.	Mir Dostaan Khan Domki	politician
occupation	Musse Olol (Somali: Muuse Olool, Arabic: موسى العالول‎), also known as Muse A. Olol Diinle, is a Somali engineer and social activist.	Musse Olol	engineer
occupation	John Susman is an American playwright, Theatre director, screenwriter, and film director He received the Uprising Playwright's Award for his play Tiger Treadwell Takes Tinseltown, produced by the Los Angeles Theatre Unit.	John Susman	playwright
occupation	T. J. Lynch (born 1964?) is a screenwriter residing in Los Angeles.	T. J. Lynch	screenwriter
occupation	Robert Longbottom born 19 March 1957, is a dancer, choreographer, and director, primarily for the stage.	Robert Longbottom	choreographer
occupation	Mohammad Atiar Rahman (borm January 5, 1974 in Dhaka) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played Biman Bangladesh Airlines from 1996 to 2001 as wicket-keeper.	Atiar Rahman	cricketer
occupation	Tulal is a cartoonist from India.	Tulal	cartoonist
occupation	Chris Craymer is a London-born lifestyle photographer who also specializes in fashion, beauty, and portrait photography.	Chris Craymer	photographer
occupation	Georges-Elia Sarfati is a philosopher, linguist, poet, and an existentialist psychoanalyst, author of written works in the domains of ethics, jewish thought, social criticism, and discourse analysis.	Georges-Elia Sarfati	linguist	poet
occupation	Panos Kallitsis (born 1974) is a Greek hairstylist and make-up artist.	Panos Kallitsis	make-up artist
occupation	Zachary Wohlman, known as ``Kid Yamaka'' (a phonetic spelling of ``yarmulke,'' the skullcap worn by Jews while praying), (born May 23, 1988) is an American boxer in the Welterweight division, who was an amateur and is now a professional.	Zachary Wohlman	boxer
occupation	Yang Zhixue (Chinese: 杨志学; pinyin: yáng zhìxué) (born January 29, 1987 in Qiqihar, China) is a Chinese figure skater.	Yang Zhixue	figure skater
occupation	Li Xuefeng (Chinese: 李雪峰; pinyin: Lǐ Xuěfēng; Wade--Giles: Li Hsueh-feng; 1907 - 2003) was a Chinese Communist politician.	Li Xuefeng	politician
occupation	Caleb Cushing (January 17, 1800 -- January 2, 1879) was an American diplomat who served as a U.S. Congressman from Massachusetts and Attorney General under President Franklin Pierce.	Caleb Cushing	diplomat
occupation	Ephraim Shay (July 17, 1839 -- April 19, 1916) was an American merchant, entrepreneur and self-taught railroad engineer who worked in the state of Michigan.	Ephraim Shay	entrepreneur	engineer
occupation	Josephine Langley, or Madame Langley, Lady Ventriloquist, was the stage name of Annie Howarth, an English ventriloquist, who performed in music halls.	Josephine Langley	ventriloquist
occupation	Alfredo Martínez (born March 15, 1957) is a former professional baseball player who played two seasons for the California Angels of Major League Baseball.	Alfredo Martínez	baseball player
occupation	Assaf Shelleg (Hebrew: אסף שלג‎), is an Israeli musicologist and pianist, a senior lecturer of musicology at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Assaf Shelleg	musicologist
occupation	Harold Hellbaum (September 26, 1926 -- March 9, 2007) was a prominent farmer, rancher, and businessman in Platte County near Wheatland north of Cheyenne who was a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives from 1963 to 1976.	Harold Hellbaum	rancher
occupation	Anna Efimenko is a Paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S12 events, for visually impaired competitors.	Anna Efimenko	swimmer
occupation	Airboy is a fictional aviator hero of an American comic book series initially published by Hillman Periodicals during the World War II-era time period fans and historians call the Golden Age of comic books.	Airboy	aviator
occupation	D. Sam Abrams, (born 1952), is a poet, translator and critic.	D. Sam Abrams	translator
occupation	David Carbonara is a film and TV composer as well as a music editor.	David Carbonara	composer
occupation	Pietro Calzetta (fl. 1470-1500) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance.	Pietro Calzetta	painter
occupation	Clark Hoyt is an American journalist who was the public editor of The New York Times, serving as the ``readers' representative.''	Clark Hoyt	journalist
occupation	Masuma Esmati-Wardak is an Afghan writer and politician.	Masuma Esmati-Wardak	writer	politician
occupation	Anastas Hanania was a Jordanian-Palestinian lawyer, judge, official and diplomat.	Anastas Hanania	diplomat
occupation	Giacomo Merculiano (Naples, September 29, 1859 - November, 1935) was an Italian sculptor and illustrator.	Giacomo Merculiano	sculptor
occupation	Gerhard Tausche (born 1957) is a German archivist and author.	Gerhard Tausche	archivist
occupation	Richard M. Tobin (April 9, 1866 -- January 23, 1952) was an American banker and diplomat.	Richard M. Tobin	diplomat
occupation	Senator Dennis J. Patrick O'Grady (born December 9, 1943) was a Republican politician and is the youngest person elected to the Florida State Senate.	Dennis J. Patrick O'Grady	politician
occupation	Jaroslav Filip (June 22, 1949, Hontianske Moravce -- July 11, 2000, Bratislava), known as Jaro Filip, was Slovak musician, composer, humorist, dramaturgist, actor, columnist and promoter of the Internet in Slovakia with an extraordinary range of activities.	Jaroslav Filip	composer	actor
occupation	Wu Yonggang (November 1, 1907 -- December 18, 1982) was a prominent Chinese film director during the 1930s.	Wu Yonggang	film director
occupation	Tanner Stransky is a journalist and television critic for Entertainment Weekly.	Tanner Stransky	journalist
occupation	Martin Guevara Urbina (1972) is a Mexican-born American author, writer, researcher, professor, and speaker who, as a sociologist and criminologist, works on Latina and Latino issues in the United States.	Martin Guevara Urbina	writer	criminologist
occupation	Dean DeBlois (born June 7, 1970) is a Canadian film director, film producer, screenwriter, animator and editor.	Dean DeBlois	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Amy Toensing is an American photojournalist who is known for her intimate essays about the lives of ordinary people.	Amy Toensing	photojournalist
occupation	Juraj Sklenár (Georgius Szklenár) (25 February 1745 -- 30 January 1790) was a Slovak historian, pedagogoue and Catholic priest.	Juraj Sklenár	historian
occupation	Oleksander Lototsky was a Ukrainian statesman, diplomat, writer, and scientist.	Oleksander Lototsky	diplomat
occupation	Nathan Clifford Ricker, D.Arch (June 24, 1843 -- March 19, 1924) was a professor and architect known for his work at the University of Illinois.	Nathan Clifford Ricker	architect
occupation	Lila Morillo (August 14, 1940) is a Venezuelan actress and singer.	Lila Morillo	singer
occupation	John Townes Van Zandt (March 7, 1944 -- January 1, 1997), best known as Townes Van Zandt, was an American singer-songwriter.	Townes Van Zandt	singer-songwriter
occupation	Dr. Ailsa A. Welch is a reader in nutritional epidemiology at Norwich Medical School (part of the University of East Anglia) in the UK.	Ailsa A. Welch	reader
occupation	Ioan Talpeș (born August 24, 1944) is a Romanian Army general, military historian and politician.	Ioan Talpeș	historian
occupation	Tony Pollard is an archaeologist specialising in the archaeology of conflict.	Tony Pollard	archaeologist
occupation	Janne Friederike Meyer has been involved in riding and equestrian sports since her early childhood.	Janne Friederike Meyer	equestrian
occupation	Mahnaz Samadi is an Iranian dissident and human rights activist, who was previously a member in the Iranian Mujahideen-e Khalq.	Mahnaz Samadi	human rights activist
occupation	Anthony Quiles, better known by his stage name Q-Unique, is a Puerto Rican-American rapper, record producer and a member of rap group Arsonists and the hard rock band StillWell.	Q-Unique	rapper
occupation	K. R. Guruswami Iyer was an Indian lawyer, politician and Indian independence activist from Tinnevely who served as a member of the Madras Legislative Council from 1905 to 1909.	K. R. Guruswami Iyer	politician
occupation	Toni Cottura (born June 7, 1971), better known by his stage name Smooth T., is a German Eurodance and hip-hop producer and rapper.	Toni Cottura	rapper
occupation	Joseph Medill Patterson (January 6, 1879 -- May 26, 1946) was an American journalist, publisher and founder of the Daily News in New York.	Joseph Medill Patterson	journalist	publisher
occupation	Krister Axel (born May 14, 1974) is a French musician, poet and software engineer.	Krister Axel	musician	poet
occupation	Bachir Yellès (Arabic: بشير يلس‎, born September 12, 1921) is an Algerian painter.	Bachir Yellès	painter
occupation	Andy Worthington is a British historian, investigative journalist, and film director.	Andy Worthington	historian	film director
occupation	Suthep Po-ngam (Thai: สุเทพ โพธิ์งาม; rtgs: Suthep Pho-ngam), also known by his stage name Thep Po-ngam, is a Thai comedian, actor, film director and screenwriter.	Suthep Po-ngam	film director
occupation	Jordy Claude Daniel Lemoine (born January 14, 1988), known as Jordy, is a former French singer and musician.	Jordy	singer
occupation	Tepparith Singwancha is a Thai professional boxer in the super flyweight division and was the World Boxing Association Super Flyweight Champion from 2011 -- 2012.	Tepparith Singwancha	boxer
occupation	Jean Butler (born March 14, 1971), is an American stepdancer, choreographer, and actress.	Jean Butler	choreographer
occupation	Barthold Fles (February 7, 1902 -- December 19, 1989) was a Dutch-American literary agent, author, translator, editor and publisher.	Barthold Fles	translator
occupation	Pavel Mikšík (born July 27, 1943) is a Slovak architect and designer working in the field of fountain design.	Pavel Mikšík	architect
occupation	Opie Otterstad is a painter who specializes in paintings of sports figures and events.	Opie Otterstad	painter
occupation	Robert Volpe (December 13, 1942 -- November 28, 2006), was a painter and New York City police officer and detective, specializing in art theft.	Robert Volpe	police officer
occupation	Georg Stenger is a German philosopher and professor and chair of the department of philosophy at the University of Vienna.	Georg Stenger	philosopher
occupation	George Padamadan (November 10, 1932 -- July 25, 2004) was a self-described amateur philosopher from India.	George Padamadan	philosopher
occupation	Mark Dyurgerov is an internationally known glaciologist, was a Fellow of the Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research (INSTAAR) of the University of Colorado at Boulder.	Mark Dyurgerov	glaciologist
occupation	Otis Skinner (June 28, 1858 -- January 4, 1942) was a popular American stage actor active during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	Otis Skinner	actor
occupation	Borys Antonenko-Davydovych (Ukrainian: Борис Антоненко-Давидович), born Borys Davydov (Ukrainian: Борис Давидов) was a Ukrainian writer, translator and linguist.	Borys Antonenko-Davydovych	writer
occupation	Gustavo Costa Medeiros (born 25 November 1985) is a Brazilian psychiatrist, researcher, and writer.	Gustavo Costa Medeiros	psychiatrist
occupation	John Salter (born March 21, 1985) is an American mixed martial artist, who formerly fought in the middleweight division for defunct promotion Strikeforce.	John Salter	mixed martial artist
occupation	Barbara Barrett (born December 26, 1950) is an American businesswoman and diplomat.	Barbara Barrett	diplomat
occupation	John Benda (born July 9, 1947) is an American professional golfer playing on the European Seniors Tour.	John Benda	golfer
occupation	Niel Immelman (born 13 August 1944) is a South African classical pianist resident in the UK.	Niel Immelman	pianist
occupation	Joeri Verlinden (born January 22, 1988) is a Dutch swimmer who specializes in butterfly and freestyle.	Joeri Verlinden	swimmer
occupation	Raymond Laflamme is a Canadian physicist and the co-founder and current director of the Institute for Quantum Computing at the University of Waterloo.	Raymond Laflamme	physicist
occupation	Wallace H. Clark, Jr. (c.1924 -- November 28, 1997) was an American dermatologist and pathologist.	Wallace H. Clark, Jr.	pathologist
occupation	Troy Allan Martin (born November 21, 1964) is an American professional wrestler and promoter, better known by his ring name Shane Douglas.	Shane Douglas	professional wrestler
occupation	David Velázquez Fernández is a Mexican surgeon and researcher attached to the Endocrine Surgery and Advanced Laparoscopy at the Department of Surgery of the Salvador Zubirán National Institute of Health Sciences and Nutrition and with the Clinic of Nutrition, Obesity and Metabolic Disorders at the ABC Medical Center.	David Velázquez Fernández	surgeon
occupation	Marianna Mayer is a well-known children's book writer and artist from Roxbury, Connecticut.	Marianna Mayer	writer
occupation	Micah Ballard is a poet born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana on September 23, 1975.	Micah Ballard	poet
occupation	Tharini Mudaliar is an Australian actress, singer, and violinist.	Tharini Mudaliar	singer
occupation	Gerald Costanzo is an American poet and publisher.	Gerald Costanzo	poet
occupation	Martin Hermann Faber (1586 -- 1648), was a German painter, architect, and cartographer.	Martin Hermann Faber	painter	architect
occupation	Roya Mahboob is an Afghan entrepreneur and businesswoman.	Roya Mahboob	entrepreneur
occupation	Monte Collins (also credited as Monty Collins; December 3, 1898 -- June 1, 1951) was an American film actor and screenwriter.	Monte Collins	actor
occupation	Ramon di Clemente (born 2 May 1975) is a South African rower and Olympic medalist.	Ramon di Clemente	rower
occupation	Venerando Pulizzi (ca. 1792 - October 8, 1852) was an Italian-American musician and leader and member of the United States Marine Band.	Venerando Pulizzi	musician
occupation	Frederick Charles Pybus DCL, FRCS was an English surgeon from Newcastle-on-Tyne, who was at the forefront of research into organ transplantation.	Frederick Charles Pybus	surgeon
occupation	Haris Zolota is a Bosnian volleyball player at national league level and also an international player for Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Haris Zolota	volleyball player
occupation	George Washington Bolton (September 15, 1841 -- August 2, 1931) was a banker, merchant, politician, Southern Baptist layman, and the patriarch of an influential family in his adopted city of Alexandria, Louisiana.	George Washington Bolton	politician
occupation	Raimondo Muratori (Modena, August 30, 1841 - 1885) was an Italian painter, known for portraits and depicting religious subjects.	Raimondo Muratori	painter
occupation	Walter Alden Dyer (October 10, 1878, Roslindale, Boston, Massachusetts -- June 20, 1943) was an American author and journalist.	Walter Alden Dyer	journalist
occupation	Gerald Mohr (June 11, 1914 -- November 9, 1968) was an American radio, film and television character actor and frequent leading man who appeared in more than 500 radio plays, 73 films and over 100 television shows.	Gerald Mohr	actor
occupation	Chris Rice is an American singer and songwriter who works in the contemporary Christian music, contemporary folk and adult contemporary genres.	Chris Rice	singer
occupation	Gerhard Narholz (born June 6, 1937) is a classically trained composer, arranger and conductor, dedicated to easy listening and film score music.	Gerhard Narholz	composer
occupation	Angelo Michele Bartolotti (died before 1682) was an Italian guitarist, theorbo player and composer.	Angelo Michele Bartolotti	composer
occupation	Frederick Wilson Whitehead (1863-1926) was an English organist, composer and teacher of music who settled in Scotland.	Frederick Wilson Whitehead	organist	composer	teacher
occupation	Ole Hanson (January 6, 1874 -- July 6, 1940) was an American politician who served as mayor of Seattle, Washington from 1918 to 1919.	Ole Hanson	politician
occupation	Harold Dozier, known by his Pen Name of Themo H. Peel is an American writer, poet, and graphic designer best known as the author and illustrator of the fantasy novel Black Star, part of the children's book series Emersus Project.	Themo H. Peel	writer
occupation	David Graham Phillips (October 31, 1867 -- January 24, 1911) was an American novelist and journalist of the muckraker tradition.	David Graham Phillips	novelist	journalist
occupation	Lajos Dorkota (born July 19, 1958) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Dunaújváros (Fejér County Constituency III) from 2010 to 2013.	Lajos Dorkota	politician
occupation	The character of Abby Lockhart first appears in season 6 of ER in the episode ``Great Expectations'', guest starring as Carol Hathaway's labor and delivery nurse.	Abby Lockhart	nurse
occupation	Tom Turner is an English landscape architect, garden designer and garden historian teaching at the University of Greenwich in London.	Tom Turner	architect
occupation	Christine Fan (born March 18, 1976), better known by her stage name FanFan or her Chinese name Fan Wei-chi, is an American-born Taiwanese singer-songwriter, TV presenter, record producer, actress, author and philanthropist.	FanFan	singer
occupation	Christa Worthington (December 23, 1956 -- January 6, 2002) was a United States fashion writer who worked for Women's Wear Daily, Cosmopolitan, ELLE, Harper's Bazaar, and the New York Times.	Christa Worthington	fashion writer
occupation	Akhtar ul Iman (1915--1996) was a noted Urdu poet and screenwriter in Hindi cinema, who had a major influence on modern Urdu nazm.	Akhtar ul Iman	poet
occupation	Orestes Garrison (August 8, 1813 -- June 3, 1874) was an American surveyor and politician.	Orestes Garrison	politician
occupation	Gonzalo Rodriguez-Pereyra (born August 7, 1969) is a philosopher.	Gonzalo Rodriguez-Pereyra	philosopher
occupation	Ram Prasad Sharma is a Bharatiya Janata Party politician from Assam.	Ram Prasad Sharma	politician
occupation	King dedicated his 1989 book The Dark Half, about a pseudonym turning on a writer, to ``the deceased Richard Bachman'', and in 1996, when the Stephen King novel Desperation was released, the companion novel The Regulators carried the ``Bachman'' byline.	Stephen King	writer
occupation	Mahmoud Kharabsheh (also spelled Mahmud al-Kharabsha) is a Jordanian politician and lawyer and a member of the House of Representatives.	Mahmoud Kharabsheh	politician
occupation	Cynthia Diane Stephens is a judge of the Michigan Court of Appeals, First District.	Cynthia Diane Stephens	judge
occupation	Michael Krebs is an American actor, best known for his portrayals of Abraham Lincoln.	Michael Krebs	actor
occupation	Sérgio von Puttkammer, best known by the stage name Viana Júnior (1941 or 1942 -- June 7, 2010), was a Brazilian comedian and actor.	Viana Júnior	actor
occupation	Hrishant Goswami (Hindi - हृषंत गोस्वामी ) is an Indian model known for his participation in Indian reality show, Bigg Boss 4.	Hrishant Goswami	model
occupation	Robert Serber (March 14, 1909 -- June 1, 1997) was an American physicist who participated in the Manhattan Project.	Robert Serber	physicist
occupation	Ted Nace (born 1956) is an American writer, publisher, and environmentalist notable for his critique of corporate personhood and his anti-coal activism.	Ted Nace	writer
occupation	The purpose of the Byron Herbert Reece Society is to preserve, perpetuate, and promote the literary and cultural legacy of the Georgia mountain poet/novelist, Byron Herbert Reece.	Byron Herbert Reece	novelist
occupation	Jacquelin Magnay is an Australian journalist who wrote for the Sydney Morning Herald from 1992 to 2009.	Jacquelin Magnay	journalist
occupation	Jeffrey LeVasseur (born August 27, 1961 in Burbank, California) is an American country music singer and songwriter, more commonly known by the name Jeffrey Steele.	Jeffrey Steele	singer and songwriter
occupation	Arthur Chester was a first class cricketer and test umpire.	Arthur Chester	cricketer
occupation	Martti Olavi Siirala (November 24, 1922 -- August 18, 2008) was a Finnish psychiatrist, psychoanalyst and philosopher.	Martti Olavi Siirala	psychiatrist	philosopher
occupation	Sunder Ramu is an Indian film and stage actor, who has also worked as a photographer.	Sunder Ramu	actor
occupation	Nicholas DeVore III (April 24, 1949 -- May 16, 2003) was a freelance photographer in the 1970s, 1980s and early 1990s who spent 25 years traveling the world taking photos for publications such as National Geographic, Fortune, Life, and GEO.	Nicholas DeVore III	photographer
occupation	Yamila Cafrune (born in Buenos Aires, November 16, 1965) is an Argentine folk music singer.	Yamila Cafrune	singer
occupation	Tristram Dalton (May 28, 1738 -- May 30, 1817) was an American politician who served as a Senator from Massachusetts.	Tristram Dalton	politician
occupation	Brent Maher is a producer, engineer, and songwriter currently residing in Nashville, Tennessee.	Brent Maher	songwriter
occupation	Jessica Dubé (born October 29, 1987) is a Canadian figure skater who is best known for her pairs career with Bryce Davison.	Jessica Dubé	figure skater
occupation	Debra Monroe is an American novelist, short story writer, poet, and essayist.	Debra Monroe	novelist
occupation	William Hamilton Merritt III (June 8, 1855 - October 26, 1918) was a Canadian soldier, author, and mining engineer.	William Hamilton Merritt III	mining engineer
occupation	Orville J. Rhodes, better known as Red Rhodes or O. J. Rhodes (December 30, 1930 -- August 20, 1995), was an American pedal steel guitarist.	Red Rhodes	guitarist
occupation	Marlo Mortel (born on January 4, 1993) is a Filipino actor and singer.	Marlo Mortel	singer
occupation	Shadoe Stevens (born Terry Ingstad; November 3, 1947) is an American radio host, voiceover actor, and television personality.	Shadoe Stevens	radio host	actor
occupation	Russell Lieblich (March 2, 1953 -- January 26, 2005) was a game designer, programmer and musician who first came to prominence for his music for Activision and Intellivision games, as well as doing the Commodore 64 (C64) music translation of one of LucasArts first titles, Ballblazer.	Russell Lieblich	musician
occupation	Michael Leviton is a singer-songwriter, and ukulele player from Brooklyn, New York.	Michael Leviton	singer-songwriter
occupation	Geling Yan (simplified Chinese: 严歌苓; traditional Chinese: 嚴歌苓; pinyin: Yán Gēlíng; born 1958) is a famous Chinese writer, author of several novels, short stories and screenplays.	Geling Yan	writer
occupation	John Speed Smith (July 1, 1792 -- June 6, 1854) was an attorney and politician, a U.S. Representative from Kentucky, and a state representative for several terms, as well as state senator.	John Speed Smith	politician
occupation	Keiko Nakano (born January 8, 1968), better known as Bull Nakano, is a professional golfer and former professional wrestler.	Bull Nakano	golfer	professional wrestler
occupation	Salvadore Monosilio was an Italian painter of the 18th century, active in a late-Baroque style in Rome.	Salvadore Monosilio	painter
occupation	Héctor Aguilar Camín (born July 9, 1946 in Chetumal) is a Mexican writer, journalist and historian.	Héctor Aguilar Camín	writer	journalist	historian
occupation	Roy Campbell-Moore is a Scottish artist, dancer and choreographer.	Roy Campbell-Moore	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Rivka Bertisch Meir was an American psychologist, licensed mental health counselor and psychotherapist.	Rivka Bertisch Meir	psychologist	psychotherapist
occupation	Melanie Reinhart is an astrologer and author based in the United Kingdom.	Melanie Reinhart	astrologer
occupation	Gail Davies established herself as a successful singer and songwriter during the 1970s and 1980s, scoring numerous Top 10 and Top 20 Billboard hits.	Gail Davies	singer and songwriter
occupation	Anas Aremeyaw Anas is a Ghanaian investigative journalist born in the late 1970s.	Anas Aremeyaw Anas	journalist
occupation	Hipatia Cárdenas de Bustamante (also known by her pseudonym Aspacia) (1889--1972) was an Ecuadorian writer, politician, suffragist, and feminist.	Hipatia Cárdenas de Bustamante	writer
occupation	Aron Kincaid (June 15, 1940 -- January 6, 2011) was an American actor and former voice actor known for playing Killer Croc on Batman:	Aron Kincaid	actor	voice actor
occupation	Alexa Holland (born December 25, 1986), better known by the stage name Lex Land, is an American singer-songwriter based in Austin, Texas.	Lex Land	singer-songwriter
occupation	Peter Anich (1723-1766) was an Austrian cartographer and maker of mathematical instruments.	Peter Anich	cartographer
occupation	Arthur Welshe (fl. 1563), was an English politician.	Arthur Welshe	politician
occupation	Craig Ogden is an Australian classical guitarist whose albums have topped the UK classical charts.	Craig Ogden	guitarist
occupation	Katherine Schmidt (February 6, 1899 -- April 18, 1978) was an American artist and art activist.	Katherine Schmidt	artist
occupation	Cathie Pelletier (born 1953) is an award-winning novelist and songwriter who was born and raised in Allagash, a rural town in Aroostook County, Maine.	Cathie Pelletier	novelist
occupation	Harriet Burbank Rogers (April 12, 1834 -- December 12, 1919) was an American educator, a pioneer in the oral method of instruction of the deaf.	Harriet Burbank Rogers	educator
occupation	Franz Buxbaum (1900, Liebenau, Graz -- 1979) was an Austrian botanist, specialising in cacti.	Franz Buxbaum	botanist
occupation	Fatimah Jackson (Fatimah Linda Collier Jackson) is an African American biologist and anthropologist.	Fatimah Jackson	anthropologist
occupation	Nick Falcon (born July 20, 1968) is an American musician best known as guitarist, composer, lyricist and singer of the band The Young Werewolves.	Nick Falcon	singer
occupation	José Miguel Boissard Ramírez (born December 4, 1978 in San Cristóbal) is a judoka from the Dominican Republic, who competed in the men's half-middleweight category.	José Miguel Boissard	judoka
occupation	Alex Katz (born July 24, 1927) is an American figurative artist.	Alex Katz	artist
occupation	Alan Owston left England for Asia in 1871, working as a merchant in Japan and was also busy as an amateur naturalist.	Alan Owston	naturalist
occupation	Jim Metzler (born June 23, 1951) is an American actor, best known for guest-appearances on popular TV series.	Jim Metzler	actor
occupation	Jun Chen is a Chinese American astronomer.	Jun Chen	astronomer
occupation	Miles Fothergill is a British actor, best known for his roles in science fiction television.	Miles Fothergill	actor
occupation	Paul Ramsier (born 1937) is a classical composer most noted for his contributions to the bass literature.	Paul Ramsier	composer
occupation	Luis Ruiz Suárez S.J. (September 21, 1913 -- July 26, 2011) was a Spanish-born Macanese Jesuit priest and missionary.	Luis Ruiz Suárez	missionary
occupation	Metin Çelik (born April 3, 1970 in Gölcük) is a former Turkish-Dutch politician and police officer.	Metin Çelik	politician
occupation	Gia Johnson-Singh (born June 18, 1985 in London, England) is a British fashion model best known for appearances in Vogue and is the face of Tia Maria.	Gia Johnson	model
occupation	Deniece Williams (born June Deniece Chandler; June 3, 1950) is an American singer--songwriter and record producer who achieved success in the mid--1970s and 1980s.	Deniece Williams	singer--songwriter
occupation	Elliot Knight is a British actor best known for his role as Sinbad in the UK TV series Sinbad.	Elliot Knight	actor
occupation	Jim Lobe is an American journalist and the Washington Bureau Chief of the international news agency Inter Press Service.	Jim Lobe	journalist
occupation	Andrew Mueller is an Australian-born, London-based journalist and author.	Andrew Mueller	journalist
occupation	Belinda White is a South Australian softball player.	Belinda White	softball player
occupation	Fredrick D. Scott African-American financial consultant, private equity investor, venture capitalist, and motivational speaker.	Fredrick D. Scott	motivational speaker
occupation	Karen A. Cerulo (born January 25, 1957 in Perth Amboy, New Jersey) is an American sociologist specializing in the study of culture, communication and cognition.	Karen A. Cerulo	sociologist
occupation	Matthew Daddario (born October 1, 1987) is an American actor best known for his roles in Delivery Man and When the Game Stands Tall.	Matthew Daddario	actor
occupation	Jesse Rivest is a Canadian singer-songwriter currently residing in New Zealand (2008).	Jesse Rivest	singer
occupation	Juan Carlos Baumgartner (February 27, 1972) is a Mexican architect, founder and CEO of the Chicago-based international architecture firm SPACE.	Juan Carlos Baumgartner	architect
occupation	Shirin Aumeeruddy-Cziffra is a politician and diplomat from Mauritius (but not born in Mauritius) who served as :	Shirin Aumeeruddy-Cziffra	politician	diplomat
occupation	Hartmut Piniek (born in 1950 in Wolgast) is a German painter.	Hartmut Piniek	painter
occupation	Helen Shapiro has been married since 31 August 1988 to John Judd (real name, John Williams), an actor with numerous roles in British television and cinema, and lives in Kent.	Helen Shapiro	actor
occupation	Gary Riley (born November 19, 1963) is a former American character actor with about thirty credits encompassing theatrical and made-for-TV films as well as episodes of TV series.	Gary Riley	actor
occupation	Wojciech Giertych, O.P. (pronounced (ˈvɔjt͡ɕɛx ˈɡʲɛrtɨx); born 27 September 1951) is an English Roman Catholic priest in the Dominican Order.	Wojciech Giertych	Catholic priest
occupation	Rob Curry is a British film director, best known for his work on theatrical documentaries.	Rob Curry	film director
occupation	Katrine Larsen Lenner is a Greenlandic politician and member of the Inuit Ataqatigiit party.	Katrine Larsen Lenner	politician
occupation	Klaus Patau (1908--1975; born Klaus Pätau; pronounced (ˈklaʊs ˈpɛtaʊ)) was a German-born American geneticist.	Klaus Patau	geneticist
occupation	Claudine Clark (born April 26, 1941, Macon, Georgia, United States) is an American R&B musician, best known as the singer and composer of the 1962 hit, ``Party Lights'', which reached #5 on the Billboard Hot 100.	Claudine Clark	singer	composer
occupation	Archie Moore (born Archibald Lee Wright; December 13, 1916 -- December 9, 1998) was an American professional boxer and the longest reigning Light Heavyweight World Champion of all time (December 1952 -- May 1962).	Archie Moore	boxer
occupation	Kustaa Rafael Paasio (June 6, 1903 - March 17, 1980) was a prominent Finnish politician and editor from Social Democratic Party.	Rafael Paasio	politician
occupation	Dorothy Hansine Andersen (May 15, 1901 -- March 3, 1963) was the American physician who was the first person to identify cystic fibrosis and the first American physician to describe the disease.	Dorothy Hansine Andersen	physician
occupation	Aaliyah Dana Haughton (/ɑː.ˈliː.ə/; January 16, 1979 -- August 25, 2001) was an American singer, dancer, actress, and model.	Aaliyah	singer	dancer	model
occupation	Steven Kropper is an American businessman, wireless entrepreneur, and wind power advocate and founder of Domania, a home price-check website.	Steven Kropper	entrepreneur
occupation	In the television show, in his day-to-day life, Rocko works as a cashier at (and briefly as the boss of) a local comic book shop called Kind of a Lot o' Comics which is owned by Mr. Smitty and sells mostly Really Really Big Man comics.	Rocko	cashier
occupation	Christopher Woodrow is an American financier and movie producer.	Christopher Woodrow	financier
occupation	Homer Croy (March 3, 1883 - May 24, 1965), was an American author and occasional screenwriter who wrote fiction and non-fiction books about life in the Midwestern United States.	Homer Croy	screenwriter
occupation	Corey Wilson (born April 30, 1985) is an American politician and military veteran from Maine.	Corey Wilson	politician
occupation	Carole MacNeil (born February 2, 1964) is an award-winning television journalist and producer with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.	Carole MacNeil	journalist
occupation	Manuel de Arriaga, for his part, would select the politician and journalist João Chagas to head his first government.	Manuel de Arriaga	politician
occupation	Edward Wilson Davis (May 8, 1888 -- December 3, 1973) was an American engineer and inventor famous for pioneering early research into taconite.	Edward Wilson Davis	engineer
occupation	Mona Bollerud from Fiskum in Øvre Eiker is a former Norwegian biathlete.	Mona Bollerud	biathlete
occupation	Grant Bristow began his career as a private investigator, working with several Toronto-based investigation firms through the early and mid-1980s.	Grant Bristow	private investigator
occupation	James Tilquist is an American professional wrestler better known by the ring name Big Tilly.	Big Tilly	professional wrestler
occupation	Marc Streitenfeld is a German film score composer, known for his collaborations with director Ridley Scott.	Marc Streitenfeld	composer
occupation	Ramy Helmy El-Awadi (born July 31, 1989 in Sharkia) is an Egyptian Amateur boxer who competed at the 2012 Olympics at light flyweight.	Ramy Helmy El-Awadi	boxer
occupation	Emilie Gourd (1879--1946) was a Swiss feminist and journalist.	Emilie Gourd	journalist
occupation	Jean-Pierre Louyebo is a Congolese diplomat who has been Congo-Brazzaville's Ambassador to Algeria since 2012.	Jean-Pierre Louyebo	diplomat
occupation	Jewel Aich is a Bangladeshi magician and bansuri player.	Jewel Aich	magician
occupation	Giovanni Bernardino Pollinari (Piacenza, February 27, 1813 -- Piacenza, October 5, 1896) was an Italian painter, mainly of historic and sacred canvases, as well as portraits.	Giovanni Bernardino Pollinari	painter
occupation	Ryszard Kotala - Polish volleyball player.	Ryszard Kotala	volleyball player
occupation	Brett Claywell (born April 11, 1978) is an American actor best known for playing the roles of Tim Smith on The CW series One Tree Hill, and Kyle Lewis on the ABC soap opera One Life to Live.	Brett Claywell	actor
occupation	Lucius Jeremiah Gartrell (January 7, 1821 -- April 7, 1891) was an American politician and lawyer, as well as general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	Lucius Jeremiah Gartrell	politician	lawyer
occupation	Al Ruscio (June 2, 1924 -- November 12, 2013) was an American character actor who appeared in numerous television shows and films.	Al Ruscio	actor
occupation	Gilla in Chomded húa Cormaic, Gaelic-Irish poet of the early Middle Ages, fl.	Gilla in Chomded húa Cormaic	poet
occupation	Gene St. Leon (born c. 1955 in Hutchinson, Kansas) is a retired Champion jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.	Gene St. Leon	jockey
occupation	Nadav Tamir (Hebrew: נדב תמיר‎; born August 27, 1961) is an Israeli diplomat, and one of the top experts in Israel on Israel--	Nadav Tamir	diplomat
occupation	Paul Bowles also worked under Virgil Thomson as a music critic at the New York Herald Tribune.	Paul Bowles	music critic
occupation	KK Goswami is an Indian television actor who appears in Indian TV serials.	KK Goswami	actor
occupation	Bernd Dießner (born 26 March 1946 in Aken, Saxony-Anhalt) is a retired East German long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres.	Bernd Dießner	long-distance runner
occupation	RR Enriquez (born Romyreen Enriquez on October 19, 1985) is a Filipino model and television personality.She first became known as one of the dancers on the variety and game show Wowowee.	RR Enriquez	model
occupation	Rebecca Soni (born March 18, 1987) is an American former competition swimmer and breaststroke specialist who is a six-time Olympic medalist.	Rebecca Soni	swimmer
occupation	Vidoja Božinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Видоја Божиновић), also known as Džindžer (transliteration for Ginger), is a Serbian musician.	Vidoja Božinović	musician
occupation	Edgar Dewdney, PC (November 5, 1835 -- August 8, 1916) was a Canadian surveyor, road builder, Indian commissioner and politician born in Devonshire, England.	Edgar Dewdney	politician
occupation	Stephen Goldblatt, A.S.C., B.S.C. is a South African cinematographer, noted for his work on high-profile action films as well as for his recent collaborations with director Mike Nichols.	Stephen Goldblatt	cinematographer
occupation	Stayve Jerome Thomas (born September 8, 1980), better known as Slim Thug, is an American rapper.	Slim Thug	rapper
occupation	Chellis Glendinning is a North American author of creative nonfiction, radio producer, licensed psychotherapist (now in retirement), and social-change activist.	Chellis Glendinning	psychotherapist
occupation	Antony Price is a London fashion designer best known for evening wear and suits, and for being as much an ``image-maker'' as a designer.	Antony Price	fashion designer
occupation	You Xie (Chinese: 友谢) (born Xie Shengyou: Chinese: 谢盛友, October 1, 1958 in Hainan) is a German journalist and author of Chinese origin.	You Xie	journalist	author
occupation	Frank Swift Bourns (1866 -- 1935) was an ornithologist and doctor.	Frank Swift Bourns	ornithologist
occupation	Angela Cappetta (born 1974) is an American photographer based in New York City.	Angela Cappetta	photographer
occupation	Abraham Bradley, Jr. (February 22, 1767 -- May 7, 1838) was an American lawyer, judge, and cartographer who was assistant postmaster general for 30 years during the earliest history of the United States Post Office Department.	Abraham Bradley, Jr.	lawyer
occupation	Tor Lundvall (born 1968 in Wyckoff, New Jersey) is a painter and musician who is based out of East Hampton, New York.	Tor Lundvall	painter
occupation	Arnab Jan Deka is a novelist, short story writer, poet, playwright, screenwriter, documentary film director, columnist, TV actor, jurist, river engineer and eco-technocrat.	Arnab Jan Deka	novelist
occupation	Greg Irons (September 29, 1947 -- November 14, 1984) was a poster artist, underground cartoonist, animator and tattoo artist.	Greg Irons	artist	cartoonist	animator	tattoo artist
occupation	Martim Afonso de Sousa (c. 1500 -- 21 July 1564) was a Portuguese fidalgo, explorer and colonial administrator.	Martim Afonso de Sousa	explorer
occupation	Malik Adnan Hayat Noon is a politician in Pakistan and a member of the Noon family of Pakistan.	Malik Adnan Hayat Noon	politician
occupation	Jeffrey Ross Hyman (May 19, 1951 -- April 15, 2001), known by his stage name Joey Ramone, was an American musician and singer-songwriter, lead vocalist of the punk rock band the Ramones.	Joey Ramone	singer-songwriter
occupation	Don Blum (born May 12, 1972 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is a musician, best known as the drummer for the Indie rock band The Von Bondies.	Don Blum	drummer
occupation	Jason McCoy (born Jason Dwight Campsall, August 27, 1970) is a Canadian singer/songwriter who performs country music.	Jason McCoy	singer
occupation	Tôn Dức Lượng (Bắc Ninh born 1925) is a Vietnamese painter.	Tôn Dức Lượng	painter
occupation	Deborah Richards is an award winning Australian journalist, of English descent from the Edwards family.	Deborah Richards	journalist
occupation	Ellen Thomas (born January 24, 1947) is an American peace activist.	Ellen Thomas	activist
occupation	Joseph Bishara (born July 26, 1970) is an American composer and actor, best known for his work scoring films such as Insidious, 11-11-11, Dark Skies, and The Conjuring.	Joseph Bishara	composer
occupation	Simon Mbilinyi is a Tanzanian CCM politician and a former Member of Parliament for Peramiho constituency.	Simon Mbilinyi	politician
occupation	Ismayil Shykhly (Azerbaijani: İsmayıl Şıxlı; March 22, 1919 -- July 26, 1995), also known by his birth name Ismayil Shikhlinsky Gahraman oglu (Azerbaijani: İsmayıl Şıxlınski Qəhrəman oğlu), was Azerbaijani writer.	Ismayil Shykhly	writer
occupation	Marc Forster (born 30 November 1969) is a German and Swiss filmmaker and screenwriter.	Marc Forster	screenwriter
occupation	Rajaram Nityananda (born 1948) is an Indian physicist who works on Astronomical Optics, Image Processing & Gravitational Dynamics.	Rajaram Nityananda	physicist
occupation	Tony St. Clair is a retired English professional wrestler.	Tony St. Clair	professional wrestler
occupation	Henri de Feynes, Comte de Monfart, Monsart or Montfort, was a 17th-century French explorer and adventurer who was the first Frenchman to visit China.	Henri de Feynes	explorer
occupation	Carl Gottlieb (born March 18, 1938) is an American screenwriter, actor, comedian and executive.	Carl Gottlieb	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Joan Kennedy Taylor (December 21, 1926 -- October 29, 2005) was an American journalist, author, editor, public intellectual, and political activist.	Joan Kennedy Taylor	journalist
occupation	Billy Clapper (born December 25, 1982 in Altoona, Pennsylvania) is an American college basketball coach and he was the head men's basketball coach at Penn State Altoona from 2009-2015.	Billy Clapper	basketball coach
occupation	Urs Aeberhand (sometimes known as Urs Aeberhard) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed from the late 1990s to the early 2000s.	Urs Aeberhand	bobsledder
occupation	Melvin Ragin (born December 8, 1950), better known by the nickname ``Wah Wah Watson'', is an American guitarist and session musician famed for his skills with a wah-wah pedal.	Wah Wah Watson	musician
occupation	``Blue'' Gene Tyranny (born Robert Nathan Sheff, January 1, 1945) is an avant-garde composer and pianist.	Gene Tyranny	composer
occupation	Szczepan Sadurski is a polish satirist, cartoonist, caricaturist, journalist, leader of the Partia Dobrego Humoru (Good Humor Party).	Szczepan Sadurski	caricaturist	journalist
occupation	Sharlto Copley (born November 27, 1973) is a South African actor, producer, and director who has produced and co-directed short films which have appeared at the Cannes Film Festival, as well as commercials and music videos.	Sharlto Copley	actor
occupation	Joan Dickinson is an American artist working in multiple forms: visual and performance art, writing, photography, farming and environmental restoration, and teaching.	Joan Dickinson	artist
occupation	Li Rongjin (Li Jung-chin, traditional: 李容瑾, simplified: 李容瑾); was a Chinese landscape painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1271--1368).	Li Rongjin	painter
occupation	Eva Nowotny is married to Thomas Nowotny, a retired diplomat, author and lecturer on international relations.	Eva Nowotny	diplomat
occupation	Omékongo Dibinga, PhD is an American poet, musician, motivational speaker, diversity consultant, CNN contributor and positive rapper.	Omékongo Dibinga	poet	musician
occupation	Vikramaditya Motwane (born 6 December 1976) is an Indian film director, and screenwriter for films like Dev.D (2009) and Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal (2007).	Vikramaditya Motwane	film director
occupation	Majid Kiani is an Iranian musician and researcher.	Majid Kiani	musician
occupation	John Mercer Brooke (December 18, 1826 -- December 14, 1906) was an American sailor, engineer, scientist, and educator.	John Mercer Brooke	engineer
occupation	Dan Korem (born November 6, 1952) is an American investigative journalist, author, documentary producer, speaker, and researcher on issues and practical applications related to snapshot behavioral reads.	Dan Korem	journalist
occupation	David Shulman (November 12, 1912 -- October 30, 2004) was an American lexicographer and cryptographer.	David Shulman	lexicographer	cryptographer
occupation	Rex Black (born July 16, 1964) is a software engineer, entrepreneur and an author in the field of software testing.	Rex Black	engineer
occupation	Rudolf Czipott (Slovene: Rudolf Cipot) (January 14 or June 18, 1825, Hodoš -- May 20, 1901) was a Slovene evangelic pastor and writer in Hungary.	Rudolf Czipott	pastor	writer
occupation	H.D Madhawa Srinath Thirimanna (Sinhala:එච්.ඩි.මාධව ශ්‍රිනාත් තිරිමාන්න) is a Sri Lankan short film director and producer	Madhawa Srinath Thirimanna	film director
occupation	Sir Charles Alphonse Pantaléon Pelletier, KCMG, PC (January 22, 1837 -- April 29, 1911) was a Canadian lawyer, militia officer, politician, publisher, judge, and the ninth Lieutenant Governor of Quebec.	Charles Alphonse Pantaléon Pelletier	lawyer	politician
occupation	Mike Legarza is an American basketball coach and entrepreneur, currently the Director of Legarza Basketball Camps, which is the largest day basketball camp in the country, over 100,000 players have attended.	Mike Legarza	basketball coach
occupation	Tara Chatterjea (born 1937) is an author and philosopher specializing in Indian philosophy.	Tara Chatterjea	philosopher
occupation	Henry Clay Evans (June 18, 1843 - December 12, 1921) was an American politician and businessman who represented Tennessee's 3rd district in the United States House of Representatives from 1889 to 1891, and was twice a candidate for Governor of Tennessee (1894 and 1906).	Henry Clay Evans	politician
occupation	Ralph Nicholson Wornum (1812--1877) was an English artist, art historian and administrator.	Ralph Nicholson Wornum	art historian
occupation	Caleb Ramsbottom (born April 22, 1769 in Westminster, England -- died November 8, 1827), aka Caleb Baldwin, was a premiere lightweight boxer of the bare-knuckle era in England.	Caleb Baldwin	boxer
occupation	George Fisher Baker (March 27, 1840 -- May 2, 1931) was a U.S. financier and philanthropist.	George Fisher Baker	financier
occupation	Idoia Zenarrutzabeitia Beldarrain (born June 6, 1959) in Usansolo, Biscay is a Spanish Basque politician.	Idoia Zenarrutzabeitia Beldarrain	politician
occupation	William Cowper Alexander (May 20, 1806 -- August 23, 1874) was an American lawyer, politician, and insurance executive.	William Cowper Alexander	lawyer	politician
occupation	Günther Pohl (born August 23, 1939 in Berlin, Germany) is a German longdistance- and ultra/marathon runner.	Günther Pohl	marathon runner
occupation	Volfgangs Dārziņš (1906--1962) was a Latvian composer, pianist and music critic.	Volfgangs Dārziņš	composer
occupation	Eric Schaeffer (born January 22, 1962) is an American actor, writer and director.	Eric Schaeffer	actor
occupation	Pietro Belluschi (August 18, 1899 -- February 14, 1994) was an Italian-born American architect, a leader of the Modern Movement in architecture, and was responsible for the design of over 1,000 buildings.	Pietro Belluschi	architect
occupation	George Cadogan Gardner McKay (June 10, 1932 -- November 21, 2001) was an American actor, artist, and author.	Gardner McKay	actor	artist
occupation	Willard Mack (September 18, 1873 -- November 18, 1934) was a Canadian-born actor, director, and playwright.	Willard Mack	actor
occupation	Pons de Monlaur or Montlaur was a Provençal baron and troubadour of the early thirteenth century.	Pons de Monlaur	troubadour
occupation	Gordon Stein (April 30, 1941--August 27, 1996) was an American author, physiologist, and activist for atheism and religious skepticism.	Gordon Stein	physiologist
occupation	Rory Pitman is a Welsh rugby union player for Scarlets.	Rory Pitman	rugby union player
occupation	Miguel Kast Rist (December 18, 1948 - September 18, 1983) was a German-born Chilean economist of the Chicago Boys group.	Miguel Kast	economist
occupation	Anders Blewett (born August 18, 1980, in Great Falls, MT) is a lawyer and a Montana Democratic politician.	Anders Blewett	politician
occupation	Tilo Jung (born October 21, 1985 in Malchin, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a German journalist and chief editor of the political webshow Jung & Naiv (Young & Naive).	Tilo Jung	journalist
occupation	Irving Domingo Lorenzo, Jr. (born June 26, 1970), better known as Irv Gotti, is an American hip hop and R&B record producer and is the founder of The Inc record label.	Irv Gotti	record producer
occupation	Herman Fowlkes, Jr. (September 21, 1919 -- April 3, 1993) was an American jazz musician and educator from Chicago, Illinois.	Herman Fowlkes, Jr.	jazz musician
occupation	Monica Queen is a singer from Glasgow, Scotland who has collaborated with Belle & Sebastian (e.g., on Lazy Line Painter Jane from the Lazy Line Painter Jane EP), Chris Coco, James Grant and Jim White, among others.	Monica Queen	singer
occupation	Barbara Elaine Smith (born August 24, 1949), known as B. Smith, is an American restaurateur, model, author, and television host.	B. Smith	restaurateur
original network	The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show was an hour-long Saturday morning cartoon produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions from 1965 to 1967 for NBC.	The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show	NBC
original network	The O'Keefes is an American television sitcom, that aired on The WB Television Network.	The O'Keefes	The WB
original network	Choose Up Sides was a children's television game show that aired on NBC Saturday mornings from January 7 to March 31, 1956.	Choose Up Sides	NBC
original network	Rivers with Griff Rhys Jones is a British documentary television series broadcast on BBC One in 2009.	Rivers with Griff Rhys Jones	BBC One
original network	Wild Things with Dominic Monaghan is a wildlife documentary series commissioned by Channel 5 and BBC America and presented by actor Dominic Monaghan, who also serves as an executive producer for the show.	Wild Things with Dominic Monaghan	BBC America
original network	If Katie Hopkins Ruled the World is a British television panel show produced by Mentorn Media for TLC, presented by former Apprentice candidate and newspaper columnist Katie Hopkins.	If Katie Hopkins Ruled the World	TLC
original network	Under the Gunn (also known as Project Runway: Under the Gunn) is an American reality competition series that premiered January 16, 2014, on Lifetime.	Under the Gunn	Lifetime
original network	De Biker Boys is a comical mockumentary, broadcast from 2014 by the Belgian public broadcasting company Eén and produced by Koeken Troef.	De Biker Boys	Eén
original network	The Heart, She Holler is a live-action television series produced by PFFR for Adult Swim.	The Heart, She Holler	Adult Swim
original network	Storybook Squares was the name given to a special series of episodes of the NBC game show Hollywood Squares.	Storybook Squares	NBC
original network	The U.S. of Archie was a Saturday morning cartoon show on CBS from September 7, 1974 to September 1976.	The U.S. of Archie	CBS
original network	Buletin Siang (lit. Noon Bulletin) is the first noon newscast ever produced by an Indonesian private television station it was launched on 24 August 1993 on privately owned RCTI private television station in Indonesia, Buletin Siang was also carried by RCTI's then sister station SCTV.	Buletin Siang	RCTI	SCTV
original network	Dublin Wives (previously Dublin Housewives) was an Irish reality television programme broadcast on TV3.	Dublin Wives	TV3
original network	Escape of the Artful Dodger was an Australian children's television series first screened on the Nine Network in 2001.	Escape of the Artful Dodger	Nine Network
original network	BBC Weekend News is the national news programmes on BBC One at a weekend and bank holidays although it is often referred to on guides simply as BBC News, or if broadcast at 1:00pm exactly, BBC News at One, 6:00pm exactly, BBC News at Six and 10:00pm exactly, BBC News at Ten.	BBC Weekend News	BBC One	BBC News
original network	Money for Breakfast was a morning business program which aired on the Fox Business Network weekdays from 7-9am Eastern Time.	Money for Breakfast	Fox Business Network
original network	Kenny vs. Spenny was originally going to be aired on MTV, but MTV's broadcasters rejected the pilot (after purchasing it for $8,000).	Kenny vs. Spenny	MTV
original network	Majalah Tiga (also known as Majalah 3) (English: Three Magazine) is a popular Malaysian documentary that is broadcast on TV3.	Majalah Tiga	TV3
original network	House of DVF is an American reality television series which premiered on November 2, 2014, on the E! cable network.	House of DVF	E
original network	UK Today was a BBC television news programme shown on most digital satellite and digital terrestrial versions of BBC One and BBC Two.	UK Today	BBC One
original network	Raging Planet is an American documentary television series that originally aired in 1997 and 2009 on the Discovery Channel.	Raging Planet	Discovery Channel
original network	Deadly Affairs is an American documentary television series on Investigation Discovery that debuted on September 28, 2012.	Deadly Affairs	Investigation Discovery
original network	Keep Posted (also known as The Big Issue) was a United States public affairs TV series on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network which was sponsored by The Saturday Evening Post for its first season.	Keep Posted	DuMont Television Network
original network	I Love the 2000s is a miniseries in the I Love... series and sequel to I Love the New Millennium on VH1.	I Love the 2000s	VH1
original network	The Fairy Jobmother is a British and American reality documentary television series on Lifetime.	The Fairy Jobmother	Lifetime
original network	Time for Beany is an American television series, with puppets for characters, which aired locally in Los Angeles starting in 1949 and nationally (via kinescope) on the improvised Paramount Television Network from 1950 to 1955.	Time for Beany	Paramount Television Network
original network	The Popeye Show is a cartoon anthology series that premiered on November 11, 2001, on Cartoon Network.	The Popeye Show	Cartoon Network
original network	Heston's Feasts is a television cookery programme starring chef Heston Blumenthal and produced by Optomen for Channel 4.	Heston's Feasts	Channel 4
original network	Uga-Uga is a Brazilian telenovela created by Carlos Lombardi, it was produced and aired by Rede Globo from May 8, 2000 to January 19, 2001 for 221 episodes.	Uga-Uga	Rede Globo
original network	Built for the Kill is a nature series made by Granada Wild for the National Geographic Channel.	Built for the Kill	National Geographic Channel
original network	El magnate, is an American telenovela created and produced by Telemundo and Ángel del Cerro in 1990.	El magnate	Telemundo
original network	Basta't Kasama Kita (lit. As Long As I'm With You) was an ABS-CBN primetime series starring Robin Padilla and Judy Ann Santos.	Basta't Kasama Kita	ABS-CBN
original network	Kenny's World is an Australian television mockumentary on Network Ten that is a spin-off from the 2006 mockumentary film Kenny.	Kenny's World	Network Ten
original network	House From Hell is an Australian reality television series that screened on Network Ten in 1998.	House From Hell	Network Ten
original network	The Lloyd Bridges Show is an American anthology drama series produced by Aaron Spelling, which aired on CBS from September 11, 1962 to May 28, 1963, starring and hosted by Lloyd Bridges.	The Lloyd Bridges Show	CBS
original network	The Chisholms is akin to the unsuccessful 1977 NBC venture, The Oregon Trail.	The Chisholms	NBC
original network	Weird or What? is a series on the Discovery Channel and History (Canada) hosted by William Shatner (except for the U.S. Version of Season 1, where his segments were replaced by a fourth story).	Weird or What?	Discovery Channel	History
original network	Anita de Montemar, is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa and originally transmitted by Telesistema Mexicano.	Anita de Montemar	Telesistema Mexicano
original network	Big Bite was an Australian sketch comedy television series, which ran on the Seven Network from 8 May 2003 to 4 March 2004 in a prime time timeslot on Thursdays.	Big Bite	Seven Network
original network	Invasion America is a 1998 American animated science fiction miniseries that aired in the prime time lineup on The WB and later as a part of the Kids' WB programming block.	Invasion America	The WB
original network	Sky News with Kay Burley, formerly Afternoon Live, is a three hour weekday news programme in the United Kingdom on Sky News, presented by Kay Burley.	Afternoon Live	Sky News
original network	María Mercé, La Chinita is a 1970 Venezuelan telenovela produced by Venevisión.	María Mercé, La Chinita	Venevisión
original network	Outside the Lines, or also referred to as OTL, is an American television program on ESPN that looks ``outside the lines'' and examines critical issues in mostly American sports on and off the field of play.	Outside the Lines	ESPN
original network	The Best of Ireland AM airs at different times on Saturday and Sunday mornings on sister channel 3e, featuring highlights from the weekday shows.	Ireland AM	3e
original network	Una Kang Naging Akin or When You Were Mine (International title) is a Philippine drama on GMA Network.	Una Kang Naging Akin	GMA Network
original network	Insectia is a nature documentary program on the Discovery Channel.	Insectia	Discovery Channel
original network	Food Wars was a weekly Travel Channel series hosted by Camille Ford that debuted on Tuesday, March 9, 2010.	Food Wars	Travel Channel
original network	The Black and White Minstrel Show was a British light entertainment show that ran on BBC television from 1958 to 1978 and was a popular stage show.	The Black and White Minstrel Show	BBC
original network	Jacek i Agatka (Jacek and Agatka) is a Polish television program created by writer Wanda Chotomska for Telewizja Polska's children's television block Dobranocka.	Jacek i Agatka	Telewizja Polska
original network	Game Makers was a TV show that aired on G4 from September 4, 2003, to 2006.	Game Makers	G4
original network	Every Witch Way is an American telenovela-formatted teen sitcom that originally aired on Nickelodeon from January 1, 2014 to July 30, 2015.	Every Witch Way	Nickelodeon
original network	Epic Win is a British game show that aired on BBC One from 20 August to 24 September 2011 and was hosted by Alexander Armstrong.	Epic Win	BBC One
original network	Fillmore! premiered on ABC's ABC Kids programming block on September 14, 2002.	Fillmore!	ABC Kids
original network	Supertrain is an American television drama/adventure series that ran on NBC from February 7 to May 5, 1979.	Supertrain	NBC
original network	Secrets of Midland Heights is an American nighttime soap opera which ran on CBS from December 6, 1980 to January 24, 1981 for eight episodes.	Secrets of Midland Heights	CBS
original network	Skyscraper Live with Nik Wallenda is a Discovery Channel special that aired on November 2, 2014.	Skyscraper Live	Discovery Channel
original network	Crash Investigation Unit is an Australian factual television series on the Seven Network hosted by Damian Walshe-Howling.	Crash Investigation Unit	Seven Network
original network	Shadow of the Cloak was a spy drama live television series broadcast on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network.	Shadow of the Cloak	DuMont Television Network
original network	On the Frontier of Space is a Canadian science documentary television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1959.	On the Frontier of Space	CBC Television
original network	Mujhe Chaand Chahiye is a television series that aired on Zee TV channel.	Mujhe Chaand Chahiye	Zee TV
original network	Hot Set is an American reality television game show on the Syfy cable network in which a group of production artists compete against each other to create movie sets.	Hot Set	Syfy
original network	La Corte de Familia (translated Family Court) is a Spanish-language reality court show that aired on Telemundo from 2000 to 2005.	La Corte de Familia	Telemundo
original network	The CMT Outlaws show was aired on Country Music Television.	CMT Outlaws	Country Music Television
original network	Final 24 is a Canadian documentary series which airs on the Discovery Channel, Global Television Network, and OWN.	Final 24	Discovery Channel
original network	The Friendly Giant is a popular Canadian children's television program that aired on CBC Television from September 30, 1958 through to March 1985.	The Friendly Giant	CBC Television
original network	Living with Fran is an American sitcom that debuted on The WB in April 2005 that starred Fran Drescher.	Living with Fran	The WB
original network	Fabian of the Yard is a British police procedural television series based on the real-life memoirs of Scotland Yard detective Robert Fabian, made by the BBC and broadcast between November 1954 and February 1956.	Fabian of the Yard	BBC
original network	The Money Wheel was a business news television program aired on weekdays on the CNBC network from its inception in 1989 until 1998.	The Money Wheel	CNBC
original network	Disney Presents The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage is a television series broadcast in the United States by NBC and produced by Stephen J. Cannell Productions in association with Walt Disney Television.	The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage	NBC
original network	Read It and Weep is a 2006 Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered on July 21, 2006.	Read It and Weep	Disney Channel
original network	Pawnography is an American game show broadcast by History.	Pawnography	History
original network	He's a Lady is an American reality television show that aired on TBS from October to November 2004.	He's a Lady	TBS
original network	Cool Clown Ground is a public-access television cable TV show that airs on Chicago Access Network Television (CAN-TV) at 10 pm on Sunday nights in Chicago, starring Shelley Mobil and members of the band Cheer-Accident.	Cool Clown Ground	Chicago Access Network Television
original network	The Oblongs premiered on The WB on April 1, 2001 and was later removed from on May 20, 2001, leaving five episodes unaired.	The Oblongs	The WB
original network	Quirpa de Tres Mujeres is a Venezuelan telenovela produced and aired on Venevisión in 1996.	Quirpa de Tres Mujeres	Venevisión
original network	New Film Makers is a Canadian experimental short film television miniseries which was broadcast on CBC Television in 1969.	New Film Makers	CBC Television
original network	The Young Person's Guide to Becoming a Rock Star is a British comedy series, which aired on Channel 4 in 1998.	The Young Person's Guide to Becoming a Rock Star	Channel 4
original network	Lee Nelson's Well Funny People is a British television comedy series starring Simon Brodkin produced by Avalon for BBC Three.	Lee Nelson's Well Funny People	BBC Three
original network	Love You, Mean It with Whitney Cummings is a weekly American talk show series that was broadcast on E!.	Love You, Mean It with Whitney Cummings	E
original network	Cadet Kelly is a 2002 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Hilary Duff.	Cadet Kelly	Disney Channel
parent taxon	The Pitcairnioideae comprise the terrestrial subfamily of the bromeliads (Bromeliaceae) with over 1000 species in 16 genera.	Pitcairnioideae	Bromeliaceae
parent taxon	Apis dorsata, the giant honey bee, is a honey bee of South and Southeast Asia, found mainly in forested areas such as the Terai of Nepal and sometimes even in Malaysia and Singapore.	Apis dorsata	honey bee
parent taxon	The New Guinea flightless rail (Megacrex inepta), also known as the Papuan flightless rail, is a species of bird in the family Rallidae, in the monotypic genus Megacrex.	New Guinea flightless rail	Megacrex
parent taxon	Bogoslovskya was originally assigned to the subfamily Michelinoceratinae within the Orthocerida, wherein it was listed by Sepkoski (2002) and reassigned to the Palliocerida by Zhuravleva (2005) and placed in the newly established Bogoslovskyidae.	Bogoslovskya	Bogoslovskyidae
parent taxon	Meniscoceras is a straight and slender Chazyan endocerid described by Rousseau Flower in 1941 The genus was originally included in the Proterocameroceratidae (Flower 1955) but later (Flower 1976) placed with its predecessor, Najaceras, in the Najaceratidae.	Meniscoceras	Najaceratidae
parent taxon	The Phyllodactylidae are a family of geckos (Gekkota) consisting of approximately 113 species, distributed throughout the New World, North Africa, Europe and the Middle East.	Phyllodactylidae	Gekkota
parent taxon	The Malagasy black swift or Madagascar swift (Apus balstoni) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Malagasy black swift	Apus
parent taxon	The Samana hutia (Plagiodontia ipnaeum) is an extinct species of rodent in the family Capromyidae.	Samana hutia	Plagiodontia
parent taxon	The Ecuadorian hermit crab (Coenobita compressus) also known as the Pacific hermit crab is a species of land hermit crab.	Ecuadorian hermit crab	Coenobita
parent taxon	The Hilo noctuid moth (Hypena newelli) was a species of moth in the Noctuidae family.	Hilo noctuid moth	Hypena
parent taxon	The Sekukhune flat lizard (Platysaurus orientalis) is a species of lizard in the family Cordylidae.	Sekukhune flat lizard	Platysaurus
parent taxon	Banksia arborea, commonly known as Yilgarn Dryandra, is a plant endemic to Western Australia, notable as it is the only dryandra to grow to tree-like proportions.	Banksia arborea	Dryandra
parent taxon	Elatostema is a genus of flowering plants containing approximately 350 known species in the nettle family Urticaceae, native to tropical forest clearings throughout Australasia, Asia and Africa.	Elatostema	Urticaceae
parent taxon	Gonatopodinae are a subfamily of Dryinidae with wingless, ant-like females, but winged males.	Gonatopodinae	Dryinidae
parent taxon	Stegotretus is an extinct genus of lepospondyl amphibian variously referred to Gymnarthridae or Pantylidae.	Stegotretus	Gymnarthridae
parent taxon	The American wigeon (Anas americana), also American widgeon or baldpate, is a species of dabbling duck found in North America.	American wigeon	Anas
parent taxon	The Arctic skate (Amblyraja hyperborea) is a species of fish in Rajidae family.	Arctic skate	Amblyraja
parent taxon	The Marcapata spinetail (Cranioleuca marcapatae) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Marcapata spinetail	Cranioleuca
parent taxon	Nephthyigorgia is a genus of soft corals of the family Nidaliidae .	Nephthyigorgia	Nidaliidae
parent taxon	The Mentawai three-striped squirrel (Lariscus obscurus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Mentawai three-striped squirrel	Lariscus
parent taxon	Lachnocladium is a genus of clavarioid fungi in the family Lachnocladiaceae.	Lachnocladium	Lachnocladiaceae
parent taxon	The African pied hornbill, Tockus fasciatus, is a bird of the hornbill family, a family of tropical near-passerine birds found in the Old World.	African pied hornbill	Tockus
parent taxon	Mioclanis is an extinct genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing one species Mioclanis shanwangiana which is known from Shandong in China.	Mioclanis	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Dyschiriomimus stackelbergi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Dyschiriomimus.	Dyschiriomimus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Arizona gray squirrel (Sciurus arizonensis) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to the canyons and valleys surrounded by deciduous and mixed forests in eastern Arizona and northern Mexico.	Arizona gray squirrel	Sciurus
parent taxon	Pederpes is placed in the family Whatcheeriidae, of uncertain relationships to other tetrapod families.	Pederpes	Whatcheeriidae
parent taxon	The Príncipe weaver (Ploceus princeps) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.	Príncipe weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	Common percarina (Percarina demidoffii) is a species of fish in the Percidae family.	Common percarina	Percarina
parent taxon	Metanephrocerus is an extinct genus of big-headed flies in the dipteran subfamily Protonephrocerinae, for which it is one of only two genera.	Metanephrocerus	Protonephrocerinae
parent taxon	Like most other flowering plants of the Rosaceae, Peraphyllum ramosissimum has 5 petals and 5 sepals with radial symmetry.	Peraphyllum	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Dasymys robertsii (Robert's shaggy rat) is a species of rodent in the genus Dasymys that lives in South Africa.	Robert's shaggy rat	Dasymys
parent taxon	The Mediterranean mussel (Mytilus galloprovincialis) is a species of bivalve, a marine mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Mediterranean mussel	Mytilus
parent taxon	Adenosciadium arabicum is a species of flowering plants of the Apiaceae family and the only species of genus Adenosciadium.	Adenosciadium	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Phrynocris notabilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Phrynocris.	Phrynocris	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Near Eastern fire salamander or arouss al ayn (Salamandra infraimmaculata) is a species of salamander in the family Salamandridae found in Iran, Iraq, Israel, Lebanon, Syria, and Turkey.	Near Eastern fire salamander	Salamandra
parent taxon	Epistona was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered to be a synonym of Tolna.	Epistona	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Pacific flatbill (Rhynchocyclus pacificus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Pacific flatbill	Rhynchocyclus
parent taxon	Cossoninae is a true weevil subfamily in the family Curculionidae.	Cossoninae	Curculionidae
parent taxon	Amygdalum is a genus of saltwater mussels, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Mytilidae, the true mussels.	Amygdalum	Mytilidae
parent taxon	Dictyonellidae is a family of sponges from Halichondrida order.	Dictyonellidae	Halichondrida
parent taxon	Thereuopoda is a centipede genus in the family Scutigeridae.	Thereuopoda	Scutigeridae
parent taxon	Entylomella is a genus of smut fungi in the family Entylomataceae.	Entylomella	Entylomataceae
parent taxon	Wettsteinina is a genus of 23 fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.	Wettsteinina	Dothideomycetes
parent taxon	Icacinaceae sensu stricto consists of about 35 genera of lamiids and is not a monophyletic group.	Icacinaceae	lamiids
parent taxon	Geoglossaceae is a family of fungi in the order Geoglossales, class Geoglossomycetes.	Geoglossaceae	Geoglossales
parent taxon	The Dybowski's twinspot (Euschistospiza dybowskii) is a common species of estrildid finch found in Africa.	Dybowski's twinspot	Euschistospiza
parent taxon	The Sulawesi horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus celebensis) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Sulawesi horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	The Kanaka pigeon (Caloenas canacorum), also called the great green pigeon or greater maned pigeon, is extinct.	Kanaka pigeon	Caloenas
parent taxon	The Chinese leaf warbler is a brightly colored, small leaf-warbler, with a total length of around 10 cm and a wing length of 5-6 cm. Its body is slightly elongated and compact.	Chinese leaf warbler	leaf-warbler
parent taxon	Georissus, also called minute mud-loving beetles, is the only genus in the beetle family Georissidae (or Georyssidae).	Georissus	Georissidae
parent taxon	Yunnan fulvetta (Alcippe fratercula) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.	Yunnan fulvetta	Alcippe
parent taxon	Corvoidea is a superfamily of birds in the order of Passeriformes.	Corvoidea	Passeriformes
parent taxon	Gymnammodytes capensis (Barnard, 1927) (Cape sand lance) Gymnammodytes cicerelus (Rafinesque, 1810) (Mediterranean sand eel) Gymnammodytes semisquamatus (S. Jourdain, 1879) (smooth sand eel)	Gymnammodytes	sand lance
parent taxon	Fur seals are any of nine species of pinnipeds in the Otariidae family.	Fur seal	Otariidae
parent taxon	The Latona's shrew (Crocidura latona) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Latona's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Ruwenzori horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus ruwenzorii) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Ruwenzori horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Symphionema is a genus of two species of small shrubs in the protea family Proteaceae.	Symphionema	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Monechma is a genus of plant in family Acanthaceae, closely related to the genus Justicia.	Monechma	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	Corupella asperata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Corupella.	Corupella	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Hypoplectrus guttavarius is a Hamlet from the Western Central Atlantic.	Hypoplectrus guttavarius	Hamlet
parent taxon	The Orissa razorbelly minnow (Salmophasia orissaensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Salmophasia.	Orissa razorbelly minnow	Salmophasia
parent taxon	Uintascorpio is an extinct genus of scorpion in the family Buthidae and containing the single species Uintascorpio halandrasorum.	Uintascorpio	Buthidae
parent taxon	Monnea decora is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Monnea.	Monnea	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Mexican barred snapper, Hoplopagrus guentherii, is a species of snapper native to the Pacific coast of Central and northern South America from Mexico to Colombia.	Mexican barred snapper	Hoplopagrus
parent taxon	The Guerreran leopard frog (Rana omiltemana) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to the Sierra Madre del Sur in Guerrero, Mexico.	Guerreran leopard frog	Rana
parent taxon	Draba is a large genus of flowering plants in the cabbage family Brassicaceae (Cruciferae), commonly known as whitlow-grasses (though they are not related to the true grasses).	Draba	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	Misodendrum is placed in its own family, Misodendraceae, in the order Santalales.	Misodendrum	Misodendraceae
parent taxon	Chloroscombrus is a genus containing two species of tropical to temperate water marine fish in the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae.	Chloroscombrus	Carangidae
parent taxon	Melyridae (common name: soft-wing flower beetles) are a family of beetles of the superfamily Cleroidea.	Melyridae	Cleroidea
parent taxon	A phylogenetic analysis of archosaurs presented in an abstract found sister taxon relationship between Heptasuchus and Batrachotomus within Loricata, with a strong support of at least six shared discrete character states.	Heptasuchus	Loricata
parent taxon	The Indian golden oriole (Oriolus kundoo) is a species of oriole found in the Indian subcontinent and Central Asia.	Indian golden oriole	Oriolus
parent taxon	Heliomeroides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Cheiruridae), that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the United States.	Heliomeroides	Cheiruridae
parent taxon	Amygdaloideae is a subfamily within the flowering plant family Rosaceae.	Amygdaloideae	Rosaceae
parent taxon	The Lord Howe long-eared bat (Nyctophilus howensis) is a species of vesper bat.	Lord Howe long-eared bat	Nyctophilus
parent taxon	The Mediterranean killifish or South European toothcarp (Aphanius fasciatus) is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family.	Mediterranean killifish	Aphanius
parent taxon	Badecla is a Neotropical genus in the family Lycaenidae.	Badecla	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	The San Martín Island woodrat (Neotoma martinensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	San Martín Island woodrat	Neotoma
parent taxon	Stenopterus is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Cerambycinae.	Stenopterus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Pandalus is a genus of shrimp in the family Pandalidae.	Pandalus	Pandalidae
parent taxon	Stilbum is a genus of cuckoo wasp (the family Chrysididae).	Stilbum	Chrysididae
parent taxon	Cabestana is a genus of medium to large sea snails known as predatory whelks, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ranellidae, the (tritons).	Cabestana	Ranellidae
parent taxon	The Kofiau monarch or black-backed monarch (Symposiachrus julianae) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Kofiau monarch	Symposiachrus
parent taxon	Cribrospora is a genus of fungus in the order Agaricales.	Cribrospora	Agaricales
parent taxon	Alnus incana (grey alder or speckled alder) is a species of alder with a wide range across the cooler parts of the Northern Hemisphere.	Alnus incana	alder
parent taxon	Fuesslinia amoena is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Fuesslinia.	Fuesslinia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Erichsonia dentifrons is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Erichsonia.	Erichsonia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Urocordylinae belongs to the family Urocordylidae, which also includes the subfamily Sauropleurinae.	Urocordylinae	Urocordylidae
parent taxon	Discophyllitidae are discoidal, generally evolute Phylloceratina from the Upper Triassic, derived from the Ussuritidae, in which the principal saddles of the suture have bifurcated or trifurcated endings, described as being di- or triphyllic.	Discophyllitidae	Phylloceratina
parent taxon	Iuaca nigromaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Iuaca.	Iuaca	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Mount Carmel blind mole-rat (Spalax carmeli) is an extant species of subterranean rodent within the family Spalacidae, indigenous to northern Israel.	Mount Carmel blind mole-rat	Spalax
parent taxon	Maclaud's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus maclaudi) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Maclaud's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Cardiopteris is a genus of vines in the family Cardiopteridaceae described as a genus in 1834.	Cardiopteris	Cardiopteridaceae
parent taxon	The African cuckoo (Cuculus gularis) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	African cuckoo	Cuculus
parent taxon	The Amazonian black-breasted woodpecker (Celeus occidentalis) is a bird in the Picidae family.	Amazonian black-breasted woodpecker	Celeus
parent taxon	Daurian hedgehog (Mesechinus dauuricus) Hugh's hedgehog (Mesechinus hughi)	Mesechinus	hedgehog
parent taxon	Oxyacodon is an extinct genus of condylarth of the family Periptychidae endemic to North America during the Early Paleocene living from 66--63.3 mya, existing for approximately 2.7 million years.	Oxyacodon	Periptychidae
parent taxon	The Bali catshark (Atelomycterus baliensis) is a species of catshark, belonging to the family Scyliorhinidae, found only off the Indonesian island of Bali.	Bali catshark	Atelomycterus
parent taxon	Harrington's mountain goat (Oreamnos harringtoni) was a species of North American caprine that resided in the Southwest of the continent during the Pleistocene epoch.	Harrington's mountain goat	Oreamnos
parent taxon	Muggiaea is a genus of siphonophores in the family Diphyidae.	Muggiaea	Diphyidae
parent taxon	Opistoclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species Opistoclanis hawkeri, which is known from China (Yunnan), north-eastern Thailand, Laos and northern Vietnam, where it has been recorded at altitudes between 888 and 2,800 meters.	Opistoclanis	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Cypselurus is a genus of flying fish in the family Exocoetidae.	Cypselurus	flying fish
parent taxon	Ostracoberyx is a genus of shellskin alfonsinos, the only recognized genus in the family Ostracoberycidae.	Ostracoberyx	Ostracoberycidae
parent taxon	The Fiji petrel (Pseudobulweria macgillivrayi), also known as MacGillivray's petrel, is a small, dark gadfly petrel.	Fiji petrel	Pseudobulweria
parent taxon	Layard's palm squirrel or flame-striped jungle squirrel (Funambulus layardi) is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae endemic to Sri Lanka.	Layard's palm squirrel	Funambulus
parent taxon	The Flores monarch (Symposiachrus sacerdotum) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Flores monarch	Symposiachrus
parent taxon	The Atlantic white-sided dolphin (Lagenorhynchus acutus) is a distinctively coloured dolphin found in the cool to temperate waters of the North Atlantic Ocean.	Atlantic white-sided dolphin	Lagenorhynchus
parent taxon	The Drysdale grunter (Syncomistes rastellus) is a species of fish in the Terapontidae family.	Drysdale grunter	Syncomistes
parent taxon	Villarsia is a genus of aquatic flowering plants in the family Menyanthaceae.	Villarsia	Menyanthaceae
parent taxon	Echinobunus elegans is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Echinobunus	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Cubanola is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family, with large, showy, hanging flowers.	Cubanola	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Tuctoria is a genus of three species of grass in the family Poaceae.	Tuctoria	Poaceae
parent taxon	The American halfbeak (Hyporhamphus meeki) is a halfbeak from the Hemiramphidae family.	American halfbeak	Hyporhamphus
parent taxon	Calophaenoidea arrowi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Calophaenoidea.	Calophaenoidea	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Baja California leopard lizard (Gambelia copeii ) is a species of lizard.	Baja California leopard lizard	Gambelia
parent taxon	The Orinoco sword-nosed bat (Lonchorhina orinocensis) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	Orinoco sword-nosed bat	Lonchorhina
parent taxon	Cneorane is a leaf beetle genus in the family Chrysomelidae.	Cneorane	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	Robert's river garfish (Zenarchopterus robertsi) is a species of viviparous halfbeak endemic to Papua New Guinea where it is only known from the area around Kokoda.	Robert's river garfish	Zenarchopterus
parent taxon	The Corioxenidae are an insect family of the order Strepsiptera.	Corioxenidae	Strepsiptera
parent taxon	Cryptandra is a genus of shrub in the plant family Rhamnaceae.	Cryptandra	Rhamnaceae
parent taxon	Discocarpus is a genus of the plant family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1841.	Discocarpus	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	The Réunion cuckooshrike (Coracina newtoni) is a passerine bird in the cuckooshrike family.	Réunion cuckooshrike	Coracina
parent taxon	Acridocarpus (from Gr. Akris, a locust and carpos, a fruit, alluding to the winged fruit) is a genus of plant in family Malpighiaceae.	Acridocarpus	Malpighiaceae
parent taxon	Eogryllus is an extant genus of crickets in family Gryllidae.	Eogryllus	Gryllidae
parent taxon	Grapevine virus B is plant virus species in the genus Vitivirus.	Grapevine virus B	Vitivirus
parent taxon	Nepharinus goudiei is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae, the only species in the genus Nepharinus.	Nepharinus	Silvanidae
parent taxon	Narcosius is a genus in the family Hesperiidae (Eudaminae).	Narcosius	Eudaminae
parent taxon	Racomitrium is a genus of mosses in the family Grimmiaceae established in 1818 by Samuel Elisée Bridel-Brideri.	Racomitrium	Grimmiaceae
parent taxon	Actinokentia is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family, comprising two species, both indigenous to New Caledonia.	Actinokentia	Arecaceae
parent taxon	Ihlegramma is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing only one known species, Ihlegramma ihlei, which is known from Laos.	Ihlegramma	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Mycetophyllia is a genus of stony corals in the family Mussidae, commonly known as ridged cactus corals.	Mycetophyllia	Mussidae
parent taxon	The Mayr's forest rail (Rallina mayri) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Mayr's forest rail	Rallina
parent taxon	Heliconiini is a tribe of butterflies in the subfamily Heliconiinae, also known as the passion-vine butterflies.	Heliconiini	Heliconiinae
parent taxon	Cyphoma is a genus of predatory tropical sea snails, a taxonomic group of marine gastropod molluscs in the family Ovulidae, a family which is sometimes known as the false cowries or cowry allies.	Cyphoma	Ovulidae
parent taxon	Mammuthus meridionalis, or the southern mammoth, is an extinct species of mammoth endemic to Europe and central Asia from the Gelasian stage of the Early Pleistocene, living from 2.5--1.5 mya.	Mammuthus meridionalis	mammoth
parent taxon	The Indian long-eared hedgehog (Hemiechinus collaris) is a relatively small hedgehog (~17 cm, 200--500 grams) native to India.	Indian long-eared hedgehog	Hemiechinus
parent taxon	The Perissommatidae are a family of flies (Diptera) that was newly proposed in 1962.	Perissommatidae	Diptera
parent taxon	Antaplaga was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered to be a synonym of Plagiomimicus.	Antaplaga	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Streptococcaceae are a family of Gram-positive bacteria, placed within the order Lactobacillales.	Streptococcaceae	Lactobacillales
parent taxon	Culebrasuchus is thought to be the most basal member of Caimaninae, meaning that it represents the earliest radiation of caimans in the Americas.	Culebrasuchus	Caimaninae
parent taxon	Hume's whitethroat Sylvia althaea is a species of typical warbler.	Hume's whitethroat	Sylvia
parent taxon	Ailuridae are, in turn, part of a trichotomy within the broad superfamily Musteloidea (Flynn et al., 2001) that also includes the Procyonidae (raccoons) and a group that further subdivides into the Mephitidae (skunks) and Mustelidae (weasels); but it is not a bear (Ursidae).	Ailuridae	Musteloidea
parent taxon	The Pacific parrotlet (Forpus coelestis), also known as Lesson's parrotlet or the celestial parrotlet, is a species of small parrot in the Psittacidae family, native to Ecuador and Peru.	Pacific parrotlet	Forpus
parent taxon	Nymphargus is a relatively newly established (2007) genus of glass frogs in subfamily Centroleninae.	Nymphargus	Centroleninae
parent taxon	The Great Basin pocket mouse (Perognathus parvus) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.	Great Basin pocket mouse	Perognathus
parent taxon	Hyphodontia is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae (Schizoporaceae in Index Fungorum).	Hyphodontia	Hymenochaetaceae
parent taxon	Ascotaiwania is a genus of fungi in the Sordariomycetes class (subclass Sordariomycetidae) of the Ascomycota.	Ascotaiwania	Sordariomycetidae
parent taxon	Peloneustes (meaning 'mud swimmer') is an extinct genus of sauropterygian reptile belonging to the family Pliosauridae.	Peloneustes	Pliosauridae
parent taxon	Holconautilus is a Nautiloid genus from the family Tainoceratidae and order Nautilida, named by Mojsisovics, 1902, and known from Upper Triassic sediments in Europe and E Indies (Timor).	Holconautilus	Tainoceratidae
parent taxon	Oryxis monticola is a species of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Oryxis	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Ectobius is a genus of cockroaches native to Old World described by Stephens in 1835, belonging to the family Blattellidae, subfamily Ectobiinae.	Ectobius	Ectobiinae
parent taxon	The Mokohinau skink, (Oligosoma townsi, formerly Cyclodina townsi), is a species of skink in the family Scincidae.	Mokohinau skink	Oligosoma
parent taxon	Coleorrhyncha or Peloridiomorpha, also known as moss bugs or beetle bugs, are a suborder of Hemiptera and represent an ancient lineage of moss-feeding insects that evolved in the southern paleo-continent Gondwana.	Coleorrhyncha	Hemiptera
parent taxon	The Dlinza Forest pinwheel, scientific name Trachycystis clifdeni, is a species of very small, air-breathing, land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae.	Dlinza Forest pinwheel	Trachycystis
parent taxon	Pectis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1759.	Pectis	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The paraphyletic subgenus Sophophora of the genus Drosophila was first described by Alfred Sturtevant in 1939.	Sophophora	Drosophila
parent taxon	The Namaqua slender mongoose (Galerella sanguinea swalius), also known as the Namibian slender mongoose, is a subspecies of the slender mongoose.	Namaqua slender mongoose	Galerella
parent taxon	The Fitzroy River turtle (Rheodytes leukops) is a species of freshwater turtle in the Chelidae family.	Fitzroy River turtle	Rheodytes
parent taxon	Ameroduvalius jeanneli is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Ameroduvalius.	Ameroduvalius	Carabidae
parent taxon	Chapman's prehensile-tailed hutia or Gundlach's hutia (Mysateles gundlachi) is a species of rodent in the family Capromyidae.	Chapman's prehensile-tailed hutia	Mysateles
parent taxon	Potato yellow dwarf virus (PYDV) is a plant virus of order Mononegavirales, family Rhabdoviridae and genus Nucleorhabdovirus.	Potato yellow dwarf virus	Nucleorhabdovirus
parent taxon	This genus is part of the Loricariichthys group within the subfamily Loricariinae; this group also includes the genera Furcodontichthys, Hemiodontichthys, Limatulichthys, and Pseudoloricaria.	Loricariichthys	Loricariinae
parent taxon	The Pantanal cat (Leopardus braccatus) is a small feline of tropical South America.	Pantanal cat	Leopardus
parent taxon	Merocoremia monnei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Merocoremia.	Merocoremia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Phantasmiella is a genus of fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.	Phantasmiella	Tephritidae
parent taxon	Scissurelloidea is a taxonomic superfamily of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda.	Scissurelloidea	Vetigastropoda
parent taxon	Anelosimus is a cosmopolitan genus of cobweb spiders (Theridiidae), currently containing 64 species.	Anelosimus	Theridiidae
parent taxon	Bothynoproctus mattoensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae.	Bothynoproctus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Scaurotrechodes capensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Scaurotrechodes.	Scaurotrechodes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Pachycephalopsis is a genus of birds in the Petroicidae family that are found in New Guinea.	Pachycephalopsis	Petroicidae
parent taxon	Australiceras is an extinct ammonite genus from the upper part of the Early Cretaceous, Aptian stage, included in the Ancyloceratidae.	Australiceras	Ancyloceratidae
parent taxon	The Wunderlichioideae are a subfamily of flowering plants belonging to the family Asteraceae.	Wunderlichioideae	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Pomacentrus is a genus of marine damselfish in the family Pomacentridae.	Pomacentrus	Pomacentridae
parent taxon	The Vogelkop melidectes (Melidectes leucostephes) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Vogelkop melidectes	Melidectes
parent taxon	The African black duck (Anas sparsa) is a species of duck of the genus Anas.	African black duck	Anas
parent taxon	The Bengal monitor (Varanus bengalensis) or common Indian monitor, is a monitor lizard found widely distributed over the Indian Subcontinent, as well as parts of Southeast Asia and West Asia.	Bengal monitor	monitor lizard
parent taxon	The spider genus Steatoda, in the family Theridiidae, includes over 120 recognized species, distributed around the world (including many cosmopolitan species which are found among human populations worldwide).	Steatoda	Theridiidae
parent taxon	Many sources list Volvariella as a member of the Pluteaceae family, but recent DNA studies have revealed that Pluteus and Volvariella evolved separately and have very different DNA.	Volvariella	Pluteaceae
parent taxon	The Mexican deer mouse (Peromyscus mexicanus) is a species of forest-dwelling rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Mexican deer mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	The Trinidad euphonia (Euphonia trinitatis) is a species of bird in the Fringillidae family.	Trinidad euphonia	Euphonia
parent taxon	Pterogyne is a monotypic genus in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Pterogyne	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Bouchia clawed frog (Xenopus pygmaeus) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, and possibly the Republic of the Congo.	Bouchia clawed frog	Xenopus
parent taxon	The South American lungfish (Lepidosiren paradoxa) is the single species of lungfish found in swamps and slow-moving waters of the Amazon, Paraguay, and lower Paraná River basins in South America.	South American lungfish	Lepidosiren
parent taxon	The Bahama warbler (Setophaga flavescens) is a species of bird in the Parulidae family.	Bahama warbler	Setophaga
parent taxon	Chamaexeros is a genus of tufted perennial herbs in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Lomandroideae (formerly family Laxmanniaceae).	Chamaexeros	Lomandroideae
parent taxon	Ocnogyna is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family from Western Eurasia.	Ocnogyna	Arctiidae
parent taxon	Oecophylla smaragdina (common names include weaver ant, green ant, green tree ant, and orange gaster) is a species of arboreal ant found in Asia and Australia.	Oecophylla smaragdina	weaver ant
parent taxon	Phyllanthus is the largest genus in the flowering plant family Phyllanthaceae.	Phyllanthus	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	Tuiharpalus is a genus of beetle in the family Carabidae, endemic to New Zealand, where it occurs only in Northland and on the Three Kings Islands.	Tuiharpalus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Amanses scopas also known as the Broom filefish is a filefish, the only species in the genus Amanses of the family Monacanthidae.	Broom filefish	Amanses
parent taxon	Bowkeria is a genus of flowering plants in the family Stilbaceae described as a genus in 1839.	Bowkeria	Stilbaceae
parent taxon	Shilinotrechus fusiformis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Shilinotrechus.	Shilinotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Somali golden mole (Calcochloris tytonis) is a golden mole endemic to Somalia.	Somali golden mole	Calcochloris
parent taxon	Lesson's seedeater (Sporophila bouvronides) is a bird species in the family Thraupidae (formerly in Emberizidae).	Lesson's seedeater	Sporophila
parent taxon	Tenuipalpus is genus of mites in the family Tenuipalpidae, containing the following species:	Tenuipalpus	Tenuipalpidae
parent taxon	Tomellana is a genus of sea snail marine gastropod mollusks in the family Clavatulidae.	Tomellana	Clavatulidae
parent taxon	The Short-tailed pipefish, (Microphis brachyurus), is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family.	Short-tailed pipefish	Microphis
parent taxon	The Asian barbastelle or eastern barbastelle (Barbastella leucomelas) is a species of vesper bat.	Asian barbastelle	Barbastella
parent taxon	The Congo white-toothed shrew (Crocidura congobelgica) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Congo white-toothed shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Taylor's catfish (Arius taylori) is a species of fish in the Ariidae family.	Taylor's catfish	Arius
parent taxon	The Podocopida are an order of ostracods in the subclass Podocopa.	Podocopida	Podocopa
parent taxon	The Mexican spiny pocket mouse (Liomys irroratus) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.	Mexican spiny pocket mouse	Liomys
parent taxon	Abert's squirrel (or tassel-eared squirrel) (Sciurus aberti) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to the Rocky Mountains from United States to Mexico, with concentrations found in Arizona, the Grand Canyon, New Mexico, and southwestern Colorado.	Abert's squirrel	Sciurus
parent taxon	In 2000, Molecular analysis of several species of Lulworthia and Lindra led to the reassignment of their parent genera to the new order Lulworthiales in addition to the new family Lulworthiaceae.	Lulworthiaceae	Lulworthiales
parent taxon	Holyoakia is a genus of very small (up to 7½ mm long) trilobites of the Dorypygidae family, from the late Lower Cambrian (Late Botonian) of South Australia and Antarctica.	Holyoakia	Dorypygidae
parent taxon	Abacá (/ɑːbəˈkɑː/ ah-bə-KAH; Spanish: abacá (aβaˈka)), binomial name Musa textilis, is a species of banana native to the Philippines, grown as a commercial crop in the Philippines, Ecuador, and Costa Rica.	Abacá	Musa
parent taxon	Celery mosaic virus (CeMV) is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potyvirus and the virus family Potyviridae .	Celery mosaic virus	Potyvirus
parent taxon	Chauna is a genus of birds in the screamer family.	Chauna	screamer
parent taxon	The Lake Mackay hare-wallaby (Lagorchestes asomatus), also known as the central hare-wallaby or kuluwarri, is an extinct species of macropod formerly found in central Australia.	Lake Mackay hare-wallaby	Lagorchestes
parent taxon	Enneapterygius rufopileus, known commonly as the Redcap triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Redcap triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	Alocolytoceras belongs to the lytoceratid subfamily Alocolytoceratinae, which also includes Pachylytoceras and Pleurolytoceras.	Alocolytoceras	Alocolytoceratinae
parent taxon	Phodopus, a genus of rodents in the hamster subfamily Cricetinae--a division of the larger family Cricetidae--is a lineage of small hamsters native to central Asia that display unusual adaptations to extreme temperatures.	Phodopus	Cricetinae
parent taxon	The Families Symmoriidae, Stethacanthidae and Falcatidae are included within the Order Symmoriida and form a monophyletic group.	Stethacanthidae	Symmoriida
parent taxon	The Honduran fruit-eating bat (Artibeus inopinatus) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	Honduran fruit-eating bat	Artibeus
parent taxon	Adesmoides flava is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Adesmoides.	Adesmoides	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Unipeltoceras is an extinct ammonite genus included in the perisphictacian family, Aspidoceratidae, and a member of the subfamily Peltoceratinae, that lived during the Callovian stage, late in the Middle Jurassic.	Unipeltoceras	Aspidoceratidae
parent taxon	Anteoninae are a subfamily of Dryinidae.	Anteoninae	Dryinidae
parent taxon	Indeed in 1997 David Unwin determined that Zhejiangopterus was more closely related to this giant American form and thus belonged to the Azhdarchidae.	Zhejiangopterus	Azhdarchidae
parent taxon	Anavirga is a genus of three anamorphic fungi in the family Vibrisseaceae.	Anavirga	Vibrisseaceae
parent taxon	Burmeister's tree frog, Hypsiboas prasinus, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.	Burmeister's tree frog	Hypsiboas
parent taxon	The Edwards's fig parrot (Psittaculirostris edwardsii), also known as the scarlet-cheeked fig parrot, is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.	Edwards's fig parrot	Psittaculirostris
parent taxon	Amphibromus is a genus of grasses in the Poaceae family.	Amphibromus	Poaceae
parent taxon	The Galapagos hawk (Buteo galapagoensis) is a large hawk endemic to the Galapagos Islands.	Galapagos hawk	Buteo
parent taxon	The Kenyan wattled bat (Glauconycteris kenyacola) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Kenyan wattled bat	Glauconycteris
parent taxon	Curmuca barb (Hypselobarbus curmuca) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hypselobarbus.	Curmuca barb	Hypselobarbus
parent taxon	Turcicornis kopeckyi is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the only species in the genus Turcicornis.	Turcicornis	Dermestidae
parent taxon	The Western dwarf gecko, Lygodactylus guibei, is a small species of gecko endemic to Madagascar.	Western dwarf gecko	Lygodactylus
parent taxon	Almaleea is a genus of perennial shrubs from the legume family Fabaceae native to Australia.	Almaleea	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Abylidae are a family of marine invertebrates in the order Siphonophora.	Abylidae	Siphonophora
parent taxon	The Pernambuco foliage-gleaner (Automolus lammi) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Pernambuco foliage-gleaner	Automolus
parent taxon	The Réunion harrier or Réunion marsh harrier (Circus maillardi) is a bird of prey belonging to the marsh harrier group of harriers.	Réunion harrier	Circus
parent taxon	Eodindymene is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Sweden.	Eodindymene	Phacopida
parent taxon	Geoffroy's tailless bat (Anoura geoffroyi) is a species of phyllostomid bat from the American tropics.	Geoffroy's tailless bat	Anoura
parent taxon	The Malabar lark, or Malabar crested lark (Galerida malabarica) is a sedentary breeding bird in western India.	Malabar lark	Galerida
parent taxon	Platythomisus is a genus of flattened crab spiders (family Thomisidae) from Africa and Southern Asia.	Platythomisus	Thomisidae
parent taxon	Cerithiopsina is a genus of very small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae.	Cerithiopsina	Cerithiopsidae
parent taxon	Termitotroginae is a monotypic subfamily of the family Scarabaeidae, the scarab beetles.	Termitotroginae	Scarabaeidae
parent taxon	Stockoceros is an extinct genus of the North American artiodactyl family Antilocapridae, known from Mexico and the southwestern United States.	Stockoceros	Antilocapridae
parent taxon	Guinean puffer, Sphoeroides marmoratus, is a species in the family Tetraodontidae, or pufferfishes.	Guinean puffer	Sphoeroides
parent taxon	The Cottidae are a family of fish in the superfamily Cottoidea, the sculpins.	Cottidae	Cottoidea
parent taxon	The Sira barbet (Capito wallacei fitzpatricki) is a bird inhabiting the remote eastern Andes of Ucayali Department, Peru, that was discovered on a 2008 expedition.	Sira barbet	Capito
parent taxon	Helcogramma chica, known commonly as the Little hooded triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma.	Little hooded triplefin	Helcogramma
parent taxon	Swietenia is a genus of trees in the chinaberry family, Meliaceae.	Swietenia	Meliaceae
parent taxon	The Gomphidiaceae are a family of mushroom-forming fungi in the order Boletales.	Gomphidiaceae	Boletales
parent taxon	The Talaud flying fox or Talaud fruit bat (Acerodon humilis) is a species of bat in the family Pteropodidae.	Talaud flying fox	Acerodon
parent taxon	Ampelomeryx is an extinct genus of herbivorous even-toed ungulate mammal belonging to the family Palaeomerycidae Ampelomeryx was named by Duranthon et al.	Ampelomeryx	Palaeomerycidae
parent taxon	The Vietnam mouse-deer (Tragulus versicolor), also known as the silver-backed chevrotain, is a species of even-toed ungulate in the family Tragulidae that at present only is known from Vietnam.	Vietnam mouse-deer	Tragulus
parent taxon	The European golden plover (Pluvialis apricaria), also known as the Eurasian golden plover or just the golden plover within Europe, is a largish plover.	European golden plover	Pluvialis
parent taxon	The Japanese rat snake (Elaphe climacophora) is a medium-sized snake found throughout the Japanese archipelago (except the far South West).	Japanese rat snake	Elaphe
parent taxon	Atharsus nigricauda is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Atharsus.	Atharsus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Apoclausirion nigricorne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Apoclausirion.	Apoclausirion	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Circlotoma is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Tornidae within the superfamily Truncatelloidea.	Circlotoma	Tornidae
parent taxon	Omalonyx is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Succineidae, the amber snails.	Omalonyx	Succineidae
parent taxon	Cobosesta mandli is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Cobosesta.	Cobosesta	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Tsushima brown frog (Rana tsushimensis) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Tsushima brown frog	Rana
parent taxon	Babelomurex cariniferus is present from the Mediterranean Sea to the West Africa (Canaries, Cape Verde, Angola) This species (as junior synonym Latiaxis babelis) is listed in the IUCN Red List, because it is thought to be endemic to Malta.	Babelomurex cariniferus	Latiaxis
parent taxon	Odontochile is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, family Dalmanitidae.	Odontochile	Dalmanitidae
parent taxon	Bachman's warbler, (Vermivora bachmanii), was a small passerine migratory bird that is probably extinct.	Bachman's warbler	Vermivora
parent taxon	The Sakarya toothcarp (Aphanius villwocki) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinodontidae family.	Sakarya toothcarp	Aphanius
parent taxon	Electric catfish is the common name for the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Malapteruridae.	Electric catfish	Siluriformes
parent taxon	The São Tomé spinetail (Zoonavena thomensis) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	São Tomé spinetail	Zoonavena
parent taxon	Lissemys is a genus of turtles of the family Trionychidae.	Lissemys	Trionychidae
parent taxon	Spotted pipefish, Nerophis maculatus, is a species of Pipefishes, found in the Eastern Atlantic:	Spotted pipefish	Nerophis
parent taxon	The Argentine ant, Linepithema humile (formerly Iridomyrmex humilis), is an ant native to northern Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, and southern Brazil.	Argentine ant	Linepithema
parent taxon	The Japanese thrush (Turdus cardis) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Japanese thrush	Turdus
parent taxon	Kloss's gibbon (Hylobates klossii), also known as the Mentawai gibbon or the bilou, is a primate in the gibbon family, Hylobatidae.	Kloss's gibbon	Hylobates
parent taxon	Falconeria is a monotypic plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae, first described as a genus in 1839.	Falconeria	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Kolombatovic's long-eared bat (Plecotus kolombatovici), also known as the Mediterranean long-eared bat, is a species of bat native to Albania, Algeria, Croatia, Cyprus, Greece (Kriti), Italy, Lebanon, Libya, Malta, Morocco, Serbia, Tunisia, and Turkey.	Kolombatovic's long-eared bat	Plecotus
parent taxon	Peripristus ater is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Peripristus.	Peripristus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Botryorhiza is a genus of rust fungi in the Chaconiaceae family.	Botryorhiza	Chaconiaceae
parent taxon	Littledale's whistling rat (Parotomys littledalei) is one of two species of Murid rodent in the genus Parotomys.	Littledale's whistling rat	Parotomys
parent taxon	The Chickasaw darter (Etheostoma cervus) is a species of darter endemic to the Forked Deer River system in western Tennessee, where is an inhabitant of smaller streams.	Chickasaw darter	Etheostoma
parent taxon	Cyclura is a genus of lizards from the family Iguanidae.	Cyclura	Iguanidae
parent taxon	Lunulicardia is a genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Cardiidae, the cockles.	Lunulicardia	Cardiidae
parent taxon	Lobelioideae is a subfamily of the plant family Campanulaceae.	Lobelioideae	Campanulaceae
parent taxon	Edith's leaf-eared mouse (Graomys edithae) is a species of rodentin the family Cricetidae.	Edith's leaf-eared mouse	Graomys
parent taxon	Coryphospingus was formerly classified in the family Emberizidae along with the buntings and American sparrows.	Coryphospingus	Emberizidae
parent taxon	Citrus tristeza virus (CTV) is a viral species of the Closterovirus genus that causes the most economically damaging disease to its namesake plant genus, Citrus.	Citrus tristeza virus	Closterovirus
parent taxon	Dryotribini is a beetle tribe in subfamily Cossoninae.	Dryotribini	Cossoninae
parent taxon	Crambinae is a large subfamily of the lepidopteran family Crambidae, the crambid snout moths.	Crambinae	Crambidae
parent taxon	Hinde's lesser house bat (Scotoecus hindei) is a species of vesper bat.	Hinde's lesser house bat	Scotoecus
parent taxon	Orphnoxanthus microps is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Orphnoxanthus.	Orphnoxanthus	Xanthidae
parent taxon	The Sumatran trogon (Apalharpactes mackloti) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family.	Sumatran trogon	Apalharpactes
parent taxon	Ptiolina is a genus of snipe fly of the family Rhagionidae,.	Ptiolina	Rhagionidae
parent taxon	Colynthaea coriacea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Colynthaea.	Colynthaea	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Crocus ancyrensis, sometimes known as the Ankara crocus, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae, endemic to North and central Turkey.	Crocus ancyrensis	crocus
parent taxon	Thectophila is a genus of moths in the Cosmopterigidae family, although some sources place it in the Blastodacnidae family.	Thectophila	Cosmopterigidae
parent taxon	The Usambara hyliota (Hyliota usambara) is a species of Hyliota.	Usambara hyliota	Hyliota
parent taxon	Pseudaglossa was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered to be a synonym of Idia.	Pseudaglossa	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Syndyodosuchus is an extinct genus of stereospondylomorph temnospondyl within the family Actinodontidae.	Syndyodosuchus	Actinodontidae
parent taxon	Portea is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae, and is native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil.	Portea	Bromelioideae
parent taxon	Angelonia is a genus of about 30 species which occur from Mexico to Argentina and is classified in the Plantaginaceae.	Angelonia	Plantaginaceae
parent taxon	The Cameroon olive greenbul (Phyllastrephus poensis) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.	Cameroon olive greenbul	Phyllastrephus
parent taxon	Bovine coronavirus (BCV) is as a member of the Coronaviridae family which are enveloped, single-stranded, positive-sense RNA viruses with a club-shaped surface.	Bovine coronavirus	Coronaviridae
parent taxon	Scutavirus is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Alphaherpesvirinae.	Scutavirus	Alphaherpesvirinae
parent taxon	The Hispaniolan amazon or Hispaniolan parrot (Amazona ventralis) is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.	Hispaniolan amazon	Amazona
parent taxon	Pilidiostigma is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the myrtle family Myrtaceae.	Pilidiostigma	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	The Paria brush finch (Arremon phygas) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.	Paria brush finch	Arremon
parent taxon	Nicotianoideae is a subfamily within the family Solanaceae.	Nicotianoideae	Solanaceae
parent taxon	Girardia is a genus of freshwater triclad belonging to the Dugesiidae family.	Girardia	Dugesiidae
parent taxon	The Arfak honeyeater or bare-eyed honeyeater (Melipotes gymnops) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Arfak honeyeater	Melipotes
parent taxon	Orchestes is a genus of beetles either classified in the subfamily Rhynchaeninae or in the tribe Rhamphini of the subfamily Curculioninae, of the family Curculionidae.	Orchestes	Curculionidae
parent taxon	The Gila topminnow or charalito (Poeciliopsis occidentalis) is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family.	Gila topminnow	Poeciliopsis
parent taxon	The Tennessee heelsplitter, Lasmigona holstonia, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae.	Tennessee heelsplitter	Lasmigona
parent taxon	Pediculariidae is a family of small to large predatory or parasitic sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cypraeoidea, the cowries and the cowry allies.	Pediculariidae	Cypraeoidea
parent taxon	Paracanthoisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral within the Isididae family.	Paracanthoisis	Isididae
parent taxon	Pelican barracudas (Sphyraena idiastes) are found in temperate coastal and oceanic waters.	Pelican barracuda	Sphyraena
parent taxon	Hardy's skink, Cyclodina hardyi, is a species of skink of the family Scincidae.	Hardy's skink	Cyclodina
parent taxon	Adenophora is a genus of flowering plants in the family Campanulaceae, the bellflowers.	Adenophora	Campanulaceae
parent taxon	The Bougainville thicketbird (Megalurulus llaneae) is a bird species.	Bougainville thicketbird	Megalurulus
parent taxon	The Kokoda glass perchlet (Tetracentrum caudovittatus) is a species of fish in the Ambassidae family.	Kokoda glass perchlet	Tetracentrum
parent taxon	Henriquezia is a genus of three species of shrubs or trees in the family Rubiaceae, sometimes classified as Henriqueziaceae, native to Amazon basin.	Henriquezia	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Epaspidoceras is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus belonging to the order Ammonitida, family Aspidoceratidae.	Epaspidoceras	Aspidoceratidae
parent taxon	The Shrimp flounder (Gastropsetta frontalis) is a species of large-tooth flounder, the only member of its genus Gastropsetta.	Shrimp flounder	Gastropsetta
parent taxon	The Kerguelen tern (Sterna virgata) is a tern of the southern hemisphere.	Kerguelen tern	Sterna
parent taxon	Crepidogastrinus kochi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Crepidogastrinus.	Crepidogastrinus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Livingstone's flycatcher (Erythrocercus livingstonei) is a species of bird in the Erythrocercidae family.	Livingstone's flycatcher	Erythrocercus
parent taxon	Olszanowski's black-kneed katydid (Aprosphylus olszanowskii) is a species of katydid that is endemic to the Western Cape and Northern Cape provinces of South Africa.	Olszanowski's black-kneed katydid	Aprosphylus
parent taxon	The Malaysian plover (Charadrius peronii) is a small (ca. 35--42 g) wader that nests on beaches and salt flats in Southeast Asia.	Malaysian plover	Charadrius
parent taxon	The family Ranunculaceae is included in the Ranunculales which is the sole order of the Ranunculanae, a superorder of eudicots according to APG 3 systematics.	Ranunculaceae	Ranunculales
parent taxon	Cyrtostachys is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae (palms) family.	Cyrtostachys	Arecaceae
parent taxon	Radiodiscus is a genus of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae.	Radiodiscus	Charopidae
parent taxon	Pyramidobela is a genus of insects which is mostly placed in the Oecophoridae family.	Pyramidobela	Oecophoridae
parent taxon	Raghuva was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Heliocheilus.	Raghuva	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Musso's fish-eating rat (Neusticomys mussoi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Musso's fish-eating rat	Neusticomys
parent taxon	Phrynorhombus norvegicus, the Norwegian topknot, is a species of turbot native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.	Norwegian topknot	Phrynorhombus
parent taxon	Grandidier's tufted-tailed rat (Eliurus grandidieri) is a species of rodent from the family Nesomyidae.	Grandidier's tufted-tailed rat	Eliurus
parent taxon	The Buru white-eye (Zosterops buruensis) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Buru white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Zavrelimyia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the family Chironomidae.	Zavrelimyia	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Leopoldia is a genus of bulbous perennials in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae.	Leopoldia	Scilloideae
parent taxon	Erythrococca is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae, first described in 1849.	Erythrococca	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Hildoceras is a genus of ammonite form the Jurassic in the family Hildoceratidae.	Hildoceras	Hildoceratidae
parent taxon	The Homalonychidae are a very small spider family with three described species in one genus, Homalonychus.	Homalonychus	spider
parent taxon	The Maranon pigeon (Patagioenas oenops) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Maranon pigeon	Patagioenas
parent taxon	Ariadnaria is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Capulidae, the cap snails.	Ariadnaria	Capulidae
parent taxon	Phloeipsius fraudator is a species of beetle in the family Laemophloeidae, the only species in the genus Phloeipsius.	Phloeipsius	Laemophloeidae
parent taxon	Mordelloxena anaspoides is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Mordelloxena.	Mordelloxena	Mordellidae
parent taxon	Lampsilis powellii is a rare species of freshwater mussel known by the common name Arkansas fatmucket.	Arkansas fatmucket	Lampsilis
parent taxon	Gehringia olympica is a species of ground beetle (family Carabidae), the only species in the genus Gehringia.	Gehringia	Carabidae
parent taxon	Dryadaula are a genus of moths, belonging to the family Tineidae.	Dryadaula	Tineidae
parent taxon	Abrotrichini, also known as the Andean clade or southern Andean clade, is a tribe of rodents in the subfamily Sigmodontinae.	Abrotrichini	Sigmodontinae
parent taxon	Austrobuxus is a genus of plants under the family Picrodendraceae first described as a genus in 1861.	Austrobuxus	Picrodendraceae
parent taxon	The Seram masked owl (Tyto almae) is an owl species in the Tytonidae family endemic to Seram Island in Indonesia.	Seram masked owl	Tyto
parent taxon	Bafutyphlus tsacasi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Bafutyphlus.	Bafutyphlus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Chrysura refulgens is a species of cuckoo wasp (the family Chrysididae).	Chrysura refulgens	Chrysididae
parent taxon	Hypodaphnis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants belonging to the Lauraceae family.	Hypodaphnis	Lauraceae
parent taxon	The Australian painted lady (Vanessa kershawi) butterfly is mostly confined to Australia, although westerly winds have dispersed it to islands east of Australia, including New Zealand.	Australian painted lady	Vanessa
parent taxon	Mesanthemum is a genus of plants in the Eriocaulaceae, first described in 1856.	Mesanthemum	Eriocaulaceae
parent taxon	Grant's rock mouse or Grant's rock rat (Aethomys granti) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found only in South Africa.	Grant's rock mouse	Aethomys
parent taxon	Proraphidia is a genus of snakefly in the extinct family Mesoraphidiidae.	Proraphidia	Mesoraphidiidae
parent taxon	The Adriatic sturgeon (Acipenser naccarii) is a species of fish in the Acipenseridae family.	Adriatic sturgeon	Acipenser
parent taxon	Kinosterninae is a subfamily of the family Kinosternidae, a family of aquatic turtles.	Kinosterninae	Kinosternidae
parent taxon	The Platte River caddisfly (Ironoquia plattensis) is a small, moth-like insect found in backwaters along rivers in Nebraska.	Platte River caddisfly	Ironoquia
parent taxon	The Entiminae are a large subfamily in the weevil family Curculionidae, containing most of the short-nosed weevils, including such genera as Otiorhynchus, Phyllobius, and Sitona.	Entiminae	Curculionidae
parent taxon	Dysdercus is a widespread genus of true bugs in the family Pyrrhocoridae, commonly referred to as ``cotton stainers'' or ``red cotton bugs''.	Dysdercus	Pyrrhocoridae
parent taxon	Oedoparena is a small genus of flies from the family Dryomyzidae.	Oedoparena	Dryomyzidae
parent taxon	The Macedonian mouse (Mus macedonicus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Macedonian mouse	Mus
parent taxon	Dendrocitta is a genus of long-tailed passerine birds in the crow and jay family, Corvidae.	Dendrocitta	Corvidae
parent taxon	Gamblea is a genus of plants of family Araliaceae, comprising four species.	Gamblea	Araliaceae
parent taxon	Anoplognathus prasinus, commonly known as the green Christmas beetle, is a beetle of the family Scarabaeidae native to eastern Australia.	Anoplognathus prasinus	Christmas beetle
parent taxon	The Taiwan rosefinch (Carpodacus formosanus) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Taiwan rosefinch	Carpodacus
parent taxon	Acanthospermum is a genus of plants in the family Asteraceae, also known as Starburrs or Starburs.	Acanthospermum	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Reichard's seedeater was formerly placed in the genus Serinus but phylogenetic analysis using mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences found that the genus was polyphyletic.	Reichard's seedeater	Serinus
parent taxon	Rhinanthus (rattle) is a genus of annual hemiparasitic herbaceous plants in the family Orobanchaceae, formerly classified in the family Scrophulariaceae.	Rhinanthus	Orobanchaceae
parent taxon	Wagner's bonneted bat or Wagner's mastiff bat (Eumops glaucinus), is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.	Wagner's bonneted bat	Eumops
parent taxon	The Ruwenzori double-collared sunbird (Cinnyris stuhlmanni) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Ruwenzori double-collared sunbird	Cinnyris
parent taxon	The Newell's shearwater or Hawaiian shearwater (Puffinus newelli) is a seabird belonging to the genus Puffinus in the family Procellariidae.	Newell's shearwater	Puffinus
parent taxon	Genus Melanophila belongs to the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:	Melanophila	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Ericoideae is a subfamily of Ericaceae, containing nineteen genera, and 1,790 species, the largest of which is Rhododendron, followed by Erica.	Ericoideae	Ericaceae
parent taxon	Coladenia is a genus of spread-winged skippers in the family Hesperiidae.	Coladenia	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Lentorbis is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Lentorbis	Planorbidae
parent taxon	The Spanish painted frog (Discoglossus jeanneae, in Spanish sapillo pintojo meridional) is a species of frog in the family Alytidae (formerly Discoglossidae).	Spanish painted frog	Discoglossus
parent taxon	Xuriella is a small spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).	Xuriella	Salticidae
parent taxon	The Neuse River waterdog, Necturus lewisi, is a medium-sized newt, family Proteidae, found in two rivers of North Carolina.	Neuse River waterdog	Necturus
parent taxon	Zophobas is a genus of beetles in the family Tenebrionidae, the darkling beetles.	Zophobas	Tenebrionidae
parent taxon	Giraffaphaenops clarkei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Giraffaphaenops.	Giraffaphaenops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Spounalikevirus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Myoviridae, in the subfamily Spounavirinae.	Spounalikevirus	Spounavirinae
parent taxon	Chotecops is a genus of trilobites from the order Phacopida, suborder Phacopina, family Phacopidae.	Chotecops	Phacopidae
parent taxon	Bhutanotrechus reflexicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Bhutanotrechus.	Bhutanotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Camya is an extinct genus of early bivalve and is the only genus in the extinct family Camyidae.	Camya	Camyidae
parent taxon	Butea is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the pea family, Fabaceae.	Butea	Fabaceae
place of death	Hendrik Pothoven (Amsterdam, 25 December 1725 -- Den Haag, 29 January 1807) was an 18th-century drawer and painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Hendrik Pothoven	Amsterdam
place of death	Robert Hoe III (10 March 1839 New York City -- 22 September 1909 London) was an American businessman and producer of printing press equipment.	Robert Hoe III	London
place of death	Daniel Hulet (25 August 1945 Etterbeek - 9 September 2011 Ostend) was a Belgian cartoonist.	Daniel Hulet	Ostend
place of death	François Poullain de la Barre (French: (də la baʁ); born 1647 in Paris, France, died 1725 in Geneva, Republic of Geneva), was a writer, Cartesian and feminist philosopher.	François Poullain de la Barre	Geneva
place of death	Francesco Coppola (born September 27, 1878, Naples, Italy; died 1957, Anacapri, Italy) was prominent Italian journalist and politician in the twentieth century who associated with Italian nationalism and later Italian Fascism.	Francesco Coppola	Anacapri
place of death	Willy Reetz was born and died in Düsseldorf, where he started his career as an apprentice with a church painter.	Willy Reetz	Düsseldorf
place of death	Demofilo Fidani (born February 8, 1914, Rome, Lazio; d. March 1994) was a prolific Italian film director who specialized in spaghetti westerns and used many different pseudonyms such as Miles Deem.	Demofilo Fidani	Rome
place of death	Fjölnir was said to have drowned in a vat of mead while visiting Peace-Fróði, a similarly-legendary king of Zealand, the Danish island.	Fjölnir	Zealand
place of death	A native of the Flemish Brabant deelgemeente (part-municipality) of Neerlinter, Alphonse Schepers died in Tienen at the age of 77.	Alphonse Schepers	Tienen
place of death	Jan Willem van Borselen (20 September 1825, Gouda - 24 September 1892, The Hague) was a Dutch landscape painter, often associated with the Hague School.	Jan Willem van Borselen	The Hague
place of death	Fra' Adrien de Wignacourt (1618--1697) was the 63rd Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta from 1690 to 1697.	Adrien de Wignacourt	Malta
place of death	Saint Pietro Parenzo was a mayor (Italian: podestà) of the Italian Comune of Orvieto during the 12th century.	Pietro Parenzo	Orvieto
place of death	Ödön Zombori, originally Ödön Janicsek (22 September 1906 in Szenta - 29 November 1989 in Budapest) was a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.	Ödön Zombori	Budapest
place of death	Guillaume Landré (24 February 1905 in The Hague -- 6 November 1968 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch composer of operas, 4 symphonies, and chamber music.	Guillaume Landré	Amsterdam
place of death	Nano Nagle also known as `` Lady with the Lantern'', was born in Ballygriffen, County Cork, in 1718, the daughter of Garret and Ann Mathews Nagle.	Nano Nagle	Cork
place of death	Théobald Dillon (1745, Dublin -- 1792, near Lille) was count of Dillon and an Irish-born general in the French army.	Théobald Dillon	Lille
place of death	Peter Derek Vaughan Prince (14 August 1915, Bangalore -- 24 September 2003, Jerusalem) was a Bible teacher whose daily radio programme Derek Prince Legacy Radio broadcasts around the world in various languages.	Derek Prince	Jerusalem
place of death	August Kościesza-Żaba (1801 in Krāslava -- 3 January 1894 in İzmir), from coat of arms of Kościesza, was a Polish orientalist, diplomatist in Russian service.	August Kościesza-Żaba	İzmir
place of death	Crijn Hendricksz Volmarijn (1601 in Rotterdam -- 1645 in Rotterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Crijn Hendricksz Volmarijn	Rotterdam
place of death	George Geldorp (1580/1595, Cologne -- 4 November 1665, London) was a Flemish painter who was mainly active in England where he was known for his portraits and history paintings.	George Geldorp	London
place of death	Manuel Sacristán Luzón (born Madrid, 1925, died Barcelona, 1985) was a Spanish philosopher and writer.	Manuel Sacristán	Barcelona
place of death	Eugenio Novo Neira known as Uxío Novoneyra (b. Parada de Moreda, Courel, 19 January 1930-d. Santiago de Compostela, 30 October 1999) was a Galician poet, journalist and writer of children's literature from Galicia, Spain.	Uxío Novoneyra	Santiago de Compostela
place of death	Otto Kron quickly rose through the ranks of the SS and by 1935 he had been selected to become an officer and was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) and was assigned to the SS-Totenkopfverbände (concentration camps guards) in Oberbayern at Dachau concentration camp in 1937 and 1938.	Otto Kron	Dachau
place of death	Sydir Vorobkevych was born 18 May 1836 in Chernivtsi to a family of Orthodox priests and theologians.	Sydir Vorobkevych	Chernivtsi
place of death	Fredric Westin (22 September 1782, Stockholm - 13 May 1862, Stockholm) was a Swedish history and portrait painter.	Fredric Westin	Stockholm
place of death	Johan Palmstruch (1611 in Riga -- 1671 in Stockholm; named Johan Wittmacher before he was ennobled) was a Dutch merchant credited with the introduction of paper money to Europe.	Johan Palmstruch	Stockholm
place of death	On July 22, 1951, while on a military and diplomatic trip to Europe, Admiral Forrest Sherman died in Naples, Italy, following a sudden series of heart attacks.	Forrest Sherman	Naples
place of death	Georg von Rosen (13 February 1843, Paris - 3 March 1923, Stockholm), was a Swedish painter, known for his treatment of subjects from Swedish history and Norse mythology.	Georg von Rosen	Stockholm
place of death	Max Bockmühl (born 2 September 1882 in Barmen; died 5 January 1949 in Bad Soden am Taunus) was a German inventor and chemist.	Max Bockmühl	Bad Soden
place of death	Rudolf von Roth (born Walter Rudolph Roth on 3 April 1821 in Stuttgart; died 23 June 1895 in Tübingen) was a German Indologist, founder of the Vedic philology.	Rudolf von Roth	Tübingen
place of death	Erzsébet Schaár (29 July 1905, Budafok -- 29 August 1975, Budapest) was a Hungarian sculptor.	Erzsébet Schaár	Budapest
place of death	Jean Rédélé (May 17, 1922, Dieppe, Seine-Maritime -- August 10, 2007 Paris), was an automotive pioneer, pilot and founder of the French automotive brand Alpine.	Jean Rédélé	Paris
place of death	Mykola Burachek (or Buraček, Ukrainian: Микола Бурачек) (March 16, 1871 in Letychiv, Podillia Guberniya (now Khmelnytskyi Oblast) -- August 12, 1942 in Kharkiv) was a Ukrainian Impressionist painter and pedagogue.	Mykola Burachek	Kharkiv
place of death	Ferdinand Hanusch, also spelled in French Ferdinand Hannouche, (November 9, 1866, in Obersdorf bei Wigstadtl, Austrian Silesia (now Horní Ves nearby Vítkov, Czech Republic) - September 28, 1923, in Vienna, Austria) was an Austrian socialist politician.	Ferdinand Hanusch	Vienna
place of death	Běla Kolářová née Helclová (24 March 1923 in Terezín -- 12 April 2010 in Prague) was a Czech artist and photographer.	Běla Kolářová	Prague
place of death	Fyodor Zakharovich Zakharov (Russian: Фёдор Захарович Захаров; Ukrainian: Федір Захарович Захаров; born September 5, 1919 in Aleksandrovskoye, Russia; dies September 29, 1994 in Yalta, Crimea, Ukraine), was a Russian and Ukrainian painter.	Fyodor Zakharov	Yalta
place of death	John E. Grotberg (March 21, 1925 -- November 15, 1986) was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois serving from 1985 until his death from bronchial pneumonia and colon cancer in St. Charles, Illinois in 1986.	John E. Grotberg	St. Charles
place of death	John Duff died in a riding accident in Epping Forest on January 8, 1958.	John Duff	Epping Forest
place of death	Rizzardo IV da Camino (1274 -- April 12, 1312) was an Italian nobleman and military leader, a member of the da Camino family and lord of Treviso.	Rizzardo IV da Camino	Treviso
place of death	Francesco Gonin (Turin, December 16, 1808- Giaveno, near Susa, Piedmont, September 14, 1889) was an Italian painter, engraver, and scenographer.	Francesco Gonin	Giaveno
place of death	Blondell Cummings (October 27, 1944, Florence, South Carolina -- August 30, 2015, New York City, New York) was an American modern dancer and choreographer.	Blondell Cummings	New York City
place of death	Alfred-Odilon Comtois (5 March 1876 - 26 August 1945) was a Canadian bishop who was Bishop of Trois-Rivières from 1934 to 1945.	Alfred-Odilon Comtois	Trois-Rivières
place of death	Karl Lisch (24 July 1907, Kirchbichl -- 5 February 1999, Tyrol) was an Austrian ophthalmologist remembered for describing Lisch nodules in 1937.	Karl Lisch	Tyrol
place of death	Heinrich Jacob Goldschmidt, also Heinrich Jakob Goldschmidt (12 April 1857, in Prague, Austria-Hungary -- 20 September 1937, in Oslo, Norway), was a Jewish Austrian chemist who spent most of his career working in Norway.	Heinrich Jacob Goldschmidt	Oslo
place of death	John Franklin Broxholme (born 11 June 1930 Bradford, died 24 June 2000 Bury St Edmunds) is an English thriller writer who published fifteen novels in a little over twenty years (1971--1993) using the pen name of Duncan Kyle.	Duncan Kyle	Bury St Edmunds
place of death	Arnolds Tauriņš (10 August 1905 - 20 August 1984 in Milwaukee) was a Latvian footballer and a seven-time champion of Latvia in the 1920s-1930s.	Arnolds Tauriņš	Milwaukee
place of death	August Gustav Heinrich von Bongard (12 September 1786, Bonn -- 1839) was a German botanist, who worked at Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Gustav Heinrich von Bongard	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Sándor Brodszky (Tóalmás, 1819 - Budapest, 1901) was a Hungarian painter whose works are featured in the Hungarian National Gallery.	Sándor Brodszky	Budapest
place of death	Stefano Ussi (Florence, 3 September 1822 - Florence, 1901) was an Italian painter, known first for his history paintings, and later for depicting Orientalist, mostly Arabian and Moroccan subjects.	Stefano Ussi	Florence
place of death	Jan Hals (1620, Haarlem -- 1654, Haarlem) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Jan Hals	Haarlem
place of death	And so, in the palace at Barcelona, the man brought Ataulf's reign to a sudden end by killing him while he bathed.	Ataulf	Barcelona
place of death	Abe Most (27 February 1920, New York City - 10 October 2002, Los Angeles ) was a swing clarinetist and alto saxophonist who is known for his performances and recordings of the works of Artie Shaw and Benny Goodman.	Abe Most	Los Angeles
place of death	Friedrich Bonte (19 October 1896 -- 10 April 1940) was the German naval officer commanding the destroyer flotilla that transported invasion troops to Narvik during the German invasion of Norway (Operation Weserübung) in April 1940.	Friedrich Bonte	Narvik
place of death	Count Imre Festetics de Tolna (Simaság, 1764 -- Kőszeg, 1847) was a noble landowner and geneticist.	Imre Festetics	Kőszeg
place of death	Franz Hellens, born Frédéric van Ermengem (8 September 1881, Brussels -- 20 January 1972, Brussels) was a prolific Belgian novelist, poet and critic.	Franz Hellens	Brussels
place of death	Fernando Germani was an organist of the Basilica of St. Peter in Rome during the reign of Pope Pius XII. Germani, born in 1906, played the piano and violin in public at four years of age.	Fernando Germani	Rome
place of death	David L. Beatty (December 3, 1798 -- February 21, 1881) was the fifth Mayor of Louisville, Kentucky serving from 1841 to 1844.	David L. Beatty	Louisville
place of death	Ola Raknes joined the Studentmållaget i Oslo (A pro-Nynorsk organization among students in Oslo) which was founded in 1900, and he attained a central position, among other thngs he was elected chairman in 1913 but had to renounce the position.	Ola Raknes	Oslo
place of death	Wilfrid Hamel (16 July 1895 -- 31 December 1968) was a Canadian politician, serving as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec and as Mayor of Quebec City.	Wilfrid Hamel	Quebec City
place of death	Adriaan van Maanen (March 31, 1884, Sneek -- January 26, 1946, Pasadena) was a Dutch--	Adriaan van Maanen	Pasadena
place of death	Henry Williamson was born in Brockley in south east London.	Henry Williamson	London
place of death	Mikhail Abramovich Popov (Russian: Михаил Абрамович Попов) (1753, Kungur -- September 8, 1811) was a Russian businessman and politician, merchant of the second guild and the first mayor of Perm.	Mikhail Abramovich Popov	Perm
place of death	Bohuslav Matěj Černohorský (Christened 16 February 1684, Nymburk, Bohemia -- 1 July 1742, Graz, Austria) was a Czech composer, organist and teacher of the baroque era.	Bohuslav Matěj Černohorský	Graz
place of death	Taddeo Landini (c. 1561 -- March 13, 1596) was an Italian sculptor and architect of the Mannerist period, active mainly in his native Florence and after 1580, in Rome.	Taddeo Landini	Rome
place of death	Donato Lovreglio (6 December 1841, in Bari -- May 1907, in Naples) was an Italian flautist and composer, mainly of music for his own instrument and other woodwinds.	Donato Lovreglio	Naples
place of death	Giuseppe Giacinto Moris (25 April 1796, Orbassano -- 18 April 1869, Turin) was an Italian botanist known for investigations of flora native to Sardinia.	Giuseppe Giacinto Moris	Turin
place of death	Frank MacQuarrie (27 January 1875, in San Francisco, California -- 25 December 1950, in Los Angeles, California) was an American silent film actor.	Frank MacQuarrie	Los Angeles
place of death	Karl Christian von Langsdorf, also known as Carl Christian von Langsdorff (18 May 1757 in Nauheim -- 10 June 1834 in Heidelberg), was a German mathematician, geologist, natural scientist and engineer.	Karl Christian von Langsdorf	Heidelberg
place of death	Đồng Khánh came to the throne in the aftermath of the events starting from 4 July 1885, when court regents Nguyễn Văn Tường and Tôn Thất Thuyết took the young Emperor Hàm Nghi from the Purple Forbidden City of Huế, and took him to the mountains as the figurehead of a revolutionary movement against the French.	Đồng Khánh	Huế
place of death	Charles van Lerberghe (21 October 1861 at Ghent, Belgium, died 26 October 1907 in Brussels) was a Flemish (Belgian) symbolist poet writing in French.	Charles van Lerberghe	Brussels
place of death	Christoph Pezel (5 March 1539 -- 24 February 1604) was an influential Reformed Theologian who introduced the Reformed confession to Nassau-Dillenburg and Bremen.	Christoph Pezel	Bremen
place of death	Henry Moret (12 December 1856, Cherbourg -- 5 May 1913, Paris) was a French Impressionist painter.	Henry Moret	Paris
place of death	Anton Bergmann (Lier, 29 June 1835 -- Lier, 21 January 1874) was a Belgian writer and a liberal Flemish activist.	Anton Bergmann	Lier
place of death	Johan Oscar Smith (October 11, 1871 in Fredrikstad, Norway -- May 1, 1943 in Horten) was a Norwegian Christian leader who founded the evangelical non-denominational fellowship now known as Brunstad Christian Church.	Johan Oscar Smith	Horten
place of death	Hilde von Stolz (July 8, 1903 in Sighişoara, Nagy-Küküllő County, Austria-Hungary, now Romania -- December 16, 1973 in Berlin) was an Austrian-German actress.	Hilde von Stolz	Berlin
place of death	Gaspard Le Roux (c. 1660 -- c. June 1707) was a French harpsichordist active in Paris at the beginning of the 18th century.	Gaspard Le Roux	Paris
place of death	Hilton Kramer died on March 27, 2012, in Harpswell, Maine, two days after his 84th birthday from heart failure, according to his wife, Esta Kramer.	Hilton Kramer	Harpswell
place of death	Valentín Paz-Andrade (b. Pontevedra, 23 April 1898 -- Vigo, 19 May 1987) was a Galician lawyer, writer, politician, journalist, poet, businessman and economist.	Valentín Paz-Andrade	Vigo
place of death	Pierre Cauchon (1371 in Rheims -- December 1442 in Rouen) was Bishop of Beauvais from 1420 to 1432.	Pierre Cauchon	Rouen
place of death	Adam Weisweiler (c.1750 -- after 1810) was a pre-eminent French master cabinetmaker (ébéniste) in the Louis XVI period, working in Paris.	Adam Weisweiler	Paris
place of death	Halit Karsıalan, commonly known as ``Deli'' Halid Pasha (1883 in Beshiktash, Constantinople (Istanbul) -- February 14, 1925 in Grand National Assembly of Turkey, Ankara) was a military officer of the Ottoman Army and a general of the Turkish Army.	Halit Karsıalan	Grand National Assembly of Turkey
place of death	Don Salvador de Iturbide y Marzán, Prince of Iturbide (18 September 1849, Mexico City - 26 February 1895, Ajaccio, Corsica).	Salvador de Iturbide y Marzán	Ajaccio
place of death	Antonio Pigliaru (Orune, 17 August 1922 - Sassari, 27 March 1969) was a Sardinian jurist and philosopher.	Antonio Pigliaru	Sassari
place of death	Lygia Clark (Belo Horizonte, October 23, 1920 -- Rio de Janeiro, April 25, 1988) was a Brazilian artist best known for her painting and installation work.	Lygia Clark	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Wolfgang Wegener (September 16, 1875 in Stettin - October 29, 1956 in Berlin-Zehlendorf) was an officer in the German Navy, retiring in 1926 with the rank of Vizeadmiral (Vice-Admiral).	Wolfgang Wegener	Zehlendorf
place of death	Anders Rudolf du Rietz (pronounced (dyrié); 5 February 1722 -- 21 October 1792 in Hedensberg, Västmanland) was a Swedish count, lieutenant-general, commander grand cross of the Order of the Sword, County Governor and politician.	Anders Rudolf du Rietz	Västmanland
place of death	The letter said that Kardarigan should kill Shahrbaraz and take his army back to Ctesiphon, but the bearers of the letter were intercepted in Galatia by Byzantine soldiers, who gave the letter to Constantine III who in turn gave it to Heraclius.	Shahrbaraz	Ctesiphon
place of death	Joseph Athanase Tchamala Kabasele (16 December 1930 in Matadi, Belgian Congo (now Democratic Republic of the Congo) -- 11 February 1983 in Paris, France), popularly known as Le Grand Kallé, was a Congolese singer and bandleader, considered the father of modern Congolese music.	Le Grand Kallé	Paris
place of death	Miroslav Válek was born in Trnava and from 1947 to 1949 he studied at Vysoká škola obchodná in Bratislava.	Miroslav Válek	Bratislava
place of death	Zeynalabdin Taghiyev (Taghioff) was born into the poor family of a shoemaker Taghi and his wife Anakhanim in the old part of Baku.	Zeynalabdin Taghiyev	Baku
place of death	Papa John Joseph (27 November 1877 - 22 January 1965) was an early New Orleans jazz string bass player.	Papa John Joseph	New Orleans
place of death	Eanflæd (19 April 626 -- after 685, also known as Enfleda) was a Kentish princess, queen of Northumbria and later, the abbess of an influential Christian monastery in Whitby, England.	Eanflæd	Whitby
place of death	Felix Lewandowsky (October 1, 1879, Hamburg -- October 31, 1921, Basel) was a German dermatologist.	Felix Lewandowsky	Basel
place of death	Fritz von Miller, born in Munich, was one of the 14 children of Ferdinand von Miller, creator of the Bavaria statue in the centre of Munich.	Fritz von Miller	Munich
place of death	Luigi Persico (1791 Naples - 14 May 1860 Marseille) was an Italian neoclassical painter and sculptor.	Luigi Persico	Marseille
place of death	Enver Shehu (24 January 1934 - 22 October 2009) was an Albanian football player and manager who played for and managed SK Tirana.	Enver Shehu	Tirana
place of death	Mikhail Agursky was born as Melik Samuilovich Agursky (Мэ́лик Самуилович Агу́рский) in Moscow in 1933 to a Jewish family.	Mikhail Agursky	Moscow
place of death	Juan Carlos Aramburu (February 11, 1912 -- November 18, 2004) was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Buenos Aires, Argentina, from 1975 to 1990, and was named to the College of Cardinals by Pope Paul VI in the consistory of 1976.	Juan Carlos Aramburu	Buenos Aires
place of death	Eduard Helly (June 1, 1884, Vienna -- 1943, Chicago) was a mathematician after whom Helly's theorem, Helly families, Helly's selection theorem, Helly metric, and the Helly--	Eduard Helly	Chicago
place of death	Franc Avsec (20 August 1863, Gotna Vas -- 9 March 1943, Lesce) was a Slovenian Roman Catholic priest, restoration expert, editor, and journalist.	Franc Avsec	Lesce
place of death	Born in New York City in 1911 by Russian American parents, Sophie Maslow began her dance training with Blanche Talmud at the Neighborhood Playhouse School.	Sophie Maslow	New York City
place of death	Mechthild of Bavaria (12 July 1532 - 2 November 1565, Baden-Baden) was a German noblewoman.	Mechthild of Bavaria	Baden-Baden
place of death	Alma Beltran died in Northridge, California in 2007 due to natural causes and is currently buried at the Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California.	Alma Beltran	Northridge
place of death	Peter Adolf Hall, also known as PA Hall or Peter Adolphe Hall, (23 February 1739, in Borås -- 15 May 1793, in Liège), was a Swedish-French artist who mainly devoted himself to miniature painting.	Peter Adolf Hall	Liège
place of death	Geoffroy Chodron de Courcel (11 September 1912, Tours - 9 December 1992, Paris), was a French nobleman, soldier and diplomat.	Geoffroy Chodron de Courcel	Paris
place of death	Flora Kidd, née Cartwright (born 1926 in Liverpool, England -- died 19 March 2008 in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada) was a British-Canadian popular writer of over 70 romance novels in Mills & Boon from 1966 to 2000.	Flora Kidd	Saint John
place of death	Jean II de Croÿ (1390? -- Valenciennes, March 25, 1473), was Count of Chimay and progenitor of the line of Croÿ-Solre.	Jean II de Croÿ	Valenciennes
place of death	Vladimir Stoychev was born in Sofia, the capital of the Principality of Bulgaria.	Vladimir Stoychev	Sofia
place of death	Eugeen Van Mieghem (October 1, 1875 -- March 24, 1930) was a Belgian artist born in the port of Antwerp.	Eugeen Van Mieghem	Antwerp
place of death	Huseyn Mammadov (29 June 1975 -- 15 March 2014), better known by his stage name Huseyn Derya, was an award-winning Azerbaijani rapper and actor from Baku, Azerbaijan.	Huseyn Derya	Baku
place of death	Otto Glöckel (born February 8, 1874, Pottendorf, Lower Austria -- July 23, 1935, Vienna) social-democratic politician and school-reformer during the First Austrian Republic.	Otto Glöckel	Vienna
place of death	Jakob Heilmann (21 August 1846 in Geiselbach, Aschaffenburg County (Lower Franconia) - 15 February 1927 in Munich) was a German contractor.	Jakob Heilmann	Munich
place of death	Alexander Mach (11 October 1902 in Slovenský Meder (today Palárikovo) -- 15 October 1980 in Bratislava) was a Slovak nationalist politician.	Alexander Mach	Bratislava
place of death	Georg Friedrich Zundel (13 October 1875 in Iptingen, Wiernsheim -- 7 June 1948 in Stuttgart) was a German painter, farmer and art patron.	Georg Friedrich Zundel	Stuttgart
place of death	Frankie Lymon was born in Harlem to a truck driver father and a mother who worked as a maid.	Frankie Lymon	Harlem
place of death	1956--1978, the revues he wrote for Folkan (Folk-theater) in Stockholm (among them the Kar de Mumma revue) became an institution on the Swedish theatre scene.	Kar de Mumma	Stockholm
place of death	Tommy Windich (c. 1840 -- c. 20 February 1876) was an Indigenous Australian member of a number of exploring expeditions in Western Australia in the 1860s and 1870s.	Tommy Windich	Western Australia
place of death	Antoine Étex (March 20, 1808 Paris -- July 14, 1888 Chaville) was a French sculptor, painter and architect.	Antoine Étex	Chaville
place of death	Entitled ``The Five Acts of Harry Patch'' it was first read at a special event at the Bishop's Palace in Wells, where it was introduced by the Prince of Wales and received by Harry Patch.	Harry Patch	Wells
place of death	Jared Ingersoll (October 24, 1749 -- October 31, 1822) was an early American lawyer and statesman from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Jared Ingersoll	Philadelphia
place of death	Francesco Morone (1471 -- 16 May 1529) was an Italian painter, active in his native city of Verona in a Renaissance style.	Francesco Morone	Verona
place of death	Gustave Loiseau (3 October 1865 in Paris -- 10 October 1935 in Paris) was a French Post-Impressionist painter, remembered above all for his landscapes and scenes of Paris streets.	Gustave Loiseau	Paris
place of death	For contributions to the television industry, Gracie Allen was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6672 Hollywood Boulevard.	Gracie Allen	Hollywood
place of death	Stefan Giller (1833--1918) was born in Opatówek, Congress Poland, Russian Empire.	Stefan Giller	Opatówek
place of death	Guilielmus Messaus (or Messaulx, Missau) (bapt. 2 July 1589 -- 8 March 1640) was a Flemish composer who was born and died in Antwerp.	Guilielmus Messaus	Antwerp
place of death	Otto Pretzl (Ingolstadt, 20 April 1893 -- Sevastopol, 28 October 1941) was a German Arabist-orientalist.	Otto Pretzl	Sevastopol
place of death	Irène Laure died on 4 July 1987 in La Ciotat.	Irène Laure	La Ciotat
place of death	Jan Hendrik Weissenbruch, also known as Hendrik Johannes Weissenbruch (born 19 June 1824 in The Hague -- died 24 March 1903 in The Hague) was a Dutch painter of the Hague School.	Jan Hendrik Weissenbruch	The Hague
place of death	Grigol Abashidze (Georgian: გრიგოლ აბაშიძე; Russian: Григол (Григорий) Григорьевич Абашидзе; also Grigory; 1 August (O.S. 19 July) 1914 in Chiatura, Kutaisi Governorate -- 29 July 1994 in Tbilisi) was a Georgian poet.	Grigol Abashidze	Tbilisi
place of death	Stanisław Lubieniecki (German: Stanislaus de Lubienietz, also Lubiniezky or Lubyenyetsky) (August 23, 1623 in Raków -- May 18, 1675 in Hamburg) was a Polish Socinian theologist, historian, astronomer, and writer.	Stanisław Lubieniecki	Hamburg
place of death	Claude Reignier Conder (29 December 1848, Cheltenham -- 16 February 1910, Cheltenham) was a British soldier, explorer and antiquarian.	Claude Reignier Conder	Cheltenham
place of death	Carl August Daniel Heese (1867--1901) was a German missionary in South Africa.	Daniel Heese	South Africa
place of death	Olivier Rayet (23 September 1847, Le Cairou -- 19 February 1887, Paris) was a French archaeologist.	Olivier Rayet	Paris
place of death	William Glanville died suddenly of a stroke, on 30 June 1976, at his home in Northwood, Middlesex.	William Glanville	Northwood
place of death	John Benson Brooks (February 23, 1917, Houlton, Maine -- November 13, 1999, New York City) was an American jazz pianist, songwriter, arranger, and composer.	John Benson Brooks	New York City
place of death	Michele Imperiali Simeana, Prince of Montena and Francavilla (before 1736-1782) was a Spanish grandee and collector of classical sculpture, who also acted as major domo to the King of Naples and was a Knight of the Golden Fleece from 1770 onwards.	Michele Imperiali Simeana, Prince of Montena and Francavilla	Naples
place of death	Lodewijk Henri Christian Hulsman, known as Louk Hulsman (8 March 1923 in Kerkrade -- 28 January 2009 in Dordrecht) was a Dutch legal scientist and criminologist.	Louk Hulsman	Dordrecht
place of death	Geoffroy Tory (also Geofroy, Latin ``Godofredus Torinus'') was born in Bourges around 1480 and died in Paris before 14 October 1533.	Geoffroy Tory	Paris
place of death	Hal McIntyre (born Harold William McIntyre; 29 November 1914, Cromwell, Connecticut -- 5 May 1959 Los Angeles, California) was an American saxophonist, clarinetist, and bandleader.	Hal McIntyre	Los Angeles
place of death	Samuel Greig, or Samuil Karlovich Greig (Самуил Карлович Грейг), as he was known in Russia (30 November 1736, Inverkeithing -- 15 October 1788, Tallinn) was a Scottish-born Russian admiral who distinguished himself in the Battle of Chesma (1770) and the Battle of Hogland (1788).	Samuel Greig	Tallinn
place of death	Mihkel Martna (17 September 1860 Veltsa parish, Paimpere -- 23 May 1934 Tallinn) was an Estonian politician and journalist.	Mihkel Martna	Tallinn
place of death	Hugh Rowlands was the second son of minor Welsh landowner John Rowlands and his wife Elizabeth (née Hartwell) of Plas Tirion, Llanrug, and claimed descent from Bleddyn ap Cynfyn, Prince of Powys, and Dafydd ap Llywelyn, Prince of Gwynedd.	Hugh Rowlands	Llanrug
place of death	Alexis de Castillon (born Marie-Alexis de Castillon de Saint-Victor) (13 December 1838, in Chartres -- 5 March 1873, in Paris) was a French composer of classical music.	Alexis de Castillon	Paris
place of death	Joseph Ahrens (April 17, 1904, Sommersell -- December 21, 1997, Berlin) was a German composer and organist.	Joseph Ahrens	Berlin
place of death	Alphonse d'Ève (baptized 20 August 1666, in Brussels; buried 10 October 1727, in Antwerp) was a Flemish Baroque composer, singer, and choirmaster.	Alphonse d'Ève	Antwerp
place of death	Deeply distraught by his brother's death and his recent divorce, as well as grappling with alcoholism, Dennis Crosby committed suicide on May 7, 1991 in Novato, California, also with a shotgun age 56.	Dennis Crosby	Novato
place of death	Simon Fokke (1712--1784), a Dutch designer, etcher, and engraver, was born at Amsterdam.	Simon Fokke	Amsterdam
place of death	Michel Waisvisz (8 July 1949, Leiden -- 18 June 2008, Amsterdam) was a Dutch composer, performer and inventor of experimental electronic musical instruments.	Michel Waisvisz	Amsterdam
place of death	Johann Carl Otto Ribbeck (23 July 1827, Erfurt -- 18 July 1898, Leipzig), was a German classical scholar.	Otto Ribbeck	Leipzig
place of death	Harry Wahl was the grandson of Vyborg-based industrialist Paul Wahl (1797--1872).	Harry Wahl	Vyborg
place of death	Hans Melchior (5 August 1894 in Berlin -- 12 March 1984 Berlin) was a German botanist.	Hans Melchior	Berlin
place of death	Arthur John Strutt (Chelmsford, 1819 -- Rome, 1888), was an English painter, engraver, writer, traveller and archaeologist.	Arthur John Strutt	Rome
place of death	Bernard de Bailliu (1641 in Antwerp -- 1684 in Antwerp), was a Flemish engraver.	Bernard de Bailliu	Antwerp
place of death	Georgius Jacobus Johannes van Os (20 November 1782 The Hague -- 11 July 1861 Paris), was a 19th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Georgius Jacobus Johannes van Os	Paris
place of death	Joachim Burmeister (1564 in Lüneburg -- 5 May 1629 in Rostock) was a north German composer and music theorist.	Joachim Burmeister	Rostock
place of death	Joseph Wilfrid Dwyer DD (1869-1939) was an Australian Catholic priest and Bishop of Wagga Wagga, New South Wales.	Joseph Wilfrid Dwyer	Wagga Wagga
place of death	Theda Ukena (1432 in Oldersum -- 16 November 1494 in Greetsiel) was from 1466 to about 1480 regent of the County of East Frisia.	Theda Ukena	Greetsiel
place of death	Jakub Kryštof Rad, born March 25, 1799 in Rheinfelden (present day Switzerland), died October 13, 1871 in Vienna (present day Austria), was a Swiss-born physician and industrial manager of Czech-descent.	Jakub Kryštof Rad	Vienna
place of death	Despina Pappa-Paschalidou (1874, Chalcedon -- 1954, Athens) was a Greek doll maker.	Despina Pappa-Paschalidou	Athens
place of death	André-Louis Cholesky (15 October 1875, Montguyon -- 31 August 1918, Bagneux) was a French military officer and mathematician.	André-Louis Cholesky	Bagneux
place of death	Lo Wei (sometimes spelled Lo Wai, 12 December 1918 -- 20 January 1996) was a famous Hong Kong film director and film actor best known for launching the martial arts film careers of both Bruce Lee, in The Big Boss and Fist of Fury, and Jackie Chan, in New Fist of Fury.	Lo Wei	Hong Kong
place of death	Józef Łodyński (19 October 1919 Łódź - 6 February 1984, Łódź) was a Polish actor.	Józef Łodyński	Łódź
place of death	Fernando Talaverano Gallegos, also known as Hernando Talaverano (1563, Spain -- 1619, Chile); lawyer and Spanish administrator, occupied the position of temporary governor of Chile for ten months after the death of Alonso de Ribera, between March 1617 and January 1618.	Fernando Talaverano Gallegos	Chile
place of death	Otakar Hostinský (2 January 1847, Martiněves (near Litoměřice) -- 19 January 1910, Prague) was a Czech historian, musicologist, and professor of musical aesthetics.	Otakar Hostinský	Prague
place of death	Louis De Lannoy (16 June 1902, in Antwerp -- 7 February 1968, in Antwerp) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer.	Louis De Lannoy	Antwerp
place of death	(Pierre) Adolphe Delattre (or De Lattre) (12 February 1805, Tours -- 3 January 1854, Nice) was a French ornithologist.	Adolphe Delattre	Nice
place of death	Hippolytus Guarinonius (18 November 1571 -- 31 May 1654) was a physician and polymath who spent the main part of his life based at Hall in Tirol.	Hippolytus Guarinonius	Hall in Tirol
place of death	Euclid (/ˈjuːklɪd/; Greek: Εὐκλείδης, Eukleidēs Ancient Greek: (eu̯.klěː.dɛːs); fl. 300 BCE), sometimes called Euclid of Alexandria to distinguish him from Euclid of Megara, was a Greek mathematician, often referred to as the ``father of geometry''.	Euclid	Alexandria
place of death	Marie-Charlotte Hippolyte de Campet de Saujon was born in Rouen, the daughter of Charles-François de Saujon, Baron de la Rivère, and Louis-Angélique de Barberin de Reignac.	Marie-Charlotte Hippolyte de Campet de Saujon	Rouen
place of death	August Friedrich Ernst Langbein (September 6, 1757 in Radeberg, Saxony -- January 2, 1835 in Berlin) was a German humor writer.	August Friedrich Ernst Langbein	Berlin
place of death	Bernardim Ribeiro (1482 in Torrão -- October 1552 in Lisbon) was a Renaissance Portuguese poet and writer.	Bernardim Ribeiro	Lisbon
place of death	Christoph Friedrich Reinhold Lisiewski (June 3, 1725 in Berlin -- 11 June 1794 in Ludwigslust) was an 18th-century German portrait painter.	Christoph Friedrich Reinhold Lisiewski	Ludwigslust
place of death	Enrique Jorrín (Candelaria, Pinar del Río, December 25, 1926 - Havana, December 12, 1987) was a Cuban charanga violinist, composer and music director.	Enrique Jorrín	Havana
place of death	Khariton Laptev was born in a gentry family in the village of Pokarevo near Velikiye Luki (in the southern part of today's Pskov Oblast), just a year before his cousin Dmitry Laptev was born in the nearby village of Bolotovo.	Khariton Laptev	Velikiye Luki
place of death	Chrysostomus Hanthaler (b. Ried, Upper Austria, 14 February 1690; d. in the Cistercian monastery of Lilienfeld in Lower Austria, 2 September 1754) was a Cistercian historian and numismatist.	Chrysostomus Hanthaler	Lilienfeld
place of death	Georges Delerue died on 20 March 1992 from a heart attack in Los Angeles at the age of 67, just after recording the last cue for the soundtrack to Rich in Love.	Georges Delerue	Los Angeles
place of death	Born in Zürich, Albin Zollinger was the son of a precision mechanic and grew up in Rüti, Zürich and Argentina, where his parents unsuccessfully tried to establish a secure existence for the family.	Albin Zollinger	Zürich
place of death	Emil Kessler died on 16 March 1867 in Esslingen am Neckar from a heart attack.	Emil Kessler	Esslingen am Neckar
place of death	Theodor Hildebrandt (2 July 1804, Stettin - 29 September 1874, Düsseldorf) was a German artist of the Düsseldorf school of painting who specialized in literary and historical subjects.	Theodor Hildebrandt	Düsseldorf
place of death	Giovanni di Francesco or Giovanni di Francesco del Cervelliera (1412 or 1428 -- 1458) was an Italian painter, active in Florence in the mid-fifteenth century.	Giovanni di Francesco	Florence
place of death	Pierre-Nolasque Bergeret (30 January 1782, Bordeaux -- 21 February 1863, Paris) was a French painter, pioneer lithographer and designer who studied with Jacques-Louis David.	Pierre-Nolasque Bergeret	Paris
place of death	Johann Friedrich Naue (November 17, 1787 in Halle (Saale) -- May 19, 1858 in Halle) was a German composer, organist, and choir director and music-theorist.	Johann Friedrich Naue	Halle
place of death	Guido Mutis Carrasco (b. 5 August 1934, Yungay, Chile--d. 10 July 2008, Valdivia, Chile), was an English literature professor at the Valdivia campus of the Austral University of Chile and director of the Valdivia International Film Festival.	Guido Mutis	Valdivia
place of death	Herman Bultos (19 August 1752 in Brussels -- 30 June 1801 in Hamburg-Billwerder) was an 18th-century Belgian wine merchant and theatre director.	Herman Bultos	Hamburg
place of death	Dursley McLinden (29 May 1965, Douglas, Isle of Man - 7 August 1995) was a Manx actor whose career was mostly focused on the London stage in musicals such as The Phantom of the Opera, Gigi (Lyric Theatre, 1985) and Follies.	Dursley McLinden	London
place of death	Oskar Kallas (25 October (O.S. 13 October) 1868 in Kirikuküla, Saaremaa -- 26 January 1946 in Stockholm) was an Estonian diplomat, linguist and folklorist.	Oskar Kallas	Stockholm
place of death	Rune Torbjörn Evrell (March 29, 1920 -- April 22, 2008) was a Swedish inventor and businessman who made major innovations in folding knife construction, knife designs and knife production methods at EKA-knivar AB Eskilstuna, Sweden.	Torbjörn Evrell	Eskilstuna
place of death	Tucker McGuire (29 January 1913 in Winchester, Virginia, USA - 3 August 1988 in London, England) was an American-born actress who appeared largely in British films and television.	Tucker McGuire	London
place of death	Hans Adolph Brorson (20 June 1694, Randerup -- 3 June 1764, Ribe) was a Danish Pietist bishop and hymn writer.	Hans Adolph Brorson	Ribe
place of death	Helen T. Parsons (March 26, 1886; Arkansas City, Kansas -- December 30, 1977; Madison, Wisconsin) was an American biochemist.	Helen T. Parsons	Madison
place of death	Alexis-Marie de Rochon, known as Abbé Rochon, was born in Brest, France on 21 February 1741, and died in Paris on 5 April 1817.	Alexis-Marie de Rochon	Paris
place of death	Hasret Gültekin (May 1, 1971 - July 2, 1993) was an Alevi Kurdish musician and poet who was murdered, along with 37 other people, in the Sivas Province of Turkey when a fundamentalist Islamist mob set fire to the hotel (Madımak Hotel) at which he was staying.	Hasret Gültekin	Sivas
place of death	Carlos Olivier died of a cardiac arrest in Caracas.	Carlos Olivier	Caracas
place of death	Auguste Pellerin (20 February 1853, Paris - 18 October 1929, Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a French entrepreneur and art collector.	Auguste Pellerin	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	Rozelle Claxton (February 5, 1913, Bartlett, Tennessee - March 30, 1995, Lake Forest, Illinois) was an American jazz pianist.	Rozelle Claxton	Lake Forest
place of death	George Udny Yule FRS (18 February 1871 -- 26 June 1951), usually known as Udny Yule, was a British statistician, born at Beech Hill, a house in Morham near Haddington, Scotland and died in Cambridge, England.	Udny Yule	Cambridge
place of death	Benoît-Marie Langénieux (born 1824 at Villefranche-sur-Saône, Rhône -- 1 January 1905 at Reims) was a French Archbishop of Reims and Cardinal.	Benoît-Marie Langénieux	Reims
place of death	Kimathi is viewed as a national hero by the Kenyan people, and the government has erected a bronze statue of ``Freedom Fighter Dedan Kimathi'' on a graphite plinth, in central Nairobi.	Dedan Kimathi	Nairobi
place of death	Martin Erich Philipp (1887 in Zwickau -- 1978 in Dresden) was an influential German Jewish Artist.	Martin Erich Philipp	Dresden
place of death	Karl Valentin (born Valentin Ludwig Fey, 4 June 1882, Munich -- 9 February 1948, Planegg) was a Bavarian comedian, cabaret performer, clown, author and film producer.	Karl Valentin	Planegg
place of death	Ernst Akiba/Akiva Simon (Hebrew: עקיבא ארְנְסְט סימון‎, 'aqibhah Ernst Simon; March 15, 1899, Berlin -- August 18, 1988, Jerusalem) was a German- Jewish educator, and religious philosopher.	Ernst Simon	Jerusalem
place of death	Pavlos Bakoyannis (Greek: Παύλος Μπακογιάννης) (1935, Velota, Evrytania - September 26, 1989, Athens) was a liberal Greek politician who was well known for his broadcasts against the Greek military dictatorship of 1967-1974 on Bayerische Rundfunk radio.	Pavlos Bakoyannis	Athens
place of death	Marie Henri Andoyer (October 1, 1862, Paris -- June 12, 1929) was a French astronomer and mathematician.	Marie Henri Andoyer	Paris
place of death	Following her second husband's death, Ursula Vaughan Williams set up residence near Regent's Park, London.	Ursula Vaughan Williams	London
place of death	Robert Dados (February 15, 1977, in Poland -- March 30, 2004, in Lublin, Poland) was a Polish speedway rider who won the World Under-21 title in 1998.	Robert Dados	Lublin
place of death	Karl Friedrich Cerf (February 27, 1771, Unter-Eisenheim-on-the-Main, Landkreis Würzburg, Germany - November 6, 1845, Berlin) was a German theatrical manager.	Karl Friedrich Cerf	Berlin
place of death	Jaroslav Špillar (11 October 1869, Plzeň -- 20 November 1917, Dobřany) was a Czech artist who specialized in painting the Chodové (``Rangers'').	Jaroslav Špillar	Dobřany
place of death	At some point after the revolution, Joseph Read moved to Brookfield, Massachusetts, where he died in 1801.	Joseph Read	Brookfield
place of death	Moritz Adolf Schlesinger (30 October 1798 in Berlin - 25 February 1871 in Baden-Baden), generally known during his French career as Maurice Schlesinger, was a German music editor.	Maurice Schlesinger	Baden-Baden
place of death	Andrea Pazienza died at age 32 in Montepulciano, from an overdose of heroin.	Andrea Pazienza	Montepulciano
place of death	Cvetka Ahlin (28 November 1927 Cologne -- 30 July 1985 Hamburg) was a Slovenian opera singer and mezzo-sopranist.	Cvetka Ahlin	Hamburg
place of death	Oskar Rosenfeld (13 May 1884 -- August 1944) was an Austrian-Jewish writer killed at Auschwitz concentration camp.	Oskar Rosenfeld	Auschwitz concentration camp
place of death	Abu Sayeed Chowdhury graduated in 1940 from the Presidency College in Calcutta.He later on obtained his Masters and Law degrees from Calcutta University in 1942 and after the second world war he went to the United Kingdom to do Bar-at-Law in London.	Abu Sayeed Chowdhury	London
place of death	Carl Kundmann (15 June 1838, Vienna - 9 June 1919, Vienna) was an Austrian sculptor, best known for his works which adorn the area around the Ringstraße project.	Carl Kundmann	Vienna
place of death	Galasso I Pio (died March 13, 1367) was the lord of Carpi, Italy from 1348 until his death.	Galasso I Pio	Carpi
place of death	Heinz Gappmayr (7 October 1925; Innsbruck -- 20 April 2010; Innsbruck) was an Austrian artist who created works of visual poetry.	Heinz Gappmayr	Innsbruck
place of death	Davide Antonio Fossati, a painter and etcher, was bom at Morcote, Ticino, Switzerland in 1708, and studied drawing under Vicenzo Maria Mariotti at Venice, and painting under Daniel Gran, with whom in 1723 he went to Vienna.	Davide Antonio Fossati	Venice
place of death	Faustino Rayo (d. August 6, 1875) was the assassin of President of Ecuador Gabriel Garcia Moreno, who was killed by the machete blows of Rayo and the revolver shots of his three conspirators on August 6, 1875, in Quito, Ecuador.	Faustino Rayo	Quito
place of death	Julius Mac Leod (19 February 1857 -- 3 March 1919), was a Belgian biologist and professor at the University of Ghent.	Julius Mac Leod	Ghent
place of death	Vakkom Mohammed Abdul Khader Moulavi, popularly known as Vakkom Moulavi was a social reformer, teacher, prolific writer, Muslim scholar, journalist, freedom fighter and newspaper proprietor in Travancore, a princely state of the present day Kerala, India.	Vakkom Moulavi	Travancore
place of death	Francesco D'Ovidio (Campobasso, 5 December 1849 -- Naples, 24 November 1925) was an Italian philologist and literary critic.	Francesco D'Ovidio	Naples
place of death	Elsa Fraenkel moved to Bangalore, India to live with her daughter in 1969 and died there in 1975.	Elsa Fraenkel	Bangalore
place of death	Maria Cole died in a nursing home in Boca Raton, Florida on July 10, 2012, at the age of 89, shortly after being diagnosed with cancer.	Maria Cole	Boca Raton
place of death	Erwin Guido Kolbenheyer (December 30, 1878, Budapest - April 12, 1962, Munich) was an Austrian novelist, poet and playwright.	Erwin Guido Kolbenheyer	Munich
place of death	Hermann Giesler (April 2, 1898, Siegen -- January 20, 1987, Düsseldorf) was a German architect during the Nazi era, one of the two architects most favoured and rewarded by Adolf Hitler (the other being Albert Speer).	Hermann Giesler	Düsseldorf
place of death	Rose Bampton (November 28, 1907 in Lakewood, Ohio -- August 21, 2007 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania) was a celebrated American opera singer who had an active international career during the 1930s and 1940s.	Rose Bampton	Bryn Mawr
place of death	Samuel Wilderspin (23 March 1791, London -- 1866) was an English educator known for his pioneering work on infant schools.	Samuel Wilderspin	London
place of death	Giovanni Andrea Ansaldo (1584 -- August 18, 1638) was an Italian painter active mainly in Genoa.	Giovanni Andrea Ansaldo	Genoa
place of death	Agnes Sligh Turnbull (October 14, 1888, New Alexandria, Pennsylvania - January 31, 1982, Livingston, New Jersey) was a bestselling American writer, most noted for her works of historical fiction based in her native Western Pennsylvania.	Agnes Sligh Turnbull	Livingston
place of death	Charles-Marie Philippe de Kerhallet (17 September 1809, in Rennes -- 16 February 1863, in Paris) was a French navigator.	Charles-Marie Philippe de Kerhallet	Paris
place of death	Ryszard Wincenty Berwiński (28 February 1817 in Polwica, Poznań, Prussia -- 19 November 1879 in Constantinople, then part of the Ottoman Empire) was a noted Polish poet, translator, folklorist, and nationalist.	Ryszard Wincenty Berwiński	Constantinople
place of death	Magdalene Sibylle of Saxony (23 December 1617 -- 6 January 1668) was the Princess of Denmark from 1634 to 1647 as the wife of Prince-Elect Christian of Denmark, and the Duchess consort of Saxe-Altenburg as the wife of Frederick Wilhelm II, Duke of Saxe-Altenburg.	Magdalene Sibylle of Saxony	Altenburg
place of death	Rosina Lhévinne (née Bessie; March 29, 1880, Kiev, Ukraine, Russian Empire -- November 9, 1976, Glendale, California) was a pianist and famed pedagogue.	Rosina Lhévinne	Glendale
place of death	Anders Sandvig (11 May 1862 -- 11 February 1950) was a Norwegian dentist most noted for having founded Maihaugen, an innovative regional ethnological and architectural museum in Lillehammer, documenting the vernacular architecture of Gudbrandsdalen.	Anders Sandvig	Lillehammer
place of death	Antonín Novotný was born in Letňany, Austria Hungary, now part of Prague, Czech Republic.	Antonín Novotný	Prague
place of death	Petrus Lotichius Secundus or Peter Lotz (November 2, 1528 in Niederzell/Schlüchtern -- November 7, 1560 in Heidelberg) was a scholar and a significant neo-Latin poet of the 16th century.	Petrus Lotichius Secundus	Heidelberg
place of death	Dolf Sternberger (originally Adolf Sternberger; July 28, 1907, Wiesbaden -- July 27, 1989, Frankfurt/Main) was a German philosopher and political scientist at the University of Heidelberg.	Dolf Sternberger	Frankfurt
place of death	Johann Nikolaus Götz (Worms, July 9, 1721 -- Winterburg near Bad Kreuznach, November 4, 1781) was a German poet from Worms.	Johann Nikolaus Götz	Winterburg
place of death	Valery Bryusov was born on 13 December 1873 (recorded as 1 December, according to the old Julian calendar) into a merchant's family in Moscow.	Valery Bryusov	Moscow
place of death	Wilhelm Nestle (German: (ˈnɛstlə);; 16 April 1865, Stuttgart -- 18 April 1959, Stuttgart) was a German philologist and philosopher.	Wilhelm Nestle	Stuttgart
place of death	Raymond Oliver (1909--1990) was chef and owner of Le Grand Véfour restaurant in Paris, one of France's great historical restaurants.	Raymond Oliver	Paris
place of death	Ignát Herrmann (12 August 1854 in Chotěboř -- 8 July 1935 in Řevnice) was a Czech novelist, satirist and editor.	Ignát Herrmann	Řevnice
place of death	Octave Meynier was a French military officer, born on 22 February 1874 at Saint-Yrieix-la-Perche in France and died on 31 May 1961 at Algiers.	Octave Meynier	Algiers
place of death	Indulf's death is reported by the Chronicon Scotorum in 962, the Chronicle of the Kings of Alba adding that he was killed fighting Vikings near Cullen, at the Battle of Bauds.	Indulf	Cullen
place of death	Milan Williams died of cancer at a hospital in Houston on July 9, 2006 at age fifty-eight.	Milan Williams	Houston
place of death	Sergiu Grossu (November 14, 1920 in Cubolta -- July 25, 2009 in Bucharest) was a Romanian writer and theologian.	Sergiu Grossu	Bucharest
place of death	Seth Read (March 6, 1746 -- March 19, 1797) was born in Uxbridge, Worcester County, Massachusetts, and died at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania, as ``Seth Reed'', at age 51.	Seth Read	Erie
place of death	Denis Foyatier (21 September 1793 at Bussières, Loire -- 19 November 1863 at Paris) was a French sculptor in the neoclassical style.	Denis Foyatier	Paris
place of death	Karel Toman (also known as Antonín Bernášek) (25 February 1877 in Kokovice -- 12 June 1946 in Prague) was a Czech poet, remembered for his epic love poems and Romantic inspirations.	Karel Toman	Prague
place of death	François de Roubaix (April 3, 1939 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine -- November 22, 1975 in Tenerife, Canary Islands) was a French film score composer.	François de Roubaix	Tenerife
place of death	After the declaration of the Republic in Egypt, Talaat Harb was honored by naming several streets and squares in Cairo and other cities after him.	Talaat Harb	Cairo
place of death	Piotr Ożarowski (1725 - 9 May 1794 in Warsaw) was a Polish noble (szlachcic), politic and military commander.	Piotr Ożarowski	Warsaw
place of death	Georges Lévis (August 7, 1924 in Toulouse -- March 31, 1988 in Le Mesnil-Saint-Denis) was a French adult comic artist.	Georges Lévis	Le Mesnil-Saint-Denis
place of death	Friedebert Tuglas (2 March 1886 Ahja -- 15 April 1971 Tallinn) was an Estonian writer and critic who introduced Impressionism and Symbolism to Estonian literature.	Friedebert Tuglas	Tallinn
place of death	Henri Luyten (1 August 1873, Koningshooikt, Belgium -- 28 September 1954, Boechout, Belgium) was a Belgian champion racing cyclist who was a professional rider between 1895 and 1897.	Henri Luyten	Boechout
place of death	Theodor des Coudres (March 13, 1862 in Veckerhagen, Weser - October 8, 1926 in Leipzig) was a German physicist.	Theodor des Coudres	Leipzig
place of death	Johann Georg, Chevalier de Saxe (21 August 1704 -- 25 February 1774), also called Johann Georg of Saxony, was a Saxon Field Marshal and Governor of Dresden.	Johann Georg, Chevalier de Saxe	Dresden
place of death	After graduating from the Saint Petersburg Naval Corps in 1834, Pavel Pereleshin served as reefer in the Baltic Fleet on frigate Neva, and was promoted to the rank of warrant officer in the Black Sea Fleet in 1837.	Pavel Pereleshin	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Lillian Hoban died at Presbyterian Hospital in Manhattan in 1998 (aged 73) from undisclosed causes.	Lillian Hoban	Presbyterian Hospital
place of death	Adolf Köberle (July 3, 1898 in Bad Berneck, Upper Franconia, Germany -- March 22, 1990 in Munich) was a German theologian.	Adolf Köberle	Munich
place of death	Jurgis Bielinis (March 16, 1846 in Purviškiai, near Biržai -- January 18, 1918 in Katinai, near Panevėžys) was one of the main organizers of illegal book-smuggling (knygnešiai) at the time of the Lithuanian press ban.	Jurgis Bielinis	Panevėžys
place of death	Consuelo Araújo Noguera, also known as ``La Cacica'',(August 1, 1940 Valledupar - September 30, 2001) was a Colombian politician, writer and self-taught journalist,.	Consuelo Araújo	Valledupar
place of death	Johann Victor Krämer (23 August 1861 in Adamsthal -- 6 May 1949 in Vienna) was an Austrian painter and photographer, working generally within the Orientalist genre.	Johann Victor Krämer	Vienna
place of death	Giorgio Boris Giuliano (Piazza Armerina (Enna), October 22, 1930 -- Palermo, July 21, 1979) was a police chief from Palermo, Sicily.	Boris Giuliano	Palermo
place of death	Jean-Pierre de Bougainville (1 December 1722, Paris -- 22 June 1763, Loches) was a French writer and the elder brother of the explorer Louis Antoine de Bougainville.	Jean-Pierre de Bougainville	Loches
place of death	James Eells (October 25, 1926, Cleveland -- February 14, 2007, Cambridge) was an American mathematician, who specialized in mathematical analysis.	James Eells	Cambridge
place of death	Lieutenant General Sylvain Trần Văn Minh (born 19 August 1923, Saigon, French Indochina -- died 31 May 2009, Nice, France) was a Vietnamese diplomat and a general of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.	Trần Văn Minh	Nice
place of death	David Samuel Margoliouth (17 October 1858, London -- 23 March 1940, London) was an orientalist.	David Samuel Margoliouth	London
place of death	Hayk Gyulikekhvyan (1886, Shusha - 1951, Yerevan) was an Armenian literary critic and philosopher, Professor of Yerevan State University.	Hayk Gyulikekhvyan	Yerevan
place of death	France Clidat (Nantes, 22 November 1932 -- Paris, 17 May 2012) was a French pianist renowned for her interpretations of the works of Franz Liszt, a great many of which she recorded, and Erik Satie, whose complete piano works she recorded.	France Clidat	Paris
place of death	Francis Wolff (1907 or 1908 in Berlin, Germany -- March 8, 1971, in New York City, United States) was a record company executive, photographer and record producer.	Francis Wolff	New York City
place of death	Ronaldo Fernando Esquerdo Bôscoli, usually known as Ronaldo Bôscoli, or just Bôscoli (Rio de Janeiro, October 28, 1928 -- November 18, 1994) was a Brazilian composer, songwriter, record producer and journalist.	Ronaldo Bôscoli	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Leo Mikhailovich Lopatin (Russian: Лев Миха́йлович Лопа́тин; 13 June 1855, Moscow -- 21 March 1920, Moscow) was a Russian philosopher and former head of the Moscow Psychological Society until the formal liquidation of the society by the Soviet after the Revolution of 1917.	Leo Mikhailovich Lopatin	Moscow
place of death	Louis Notari (Monaco, 1879-1961) was the pioneer of Monégasque literature.	Louis Notari	Monaco
place of death	Liam Clancy died from pulmonary fibrosis on 4 December 2009, in Bon Secours Hospital in Cork, Ireland.	Liam Clancy	Cork
place of death	Giovanni Giacomo de Rossi (1627-1691) was an Italian engraver and printer, active in Rome in the second half of the 17th century.	Giovanni Giacomo de Rossi	Rome
place of death	Constance Cummings Levy died in Oxfordshire, England, on November 23, 2005, aged 95, from natural causes.	Constance Cummings	Oxfordshire
place of death	Lucius Shepard resided in Portland, Oregon.	Lucius Shepard	Portland
place of death	John Brooks Wheelwright (sometimes Wheelright) (9 September 1897 -- 13 September 1940) was an American poet from a Boston Brahmin background.	John Brooks Wheelwright	Boston
place of death	Paul Sébillot (6 February 1843 in Matignon, Côtes-d'Armor, France -- 23 April 1918 in Paris) was a French folklorist, painter, and writer.	Paul Sébillot	Paris
place of death	In the early 1960s, Palmer hosted her own Los Angeles show, entitled ``Sincerely, Maria Palmer''.	Maria Palmer	Los Angeles
place of death	Janus, or Johannes Lutma the elder (Emden, ca. 1584 -- Amsterdam, January 1669) was a well-known Dutch silversmith.	Johannes Lutma	Amsterdam
place of death	Charlotte Buff (11 January 1753, Wetzlar -- 16 January 1828, Hanover) was a youthful acquaintance of the poet Goethe, who fell in love with her.	Charlotte Buff	Hanover
place of death	Gustaw Przeczek Gustaw Przeczek died on 21 February 1974 in a hospital in Hradec Králové during a heart operation and is buried in Trzyniec.	Gustaw Przeczek	Hradec Králové
place of death	He was born as Alejandro Agustín Lanusse Gelly on August 28, 1918 in Buenos Aires to his parents Luis Gustavo Lanusse Justo and Albertina Gelly Cantilo.	Alejandro Agustín Lanusse	Buenos Aires
place of death	Guillaume Fillastre (the Elder) (b. 1348 at La Suze, Maine, France; d. Rome, 6 November 1428) was a French Cardinal, canonist, humanist, and geographer.	Guillaume Fillastre	Rome
place of death	Guidantonio da Montefeltro (1377 -- February 1443) was count of Urbino in Italy from 1403 until his death.	Guidantonio da Montefeltro	Urbino
place of death	Ulrich Köhler (6 November 1838 Kleinneuhausen -- 21 October 1903 Berlin) was a German archaeologist.	Ulrich Köhler	Berlin
place of death	Théodore Barrière (1823 -- 16 October 1877), French dramatist, was born in Paris.	Théodore Barrière	Paris
place of death	Antonio D'Achiardi (28 November 1839, Pisa -- 10 December 1902, Pisa) was an Italian geologist and mineralogist known for his mineralogical studies of Tuscany.	Antonio D'Achiardi	Pisa
place of death	Evsey Domar died on April 1, 1997 in the Emerson Hospital in Concord, Massachusetts.	Evsey Domar	Concord
place of death	Otto Szász (11 December 1884, Hungary -- 19 December 1952, Cincinnati, Ohio) was a Hungarian mathematician who worked on real analysis, in particular on Fourier series.	Otto Szász	Cincinnati
place of death	According to Friedrich Martin von Bodenstedt, Ellen Franz made her first appearance in the Hoftheater of Meiningen in 1867.	Ellen Franz	Meiningen
place of death	Jean Laforgue (11 January 1782, Marciac -- 6 November 1852, Dresden) was a French scholar living in Dresden, mainly known for having edited and censored the first edition (known as Édition Laforgue) of Giacomo Casanovas memoirs, Histoire de ma vie.	Jean Laforgue	Dresden
place of death	Arvid David Hummel (30 April 1778, Göteborg -- 20 October 1836, Ekenäs) was a Swedish entomologist.	Arvid David Hummel	Ekenäs
place of death	Alfred Henry Spink (August 24, 1854 -- May 27, 1928) was a Canadian-born American baseball writer and club organizer based mainly in St. Louis, Missouri.	Alfred Henry Spink	St. Louis
place of death	Kazimierz Pochwalski (25 December 1855, Kraków - 7 November 1940, Kraków) was a Polish painter known primarily for his portraits, although he produced works in a wide variety of genres.	Kazimierz Pochwalski	Kraków
place of death	Erdmonas Simonaitis (October 30, 1888 in Juschka-Spötzen (Spiečiai), Province of East Prussia -- February 24, 1969 in Weinheim, West Germany) was a Prussian Lithuanian activist particularly active in the Klaipėda Region (Memel Territory) and advocating its union with Lithuania.	Erdmonas Simonaitis	Weinheim
place of death	Bartolomeo Avanzini (1608--1658) was an Italian architect of the Baroque period, active mainly in Modena, Sassuolo and Reggio Emilia.	Bartolomeo Avanzini	Modena
place of death	In 1892, Anne Marie Carl-Nielsen contributed for the first time to the Free Exhibition () in Copenhagen.	Anne Marie Carl-Nielsen	Copenhagen
place of death	Praised throughout his life for his keen sarcasm and quick wit, John James Ingalls died in Las Vegas, New Mexico on August 16, 1900.	John James Ingalls	Las Vegas
place of death	Dan Burley (November 7, 1907 in Lexington, Kentucky -- October 29, 1962 in Chicago, Illinois) was an American pianist and journalist.	Dan Burley	Chicago
place of death	Herbert Schäfer (16 August 1927 in Siegen -- 16 May 1991 in Siegen) was a German international footballer who played for Sportfreunde Siegen.	Herbert Schäfer	Siegen
place of death	Marie-Elisabeth de Ludres, known as Isabelle de Ludres, chanoinesse de Poussay (1647 in Ludres -- 28 January 1726 in Nancy), was a French noble (marquise), lady-in-waiting, canoness (chanoinesse), and royal mistress of Louis XIV of France in 1675-76.	Isabelle de Ludres	Nancy
place of death	Francisco Antonio Encina Armanet (September 10, 1874, San Javier -- August 23, 1965, Santiago) was a Chilean politician, agricultural businessman, political essayist and historian.	Francisco Antonio Encina	Santiago
place of death	Princess Elisabeth of Stolberg-Rossla (German: Elisabeth zu Stolberg-Roßla; 23 July 1885, Roßla, Grafschaft Stolberg-Roßla -- 16 October 1969, Eutin, Schleswig-Holstein) was the second wife of Duke Johann Albrecht of Mecklenburg, Regent of the Duchy of Brunswick.	Princess Elisabeth of Stolberg-Rossla	Eutin
place of death	Raymond Normand (14 November 1919, Auby (Nord) -- 12 March 2000, Aix-en-Provence; buried in Ventabren) was a French painter.	Raymond Normand	Aix-en-Provence
place of death	Nikolaus Gromann (c. 1500; † November 29, 1566 in Gotha ) was a master builder for the Kurfürst Johann Friedrich (der Großmütige).	Nikolaus Gromann	Gotha
place of death	Hermann Wedekind (July 18, 1910, Coesfeld, Westphalia -- January 16, 1998, Wadern) was an artistic director at Festspiele Balver Höhle in the years 1985 - 1996.	Hermann Wedekind	Wadern
place of death	Diego José Abad y García (June 1, 1727, La Lagunita, near Jiquilpan, Michoacán--September 30, 1779, Bologna, Italy) was a Jesuit poet and translator in New Spain and Italy.	Diego José Abad	Bologna
place of death	Igor Kaczurowskyj (in Ukrainian: Ігор Васильович Качуровський; 1 September 1918, in Nizhyn, Ukraine -- 18 July 2013, in Munich, Germany) was a Ukrainian poet, translator, novelist and short story writer, literary scholar, university lecturer, journalist.	Igor Kaczurowskyj	Munich
place of death	Joaquin Mir Trinxet (Barcelona 6 January 1873 -- 1940) was a Catalan Spanish artist.	Joaquin Mir Trinxet	Barcelona
place of death	Gustave-Édouard Laguesse (23 April 1861 -- 6 November 1927) was a French pathologist and histologist born in Dijon.	Édouard Laguesse	Dijon
place of death	Rodger Wilton Young (April 28, 1918 -- July 31, 1943) was a United States Army soldier during World War II. An infantryman, he was killed on the island of New Georgia while helping his platoon withdraw under enemy fire.	Rodger Wilton Young	New Georgia
place of death	Greet Hofmans (23 June 1894, Amsterdam -- 16 November 1968, Amsterdam) was a faith healer and ``hand layer''.	Greet Hofmans	Amsterdam
place of death	Edmond Martène (22 December 1654, at Saint-Jean-de-Losne near Dijon -- 20 June 1739, at Saint-Germain-des-Prés near Paris) was a French Benedictine historian and liturgist.	Edmond Martène	Saint-Germain-des-Prés
place of death	Gustav Körte (February 8, 1852 in Berlin -- August 15, 1917 in Göttingen) was a German classical archaeologist.	Gustav Körte	Göttingen
place of death	Safa Giray died on 20 June 2011 in Ankara and was buried in Gölbaşı Cemetery following a state funeral in front of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey and a funeral service at the Kocatepe Mosque.	Safa Giray	Ankara
place of death	Dominique Parrenin or Parennin (born at Russey, near Besançon, 1 September 1665; died at Beijing, 29 September 1741) was a French Jesuit missionary to China.	Dominique Parrenin	Beijing
place of death	Moshe Leib Lilienblum (Yiddish: משה לייב לילינבלום‎; October 22, 1843 in Keidany, Kovno Governorate -- February 12, 1910 in Odessa) was a Jewish scholar and author.	Moshe Leib Lilienblum	Odessa
place of death	Christian Leberecht Vogel (4 April 1759, Dresden - 6 April 1816, Dresden) was a German painter, draughtsman and writer on art theory.	Christian Leberecht Vogel	Dresden
place of death	Nanno de Groot died on December 26, 1963 in Provincetown, Massachusetts from lung cancer.	Nanno de Groot	Provincetown
place of death	Émile Allegret (born 24 April 1907 at Dijon and died 22 November 1990 at Vaux-sur-Mer) was a French soldier and member of the French Resistance during World War II.	Émile Allegret	Vaux-sur-Mer
place of death	Bartolomeo Ambrosini (Bologna, 1588 - Bologna, Feb. 3, 1657) was an Italian botanist, physician and naturalist, for over thirty years prefect of the Botanical Garden of Bologna and editor of many of the posthumous works of Ulisse Aldrovandi.	Bartolomeo Ambrosini	Bologna
place of death	Dinu Cocea died from heart failure on 26 December 2013, aged 84, in Paris, France, where he had lived since 1986.	Dinu Cocea	Paris
place of death	Teodoro Cottrau (December 7, 1827 in Naples -- March 30, 1879 in Naples) was an Italian composer, lyricist, publisher, journalist and politician.	Teodoro Cottrau	Naples
place of death	Ercole Luigi Morselli (Pesaro, 19 February 1882 -- Rome, 16 March 1921) was an Italian writer and dramatist.	Ercole Luigi Morselli	Rome
place of death	Ferdinand Mülhens (December 23, 1844 - January 15, 1928) was a land owner and entrepreneur in Königswinter, Germany.	Ferdinand Mülhens	Königswinter
place of death	Andrés de Olmos (c.1485 -- 8 October 1571), Franciscan priest and extraordinary grammarian and ethno-historian of Mexico's Indians, was born in Oña, Burgos, Spain, and died in Tampico in New Spain (modern-day Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico).	Andrés de Olmos	Tampico
place of death	Janus Kamban (10 September 1913 in Tórshavn -- 2 May 2009) was a Faroese sculptor and last living representative from the ``first generation'' of professional artists in the Faroe Islands.	Janus Kamban	Tórshavn
place of death	Anna Davidovna Abamelik-Lazareva (Lazarian) (Armenian: Աննա Դավթի Աբամելիք-Լազարևա (Լազարյան)) (Baratinskaya, April 15, 1814 in Saint-Petersburg - November 25, 1889 in Saint-Petersburg) was a Russian-Armenian translator, lady-in-waiting, socialite and public figure.	Anna Davidovna Abamelik-Lazareva	Saint-Petersburg
place of death	Girolamo Alibrandi (1470-1524), was an Italian painter, born and active in Sicily, called the Raphael of Messina (il Raffaello di Messina).	Girolamo Alibrandi	Messina
place of death	Julia C. Collins (c. 1842 -- November 25, 1865), was an African-American schoolteacher in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, who in 1864 and 1865 contributed essays and other writings to The Christian Recorder, a publication of the African Methodist Episcopal Church.	Julia C. Collins	Williamsport
place of death	On 8 August 2005, Ahmed Deedat died at his home on Trevennen Road in Verulam in the province of KwaZulu-Natal.	Ahmed Deedat	Verulam
place of death	Timoleon Raimondi (5 May 1827 -- 27 September 1894) was the Last Prefect and First Vicar Apostolic of Hong Kong (17 November 1874).	Timoleon Raimondi	Hong Kong
place of death	Kurt Heinrich Meyer or Kurt Otto Hans Meyer (29 September 1883 in Tartu, † 14 April 1952 in Menton) was a German chemist of Baltic origin.	Kurt Heinrich Meyer	Menton
place of death	José Luis Sampedro Sáez (Barcelona, 1 February 1917 -- Madrid, 8 April 2013) was a Spanish economist and writer who advocated an economy ``more humane, more caring, able to help develop the dignity of peoples''.	José Luis Sampedro	Madrid
place of death	Sir Herbert Butterfield (7 October 1900, Oxenhope, Yorkshire -- 20 July 1979, Sawston, Cambridgeshire) was Regius Professor of History and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Cambridge.	Herbert Butterfield	Sawston
place of death	Jan Frans van Douven, or Johan Francois Douven, (Roermond, 2 March 1656 -- Düsseldorf, 1727) was a Southern Netherlandish portrait painter belonging to the Dutch Leyden School.	Jan Frans van Douven	Düsseldorf
place of death	Johannes Mentelin, sometimes also spelled Mentlin, (born around 1410 in Schlettstadt, today Sélestat; died December 12, 1478 in Strasbourg) was a pioneering German book printer and bookseller active during the period during which incunabula were printed.	Johannes Mentelin	Strasbourg
place of death	Melchior Meyr (June 28, 1810 in Wallerstein-Ehringen -- April 22, 1871 in Munich) was a German poet, novelist and philosopher.	Melchior Meyr	Munich
place of death	Nathan Alcock was born at Aston, near Runcorn, Cheshire, England, the second son of David Alcock and his wife Mary née Breck.	Nathan Alcock	Runcorn
place of death	Edward Kenealy commuted to London and Oxford for his law practice but returned at weekends and other times to be with his family.	Edward Kenealy	London
place of death	Henrikas Radauskas (born in 1910 in Kraków, Poland, died in 1970 in Washington, D.C.) was a Lithuanian poet and writer.	Henrikas Radauskas	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Théodore Lack (3 September 1846, Quimper - 25 November 1921, Paris) was a French pianist and composer.	Théodore Lack	Paris
place of death	Francesco Lismanini (Corfu, ca. 1504 - Königsberg, April 1566) was an Italian Franciscan friar of Greek origin, who converted to Calvinism.	Francesco Lismanini	Königsberg
place of death	Pablo de Rokha (October 17, 1894 in Licantén, Chile - September 10, 1968 in Santiago, Chile) was a Chilean poet.	Pablo de Rokha	Santiago
place of death	Momia Juanita (Spanish for ``Mummy Juanita''), also known as the Inca Ice Maiden and Lady of Ampato, is the well-preserved frozen body of an Inca girl who was killed as an offering to the Inca gods sometime between 1450 and 1480 when she was approximately 11--15 years old.	Mummy Juanita	Ampato
place of death	Abraham Whipple (September 26, 1733 -- May 27, 1819) was an American revolutionary commander in the Continental Navy, and later one of the founders of Marietta, Ohio.	Abraham Whipple	Marietta
place of death	Blue Mitchell kept his hard-bop playing going with the Harold Land quintet up until his death from cancer on May 21, 1979, in Los Angeles, at the age of 49.	Blue Mitchell	Los Angeles
place of death	Der Kantor Bartholomäus Gesius zu Frankfurt-Oder Frankfurt/Oder:	Bartholomäus Gesius	Frankfurt-Oder
place of death	Carl Hiekisch was born in Tallinn and studied in Saint Petersburg and Tartu.	Carl Hiekisch	Tallinn
place of death	Martin Deutinger (24 March 1815 -- 9 September 1864) was a German philosopher and religious writer, born in Langenpreising, Bavaria, and died at Pfäfers, Switzerland.	Martin Deutinger	Pfäfers
place of death	He received a master's degree in African and Afro-American studies from Cornell University in 1980 and a Ph.D from the Union of Experimental Colleges and Universities with the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington, D.C. He founded James Forman and Associates, a political consulting group.	James Forman	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Christian Rudolph Wilhelm Wiedemann (December 7, 1770 in Brunswick -- December 31, 1840 in Kiel), was a German physician, historian, naturalist and entomologist.	Christian Rudolph Wilhelm Wiedemann	Kiel
place of death	Waldemar Kazanecki ((valˈdɛmar kazaˈnɛtski); born 29 April 1929 in Warsaw, Poland, died 20 December 1991 in Warsaw) was a Polish pianist, conductor and composer.	Waldemar Kazanecki	Warsaw
place of death	The death of Walter Page on December 20, 1957 was very much a surprise, as the bassist had been playing gigs around New York City right up until his death.	Walter Page	New York City
place of death	Charles Lanman died at Georgetown, D.C., on March 4, 1895	Charles Lanman	Georgetown
place of death	Vincent Vidal (20 January 1811 in Carcassonne -- 1887 in Paris) was a French painter, pastellist, and watercolourist.	Vincent Vidal	Paris
place of death	Gustaf Murray (28 March 1747 - 4 May 1825) was Bishop of Västerås in Sweden from 1811 to 1825.	Gustaf Murray	Västerås
place of death	Henri Berr (31 January 1863, Lunéville -- 19 November 1954, Paris) was a French philosopher and lycée teacher, known as the founder of the journal Revue de synthèse.	Henri Berr	Paris
place of death	Bartolomeo Merelli (19 May 1794 -- 10 April 1879) was an Italian impresario and librettist, best known as the manager of the La Scala Milan opera house between 1829 and 1850, and for his support for the young Giuseppe Verdi.	Bartolomeo Merelli	Milan
place of death	John McKeon (March 29, 1808, Albany, New York -- November 22, 1883, New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	John McKeon	New York City
place of death	Mordechai Anielewicz (1919 -- 8 May 1943) was the leader of Żydowska Organizacja Bojowa (English: Jewish Combat Organization), also known as ŻOB, during the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising from January to May 1943.	Mordechai Anielewicz	Warsaw
place of death	Philippe-Étienne Lafosse (born 1738 in Paris, France; died June 1820 in Villeneuve-sur-Yonne, France), was a French veterinarian and the son of Étienne-Guillaume Lafosse, a farrier.	Philippe-Étienne Lafosse	Villeneuve-sur-Yonne
place of death	John Henry Blunt (25 August 1823 Chelsea -- April 11, 1884 in London) was an English divine.	John Henry Blunt	London
place of death	Konrad Wimpina (Wiminae, Wiminesis; real name Konrad Koch) (b. at Buchen in Baden, about 1465; d. at Amorbach in Lower Franconia, 17 May 1531) was a German Roman Catholic theologian and humanist of the early Reformation period.	Konrad Wimpina	Amorbach
place of death	Leila Esfandyari (Persian: لیلا اسفندیاری‎‎; Feb 17, 1970 in Iran -- July 22, 2011, Gasherbrum II, Pakistan) was an Iranian mountain climber.	Leila Esfandyari	Gasherbrum II
place of death	Adolf Pilch (22 May 1914, Wisła, Austrian Silesia -- 26 January 2000, London) was a Polish resistance fighter (codenames Góra and Dolina).	Adolf Pilch	London
place of death	Alexander Bening (died 1519), also Sanders Bening, was an early 16th-century miniature painter of the Ghent-Bruges school and Netherlandish tradition.	Alexander Bening	Ghent
place of death	Tevfik Rüştü Aras (1883 in Çanakkale -- January 5, 1972 in Istanbul) was a Turkish politician, serving as deputy and foreign minister of Turkey during the Atatürk era (1920-1939).	Tevfik Rüştü Aras	Istanbul
place of death	Maryana Marrash was born in Aleppo, a city of Ottoman Syria (present-day Syria), to an old Melkite family of merchants known for their literary interests.	Maryana Marrash	Aleppo
place of death	Ergican Saydam studied with Friedrich von Statzer (Ferdi Statzer) in Istanbul Conservatory and with Friedrich Wührer in Staatliche Hochschule für Musik in Munich.	Ergican Saydam	Istanbul
place of death	Friedrich Konrad Müller (born November 14, 1823 Ummerstadt; † 26 April 1881 in Leipzig) was a German poet, journalist and physician.	Friedrich Konrad Müller	Leipzig
place of death	Jeanne Julie Éléonore de Lespinasse (9 November 1732 -- 23 May 1776) ran a prominent salon in Paris during the Enlightenment.	Jeanne Julie Éléonore de Lespinasse	Paris
place of death	David Zvi Hoffmann (November 24, 1843, Verbó, Austrian Empire -- November 20, 1921, Berlin) (Hebrew: דוד צבי הופמן), was an Orthodox Rabbi and Torah Scholar.	David Zvi Hoffmann	Berlin
place of death	Alexandra Boulat (May 2, 1962 -- October 5, 2007) was a French photographer born in Paris.	Alexandra Boulat	Paris
place of death	Osvald Chlubna (July 22, 1893, Brno -- October 30, 1971, Brno) was a prominent Czech composer.	Osvald Chlubna	Brno
place of death	Heinrich Landesmann, Hieronymus Lorm (9 August 1821, Nikolsburg -- 4 December 1902, Brno) was an Austrian poet and philosophical writer.	Heinrich Landesmann	Brno
position played on team / speciality	Vlade Lazarevski (Macedonian: Владе Лазаревски, born 9 June 1983 in Krusevac) is a defender from the Republic of Macedonia who plays for Serbian side Radnički Niš.	Vlade Lazarevski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Emil Stoev (Bulgarian: Емил Стоев) (born 15 March 1986) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Dimitrovgrad as a forward.	Emil Stoev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hermenegildo da Costa Paulo Bartolomeu, simply known as Geraldo (born November 23, 1991), is an Angolan international football midfielder who plays for Atlético-GO.	Hermenegildo da Costa Paulo Bartolomeu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonis Panagi (Greek: Αντώνης Παναγή; born 26 August 1983) is a Cypriot football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Omonia Aradippou in the Cypriot Second Division.	Antonis Panagi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Matías Cahais (born 24 December 1987 in Morón, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine football central defender.	Matías Cahais	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kursanbek Sheratov (ru: Курсанбек Шератов), born 10 March 1989, is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays as a defender for Dordoi Bishkek.	Kursanbek Sheratov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jesper Drost (born 11 January 1993 in Nunspeet) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for FC Groningen in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Jesper Drost	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	John Barry Dyson (6 September 1942 -- 26 February 1995; better known as Barry Dyson) was an English association footballer who played as a centre forward.	Barry Dyson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Milan Đurišić, (born 11 April 1987 in Titograd, SR Montenegro, Yugoslavia), is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Milan Đurišić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lyes Houri (born 19 January 1996) is a French footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Ligue 1 side SC Bastia.He Born to a Algerian mother and Moroccan father.	Lyes Houri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paul Mayo (born 13 October 1981 in Lincoln) is an English former professional footballer, who played as a defender from 1999 to 2014.	Paul Mayo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milan Simeunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилaн Cимeунoвић; born 14 May 1967) is a Serbian former football goalkeeper.	Milan Simeunović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dimitris Sounas (Greek: Δημήτρης Σουνάς; born on 12 August 1994 in Portaria, Greece), is a forward currently playing in the Football League 2 for Aris.	Dimitris Sounas	forward
position played on team / speciality	Colin West (born 13 November 1962) was an English footballer who played as a forward, and now works assistant manager to Keith Curle at Carlisle United.	Colin West	forward
position played on team / speciality	Fred Creighton (born June 24, 1930 in Port Arthur, Ontario -- d. September 28, 2011) was a Canadian ice hockey centre and coach.	Fred Creighton	centre
position played on team / speciality	Nusret Yıldırım (born April 27, 1989) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays as a power forward for Banvit B.K. of the Turkish Basketball League.	Nusret Yıldırım	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Adolfo Aldana Torres (born 5 January 1966) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder.	Adolfo Aldana	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michał Karwan (born February 7, 1979 in Gliwice) is a Polish association football defender who is now a free agent.	Michał Karwan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Assane N'Diaye (born August 1, 1974 in Nguekoh, Senegal, died February 13, 2008 in Dakar, Senegal) was a football defender from Senegal.	Assane N'Diaye	defender
position played on team / speciality	Calaum Jahraldo-Martin (born 27 April 1993) is an Antiguan professional footballer who plays as a forward for Leyton Orient on loan from Hull City.	Calaum Jahraldo-Martin	forward
position played on team / speciality	A. Naresh (born 5 May 1986) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for ONGC in the I-League.	A. Naresh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mike Gentile (born May 24, 1974) was a U.S. soccer midfielder who, while drafted twice by teams in Major League Soccer, spent his seven season career in the second division USISL.	Mike Gentile	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Özer Hurmacı (born 20 November 1986 in Kassel) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a winger or attacking midfielder for Turkish club Trabzonspor.	Özer Hurmacı	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stanislav Mykytsey (Ukrainian: Станіслав Ігорович Микицей, born 7 September 1989 in Donetsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who belongs to PFC Oleksandriya in the Ukrainian First League.	Stanislav Mykytsey	defender
position played on team / speciality	Syaiful Iskandar is a Singaporean footballer who used to play for Warriors & Tampines Rovers as a defender.	Syaiful Iskandar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Philippe DeRouville (born August 7, 1974 in Victoriaville, Quebec) is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender.	Philippe DeRouville	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Brett Solkhon (born 12 September 1982) is an English footballer who plays for Kettering Town formerly as a central midfielder, but now primarily as a centre back.	Brett Solkhon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bjarni Sigurðsson (born 16 October 1960) is an Icelandic former international footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Bjarni Sigurðsson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sinforiano García (born August 22, 1924), is a Paraguayan retired professional football (soccer) goalkeeper, who played for two top level Paraguayan clubs and for Brazilian club Flamengo.	Sinforiano García	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Robson de Souza (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈʁɔpsõ) or (ˈʁɔbisõ d(ʒi) ˈsowzɐ), born 25 January 1984), more commonly known as Robinho (Brazilian Portuguese: (ʁɔˈbĩɲu)), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro as a forward.	Robinho	forward
position played on team / speciality	Emmet E. Tracy III (born December 20, 1973), better known as Tripp Tracy, is a retired American professional ice hockey goaltender and is currently the television color commentator for the Carolina Hurricanes.	Tripp Tracy	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Shaquill Sno (born 5 January 1996) is a Dutch footballer of Surinamese descent, who plays as a defender.	Shaquill Sno	defender
position played on team / speciality	Guan Zhen (simplified Chinese: 关震; traditional Chinese: 關震; pinyin: Guān Zhèn; born February 6, 1985 in Tianjin) is a Chinese international footballer who currently plays for Shijiazhuang Ever Bright as a goalkeeper in the Chinese Super League.	Guan Zhen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marián Sluka (born 22 July 1979) is a football midfielder from Slovakia.	Marián Sluka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marco Ilaimaharitra (born 26 July 1995 in Mulhouse) is a French footballer of Malagasy descent who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Ligue 2 side FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.	Marco Ilaimaharitra	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lea Barkus (born 7 December 1974) is an English former footballer who played as forward for Reading and Fulham.	Lea Barkus	forward
position played on team / speciality	George Mallia (born 10 October 1978 in Sliema, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Qormi FC as a midfielder.	George Mallia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dorian Harper is a defender and midfielder who plays for P.C. United FC in the Montserrat Championship	Dorian Harper	defender
position played on team / speciality	Karlo Žganec (born 25 July 1995) is a Croatian professional basketball player, currently playing as a power forward and a center for Cedevita of the Croatian League.	Karlo Žganec	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Musa Hammad (born in Amman) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin, who plays as a forward for Al-Sheikh Hussein.	Musa Hammad	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sohrab Bakhtiarizadeh (Persian: سهراب بختيارى زاده ‎‎, born September 11, 1972 in Ahvaz, Iran) is a retired Iranian football defender.	Sohrab Bakhtiarizadeh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Wesley Lopes Beltrame (born 24 June 1987), simply known as Wesley, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São Paulo FC as a central or an attacking midfielder.	Wesley Lopes Beltrame	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Shannon Boxx (born June 29, 1977) is an American retired soccer player and former member of the United States women's national soccer team, playing the defensive midfielder position.	Shannon Boxx	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stewart Bart Farley is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Bart Farley	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sander Rozema (born 19 June 1987 in Roden) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Emmen.	Sander Rozema	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dr. Ieva Bidermane (born 6 November 1984) is a Latvian football midfielder.	Ieva Bidermane	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Born in 1918 in Istanbul, Gündüz Kılıç attended Galatasaray Lycee and then started his football career as a center forward with Galatasaray SK.	Gündüz Kılıç	forward
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Jumisse commonly known as Jumisse (born June 6, 1984 in Maputo, Mozambique) is a Mozambican footballer who plays for C.D. Primeiro de Agosto in Angola, as an attacking midfielder.	Eduardo Jumisse	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marios Constantinou (Greek: Μάριος Κωνσταντίνου; born on 14 July 1967 in Famagusta, Cyprus) is a former international Cypriot football midfielder and current manager.	Marios Constantinou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Allan Monteiro Dias, commonly known as Allan Dias (born 19 October 1988), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Guaraní as an attacking midfielder.	Allan Monteiro Dias	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kęstutis Šeštokas (born April 15, 1976) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player, who plays at the power forward position.	Kęstutis Šeštokas	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Enow Juvette Tabot (born 8 June 1989 in Tiko) is a Cameroon football midfielder, who plays for Zarica Kranj in the Slovenian Third League.	Enow Juvette Tabot	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lyubomir Vitanov (Bulgarian: Любомир Витанов; born 11 May 1981 in Gotse Delchev) is a Bulgarian football midfielder currently playing for Bansko.	Lyubomir Vitanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zdravko Šimić (born 8 September 1977) is a former Croatian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sengkang Punggol of the Singapore S-League.	Zdravko Šimić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Gianniotis (Greek: Ανδρέας Γιαννιώτης, born 12 December 1992) is a Greek footballer who plays for Superleague Greece club Panionios F.C., as a goalkeeper.	Andreas Gianniotis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nora Neset Gjøen (born 20 February 1992) is a Norwegian football goalkeeper who plays in the Toppserien league for LSK Kvinner.	Nora Neset Gjøen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ray Emery (born September 28, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who was most recently on a professional tryout (PTO) with the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League (AHL) until his release on February 4, 2016.	Ray Emery	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Renato Cunha Valle, better known as Renato, (born in Rio de Janeiro, December 5, 1944) is a former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Renato Cunha Valle	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977) is a Danish former footballer who played in the centre back position.	Martin Laursen	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Christopher Drew Carter (born September 5, 1981) is a former American football wide receiver of the National Football League.	Drew Carter	wide receiver
position played on team / speciality	Tomislav Pelin (born 26 March 1981, in Zagreb) is a Croatian football player, currently playing as a goalkeeper for the Slovenian PrvaLiga side Krka.	Tomislav Pelin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ergi Borshi (born 9 August 1995 in Shkodër) is an Albanian football player who plays as a midfielder for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga.	Ergi Borshi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vykintas Slivka (born 29 April 1995) is a Lithuanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Den Bosch, on loan from Juventus, in the Dutch Eerste Divisie and for the Lithuanian national team.	Vykintas Slivka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daria Antończyk (born 7 December 1983) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Wałbrzych and the Poland women's national football team.	Daria Antończyk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Neville Siebert is a former football (soccer) goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level.	Neville Siebert	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Chana Masson (born 18 December 1978 in Capinzal) is a Brazilian handball goalkeeper.	Chana Masson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Frain (born 11 October 1962) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder, making over 250 career appearances.	David Frain	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Xabier Eskurza García (born 17 January 1970 in Trapagaran, Biscay, Basque Country) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder.	Xabier Eskurza	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabio Petruzzi (born 24 October 1970 in Rome) is a retired Italian professional football player, who played as a defender.	Fabio Petruzzi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Malik Buari (born 21 January 1984 in Accra, Ghana) is a Ghanaian football midfielder and left-sided defender.	Malik Buari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Petrakov (Ukrainian: Олександр Васильович Петраков; born 6 August 1957 in Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a former Soviet professional football defender and current Ukrainian coach.	Oleksandr Petrakov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Branko Dragutinović (born 8 September 1961), is a Bosnian Serb retired football defender, who last played for Herzlake in Germany's Regionalliga Nord.	Branko Dragutinović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francois Uys (born 12 March 1986) is a South African rugby union footballer who normally plays as a lock or flanker.	Francois Uys	flanker
position played on team / speciality	César Rodríguez Álvarez (6 July 1920 -- 1 March 1995), sometimes known just as César, was a Spanish football forward and manager.	César Rodríguez Álvarez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Scott Howie (born 4 January 1972 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional football goalkeeper.	Scott Howie	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Emmanuel Osei (born 23 August 1982, in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Ashanti Gold SC as a defender.	Emmanuel Osei	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marios Oikonomou (Greek: Μάριος Οικονόμου; born 6 October 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Bologna, in the Serie A, as a central defender.	Marios Oikonomou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Plamen Timnev (Bulgarian: Пламен Тимнев) (born 26 March 1973) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a forward.	Plamen Timnev	forward
position played on team / speciality	George Watkin (born 14 April 1944) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a forward.	George Watkin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Romualdo Moro (9 August 1929, in Montevideo, Uruguay -- 19 June 2001, in Santiago, Chile) was a former football forward.	Romualdo Moro	forward
position played on team / speciality	Shraga Bar (Hebrew: שרגא בר‎; born March 24, 1948) is a former Israeli football defender, who played for the Israel national team between 1968 and 1972.	Shraga Bar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gary Gardner (born 29 June 1992) is an English footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Nottingham Forest on loan from Aston Villa.	Gary Gardner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wu Wenbing (伍文兵; born 28 July 1965) is a Chinese football midfielder who played for China in the 1988 Asian Cup.	Wu Wenbing	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohammad Hossein Naeiji (Persian: محمد حسین نائیجی‎‎), is an Iranian goalkeeper who currently plays for Khoneh Be Khoneh in the Iran Football's 2nd Division.	Mohammad Hossein Naeiji	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nika Dzalamidze (Georgian: ნიკა ძალამიძე; born 6 January 1992 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian footballer, attacking midfielder currently plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor.	Nika Dzalamidze	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Felipe Manoel Gonçalves (born 4 November 1989), known as Felipe Manoel or simply Felipe, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Rio Preto Esporte Clube as a central midfielder.	Felipe Manoel Gonçalves	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Phelelani Mpangase (born 30 December 1983 in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African football (soccer) defender for Platinum Stars.	Phelelani Mpangase	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pietro Maiellaro (born September 29, 1963 in Candela, Province of Foggia) is a former Italian football (soccer) player, in the role of midfielder, and now a coach.	Pietro Maiellaro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joseph Cudjoe (born 17 October 1995) is a Ghanaian football midfielder who last played for Radnik Surdulica.	Joseph Cudjoe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Derek Panter is a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Manchester City and Torquay United.	Derek Panter	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Ali Sowe (born 14 June 1994) is a Gambian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Modena on loan from Chievo.	Ali Sowe	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gianluca Sordo (born 2 December 1969 in Carrara, Tuscany) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Gianluca Sordo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arnold Charlesworth (6 July 1930 -- 1972) is an English former professional footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for York City, in non-League football for Boston United and Grantham, and was on the books of West Bromwich Albion and Rotherham United without making a league appearance.	Arnold Charlesworth	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kiril Yovovich (Bulgarian: Кирил Йовович) (29 December 1905 -- 9 February 1979) was a Bulgarian footballer who played as an inside forward for Levski Sofia and Bulgaria during the 1920s.	Kiril Yovovich	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Georgi Vladimirov (Bulgarian: Георги Владимиров; born 15 June 1976) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward.	Georgi Vladimirov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Scott Coufal is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who spent two seasons in Major League Soccer.	Scott Coufal	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	André Filipe Lopes Almeida (born 16 May 1995) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Clube Oriental de Lisboa, as a defender.	André Filipe Lopes Almeida	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alex Venters, an inside forward, joined Rangers in November 1933 after his first club Cowdenbeath.	Alex Venters	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Óscar Pérez Bovela (born 27 August 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Caudal Deportivo as a midfielder (right or central).	Óscar Pérez Bovela	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Admir Mehmedi (born 16 March 1991) is a Swiss international footballer of Albanian descent who plays as a second striker or centre forward for Bayer Leverkusen of the Bundesliga.	Admir Mehmedi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Todor Palankov (Bulgarian: Тодор Паланков; born 13 January 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Cherno More as a defensive midfielder.	Todor Palankov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jürgen Rindler (born 10 April 1986) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Erste Liga club TSV Hartberg.	Jürgen Rindler	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dimitrios Vosnakidis (born 14 February 1994) is a Greek footballer who plays for Italian side Lucchese, on loan from Bari, as a central defender.	Dimitrios Vosnakidis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ashley Ward (born 24 November 1970) is a businessman and retired English footballer who played centre forward.	Ashley Ward	forward
position played on team / speciality	Robbie Buttigieg was a Maltese football defender who played for Sliema Wanderers and represented Malta at international level.	Robbie Buttigieg	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dickie Johnson (born 20 February 1953) is an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Tranmere Rovers, Altrincham and South Liverpool.	Dickie Johnson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	António de Deus da Costa Matos Bentes de Oliveira (born 29 August 1927 in Portalegre - unknown) known as Bentes, was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	Bentes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sultan Rashed (born 5 December 1976) is an Emirati football midfielder who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup.	Sultan Rashed	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Samuel San José Fernández (born 1 March 1984 in Santander, Cantabria), known simply as Samuel or Samu for short, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Mexican club Atlético San Luis as a defender.	Samuel San José Fernández	defender
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Welsby (17 November 1902 -- 24 April 1980) was an English footballer who played as an outside forward.	Arthur Welsby	forward
position played on team / speciality	George Clawley (10 April 1875 -- 16 July 1920) was an English professional goalkeeper who played for Stoke, Southampton and Tottenham Hotspur in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	George Clawley	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Sendobry is a retired American soccer defender who spent one season in the American Soccer League and four in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Jeff Sendobry	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yordan Filipov (Bulgarian: Йордан Филипов; 5 August 1946 - 30 November 1995) was a Bulgarian football goalkeeper.	Yordan Filipov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Aleksei Gulo (Russian: Алексей Гуло; born October 15, 1973) is a retired Russian professional footballer who played as a defender.	Aleksei Gulo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Witthaya Nabthong is a Thai football defender who played for Thai internationals in the 2000 AFC Asian Cup.	Witthaya Nabthong	defender
position played on team / speciality	Laurence Batty, sometimes known as George Batty, is a retired English football goalkeeper who played in the Football League for Fulham.	Laurence Batty	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Zlatko Krmpotić (Serbian Cyrillic: Злaткo Kpмпoтић ;born 7 August 1958 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football manager and former defender.	Zlatko Krmpotić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ville Väisänen (born 19 April 1977) is a Finnish former footballer who last played as defender in Finnish second division team FC OPA.	Ville Väisänen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Connor McManus (born 29 February 1996) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Alloa Athletic, on loan from Celtic.	Connor McManus	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arben Minga (16 March 1959 in Tirana -- 31 January 2007 in Windsor, Canada) was an Albanian footballer, who played as a centre-forward and a central defender.	Arben Minga	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gian Francesco Gonçalves Mariano (September 19, 1982), known only by Gian, is a Brazilian footballer who acts as a defender.	Gian Francesco Gonçalves Mariano	defender
position played on team / speciality	Igor Tkalčević (born 26 November 1974) is a Croatian football defender currently playing for Opatija in Croatia's Treća HNL.	Igor Tkalčević	defender
position played on team / speciality	In May 2008, Mithyuê was invited for the retired Brazil international midfielder Paulo César Carpegiani to make a trial in football for Grêmio.	Mithyuê	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christopher Larson (born 1 October 1991) is a Bahamian international footballer who played college soccer for The Catholic University of America, as a midfielder.	Christopher Larson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aleš Mejač (born 18 March 1983 in Kranj) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as a defender for Rijeka on loan from Maribor.	Aleš Mejač	defender
position played on team / speciality	Danny Venter (born 19 May 1987 in Klerksdorp) is a South African professional footballer, who currently plays for South African Premier Division club Free State Stars as a midfielder.	Danny Venter	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maksym Marusych (Ukrainian: Максим В′ячеславович Марусич; born 17 July 1993 in Poltava, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who played for club FC Hirnyk-Sport Komsomolsk in the Ukrainian First League.	Maksym Marusych	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Julio Antonio Medina Morales, also known as Julio Medina III (born 14 July 1976 in Panama, Panama) is a retired football midfielder.	Julio Medina III	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juliano Pescarolo Martins (born 26 August 1974), commonly known as Paquito, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a forward.	Juliano Pescarolo Martins	forward
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Rodríguez Pérez (born 27 March 1977 in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa), known as Txiki, is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a left midfielder.	Daniel Rodríguez Pérez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tawfeeq Salie (born 21 July 1991 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) goalkeeper who currently plays for Premier Soccer League club Maritzburg United.	Tawfeeq Salie	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Armands Bērziņš (born December 27, 1983) is a Latvian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for HC Pustertal Wölfe of the LIHG.	Armands Bērziņš	centre
position played on team / speciality	Harry Clegg (born 1898, date of death unknown) was an English professional association footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Harry Clegg	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ayfer Topluoğlu (born January 31, 1977) is a Turkish former women's football goalkeeper and manager.	Ayfer Topluoğlu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Pazzagli (January 18, 1960 -- July 31, 2011) was an Italian footballer who played as a goalkeeper, most notably for A.C. Milan in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Andrea Pazzagli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Justin Falk (born October 11, 1988 in Winnipeg Mb Raised in Snowflake Mb) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Justin Falk	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Chizzo (19 April 1916 -- August 1969) was an Italian association football midfielder.	Bruno Chizzo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Perić (born 13 February 1997) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a defender for VfB Stuttgart II. His parents emigrated from Bosnia and Herzegovina to Austria.	Stefan Perić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joris Delle (born 29 March 1990 in Briey) is a French football player who plays as a goalkeeper for French club RC Lens in Ligue 2.	Joris Delle	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Predrag Stanimirović (Serbian Cyrillic: Предраг Станимировић; born 9 September 1995) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Sinđelić Beograd, on loan from Voždovac.	Predrag Stanimirović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Petr Bolek (born 13 June 1984) is a Czech football goalkeeper who currently plays in Viktoria Plzeň.	Petr Bolek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rui Jorge Costa Figueiredo (known as Rui Figueiredo) (born 7 April 1983 in Barcelos, Portugal) is a Portuguese football midfielder who last played for Nea Salamis Famagusta FC at Cypriot Second Division.	Rui Jorge Costa Figueiredo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paolo Frangipane (born on 11 July 1979 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football midfielder, who currently plays for Atlético Camioneros.	Paolo Frangipane	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Micah Aivazoff (born May 4, 1969 in Powell River, British Columbia) is a former professional ice hockey centre of Armenian descent.	Micah Aivazoff	centre
position played on team / speciality	Mario Lemina (French pronunciation: ​(maʁjo ləmina); born 1 September 1993 in Libreville) is a Gabonese professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Italian club Juventus on loan from Marseille and the Gabon national football team.	Mario Lemina	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Slaven Stjepanović (Cyrillic: Славен Стјепановић, born 2 November 1987) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays for the Divizia Naţională club Dacia Chisinau as an attacking midfielder, who can also play as a winger and a striker.	Slaven Stjepanović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Welsh is a former a U.S. soccer forward who played five seasons in the North American Soccer League, one in the American Soccer League and at least one in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Kevin Welsh	forward
position played on team / speciality	Issa Al-Sabah (born 25 December 1987) is a Jordanian footballer, of Palestinian origin, who plays as a forward for Shabab Al-Ordon and the Jordan national football team.	Issa Al-Sabah	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jay Ayres (born February 25, 1986 in Valrico, Florida) is an American soccer defender.	Jay Ayres	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bohdan Myshenko (Ukrainian: Богдан Олексійович Мишенко; born 29 December 1994 in Heronymivka, Cherkasy Raion, Cherkasy Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who played for FC Milsami Orhei in the Moldovan National Division.	Bohdan Myshenko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Cassar (born February 2, 1974) is an American soccer coach and former goalkeeper, who is currently the head coach of Real Salt Lake of Major League Soccer.	Jeff Cassar	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	William Conway Smith (13 July 1926 -- 1989), known as Conway Smith, was an English footballer born in Huddersfield, Yorkshire, who played as an inside forward for Huddersfield Town, Queens Park Rangers and Halifax Town in the Football League, and in non-league football for Nelson.	Conway Smith	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Shabalin (born 23 October 1988) is a Kazakhstani footballer currently playing for Kazakhstan Premier League club FC Atyrau as a midfielder.	Pavel Shabalin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Glen Featherstone (born July 8, 1968) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman.	Glen Featherstone	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Roland Mitoraj (born February 5, 1940 in Bourges) is a French retired professional football defender of Polish descent.	Roland Mitoraj	defender
position played on team / speciality	Troy Brouwer (born August 17, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger currently playing for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Troy Brouwer	winger
position played on team / speciality	Aldo Serena (born in Montebelluna on 25 June 1960) is an Italian former footballer, who was usually deployed as a forward.	Aldo Serena	forward
position played on team / speciality	Koos Waslander (born 3 February 1957) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Koos Waslander	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Acerbi (Italian pronunciation: (franˈtʃesko aˈtʃɛrbi); born 10 February 1988) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Sassuolo in Serie A, mainly as a central defender.	Francesco Acerbi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Robert Campbell Forsyth (born 5 May 1939) is a retired Scottish footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for St. Mirren, Kilmarnock and Southampton.	Campbell Forsyth	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Aleisha Cramer (born July 29, 1982, in Wheat Ridge, Colorado) is an American former soccer midfielder and Collegiate Assistant Coach who played for Brigham Young University and the US Women's National Soccer Team.	Aleisha Cramer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Boyan Iliev (Bulgarian: Боян Илиев; born 21 August 1982) is a Bulgarian football defender and midfielder who currently plays for Kaliakra Kavarna.	Boyan Iliev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roger Marche (March 5, 1924 -- November 1, 1997) was a French football (soccer) defender.	Roger Marche	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Luis Ribera Uranga (born 1 June 1965 in Azkoitia, Gipuzkoa) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and a current coach.	José Luis Ribera	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kieran Burns (born 23 March 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Clydebank in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Kieran Burns	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ilie Sánchez Farrés (born 21 November 1990), known simply as Ilie, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Elche CF on loan from German club 1860 Munich as a defensive midfielder.	Ilie Sánchez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ralph O'Donnell (17 October 1931 -- May 2011) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half.	Ralph O'Donnell	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Tomáš Mojžíš (born May 2, 1982) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman playing for Slovan Bratislava of the Kontinental Hockey League.	Tomáš Mojžíš	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Tove Enblom (born 20 November 1994) is a Swedish footballer who plays in the fully professional Damallsvenskan, a Swedish women league, as a goalkeeper.	Tove Enblom	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Orlando Martínez Peña (born September 30, 1979 in El Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran football player, who most prominently played as a forward for Luis Ángel Firpo.	José Orlando Martínez Peña	forward
position played on team / speciality	I Made Pasek Wijaya (born 5 July 1969 in Denpasar, Bali) is a former player for the Indonesia national football team, he played normally as a midfielder.	I Made Pasek Wijaya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lino Marzorati (born 12 October 1986) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Serie B club Modena.	Lino Marzorati	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rusi Gochev (Bulgarian: Руси Гочев; born 9 March 1958 in Burgas) is a Bulgarian retired football winger.	Rusi Gochev	winger
position played on team / speciality	Kristina Chichkala is a Russian football defender, currently playing for FK Donchanka in the Russian championship.	Kristina Chichkala	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milenko Kovačević (Serbian Cyrillic:Миленко Ковачевић; born 6 November 1963) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Yugoslavia, Greece and Cyprus.	Milenko Kovačević	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ramiro Castillo Salinas (March 27, 1966 -- October 18, 1997) was a football midfielder who was capped 52 times and scored 5 international goals for Bolivia between 1989 and 1997.	Ramiro Castillo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nizaam Carr (born 4 April 1991) is a South African rugby union footballer who plays either as a flanker or number 8.	Nizaam Carr	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Laas (born 5 May 1984 in Hamburg-Niendorf) is a retied German attacking midfielder.	Alexander Laas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ted Clamp (1924--1990) was an English footballer who gained considerable local renown as a goalkeeper for various teams during the 1940s, 50s and early 60s.	Ted Clamp	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Scheuring (born 13 December 1981 in Göppingen, Baden-Württemberg) is a German football defender played for VfR Aalen in Germany.	Thomas Scheuring	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mirko Valdifiori (born 21 April 1986) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Napoli and the Italian national team.	Mirko Valdifiori	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Terens Puhiri (born 13 October 1996) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Pusamania Borneo as a defender.	Terens Puhiri	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jan Kjell Larsen (born 24 June 1983 in Haugesund) is a Norwegian football goalkeeper who is currently a free agent.	Jan Kjell Larsen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Steven Ehricks (born 11 September 1989) is a Puerto Rican international soccer player who plays college soccer for Hofstra University, as a defender.	Steven Ehricks	defender
position played on team / speciality	Robbie Abel (born 4 July 1989) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as an hooker for the Western Force in Super Rugby.	Robbie Abel	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Kirkie Lawson is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a forward.	Kirkie Lawson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jucilei da Silva, known simply as Jucilei (born 6 April 1988 in São Gonçalo) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chinese club Shandong Luneng.	Jucilei	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Welton Felipe Marcos Soares (born June 15, 1986 in Belo Horizonte), is a Brazilian central defender who currently plays for Mirassol.	Welton Felipe	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mehmet Mehmet (born 23 December 1985) is a Bulgarian-born Swedish and Turkish descent footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Mehmet Mehmet	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Parravicini (born 31 January 1982) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder .	Francesco Parravicini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dunga was a strong, ball-winning defensive midfielder, with good technique, tactical versatility, and an ability to read the game well.	Dunga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Fernando Barroso Maciel (born 12 November 1986 in Barcelos), aka Campinho, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Marinhas as a defensive midfielder.	Jorge Fernando Barroso Maciel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Nzokira (born 24 October 1987) is a Burundian footballer who currently plays for the Djibouti Télécom as a goalkeeper.	Jeff Nzokira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Radostin Stanev (Bulgarian: Радостин Станев; born 11 July 1975 in Varna) is a former Bulgarian football player who played as a goalkeeper.	Radostin Stanev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Eguerreiro Vata Garcia Edemar (born 13 June 1986), simply known as Edemar Garcia, is an Australian footballer with Angolan descent, who played as a midfielder for Arema Cronous in Indonesia Super League.	Edemar Garcia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohammed Al-Waked (Arabic: محمد الواكد‎, born March 25, 1992) is a Saudi footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Saudi Professional League team Al-Hilal.	Mohammed Al-Waked	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lautaro Fernández is an Argentine footballer who plays as a Centre forward for Platense.	Lautaro Fernández	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dominic Jalbert (born August 2, 1989) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing with the University of Ottawa in the Ontario University Athletics (OUA).	Dominic Jalbert	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Dale Ervine (born May 19, 1964 in Torrance, California) is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who spent most of his career playing indoor soccer.	Dale Ervine	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christian Wade (born 15 May 1991) is an English rugby union footballer who plays as a wing.	Christian Wade	wing
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Baos Rodríguez (20 April 1924 -- 13 February 2012), commonly known as Sansón, was a Spanish footballer who played as a defender.	Sansón	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Pisano (born 29 April 1986) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Bolton Wanderers, currently on loan at U.S. Avellino 1912.	Francesco Pisano	defender
position played on team / speciality	Walter Grant was a Scottish professional football midfielder who played for Scottish clubs Aberdeen and Raith Rovers, and English club Crystal Palace.	Walter Grant	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Milorad Balabanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милорад Балабановић; born 18 January 1990) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club Borac Čačak.	Milorad Balabanović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adrian Pukanych (Ukrainian: Адріан Миколайович Пуканич, born 22 June 1983 in Vynohradiv, Zakarpattia Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Shukura Kobuleti.	Adrian Pukanych	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Syakir Sulaiman (born September 30, 1992) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Sriwijaya in the Indonesia Super League as a Attacking midfielder.	Syakir Sulaiman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Touko (born 22 June 1983 in Ngaoundéré) is a Cameroonian footballer who is a defender for Canon Yaounde.	Richard Touko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marquis White (born April 30, 1975 in San Rafael, California) is a retired American soccer forward who spent time playing in both the Netherlands, Bolivia and the United States.	Marquis White	forward
position played on team / speciality	Eran Zahavi (or Eran Zehavi, Hebrew: ערן זהבי‎; born 25 July 1987) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Maccabi Tel Aviv and the Israel national team.	Eran Zahavi	midfielder
present in work	Ianto Jones is a fictional character in the BBC television series Torchwood, played by Welsh actor Gareth David-Lloyd.	Ianto Jones	Torchwood
present in work	The Riley family is an original family of fictional characters on the American soap opera One Life to Live.	Riley family	One Life to Live
present in work	Francisco Scaramanga is a fictional character and the main antagonist in the James Bond novel and film versions of The Man with the Golden Gun.	Francisco Scaramanga	The Man with the Golden Gun
present in work	The original Black Spider first appeared in Detective Comics #463 (September 1976) and was created by Gerry Conway.	Black Spider	Detective Comics
present in work	Loretta Jones is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap operas Hollyoaks and Hollyoaks Later.	Loretta Jones	Hollyoaks
present in work	Mahalalel, Mahalaleel, or Mihlaiel Hebrew: מהללאל, Modern Mahalalel, Tiberian , was a patriarch named in the Hebrew Bible.	Mahalalel	Bible
present in work	Gnawgahyde is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline, comic books and cartoon series of the 1980s.	Gnawgahyde	G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero
present in work	Katerina Petrova (Bulgarian: Катерина Петрова; English: Katherine Pierce), is a fictional character from the hit TV series, The Vampire Diaries.	Katherine Pierce	The Vampire Diaries
present in work	Trahern (Welsh: Trahaearn) is a legendary King of the Britons in Geoffrey of Monmouth's fictional Historia Regum Britanniae.	Trahern	Historia Regum Britanniae
present in work	Groot went on to star in its spin-off series, Guardians of the Galaxy, joining the team of the same name.	Groot	Guardians of the Galaxy
present in work	Stephen Dedalus is James Joyce's literary alter ego, appearing as the protagonist and antihero of his first, semi-autobiographical novel of artistic existence A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man and an important character in Joyce's Ulysses.	Stephen Dedalus	A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man	Ulysses
present in work	Moses appeared as the central character in the 1998 DreamWorks Pictures' animated movie, The Prince of Egypt.	Moses	The Prince of Egypt
present in work	Cole Turner is a fictional character on the WB television series Charmed, portrayed by series regular Julian McMahon between seasons three and five.	Cole Turner	Charmed
present in work	Philip J. Fry, commonly known simply by his surname, Fry, is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the animated sitcom Futurama.	Philip J. Fry	Futurama
present in work	Sir Bernard Woolley, GCB, MA (Oxon) is one of the three main fictional characters of the 1980s British sitcom Yes Minister and its sequel, Yes, Prime Minister.	Bernard Woolley	Yes Minister
present in work	Goldberry is a supporting character from J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings.	Goldberry	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	The Logan family is a fictional family in the CBS Daytime soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful.	Logan family	The Bold and the Beautiful
present in work	Garsivaz (also Garsiwaz or Gersiwaz) (Persian: گَرسیوَز‎ (ɡæɾsiːvæz)) is a mythical Turanian character, referred to in Shahnameh ('Book of Kings') by the Persian epic-poet Ferdowsi.	Garsivaz	Shahnameh
present in work	Renee Walker is a fictional character on the TV series 24, portrayed by Annie Wersching.	Renee Walker	24
present in work	Holden Caulfield (born c.1932) is the fictional teenage protagonist and narrator of author J. D. Salinger's 1951 novel The Catcher in the Rye.	Holden Caulfield	The Catcher in the Rye
present in work	Charlene Wilson, more commonly known by her alias Cheri Love, is a fictional character on CBS's daytime drama As the World Turns.	Cheri Love	As the World Turns
present in work	Dr. Rex Van de Kamp is a fictional character on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.	Rex Van de Kamp	Desperate Housewives
present in work	The first collection of stories about the character was the book Winnie-the-Pooh (1926), and this was followed by The House at Pooh Corner (1928).	Winnie-the-Pooh	The House at Pooh Corner
present in work	Vivien March was a fictional character in the BBC One soap opera Doctors.	Vivien March	Doctors
present in work	Perceptor is the name of several different fictional characters in the Transformers franchise.	Perceptor	Transformers
publisher	Arbor House acquired the rights to Radio Free Albemuth in 1985.	Radio Free Albemuth	Arbor House
publisher	Hamlet's Father was reprinted in 2011 by Subterranean Press, a run of only one thousand signed books.	Hamlet's Father	Subterranean Press
publisher	The Bilestoad is a computer game by Marc Goodman (credited as ``Mangrove Earthshoe'') for the Apple II, released in 1982 by Datamost.	The Bilestoad	Datamost
publisher	Nanoscale Research Letters is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research in all areas of nanotechnology and published by Springer Science+Business Media.	Nanoscale Research Letters	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	The Changeover: a Supernatural Romance is a low fantasy novel for young adults by Margaret Mahy, published in 1984 by J. M. Dent in the U.K. It is set in Christchurch in the author's native New Zealand.	The Changeover	J. M. Dent
publisher	Music & Letters is an academic journal published quarterly by Oxford University Press with a focus on musicology.	Music & Letters	Oxford University Press
publisher	What Happened at Midnight is Volume 10 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.	What Happened at Midnight	Grosset & Dunlap
publisher	Acornsoft's Starship Command is a computer game released in 1983 for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron.	Starship Command	Acornsoft
publisher	In the Shadow of Greatness is a 2012 book written by 33 members of the United States Naval Academy Class of 2002 and published by the United States Naval Institute.	In the Shadow of Greatness	United States Naval Institute
publisher	Paragliding Simulation is a 1991 video game developed by Atreid Concept and published by Loriciels for the Amiga 500, though it does run on a few other modules.	Paragliding Simulation	Loriciels
publisher	The Grandest Fleet is a turn-based naval tactics game that was released by Quantum Quality Productions in 1993.	The Grandest Fleet	Quantum Quality Productions
publisher	Times Square Red, Times Square Blue is a non-fiction book written by famed science fiction author Samuel R. Delany and published in 1999 by the New York University Press.	Times Square Red, Times Square Blue	New York University Press
publisher	The American Journal of Occupational Therapy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that is published by the American Occupational Therapy Association.	American Journal of Occupational Therapy	American Occupational Therapy Association
publisher	After the Funeral is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in March 1953 under the title of Funerals are Fatal and in UK by the Collins Crime Club on 18 May of the same year under Christie's original title.	After the Funeral	Dodd, Mead and Company
publisher	As a result, Infogrames Entertainment (the parent company of Fighters Destiny international distributor Ocean Software) decided to shave US$20 off the price tag, dropping the game's price to US$29.99.	Fighters Destiny	Ocean Software
publisher	Tom Swift and His Electric Locomotive, Or, Two Miles a Minute on the Rails, is Volume 25 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.	Tom Swift and His Electric Locomotive	Grosset & Dunlap
publisher	Pud Pud in Weird World (also known simply as Pud Pud) is a computer game published by Ocean Software in 1984 for the ZX Spectrum.	Pud Pud in Weird World	Ocean Software
publisher	A Far Sunset is a science fiction novel by Edmund Cooper, published by Hodder & Stoughton in July 1967.	A Far Sunset	Hodder & Stoughton
publisher	The Journal of the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom is a scientific journal published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom.	Journal of the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom	Cambridge University Press
publisher	Functional Materials Letters is an interdisciplinary, peer-reviewed journal published by World Scientific with articles relating to the synthesis, behavior, characterization and application of functional materials.	Functional Materials Letters	World Scientific
publisher	U.S. title, Emily Windsnap's Fin-tastic Friendship Book (Candlewick Press, 2009), OCLC 244417161	Emily Windsnap	Candlewick Press
publisher	Shaun Palmer's Pro Snowboarder is a sports game with a similar feel to the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater series, published by Activision.	Shaun Palmer's Pro Snowboarder	Activision
publisher	Dragonstone is a fantasy role-playing video game (RPG), which Core Design published for the Amiga in 1994 and Amiga CD32 in 1995.	Dragonstone	Core Design
publisher	In 2012, Elsevier launched an online-only, open access sister journal to NeuroImage, entitled NeuroImage:	NeuroImage	Elsevier
publisher	D/Generation is an arcade adventure computer game with puzzle elements, published for the PC, Amiga and Atari ST by Mindscape in 1991.	D/Generation	Mindscape
publisher	Typo Attack is a game for the Atari 8-bit computers programmed by David Buehler and published by the Atari Program Exchange in 1982.	Typo Attack	Atari Program Exchange
publisher	Sunset in St. Tropez is a novel by Danielle Steel, published by Dell Publishing on June 3, 2003.	Sunset in St. Tropez	Dell Publishing
publisher	The Journal of Cell Biology is an international, peer-reviewed journal owned by The Rockefeller University and published by The Rockefeller University Press.	Journal of Cell Biology	Rockefeller University Press
publisher	The Day Lasts More Than a Hundred Years (Russian: И дольше века длится день, ``And longer than a century lasts a day''), originally published in Russian in the Novy Mir literary magazine in 1980, is a novel written by the Kyrgyz author Chinghiz Aitmatov.	The Day Lasts More Than a Hundred Years	Novy Mir
publisher	The Beast Master is a science fiction novel by Andre Norton published by Harcourt in 1959.	The Beast Master	Harcourt
publisher	Circuit's Edge is a computer game developed by Westwood Associates and released by Infocom in 1989.	Circuit's Edge	Infocom
publisher	Bass Masters 2000, developed by Mass Media and published by THQ is a bass fishing video game released for the Nintendo 64 in 1999.	Bass Masters 2000	THQ
publisher	An English translation of the full version was published by Harper Perennial in October 2009, entitled In the First Circle rather than The First Circle.	In the First Circle	Harper Perennial
publisher	Published by Harcourt, Brace, and Company in December 1948, Theory of Literature received mixed reviews from the academic community.	Theory of Literature	Harcourt
publisher	The Artful Dodge is a literary magazine based in Wooster, Ohio at the College of Wooster.	Artful Dodge	College of Wooster
publisher	Gridlinked is Neal Asher's first novel, published by the Macmillan Publishers imprint Pan Books in 2001.	Gridlinked	Pan Books
publisher	One of Tom Robbins' lesser known novels, Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas was published in 1994 by Bantam Books.	Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas	Bantam Books
publisher	The Yonsei Medical Journal is a general medical journal which has been published since 1960 by the Yonsei University, College of Medicine.	Yonsei Medical Journal	Yonsei University
publisher	Super Bunny is a 1983 computer game for the Apple II family of computers, written by Vic Leone and published by Datamost.	Super Bunny	Datamost
publisher	Jeeves in the Offing is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published in the United States on 4 April 1960 by Simon & Schuster, Inc., New York, under the title How Right You Are, Jeeves, and in the United Kingdom on 12 August 1960 by Herbert Jenkins, London.	Jeeves in the Offing	Simon & Schuster
publisher	Environmental Health Perspectives (EHP) is a peer-reviewed journal published monthly with support from the U.S. National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS).	Environmental Health Perspectives	National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences
publisher	Race Pro is a sim racing video game developed by SimBin (developers of the GTR PC racing series) and published by Atari exclusively for Xbox 360.	Race Pro	Atari
publisher	Sky Shadow is a 1990 Defender clone for the Mac OS, published by Casady & Greene.	Sky Shadow	Casady & Greene
publisher	Super Godzilla (超ゴジラ Chō-Gojira in Japan) is a video game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System released in Japan on December 23, 1993 by Toho.	Super Godzilla	Toho
publisher	The Just City is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Jo Walton, published by Tor Books in January 2015.	The Just City	Tor Books
publisher	The Victorian Naturalist is the journal of the Field Naturalists Club of Victoria and has been published continuously since 1884 and continues to be issued six times a year.	Victorian Naturalist	Field Naturalists Club of Victoria
publisher	In 1963 John Murray published two paperback volumes which divided the stories into The Exploits of Sherlock Holmes by Adrian Conan Doyle and More Exploits of Sherlock Holmes by Adrian Conan Doyle and John Dickson Carr.	The Exploits of Sherlock Holmes	John Murray
publisher	City Crisis is a helicopter simulation developed by Syscom Entertainment, and published by Take-Two Interactive for the PlayStation 2.	City Crisis	Take-Two Interactive
publisher	First Voyages is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Damon Knight, Martin H. Greenberg and Joseph D. Olander, first published in paperback by Avon Books in May 1981.	First Voyages	Avon
publisher	The Bride Price is a 1976 novel (first published in the UK by Allison & Busby and in the USA by George Braziller) by Nigerian writer Buchi Emecheta.	The Bride Price	Allison & Busby	George Braziller
publisher	Cancer Causes & Control is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media, covering research on the epidemiology, causes, and control of cancer.	Cancer Causes & Control	Springer Science+Business Media
record label	Colour Me Free! is the fourth studio album by English singer and songwriter Joss Stone, released on 20 October 2009 by Virgin Records.	Colour Me Free!	Virgin Records
record label	Reflex/Wolfpack Records released a limited re-issue of the Is This My World?	Is This My World?	Reflex/Wolfpack Records
record label	Travels in Constants Vol. 20 is Matthew Cooper's contribution to the mail order only Travels in Constants series from label Temporary Residence Limited.	Travels in Constants Vol. 20	Temporary Residence Limited
record label	Facemelter is the twelfth studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T, which was released on May 21, 2010 through the Frontiers Records label.	Facemelter	Frontiers Records
record label	The album was released by Columbia Records in both a standard format and a deluxe edition, which included a 352-page Year of the Black Rainbow novel, penned by the lead singer Claudio Sanchez and New York Times bestselling author Peter David.	Year of the Black Rainbow	Columbia Records
record label	Heaven in the Real World is the sixth studio album by the Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman released on July 12, 1994, by Sparrow Records.	Heaven in the Real World	Sparrow Records
record label	Ready for the House is the debut album by Jandek, and was released in 1978 by his own Corwood Industries label, with the catalog number #0739.	Ready for the House	Jandek
record label	The Mix Tape, Vol. II is the second installment in Funkmaster Flex's Mix Tape series, released on February 11, 1997 through Loud Records.	The Mix Tape, Vol. II	Loud Records
record label	``Tryin' to Get to You'' is a song written by Rose Marie McCoy and Charles Singleton It was originally recorded by the Washington DC vocal group The Eagles in 1954 and released in mid-1954 on Mercury Records 70391.	Tryin' to Get to You	Mercury Records
record label	Suspending Disbelief is the eighth album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb, released in September 1993 by Elektra Records.	Suspending Disbelief	Elektra Records
record label	Rock @ Roll is the seventh album by the Croatian rock band Aerodrom, released through Croatia Records in 2007.	Rock @ Roll	Croatia Records
record label	Enemy of the World is the third full-length studio album by American rock band Four Year Strong, released through Decaydance and Universal Motown Records on March 9, 2010.	Enemy of the World	Universal Motown Records
record label	Into the Depths is the second solo album from Grand Central Records boss and DJ / musician Mark Rae, following his solo debut, Rae Road .	Into the Depths	Grand Central Records
record label	Chi-Congo is a 1970 album recorded in Paris by the Art Ensemble of Chicago first released in 1972 on the Decca Records label, later reissued in the US by Paula.	Chi-Congo	Decca Records
record label	When It's Polka Time at Your House is an album by Jimmy Sturr and His Orchestra, released through Vanguard Records in 1991.	When It's Polka Time at Your House	Vanguard Records
record label	Future Development is the third studio album by Del the Funky Homosapien under the Hieroglyphics Imperium Recordings label.	Future Development	Hieroglyphics Imperium Recordings
record label	Poetenes Evangelium (released in 1993 on the label Kirkelig Kulturverksted, FXCD 131) is an album by Norwegian singer Morten Harket.	Poetenes Evangelium	Kirkelig Kulturverksted
record label	``Disco Girl'' is a song released by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas on December 17, 2001 by Minos EMI.	Disco Girl	Minos EMI
record label	Shake Me to Wake Me is a Contemporary Christian Music album by Steve Camp and was released by Sparrow Records in 1985.	Shake Me to Wake Me	Sparrow Records
record label	Soldiers of the Night is the first studio album by heavy metal band Vicious Rumors, released in 1985 through Shrapnel Records (United States) and Roadrunner Records (Europe); a remastered edition was reissued in 2010.	Soldiers of the Night	Shrapnel Records
record label	Love Approach is a 1980 album by Tom Browne and was released on the GRP Records.	Love Approach	GRP Records
record label	The Cancer Empire is the second major label release by Swedish metal band Zonaria and the first to be released on their new label, Century Media Records.	The Cancer Empire	Century Media Records
record label	Tanx is the eighth studio album by English glam rock act T. Rex, released on 28 January 1973 by record label EMI.	Tanx	EMI
record label	Thunderbyrd is American singer-songwriter and guitarist Roger McGuinn's 5th solo studio album, released in 1977 on the Columbia Records label.	Thunderbyrd	Columbia Records
record label	``I'm Spinning'' is a Doo Wop song recorded by the Del-Vikings on the Fee Bee Records label in 1957 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania as an A side for the single ``I'm Spinning''/``You Say You Love Me,'' written by Pat DiCesare.	I'm Spinning	Fee Bee Records
record label	Objects of Desire is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks, released in 1982 with Warner Bros. Records.	Objects of Desire	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Wee Tam and the Big Huge is the fourth album by the Scottish psychedelic folk group, the Incredible String Band, released in Europe as both a double LP and separate single LPs in November 1968 by Elektra Records.	Wee Tam and the Big Huge	Elektra Records
record label	Just Fly is the seventh studio album by American country rock band Pure Prairie League, released by RCA Records in 1978 (see 1978 in music).	Just Fly	RCA Records
record label	Heavenly Place is Jaci Velasquez' debut major label album, released in 1996 on Myrrh Records.	Heavenly Place	Myrrh Records
record label	Musically Incorrect is the tenth studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T, released in 1995 through the Music for Nations label.	Musically Incorrect	Music for Nations
record label	High Tension Wires is the third studio album by the guitarist Steve Morse, released on May 1, 1989, by MCA Records.	High Tension Wires	MCA Records
record label	One Day It'll All Make Sense is the third studio album by rapper Common, released on September 30, 1997 on Relativity Records.	One Day It'll All Make Sense	Relativity Records
record label	``Turn On Your Love Light'' was written by band leader and arranger Joe Scott (with an additional credit given to Duke Records owner/producer Don Robey aka Deadric Malone).	Turn On Your Love Light	Duke Records
record label	Heroes in the City of Dope is a collaboration album by West Coast hip hop artists Zion I and The Grouch, released October 10, 2006 on Om Records.	Heroes in the City of Dope	Om Records
record label	The Scene of the Crime is a studio album by American singer-songwriter Bettye LaVette, released in the United States on September 25, 2007 on the label ANTI-.	The Scene of the Crime	ANTI-
record label	Spiritual Machines is the fourth studio album by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace, released by Columbia Records in December 2000.	Spiritual Machines	Columbia Records
record label	Yes, Please! is the sixth studio album of the jazz group Fourplay which was released by Warner Bros. Records in 2000.	Yes, Please!	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Trojica u mraku is the fifth album of the Croatian rock band Aerodrom, released through Jugoton in 1986.	Trojica u mraku	Jugoton
record label	The Way I Fell In is the second studio album by the American pop rock band The Morning Of, it was released through Tragic Hero Records and LAB Records on May 11, 2010.	The Way I Fell In	Tragic Hero Records	LAB Records
record label	The Byrds also recorded a version of the song that they released in the same year as their first single on Columbia Records, reaching number 1 on both the Billboard Hot 100 chart and the UK Singles Chart, as well as being the title track of their first album, Mr. Tambourine Man.	Mr. Tambourine Man	Columbia Records
record label	Sunless Days is Beseech's 5th and final album, released in 2005 by Napalm Records.	Sunless Days	Napalm Records
record label	At Swim 2 Birds is a collaborative album by Peter Jefferies and Jono Lonie, released in 1987 through Flying Nun Records.	At Swim 2 Birds	Flying Nun Records
record label	Catching a Tiger is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Lissie, released in the United Kingdom on 21 June 2010 on Columbia Records.	Catching a Tiger	Columbia Records
record label	Total Destruction is Unsane's second studio album, released in 1993 through a partnership between Matador and Atlantic Records.	Total Destruction	Atlantic Records
record label	Sing Along with Los Straitjackets is the fourth studio album by American instrumental rock band Los Straitjackets, released on September 25, 2001 by Yep Roc Records.	Sing Along with Los Straitjackets	Yep Roc Records
record label	Architect of Lies is the fifth album released by the band Mercenary, but the third through Century Media Records.	Architect of Lies	Century Media Records
record label	Classic 220 is the second album by West Coast hip hop group 2nd II None, released by Arista Records on October 12, 1999.	Classic 220	Arista Records
record label	Silver Box (November/2004. Virgin Records)	Silver Box	Virgin Records
record label	The Mix Tape, Vol. IV is the fourth installment in Funkmaster Flex's Mix Tape series (fifth release overall), released on December 5, 2000 through Loud Records.	The Mix Tape, Vol. IV	Loud Records
record label	``The Bottle'' is a song by American soul artist Gil Scott-Heron and musician Brian Jackson, released in 1974 on Strata-East Records in the United States.	The Bottle	Strata-East Records
record label	Return of the Loving Dead is the fifth studio album by the Danish psychobilly band the Nekromantix, released in 2002 by Hellcat Records.	Return of the Loving Dead	Hellcat Records
record label	Teddy Bear, Duke & Psycho is the fifth album by the English synthpop group Heaven 17, released in 1988 by Virgin Records.	Teddy Bear, Duke & Psycho	Virgin Records
record label	Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors is the second solo album by American rapper and OutKast-member Big Boi, released on December 11, 2012, by Purple Ribbon Records and Def Jam Recordings.	Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors	Purple Ribbon Records	Def Jam Recordings
record label	Masterpiece of Bitterness is the second full-length album by Icelandic band Sólstafir, as well as their debut album with Spinefarm Records.	Masterpiece of Bitterness	Spinefarm Records
record label	Let Oceans Lie is the second album by American metalcore band A Hero A Fake, released on January 19, 2010, through Victory Records.	Let Oceans Lie	Victory Records
record label	Man in the Hills is a reggae album by Jamaican musician Burning Spear (Winston Rodney), released in 1976 (see 1976 in music) on Island Records.	Man in the Hills	Island Records
record label	Phases and Stages is a 1974 album by Willie Nelson, which followed the moderate success of his first Atlantic Records release, Shotgun Willie.	Phases and Stages	Atlantic Records
record label	Stronger Than Pride is the third studio album by English band Sade, first released in the United States on 5 April 1988 by Portrait Records, and in the United Kingdom on 3 May 1988 by Epic Records.	Stronger Than Pride	Epic Records
record label	Something About Airplanes is the debut studio album by indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie, released August 18, 1998 on Barsuk Records.	Something About Airplanes	Barsuk Records
record label	``Smack Jack'' is a song by German singer Nina Hagen released in 1982 by CBS Records as a lead single from her debut solo album NunSexMonkRock.	Smack Jack	CBS
record label	The City Sleeps in Flames is the first studio album by the post-hardcore band Scary Kids Scaring Kids, released through Immortal Records on June 28, 2005.	The City Sleeps in Flames	Immortal Records
record label	The Silent Enigma is the second album by British rock band Anathema, released on 23 October 1995 through Peaceville Records.	The Silent Enigma	Peaceville Records
record label	The Soft Parade is the fourth studio album by the American rock band The Doors, and was released on July 18, 1969 on Elektra Records (see 1969 in music).	The Soft Parade	Elektra Records
record label	``The Love You Save'' is a 1970 number-one hit single recorded by The Jackson 5 for Motown Records.	The Love You Save	Motown
record label	The Ruins of Adventure is the 49th album by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek, the 45th 'studio' album released by Corwood Industries around December 2006 (#0787).	The Ruins of Adventure	Corwood Industries
record label	He Was King is an album recorded by Felix da Housecat, released worldwide just two days before his 38th birthday on August 25, 2009 via Nettwerk Records.	He Was King	Nettwerk
record label	``Mr 100%'' is a song by Pull Tiger Tail, released exclusively on their website as a free download and second single, albeit their first to be released under the B-Unique Records label on December 11, 2006.	Mr 100%	B-Unique Records
record label	Mata Leão is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Biohazard, released on June 25, 1996 by Warner Bros. Records.	Mata Leão	Warner Bros. Records
record label	File Under Ramones is an album by the Huntingtons released in 1999 on Tooth & Nail Records.	File Under Ramones	Tooth & Nail Records
record label	Velocifero is the fourth studio album by English electronic band Ladytron and their first to be released by Nettwerk.	Velocifero	Nettwerk
record label	Water from the Wells of Home is the 75th album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released on Mercury Records in 1988 (see 1988 in music).	Water from the Wells of Home	Mercury Records
record label	By Time Alone is Orphanage's second album, released in October 1996 by DSFA Records.	By Time Alone	DSFA Records
screenwriter	Io e Caterina (internationally released as Catherine and I) is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Alberto Sordi.	Catherine and I	Alberto Sordi
screenwriter	Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga (English: For You, Everything, For You!) is a 1999 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Sundar C., starring Karthik and Rambha with Goundamani, Vivek, Vinu Chakravarthy, Anju among others in supporting roles.	Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga	Sundar C.
screenwriter	The Prince of Rogues (German:Schinderhannes) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Hans Stüwe, Lissy Arna and Albert Steinrück.	The Prince of Rogues	Curtis Bernhardt
screenwriter	The Ninth Configuration (also known as Twinkle, Twinkle, ``Killer'' Kane) is a 1980 American film directed by William Peter Blatty.	The Ninth Configuration	William Peter Blatty
screenwriter	A Boy and a Girl (Italian: Un ragazzo e una ragazza) is a 1983 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Marco Risi.	A Boy and a Girl	Marco Risi
screenwriter	So Long, Stooge (French title: Tchao Pantin) is a 1983 film directed by Claude Berri.	So Long, Stooge	Claude Berri
screenwriter	There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American epic drama film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano.	There Will Be Blood	Paul Thomas Anderson
screenwriter	Bear's Kiss is a 2002 dramatic fantasy romance film directed by Sergei Bodrov.	Bear's Kiss	Sergei Bodrov
screenwriter	Papaya, Love Goddess of the Cannibals (Italian title: Papaya dei Caraibi) is a 1978 Italian exploitation film directed by Joe D'Amato.	Papaya, Love Goddess of the Cannibals	Joe D'Amato
screenwriter	The Suspended Step of the Stork (Greek: Το μετέωρο βήμα του πελαργού, translit. To meteoro vima tou pelargou) is a 1991 Greek film directed by Theodoros Angelopoulos.	The Suspended Step of the Stork	Theodoros Angelopoulos
screenwriter	The Midnight Cabaret is a 1923 American film directed by Larry Semon and featuring Oliver Hardy.	The Midnight Cabaret	Larry Semon
screenwriter	Story of Wine (스토리 오브 와인 Seutori obeu wain) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Lee Cheol-ha and starring Lee Ki-woo.	Story of Wine	Lee Cheol-ha
screenwriter	The Martyr of Calvary (Spanish: El Mártir del Calvario) is a 1952 Mexican drama film directed by Miguel Morayta about the life of Christ.	The Martyr of Calvary	Miguel Morayta
screenwriter	Then Nilavu (English: Honey Moon) is a 1961 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by C. V. Sridhar through his Chitralaya Films.	Then Nilavu	C. V. Sridhar
screenwriter	Makdee (English: Spider), promoted as The Web Of The Witch, in English, is a 2002 Indian comedy horror film directed by Vishal Bhardwaj.	Makdee	Vishal Bhardwaj
screenwriter	The Condemned is a 2007 American action film written and directed by Scott Wiper.	The Condemned	Scott Wiper
screenwriter	Vazhakku Enn 18/9 (English: Case No. 18/9) is a 2012 Tamil crime thriller film written and directed by Balaji Sakthivel, starring newcomers Mithun Murali, Sri, Urmila Mahanta and Manisha Yadav in the lead roles.	Vazhakku Enn 18/9	Balaji Sakthivel
screenwriter	It's Impossible to Learn to Plow by Reading Books is the first feature film by Richard Linklater, released in 1988.	It's Impossible to Learn to Plow by Reading Books	Richard Linklater
screenwriter	The Policeman (Hebrew: HaShoter Azoulay השוטר אזולאי‎, lit. The Policeman Azoulay) is a 1971 Israeli feature film, written and directed by satirist Ephraim Kishon.	The Policeman	Ephraim Kishon
screenwriter	Crime in Formula One (Italian: Delitto in Formula Uno) is a 1984 Italian ``poliziottesco''-comedy film written and directed by Bruno Corbucci.	Crime in Formula One	Bruno Corbucci
screenwriter	At the Top of the Stairs (French: En haut des marches) is a 1983 French drama film starring Danielle Darrieux, and was directed by Paul Vecchiali.	At the Top of the Stairs	Paul Vecchiali
screenwriter	A Slightly Pregnant Man (French: L'Événement le plus important depuis que l'homme a marché sur la Lune, Italian: Niente di grave, suo marito è incinto) is a 1973 French-Italian comedy film directed by Jacques Demy.	A Slightly Pregnant Man	Jacques Demy
screenwriter	En vinternat (English: A winter night) is a 1917 Norwegian crime film written by Peter Lykke-Seest, and directed by Lykke-Seest and Oscar Gustafson, starring Oscar Gustafson, Helen Storm and Moltke Garmann.	En vinternat	Peter Lykke-Seest
screenwriter	The Century of the Self is a 2002 British television documentary series by filmmaker Adam Curtis.	The Century of the Self	Adam Curtis
screenwriter	Dead Heat on a Merry-Go-Round is a 1966 crime film written and directed by Bernard Girard, starring James Coburn, Camilla Sparv, Aldo Ray, Nina Wayne, Todd Armstrong, Robert Webber, Rose Marie, and Harrison Ford (in his film debut) as a bellhop.	Dead Heat on a Merry-Go-Round	Bernard Girard
screenwriter	Series creators Rick Berman and Brannon Braga, who co-wrote the episode, conceived ``These Are the Voyages...'' as a valentine to Star Trek fans.	These Are the Voyages...	Rick Berman	Brannon Braga
screenwriter	The Simple-Minded Murderer (Swedish: Den enfaldige mördaren) is a 1982 Swedish drama film directed by Hans Alfredson, starring Stellan Skarsgård, as the feeble-minded Sven Olsson.	The Simple-Minded Murderer	Hans Alfredson
screenwriter	The Mechanical Man (L'uomo meccanico) is a 1921 Italian science fiction film directed by André Deed.	The Mechanical Man	André Deed
screenwriter	Mon oncle Benjamin (My Uncle Benjamin) is a 1969 French film directed by Édouard Molinaro, starring Jacques Brel and Claude Jade.	Mon oncle Benjamin	Édouard Molinaro
screenwriter	Eager to Live (Italian: Febbre di vivere) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Claudio Gora.	Eager to Live	Claudio Gora
screenwriter	Herr Wichmann aus der dritten Reihe is a documentary film directed by Andreas Dresen.	Herr Wichmann aus der dritten Reihe	Andreas Dresen
screenwriter	Man on the Tracks (Polish: Człowiek na torze) is a 1956 film by Andrzej Munk.	Man on the Tracks	Andrzej Munk
screenwriter	La prima notte di quiete, released in USA as Indian Summer (from the phrase Der Nachsommer, an insignia of Goethe) is a 1972 Italian and French drama film directed by Valerio Zurlini.	La prima notte di quiete	Valerio Zurlini
screenwriter	Mademoiselle Chambon is a 2009 French film, directed by Stéphane Brizé, with a screenplay adapted from the novel of Éric Holder.	Mademoiselle Chambon	Stéphane Brizé
screenwriter	Grand Slam Opera is a 1936 American short comedy film starring Buster Keaton.	Grand Slam Opera	Buster Keaton
screenwriter	Sepolta viva (internationally released as Woman Buried Alive) is an Italian drama film directed by Aldo Lado.	Woman Buried Alive	Aldo Lado
screenwriter	Caresses is a 1998 film by Ventura Pons, originally titled Carícies in Catalan.	Caresses	Ventura Pons
screenwriter	British Sounds is an hour-long film shot in February 1969 for television, written and directed by Jean-Luc Godard and Jean-Henri Roger, and produced by Irving Teitelbaum and Kenith Trodd.	British Sounds	Jean-Luc Godard
screenwriter	The Hot Spot is a 1990 American film noir directed by Dennis Hopper and based on the 1952 book Hell Hath No Fury by Charles Williams.	The Hot Spot	Charles Williams
screenwriter	She Killed in Ecstasy (German: Sie tötete in Ekstase Spanish: Mrs. Hyde) is a 1971 West German-Spanish film directed by Jesús Franco.	She Killed in Ecstasy	Jesús Franco
screenwriter	The Hairdresser's Husband (French: Le Mari de la coiffeuse), a 1990 French film written by Patrice Leconte and Claude Klotz, and directed by Leconte.	The Hairdresser's Husband	Patrice Leconte
screenwriter	Those Two (Italian:Quei due) is a 1935 Italian comedy film directed by Gennaro Righelli and starring Eduardo De Filippo, Peppino De Filippo and Assia Noris.	Those Two	Eduardo De Filippo
screenwriter	Virudhagiri is a 2010 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Vijayakanth, making his directorial debut, besides playing the titular character as well.	Virudhagiri	Vijayakanth
screenwriter	The Poll Diaries (German: Poll) is a 2010 German drama film directed by Chris Kraus.	The Poll Diaries	Chris Kraus
screenwriter	I Don't Want to Be a Man (German: Ich möchte kein Mann sein) is a 1918 German film directed by Ernst Lubitsch.	I Don't Want to Be a Man	Ernst Lubitsch
screenwriter	Find Me Guilty is a 2006 American courtroom comedy-drama crime film co-written and directed by Sidney Lumet, based on the true story of the longest Mafia trial in American history.	Find Me Guilty	Sidney Lumet
screenwriter	Ballad of the Masterthief Ole Hoiland (Norwegian: Balladen om mestertyven Ole Høiland) is a 1970 Norwegian drama film directed by Knut Andersen, and starring a broad cast of notable Norwegian actors, headed by Per Jansen as Ole Høiland.	Ballad of the Masterthief Ole Hoiland	Knut Andersen
screenwriter	Vatican Conspiracy or Morte in Vaticano is a 1982 Italian film directed by Marcello Aliprandi.	Vatican Conspiracy	Marcello Aliprandi
screenwriter	The Prude (French: La Puritaine) is a 1986 French-Belgian drama film directed by Jacques Doillon.	The Prude	Jacques Doillon
screenwriter	The Passion of Anna (Swedish: En passion, lit. ``A passion'') is a 1969 Swedish drama film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman, who was awarded Best Director at the 1971 National Society of Film Critics Awards for the film.	The Passion of Anna	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	Peace in the Fields (French: Paix sur les champs) is a 1970 French-language Belgian film directed by Jacques Boigelot and based on the eponymous novel by Marie Gevers.	Peace in the Fields	Jacques Boigelot
screenwriter	How to Irritate People is a 1968 television broadcast written by John Cleese, Graham Chapman, Marty Feldman and Tim Brooke-Taylor.	How to Irritate People	John Cleese	Graham Chapman	Marty Feldman
screenwriter	Gunslinger's Revenge (Italian: Il mio West) is a 1998 Italian film directed by Giovanni Veronesi and starring Leonardo Pieraccioni, Harvey Keitel and David Bowie.	Gunslinger's Revenge	Giovanni Veronesi	Leonardo Pieraccioni
screenwriter	The Greaser's Gauntlet is a 1908 American silent short adventure film directed by D. W. Griffith.	The Greaser's Gauntlet	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	Masculin Féminin (French: Masculin féminin: 15 faits précis, pronounced: (maskylɛ̃ feminɛ̃ kɛ̃z fe pʁesi), ``Masculine Feminine: 15 Specific Events'') is a 1966 French film directed by Jean-Luc Godard.	Masculin Féminin	Jean-Luc Godard
screenwriter	Italian Secret Service (also known as Il nostro agente Natalino Tartufato) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini.	Italian Secret Service	Luigi Comencini
screenwriter	Young Andersen (Danish: Unge Andersen) is a two-part Danish television serial directed by Rumle Hammerich and co-written by Hammerich and Ulf Stark.	Young Andersen	Rumle Hammerich
screenwriter	The Novel of Werther (French:Le Roman de Werther) is a 1938 French historical drama film directed by Max Ophüls and starring Pierre Richard-Willm, Annie Vernay and Jean Galland.	The Novel of Werther	Max Ophüls
screenwriter	Five Easy Pieces is a 1970 American drama film written by Carole Eastman (as Adrien Joyce) and Bob Rafelson, and directed by Rafelson.	Five Easy Pieces	Carole Eastman
screenwriter	The Colditz Story is a 1955 prisoner of war film starring John Mills and Eric Portman and directed by Guy Hamilton.	The Colditz Story	Guy Hamilton
screenwriter	Billion Dollar Brain is a 1967 British espionage film directed by Ken Russell and based on the novel of the same name by Len Deighton.	Billion Dollar Brain	Len Deighton
screenwriter	A Time of Destiny is a 1988 American drama film directed by Gregory Nava and written by Nava and Anna Thomas.	A Time of Destiny	Anna Thomas
screenwriter	The Yards is a 2000 American crime film directed by James Gray.	The Yards	James Gray
screenwriter	Challenge of the Gladiator (Italian: Il gladiatore che sfidò l'impero) is a 1965 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella.	Challenge of the Gladiator	Domenico Paolella
screenwriter	La vie heureuse de Léopold Z (English: The Merry World of Léopold Z) is a 1965 comedy-drama by Gilles Carle that played a key role in efforts to create a popular national cinema in Quebec.	La vie heureuse de Léopold Z	Gilles Carle
screenwriter	Truth About Men (Danish: Sandheden om mænd) is a 2010 Danish comedy drama film directed by Nikolaj Arcel.	Truth About Men	Nikolaj Arcel
screenwriter	Priyamaana Thozhi (English: Lovable Female Friend) is a 2003 Tamil film written directed by Vikraman and produced by AVM Studios.	Priyamaana Thozhi	Vikraman
screenwriter	Jamón Jamón (Spanish pronunciation: (xaˈmon xaˈmon); English: Ham, Ham) is a 1992 Spanish comedy/drama film directed by Bigas Luna and starring Javier Bardem, Jordi Mollà and Penélope Cruz in her debut film.	Jamón Jamón	Bigas Luna
screenwriter	Roadracers is a 1994 made-for-television film directed by Robert Rodriguez, his second feature film following the success of his 1992 debut, El Mariachi.	Roadracers	Robert Rodriguez
screenwriter	Bowery Bugs is a Bugs Bunny cartoon directed by Arthur Davis, written by Lloyd Turner and Bill Scott, and released in mid-1949 as part of the Merrie Melodies series.	Bowery Bugs	Bill Scott
screenwriter	Drawing Restraint 9 is a 2005 film project by visual artist Matthew Barney consisting of a feature-length film, large-scale sculptures, photographs, drawings, and books.	Drawing Restraint 9	Matthew Barney
screenwriter	Scusate il ritardo (literally Sorry for the delay) is a 1983 Italian comedy film written, directed and starred by Massimo Troisi.	Scusate il ritardo	Massimo Troisi
screenwriter	Fires of Kuwait is a 1992 American documentary film directed by David Douglas.	Fires of Kuwait	David Douglas
screenwriter	Waiting for the Hearse (Esperando la carroza in Spanish) is a 1985 Argentine comedy film directed by Alejandro Doria.	Waiting for the Hearse	Alejandro Doria
screenwriter	Dager fra 1000 år (English: Days from 1000 years) is a 1970 Norwegian anthology film written and directed by Anja Breien, Egil Kolstø and Espen Thorstenson.	Dager fra 1000 år	Anja Breien
screenwriter	What Love Is is a 2007 romantic comedy film, written and directed by Mars Callahan, starring Cuba Gooding, Jr., Matthew Lillard, Sean Astin, Anne Heche, and Gina Gershon.	What Love Is	Mars Callahan
screenwriter	The Private Life of Helen of Troy is a 1927 American silent film about Helen of Troy based on a novel by John Erskine and adapted to screen by Gerald C. Duffy.	The Private Life of Helen of Troy	John Erskine
screenwriter	Ilsa, the Wicked Warden (originally released as Greta: Haus Ohne Männer, and also known as Greta, the Mad Butcher, Ilsa: Absolute Power, and Wanda, the Wicked Warden) is a 1977 sexploitation film directed by Jesús Franco and starring Dyanne Thorne.	Ilsa, the Wicked Warden	Jesús Franco
screenwriter	Abhijan (অভিযান) is a 1962 Bengali film directed by the Indian filmmaker Satyajit Ray.	Abhijan	Satyajit Ray
screenwriter	In May 2007, Working Title announced its third attempt to produce Hippie Hippie Shake, this time with director Beeban Kidron and screenwriter Lee Hall.	Hippie Hippie Shake	Lee Hall
screenwriter	Birds, Orphans and Fools (Slovak: Vtáčkovia, siroty a blázni) is a 1969 Czechoslovak film directed by Juraj Jakubisko.	Birds, Orphans and Fools	Juraj Jakubisko
screenwriter	Sh'Chur is a 1994 Israeli drama film starring Gila Almagor, Ronit Elkabetz and Hanna Azoulay-Hasfari.	Sh'Chur	Hanna Azoulay-Hasfari
screenwriter	Angels of Iron (German: Engel aus Eisen) is a 1981 German crime film directed by Thomas Brasch.	Angels of Iron	Thomas Brasch
screenwriter	Trifling Women was a 1922 American silent romantic drama film directed by Rex Ingram.	Trifling Women	Rex Ingram
screenwriter	Black Emanuelle 2 (Italian: Emanuelle nera n° 2), also known as The New Black Emanuelle, is a 1976 Italian psychological drama-sexploitation film directed by Bitto Albertini.	Black Emanuelle 2	Bitto Albertini
screenwriter	To-Day is a 1917 silent film drama directed by Ralph Ince and starring Florence Reed.	To-Day	Ralph Ince
screenwriter	Guest Wife is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Sam Wood, written by Bruce Manning and John Klorer, and starring Claudette Colbert, Don Ameche and Dick Foran.	Guest Wife	Bruce Manning
screenwriter	Amarilly of Clothes-Line Alley is a 1918 American silent comedy romance film starring Mary Pickford that was directed by Marshall Neilan and written by Frances Marion based upon a novel by Belle K. Maniates.	Amarilly of Clothes-Line Alley	Frances Marion
screenwriter	I Don't Want to Go Back Alone (Portuguese: Eu Não Quero Voltar Sozinho) is a 2010 Brazilian short film directed by Daniel Ribeiro.	I Don't Want to Go Back Alone	Daniel Ribeiro
screenwriter	Jayne Mansfield's Car is a 2012 drama film directed by Billy Bob Thornton, marking his first directing job since 2001's Daddy and Them.	Jayne Mansfield's Car	Billy Bob Thornton
screenwriter	Morgan, the Pirate (Italian: Morgan il pirata) is a 1960 Italian/French international co-production historical adventure film directed by André De Toth and Primo Zeglio, and starring Steve Reeves as Sir Henry Morgan, the pirate who became the self-proclaimed governor of Jamaica.	Morgan, the Pirate	Primo Zeglio
screenwriter	All the Fault of Paradise (Italian: Tutta colpa del paradiso) is a 1985 Italian romance-comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti.	All the Fault of Paradise	Francesco Nuti
screenwriter	Vacanze in America (Holidays in America) is a 1984 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina.	Vacanze in America	Carlo Vanzina
screenwriter	Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is a 2004 American science fiction action adventure film written and directed by Kerry Conran in his directorial debut.	Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow	Kerry Conran
screenwriter	Paolo il freddo (i.e. ``Paolo the cold'') is a 1974 Italian comedy film written and directed by Ciccio Ingrassia and starring Franco Franchi.	Paolo il freddo	Ciccio Ingrassia
screenwriter	L'Eclisse (English: Eclipse) is a 1962 Italian drama film written and directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Alain Delon and Monica Vitti.	L'Eclisse	Michelangelo Antonioni
sex or gender	Zhor El Kamch (Arabic: زهور الكمش‎) (born 15 March 1973 in Tiflet) is a Moroccan female long-distance runner who competes in distance from 3000 metres up to the marathon.	Zhor El Kamch	female
sex or gender	Lacey Baker is a part of a small group of professional female skaters.	Lacey Baker	female
sex or gender	Kali Reis is an American professional female boxer.	Kali Reis	female
sex or gender	Sheldon Blockburger (born September 19, 1964) is a retired male decathlete from the United States, who competed in the late 1980s and the early 1990s.	Sheldon Blockburger	male
sex or gender	Die Sagerin (SwGer: the (female) sayer) (died December 1573) was an alleged Swiss witch.	Die Sagerin	female
sex or gender	Concurrent with the issuance of Congressional Gold Medals to Commodore Perry and Jesse Elliott, Congress awarded Silver Medals (modeled on the Perry medal) to each commissioned officer and one to the nearest male relative of Lt. John Brooks, Jr. of the U.S. Marine Corps, who was killed in the engagement.	John Brooks, Jr.	male
sex or gender	Lavinia Fisher (1793 -- February 18, 1820) is reported by some legends to have been the first female serial killer in the United States of America.	Lavinia Fisher	female
sex or gender	Nadezhda Gumerova (Russian: Надежда Гумерова; born January 1, 1949) is a retired female long-distance runner from Kazakhstan, who represented the Soviet Union during her career.	Nadezhda Gumerova	female
sex or gender	Jeanne Lampl-de Groot (16 October 1895 -- 4 April 1987) was a Dutch psychiatrist known for her work with Sigmund Freud and her research on female sexuality.	Jeanne Lampl-de Groot	female
sex or gender	Karolina Světlá (born Johana Rottová) (24 February 1830 in Prague -- 7 September 1899 in Prague) was a Czech female author of the 19th century.	Karolina Světlá	female
sex or gender	Xie Saike (born 1961/62) is a male former table tennis player from China.	Xie Saike	male
sex or gender	Deborah Norville joined NBC News in January 1987 as Anchor of NBC News at Sunrise, replacing Connie Chung to become the only solo female anchor of a network newscast.	Deborah Norville	female
sex or gender	The King's Heralds is a male gospel music quartet that began in 1927 and have recorded over 100 albums encompassing 30 languages.	King's Heralds	male
sex or gender	Park Hee-sang (Hangul: 박희상; born 1 August 1972) is a former South Korean male volleyball player.	Park Hee-sang	male
sex or gender	Orla Jørgensen (25 May 1904 -- 29 June 1947) was a male Danish racing cyclist who won a gold medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics with Henry Hensen and Leo Nielsen.	Orla Jørgensen	male
sex or gender	In Greek mythology, the Nereids (/ˈnɪəriɪdz/ NEER-ee-idz; Greek: Νηρηΐδες, sg. Νηρηΐς) are sea nymphs (female spirits of sea waters), the 50 daughters of Nereus and Doris, sister to Nerites.	Nereid	female
sex or gender	Alice Brown Davis (September 10, 1852 -- June 21, 1935) was the first female Principal Chief of the Seminole Tribe of Oklahoma, and served from 1922--1935, appointed by President Warren G. Harding.	Alice Brown Davis	female
sex or gender	Javier Rosas Sierra (born September 25, 1974 in Guadalajara) is a male athlete from Mexico.	Javier Rosas	male
sex or gender	Arrington Dixon is an American politician who is a former city council member and chairman of Washington, D.C. In 2008, he was D.C.'s male representative on the Democratic National Committee and a thus a superdelegate to the Democratic National Convention.	Arrington Dixon	male
sex or gender	``Freeway Phantom'' was the name given to an unidentified serial killer known to have abducted, raped and strangled six female youths in Washington, D.C. from April 1971 through September 1972.	Freeway Phantom	female
sex or gender	Dmytro Baranovskyy (Ukrainian: Дмитро Барановський; born July 28, 1979) is a male long-distance runner from Ukraine who specialises in the marathon.	Dmytro Baranovskyy	male
sex or gender	Hiromi Ōta (太田 裕美 Ōta Hiromi, born on January 20, 1955 in Kasukabe, Saitama Saitama Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese female singer.	Hiromi Ōta	female
sex or gender	Joyce Jeffreys (Jeffries) (c. 1570-1650) was a single female moneylender in seventeenth-century England.	Joyce Jeffreys	female
sex or gender	Zakia Zaki (died June 6, 2007) was an Afghan female journalist.	Zakia Zaki	female
sex or gender	Yao Ye (simplified Chinese: 姚烨; traditional Chinese: 姚燁; pinyin: Yáo Yè; born April 10, 1973 in Yangzhou, Jiangsu) is a male Chinese sports shooter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Yao Ye	male
sex or gender	Lorne Cousin and his group of kilt-wearing bagpipe players were the only male-led group to perform on the main stage at the 2007 Los Angeles Women's Music Festival.	Lorne Cousin	male
sex or gender	Luan Jin (Chinese: 栾劲; born 1958) is a retired male badminton player from China who rated among the world's very best singles players in the early to mid-1980s after China gained entry into the International Badminton Federation (now Badminton World Federation).	Luan Jin	male
sex or gender	Emma Wright (born 16 November 1996 in Lindsay) is a female water polo player of Canada.	Emma Wright	female
sex or gender	The Walton sextuplets were born in Liverpool, England on 18 November 1983 and were the world's first all-female surviving sextuplets, and the world's fourth known set of surviving sextuplets.	Walton sextuplets	female
sex or gender	Amaya Salazar studied at the Academia Artium, Madrid, Spain and at the School of Fine Arts, Boston, U.S.A. Salazar is mostly inspired by the female form and by mother and child images.	Amaya Salazar	female
sex or gender	Matilde Rodríguez Cabo Guzmán (Las Palmas, San Luis Potosí, July 17, 1902 -- Mexico City, September 8, 1967,) was Mexico's first female psychiatrist.	Matilde Rodríguez Cabo	female
sex or gender	Tong Kit Siong (Chinese: 崇吉松) is a Bruneian male karateka.	Tong Kit Siong	male
sex or gender	Rudymar Fleming Pernil (born October 26, 1980) is a female judoka from Venezuela, who won the silver medal in the women's lightweight division (-- 57 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Rudymar Fleming	female
sex or gender	Nicolas Coutelot (born 9 February 1977) is a retired professional male tennis player from France who reached a career-high singles ranking of World No. 87 in May 2002.	Nicolas Coutelot	male
sex or gender	Wu Penggen (born 7 May 1982) is a male Chinese professional beach volleyball player.	Wu Penggen	male
sex or gender	Gu Yasha (Chinese: 古雅莎; pinyin: Gǔ Yǎshā; born November 28, 1990 in Zhengzhou, Henan) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Gu Yasha	female
sex or gender	Francis Gómez (born October 1, 1968) is a retired female judoka from Venezuela.	Francis Gómez	female
sex or gender	Orange Socks (also known as Joanie Doe, Judy Doe and the Georgetown Jane Doe) is the informal name given to an American unidentified female who was murdered on October 31, 1979 in Georgetown, Texas.	Orange Socks	female
sex or gender	Rani Mundiasti (born Jakarta, DKI Jakarta; 4 October 1984) is a female badminton player from Indonesia.	Rani Mundiasti	female
sex or gender	Anastacia established herself as one of the top selling international female pop-singers of the 2000s before taking a hiatus in late 2006.	Anastacia	female
sex or gender	Furthermore, until the extinction of the male line of his dynasty in 1301, Hungary was ruled by ``a single line of princes'', all descending from Árpád.	Árpád	male
sex or gender	Inez Turner (born January 3 1972 in Trelawny Parish) is a retired female sprinter and middle-distance runner from Jamaica.	Inez Turner	female
sex or gender	Lois McCallin (born c. 1958) holds the world record distance and endurance for female human powered flight.	Lois McCallin	female
sex or gender	Krasimir Gaydarski or Krasimir Gajdarski (Bulgarian: Красимир Гайдарски) (born 23 February 1983) is a former Bulgarian male volleyball player.	Krasimir Gaydarski	male
sex or gender	Farida Haddouche (born 1959 in Algiers) is a female politician in Algeria; she is Secretary General of Front Party of National Liberation.	Farida Haddouche	female
sex or gender	Trịnh Thị Bích Như (born 15 October 1985) is a Vietnamese female Paralympic swimmer.	Trịnh Thị Bích Như	female
sex or gender	Luz Dary Castro Lemos (born May 30, 1978, in Bogotá) is a female shot putter and discus thrower from Colombia.	Luz Dary Castro	female
sex or gender	The Ring 8 organization awards Bill Gallo college and vocational scholarships annually based on need to aspiring male and female scholars with a boxing background.	Bill Gallo	male
sex or gender	Billie Anthony (11 October 1932 -- 5 January 1991) was a Scottish female singer.	Billie Anthony	female
sex or gender	Moira Leiper Ducharme was the first female mayor of Halifax, Nova Scotia (1991--1994).	Moira Leiper Ducharme	female
sex or gender	Ema Derossi-Bjelajac (sometimes rendered Derosi-Bjelajac) is a Croatian politician that served as the President of the Presidency of Croatia, notable for being the first female head of state of modern Croatia.	Ema Derossi-Bjelajac	female
sex or gender	Kenyon Smith (born 1990) is a male synchronized swimmer.	Kenyon Smith	male
sex or gender	Müjde Yüksel (born 9 March 1981 in Kadıköy, İstanbul) was a Turkish female basketball player.	Müjde Yüksel	female
sex or gender	Gianni Baget Bozzo, Prima del bene e del male, Milano, Rizzoli, 1987.	Gianni Baget Bozzo	male
sex or gender	Despite primarily focusing on hard outdoor bouldering, Daniel Woods is the most accomplished American male competition climber.	Daniel Woods	male
sex or gender	Lenie Dijkstra (born October 3, 1967 in Joure, Friesland) is a female former road and mountainbike racing cyclist from the Netherlands.	Lenie Dijkstra	female
sex or gender	Saint Noyale, also known as Noaluen, was a semi-legendary 5th-century female Celtic saint, cephalophore and martyr.	Noyale	female
sex or gender	Nazan Akın (born October 1, 1983 in Diyarbakır, Turkey) is a Turkish female visually impaired judoka (disability class B3) competing in the +70 kg division.	Nazan Akın	female
sex or gender	Svetlana Zalevskaya (Russian: Светлана Иосифовна Залевская; born 14 June 1974 in Almaty) is a retired female high jumper from Kazakhstan.	Svetlana Zalevskaya	female
sex or gender	Sylvia Larsen is a New Hampshire politician who was a Democratic member of the New Hampshire Senate and its longest serving Democratic female leader.	Sylvia Larsen	female
sex or gender	Daynellis Montejo (born November 8, 1984) is a female Cuban Taekwondo practitioner who competes at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the -49 kg class.	Daynellis Montejo	female
sex or gender	Mai Maharban (1140 AD) is one of female saints of Multan who is famous for her pious nature and she was the wife of one Shaikh Hasan who is said to have come to Multan shortly after the time of Shah Gardez.	Mai Maharban	female
sex or gender	Margaret ``Margie'' Castro (born August 22, 1959), also known as Margaret Castro-Gomez is a former Olympic-level female judo athlete for the United States from Brooklyn, New York.	Margaret Castro	female
sex or gender	Sonia Bisset Poll (born April 1, 1971 in Palma Soriano, Santiago de Cuba) is a female javelin thrower from Cuba.	Sonia Bisset	female
sex or gender	Jeremy Bordeleau (born April 30, 1987 in Trois-Rivières, Quebec) is a male athlete who competes in canoeing.	Jeremy Bordeleau	male
sex or gender	Desta Girma Tadesse (born March 27, 1987) is a female long-distance runner from Ethiopia.	Desta Girma Tadesse	female
sex or gender	Ann-Maree Putney of New South Wales is a female Australian ten-pin bowler.	Ann-Maree Putney	female
sex or gender	Torsten Bréchôt (born September 11, 1964 in Schwerin, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a retired male judoka from Germany, who competed for East Germany at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Torsten Bréchôt	male
sex or gender	Eryn Bulmer Barrett (born August 1, 1976 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a female diver from Canada, who won the gold medal in the Women's 3m Springboard at the 1999 Pan American Games.	Eryn Bulmer	female
sex or gender	Evelyn Anthony (born 3 July 1928, London) is the pen name of Evelyn Ward-Thomas (Evelyn Bridgett Patricia Ward-Thomas), a British female writer.	Evelyn Anthony	female
sex or gender	Nell Cole Graves (1908 -- February 17, 1997) was an American potter, one of the first female potters in the Seagrove, North Carolina pottery tradition.	Nell Cole Graves	female
sex or gender	Elsa Wallenberg (26 January 1877 -- 17 October 1951) was a Swedish female tennis player.	Elsa Wallenberg	female
sex or gender	Yury Dubinin (born 10 September 1976 in Beloretsk) is a male freestyle wrestler from Belarus.	Yury Dubinin	male
sex or gender	Benjamin Mwangata (born March 11, 1966) is a retired male boxer from Tanzania, who represented his native East African country as a flyweight in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988 (Seoul).	Benjamin Mwangata	male
sex or gender	Chi Li (born 1957), born in Xiantao, Hubei Province of China, is a contemporary female Chinese writer.	Chi Li	female
sex or gender	On Tuesday, July 15 (20 Tammuz) 1941, Nazi forces and local Lithuanian sympathizers massacred the male population of Telz, including Rabbi Azriel Rabinowitz and the faculty of the Telshe yeshiva.	Azriel Rabinowitz	male
sex or gender	Punnackal at the time of A. R. Pillai's birth was still a joint family (Tharavaad) with the eldest male member on the matrilineal side heading the family and taking care of its members and looking after its properties.	A. R. Pillai	male
sex or gender	Gong Lijiao (Chinese: 巩立姣; born 24 January 1989) is a female Chinese shot putter.	Gong Lijiao	female
sex or gender	Tristan Tully attended Clearwater High School where she was the only female in the school's 100 year history on the Varsity football team (kicker).	Tristan Tully	female
sex or gender	Zheng Yixin (Chinese: 郑益昕; born 6 May 1995 in Zhangzhou, Fujian) is a female Chinese volleyball player.	Zheng Yixin	female
sex or gender	Li Gaobo (born 4 May 1989) is a male race walker from PR China.	Li Gaobo	male
sex or gender	Amira al Hayb (Arabic: اميرة الهيب‎, Hebrew: אמירה אל הייב‎; born in 1985) was Israel's first female Bedouin-Arab soldier in a combat position.	Amira al Hayb	female
sex or gender	Holly Trostle Brigham (born 1965) an American figurative painter whose feminist self-portraiture focuses on female subjects drawn from mythology and history.	Holly Trostle Brigham	female
sex or gender	Georgios Lykoudis (Greek: Γιώργος Λυκούδης, born 4 February 1964) is a retired Greek male volleyball player and volleyball coach currently coaching Panachaiki.	Georgios Lykoudis	male
sex or gender	Heather Fuhr (born January 19, 1968 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a female triathlete from Canada, considered one of the best women runners in triathlon.	Heather Fuhr	female
sex or gender	Mary Ann Baxter's insistence on the education of women meant that the college's alumni include the social reformer Mary Lily Walker and Scotland's first female professor, Margaret Fairlie.	Mary Ann Baxter	female
sex or gender	Raet (rˁỉ.t) or Raet-Tawy (rˁỉ.t-t3.wỉ) is an ancient Egyptian solar goddess, the female aspect of Ra.	Raet-Tawy	female
sex or gender	Cheng Xiaoyan (simplified Chinese: 程晓艳; traditional Chinese: 程曉艷; pinyin: Chéng Xiǎoyàn; born December 20, 1975) is a retired female Chinese shot putter.	Cheng Xiaoyan	female
sex or gender	Frances Buss Buch (June 3, 1917 -- January 19, 2010) was the first female television director in the United States.	Frances Buss Buch	female
sex or gender	Morgan Carpenter is an intersex activist and researcher who became president of Organisation Intersex International Australia in September 2013 and is currently a co-chair.	Morgan Carpenter	intersex
sex or gender	Toshiko Kowada (小和田 敏子, Kowada Toshiko; born 1949) is a former female table tennis player from Japan.	Toshiko Kowada	female
sex or gender	Dr. Lale Aytaman (born 1944) was the governor of Muğla province in Turkey from 1991 to 1995 and the first female governor of Turkey.	Lale Aytaman	female
sex or gender	Li Shujin (born August 1, 1982) is a male wrestler from China.	Li Shujin	male
sex or gender	Elsie Carlisle (28 January 1896 -- 5 September 1977) was a popular English female singer both before and during the British dance band era of the 1920s and 1930s, showcased in her nickname of Britain's ``Radio Sweetheart Number One.''	Elsie Carlisle	female
sex or gender	Hitomi Obara née Sakamoto (born January 4, 1981) is a female wrestler from Hachinohe, Aomori, Japan.	Hitomi Obara	female
sex or gender	Eng Hian (simplified Chinese: 徐永贤; traditional Chinese: 徐永賢; pinyin: Xú Yǒngxián; born May 17, 1977) is a Chinese Indonesian male badminton player.	Eng Hian	male
sex or gender	Tokyo Rose (alternative spelling Tokio Rose) was a generic name given by Allied troops in the South Pacific during World War II to what they believed were multiple English-speaking female broadcasters of Japanese propaganda.	Tokyo Rose	female
sex or gender	Mónica Núñez (born October 12, 1984 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic), is a female boxer who is, as of 2005, one of the world's top ranked fighters in the Super Middleweight division.	Mónica Núñez	female
sex or gender	Park Sung-hwan (Hangul: 박성환; Hanja: 朴成煥; born September 4, 1984 in Jeju-do) is a male badminton player from South Korea.	Park Sung-hwan	male
sex or gender	Cheng Hui (simplified Chinese: 程晖; traditional Chinese: 程暉; pinyin: Chéng Huī; born December 23, 1972 in Zigong, Sichuan) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed in the 2000, 2004, and 2008 Summer Olympics.	Cheng Hui	female
sex or gender	Sayaka Shibusawa (born 5 April 1984) is a female diver from Japan.	Sayaka Shibusawa	female
sex or gender	Yuliya Snopova (born Ukrainian: Ю́лія Снопова; 30 November 1985 in Kherson) is a Ukrainian female handballer who plays as a right back for Muratpaşa Bld.	Yuliya Snopova	female
sex or gender	Yuan Meng (born 9 May 1986) (simplified Chinese: 袁梦; traditional Chinese: 袁夢; pinyin: Yuán Mèng) is a former Chinese female professional tennis player.	Yuan Meng	female
sex or gender	Shelley Nitschke (born 3 December 1976) is a female cricketer who played for South Australia and Australia.	Shelley Nitschke	female
sex or gender	Yang Yongjian (simplified Chinese: 杨永健; traditional Chinese: 楊永健; pinyin: Yáng Yǒngjiàn; born April 28, 1973) is a male Chinese race walker.	Yang Yongjian	male
sex or gender	Georgia Ellinaki (Greek: Γεωργία Ελληνάκή) (born February 28, 1974) is a female Greek water polo player and Olympic silver medalist with the Greek national team.	Georgia Ellinaki	female
sex or gender	In January, 1833, female writer George Sand met Marie Dorval after the former wrote the actress a letter of appreciation following one of her performances.	Marie Dorval	female
sex or gender	Kaori Chiba (Japanese: 千葉 香織; born January 29, 1981 in Minami-Alps, Yamanashi) is a female field hockey player from Japan.	Kaori Chiba	female
sex or gender	Francisca Martínez (born October 4, 1966) is a retired female race walker from Mexico.	Francisca Martínez	female
sex or gender	Shao Tingting (born 9 February 1985 in Hubei) is a female Chinese basketball player who was part of the team that won the gold medal at the WCBA.	Shao Tingting	female
sex or gender	She decided to take back her real name - Marie de Villepin - when she got her first female leading part in the film Baikonur by German director and producer Veit Helmer.	Marie de Villepin	female
sex or gender	Gülşen Degener (born 25 October 1968, in Şanlıurfa) is a female Turkish-born, Germany-resident professional carom billiards player.	Gülşen Degener	female
spouse	Along with creating Denishawn with former wife Ruth St. Denis he is also responsible for the creation of the well known all-male company Ted Shawn and His Men Dancers.	Ted Shawn	Ruth St. Denis
spouse	Daisy Duck is a cartoon character created in 1940 by Walt Disney Productions as the girlfriend of Donald Duck.	Daisy Duck	Donald Duck
spouse	Catherine Hessling (born Andrée Madeleine Heuschling, 22 June 1900, Moronvilliers, Marne -- 28 September 1979, La Celle-Saint-Cloud, Yvelines) was a French actress and the first wife of film director Jean Renoir.	Catherine Hessling	Jean Renoir
spouse	Catherine Parr (alternatively spelled Katherine or Kateryn, signed 'Kateryn the Quene KP') (1512 -- 5 September 1548) was Queen of England and of Ireland (1543--47) as the last of the six wives of King Henry VIII, and the final queen consort of the House of Tudor.	Catherine Parr	Henry VIII
spouse	Thus, when he married Madeleine Lambert (1643--1720), the daughter of the renowned singer and composer Michel Lambert in 1662, Giovanni Battista Lulli declared himself to be ``Jean-Baptiste Lully, escuyer (squire), son of ''Laurent de Lully, gentilhomme Florentin (Florentine gentleman)``.	Jean-Baptiste Lully	Madeleine Lambert
spouse	Agnese Landini (Italian pronunciation: (aɲˈɲeːze lanˈdiːni), born on 11 November 1976) is an Italian teacher, wife of Prime Minister of Italy Matteo Renzi.	Agnese Landini	Matteo Renzi
spouse	Julia Compton Moore (February 10, 1929 -- April 18, 2004) was the wife of Hal Moore, a United States Army officer.	Julia Compton Moore	Hal Moore
spouse	Also in 2005, Bono, Ali Hewson and designer Rogan Gregory co-founded the EDUN fashion label (``nude'' spelled backwards, to suggest both ``natural'' and the Garden of Eden).	Bono	Ali Hewson
spouse	Born in Rajasthan, Om Shivpuri started his career by working at Jaipur Radio Station, where Sudha Shivpuri (who later became his wife) was working at the time.	Om Shivpuri	Sudha Shivpuri
spouse	Nephele married Athamas, but he divorced her for Ino.	Nephele	Athamas
spouse	Carmen Weber Aliaga (b. 1945 in Valdivia - August 8, 2007 in Concón) was the first wife of Chilean ex-president Ricardo Lagos and mother of politician Ricardo Lagos Weber.	Carmen Weber	Ricardo Lagos
spouse	Anne Margaret Coke, Viscountess Anson (25 January 1779 -- 23 May 1843) was an English painter, the daughter of Thomas Coke, 1st Earl of Leicester of Holkham, and wife of Thomas Anson, 1st Viscount Anson.	Anne Margaret Coke, Viscountess Anson	Thomas Anson, 1st Viscount Anson
spouse	Sophie Harris, still in England, married the actor and director George Devine (ca. 1910-1966) with whom she formed a relationship after the OUDS Romeo and Juliet.	Sophie Harris	George Devine
spouse	Empress Bayan Khutugh (1324--1365) was an Empress consort of the Yuan dynasty, married to Toghon Temür (Emperor Huizong).	Bayan Khutugh	Toghon Temür
spouse	Sir Owen Tudor (Welsh: Owain ap Maredudd ap Tudur, c. 1400--1461) was a Welsh courtier and the second husband of Catherine of Valois (1401--1437), Henry V's widow.	Owen Tudor	Catherine of Valois
spouse	Addison Randall twice married and divorced actress Louise Stanley, and he carried on a notorious affair with silent film actress Louise Brooks.	Addison Randall	Louise Stanley
spouse	Between 1989 and 2014 Ebba Witt-Brattström was married to Horace Engdahl, permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy.	Ebba Witt-Brattström	Horace Engdahl
spouse	Bridget Haraldsdotter, also Brigida (Swedish: Birgitta Haraldsdotter) (c. 1131 -- c. 1208) was a medieval Swedish Queen consort, spouse of King Magnus (II) of Sweden.	Bridget Haraldsdotter	Magnus (II) of Sweden
spouse	He was survived by his five children (Debbie, Gary, Shelly, Scott, and Curt Flood, Jr.), his wife (actress Judy Pace), and his two step-daughters.	Curt Flood	Judy Pace
spouse	The daughter of Charles and Marjorie Oelrichs, she became the wife of dance bandleader Eddy Duchin after the two met at the Waldorf, and wed on June 5, 1935.	Marjorie Oelrichs	Eddy Duchin
spouse	Anne Catherine of Brandenburg (26 June 1575 -- 8 April 1612) was queen-consort of Denmark and Norway from 1597 to 1612 as the first spouse of King Christian IV of Denmark.	Anne Catherine of Brandenburg	Christian IV of Denmark
spouse	As told in ``The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen'', Aragorn in his twentieth year met Arwen for the first time in Rivendell, where he lived under Elrond's protection.	Arwen	Aragorn
spouse	Widowed, in 1421 Nicolas Rolin married Guigone de Salins (1403--1470) and together they established the Hospices de Beaune.	Nicolas Rolin	Guigone de Salins
spouse	After being detained, Arif Yunus was sentenced to 7 years in jail; his wife, Leyla Yunus, was sentenced to 8.5 years in jail on charges that include fraud and tax evasion.	Arif Yunus	Leyla Yunus
spouse	Cossutia was a woman from a modest Roman family who became engaged to Julius Caesar prior to his assuming the toga of manhood.	Cossutia	Julius Caesar
spouse	Jelka Rosen (30 December 1868 -- 28 May 1935) was a German painter, best known as the wife of the English composer Frederick Delius.	Jelka Rosen	Frederick Delius
spouse	After Jeanne-Irène Biya died on 29 July 1992, Paul Biya married Chantal Biya (38 years younger than himself) on 23 April 1994, and had two more children with her.	Paul Biya	Chantal Biya
spouse	Samuel More was the husband of Katherine More, whose father, Jasper More, was master of Larden, a 1000-acre estate between Much Wenlock and Ludlow in Shropshire, England.	Samuel More	Katherine More
spouse	Irene Syrikaina (Greek: Εἰρήνη Συρίκαινα) was the third Empress-consort of Manuel I of Trebizond.	Irene Syrikaina	Manuel I of Trebizond
spouse	Marc Evans is married to actress Nia Roberts; the couple lives in Cardiff, and have a daughter, Edith.	Marc Evans	Nia Roberts
