author	Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand (1984) is a science fiction novel by Samuel R. Delany.	Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand	Samuel R. Delany
author	The Anthologist is a novel about poetry by Nicholson Baker which was first published in 2009.	The Anthologist	Nicholson Baker
author	The Book of Los is a 1795 prophetic book by the English poet and painter William Blake.	The Book of Los	William Blake
author	Boys' Ranch was a six-issue American comic book series created by the veteran writer-artist team of Joe Simon and Jack Kirby for Harvey Comics in 1950.	Boys' Ranch	Jack Kirby
author	Cloud Boy is a children's picture book written and illustrated by creator Rhode Montijo and published by Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing.	Cloud Boy	Rhode Montijo
author	Rim of the Pit (1944) is a locked-room mystery novel written by Hake Talbot, a pen name of Henning Nelms.	Rim of the Pit	Hake Talbot
author	Regarding the Pain of Others is a 2003 book by Susan Sontag, which was nominated for the National Book Critics Circle Award.	Regarding the Pain of Others	Susan Sontag
author	TekWar is a series of science fiction novels created by William Shatner and ghost-written by science-fiction author Ron Goulart, published by Putnam.	TekWar	William Shatner
author	The Elegance of the Hedgehog (French: L'Élégance du hérisson) is a novel by the French novelist and professor of philosophy Muriel Barbery.	The Elegance of the Hedgehog	Muriel Barbery
author	A Captive Lion is a 1987 biography of Marina Tsvetayeva by Elaine Feinstein.	A Captive Lion	Elaine Feinstein
author	People of the Wolf is a 1990 historical fiction novel by husband and wife co-authors W. Michael Gear and Kathleen O'Neal Gear.	People of the Wolf	W. Michael Gear	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
author	The Defence of the True and Catholic Doctrine of the Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ is a book by Thomas Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury.	Defence of the True and Catholic Doctrine of the Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ	Thomas Cranmer
author	Such a Parcel of Rogues in a Nation is a Scottish folk song whose lyrics are taken from a poem written by Robert Burns in 1791.	Such a Parcel of Rogues in a Nation	Robert Burns
author	Moral Disorder (ISBN 0-7475-8162-2) is a collection of connected short stories by Margaret Atwood.	Moral Disorder	Margaret Atwood
author	The Rise and Fall of Little Voice is a 1992 play written by English dramatist Jim Cartwright.	The Rise and Fall of Little Voice	Jim Cartwright
author	Danger Unlimited is a comic book series written and drawn by John Byrne.	Danger Unlimited	John Byrne
author	Flight from Nevèrÿon is a collection of sword and sorcery stories by Samuel R. Delany.	Flight from Nevèrÿon	Samuel R. Delany
author	The King's Dragon is the 41st Doctor Who New Series Adventures novel, published on 8 July 2010 by BBC Books and written by Una McCormack.	The King's Dragon	Una McCormack
author	Telek is a science fiction novella about telekinesis by American author Jack Vance.	Telek	Jack Vance
author	Full Dark, No Stars, published in November 2010, is a collection of four novellas by the author Stephen King, all dealing with the theme of retribution.	Full Dark, No Stars	Stephen King
author	Bad Debts (1996) is a Ned Kelly Award winning novel by Australian author Peter Temple.	Bad Debts	Peter Temple
author	The Adoration of the Sacrament (1523) (German: Vom Anbeten des Sakraments des heiligen leichnams Christi) is Martin Luther's treatise, written to Bohemian Brethren to defend the adoration of the body and blood of Christ in the Eucharist.	The Adoration of the Sacrament	Martin Luther
author	Die Nigger Die! is a 1969 political autobiography by the American political activist H. Rap Brown (now known as Jamil Abdullah al-Amin).	Die Nigger Die!	H. Rap Brown
author	In Good King Charles's Golden Days is a play by George Bernard Shaw, subtitled A True History that Never Happened.	In Good King Charles's Golden Days	George Bernard Shaw
author	Nightmare Inn is a series of young adult horror novels by Todd Strasser, who penned the books using the pseudonym T. S. Rue (another pen name he sometimes uses is Morton Rhue).	Nightmare Inn	Todd Strasser
author	Smoky Joe's Cafe, a novel by Bryce Courtenay, deals with the psychological and physical scars on ``Thommo'' left by the Vietnam War and Agent Orange.	Smoky Joe's Cafe	Bryce Courtenay
author	The Crook Factory is a thriller novel by American author Dan Simmons.	The Crook Factory	Dan Simmons
author	Gypsy Rizka is a light-hearted novel by Lloyd Alexander about a girl who survives purely on her own wit.	Gypsy Rizka	Lloyd Alexander
author	``Lucy Gray'' is a poem written by William Wordsworth in 1799 and published in his Lyrical Ballads.	Lucy Gray	William Wordsworth
author	Summer Brave is a play by William Inge, a revision of his Pulitzer Prize-winning 1953 play Picnic.	Summer Brave	William Inge
author	The Jaguar Hunter is a collection of science fiction, fantasy and horror stories by American author Lucius Shepard.	The Jaguar Hunter	Lucius Shepard
author	First Men to the Moon is a novel by rocketry expert Wernher von Braun, published in 1960.	First Men to the Moon	Wernher von Braun
author	The Man in the Moone is a book by the English divine and Church of England bishop Francis Godwin (1562--1633), describing a ``voyage of utopian discovery''.	The Man in the Moone	Francis Godwin
author	The Badlands Saloon is a novel by Jonathan Twingley, a nationally-recognized artist and illustrator in the U.S. Published by Scribner in 2009, the 224-page hardcover tells the story of Oliver Clay, and his life-changing summer in a small North Dakota town.	The Badlands Saloon	Jonathan Twingley
author	The Rich Pay Late is Volume I of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven, published in 1964.	The Rich Pay Late	Simon Raven
author	A River Sutra is a collection of stories written by Gita Mehta and published in 1993.	A River Sutra	Gita Mehta
author	``Description of a Struggle'' (German: ``Beschreibung eines Kampfes'') is a short story by Franz Kafka.	Description of a Struggle	Franz Kafka
author	A Game of Authors is a thriller novel written by Frank Herbert between The Dragon in the Sea (1955) and Dune (1965), and published posthumously in 2013.	A Game of Authors	Frank Herbert
author	A History of the English-Speaking Peoples is a four-volume history of Britain and its former colonies and possessions throughout the world, written by Winston Churchill, covering the period from Caesar's invasions of Britain (55 BC) to the beginning of the First World War (1914).	A History of the English-Speaking Peoples	Winston Churchill
author	``Uncle Wiggily in Connecticut'' is a short story by J. D. Salinger, which appears in his collection Nine Stories.	Uncle Wiggily in Connecticut	J. D. Salinger
author	Corps Locaux by Jean-Pierre Serre, originally published in 1962 and translated into English as Local Fields by Marvin Jay Greenberg in 1979, is a seminal graduate-level algebraic number theory text covering local fields, ramification, group cohomology, and local class field theory.	Local Fields	Jean-Pierre Serre
author	Die Sexualität im Kulturkampf (``sexuality in the culture war''), 1936 (published later in English as The Sexual Revolution), is a work by Wilhelm Reich.	Die Sexualität im Kulturkampf	Wilhelm Reich
author	Menhaj Al-Sadeghin is a fifteenth-century exegesis of the Quran in Persian in 10 volumes by Molla Fathollah Kashani.	Menhaj Al-Sadeghin	Molla Fathollah Kashani
author	Rhett Butler's People by Donald McCaig is an authorized sequel to Gone with the Wind.	Rhett Butler's People	Donald McCaig
author	Traditi humilitati is a papal encyclical issued by Pope Pius VIII in 1829.	Traditi humilitati	Pius VIII
author	The Amazing 3, known in Japan as W3 or Wonder 3 (ワンダー3 Wandā Surī), is an Osamu Tezuka manga and a black and white anime series from the 1960s.	The Amazing 3	Osamu Tezuka
author	The City of Ravens is a fantasy novel by Richard Baker that is set in city of Raven's Bluff in the Forgotten Realms fictional universe.	The City of Ravens	Richard Baker
author	Captain Slaughterboard Drops Anchor is a darkly humorous children's picture book written and illustrated by the British author Mervyn Peake and published by Country Life in 1939.	Captain Slaughterboard Drops Anchor	Mervyn Peake
author	Three Men on a Horse is a play by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm.	Three Men on a Horse	George Abbott
author	The Mystery Play is the title of a graphic novel written by Grant Morrison and illustrated by Jon J. Muth, it was released as a hardcover by DC Comics Vertigo imprint in 1994.	The Mystery Play	Grant Morrison
author	The Island of the Day Before (Italian: L'isola del giorno prima) is a historical fiction novel by Umberto Eco set in the 17th-century during the historical search for the secret of longitude.	The Island of the Day Before	Umberto Eco
author	Most recently, Spécialités de la Maison was reprinted with a preface and select biographies by former Art + Auction editor Christine Schwartz Hartley and a forward by Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter.	Spécialités de la Maison	Christine Schwartz Hartley	Graydon Carter
author	The Second Stage is a 1981 book by American feminist, activist and writer Betty Friedan, best known for her earlier book The Feminine Mystique.	The Second Stage	Betty Friedan
author	Tsar Fyodor Ioannovich (Russian: Царь Фёдор Иоаннович, old orthography: Царь Ѳедоръ Іоанновичъ) is a 1868 historical drama by Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy.	Tsar Fyodor Ioannovich	Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy
author	Necroscope is the title of a series of horror novels by British author Brian Lumley.	Necroscope	Brian Lumley
author	Drömmen om en vän in Swedish and Drømmen om en venn in Norwegian (in English The Dream about a Friend; this novel has not has been translated into English) is a novel by Margit Sandemo.	Drömmen om en vän	Margit Sandemo
author	Conspiracy Game is the fourth title in the Ghostwalker Series of paranormal romance by Christine Feehan.	Conspiracy Game	Christine Feehan
author	Blood and Smoke (1999) is an audiobook where Stephen King reads three of his own short stories.	Blood and Smoke	Stephen King
author	L'huomo di lettere difeso ed emendato (Rome, 1645) by the Ferrarese Jesuit Daniello Bartoli (1608-1685) is a two-part treatise on the man of letters bringing together material he had assembled as a teacher of rhetoric and a preacher.	L'huomo di lettere	Daniello Bartoli
author	I, Juan de Pareja is a novel by Elizabeth Borton de Treviño that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1966.	I, Juan de Pareja	Elizabeth Borton de Treviño
author	A Gent from Bear Creek is a collection of Western short stories by Robert E. Howard.	A Gent from Bear Creek	Robert E. Howard
author	Tramp Royale is a nonfiction travelogue by science fiction writer Robert A. Heinlein, describing how he and his wife, Ginny, went around the world by ship and plane between 1953 and 1954.	Tramp Royale	Robert A. Heinlein
author	The Expanded Psionics Handbook is a sourcebook by Bruce Cordell for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game that contains rules and options for integrating psychic powers (a.k.a. psionics) into the game.	Expanded Psionics Handbook	Bruce Cordell
author	``The Doctor and the Doctor's Wife'' is a short story by Ernest Hemingway, published in the 1925 New York edition of In Our Time, by Boni & Liveright.	The Doctor and the Doctor's Wife	Ernest Hemingway
author	``Delilah and the Space Rigger'', a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein, is one of his most explicitly feminist-themed short stories.	Delilah and the Space Rigger	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Starship Through Space is a science-fiction novel written by G. Harry Stine under the pseudonym Lee Correy.	Starship Through Space	G. Harry Stine
author	Life Together is a book by the German theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer, written while Bonhoeffer taught at an underground seminary.	Life Together	Dietrich Bonhoeffer
author	The Delicate Prey and Other Stories is a collection of 17 stories written by Paul Bowles, first published in 1950.	The Delicate Prey and Other Stories	Paul Bowles
author	Black Chicks Talking is an arts project by Australian actress Leah Purcell featuring a 2001 documentary film, a 2002 book, a stage production and an art exhibition.	Black Chicks Talking	Leah Purcell
author	The IPCRESS File is Len Deighton's first spy novel, published in 1962.	The IPCRESS File	Len Deighton
author	Ella Morris is the tenth novel by John David Morley, a story of Europe, about the calamities which befell the continent last century.	Ella Morris	John David Morley
author	Dark Age Ahead is a 2004 book by Jane Jacobs describing what she sees as the decay of five key ``pillars'' in ``North America'': community and family, higher education, science and technology, taxes and government responsive to citizen's needs, and self-regulation by the learned professions.	Dark Age Ahead	Jane Jacobs
author	The Oversoul Seven Trilogy is a novel by psychic author Jane Roberts.	The Oversoul Seven Trilogy	Jane Roberts
author	Bo Knows Bo is the autobiography of Bo Jackson, who excelled in both professional football and professional baseball, before injuries ended his careers.	Bo Knows Bo	Bo Jackson
author	Zombie Bums from Uranus is a novel by Australian children's author Andy Griffiths, and is the second part of Griffiths' Bum trilogy.	Zombie Bums from Uranus	Andy Griffiths
author	Something Might Happen (2003) is a novel by Julie Myerson about a murder in a small English seaside town and how it affects the community as well as friends and family of the murder victim.	Something Might Happen	Julie Myerson
author	Iphigénie is a dramatic tragedy in five acts written in alexandrine verse by the French playwright Jean Racine.	Iphigénie	Jean Racine
author	Chicks 'n Chained Males is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Esther M. Friesner with the assistance of Martin H. Greenberg, with a cover by Larry Elmore.	Chicks 'n Chained Males	Martin H. Greenberg
author	The Galactic Gourmet is a 1996 science fiction book by author James White and is part of the Sector General series.	The Galactic Gourmet	James White
author	``The Game of Rat and Dragon'' is a short story written by Cordwainer Smith in 1954 and published in Galaxy Science Fiction in 1955.	The Game of Rat and Dragon	Cordwainer Smith
author	Daphnis and Chloe (Greek: Δάφνις καὶ Χλόη, Daphnis kai Chloē) is the only known work of the 2nd century AD Greek novelist and romancer Longus.	Daphnis and Chloe	Longus
author	Live at the Whitehouse is a live album by The Exploited.	Live at the Whitehouse	The Exploited
author	Universe 1 is an anthology of original science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr, the initial volume in a series of seventeen.	Universe 1	Terry Carr
author	The Treasure of El Patron (later retitled Treasure Ship) is the tenth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen.	The Treasure of El Patron	Gary Paulsen
author	The Plan of Guadalupe (Spanish: Plan de Guadalupe) was a document drafted on March 23, 1913 by Governor of Coahuila, Venustiano Carranza, in response to the overthrow and execution of President Francisco I. Madero during the Ten Tragic Days of February 1913.	Plan of Guadalupe	Venustiano Carranza
author	The Theory of Good and Evil is a 1907 book by the English philosopher Hastings Rashdall.	The Theory of Good and Evil	Hastings Rashdall
author	The Līlāvatī is Indian mathematician Bhāskara II's treatise on mathematics, written in 1150.	Līlāvatī	Bhāskara II
author	The German Academy of the Noble Arts of Architecture, Sculpture and Painting, or Teutsche Academie, refers to a comprehensive dictionary of art by Joachim von Sandrart published in the late 17th-century.	Teutsche Academie	Joachim von Sandrart
author	The Claidi Journals is a fantasy novel quartet written by Tanith Lee.	The Claidi Journals	Tanith Lee
author	The 120 Days of Sodom, or the School of Libertinism (Les 120 journées de Sodome ou l'école du libertinage) is a novel by the French writer and nobleman Donatien Alphonse François, Marquis de Sade.	The 120 Days of Sodom	Marquis de Sade
author	Slavorum Apostoli (Latin for Apostles of the Slavs) is an encyclical written by Pope John Paul II in 1985.	Slavorum Apostoli	John Paul II
author	O Jerusalem! is a history book by Dominique Lapierre and Larry Collins that seeks to capture the events and struggles surrounding the creation of the state of Israel.	O Jerusalem!	Dominique Lapierre
author	Martial Power was published in November 2008 and was designed by Rob Heinsoo, David Noonan, Chris Sims, and Robert J. Schwalb.	Martial Power	Rob Heinsoo	David Noonan	Chris Sims
author	The Howling Miller (Finnish: Ulvova mylläri) is a 1981 novel by the Finnish author Arto Paasilinna.	The Howling Miller	Arto Paasilinna
author	Sganarelle, or The Imaginary Cuckold (French: Sganarelle, ou Le Cocu imaginaire) is a one-act comedy in verse by Molière.	The Imaginary Cuckold	Molière
author	One of Cleopatra's Nights and Other Fantastic Romances is a collection of fantasy short stories by Théophile Gautier, selected from his Nouvelles and Romans et Contes and translated from the French by Lafcadio Hearn.	One of Cleopatra's Nights and Other Fantastic Romances	Théophile Gautier
author	Dangerous Obsession is a psychological thriller written by N. J. Crisp which premièred at the Churchill Theatre, Bromley on 9 November 1987.	Dangerous Obsession	N. J. Crisp
author	Barlowe's Inferno details artist/author Wayne Barlowe's imaginary journey to a unique and vivid depiction of Hell.	Barlowe's Inferno	Wayne Barlowe
author	Se Wsi Testamenti (Uusi testamentti in contemporary Finnish) is the first translation of the New Testament to Finnish, by Mikael Agricola, the Bishop of Turku.	Se Wsi Testamenti	Mikael Agricola
author	Translated Accounts is a novel by the Scottish writer James Kelman published in 2001.	Translated Accounts	James Kelman
author	The Solitaire Mystery (Norwegian: Kabalmysteriet) is a 1990 fantasy novel by Jostein Gaarder, the Norwegian author of the best-selling Sophie's World.	The Solitaire Mystery	Jostein Gaarder
author	The New Deadwardians is an eight issue comic book series by Dan Abnett with artwork by I.N.J. Culbard.	The New Deadwardians	Dan Abnett
author	The Sword of Shannara is a 1977 epic fantasy novel by Terry Brooks.	The Sword of Shannara	Terry Brooks
author	Un destino ridicolo (A ridiculous destiny) is a 1996 novel written by the Italian singer-songwriter Fabrizio De André together with the writer Alessandro Gennari.	Un destino ridicolo	Fabrizio De André	Alessandro Gennari
author	``The People of the Summit'' is a short story by Björn Nyberg, subsequently revised by L. Sprague de Camp, featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard.	The People of the Summit	Björn Nyberg
author	The Song of the Shirt is a poem written by Thomas Hood in 1843.	The Song of the Shirt	Thomas Hood
author	The Goliath Bone is the 14th entry in the Mike Hammer series by Mickey Spillane.	The Goliath Bone	Mickey Spillane
author	The Men Who Stare at Goats (2004) is a book by Jon Ronson concerning the U.S. Army's exploration of New Age concepts and the potential military applications of the paranormal.	The Men Who Stare at Goats	Jon Ronson
author	The Codex Atlanticus (Atlantic Codex) is a twelve-volume, bound set of drawings and writings (in italian language) by Leonardo da Vinci, the largest such set; its name indicates its atlas-like breadth.	Codex Atlanticus	Leonardo da Vinci
author	The phrase ``I know that I know nothing'' or ``I know one thing: that I know nothing'', sometimes called the Socratic paradox, is a well-known saying that is derived from Plato's account of the Greek philosopher Socrates.	I know that I know nothing	Socrates
author	Bottled in Blonde is a collection of Detective fiction stories by author Hugh B. Cave.	Bottled in Blonde	Hugh B. Cave
author	``Think Blue, Count Two'' is a science fiction short story by Cordwainer Smith, set in his Instrumentality of Mankind future history.	Think Blue, Count Two	Cordwainer Smith
author	An Account of Capers is a novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.	An Account of Capers	Bruce Marshall
author	Carpe Jugulum (/ˈkɑrpi ˈdʒʌɡjʉləm/; Latatian for ``seize the throat'', cf. Carpe diem) is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett, the twenty-third in the Discworld series.	Carpe Jugulum	Terry Pratchett
author	Hacking Matter is a 2003 book by Wil McCarthy.	Hacking Matter	Wil McCarthy
author	Flowers for Algernon is a science fiction short story and subsequent novel written by Daniel Keyes.	Flowers for Algernon	Daniel Keyes
author	King Ink is a collection of poetry, lyrics, plays and writings by Australian musician and author Nick Cave.	King Ink	Nick Cave
author	Cloudsplitter is a 1998 historical novel by Russell Banks relating the story of abolitionist John Brown.	Cloudsplitter	Russell Banks
author	Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories is a collection of short stories by Bram Stoker, first published in 1914, two years after Stoker's death.	Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories	Bram Stoker
author	Who Guards a Prince? is a 1982 novel by Reginald Hill, the author best known for his Dalziel and Pascoe series of crime novels.	Who Guards a Prince?	Reginald Hill
author	Beyond the Gap is a fantasy novel by Harry Turtledove, published in February 2007.	Beyond the Gap	Harry Turtledove
author	The Lamentation of a Sinner is a three-part sequence of reflections published by the English queen Catherine Parr, the sixth wife and widow of Henry VIII, as well as the first woman to publish in English under her own name.	The Lamentation of a Sinner	Catherine Parr
author	The Social Significance of the Modern Drama is a 1914 treatise by Emma Goldman on political implications of significant playwrights in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	The Social Significance of the Modern Drama	Emma Goldman
author	Punisher Kills the Marvel Universe is a 1995 one-shot comic book written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Doug Braithwaite with most inking done by Michael L. Halblieb, which depicts a story where Frank Castle kills every superhero and supervillain in the Marvel Universe including himself.	Punisher Kills the Marvel Universe	Garth Ennis
author	The Borrowers is a children's fantasy novel by the English author Mary Norton, published by Dent in 1952.	The Borrowers	Mary Norton
author	Left Neglected is a 2011 novel by Lisa Genova.	Left Neglected	Lisa Genova
author	Full Metal Jacket Diary is a book written by American author, actor and photographer Matthew Modine and published by Rugged Land October 25, 2005.	Full Metal Jacket Diary	Matthew Modine
author	Wilhelm Reich in Hell is a play and book written by author Robert Anton Wilson, and published in 1987.	Wilhelm Reich in Hell	Robert Anton Wilson
author	Saint Genet, Actor and Martyr (French: Saint Genet, comédien et martyr) is a book by the French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre about the writer Jean Genet especially on his The Thief's Journal.	Saint Genet	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	The Warlord of the Air is a 1971 British alternate history science fiction novel written by Michael Moorcock.	Warlord of the Air	Michael Moorcock
author	Principles of Geology: being an attempt to explain the former changes of the Earth's surface, by reference to causes now in operation is a book by the Scottish geologist Charles Lyell, first published in 3 volumes in 1830--1833.	Principles of Geology	Charles Lyell
author	``The Frog and the Mouse'' is one of Aesop's Fables and exists in several versions.	The Frog and the Mouse	Aesop
author	Ramona Forever is a humorous children's novel written by Beverly Cleary.	Ramona Forever	Beverly Cleary
author	The Prestige is a 1995 novel by British writer Christopher Priest.	The Prestige	Christopher Priest
author	Covering Islam is a 1981 book written by Palestinian author Edward Said about how the Western media distorts the image of Islam.	Covering Islam	Edward Said
author	The Italian Girl is a novel by Iris Murdoch, first published in 1964.	The Italian Girl	Iris Murdoch
author	Snugglepot and Cuddlepie is a series of books written by Australian author May Gibbs.	Snugglepot and Cuddlepie	May Gibbs
author	The Spice-Box of Earth is Canadian poet and songwriter Leonard Cohen's second collection of poetry.	The Spice-Box of Earth	Leonard Cohen
author	Toward the End of Time is a novel by American writer John Updike, published in 1997.	Toward the End of Time	John Updike
author	The Blade Itself is a crime thriller novel by Marcus Sakey that was released in January 2007.	The Blade Itself	Marcus Sakey
author	Saturn Rukh is a hard science fiction novel written by the United States physicist Robert L. Forward.	Saturn Rukh	Robert L. Forward
author	The Golden Day (2011) is a young adult mystery novel by Australian author Ursula Dubosarsky.	The Golden Day	Ursula Dubosarsky
author	Songs in Ordinary Time is the 1995 novel by Mary McGarry Morris, and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in June 1997.	Songs in Ordinary Time	Mary McGarry Morris
author	The Light in the Forest is a novel first published in 1953 by U.S. author Conrad Richter.	The Light in the Forest	Conrad Richter
author	Prize Ship is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick, first published in 1954 in Thrilling Wonder Stories and later in The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick, Volume One Beyond Lies The Wub and later trade editions of the collected stories.	Prize Ship	Philip K. Dick
author	The White Juga, (Albanian: Juga e Bardhē), is an Albanian novel written by Jakov Xoxa in 1971.	The White Juga	Jakov Xoxa
author	Web of the City (originally published as Rumble) is the first novel written by American author Harlan Ellison.	Web of the City	Harlan Ellison
author	Schild's Ladder is a 2002 science fiction novel by Australian author Greg Egan.	Schild's Ladder	Greg Egan
author	The Art of the Start is a popular 2004 business book written by Guy Kawasaki.	The Art of the Start	Guy Kawasaki
author	The Paladin is a 1988 fantasy novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.	The Paladin	C. J. Cherryh
author	The Shape of Snakes (2000) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters.	The Shape of Snakes	Minette Walters
author	Living to Tell the Tale (original Spanish-language title: Vivir para contarla) is the first volume of the autobiography of Gabriel García Márquez.	Living to Tell the Tale	Gabriel García Márquez
author	Compendium Maleficarum is a witch-hunter's manual written in Latin by Francesco Maria Guazzo, and published in Milan, Italy in 1608.	Compendium Maleficarum	Francesco Maria Guazzo
author	Ghost Stations is a series of books by the British military historian Bruce Barrymore Halpenny, containing ostensibly true ghost and mystery stories generally connected to the RAF, airfields and other military or war connected stories.	Ghost Stations	Bruce Barrymore Halpenny
author	``Captain Stormfield's Visit to Heaven'' is a short story written by American writer Mark Twain.	Captain Stormfield's Visit to Heaven	Mark Twain
author	SS-GB is an alternate history novel by Len Deighton, set in a United Kingdom conquered and occupied by Germany during the Second World War.	SS-GB	Len Deighton
author	``Wisdom of Children'' (also translated as Little Girls Wiser than Men) is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1885.	Wisdom of Children	Leo Tolstoy
author	Dark Green, Bright Red is a novel by Gore Vidal, concerning a revolution headed by a former military dictator in an unnamed Central American republic.	Dark Green, Bright Red	Gore Vidal
author	``Plato's Dream'' (1756) is a short story written in the 18th century by the French philosopher and satirist Voltaire.	Plato's Dream	Voltaire
author	The Skeptic's Dictionary is a collection of cross-referenced skeptical essays by Robert Todd Carroll, published on his website skepdic.com and in a printed book.	The Skeptic's Dictionary	Robert Todd Carroll
author	Under the Never Sky is a 2012 young adult debut novel by Veronica Rossi and is the first in a trilogy.	Under the Never Sky	Veronica Rossi
author	A History of Chinese Literature is an English history of Chinese literature written by Herbert Giles, and published in 1901.	A History of Chinese Literature	Herbert Giles
author	Bad, Bad Bunny Trouble is a 1994 children's picture book written and illustrated by Hans Wilhelm.	Bad, Bad Bunny Trouble	Hans Wilhelm
author	Tunnel in the Sky is a science fiction novel written by Robert A. Heinlein and published in 1955 by Scribner's as one of the Heinlein juveniles.	Tunnel in the Sky	Robert A. Heinlein
author	The Blue World is a science fiction adventure novel written by Jack Vance.	The Blue World	Jack Vance
author	Five Go to Mystery Moor (published in 1954) is a popular children's book written by Enid Blyton.	Five Go to Mystery Moor	Enid Blyton
author	The Tables of the Law (Das Gesetz) is a 1944 novella by German writer Thomas Mann.	The Tables of the Law	Thomas Mann
author	Mastering the Art of Solution-Focused Counseling is a book by mental health counselor, educator, and author Jeffrey Guterman that describes the theory and practice of solution-focused counseling.	Mastering the Art of Solution-Focused Counseling	Jeffrey Guterman
author	The Lords of the North is the third historical novel in the Saxon Stories by Bernard Cornwell published in 2006.	The Lords of the North	Bernard Cornwell
author	Queen of the Falls is a 2011 fiction novel by children's writer Chris Van Allsburg.	Queen of the Falls	Chris Van Allsburg
author	Turning Thirty (2000) is the third novel from Birmingham born lad--lit writer Mike Gayle.	Turning Thirty	Mike Gayle
author	The Royal Abbey of Saint-Denis is a book about the history of the Royal Abbey of Saint-Denis by Sumner McKnight Crosby.	The Royal Abbey of Saint-Denis	Sumner McKnight Crosby
author	The Hothouse (1958/1980) is a full-length tragicomedy written by Harold Pinter in the winter of 1958 between The Birthday Party (1957) and The Caretaker (1959).	The Hothouse	Harold Pinter
author	Den mörka sanningen - En berättelse om kärlek och omsorg, svek och mod (Swedish: The Dark Truth - A Story About Love and Care, Fraud and Gallantry) is a love- and crime novel by Norwegian-Swedish author Margit Sandemo from 2001.	Den mörka sanningen	Margit Sandemo
author	True Britt was a best-selling autobiography, published in 1980, by the actress Britt Ekland.	True Britt	Britt Ekland
author	The Space Machine, subtitled A Scientific Romance, is a science fiction novel written by English writer Christopher Priest.	The Space Machine	Christopher Priest
author	Humanae vitae (Latin Of Human Life) is an encyclical written by Pope Paul VI and issued on 25 July 1968.	Humanae vitae	Paul VI
author	The New Noah is a book written by British naturalist and writer Gerald Durrell.	The New Noah	Gerald Durrell
author	The Restraint of Beasts is a tragicomic debut novel, written by Magnus Mills.	The Restraint of Beasts	Magnus Mills
author	The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian is the first of a three volume set collecting the Conan stories by author Robert E. Howard.	The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian	Robert E. Howard
author	The Princess and the Queen, or, the Blacks and the Greens is a novella by George R. R. Martin, published in the 2013 anthology Dangerous Women.	The Princess and the Queen	George R. R. Martin
author	``What the Dead Men Say'' is a science fiction novella by Philip K. Dick first published in Worlds of Tomorrow magazine in June 1964.	What the Dead Men Say	Philip K. Dick
author	The Incorporated Knight is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp, the first book in his sequence of two Neo-Napolitanian novels.	The Incorporated Knight	Catherine Crook de Camp
author	The Bookseller of Kabul is a non-fiction book written by Norwegian journalist Åsne Seierstad, about a bookseller, Shah Muhammad Rais (whose name was changed to Sultan Khan), and his family in Kabul, Afghanistan, published in Norwegian in 2002 and English in 2003.	The Bookseller of Kabul	Åsne Seierstad
author	On the Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient Reason (German: Über die vierfache Wurzel des Satzes vom zureichenden Grunde) is an elaboration on the classical Principle of Sufficient Reason written by German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer as his doctoral dissertation in 1813.	On the Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient Reason	Arthur Schopenhauer
author	New and Selected Poems is a collection of poems by Samuel Menashe, first published in 2005 by the Library of America as part of the American Poets project, after the author received the Neglected Masters Award from the Poetry Foundation.	New and Selected Poems	Samuel Menashe
author	Spook Country is a 2007 novel by speculative fiction author William Gibson.	Spook Country	William Gibson
author	Notable American Women is a novel written by Ben Marcus and published in March 2002.	Notable American Women	Ben Marcus
author	Pictures from Italy is a travelogue by Charles Dickens, written in 1846.	Pictures from Italy	Charles Dickens
author	Sex and the Single Ghost is a paranormal romance novel by Tawny Taylor.	Sex and the Single Ghost	Tawny Taylor
author	The Hour We Knew Nothing of Each Other (German: Die Stunde, da wir nichts voneinander wußten) is a one-act play without words written by Peter Handke.	The Hour We Knew Nothing of Each Other	Peter Handke
author	Ecclesia in Asia is a document issued by Pope John Paul II to serve as a blueprint for the expansion of the Roman Catholic faith in Asia.	Ecclesia in Asia	John Paul II
author	Captains Courageous is an 1897 novel, by Rudyard Kipling, that follows the adventures of fifteen-year-old Harvey Cheyne Jr., the spoiled son of a railroad tycoon, after he is saved from drowning by a Portuguese fisherman in the north Atlantic.	Captains Courageous	Rudyard Kipling
author	In Mexico is the second photo book by American visual artist Jessica Lange, published by RM in United States, Mexico, Spain and United Kingdom, respectively, in 2010.	In Mexico	Jessica Lange
author	Red Rabbit (2002) is a New York Times bestselling novel by Tom Clancy.	Red Rabbit	Tom Clancy
author	A Lie of the Mind is a play written by Sam Shepard, first staged at the off-Broadway Promenade Theater on 5 December 1985.	A Lie of the Mind	Sam Shepard
author	The Last Letter Home (Swedish: Sista brevet till Sverige) is a novel by Vilhelm Moberg from 1959.	The Last Letter Home	Vilhelm Moberg
author	``Last Day of the Last Furlough'' is a short story written by American writer J. D. Salinger in 1944 and published in the July 15th issue of Saturday Evening Post.	Last Day of the Last Furlough	J. D. Salinger
author	Beyond Infinity is a collection of science fiction stories by author Robert Spencer Carr.	Beyond Infinity	Robert Spencer Carr
author	Dionysian-Dithyrambs (German: Dionysos-Dithyramben) is a collection of nine poems written in the fall of 1888 by Friedrich Nietzsche under the nom de plume of Dionysos.	Dionysian-Dithyrambs	Friedrich Nietzsche
author	The Elements of Moral Philosophy, by James Rachels and Stuart Rachels, is a textbook regarding the field of ethics.	The Elements of Moral Philosophy	James Rachels
author	Nabokov's Congeries was a collection of work by Vladimir Nabokov published in 1968 and reprinted in 1971 as The Portable Nabokov.	Nabokov's Congeries	Vladimir Nabokov
author	Vintage Munro is a 2004 book of short stories by Alice Munro published by Vintage Books.	Vintage Munro	Alice Munro
author	The Girl Who Leapt Through Time (Toki wo Kakeru Shōjo (時をかける少女, literally ``Time-Soaring Girl'')) is a science fiction novel by Yasutaka Tsutsui.	The Girl Who Leapt Through Time	Yasutaka Tsutsui
author	A Fall of Moondust is a hard science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke, first published in 1961.	A Fall of Moondust	Arthur C. Clarke
author	The Mediator is a series which contains six novels written by Meg Cabot.	The Mediator	Meg Cabot
author	A Darker Domain is a 2008 psychological thriller novel by Scottish crime writer Val McDermid.	A Darker Domain	Val McDermid
author	Sonnet 21 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare and is part of the ``fair youth'' sequence.	Sonnet 21	William Shakespeare
author	The Certificate is a novel by Isaac Bashevis Singer, published in English in 1992 (published in Yiddish in 1967).	The Certificate	Isaac Bashevis Singer
author	A Box of Rain is a 1990 book by Grateful Dead lyricist Robert Hunter, compiling his complete songbook, in and out of the Dead, from 1965 until 1990.	A Box of Rain	Robert Hunter
author	Brooklyn Station, Terminus Cosmos is volume ten in the French comic book (or bande dessinée) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean-Claude Mézières.	Brooklyn Station, Terminus Cosmos	Pierre Christin
author	A Gate at the Stairs is a novel by American fiction writer Lorrie Moore.	A Gate at the Stairs	Lorrie Moore
author	The Crystal Prison is the second novel in the Deptford Mice Trilogy by Robin Jarvis (first published in 1989).	The Crystal Prison	Robin Jarvis
author	Dickens' Women is a one person show written by Miriam Margolyes and Sonia Fraser and starring Margolyes.	Dickens' Women	Miriam Margolyes
author	Further Adventures of the Family from One End Street is an English children's book by Eve Garnett which was first published by Heinemann in 1956.	Further Adventures of the Family from One End Street	Eve Garnett
author	Lud-in-the-Mist (1926) is the third of three novels by Hope Mirrlees.	Lud-in-the-Mist	Hope Mirrlees
author	The Information Officer is the third novel by English author Mark Mills, published in 2009 by HarperCollins.	The Information Officer	Mark Mills
author	``Treasure Under Glass'' is a 1997 Uncle Scrooge comic story by Don Rosa.	Treasure Under Glass	Don Rosa
author	City of Torment is the second novel in the Abolethic Sovereignty series written by Bruce Cordell and published in September 2009.	City of Torment	Bruce Cordell
author	A House and Its Head is a 1935 novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett.	A House and Its Head	Ivy Compton-Burnett
author	A Full Vindication of the Measures of Congress was one of Alexander Hamilton's first published works, published in December 1774, while Hamilton was a 17-year-old student at King's College in New York City.	A Full Vindication of the Measures of Congress	Alexander Hamilton
author	The Black Curtain is a mystery novel written by Cornell Woolrich.	The Black Curtain	Cornell Woolrich
author	The Lost Princess of Oz is the eleventh canonical Oz book written by L. Frank Baum.	The Lost Princess of Oz	L. Frank Baum
author	The Viking Trilogy is a trilogy of juvenile historical novels by Henry Treece.	Viking Trilogy	Henry Treece
author	An Historical Relation of the Island Ceylon together With somewhat Concerning Severall Remarkable passages of my life that hath hapned since my Deliverance out of Captivity is a book written by the English trader and sailor Robert Knox in 1681.	An Historical Relation of the Island Ceylon	Robert Knox
author	The History of the Standard Oil Company is a book by journalist Ida Tarbell in 1904.	The History of the Standard Oil Company	Ida Tarbell
author	Short Letter, Long Farewell (German: Der kurze Brief zum langen Abschied) is a 1972 novel by the Austrian writer Peter Handke.	Short Letter, Long Farewell	Peter Handke
author	``'Oh, Whistle, and I'll Come to You, My Lad''' is the sixth story in the first collection of ghost stories published by M. R. James, Ghost Stories of an Antiquary.	'Oh, Whistle, and I'll Come to You, My Lad'	M. R. James
author	A Terrible Revenge, subtitled The Ethnic Cleansing of the East European Germans, 1944--1950 is a book written by Cuban-born American lawyer Alfred-Maurice de Zayas, former research fellow at MPG in Heidelberg, Germany.	A Terrible Revenge	Alfred-Maurice de Zayas
author	Tarzan the Untamed is a book written by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the seventh in his series of books about the title character Tarzan.	Tarzan the Untamed	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	``The Ice Palace'' is a modernist short story written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and published in The Saturday Evening Post, 22 May 1920.	The Ice Palace	F. Scott Fitzgerald
author	The Lamplighter is a sentimental novel written by Maria Susanna Cummins and published in 1854, and a best-selling novel of its era.	The Lamplighter	Maria Susanna Cummins
author	The Via Veneto Papers is a memoir collection by Ennio Flaiano, originally published in Italian in 1973, with a new expanded edition by Rizzoli in 1989 and translated into English by John Satriano in 1992.	The Via Veneto Papers	Ennio Flaiano
author	Maiwa's Revenge, or The War of the Little Hand is a short novel by H. Rider Haggard about the hunter Allan Quartermain.	Maiwa's Revenge	H. Rider Haggard
author	Ronia the Robber's Daughter (Swedish: Ronja Rövardotter) is a children's fantasy book by the noted Swedish author Astrid Lindgren, first published in 1981.	Ronia the Robber's Daughter	Astrid Lindgren
author	Real Men Don't Eat Quiche, by American Bruce Feirstein, is a bestselling tongue-in-cheek book satirizing stereotypes of masculinity, published in 1982 (ISBN 0-671-44831-5).	Real Men Don't Eat Quiche	Bruce Feirstein
author	Yerma (English: Barren) is a play by the Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca.	Yerma	Federico García Lorca
author	Aspects of the Novel is a book compiled from a series of lectures delivered by E. M. Forster at Trinity College, Cambridge in 1927, in which he discussed the English language novel.	Aspects of the Novel	E. M. Forster
author	Vietnam Inc. is a photographic book produced by Philip Jones Griffiths and published in 1971 by Collier Books in New York, in both hard and soft back.	Vietnam Inc.	Philip Jones Griffiths
author	What Is History? is a study of historiography that was written by the English historian E. H. Carr.	What Is History?	E. H. Carr
author	A Confusion of Princes is a young adult novel written as a standalone space opera by author Garth Nix.	A Confusion of Princes	Garth Nix
author	The Marvellous Land of Snergs is a children's fantasy, written by Edward Wyke Smith and published in 1927.	The Marvellous Land of Snergs	Edward Wyke Smith
author	Enemies and Allies was published in October 2001, and was designed by Bruce R. Cordell, Jeff Grubb, David Noonan, and Skip Williams.	Enemies and Allies	Jeff Grubb	David Noonan	Skip Williams
author	The Time Hoppers is a science fiction novel by American writer Robert Silverberg, first published by Doubleday in 1967.	The Time Hoppers	Robert Silverberg
author	The Imam's Army (Turkish: İmamın Ordusu) is a book by Turkish journalist Ahmet Şık on the life and work of Fethullah Gülen and his Gülen movement.	The Imam's Army	Ahmet Şık
author	Between the Spark and the Burn is a young adult Gothic / horror novel written by April Genevieve Tucholke and published on August 14, 2014 by Dial Books for Young Readers, an imprint of Penguin Books.	Between the Spark and the Burn	April Genevieve Tucholke
author	The Muses Are Heard is an early journalistic work of Truman Capote.	The Muses Are Heard	Truman Capote
author	The Chess Master, or 棋王 (qíwáng), is a 1984 novel by Chinese writer Zhong Acheng, writing under his pseudonym A Cheng.	The Chess Master	Zhong Acheng
author	The Ambler Warning is a Robert Ludlum spy thriller set in part on Parrish Island, a restricted island off the coast of Virginia.	The Ambler Warning	Robert Ludlum
author	What's Bred in the Bone is the second novel in the Canadian writer Robertson Davies' Cornish Trilogy.	What's Bred in the Bone	Robertson Davies
author	Kellory the Warlock is a fix-up fantasy novel written by Lin Carter, the third book of the Chronicles of Kylix series.	Kellory the Warlock	Lin Carter
author	Tailchaser's Song is a fantasy novel by Tad Williams about a personified cat named Fritti Tailchaser.	Tailchaser's Song	Tad Williams
author	Fine Things is a romance novel by Danielle Steel.	Fine Things	Danielle Steel
author	Transparent Stained-Glass Windows (Prozrachnye Vitrazhi, Прозрачные Витражи (Russian)) is the third novel in the Labyrinth trilogy of cyberpunk novels written by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukyanenko.	Transparent Stained-Glass Windows	Sergey Lukyanenko
author	The Ivory Tower is an unfinished novel by Henry James, posthumously published in 1917.	The Ivory Tower	Henry James
author	The Extremes is a 1998 science fiction novel by the English writer Christopher Priest.	The Extremes	Christopher Priest
author	``The Garden of Forking Paths'' (original Spanish title: ``El jardín de senderos que se bifurcan'') is a 1941 short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges.	The Garden of Forking Paths	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Judge and Jury is a popular novel written by thriller novel writer James Patterson with Andrew Gross.	Judge and Jury	James Patterson
author	The Heart of a Woman (1981) is an autobiography by American writer Maya Angelou.	The Heart of a Woman	Maya Angelou
author	Original Rude Boy (2009) is the autobiography of Neville Staple, vocalist in ska band The Specials.	Original Rude Boy	Neville Staple
author	Red Rising is a 2014 science fiction novel by American author Pierce Brown, the first of his forthcoming Red Rising trilogy.	Red Rising	Pierce Brown
author	Clochemerle is a 1934 French satirical novel by Gabriel Chevallier.	Clochemerle	Gabriel Chevallier
author	One Day in My Life is an autobiographical novel written by Bobby Sands while serving a fourteen-year sentence at Long Kesh, for possession of a gun as a member of the Irish Republican Army.	One Day in My Life	Bobby Sands
author	Flow Chart is a long poem by the American writer John Ashbery, published in its own volume in 1991.	Flow Chart	John Ashbery
author	The Bovo-Bukh (``Bovo book''; also known as Baba Buch, etc.; Yiddish: בָּבָא-בּוּך, בּוֹבוֹ-בּוּך), written in 1507--1508 by Elia Levita, was the most popular chivalric romance in the Yiddish language.	Bovo-Bukh	Elia Levita
author	The Land I Lost is an autobiographical book that centers on the life of the author, Quang Nhuong Huynh.	The Land I Lost	Quang Nhuong Huynh
author	Among the Hidden is a 1998 young adult novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix concerning a fictional future in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation.	Among the Hidden	Margaret Peterson Haddix
author	``Aye, and Gomorrah...'' is a famous science fiction short story by Samuel R. Delany.	Aye, and Gomorrah	Samuel R. Delany
author	Burning Daylight is a novel by Jack London, published in 1910, which was one of the best-selling books of that year and it was London's best-selling book in his lifetime.	Burning Daylight	Jack London
author	De puinhopen van acht jaar Paars (Dutch: (də ˈpœynoːpən vAn Aɣt jaːr ˈpaːrs), English: The Wreckage of Eight Purple Years) is a political non-fiction book released by the Dutch political commentator and aspiring lawmaker Pim Fortuyn in 2002; two months prior to his assassination.	De puinhopen van acht jaar Paars	Pim Fortuyn
author	Les Royaumes de Borée (``the realms of Boreas'') is a 2003 novel by the French writer Jean Raspail.	Les Royaumes de Borée	Jean Raspail
author	The Fatal Strand is the third and final novel in the Tales from the Wyrd Museum series by Robin Jarvis.	The Fatal Strand	Robin Jarvis
author	Rat Catching (ISBN 0962299707) is a book by actor and filmmaker Crispin Glover.	Rat Catching	Crispin Glover
author	Woods Runner is a 2010 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen that takes place during the year 1776.	Woods Runner	Gary Paulsen
author	Anna Lombard is a New Woman novel by Annie Sophie Cory writing as Victoria Cross.	Anna Lombard	Annie Sophie Cory
author	Rumpole and the Penge Bungalow Murders is a 2004 novel by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole.	Rumpole and the Penge Bungalow Murders	John Mortimer
author	Arsena of Marabda (Georgian: არსენა მარაბდელი; Arsena Marabdeli) is a novel by Georgian novelist Mikheil Javakhishvili.	Arsena of Marabda	Mikheil Javakhishvili
author	A Floating City (French: Une ville flottante) is an adventure novel by French writer Jules Verne first published in 1871.	A Floating City	Jules Verne
author	The Old Patagonian Express (1979) is a written account of a journey taken by novelist Paul Theroux.	The Old Patagonian Express	Paul Theroux
author	Roger Fishbite is a novel by the American writer and journalist Emily Prager, which was published in 1999.	Roger Fishbite	Emily Prager
author	The Egyptian (Sinuhe egyptiläinen, Sinuhe the Egyptian) is a historical novel by Mika Waltari.	The Egyptian	Mika Waltari
author	The Pickup is a 2001 novel by South African writer Nadine Gordimer.	The Pickup	Nadine Gordimer
author	The Book of Mercy is the debut novel of the American writer Kathleen Cambor.	The Book of Mercy	Kathleen Cambor
author	The Novísimos - translated as the ``Newest Ones'' - were a poetic group in Spain who took their name from an anthology in which the Catalan critic Josep Maria Castellet gathered the work of the majority of the youngest and most experimental poets in the decade of the 1970s:	Novísimos	Josep Maria Castellet
author	Your Turn to Curtsy, My Turn to Bow is a 1958 novel from William Goldman.	Your Turn to Curtsy, My Turn to Bow	William Goldman
author	The Glass Palace is a 2000 historical novel by Indian writer Amitav Ghosh.	The Glass Palace	Amitav Ghosh
author	The Romance of the Forest is a Gothic novel by Ann Radcliffe that was first published in 1791.	The Romance of the Forest	Ann Radcliffe
author	The Grapes of Wrath is an American realist novel written by John Steinbeck and published in 1939.	The Grapes of Wrath	John Steinbeck
author	A Wind in the Door is a young adult science fantasy novel by Madeleine L'Engle.	A Wind in the Door	Madeleine L'Engle
author	Play Strindberg is a comedy play by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt, written in 1968 and published in 1969.	Play Strindberg	Friedrich Dürrenmatt
author	The Steel Remains (2008) is a fantasy novel by Richard K. Morgan.	The Steel Remains	Richard K. Morgan
author	Ghostopolis is a graphic novel, written and penciled by Doug TenNapel, colored by Ethan Nicolle and published by GRAPHIX, a Scholastic Inc. imprint.	Ghostopolis	Doug TenNapel
author	Growth Fetish is a book about economics and politics by the Australian liberal political theorist Clive Hamilton.	Growth Fetish	Clive Hamilton
author	Lloyd Llewellyn (sometimes abbreviated LLLL) is a comic book by Daniel Clowes.	Lloyd Llewellyn	Daniel Clowes
author	Anna, I, Anna (Danish: Anna, jeg, Anna) is a 1970 novel by Danish author Klaus Rifbjerg.	Anna, I, Anna	Klaus Rifbjerg
author	Big Mouth & Ugly Girl is Joyce Carol Oates's first young adult novel.	Big Mouth & Ugly Girl	Joyce Carol Oates
author	The Etched City is the first novel (and the only one published to date) of the Australian science-fiction writer K. J. Bishop.	The Etched City	K. J. Bishop
author	The Meme Machine (2000) is a popular science book by psychologist Susan Blackmore on the subject of memes.	The Meme Machine	Susan Blackmore
author	Break of Day (French: La Naissance du jour) is a 1928 novel by the French writer Colette.	Break of Day	Colette
author	Chicka, Chicka, 1, 2, 3 is a New York Times best-selling children's book written by Bill Martin, Jr. and Michael Sampson.	Chicka, Chicka, 1, 2, 3	Bill Martin, Jr.
author	The Mortal Instruments is a series of six young adult fantasy novels written by Cassandra Clare, the last of which was published May 27, 2014.	The Mortal Instruments	Cassandra Clare
author	Whispers of Betrayal is a 2000 novel by Michael Dobbs that tells the third story in the Tom Goodfellowe series.	Whispers of Betrayal	Michael Dobbs
author	The City Madam is a Caroline era comedy written by Philip Massinger.	The City Madam	Philip Massinger
author	McAuslan in the Rough is the second collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser featuring a young Scottish officer named Dand MacNeill.	McAuslan in the Rough	George MacDonald Fraser
author	Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque is a collection of previously published short stories by Edgar Allan Poe, first published in 1840.	Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque	Edgar Allan Poe
author	The Melian Dialogue is a dramatic set-piece debate inserted by the ancient Greek historian Thucydides in his History of the Peloponnesian War concerning the invasion of the island of Melos by Athens in 416 BC. It dramatizes the negotiations between the emissaries of the Athenian invaders and the rulers of Melos.	Melian Dialogue	Thucydides
author	Se spominjaš Afrike? (Do You Remember Africa?) is a novel by Slovenian author Zdenka Žebre.	Se spominjaš Afrike?	Zdenka Žebre
author	Making Globalization Work is a book written by Nobel Prize laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz, who also wrote Globalization and Its Discontents and several other books.	Making Globalization Work	Joseph E. Stiglitz
author	Stray Toasters is a four-issue comic book mini-series created, written and illustrated by Bill Sienkiewicz and published by Marvel Comics's imprint Epic Comics in 1988.	Stray Toasters	Bill Sienkiewicz
author	Peer Gynt (/ˈpɪər ˈɡɪnt/; Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈpæːr ˈjʏnt)) is a five-act play in verse by the Norwegian dramatist Henrik Ibsen.	Peer Gynt	Henrik Ibsen
author	Green Henry (German: Der grüne Heinrich) is a partially autobiographical novel by the Swiss author Gottfried Keller, first published in 1855, and extensively revised in 1879.	Green Henry	Gottfried Keller
author	The Type One Super Robot is a 1986 children's book written and illustrated by Alison Prince.	The Type One Super Robot	Alison Prince
author	The Golden Branch is a French literary fairy tale written by Madame d'Aulnoy.	The Golden Branch	Madame d'Aulnoy
author	The Bernese Chronicle was composed in 1430 by Conrad Justinger from Bern.	Bernese Chronicle	Conrad Justinger
author	Arrival and Departure (1943) is the third novel of Arthur Koestler's trilogy concerning the conflict between morality and expediency (as described in the postscript to the novel's 1966 Danube Edition).	Arrival and Departure	Arthur Koestler
author	The Culture of Collaboration is a business book by Evan Rosen.	The Culture of Collaboration	Evan Rosen
author	What the Night Knows is a 2010 novel by bestselling author Dean Koontz.	What the Night Knows	Dean Koontz
author	What Bumosaur Is That? is a children's book written by Andy Griffiths in 2007 as a companion to Bumageddon, describing many of the fictional prehistoric species mentioned in Bumageddon:	What Bumosaur Is That?	Andy Griffiths
author	The Eagle's Prey is the fifth book in the Eagle Series, by Simon Scarrow.	The Eagle's Prey	Simon Scarrow
author	Les Mains d'Orlac (English: The Hands of Orlac) is a fantasy novel by the French writer Maurice Renard, first published in 1920.	Les Mains d'Orlac	Maurice Renard
author	Written by Barbara Emberley, it tells a cumulative tale of seven soldiers who build a cannon named the ``Sultan'', and Drummer Hoff, who fires it off, with the book exploding into a blast of colors.	Drummer Hoff	Barbara Emberley
author	Princess Maleine (French: La Princesse Maleine) is a play by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck.	Princess Maleine	Maurice Maeterlinck
author	Wittgenstein's Mistress by David Markson is a highly stylized, experimental novel in the tradition of Samuel Beckett.	Wittgenstein's Mistress	David Markson
author	The Taking of Lungtungpen is a short story by Rudyard Kipling which was first published in the Civil and Military Gazette on 11 April 1887.	The Taking of Lungtungpen	Rudyard Kipling
author	The Ratzinger Report (Italian: Rapporto Sulla Fede) is a 1985 book consisting of a series of interviews collected over several days given by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger to the Italian journalist Vittorio Messori.	The Ratzinger Report	Vittorio Messori
author	Alyzon Whitestarr is a 2005 young-adult novel by Isobelle Carmody.	Alyzon Whitestarr	Isobelle Carmody
author	Guardians of the Lost Library is a comic book story made by Don Rosa for The Walt Disney Company, mentioned by Comics Buyer's Guide as ``possibly the greatest comic book story of all time''.	Guardians of the Lost Library	Don Rosa
author	The Home; or, Family Cares and Family Joys (Swedish: Hemmet, eller familjesorger och fröjder) is a 1839 Swedish novel written by Fredrika Bremer.	The Home; or, Family Cares and Family Joys	Fredrika Bremer
author	The Posterior Analytics (Greek: Ἀναλυτικὰ Ὕστερα; Latin: Analytica Posteriora) is a text from Aristotle's Organon that deals with demonstration, definition, and scientific knowledge.	Posterior Analytics	Aristotle
author	The Diamond of Drury Lane is a children's historical novel by Julia Golding which won the Nestle Children's Book Prize Gold Award in 2006.	The Diamond of Drury Lane	Julia Golding
author	The Mind and Society (1916) is the English title of the seminal Italian sociological work Trattato di Sociologia Generale by sociologist and economist Vilfredo Pareto (1848-1923).	The Mind and Society	Vilfredo Pareto
author	Character Analysis (German: Charakteranalyse) is a 1933 book by Wilhelm Reich.	Character Analysis	Wilhelm Reich
author	Gaming Instinct (German: Spieltrieb) is a 2004 novel by the German writer Juli Zeh.	Gaming Instinct	Juli Zeh
author	God and the State is the best-known literary work of the Russian anarchist Mikhail Bakunin.	God and the State	Mikhail Bakunin
author	Veiled Alliance was designed by Allen Varney, and Doug Stewart was the editor.	Veiled Alliance	Allen Varney
author	The Carpathian Castle (French: Le Château des Carpathes) is a novel by Jules Verne first published in 1893.	The Carpathian Castle	Jules Verne
author	Angry River is a 1972 children's novel by Indian author Ruskin Bond, illustrated by Trevor Stubley.	Angry River	Ruskin Bond
author	Winterreise (Winter Journey) is a song cycle for voice and piano by Franz Schubert (D. 911, published as Op. 89 in 1828), a setting of 24 poems by Wilhelm Müller.	Winterreise	Wilhelm Müller
author	Casanova's Chinese Restaurant is a novel by Anthony Powell (ISBN 0-09-947244-9).	Casanova's Chinese Restaurant	Anthony Powell
author	Report from Practically Nowhere is a 1959 humorous travelogue by American journalist John Sack, illustrated by Shel Silverstein.	Report from Practically Nowhere	John Sack
author	Quantum Reality is a 1985 popular science book by physicist Nick Herbert, a member the Fundamental Fysiks Group.	Quantum Reality	Nick Herbert
author	Any God Will Do, first published by Random House in 1966, is the sixth book by the American satirist and political novelist Richard Condon.	Any God Will Do	Richard Condon
author	``Heart Half Empty'' is a song written by Gary Burr and Desmond Child, and recorded by American country music artists Ty Herndon and Stephanie Bentley as a duet.	Heart Half Empty	Gary Burr	Desmond Child
author	Le Retour was a 1964 novel by Michel Droit, published by Éditions Julliard and winning the Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française for 1964.	Le Retour	Michel Droit
author	Mexican WhiteBoy is a 2008 novel by Matt de la Peña.	Mexican WhiteBoy	Matt de la Peña
author	The Lottery Rose is a 1976 young adult novel by Newbery-winning author Irene Hunt.	The Lottery Rose	Irene Hunt
author	Pseudodoxia Epidemica or Enquiries into very many received tenets and commonly presumed truths, also known simply as Pseudodoxia Epidemica or Vulgar Errors, is a work by Thomas Browne challenging and refuting the 'vulgar' or common errors and superstitions of his age.	Pseudodoxia Epidemica	Thomas Browne
author	Zeus and the Tortoise appears among Aesop's Fables and explains how the tortoise got her shell.	Zeus and the Tortoise	Aesop
author	Ensel and Krete is the second novel of the Zamonia series written and illustrated by German author Walter Moers.	Ensel and Krete	Walter Moers
author	Den Danske Vitruvius I-II (English: The Danish Vitruvius I-II) is a richly illustrated 18th-century architectural work on Danish monumental buildings of the period, written by the Danish Baroque architect Lauritz de Thurah.	Den Danske Vitruvius	Lauritz de Thurah
author	En la ardiente oscuridad (In the Burning Darkness) is a play by Antonio Buero Vallejo, written in 1947, which made its debut in The Teatro María Guerrero in Madrid on 1 December 1950.	En la ardiente oscuridad	Antonio Buero Vallejo
author	El estrangulador (English, The Strangler) is a 1994 novel by Manuel Vázquez Montalbán.	El estrangulador	Manuel Vázquez Montalbán
author	Donkeys' Years is a play by English playwright Michael Frayn that premiered at the Globe Theatre, London, in 1976.	Donkeys' Years	Michael Frayn
author	An American Plague is a 2003 non-fiction adolescent history by author Jim Murphy published by Clarion Books.	An American Plague	Jim Murphy
author	Flags in the Dust is a novel by the American author William Faulkner, completed in 1927.	Flags in the Dust	William Faulkner
author	Sunday Simmons & Charlie Brick was the third novel from English novelist Jackie Collins, published in 1971 by W.H. Allen, it was retitled The Hollywood Zoo in 1975 and then as Sinners in 1984.	Sunday Simmons & Charlie Brick	Jackie Collins
author	And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks is a novel by Jack Kerouac and William S. Burroughs.	And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks	Jack Kerouac	William S. Burroughs
author	The Wife of Bath's Tale (Middle English: the Tale of the Wyf of Bathe) is among the best-known of Geoffrey Chaucer's Canterbury Tales.	The Wife of Bath's Tale	Geoffrey Chaucer
author	Night of January 16th is a theatrical play, inspired by the death of the ``Match King'', Ivar Kreuger, written by Ayn Rand.	Night of January 16th	Ayn Rand
author	Sounds Like London: 100 Years of Black Music in the Capital is a 2013 book by British music journalist and author Lloyd Bradley.	Sounds Like London	Lloyd Bradley
author	Toby Alone, originally published as La Vie suspendue, or A Life Suspended, is a children's novel by French author Timothée de Fombelle.	Toby Alone	Timothée de Fombelle
author	For the Megalopolitans (Ancient Greek: Ὑπὲρ τῶν Μεγαλοπολιτῶν) was one of the first political orations of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes.	For the Megalopolitans	Demosthenes
author	The Disowned Self is a book written by Nathaniel Branden in 1971 and published in 1972.	The Disowned Self	Nathaniel Branden
author	The French Suicide (Le Suicide français) is a 2014 French nonfiction book by Éric Zemmour.	The French Suicide	Éric Zemmour
author	Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less was Jeffrey Archer's first novel, first published in 1976.	Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less	Jeffrey Archer
author	The Infatuations (Spanish: Los enamoramientos) is a National Novel Prize-winning novel by Javier Marías.	The Infatuations	Javier Marías
author	Strange Interlude is an experimental play by American playwright Eugene O'Neill.	Strange Interlude	Eugene O'Neill
author	The Other Log of Phileas Fogg is a science fiction/steampunk parallel history novel written by American author Philip José Farmer in 1973.	The Other Log of Phileas Fogg	Philip José Farmer
author	La Peau de chagrin (French pronunciation: ​(la po də ʃaɡʁɛ̃), The Magic Skin or The Wild Ass's Skin) is an 1831 novel by French novelist and playwright Honoré de Balzac (1799--1850).	La Peau de chagrin	Honoré de Balzac
author	Mein Kampf (pronounced (maɪ̯n kampf), ``My Struggle'') is an autobiography by the National Socialist leader Adolf Hitler, in which he outlines his political ideology and future plans for Germany.	Mein Kampf	Adolf Hitler
author	Alcine (English: Alcina) is an opera by the French composer André Campra.	Alcine	André Campra
author	The Concerns of a Citizen is a book written by the Governor of Michigan, George W. Romney, and published during his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination in January 1968.	The Concerns of a Citizen	George W. Romney
author	The Golden Oecumene is a science fiction trilogy by the American writer John C. Wright.	The Golden Oecumene	John C. Wright
author	The Year of Living Dangerously is a 1978 novel by Christopher Koch in which a male Australian journalist, a female British diplomat, and a Chinese-Australian male dwarf interact in Indonesia in the summer and autumn of 1965.	The Year of Living Dangerously	Christopher Koch
author	The Witching is a comic book series written by Jonathan Vankin and Leigh Gallagher, with Tara McPherson creating the cover art. This comic was published in the United States by the DC Comics imprint Vertigo.	The Witching	Jonathan Vankin
author	The Horror in the Museum and Other Revisions is a collection of stories revised or ghostwritten by American author H. P. Lovecraft.	The Horror in the Museum and Other Revisions	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Focus of Life, The Mutterings of AOS is a comprehensive treatise written and illustrated by Austin Osman Spare on key occult concepts he introduced in his previous writings.	The Focus of Life	Austin Osman Spare
author	Hector and the Search for Happiness (French: Le Voyage d'Hector ou la Recherche du bonheur) is a novel by French writer François Lelord written in 2002 and translated into English in 2010.	Hector and the Search for Happiness	François Lelord
author	Country of My Skull is a 1998 nonfiction book by Antjie Krog primarily about the findings of the South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC).	Country of My Skull	Antjie Krog
author	Girl, Interrupted is a best-selling 1993 memoir by American author Susanna Kaysen, relating her experiences as a young woman in a psychiatric hospital in the 1960s after being diagnosed with borderline personality disorder.	Girl, Interrupted	Susanna Kaysen
author	Warm Bodies is a novel by author Isaac Marion.	Warm Bodies	Isaac Marion
author	Dream Park is a 1981 novel written by Larry Niven and Steven Barnes set in a futuristic amusement park of the same name.	Dream Park	Larry Niven	Steven Barnes
author	Battle Circle is a trilogy of science fiction novels by Piers Anthony.	Battle Circle	Piers Anthony
author	``The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County'' is an 1865 short story by Mark Twain.	The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County	Mark Twain
author	Ruhnama (The Book of the Soul) is a book written by Saparmurat Niyazov, who was President of Turkmenistan from 1990 to 2006, combining spiritual/moral guidance, autobiography and revisionist history; much of it is of dubious or disputed factuality and accuracy.	Ruhnama	Saparmurat Niyazov
author	The Cat and the King (1981) is a work of historical fiction about the court of French King Louis XIV (1638--1715) by novelist Louis Auchincloss.	The Cat and the King	Louis Auchincloss
author	Traité de l'harmonie réduite à ses principes naturels (Treatise on Harmony reduced to its natural principles) is a music treatise written by Jean-Philippe Rameau.	Traité de l'harmonie réduite à ses principes naturels	Jean-Philippe Rameau
author	Gilligan's Last Elephant is a novel written by Gerald Hanley and first published in 1962 by Collins.	Gilligan's Last Elephant	Gerald Hanley
author	The Goon is a comic book series written and drawn by Eric Powell (with colors often by Dave Stewart, Eric or Eric's brother, Robin).	The Goon	Eric Powell
author	Although Saplings (1945) is generally regarded as one of Noel Streatfeild's novels for adults, published under her pseudonym Susan Scarlett, it is at least partially told from the perspective of four children - Laurel, Tony, Tuesday, and Kim, as well as from the perspective of their mother, Lena.	Saplings	Noel Streatfeild
author	Underground to Palestine is a 1946 book by I. F. Stone.	Underground to Palestine	I. F. Stone
author	Calculating God is a 2000 science fiction novel by Robert J. Sawyer.	Calculating God	Robert J. Sawyer
author	Dragon Magic was written by Owen K.C. Stephens and Rodney Thompson, and was published in September 2006.	Dragon Magic	Owen K.C. Stephens	Rodney Thompson
author	The Lele of the Kasai (first published 1963) was the first book by the influential British anthropologist Mary Douglas under her married name (her Peoples of the Lake Nyasa Region appeared under her maiden name, Tew, in 1950).	The Lele of the Kasai	Mary Douglas
author	The Great Perhaps is the fifth novel by Joe Meno.	The Great Perhaps	Joe Meno
author	Shadow Falls is a series of fantasy-themed novels written by author C.C. Hunter.	Shadow Falls	C.C. Hunter
author	The Practice of Everyday Life is a book by Michel de Certeau which examines the ways in which people individualise mass culture, altering things, from utilitarian objects to street plans to rituals, laws and language, in order to make them their own.	The Practice of Everyday Life	Michel de Certeau
author	The Tokyo Zodiac Murders is the debut mystery novel of Soji Shimada, the musician and writer on astrology who is best known as an author of over 100 mystery novels.	The Tokyo Zodiac Murders	Soji Shimada
author	The Bunce is a novel written by Michael de Larrabeiti and published in the United Kingdom in 1980 by Michael Joseph.	The Bunce	Michael de Larrabeiti
author	Anarchist Manifesto (or The World's First Anarchist Manifesto) is a work by Anselme Bellegarrigue, notable for being the first manifesto of anarchism.	Anarchist Manifesto	Anselme Bellegarrigue
author	Expecting Someone Taller is the first humorous fantasy novel by popular British author Tom Holt.	Expecting Someone Taller	Tom Holt
author	Fish in the Dark is a play by Larry David that focuses on fifteen characters as they deal with a death in the family.	Fish in the Dark	Larry David
author	Kate Plus Ten is a 1917 British crime novel written by Edgar Wallace.	Kate Plus Ten	Edgar Wallace
author	Sheikh's Castaway is the eighth book in Alexandra Sellers's Sons of the Desert series, and was released in 2004.	Sheikh's Castaway	Alexandra Sellers
author	Sabrina Fair (subtitled ``A Woman of the World'') is a romantic comedy written by Samuel A. Taylor and produced by the Playwrights' Company.	Sabrina Fair	Samuel A. Taylor
author	Her Mother's Hope is a fictional romance novel written by Francine Rivers in 2010.	Her Mother's Hope	Francine Rivers
author	This Isn't What It Looks Like is a book by anonymous author Pseudonymous Bosch.	This Isn't What It Looks Like	Pseudonymous Bosch
author	Only You Can Save Mankind (1992) is the first novel in the Johnny Maxwell trilogy of children's books and fifth young adult novel by Terry Pratchett, author of the Discworld sequence of books.	Only You Can Save Mankind	Terry Pratchett
author	Masks of the Illuminati is a 1981 novel by Robert Anton Wilson, co-author of The Illuminatus!	Masks of the Illuminati	Robert Anton Wilson
author	Apocalypse Nerd is a six-issue comic book limited series created by Peter Bagge and published by Dark Horse Comics.	Apocalypse Nerd	Peter Bagge
author	The 1632 series, also known as the 1632-verse or Ring of Fire series, is an alternate history book series and sub-series created, primarily co-written, and coordinated by Eric Flint and published by Baen Books.	1632 series	Eric Flint
author	Thief of Time is the 26th Discworld novel written by Terry Pratchett, a 2002 Locus Award nominee.	Thief of Time	Terry Pratchett
author	``The Day After the Day the Martians Came'' is a short story by Frederik Pohl from Harlan Ellison's Dangerous Visions, which shows how humans can (and will) laugh at (and hate) any minority group.	The Day After the Day the Martians Came	Frederik Pohl
author	The Fate of the Children will be the final trilogy in Ian Irvine's The Three Worlds Cycle series of novels.	The Fate of the Children	Ian Irvine
author	Moxyland is a cyberpunk dystopian novel written by South African author, Lauren Beukes.	Moxyland	Lauren Beukes
author	The Well at the World's End is a fantasy novel by the British artist, poet, and author William Morris.	The Well at the World's End	William Morris
author	The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg is a children's historical novel by Rodman Philbrick, author of Freak the Mighty.	The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg	Rodman Philbrick
author	The Birchbark House is a 1999 indigenous juvenile realistic fiction novel by Louise Erdrich, and is the first book in a four book series known as The Birchbark series.	The Birchbark House	Louise Erdrich
author	This Sweet Sickness (1960) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith, about a man who is obsessed with a woman who has rejected his advances.	This Sweet Sickness	Patricia Highsmith
author	A Sensible Life (1990) is a novel written by British author Mary Wesley.	A Sensible Life	Mary Wesley
author	Seven Gothic Tales (translated by the author into Danish as: Syv Fantastiske Fortællinger) is a collection of short stories by the Danish author Karen Blixen (under the pen name Isak Dinesen), first published in 1934, three years before her popular memoir Out of Africa.	Seven Gothic Tales	Karen Blixen
author	Bird's Shadow is a collection of short stories by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin, based on memories and impressions of the vast tour over the Middle East he and wife Vera Muromtseva undertook in the 1900s.	Bird's Shadow	Ivan Bunin
author	The Power Elite is a 1956 book by sociologist C. Wright Mills.	The Power Elite	C. Wright Mills
author	Uncle Dynamite is a novel by P.G. Wodehouse, first published in the United Kingdom on 22 October 1948 by Herbert Jenkins, London and in the United States on 29 November 1948 by Didier & Co., New York.	Uncle Dynamite	P.G. Wodehouse
author	A portion of the Narn i Chîn Húrin or The Tale of the Children of Húrin is a part of the book Unfinished Tales by the English author J. R. R. Tolkien.	Narn i Chîn Húrin	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	De Bello Africo (also Bellum Africum; On the African War) is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar's commentaries, De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili, and its sequel by an unknown author De Bello Alexandrino.	De Bello Africo	Julius Caesar
author	Mr. Monk Goes to the Firehouse (2006) is a mystery novel by Lee Goldberg, based on the popular TV series Monk.	Mr. Monk Goes to the Firehouse	Lee Goldberg
author	The Life of John Sterling was a biography of the Scottish author John Sterling (1806-1844), written by his friend, the Scottish essayist and historian, Thomas Carlyle.	The Life of John Sterling	Thomas Carlyle
author	Pornografia is a 1960 novel by the Polish writer Witold Gombrowicz.	Pornografia	Witold Gombrowicz
author	``Micromégas'' is a 1752 short story by the French philosopher and satirist Voltaire.	Micromégas	Voltaire
author	A Handful of Friends is a 1976 play by David Williamson.	A Handful of Friends	David Williamson
author	Trouble on Tarragon Island is a children's novel by Nikki Tate, the third novel in the Tarragon Island series.	Trouble on Tarragon Island	Nikki Tate
author	Dragon Wing (1990) is the first novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman in their Death Gate Cycle series.	Dragon Wing	Margaret Weis	Tracy Hickman
author	The Deluge Drivers (1987) is a science fiction novel written by American author Alan Dean Foster.	The Deluge Drivers	Alan Dean Foster
author	New Writings in SF 23 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer, the second volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator, John Carnell.	New Writings in SF 23	Kenneth Bulmer
author	The Emperor of the Ancient Word and Other Fantastic Stories is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer.	The Emperor of the Ancient Word and Other Fantastic Stories	Darrell Schweitzer
author	The Land of Bad Fantasy is a children's fantasy novel written by K. J. Taylor which parodies the fantasy genre in general.	The Land of Bad Fantasy	K. J. Taylor
author	Genius Wars is the third book of Australian author Catherine Jinks' Evil Genius series, after Evil Genius and Genius Squad.	Genius Wars	Catherine Jinks
author	The Two Hearts of Kwasi Boachi (De zwarte met het witte hart) is the 1997 debut novel by Dutch author Arthur Japin.	The Two Hearts of Kwasi Boachi	Arthur Japin
author	Tokio ya no nos quiere (English: Tokyo Doesn't Love Us Anymore) is a novel published in 1999 by Spanish author Ray Loriga.	Tokio ya no nos quiere	Ray Loriga
author	My Life with Dalí is the title of an autobiography by a French singer Amanda Lear, first released in 1984, telling about her relationship with a Spanish surrealist painter Salvador Dalí.	My Life with Dalí	Amanda Lear
author	Sugar Blues is a book by William Dufty that was released in 1975 and has become a dietary classic.	Sugar Blues	William Dufty
author	Kill Your Boyfriend is the title of a comic book one-shot written by Grant Morrison and drawn by Philip Bond and D'Israeli for DC Comics Vertigo imprint in June 1995.	Kill Your Boyfriend	D'Israeli
author	'The Last of the Nuba' is the English-language title of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 1973 'Die Nuba', an illustrations book published a year later in the United States.	The Last of the Nuba	Leni Riefenstahl
author	De Providentia (``On Providence'') is a short essay in the form of a dialogue in six brief sections, written by the Latin philosopher Lucius Annaeus Seneca, ``Seneca the Younger'' (died AD 65) in the last years of his life.	De Providentia	Seneca
author	``Track 12'' is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard, it first appeared in the April 1958 edition of New Worlds (Volume 24, Number 70).	Track 12	J. G. Ballard
award received	Henry Rodenburg (c. 1851--13 December 1899) was a United States Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor.	Henry Rodenburg	Medal of Honor
cast member	The Rainbow Jacket is a 1954 British Ealing Studios drama film, produced by Michael Relph, directed by Basil Dearden, and featuring Robert Morley, Kay Walsh, Bill Owen, Honor Blackman and Sid James.	The Rainbow Jacket	Kay Walsh
child	He was survived by his wife, daughter Dorothy Walker Bush, grandchildren including George H.W. Bush, Ambassador to Hungary and Stifel Nicolas CEO George Herbert Walker III, William H. T. (Bucky) Bush, Nancy Ellis Bush, Ray Walker, Betty Walker Holden, and many great-grandchildren.	George Herbert Walker	Dorothy Walker Bush
child	Max Nordau was the father of painter Maxa Nordau (1897--1991).	Max Nordau	Maxa Nordau
child	By his wife, Bridget Cromwell, Ireton left one son, Henry Ireton (c.1652--1711), and four daughters, one of whom, Bridget Bendish (she married Thomas Bendish in 1670) is said to have compromised herself in the Rye House Plot of 1683, as did Henry.	Henry Ireton	Bridget Bendish
child	John Shakespeare (c. 1531 -- 7 September 1601) was the father of William Shakespeare.	John Shakespeare	William Shakespeare
child	Eva Renzi (3 November 1944 -- 16 August 2005) was a German actress and the mother of Anouschka Renzi.	Eva Renzi	Anouschka Renzi
child	Katharina Elisabeth Goethe, known as ``Frau Rat'' (19 February 1731 - 13 September 1808) was the mother of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.	Katharina Elisabeth Goethe	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
child	Maha Thiri Thudhamma Khin Kyi (1912-1988) (Burmese: ခင်ကြည်) was a Burmese politician and diplomat, best known for her marriage to the country's leader, Aung San, with whom she had a daughter, Aung San Suu Kyi.	Khin Kyi	Aung San Suu Kyi
child	After the death of Dhirubhai Ambani, the group was split into Reliance Industries Limited, headed by Mukesh Ambani, and Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (Reliance ADA Group), headed by Anil Ambani.	Dhirubhai Ambani	Anil Ambani
child	Ian Balding retired in 2002 and gave his Park House stables licence at Kingsclere, Berkshire, to his son Andrew. Balding was trainer of the winning horse, Mill Reef (1968--1986), ridden by Geoff Lewis, in the 1971 The Derby Stakes or Epsom Derby.	Ian Balding	Andrew. Balding
child	Lomond My Charmer's mating to Northern Dancer produced Lomond in 1980, the 1983 winner of the British Classic, the 2,000 Guineas.	My Charmer	Lomond
child	Odd Iversen is the father of Steffen Iversen.	Odd Iversen	Steffen Iversen
child	She was married to Chlothar II. Her origins are uncertain and unconfirmed; however, it is known that the Mayor of the Palace Erchinoald was King Dagobert I's cousin through his mother, making Bertrude the sister of Saint Gerberge and, therefore, a daughter of Richomer and Saint Gertrude of Hamage.	Bertrude	Dagobert I
child	Laufey or Nál is a figure from Norse mythology, the mother of Loki and consort of Fárbauti.	Laufey	Loki
child	Eustathius and Sosipatra had three sons, one of whom, Antoninus, became a significant philosopher and theurgist in his own right.	Sosipatra	Antoninus
child	Mary Shakespeare, née Arden, (c. 1537--1608) was the mother of William Shakespeare.	Mary Shakespeare	William Shakespeare
child	Theodemir was king of the Ostrogoths of the Amal Dynasty, and father of Theoderic the Great.	Theodemir	Theoderic the Great
child	When it was time for him to choose an heir, the Yongle Emperor wanted to choose his second son, Zhu Gaoxu.	Yongle Emperor	Zhu Gaoxu
child	On August 21, 1999, Bai Yun gave birth to her first cub, Hua Mei, who is also the first giant panda born in the United States to survive to adulthood.	Bai Yun	Hua Mei
child	In the Book of Exodus, Amram (/ˈæmræm/ ; Hebrew: עַמְרָם, Modern Amram, Tiberian ʻAmrām ; ``Friend of the most high'' / ``The people are exalted'') is the husband of Jochebed and father of Aaron, Moses and Miriam.	Amram	Aaron	Moses	Miriam
child	Alluwamna was a son-in-law of Telipinu, because he married Princess Harapšeki, and Telipinu was her father.	Telipinu	Alluwamna
child	Princess Muna al-Hussein (born Antoinette Avril Gardiner; 25 April 1941) is the mother of King Abdullah II of Jordan.	Princess Muna al-Hussein	Abdullah II of Jordan
child	Louis Witten (born April 13, 1921) is an American theoretical physicist and the father of Edward Witten.	Louis Witten	Edward Witten
child	Amoz (Hebrew: אָמוֹץ , Modern Amots, Tiberian ʼĀmôṣ ; ``strong''; /ˈeɪmɒz/) was the father of the prophet Isaiah, mentioned in Isaiah 1:1 and 2:1, and in II Kings 19:2, 20; 20:1.	Amoz	Isaiah
child	The Qianlong Emperor adopted a niece, Heshuo Princess Hewan (和碩和婉公主; 24 July 1734 -- 2 May 1760).	Qianlong Emperor	Heshuo Princess Hewan
child	Perictione (Greek: Περικτιόνη, Periktione; fl. 5th century BC) was the mother of the Greek philosopher Plato.	Perictione	Plato
child	At the same time, Miran Shah supported another son, Khalil Sultan, in his claims to the throne.	Miran Shah	Khalil Sultan
child	Jack Eagle's son is sportscaster Ian Eagle.	Jack Eagle	Ian Eagle
child	Jessie Harlan Lincoln (November 6, 1875 -- January 4, 1948) was the second daughter of Robert Todd Lincoln, the granddaughter of Abraham Lincoln, and the mother of Mary Lincoln Beckwith and Robert Todd Lincoln Beckwith, the last undisputed Lincoln descendant.	Jessie Harlan Lincoln	Mary Lincoln Beckwith	Robert Todd Lincoln Beckwith
child	Bold Ruler was the sire of two good sons with the same name, one in America, Bold Lad, who was the 1966 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt and one in England, Bold Lad II, who was bred and raced by Gladys Phipps' sister, Beatrice.	Bold Ruler	Bold Lad
conflict	Lieutenant Leonard Monteagle Barlow MC & Two Bars (5 June 1898 -- 5 February 1918) was a British World War I flying ace.	Leonard Monteagle Barlow	World War I
constellation	HD 151566 is double star in the southern constellation of Ara.	HD 151566	Ara
constellation	NGC 4490, also known as the Cocoon Galaxy, is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Canes Venatici.	NGC 4490	Canes Venatici
constellation	HD 126614 Ab, or simply HD 126614 b, (also known as HIP 70623 b) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the primary K-type star HD 126614 A, located approximately 240 light years away in the constellation Virgo.	HD 126614 Ab	Virgo
constellation	20 Leonis Minoris is a binary star system in the constellation Leo Minor.	20 Leonis Minoris	Leo Minor
constellation	Theta Coronae Australis (θ CrA), is a star located in the constellation Corona Australis.	Theta Coronae Australis	Corona Australis
constellation	HIP 70849 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K-type main sequence star HIP 70849, located approximately 78 light years away in the constellation Lupus.	HIP 70849 b	Lupus
constellation	HD 116243, also known by the Bayer designation m Centauri (m Cen), is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 116243	Centaurus
constellation	HD 149382 is a star in the constellation of Ophiuchus with an apparent visual magnitude of 8.943.	HD 149382	Ophiuchus
constellation	39 Cancri (39 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	39 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	17 Monocerotis (17 Mon) is a star in the constellation Monoceros.	17 Monocerotis	Monoceros
constellation	NGC 4309 is a lenticular galaxy that is located in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 4309	Virgo
constellation	Lynds 1616 is located in the constellation Orion, at RA 05h 06m 54.0s and Dec: −03° 21' 00`` (Epoch 2000).	Lynds 1616	Orion
constellation	HD 90156 is a 7th magnitude G-type main sequence star located approximately 73 light years away in the constellation Hydra.	HD 90156	Hydra
constellation	HD 6718 b (also known as HIP 5301 b) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type main sequence star HD 6718, located approximately 179 light years away in the constellation Cetus.	HD 6718 b	Cetus
constellation	GSC 02652-01324 is an orange dwarf main sequence star approximately 512 light-years away in the constellation of Lyra (the Lyre).	GSC 02652-01324	Lyra
constellation	32 Pegasi (32 Peg) is a star in the constellation Pegasus.	32 Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	Psi Cygni is a star in the constellation called Cygnus.	Psi Cygni	Cygnus
constellation	NGC 7243, also Caldwell 16, is an open cluster and Caldwell object in the constellation Lacerta.	NGC 7243	Lacerta
constellation	Iota Aquarii (ι Aqr, ι Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	Iota Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	NGC 125 (also known as PGC 1772) is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Pisces.	NGC 125	Pisces
constellation	The protecting Mother Camels (Arabic al'awa'id العوائذ) is the name given by ancient Arabic nomadic tribes to an asterism in the constellation of Draco.	Mother Camels	Draco
constellation	HD 78004 (c Vel, c Velorum) is a star in the constellation Vela.	HD 78004	Vela
constellation	Delta Scuti (δ Sct, δ Scuti) is a giant star in the southern constellation Scutum.	Delta Scuti	Scutum
constellation	Messier 71 (also known as M71 or NGC 6838) is a globular cluster in the constellation Sagitta.	Messier 71	Sagitta
constellation	Theta Piscium (Theta Psc, θ Piscium, θ Psc) is a star approximately 159 light years away from Earth in the constellation Pisces.	Theta Piscium	Pisces
constellation	Omega Lupi (ω Lup) is a star in the constellation Lupus.	Omega Lupi	Lupus
constellation	Gliese 521 is a red dwarf star in the constellation of Canes Venatici, located roughly 43 light years from the Sun. The star is suspected to host a substellar companion yet unconfirmed.	Gliese 521	Canes Venatici
constellation	ESO 510-G13 is a spiral galaxy approximately 150 million light-years away in the constellation Hydra.	ESO 510-G13	Hydra
constellation	88 Aquarii (abbreviated 88 Aqr) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	88 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	HD 47186 is a star located approximately 129 light-years away in the constellation of Canis Major.	HD 47186	Canis Major
constellation	9 Pegasi (9 Peg) is a star in the constellation Pegasus.	9 Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	HD 32518 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K-type giant star HD 32518, located approximately 383 light years away in the constellation Camelopardalis.	HD 32518 b	Camelopardalis
constellation	NGC 1032 is a spiral galaxy that is about 117 million light-years away in the constellation Cetus.	NGC 1032	Cetus
constellation	WZ Cephei is an eclipsing binary star of W Ursae Majoris-type in the constellation of Cepheus, located 880 light years away from the Sun. The stars orbit around a common orbital barycenter every 0.41744 days (slightly over 10 hours).	WZ Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	Gliese 674 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 15 light years away in the constellation of Ara.	Gliese 674 b	Ara
constellation	XO-2Nb (or rarely XO-2Bb) is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star XO-2N, the fainter component of XO-2 wide binary star in the constellation Lynx.	XO-2Nb	Lynx
constellation	11 Leonis Minoris (11 LMi) is a star system located 37 light years away from Earth, in the northern constellation of Leo Minor.	11 Leonis Minoris	Leo Minor
constellation	HD 91324 is a binary F9V star in the constellation Vela.	HD 91324	Vela
constellation	PSR B0329+54 is a pulsar approximately 3,460 light-years away in the constellation of Camelopardalis.	PSR B0329+54	Camelopardalis
constellation	NGC 6822 (also known as Barnard's Galaxy, IC 4895, or Caldwell 57) is a barred irregular galaxy approximately 1.6 million light-years away in the constellation Sagittarius.	NGC 6822	Sagittarius
constellation	Omega Herculis (ω Her, ω Herculis) is a star in the constellation Hercules.	Omega Herculis	Hercules
constellation	HD 40307 is an orange (K-type) main-sequence star located approximately 42 light-years away in the constellation of Pictor (the Easel), taking its primary name from its Henry Draper Catalogue designation.	HD 40307	Pictor
constellation	HD 100777 is an orange subgiant star located approximately 172 light years away in the constellation Leo.	HD 100777	Leo
constellation	Theta Indi (θ Ind) is a binary star in the constellation Indus.	Theta Indi	Indus
constellation	HD 96700 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Hydra.	HD 96700	Hydra
constellation	HD 95089 b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the K-type star HD 95089 approximately 453 light years away in the constellation Leo.	HD 95089 b	Leo
constellation	NGC 6872, also known as the Condor Galaxy, is a large barred spiral galaxy of type SB(s)b pec in the constellation Pavo.	NGC 6872	Pavo
constellation	Omega Ursae Majoris (Omega UMa, ω Ursae Majoris, ω UMa) is a binary star in the constellation Ursa Major.	Omega Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 176051 is a spectroscopic binary star system approximately 49 light years away from Earth in the constellation Lyra.	HD 176051	Lyra
constellation	Alpha Telescopii (α Tel, α Telescopii) is the brightest star in the constellation Telescopium, with an apparent visual magnitude of 3.5.	Alpha Telescopii	Telescopium
constellation	HD 113538 (Gliese 496.1) is a K-type main-sequence star of a late spectral type (K9V) that lies approximately 51 light-years away in the constellation of Centaurus.	HD 113538	Centaurus
constellation	HD 63922 is a blue giant star in the constellation Puppis.	HD 63922	Puppis
constellation	Lambda Coronae Borealis (l CrB), is a star located in the constellation Corona Borealis.	Lambda Coronae Borealis	Corona Borealis
constellation	Luyten 726-8, also known as Gliese 65, is a binary star system that is one of Earth's nearest neighbors, at about 8.7 light years from Earth in the constellation Cetus.	Luyten 726-8	Cetus
constellation	HD 46375 is an 8th-magnitude K-type subgiant star located approximately 109 light-years away in the constellation of Monoceros.	HD 46375	Monoceros
constellation	COROT-9b is an exoplanet orbiting the star COROT-9, approximately 1500 light years away in the constellation Serpens.	COROT-9b	Serpens
constellation	NGC 2736 (also known as the Pencil Nebula) is a small part of the Vela Supernova Remnant, located near the Vela Pulsar in the constellation Vela.	NGC 2736	Vela
constellation	35 Cancri (abbr.: 35 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	35 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	HR 4072 (ET Ursae Majoris, HD 89822, HIP 50933) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major.	HR 4072	Ursa Major
constellation	DENIS J081730.0-615520 (also known as 2MASS 08173001-6155158) is a T brown dwarf approximately 16 ly (4.9 pc) away in the constellation Carina.	DENIS J081730.0-615520	Carina
constellation	HAT-P-8 is a magnitude 10 star located 750 light-years away in Pegasus.	HAT-P-8	Pegasus
constellation	HD 114386 is a 9th magnitude star located approximately 91 light years away in the constellation of Centaurus.	HD 114386	Centaurus
constellation	NGC 3244 is a spiral galaxy in the Antlia constellation discovered by John Herschel on April 22, 1835.	NGC 3244	Antlia
constellation	HD 10180 is a Sun-like star in the southern constellation Hydrus that is notable for its large planetary system.	HD 10180	Hydrus
constellation	SDSS J0106-1000 (full name: SDSS J010657.39-100003.3) is a binary star located about 7,800 light-years from Earth in the constellation Cetus.	SDSS J0106-1000	Cetus
constellation	NGC 1746 is an object in the constellation Taurus that was described in 1863 by Heinrich Louis d'Arrest and as a result was recorded in the New General Catalogue (NGC).	NGC 1746	Taurus
constellation	NGC 462 is a elliptical galaxy located in the Pisces constellation.	NGC 462	Pisces
constellation	R Scuti (R Sct) is a star in the constellation of Scutum.	R Scuti	Scutum
constellation	NGC 6745 (also known as UGC 11391) is an irregular galaxy about 206 million light-years (63.5 mega-parsecs) away in the constellation Lyra.	NGC 6745	Lyra
constellation	HD 70642 is a yellow dwarf star in the constellation of Puppis located 92 light years away.	HD 70642	Puppis
constellation	HD 63454 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 117 light-years away in the constellation of Chamaeleon, orbiting the star HD 63454.	HD 63454 b	Chamaeleon
constellation	HD 149026 b, also named Smertrios, is an extrasolar planet approximately 257 light-years from the Sun in the constellation of Hercules.	HD 149026 b	Hercules
constellation	IRC+10420, also known as V1302 Aql, is a yellow hypergiant star located in the constellation of Aquila at a distance of 4-6 kiloparsecs of the Sun.	IRC+10420	Aquila
constellation	9 Cephei (9 Cep), also known as V337 Cephei, is a star in the constellation Cepheus.	9 Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	16 Cygni or 16 Cyg is the Flamsteed designation of a triple star system approximately 69 light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Cygnus.	16 Cygni	Cygnus
constellation	NGC 1806 is a globular cluster located within the Large Magellanic Cloud within the constellation of Dorado (the dolphin-fish), an area of the sky best seen from the Earth's southern hemisphere.	NGC 1806	Dorado
constellation	Xi Pegasi (ξ Peg, ξ Pegasi) is the Bayer designation for a double star in the northern constellation of Pegasus, the winged horse.	Xi Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	Messier 10 or M10 (also designated NGC 6254) is a globular cluster of stars in the equatorial constellation of Ophiuchus.	Messier 10	Ophiuchus
constellation	2MASS J11145133-2618235 (designation abbreviated to 2MASS 1114-2618, or 2M1114-26, or 2M1114-2618, or 2MASS 1114-26, or 2MASS J1114-2618) is nearby brown dwarf of spectral class T7.5, located in constellation Hydra at approximately 18 light-years from Earth.	2MASS J11145133-2618235	Hydra
constellation	Pi Capricorni (π Cap, π Capricorni) is a double star in the constellation Capricornus.	Pi Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	NGC 5229 is an edge-on spiral galaxy located in the constellation Canes Venatici.	NGC 5229	Canes Venatici
constellation	HD 148427 is a 7th magnitude K-type subgiant star located approximately 193 light years away in the constellation Ophiuchus.	HD 148427	Ophiuchus
constellation	42 Aquarii (abbreviated 42 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	42 Aquarii	Aquarius
continent	Shishman Peak (Vrah Shishman \'vr&h shish-'man\) rises to over 800 m in the east extremity of Levski Ridge, Tangra Mountains, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Shishman Peak	Antarctica
country	Višegrad (Serbian Cyrillic: Вишеград, pronounced (ʋǐʃɛɡraːd)) is a town and municipality in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina resting on the Drina river and in the Republika Srpska entity.	Višegrad	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Learning and Teaching Support Network (LTSN) was an initiative of the United Kingdom higher education bodies to promote high quality learning and teaching in all subject disciplines in higher education.	Learning and Teaching Support Network	United Kingdom
country	Unionville Public School is an elementary school located in Unionville, Ontario, Canada and is part of the York Region District School Board.	Unionville Public School	Canada
country	Reference Re Farm Products Marketing Act (Ontario), 1957 S.C.R. 198 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on the Trade and Commerce power allocated to the federal government under section 91(2) of the Constitution Act, 1867.	Reference Re Farm Products Marketing Act (Ontario)	Canada
country	The Sierra de Mijas is a mountain range in southern Spain, part of the coastal mountain range that lies behind the Costa del Sol Occidental, in Andalusia.	Sierra de Mijas	Spain
country	Wąsosz (ˈvɔ̃sɔʂ) (German: Herrnstadt) is a town in Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wąsosz	Poland
country	Orta Qəsil (also, Orta Kasil'') is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Orta Qəsil	Azerbaijan
country	The Arrondissement of Menen (Dutch: Arrondissement Menen; French: Arrondissement de Menin) was a short-lived arrondissement in the present-day Province of West Flanders, Belgium.	Arrondissement of Menen	Belgium
country	Ramsowo (ramˈsɔvɔ) (German Gross Ramsau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ramsowo	Poland
country	Chumael is a village in the Bafatá Region of southern-central Guinea-Bissau.	Chumael	Guinea-Bissau
country	The Kibira National Park is a national park in northwestern Burundi.	Kibira National Park	Burundi
country	Fosseuse is a former commune in the Oise department in northern France.	Fosseuse	France
country	Changyang Tujia Autonomous County (simplified Chinese: 长阳土家族自治县; traditional Chinese: 長陽土家族自治縣; pinyin: Chángyáng Tǔjiāzú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county in western Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Changyang Tujia Autonomous County	People's Republic of China
country	Anegunta, also spelled Anigunta, is a village in the Zahirabad sub district of the Medak district in Telangana, India.	Anigunta	India
country	Szczyty-Las (ˈʂt͡ʂɨtɨ ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Szczyty-Las	Poland
country	171 La Trobe Street is a building in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, by architect Nonda Katsalidis.	171 La Trobe Street	Australia
country	Industrial Cooperative Housing, Isfahan (Persian: شركت تعاوني روستاي خوشه‎ -- Sherkat-e Tʿāvanī Rūstāī Khūsheh) is a village and company town in Murcheh Khvort Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Industrial Cooperative Housing, Isfahan	Iran
country	Aeritalia was an aerospace engineering corporation based in Italy, formed by the merger of Fiat Aviazione and Aerfer in 1969.	Aeritalia	Italy
country	Naryan-Mar (Russian: Нарья́н-Мар; Nenets: Няръянa марˮ, Nyar'yana marq, lit. ``red town'') is a sea and river port town and the administrative center of Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia.	Naryan-Mar	Russia
country	Lashkan (Persian: لشكان‎, also Romanized as Lashkān; also known as Lashgān) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lashkan	Iran
country	Kamaraj Rural District (Persian: دهستان كمارج‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kamaraj Rural District	Iran
country	Gattendorf is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany.	Gattendorf	Germany
country	The Coll de Balaguer is a mountain pass in Catalonia, Spain.	Coll de Balaguer	Spain
country	Deutsche Börse has locations in Germany, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Czech Republic, and Spain, as well as representative offices in Beijing, London, Paris, Chicago, New York, Hong Kong, and Dubai.	Deutsche Börse	Germany
country	Bayat-e Sofla (Persian: بيات سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bayāt-e Soflá; also known as Bayāt-e Pā’īn) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bayat-e Sofla	Iran
country	Chiarano is a town in the province of Treviso, north-eastern Italy.	Chiarano	Italy
country	Mimico is a neighbourhood and a former municipality in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, being located in the south-west area of Toronto on Lake Ontario.	Mimico	Canada
country	The Gymea Bay is a bay on the upper estuarine Port Hacking River, fed by the Coonong Creek in southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia	Gymea Bay	Australia
country	Abdul Rahman Auf Mosque (Malay: Masjid Abdul Rahman Auf) is a mosque in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Abdul Rahman Auf Mosque	Malaysia
country	Monfortinho Airport (ICAO: LPMF) is an airport near the Portugal-Spain border serving Monfortinho, Portugal.	Monfortinho Airport	Portugal
country	Środula is a former village in Poland, now the northern district of the town of Sosnowiec, Poland.	Środula	Poland
country	Drazdy (Belarusian: Дразды, Russian: Дрозды, Drozdy) is a microdistrict in north-west Minsk where many top state officials lived during the Soviet times and today, including the President of Belarus, Alexander Lukashenko.	Drazdy	Belarus
country	Inovce is a village and municipality in the Sobrance District in the Košice Region of east Slovakia.	Inovce	Slovakia
country	Van Xuan University of Technology (Vietnamese: Đại học Công nghệ Vạn Xuân, abbreviated as VXUT) is a Vietnam private university established in 2008, under the Decision No 1068/QD-TTg by the prime minister of Vietnam.	Van Xuan University of Technology	Vietnam
country	Nowbaran (Persian: نوبران‎, also Romanized as Nowbarān and Nūbarān) is one of the cities and capital of Nowbaran District, in Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Nowbaran	Iran
country	Kirigalpotta is the 2nd tallest mountain in Sri Lanka at 2,388 m (7,835 ft) above mean sea level, and is also the highest mountain in the country whose summit is accessible to the general public (the highest point, Pidurutalagala, is occupied by a military base and off-limits to the public).	Kirigalpotta	Sri Lanka
country	Podlisec (pronounced (pɔˈdliːsəts)) is a small settlement just west of Dobrnič in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Podlisec	Slovenia
country	Hvidovre Stadium (Da: Hvidovre Stadion) is an athletics - and soccer stadium in Hvidovre in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Hvidovre Stadion	Denmark
country	Shakhtal Khan-e Seh (Persian: شاخت الخان سه‎, also Romanized as Shākhtal Khān-e Seh) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shakhtal Khan-e Seh	Iran
country	Taoyuan Senior High School Station (Chinese: 桃園高中車站; pinyin: Táoyuán Gāozhōng Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Linkou Line located in Taoyuan District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Taoyuan Senior High School Station	Taiwan
country	Roskilde Fjord is the fjord north of Roskilde, Denmark.	Roskilde Fjord	Denmark
country	Broumov Airport (50°34′N 16°21′E, ICAO airport code LKBR) is an airport in Broumov in the Czech Republic.	Broumov Airport	Czech Republic
country	Jangal-e Gorgi (Persian: جنگل گرگي‎, also Romanized as Jangal-e Gorgī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jangal-e Gorgi	Iran
country	Didgah-e Alamun (Persian: ديدگاه المون‎, also Romanized as Dīdgāh-e Ālamūn) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Didgah-e Alamun	Iran
country	Korab III is a mountain peak located in eastern Albania.	Korab III	Albania
country	The House of Grimaldi is associated with the history of the Republic of Genoa, Italy and of the Principality of Monaco.	House of Grimaldi	Republic of Genoa
country	The South East Community Development Council (abbreviation: SE CDC) is one of five Community Development Councils (CDCs) set up across the Republic of Singapore to aid in local administration of governmental policies and schemes.	South East Community Development Council	Singapore
country	Veľká Ves nad Ipľom (Hungarian: Ipolynagyfalu) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Veľká Ves nad Ipľom	Slovakia
country	Biên Hòa (Northern accent: listen, Southern accent: listen) is a city in Đồng Nai Province, Vietnam, about 20 miles (32 km) east of Hồ Chí Minh City (formerly Saigon), to which Biên Hòa is linked by Vietnam Highway 1.	Biên Hòa	Vietnam
country	Jesse and Gene is the morning zoo duo name for Jesse Dylan and Gene Valaitis, who hosted The Jesse and Gene Show, a prominent morning drive time show in the Toronto, Canada radio market during the 1980s and the 1990s.	Jesse and Gene	Canada
country	Eriksöre is a village located on the island of Öland, Sweden.	Eriksöre	Sweden
country	Zansoni is a village and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Fakolo in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Zansoni	Mali
country	Wondelgem used to be a village in East Flanders, Belgium.	Wondelgem	Belgium
country	Houska Castle is an early Gothic castle, 47 km north of Prague, in the Czech Republic.	Houska Castle	Czech Republic
country	Žabljak Crnojevića (commonly referred to as Žabljak; Cyrillic: Жабљак Црнојевића, pronounced (ʒâbʎaːk t͡sr̂nɔjɛv̞it͡ɕaː), is an abandoned medieval fortified town (fortress) in Montenegro.	Žabljak Crnojevića	Montenegro
country	The Place Jean-Jaurès, a.k.a. La Plaine, is a historic square in Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Place Jean-Jaurès	France
country	Cəmcəmli (also, Cəm-Cəmli and Dzhamdzhamly) is a village and municipality in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cəmcəmli	Azerbaijan
country	Technology College is a term used in the United Kingdom for a secondary specialist school that focuses on design and technology, mathematics and science.	Technology College	United Kingdom
country	Western Hutt Railway Station, formerly Lower Hutt, is an intermediate station on the single-track Melling Line in Lower Hutt, New Zealand, It is served by Metlink electric multiple unit trains operated by Tranz Metro.	Western Hutt Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Monaghan Road railway station was on the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway in the Republic of Ireland.	Monaghan Road railway station	Ireland
country	Längelmäki (known as Längelmä between 1500 and 1510) is a former municipality of Finland.	Längelmäki	Finland
country	Bogoštica (Serbian Cyrillic: Богоштица) is a village in Serbia.	Bogoštica	Serbia
country	Faydiya, or Al Fa'idiyah is a town in the District of Jabal al Akhdar in northeastern Libya.	Faydiya	Libya
country	Xylokastro (Approx: /zaɪˈlɒ.kɑːstrɒ/) (Greek: Ξυλόκαστρο) is a seaside town or village and a former municipality in Corinthia in the Peloponnese, Greece.	Xylokastro	Greece
country	Sib Chah (Persian: سيب چاه‎, also Romanized as Sīb Chāh; also known as Sīp Chāh) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sib Chah	Iran
country	Sometime before 1321, Grand Duke Gediminas transferred the capital of Lithuania from Kernavė to Trakai (today's Senieji Trakai) and erected his brick castle.	Senieji Trakai	Lithuania
country	Nykøbing Sjælland is a town in Denmark, located in northern Odsherred on the island of Zealand.	Nykøbing Sjælland	Denmark
country	Kłaj (kwai̯) is a village of about 3,000 inhabitants in the Wieliczka County of Poland's Lesser Poland province.	Kłaj	Poland
country	The 1949 German football championship, the 39th edition of the competition, was the culmination of the 1948--49 football season in Germany.	1949 German football championship	Germany
country	Ytre Norskøya (English: Outer Norway Island) is an island on the northwest coast of Spitsbergen, part of the Svalbard archipelago.	Ytre Norskøya	Norway
country	Varanger Peninsula (Norwegian: Varangerhalvøya; Northern Sami: Várnjárga) is a peninsula in Finnmark county, Norway.	Varanger Peninsula	Norway
country	Nolet Het Reymerswale is a former restaurant located in Yerseke in the Netherlands.	Nolet Het Reymerswale	Netherlands
country	Tinguiririca Volcano is a massive and active stratovolcano located in Chile's VI Region (O'Higgins) and near the Argentinian border.	Tinguiririca Volcano	Chile
country	ComfortDelGro Corporation (SGX: C52) is a multi-national land transport company listed on the Singapore Exchange operating 46,010 vehicles in seven countries.	ComfortDelGro	Singapore
country	Pallastunturi fells is a group of seven fells in the municipalities of Muonio and Enontekiö in Lapland, Finland.	Pallastunturi	Finland
country	Asdas is a village in the northern part of the Ma'rib Governorate of Yemen.	Asdas	Yemen
country	Adderley Street is a famous street in Cape Town, South Africa.	Adderley Street	South Africa
country	Ravnsnæs is a small village with a population of 611 (1 January 2014), just south of Sjælsø in Denmark.	Ravnsnæs	Denmark
country	Hoseynabad-e Baqeri (Persian: حسين ابادباقري‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Bāqerī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Baqeri	Iran
country	Mangapapa is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Gisborne.	Mangapapa	New Zealand
country	La Mare de Déu de la Salut Festival is a festival celebrated in Algemesí, Spain, in August 29--	La Mare de Déu de la Salut Festival	Spain
country	The New Suez Canal (Arabic: قناة السويس الجديدة‎ Qanāt al-Suways al-Jadīdah) is the name of a waterway project in Egypt, to expand the capacity of the existing Suez Canal.	New Suez Canal	Egypt
country	The Steinheim crater is a meteorite crater in Steinheim am Albuch, Heidenheim County, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Steinheim crater	Germany
country	Ambatondrazaka (amˌbatuɳɖʐaˈzakə̥) is a city (commune urbaine) in Madagascar Ambatondrazaka is also the capital of the Alaotra-Mangoro region and the Ambatondrazaka District.	Ambatondrazaka	Madagascar
country	San Vigilio is a Renaissance and Baroque style, Roman Catholic church located on Via San Vigilio, Siena, region of Tuscany, Italy.	San Vigilio, Siena	Italy
country	Chanos-Curson is a commune of the Drôme department in southeastern France.	Chanos-Curson	France
country	Fort Providence (Slavey language: Zhahti Koe or Zhahti Kue ``mission house'') is a hamlet in the South Slave Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Fort Providence	Canada
country	The Killarney Provincial Park Observatory is a small observatory located in Killarney Provincial Park near the George Lake Campground (near Killarney, Ontario, Canada).	Killarney Provincial Park Observatory	Canada
country	Kuchesfahan (Persian: كوچصفهان‎, (kuːtʃesfæˈhɑːn), Gilaki: Kochesfahan (kʊtʃesfəˈhən); also Romanized as Kūcheşfahān and Kuch-i-Isfahān; also known as Bāzār Kūcheşfahān and Kushk-Isfagan) is a city in and the capital of Kuchesfahan District, in Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kuchesfahan	Iran
country	Brezje pri Bojsnem (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ˈboːi̯snɛm); German: Bresje) is a small settlement to the north of Bojsno in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Brezje pri Bojsnem	Slovenia
country	Maiwand is a village in Afghanistan within the Maiwand District of Kandahar Province.	Maiwand	Afghanistan
country	The Cabo de São Tomé is a peninsula in the state of Rio de Janeiro, on the coast of southeastern Brazil.	Cabo de São Tomé	Brazil
country	The Castejón Mountains (Spanish: Montes de Castejón) are a mountain range in the Cinco Villas comarca, Aragon, Spain, located about 30 km to the north of Zaragoza.	Castejón Mountains	Spain
country	The Praça do Império (Portuguese for Empire Square) is a city square in Lisbon, Portugal.	Praça do Império	Portugal
country	Khunzakh (Russian: Хунзах) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Khunzakhsky District in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia, located in the North Caucasus mountains 1,600 meters (5,200 ft) above sea level.	Khunzakh	Russia
country	The 2006 LG Hockey Games were played between April 26 and April 29, 2006 in Stockholm, Sweden.	2006 LG Hockey Games	Sweden
country	Mosul International Airport (IATA: OSM, ICAO: ORBM) is an airport located at Mosul, capital of Nineveh Governorate, Iraq.	Mosul International Airport	Iraq
country	Karapuzha Dam located in the Wayanad district of Kerala, is one of the biggest earth dams in India.	Karapuzha Dam	India
country	Lakshmi Villa is village in Kanpur, U.P., India.	Lakshmi Villa	India
country	Karkum (Persian: كركوم‎, also Romanized as Karkūm; also known as Dārkūd, Dārkūm, Karkom, Qarah Qom, and Qarqom) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Karkum	Iran
country	Melton Airfield (ICAO: YMEL) is a small grass strip airfield located approximately 5 km (3.1 mi) north of the city centre of Melton in the City of Melton, Victoria, Australia.	Melton Airfield	Australia
country	Salvador do Mundo (Portuguese for Saviour of the World) is a village in Bardez taluka, Goa, in India.	Salvador do Mundo	India
country	Kršič (pronounced (kəɾˈʃitʃ)) is a small settlement above Godič in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Kršič	Slovenia
country	Euralille is an urban quarter in the centre of Lille, France.	Euralille	France
country	Grabašnica (Cyrillic: Грабашница) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grabašnica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Cape Cleveland Light is an active heritage-listed lighthouse located on the northern tip of Cape Cleveland, a promontory projecting into the Coral Sea west of Cleveland Bay and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.	Cape Cleveland Light	Australia
country	In 1992, the school council voted to change the school's name to Gilson College as a tribute to W J Gilson, a prominent figure in Adventist education in Australia.	Gilson College	Australia
country	Horní Paseky (German: Oberreuth) is a border village in Karlovy Vary Region, Czech Republic.	Horní Paseky	Czech Republic
country	Agricultural Cooperative College is a private technical college located in Goyang City, Gyeonggi province, South Korea.	Agricultural Cooperative College	South Korea
country	The Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance (Hebrew: האקדמיה למוסיקה ולמחול בירושלים‎), is a school for the music and the performing arts in Jerusalem, Israel.	Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance	Israel
country	La Orchila is an island and a military base off the coast of Venezuela, north of Caracas.	La Orchila	Venezuela
country	Moosonee is a town in northern Ontario, Canada, on the Moose River approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of James Bay.	Moosonee	Canada
country	Vierzon (French pronunciation: ​(vjɛʁ.zɔ̃)) is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.	Vierzon	France
country	Fezile Dabi District Municipality, formerly known as Northern Free State District Municipality, is one of the 5 districts of Free State province of South Africa.	Fezile Dabi District Municipality	South Africa
country	Arte Fiera is an international modern and contemporary art fair sited annually in Bologna, Italy, and was established in 1974.	Arte Fiera	Italy
country	Bishan Sports Hall is situated in the central part of Singapore at Bishan.	Bishan Sports Hall	Singapore
country	Las Anod (Somali: Laascaanood, Arabic: لاس عانود‎) is the administrative capital of the northern Sool province of Somalia.	Las Anod	Somalia
country	Ostrowąż-Kolonia (ɔsˈtrɔvɔ̃ʂ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ostrowąż-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Independent Greeks (Greek: Ανεξάρτητοι Έλληνες, Anexartitoi Ellines, ANEL) is a conservative, national-conservative and right-wing populist political party in Greece.	Independent Greeks	Greece
country	Lgotka (ˈlɡɔtka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lgotka	Poland
country	Nowosiółki-Kolonia (nɔvɔˈɕuu̯kʲi kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowosiółki-Kolonia	Poland
country	Reynisdrangar are basalt sea stacks situated under the mountain Reynisfjall near the village Vík í Mýrdal, southern Iceland which is framed by a black sand beach that was ranked in 1991 as one of the ten most beautiful non-tropical beaches in the world.	Reynisdrangar	Iceland
country	The Sudirman Range or Dugunduguoo or Nassau Range is a mountain range in Papua province, Indonesia.	Sudirman Range	Indonesia
country	The Halle concentration camp was a Nazi Germany Buchenwald subcamp that provided forced labor for the Siebel aircraft manufacturer in July 1944 under agreement with the SS-Wirtschafts-Verwaltungshauptamt (SS-WVHA).	Halle concentration camp	Germany
country	Burmee Colony (Urdu: برمی کالونی ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Landhi Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Burmee Colony	Pakistan
country	The Ciane (Sicilian: Ciani) is a short river in southern Sicily, Italy.	Ciane	Italy
country	CFCF-DT, VHF channel 12, is a CTV owned-and-operated television station located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	CFCF-DT	Canada
country	Salisbury railway station is located on the Beenleigh Line in Queensland, Australia.	Salisbury railway station	Australia
country	Padre Diego Cera Avenue, commonly known simply as Diego Cera Avenue, is a major north-south collector road in Las Piñas, southern Metro Manila, Philippines.	Diego Cera Avenue	Philippines
country	Muang Khua is a village in Laos, near the Vietnamese border, in the province of Phongsali.	Muang Khua	Laos
country	Budki Petrykowskie (ˈbutki pɛtrɨˈkɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budki Petrykowskie	Poland
country	Monte Musinè or simply Musinè (in Piedmontese mont Musinè) is a mountain in the Graian Alps in Italy.	Monte Musinè	Italy
country	Vinica pri Šmarjeti (pronounced (ˈʋiːnitsa pɾi ʃmaˈɾjeːti)) is a village in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Vinica pri Šmarjeti	Slovenia
country	Pont-sur-Yonne is a commune in the Yonne department in Burgundy in north-central France.	Pont-sur-Yonne	France
country	Niaqornat Heliport (IATA: NIQ, ICAO: BGNT) is a heliport in Niaqornat, a village on the northeastern shore of Nuussuaq Peninsula in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Niaqornat Heliport	Greenland
country	Kassala (Arabic: كسلا‎, Arabic pronunciation: (kasalaː); Italian: Cassala) is the capital of the state of Kassala in eastern Sudan.	Kassala	Sudan
country	Jafarbagi-ye Olya (Persian: جافربيگي عليا‎, also Romanized as Ja``farbagī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 20 families.	Jafarbagi-ye Olya	Iran
country	Przydwórz (ˈpʂɨdvuʂ) (German: Schönfließ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Przydwórz	Poland
country	Zamość Fortress (Polish: Twierdza Zamość) is a set of fortifications constructed together with the city of Zamość (southeastern Poland).	Zamość Fortress	Poland
country	Mamqabinə (also, Mamkabina) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mamqabinə	Azerbaijan
country	Biała-Kolonia (ˈbjawa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Biała-Kolonia	Poland
country	Preah Sdach District (Khmer: ស្រុកព្រះស្ដេច) is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.	Preah Sdach District	Cambodia
country	Chalab (Persian: چالاب‎, also Romanized as Chālāb) is a village in Korani Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chalab	Iran
country	Dhannapur (Bengali: ধন্যপুর) is a village at Palla Bazar, in Mohammadpur Union, Chatkhil Upazila, Noakhali District, Chittagong Division, Bangladesh.	Dhannapur	Bangladesh
country	Keramidi (Greek: Κεραμίδι) is a village and a former community in Magnesia, Thessaly, Greece.	Keramidi	Greece
country	Crvena gora (Serbian Cyrillic: Црвена гора) is a mountain in western Serbia, above the town of Ivanjica.	Crvena gora	Serbia
country	The National Kaohsiung Normal University (NKNU; Chinese: 國立高雄師範大學), founded in 1967, is a public university located in Lingya District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	National Kaohsiung Normal University	Taiwan
country	Isa Air Base, formerly Shaikh Isa Air Base (ICAO: OBBS), is located on the 665 km² island nation of Bahrain which is situated off Saudi Arabia's eastern coast.	Isa Air Base	Bahrain
country	San Pedro Atocpan is one of the communities that make up the borough of Milpa Alta in the Federal District of Mexico, better known as Mexico City.	San Pedro Atocpan	Mexico
country	Home Hill, Queensland is a town and locality in the Burdekin Shire, Queensland, Australia at the delta of the Burdekin River.	Home Hill, Queensland	Australia
country	Calabas is a village on the island of Aruba, located towards the north-center of the island.	Calabas	Aruba
country	The Acheron (/ˈækərən/; Ancient Greek: Ἀχέρων (Acheron) or Ἀχερούσιος (Acherusius); Modern Greek: Αχέροντας (Acherontas)) is a river located in the Epirus region of northwest Greece.	Acheron	Greece
country	The Pierre Chauveau Medal is an award of the Royal Society of Canada ``for a distinguished contribution to knowledge in the humanities other than Canadian literature and Canadian history''.	Pierre Chauveau Medal	Canada
country	As of spring 2013, CHQR is the third most listened-to radio station, the second most listened-to AM station, in the Calgary market according to a PPM data report released by BBM Canada.	CHQR	Canada
country	The Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC Act) is an Act of the Parliament of Australia that provides a framework for protection of the Australian environment, including its biodiversity and its natural and culturally significant places.	Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999	Australia
country	The North Sea ferry TS Leda was operated by Bergen Line between Britain and Norway for over 20 years.	TS Leda	Norway
country	Hassagers Kollegium (originally Hassagers Collegium with 1900 orthography) is a small dormitory located at Frederiksberg Bredegade 13 B 2000 Frederiksberg, Denmark (Location:55°40′40``N 12°31′43''E).	Hassagers Kollegium	Denmark
country	Ubľa is a border village and municipality in Snina District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia on the border with Ukraine.	Ubľa	Slovakia
country	Ea Bar is a rural commune (xã) and large village in the Buôn Đôn District of Đắk Lắk Province, Vietnam.	Ea Bar	Vietnam
country	Lövstad Castle (Swedish: Lövstads slott) is a château situated near Norrköping, the province of Östergötland, in Sweden.	Lövstad Castle	Sweden
country	Oparówka (ɔpaˈrufka) (Ukrainian: Опарівка, Oparivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Oparówka	Poland
country	Hpapun Township (Burmese: ဖာပွန်မြို့နယ်; Karen: Mutraw; also Bu Tho Township) is a township of Hpapun District in the Kayin State of Myanmar.	Hpapun Township	Myanmar
country	Kaywa (Quechua for a Cyclanthera species, (Cyclanthera pedata or Cyclanthera brachybotrys) hispanicized spelling Cayhua) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 m (15,748 ft) high.	Kaywa	Peru
country	The Queen Elizabeth Theatre is a performing arts venue in downtown Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Queen Elizabeth Theatre	Canada
country	Six-Fours-les-Plages (Occitan: Sièis Forns lei Plaias, Sièis Four in provençal), is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Six-Fours-les-Plages	France
country	Lilla Värtan (Swedish: Smaller Värtan) or simply Värtan is a strait in Stockholm, Sweden.	Lilla Värtan	Sweden
country	Skorpios or Scorpios (Greek: Σκορπιός, pronounced (skorˈpços)) is a private island in the Ionian Sea off the western coast of Greece and just to the east of the island of Lefkada.	Skorpios	Greece
country	Ait Kamara is a village located 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of the city of Al Hoceima, in the Aït Waryaghar's tribe, in the Rif region of Morocco.	Ait Kamara	Morocco
country	Like many old river beds in the Netherlands, the Oude Maasje now primarily acts to drain the surrounding fields, and does not receive water from the Maas river.	Oude Maasje	Netherlands
country	Bankalar Caddesi (English: Banks Street), alternatively known as Voyvoda Caddesi (English: Voivode Street), located in the historic Galata quarter (present-day Karaköy) within the district of Beyoğlu (historic Pera) in Istanbul, Turkey, was the financial center of the Ottoman Empire.	Bankalar Caddesi	Turkey
country	Svaliava (Ukrainian: Свалява) is a city located on the Latorytsia River in Zakarpattia Oblast in western Ukraine.	Svaliava	Ukraine
country	The Meghalaya subtropical forests is a montane subtropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion of eastern India.	Meghalaya subtropical forests	India
country	Muszyna (muˈʂɨna) is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Muszyna	Poland
country	Ephraim Island is luxury residential development located in the suburb of Paradise Point in the north of Gold Coast, Australia.	Ephraim Island	Australia
country	Cotopaxi National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Cotopaxi) is a protected area in Ecuador situated in the Cotopaxi Province, Napo Province and Pichincha Province, roughly 50 km south of Quito.	Cotopaxi National Park	Ecuador
country	Les Mercuriales are twin towers in Bagnolet, along the Boulevard Peripherique, in Paris, France.	Les Mercuriales	France
country	Valtos Province (Greek: Επαρχία Βάλτου) is one of the five former provinces of Aetolia-Acarnania in Greece.	Valtos Province	Greece
country	The Maqua Palace (Palacio de Maqua) is located in the town of Aviles, Asturias, Spain.	Maqua Palace	Spain
country	Mazraeh-ye Boniad Amur Jangazdegan (Persian: مزرعه بنيادامور جنگزدگان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bonīād Amūr Jangazdegān) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Boniad Amur Jangazdegan	Iran
country	Milačevići (Serbian: Милачевићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Milačevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Parnell Tunnel is a railway tunnel under Parnell, Auckland, New Zealand.	Parnell Tunnel	New Zealand
country	Cohiniac (Breton: Kaouennieg, Gallo: Coheinyac) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Cohiniac	France
country	Lajoie Lake, also known as Little Gun Lake, is a small lake in the Bridge River Country of the West-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located three miles west of the community of Gold Bridge and just southwest of Gun Lake, which is also known as Big Gun Lake.	Lajoie Lake	Canada
country	Novogeorgievsk was a city in Ukraine that since 1961 was flooded by the Kremenchuk water reservoir.	Novogeorgievsk	Ukraine
country	Nalewajków (nalɛˈvajkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nalewajków	Poland
country	Petrofani (Greek: Πετροφάνι; Turkish: Esendağ) is an abandoned village in central Cyprus.	Petrofani	Cyprus
country	Monte Colombine is a mountain of Lombardy, Italy, It has an elevation of 2,215 metres (7,267 ft).	Monte Colombine	Italy
country	Liniewo (liˈɲevɔ) (German: Lienfelde) is a village in Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Liniewo	Poland
country	Godanod (Somali: Godcanood) is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Godanod	Somalia
country	Bela Church, also Our Lady of Sorrows Church, is a Roman Catholic church in the Kasargode district of Kerala state, South India, 15 km north of Kasaragod.	Bela Church	India
country	Sir Bagh (Persian: سيرباغ‎, also Romanized as Sīr Bāgh; also known as Shīr Bāgh) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sir Bagh	Iran
country	Zllash (Serbian: Злаш, Zlaš) is a mountain in eastern Kosovo, just east of the capital city of Pristina.	Zllash	Kosovo
country	Avirak (Persian: اويرك‎, also Romanized as Avīrak) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Avirak	Iran
country	Oqayba (Arabic: عقيبة‎, also spelled Aqiba, Akibah or Agiba) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located northwest of Aleppo.	Oqayba	Syria
country	Blackrock Castle is a castellated fortification located at Blackrock, about 2 km from the centre of Cork city on the banks of the River Lee in Ireland.	Blackrock Castle	Ireland
country	Katharine Gibbs College was a for-profit institution of higher learning based in the United States of America, founded by Katharine Gibbs.	Gibbs College	United States of America
country	Dębowa Łąka (dɛmˈbɔva ˈwɔnka) (German: Dembowalonka) is a village in Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dębowa Łąka	Poland
country	Ovayok Territorial Park (sometimes Uvajuq, formerly Mount Pelly) is a park situated 15 km (9.3 mi) east of Cambridge Bay, Kitikmeot, Nunavut, Canada.	Ovayok Territorial Park	Canada
country	Futory (fuˈtɔrɨ) (Ukrainian: Футори, Futory) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleszyce, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Futory	Poland
country	Sandymount Strand (Irish: Dumhach Thrá) is a large strand on the east coast of Ireland, adjacent to the village and suburb of Sandymount in Dublin.	Sandymount Strand	Ireland
country	Grivci (Serbian: Гривци) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grivci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Dali Owlad Mohammad Hoseyn (Persian: دلي اولادمحمدحسين‎, also Romanized as Dalī Owlād Moḩammad Ḩoseyn) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dali Owlad Mohammad Hoseyn	Iran
country	Southern Regional Hospital (formerly Dangriga Hospital) is a hospital serving Dangriga, Belize.	Dangriga Hospital	Belize
country	Thaha Municipality is a municipality in Makwanpur District of Narayani Zone in mid Nepal.	Thaha Municipality	Nepal
country	Military Airport Aigen im Ennstal (German: Militärflugplatz Aigen im Ennstal, ICAO: LOXA) is a military airport located 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) east of Aigen im Ennstal, Steiermark, Austria.	Military Airport Aigen im Ennstal	Austria
country	Tamra (Arabic: طمرة‎, Hebrew: טַמְרָה or תַמְרָה) is an Arab city in the North District of Israel located in the Lower Galilee 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the city of Shefa-'Amr and approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Akko (Acre).	Tamra	Israel
country	Vilsund Bridge (Vilsundbroen) is a bascule arch bridge that crosses Vilsund between Mors and Thy in northwestern Jutland, Denmark.	Vilsund Bridge	Denmark
country	Ellinikon International Airport, sometimes spelled Hellinikon (Greek: Ελληνικόν) was the international airport of Athens, Greece for sixty years up until 2001, when it was replaced by the new Athens International Airport ``Eleftherios Venizelos''.	Ellinikon International Airport	Greece
country	Czosnów (ˈt͡ʂɔsnuf) is a village in Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czosnów	Poland
country	Kairaki is a small rural community in the Waimakariri District, New Zealand.	Kairaki	New Zealand
country	Bendigo Art Gallery in Bendigo, founded in 1887, is one of Australia's oldest and largest regional art galleries.	Bendigo Art Gallery	Australia
country	Audinghen (Dutch: Oudinghen) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Audinghen	France
country	Bandaranayake Central College, Veyangoda (Sinhala:වේයන්ගොඩ බණ්ඩාරනායක මධ්‍ය විද්‍යාලය ), also known as ``Veyangoda Central College (VCC)'', is a National school in Sri Lanka.	Bandaranayake Central College, Veyangoda	Sri Lanka
country	Lake Mogilnoye (Russian: Озеро Могильное) is a small salt/fresh-water lake on the Kildin Island, Murmansk Oblast, Russia near Kildin Strait.	Mogilnoye	Russia
country	Dole pri Škofljici (pronounced (ˈdoːlɛ pɾi ˈʃkoːfljitsi); in older sources also Dolje) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofljica in central Slovenia.	Dole pri Škofljici	Slovenia
country	Wielmierzowice (vjɛlmjɛʐɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zdzieszowice, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wielmierzowice	Poland
country	Jary (ˈjarɨ) (German: Jäckel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jary	Poland
country	Anthousa (Greek: Ανθούσα meaning ``in blossom'') is a suburban town in East Attica, Greece.	Anthousa	Greece
country	Teplá (German: Tepl, formerly Töpel) is a town in the western Czech Republic.	Teplá	Czech Republic
country	Cheshmeh Hajegah Shirzadi (Persian: چشمه حاجگه شيرزادي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ḩājegah Shīrzādī) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Hajegah Shirzadi	Iran
country	The Sandavágur stone (FR 2 M) is a runestone that was discovered in the town of Sandavágur on the Faroe Islands in 1917.	Sandavágur stone	Faroe Islands
country	Pueblo Bello (Pretty Village), is a village and municipality in the northern region of the Department of Cesar, Colombia.	Pueblo Bello	Colombia
country	The Bröl Valley Railway (German: Bröltalbahn) was the first public narrow gauge railway in Germany and had a track gauge of 785 mm. It was the heart of a railway company, which from 1925 also ran bus services and from 1956 its passenger services only ran by road.	Bröl Valley Railway	Germany
country	Capitán Omar Darío Gerardi Airport (ICAO: SACA) is a military airport located in Córdoba, Argentina.	Capitán Omar Darío Gerardi Airport	Argentina
country	The City of Casey is a local government area in Victoria, Australia in the outer south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne.	City of Casey	Australia
country	Taksin Maharat National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติตากสินมหาราช) is a national park in Tak Province, Thailand.	Taksin Maharat National Park	Thailand
country	Palsmane parish (Latvian: Palsmanes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Valka District, Latvia.	Palsmane parish	Latvia
country	Breede River Valley is a region of Western Cape Province, South Africa known for being the largest fruit and wine producing valley in the Western Cape, as well as South Africa's leading race-horse breeding area.	Breede River Valley	South Africa
country	Arayatlı (also, Arayatly) is a village and municipality in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Arayatlı	Azerbaijan
country	Rai 1 (until May 2010 known as Rai Uno) is the flagship television channel of Rai, Italy's national public service broadcaster, and the most watched television channel in the country.	Rai 1	Italy
country	The biggest production site of Wacker Chemie is the Burghausen plant in the south-east of Bavaria, Germany, with about 10,000 employees.	Wacker Chemie	Germany
country	Beit Zayit (Hebrew: בֵּית זַיִת, lit. House of Olives) is a moshav in Israel located seven kilometres west of Jerusalem.	Beit Zayit	Israel
country	Washoda is a town in Suriname, located in the Nickerie district.	Washoda	Suriname
country	Danielki (daˈɲɛlki) is a small village situated in southern Poland, close to the border crossing at Chyżne.	Danielki	Poland
country	Pir Mehr Ali Shah Arid Agriculture University, Rawalpindi (PMAS-Arid University) is in Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan.	Pir Mehr Ali Shah Arid Agriculture University	Pakistan
country	Madona District (Latvian: Madonas rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Vidzeme and Latgale regions, in the country's east.	Madona District	Latvia
country	The University of Tartu Botanical Gardens (Estonian: Tartu Ülikooli Botaanikaaed), is a botanical garden in Tartu, Estonia.	University of Tartu Botanical Gardens	Estonia
country	Burunucu is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Burunucu	Turkey
country	Shahrak-e Bahram (Persian: شهرك بهرام‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Bahrām) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District, in the Central District of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Bahram	Iran
country	Lorun (Persian: لرون‎, also Romanized as Lorūn; also known as Looroon, Lowrūn, Lūrūn, and Owrūn) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Lorun	Iran
country	Kuhak-e Do (Persian: كوهك 2‎, also Romanized as Kūhak-e Do; also known as Kūhak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District, Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kuhak-e Do	Iran
country	Batorampon Point is the westernmost point of the island of Mindanao (7°6′32.5``N 121°53′51.8''E) in the Philippines and has been named so since the mid-19th century.	Batorampon Point	Philippines
country	As a political term, it is used most often as a synonym for Switzerland, whose official German name is ``Schweizerische Eidgenossenschaft'', usually translated as Swiss Confederation.	Eidgenossenschaft	Switzerland
country	Södra Ängby is a residential area blending functionalism with garden city ideals, located in western Stockholm, Sweden, forming part of the Bromma borough.	Södra Ängby	Sweden
country	The Turnbull Government is the federal executive government of Australia, led by the 29th Prime Minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull.	Turnbull Government	Australia
country	Cantillana is a town located in the province of Seville, Andalusia, southern Spain.	Cantillana	Spain
country	Dr. Hari Singh Gour University (Hindi: डॉ. हरिसिंह गौर विश्वविद्यालय or Dr Harisingh Gour Vishwavidyalaya), formerly and more popularly known as Sagar University (Hindi: सागर विश्वविद्यालय) or University of Saugor, is a Central University in the city of Sagar, the state of Madhya Pradesh or (MP), India.	Dr. Hari Singh Gour University	India
country	Mifergui is a locality in southeastern Guinea near the borders of Liberia and Côte d'Ivoire.	Mifergui	Guinea
country	Velsk (Russian: Вельск) is a town and the administrative center of Velsky District in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Vel River at its confluence with the Vaga River, 545 kilometers (339 mi) south of Arkhangelsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Velsk	Russia
country	York University (French: Université York) is a public research university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	York University	Canada
country	Papiabad (Persian: پاپی‌آباد‎, also Romanized as Pāpīābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Papiabad	Iran
country	The Daraa Border Crossing (Arabic: مركز درعا الحدودي‎) is an international border crossing between Syria and Jordan.	Daraa Border Crossing	Jordan
country	Hausen im Wiesental is a commune in the Lörrach district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Hausen im Wiesental	Germany
country	Uqchi Bozorg (Persian: اوقچي بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Ūqchī Bozorg) is a village in Tamran Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Uqchi Bozorg	Iran
country	Borek Skórzyński (ˈbɔrɛk skuˈʐɨɲski) (German: Bork) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Borek Skórzyński	Poland
country	Great-West Lifeco is an insurance centered financial holding company (corporation) that operates in North America (USA and Canada), Europe and Asia through 5 wholly owned, regionally focused subsidiaries.	Great-West Lifeco	Canada
country	The Jawaharlal Nehru Architecture and Fine Arts University (JNAFAU), is an architecture and fine arts university located at Masab Tank, Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Jawaharlal Nehru Architecture and Fine Arts University	India
country	Delazian (Persian: دلازيان‎, also Romanized as Delāzīān, Delāzeyān, Delāzīyān, Delāzīyān, and Deliāzān; also known as Dalījān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Delazian	Iran
country	The Maguindanao massacre, also known as the Ampatuan massacre after the town where the mass graves were found, occurred on the morning of November 23, 2009, in the town of Ampatuan in Maguindanao province, on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines.	Maguindanao massacre	Philippines
country	The Transkei (/trɑːnsˈkeɪ/ or /trɑːnsˈkaɪ/, meaning the area beyond (the river) Kei), officially the Republic of Transkei (Xhosa: iRiphabliki yeTranskei), was a Bantustan--an area set aside for members of a specific ethnicity--and nominal parliamentary democracy in the southeastern region of South Africa.	Transkei	South Africa
country	Alupka (Russian: Алýпка; Ukrainian: Алýпка; Crimean Tatar: Alupka; Greek: Ἀλώπηξ) is a resort city located in the Crimean peninsula, currently subject to a territorial dispute between the Russian Federation and Ukraine (see 2014 Crimean crisis).	Alupka	Ukraine
country	Barazq (Persian: برازق‎, also Romanized as Barāzq) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Barazq	Iran
country	Lakha Road railway station (Urdu: لکھا روڈ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Lakha road town, Naushahro Feroze district of Sindh province of the Pakistan.	Lakha Road railway station	Pakistan
country	Phagi (Hindi: फागी) is a tehsil and a panchayat samiti in Jaipur district in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Phagi	India
country	The Tschingel Glacier (German: Tschingelfirn) is a 3 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.	Tschingel Glacier	Switzerland
country	The Wetaskiwin and District Heritage Museum, in Wetaskiwin, Alberta, Canada celebrates the early history of Wetaskiwin and area.	Wetaskiwin and District Heritage Museum	Canada
country	As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act, Deobahal village is administrated by Sarpanch (Head of Panchayat) with Ward Member who is electedrepresentative of village.	Deobahal	India
country	Kishori is a small village in Mudhol, district Bagalkot, Karnataka, India.	Kishori	India
country	Gripenberg Castle (Swedish: Gripenbergs slott) is a wooden manor house near Tranås in Småland, Sweden.	Gripenberg Castle	Sweden
country	Mvezo is a small village on the banks of the Mbashe River, not far from Mthatha in the Eastern Cape of South Africa.	Mvezo	South Africa
country	Toronto West was a federal electoral district in the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1904 to 1925.	Toronto West	Canada
country	Lac de Tracouet (also Lac Noir, ``Black Lake'') is a lake in the Nendaz municipality in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Lac de Tracouet	Switzerland
country	The Giardino Officinale di Marzana is a municipal botanical garden located in Marzana, Verona, Veneto, Italy.	Giardino Officinale di Marzana	Italy
country	Dyke Island is one of the Falkland Islands, lying between Weddell Island, and West Falkland.	Dyke Island	Falkland Islands
country	Kateh Sar (Persian: كته سر‎; also known as Kateh Shūr and Katekhsar) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kateh Sar	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Bezaqa (Persian: مزرعه بزاقا‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bezāqā) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Bezaqa	Iran
country	Boneh-ye Abbas Ali (Persian: بنه عباسعلي‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye ʿAbbās ʿAlī) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Abbas Ali	Iran
country	Tereke-yurén-tepui is one of the four main tepuis of the Los Testigos chain in Bolívar, Venezuela.	Tereke-yurén-tepui	Venezuela
country	Karamay or Kelamayi is a prefecture-level city in the north of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.	Karamay	People's Republic of China
country	The University of Colombo School of Computing (UCSC) is a higher educational institute affiliated to the University of Colombo in Sri Lanka providing computer science and information and communication technology education.	University of Colombo School of Computing	Sri Lanka
country	Pinar del Río Airport (IATA: QPD, ICAO: MUPR) is an abandoned airport formerly serving Pinar del Río, the capital city of the Pinar del Río Province in Cuba.	Pinar del Río Airport	Cuba
country	Doroslovo (Serbian: Дорослово or Doroslovo, Hungarian: Doroszló, Croatian: Doroslovo) is a village in Serbia.	Doroslovo	Serbia
country	Bettborn (Luxembourgish: Bieberech) is a village in the commune of Préizerdaul, in western Luxembourg.	Bettborn	Luxembourg
country	Brioude (Occitan: Briude) is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in the Auvergne region in south-central France.	Brioude	France
country	Mörbylånga is a locality situated on the southern part of the island of Öland and is the seat of Mörbylånga Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 1,780 inhabitants in 2010.	Mörbylånga	Sweden
country	Andenes Church (Norwegian: Andenes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Andenes Church	Norway
country	Bát Tràng (literally: bát is bowl and tràng is workshop) is an old, well established village in the Gia Lâm district of Hanoi, the capital city of Vietnam.	Bát Tràng	Vietnam
country	Zhonglupu Town (simplified Chinese: 中路铺镇; traditional Chinese: 中路鋪鎮; pinyin: Zhōnglùpù Zhèn) is an urban town in Xiangtan County, Xiangtan City, Hunan Province, People's Republic of China.	Zhonglupu	People's Republic of China
country	Peterborough Airport, (IATA: YPQ, ICAO: CYPQ), is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) south-southwest of the city of Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.	Peterborough Airport	Canada
country	Zavolzhsk (Russian: Заво́лжск) is a town and the administrative center of Zavolzhsky District in Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Volga River, opposite Kineshma, and 113 kilometers (70 mi) northeast of Ivanovo, the administrative center of the oblast.	Zavolzhsk	Russia
country	Anafonitria (Greek: Αναφωνήτρια) is a settlement on Zakynthos island, Greece.	Anafonitria	Greece
country	The Universidad Pontificia de México (Pontifical University of Mexico) is a private institution of higher education established by the Holy See and sponsored by the Roman Catholic Episcopate in Mexico.	Universidad Pontificia de México	Mexico
country	Mount Hamiguitan is a mountain located in the province of Davao Oriental, Philippines.	Mount Hamiguitan	Philippines
country	Canillejas is a very ancient village of Madrid, Spain, lying to the east of the city.	Canillejas	Spain
country	Kozłowiec Transmitter (RTCN Kozłowiec) is a 213 metre tall guyed mast for FM and TV situated at Kozłowiec, Masovian Voivodeship in Poland.	Kozłowiec Transmitter	Poland
country	Przesiadłów (pʂɛˈɕadwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Przesiadłów	Poland
country	The Maghain Aboth Synagogue is a synagogue in Singapore.	Maghain Aboth Synagogue	Singapore
country	Sellades (Greek: Σελλάδες) is a village in the municipal unit of Kompoti in the regional unit of Arta, Greece.	Sellades	Greece
country	Shinuhayr (Armenian: Շինուհայր, also Romanized as Shinuayr and Shinuair) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik province of Armenia.	Shinuhayr	Armenia
country	Island Eastern Corridor (IEC) is an expressway along the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Island Eastern Corridor	Hong Kong
country	Minochi Dam (Japanese: 水内ダム) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1943.	Minochi Dam	Japan
country	Benteng Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Tangerang, Indonesia and owned by the Tangerang state government.	Benteng Stadium	Indonesia
country	Tell Sabi Abyad (Arabic: تل صبي أبيض‎) is an archaeological site in the Balikh River valley in northern Syria.	Tell Sabi Abyad	Syria
country	La Silla Observatory is an astronomical observatory in Chile with three telescopes built and operated by the European Southern Observatory (ESO).	La Silla Observatory	Chile
country	The Alto Paranaíba is one of the ten planning regions of the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil.	Alto Paranaíba	Brazil
country	Ukkovaara is the second highest peak in Raahe, Finland.	Ukkovaara	Finland
country	Lake Karachay (Russian: Карача́й), sometimes spelled Karachai or Karachaj, is a small lake in the southern Ural mountains in central Russia.	Lake Karachay	Russia
country	Orgoroso is a village or populated centre in the Paysandú Department of western Uruguay.	Orgoroso	Uruguay
country	The group ``Cantori di Carpino'' (Carpino Singers), by reinterpreting ancient tarantellas, has enabled the development of a broadly articulated project regarding the traditional popular music of southern Italy.	Carpino	Italy
country	Néchin is a village in Belgium and part of the municipality of Estaimpuis.	Néchin	Belgium
country	Chapelle-sur-Moudon is a former municipality in the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Chapelle-sur-Moudon	Switzerland
country	Order, Law and Justice (Bulgarian: Ред, законност и справедливост, Red, zakonnost i spravedlivost), abbreviated to RZS, is a conservative political party in Bulgaria.	Order, Law and Justice	Bulgaria
country	Ulhówek (ulˈxuvɛk) is a village in Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Ulhówek	Poland
country	St Joseph's Māori Girls' College or Hato Hōhepa is a Catholic, integrated, boarding and day college in Taradale, New Zealand for girls in Year 7 to Year 13.	St Joseph's Māori Girls' College	New Zealand
country	Il Bolaghi (Persian: ايل بلاغي ‎, also Romanized as Īl Bolāghī and Īlbolāghī; also known as Shāh Bolāghī) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District, Qarah Quyun District, Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Il Bolaghi	Iran
country	Lake Milh (Arabic: بحيرة ملح‎, literally Sea of Salt, pronounced Bahr al-Milh), also known as Razzaza Lake, is located a few miles west of Karbala, Iraq (32°41′N 43°40′E).	Lake Milh	Iraq
country	Wöllmarshausen is a village in the Garte valley in the municipality (Gemeinde) Gleichen in the district Göttingen, Germany.	Wöllmarshausen	Germany
country	The Ermita de San Antonio de Padua (``Chapel of St. Anthony of Padua'') is n chapel located on the slopes of Monte Hacho in Ceuta, one of Spain's city in the North of Africa.	Ermita de San Antonio	Spain
country	Cootamundra is a town in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia and within the Riverina.	Cootamundra	Australia
country	Svetlograd (Russian: Светлогра́д) is a town and the administrative center of Petrovsky District in Stavropol Krai, Russia, located on the Kalaus River, 85 kilometers (53 mi) northeast of Stavropol, the administrative center of the krai.	Svetlograd	Russia
country	Sandland Chapel (Norwegian: Sandland kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county, Norway.	Sandland Chapel	Norway
country	Kysak railway station (Slovak: Železničná stanica Kysak) serves the village and municipality of Kysak, in the Košice Region, eastern Slovakia.	Kysak railway station	Slovakia
country	Market Street, Fremantle is the location of the Fremantle Post Office in Fremantle, Western Australia.	Market Street, Fremantle	Australia
country	Las Leñas is one of the largest Andean ski resorts in Argentina, located in the western part of Mendoza Province, together with Cerro Catedral in San Carlos de Bariloche, Rio Negro province.	Las Leñas	Argentina
country	Amparihy-Bejofo is a town in western Madagascar in Mahajanga Province approximately 150 kilometres south-west of Mahajanga.	Amparihy-Bejofo	Madagascar
country	In 2002 Sisler High School's partnership with IBM was recognized with the ``Conference Board of Canada RBC Royal Bank Partners in Education'' Award.	Sisler High School	Canada
country	Sabz Gajin (Persian: سبزگجين‎, also Romanized as Sabz Gajīn; also known as Sabz Kajīn) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sabz Gajin	Iran
country	Uhersko (literally Hungaria in Czech) is a small village near Holice in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Uhersko	Czech Republic
country	The Shire of Kondinin is a local government area in the Eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 300 kilometres (186 mi) east of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Kondinin	Australia
country	Anton Diabelli, composer, born in Mattsee on September 6, 1781, died on April 8, 1858 in Vienna Dorothea Seyss-Inquart, daughter of Arthur Seyss-Inquart (born 7 May 1928, still alive as of 2008, living in Mattsee, Upper Austria).	Mattsee	Austria
country	Dublin Docklands (Irish: Ceantar Dugaí Átha Cliath) is an area of the city of Dublin, Ireland, on both sides of the River Liffey, roughly from Talbot Memorial Bridge eastwards to the 3Arena.	Dublin Docklands	Ireland
country	Beda Fomm is a small coastal town in southwestern Cyrenaica, Libya located between the much larger port city Benghazi to its north and the larger town of El Agheila further to the southwest.	Beda Fomm	Libya
country	Mazraeh-ye Bahram Pishgar (Persian: مزرعه بهرام پيشگر‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bahrām Pīshgar) is a village in Sefidar Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Bahram Pishgar	Iran
country	Anatom Airport (IATA: AUY, ICAO: NVVA), also known as Aneityum Airport, is an airfield serving the island of Anatom (Aneityum), in the Taféa province in Vanuatu.	Anatom Airport	Vanuatu
country	Construction of the Royal City Curling Club in New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada, began in August 1965, and was completed in January 1966.	Royal City Curling Club	Canada
country	Bray Daly railway station (Stáisiún Bhré / Uí Dhálaigh in Irish) is a station situated in Bray in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Bray Daly railway station	Ireland
country	Mayfield Falls is a waterfall in Jamaica that comprises twenty one widely spaced small cascades on the Mayfield River, a tributary of the Cabarita River Mayfield Falls is in Glenbrook Westmoreland Jamaica.	Mayfield Falls	Jamaica
country	Adityapur is a town in India named after Raja Aditya Pratap Singh Deo, the last ruler of Saraikela.	Adityapur	India
country	Hondura de Huebra is a small village in the Barbalos municipality of Salamanca, Spain.	Hondura de Huebra	Spain
country	Qeshlaq-e Sadi Kandi (Persian: قشلاق سدي كندي‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Sadī Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Sadi Kandi	Iran
country	The Rajiv Gandhi Combined Cycle Power Plant (also known as Rajiv Gandhi CCPP Kayamkulam or NTPC Kayamkulam) is a combined cycle power plant located at Choolatheruvu in Alappuzha district, Kerala, India.	Rajiv Gandhi Combined Cycle Power Plant	India
country	Sarkhai Beyglu (Persian: سرخاي بيگلو‎, also Romanized as Sarkhāī Beyglū) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sarkhai Beyglu	Iran
country	Plessala (Breton: Plesala) is a former commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plessala	France
country	Beniamin (Armenian: Բենիամին; until 1945, Jlovkhan or Chlokhan) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Beniamin	Armenia
country	Dulalthok is a village located in Panchkhal Municipality of Kabhrepalanchok, Nepal.	Dulalthok	Nepal
country	The Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) is a British government agency that investigates rail accidents in the United Kingdom and the Channel Tunnel in order to find a cause, not to lay blame.	Rail Accident Investigation Branch	United Kingdom
country	Laiuse Castle (Estonian: Laiuse ordulinnus, German: Schloß Lais) was a Livonian Order castle in Laiusevälja, Jõgeva Parish, Estonia.	Laiuse Castle	Estonia
country	The Zec de la Grande-Rivière is a ``zone d'exploitation contrôlée'' (controlled harvesting zone) (zec) in the unorganized territory of Mont-Alexandre, in Le Rocher-Percé Regional County Municipality, in administrative region of Gaspésie-Îles-de-la-Madeleine, in Quebec, in Canada.	Zec de la Grande-Rivière	Canada
country	The Naalakkersuisut is the Government of Greenland, who are responsible for the administration of the Greenlandic Self-Government.	Naalakkersuisut	Greenland
country	Mali Okič (pronounced (ˈmaːli ˈoːkitʃ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cirkulane in the Haloze area of eastern Slovenia.	Mali Okič	Slovenia
country	The Rabulist riots or Crusenstolpe riots (Swedish Crusenstolpe-kravallerna) took place in Stockholm, Sweden, in summer 1838 following the Lèse-majesté conviction of journalist Magnus Jacob Crusenstolpe.	Rabulist riots	Sweden
country	Hansa Emporium (Finnish: Hansakortteli) is a shopping centre in the city centre of Turku, in Finland.	Hansa Emporium	Finland
country	Brzozowo-Chrzczony (bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈxʂt͡ʂɔnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzozowo-Chrzczony	Poland
country	Investigator Group Wilderness Protection Area is a protected area located in the Investigator Group of islands off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia between 25 kilometres (16 mi) to 70 kilometres (43 mi) south-west of Elliston.	Investigator Group Wilderness Protection Area	Australia
country	Kidomole is a town in southern Tanzania, lying on the coastal plain.	Kidomole	Tanzania
country	Dalelnagar is a town located in Auraiya district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Dalelnagar	India
country	North Reef Light is an active lighthouse located on North Reef, a 5.6 square kilometres (2.2 sq mi) planar reef, about 120 kilometres (75 mi) northeast of Gladstone, Queensland, Australia in the Capricorn and Bunker Group.	North Reef Light	Australia
country	Shanti Nagar (Urdu: شانتی نگر‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gulshan Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Shanti Nagar	Pakistan
country	Bir-e Rasul Bakhsh (Persian: بيررسول بخش‎, also Romanized as Bīr-e Rasūl Bakhsh; also known as Bīr) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bir-e Rasul Bakhsh	Iran
country	Prazzo is comune of the province of Cuneo, in Piedmont, northern Italy.	Prazzo	Italy
country	Gatersleben (German pronunciation: (ˈɡaːtɐsleːbən)) is a village and a former municipality in the district Salzlandkreis, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Gatersleben	Germany
country	Kudat Division is an administrative division in the state of Sabah, Malaysia.	Kudat Division	Malaysia
country	The Camaquã River (Portuguese pronunciation: (kamakuˈɐ̃ or kamaˈkwɐ̃)) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.	Camaquã River	Brazil
country	Punta Indio Naval Air Base (Spanish: Base Aeronaval Punta Indio, ICAO: SAAI) is a military airport operated by the Argentine Naval Aviation located near Punta Indio, Buenos Aires province, Argentina.	Punta Indio Naval Air Base	Argentina
country	Museu de la Xocolata (Catalan for ``Museum of Chocolate'') is a private museum in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, owned by the Gremi de Pastisseria de Barcelona (the city pastry-makers' guild).	Museu de la Xocolata	Spain
country	Berisso is the seat of the partido of Berisso in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Berisso	Argentina
country	Wrzosowa (vʐɔˈsɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wrzosowa	Poland
country	Holit (Hebrew: חוֹלִית, lit. Dune) is a kibbutz in the Hevel Shalom region of south-west Israel.	Holit	Israel
country	Dešen (pronounced (ˈdəʃən); in older sources also Dešnje, German: Deschne) is a settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Dešen	Slovenia
country	Bedok Mall (Chinese: 勿落广场) is a large suburban shopping mall in Bedok, Singapore and part of a mixed development compromising of retail and residential development that is integrated with a bus interchange, which opened on 30 November 2014.	Bedok Mall	Singapore
country	El Musel is a seaport located in Asturias, in the north of Spain, and in the middle point of the Cantabrian Sea coast it has the Port of Gijón which is a gateway to Europe through the A-66 and A-8 highways, allowing direct access to the western and centre of the Iberian Peninsula.	El Musel	Spain
country	Karim Moharab (Persian: كريم محارب‎, also Romanized as Karīm Moḥārab) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Karim Moharab	Iran
country	Mago River (or Magi River) is a river of southern Ethiopia, entirely located in the Debub Omo Zone of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's Region.	Mago River	Ethiopia
country	Snarum Station (originally Lofthus Station) is a railway station on the Krøder Line in Buskerud, Norway.	Snarum Station	Norway
country	Tamaulipas State Highway 1 is a highway that stretches form Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas Mexico west to Nuevo Leon State Highway 1 on the Nuevo Leon / Tamaulipas borderline.	Tamaulipas State Highway 1	Mexico
country	Kasejovice is a town in the Czech Republic , part of the Plzeň-south District.	Kasejovice	Czech Republic
country	Untvad is a village near the Taluka headquarters Babra in Amreli district of Gujarat in the country of India.	Untvad	India
country	The Water Avenue Bridge is a highway bridge that carries the Trans Canada Highway across the Fraser river.	Water Avenue Bridge	Canada
country	Westlock (Hnatko Farms) Aerodrome, (TC LID: CHF3), is located 10 nautical miles (19 km; 12 mi) west of Westlock, Alberta, Canada.	Westlock (Hnatko Farms) Aerodrome	Canada
country	Tel Te'omim (Hebrew: תֵּל תְּאוֹמִים) is a communal settlement in the Beit She'an valley in northern Israel.	Tel Te'omim	Israel
country	The Swedish Institute at Athens (Swedish: Svenska Institutet I Athen; Greek: Σουηδικό Ινστιτούτο Αθηνών) is one of the 17 foreign archaeological institutes operating in Athens, Greece.	Swedish Institute at Athens	Greece
country	The Villa di Castello, in the hills near Florence, Tuscany, central Italy, was the country residence of Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany (1519-1574).	Villa di Castello	Italy
country	Golasowice (ɡɔlasɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowice, within Pszczyna County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Golasowice	Poland
country	Seaport-Airport Road (SPAP Road) is a four-lane, 30 km (19 mi) highway from Cochin seaport to the Cochin International Airport developed to improve the transport infrastructure in the Kochi city, India.	Seaport-Airport Road	India
country	The ruins of Žumberk Castle (Czech: Hrad Žumberk) can be found next to the village of Žumberk in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Žumberk Castle	Czech Republic
country	Doroodzan Dam is an earthen dam in Fars Province, Iran, about 85 kilometres (53 mi) north of Shiraz.	Doroodzan Dam	Iran
country	Lousã (Portuguese pronunciation: (lowˈzɐ̃)) is a municipality in the district of Coimbra, in the central part of Portugal.	Lousã	Portugal
country	The Barbuda People's Movement for Change is a political party in Barbuda, part of Antigua and Barbuda.	Barbuda People's Movement for Change	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Kakaban island is part of the Derawan Islands, East Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Kakaban	Indonesia
country	The Canadian National Vimy Memorial is a memorial site in France dedicated to the memory of Canadian Expeditionary Force members killed during the First World War.	Canadian National Vimy Memorial	France
country	Mukhrovani (Georgian: მუხროვანი) is a village in Kakheti, Georgia, within which is a military base involved in the 2009 Georgian troop mutiny and an earlier mutiny by 60 soldiers on December 20, 2004.	Mukhrovani	Georgia
country	The American School of Paris (ASP) is a private coeducational day school located in Saint-Cloud, a suburb of Paris, France.	American School of Paris	France
country	Rheinsberg is a town and a municipality in the Ostprignitz-Ruppin district, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Rheinsberg	Germany
country	Basqynshy (Kazakh: Басқұншы) is a village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Basqynshy	Kazakhstan
country	As of 2011 population census of India, Adirampattinam has a population of 31,066 Males constitute 47.95%(14897) of the population and females 52.04%(16169).	Adirampattinam	India
country	Hamm (German pronunciation: (ˈham), Latin: Hammona) is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Hamm	Germany
country	Lokaltog A/S (Danish: Local Train) is a Danish railway company responsible for train operation and related passenger services on nine local railways on the islands of Zealand, Lolland and Falster in Denmark.	Lokaltog	Denmark
country	Hallingskeid Station (Norwegian: Hallingskeid stasjon) is a train station on the Bergensbanen line in the municipality of Ulvik in Hordaland county, Norway.	Hallingskeid Station	Norway
country	Jagodina Airport is situated in the close vicinity of Jagodina, Serbia about 5 kilometres northwest of town centre.	Jagodina Airport	Serbia
country	The Old Gaffers Association (OGA - The Association for Gaff Rig Sailing) is an unincorporated association formed in 1963 in the United Kingdom to promote the use of the Gaff rig.	Old Gaffers Association	United Kingdom
country	Ayjan (Persian: ايجان‎, also Romanized as Ayjān, Ejān, and Eyjān; also known as Ichān and Īshān) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Ayjan	Iran
country	Mtirala National Park (Georgian: მტირალას ეროვნული პარკი; meaning ``to cry''; previously, Tsiskara Reserve) is a protected area in Adjara region, Georgia.	Mtirala National Park	Georgia
country	Barabai is the capital city of Hulu Sungai Tengah Regency, South Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Barabai	Indonesia
country	Lake Segozero (Russian: Сегозеро, Finnish: Seesjärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia, northwestern part of Russia.	Lake Segozero	Russia
country	Saint Petersburg State University of Service and Economics (Russian: Санкт-Петербургский государственный университет сервиса и экономики) was a university in Russia, located in Saint Petersburg.	Saint Petersburg State University of Service and Economics	Russia
country	Mestervik Chapel (Norwegian: Mestervik kapell / Meistervik kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county, Norway.	Mestervik Chapel	Norway
country	West Island Conservation Park is a protected area occupying both West Island and Seal Island in coastal waters near Victor Harbor in South Australia.	West Island Conservation Park	Australia
country	Burane is a town in the southeastern Shabeellaha Dhexe province of Somalia.	Burane	Somalia
country	The Jardin botanique des Pyrénées occidentales, associated with the specialist nursery Florama, is a private botanical garden and arboretum located at 42, route de Morlaàs, Saint-Jammes, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, Aquitaine, France.	Jardin botanique des Pyrénées occidentales	France
country	Mowtowr-e Ali Qasem (Persian: موتورعلي قاسم‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAlī Qāsem) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Ali Qasem	Iran
country	Stortorget (Swedish: The Big Square) is a small public square in Gamla Stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Stortorget	Sweden
country	Bérchules is a village and municipality in the central Alpujarra, in the province of Granada in Spain.	Bérchules	Spain
country	These page shows the results of the 2004 European Beach Volleyball Championships, held from June 9 to June 13, 2004 in Timmendorfer Strand, Germany.	2004 European Beach Volleyball Championships	Germany
country	Tadjena (Arabic: تدجنة‎) (formerly Fromentin) is a town in the Dahra mountains in Chlef Province in central Algeria, with a population of about 23,000; its altitude is 438 m.	Tadjena	Algeria
country	Villa Muti is a villa in Frascati, Italy, now in the communal territory of Grottaferrata.	Villa Muti	Italy
country	Dhok Gujran is a landfill near Rawalpindi, Pakistan.	Dhok Gujran	Pakistan
country	Rignabatak (Persian: ريگ نباتك‎, also Romanized as Rīgnabātak) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rignabatak	Iran
country	Wäiski is a restaurant ship located in Merihaka, Helsinki, Finland.	Wäiski	Finland
country	Leskovca (pronounced (ˈleːskɔu̯tsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Leskovca	Slovenia
country	Roodepoort is a city in the Greater Johannesburg area, Gauteng, South Africa.	Roodepoort	South Africa
country	Jedwabne ((jɛdˈvabnɛ); Yiddish: יעדוואבנע‎, Yedvabna) is a town in Poland, in the Podlaskie Voivodeship, in Łomża County, with 1,942 inhabitants (2002).	Jedwabne	Poland
country	Beni Suef, (Egyptian Arabic: بنى سويف Baniswēf, IPA: (bænisˈweːf); Coptic: Ⲡⲁⲛⲓⲥⲱϥ Panisōf) is the capital city of the Beni Suef Governorate in Egypt.	Beni Suef	Egypt
country	Lima Gavabar (Persian: ليماگوابر‎, also Romanized as Līmā Gavābar; also known as Līmā Gūr) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lima Gavabar	Iran
country	The Centre Algerien de la Cinematographie is a film archive in Algeria.	Centre Algerien de la Cinematographie	Algeria
country	Mvuma is a small mining town in Midlands province in Zimbabwe.	Mvuma	Zimbabwe
country	Osęka (ɔˈsɛŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Osęka	Poland
country	Gozdnica (ɡɔzdˈɲit͡sa) (German: Freiwaldau) is a town in Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,804 inhabitants (2004).	Gozdnica	Poland
country	Tradate is a city and comune located in the province of Varese, in the Lombardy region of northern Italy.	Tradate	Italy
country	Abughilan National Park is a national park of Libya.	Abughilan National Park	Libya
country	Orehovo (pronounced (ɔˈɾeːxɔʋɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Orehovo	Slovenia
country	Yarra Hills Secondary College (formerly Pembroke Secondary College) is a secondary school in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Australia.	Yarra Hills Secondary College	Australia
country	The Trenčín Castle (Slovak: Trenčiansky hrad, Hungarian: trencséni vár) is a castle above the town of Trenčín in western Slovakia.	Trenčín Castle	Slovakia
country	The Bogor Botanical Gardens (Indonesian: Kebun Raya Bogor) is a botanical garden located in Bogor, Indonesia, 60 km south of Jakarta.	Bogor Botanical Gardens	Indonesia
country	Kvissel is a small village and railway town in Vendsyssel, Denmark.	Kvissel	Denmark
country	Absharan-e Sofla (Persian: ابشاران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ābshārān-e Soflá) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Naghan District, Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Absharan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Bambuyan (Persian: بمبويان‎, also Romanized as Bambūyān; also known as Bambeyūn and Bambīūn) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bambuyan	Iran
country	Parakkai Lake is a lake in Kanniyakumari district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Parakkai Lake	India
country	01708 is the national dialling code for Romford in the United Kingdom.	01708	United Kingdom
country	The Order of Leopold II is an order of Belgium and is named in honor of King Léopold II. The decoration was established on 24 August 1900 by Leopold II as king of the Congo Free State and was in 1908, upon Congo being handed over to Belgium, incorporated into the Belgian awards system.	Order of Leopold II	Belgium
country	Kalewa is a town at the confluence of the Chindwin River and the Myittha River in Kale District, Sagaing Division of northwestern Burma (Myanmar).	Kalewa	Myanmar
country	NorGer is one of planned electricity cables between Germany and Norway.	NorGer	Germany
country	Bir Hadaj (Arabic: بئر هداج‎; Hebrew: 'ביר הדאג‎) is a Bedouin agricultural town located in the Negev desert, near Revivim, Israel.	Bir Hadaj	Israel
country	Sizihwan (Chinese: 西子灣; Hanyu Pinyin: Xīzǐwān; Tongyong Pinyin: Sizǐhwan) is a community in Gushan District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan, named for the adjacent bay of the Taiwan Strait, also called Sizihwan.	Sizihwan	Taiwan
country	Okstindan is a mountain range which lies in the inner Helgeland district in Nordland county, Norway.	Okstindan	Norway
country	K. L. Arya DAV Public School is a public, English medium, senior secondary co-educational school situated in Hisar city of Haryana, India.	K. L. Arya DAV Public School	India
country	Kovanluk is a suburban community in the municipality of Kraljevo, Serbia.	Kovanluk	Serbia
country	Cherrybrook Technology High School is a purpose built Technology High School located at 28 - 44 Purchase Road, Cherrybrook NSW, Australia.	Cherrybrook Technology High School	Australia
country	Añorbe is a town and municipality located in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Añorbe	Spain
country	Duncan Down is an open, public, area to the south west of Whitstable and is the largest village green in the United Kingdom.	Duncan Down	United Kingdom
country	Mullins Harbour is a natural harbour on the southeastern coast of Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.	Mullins Harbour	Papua New Guinea
country	Pontgibaud is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme départment in Auvergne in central France.	Pontgibaud	France
country	Boulevard Anspach (French) or Anspachlaan (Dutch) is a major boulevard in the city centre of Brussels, Belgium, connecting the Place de Brouckère/de Brouckèreplein to the Place Fontainas/Fontainasplein.	Boulevard Anspach	Belgium
country	Rozwozin (rɔzˈvɔʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rozwozin	Poland
country	Jagestan (Persian: جگستان‎, also Romanized as Jagestān) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jagestan	Iran
country	Ważyny (vaˈʐɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłowo, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ważyny	Poland
country	Yeniqışlaq (also, Imeni Dvadtsat''-Shesti Bakinskiskikh Komissarov, Yeni-Kishlag, Yeni-Kishlak, and Yenikyshlak) is a village and municipality in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yeniqışlaq	Azerbaijan
country	Öyrət (also, Oryat) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Öyrət	Azerbaijan
country	Huapai is a locality north-west of Auckland, New Zealand.	Huapai	New Zealand
country	Hi-Fi Centar was a record label based in Belgrade, Serbia.	Hi-Fi Centar	Serbia
country	Məşədiqulular (also, Meshadikulular) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Məşədiqulular	Azerbaijan
country	Horbategh (Armenian: Հորբատեղ, also Romanized as Gorbatekh, Orbatekh, and Gorbatakh) is a town in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Horbategh	Armenia
country	Lundehaugen Upper Secondary School (Norwegian: Lundehaugen videregående skole) was an upper secondary school in the municipality of Sandnes, Norway.	Lundehaugen Upper Secondary School	Norway
country	Akim Oda is a town in south Ghana and is the capital of the Birim Central Municipal District, a district in the Eastern Region of south Ghana.	Akim Oda	Ghana
country	Wat Phra Phutthabat (Thai: วัดพระพุทธบาท) is a Buddhist temple in Saraburi, Thailand.	Wat Phra Phutthabat	Thailand
country	Compaq at one point operated its Switzerland offices in Bassersdorf.	Bassersdorf	Switzerland
country	The Setia Alam Highway or Persiaran Setia Alam, Federal Route is a major highway in Selangor, Malaysia.	Setia Alam Highway	Malaysia
country	The Plaza de la Candelaria, is a square in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain), which is located next to the Plaza de España.	Plaza de la Candelaria	Spain
country	Néfiach (Catalan: Nefiac) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Néfiach	France
country	Qezel Qaleh-ye Pain (Persian: قزل قلعه پائين‎, also Romanized as Qezel Qal``eh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 106, in 20 families.	Qezel Qaleh-ye Pain	Iran
country	The Valle Germanasca is a valley in the province of Turin, Piedmont, north-western Italy run by the Germanasca stream, a right affluent of the Chisone.	Valle Germanasca	Italy
country	The Spanish Legion (Spanish: Legión Española, La Legión), informally known as the Tercio or the Tercios, is a unit of the Spanish Army and Spain's Rapid Reaction Force.	Spanish Legion	Spain
country	Zawiaty (zaˈvjatɨ) (Kashubian: Zôwiat, German Saviat, 1938-1945 Seeblick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zawiaty	Poland
country	Zasip (pronounced (ˈzaːsip)) is a village in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zasip	Slovenia
country	Dzhany-Alysh (also Jany-Alysh or Atayke) is a village in the Kemin District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Dzhany-Alysh	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Church of La Concepción (in Spanish: iglesia de la Concepción) is a neogothic catholic temple in Madrid, Spain.	Church of La Concepción	Spain
country	Frøyset Church (Norwegian: Frøyset kyrkje) is a parish church in Masfjorden in Hordaland county, Norway.	Frøyset Church	Norway
country	Starominskaya (Russian: Староминская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) and the administrative center of Starominsky District in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Starominskaya	Russia
country	Quriwasi (Quechua quri gold, wasi house, ``gold house'', hispanicized spelling Corihuasi) is a mountain in the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Quriwasi	Peru
country	Paornivik Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Paornivik Island	Greenland
country	Vypuchki (Ukrainian: Випучки, German: Ugartsberg, Polish: Wypuczki or Wypuczko) is an abandoned village in Drohobych Raion, Lviv Oblast, in west Ukraine.	Vypuchki	Ukraine
country	Chiatura (Georgian: ჭიათურა) is a city in the Imereti region of Western Georgia.	Chiatura	Georgia
country	Sveriges Television AB (SVT, Swedish: (ˈsværjɛs tɛlɛvɪˈɧuːn)), Sweden's Television, is the Swedish national public TV broadcaster, funded by a television licence fee payable by all owners of television sets, and set by the Riksdag.	Sveriges Television	Sweden
country	Kvamskogen (lit. Kvam forest) is a mountain plateau in the Hardanger region of Hordaland county, Norway.	Kvamskogen	Norway
country	Nierybie (ɲɛˈrɨbjɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nierybie	Poland
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 210 or U 210 is the Rundata catalog listing for a Viking Age memorial runic inscription which is carved on a rock-face that is located in Åsta, which is three kilometers east of Vallentuna, Stockholm County, Sweden, and in the historic province of Uppland.	Uppland Runic Inscription 210	Sweden
country	Talamone is a town in Tuscany, on the west coast of central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Orbetello, province of Grosseto, in the Tuscan Maremma.	Talamone	Italy
country	Sandsfjorden or Sandsfjord is a fjord in Suldal Municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Sandsfjord	Norway
country	Chetaïbi (formerly Herbillon) is a small fishing port in Annaba Province, Algeria located at approximately 70 km in the west of Annaba.	Chetaïbi	Algeria
country	The Milton Ulladulla Times is an English language newspaper published in Ulladulla New South Wales, Australia.	Milton Ulladulla Times	Australia
country	Al Falaah College is an alternative, independent school situated in the coastal city of Durban, in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Al Falaah College	South Africa
country	Manof (Hebrew: מָנוֹף) is a community settlement in the Misgav Regional Council in northern Israel.	Manof	Israel
country	Dəmbəlov (also, Tambalau) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dəmbəlov	Azerbaijan
country	The Mississauga Transitway is a bus rapid transit system (BRT) under construction in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, spanning most of the city from Winston Churchill Boulevard to the junction of Highways 401 and 427 in the city of Toronto.	Mississauga Transitway	Canada
country	The Rocky Hollow Log Ride is a log flume located in the Rocky Hollow section of the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast, Australia.	Rocky Hollow Log Ride	Australia
country	Hanoi Architectural University (other name: Hanoi University of Architecture, Vietnamese: Đại học Kiến trúc Hà Nội) is a public research university located in Hanoi, Vietnam, specializing in architecture, planning, and civil engineering education and research.	Hanoi Architectural University	Vietnam
country	The Museum of Precinema (in Italian: Museo del Precinema) is a museum in the Palazzo Angeli, Prato della Valle, Padua, Italy, related to the history of precinema, or precursors of film.	Museum of Precinema	Italy
country	The Gulf of Salerno is a gulf of the Tyrrhenian Sea in the coast of the province of Salerno in south-western Italy.	Gulf of Salerno	Italy
country	Gaillac (French pronunciation: ​(ɡajak); Occitan: Galhac) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.	Gaillac	France
country	Neubrandenburg Airport (IATA: FNB, ICAO: EDBN) is a public airport and former military airbase located in Trollenhagen, some 6 km (3.7 miles) north-east of Neubrandenburg in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Neubrandenburg Airport	Germany
country	Nostang (Breton: Lostenk) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Nostang	France
country	Melia Barcelona Hotel is a skyscraper and hotel in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Melia Barcelona Hotel	Spain
country	General Enrique Martínez, also known as La Charqueada, is a village in the Treinta y Tres Department of eastern Uruguay.	General Enrique Martínez	Uruguay
country	Hadžići (Cyrillic: Хаџићи) is a town and a municipality located south west of Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Hadžići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Le Morne Brabant is a peninsula at the extreme southwestern tip of the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius on the windward side of the island.	Le Morne Brabant	Mauritius
country	The Muséum de Toulouse, sometimes known as MHNT or Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle de la ville de Toulouse, is a museum of natural history in Toulouse, France.	Muséum de Toulouse	France
country	Aydarly (Kazakh: Айдарлы) is a village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Aydarly	Kazakhstan
country	Woszczele (vɔʂˈt͡ʂɛlɛ) (German: Woszczellen (1928-38:Woszellen; 1938-45:Neumalken)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Woszczele	Poland
country	Amuda or Amouda (Arabic: عامودا‎ 'Āmūdā, Kurdish: Amûdê‎) is a town in Al Hasakah Governorate) in northeastern Syria close to the border with Turkey.	Amuda	Syria
country	Shanbeh Bar Gah (Persian: شنبه بر گاه‎, also Romanized as Shanbeh Bar Gāh) is a village in Ashar Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Shanbeh Bar Gah	Iran
country	Cagnina di Romagna is an Italian wine-producing zone in Emilia-Romagna region, in northeastern Italy.	Cagnina di Romagna	Italy
country	The Almus Dam (Almus Barajı in Turkish) is an earthen embankment dam that is near the town of Almus (28 kilometers East of Tokat city in center north of Turkey) and is located on the River Yesilirmak which runs into the Black Sea.	Almus Dam	Turkey
country	Dhanbad Airport (IATA: DBD, ICAO: VEDB) is a public airport located at Dhanbad, in the state of Jharkhand, India.	Dhanbad Airport	India
country	Lycksjön is a lake of Södermanland, Sweden, inside the Tyresta National Park.	Lycksjön	Sweden
country	Sveto (pronounced (sʋɛˈtoː); Italian: Sutta) is a village northwest of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Sveto	Slovenia
country	Surjani Town (Urdu: سرجانی ٹاؤن‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gadap Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Surjani Town	Pakistan
country	Belcodène is a commune situated east of Marseille in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France.	Belcodène	France
country	Fauvillers (German: Feitweiler, Luxembourgish: Fäteler, Walloon: Faiviè) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg.	Fauvillers	Belgium
country	The branch office FH federation (specialist area public security) Heimerzheim serves among other things the Federal Intelligence Service (Bundesnachrichtendienst), the Federal Criminal Police Office (Germany) (Bundeskriminalamt) as well as the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (Verfassungsschutz) as training centre.	Heimerzheim	Germany
country	Yahar (Persian: يهر‎) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Yahar	Iran
country	Bunčići (Serbian Cyrillic: Бунчићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bunčići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Mälaren Line (Swedish: Mälarbanan) is a railway line from Stockholm via Västerås to Örebro in Sweden.	Mälaren Line	Sweden
country	Najran (Arabic: نجران‎ Najrān), is a city in southwestern Saudi Arabia near the border with Yemen.	Najran	Saudi Arabia
country	Wójeczka (vuˈjɛt͡ʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wójeczka	Poland
country	Kršanje (Serbian Cyrillic: Кршање) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia.	Kršanje	Serbia
country	Otakhlar is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Otakhlar	Azerbaijan
country	Lauwaki is the second largest village (after Viseisei) in the Vuda district, Ba Province in the Western side of Viti Levu, Fiji.	Lauwaki	Fiji
country	Marinella di Selinunte is a frazione in Castelvetrano in Trapani Province, Sicily, Italy.	Marinella di Selinunte	Italy
country	The Faculdade de Engenharia da Universidade do Porto (FEUP) is the engineering faculty of the University of Porto, in Porto, Portugal.	Faculdade de Engenharia da Universidade do Porto	Portugal
country	To start with, Theater der Zeit provided information about theatre in the fledgling German Democratic Republic (GDR, AKA East Germany) and abroad.	Theater der Zeit	Germany
country	Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (commonly referred to as Ichilov Hospital) is the main hospital serving Tel Aviv, Israel, and its metropolitan area.	Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center	Israel
country	The Bourke Isles are a group of islands in the Torres Strait Islands archipelago, located west of the Cumberland Passage in the Torres Strait in Queensland, Australia.	Bourke Isles	Australia
country	Ilougane: is a small village located in the outskirts of Béjaïa and its neighbouring Bordj Bou Arréridj in Algeria.	Ilougane	Algeria
country	Luotian County (simplified Chinese: 罗田县; traditional Chinese: 羅田縣; pinyin: Luótián Xiàn) is a county of eastern Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Luotian County	People's Republic of China
country	The Ritz-Carlton Toronto is a hotel and luxury condominium skyscraper in Toronto, Canada.	Ritz-Carlton Toronto	Canada
country	Cape Naturaliste is a headland in the south western region of Western Australia at the western edge of the Geographe Bay.	Cape Naturaliste	Australia
country	Vladimir-Volynsky Uyezd was an administrative subdivision (an uyezd) of Volhynian Governorate in the Russian Empire.	Vladimir-Volynsky Uyezd	Russian Empire
country	Wacca Airport (IATA: WAC, ICAO: HAWC) (also known as Tarche Soddo) is an airfield in Wacca, Ethiopia.	Wacca Airport	Ethiopia
country	Wujuh al-Hajar (Arabic: وجه الحجر‎, also spelled Woojeh al-Hajjar) is a village in western Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, southwest of Homs.	Wujuh al-Hajar	Syria
country	German submarine U-599 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was a member of four wolfpacks, carried out one patrol and sank no ships.	German submarine U-599	Nazi Germany
country	Pijavice (pronounced (piˈjaːʋitsɛ); German: Piauze) is a small settlement in the Mirna Valley in southeastern Slovenia.	Pijavice	Slovenia
country	Magallanes National Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Nacional Magallanes) is a national reserve of southern Chile's Magallanes and Antártica Chilena Region.	Magallanes National Reserve	Chile
country	The Saône (French: La Saône French pronunciation: ​(soːn); Arpitan Sona, Latin: Arar) is a river of eastern France.	Saône	France
country	Łukom (ˈwukɔm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łukom	Poland
country	The Australasian Athletics Championships was an athletics competition between male athletes principally from Australia and New Zealand that was held between 1893 and 1927.	Australasian Athletics Championships	Australia
country	Edsåsdalen is an alpine ski area in the Åre Municipality in Jämtland County, Sweden.	Edsåsdalen	Sweden
country	The Carbajal Valley (Spanish: Valle Carbajal) is located in the Fuegian Andes of southern Tierra del Fuego Province, Argentina.	Carbajal Valley	Argentina
country	Q'illu Pachaka (Quechua q'illu yellow, hispanicized spelling Jellopachaca) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Q'illu Pachaka	Peru
country	Togdheer River (Somali Wabi Togdheer) is a seasonal river in the Togdheer region of northern Somalia.	Togdheer River	Somalia
country	Wola Osowińska (ˈvɔla ɔsɔˈviɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Osowińska	Poland	Poland
country	Teen Darwaza is a historical gateway on the east of Bhadra Fort, Ahmedabad, India.	Teen Darwaza	India
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America that covers roughly Middle Tennessee.	Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee	United States of America
country	Qukës is a former municipality in the Elbasan County, eastern Albania.	Qukës	Albania
country	The Swedish Transport Administration (Swedish: Trafikverket) is a government agency in Sweden.	Swedish Transport Administration	Sweden
country	Amaras Monastery (Armenian: Ամարաս վանք) is an Armenian monastery in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh, near the village of Sos in the Martuni Province of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, de jure in the Khojavend District of Azerbaijan.	Amaras Monastery	Azerbaijan
country	Vidy is an area of the city of Lausanne (Switzerland), on the shores of Lake Geneva (French: lac Léman).	Vidy	Switzerland
country	Forssa Airfield (ICAO: EFFO) is an airfield in Forssa, Finland, about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) southeast of Forssa town centre.	Forssa Airfield	Finland
country	The Covurlui Plain is located in Galați County, Romania, having an altitude varying between 60 and 200 metres.	Covurlui	Romania
country	Post independence of India, Alipore became popular among the business elite of the city and a large number of them set up home.	Alipore	India
country	Żmigród (ˈʐmiɡrut) (German: Trachenberg) is a town in Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Żmigród	Poland
country	The Diakonisches Werk is a charitable organization of Protestant churches in Germany (Evangelical Church in Germany), Austria as well as numerous free churches.	Diakonisches Werk	Germany
country	Sichan Bolaghi (Persian: سي چان بلاغي‎, also Romanized as Sīchān Bolāghī; also known as Sechān Bolāghī and Sīchān Bolāgh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sichan Bolaghi	Iran
country	Vilar de Mouros is a civil parish (``freguesia'') in the municipality of Caminha, Portugal.	Vilar de Mouros	Portugal
country	Mooroolbark College is a government secondary school situated in Victoria, Australia, near the Dandenong Ranges and the Yarra Valley.	Mooroolbark College	Australia
country	Hotel Danieli, formerly Palazzo Dandolo, is a five-star palatial hotel in Venice, Italy.	Hotel Danieli	Italy
country	Škrajnek (pronounced (ˈʃkɾaːi̯nɛk); in older sources also Skranjek) is a small settlement north of Velike Poljane in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Škrajnek	Slovenia
country	The Young Christian Democrats (Swedish: Kristdemokratiska ungdomsförbundet, KDU) is the youth organization of the Christian Democrats in Sweden.	Young Christian Democrats	Sweden
country	The Argonaut Rowing Club is an amateur rowing club in Toronto, Canada.	Argonaut Rowing Club	Canada
country	Gugeh (Persian: گوگه‎, also Romanized as Gūgeh; also known as Gūger) is a village in Dursun Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Gugeh	Iran
country	Masen (Persian: ماسن‎, also Romanized as Māsen) is a village in Alqurat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Masen	Iran
country	Bakhchysarai Raion (Ukrainian: Бахчисарайський район; Russian: Бахчисарайский район; Crimean Tatar: Bağçasaray rayonı) is one of the 25 regions of Crimea, currently subject to a territorial dispute between the Russian Federation and Ukraine.	Bakhchysarai Raion	Ukraine
country	Petrushkovo (Russian: Петрушково) is a village (selo) in Shablykinsky District of Oryol Oblast, Russia.	Petrushkovo	Russia
country	Lago di Ceresole is an artificial lake in the Province of Turin, Piedmont, northern Italy.	Lago di Ceresole	Italy
country	Nandoni Dam (Nandoni meaning ``the iron smelting ovens'' in Venda language), previously known as the Mutoti Dam, is an earth-fill/concrete type dam in Limpopo province, South Africa.	Nandoni Dam	South Africa
country	Karl Johans gate is the main street of the city of Oslo, Norway.	Karl Johans gate	Norway
country	Ajjampura (PIN-577547) is a small town and a hobli headquarters in Tarikere Taluk in the district of Chikmagalur, Karnataka, India.	Ajjampura	India
country	Q'atawini (Aymara q'atawi lime, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with lime'', hispanicized spelling Catahuini) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Q'atawini	Peru
country	Khökh Serkh (Mongolian: Хөх сэрх, blue buck) with a latitude of 48.05 (48° 3' 2 N) and a longitude of 90.87 (90° 51' 59 E), is a mountain located in west Mongolia.	Khökh Serkh	Mongolia
country	The Balfrin Höhenweg is a high level footpath in Switzerland between Grachen and Saas-Fee and is part of the Monte Rosa tour.	Balfrin Höhenweg	Switzerland
country	Greåker is a borough in the city of Sarpsborg, Norway, located 7 km west of the city centre.	Greåker	Norway
country	Stara (ˈstara) is a village in the administrative district on Gmina Aleksandrów, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stara	Poland
country	Namsos Church (Norwegian: Namsos kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsos in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Namsos Church	Norway
country	Słuszków (ˈswuʂkuf) is a village in Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Słuszków	Poland
country	Kyuquot (pronounced ``ky YOO kit'') is an unincorporated settlement and First Nations Indian reserve community located on Kyuquot Sound on northwestern Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Kyuquot	Canada
country	The Rajasthan Atomic Power Station (RAPS; also Rajasthan Atomic Power Project - RAPP) in India is located about 65 kilometres (40 mi) from Kota by way of the Chambal River, approximately 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) above the dam that holds the Rana Pratap Sagar lake.	Rajasthan Atomic Power Station	India
country	Krstac (Serbian Cyrillic: Крстац) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Guča.	Krstac	Serbia
country	Langroya is a village situated on Chandigarh Road near Nawanshahr in Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar district, Punjab, India.	Langroya	India
country	Roskilde Museum is a local history museum based in Roskilde, Denmark.	Roskilde Museum	Denmark
country	The Purdy Islands (or Mwilitau Islands) are an uninhabited island group in the Bismarck Sea, belonging to Papua New Guinea.	Purdy Islands	Papua New Guinea
country	Nesseby Church (Norwegian: Nesseby kirke) is a parish church in Nesseby Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Nesseby Church	Norway
country	Ganaoni (also spelled Nganoni) is a town in northern Ivory Coast.	Ganaoni	Ivory Coast
country	Vysotsko (Ukrainian: Висоцько) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Vysotsko	Ukraine
country	Daşoguz Airport (also spelled Dashoguz) is a provincial airport located 15 km. southwest of Daşoguz in Turkmenistan.	Daşoguz Airport	Turkmenistan
country	Sejny County (Polish: powiat sejneński) a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Podlaskie Voivodeship, in the extreme north-east of Poland, on the border with Lithuania and Belarus.	Sejny County	Poland
country	Lachareh (Persian: لچره‎; also known as Lacharā) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lachareh	Iran
country	Qalamu (Persian: قلمو‎, also Romanized as Qalamū) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qalamu	Iran
country	Prats-de-Mollo-la-Preste (Catalan: Prats de Molló i la Presta) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France, near the border with Spain and the Autonomous Community of Catalonia.	Prats-de-Mollo-la-Preste	France
country	Tilst is a suburban area of Aarhus, Denmark, situated some 10 km to the west of Aarhus.	Tilst	Denmark
country	Orzepowice (German: Orzupowitz) is a district of Rybnik, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Orzepowice	Poland
country	Sabakzai Dam is an embankment dam on the Sawar Rud, a tributary of Zhob River, about 68 km South West of Zhob in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Sabakzai Dam	Pakistan
country	The 24 Hours of Le Mans (French: 24 Heures du Mans) is the world's oldest active sports car race in endurance racing, held annually since 1923 near the town of Le Mans, France.	24 Hours of Le Mans	France
country	Viterra Inc grew into a global agri-business with operations in Canada, the United States, Australia, New Zealand and China.	Viterra	Canada
country	The Gokak Falls is a waterfall located on the Ghataprabha River in Belagavi district of Karnataka, India.	Gokak Falls	India
country	The Santiago Mariño Municipality is one of the 18 municipalities (municipios) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Aragua and, according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 211,010.	Santiago Mariño Municipality	Venezuela
country	Villa Mondragone is a patrician villa originally in the territory of the Italian commune of Frascati (Latium, central Italy), now in the territory of Monte Porzio Catone (Alban Hills).	Villa Mondragone	Italy
country	Sooniste (German: Soinitz) is a village in Märjamaa Parish, Rapla County in western Estonia.	Sooniste	Estonia
country	The Koka Reservoir (also known as Lake Gelila) is a reservoir in south-central Ethiopia.	Koka Reservoir	Ethiopia
country	Doomadgee Airport (IATA: DMD, ICAO: YDMG) is an airport in Doomadgee, Queensland, Australia.	Doomadgee Airport	Australia
country	The Deir ez-Zor suspension bridge (Arabic: جسر دير الزور المعلق‎) was a pedestrian suspension bridge crossing the Euphrates River, in the city of Deir ez-Zor in north-eastern Syria.	Deir ez-Zor suspension bridge	Syria
country	Although the open three wing layout of the palace was established in France as the canonical solution as early as the 16th century, it was the Palais du Luxembourg (1615--20) by Salomon de Brosse that determined the sober and classicizing direction that French Baroque architecture was to take.	French Baroque architecture	France
country	Banggai Island is the second largest of the Banggai Islands, an archipelago located at the far eastern end of Central Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Banggai Island	Indonesia
country	Vylathur is a village in Thrissur district in Kerala state in south India, close to Guruvayoor.	Vylathur	India
country	Mordab Sar (Persian: مردابسر‎, also Romanized as Mordāb Sar) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mordab Sar	Iran
country	Surinam Airways (Dutch: Surinaamse Luchtvaart Maatschappij), also known by its initials SLM, is the flag carrier of Suriname, based in Paramaribo.	Surinam Airways	Suriname
country	Wilczek Island, (Остров Вильчека; Ostrov Vil'cheka) is located in the southeastern end of Franz Josef Land, Russia.	Wilczek Island	Russia
country	Ancona Point, Ontario is located in the former Township of Verulam, Ontario within the city of Kawartha Lakes, Ontario, Canada, and lies on Sturgeon Lake, 8 kilometres (5 mi) along County Road 24 south-west of Bobcaygeon, Ontario.	Ancona Point, Ontario	Canada
country	Tirna (pronounced (ˈtiːɾna)) is a settlement west of Šentlambert in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Tirna	Slovenia
country	Kalateh-ye Hizomi (Persian: كلاته هيزمي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Hīzomī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Hezmī) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Hizomi	Iran
country	Gravenhurst High School is a secondary school in Gravenhurst, Ontario, Canada, established in 1896.	Gravenhurst High School	Canada
country	In pre-Columbian times before the Conquerors' arrival, Zinacantán already had strong links with the Aztecs in the Central Zone of Mexico.	Zinacantán	Mexico
country	Shwebo Township (Burmese: ရွှေဘိုမြို့နယ်) is a township of Shwebo District in the Sagaing Region of Burma (Myanmar).	Shwebo Township	Myanmar
country	Slavery in the United States was the legal institution of human chattel slavery that existed in the United States of America in the 18th and 19th centuries after it gained independence and before the end of the American Civil War.	Slavery in the United States	United States of America
country	Castlereagh International Dragway was a drag racing venue in the outer suburbs of Sydney, Australia used between 1947 and 1984.	Castlereagh International Dragway	Australia
country	Government Saadat College (Bengali: সরকারী সা'দত কলেজ) is a public college in Karatia, Tangail, Bangladesh.	Government Saadat College	Bangladesh
country	Polish cuisine is a style of cooking and food preparation originating in or widely popular in Poland.	Polish cuisine	Poland
country	The Anglican Diocese of Bunbury is located in the south of Western Australia.	Anglican Diocese of Bunbury	Australia
country	The Bijlmerbajes is a prison complex in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, near the Amsterdam Amstel railway station.	Bijlmerbajes	Netherlands
country	Gebouw Delftse Poort (English: Delft Gate Building) is a twin-tower skyscraper complex at Weena 505 next to the Rotterdam Centraal railway station in Rotterdam, Netherlands.	Gebouw Delftse Poort	Netherlands
country	The Kaimanawa Range of mountains (often known as the Kaimanawa Ranges) is located in the central North Island of New Zealand.	Kaimanawa Range	New Zealand
country	Yar Ahmadlu (Persian: ياراحمدلو‎, also Romanized as Yār Aḩmadlū) is a village in Karasf Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Yar Ahmadlu	Iran
country	Gedved is a small town with a population of 2,104 (1 January 2014) in Horsens municipality located between Skanderborg and Horsens in the middle eastern Jutland in Denmark's Region Midtjylland.	Gedved	Denmark
country	Zakharuiyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان زاخروئيه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zakharuiyeh Rural District	Iran
country	École secondaire catholique Saint-Frère-André is a French-language Roman Catholic high school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	École secondaire catholique Saint-Frère-André	Canada
country	Rochowo (rɔˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rochowo	Poland
country	Bodaybo (Russian: Бодайбо; IPA: (bədɐjˈbo)) is a town and the administrative center of Bodaybinsky District in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Vitim River at its confluence with the Bodaybo River, located 1,290 kilometers (800 mi) from Irkutsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Bodaybo	Russia
country	Samilan-e Bala (Persian: سميلان بالا‎, also Romanized as Samīlān-e Bālā; also known as Samīlān) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Samilan-e Bala	Iran
country	The Victorian Goldfields Railway is a 1,600 mm (5 ft 3 in) broad gauge tourist railway in Victoria, Australia.	Victorian Goldfields Railway	Australia
country	Lulunga is an island group and a district in Haʻapai administrative division of the Kingdom of Tonga.	Lulunga	Tonga
country	The Dreischusterspitze (Italian: Punta dei Tre Scarperi) is a mountain of the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Dreischusterspitze	Italy
country	Sirči (pronounced (ˈsiːɾtʃi)) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Sirči	Slovenia
country	Gruszka Duża-Kolonia (ˈɡruʂka ˈduʐa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village, in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Gruszka Duża-Kolonia	Poland
country	Kfar Bialik (Hebrew: כְּפַר בְּיַאלִיק, lit. Bialik Village) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Kfar Bialik	Israel
country	Doveyreh (Persian: دويره‎; also known as Dowbeyreh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Doveyreh	Iran
country	Mandalay University (also translated as University of Mandalay; Burmese: မန္တလေးတက္ကသိုလ် (màɴdəlé tɛʔkəθò)) is a public liberal arts university located in Mandalay, Myanmar.	Mandalay University	Myanmar
country	Jongkhar is a small town in southern Bhutan near the border with India.	Jongkhar	Bhutan
country	The Energy and Utilities Board (EUB) was the governing body of the energy industry in the province of Alberta, Canada.	Energy and Utilities Board	Canada
country	El Tarròs (Spanish: Tarrós) is a small village in Tornabous municipality, in the Urgell, in Catalonia, Spain.	El Tarròs	Spain
country	Rabat (Arabic: ar-Ribaaṭ الرباط‎; Berber: ⴰⵕⴱⴰⵟ Aṛbaṭ) is the capital of Morocco and its seventh largest city center with an urban population of approximately 580,000 (2014) and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million.	Rabat	Morocco
country	Bielinek (bjɛˈlinɛk) (German: Bellinchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Bielinek	Poland
country	Bahavar (Persian: بهاور‎, also Romanized as Bahāvar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Bahavar	Iran
country	Icononzo (Spanish pronunciation: (ikoˈnonso)) is a municipality located in the department of Tolima in Colombia.	Icononzo	Colombia
country	Killashandra railway station in County Cavan, Ireland was the terminus station at the end of the Midland Great Western Railway seven mile branch from Crossdoney.	Killashandra railway station	Ireland
country	Catenanuova (Sicilian: Catinanova) is a town and comune in the province of Enna, in the region of Sicily in southern Italy.	Catenanuova	Italy
country	Museum of the History of the Greek Costume is a special interest museum in Athens, Greece.	Museum of the History of the Greek Costume	Greece
country	Wellington Harbour Board Head Office and Bond Store is a historic building on Jervois Quay in Wellington, New Zealand.	Wellington Harbour Board Head Office and Bond Store	New Zealand
country	The Palacio Valdés Theatre is located in Avilés, Principality of Asturias in Northern Spain.	Palacio Valdés Theatre	Spain
country	White's is a gentleman's club situated in St James's Street, London, United Kingdom.	White's	United Kingdom
country	Bakar (Italian: Buccari, Hungarian: Szádrév) is a town in the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County in western Croatia.	Bakar	Croatia
country	Ranganathan Street is a major commercial street in the neighborhood of T. Nagar, located in Chennai, India.	Ranganathan Street	India
country	Alausí Parish is an urban parish in Ecuador, Chimborazo Province, Alausí Canton.	Alausí Parish	Ecuador
country	The Thulamela Local Municipality is a Local municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Thulamela Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Warnervale Airport (ICAO: YWVA), also known as Warnervale Aerodrome, is located in Warnervale, a town in New South Wales, Australia.	Warnervale Airport	Australia
country	Henvålen Nature Reserve (Swedish: Henvålens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.	Henvålen Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	Omokoroa is a small urban area in the Western Bay of Plenty District of New Zealand.	Omokoroa	New Zealand
country	The Werakata National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Lower Hunter Region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Werakata National Park	Australia
country	Entre-Ijuís is a municipality of the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Entre-Ijuís	Brazil
country	The Great Southern Slam (TGSS) is the largest competitive roller derby event in the Southern Hemisphere, contested by teams from New Zealand and Australia.	Great Southern Slam	Australia
country	Espoo Ciné International Film Festival is an annual event held in Espoo, Finland, in August.	Espoo Ciné International Film Festival	Finland
country	Qansax Timir is a locality in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Qansax Timir	Somalia
country	Kəlvəz (also, Kil’vyazy, Kyal’vyas'', and Kyalvaz) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kəlvəz	Azerbaijan
country	Southern Schleswig (German: Südschleswig or Landesteil Schleswig, Danish: Sydslesvig) is the southern half of the former Duchy of Schleswig in Germany on the Jutland Peninsula.	Southern Schleswig	Germany
country	The Aroanios (Greek: Αροάνιος) is a river in the southern part of Achaea, Greece.	Aroanios	Greece
country	Opéra National de Lyon is an opera company in Lyon, France which performs in the Nouvel Opéra, a modernized version in 1993 of the original 1831 opera house.	Opéra National de Lyon	France
country	Santa Cruz del Islote (English: Santa Cruz Islet) is an island located off the coast of Colombia.	Santa Cruz del Islote	Colombia
country	Sunel is a small town in Jhalawar district, Rajasthan, India, with a population of about 18,000.	Sunel	India
country	Färjenäsparken is a park located on the north bank of the Göta älv, Sweden.	Färjenäsparken	Sweden
country	Kyungnam University(경남대학교; 慶南大學校) is a private university located in Changwon (Masan), the capital city of Gyeongsangnam-do, South Gyeongsang or Gyeongnam (Kyungnam) province, in Southeastern South Korea.	Kyungnam University	South Korea
country	Vico Equense is a coastal town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples, in Italy.	Vico Equense	Italy
country	Iya River (Russian: Ия) is a river in Irkutsk Oblast in Russia.	Iya River	Russia
country	Anderson Junior College (AJC) is a junior college established in 1984 and located in Yio Chu Kang, Singapore, a short distance from Yio Chu Kang MRT Station.	Anderson Junior College	Singapore
country	Chasselas or Chasselas blanc is a wine grape variety grown in Switzerland, France, Germany, Portugal, Hungary, Romania and New Zealand.	Chasselas	France
country	Mehsi is a small town located in East Champaran district of Bihar state, India.	Mehsi	India
country	Siahan (Persian: سياهان‎, also Romanized as Sīāhān) is a village in Hashivar Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Siahan	Iran
country	Amir Aslan (Persian: اميراصلان‎, also Romanized as Amīr Aslān and Amīr Aşlān) is a village in Korani Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Amir Aslan	Iran
country	Khodzi (Georgian: ხოძი, Ossetian: Ходз) is a settlement in the Java district (Dzau district in Ossetian)in South Ossetian autonomy in Georgia.	Khodzi	Georgia
country	Novi Čeminac is a settlement in the region of Baranja, Croatia.	Novi Čeminac	Croatia
country	Agh Dizaj (Persian: اغديزج‎, also Romanized as Āgh Dīzaj; also known as Dīzaj) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Agh Dizaj	Iran
country	Qahrabad-e Soleyman (Persian: قهر آباد سليمان‎, also Romanized as Qahrābād-e Soleymān; also known as Qahrābād) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qahrabad-e Soleyman	Iran
country	Lisović (Serbian Cyrillic: Лисовић) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Lisović	Serbia
country	Kampanis (Greek: Καμπάνης, Bulgarian: Караджа Кадър) is a village south of the city of Kilkis in the Kilkis regional unit, Greece.	Kampanis	Greece
country	Mazraeh-ye Javadastavar (Persian: مزرعه جواداستوار‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Javādāstavār) is a village in Arad Rural District, Arad District, Gerash County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 14 families.	Mazraeh-ye Javadastavar	Iran
country	Sassoferrato is a town and comune of the province of Ancona in the Marche region of Italy.	Sassoferrato	Italy
country	Bay of Islands Coastal Park is a 32 kilometres (20 mi) long coastal reserve located in Victoria, Australia on the Great Ocean Road between Peterborough and Warrnambool.	Bay of Islands Coastal Park	Australia
country	Estancia Río Cisnes Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Estancia Río Cisnes, ICAO: SCRE) is a public use airport located 113 kilometres (70 mi) east-northeast of Río Cisnes, Aisén del General Carlos Ibañez del Campo, Chile.	Estancia Río Cisnes Airport	Chile
country	Fieni is a town in Dâmboviţa County, Romania, on the Ialomiţa River, having a population of 8,000.	Fieni	Romania
country	The Cymru Terrane is one of five inferred fault bounded terranes that make up the basement rocks of the southern United Kingdom.	Cymru Terrane	United Kingdom
country	Valley Truckle is a hamlet on the A39 road south of Camelford in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Valley Truckle	United Kingdom
country	Yuhan University is a private college in Sosa-gu, Bucheon City, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Yuhan University	South Korea
country	Icacos Point is the southwestern most point in Trinidad and Tobago.	Icacos Point	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Preža (pronounced (ˈpɾeːʒa); in older sources also Preže, German: Pröse) is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Preža	Slovenia
country	Przemocze (pʂɛˈmɔt͡ʂɛ) (German: Priemhausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Przemocze	Poland
country	Ubomiri is a town located near Owerri, capital city of Imo State, in southeastern Nigeria.	Ubomiri	Nigeria
country	Paris Métro Line 1 is one of the sixteen lines composing the Paris Métro (in Paris, France).	Paris Métro Line 1	France
country	Besskorbnaya (Russian: Бесскорбная) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Novokubansky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Urup River.	Besskorbnaya	Russia
country	Groß Tessiner See is a lake in the municipality Jürgenshagen, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Groß Tessiner See	Germany
country	Cuneo International Airport (Italian: Aeroporto di Cuneo-Levaldigi) (IATA: CUF, ICAO: LIMZ) also named Cuneo Levaldigi Airport or Turin Cuneo Airport by some low-cost airlines, is an airport serving Cuneo and Turin, Piedmont, Italy.	Cuneo International Airport	Italy
country	Polessky District (Russian: Поле́сский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion), one of the fifteen in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia.	Polessky District	Russia
country	Minbu District is a district of the Magway Division in central Myanmar.	Minbu District	Myanmar
country	Excavations at Bilske Horodyshche (Більське городище) near the village of Bilsk near Poltava in Ukraine have led to suggestions by archaeologist Boris Shramko and others identifying it as the Scythian capital Gelonus.	Gelonus	Ukraine
country	The COEX Aquarium in Gangnam district, Seoul, is one of South Korea's largest Aquariums with over 40,000 creatures from over 650 species on display.	COEX Aquarium	South Korea
country	The Cima dello Stagn (also known as Cima di Paina) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located on the border between Italy and Switzerland.	Cima dello Stagn	Italy	Switzerland
country	Hessisches Landesmuseum Darmstadt is a multidisciplinary museum in Darmstadt, Germany.	Hessisches Landesmuseum Darmstadt	Germany
country	Lepassaare (Võro: Lepässaarõ) is a village in Orava Parish, Põlva County, in southeastern Estonia.	Lepassaare	Estonia
country	The University of Canterbury (Māori: Te Whare Wānanga o Waitaha; postnominal abbreviation Cantuar. or Cant. for Cantuariensis, the Latin name for Canterbury) in Christchurch is New Zealand's second oldest university.	University of Canterbury	New Zealand
country	Boms is a municipality in the district of Ravensburg in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Boms	Germany
country	Leobór (lɛˈɔbur) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Leobór	Poland
country	The Francilienne (pronounced: (fʁɑ̃siljɛn)) is a partial ring road around Île-de-France (Paris' région), France, lying outside the A86.	Francilienne	France
country	The Veracruz dry forests are a tropical and subtropical dry broadleaf forest ecoregion located in central Veracruz, Mexico.	Veracruz dry forests	Mexico
country	San Isidro Buensuceso or San Isidro Buen Suceso is a town in the municipality of San Pablo del Monte, Tlaxcala, Mexico, on the southern slope of La Malinche volcano.	San Isidro Buensuceso	Mexico
country	Zminac is a village in Bijelo Polje Municipality, in northern Montenegro.	Zminac	Montenegro
country	Tiruvaikavur Temple or Thiruvaikavur Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Shiva located in the holy village of Tiruvaikavur, Tamil Nadu, India.	Tiruvaikavur Temple	India
country	Arkalyk Airport (also given as Arkalyk North) (IATA: AYK, ICAO: UAUR) is an airport in Kazakhstan located 9 km (5.6 mi) north of Arkalyk.	Arkalyk Airport	Kazakhstan
country	Parkab (Persian: پركاب‎, also Romanized as Parkāb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Parkab	Iran
country	The Aalborg Defence and Garrison Museum (Danish: Aalborg Forsvars- og Garnisonsmuseum) is a military museum in Aalborg, Denmark that covers all branches (except naval) of Danish defence organizations.	Defence and Garrison Museum	Denmark
country	Budy Gutarzewskie (ˈbudɨ ɡutaˈʐɛfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Gutarzewskie	Poland
country	Burramine is a locality in the local government area of the Shire of Moira in Australia.	Burramine	Australia
country	The Western Coastal Plains is a thin strip of coastal plain 50 kilometres (31 mi) in width between the west coast of India and the Western Ghats hills, which starts near the south of river Tapi.	Western Coastal Plains	India
country	Stąporków (ˈstɔmˈpɔrkuf) is a town with 6,200 inhabitants in Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, Poland.	Stąporków	Poland
country	Parkani Lup (Persian: پركاني لوپ‎, also Romanized as Parkānī Lūp) is a village in Irafshan Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Parkani Lup	Iran
country	Kudaleh (Persian: كودله‎, also Romanized as Kūdaleh) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kudaleh	Iran
country	Balhaf is an industrial port town and an oasis in an area of coastal dunes in the Burum Coastal Area of Yemen.	Balhaf	Yemen
country	Voisil (Bulgarian: Войсил) is a village in Maritsa Municipality, Plovdiv Province, southern Bulgaria.	Voisil	Bulgaria
country	Ağkilsə (also, Agkilisa) is a village in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ağkilsə	Azerbaijan
country	Paštrik or Pashtrik (Albanian: Pashtrik; Serbian: Паштрик, Paštrik) is a mountain located in Kosovo and Albania.	Paštrik	Kosovo	Albania
country	Yanbolaghi (Persian: يانبلاغي‎, also Romanized as Yānbolāghī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yanbolaghi	Iran
country	Harvey's is a fast food restaurant chain that operates in Canada, with locations in every province.	Harvey's	Canada
country	Although not as famous as other Italian wines, Aglianico del Vulture is considered by Gambero Rosso as one of the best red wines of Italy.	Aglianico del Vulture	Italy
country	Azatan (Armenian: Ազատան; formerly, Karakilisa, Karakhs, and Pokr Karakilisa), is a major village and rural community (municipality) in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Azatan	Armenia
country	The Casa de Nariño (Spanish for House of Nariño) or Palacio de Nariño (Spanish for Palace of Nariño) is the official home and principal workplace of the President of Colombia.	Casa de Nariño	Colombia
country	Pont-l'Abbé (Breton: Pont-'n-Abad, ``Abbot's bridge'') is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Pont-l'Abbé	France
country	Ranuanjärvi is a small and shallow lake of Finland located in the center of municipality of Ranua, in the region of Lapland.	Ranuanjärvi	Finland
country	Kabul Education University of Rabbani دانشگاه شهید پروفیسور برهان الدین ربانی (formerly known as Kabul Education University) is a public university in Kabul, Afghanistan.	Kabul Education University of Rabbani	Afghanistan
country	Covas do Barroso is a civil parish (Portuguese: freguesia) in northern Portugal, in the municipality of Boticas, in the old district of Vila Real.	Covas do Barroso	Portugal
country	Lilla Nygatan (Swedish: Small New Street) is a street in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden.	Lilla Nygatan	Sweden
country	Podgrad pri Vremah (pronounced (pɔdˈɡɾaːt pɾi ˈwɾeːmax)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Podgrad pri Vremah	Slovenia
country	Heraklion Indoor Sports Arena, or simply, Heraklion Arena, is an indoor arena that is located in the city of Heraklion, on the island of Crete, in Greece.	Heraklion Indoor Sports Arena	Greece
country	Qaedrahmat Rural District (Persian: دهستان قائدرحمت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Qaedrahmat Rural District	Iran
country	Onetangi Bay is a large bay on the north coast of Waiheke Island in northern New Zealand.	Onetangi Bay	New Zealand
country	Nowe Piekuty (ˈnɔvɛ pjɛˈkutɨ) is a village in Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nowe Piekuty	Poland
country	Andhra University College of Engineering at Visakhapatnam, India is an autonomous college of Andhra University.	Andhra University College of Engineering	India
country	Rugaard is a rural farming and forestry castle 2 km from the eastern coast of the peninsula Djursland in Denmark bordering the sea, Kattegat between Denmark and Sweden at the entrance to the Baltic Sea in Scandinavia.	Rugaard	Denmark
country	Fischbeck Abbey (German: Stift Fischbeck) is a convent for canonesses in Fischbeck near Hessisch Oldendorf, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Fischbeck Abbey	Germany
country	Župča (Serbian: Жупча) is a village in the municipality of Breza, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Župča	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Rajiv Gandhi Indoor Stadium or Regional Sports Centre is a multipurpose sports centre in Kochi, Kerala, India.	Rajiv Gandhi Indoor Stadium	India
country	Ben-Gurion University of the Negev (BGU, Hebrew: אוניברסיטת בן-גוריון בנגב‎, Universitat Ben Gurion Banegev, Arabic: جامعة بن غوريون‎) is a public research university in Beersheba, Israel.	Ben-Gurion University of the Negev	Israel
country	Saint-Maur-des-Fossés (French pronunciation: ​(sɛ̃.moʁ.dɛ.fɔ.se)) is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Saint-Maur-des-Fossés	France
country	The Alpstein are a subgroup of the Appenzell Alps in Switzerland.	Alpstein	Switzerland
country	Sdot Yam (Hebrew: שְׂדוֹת יָם, lit. Sea Fields) is a kibbutz in the Haifa District of Israel on the shore of the Mediterranean Sea.	Sdot Yam	Israel
country	Mount Honey is the highest point on Campbell Island, one of New Zealand's subantarctic outlying islands.	Mount Honey	New Zealand
country	Amir Bostaq (Persian: اميربستاق‎, also Romanized as Amīr Bostāq; also known as Amīr Mūsa and Amir-Muza) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Amir Bostaq	Iran
country	Alas Strait separates Lombok and Sumbawa, two islands of Indonesia in West Nusa Tenggara province.	Alas Strait	Indonesia
country	Mary River Aerodrome (IATA: YMV, TC LID: CMR2) is an aerodrome located adjacent to Mary River, Nunavut, Canada.	Mary River Aerodrome	Canada
country	Shaykh Mazhar Air Base is a former Iraqi Air Force base in the Wasit Governorate of Iraq approximately 46 kilometers Southwest of Baghdad, and about 13 kilometers West of the city of Al-Suwaira.	Shaykh Mazhar Air Base	Iraq
country	Livingstone Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in Korsten, Port Elizabeth in South Africa.	Livingstone Hospital	South Africa
country	Qaleh Now Rural District (Persian: دهستان قلعه نو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Qaleh Now District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qaleh Now Rural District	Iran
country	Onamunhama (IPA: (onam'n̥ana)) is a village in the Ohangwena Region in the north of Namibia in the Oukwanyama tribal area.	Onamunhama	Namibia
country	Zheltovsky (Russian: Желтовский) is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Zheltovsky	Russia
country	The Kintrishi Protected Landscape (Georgian: კინტრიშის დაცული ლანდშაფტი) is a protected landscape in Kobuleti District, Adjara, Georgia, located at the gorge of the Kintrishi River and was established in 1959 to preserve its unique flora and fauna and famous Colchian willow trees.	Kintrishi Protected Landscape	Georgia
country	Škaljari (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Шкаљари) is a small town in Kotor Municipality, Montenegro.	Škaljari	Montenegro
country	Ussuriysk Astrophysical Observatory is an observatory near Ussuriysk, Russia.	Ussuriysk Astrophysical Observatory	Russia
country	Milajerd (Persian: ميلاجرد‎, also Romanized as Mīlājerd; also known as Melājerd and Mīlājīrd) is a city in and the capital of Milajerd District, in Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Milajerd	Iran
country	Kulibi is a mountain located 70 kilometers east of Dire Dawa in oromo region, Ethiopia.	Kulibi	Ethiopia
country	Tsaryovo-Zaymishche (Russian: Царёво-Займище, lit. tsar's water-meadow) is a village in Vyazemsky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia, situated on the old road from Smolensk to Moscow, west of Vyazma.	Tsaryovo-Zaymishche	Russia
country	Tyrnavos (Greek: Τύρναβος, from the Slavic Tirnovo, a ``thorny place'') is a municipality in the Larissa regional unit, of the Thessaly region of Greece.	Tyrnavos	Greece
country	Sables-d'Or-les-Pins is a French Seaside resort, located mainly in Fréhel commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Sables-d'Or-les-Pins	France
country	Of Wakefield's residents, 2.53% were born outside the United Kingdom, significantly lower than the national average of 9.2%.	Wakefield	United Kingdom
country	Bridlewood Community Elementary School (also BCES or simply Bridlewood) is an elementary and middle school located on 63 Bluegrass Drive, in Ottawa, Canada.	Bridlewood Community Elementary School	Canada
country	Stopan (Serbian Cyrillic: Стопан) is a village in the Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kotor Varoš Municipality, Šiprage local community.	Stopan	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Stare Ślepce (ˈstarɛ ˈɕlɛpt͡sɛ) (German: Alt Schleps) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stare Ślepce	Poland
country	Nieporęt (ɲɛˈpɔrɛnt) is a village in Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nieporęt	Poland
country	The West Kootenay Regional Airport, (Castlegar Airport) (IATA: YCG, ICAO: CYCG) is a small regional airport located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) south southeast of Castlegar, British Columbia, Canada.	West Kootenay Regional Airport	Canada
country	Høylandet Church (Norwegian: Høylandet kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Høylandet in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Høylandet Church	Norway
country	Queen's Cottage (also known as The Lodge) is a country house near Nuwara Eliya, Sri Lanka.	Queen's Cottage	Sri Lanka
country	Rosenørns Allé is a street located on the border between Frederiksberg and Nørrebro, on the west side of the The Lakes, in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Rosenørns Allé	Denmark
country	Rot-Front is a settlement 60 kilometers east of Bishkek in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan, near the border of Kazakhstan.	Rot-Front	Kyrgyzstan
country	Shanggao County (simplified Chinese: 上高县; traditional Chinese: 上高縣; pinyin: Shànggāo Xiàn) is a county of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Shanggao County	People's Republic of China
country	Nordeste Transmontano, often known as Tras-os-Montes, is a region in Portugal, District of Bragança.	Nordeste Transmontano	Portugal
country	Onitkok Island is an island located inside western Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Onitkok Island	Canada
country	Holy Dormition Pochayiv Lavra (Ukrainian: Свято-Успенська Почаївська Лавра; Russian: Свято-Успенская Почаевская Лавра, Polish: Ławra Poczajowska) is a monastery in Pochayiv, Kremenets Raion, Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine.	Pochayiv Lavra	Ukraine
country	Posada de Valdeón (Astur-Leonese: Valdión) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Posada de Valdeón	Spain
country	Annie's Lane is a winery in the Clare Valley, South Australia.	Annie's Lane	Australia
country	The Central Eastern Alps (German: Zentralalpen or Zentrale Ostalpen), also referred to as Austrian Central Alps (Österreichische Zentralalpen) or just Central Alps comprise the main chain of the Eastern Alps in Austria and the adjacent regions of Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Italy and Slovenia.	Central Eastern Alps	Austria
country	Reventón del Rio Mundo is a waterfall and source of the Mundo River in the Province of Albacete, Spain.	Reventón del Rio Mundo	Spain
country	Regents Park State School is a co-educational state primary school located in the suburb of Regents Park in Logan City, Queensland, Australia.	Regents Park State School	Australia
country	Moyenne Island is a small island (0.089 km2 or 0.034 sq mi) in the Ste Anne Marine National Park off the north coast of Mahé, Seychelles.	Moyenne Island	Seychelles
country	Kokumbo (also spelled Kokoumba) is a town in central Ivory Coast.	Kokumbo	Ivory Coast
country	Kyllburg (German pronunciation: (ˈkɪlbʊʁk)) is a town in the district Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Kyllburg	Germany
country	Vallalar Nagar (Tamil: வள்ளலார் நகர்) is a neighbourhood in Chennai, India.	Vallalar Nagar	India
country	Haller utca is a main street along the border of Mid-Ferencváros, in the 9th district of Budapest, Hungary.	Haller utca	Hungary
country	The Botanical Garden of Santa Catalina or in basque: ``Santa Katalina Lorategi Botanikoa'', is a botanical garden about 32,500 meters square extension, in the municipality of Iruña de Oca, in the surroundings of Sierra de Badaya, province of Alava, autonomous community of the Basque Country, Spain.	Botanical Garden of Santa Catalina	Spain
country	The Wannock River is a short river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, draining Owikeno Lake and entering Rivers Inlet at the head of that inlet, adjacent to the town of the same name, which is the main modern settlement of the Wuikinuxv (Owikeno) people.	Wannock River	Canada
country	The British Institute of Non-Destructive Testing or BINDT is a professional body for engineers and other technical professionals involved in non-destructive testing and condition monitoring in the United Kingdom.	British Institute of Non-Destructive Testing	United Kingdom
country	Shamshabad (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Hindi:शमशाबाद विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India.	Shamshabad (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	India
country	Prevala (Bulgarian: Превала) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Chiprovtsi Municipality, Montana Province.	Prevala	Bulgaria
country	While process technology and material formula R&D is centralised in Münster, Germany, Armacell's research units in Mebane, North Carolina, USA, Thimister-Clermont, Belgium, and Guangzhou, China, focus on product R&D.	Armacell	Germany
country	The Novascotian was a newspaper published in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Novascotian	Canada
country	Mansuwala is a village in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Mansuwala	Pakistan
country	Dholipal is a small village in the district of Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan, India.	Dholipal	India
country	The Eastern Arc Mountains are a chain of mountains found in Kenya and Tanzania.	Eastern Arc Mountains	Tanzania
country	La Paz Aeroclub (Spanish: Aeroclub de La Paz, IATA: LAZ, ICAO: SAMP) is a public use airport located 7 kilometres (4 mi) east-northeast of La Paz, Entre Ríos, Argentina.	La Paz Aeroclub	Argentina
country	Bystrzyca Górna (bɨsˈtʂɨt͡sa ˈɡurna) (German: Ober Weistritz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bystrzyca Górna	Poland
country	Sätraån (Swedish: ``Stream of Sätra'') is a stream in southern Stockholm, Sweden.	Sätraån	Sweden
country	Şıxhapıt (also, Şıxhaput, Shykh-Gaput, and Shykhgapyt) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şıxhapıt	Azerbaijan
country	The World Trade Center of Grenoble (WTC G) is one of the 12 World Trade Centers in France and one of 330 WTCs in the world.	World Trade Center of Grenoble	France
country	Heineken Jammin' Festival is a large live rock festival in Milan, Italy featuring international and Italian rock acts.	Heineken Jammin' Festival	Italy
country	Jotunheimen (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈjuːtʉnˌhæɪmən), the home of the giants) is a mountainous area of roughly 3,500 km² in southern Norway and is part of the long range known as the Scandinavian Mountains.	Jotunheimen	Norway
country	Namchang-dong is a legal dong, or neighbourhood of the Jung-gu district in Seoul, South Korea and governed by its administrative dong, Hoehyeon-dong.	Namchang-dong	South Korea
country	Stade de la Licorne (French pronunciation: ​(stad də la liˈkɔʁn)) is a multi-use stadium in Amiens, France.	Stade de la Licorne	France
country	Biri Travbane is a harness racing track located at Biri in Gjøvik, Norway.	Biri Travbane	Norway
country	Mannheimer Swartling is a Sweden-based law firm.	Mannheimer Swartling	Sweden
country	The Czechoslovak Air Force (Československé vojenské letectvo) was the air force branch of the military of Czechoslovakia.	Czechoslovak Air Force	Czechoslovakia
country	Wiggles World is a themed land at the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Wiggles World	Australia
country	The Maungakotukutuku Stream is a stream on the Kapiti Coast of New Zealand's North Island.	Maungakotukutuku Stream	New Zealand
country	Batu Anam is a small town in the northern part of Segamat District, Johor, Malaysia.	Batu Anam	Malaysia
country	Łąki Kozielskie (ˈwɔnki kɔˈʑɛlskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśnica, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Łąki Kozielskie	Poland
country	Bouizakarne (Arabic: بو يزكارن, Bū Yazākārn) is a town in Guelmim Province, Guelmim-Oued Noun, southern Morocco.	Bouizakarne	Morocco
country	Ahmadabad-e Shadjerd (Persian: احمدابادشادجرد‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Shādjerd; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Shāhjerd) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Shadjerd	Iran
country	Segarra is a comarca (county) in Catalonia, Spain, situated on a high plain.	Segarra	Spain
country	Kpabia is a small town in the Yendi Municipal district, a district in the Northern Region of north Ghana.	Kpabia	Ghana
country	Shenton Way (Chinese: 珊顿道) is a major trunk road in Singapore's central business district, most known for the commercial skyscrapers flanking both sides of the road.	Shenton Way	Singapore
country	Mývatn (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈmiːˌvaʰtn̥)) is a shallow eutrophic lake situated in an area of active volcanism in the north of Iceland, not far from Krafla volcano.	Mývatn	Iceland
country	Lospalos (sometimes mistakenly written Los Palos) is a city in East Timor, 248 kilometres (154 mi) to the east of Dili, the national capital.	Lospalos	East Timor
country	Thiene Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Thiene) is a Roman Catholic church in Thiene, in the province of Vicenza, Italy, dedicated to Saint Cajetan (San Gaetano di Thiene) and the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary.	Thiene Cathedral	Italy
country	Mullauna College is a public, co-educational high school in Mitcham, Victoria, Australia servicing year 7 to 12.	Mullauna College	Australia
country	Phalombe is a town approx. 40 km northeast of Mulanje in southern Malawi.	Phalombe	Malawi
country	Salakh (Persian: صلخ‎, also Romanized as Şalakh; also known as Şalagh, Şelagh, and Selaq) is a village in Salakh Rural District, Shahab District, Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Salakh	Iran
country	Livoq Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Livoqit, Serbian: Језеро Ливоц) is a small artificial lake in eastern Kosovo.	Livoq Lake	Kosovo
country	The Chad Basin National Park is a national park in northeastern Nigeria, in the Chad Basin, with a total area of about 2,258 km2.	Chad Basin National Park	Nigeria
country	Blue Lake National Park is a national park in Queensland, Australia, 44 kilometres (27 mi) east of Brisbane on North Stradbroke Island.	Blue Lake National Park	Australia
country	Kanllaqucha (Quechua kanlla, kanlli pearlfruit (Margyricarpus pinnatus), qucha lake, ``pearlfruit lake'', hispanicized spelling Canllacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region, Huancavelica Province, Acobambilla District.	Kanllaqucha	Peru
country	Henriques waterfall (Portuguese: Cachoeira dos Henriques) is a waterfall located in the Henriques bairro of the municipality of Gonçalves, Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Henriques waterfall	Brazil
country	Lefka (Greek: Λεύκα; Turkish: Lefke) is a town in Cyprus, overlooking Morphou Bay.	Lefka	Cyprus
country	KFUM Nässjö is an YMCA association in Nässjö, Sweden.	KFUM Nässjö	Sweden
country	The 2015 Superettan, part of the 2015 Swedish football season, was the 15th season of Superettan, Sweden's second-tier football league in its current format.	2015 Superettan	Sweden
country	Juchitán District is located in the east of the Istmo de Tehuantepec region of the State of Oaxaca, Mexico, covering the southern part of a low-lying corridor through the mountains that separates the Gulf of Mexico from the Pacific ocean.	Juchitán District	Mexico
country	The Payas River, in southern Anatolia near today's Turkey--	Payas River	Turkey
country	The Bundespräsidialamt (Office of the Federal President) is a federal agency (oberste Bundesbehörde) of the Government of Germany assisting the President of Germany.	Bundespräsidialamt	Germany
country	Museu da Lourinhã is a museum in the town of Lourinhã, west Portugal.	Museu da Lourinhã	Portugal
country	Ancon Hill is a 654-foot hill that overlooks Panama City, Panama, adjacent to the township of Ancón.	Ancon Hill	Panama
country	Verdun Cathedral (Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Verdun) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and national monument of France, in Verdun in Lorraine.	Verdun Cathedral	France
country	Mosken is a small uninhabited rocky island in the municipality of Værøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Mosken	Norway
country	Ántevamena is a rural town in the region of Atsimo-Andrefana, Madagascar.	Ántevamena	Madagascar
country	Nabukelevu is a volcano located on the southwest portion of Kadavu Island in Fiji.	Nabukelevu	Fiji
country	Laako is a small town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Laako	Somalia
country	Plosovo (German: Plasau) is a small settlement at the southern end of the Mišja dolina valley southwest of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Plosovo	Slovenia
country	Šimkaičiai is a town in Jurbarkas district municipality, Taurage County, Lithuania.	Šimkaičiai	Lithuania
country	Gora pri Komendi (pronounced (ˈɡɔːɾa pɾi kɔˈmɛːndi)) is a settlement east of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Gora pri Komendi	Slovenia
country	La Plata is the capital city of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, and of the partido La Plata.	La Plata	Argentina
country	Lake Banook is a freshwater lake located in Dartmouth within the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Lake Banook	Canada
country	Khawabi (Arabic: السودا‎), also spelled Qala'at al-Khawabi (Arabic: قلعة الخوابي‎) is a village and medieval citadel in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located 20 kilometers northeast of Tartus and 12 kilometers east of al-Sawda.	Khawabi	Syria
country	Stary Węgliniec (ˈstarɨ vɛŋˈɡliɲɛt͡s) (German: Alt Kohlfurt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgliniec, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stary Węgliniec	Poland
country	Bełcz Mały (ˈbɛu̯t͡ʂ ˈmawɨ) (German: Kleinbeltsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bełcz Mały	Poland
country	It is the easternmost of False Creek's fixed crossings; the Burrard and Granville bridges are a little more than a kilometre to the west, and the new Canada Line SkyTrain tunnel is built just west of the Cambie Bridge.	Cambie Bridge	Canada
country	DanceSport BC (DSBC), founded in 1968, is the governing body for competitive ballroom dance in British Columbia and Yukon, Canada.	DanceSport BC	Canada
country	Baranabad (Persian: باران آباد‎, also Romanized as Bārānābād) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baranabad	Iran
country	Jatashankar (also Jata Shankar) is natural cave, a Hindu shrine located north of Pachmarhi, in Hoshangabad district, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Jatashankar	India
country	Jid Ali is a high class, coastal area located on the shore of Tubli Bay, south of Manama in the Kingdom of Bahrain.	Jid Ali	Bahrain
country	Al Mamoura is a settlement in the municipality of Al Rayyan in Qatar.	Al Mamoura	Qatar
country	Saronida (Greek: Σαρωνίδα) is a seaside resort village and former community in East Attica, Greece.	Saronida	Greece
country	Varig Airlines Flight 837 was a flight from Fiumicino Airport, Rome, Italy to Roberts International Airport, Monrovia, Liberia.	Varig Airlines Flight 837	Liberia
country	Azadeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان آزاده‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Azadeh Rural District	Iran
country	Deportivo Teculután football club play in Guatemala's second division, but spent 3 seasons at the highest domestic football level between 2001-2004.	Teculután	Guatemala
country	Bezeréd is a village in Zala County in the south-western region of Hungary.	Bezeréd	Hungary
country	Leconte Island is a small, uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.	Leconte Island	Canada
country	Gowhert (Persian: گوهرت‎, also Romanized as Gowhert and Gowhart; also known as Gohart, Gohert, Gohort, Gowhīrat, Gowhīrot, and Kowheyrat) is a village in Surak Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gowhert	Iran
country	Matuail is a village of Dhaka Division, Bangladesh, located on the west side of Dhaka--	Matuail	Bangladesh
country	Qabala International Airport (Azerbaijani: Qəbələ Beynəlxalq Aeroport) (IATA: GBB, ICAO: UBBQ) is an airport serving Qabala (also known as Qəbələ or Gabala), the capital of the Gabala district (rayon) in Azerbaijan.	Qabala International Airport	Azerbaijan
country	Cegléd (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈt͡sɛɡleːd); German: Zieglet) is a city in Pest county, Hungary, approximately 70 km (43 mi) southeast of the Hungarian capital, Budapest.	Cegléd	Hungary
country	The Far North District of New Zealand, as its name suggests, is the northernmost district within New Zealand, consisting of the northern tip of the North Island.	Far North District	New Zealand
country	The Queen Elizabeth Ranges is a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies on the southeastern side of Jasper National Park, Canada.	Queen Elizabeth Ranges	Canada
country	Gemünden am Main (officially Gemünden a.Main) is a town in the Main-Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and lies roughly 40 km down the Main from Würzburg.	Gemünden am Main	Germany
country	The Geelong Botanic Gardens is a botanical garden in the city of Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Geelong Botanic Gardens	Australia
country	Debrzyno (dɛˈbʐɨnɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Debrzyno	Poland
country	Sandycove Island (Cnoc an Rois in Irish) is a small island and townland at the mouth of Ardkilly Creek on the south coast of Ireland, just to the west of the Castlepark peninsula, which forms the western side of the entrance to Kinsale harbour in County Cork.	Sandycove Island	Ireland
country	Kasdir (Arabic: القصدير or قصدير) is a municipality in Naâma Province, Algeria.	Kasdir	Algeria
country	The Totes Gebirge is a group of mountains in Austria, part of the Northern Limestone Alps, lying between the Salzkammergut and the Ennstaler Alpen.	Totes Gebirge	Austria
country	Pandrup is a town with a population of 2,880 (1 January 2014) until 1 January 2007 in North Jutland County, now in the North Denmark Region on the northwest coast of the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark.	Pandrup	Denmark
country	The Pyramid of Khendjer was a pyramid built for the burial of the 13th dynasty pharaoh Khendjer, who ruled Egypt c. 1760 BC during the Second Intermediate Period.	Pyramid of Khendjer	Egypt
country	Blyde River Canyon Nature Reserve (or Motlatse Canyon Provincial Nature Reserve) is situated in the Drakensberg escarpment region of eastern Mpumalanga, South Africa.	Blyde River Canyon Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	The Aquinas College Chapel, formally known as the Chapel of St Thomas Aquinas, is a heritage-listed building located on the Aquinas College property in Salter Point, Western Australia.	Aquinas College Chapel	Australia
country	Alcántara is a municipality in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain, on the Tagus, near Portugal.	Alcántara	Spain
country	Nasarpur railway station (Urdu: نصرپور ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Nasarpur village, Peshawar district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the Pakistan.	Nasarpur railway station	Pakistan
country	The Wampú River (Spanish pronunciation: (wamˈpu)) is a river in Honduras.	Wampú River	Honduras
country	Capo dell'Armi Lighthouse (Italian: Faro di Capo dell'Armi) is a lighthouse in Reggio Calabria, southern Italy.	Capo dell'Armi Lighthouse	Italy
country	The Emfuleni Local Municipality is one of three local municipalities comprising the Sedibeng District in Gauteng, South Africa.	Emfuleni Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Mazim is a village in Ad Dhahirah Region, in northeastern Oman.	Mazim	Oman
country	The Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government (Polish: Bezpartyjny Blok Współpracy z Rządem, pronounced (bɛsparˈtɨjnɨ ˈblɔk fspuwˈpratsɨ z ˈʐondɛm); abbreviated BBWR) was a ``non-political'' organization that existed in the Second Polish Republic, from 1928 until 1935.	Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government	Second Polish Republic
country	Monte Rocchetta is a 1,575 m mountain near Lake Garda, close to the city of Riva del Garda in the Trentino province of Italy.	Monte Rocchetta	Italy
country	The Gleno Dam was a multiple-arch dam on the Gleno River in the Valle di Scalve in the northern Province of Bergamo, Italy.	Gleno Dam	Italy
country	Pestkownica (pɛstkɔvˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pestkownica	Poland
country	Lutocin (luˈtɔt͡ɕin) is a village in Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lutocin	Poland
country	The Georgetown Seawall Bandstand is an iron bandstand that is situated on the western end of Georgetown Seawall in Guyana.	Georgetown Seawall Bandstand	Guyana
country	Laoag International Airlines was an airline based in the Philippines.	Laoag International Airlines	Philippines
country	The Bihta Air Force Station is an Indian Air Force base in Bihta, Bihar, India.	Bihta Air Force Station	India
country	The Theodore Roosevelt International Highway was a transcontinental North American highway through the United States and Canada that ran from Portland, Maine, to Portland, Oregon.	Theodore Roosevelt International Highway	Canada
country	Deauville-Clairefontaine Racecourse is a horse race track located in Tourgéville near Deauville in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie région of France.	Deauville-Clairefontaine Racecourse	France
country	Zaņa parish (Latvian: Zaņas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Saldus Municipality, Latvia.	Zaņa parish	Latvia
country	Lago di Tom is a lake in the Piora Valley, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.	Lago di Tom	Switzerland
country	Mount Awu (Indonesian: Gunung Awu) is the largest volcano in the Sangihe chain, located in North Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Mount Awu	Indonesia
country	Goričice (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾiːtʃitsɛ)) is a small village northeast of Gorenje Jezero on the shore of Lake Cerknica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Goričice	Slovenia
country	The Port of Janghang is a port in South Korea, located in the county of Seocheon.	Port of Janghang	South Korea
country	Shamusilabi (Persian: شموسيلابي‎, also Romanized as Shamūsīlābī; also known as Shams ʿAlī Kandī and Shamū Salāvī) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District, Qarah Quyun District, Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shamusilabi	Iran
country	Nasiriyah (Arabic: الناصرية‎; BGN: An Nāşirīyah; also spelled Nassiriya or Nasiriya) is a city in Iraq.	Nasiriyah	Iraq
country	After the foundation of the two new German republics in 1949 the section of R 5 within the West German Federal Republic of Germany and in West Berlin became Bundesstraße 5 (literally in English: federal street) or B 5.	Bundesstraße 5	Germany
country	Modzele-Bartłomieje (mɔˈd͡zɛlɛ bartwɔˈmjɛjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Modzele-Bartłomieje	Poland
country	The Ngiri Reserve is a protected area of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Ngiri Reserve	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Lanín National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Lanín) is a national park of Argentina, located in the Neuquén Province, with forests of diverse tree varieties, mainly Fagaceae and conifers such as the lenga and the Araucaria, many species of which are not found elsewhere in Argentina.	Lanín National Park	Argentina
country	Football at the 1912 Summer Olympics was one of the 102 events at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden.	Football at the 1912 Summer Olympics	Sweden
country	The Great Mosque of Tlemcen (Arabic: الجامع الكبير لتلمسان‎, el-Jemaa el-Kebir litilimcen) was first built in Tlemcen, Algeria in 1082.	Great Mosque of Tlemcen	Algeria
country	Slatina v Rožni Dolini (pronounced (ˈslaːtina w ˈɾoːʒni dɔˈliːni); Slovene: Slatina v Rožni dolini) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Slatina v Rožni Dolini	Slovenia
country	Mowtowr-e Mir Dust (Persian: موتور مير دوست‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mīr Dūst) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Mir Dust	Iran
country	Giolitti is a well-known café and pastry shop, and the oldest ice cream parlor in Rome, Italy.	Giolitti	Italy
country	The hypothesized Mejillonia Terrane in the coast of northern Chile is considered by some geologists to be a single block with Cuyania.	Cuyania	Chile
country	Suji High School is a public high school (ages 16--18) in Yongin, South Korea.	Suji High School	South Korea
country	Levanger Hospital (Norwegian: Sykehuset Levanger) is a hospital located in the town of Levanger in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Levanger Hospital	Norway
country	Muskau Bend Landscape Park (Park Krajobrazowy Łuk Mużakowa) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in western Poland, established in 2001, covering an area of 182.00 square kilometres (70.27 sq mi).	Muskau Bend Landscape Park	Poland
country	Korgan is a town and district of Ordu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Korgan	Turkey
country	Ulanda is an administrative ward in the Iringa Rural District of the Iringa Region of Tanzania, East Africa.	Ulanda	Tanzania
country	Frankston railway station is the terminus for the Frankston and Stony Point lines in Victoria, Australia.	Frankston railway station	Australia
country	Figueira das Naus is a settlement in the western part of the island of Santiago, Cape Verde.	Figueira das Naus	Cape Verde
country	Inner Carniola (Slovene: Notranjska) is a traditional region of Slovenia, the southwestern part of the larger Carniola region.	Inner Carniola	Slovenia
country	Rostock Power Station is a bituminous coal-fired combined heat and power plant operated by Kraftwerks- und Netzgesellschaft mbH (KNG), located in Rostock, Germany.	Rostock Power Station	Germany
country	Ipeľské Úľany (Hungarian: Ipolyfödémes) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Ipeľské Úľany	Slovakia
country	Rietfontein is a town in ZF Mgcawu District Municipality (previously Siyanda District) in the Northern Cape province of South Africa.	Rietfontein	South Africa
country	Phulad is a village located in Marwar Junction tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan state of India.	Phulad	India
country	Maiduguri International Airport (IATA: MIU, ICAO: DNMA) is an airport serving Maiduguri, a city in the Borno State of Nigeria.	Maiduguri International Airport	Nigeria
country	Parc Merl is an urban park in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Parc Merl	Luxembourg
country	Qareh Aghach (Persian: قره آغاچ‎, also Romanized as Qareh Āghāch; also known as Qareh Āghāj) is a village in Tamran Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qareh Aghach	Iran
country	Jaranwala (Urdu: جڑانوالہ‎)is a city in the Faisalabad District of Punjab, Pakistan.	Jaranwala	Pakistan
country	Patgigan (Persian: پتگيگان‎, also Romanized as Patgīgān; also known as Patkīgān) is a village in Banestan Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Patgigan	Iran
country	La Chapelle-Iger is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region north-central France.	La Chapelle-Iger	France
country	Surrey Hills railway station is located on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria, Australia.	Surrey Hills railway station	Australia
country	Verkhne Vysotske (Ukrainian: Верхнє Висоцьке, Polish: Wysocko Wyżne) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine, situated in the Ukrainian part of the Carpathian Mountains.	Verkhne Vysotske	Ukraine
country	Solec nad Wisłą (ˈsɔlɛt͡s ˌnad ˈviswɔ̃) is a village in Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Solec nad Wisłą	Poland
country	Augerum House (Swedish: Augerums herrgård) is a manor house in Blekinge, Sweden.	Augerum House	Sweden
country	Linebazar is a small panchayat and village of Hathua block and Gopalganj district, in the state of Bihar in India.	Linebazar	India
country	Innsbruck Airport (IATA: INN, ICAO: LOWI), also known as Kranebitten Airport, is the largest international airport in Tyrol in western Austria.	Innsbruck Airport	Austria
country	The Casablanca Twin Center (Arabic: برجي الدار البيضاء‎, French: Tours Jumelles de Casablanca) is a complex of two skyscrapers located at Casablanca, Morocco.	Casablanca Twin Center	Morocco
country	Linha do Vouga (the Vouga line) is the last surviving metre gauge railway line in Portugal still operated by Comboios de Portugal.	Linha do Vouga	Portugal
country	Trashigang (Dzongkha: བཀྲ་ཤིས་སྒང་།), or Tashigang, is a town in eastern Bhutan and the district capital of the Trashigang Dzongkhag (district).	Trashigang	Bhutan
country	Edertal is a community in Waldeck-Frankenberg in northern Hesse, Germany.	Edertal	Germany
country	Jalan Sungai Dua (Penang state road P198) is a major road on the mainland in Penang, Malaysia.	Jalan Sungai Dua	Malaysia
country	Łysa Góra (ˈwɨsa ˈɡura) (Bald Mountain; also known as Łysiec or Święty Krzyż) is a well-known hill in Świętokrzyskie Mountains, Poland.	Łysa Góra	Poland
country	Novy Port (Russian: Но́вый Порт) is a settlement in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located on the mouth of the Ob River.	Novy Port	Russia
country	Bratilë is a community in the Elbasan County, central Albania.	Bratilë	Albania
country	Glen Vowell is an Indian reserve community of the Gitxsan people in the Hazelton area of the Skeena Country of northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Glen Vowell	Canada
country	Smętowo Graniczne (smɛnˈtɔvɔ ɡraˈnit͡ʂnɛ) (German: Schmentau) is a village in Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Smętowo Graniczne	Poland
country	Thamarit or Thumrayt is a village in Dhofar Governorate, in southwestern Oman.	Thamarit	Oman
country	The Bergpolderflat in the Rotterdam district Bergpolder (corner of Cooper Avenue and Borgesiusstraat Abraham) was the first gallery flat in the Netherlands .	Bergpolderflat	Netherlands
country	Maillane (name in French; Malhana in Occitan language) is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France in the former province of Provence.	Maillane	France
country	Korgen Church (Norwegian: Korgen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county, Norway.	Korgen Church	Norway
country	Kopri, primarily a residential Colony, is situated on the east side of Thane Railway station, Maharashtra, India.	Kopri	India
country	Middenmeer was established in 1932 under the name of Sluis III. Nearby the village was a military airfield Middenmeer in WO II used by the Ie Verkenningsgroep of the Royal Netherlands Air Force.	Middenmeer	Netherlands
country	Ćwików (ˈt͡ɕfikuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ćwików	Poland
country	Stehag is a locality situated in Eslöv Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 1,122 inhabitants in 2010.	Stehag	Sweden
country	Guissezholmen Bird Sanctuary (Norwegian: Guissezholmen fuglereservat) is a bird reserve at Svalbard, Norway, established in 1973.	Guissezholmen Bird Sanctuary	Norway
country	The South Shore Protestant Regional School Board (SSPRSB) was a Protestant Christian school district in Greater Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	South Shore Protestant Regional School Board	Canada
country	Sougoumba is a small town and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Koningué in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Sougoumba	Mali
country	The York University Busway is the collective name for a series of bus lanes and bus only roadways leading from Downsview station to York University, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	York University Busway	Canada
country	Varedan (Persian: واردان‎, also Romanized as Vāredān and Vārdān; also known as Vārīdān and Yārīdān) is a village in Irandegan Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Varedan	Iran
country	The Paraopeba River is a river in Brazil, flowing in the state of Minas Gerais.	Paraopeba River	Brazil
country	Tilag (Persian: تيلگ‎, also Romanized as Tīlag; also known as Neylak and Tīlak) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tilag	Iran
country	Linabuan Norte is the last barangay of Kalibo, Aklan, Philippines, going to Banga, Aklan.	Linabuan Norte	Philippines
country	Solband was a village in Balochistan, Pakistan, that was destroyed during the floods of 2007.	Solband	Pakistan
country	Manabri (also spelled Manambri) is a village in north-western Ivory Coast.	Manabri	Ivory Coast
country	Güreşen (Beğlevan) is a village in Borçka district of Artvin Province, Turkey.	Güreşen	Turkey
country	Sept-Frères (English: Seven Brothers) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.	Sept-Frères	France
country	Nahualá (Spanish pronunciation: (nawaˈla)) is a municipality in the Sololá department of Guatemala.	Nahualá	Guatemala
country	Shahrak-e Fakhran (Persian: شهرك فخران‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Fakhrān; also known as Fakhrān) is a village in Zohan Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Fakhran	Iran
country	Spaarndam is a small village in the province of North Holland, the Netherlands, on the Spaarne and IJ rivers.	Spaarndam	Netherlands
country	The Lade Line (Norwegian: Ladelinjen) was a tramway between Munkegata and Lade in Trondheim, Norway.	Lade Line	Norway
country	Butere is a town in Kakamega County of the former Western Province of Kenya.	Butere	Kenya
country	The Uglich Hydroelectric Station or Uglich GES (Russian: Угличская ГЭС) is a hydroelectric station on the Volga River in Uglich in Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia, and is the first of the Volga-Kama Cascade of dams.	Uglich Hydroelectric Station	Russia
country	The Chapada Diamantina National Park (Parque Nacional da Chapada Diamantina in Portuguese) is a 1,520 km² national park in the Chapada Diamantina region of the State of Bahia, Northeast Brazil.	Chapada Diamantina National Park	Brazil
country	Burati (Serbian: Бурати) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Burati	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sar Rig-e Sum (Persian: سرريگ سوم‎, also Romanized as Sar Rīg-e Sūm; also known as Sar Rīg-e Seh) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sar Rig-e Sum	Iran
country	Cuajimalpa de Morelos ( kwa 'ximalpa ) (more commonly known simply as Cuajimalpa) is one of the 16 boroughs of Mexico City.	Cuajimalpa	Mexico
country	Marina 1 is a cluster of six residential buildings in Dubai Marina in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Marina 1	United Arab Emirates
country	Keravan jäähalli (Kerava ice rink) is an indoor arena in Kerava, Finland.	Keravan jäähalli	Finland
country	Shaghol-e Bahar Ab (Persian: شغل بهاراب‎, also Romanized as Shaghol-e Bahār Āb; also known as Shākhol-e Bahār Āb and Shaqol-e Bahār Āb) is a village in Mansuri Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shaghol-e Bahar Ab	Iran
country	The Rogier Tower (Dutch: Rogiertoren, French: tour Rogier) is a skyscraper located in the Northern Quarter central business district of Saint-Josse-ten-Noode, Brussels, Belgium.	Rogier Tower	Belgium
country	Parodi Ligure is a comune in the province of Alessandria, part of Piedmont, in northwest Italy.	Parodi Ligure	Italy
country	On 31 December 2001, Portein was the smallest municipality in Switzerland in terms of population, with a population of 22.	Portein	Switzerland
country	V/Line is a government-owned corporation that operates the regional passenger train and coach services in Victoria, Australia.	V/Line	Australia
country	The Government Complex, Daejeon, which is located in Dunsan-dong, Seo-gu at the city of Daejeon, is a set of four buildings holding the following offices for the national government of South Korea:	Government Complex, Daejeon	South Korea
country	The Azergues is a river in the Rhône department, in eastern France.	Azergues	France
country	The Koishikawa Yojosho was a Japanese hospital located in Koishikawa, Edo, in what is now the Bunkyō municipality of the Tokyo Metropolis of modern Japan.	Koishikawa Yojosho	Japan
country	The University of the Aegean (Greek: Πανεπιστήμιο Αιγαίου) is a state, multi-campus university located in Lesvos, Chios, Samos, Rhodes, Syros and Lemnos, Greece.	University of the Aegean	Greece
country	The Botanischer Garten der Stadt Hof is a municipal botanical garden located in the Theresienstein park, at Alte Plauener Strasse 16, Hof, Bavaria, Germany.	Botanischer Garten der Stadt Hof	Germany
country	Saint Luke's Hospital, Angal, commonly known as Angal Hospital , is a private, community hospital in Angal Village, Nebbi District, West Nile sub-region, Northern Uganda.	Angal Hospital	Uganda
country	Kinh Thầy River is a river of Hải Dương Province in northeast Vietnam.	Kinh Thầy River	Vietnam
country	Hybe (in Hungarian: Hibbe) is a village and municipality in the Liptovský Mikuláš District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia.	Hybe	Slovakia
country	Narenj Bandben (Persian: نارنج بندبن‎, also Romanized as Nārenj Bandben) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District, Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Narenj Bandben	Iran
country	Grøns Pakhus (literally Grøn's Warehouse) is a former warehouse and retail establishment located on Holmens Kanal in the Gammelholm neighbourhood of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Grøns Pakhus	Denmark
country	Samandağ (Arabic: السويدية‎, as-Sūwaydīyah) is a town and district in Hatay Province of southern Turkey, at the mouth of the Orontes River on the Mediterranean coast, near Turkey's border with Syria, 25 km (16 mi) from the city of Antakya.	Samandağ	Turkey
country	The University of Toronto Institute for Aerospace Studies (UTIAS, /juːˈtaɪ.əs/ yew-TY-əs) is an advanced research facility for aeronautics and aerospace engineering, located in the Downsview district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	University of Toronto Institute for Aerospace Studies	Canada
country	Kroonstad (Afrikaans for Crown City, pronounced (krūn'stät)) is the third-largest town in the Free State province of South Africa and lies two hours drive from Gauteng.	Kroonstad	South Africa
country	The Cordillera de Mérida is a series of mountain ranges, or massif, in northwestern Venezuela.	Cordillera de Mérida	Venezuela
country	Tazeh Kand-e Yaft (Persian: تازه كنديافت‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Yāft; also known as Tāzeh Kand-e Chāy and Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Yaft	Iran
country	Drensko Rebro (pronounced (ˈdɾeːnskɔ ˈɾɛːbɾɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kozje in eastern Slovenia.	Drensko Rebro	Slovenia
country	Wólka Kobylańska (ˈvulka kɔbɨˈlaɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Kobylańska	Poland
country	Sønderby halt is a railway halt serving the southern part of the village of Tornby, Denmark.	Sønderby halt	Denmark
country	Piz Palü is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps, located between Switzerland and Italy.	Piz Palü	Switzerland	Italy
country	The Cairo International Film Festival (Arabic: مهرجان القاهرة السينمائي الدولي‎) is an annual film festival held in Cairo, Egypt.	Cairo International Film Festival	Egypt
country	According to a 2007 report in The Sun (Nigeria), it is about an hour's drive from Monguno to Cross Kauwa.	Cross Kauwa	Nigeria
country	Prežulje (pronounced (pɾɛˈʒuːljɛ); also Preža, Preže, or Prežulja; German: Präsuln or Presuln) is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Prežulje	Slovenia
country	Bonny Island is situated at the southern edge of Rivers State in the Niger Delta of Nigeria near Port Harcourt.	Bonny Island	Nigeria
country	Nogačevići (Serbian: Ногачевићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Nogačevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Fafsula is a settlement in Garissa County, Kenya, just north of Arawale National Reserve.	Fafsula	Kenya
country	Pavliš (Serbian Cyrillic: Павлиш) is a village in Serbia.	Pavliš	Serbia
country	Hjortshøj is a small railway town in Århus Municipality, Denmark.	Hjortshøj	Denmark
country	Turmantas (Polish: Turmont) is a town in the Zarasai district municipality, Lithuania.	Turmantas	Lithuania
country	The Citadel of Port-Louis is a citadel built in the 16th century by the Spaniards, then modified in the 17th century by the Frenchmen in Port-Louis (France).	Citadel of Port-Louis	France
country	Didié is a town located in the Pâ Department of Balé Province in the west African nation of Burkina Faso.	Didié	Burkina Faso
country	The Corin Dam is an earth and rockfill embankment dam with an uncontrolled side channel spillway across the Cotter River, located within Namadgi National Park in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.	Corin Dam	Australia
country	Hizabad-e Pain (Persian: هيزابادپايين‎, also Romanized as Hīzābād-e Pā’īn and Hiz Abad Pa’in) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hizabad-e Pain	Iran
country	Cape Egmont is the westernmost point of Taranaki, on the west coast of New Zealand's North Island.	Cape Egmont	New Zealand
country	Club Atlético Alumni (usually referred as Alumni de Villa María) is a football club from the city of Villa María, in Córdoba Province, Argentina.	Alumni de Villa María	Argentina
country	Miceku (also: Maja e Micekut) is a mountain in Dibër County, eastern Albania.	Miceku	Albania
country	Lindi is a coastal town located at the far end of the Lindi Bay, on the Indian Ocean in southeastern Tanzania.	Lindi	Tanzania
country	Emlak Konut Mimar Sinan Anatolian High School (Turkish: Emlak Konut Mimar Sinan Anadolu Lisesi) or EKMAL in short, is an Anatolian High School in Büyükçekmece, Istanbul, Turkey.	Emlak Konut Mimar Sinan Anadolu Lisesi	Turkey
country	Jaroszewice (jarɔʂɛˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jaroszewice	Poland
country	Dobrá Niva (German: Dobring; Hungarian: Dobronya) is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Dobrá Niva	Slovakia
country	The Wang Thong River (Thai: แคววังทอง, rtgs: Khwae Wang Thong, IPA: (kʰwɛː waŋ tʰɔːŋ), also known as the Khek River) is a river in Thailand.	Wang Thong River	Thailand
country	Węgrów (ˈvɛŋɡruf) is a town in eastern Poland with 12,561 inhabitants (31 December 2003).	Węgrów	Poland
country	It is also streamed over the Internet via Viking FM's website (listed in the external links), making it accessible to listeners from all across the United Kingdom.	Viking FM	United Kingdom
country	Mount Macdonald is a mountain peak located in the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia, Canada, immediately to the east of Rogers Pass in Glacier National Park.	Mount Macdonald	Canada
country	Nová Role (German: Neurohlau) is a town in the Czech Republic.	Nová Role	Czech Republic
country	The northern point of Rossøya, at 80° 49′ 44.41`` North, is the northernmost point in Svalbard, and thereby also in the Kingdom of Norway.	Rossøya	Norway
country	The Athens School of Fine Arts (ASFA; Greek: Ανωτάτη Σχολή Καλών Τεχνών, ΑΣΚΤ), is Greece's premier Art school whose main objective is to develop the artistic talents of its students.	Athens School of Fine Arts	Greece
country	Kampinos (kamˈpinɔs) is a village in Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kampinos	Poland
country	Abezhdan-e Sofla (Persian: ابژدان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ābezhdān-e Soflá; also known as Ābeshdūn and Ābeshdūn-e Soflá) is a village in Abolfares Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abezhdan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Chichigalpa (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈtʃitʃiˈɣalpa)) is a town and municipality in the Chinandega Department of Nicaragua.	Chichigalpa	Nicaragua
country	The temperature in Achhnera is typical of northern India, with cold nights in winter and heat waves in summer.	Achhnera	India
country	Hamilton Gardens is a public garden park in the south of Hamilton owned and managed by Hamilton City Council in New Zealand.	Hamilton Gardens	New Zealand
country	The Jewish cemetery of Chrzanów in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship is located outside the centre.	Jewish cemetery of Chrzanów	Poland
country	Małówka (maˈwufka) (Ukrainian: Малівка, Malivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niebylec, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Małówka	Poland
country	Kolatak (Azerbaijani: Kolatağ, Armenian: Քոլատակ also, K’olatak and Kolyatag) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan, currently under control of Armenian forces in Nagorno-Karabakh.	Kolatağ	Azerbaijan
country	Sens (French pronunciation: ​(sɑ̃s)) is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France, 120 km from Paris.	Sens	France
country	Bascharage-Sanem railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Nidderkäerjéng-Suessem, French: Gare de Bascharage-Sanem, German: Bahnhof Niederkerschen-Sassenheim) is a railway station serving the towns of Bascharage and Sanem, in the south-west of Luxembourg.	Bascharage-Sanem railway station	Luxembourg
country	Sexi District is one of eleven districts of the province Santa Cruz in northern Peru.	Sexi District	Peru
country	The Temple of Castor and Pollux (Italian: Tempio dei Dioscuri) is an ancient temple in the Roman Forum, Rome, central Italy.	Temple of Castor and Pollux	Italy
country	Bellver de Cerdanya is a town in the comarca of Cerdanya, province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.	Bellver de Cerdanya	Spain
country	Hallwyl Castle (German: Schloss Hallwyl; IPA: (halˈviːl)) is one of the most important moated castles in Switzerland.	Hallwyl Castle	Switzerland
country	The Museu Agbar de les Aigües is a fresh water pumping station and a museum in Cornellà de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain.	Museu Agbar de les Aigües	Spain
country	Haebangchon (Hangul: 해방촌 Hanja: 解放村) (Haebang - meaning: freedom or liberation, and Chon - meaning: village) is a district of Yongsan-gu, in Seoul, South Korea.	Haebangchon	South Korea
country	The Cassini map is the first general map of the Kingdom of France.	Cassini map	France
country	Dunstan High School is a state secondary school located in Alexandra, in the Central Otago district in the South Island of New Zealand.	Dunstan High School	New Zealand
country	The Palazzo Tarsis is an 18th-century mansion in Milan, northern Italy, built in the Neoclassical style.	Palazzo Tarsis	Italy
country	The Lido di Jesolo, or Jesolo Lido, is the beach area of the comune of Jesolo in the province of Venice, Italy.	Lido di Jesolo	Italy
country	Tsybuliv (Ukrainian: Цибулів) is an urban-type settlement in central Ukraine.	Tsybuliv	Ukraine
country	Stolovi (Serbian Cyrillic: Столови) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the city of Kraljevo.	Stolovi	Serbia
country	Jagoče (pronounced (ˈjaːɡɔtʃɛ)) is a settlement on the right bank of the Savinja River, north of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Jagoče	Slovenia
country	Jamame (Somali: Jamaame, Arabic: جمامة‎), also spelled Giamame, is a town in the southern Lower Juba (Jubbada Hoose) region of Somalia.	Jamame	Somalia
country	Soze (pronounced (ˈsoːzɛ); Italian: Sose) is a small village on a hill above Lake Mola southwest of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Soze	Slovenia
country	The Basel School of Business (also known as BSB) is a private business school in Basel, Switzerland.	Basel School of Business	Switzerland
country	Ampampamena Airport (ICAO: FMNZ) is an airport serving Ampampamena, Madagascar.	Ampampamena Airport	Madagascar
country	Van Mijenfjorden is the third-longest fjord in Norway's Svalbard archipelago.	Van Mijenfjorden	Norway
country	Zagori (Greek: Ζαγόρι), is a region and a municipality in the Pindus mountains in Epirus, in northwestern Greece.	Zagori	Greece
country	Krāslava District (Latvian: Krāslavas rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Latgale region, in the country's east.	Krāslava District	Latvia
country	Lotterywest established in 1932 (formally known as Lotteries Commission of Western Australia), runs the lottery in Western Australia.	Lotterywest	Australia
country	The New Brunswick Legislature is the legislature of the province of New Brunswick, Canada.	New Brunswick Legislature	Canada
country	Getargel (Armenian: Գետարգել), formerly known as Radiokayanin kits, is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Getargel	Armenia
country	Tennholmen Lighthouse (Norwegian: Tennholmen fyr) is a lighthouse in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.	Tennholmen Lighthouse	Norway
country	The Uhrencup is a pre-season football tournament hosted annually by FC Grenchen since 1962 (with the exception of 1967 and 1974), and is the oldest such tournament in Switzerland.	FC Grenchen	Switzerland
country	Kawthoolei is the Karen name for the state that the Karen people of Myanmar have been trying to establish since the late 1940s.	Kawthoolei	Myanmar
country	San Pa Yang (Thai: สันป่ายาง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Taeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	San Pa Yang	Thailand
country	Semikarakorsk (Russian: Семикарако́рск) is a town and the administrative center of Semikarakorsky District in Rostov Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Don River, 137 kilometers (85 mi) northeast of Rostov-on-Don, the administrative center of the oblast.	Semikarakorsk	Russia
country	Die Oog Conservation Area is a tiny 1.2-hectare (3.0-acre) nature reserve within the city of Cape Town, South Africa.	Die Oog Conservation Area	South Africa
country	Ait Ourir is a town and municipality in Al Haouz Province, Marrakech-Tensift-Al Haouz, Morocco.	Ait Ourir	Morocco
country	The Mısır Apartment or Mısır Apartmanı (Turkish for ``Egypt Apartment'') is a famed historical building on the renowned İstiklal Avenue in the Beyoğlu district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Mısır Apartment	Turkey
country	Pampa del Tamarugal (``Plateau of the Tamarugal'') is a vast plain encompassing a significant portion of the Norte Grande, Chile, and originally named for the Prosopis tamarugo trees that used to cover its surface.	Pampa del Tamarugal	Chile
country	The University of Salerno (Italian: Università degli Studi di Salerno, UNISA) is a university located in Salerno, Italy.	University of Salerno	Italy
country	Zahruiyeh (Persian: زهروييه‎, also Romanized as Zahrū’īyeh) is a village in Raviz Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zahruiyeh	Iran
country	Machowino-Kolonia Zachodnia (maxɔˈvinɔ kɔˈlɔɲa zaˈxɔdɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Machowino-Kolonia Zachodnia	Poland
country	Ann Siang Hill (Chinese: 安详山) is a small hill, and the name of a one-way road located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore.	Ann Siang Hill	Singapore
country	Municipal House (Czech: Obecní dům) is a civic building that houses Smetana Hall, a celebrate concert venue, in Prague, Czech Republic.	Municipal House	Czech Republic
country	Norddalsfjorden is a branch off of the main Storfjorden in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Norddalsfjorden	Norway
country	West Pesisir Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Pesisir Barat) is a new regency in Lampung Province of Indonesia.	West Pesisir Regency	Indonesia
country	Nutaarmiut (old spelling: Nutârmiut) is an island settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality, in northwestern Greenland.	Nutaarmiut	Greenland
country	Great Sankey forms part of Warrington South constituency of the United Kingdom Parliament.	Great Sankey	United Kingdom
country	Cape Jason (Turkish: Yason Burnu) (Turkish: Iason) (Ancient Greek: Ιάσων) is a cape located at Çaytepe / Çaka (officially Aziziye) villages, Perşembe (formerly Vona) district, Ordu Province, Turkey (The North East Shores of Turkey).	Cape Jason	Turkey
country	Varzina River (Russian: Варзина) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Varzina River	Russia
country	Topličane (Serbian Cyrillic: Топличане, Albanian: Topliçan) is a settlement in the Suva Reka municipality in the disputed region of Kosovo.	Topličane	Kosovo
country	The Zbrašov aragonite caves are a protected area in the district of Přerov, Czech Republic, that were proclaimed as a National Natural Landmark (Národní přírodní památka or NPP) to protect important hydrothermal karst areas of Europe.	Zbrašov aragonite caves	Czech Republic
country	Moaña is a municipality of 18,709 inhabitants located in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.	Moaña	Spain
country	Gesù Nuovo (Italian New Jesus) is the name of a church and a square in Naples, Italy.	Gesù Nuovo	Italy
country	The Morila Gold Mine is an open-pit gold mine situated 180 km south of Bamako, near the community of Sanso, in the Sikasso Region of Mali.	Morila Gold Mine	Mali
country	Robat-e Morad (Persian: رباطمراد‎, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Morād; also known as Robāt Murad, Shahkoobeh, Shahkūbeh, Shahkūyeh, and Shāku) is a village in Galehzan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Robat-e Morad	Iran
country	Poliçan is a city and a municipality situated in south-central Albania.	Poliçan	Albania
country	Taleqan-ye Do (Persian: طالقان دو‎, meaning ``Taleqan 2'', also Romanized as Ţāleqān-ye Do and Ţāleghānī-ye Do) is a village in Kashkan Rural District, Shahivand District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Taleqan-ye Do	Iran
country	The Bismarck Sea lies in the southwestern Pacific Ocean to the north of the island of Papua New Guinea and to the south of the Bismarck Archipelago and Admiralty Islands.	Bismarck Sea	Papua New Guinea
country	Manorcunningham, or Manor (Irish: Mainéar Uí Chuinneagáin) is a small village and townland in County Donegal, Ireland.	Manorcunningham	Ireland
country	Jelling is a village in Denmark with a population of 3,370 (1 January 2014), located in Jelling Parish approx. 10 km northwest of Vejle.	Jelling	Denmark
country	Marchinbar Island is the largest island in the Wessel Islands, Northern Territory, Australia, in the Arafura Sea.	Marchinbar Island	Australia
country	Pokok Mangga is a small town in Melaka state, Malaysia, which used to be bustling town during 70's and early 80's.	Pokok Mangga	Malaysia
country	Vikedal Church (Norwegian: Vikedal kyrkje) is a parish church in Vindafjord municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Vikedal Church	Norway
country	The Hunsrückquerbahn (English: Trans-Hunsrück Railway) is a deactivated railway located in the Hunsrück region of Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany.	Hunsrückquerbahn	Germany
country	The Varbola Stronghold (Latin: Castrum Warbole, Estonian: Varbola Jaanilinn) was the largest circular rampart fortress and trading centre built in Estonia, in Harju County (Latin: Harria) in the 10th -- 12th centuries.	Varbola Stronghold	Estonia
country	Moremonui is a location in the Northland Region of New Zealand, 19 kilometres (12 miles) south of Maunganui Bluff.	Moremonui	New Zealand
country	International School of Carthage (Arabic: مدرسة قرطاج الدولية) is a private school in Carthage, Tunisia that provides elementary and secondary education.	International School of Carthage	Tunisia
country	Feulen (Luxembourgish: Feelen) is a commune in central Luxembourg.	Feulen	Luxembourg
country	Lindewitt (Danish: Lindved) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Lindewitt	Germany
country	Tónlistarskólinn á Akureyri (The Music School of Akureyri) is a comprehensive music school located in Akureyri, Iceland.	Tónlistarskólinn á Akureyri	Iceland
country	Gonur Tepe is an archaeological site of about 55 hectares in Turkmenistan that was inhabited by Indo-Iranian peoples until sometime in the 2nd millennium BCE dating back to 2500 BCE.	Gonur Tepe	Turkmenistan
country	Yenakiieve (Ukrainian: Єнáкієве, Yenakiieve; Russian: Ена́киево, Yenakiyevo) is a city in the Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine and is incorporated as a city of oblast significance, a special status within the region equal to that of a raion (district).	Yenakiieve	Ukraine
country	Northcross is a suburb of North Shore, one of several cities in the Auckland metropolitan area in northern New Zealand.	Northcross	New Zealand
country	Faryab County (Persian: شهرستان فاریاب‎) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran.	Faryab County	Iran
country	Pelekas (Greek: Πέλεκας) is a village in the central part of the island of Corfu, Greece.	Pelekas	Greece
country	Keskese (Keskesse) is an archaeological site in Eritrea.	Keskese	Eritrea
country	Castelldefels Castle (Spanish: Castillo de Castelldefels; Catalan: Castell de Fels) is a frontier fortress in the town of Castelldefels, near Barcelona in Spain, that was built to defend the frontier of the Carolingian Empire against neighbouring Muslim territories, particularly the Caliphate of Córdoba.	Castelldefels Castle	Spain
country	La Nouvelle Revue Française (NRF, or The New French Review in English) is a literary magazine based in France.	Nouvelle Revue Française	France
country	Velika Goba (German: Großgoba) is a village west of Dole in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Velika Goba	Slovenia
country	Siam Park City (Thai: สวนสยาม; rtgs: Suan Sayam) is an amusement and water park in the Khan Na Yao district of Bangkok, Thailand.	Siam Park City	Thailand
country	Hanusará is a small river in the village of Sørvágur on the Faroe Islands.	Hanusará	Faroe Islands
country	The Taranaki Mountainairs are a New Zealand Communitybasketball team that compete in the National Basketball League (NBL).	Taranaki Mountainairs	New Zealand
country	Linexert is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in France's Franche-Comté region.	Linexert	France
country	Luntu Luntuni (hispanicized spelling Lunto Luntune) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 4,585.1 metres (15,043 ft) high.	Luntu Luntuni	Peru
country	Graham Bell Island (Russian: Остров Греэм-Белл) is an island located at 80.8663889°N 64.2891667°E in the Franz Josef Archipelago, Russia.	Graham Bell Island	Russia
country	The Canton of Marseille-Mazargues is a former canton within the commune of Marseille in the Bouches-du-Rhône department of France.	Canton of Marseille-Mazargues	France
country	Ramanathaswamy Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to god Shiva located on Rameswaram island in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Ramanathaswamy Temple	India
country	Templiner See is a lake in the state of Brandenburg, Germany.	Templiner See	Germany
country	Vrysochori (Greek: Βρυσοχώρι, Aromanian: Leshinitsa, Leshnitsa) is one of the Zagori villages (Zagorochoria), in the Ioannina regional unit, Greece.	Vrysochori	Greece
country	IRIB Salamat (شبكه‌ی سلامت ``Health Channel'', is an Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting television channel, broadcast in Worldwide. The channel is one of the newer television channels in Iran and was established in September 26, 2012. The channel's 24-hour-a-day broadcast includes Health Programs.	IRIB Salamat	Iran
country	The Association for Psychosocial Studies (APS), is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to promoting the academic discipline of psychosocial studies.	Association for Psychosocial Studies	United Kingdom
country	The Royal Order of Vasa (Kungliga Vasaorden) is a Swedish order of chivalry, awarded to citizens of Sweden for service to state and society especially in the fields of agriculture, mining and commerce.	Order of Vasa	Sweden
country	Merelbeke (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmeːrəlbeːkə)) is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders, in Belgium.	Merelbeke	Belgium
country	La Purisima Concepcion de la Virgen Maria Parish Church (also The Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary Parish Church), commonly known as Baclayon Church, is a Roman Catholic Church in the municipality of Baclayon, Bohol, Philippines within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tagbilaran.	Baclayon Church	Philippines
country	Nielbark (ˈɲelbark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nielbark	Poland
country	Darazo is a Local Government Area of Bauchi State, Nigeria.	Darazo	Nigeria
country	Tortuguero Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in Limón Province, northeastern Costa Rica.	Tortuguero Conservation Area	Costa Rica
country	The Anglican Diocese of Carpentaria was an Anglican diocese in northern Australia from 1900 to 1996.	Anglican Diocese of Carpentaria	Australia
country	Capo Mannu is a promontory in Sardinia, Italy.	Capo Mannu	Italy
country	Nowa Wieś Szlachecka (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nowa Wieś Szlachecka	Poland
country	Wayna Q'inti (Quechua machu old, old person, q'inti hummingbird, Q'inti a place nearby, ``old Q'inti'', hispanicized and mixed spellings Huaynaquente, Waynaquente, also Wayna Q'ente) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Wayna Q'inti	Peru
country	Radehova (pronounced (ˈɾaːdɛxɔʋa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia.	Radehova	Slovenia
country	The Unity Bridge (sometimes called ``Unity Bridge 1'') across Ruvuma River at Negomano, Mozambique, between Tanzania and Mozambique was proposed as early as 1975, shortly after Mozambique's independence.	Unity Bridge	Tanzania
country	Santa Maria ad Ogni Bene dei Sette Dolori, also known as Santa Maria de Sette Dolori, is a Roman Catholic church in Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria ad Ogni Bene dei Sette Dolori	Italy
country	Võhma (German: Wöchma) is a town and municipality in central Estonia, in Viljandi County.	Võhma	Estonia
country	Cairanne (Occitan: Cairana) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France whose inhabitants were locally nicknamed leis afrontaires de Cairana, the cheeky ones from Cairanne.	Cairanne	France
country	The Countship of Miraflores de los Angeles ( Condado de Miraflores de los Ángeles) is a comital title granted by Charles II of Spain on 28 November 1689 to Juan de Torres de Navarra y de la Vega Ponce de León (died 1719), with the previous title Vizconde de la Vega.	Countship of Miraflores de los Angeles	Spain
country	The School of Technology and Management of Oliveira do Hospital (Escola Superior de Tecnologia e Gestão de Oliveira do Hospital - ESTGOH) is an Higher Education School in Portugal, an organic unit of the Polytechnical Institute of Coimbra.	School of Technology and Management of Oliveira do Hospital	Portugal
country	Mignoré (also spelled Minyouré) is a village in western Ivory Coast.	Mignoré	Ivory Coast
country	Derna waterfalls (Arabic: شلال درنة‎) is a fresh water waterfall in the Jebel Akhdar Mountains, south of the city of Derna, in the northern Cyrenaica region of eastern Libya.	Derna waterfalls	Libya
country	Bašci (Serbian Cyrillic: Башци) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bašci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Haftkel County (Persian: شهرستان هفتکل‎) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran.	Haftkel County	Iran
country	Trevico is a town and comune in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy, a former bishopric and present Latin Catholic titular see.	Trevico	Italy
country	The Glasebacher Teich was an artificial reservoir or Kunstteich laid out near the village of Straßberg in the Harz Mountains of Germany for mining purposes.	Glasebacher Teich	Germany
country	Sant Benet (Susqueda) is a mountain of the Guilleries Massif, Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Benet (Susqueda)	Spain
country	Belon'i Tsiribihina (also known as Belo sur Tsiribihina or Belo - Tsiribihina) is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.	Belon'i Tsiribihina	Madagascar
country	Altzo is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain.	Altzo	Spain
country	The Peloritani (Sicilian: Piluritani, Italian: Monti Peloritani) are a mountain range of north-eastern Sicily, in southern Italy, extending for some 65 km from Capo Peloro to the Nebrodi Mountains.	Peloritani	Italy
country	Stare Motule (ˈstarɛ mɔˈtulɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Filipów, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Motule	Poland
country	Henri Pittier National Park is the oldest national park in Venezuela, originally created in 1937 under the name of Rancho Grande by decree of President Eleazar López Contreras.	Henri Pittier National Park	Venezuela
country	Punggi-eup (Hangeul: 풍기읍; Hanja: 豊基邑) is a town in the outer regions of Yeongju City, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea.	Punggi-eup	South Korea
country	Karsakpay (Russian: Карсакпай), is a town in Karaganda Region, Kazakhstan.	Karsakpay	Kazakhstan
country	Studentskrapan (``The Student Scraper''), even called Skrapan, is a dwelling skyscraper located in the central of Skövde in Västra Götaland County, Sweden, about 200 m from Skövde University College.	Studentskrapan	Sweden
country	The Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions, usually referred to by the acronym SAK (Finnish: Suomen Ammattiliittojen Keskusjärjestö, Swedish: Finlands Fackförbunds Centralorganisation, FFC) is the largest trade union confederation in Finland.	Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions	Finland
country	Hedeland is a 15-square-kilometre recreational area located between the towns of Hedehusene, Tune and Vindinge, some 20 km west of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Hedeland	Denmark
country	Tey 25 Pashahid Hoseyn Shahram Far (Persian: تي 25 پشهيد حسين شهرام فر‎, also Romanized as Tey 25 Pashahīd Ḩoseyn Shahrām Far) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tey 25 Pashahid Hoseyn Shahram Far	Iran
country	York Factory was a settlement and Hudson's Bay Company factory (trading post) located on the southwestern shore of Hudson Bay in northeastern Manitoba, Canada, at the mouth of the Hayes River, approximately 200 kilometres (120 mi) south-southeast of Churchill.	York Factory	Canada
country	Choveys-e Do (Persian: چويس دو‎; also known as Joveyz-e Do and Joveyzeh Do) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Choveys-e Do	Iran
country	The Belz Great Synagogue (Hebrew: בעלזא בית המדרש הגדול, Belz Bais HaMedrash HaGadol) is the largest synagogue in Israel.	Belz Great Synagogue	Israel
country	Fryshuset is an activity center for young people in Stockholm, Sweden offering social projects and educational programs.	Fryshuset	Sweden
country	Tour CBX or Tour Dexia is an office skyscraper located in Supercomplex 2 of the La Défense business district situated west of Paris, France.	Tour CBX	France
country	Lany Tounka (or Lani Tounka) is a small town and main settlement (chef-lieu) of the commune of Sony in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Lany Tounka	Mali
country	The Gosu Cave (고수동굴 - Kosu is also still found as an alternate spelling) is a huge limestone cave near Danyang (North Chungcheong Province), South Korea formed over 450 million years ago.	Gosu Cave	South Korea
country	Gaz Khan or Goz Khun is a village in the Wakhan in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.	Gaz Khan	Afghanistan
country	The Bylot Island Migratory Bird Sanctuary is a migratory bird sanctuary in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.	Bylot Island Migratory Bird Sanctuary	Canada
country	In more recent times, the road to Luz Ardiden has served as an occasional stage finish in Tour de France.	Luz Ardiden	France
country	The Petit Ballon (German: Kleiner Belchen) or Little Belchen, is one of the highest peaks of the Vosges Mountains in the department of Haut-Rhin, Alsace in France.	Petit Ballon	France
country	The Musée des beaux-arts de Quimper is an art museum in Quimper, Brittany, France.	Musée des beaux-arts de Quimper	France
country	Café La Biela (in English: The Connecting-rod Café) is a traditional café in the Recoleta district of Buenos Aires, Argentina situated at 600 Quintana Avenue on the corner of Junin street, opposite the church of Nuestra Senora del Pilar and the adjoining Recoleta Cemetery.	Café La Biela	Argentina
country	Aglen (Bulgarian: Ъглен) is a village in Lukovit Municipality, Lovech Province, in northern Bulgaria.	Aglen	Bulgaria
country	Strzelno-Wybudowanie (ˈstʂɛlnɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Strzelno-Wybudowanie	Poland
country	Aigrefeuille-d'Aunis is a French commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region of south-western France.	Aigrefeuille-d'Aunis	France
country	The Jewish Museum in Prague (Czech: Židovské muzeum v Praze) is a museum of Jewish heritage in the Czech Republic and one of the most visited museums in Prague.	Jewish Museum in Prague	Czech Republic
country	Gródek nad Dunajcem (ˈɡrudɛk nat duˈnajt͡sɛm) (``Little Town on the Dunajec'') is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 (it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975-1998).	Gródek nad Dunajcem	Poland
country	Romaniv (Ukrainian: Романів; formerly Dzerzhynsk, Ukrainian: Дзержинськ, translit. Dzerzhyns’k) is an urban-type settlement in Romaniv Raion (formerly Dzerzhynsk Raion), Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Romaniv	Ukraine
country	Gushin (Persian: گوشين‎, also Romanized as Gūshīn and Jūshīn) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gushin	Iran
country	Halwara is a township in Punjab state in India.	Halwara	India
country	The Valentine Falls is a waterfall on the Valentine Creek in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.	Valentine Falls	Australia
country	Mittelbau-Dora (also Dora-Mittelbau and Nordhausen-Dora) was a German Nazi concentration camp located near Nordhausen in Thuringia, Germany.	Mittelbau-Dora	Germany
country	Skotani (Greek: Σκοτάνη, before 1928: Κόκοβα - Kokova), is a small mountain village in the municipal unit of Paion, Achaea, Greece.	Skotani	Greece
country	Al Habbaniyah or Habbaniya (Arabic: الحبانية‎) is a city in Al-Anbar Province, in central Iraq.	Habbaniyah	Iraq
country	Gia Nghĩa Camp (also known as Gia Nghĩa Special Forces Camp) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base east of Gia Nghĩa in the Central Highlands of Vietnam.	Gia Nghĩa Camp	Vietnam
country	Wanda Mound (Polish: Kopiec Wandy) is a tumulus located in Mogiła (since 1949 a neighbourhood of district Nowa Huta) in Kraków, Poland.	Wanda Mound	Poland
country	Marshyntsi (Ukrainian: Маршинці; Romanian: Marșenița) is one of the Romanian-speaking villages of the Novoselytsia Raion (district) of Chernivtsi Oblast (province) in western Ukraine (the historical region of Bessarabia).	Marshyntsi	Ukraine
country	Huwyl Burg was a castle built between Römerswil and Hochdorf, nearby Lake Baldegg (Canton of Lucern, Switzerland).	Huwyl Burg	Switzerland
country	Örebro Central Station (Swedish: Örebro centralstation or Örebro C) is a railway station in Örebro, Sweden, located north of city center.	Örebro Central Station	Sweden
country	The Georges River, formerly known as Tucoerah River, is an intermediate tide dominated drowned valley estuary, located to the south and west of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Georges River	Australia
country	Cape Sheridan is on the northeastern coast of Ellesmere Island, Canada situated on the Lincoln Sea in the Arctic Ocean, on the mouth of Sheridan River, west bank.	Cape Sheridan	Canada
country	Subačius ( pronunciation ) is a city in Panevėžys County, northwestern Lithuania.	Subačius	Lithuania
country	The Latgalian Farmers Party (Latvian: Latgales Zemnieku partija) was a political party in Latvia in the inter-war period.	Latgalian Farmers Party	Latvia
country	Olav Kyrres plass is a square and area in Frogner in Oslo, Norway.	Olav Kyrres plass	Norway
country	Guldfågeln Arena is a football stadium in Kalmar, Sweden and the home of Allsvenskan club Kalmar FF. The stadium is located in the area known as Hansa City, in the North West of Kalmar.	Guldfågeln Arena	Sweden
country	Tarinkot or Tarin Kowt (Pashto: ترين کوټ‎, Persian: ترین‌کوت‎‎) is the capital of Urozgan Province (also written ``Uruzgan'') in southern Afghanistan in the Tarinkot District.	Tarinkot	Afghanistan
country	Boja Manor (Latvian: Boju muižas pils) is a manor house in Kazdanga parish, Aizpute municipality, in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Boja Manor	Latvia
country	La Binerie Mont-Royal is a lunch counter-style restaurant in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, specializing in traditional Quebec cuisine, including its signature baked beans.	La Binerie Mont-Royal	Canada
country	Laucala (pronounced (lauˈðala)) is one of a triplet of small islands that lie to the east of Thurston Point on the island of Taveuni in Fiji.	Laucala	Fiji
country	The Irrigation Way is a major regional highway that runs approximately 88 kilometres (55 mi) through the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area in south western New South Wales, Australia.	Irrigation Way	Australia
country	Bishan Stadium (Malay: Stadium Bishan; Chinese: 碧山體育場) is a multi-purpose stadium in Bishan, Singapore, with a capacity of 4,000 people.	Bishan Stadium	Singapore
country	Vieska nad Blhom (Hungarian: Balogújfalu) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Vieska nad Blhom	Slovakia
country	Bears' Cave (Romanian: Peștera Urșilor) is located the western Apuseni Mountains, on the outskirts of Chişcău village, Bihor County, northwestern Romania.	Bears' Cave	Romania
country	Nolinsk (Russian: Ноли́нск) is a town and the administrative center of Nolinsky District in Kirov Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Voya River (Vyatka's tributary), 143 kilometers (89 mi) south of Kirov, the administrative center of the oblast.	Nolinsk	Russia
country	Club San Andrés, simply known as San Andrés, is a sports club from the Olivos neighborhood of Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Club San Andrés	Argentina
country	San Pedro de Coche is a town on Isla Margarita, in the state of Nueva Esparta, Venezuela.	San Pedro de Coche	Venezuela
country	Korzystno (kɔˈʐɨstnɔ) (German: Alt Werder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Korzystno	Poland
country	Sar Jameh Shuran (Persian: سرجامه شوران‎, also Romanized as Sar Jāmeh Shūrān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sar Jameh Shuran	Iran
country	Mount DeVeber (sometimes spelled De Veber) is a mountain in Willmore Wilderness Park in Alberta, Canada.	Mount DeVeber	Canada
country	Coatascorn (Breton: Koadaskorn) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Coatascorn	France
country	Suruga Bay (駿河湾, Suruga-wan) is a bay on the Pacific coast of Honshū in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan.	Suruga Bay	Japan
country	Farewell Spit is a narrow sand spit at the northern end of the Golden Bay, South Island of New Zealand.	Farewell Spit	New Zealand
country	Pingelap is an atoll in the Pacific Ocean, part of Pohnpei State of the Federated States of Micronesia, consisting of three islands:	Pingelap	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Alamudun or Alamedin is a town and northern suburb of Bishkek in Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan, a seat of Alamudun District (raion).	Alamudun	Kyrgyzstan
country	Selizharovo (Russian: Селижа́рово) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Selizharovsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia situated at the confluence of the Selizharovka and Volga Rivers.	Selizharovo	Russia
country	Bağcılar is a working class suburban district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Bağcılar	Turkey
country	Doubtless Bay is a bay situated on the east coast of the Northland Region, north-east of Kaitaia, in New Zealand.	Doubtless Bay	New Zealand
country	Siedlce (Polish pronunciation: ('ɕɛdlt͡sɛ)) (Yiddish: שעדליץ Shedlits‎, Russian: Седльце Sedlets) is a city in eastern Poland with 76,585 inhabitants (as of 2014).	Siedlce	Poland
country	Skanör Church (Swedish: Skanörs kyrka, also known as the Church of St. Olof, Swedish: S:t Olofs kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in Skanör, Sweden.	Skanör Church	Sweden
country	Losiny Ostrov National Park (Russian: Национальный парк ``Лосиный Остров'', literally - Moose Island) is the first national park of Russia.	Losiny Ostrov National Park	Russia
country	The Dahlerau train disaster was a railway accident that took place on May 27, 1971 in Dahlerau, a small town in Radevormwald, West Germany, in which a freight train and a passenger train collided head-on.	Dahlerau train disaster	Germany
country	Rosso is the major city of south-western Mauritania and capital of Trarza region.	Rosso	Mauritania
country	Boust (German: Bust) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Boust	France
country	Újpalota is a panel housing estate in the 15th district of Budapest, Hungary.	Újpalota	Hungary
country	The Bezen Perrot (formerly Bezen Kadoudal) was a Breton collaborationist force during the Nazi occupation of France that grew from the earlier Lu Brezhon militia.	Bezen Perrot	France
country	Herren-Sulzbach (``Lords'' Sulzbach'') is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Kusel district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Herren-Sulzbach	Germany
country	Rangitoto Island is a volcanic island in the Hauraki Gulf near Auckland, New Zealand.	Rangitoto Island	New Zealand
country	Klecany is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic, situated on the Vltava river to the north of Prague.	Klecany	Czech Republic
country	The Scottish Storytelling Centre, the world's first purpose built modern centre for live storytelling, is located on the High Street in Edinburgh's Royal Mile, Scotland, United Kingdom.	Scottish Storytelling Centre	United Kingdom
country	PAF Base Nur Khan (previously known as PAF Base Chaklala) is an active Pakistan Air Force airbase located in Chaklala, Rawalpindi, Punjab province, Pakistan.	PAF Base Nur Khan	Pakistan
country	Gudauta District is a district of Abkhazia, Georgia's breakaway republic.	Gudauta District	Georgia
country	Remire-Montjoly (often unofficially spelled Rémire-Montjoly) is a commune of French Guiana, an overseas region and department of France located in South America.	Remire-Montjoly	France
country	Erzurum Province (Turkish: Erzurum ili) is a province of Turkey in the Eastern Anatolia Region of the country.	Erzurum Province	Turkey
country	Deutsche Schule Madrid (DSM: Spanish: Colegio Alemán Madrid) is a German international school in Madrid, Spain.	Deutsche Schule Madrid	Spain
country	Vértesacsa (also Vértes-Acsa, German: Atscha) is a village in Fejér county, Hungary, near the city of Székesfehérvár (25 km to the north).	Vértesacsa	Hungary
country	Praslin Island Airport (IATA: PRI, ICAO: FSPP) also known as Iles des Palmes Airport, is an airport located at Grand Anse on Praslin Island in the Seychelles.	Praslin Island Airport	Seychelles
country	Gorica Monastery (Croatian: Samostan Gorica) is a Franciscan monastery in Gorica near Livno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gorica Monastery	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Yert (Russian: Ерт) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Shologonsky Rural Okrug of Gorny District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 80 kilometers (50 mi) from Berdigestyakh, the administrative center of the district.	Yert	Russia
country	The Navarangahala (``New Theater''), in Colombo, is one of the main national theatres of Sri Lanka.	Navarangahala	Sri Lanka
country	The Schildergasse (pronounced (ˈʃɪldɐˌɡasə), Colognian: Schelderjaß pronounced (ˌɚeɫˑdɐˈjasˑ)) is a shopping street in central Cologne, Germany, and with 13,000 people passing through every hour, it is the busiest shopping street in Europe.	Schildergasse	Germany
country	The Gruta Rei do Mato (MG-3653) is a cave located at the edge of the BR-040 highway, close to the off ramp to the city of Sete Lagoas, in Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Gruta Rei do Mato	Brazil
country	Nawa-I-Barakzayi is a village and the district center of Nawa-I-Barakzayi District, Helmand Province, Afghanistan.	Nawa-I-Barakzayi	Afghanistan
country	Titanium La Portada is an office building in Santiago, Chile.	Titanium La Portada	Chile
country	Jrvezh (Armenian: Ջրվեժ), meaning ``waterfall'', is a major village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia, located at the eastern outskirts of the capital Yerevan.	Jrvezh	Armenia
country	Commanda Lake (or Lake Commanda) is a lake in central Ontario, Canada.	Commanda Lake	Canada
country	The Bay of Palma (Catalan: Badia de Palma, Spanish: Bahía de Palma) is a bay located to the south of Palma, Majorca, Spain.	Bay of Palma	Spain
country	Pitsiota is a village in the municipal unit of Agios Georgios Tymfristou, Phthiotis, Greece, northwest of Lamia.	Pitsiota	Greece
country	Markham GO Station is a railway station in the GO Transit network located on Markham Main Street North in Markham, Ontario in Canada.	Markham GO Station	Canada
country	Yuldong Park (율동공원) is a park located at Yul-dong, Bundang-gu, Seongnam, South Korea.	Yuldong Park	South Korea
country	Dowla Pasan (Persian: دولاپسان‎, also Romanized as Dowlā Pasān; also known as Dolāpesān, Doleh Pasān, and Dowleh Pasān) is a village in Dasht Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dowla Pasan	Iran
country	The King Township Public Library is a public library system that serves King Township, Ontario in Canada.	King Township Public Library	Canada
country	The Ramganga Dam, also known as the Kalagarh Dam, is an embankment dam on the Ramganga River 3 km (2 mi) upstream of Kalagarh in Pauri Garhwal district, Uttarakhand, India.	Ramganga Dam	India
country	Bački Sokolac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бачки Соколац) is a village in Serbia.	Bački Sokolac	Serbia
country	Auala is a small village on the northwest coast of Savai'i island in Samoa.	Auala	Samoa
country	Jika Jika Province was an electorate of the Victorian Legislative Council in Victoria, Australia.	Jika Jika Province	Australia
country	Lukaya District is a district located in the Bas-Congo province, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lukaya District	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Lachanas (Greek: Λαχανάς) is a village and a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.	Lachanas	Greece
country	Greek National Road 9 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 9, abbreviated as EO9) is a single carriageway with at-grade intersections in the West Greece and Peloponnese regions.	Greek National Road 9	Greece
country	Ice hockey at the 2006 Winter Olympics was held at the Torino Palasport Olimpico and the Torino Esposizioni in Turin, Italy.	Ice hockey at the 2006 Winter Olympics	Italy
country	Heritage Bank Limited is Australia's largest mutual bank.	Heritage Bank	Australia
country	Qandala District (Somali: Degmada Qandala), also spelled Candala District is a district in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia.	Qandala District	Somalia
country	Kimaka is a neighborhood in the city of Jinja, in the Eastern Region of Uganda.	Kimaka	Uganda
country	Schweizerischer Burgenverein is a Swiss voluntary association dedicated to the study and preservation of medieval castles in Switzerland.	Schweizerischer Burgenverein	Switzerland
country	Willich (('vɪllɪç)) is a town in the district of Viersen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Willich	Germany
country	The Democratic Unity Alliance (Tamil: சனநாயக ஒன்றுமைக் கூட்டணி Caṉanāyaka Oṉṟumaik Kūṭṭaṇi) is a registered political party in Sri Lanka.	Democratic Unity Alliance	Sri Lanka
country	Flint Island is an uninhabited coral atoll in the central Pacific Ocean, part of the Southern Line Islands under the jurisdiction of Kiribati.	Flint Island	Kiribati
country	Abdasa Taluka is a taluka (administrative subdivision) in Kutch District, Gujarat, India.	Abdasa Taluka	India
country	Labuhan Lombok is a port town in eastern Lombok, Indonesia, 74 kilometres east of the city of Mataram.	Labuhan Lombok	Indonesia
country	Khost or Khowst (Pashto/Persian: خوست) is a city in eastern Afghanistan.	Khost	Afghanistan
country	Beremend (Croatian: Breme) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Beremend	Hungary
country	Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building is a 12-storied building in Chennai, India, serving as the chief administrative building of the Chennai Port Trust.	Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building	India
country	Długołęka-Świerkla (dwuɡɔˈwɛŋka ˈɕfʲɛrkla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podegrodzie, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Długołęka-Świerkla	Poland
country	Alatala is abandoned village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Alatala	Armenia
country	The Engineers Museum (officially The pioneer museum, in Finnish: valtakunnallinen, i.e., all-national, Pioneerimuseo, in Russian: Музей саперных войск) is the oldest corps museum in Finland.	Engineers Museum	Finland
country	Campo de Gibraltar (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkampo ðe xiβɾalˈtar), ``Gibraltar Countryside'') is a comarca (county) in the province of Cádiz, Spain, in the southwestern part of the autonomous community of Andalusia, the southernmost part of mainland Europe.	Campo de Gibraltar	Spain
country	Mondah Forest is a legally protected coastal forest in Komo-Mondah Department, northwest Gabon.	Mondah Forest	Gabon
country	Sumbe Airport (IATA: NDD, ICAO: FNSU) is an airport serving the city of Sumbe in Angola.	Sumbe Airport	Angola
country	Metrópoli Patriotismo is a shopping center at Av. Patriotismo 229, in the San Pedro de los Pinos neighborhood in Mexico City.	Metrópoli Patriotismo	Mexico
country	Huamachuco is a town in northern Peru and capital of the province Sánchez Carrión in La Libertad Region.	Huamachuco	Peru
country	Neyriz Integrated Quarry (Persian: مجتمع معادن سنگ ني ريز‎ -- Mojtame` M``ādan Sang-e Neyrīz) is a village and company town in Hana Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9, in 6 families.	Neyriz Integrated Quarry	Iran
country	Nowadays the Taymyr Gulf is part of the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve, the largest nature reserve of Russia.	Taymyr Gulf	Russia
country	Transvaal Park was a popular waterpark in Yasenevo, a south district of Moscow, Russia.	Transvaal Park	Russia
country	Paine Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Paine, ICAO: SCAU) is a public use airport located 16 kilometres (10 mi) west-southwest of Paine, Santiago Metropolitan, Chile.	Paine Airport	Chile
country	The Seohaean Expressway (Korean: 서해안 고속도로; Seohaean Gosok Doro), meaning ``West Coast Expressway'', is a freeway in South Korea, connecting Mokpo to Gunsan, Dangjin, and Seoul.	Seohaean Expressway	South Korea
country	Radomlje (pronounced (ˈɾaːdɔmljɛ); German: Radomle) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River north of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Radomlje	Slovenia
country	The Serre Calabresi or Calabrian Serre (Calabrian dialect: Serra) are a mountain and hill area of Calabria, southern Italy, characterized by large extents of woods.	Serre Calabresi	Italy
country	City Rise is an inner suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin.	City Rise	New Zealand
country	Soľnička (Hungarian: Szolnocska) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south-eastern Slovakia.	Soľnička	Slovakia
country	Tasisat-e Sadd-e Latian (Persian: تأسيسات سدلتيان‎‎, also Romanized as Ta'sīsāt-e Sadd-e Latyān) is a village in Lavasan-e Bozorg Rural District, Lavasanat District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Tasisat-e Sadd-e Latian	Iran
country	Kulykіvka (Ukrainian: Куликівка; Romanian: Culiceni) is a commune (selsoviet) in Hertsa Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Kulykіvka	Ukraine
country	Puttershoek is a town and former municipality in the western Netherlands.	Puttershoek	Netherlands
country	The Arauco Peninsula (Spanish: península de Arauco), is a peninsula in Southern Chile located in the homonymous Arauco Province.	Arauco Peninsula	Chile
country	Nowa Mała Wieś (ˈnɔva ˈmawa ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Mała Wieś	Poland
country	Cape St. George is the southernmost point on the island of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea, at 4.850°S 152.877°E. It was the namesake for the Battle of Cape St. George, fought on 26 November 1943, between New Ireland and Buka.	Cape St. George	Papua New Guinea
country	Kal Karimi (Persian: كل كرمي‎, also Romanized as Kal Karīmī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kal Karimi	Iran
country	The Unki mine is an underground mine located in the center part of Zimbabwe in Gweru, Midlands Province.	Unki mine	Zimbabwe
country	Malolos, officially the City of Malolos (Filipino: Lungsod ng Malolos), is a first class urban component city in the Philippines.	Malolos	Philippines
country	Ba Bể Lake (Vietnamese: Hồ Ba Bể; Ba means Three, Bể is from the Tay language word pé, meaning ``lake'') is the largest natural lake in Vietnam.	Ba Bể Lake	Vietnam
country	The Old Salt Route was a medieval trade route in northern Germany, one of the ancient network of salt roads which were used primarily for the transport of salt and other staples.	Old Salt Route	Germany
country	Nevsky District (Russian: Не́вский райо́н) is a district of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia.	Nevsky District	Russia
country	Uppsalaåsen is an esker ridge that winds its way across Uppland in Sweden.	Uppsalaåsen	Sweden
country	La Amelia is a Pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site near Itzan, in the lower Pasión River region of the Petén Department of Guatemala.	La Amelia	Guatemala
country	Kirseberg (literally ``Cherry hill'') was a city district (Swedish: stadsdel) in the north of Malmö Municipality, Sweden.	Kirseberg	Sweden
country	Csanádpalota (in Romanian: Palatul Cenad) is a town in the Makó-region of Csongrád county, in Hungary's Southern Great Plain.	Csanádpalota	Hungary
country	The Lage vuurtoren van IJmuiden (``low lighthouse of IJmuiden'') is a round, cast-iron lighthouse in IJmuiden, Netherlands, designed by Quirinus Harder.	Lage vuurtoren van IJmuiden	Netherlands
country	Lodine (Sardinian: Lodìne) is a town and comune in the province of Nuoro, Sardinia, Italy.	Lodine	Italy
country	Mont Caro (Catalan pronunciation: (muŋ ˈkaɾu), locally: (moŋ ˈkaɾo)) or Caro is the highest mountain of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit, Catalonia, Spain.	Mont Caro	Spain
country	The Pipeline Headquarter of Oil India situated in Narengi.	Narengi	India
country	Kríže (German: Kreuz) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Kríže	Slovakia
country	Libmanan Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Libmanan, Bikol: Palayogan nin Libmanan) is a planned Botog Lang airport that would serve the municipality of Libmanan and also the Province of Camarines Sur in the Philippines.	Libmanan Airport	Philippines
country	Ra's Lanuf Airport is an airport in the Sirte District of Libya, located approximately 227 km south-southwest of Benghazi.	Ra's Lanuf Airport	Libya
country	Srednja Bela (pronounced (ˈsɾeːdnja ˈbeːla); German: Mittervellach) is a village in the Municipality of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Srednja Bela	Slovenia
country	Cadet College Swat is an established military prep school and college located in Swat, Pakistan.	Cadet College Swat	Pakistan
country	Vysoké Studnice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvɪsokɛːˈstuɟɲɪtsɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Vysoké Studnice	Czech Republic
country	The original High School of Glasgow was founded as the Choir School of Glasgow Cathedral in around 1124, and was the oldest school in Scotland, and the twelfth oldest in the United Kingdom until its closure in 1976.	High School of Glasgow	United Kingdom
country	The Brockville railway station in Brockville, Ontario, Canada is served by Via Rail trains running from Toronto to Ottawa and Montreal.	Brockville railway station	Canada
country	Samachablo (Georgian: სამაჩაბლო) is a Georgian historical district in Shida Kartli, Georgia, which lies entirely within the disputed South Ossetia Region.	Samachablo	Georgia
country	Kalateh-ye Reza Khan (Persian: كلاته رضاخان‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Reẕā Khān and Kalāteh-ye Rezā Khān; also known as Kalāteh and Kalāteh-ye Yūsef) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Reza Khan	Iran
country	Sediq Zehi (Persian: صديق زهي‎, also Romanized as Şedīq Zehī; also known as Şaddīqzī and Şeddīq Zā’ī) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sediq Zehi	Iran
country	Buildings in Kappara Stella Maris College Antonio Bosio Secondary School Chiswick House School University of Malta Mater Dei Hospital Ta' Cieda Tower Ta' Xindi Farmhouse	Kappara	Malta
country	Carters Beach is a small town on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island, located 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Westport on State Highway 67a.	Carters Beach	New Zealand
country	Abakan International Airport (Russian: Международный Аэропорт Абакан, IATA: ABA, ICAO: UNAA) is an airport located in Abakan, Republic of Khakassia, Russia.	Abakan International Airport	Russia
country	The Sanctuary of Our Lady of Ludźmierz in Ludźmierz, Poland is home to Our Lady of Ludźmierz, known as the Shepherdess of Podhale or in Polish Gaździna Podhala.	Sanctuary of Our Lady of Ludźmierz	Poland
country	Kovanj (Serbian: Ковањ) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kovanj	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hatyai Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลหาดใหญ่) is a general hospital in Hat Yai, Songkhla Province, Thailand.	Hatyai Hospital	Thailand
country	Hellak (Persian: هلك‎, also Romanized as Helak) is a village in Famur Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hellak	Iran
country	Potoška Vas (pronounced (pɔˈtoːʃka ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Potoška vas, German: Potoschkawas) is a village north of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Potoška Vas	Slovenia
country	Juvasshytta is a mountain tourist station with restaurant and accommodation, located in Jotunheimen, in Lom municipality, Norway.	Juvasshytta	Norway
country	German submarine U-847 was a long-range Type IXD2 U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. Laid down in Bremen and launched on 5 September 1942.	German submarine U-847	Germany
country	Kočevska Reka (pronounced (kɔˈtʃeːu̯ska ˈɾeːka); German: Rieg) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Kočevska Reka	Slovenia
country	Center Sandholm, or Sandholm, is a public institution for asylum seekers in Denmark.	Center Sandholm	Denmark
country	Hammam Qaleh (Persian: حمامقلعه‎, also Romanized as Ḩammām Qal``eh) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 883, in 208 families.	Hammam Qaleh	Iran
country	Białczyn (ˈbjau̯t͡ʂɨn) (German: Lilienthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Białczyn	Poland
country	Beginning in the later half of the 19th century, many emigrated from Kasos, initially to Egypt (about 5,000 people), then to Istanbul, Greece, USA and South Africa.	Kasos	Greece
country	Kalueh (Persian: كلوعه‎, also Romanized as Kalū``eh) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 6 families.	Kalueh	Iran
country	Canadian Bush Party is a Canadian punk trio from Canada, formed by Sheppy Fortrell, Jimi Payne, and Bucky Lopez in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1977.	Canadian Bush Party	Canada
country	The Brockville Ontario Speedway is a 3/8 mile dirt track in the community of Forthton, Ontario, Canada.	Brockville Ontario Speedway	Canada
country	Sachs Harbour is a hamlet located in the Inuvik Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Sachs Harbour	Canada
country	The World Costume Festival is an international fashion festival held every two years in the Philippines city of Vigan City in Ilocos Sur.	World Costume Festival	Philippines
country	The Pamir-Alay (also Pamiro-Alai, Russian: Памиро-Алай) is a mountain system in Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan, part of the Pamir Mountains.	Pamir-Alay	Tajikistan	Kyrgyzstan	Uzbekistan
country	Tarapoa is located in the province of Sucumbíos in Ecuador.	Tarapoa	Ecuador
country	Gol Besar (Persian: گل بسر‎) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gol Besar	Iran
country	The Bayernhymne (Hymn of Bavaria) is the official anthem of the Free State of Bavaria.	Bayernhymne	Bavaria
country	Teatro de La Caridad or Teatro La Caridad (Spanish for ``Charity's Theater''), located in Santa Clara, is one of the few remaining colonial theatres in Cuba.	Teatro La Caridad	Cuba
country	Aouderas (alt: Adharous, Auderas) is an oasis village in the Aïr Mountains of northeastern Niger, about 90 km (56 mi) north-northeast of the regional capital of Agadez.	Aouderas	Niger
country	Confignon is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.	Confignon	Switzerland
country	The Émosson Dam (French: Barrage d'Émosson) is a hydroelectric dam development located in Switzerland in the canton of Valais.	Émosson Dam	Switzerland
country	The Port of Kolkata (Bengali: কলকাতা বন্দর) is a riverine port in the city of Kolkata, India, located around 203 kilometres (126 mi) from the sea.	Port of Kolkata	India
country	Dilworth School is an independent (private) full boarding school for boys in Auckland, New Zealand.	Dilworth School	New Zealand
country	Het Noord Nederlands Orkest (NNO; English, North Netherlands Symphony Orchestra) is a Dutch symphony orchestra based in Groningen.	Noord Nederlands Orkest	Netherlands
country	Sasolburg is a large industrial town in the far north of the Free State province of South Africa.	Sasolburg	South Africa
country	Yamasubaru Dam is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1932.	Yamasubaru Dam	Japan
country	Leqinat lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Leqinatit or Leqinati or Liqeni i Kuqishtës; Serbian: Jezero Lićenat, Језеро Лићенат) is a mountain lake found on the Mount Leqinat in the Prokletije range in western Kosovo.	Leqinat lake	Kosovo
country	Alstermo IF Handboll are a professional handball team based in Alstermo, Sweden.	Alstermo IF Handboll	Sweden
country	The Château du Verduron also known as the Château des Sphinx owes its original fame to Louis Blouin, who held the prominent position of head valet in the court of Louis XIV of France from 1704 until 1715.	Château du Verduron	France
country	The Battle of the Paracel Islands was a military engagement between the naval forces of the People's Republic of China (PRC) and those of the Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam) in the Paracel Islands on January 19, 1974.	Battle of the Paracel Islands	People's Republic of China
country	Stanjevci (pronounced (ˈstaːnjɛu̯tsi); Hungarian: Kerkaszabadhegy) is a village in the Municipality of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Stanjevci	Slovenia
country	Telectronics Pty Limited was incorporated in Sydney, Australia, in 1963(1)(2)(3) by technician and initial financier Noel Gray and engineer Geoffrey Wickham initially designing and manufacturing industrial and scientific instruments but diversifying into medical electronics and commencing cardiac pacemaker research in 1964.	Telectronics	Australia
country	Kaligandaki A Hydroelectric Power Station is situated near Mirmi of Syangja District about 300 km to the west of Kathmandu and 100 km from Pokhara in the same direction in Nepal.	Kaligandaki A Hydroelectric Power Station	Nepal
country	European School of Law and Administration (ESLA) (Polish: Europejska Wyższa Szkoła Prawa i Administracji (EWSPA)) established in Warsaw (Poland, EU) is a private Polish University founded in 1997.	European School of Law and Administration	Poland
country	Grgići (Serbian: Гргићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grgići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Hungry Mile is the name harbourside workers gave to the docklands area of Darling Harbour East, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia in the Great Depression.	The Hungry Mile	Australia
country	San Phak Wan (Thai: สันผักหวาน) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Hang Dong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	San Phak Wan	Thailand
country	Uolba (Russian: Уолба) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Uolbinsky Rural Okrug of Tattinsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 33 kilometers (21 mi) from Ytyk-Kyuyol, the administrative center of the district.	Uolba	Russia
country	The Leveson-Gower Dukes of Sutherland became one of the richest families in the United Kingdom partly as a result of this industrial development and in the late nineteenth century built a new residence, Lilleshall Hall which lies at the heart of the estate a mile from the village.	Lilleshall	United Kingdom
country	The Koralpe (Slovene: Golica or Gola planina), also referred to as Koralm, is a mountain range in southern Austria which separates eastern Carinthia from southern Styria.	Koralpe	Austria
country	Northwich has been named as one of the best places to live in the United Kingdom according to The Sunday Times in 2014.	Northwich	United Kingdom
country	Suure-Jaani is a town in the northern part of the county of Viljandimaa in Southern Central Estonia, 25 kilometres north of the town of Viljandi.	Suure-Jaani	Estonia
country	Cesano Maderno is a town and comune of about 37,110 inhabitants in the province of Monza and Brianza, Lombardy, northern Italy.	Cesano Maderno	Italy
country	Orizona is a municipality in Goiás state, Brazil.	Orizona	Brazil
country	Storö-Bockö-Lökaö Nature Reserve (Swedish: Storö-Bockö-Lökaö naturreservat, also known as Möjaskärgården or Möja archipelago) is a nature reserve in Stockholm County in Sweden.	Storö-Bockö-Lökaö Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	Višnji Grm (pronounced (ˈʋiːʃnji ˈɡəɾm)) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Višnji Grm	Slovenia
country	Sasaima (Spanish pronunciation: (saˈsaima)) is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.	Sasaima	Colombia
country	Vodiško (pronounced (ʋɔˈdiːʃkɔ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Vodiško	Slovenia
country	Barzavand Rural District (Persian: دهستان برزاوند‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Barzavand Rural District	Iran
country	Djuma Game Reserve, is a 9,000 ha private game reserve which is part of the Sabi Sands Private Game Reserve, Mpumalanga Province, South Africa.	Djuma Game Reserve	South Africa
country	Taman Connaught (Chinese: ---) is a main township in Cheras, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Taman Connaught	Malaysia
country	Aarhus University (Danish: Aarhus Universitet, abbreviated AU) is a prestigious public university located in Aarhus, Denmark.	Aarhus University	Denmark
country	Sajevče (pronounced (ˈsaːjɛu̯tʃɛ)) is a small village in the hills south of Hruševje in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Sajevče	Slovenia
country	Sykuła (sɨˈkuwa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sykuła	Poland
country	Qurayyah IPP (QIPP) is a large gas and fuel oil fired combined cycle power station currently under construction in Qurayyah, Saudi Arabia.	Qurayyah IPP	Saudi Arabia
country	Zakho District (Arabic: قضاء زاخو‎, translit. qaḍāʾ Zāḫū; Central Kurdish: قەزای زاخۆ‎, translit. qezayê Zaxo) is a district in northwestern Dohuk Governorate within the Kurdistan Region of northern Iraq.	Zakho District	Iraq
country	Cape Fourcroy Light is an active lighthouse located on Cape Fourcroy, on the southwestern tip of Bathurst Island, Northern Territory, Australia.	Cape Fourcroy Light	Australia
country	Tumbler Ridge Secondary School (or TRSS) is a public high school in Tumbler Ridge, British Columbia, Canada.	Tumbler Ridge Secondary School	Canada
country	Tang-e Narak (Persian: تنگ نارك‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Nārak) is a village in Tang-e Narak Rural District, in the Central District of Khonj County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Narak	Iran
country	Chrysa (Greek: Χρυσά) is a western quarter of the town Xanthi, in northern Greece.	Chrysa	Greece
country	Kuseife (Hebrew: כְּסֵיפָה, Kseifa; Arabic: كسيفة‎) is a Bedouin town (local council) in the Southern District of Israel.	Kuseife	Israel
country	The Bahr el Ghazal is a region of western South Sudan.	Bahr el Ghazal	South Sudan
country	Skibhusene is a small village and northeastern suburb of Odense, Denmark.	Skibhusene	Denmark
country	Deh-e Rajab (Persian: ده رجب‎) is a village in Sardshir Rural District, in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Rajab	Iran
country	Hughes Europe is the European operating and sales organisation for Hughes Network Systems, LLC (HUGHES) in Europe Through its three facilities in Germany, Great Britain and Italy, Hughes Europe offers satellite-based and terrestrial broadband network solutions and services for companies and official institutions.	Hughes Europe	Germany
country	Rabak (ربك) is a city in south-eastern Sudan and the capital of the Sudanese state of White Nile.	Rabak	Sudan
country	Puka Salla (Quechua puka red, salla large cliff of gravel, ``red cliff of gravel'', hispanicized spelling Pucasalla) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,400 metres (17,717 ft) high.	Puka Salla	Peru
country	The Maatsuyker Islands are a group of islands and rocks located 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) off the south coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Maatsuyker Islands	Australia
country	Montague Island Light is an active lighthouse on Montague Island, an island 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) offshore from Narooma on the south coast of New South Wales, Australia.	Montague Island Light	Australia
country	Katakonozi is the name of a neighborhood in Serres, Greece.	Katakonozi	Greece
country	Pohrebyshche (Ukrainian: Погребище) is a small city in Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine.	Pohrebyshche	Ukraine
country	The Grignan-Les Adhemar AOC (formerly the Côteaux du Tricastin) is the northernmost wine-growing AOC in the southern area of the Rhône wine region of France.	Grignan-Les Adhemar AOC	France
country	Guli is a village in Dhania Union of Bhola Sadar Upazila, Bhola District, Barisal Division, Bangladesh.	Guli	Bangladesh
country	The Theatre Museum in the Covent Garden district of London, England, was the United Kingdom's national museum of the performing arts.	Theatre Museum	United Kingdom
country	When in 1931 football became professional in Argentina with the creation of dissident Liga Argentina de Football, Estudiantil Porteño stayed in the official league that had remained amateur.	Estudiantil Porteño	Argentina
country	The Bodø Region (Norwegian: Bodøregionen) is a metropolitan region in Nordland county in northern Norway, centered on the town of Bodø.	Bodø Region	Norway
country	Songtan is an area in the northern end of Pyeongtaek, Gyeonggido, South Korea.	Songtan	South Korea
country	Valparaíso de Goiás is a municipality in east-central Goiás state, Brazil.	Valparaíso de Goiás	Brazil
country	Crown Street Women's Hospital (now-closed) was once the largest maternity hospital in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Crown Street Women's Hospital	Australia
country	Ndete Napu is a fumarole field in the center of Flores island, Indonesia.	Ndete Napu	Indonesia
country	Teljä (also Telja or Tälje) was late Iron Age and early Middle Ages settlement in Finland at the historical province of Satakunta.	Teljä	Finland
country	Klitterbadet is a bath house in Falkenberg, Sweden.	Klitterbadet	Sweden
country	Batuje (pronounced (baˈtuːjɛ); Italian: Battùglia) is a settlement in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Batuje	Slovenia
country	TheStreckelsberg is an approximately 58 metre high coastal cliff on the island of Usedom in North Germany.	Streckelsberg	Germany
country	Zernograd (Russian: Зерногра́д) is a town and the administrative center of Zernogradsky District in Rostov Oblast, Russia, located 71 kilometers (44 mi) southeast of Rostov-on-Don, the administrative center of the oblast.	Zernograd	Russia
country	Varennes-en-Argonne or simply Varennes is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Varennes-en-Argonne	France
country	Antiques Psychic is a Canadian television series on Canada's Canadian Learning Television and Access Alberta, 2004 - 2005.	Antiques Psychic	Canada
country	Hesar-e Bahram Khan (Persian: حصاربهرام خان‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Bahrām Khān and Ḩeşār-e Bahrāmkhān) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Bahram Khan	Iran
country	Pantuwaraya Lake National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in barangay Pantao Raya in the municipality of Saguiaran, Lanao del Sur.	Pantuwaraya Lake National Park	Philippines
country	The Onggi Folk Museum, located in Seoul, South Korea is a private museum specializing in onggi, Korean earthenware which is used for storage and utilitarian purposes.	Onggi Folk Museum	South Korea
country	The McIlwraith Range is a rugged, dissected granite plateau on the Cape York Peninsula of Far North Queensland, Australia.	McIlwraith Range	Australia
country	The Bay of Concepción is a natural bay on the coast of the Province of Concepción in the Bío Bío Region of Chile.	Bay of Concepción	Chile
country	Dimapur is the largest city in Nagaland, India.	Dimapur	India
country	Khushhal railway station (Urdu: خوشحال ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Khushhal village, Nowshera district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the Pakistan.	Khushhal railway station	Pakistan
country	La Laurentienne Building (French: Édifice La Laurentienne) is a 102 m (335 ft), 27-story skyscraper in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	La Laurentienne Building	Canada
country	Hilton Athens is a hotel in Athens, Greece.	Hilton Athens	Greece
country	Božič Vrh (pronounced (ˈbɔːʒitʃ ˈʋəɾx)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Božič Vrh	Slovenia
country	Antaramej (Armenian: Անտառամեջ - meaning In the Woods, also Romanized as Antarramej and Antaramech; until recently, Meshakend, until 1978, Yanighpaya and Yanykhpaya) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Antaramej	Armenia
country	CIWW is not a clear-channel station, but is the only station in Canada broadcasting on 1310 AM; it uses a daytime 2-tower directional antenna, and a nighttime 5-tower directional antenna.	CIWW	Canada
country	The Boğsak Tunnel is a road tunnel located in Silifke, Mersin Province in southern Turkey as part of the highway D.400.	Boğsak Tunnel	Turkey
country	Kalapet, or Kalapettai, is a town and enclave in the Union territory of Puducherry, India.	Kalapet	India
country	Chittagong Medical College (CMC) (Bengali: চট্টগ্রাম মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh, established in 1957.	Chittagong Medical College	Bangladesh
country	Tauranga City Council is the local government authority for Tauranga City in New Zealand.	Tauranga City Council	New Zealand
country	Mala Bosna (Serbian Cyrillic: Мала Босна) is a village located in the Subotica municipality, in the North Bačka District of Serbia.	Mala Bosna	Serbia
country	Sezar (Persian: سزار‎, also Romanized as Sezār) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sezar	Iran
country	Markuhak (Persian: ماركوهك‎, also Romanized as Mārḵūhaḵ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Markuhak	Iran
country	Pyrnik (ˈpɨrnik) (German: Pirnig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojadła, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Pyrnik	Poland
country	Barastu (Persian: برستو‎, also Romanized as Barastū; also known as Parastū) is a village in Milanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Barastu	Iran
country	Beh Kaleh (Persian: به كله‎; also known as Behkolā) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Beh Kaleh	Iran
country	Gowienica is a river of Poland, a right tributary of the Oder.	Gowienica	Poland
country	Yuxarı Qəsil (also, Juxari Qəsil and Yukhary Kasil'') is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yuxarı Qəsil	Azerbaijan
country	Volcán Jumaytepeque is a stratovolcano in south-eastern Guatemala.	Volcán Jumaytepeque	Guatemala
country	Vyšní Lhoty (German: Ober Ellgoth, Polish: Ligota Górna) is a village in the Frýdek-Místek District, Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Vyšní Lhoty	Czech Republic
country	St. Thomas' College, Matale (Sinhala: මාතලේ ශාන්ත තෝමස් විද්‍යාලය), or (STC), is a government secondary school for boys located in Matale, Sri Lanka.	St. Thomas' College, Matale	Sri Lanka
country	Isilkul (Russian: Исильку́ль) is a town in Omsk Oblast, Russia, located 120 kilometers (75 mi) west of Omsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Isilkul	Russia
country	Riga (/ˈriːɡə/; Latvian: Rīga, pronounced (ˈriːɡa)) is the capital and the largest city of Latvia.	Riga	Latvia
country	Luchob (Persian: لوچاب ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Luchob	Tajikistan
country	Gosbank (Russian: Госбанк, Государственный банк СССР, Gosudarstvenny bank SSSR--the State Bank of the USSR) was the central bank of the Soviet Union and the only bank whatsoever in the entire Union from the 1930s to 1987.	Gosbank	Soviet Union
country	Marau Sound is a location in the Solomon Islands; it is located at the eastern end of Guadalcanal Island, in Guadalcanal Province.	Marau Sound	Solomon Islands
country	Apure State (Spanish: Estado Apure, IPA: (esˈtaðo aˈpuɾe)) is one of the 23 states (estados) into which Venezuela is divided.	Apure	Venezuela
country	Mbaluko is a village in central Malawi near Lake Malawi.	Mbaluko	Malawi
country	Mitiga International Airport (IATA: MJI, ICAO: HLLM) (مطار معيتيقة الدولي) is an airport in Libya, located about 8 kilometres (5 miles) east of Tripoli's city center.	Mitiga International Airport	Libya
country	Gornja Oraovica (Serbian Cyrillic: Горња Ораовица) is a village in Croatia.	Gornja Oraovica	Croatia
country	Hailakandi Airfield is a former wartime United States Army Air Forces airfield in India, used during the Burma Campaign 1944-1945.	Hailakandi Airfield	India
country	The United Kingdom Census 2001 found that 20,749 people were living in the Birmingham City Council ward of Edgbaston, in 8,666 households.	Edgbaston	United Kingdom
country	Okenyi is a town located in the east of Ankpa Local Government Area of Kogi State, Nigeria.	Okenyi	Nigeria
country	The IIPM School of Management (IIPM SoM) is an educational institution which was started in the year 2007 by the Indian Institute of Production Management, a government of Odisha institution based in Kansbahal, near Rourkela, Odisha, India.	IIPM School of Management	India
country	Nazhaveh (Persian: نژاوه‎, also Romanized as Nazhāveh) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nazhaveh	Iran
country	Matapu is a locality in southern Taranaki Region of New Zealand.	Matapu	New Zealand
country	The Guerilla Warfare School was a commando and special operations training centre at Tidal River, Victoria, Australia during the Second World War.	Guerilla Warfare School	Australia
country	Orlovat (Serbian Cyrillic: Орловат) is a village in Serbia.	Orlovat	Serbia
country	The Uele River, also spelled Welle River, is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Uele River	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	As of 2011 India census, 29 DWD had a population of 969 in 173 households.	29 DWD	India
country	Waiwerang is a village on Adonara Island, Indonesia.	Waiwerang	Indonesia
country	Croda da Lago is a small mountain chain in the central Dolomites in Veneto, northern Italy, just east of the Giau Pass.	Croda da Lago	Italy
country	The Aquarium Berlin in Berlin is one of Germany's largest aquariums.	Aquarium Berlin	Germany
country	The Holstein Party (Swedish: Holsteinska partiet), was the name of a political group in 18th-century Sweden which played a significant role in politics after the death of Charles XII of Sweden in 1718 and until 1727.	Holstein Party	Sweden
country	North Pole Stream is a tributary to the Little Southwest Miramichi River, with its headwaters in the Christmas Mountains of north-central, New Brunswick, Canada.	North Pole Stream	Canada
country	Brzozowe Błoto (bʐɔˈzɔvɛ ˈbwɔtɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzozowe Błoto	Poland
country	Shirati is a town in North Mara, Tanzania on the shore above Lake Victoria, near the border with Kenya.	Shirati	Tanzania
country	Kharajgil Rural District (Persian: دهستان خرجگيل‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kharajgil Rural District	Iran
country	Mawlaik (Burmese: မော်လိုက် (mɔ̀ laɪʔ)) is a town in Mawlaik District, Sagaing Region in northwest Burma (Myanmar), along the Chindwin River.	Mawlaik	Myanmar
country	Radnevo (Раднево) is a town in southern Bulgaria, part of Stara Zagora Province, located in the eastern Upper Thracian Lowlands.	Radnevo	Bulgaria
country	CDU/CSU, unofficially the Union parties (German: Unionsparteien) or Union, is the political alliance of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU) and Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU).	CDU/CSU	Germany
country	Wasini Island lies in southeast Kenya 3 km. off the coast of the Indian Ocean 75 km. south of Mombasa 3 km opposite the harbour of the village Shimoni.	Wasini Island	Kenya
country	The Nairobi Club Ground is a multi-use sports venue in Upper Hill, Nairobi, Kenya.	Nairobi Club Ground	Kenya
country	Reigolil River (Spanish: Río Reigolil, Spanish pronunciation: (reiˈɣolil)) is the main tributary to Trancura River in La Araucanía Region, Chile.	Reigolil River	Chile
country	Dutovlje (pronounced (ˈduːtɔu̯ljɛ); Italian: Duttogliano) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the border with Italy.	Dutovlje	Slovenia
country	Jorge Wilstermann International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Jorge Wilstermann) (IATA: CBB, ICAO: SLCB) is an airport serving Cochabamba, a city in the Cochabamba Department of Bolivia.	Jorge Wilstermann International Airport	Bolivia
country	Lachawa (laˈxava) (Ukrainian: Ляхава, Liakhava) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Lachawa	Poland
country	Şıxməhlə is a village in the municipality of Şağlazüzə in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şıxməhlə	Azerbaijan
country	Kamionki Małe (kaˈmjɔnki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kamionki Małe	Poland
country	Bozhentsi (Bulgarian: Боженци; also variously transliterated as Bozhenci, Bojenci, Bojenzi, Boženci, Bojentsi, Bojentzi, Bozhentzi, etc.), officially but not commonly Bozhentsite (Боженците), is a village and architectural reserve in Gabrovo municipality, Gabrovo Province, in central northern Bulgaria.	Bozhentsi	Bulgaria
country	Hrubieszów (xruˈbʲɛʂuf) (Ukrainian: Грубешів Hrubeshiv, Yiddish: הרויעשאוו‎) is a town in southeastern Poland, with a population of 18,617 (2006).	Hrubieszów	Poland
country	Swabians settled also in eastern Croatia (Slavonia and Syrmia), and southern and eastern Hungary, including part of what is now Serbia and Romania (the Danube Swabians, Satu Mare Swabians, Banat Swabians and Swabian Turkey) in the 18th century, where they were invited as pioneers to repopulate some areas.	Swabians	Hungary	Serbia	Romania
country	Helnæs is an island on the southwestern coast of Funen, Denmark, southwest of Haarby and northwest of Faaborg.	Helnæs	Denmark
country	Arablu Kandi (Persian: عربلوكندي‎, also Romanized as ``Arablū Kandī) is a village in Savalan Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 242, in 46 families.	Arablu Kandi	Iran
country	Poladowo (pɔlaˈdɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Poladowo	Poland
country	The Zumsteinspitze (Punta Zumstein in Italian) (4,563 m) is a peak in the Pennine Alps on the border between Italy and Switzerland.	Zumsteinspitze	Italy	Switzerland
country	Küman (also, Koman) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Küman	Azerbaijan
country	The Hyde Farm Estate is a residential area situated in Balham, a district of south London, in the United Kingdom.	Hyde Farm Estate	United Kingdom
country	The Pudding Shop is the nickname for the Lale Restaurant in the Sultanahmet neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey.	Pudding Shop	Turkey
country	Petišovci (Hungarian: Petesháza) is a settlement south of Lendava in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Petišovci	Slovenia
country	The Gornoye Ozero mine is a large niobium mine located in eastern Russia in Sakha Republic.	Gornoye Ozero mine	Russia
country	Nakhodka (Russian: Находка; IPA: (nɐˈxotkə)) is a port city in Primorsky Krai, Russia, located on the Trudny Peninsula jutting into the Nakhodka Bay of the Sea of Japan, about 85 kilometers (53 mi) east of Vladivostok, the administrative center of the krai.	Nakhodka	Russia
country	Lielzalve Manor is a two-storey manor house built in the 19th century in the historical region of Selonia, Latvia.	Lielzalve Manor	Latvia
country	Biseh (Persian: بيسه‎‎, also Romanized as Bīseh; also known as Bīsheh, Nasyeh, and Pīseh) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Biseh	Iran
country	Rawalpindi Cantonment is a large cantonment located in Rawalpindi,Punjab province, Pakistan.	Rawalpindi Cantonment	Pakistan
country	Derazan (Persian: درازان‎, also Romanized as Derāzān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Derazan	Iran
country	Seedcorn is the funding mechanism of the Department for Food Agriculture and Rural Affairs (DEFRA), in the United Kingdom.	Seedcorn	United Kingdom
country	Muzi Bagh (Persian: موزي باغ‎, also Romanized as Mūzī Bāgh) is a village in Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Muzi Bagh	Iran
country	Marie Anusorn School (Thai: โรงเรียนมารีย์อนุสรณ์) is a private school located in Buriram Province, Thailand.	Marie Anusorn School	Thailand
country	The Patho Plains Important Bird Area comprises a 794 km2 tract of mainly pastoral farmland near the town of Gunbower in north-central Victoria, south-eastern Australia.	Patho Plains Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Wester-Koggenland ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality of the Netherlands, located in the province of North Holland and the region of West-Frisia.	Wester-Koggenland	Netherlands
country	Toward North (Italian: Verso Nord, VN) is a liberal and federalist political association based in Veneto, Italy.	Toward North	Italy
country	Kamu Bazar (Persian: كموبازار‎, also Romanized as Kāmū Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kamu Bazar	Iran
country	Albright, Alberta is an unincorporated locality within northwest Alberta, Canada within the County of Grande Prairie No. 1.	Albright, Alberta	Canada
country	Moezabad (Persian: معزاباد‎, also Romanized as Mo``ezābād) is a village in Moezziyeh Rural District, Chatrud District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 683, in 170 families.	Moezabad	Iran
country	The Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Natural History Museum is a natural history museum in the Prince of Songkla University in southern Thailand.	Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Natural History Museum	Thailand
country	Mustassaare is a village in Sõmerpalu Parish, Võru County, in southeastern Estonia.	Mustassaare	Estonia
country	Myachkovo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Мячково) (ICAO: UUBM) is an airport in Moscow Oblast, Russia located 31 km southeast of Moscow.	Myachkovo Airport	Russia
country	Hauge Church (Norwegian: Hauge kyrkje) is a parish church in Lærdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Hauge Church	Norway
country	Sarsawa Air Force Station is located approximately 12 km (7.5 mi) from Saharanpur City, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Sarsawa Air Force Station	India
country	Esquíbel (official Basque name: Eskibel) is a village in Álava, Basque Country, Spain.	Esquíbel	Spain
country	Lesosibirsk (Russian: Лесосиби́рск) is a town in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located on the Yenisei River.	Lesosibirsk	Russia
country	The Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium (SBNCS; Bengali: শের-ই-বাংলা জাতীয় ক্রিকেট স্টেডিয়াম), also called Mirpur Stadium, is a cricket ground in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh.	Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium	Bangladesh
country	The Diocese of Aarhus (Danish: Århus Stift) is one of 10 diocese in the Church of Denmark, with headquarters in the city of Aarhus.	Diocese of Aarhus	Denmark
country	The Boudigau is a coastal river of the Landes, in Aquitaine, Southwest France.	Boudigau	France
country	The Curiche Grande River (also known in English as the Corixa Grande River; in Brazil it is called Corixa Grande, and in Bolivia Curiche Grande) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.	Curiche Grande River	Brazil	Bolivia
country	Tutuiyeh (Persian: توتوئيه‎, also Romanized as Tūtū’īyeh; also known as Now Tū’īyeh) is a village in Pariz Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tutuiyeh	Iran
country	Qırızdəhnə (also, Qırız-Dəhnə) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qırızdəhnə	Azerbaijan
country	Longlevens is an area of Gloucester, United Kingdom.	Longlevens	United Kingdom
country	In 1996, Farmer's Daughter signed to Universal Music Canada and released their second album, Makin' Hay, in September.	Farmer's Daughter	Canada
country	Olenitsa (Russian: Оленица) is the rural locality (a Selo) in Tersky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Olenitsa	Russia
country	Kazi Ahmed also written as Qazi Ahmad is a town in Shaheed Benazir Abad District (formerly Nawabshah District), Sindh province, Pakistan.	Kazi Ahmed	Pakistan
country	Velo-Vocha (Greek: Βέλο-Βόχα) is a municipality in the Corinthia regional unit, Peloponnese, Greece.	Velo-Vocha	Greece
country	Barm Shahzadeh Abdollah (Persian: برم شاهزاده عبداله‎, also Romanized as Barm Shāhzādeh ``Abdollāh) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 169, in 29 families.	Barm Shahzadeh Abdollah	Iran
country	The Karkonosze National Park (Polish: Karkonoski Park Narodowy) is a National Park in the Karkonosze (Czech: Krkonoše) Mountains in southwestern Poland, along the border with the Czech Republic.	Karkonosze National Park	Poland
country	Namiki-Kita Station (並木北駅) is a station on the Kanazawa Seaside Line, located in Kanazawa-ku, Yokohama, Japan.	Namiki-Kita Station	Japan
country	Probištip (Macedonian: Пробиштип (ˈprɔbiʃtip)) is a town in Macedonia, and seat of Probištip Municipality.	Probištip	Macedonia
country	Restaurant 't Misverstant is a restaurant located in Den Bosch, Netherlands.	't Misverstant	Netherlands
country	Eminönü is a former district of Istanbul in Turkey, now a neighbourhood of Fatih district.	Eminönü	Turkey
country	Lopérec (Breton: Lopereg) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Lopérec	France
country	Kunde & Co is one of Denmark's largest full-service branding and advertising agencies with 165 employees of more than 10 different nationalities as of 2012.	Kunde & Co	Denmark
country	The Kabul Times, established in 1962, was the first English language printed newspaper in Afghanistan.	Kabul Times	Afghanistan
country	Apulia First of All (La Puglia Prima di Tutto, PPT) is a regionalist-centrist political party in Italy active in Apulia, as local branch of Forza Italia.	Apulia First of All	Italy
country	The Russell Group is a self-selected association of 24 public research universities, with a shared reputation for academic prestige, situated in the United Kingdom.	Russell Group	United Kingdom
country	Spencer Plaza(Tamil: ஸ்பென்சர் பிளாசா) is a shopping mall located on Anna Salai in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, and is one of the modern landmarks of the city.	Spencer Plaza	India
country	Pătârlagele (also spelled Pătîrlagele; pronounced (pətɨrˈlad͡ʒele)) is a town in Buzău County, Romania.	Pătârlagele	Romania
country	Angkor Chum District (Khmer: ស្រុកអង្គរជុំ, literally ``City of the Periphery'' ) is a district of Siem Reap Province, in north western Cambodia.	Angkor Chum District	Cambodia
country	Levpa (pronounced (ˈleːu̯pa)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills to the east of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Levpa	Slovenia
country	Abrahám (Hungarian: Ábrahám) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Abrahám	Slovakia
country	Unionen is the second biggest trade union in Sweden and the biggest white-collar union in the world.	Unionen	Sweden
country	Pully (French pronunciation: ​(pyˈji)) is a municipality in Switzerland in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Lavaux-Oron.	Pully	Switzerland
country	Bornholms Middelaldercenter (Bornholm's Medieval Centre) is a family attraction near Østerlars in northeastern Bornholm, Denmark.	Bornholms Middelaldercenter	Denmark
country	Malence (pronounced (ˈmaːlɛntsɛ)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia.	Malence	Slovenia
country	Battambang Airport (Khmer: ព្រលានយន្តហោះខេត្តបាត់តំបង) (IATA: BBM, ICAO: VDBG) is an airport serving Battambang, a city in Battambang Province, Cambodia.	Battambang Airport	Cambodia
country	Medvezhya (Russian: Медве́жий; Japanese: 茂世路岳, Moyoro-dake) is a volcanic complex located at the northern end of Iturup Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Medvezhya	Russia
country	Mowtowr-e Molla Bakhsh Kuseh (Persian: موتورملابخش كوسه‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mollā Bakhsh Kūseh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Molla Bakhsh Kuseh	Iran
country	Gndevaz (Armenian: Գնդեվազ), is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Gndevaz	Armenia
country	Geitungen Lighthouse (Norwegian: Geitungen fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Karmøy in Rogaland county, Norway.	Geitungen Lighthouse	Norway
country	Batzra (Hebrew: בָּצְרָה) is a moshav in central Israel.	Batzra	Israel
country	Cristóbal Island (in Spanish: Isla San Cristóbal) is a mostly deforested 37 km2 island located south of Isla Colón, in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago, Panama.	Cristóbal Island	Panama
country	Shahin Tappeh (Persian: شاهين تپه‎, also Romanized as Shāhīn Tappeh; also known as Shān Tappeh, Shantepe, and Shan-Teppe) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dashtabi District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Shahin Tappeh	Iran
country	Paschim Maharashtra is a region of India's western Maharashtra state, which includes districts of Pune, Solapur, Satara, Sangli, and Kolhapur This prosperous belt is famous for its sugar factories.	Paschim Maharashtra	India
country	Davarunuiyeh (Persian: داورونوئيه‎, also Romanized as Dāvarānū’īyeh and Davaranoo’eyeh; also known as Dābrū’īyeh and Dābrūnū’īyeh) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Davarunuiyeh	Iran
country	Propeller Recordings is a small independent record label, a publishing company and a management agency located in Norway.	Propeller Recordings	Norway
country	Bukit Kiara is an affluent suburb of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Bukit Kiara	Malaysia
country	Department of Business Development and Technology (or BTECH for short) is a university department centre for research and higher education under Aarhus University, located in Herning, Denmark.	Department of Business Development and Technology	Denmark
country	The Teatro Argentina is an opera house and theatre located in Largo di Torre Argentina, a square in Rome, Italy.	Teatro Argentina	Italy
country	Westfalenbahn GmbH is a private railway company operating regional train service in Lower Saxony and North Rhine-Westphalia, northern Germany.	Westfalenbahn	Germany
country	The Hara Museum of Contemporary Art is one of the oldest museums of contemporary art in Japan.	Hara Museum of Contemporary Art	Japan
country	Stolk is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Stolk	Germany
country	Brankovo (pronounced (ˈbraːŋkɔvɔ); German: Brankou) is a small settlement on the edge of the valley known as Mišja dolina (literally, 'Monks' valley'), three km west of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Brankovo	Slovenia
country	Afutara Airport is an airport near the village of Afutara on Malaita in the Solomon Islands (IATA: AFT, ICAO: AGAF).	Afutara Airport	Solomon Islands
country	Kafeh Murtak (Persian: كافه مورتك‎, also Romanized as Kāfeh Mūrtak) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kafeh Murtak	Iran
country	Okahenge is a village in the Ohangwena Region of Namibia in the Engela constituency.	Okahenge	Namibia
country	Planina pri Sevnici (pronounced (plaˈniːna pri ˈseːu̯nitsi)) is a village in the Municipality of Šentjur in eastern Slovenia.	Planina pri Sevnici	Slovenia
country	The Chaim Sheba Medical Center at Tel HaShomer (Hebrew: המרכז הרפואי ע``ש חיים שיבא -- תל השומר‎), also Tel HaShomer Hospital, is a hospital in Israel, located in the Tel HaShomer area of Ramat Gan.	Sheba Medical Center	Israel
country	Suffield National Wildlife Area (SNWA) is a National Wildlife Area located within the boundaries of CFB Suffield in Alberta, Canada.	Suffield National Wildlife Area	Canada
country	Muhametzhan Tuimebayev (Kazakh: Мұхаметжан Түймебаев; formerly Ashchybulak) is a village in the Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Muhametzhan Tuimebayev	Kazakhstan
country	Zonguldak is a city and the capital of Zonguldak Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Zonguldak	Turkey
country	Cortiço, or gueto (both are Brazilian Portuguese-language equivalents for ``ghetto'', and ``cortiços'' means ``beehives''), is a common Portuguese term used in Brazil and Portugal for an area of concentrated, high density urban housing where many people live in poverty with poor sanitation and hygiene conditions.	Cortiço	Portugal
country	Edda is a clan that makes up the entire local government area of Afikpo South in Ebonyi State, Nigeria.	Afikpo South	Nigeria
country	Muttrah, (Arabic: مطرح‎) administratively a district, is located in the Muscat province of Oman.	Muttrah	Oman
country	Kal pri Krmelju (pronounced (ˈkaːu̯ pɾi kəɾˈmeːlju)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Kal pri Krmelju	Slovenia
country	Jirhandeh (Persian: جيرهنده‎, also Romanized as Jīrhandeh) is a village in Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jirhandeh	Iran
country	The 19th arrondissement of Paris is one of the 20 arrondissements (administrative districts) of the capital city of France.	19th arrondissement of Paris	France
country	Štrukljeva Vas (pronounced (ˈʃtɾuːkljɛʋa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Štrukljeva vas) is a small village east of Begunje in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Štrukljeva Vas	Slovenia
country	Hof van Sonoy was a restaurant located in Blokzijl, Netherlands.	Hof van Sonoy	Netherlands
country	The Falkland Islands Government built a network of all weather roads around East and West Falkland, Port Howard is at the northern end of the West Falkland network.	Port Howard	Falkland Islands
country	Siah Manseh-ye Pain (Persian: سياه منسه پائين‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Manseh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Pā’īn Sīāh Mūneseh, Seyāh Mūneseh, Sīāh Mūneseh, and Sīāh Mūnseh) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siah Manseh-ye Pain	Iran
country	Pelluebla is a locality in Victoria, Australia in the Shire of Moira local government area.	Pelluebla	Australia
country	Rüti Abbey (Swiss German: Prämonstratenserkloster Rüti) was a former Premonstratensian abbey, founded in 1206 and suppressed in 1525 on occasion of the Reformation in Zürich, situated in the municipality of Rüti in the canton of Zürich, Switzerland.	Rüti Abbey	Switzerland
country	Chaudhary Charan Singh University (CCS University; Hindi: चौधरी चरण सिंह विश्वविद्यालय), formerly Meerut University, is a public state university located in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Chaudhary Charan Singh University	India
country	Taunggyi (Burmese: တောင်ကြီးမြို့; MLCTS: taung kri: mrui. (tàʊɴdʑí mjo̰); Shan: ဝဵင်းတွင်ႇၵျီး (weŋ tɔŋ kji)) is the capital of Shan State, Myanmar.	Taunggyi	Myanmar
country	Iliwerung is a volcano in the south-central part of the island Lembata in Indonesia.	Iliwerung	Indonesia
country	Grzybno Górne (ˈɡʐɨbnɔ ˈɡurnɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grzybno Górne	Poland
country	Marhama Edu-support Programme It is an educational service programme run by Students Islamic Organisation of India (SIO) Peringolam Unit.	Peringolam	India
country	Patreksfjörður Airport or Patreksfjordur Airport (IATA: PFJ, ICAO: BIPA) is an airport serving Patreksfjörður, Iceland.	Patreksfjörður Airport	Iceland
country	Donji Žirovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Доњи Жировац) is a village in Croatia.	Donji Žirovac	Croatia
country	Zalužnica (Serbian Cyrillic: Залужница) is a village in the Gacka valley in Lika-Senj County, Croatia.	Zalužnica	Croatia
country	Vallam Plateau is a high-lying tableland situated to the south of the town of Thanjavur in Tamil Nadu, India.	Vallam Plateau	India
country	The Sanctuary of Nuestra Señora de los Remedios (Spanish: Santuario de Nuestra Señora de los Remedios) is a sanctuary located in Fuensanta, Spain.	Sanctuary of Nuestra Señora de los Remedios	Spain
country	Butmas is a small community in the island nation of Vanuatu, home to the families of six local clan lineages.	Butmas	Vanuatu
country	Dverberg is a small village and a former municipality in Nordland county, Norway.	Dverberg	Norway
country	Käina (German: Keinis) is a small borough (alevik) in Hiiu County in Estonia.	Käina	Estonia
country	Hradec Králové Airport is a public domestic and private international airport located about 3 km (1 mi) from Hradec Králové, in east Bohemia, Czech Republic in the town of Hradec Králové.	Hradec Králové Airport	Czech Republic
country	Sporthalle Hamburg, also known as Alsterdorfer Sporthalle, is an indoor arena in Hamburg, Germany.	Alsterdorfer Sporthalle	Germany
country	Lakawon, also called Llacaon, is a 13-hectare, banana-shaped island off the coast of Cadiz in the northern portion of Negros Occidental, a province in the Western Visayas region of the Philippines.	Lakawon	Philippines
country	Halabor (Ukrainian: Галабор, Hungarian: Halábor) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Halabor	Ukraine
country	Mutnovsky (Russian: Мутновский) is a complex volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Mutnovsky	Russia
country	Balkanabat (Балканабат, بلخان آباد), formerly Nebit Dag, is a city in western Turkmenistan, and the capital of Balkan Province, the largest province in the country.	Balkanabat	Turkmenistan
country	Tarshian (Persian: ترشيان‎, also Romanized as Tarshīān) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tarshian	Iran
country	Bendemeer Secondary School (abbreviation:BDMSS) is a co-educational neighbourhood government secondary school in Kallang, Singapore.	Bendemeer Secondary School	Singapore
country	German submarine U-218 was a Type VIID mine-laying U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. Laid down on 17 March 1941 as yard number 650 and launched on 5 December, she was commissioned on 24 January 1942 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Richard Becker.	German submarine U-218	Nazi Germany
country	Qezel Qayeh-ye Vosta (Persian: قزل قيه وسطي‎, also Romanized as Qezel Qayeh-ye Vosţá) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Qayeh-ye Vosta	Iran
country	The Dinkel is a river in Germany and the Netherlands, left tributary of the Vecht.	Dinkel	Germany	Netherlands
country	The Swedish Taxpayers' Association (Skattebetalarnas förening) is an association and taxpayers union in Sweden which advocates low taxes and efficiency in the public sector.	Swedish Taxpayers' Association	Sweden
country	The Glorieuses or Glorioso Islands (French: Îles Glorieuses or officially also Archipel des Glorieuses) are a group of French islands and rocks totalling 5 square kilometres (1,200 acres), at 11°33′S 47°20′E, in the northern Mozambique channel, about 160 kilometres (99 mi) northwest of Madagascar.	Glorioso Islands	Madagascar
country	The Portland railway line is a railway line in south-western Victoria, Australia.	Portland railway line	Australia
country	Nitte is the home of Nitte Education Trust, a prominent educational institution in Karnataka, attracting students from all over India and abroad.	Nitte	India
country	Grimmen (German pronunciation: (ˈɡʁɪmən)) is a town in Vorpommern-Rügen, a district in the Bundesland Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Grimmen	Germany
country	The Zeeland Bridge (Dutch: Zeelandbrug) is the longest bridge in the Netherlands.	Zeeland Bridge	Netherlands
country	Bzenec (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbzɛnɛts); German: Bisenz) is a town in the southeast of Moravia, in the Czech Republic.	Bzenec	Czech Republic
country	The Herzegovina Museum is a museum in Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina containing items associated with the history of the area.	Herzegovina Museum	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Wilskerke is a small rural village in Belgium, situated in de Polder region, about 1.5 km from the coastline.	Wilskerke	Belgium
country	Burmese cuisine includes dishes from various regions of Burma (now officially known as Myanmar).	Burmese cuisine	Myanmar
country	Menguiyeh (Persian: منگويه‎, also Romanized as Mengūīyeh; also known as Mengenūyeh) is a village in Efzar Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Menguiyeh	Iran
country	Vilnohirsk (Ukrainian: Вільногірськ, Russian: Вольногорск) is a town in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Vilnohirsk	Ukraine
country	The Malagarasi River is a river of southeastern Burundi and northwestern Tanzania, flowing through Kigoma Region.	Malagarasi River	Burundi	Tanzania
country	The Dallol Bosso' (Zarma: Boboye) is one of two major seasonal river valleys in southwest Niger.	Dallol Bosso	Niger
country	The Victorian Women's Football League (VWFL) is the oldest and largest Australian rules football league for women in the world, consisting of 31 clubs from Victoria, Australia across six divisions and a total of over 1,000 players.	Victorian Women's Football League	Australia
country	The LIWA Heights is a 41-floor tower part of the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	LIWA Heights	United Arab Emirates
country	Yelwa is a town in Kebbi State, Nigeria on the Niger River and the A1 highway.	Yelwa	Nigeria
country	Carosino is a town and comune in the province of Taranto, in the northern Salento, part of the Apulia region of southeast Italy.	Carosino	Italy
country	The A612 road is an A-class road in the United Kingdom running between Nottingham and Averham, on the A617 near Newark.	A612 road	United Kingdom
country	Svensk mediedatabas (Swedish Media Database) is a search engine for the audiovisual works of the National Library of Sweden.	Svensk mediedatabas	Sweden
country	Vågstranda is a village along the Romsdalsfjorden in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Vågstranda	Norway
country	The Nur Mountains (Turkish: Nur Dağları, ``Mountains of Holy Light''), the ancient Amanus (Ancient Greek: Ἁμανός), is a mountain range in the Hatay Province of south-central Turkey, which runs roughly parallel to the Gulf of İskenderun.	Nur Mountains	Turkey
country	Kalmat-e Shalu (Persian: كلمت شالو‎, also Romanized as Kalmat-e Shālū; also known as Kalmat) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kalmat-e Shalu	Iran
country	Shamshernagar Airport (IATA: ZHM, ICAO: VGSH) is a public use airport 17 kilometres (11 mi) southeast of Moulvibazar, Bangladesh.	Shamshernagar Airport	Bangladesh
country	Piątnica (pjɔntˈnit͡sa) (until 1999 Piątnica Poduchowna) is a village in Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Piątnica	Poland
country	Wellington City Council is a territorial authority in the Wellington urban area of New Zealand.	Wellington City Council	New Zealand
country	Sallum, As Sallum, or Sollum (Arabic: السلوم‎ ``Alternative'', Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: (essælˈluːm)) is a village in Egypt, near the Mediterranean Sea, east of the border with Libya, and around 145 km (90 mi) from Tobruk.	Sallum	Egypt
country	Mount Pleasant Square is a Georgian garden square on the border of Rathmines and Ranelagh, in the city of Dublin, Ireland.	Mount Pleasant Square	Ireland
country	The Jinan North Railway Station is a planned railway station of the Shiji Passenger Railway that located in People's Republic of China.	Jinan North Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Monte Lema (1,621 m) is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Monte Lema	Switzerland
country	Yanqha (Aymara for bad, Quechua yanqha, yanqa, useless, trivial, unimportant, hispanicized spelling Yancca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Yanqha	Peru
country	The Department of Mines and Petroleum is a department of the Government of Western Australia.	Department of Mines and Petroleum	Australia
country	Ovruch (Ukrainian: Овруч, Russian: О́вруч, Polish: Owrucz) is a city in the Zhytomyr Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine.	Ovruch	Ukraine
country	Mölndal is a part of the Gothenburg urban area on the west-coast of Sweden, and constitutes the administrative centre of Mölndal Municipality.	Mölndal	Sweden
country	Sobański Palace is a Renaissance Revival palace in Guzów, Żyrardów County, Mazovian Voivodeship, Poland.	Sobański Palace	Poland
country	Ktismata (Greek: Κτίσματα) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Delvinaki, Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Ktismata	Greece
country	Marekaffo is a commune in the Cercle of Yélimané in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Marekaffo	Mali
country	Mount Sis (Turkish: Sis Dağı) is a mountain in Görele, Giresun Province, Turkey.	Mount Sis	Turkey
country	Meshchera Lowlands (Meshchyora Lowlands), also referred to as simply ``Meshchera''/``Meshchyora'' (Russian: Мещёрская низменность) is a spacious lowland in the middle of the European Russia.	Meshchera Lowlands	Russia
country	Takur Ghar is a high mountain located in the Arma Mountains of southeastern Afghanistan.	Takur Ghar	Afghanistan
country	Hadidah (Arabic: حديدة‎, also spelled Hadideh) is a town in the northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located west of Homs and just east of the border with Lebanon.	Hadidah	Syria
country	Bardatar Kisteh (Persian: بردتركسته‎, also Romanized as Bardatar Kīsteh; also known as Bardatar Kīdeh) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bardatar Kisteh	Iran
country	Hoşhaber (Kurdish: Xoşxeber‎) is a belde (town) in the central district (Iğdır) of Iğdır Province, Turkey.	Hoşhaber	Turkey
country	Emslandlager (``Emsland camps'') were a series of 15 moorland labor, punitive and POWs-camps, active from 1933 to 1945 and located in the districts of Emsland and Bentheim, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Emslandlager	Germany
country	The Randenigala Dam is a large hydroelectric embankment dam at Rantembe, in the Central Province of Sri Lanka.	Randenigala Dam	Sri Lanka
country	Choruk-e Pishkamar (Persian: چروك پيشكمر‎, also Romanized as Chorūk-e Pīshḵamar; also known as Chorūk) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Choruk-e Pishkamar	Iran
country	Rupnagar district (Doabi: ਰੂਪਨਗਰ ਜ਼ਿਲ੍ਹਾ) is one of the twenty districts in the state of Punjab in North-West Republic of India.	Rupnagar district	India
country	Lisikierz (liˈɕikʲɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Lisikierz	Poland
country	Playa Santa Cruz is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao, located to the south of the village of Lagun.	Playa Santa Cruz	Curaçao
country	Styggevatnet is a glacier lake from the glacier Jostedalsbreen in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Styggevatnet	Norway
country	Zarrin Rekab (Persian: زرين ركاب‎, also Romanized as Zarrīn Rekāb; also known as Zar Nekārab) is a village in Ozomdel-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zarrin Rekab	Iran
country	The Simensbråten Line (Norwegian: Simensbråtenlinjen) was a light rail line of Oslo Tramway between Jomfrubråten and Simensbråten in Oslo, Norway.	Simensbråten Line	Norway
country	Wainono Lagoon is a shallow lagoon in the southern Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Wainono Lagoon	New Zealand
country	Plan-les-Ouates is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.	Plan-les-Ouates	Switzerland
country	German submarine U-764 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She was laid down on 1 February 1941 by Kriegsmarinewerft Wilhelmshaven as yard number 147, launched on 13 March 1943 and commissioned on 6 May 1943 under Oberleutnant zur See Hanskurt von Bremen.	German submarine U-764	Nazi Germany
country	Idalion or Idalium (Greek: Ιδάλιον, Idalion) was an ancient city in Cyprus, in modern Dali, Nicosia District.	Idalium	Cyprus
country	Apo Reef is a coral reef system in the Philippines situated on the western waters of Occidental Mindoro province in the Mindoro Strait.	Apo Reef	Philippines
country	Nokrek National Park, or Nokrek Biosphere Reserve, is a national park located Approximately 2 km from Tura Peak in West Garo Hills district of Meghalaya, India.	Nokrek National Park	India
country	Talilit (Amazigh: Talilit, ⵜⴰⵍⵉⵍⵉⵜ, Arabic: تليليت) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Talilit	Morocco
country	The Royal Jewelry Museum (Arabic: متحف المجوهرات‎) is an art and history museum in the Zizenia neighborhood of Alexandria, Egypt.	Royal Jewelry Museum	Egypt
country	Burj Al Salam is a mixed use tower along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Burj Al Salam	United Arab Emirates
country	Ixcuinquitlapilco, or San Mateo Ixcuinquitlapilco is a community in the municipality of San Agustín Tlaxiaca in the state of Hidalgo, Mexico.	Ixcuinquitlapilco	Mexico
country	Wyrębiny (vɨrɛmˈbinɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wyrębiny	Poland
country	Sulęczyno (sulɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɔ) (Kashubian: Sëlëczëno, German: Sullenschin) is a village in Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sulęczyno	Poland
country	Naenae (/ˈnaɪnaɪ/, occasionally spelled NaeNae) is a suburb of the city of Lower Hutt in the North Island of New Zealand.	Naenae	New Zealand
country	Sayn-Wittgenstein-Wittgenstein was a county of the Sauerland of Germany.	Sayn-Wittgenstein-Wittgenstein	Germany
country	Arphy (Arfin in Occitan) is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.	Arphy	France
country	During the 20th Century, the population of Filignano has been decreasing due to emigration in Northern Italy and in the United Kingdom.	Filignano	Italy
country	The North Rustico Harbour Light is an active lighthouse on the central north coast of Prince Edward Island, Canada.	North Rustico Harbour Light	Canada
country	Caye Caulker Airport (IATA: CUK) is an airport that serves Caye Caulker, Belize.	Caye Caulker Airport	Belize
country	Vyshnivchyk (Ukrainian: Вишнівчик, also Vyshnivchyky, Polish: Wiśniowczyk) is a village in the Terebovlya Raion area of the Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine.	Vyshnivchyk	Ukraine
country	Wisma Sanyan is the tallest building in the state of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Wisma Sanyan	Malaysia
country	Wich'un (Quechua for femur, hispanicized spelling Huichun) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Wich'un	Peru
country	Pilibhit is the north-easternmost district of Bareilly division, situated in the Rohilkhand region of the sub-Himalayan Plateau belt next to foothills of Sivalik Range on the boundary of Nepal, known for the origin of river Gomati and one of the most forest-rich areas in North India.	Pilibhit	India
country	Bandra Lamahalé is a small town on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros.	Bandra Lamahalé	Comoros
country	Lindarängen is a location outside Stockholm, Sweden.	Lindarängen	Sweden
country	Owrteh Qamish (Persian: اورته قميش‎, also Romanized as Owrteh Qamīsh; also known as Oorteh Ghomish, Orteh Qamīsh, Owrtā Qamīsh, Owrtāq Mīsh, Qāmīsh, Uktakh Ālmaj, Ūktakht Āmlaj, and Ūrtā Qamīsh) is a village in Boghrati Rural District, Sardrud District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Owrteh Qamish	Iran
country	The Kamzík TV Tower is a 196-metre (643 ft) tall television transmission tower in the Koliba area of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia.	Kamzík TV Tower	Slovakia
country	Razlog (Bulgarian: Разлог) is a town and ski resort in Razlog Municipality, Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.	Razlog	Bulgaria
country	Gran Sasso d'Italia (Italian: (ɡran ˈsasso diˈtaːlja)) is a mountain located in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Gran Sasso d'Italia	Italy
country	Tal-e Gavi (Persian: تل گاوي‎, also Romanized as Tal-e Gāvī and Tall-e Gāvī; also known as Tall Gāh) is a village in Dana Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tal-e Gavi	Iran
country	Nachit (Persian: ناچيت‎, also Romanized as Nāchīt; also known as Nichit) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nachit	Iran
country	Bogegrend Station (Norwegian: Bogegrend holdeplass) is a small railway station located in the village of Bogo in Vaksdal municipality, Hordaland county, Norway.	Bogegrend Station	Norway
country	Zuunmod (Mongolian: Зуунмод; ᠵᠠᠭᠤᠨᠮᠣᠳᠤ, ``Hundred Trees'') is the administrative seat of Mongolia's Töv Province.	Zuunmod	Mongolia
country	Elaine Bay is a bay located in Pelorus Sound, within the Marlborough Sounds at the north end of the South Island of New Zealand.	Elaine Bay	New Zealand
country	Tuorla Observatory is the Department of Astronomy at the University of Turku, southwest Finland.	Tuorla Observatory	Finland
country	Osakabegawa Dam (Japanese: 小阪部川ダム) is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1954.	Osakabegawa Dam	Japan
country	Vođenica (Cyrillic: Вођеница) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vođenica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Janfusun Fancyworld (Chinese: 劍湖山世界; pinyin: Jiànhúshān Shìjiè) is an amusement park in Gukeng Township, Yunlin County, Taiwan.	Janfusun Fancyworld	Taiwan
country	Grøtavær Church (Norwegian: Grøtavær kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.	Grøtavær Church	Norway
country	The Bayside Residence is a 24-floor residential tower in Dubai Marina in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Bayside Residence	United Arab Emirates
country	The Andorran Segona Divisió (Second Division), or Lliga Biosphere for sponsorship reasons, is the second highest football league in Andorra.	Segona Divisió	Andorra
country	The Lyngen Alps (Norwegian: Lyngsalpene) are a mountain range in northeastern Troms county in Norway, east of the city of Tromsø.	Lyngen Alps	Norway
country	The Sydney Metropolitan Women's Rugby League is one of the main Women's rugby league competitions in Australia.	Sydney Metropolitan Women's Rugby League	Australia
country	Drohobych (Ukrainian: Дрогóбич; Polish: Drohobycz; Yiddish: דראָהאָביטש‎; Cities' alternative names) is a city located at the confluence of the Tysmenytsia River and Seret, a tributary of the former, in Lviv Oblast (region), in western Ukraine.	Drohobych	Ukraine
country	Nadbory (nadˈbɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nadbory	Poland
country	Koutéré is a small town in Chad on the border with Cameroon.	Koutéré	Chad
country	The British Association of Friends of Museums (BAFM) is an independent organisation, for Friends, supporters, and volunteers in museums, galleries, and heritage sites in the United Kingdom.	British Association of Friends of Museums	United Kingdom
country	Arłamów (arˈwamuf) (Ukrainian: Арламів Arlamiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, near the border with the Ukraine.	Arłamów	Poland
country	Institute of Space Technology (also known as IST) is a public research university located in Islamabad, Pakistan.	Institute of Space Technology	Pakistan
country	The Sikhote-Alin (Russian: Сихотэ́-Али́нь) is a mountain range in Primorsky and Khabarovsk Krais, Russia, extending about 900 kilometres (560 mi) to the northeast of the Russian Pacific seaport of Vladivostok.	Sikhote-Alin	Russia
country	BurJuman (Arabic: بر جمان‎) is one of the oldest shopping mall in Dubai, located in the residential area of Bur Dubai, in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	BurJuman	United Arab Emirates
country	Sa Pa ( listen), or Sapa, is a frontier township and capital of Sa Pa District in Lào Cai Province in northwest Vietnam.	Sa Pa	Vietnam
country	FC Iskra-Stal Rîbnița is a Moldovan football club based in Rîbnița, Moldova (Transnistria).	FC Iskra-Stal	Moldova
country	El Campello (Valencian pronunciation: (eɫ kamˈpeʎo), Spanish: Campello) is a town on the Costa Blanca of Spain, within the Valencian Community.	El Campello	Spain
country	Plémy (Breton: Plevig, Gallo: Plémic) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plémy	France
country	Al-Jam`e Al-Anwar (Arabic: الجامع الانور‎, Anwar Mosque, literally:The Enlightened Mosque) also Al-Hakim Mosque is a major Islamic religious site in Cairo, Egypt.	Al-Hakim Mosque	Egypt
country	Kenes Mal (Persian: کنس مال‎, also Romanized as Kenes Māl) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kenes Mal	Iran
country	Namakeh (Persian: نمكه‎) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Namakeh	Iran
country	Xurəl (also, Xürəl and Khurel'') is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xurəl	Azerbaijan
country	Aghasur (Persian: اغاسور‎, also Romanized as Āghāsūr; also known as Āqā Sūr) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghasur	Iran
country	Skulsk (skulsk) is a village in Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Skulsk	Poland
country	Anbarkeh (Persian: عنبركه‎, also Romanized as ``Anbarkeh) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 331, in 92 families.	Anbarkeh	Iran
country	Wholesale Club is a chain of warehouse clubs owned by Loblaw Companies with locations across Canada.	Wholesale Club	Canada
country	Smolyaninovo (Russian: Смоляни́ново) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Shkotovsky District of Primorsky Krai, Russia, located 45 kilometers (28 mi) from Vladivostok; 73 kilometers (45 mi) by road.	Smolyaninovo	Russia
country	Lake Waswanipi is a lake in south western Quebec, Canada.	Lake Waswanipi	Canada
country	The Aguinaldo Shrine is the national shrine located in Kawit, Cavite in the Republic of the Philippines, where the independence of the Philippines from Spain was declared on June 12, 1898.	Aguinaldo Shrine	Philippines
country	Harutzim (Hebrew: חָרוּצִים, lit. Diligents) is a communal settlement in central Israel.	Harutzim	Israel
country	The Lethbridge Airport (IATA: YQL, ICAO: CYQL), previously the Lethbridge County Airport, is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) south southeast of Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.	Lethbridge Airport	Canada
country	Chwaliszowice (xfaliʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (formerly German Quolsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel, within Żary County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Chwaliszowice	Poland
country	Balamu (IR Station code JNH) is an important railway junction station under Allahabad division of Northern Railway (India) zone of Indian Railways.	Balamu	India
country	Lopatinec (Hungarian: Lapáthegy) is a village in Croatia.	Lopatinec	Croatia
country	Sucleia (Ukrainian: Суклея; Russian: Суклея) is a commune in the Slobozia sub-district of Transnistria, Moldova.	Sucleia	Moldova
country	Piccaninny Plains Sanctuary is a 1700 km² nature reserve on the Cape York Peninsula of Far North Queensland, Australia.	Piccaninny Plains Sanctuary	Australia
country	Allports Island is a small uninhabited island located in Queen Charlotte Sound in Marlborough, New Zealand.	Allports Island	New Zealand
country	Among companies that contributed to the demographic development of Bangsar include Sistem Televisyen Malaysia Berhad and Lever Brothers.	Bangsar	Malaysia
country	Miye ou Miye (Arabic: المية ومية‎, English: Mieh Mieh, French: Mîyé ou Mîyé) is a village in southern Lebanon located 5 km (3.2 mi) East of Sidon and 45 km (28 mi) south of the capital Beirut and it overlooks the Mediterranean Sea.	Miye ou Miye	Lebanon
country	Bagh-e Qisar (Persian: باغ قيصر‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Qīṣar) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Qisar	Iran
country	Damirchi Haddadan (Persian: دميرچي حدادان‎, also Romanized as Damīrchī Ḩaddādān; also known as Dameshlar, Dāmeshleyār, Damīrchī, Damīrchī Kandī, Damishliār, Damyshlyar, and Ḩaddādān) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Damirchi Haddadan	Iran
country	Chorny Volcano (Вулкан Чёрный - Black Volcano) is a stratovolcano situated in the central Kamchatka in Russia.	Chorny Volcano	Russia
country	Inishmurray (Irish: Inis Muireadheach, meaning ``Muireadheach's island'') is an uninhabited island situated 7 km off the coast of County Sligo, Ireland.	Inishmurray	Ireland
country	El Tor Airport (IATA: ELT, ICAO: HETR) is an airport serving the Suez Gulf port city of El Tor, Sinai Peninsula, Egypt.	El Tor Airport	Egypt
country	The Pinka is a river in Central Europe with a length of approximately 55 km. Its source is located in Styria, eastern Austria, next to the provincial border of Burgenland.	Pinka	Austria
country	Ultzama (Ulzama in Spanish) is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Ultzama	Spain
country	Šomrda (Serbian Cyrillic: Шомрда) is a mountain in eastern Serbia, near the town of Lepenski Vir.	Šomrda	Serbia
country	Atiak is a town in the Northern Region of Uganda on the Gulu-Nimule Road, the primary trade route between Uganda and South Sudan.	Atiak	Uganda
country	Villa Parisi - Borghese is a villa in Frascati, now in Monte Porzio Catone municipal territory, Italy.	Villa Parisi	Italy
country	Bid Shahr (Persian: بيدشهر‎, also Romanized as Bīd Shahr) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District, Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bid Shahr	Iran
country	The Liaquat National Hospital (LNH), is located at Stadium Road, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Liaquat National Hospital	Pakistan
country	Mulungwishi is a community in the Katanga Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Mulungwishi	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Pardubice Airport (Czech: Letiště Pardubice) is a military airport permitted to handle international civil air traffic in the city of Pardubice, Czech Republic.	Pardubice Airport	Czech Republic
country	Morrison Glace Bay High School was one of the two high schools serving the town of Glace Bay located in Nova Scotia, Canada, during the later half of the twentieth century.	Morrison Glace Bay High School	Canada
country	The Laborec Highlands (in Slovak, Laborecká vrchovina) is a mountain range in northeastern Slovakia, part of the Lower Beskids of the Outer Eastern Carpathians.	Laborec Highlands	Slovakia
country	Forster Motorsport are a racing team, based in Wallsend, United Kingdom.	Forster Motorsport	United Kingdom
country	Milly Milly or Milly Milly Station is a pastoral lease and operating sheep and cattle station located about 188 kilometres (117 mi) west of Meekatharra in the Mid-West of Western Australia.	Milly Milly	Australia
country	Świerże-Leśniewek (ˈɕfjɛrʐɛ lɛɕˈɲɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Świerże-Leśniewek	Poland
country	The Aurès Mountains, (Berber: Awras, Latin: Aurasium, Arabic: جبال الأوراس‎) are an eastern prolongation of the Atlas Mountain System that lies to the east of the Saharan Atlas in northeastern Algeria.	Aurès Mountains	Algeria
country	Mahajarabad (Persian: مهاجر آباد‎, also Romanized as Mahājarābād) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mahajarabad	Iran
country	Vavuniya (Tamil: வவுனியா, Sinhalese: වවුනියා) is a large town in the Northern Province, Sri Lanka, governed by an Urban Council.	Vavuniya	Sri Lanka
country	Kallmet is a former municipality in the Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.	Kallmet	Albania
country	Band-e Yaghmur (Persian: بنديغمور‎, also Romanized as Band-e Yaghmūr and Band-e Yaqmūr) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Band-e Yaghmur	Iran
country	Le Pouce (French: ``The Thumb'') is the third highest mountain in Mauritius, at 812 meters (2664 feet).	Le Pouce	Mauritius
country	El Afweyn District (Somali: Degmada Ceel Afweyn), also known as El Afweyne District, is a district in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	El Afweyn District	Somalia
country	Dash Feshal (Persian: داش فشل‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Feshal and Dāsh Feshel; also known as Dāsh Fīshal, Fashal Dash, Feshal, Feshal Dāsh, and Mīshah) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dash Feshal	Iran
country	Loitokitok, also Oloitokitok, is a town in Kajiado County, Kenya.	Loitokitok	Kenya
country	Methil Docks was previously used for the movement of coal and was important during the Second World War, at the time it was the second largest coal port in the United Kingdom.	Methil Docks	United Kingdom
country	Lake Mburo National Park is a national park located in western Uganda.	Lake Mburo National Park	Uganda
country	Převýšov is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic located about 4 km west of Chlumec nad Cidlinou.	Převýšov	Czech Republic
country	Cesar Lim Rodriguez (CLR) Airport (IATA: RZP, ICAO: RPSD), more popularly known as Taytay Airport (also Sandoval Airport), is an airport in Taytay, Palawan, Philippines.	Taytay Airport	Philippines
country	Kaman-Kalehöyük is a multi-period archaeological site in Kırşehir Province, Turkey, around 100 km south east of Ankara 6 km east of the town center of Kaman.	Kaman-Kalehöyük	Turkey
country	Stephen Leacock Collegiate Institute (SLCI, Stephen Leacock, or Leacock) and John Buchan Senior Public School (JBSPS, John Buchan or Buchan) are two public middle and secondary schools in Scarborough, Ontario, Canada owned and operated by the Toronto District School Board that were originally part of the Scarborough Board of Education.	Stephen Leacock Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	The municipality of Boñar (Spanish pronunciation: (boˈɲar)) is located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Boñar	Spain
country	Chandwad is a tehsil in Malegaon subdivision of Nashik district in Maharashtra, India.	Chandwad	India
country	Rendsburg (Danish: Rendsborg) is a town on the River Eider and the Kiel Canal in the central part of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Rendsburg	Germany
country	The Butchers Lake is a small salt lake of the Corangamite catchment, located north of Lake Beeac and south of Lake Cundare, in the south-western lakes district of Victoria, Australia.	Butchers Lake	Australia
country	Sjenica Airport (Serbian: Аеродром Сјеница / Aerodrom Sjenica) (ICAO: LYSJ), also known as Dubinje Airport (Serbian: Аеродром Дубиње / Aerodrom Dubinje) is a military airport in Serbia, near the town of Sjenica on Pešter plateau.	Sjenica Airport	Serbia
country	Tomás de Heres Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Nacional Tomas de Heres, IATA: CBL, ICAO: SVCB) is an airport in Ciudad Bolívar, Venezuela.	Tomás de Heres Airport	Venezuela
country	Biadoliny Szlacheckie (bjadɔˈlinɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno, within Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Biadoliny Szlacheckie	Poland
country	Ak-Tuz is an urban-type settlement in the Kemin District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Ak-Tuz	Kyrgyzstan
country	Patzún (Spanish pronunciation: (patˈsun)) is a municipality in the Chimaltenango department of Guatemala.	Patzún	Guatemala
country	Campania Sound is a sound on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located between Campania Island and Princess Royal Island.	Campania Sound	Canada
country	The Académie internationale Mohammed VI de l'aviation civile (AIMAC, in English International Academy Mohammed VI of Civil Aviation) is a public aviation university created in 2000 by the King Mohammed VI of Morocco in order to train air traffic controllers, Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnel and aerospace engineers.	Académie internationale Mohammed VI de l'aviation civile	Morocco
country	The Comrades Marathon is an ultramarathon of approximately 89 km (approx. 56 miles) which is run annually in the KwaZulu-Natal Province of South Africa between the cities of Durban and Pietermaritzburg.	Comrades Marathon	South Africa
country	Martinelli Building (in Portuguese: Edifício Martinelli), with 30 floors, was the first skyscraper in Brazil.	Martinelli Building	Brazil
country	The Nyköping Railway Bridge spans the river Nyköpingsån in Nyköping, Sweden.	Nyköping Railway Bridge	Sweden
country	Vändra is a borough (Estonian: alev) with a municipality status in Pärnu County, Estonia.	Vändra	Estonia
country	Mester utca is a 2-kilometre main street in the district of Ferencváros, Budapest, Hungary.	Mester utca	Hungary
country	Lurabi (Persian: لورابي‎, also Romanized as Lūrābī) is a village in Quri Qaleh Rural District, Shahu District, Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Lurabi	Iran
country	Gmina Gromadka is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland.	Gmina Gromadka	Poland
country	Torre Espacial, or Torre Interama, is a 200 metres (660 ft) high observation tower in the Villa Soldati section of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Torre Espacial	Argentina
country	Kyaukme District is a district of northern Shan State in Burma (Myanmar).	Kyaukme District	Myanmar
country	Podgora pri Dolskem (pronounced (pɔdˈɡɔːɾa pɾi ˈdoːu̯skɛm) or (pɔdˈɡɔːɾa pɾi ˈdoːlskɛm)) is a small settlement northeast of Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podgora pri Dolskem	Slovenia
country	Beaubien Street (officially Rue Beaubien) is a major east-west street located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Beaubien Street	Canada
country	Kirkjuá is a river which runs through the village of Sørvág in the Faroe Islands.	Kirkjuá	Faroe Islands
country	Fagui is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Fagui	Mali
country	Bala Moallem Kola (Persian: بالا معلم كلا‎, also Romanized as Bālā Mo``allem Kolā) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 569, in 147 families.	Bala Moallem Kola	Iran
country	The United World College of South East Asia (UWCSEA) is a member of the United World College (UWC) movement and an independent, international school in Singapore.	United World College of South East Asia	Singapore
country	Kuopio Airport (IATA: KUO, ICAO: EFKU) is an airport in Siilinjärvi, Finland, about 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Kuopio city centre.	Kuopio Airport	Finland
country	The City of Horsham was a local government area about 290 kilometres (180 mi) west-northwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	City of Horsham	Australia
country	The rivers that run from the Drakensberg are an essential resource for South Africa's economy, providing water for the industrial provinces of Mpumalanga and Gauteng, which contains the city of Johannesburg.	Drakensberg	South Africa
country	The Tavt mine (Mongolian: Тавт) is a gold mines in the Teshig sum of Bulgan aimag in northern Mongolia.	Tavt mine	Mongolia
country	Bucheon Station is a ground level metro station located in Bucheon, South Korea.	Bucheon Station	South Korea
country	Choa Chu Kang Cemetery Complex (or Chua Chu Kang Cemetery) (Chinese: 蔡厝港坟场 Malay: Kawasan Perkuburan Choa Chu Kang) is the biggest cemetery in Singapore.	Choa Chu Kang Cemetery	Singapore
country	Twon-Brass, previously known simply as Brass or Brasstown is a community on Brass island in the Nun River estuary of Southern Bayelsa State, Nigeria, in the Brass Local Government Area.	Twon-Brass	Nigeria
country	CHPH-FM is a First Nations community radio station that operates at 99.7 FM in Wemindji, Quebec, Canada.	CHPH-FM	Canada
country	Kikuchi Keifuen Sanatorium or National Sanatorium Kikuchi Keifuen is a sanatorium for leprosy patients or ex-leprosy patients at Kohshi-shi, Kumamoto-ken, Japan founded in 1909.	Kikuchi Keifuen Sanatorium	Japan
country	Njårdhallen is an indoor sports arena located in Vestre Aker, Oslo, Norway.	Njårdhallen	Norway
country	Tansing (तानसेन, also spelled ``Tensing'' and ``Tanshing'') is a historic town of Western Nepal.	Tansing	Nepal
country	Shengan (Persian: شنگان‎, also Romanized as Shengān and Shangan) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shengan	Iran
country	Štefanovičováis a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Štefanovičová	Slovakia
country	Skaugum is the official residence of Crown Prince Haakon of Norway and of his wife Crown Princess Mette-Marit.	Skaugum	Norway
country	Leszczno (ˈlɛʂt͡ʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Leszczno	Poland
country	Gondershe, also known as Gandershe or El Torre, is a town in the south-central Banaadir province of Somalia.	Gondershe	Somalia
country	Çal is a town and a district of Denizli Province in the inner Aegean region of Turkey.	Çal	Turkey
country	Mera Jaffar is a small village near Golra Sharif, Islamabad, Pakistan.	Mera Jaffar	Pakistan
country	Phnom Tamao Wildlife Rescue Centre (PTWRC) is a wildlife centre located roughly 25 miles (40 km) by road south of Phnom Penh, Cambodia.	Phnom Tamao Wildlife Rescue Centre	Cambodia
country	Ergates (Greek: Eργατες) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.	Ergates	Cyprus
country	Żerniki Górne (ʐɛrˈniki ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Żerniki Górne	Poland
country	Siechnice (ɕɛxˈɲit͡sɛ) (formerly German: Tschechnitz, renamed Kraftborn in the Nazi era) is a town in Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Siechnice	Poland
country	The Karabakh Plateau (Azerbaijani: Qarabağ yaylası; Armenian: Ղարաբաղի բարձրավանդակ translit.: Gharabaghi bardzravandak) is a volcanic plateau of the Lesser Caucasus, in Armenia and Azerbaijan (unrecognized Nagorno-Karabakh Republic).	Karabakh Plateau	Armenia
country	El Eden Ecological Reserve is a non governmental organization Ecological Reserve in Quintana Roo, Mexico.	El Eden Ecological Reserve	Mexico
country	Little Camping Island is located in the Dolphin and Union Strait, southwest of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Little Camping Island	Canada
country	Nepřevázka (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnɛpr̝̊ɛvaːska); formerly Nepřevazy (ˈnɛpr̝̊ɛvazɪ)) is a village about 10 kilometers east of Mladá Boleslav, Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Nepřevázka	Czech Republic
country	Żoń (ʐɔɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Margonin, within Chodzież County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Żoń	Poland
country	Havelock North High School is a state co-education secondary school located in Havelock North, New Zealand.	Havelock North High School	New Zealand
country	The Mother of Good Counsel Minor Seminary is the minor seminary of the Archdiocese of San Fernando, the Pampanga province of the Philippines.	Mother of Good Counsel Minor Seminary	Philippines
country	Kolvereid is a town and former municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Kolvereid	Norway
country	Linköping University (in Swedish: Linköpings universitet, LiU) is a state university in Linköping, Sweden.	Linköping University	Sweden
country	The Queenston Heights is a geographical feature of the Niagara Escarpment immediately above the village of Queenston, Ontario, Canada.	Queenston Heights	Canada
country	Stanežiče (pronounced (ˈstaːnɛʒitʃɛ)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Stanežiče	Slovenia
country	Geotrail is headquartered in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada and was founded in October 2009.	Geotrail	Canada
country	Gokayama (五箇山) is an area within the city of Nanto in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.	Gokayama	Japan
country	Krasnoyarsk Metro System is a future subway system in the city of Krasnoyarsk, Russia.	Krasnoyarsk Metro	Russia
country	PJSC VimpelCom is the third-largest wireless and second-largest telecom operator in Russia.	PJSC VimpelCom	Russia
country	The Municipality of Črnomelj (pronounced (tʃəɾˈnoːməl); Slovene: Občina Črnomelj) is a municipality in southeastern Slovenia.	Municipality of Črnomelj	Slovenia
country	Kilnacreeva (Irish: Cill na Craoibhe, meaning ``church of the branching tree'') is a townland in County Cavan, Ireland.	Kilnacreeva	Ireland
country	Himara or Himarë (from Greek: Χειμάρρα, Himarra, definite Albanian form: Himara) is a bilingual region and municipality in southern Albania, part of Vlorë County.	Himara	Albania
country	The Staubbach Falls (German: Staubbachfall) is a waterfall in Switzerland, located just above Lauterbrunnen in the Bernese Oberland.	Staubbach Falls	Switzerland
country	ABES Engineering College (also known as ABESEC) is a self-financed engineering college, situated in Ghaziabad, NCR, India.	ABES Engineering College	India
country	Želovce (Hungarian: Zsély) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Želovce	Slovakia
country	Cape Helles is the rocky headland at the southwesternmost tip of the Gallipoli peninsula, Turkey.	Cape Helles	Turkey
country	Mrkopalj (pronounced (mř̩kɔpaʎ)) is a town and a municipality in the mountainous part of Croatia in the region of Gorski kotar, located south of Delnice and some 50 km east of Rijeka.	Mrkopalj	Croatia
country	Zharkiv (Ukrainian: Жарків) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Zharkiv	Ukraine
country	Dunajská Streda (Slovak: Dunajská Streda, pronunciation ; Hungarian: Dunaszerdahely; German: Niedermarkt; Hebrew: סרדאהלי‎) is a town in southern Slovakia (Trnavský kraj).	Dunajská Streda	Slovakia
country	Steinkjer Station (Norwegian: Steinkjer stasjon) is a railway station located in the town of Steinkjer in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Steinkjer Station	Norway
country	The Canton of Charmes is a French administrative and electoral grouping of communes in the Vosges département of eastern France and in the region of Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine.	Canton of Charmes	France
country	The Jerilderie Herald and Urana Advertiser, later published as the Jerilderie-Coleambally Herald and Urana Advertiser, was a weekly newspaper published in Jerilderie, New South Wales, Australia.	Jerilderie Herald and Urana Advertiser	Australia
country	The Shey Phoksundo National Park (Nepali: शे-फोकसुण्डो She-Phoksundo) is the largest and only trans-Himalayan national park in Nepal.	Shey Phoksundo National Park	Nepal
country	Jahrom (Persian: جهرم‎‎, also known as Jahrūm) is a city in and the capital of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jahrom	Iran
country	Rehoboth Urban East is an electoral constituency in the Hardap region of Namibia, comprising the suburbs of Rehoboth that are situated to the east of the national road B1.	Rehoboth Urban East	Namibia
country	Lama-Kara is the full name for the town of Kara in the Kara Region of north Togo.	Lama-Kara	Togo
country	Mount Ragoona, at 1,350 metres elevation, is a relatively high mountain in the southern region of the Walls of Jerusalem National Park in Tasmania, Australia.	Mount Ragoona	Australia
country	Bir-e Bala (Persian: بير بالا‎, also Romanized as Bīr-e Bālā; also known as Bālād) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bir-e Bala	Iran
country	The Incomappleux River is a major tributary of the Columbia River in British Columbia, Canada, entering that river via the Beaton Arm of Upper Arrow Lake.	Incomappleux River	Canada
country	Museum Jan van der Togt is a modern visual art museum in Amstelveen, near Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Museum Jan van der Togt	Netherlands
country	Honde River pronounced Horn-de is a river in Eastern Highlands of Zimbabwe which runs through the Honde Valley.	Honde River	Zimbabwe
country	Awaran District (Balochi: ضِلع آواران), is a district in the south of the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Awaran District	Pakistan
country	Karkush (Persian: كركوش‎, also Romanized as Karkūsh; also known as Garkosh and Kar kosh) is a village in Aland Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Karkush	Iran
country	Gunnared is the northern part of Angered, in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Gunnared	Sweden
country	Baykal (port) (Russian: Байка́л (порт)) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Slyudyansky District of Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located near Lake Baikal on the left bank of the Angara River, 60 kilometers (37 mi) south of Irkutsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Baykal (port)	Russia
country	Circus Insane is a United Kingdom circus sideshow, ran by and featuring performer Doc Insane, who performs both classic and modern sideshow acts such as fire eating, bed of nails, human blockhead, face in broken glass, and the human dartboard.	Circus Insane	United Kingdom
country	The Anna Cave (also called Petőfi Cave) is a natural limestone cave in Miskolc-Lillafüred, Hungary, near the waterfall.	Anna Cave	Hungary
country	Palekh (Russian: Па́лех) is an urban locality (a settlement) and the administrative center of Palekhsky District of Ivanovo Oblast, Russia.	Palekh	Russia
country	The Sungai Johor Bridge (Malay: Jambatan Sungai Johor Jawi: جمبتن سوڠاي جوهر) is an expressway bridge across Johor River on Senai-Desaru Expressway in Johor, Malaysia.	Sungai Johor Bridge	Malaysia
country	Chongren County (simplified Chinese: 崇仁县; traditional Chinese: 崇仁縣; pinyin: Chóngrén Xiàn) is a county of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Chongren County	People's Republic of China
country	Makarios Avenue (Greek: Λεωφόρος Αρχιεπισκόπου Μακαρείου 'Γ Turkish: Makarios Caddesi) is an avenue in the centre of Nicosia, Cyprus which covers a distance of 2 kilometres (1.2 mi).	Makarios Avenue	Cyprus
country	Deleči Vrh (pronounced (dɛˈleːtʃi ˈʋəɾx); also Deleči Hrib, Daleč Vrh, Daleč Hrib; German: Laubbüchel, Gottscheerish: Lapiechl) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia.	Deleči Vrh	Slovenia
country	Kanowit is a town and the capital of a district of the same name, located within the Sibu Division, Sarawak, east Malaysia, comprising 2,253.5 square kilometres.	Kanowit	Malaysia
country	The National Research Centre on Equines (NRCE) was established during 7th five-year plan under the aegis of Indian Council of Agricultural Research for research on equine health and production considering the importance of equines in India.	National Research Centre on Equines	India
country	Tenang (Chinese: 登能) is a small town in Segamat District, Johor, Malaysia.	Tenang	Malaysia
country	Baekdamsa (백담사) is a Buddhist temple in Inje County, Gangwon province, South Korea.	Baekdamsa	South Korea
country	Koronowo (kɔrɔˈnɔvɔ) (German: Krone / Crone an der Brahe , archaic Polnisch Krone) is a town on the Brda River in Poland, located in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, 25 km from Bydgoszcz, with 11,029 inhabitants (2010).	Koronowo	Poland
country	Krivogaštani (Macedonian: Кривогаштани ) is a village situated near Prilep on the Pelagonian plain in the Republic of Macedonia.	Krivogaštani	Macedonia
country	Buniaki (buˈɲaki) (German: Mathildenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Buniaki	Poland
country	Takun (Persian: تكون‎, also Romanized as Tākūn) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Takun	Iran
country	Orie is a village of approximately 3,000 people, and located in the Isoko South local government area of Delta state, Nigeria.	Orie	Nigeria
country	Behram Khel is a town and union council of Lakki Marwat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Behram Khel	Pakistan
country	The Dolphin Gas Project is the natural gas project of the Qatar, United Arab Emirates, and Oman.	Dolphin Gas Project	Qatar	United Arab Emirates	Oman
country	Kuokunu (Russian: Куокуну) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Kuokuninsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 110 kilometers (68 mi) from Suntar, the administrative center of the district.	Kuokunu	Russia
country	Bidev (Tajik Бидав, Yaghnobi Бидев, in local pronunciation also Бидеԝ (Bidew), Russian: Бидив) is a village in western Tajikistan.	Bidev	Tajikistan
country	Uppsala Cathedral (Swedish: Uppsala domkyrka) is a cathedral located between Uppsala University and the River Fyris in the centre of Uppsala, southeastern Sweden.	Uppsala Cathedral	Sweden
country	The Großer Waldstein is part of the Waldstein range in the Fichtel Mountains of Germany.	Großer Waldstein	Germany
country	Qaleh Timi (Persian: قلعه تيمي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Tīmī; also known as Qal``eh Temī) is a village in Dorunak Rural District, Zeydun District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77, in 21 families.	Qaleh Timi	Iran
country	Trelleck Grange (or Trellech Grange) is a small hamlet in a rural area of Monmouthshire, south east Wales, United Kingdom.	Trelleck Grange	United Kingdom
country	Wadi Al Hijar or Wadi Al-Hijr is a wadi in Ad Dhahirah Region, in northeastern Oman.	Wadi Al Hijar	Oman
country	Vyroneia (Greek: Βυρώνεια, before 1924: Χατζή Μπεηλίκ - Chatzi Beilik) is a town located in the municipal unit of Petritsi in the northwestern part of Serres regional unit, Greece.	Vyroneia	Greece
country	The Ambracian Gulf, also known as the Gulf of Arta or the Gulf of Actium, and in some official documents as the Amvrakikos Gulf (Greek: Αμβρακικός κόλπος), is a gulf of the Ionian Sea in northwestern Greece.	Ambracian Gulf	Greece
country	Bissine is a settlement and forest in Senegal.	Bissine	Senegal
country	Świniów (ˈɕfiɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowiec, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Świniów	Poland
country	Lake Drīdzis (Dreidzs in local dialect) is the deepest lake in Latvia with a maximum depth of 65.1 m.	Lake Drīdzis	Latvia
country	Cienin-Perze (ˈt͡ɕɛnin ˈpɛʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Cienin-Perze	Poland
country	Louth Island is a 135 ha island located in Louth Bay, Spencer Gulf, South Australia.	Louth Island	Australia
country	Piskowa (pisˈkɔva) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Piskowa	Poland
country	Braddell Bus Park is a SBS Transit bus park on Braddell Road in Toa Payoh, Singapore.	Braddell Bus Park	Singapore
country	Chom Sawan (Thai: จอมสวรรค์) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Chan District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Chom Sawan	Thailand
country	The Castle of Good Hope (Dutch: Kasteel de Goede Hoop; Afrikaans: Kasteel die Goeie Hoop) is a star fort built in the 17th century in Cape Town, South Africa.	Castle of Good Hope	South Africa
country	Eilon (Hebrew: אֵילוֹן) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Eilon	Israel
country	Lwiindi is an annual festival of the Tonga people of southern Zambia.	Lwiindi	Zambia
country	Podil (Ukrainian: Поділ) is a historic neighborhood in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Podil	Ukraine
country	Eslöv is a town and the seat of Eslöv Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 17,748 inhabitants in 2010.	Eslöv	Sweden
country	Kąkolewnica (kɔnkɔlɛvˈnit͡sa) is a village in Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kąkolewnica	Poland
country	Brunswick Peninsula (Spanish: Península de Brunswick) is a large peninsula in Magallanes y la Antártica Region, Patagonia, Chile, at 53.5°S 71.4166667°W. It is 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) wide at its base in the north, and almost 80 kilometres (50 mi) in the south.	Brunswick Peninsula	Chile
country	Zaoksky Adventist University is a private coeducational Christian university located in Tula Oblast of Russia, and is operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church.	Zaoksky Adventist University	Russia
country	Hattuvaara is a village in Ilomantsi municipality in the province of Eastern Finland, about 40 km north-east from the municipality centre and near the border with Russia.	Hattuvaara	Finland
country	MacGregor State High School (MSHS) is a co-educational, state secondary school, located in Macgregor, a southeastern suburb of Brisbane, Queensland Australia.	MacGregor State High School	Australia
country	Kvívík (Danish: Kvivig, older Qvivig) is a village on the west coast of Streymoy in the Faroe Islands, in the eponymous municipality of Kvívík.	Kvívík	Faroe Islands
country	The Canton of Romilly-sur-Seine-2 is a former canton of the arrondissement of Nogent-sur-Seine, in the Aube department, in northern France.	Canton of Romilly-sur-Seine-2	France
country	Southern Regional College (SRC) is a further and higher education college in the southern area of Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom.	Southern Regional College	United Kingdom
country	Miechów County (Polish: powiat miechowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Miechów County	Poland
country	Wexham Park Hospital is a large NHS hospital which provides emergency, trauma and orthopaedic surgery, plastic and reconstructive surgery, paediatric, coronary care and maternity services, amongst others, in Wexham, Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom.	Wexham Park Hospital	United Kingdom
country	FUNCINPEC (Khmer: គណបក្ស ហ្វ៊ុនស៊ិនប៉ិច) is a royalist political party in Cambodia.	FUNCINPEC	Cambodia
country	Piopio College is a coeducational secondary school in Piopio, a town in the Waitomo District of New Zealand.	Piopio College	New Zealand
country	The Kubah National Park (Malay: Taman Negara Kubah) is a national park in Kuching Division, Sarawak, Malaysia.	Kubah National Park	Malaysia
country	Luhačovice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈluɦatʃovɪtsɛ); German: Luhatschowitz) is a spa town in the Zlín Region, Moravia, Czech Republic.	Luhačovice	Czech Republic
country	Al-Qalamoun (Arabic: القلمون) is a Mediterranean seaside town of the North Governorate of Lebanon in the Tripoli District.	Al-Qalamoun	Lebanon
country	The Rudolfinum is a music auditorium and art gallery in Prague, Czech Republic.	Rudolfinum	Czech Republic
country	It has a tram station, Deansgate-Castlefield Metrolink station (formerly G-Mex) providing frequent Manchester Metrolink services to Eccles, Bury, Altrincham, Manchester Piccadilly, East Didsbury and Rochdale Castlefield was designated as a conservation area in 1980 and the United Kingdom's first designated Urban Heritage Park in 1982.	Castlefield	United Kingdom
country	Oblo Brdo (Serbian Cyrillic: Обло Брдо) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Oblo Brdo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	African Lion Safari is a family-owned safari park situated in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, about 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of Toronto.	African Lion Safari	Canada
country	Lac de Taney (or Lac de Tanay) is a lake in Valais, Switzerland.	Lac de Taney	Switzerland
country	Khvoshaku (Persian: خوشاكو‎, also Romanized as Khvoshākū; also known as Khvoshālū) is a village in Dasht Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khvoshaku	Iran
country	Villa Volta is an attraction in the amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands.	Villa Volta	Netherlands
country	Matameye is a town and urban commune, administrative centre of the Matameye Department in Niger, with a population of 17,930 as of 2001.	Matameye	Niger
country	Czarnowąsy (t͡ʂarnɔˈvɔ̃sɨ) (German: Czarnowanz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzeń Wielki, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czarnowąsy	Poland
country	Corriverton is the most easterly town in Guyana.	Corriverton	Guyana
country	Wronki Prison (Polish: Zakład Karny Wronki) is the largest prison in Poland, holding over 1400 prisoners.	Wronki Prison	Poland
country	Waubra (formerly known as The Springs) is a town in Victoria, Australia.	Waubra	Australia
country	Sanatorne (Ukrainian: Санаторне; Russian: Санаторное; Crimean Tatar: Melas) is an urban-type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Sanatorne	Ukraine	Russia
country	Opération Épervier (French pronunciation: ​(ɔpeʁasjɔ̃ epɛʁvje); English: Operation Sparrowhawk) was the codename, from 1986 until 2014, for the ongoing French military presence in Chad.	Opération Épervier	Chad
country	Kerastaris (Greek: Κεραστάρης) is a village in the municipal unit of Valtetsi, Arcadia, Greece.	Kerastaris	Greece
country	The Cluj-Napoca Botanical Garden, officially Alexandru Borza Cluj-Napoca University Botanic Garden (Romanian: Grădina Botanică Alexandru Borza a Universităţii Cluj-Napoca), is a botanical garden located in the south part of Cluj-Napoca, Romania.	Cluj-Napoca Botanical Garden	Romania
country	Karishki (Persian: كريشكي‎, also Romanized as Karīshkī, Kereshkī, and Kerīshkī; also known as Qal``eh Kirishki) is a village in Bala Deh Rural District, Beyram District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 433, in 114 families.	Karishki	Iran
country	Helfenterbruck is the name of a forest and upscale semi-rural neighborhood in Bertrange, Luxembourg, which in turn is a suburb of Luxembourg City, Luxembourg.	Helfenterbruck	Luxembourg
country	Chah-e Moseyleh (Persian: چاه مسيله‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Moseyleh) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Moseyleh	Iran
country	The Jewish Historical Institute (Polish: Żydowski Instytut Historyczny or ŻIH) is a research institute in Warsaw, Poland, primarily dealing with the history of Jews in Poland.	Jewish Historical Institute	Poland
country	Juvai Semaring Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Yuvai Semaring) (IATA: LBW, ICAO: WAQJ previously WRLB) is an airport serving Long Bawan, located in the province of North Kalimantan in Indonesia.	Juvai Semaring Airport	Indonesia
country	Lizbirt (also, Lizbirt Myubirt) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.	Lizbirt	Azerbaijan
country	Kalø Castle (Danish: Kalø Slot) is a ruined castle located in eastern Jutland, in Denmark, 20 km from the city of Aarhus within Mols Bjerge National Park.	Kalø Castle	Denmark
country	Dilla is a town located in the northwestern Awdal region of Somalia.	Dilla	Somalia
country	Podpreska (pronounced (pɔtˈpreːska); German: Merleinsraut or Merleinsrauth) is a village in the Municipality of Loški Potok in southern Slovenia.	Podpreska	Slovenia
country	Somokluy-e Olya (Persian: سمكلوي عليا‎, also Romanized as Somoklūy-e ``Olyā) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 24 families.	Somokluy-e Olya	Iran
country	Reales Tamarindos Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Reales Tamarindos) (IATA: PVO, ICAO: SEPV) is an airport serving Portoviejo, the capital city of the province of Manabí in Ecuador.	Reales Tamarindos Airport	Ecuador
country	Lake Chew Bahir (Amharic: ጨው ባሕር č̣ew bāhir, ``salty lake'') or Lake Istifanos, also called Stefanie, Basso Naebor and Chuwaha, is a lake in southern Ethiopia, located on the southwestern end of the Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples' Region, near the border with Oromia Region.	Lake Chew Bahir	Ethiopia
country	Prague 9 is both a municipal and an administrative district in Prague, Czech Republic.	Prague 9	Czech Republic
country	The Royal Melbourne Hospital (RMH), located in Parkville, Victoria an inner suburb of Melbourne is one of Australia's leading public hospitals.	Royal Melbourne Hospital	Australia
country	The Malacca Straits Mosque (Malay: Masjid Selat Melaka) is a mosque located on the man-made Malacca Island near Malacca City in Malacca state, Malaysia.	Malacca Straits Mosque	Malaysia
country	Křemešník is a mountain near the city of Pelhřimov in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Křemešník	Czech Republic
country	Topolovci (pronounced (tɔpɔˈloːu̯tsi); Hungarian: Jegenyés, Prekmurje Slovene: Topolouvci, German: Topolschitz) is a small village in the Municipality of Cankova in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Topolovci	Slovenia
country	Lister Centre, known for most of its history as Lister Hall, is the primary student residence at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Lister Centre	Canada
country	Gyul'bakhor is a village in Aravan District, Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Gyul'bakhor	Kyrgyzstan
country	Asian Highway 71 (AH71) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 390 km (245 miles) from Delaram, Afghanistan to Dashtak, Iran connecting AH1 to AH75.	AH71	Afghanistan	Iran
country	Bemarivo Reserve is a wildlife reserve in the North-West of Madagascar.	Bemarivo Reserve	Madagascar
country	Borowno-Kolonia (bɔˈrɔvnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Borowno-Kolonia	Poland
country	Vajska (Serbian Cyrillic: Вајска listen ) is a village in Serbia.	Vajska	Serbia
country	Sher-e-Bangla Medical College (SBMC), is a government medical school in Bangladesh, established in 1968.	Sher-e-Bangla Medical College	Bangladesh
country	Rerh/Reerh (Urdu=ر یڑھ) is a small village near Atter Shisha in the Union Council Sand-e-sar in Mansehra District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Reerh	Pakistan
country	AB Stockholms Spårvägar (SS) (literally Stockholm Tramways) is a name used by two different Swedish limited companies operating public transport in Stockholm, the capital city of Sweden.	AB Stockholms Spårvägar	Sweden
country	Ten Legoland Discovery Centres are currently operating, with two in Germany, six in the United States, one in Japan, one in the United Kingdom, and one in Canada.	Legoland Discovery Centre	Germany
country	Macquarie Place is a small triangular park in central Sydney, Australia.	Macquarie Place	Australia
country	Radłówek (radˈwuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Radłówek	Poland
country	The Borough of Chaguanas is the largest borough (83,516 at the 2011 census) and fastest-growing town in Trinidad and Tobago.	Chaguanas	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Café Gijón (Also known as Gran Café de Gijón) is a culturally significant Coffeehouse situated at No. 21, in the principal boulevard of central Madrid, Spain, which is known as Paseo de Recoletos.	Café Gijón	Spain
country	Lamballe (Breton: Lambal, Gallo: Lanball) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Lamballe	France
country	Obrne (pronounced (ˈoːbəɾnɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Obrne	Slovenia
country	Zittau (Czech: Žitava, Polish: Żytawa, Upper Sorbian: Žitawa) is a city in the south east of the Free State of Saxony, Germany, close to the border tri-point of Germany, Poland, and the Czech Republic.	Zittau	Germany
country	The Diocese of British Columbia is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and Yukon of the Anglican Church of Canada.	Diocese of British Columbia	Canada
country	Léléblé is a village in southern Ivory Coast.	Léléblé	Ivory Coast
country	Studenčica (Cyrillic: Студенчица) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Studenčica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bronnitsy (Russian: Бро́нницы) is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 54.5 kilometers (33.9 mi) southeast of central Moscow and 13 kilometers (8.1 mi) west of the Bronnitsy station on the Moscow--	Bronnitsy	Russia
country	Prestvannet is a small lake on the highest point on the central part of the island of Tromsøya in the city of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway.	Prestvannet	Norway
country	Marstein Lighthouse (Norwegian: Marstein fyrstasjon) is an active lighthouse in the municipality of Austevoll, in Hordaland county, Norway.	Marstein Lighthouse	Norway
country	Choćmirowo (xɔt͡ɕmiˈrɔvɔ) (German: Alt Gutzmerow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Choćmirowo	Poland
country	Itacurubí de la Cordillera is a town in the Cordillera department of Paraguay, located 92 km Asuncion.	Itacurubí de la Cordillera	Paraguay
country	Hertog Jan (``Duke John''; Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦɛrtɔχ ˈjɑn)) is a brewery in the Netherlands.	Hertog Jan	Netherlands
country	Neeltje Jans (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈneːltjə jɑns)) is an artificial island in the Netherlands in the province of Zeeland, halfway between Noord-Beveland and Schouwen-Duiveland in the Oosterschelde.	Neeltje Jans	Netherlands
country	The Markopoulo Olympic Equestrian Centre hosted the equestrian events at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Markopoulo Olympic Equestrian Centre	Greece
country	Maintirano Airport is an airport in Maintirano, Melaky Region, Madagascar (IATA: MXT, ICAO: FMMO).	Maintirano Airport	Madagascar
country	Brani Do (Serbian Cyrillic: Брани До) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brani Do	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hamburg Finkenwerder Airport (IATA: XFW, ICAO: EDHI) is a private airport in the quarter of Finkenwerder, in the southwest part of Hamburg, Germany.	Hamburg Finkenwerder Airport	Germany
country	Shiluvane or Shiluvana is a town in Mopani District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Shiluvane	South Africa
country	The Solar Pyramid was a proposed sculpture originally scheduled to open in June 2003 in the United Kingdom.	Solar Pyramid	United Kingdom
country	Kimberley Alpine Resort is a ski resort located in Kimberley, British Columbia, Canada.	Kimberley Alpine Resort	Canada
country	Somumiyeh (Persian: سموميه‎, also Romanized as Somūmīyeh; also known as Somūmīteh) is a village in Neysan Rural District, Neysan District, Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Somumiyeh	Iran
country	Lyalevo or Lyalyovo (Bulgarian: Лялево, Ляльово) is a former village in southernmost western Bulgaria which ceased to exist in 1960.	Lyalevo	Bulgaria
country	Larvotto is the easternmost Ward in the Principality of Monaco.	Larvotto	Monaco
country	Halavar (Armenian: Հալավար, also romanized as Alavar and Galavar) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Halavar	Armenia
country	Belski Vrh (pronounced (ˈbeːlski ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Zavrč in the Haloze area of eastern Slovenia.	Belski Vrh	Slovenia
country	Panagyurski kolonii (Bulgarian: Панагюрски колонии) is a popular mountain resort with a village status situated 1050 m. above sea level in the Sredna Gora Mountain about 15 km. north of the town of Panagyurishte, Bulgaria.	Panagyurski kolonii	Bulgaria
country	Mīlgrāvis is a neighbourhood of Northern District in Riga, the capital of Latvia.	Mīlgrāvis	Latvia
country	The Mouloud Mammeri University of Tizi-Ouzou (Arabic: جامعة مولود معمري - تيزي وزو‎, Kabyle: Tasdawit Lmulud At Maemmar/ⵝⴰⵙⴷⴰⵓⵉⵝ ⵎⵓⵏⵓⴷ ⴰⵝⵎⴷⴰⵟⵙ, French: Université Mouloud Mammeri de Tizi Ouzou) is a university in Tizi Ouzou, Algeria.	Mouloud Mammeri University of Tizi-Ouzou	Algeria
country	Barczewo (barˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) (German: Wartenburg in Ostpreußen) is a town in Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland.	Barczewo	Poland
country	T3 Center, formerly Umeå Arena, SkyCom Arena and Umeå ishall, is an indoor arena in Umeå, Sweden.	T3 Center	Sweden
country	Poljane pri Žužemberku (pronounced (pɔˈljaːnɛ pɾi ˈʒuːʒɛmbɛɾku)) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Poljane pri Žužemberku	Slovenia
country	Mazraeh-ye Abgarm (Persian: مزرعه اب گرم‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ābgarm) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Abgarm	Iran
country	Radio Northland was a radio station based in Whangarei, New Zealand.	Radio Northland	New Zealand
country	Rancho San José Airstrip is a private dirt airstrip located in Rancho San José, better known as Meling Ranch, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, 32 miles to the East of Federal Highway 1, near the West side of the San Pedro Mártir Mountain Range.	Rancho San José Airstrip	Mexico
country	Bontebok National Park is a species-specific national park in South Africa.	Bontebok National Park	South Africa
country	Ghalilah is the name of a settlement in Ras al-Khaimah, in the United Arab Emirates.	Ghalilah	United Arab Emirates
country	Németbánya (formerly Németh-Bánya, German: Deutschhütten, Deutsch-Hütten, means ``German mine'') is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary.	Németbánya	Hungary
country	Central Administrative Okrug, or Tsentralny Administrativny Okrug (Russian: Центра́льный администрати́вный о́круг, Tsentralny administrativny okrug), is one of the twelve administrative okrugs of Moscow, Russia, located within the Kamer-Kollezhny Bank.	Central Administrative Okrug	Russia
country	Ekuku is a village located nearly 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north of Oshakati in Okatana Constituency, Oshana Region, Namibia.	Ekuku	Namibia
country	Kuchek Khortum (Persian: كوچك خرطوم‎, also Romanized as Kūchek Khorţūm and Kūchak Khorţūm) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kuchek Khortum	Iran
country	Kothapalem or Akurajupalli is a village situated in the Machavaram mandal (sub-division) of the Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh, India	Kothapalem	India
country	The Young Liberals Party (Bulgarian: Младолиберална партия, Mladoliberalna partiya, MLP) was a political party in Bulgaria during the early 20th century.	Young Liberals Party	Bulgaria
country	Matadiva was a short-lived Roman Catholic mission station in southern Angola, located ca.	Matadiva	Angola
country	Riverdale Ward was a municipal ward in the city of Ottawa, Canada.	Riverdale Ward	Canada
country	Bushrod Island is an island near Monrovia, Liberia surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, the Saint Paul River,the Mesurado River and Stockton Creek.	Bushrod Island	Liberia
country	Minjavan District (Persian: بخش منجوان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Minjavan District	Iran
country	Kahriz-e Bid Sorkh (Persian: كهريزبيدسرخ‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Bīd Sorkh; also known as Kahrīz) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Bid Sorkh	Iran
country	Salviigränd (Swedish: Alley of Salvius) is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Salviigränd	Sweden
country	Siorarsuk Peninsula is a finger-shaped peninsula in northern Baffin Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Siorarsuk Peninsula	Canada
country	Burgruine Friedburg was a castle, now demolished, in the state of Salzburg, Austria.	Burgruine Friedburg	Austria
country	Alpuri Tehsil is an administrative sub division (tehsil) of Shangla District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Alpuri Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Tiagba is a village in southern Ivory Coast, on the north shore of Ébrié Lagoon.	Tiagba	Ivory Coast
country	Volos is the third largest major commercial port of mainland Greece in the Aegean sea (after Piraeus and Thessaloniki), with connection by ferry and hydrofoil to the nearby Sporades Islands, which include Skiathos, Skopelos and Alonissos.	Volos	Greece
country	Globel (pronounced (ɡlɔˈbeːu̯) or (ˈɡloːbɛu̯)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sodražica in southern Slovenia, located west of the main town of Sodražica.	Globel	Slovenia
country	The Canton of Châteaugiron is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the northeast of the department.	Canton of Châteaugiron	France
country	The Forum des peuples is an annual demonstration organized since 2002 in Mali by the Coalition des alternatives africaines dettes et développement (CAD-Mali) joining together the alter-globalists of the developing countries.	Forum des peuples	Mali
country	Kłobia Nowa (ˈkwɔbja ˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kłobia Nowa	Poland
country	Kar Gavaneh (Persian: كرگوانه‎, also Romanized as Kar Gabeneh and Gargabīneh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kar Gavaneh	Iran
country	Wydorowo (vɨdɔˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wydorowo	Poland
country	The SIS Swiss International Schools are a group of 15 private day schools in Switzerland, Germany and Brazil offering continuous education from kindergarten through to college.	SIS Swiss International School	Switzerland
country	Pistoia Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Pistoia or Cattedrale di San Zeno) is the main religious building of Pistoia, Tuscany, central Italy, located in the Piazza del Duomo in the centre of the city.	Pistoia Cathedral	Italy
country	Sireköpinge Church (Swedish: Sireköpinge kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church east of Landskrona in the province of Scania, Sweden.	Sireköpinge Church	Sweden
country	Cal Madow (also Al Madow, Al Medu, Calmadow or Al Mado) (Somali: Buuraha Calmadow, Arabic: علمدو‎) is a mountain range in northeastern Somalia, extending from several kilometers west of Bosaso to northwest of Erigavo.	Cal Madow	Somalia
country	Ambanpola (Sinhalese: අඹන්පොල) is a small town in Kurunegala District in Sri Lanka.	Ambanpola	Sri Lanka
country	Mr. Underhill is a music band from Vancouver, Canada started by Chris Kirkham aka Nim Vind.	Mr. Underhill	Canada
country	The Toulon Opera (L'opéra de Toulon), inaugurated on 1 October 1862, is the second-largest opera house in France, after the Palais Garnier in Paris, although it opened thirteen years before the Garnier.	Toulon Opera	France
country	Permyak Salty Ears (Russian: Пермяк солёные уши) is a 2006 urban sculpture by Rustam Ismagilov in the city of Perm, Russia.	Permyak Salty Ears	Russia
country	Necochea is a port and beach city in the southwest of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Necochea	Argentina
country	The Sostro District (pronounced (ˈsoːstɾɔ); Slovene: Četrtna skupnost Sostro), or simply Sostro, is a district (mestna četrt) of the City Municipality of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Sostro District	Slovenia
country	Anbar-e Maran (Persian: انبارماران‎, also Romanized as Anbār-e Mārān; also known as Anbār-e Mīānī and Anbār-e Vasaţ) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Anbar-e Maran	Iran
country	Pira, Tarragona is a village in the province of Tarragona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Pira, Tarragona	Spain
country	Witówko (viˈtufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Witówko	Poland
country	Włoszczowa (vwɔʂˈt͡ʂɔva) is a town in Poland, in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, about 50 km (31 mi) west of Kielce.	Włoszczowa	Poland
country	Dasht-e Arzhan (Persian: دشت ارژن‎‎; also known as Dachte-Arjan, Dasht-e Arjan, Dasht-e Arzhaneh, and Dasht-i- Arjan) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Arzhan	Iran
country	The Shire of Gingin is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, just beyond the northern fringe of the Perth metropolitan area.	Shire of Gingin	Australia
country	Noland Bay is a bay in Northern Tasmania, Australia located in Bass Strait.	Noland Bay	Australia
country	Tuần Châu is a schist island on the south-west side of Hạ Long City in Vietnam.	Tuần Châu	Vietnam
country	Ochodnica (Hungarian: Ösvényes, to 1899 Ochodnicza) is a village and municipality in Kysucké Nové Mesto District in the Zilina Region of northern Slovakia.	Ochodnica	Slovakia
country	Birkenhead Point is a point in Port Jackson, in the suburb of Drummoyne, New South Wales, Australia.	Birkenhead Point	Australia
country	Vilia (Greek: Βίλια) is a village and a former municipality of West Attica, Greece.	Vilia	Greece
country	Akanthou (Greek: Ακανθού; Turkish: Tatlısu) is a village in Famagusta District, on the northern coast of Cyprus.	Akanthou	Cyprus
country	Minoo Island is an Iranian island in the Khuzestan province (located in Persian Gulf), in southwestern Iran and is close to the city of Abadan.	Minoo Island	Iran
country	Horcajuelo de la Sierra (Spanish pronunciation: (oɾkaˈxwelo ðe la ˈsjera)) is a municipality of the Community of Madrid, Spain.	Horcajuelo de la Sierra	Spain
country	Sri Temasek is a two-storey detached house built in 1869 which is sited within the grounds of the Istana in Singapore.	Sri Temasek	Singapore
country	Mecerreyes is a village and municipality in the province of Burgos in Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon.	Mecerreyes	Spain
country	The 2012 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships in speed skating were held at the Thialf ice stadium in Heerenveen, Netherlands from 4 to 5 February 2012.	2012 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships	Netherlands
country	Rybnik County (Polish: powiat rybnicki) is a suburban county in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, created in 1999 as a result of Polish local government reforms.	Rybnik County	Poland
country	Mahottari District (Nepali: महोत्तरी जिल्ला, Listen ), a part of Janakpur Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal.	Mahottari District	Nepal
country	Dudhsagar Falls is amongst India's tallest waterfalls with a height of 310 m(1017 feet) and an average width of 30 metres (100 feet).	Dudhsagar Falls	India
country	Uayma is a town in the Yucatán State, Mexico and the municipal seat of the Uayma Municipality.	Uayma	Mexico
country	Minaret College is the largest co-educational Islamic school in South-Eastern Melbourne, Australia.	Minaret College	Australia
country	Munshausen (Luxembourgish: Munzen) is a village in northern Luxembourg, in the commune of Clervaux.	Munshausen	Luxembourg
country	After the liberation of Greece, Kerasochori was chosen as the seat of Agraion municipality, an old local municipality of Evrytania.	Kerasochori	Greece
country	Strâmtura (Hungarian: Szurdok) is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania.	Strâmtura	Romania
country	Jaur is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal.	Jaur	Nepal
country	Braviken Paper Mill (or simply Braviken) is a paper mill located outside Bråviken, Norrköping, in Sweden.	Braviken Paper Mill	Sweden
country	Misa Urqu (Quechua misa table, urqu mountain, literally ``table mountain'', hispanicized spelling Misa Orjo) is a mountain in the north of the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 m (15,748 ft) high.	Misa Urqu	Peru
country	Burgruine Ortenburg is the ruins of a mediaeval castle near Baldramsdorf in Carinthia, Austria.	Burgruine Ortenburg	Austria
country	Perati (pronounced (ˈpeːɾati)) is a small settlement near Livek in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Perati	Slovenia
country	Quvasoy (Uzbek: Quvasoy; Tajik: Кувасой; Russian: Кувасай) is a city in Fergana Region in eastern Uzbekistan.	Quvasoy	Uzbekistan
country	Buona Vista Bus Terminal (Chinese: 波那维斯达巴士终站) is a bus terminal in Buona Vista, Singapore.	Buona Vista Bus Terminal	Singapore
country	Michell's Pass is a mountain pass in the Western Cape province of South Africa which approaches the town of Ceres from the south-west, connecting it to Tulbagh, Worcester and the Breede River Valley.	Michell's Pass	South Africa
country	The Lyell McEwin Hospital (LMH) is a 385-bed acute care teaching hospital located in Adelaide, South Australia that provides a full range of medical, surgical, diagnostic, emergency and support services to a population of more than 300,000 people living primarily in Adelaide's northern suburbs and nearby towns.	Lyell McEwin Hospital	Australia
country	Mountain Institution is a medium security federal penitentiary operated by the Correctional Service of Canada (CSC).	Mountain Institution	Canada
country	New Halfa Airport (IATA: NHF, ICAO: HSNW) is an airport serving New Halfa, located in the state of Kassala in Sudan.	New Halfa Airport	Sudan
country	Bakhuys Airstrip (ICAO: SMBG) is an airstrip located near the Bakhuys Mountains, called Bakhuys Gebergte in Suriname.	Bakhuys Airstrip	Suriname
country	Zainabobod (Persian: زینب‌آباد‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Zainabobod	Tajikistan
country	Kaharoa is a rural area of New Zealand approximately 20 km from Rotorua and 45 km from Tauranga on the North Island.	Kaharoa	New Zealand
country	Archives of Yugoslavia (Serbian Cyrillic: Архив Југославије), in Belgrade, Serbia, houses and protects the archival materials produced by state bodies and organizations of Yugoslavia from 1918 to 2006.	Archives of Yugoslavia	Serbia
country	Calling Lake Airport, (TC LID: CFK4), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) northwest of Calling Lake, Alberta, Canada.	Calling Lake Airport	Canada
country	The Diggings was a colloquial term for the gold rush locations in Australia and the United States beginning in the 1850s.	Diggings	Australia
country	Lasarat (also known as Laso Harrad) is a town in eastern Ethiopia.	Lasarat	Ethiopia
country	Sørfjorden Chapel (Norwegian: Sørfjorden kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county, Norway.	Sørfjorden Chapel	Norway
country	The Untere Wildgrubenspitze (rarely Große Wildgrubenspitze) is the highest peak of the Lechquellen Mountains in Austria.	Untere Wildgrubenspitze	Austria
country	Hailey College of Commerce is a constituent undergraduate, graduate, and post-graduate college of the University of the Punjab in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Hailey College of Commerce	Pakistan
country	The Alma Jordan Library at the University of the West Indies (UWI), Trinidad and Tobago, was named after UWI librarian Dr. Alma Jordan in 2012.	Alma Jordan Library	Trinidad and Tobago
country	The Do Ab prison is a prison in Panjshir, Afghanistan.	Do Ab prison	Afghanistan
country	Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery is a contemporary art gallery in Sydney, Australia, owned and operated by Roslyn Oxley and her husband Tony Oxley.	Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery	Australia
country	Kərkicahan (also, Kərgicahan, Kirdidzhan, Kirkidzhan, and Krkzhan) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kərkicahan	Azerbaijan
country	Zervynos is an ethnographic village in the Varėna district, Lithuania.	Zervynos	Lithuania
country	The Grand Hotel Heiligendamm is a luxury hotel in Heiligendamm on the Mecklenburg Baltic coast in Germany.	Grand Hotel Heiligendamm	Germany
country	Shunyo Park or Shunyo Garden is a 12-acre (49,000 m2) Zen garden in the Osho Ashram at Koregaon Park, Pune, India.	Shunyo Park	India
country	Mawk'a Tampu (Quechua mawk'a old, tampu inn, ``old tampu'', hispanicized spelling Maucatambo) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia.	Mawk'a Tampu	Bolivia
country	Lovachol (Persian: لواچال‎, also Romanized as Lovāchol; also known as Lovāchol-e Mashāyekh and Loveh Chāl) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lovachol	Iran
country	Sakumono is a small town in the Nugcity around Tema Metropolitan district, a district in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.	Sakumono	Ghana
country	Gorliz is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, which lies within the autonomous community of the Basque Country, in northern Spain.	Gorliz	Spain
country	As of the census of India 2001, Karaiyippatti had a population of 33,881 comprising 17,238 males and 16,643 females, making the sex ratio (number of females per thousand males) of the town 965.	Karaiyippatti	India
country	Etsako East is a local government council in Edo state, Nigeria with its headquarters at Agenebode.	Etsako East	Nigeria
country	Viyyoor Central Jail Government Engineering College, Thrissur Vimala College All India Radio, Thrissur Doordarshan, Thrissur Sessions Court District Institute for Education and Training Hindi Training College Armed Police Camp Police Academy Ramavarmapuram School Juvenile home Viyyur Grameena vayanasala St. Francis L.P. School 110 kV Substation	Viyyoor	India
country	Valchedram Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Вълчедръм) is a frontier municipality (obshtina) in Montana Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located along the right bank of Danube river in the Danubian Plain.	Valchedram Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Kovalevsky forest (Russian: Ковалевский лес) is a forest near St Petersburg, Russia, where thousands of Soviet citizens were massacred and buried in the first half of the twentieth century as part of the Red Terror.	Kovalevsky forest	Russia
country	El Mazuco (or El Mazucu) is a village in the parroquia of Caldueñu in the municipality of Llanes, in Asturias, northern Spain.	El Mazuco	Spain
country	Ostróda (ɔsˈtruda) (German: Osterode in Ostpreußen ) is a town in Ostróda County in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland, with 33,191 inhabitants as of December 31, 2009.	Ostróda	Poland
country	Berezne (Ukrainian: Березне, Russian: Берёзно, Polish: Bereźne) is a city in Rivne Oblast, Ukraine, located on the Sluch River north of Rivne.	Berezne	Ukraine
country	International University Audentes (IUA; Estonian: Rahvusvaheline Ülikool Audentes) was Estonia's largest private university, situated in the country's capital city Tallinn.	International University Audentes	Estonia
country	Al-Shir (Arabic: الشير‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located south of Latakia.	Al-Shir	Syria
country	Tall Eshgafti (Persian: تل اشگفتي‎, also Romanized as Tall Eshgaftī; also known as Tall Eshkaftan) is a village in Falard Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Tall Eshgafti	Iran
country	Batsümber (Mongolian: Батсүмбэр) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia.	Batsümber	Mongolia
country	Diwaniya District is a district in Al-Qadisiyyah Governorate, southern Iraq.	Diwaniya District	Iraq
country	The RSC Cronenberg is a Roller Hockey team from Wuppertal, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	RSC Cronenberg	Germany
country	The Aiguille Blanche de Peuterey (4,112 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif in Italy.	Aiguille Blanche de Peuterey	Italy
country	Navidad Lake is a lake in the Beni Department, Bolivia at an elevation of 160 m, with surface area 22.5 km².	Navidad Lake	Bolivia
country	Mowtowr-e Abdal (Persian: موتور عبدل‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAbdal; also known as Jamʿeh Bāmrī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Abdal	Iran
country	Jalan Tengku Omar, or Jalan Kompleks Sukan, Federal Route 216 (formerly Terengganu state route T216), is a federal road in Kuala Nerus, Terengganu, Malaysia.	Jalan Tengku Omar	Malaysia
country	Spodnja Draga (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja ˈdɾaːɡa)) is a village west of Ivančna Gorica in the historical region of Lower Carniola in Slovenia.	Spodnja Draga	Slovenia
country	Rathnew (Irish: Ráth Naoi, meaning ``The Ring Fort of Naoi'') is a village in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Rathnew	Ireland
country	Albepierre-Bredons is a French commune in the département of Cantal and Auvergne region of south-central France.	Albepierre-Bredons	France
country	Zagol Academy is a private educational institution concentrating in both English and Amharic, located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, offering Lower Kindergarten through primary school.	Zagol Academy	Ethiopia
country	La Maddalena (Gallurese: La Madalena, Sardinian: Sa Madalena) is a town and comune located on the island with the same name, in northern Sardinia, part of the province of Olbia-Tempio, Italy.	La Maddalena	Italy
country	Nishtar Hall is a cultural centre and music venue in Peshawar, Pakistan.	Nishtar Hall	Pakistan
country	Allatini Mills is the name of a large industrial area in the city of Thessaloniki, Greece near Kalamaria district.	Allatini Mills	Greece
country	The Amerrisque Mountains (Spanish: Serranías de Amerrisque, Cordillera de Amerrisque) are the central spine of Nicaragua and part of the Central American Range which extends throughout central Nicaragua for about 700 km (436 mi) from Honduras in the NW to Costa Rica in the SW, just a few miles from the Caribbean.	Amerrisque Mountains	Nicaragua
country	It is politically significant, however, because Duivelsberg is the only part of the Netherlands that was annexed from Germany and retained after World War II.	Duivelsberg	Netherlands
country	Ożenna (ɔˈʐɛnːa) (Ukrainian: Ожинна, Ozhynna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Ożenna	Poland
country	Seyyedabad-e Jamian (Persian: سيد آباد جميان‎, also Romanized as Seyyedābād-e Jamīān; also known as Seyyedābād) is a village in Torjan Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Seyyedabad-e Jamian	Iran
country	Usogorsk (Russian: Усого́рск; Komi: Усогорск) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Udorsky District of the Komi Republic, Russia, located at the confluence of the Us and Mezen Rivers.	Usogorsk	Russia
country	Wyrza (ˈvɨʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wyrza	Poland
country	Gmina Grzmiąca is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gmina Grzmiąca	Poland
country	Nabaa Al Safa (Arabic: نبع الصفا) is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon.	Nabaa Al Safa	Lebanon
country	The Masurian Lake District or Masurian Lakeland (Polish: Pojezierze Mazurskie; German: Masurische Seenplatte) is a lake district in northeastern Poland within the geographical region of Masuria.	Masurian Lake District	Poland
country	The Valle del Guadalhorce is a comarca in the province of Málaga, Andalusia, southern Spain.	Valle del Guadalhorce	Spain
country	Kvernes is a village (and former municipality) in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Kvernes	Norway
country	Ghotki (Urdu: گھوٹکی‎), (Sindhi: گهوٽڪِي‎) is the capital of Ghotki District in northern Sindh, Pakistan.	Ghotki	Pakistan
country	Giraglia is a French island at the northern tip of Corsica in the Mediterranean Sea, known for its powerful lighthouse and for the Torra di Giraglia, a Genoese tower, both of which are official historical monuments of France.	Giraglia	France
country	Chah Bid-e Bozorg (Persian: چاه بيدبزرگ‎, also Romanized as Chāh Bīd-e Bozorg; also known as Chāh Bīd) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Bid-e Bozorg	Iran
country	Plač (pronounced (ˈplaːtʃ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kungota in the western part of the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in northeastern Slovenia.	Plač	Slovenia
country	Torfeno Branishte (Bulgarian: Торфено бранище / ``Turf Reserve'') is a nature reserve on Vitosha Mountain in Bulgaria, along with the Bistrishko Branishte reserve.	Torfeno Branishte	Bulgaria
country	Okljuka (pronounced (ɔˈkljuːka)) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Lahinja River, south of Gradac in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Okljuka	Slovenia
country	Lake Carpa is a lake in Peru, located northeast of Arahuay in Huanza District, Huarochiri Province, Lima Region.	Lake Carpa	Peru
country	Museo de Formas Espacios y Sonidos was a museum in San José, Costa Rica, located in the former Atlantic railway station at Calle 21/23.	Museo de Formas Espacios y Sonidos	Costa Rica
country	Veliko Lipje (pronounced (ˈʋeːlikɔ ˈliːpjɛ); German: Großliplach) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Veliko Lipje	Slovenia
country	Igabi is a Local Government Area (LGA) of Kaduna State, Nigeria.	Igabi	Nigeria
country	Officer Creek is an ephemeral watercourse which runs from the Musgrave Ranges in the north-west of South Australia through the Aboriginal community of Kaltjiti in the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands.	Officer Creek	Australia
country	Krasnodar International Airport is the largest airport in southern Russia by capacity and is 7th largest international airport in Russia.	Krasnodar International Airport	Russia
country	Sayn-Wittgenstein-Vallendar was a County of the Holy Roman Empire in Germany.	Sayn-Wittgenstein-Vallendar	Germany
country	Hill Road (officially renamed as Ramdas Nayak Road) is an arterial road in Bandra (West), Mumbai, India.	Hill Road	India
country	Bayero University Kano (BUK) is a university situated in Kano, Kano State, Nigeria.	Bayero University Kano	Nigeria
country	Yalova Atatürk Mansion (Turkish: Yalova Atatürk Köşkü) is a mansion built for and used by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk during his visits to the thermal facilities in Yalova at Marmara Region, Turkey.	Yalova Atatürk Mansion	Turkey
country	Arévalo is a municipality in Spain, it is situated in the province of Ávila and is part of the autonomous community of Castile and León.	Arévalo	Spain
country	The Mesaoria (Greek: Μεσαορία) is a broad, sweeping plain which makes up the north centre of the island of Cyprus.	Mesaoria	Cyprus
country	O Chum 2 Hydropower Dam is located on O Chum River, in Banlung, Ratanakiri Province, Cambodia with an installed capacity 1 megawatt (1,300 hp), 51 gigawatt-hours (180 TJ) annually.	O Chum 2 Hydropower Dam	Cambodia
country	Talmei Eliyahu (Hebrew: תַּלְמֵי אֵלִיָּהוּ, lit. Eliyahu Furrows) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Talmei Eliyahu	Israel
country	All Saints, King City is a parish of the Anglican Church of Canada in the Diocese of Toronto, Ecclesiastical Province of Ontario.	All Saints, King City	Canada
country	The Shire of Tambellup was a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, about 40 kilometres (25 mi) south of Katanning and about 330 kilometres (205 mi) south-southeast of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Tambellup	Australia
country	Jomfruens Egede is a manor house located three kilometres north-west of Faxe, a small town some 40 km south of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Jomfruens Egede	Denmark
country	The Federal University of Amazonas (Portuguese: Universidade Federal do Amazonas, UFAM) is a public university located in Manaus, state of Amazonas, Brazil.	Federal University of Amazonas	Brazil
country	General Kantardzhievo is a village in Aksakovo Municipality, in Varna Province, Bulgaria.	General Kantardzhievo	Bulgaria
country	Siam Paragon (Thai: สยามพารากอน) is a shopping mall in Bangkok, Thailand.	Siam Paragon	Thailand
country	Stadion Zürich is a planned stadium in Zurich, Switzerland.	Stadion Zürich	Switzerland
country	Bayt al-Shaykh Yunis (Arabic: بيت الشيخ يونس‎, also spelled Beit al-Sheikh Yunes) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate.	Bayt al-Shaykh Yunis	Syria
country	Kyadigera is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	Kyadigera	India
country	Quilon Aerodrome or Kollam Airport was an aerodrome in the city of Kollam in the former state of Travancore, now in Kerala, India.	Quilon Aerodrome	India
country	Rshtunik (Armenian: Ռշտունիք) was a region of the old Armenia, in Vaspurakan, East of Antzevasiq.	Rshtunik	Armenia
country	Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base (German: ``Fliegerhorst Fürstenfeldbruck''; now ``Flugplatz Fürstenfeldbruck'') is a German Air Force airfield near the town of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria, near Munich, Germany.	Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base	Germany
country	Stopići (Cyrillic: Стопићи) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stopići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kraljevo Polje (Cyrillic: Краљево Поље) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kraljevo Polje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Babolsar (Persian: بابلسر‎, also Romanized as Bābolsar and Bābul Sar; also known as Mashhadsar (Persian: مَشهَدسَر), also Romanized as Mashhad-i-Sar and Meshed-i-Sar) is a city in and the capital of Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Babolsar	Iran
country	Noertrange (Luxembourgish: Näertreg, German: Noertringen) is a small town in the commune of Winseler, in north-western Luxembourg.	Noertrange	Luxembourg
country	Alfercam Museum ((Spanish): Museo Alfercam) was a music and automobile museum in Avilés, Asturias, Spain.	Alfercam Museum	Spain
country	Pankrác Prison, officially Prague Pankrác Remand Prison (Vazební věznice Praha Pankrác in Czech), is a prison in Prague, Czech Republic.	Pankrác Prison	Czech Republic
country	Akovos (Greek: Άκοβος) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Falaisia, southwestern Arcadia, Greece.	Akovos	Greece
country	Kraljevečki Novaki is a former village that has been recorded as part of Sesvete, Croatia since 1991.	Kraljevečki Novaki	Croatia
country	Allinge-Sandvig is a small town on the northern coast of the Baltic island of Bornholm, Denmark.	Allinge-Sandvig	Denmark
country	Mazraeh-ye Shahbazi (Persian: مزرعه شهبازي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Shahbāzī) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 6 families.	Mazraeh-ye Shahbazi	Iran
country	The Jelling stone ship is a stone ship, the longest known to have existed, remains of which lie under the two royal barrows at Jelling, Denmark.	Jelling stone ship	Denmark
country	Moskenes Church (Norwegian: Moskenes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Moskenes in Nordland county, Norway.	Moskenes Church	Norway
country	Bökény is an outskirt belonging to the settlement Magyarcsanád in Hungary.	Bökény	Hungary
country	Greenlawns School Worli is a co-educational private school located in the Worli area of South Mumbai, India.	Greenlawns School Worli	India
country	Dol pod Gojko (pronounced (ˈdoːl pɔd ˈɡoːi̯kɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Dol pod Gojko	Slovenia
country	Mowtowr-e Panzdah Khordad (Persian: موتور15خرداد‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Pānzdah Khordād) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Panzdah Khordad	Iran
country	Srednji Potok (pronounced (ˈsɾeːdnji ˈpɔːtɔk); German: Mitterpotok) is a small settlement in the valley of Potok Creek, a minor tributary of the Kolpa River, in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Srednji Potok	Slovenia
country	Ivohibe is a hilly town in Ihorombe Region in central Madagascar.	Ivohibe	Madagascar
country	Lågskär (Swedish for ``low skerry'') is a small island within the Åland Islands archipelago of Finland.	Lågskär	Finland
country	Casa do Penedo, also known as Stone Castle or a Stone House, is an architectural monument located between Celorico de Basto and Fafe, in northern Portugal.	Casa do Penedo	Portugal
country	Plumaudan (Breton: Pluvaodan, Gallo: Ploemaudan) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plumaudan	France
country	The Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby (VGLRL) is the peak lobby group in Victoria, Australia for the attainment of equality, human rights and social justice for the entire Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender and Intersex (GLBTI) community.	Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby	Australia
country	Lake Pape (Latvian: Papes ezers) is a lake in Latvia about 15 km south of Liepaja.	Lake Pape	Latvia
country	The town of Schwyz (German pronunciation: (ʃviːt͡s); Italian: Svitto) is the capital of the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.	Schwyz	Switzerland
country	Malý Lipník (Ukrainian: Малий Липник, Malyi Lypnyk) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Malý Lipník	Slovakia
country	Gręziniec (also Grzęziniec) is a 5.5-km river of northwestern Poland, with its headwaters in the Ueckermünde Heath.	Gręziniec	Poland
country	Santo Stefano al Ponte is a Romanesque-style, Roman Catholic church, located in the Piazza of the same name, just off the Via Por Santa Maria, near the Ponte Vecchio, in Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Santo Stefano al Ponte	Italy
country	The City of Sydney is the local government area covering the Sydney central business district and surrounding inner city suburbs of the greater metropolitan area of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	City of Sydney	Australia
country	Yale-NUS College is a liberal arts college in Singapore.	Yale-NUS College	Singapore
country	Tom Bahar (Persian: تم بهار‎, also Romanized as Tom Bahār; also known as Ton Bahār) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tom Bahar	Iran
country	Dam Sefidar (Persian: دم سفيدار‎, also Romanized as Dam Sefīdār; also known as Dam Sepīdār) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dam Sefidar	Iran
country	Åkra Church (Norwegian: Åkra kyrkje) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Åkra Church	Norway
country	The Monte Nerone is a mountain in the Umbrian Apennines, in the province of Pesaro e Urbino, Marche, central Italy.	Monte Nerone	Italy
country	The Cuyabeno Wildlife Reserve (Spanish: Reserva de Producción Faunística Cuyabeno) is the second largest reserve of the 45 national parks and protected areas in Ecuador.	Cuyabeno Wildlife Reserve	Ecuador
country	Maumaupaki is a mountain in New Zealand 819 m (2687 ft.) above sea level in the North Island.	Maumaupaki	New Zealand
country	Ottosdal is a small town situated at an altitude of 1,479 meters (4,855 feet) on the branch railway line from Makwassie in the central North West Province of South Africa.	Ottosdal	South Africa
country	Tenane, also Tenan, is a village on the north coast of Maré Island, in the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia.	Tenane	New Caledonia
country	Knutstad Chapel (Norwegian: Knutstad kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Knutstad Chapel	Norway
country	Sippersfeld is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Sippersfeld	Germany
country	The Brancacci Chapel (in Italian, ``Cappella dei Brancacci'') is a chapel in the Church of Santa Maria del Carmine in Florence, central Italy.	Brancacci Chapel	Italy
country	Wadala Cheema is a village located in the Gujranwala district in the province of Punjab, Pakistan.	Wadala Cheema	Pakistan
country	Sulgan (Persian: سولگان‎, also Romanized as Sūlgān; also known as Selagūn and Sūlījān) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District, Gandoman District, Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Sulgan	Iran
country	Repperndorf is a village in the rural district of Kitzingen, Regierungsbezirk Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.	Repperndorf	Germany
country	The Sierra Nevada Ski Station is a ski resort in the Sierra Nevada in the province of Granada in southeastern Spain.	Sierra Nevada Ski Station	Spain
country	Gare de Saumur is a railway station serving the town Saumur, Maine-et-Loire department, western France.	Gare de Saumur	France
country	Aue-Schwarzenberg is a former district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Aue-Schwarzenberg	Germany
country	Pekajik (Persian: پكاجيك‎, also Romanized as Pekājīk; also known as Payahjīk) is a village in Zulachay Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pekajik	Iran
country	Ankara Atatürk Anadolu Lisesi (Ankara Atatürk Anatolian High School), established in 1971, is one of the oldest Anatolian High Schools of Ankara and Turkey.	Ankara Atatürk Anadolu Lisesi	Turkey
country	Moudros (Greek: Μούδρος) is a town and a former municipality on the island of Lemnos, North Aegean, Greece.	Moudros	Greece
country	Lealui or Lialui is the dry season residence on the Barotse Floodplain of the Litunga, king Troverman of the Lozi people of western Zambia, located about 14 km west of the town of Mongu and about 10 km east of the river's main channel.	Lealui	Zambia
country	Martonvásár is the 11th largest town in Fejér county, Hungary.	Martonvásár	Hungary
country	Upper Beckett Falls is a 10 metre high ribbon cascade waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Upper Beckett Falls	Canada
country	Ar Ru'ays (Arabic: اَلرُّؤَيْس‎), also spelled Al Ruwais, is a port town in the municipality of Madinat ash Shamal in Qatar.	Ar Ru'ays	Qatar
country	The 2014 World Ports Classic was the third edition of the two-day World Ports Classic cycle race between the port cities of Rotterdam in the Netherlands and Antwerp in Belgium.	2014 World Ports Classic	Netherlands	Belgium
country	Saintard is a town in the Arcahaie municipality of the Arcahaie, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.	Saintard	Haiti
country	Maloelap Airport is a public use airport located on Taroa Island in Maloelap Atoll, Marshall Islands.	Maloelap Airport	Marshall Islands
country	Three Hills Airport, (TC LID: CEN3), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) east southeast of Three Hills, Alberta, Canada.	Three Hills Airport	Canada
country	Ikukunitama Shrine (生國魂神社, Ikukunitama jinja) is a Shinto shrine located in Tennōji-ku, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.	Ikukunitama Shrine	Japan
country	Bērzaine parish (Latvian: Bērzaines pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Kocēni Municipality, Latvia.	Bērzaine parish	Latvia
country	The Acts of Union 1800 (sometimes erroneously referred to as a single Act of Union 1801) united the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Kingdom of Ireland (previously in personal union) to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland with effect from 1 January 1801.	Acts of Union 1800	Kingdom of Great Britain	Kingdom of Ireland	United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
country	Pärnu Airport (Estonian: Pärnu lennujaam, IATA: EPU, ICAO: EEPU) is an airport in Estonia.	Pärnu Airport	Estonia
country	Nowe Miasto nad Wartą (ˈnɔvɛ ˈmjastɔ ˌnad ˈvartɔ̃) is a village in Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowe Miasto nad Wartą	Poland
country	Voreino (Greek: Βορεινό) is a village and a community in the Pella regional unit, northern Greece.	Voreino	Greece
country	Ytteren Church (Norwegian: Ytteren kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Ytteren Church	Norway
country	Sahasralinga (Kannada: ಸಹಸ್ರಲಿಂಗ) is a pilgrimage place, located around 17 km from the Sirsi Taluk in the district of Uttara Kannada of Karnataka state in India.	Sahasralinga	India
country	The Tekapo River flows occasionally through the Mackenzie Basin, Canterbury, in New Zealand's South Island, although the riverbed is now often dry in the upper reaches.	Tekapo River	New Zealand
country	Skålvær Church (Norwegian: Skålvær kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Alstahaug in Nordland county, Norway.	Skålvær Church	Norway
country	Sankt Paulsgatan (St. Paul Street) is a street of Södermalm, Stockholm, Sweden.	Sankt Paulsgatan	Sweden
country	TIFF Bell Lightbox is a cultural centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located on the north west corner of the intersection of King Street and John Street.	TIFF Bell Lightbox	Canada
country	Moestroff (Luxembourgish: Méischtref) is a small town in the commune of Bettendorf, in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Moestroff	Luxembourg
country	The Antigua People's Party was a minor political party in Antigua and Barbuda.	Antigua People's Party	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Gen Re's Property and Casualty reinsurance in North America is written through General Reinsurance Corporation and internationally through Germany-based General Reinsurance AG and other wholly owned affiliates.	Gen Re	Germany
country	Alchevsk (Ukrainian: Алчевськ, translit. Alchevs'k; Russian: Алчевск) is a city of oblast significance of Luhansk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine.	Alchevsk	Ukraine
country	Nahlin Mountain is a mountain on the north side of the Nahlin River in far northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Nahlin Mountain	Canada
country	Willowvale is the name of an industrial suburb in the South West of Harare, Zimbabwe.	Willowvale	Zimbabwe
country	The Kpong Dam, also known as the Akuse Dam, is a hydroelectric power generating dam on the lower Volta River near Akuse in Ghana.	Kpong Dam	Ghana
country	Grangegorman (Irish: Gráinseach Ghormáin) is a suburb on the northside of Dublin city, Ireland.	Grangegorman	Ireland
country	The Medici Archive Project (MAP) is an initiative which is building an electronic database of material related to the Medici Granducal Archival Collection in Florence, Italy.	Medici Archive Project	Italy
country	Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) is a public university funded by the Government of India.	Aligarh Muslim University	India
country	Pfalzen (Italian: Falzes; Ladin: Falzes) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Bolzano.	Pfalzen	Italy
country	Quetrupillán Volcano is a stratovolcano located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile.	Quetrupillán	Chile
country	Arganza (Spanish pronunciation: (arˈɣanθa)) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain) .	Arganza	Spain
country	The First Lord of the Treasury is the head of the commission exercising the ancient office of Lord High Treasurer in the United Kingdom, and is now always also the Prime Minister.	First Lord of the Treasury	United Kingdom
country	Fredelsloh is a village in Lower Saxony in Germany close to the town of Northeim.	Fredelsloh	Germany
country	Jumbilla is a town in Northern Peru, capital of the province Bongará in the region Amazonas, located at an altitude of 1935m.	Jumbilla	Peru
country	Noé-les-Mallets, previously Noë-les-Mallets, is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.	Noé-les-Mallets	France
country	The Gardon or Gard (Occitan and French: Gardon, Gard) is a river in southern France.	Gardon	France
country	Cấm Sơn Lake (Vietnamese: Hồ Cấm Sơn) is a lake in Lục Ngạn District, Bắc Giang Province, Vietnam, near the border with Lạng Sơn Province.	Cấm Sơn Lake	Vietnam
country	Royal Air Force Station Gütersloh, more commonly known as RAF Gütersloh, was a Royal Air Force Germany military airfield, the nearest Royal Air Force airfield to the East/West German border, in the vicinity of the town of Gütersloh.	RAF Gütersloh	Germany
country	Acadiensis is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of Atlantic Canada.	Acadiensis	Canada
country	New Farm Park ferry wharf is a ferry wharf at New Farm Park in the suburb of New Farm in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	New Farm Park ferry wharf	Australia
country	Salas de los Infantes is a municipality and city located in Burgos Province between Logroño, Soria and Burgos in Spain.	Salas de los Infantes	Spain
country	Ornbau is a walled city in the district of Ansbach, in Bavaria, Germany.	Ornbau	Germany
country	KrasAvia is a scheduled and charter passenger airline based in Krasnoyarsk, Russia.	KrasAvia	Russia
country	Saint-Martial-sur-Isop (Occitan: Sent Marçau) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Saint-Martial-sur-Isop	France
country	Darat Izza (Arabic: دارة عزة‎, also spelled Darat Aza or Darit Izza) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located 30 kilometres (19 miles) northwest of Aleppo.	Darat Izza	Syria
country	Ashcroft Manor Ranch, known also as Ashcroft Ranch, is an historic ranch in the Thompson Country of British Columbia, Canada, founded by Clement Francis Cornwall (later Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia) and his brother, Henry Cornwall.	Ashcroft Manor Ranch	Canada
country	Qashqabad (Persian: قشق اباد‎, also Romanized as Qashqābād; also known as ``Eshqābād) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 350, in 80 families.	Qashqabad	Iran
country	Salonga National Park is a national park in the Democratic Republic of the Congo located in the Congo River basin.	Salonga National Park	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Kiambiu (sometimes spelled as Kiambio) is a slum in Nairobi, Kenya with 40-50,000 residents.	Kiambiu	Kenya
country	Melchsee-Frutt is a mountain resort village in Switzerland.	Melchsee-Frutt	Switzerland
country	Davangere railway station is a railway station in Davangere, state of Karnataka, India.	Davangere railway station	India
country	Listasavn Føroya (Faroe Islands Art Museum) is an art museum in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands for mostly permanent exhibits of Faroese arts.	Listasavn Føroya	Faroe Islands
country	The Ōpaoa River, formerly called the Opawa River, is in the Marlborough region of the South Island of New Zealand.	Ōpaoa River	New Zealand
country	Vasilikos Power Station is the newest power plant of Electricity Authority of Cyprus.	Vasilikos Power Station	Cyprus
country	Imo State Polytechnic is a higher education institute in Umuagwo, Imo State, Nigeria.	Imo State Polytechnic	Nigeria
country	Majdan Borowski (ˈmai̯dan bɔˈrɔfski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Majdan Borowski	Poland
country	Daveh Shahri (Persian: دوه شهري‎, also Romanized as Daveh Shahrī) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Daveh Shahri	Iran
country	Escape Theme Park was an outdoor theme park located inside NTUC Downtown East, Pasir Ris in Singapore.	Escape Theme Park	Singapore
country	Techimantia is a city located in the Tano District of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana.	Techimantia	Ghana
country	Jelin-e Sofla (Persian: جلين سفلي‎, also Romanized as Jelīn-e Soflá; also known as Jelīn-e Pā’īn) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Jelin-e Sofla	Iran
country	Trawniki-Kolonia (travˈniki kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Trawniki-Kolonia	Poland
country	Chapman Aerodrome (IATA: EZ2, TC LID: CEZ2) is a registered aerodrome located on the shores of the Blackstone River in the Yukon, Canada.	Chapman Aerodrome	Canada
country	Ain Tarik (Arabic: عين طارق‎) is a municipality occupying 178 km2 located southeast of Relizane Province, Algeria.	Ain Tarik	Algeria
country	Radostów Drugi (raˈdɔstuf ˈdruɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Radostów Drugi	Poland
country	Lake Tikub (also known as Lake Ticub, Lake Ticob, Lake Tikob or Lake Ticab) is a nearly circular crater lake located in the province of Quezon, in the Philippines.	Lake Tikub	Philippines
country	Klenica (klɛˈnit͡sa) (German: Kleinitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojadła, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Klenica	Poland
country	Doetinchem (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdutɪnˌxɛm); Low Saxon: Deutekem) is a city and municipality in the east of the Netherlands.	Doetinchem	Netherlands
country	Remanso (backwater) is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.	Remanso	Brazil
country	Quintenic (Breton: Kistenid, Gallo: Qeintenit) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Quintenic	France
country	The Chatterton River is a river of north Canterbury, New Zealand.	Chatterton River	New Zealand
country	ÖVB Arena (originally Stadthalle Bremen, formerly Bremen-Arena and AWD-Dome) is the largest indoor arena in Bremen, Germany.	ÖVB Arena	Germany
country	Santa Teresa la Antigua is a former convent located in the historic center of Mexico City on Licenciado Primo de Verdad #6 just northeast of the city's main plaza.	Santa Teresa la Antigua	Mexico
country	Dagamela is a small settlement in Matabeleland North, Zimbabwe and is located about 140 km north-west of Gweru in the Nkayi District close to the Shangani River.	Dagamela	Zimbabwe
country	Laurentian Regional High School is an English secondary school in Lachute in the region of Laurentides, Quebec, Canada.	Laurentian Regional High School	Canada
country	The Christchurch Polytechnic Institute of Technology (CPIT), formerly the Christchurch Technical College, is an institute of technology in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Christchurch Polytechnic Institute of Technology	New Zealand
country	Matekane Air Strip is an airport in Lesotho, Africa with a 400 m (1,300 ft) runway that extends to the edge of a 600 m (2,000 ft) cliff.	Matekane Air Strip	Lesotho
country	Petrus Steyn is a small farming town between Tweeling and Kroonstad in the Free State province of South Africa.	Petrus Steyn	South Africa
country	Mysłowice (mɨswɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) (German Myslowitz) is a city in Silesia in southern Poland, near Katowice.	Mysłowice	Poland
country	Kolka parish (Latvian: Kolkas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Dundaga Municipality, Latvia.	Kolka parish	Latvia
country	Nisko County (Polish: powiat niżański) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, south-eastern Poland.	Nisko County	Poland
country	The Palau de la Música Catalana (Catalan pronunciation: (pəˈɫaw ðə ɫə ˈmuzikə kətəˈɫanə), English: Palace of Catalan Music) is a concert hall in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Palau de la Música Catalana	Spain
country	WT Os International Film Festival, also known as the WT-festival, is an international film festival in Os, south of Bergen, Norway, held annually in early November.	WT Os International Film Festival	Norway
country	Al Assad University Hospital in Damascus is one of the largest teaching hospitals in Syria.	Al Assad University Hospital	Syria
country	Ushiberd (Armenian: Ուշիբերդ) is an Iron Age fortress located upon a hill just outside the village of Ushi in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Ushiberd	Armenia
country	The Hesperia Tower is a hotel situated in the district of Bellvitge in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat (suburb of Barcelona), Catalonia, Spain.	Hesperia Tower	Spain
country	Santiago Christian School is a US-accredited, English-immersion PK-12 Christian school located in Santiago, Dominican Republic.	Santiago Christian School	Dominican Republic
country	Vatovavy-Fitovinany is a region located in southeast Madagascar.	Vatovavy-Fitovinany	Madagascar
country	Donji Žabar (Serbian Cyrillic: Доњи Жабар) is a village and a municipality in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donji Žabar	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Strachocice-Kolonia (straxɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Strachocice-Kolonia	Poland
country	Motorina Island is an island of Papua New Guinea, part of the Calvados Chain.	Motorina Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Corenc is a commune in the Isère département in southeastern France.	Corenc	France
country	The German Music Archive (in German: Deutsches Musikarchiv, DMA) is the central collection of printed and recorded music and the music-bibliographic information centre for Germany.	German Music Archive	Germany
country	Faulvatnet (Lule Sami: Låddejávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.	Faulvatnet	Norway
country	Agarathos Monastery (Greek: Μονή Αγκαράθου) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery situated near the village of Sgourokefali (part of Episkopi municipal unit) of the Heraklion regional unit in central Crete, Greece.	Agarathos Monastery	Greece
country	Arbu Sara (Persian: اربوسرا‎, also Romanized as Arbū Sarā) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Arbu Sara	Iran
country	Wollongong Hospital is the major tertiary referral hospital located in the Wollongong Metropolitan area, New South Wales, Australia.	Wollongong Hospital	Australia
country	Eat St. is a Canadian reality television series produced by Paperny Entertainment that airs on Food Network Canada and Cooking Channel.	Eat St.	Canada
country	Barkby has a current population of 316 according to the United Kingdom Census 2011, however throughout its history, Barkby's population has fluctuated significantly.	Barkby	United Kingdom
country	The Natural Step is a non-profit organization founded in Sweden in 1989 by scientist Karl-Henrik Robèrt.	The Natural Step	Sweden
country	Zourafa is administered by Greece.	Zourafa	Greece
country	Pool's Cove is a community located on the north west side of Fortune Bay, on the South Coast of Newfoundland, Canada.	Pool's Cove	Canada
country	Chrysanthio (Greek: Χρυσάνθιο, before 1957: Βερσοβά - Versova) is a village in the municipal unit of Aigeira, Achaea, Greece.	Chrysanthio	Greece
country	The Elineberg Housing development (Swedish: Elinebergshusen) consists of six high-rise apartment buildings located in the residential area of Elineberg in Helsingborg, south-western Sweden.	Elineberg Housing	Sweden
country	Badejan Akhureh (Persian: بادجان اخوره‎, also Romanized as Bādejān Ākhūreh; also known as Bādejān Ākhoreh and Bādjān) is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Badejan Akhureh	Iran
country	Udupi Sri Krishna Matha (Kannada:ಉಡುಪಿ ಶ್ರೀ ಕೃಷ್ಣ ಮಠ) is a famous Hindu temple dedicated to god Krishna located in the town of Udupi in Karnataka, India.	Udupi Sri Krishna Matha	India
country	Toémiga is a village in the Kombissiri Department of Bazèga Province in central Burkina Faso, West Africa.	Toémiga	Burkina Faso
country	The Amiskwi River is a stream of about 27 kilometres (17 mi) in length in British Columbia, Canada.	Amiskwi River	Canada
country	Radwaniyah Palace (also known as Al Radwaniyah Presidential Complex) is a palace in Baghdad, Iraq, which functioned as a presidential resort for the late Iraqi Dictator Saddam Hussein until it was taken over by coalition forces during the 2003 invasion of Iraq.	Radwaniyah Palace	Iraq
country	Chenôve (/ʃəno:v/) is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Burgundy region of France.	Chenôve	France
country	Tugbong is a barrio situated in the municipality of Kananga, Leyte, Philippines.	Tugbong	Philippines
country	The Hsieh-ho Power Plant (Chinese: 協和發電廠; pinyin: Xiéhé Fādiànchǎng) is an oil-fired power plant in Zhongshan District, Keelung, Taiwan.	Hsieh-ho Power Plant	Taiwan
country	Van Stadensrus is a settlement in Naledi Municipality, falling under Xhariep District Municipality in the Free State province of South Africa.	Van Stadensrus	South Africa
country	Avnevi (Georgian: ავნევი; Ossetian: Аунеу, Awnew) is a small village in South Ossetia, a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed.	Avnevi	Georgia
country	The Castro of Monte Valinhas, alternately the Castro of São João de Valinhas, is an archaeological site in Portugal, in the civil parish of Santa Eulália, in the municipality of Arouca, notable for the discovery of important traces of human remains from the last 2000 years.	Castro of Monte Valinhas	Portugal
country	Gleink Abbey (Stift or Kloster Gleink) was a Benedictine monastery located in the town of Steyr in Austria.	Gleink Abbey	Austria
country	Ješevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Јешевац) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Gornji Milanovac.	Ješevac	Serbia
country	Faggala (Arabic: الفجّالة‎) is a district of Cairo, Egypt near Ramesis Square.	Faggala	Egypt
country	Batanta is one of the four major islands in the Raja Ampat Islands in West Papua province, Indonesia.	Batanta	Indonesia
country	Tenea (Greek: Τενέα) is an ancient city and a former municipality in Corinthia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Tenea	Greece
country	Rogoziniec (rɔɡɔˈʑiɲet͡s) (German: Rogsen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszynek, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Rogoziniec	Poland
country	Gornja Stubica (Croatian pronunciation: (gôːrɲaː stûbit͡sa)) is a town in Krapina-Zagorje County, Croatia.	Gornja Stubica	Croatia
country	The Cotswold Water Park is the United Kingdom's largest marl lake system.	Cotswold Water Park	United Kingdom
country	Cheranalloor Shiva temple is a famous temple located at Cheranalloor, Ernakulam,Kerala, India.	Cheranalloor Shiva temple	India
country	Piraera is one of the municipalities of Lempira department in Honduras.	Piraera	Honduras
country	Zgliczyn Witowy (ˈzɡlit͡ʂɨn viˈtɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zgliczyn Witowy	Poland
country	The Oreti River is one of the main rivers of Southland, New Zealand, and is 170 kilometres (110 mi) long.	Oreti River	New Zealand
country	Danderesso is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Danderesso	Mali
country	Schloss Gaibach (full title: Gräflich Schönborn’sches Schloss Gaibach or Comital Schönborn Castle at Gaibach) is a castle in Gaibach, a district of the town of Volkach in Germany.	Schloss Gaibach	Germany
country	One of the relocatees at Shalalth was Dr. Masajiro Miyazaki, a US-trained osteopath who stayed on after the war and became one of Lillooet's two Companions of the Order of Canada.	Shalalth	Canada
country	The Kirkland and District Hospital is a public hospital which was established in 1976 to serve Kirkland Lake, Ontario, Canada and area.	Kirkland and District Hospital	Canada
country	Zoétgomdé, Boulkiemdé is a village in the Soaw Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso.	Zoétgomdé, Boulkiemdé	Burkina Faso
country	Xocadoy is a village in the municipality of Aşağı Amburdərə in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xocadoy	Azerbaijan
country	Chah Kar (Persian: چهكار‎, also Romanized as Chah Kār; also known as Chāh-e Gār and Chāh Gār) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah Kar	Iran
country	Villa Sarabhai or Villa de Madame Manorama Sarabhai is a modernist villa located in Ahmedabad, India.	Villa Sarabhai	India
country	Heffley Creek is a neighbourhood along the Yellowhead Highway in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.	Heffley Creek	Canada
country	Tanjung Balau is a beach town in Kota Tinggi District, Johor, Malaysia.	Tanjung Balau	Malaysia
country	Siavonga is a town in the Southern Province of Zambia, lying on the north shore of Lake Kariba.	Siavonga	Zambia
country	The Venkataramana Temple, Karkala, also known as Padutirupathi, is a temple in Karnataka, India.	Padutirupathi	India
country	Since 2001 Kevin Bailey has co-organised and judged at the annual Poetry on the Lake festival held at Orta San Giulio in Italy, the antique island on Lake Orta, northern Italy.	Poetry on the Lake	Italy
country	St Saviour's Chapel is an Anglican church in Christchurch, New Zealand.	St Saviour's Chapel	New Zealand
country	Theatre Passe Muraille is a theatre company in Toronto, Canada.	Theatre Passe Muraille	Canada	Canada
country	Mameyand (Persian: مميند‎; also known as Ma``īnad, Mamevand, and Mamīneh) is a village in Almahdi Rural District, Mohammadyar District, Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 788, in 136 families.	Mameyand	Iran
country	Tham Phu Kham is a cave to the northwest of Vang Vieng, Laos, located just to the northeast of the village of Ban Na Thong.	Tham Phu Kham	Laos
country	Millennia Institute (MI) is a pre-university institution in Singapore.	Millennia Institute	Singapore
country	Faravan (Persian: فروان‎, also Romanized as Faravān, Farvān, Farwān, and Forvān) is a village in Faravan Rural District, Kohanabad District, Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Faravan	Iran
country	La Caya is a town in the Valverde province of the Cibao region of the Dominican Republic.	La Caya	Dominican Republic
country	FC Wiltz 71 is a football club, based in Wiltz, in north-western Luxembourg.	FC Wiltz 71	Luxembourg
country	Przysiekiercze (pʂɨɕɛˈkʲɛrt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Przysiekiercze	Poland
country	Bungoma is a town in Bungoma County of Kenya, bordered by Uganda in the west.	Bungoma	Kenya
country	Pimar (Persian: پيمار‎, also Romanized as Pīmār) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Pimar	Iran
country	Bucaspor is very famous club with football academy in Turkey.	Bucaspor	Turkey
country	Mahiga is a Location in Nyeri County of Kenya's Central Province.	Mahiga	Kenya
country	Renewed Democratic Liberty (Spanish: Libertad Democrática Renovada, Spanish acronym: LIDER, alternative translations: Democratic Freedom Revival, Renewed Democratic Liberation) is a centre-right political party in Guatemala.	Renewed Democratic Liberty	Guatemala
country	The Muttereralmbahn is an aerial tramway in Mutters, Tyrol, Austria.	Muttereralmbahn	Austria
country	Estarreja (Portuguese pronunciation: ((ɨ)ʃtɐˈʁɐjʒɐ) or ((ɨ)ʃtɐˈʁɛʒɐ)) is a municipality in Portugal.	Estarreja	Portugal
country	Boí Taüll Resort (Catalan pronunciation: (buˈi təˈuʎ), locally: (boˈi taˈuʎ)) is a ski resort located in the heart of the Pyrenees, in the Vall de Boí, Catalonia (Spain), opened in 1988.	Boí Taüll Resort	Spain
country	Chong Hwa Independent High School, Kuala Lumpur (Chinese: 吉隆坡中华独立中学) is one of Malaysia's oldest high schools.	Chong Hwa Independent High School, Kuala Lumpur	Malaysia
country	Laon (French pronunciation: ​(lɑ̃)) is the capital city of the Aisne department in Picardy, northern France.	Laon	France
country	Kogalym International Airport (Russian: Международный аэропорт Когалым) (IATA: KGP, ICAO: USRK) is an airport in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia located 9 km southeast of Kogalym.	Kogalym International Airport	Russia
country	Mittelreidenbach is an Ortsgemeinde - a member of the Verbandsgemeinde (United Municipalities of) Herrstein - in the district of Birkenfeld in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate, in southwestern Germany.	Mittelreidenbach	Germany
country	The Skeppsholmen Church (Swedish: Skeppsholmskyrkan) is a church on the islet of Skeppsholmen in central Stockholm, Sweden, secularized in 2002.	Skeppsholmen Church	Sweden
country	Paiyapathar or Paia Pathar (Bengali: পৈয়াপাথর, পইয়াপাথর) is a village in Paschim Nabipur Union, Muradnagar Upazila, Comilla District, Bangladesh.	Paiyapathar	Bangladesh
country	Gable End Foreland is a prominent headland on the northeastern coast of New Zealand's North island.	Gable End Foreland	New Zealand
country	The Hemphill River is a river of the northwestern South Island of New Zealand.	Hemphill River	New Zealand
country	The Thiruvananthapuram Zoo (also known as Trivandrum Zoo) is located in the city of Thiruvananthapuram, the capital of Kerala, India.	Thiruvananthapuram Zoo	India
country	Sampang Regency is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) of East Java province, Indonesia.	Sampang Regency	Indonesia
country	Świerże-Kończany (ˈɕfjɛrʐɛ kɔɲˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Świerże-Kończany	Poland
country	Tsrviz Chapel (Armenian: Ծռվիզի Մատուռ) or Moro-Dzoro (Armenian: Մորո-Ձորո), is a medieval Armenian chapel located near the village of Lusahovit in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Tsrviz Chapel	Armenia
country	Khvalynsk (Russian: Хвалынск; IPA: (xvɐˈlɨnsk)) is a river port town in Saratov Oblast, Russia, located by the Volga River.	Khvalynsk	Russia
country	The Sumulong Highway, constructed in 1960, is the highway in the Philippines that connects Marikina with Antipolo and the municipalities of Teresa and Morong in the province of Rizal.	Sumulong Highway	Philippines
country	The Villa di Pratolino was a Renaissance patrician villa in Vaglia, Tuscany, Italy.	Villa di Pratolino	Italy
country	Hajdúdorog (Hungarian pronunciation: (hɒjduːdoroɡ)) is a town in Hajdú-Bihar county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	Hajdúdorog	Hungary
country	The Jokioinen Railway (JR, Jokioisten rautatie, Jokioisten-Forssan rautatie) located in Jokioinen, Finland, was opened for temporary traffic on December 9, 1898.	Jokioinen Railway	Finland
country	Tobias Hainyeko constituency is a constituency in Katutura, Windhoek, Khomas Region, Namibia.	Tobias Hainyeko constituency	Namibia
country	At 405.0 metres above sea level (NN), the Bröhn is: the highest hill in the Deister, the highest hill on the extreme northern rim of the German Central Uplands, because all hills in Germany with a higher latitude are lower than the Bröhn.	Bröhn	Germany
country	Qazi Akhavi (Persian: قاضي اخوي‎, also Romanized as Qāẕī Akhavī) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qazi Akhavi	Iran
country	Hudi Vrh (pronounced (ˈxuːdi ˈʋərx)) is a small village on a slight elevation south of Fara in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Hudi Vrh	Slovenia
country	Khalifeh Chay (Persian: خليفه چاي‎, also Romanized as Khalīfeh Chāy) is a village in Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District, Firuz District, Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khalifeh Chay	Iran
country	Mostová (Hungarian: Hidaskürt) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Mostová	Slovakia
country	The University of the Visayas (UV) is an educational institution located at Cebu City, Philippines.	University of the Visayas	Philippines
country	Tell Dahab (Arabic: تل ذهب‎, also spelled Tal Dhahab) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located northwest of Homs.	Tell Dahab	Syria
country	Shopokov (Kyrgyz: Шопоков; Russian: Шопоков) is a town in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Shopokov	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Wildlife Trust of South and West Wales (WTSWW) is a Wildlife Trust in south and west Wales, one of 47 such Trusts in the United Kingdom.	Wildlife Trust of South and West Wales	United Kingdom
country	Godovič (pronounced (ɡɔdɔˈʋiːtʃ) or (ɡɔdɔˈʋitʃ)) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Godovič	Slovenia
country	The Ludwig Canal (German: Ludwig-Donau-Main-Kanal or Ludwigskanal), is an abandoned canal in southern Germany.	Ludwig Canal	Germany
country	Skräddargränd (Swedish: ``Tailor's Alley'') is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Skräddargränd	Sweden
country	Žemaitkiemis (Polish: Żmujdki) is a town in Ukmergė district, Lithuania.	Žemaitkiemis	Lithuania
country	Pedlar Island is a small island located in the western part of Lake Nipissing in western Ontario, Canada.	Pedlar Island	Canada
country	Camarma de Esteruelas (Spanish pronunciation: (kaˈmaɾma ðe esteˈɾwelas)) is a Spanish village and municipality in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain, 35 km northeast of the city of Madrid and 5 km north of Alcalá de Henares.	Camarma de Esteruelas	Spain
country	Butiama is a town in northern Tanzania and the birthplace of Julius Nyerere, the first president of Tanzania.	Butiama	Tanzania
country	The Port of Nacala is in Nacala in northern Mozambique.	Port of Nacala	Mozambique
country	Gressåmoen National Park (Norwegian: Gressåmoen nasjonalpark) is a former national park which lay in Snåsa municipality, Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Gressåmoen National Park	Norway
country	Khaledabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان خالدآباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Emamzadeh District, Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Khaledabad Rural District	Iran
country	Fuerte de Punta Carnero was a fort near Algeciras in Spain.	Fuerte de Punta Carnero	Spain
country	The Mangatoro River or Mangatoro Stream is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand.	Mangatoro River	New Zealand
country	Shahin Qaleh (Persian: شاهين قلعه‎, also Romanized as Shāhīn Qal``eh; also known as Emām Qal``eh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 239, in 61 families.	Shahin Qaleh	Iran
country	Holy Rosary Minor Seminary (also named Seminario del Santissimo Rosario) is a Roman Catholic seminary or a house of formation for high school and college would-be priests run by the Archdiocese of Caceres in Naga City, Philippines.	Holy Rosary Minor Seminary	Philippines
country	Praprotna Polica (pronounced (ˈpɾaːpɾɔtna pɔˈliːtsa); German: Oberfeld) is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Praprotna Polica	Slovenia
country	Otovec (pronounced (ˈoːtɔʋəts); German: Otawitz) is a settlement northwest of the town of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Otovec	Slovenia
country	Carntemple, once known as Kilbrecan, is a ruined church in the civil parish of Doora, County Clare, Ireland.	Carntemple	Ireland
country	Luleh (Persian: لوله‎, also Romanized as Lūleh; also known as Kūh Lūleh) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Luleh	Iran
country	National Taipei University of Education (NTUE; Chinese: 國立臺北教育大學) is a university located in Da'an District, Taipei, Taiwan that predominantly focuses on teacher training.	National Taipei University of Education	Taiwan
country	Kingaroy Airport or Sir Joh Bjelke Petersen Airport (IATA: KGY, ICAO: YKRY) is an airport located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) south of Kingaroy, Queensland, Australia.	Kingaroy Airport	Australia
country	Abul-Samsari Range (Georgian: აბულ-სამსარის ქედი) is a volcanic range in southern Georgia, 120 km (75 mi) to the southwest of Tbilisi.	Abul-Samsari Range	Georgia
country	St. Gallen (Wahlkreis) is a constituency in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.	St. Gallen (Wahlkreis)	Switzerland
country	Briksdalsbreen is located in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Briksdalsbreen	Norway
country	The Phachi River (Thai: แม่น้ำภาชี, RTGS: Maenam Phachi, Thai pronunciation: (mɛ̂ːnáːm pʰaː.tɕʰiː)) is a river in western Thailand.	Phachi River	Thailand
country	The Château de Morlanne is a restored castle in the commune of Morlanne in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département of France.	Château de Morlanne	France
country	Raoued (Tunisian Arabic: رواد‎ rawād) is a town and commune in the Ariana Governorate, Tunisia.	Raoued	Tunisia
country	Qazi Jahan (Persian: قاضي جهان‎, also Romanized as Qāẕī Jahān) is a village in Qazi Jahan Rural District, Howmeh District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qazi Jahan	Iran
country	Zillebeke Churchyard Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery forms part of the village churchyard located around the Catholic parish church of Zillebeke in Belgium.	Zillebeke Churchyard Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery	Belgium
country	Vayavilan Madhya Maha Vidyalayam (Tamil: வயாவிளான் மத்திய மகா வித்தியாலயம் Vayāviḷāṉ Mattiya Makā Vittiyālayam) is a provincial school in Vayavilan near Vasavilan, Sri Lanka.	Vayavilan Madhya Maha Vidyalayam	Sri Lanka
country	Sakhli Ilman (Persian: ساخلي ايلمان‎, also Romanized as Sākhlī Ilmān) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sakhli Ilman	Iran
country	Talbingo Dam is a major ungated rock fill with clay core embankment dam with concrete chute spillway across the Tumut River upstream of Talbingo in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.	Talbingo Dam	Australia
country	Bi Namad (Persian: بي نمد‎, also Romanized as Bī Namad and Bīnamad) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District, Dehferi District, Fereydunkenar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bi Namad	Iran
country	Forti was founded by Italian businessmen Guido Forti, a former driver, and Paolo Guerci, an engineer, in the late 1970s and was based in Alessandria in northern Italy.	Forti	Italy
country	Richnava (Hungarian: Rihnó) is a village and municipality in the Gelnica District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Richnava	Slovakia
country	Centro per l'arte contemporanea Luigi Pecci (Centre for Contemporary Art Luigi Pecci) is sited at 277 Via della Repubblica, Prato near Florence, Italy.	Centro per l'arte contemporanea Luigi Pecci	Italy
country	Lydiane is a town in east central Senegal in Kaolack region.	Lydiane	Senegal
country	University College of the North (UCN) is a post-secondary institution located in Northern Manitoba, Canada.	University College of the North	Canada
country	It was formally opened on 21 August 1876, and the name was changed to Reichsbrücke in 1919 after Austria became a republic.	Reichsbrücke	Austria
country	Dandrio is a settlement in the Blenio district, Switzerland.	Dandrio	Switzerland
country	Eden Mohila College (Bengali: ইডেন মহিলা কলেজ), generally called Eden College (Bengali: ইডেন কলেজ), is a women's college in Azimpur, Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Eden Mohila College	Bangladesh
country	Okoły (ɔˈkɔwɨ) (German Tauentzinow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Okoły	Poland
country	Yangling Agricultural Hi-tech Industries Demonstration Zone is a zone located in Yangling District, Xianyang, Shaanxi, People's Republic of China.	Yangling Agricultural Hi-tech Industries Demonstration Zone	People's Republic of China
country	Suzak (Uzbek: Suzoq / Сузоқ) is a village in Jalal-Abad Region, Kyrgyzstan.	Suzak	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Palazzo Colonna is a palatial block of buildings in central Rome, Italy, at the base of the Quirinal Hill, and adjacent to the church of Santi Apostoli.	Palazzo Colonna	Italy
country	Inner-Vikna (sometimes Indre Vikna) is the largest of the three major islands in the municipality of Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Inner-Vikna	Norway
country	Tomasee (Romansh: Lai da Tuma or Lag da Toma) is a lake at the northern face of Piz Badus, above the village of Tschamut in Grisons, Switzerland.	Tomasee	Switzerland
country	The Action Division (French: Division Action), commonly known by its predecessor's title Action Service (French: Service Action) is a division of France's Directorate-General for External Security (DGSE) responsible for planning and performing clandestine and covert operations including black operations.	Action Division	France
country	Qena (Arabic: قنا‎ Qinā , Egyptian Arabic: (ˈʔenæ), locally: (ˈɡena)) is a city in Upper Egypt, and the capital of the Qena Governorate.	Qena	Egypt
country	Point Mosquitos (Spanish: Punta Mosquitos or Mosquito) is a point on the Caribbean coast of Panama in Central America.	Point Mosquitos	Panama
country	Maharaja Bir Bikram College Stadium, is a multi-use stadium in Agartala, India.	Maharaja Bir Bikram College Stadium	India
country	The North Sea Jazz Festival is an annual festival held each second weekend of July in the Netherlands at the Ahoy venue.	North Sea Jazz Festival	Netherlands
country	Culture Village is a multi-purpose development project in the United Arab Emirates, located along the shoreline of the Dubai creek on a 40,000,000-square-foot (3,700,000 m2) plot of land.	Culture Village	United Arab Emirates
country	The Skagit Range is a subrange of the Cascade Range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada and northwestern Washington, United States, which are known in Canada as the Canadian Cascades or, officially, the Cascade Mountains.	Skagit Range	Canada
country	Otrokovice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈotrokovɪtsɛ); German: Otrokowitz) is a town in the Zlín Region, Czech Republic.	Otrokovice	Czech Republic
country	The Hinter Grauspitz (also known as Schwarzhorn) is a mountain on the border of Switzerland and Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps.	Hinter Grauspitz	Switzerland	Liechtenstein
country	Sigdola Chhota is a small village in the Laxmangarh tehsil of the Sikar district, Rajasthan, India.	Sigdola Chhota	India
country	The International Cycling Film Festival (Polish: Międzynarodowy Festiwal Filmów Rowerowych, German: Internationales Festival des Fahrrad-Films) is an inpedendent, not-for-profit film festival held annually in Germany, in Poland and in the Netherlands.	International Cycling Film Festival	Germany	Poland
country	Behjerd-e Bala (Persian: بهجردبالا‎, also Romanized as Behjerd-e Bālā; also known as Behjerd) is a village in Halil Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Behjerd-e Bala	Iran
country	The Albrun Pass (German: Albrunpass, Italian: Passo d'Arbola or Bocchetta d'Arbola) is an Alpine pass connecting Switzerland and Italy.	Albrun Pass	Switzerland
country	Rychłocice (rɨxwɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rychłocice	Poland
country	Gomal Pass (Pashto: ګومل‎) is a mountain pass on the Durand Line between Afghanistan and the southeastern portion of South Waziristan in Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas.	Gomal Pass	Afghanistan	Pakistan
country	Circuit Park Zandvoort is a motorsport race track located in the dunes north of Zandvoort, Netherlands, near the North Sea coast line.	Circuit Park Zandvoort	Netherlands
country	Pidhirtsi Castle (Ukrainian: Підгорецький замок; Polish: zamek w Podhorcach) is a residential castle-fortress located in the village of Pidhirtsi in Lviv Oblast (province) western Ukraine, located eighty kilometers east of Lviv.	Pidhirtsi Castle	Ukraine
country	The Royal University of Law and Economics (RULE) is one of the oldest higher educational institutions in Cambodia.	Royal University of Law and Economics	Cambodia
country	Karjalohja (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈkɑrjɑˌlohjɑ)), or Karislojo in Swedish, is a former municipality of Finland.	Karjalohja	Finland
country	Ch'uspini (Aymara jaju, ch'uspi mosquito, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with mosquitos'', also spelled Chuspini) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Ch'uspini	Peru
country	Gamów (ˈɡamuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Gamów	Poland
country	The Oudegracht, or ``old canal'', runs through the center of Utrecht, the Netherlands.	Oudegracht	Netherlands
country	Stung Svay Chek River is a river in northwest Cambodia.	Stung Svay Chek River	Cambodia
country	Boneh Var-e Baba Ahmadi (Persian: بنه واربابااحمد‎, also Romanized as Boneh Vār-e Bābā Aḩmadī; also known as Boned Vār-e Bābā Aḩmadī and Boneh Vār) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh Var-e Baba Ahmadi	Iran
country	Yester Grange is an historic house and estate situated in the village of Wentworth Falls, in the Blue Mountains approximately 95 kilometres west of Sydney, Australia.	Yester Grange	Australia
country	Nabunot (variously Nabunut) is an island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Nabunot	Philippines
country	The TAZARA Railway, also called the Uhuru Railway or the Tanzam Railway, is a railroad in East Africa linking the port of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania with the town of Kapiri Mposhi in Zambia's Central Province.	TAZARA Railway	Tanzania	Zambia
country	The Alliance for a Democratic Dynamic (French: Alliance pour une Dynamique Démocratique) is an opposition alliance of Benin which contested the Beninese parliamentary election of 2007.	Alliance for a Democratic Dynamic	Benin
country	Morkoka (Russian: Моркока) is a rural locality (a selo) under the administrative jurisdiction of the Settlement of Aykhal in Mirninsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 291 kilometers (181 mi) from Mirny, the administrative center of the district, and 178 kilometers (111 mi) from Aykhal.	Morkoka	Russia
country	Zgharta District (Arabic: زغرتا‎) is a district (qadaa) of the North Governorate, northern Lebanon.	Zgharta District	Lebanon
country	Barkeh-ye Chupan (Persian: بركه چوپان‎, also Romanized as Barkeh-ye Chūpān and Barkeh Chūpān; also known as Bargeh Choopan) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kangan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Barkeh-ye Chupan	Iran
country	Terras de Riba-Côa or simply Riba-Côa is a historical area in central Portugal.	Terras de Riba-Côa	Portugal
country	The Palácio do Jaburu (English: Palace of the Jabiru) is the official residence of the Vice-President of Brazil.	Palácio do Jaburu	Brazil
country	Zanguiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: زنگوييه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zangūīyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Zangoeeyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zanguiyeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	The Glion Tunnel is a two-gallery vehicular tunnel running underneath Montreux in Switzerland.	Glion Tunnel	Switzerland
country	The Trier University of Applied Sciences (German: Hochschule Trier) is a University of Applied Sciences (German: ``Fachhochschule'') located in Trier, Birkenfeld and Idar-Oberstein (Germany).	Trier University of Applied Sciences	Germany
country	Ymyyakhtakh (Russian: Ымыяхтах) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Edeysky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 36 kilometers (22 mi) from Namtsy, the administrative center of the district.	Ymyyakhtakh	Russia
country	Šimonovce (Hungarian: Rimasimonyi) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Šimonovce	Slovakia
country	Koam Station is a railway station in Koam-dong, greater Munch'ŏn city, Kangwŏn province, North Korea, on the terminus of the Koam Branch of the Kangwŏn Line of the Korean State Railway; the branchline connects to the mainline at Okp'yŏng.	Koam Station	North Korea
country	Maradi Airport (IATA: MFQ, ICAO: DRRM) is an airport serving Maradi, Niger.	Maradi Airport	Niger
country	Cerro Catedral is a mountain located 19 kilometres (12 mi) from San Carlos de Bariloche, and inside the Nahuel Huapí National Park, Patagonia, Argentina.	Cerro Catedral	Argentina
country	Nepean Hospital is located at the base of the Blue Mountains in Penrith, New South Wales, Australia.	Nepean Hospital	Australia
country	The City of Geraldton was a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia, 424 kilometres (263 mi) north of the state capital, Perth on the Indian Ocean.	City of Geraldton	Australia
country	Baga Nuur (Mongolian: Бага нуур, small lake) is a lake in the Zavkhan Aimag in Mongolia, separated from Khar lake by a band of sand dunes.	Baga Nuur	Mongolia
country	Rösrath (German pronunciation: (ˈʁøːsˌʁaːt), Colognian: Röhsroth (ˈʁœˑsˌʁɔˑt)) is a city in the Rheinisch-Bergischer Kreis (district) in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Rösrath	Germany
country	Maja e Vjelakut (Albanian: Maja e Vjeljakut/Maja e Vjelakut/Maja Vjelakut/Majae Vjelakut/majën e Vjelakut; Serbian: Волујак, Volujak) is a peak of the Prokletije range in Kosovo, reaching a top height of 2,014 m (6,608 ft).	Maja e Vjelakut	Kosovo
country	The Bang Lang Dam (Thai: เขื่อนบางลาง), also known as the Pattani Dam, is a multi-purpose hydroelectric dam in the Bannang Sata District of Yala Province, Thailand.	Bang Lang Dam	Thailand
country	Yap International Airport (IATA: YAP, ICAO: PTYA, FAA LID: T11) is an airport on Yap, the main island of the State of Yap in the Federated States of Micronesia.	Yap International Airport	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Kadisoka (Indonesian: Candi Kadisoka) is a partially excavated temple, thought to be Hindu, in Sleman, Yogyakarta, Indonesia.	Kadisoka	Indonesia
country	Andamooka Station is a pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but now operates as a cattle station in outback South Australia.	Andamooka Station	Australia
country	The Urban Community of Marseille Provence Métropole (French: Communauté Urbaine Marseille Provence Métropole) is a former intercommunal structure gathering the city of Marseille (in Provence, southern France) and some of its suburbs.	Urban Community of Marseille Provence Métropole	France
country	Kragbron is a town in the Free State province of South Africa and part of the Metsimaholo Local Municipality.	Kragbron	South Africa
country	New Zoveng is a new town ward of Churachandpur, Manipur (India).	New Zoveng	India
country	Bentheim-Tecklenburg-Rheda was a County of northwestern North Rhine-Westphalia and southwestern Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bentheim-Tecklenburg-Rheda	Germany
country	The Federation of the Greens (Italian: Federazione dei Verdi, or just Verdi) is a green political party in Italy, which includes also a large eco-socialist faction.	Federation of the Greens	Italy
country	Noshveh (Persian: نشوه‎, also Romanized as Neshvah) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Noshveh	Iran
country	The Bokaa Dam is a dam on the Metsimotlhabe River, a tributary of the Ngotwane River, in Botswana.	Bokaa Dam	Botswana
country	Flaxweiler (Luxembourgish: Fluessweiler) is a commune and small town in south-eastern Luxembourg.	Flaxweiler	Luxembourg
country	The San Antón Bridge (Spanish: Puente de San Antón, Basque: San Antongo zubia) is an arch bridge in Bilbao, Spain.	San Antón Bridge	Spain
country	The Kozloduy Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Bulgaria situated 120 kilometres (75 mi) north of Sofia and 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of Kozloduy, a town on the Danube river, near the border with Romania.	Kozloduy Nuclear Power Plant	Bulgaria
country	Pouillac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime in the department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.	Pouillac	France
country	Paseo del Siglo (literally Tour of the Century or Walk of the Century) is a part of the historical center of the city of Rosario, Argentina.	Paseo del Siglo	Argentina
country	Macouria is a commune of French Guiana located midway between Cayenne and Kourou, an overseas region and department of France located in South America.	Macouria	France
country	Belčišta is a village in the Republic of Macedonia, located approximately at 41.302757°N 20.830078°E. It is the municipality center of Debarca.	Belčišta	Macedonia
country	Savant Lake (Sturgeon Lake) Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CJP3), is located 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) southeast of Savant Lake, Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada.	Savant Lake (Sturgeon Lake) Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Rhinow (German pronunciation: (ˈʁiːnoː)) is a town in the Havelland district (Landkreis), in Brandenburg, Germany.	Rhinow	Germany
country	Pinhel (Portuguese pronunciation: (piˈɲɛɫ)) is a municipality in the central subregion of Beira Interior Norte, in Portugal.	Pinhel	Portugal
country	Los Cajones is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.	Los Cajones	Argentina
country	Gascas de Alarcón is the site of a former town in the province of Cuenca, Spain.	Gascas de Alarcón	Spain
country	Belsko (pronounced (ˈbeːlskɔ)) is a village northwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Belsko	Slovenia
country	The Iguazu River (Portuguese: Rio Iguaçu (ˈʁi.u iɡwaˈsu), Spanish: Río Iguazú (ˈri.o iɣwaˈsu); also called Rio Iguassu) is a river in Brazil and Argentina.	Iguazu River	Brazil	Argentina
country	Æðey is a small island in the Westfjords region of Iceland.	Æðey	Iceland
country	Iskandar Puteri (Jawi: إسكندر ڤوتري) is a newly developed planned city in Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia.	Iskandar Puteri	Malaysia
country	Saldus parish (Latvian: Saldus pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Saldus Municipality, Latvia.	Saldus parish	Latvia
country	The Vancouver Police Department (VPD) is the police force for the City of Vancouver in British Columbia, Canada.	Vancouver Police Department	Canada
country	Vapar Sar (Persian: وپرسر‎; also known as Vafar Sar) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vapar Sar	Iran
country	Khoshkkan (Persian: خشكان‎, also Romanized as Khoshkkān) is a village in Karghond Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khoshkkan	Iran
country	The Denderstreek or Denderland is a region in the heart of Belgium.	Denderstreek	Belgium
country	The Antwerp Water Works (Dutch: Antwerpse Water Werken) or AWW produces water for the city of Antwerp (Belgium) and its surroundings.	Antwerp Water Works	Belgium
country	Dumraon is one of Bihar's oldest municipalities and one of India's oldest princely states.	Dumraon	India
country	Hoensbroek Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Hoensbroek) or Gebrook Castle (Dutch: Gebrookhoes) is one of the largest castles in the Netherlands.	Hoensbroek Castle	Netherlands
country	Unlike most rivers in Thailand the Moei River flows north in a northwest direction.	Moei River	Thailand
country	Grasse Cathedral (Cathédrale Notre-Dame-du-Puy de Grasse) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral, and a national monument of France, located in the town of Grasse.	Grasse Cathedral	France
country	The Government Law College, Coimbatore is one of six government law colleges in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Government Law College, Coimbatore	India
country	Qilehliq (Persian: قيله ليق‎, also Romanized as Qīlehlīq) is a village in Zeri Rural District, Qatur District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qilehliq	Iran
country	The City to Sea Bridge is a pedestrian bridge and public artwork located in Wellington City, New Zealand.	City to Sea Bridge	New Zealand
country	Sefikeng is a town in western Lesotho, located 30 kilometres to the east of the capital, Maseru, and 15 kilometres south of Teyateyaneng.	Sefikeng	Lesotho
country	Dudelange-Ville railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Diddeleng-Stad, French: Gare de Dudelange-Ville, German: Bahnhof Dudelingen-Stadt) is a railway station serving central Dudelange, in southern Luxembourg.	Dudelange-Ville railway station	Luxembourg
country	Nilali Goundam Palayam is a village located near Koduvai, in Tiruppur District, India.	Nilali Goundam Palayam	India
country	Bahovitsa (Bulgarian: Баховица) is a village in Central-North Bulgaria, part of the Lovech Municipality, Lovech Province, about 5 kilometers north of Lovech.	Bahovitsa	Bulgaria
country	Hanimaadhoo International Airport (Dhivehi: ހަނިމާދޫ ބައިނަލްއަޤުވާމީ ވައިގެ ބަނދަރު IATA: HAQ, ICAO: VRMH) is an airport located on the island of Hanimaadhoo in Haa Dhaalu Atoll, Maldives, opened as a domestic airport.	Hanimaadhoo International Airport	Maldives
country	Hjerting is a district of Esbjerg in southwest Jutland, Denmark, some 7 km (4.3 mi) north of the centre.	Hjerting	Denmark
country	Mir Ab (Persian: ميراب‎, also Romanized as Mīr Āb) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mir Ab	Iran
country	Kalgali is a village in northern part of the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Kalgali	Pakistan
country	Przydatki Dmenińskie (pʂɨˈdatki dmɛˈniɲskʲɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Przydatki Dmenińskie	Poland
country	Hailey Wishers College Daska is a boys' college in Daska, Sialkot District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Hailey Wishers College Daska	Pakistan
country	The Mafinga Hills are a plateau covered by hills, situated on the border between Zambia and Malawi, in Southern Africa.	Mafinga Hills	Malawi
country	Plánice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈplaːɲɪtsɛ)) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Plánice	Czech Republic
country	The Met Office recorded Bude as the sunniest place in the United Kingdom during the summer of 2013 with 783 hours of sunlight.	Bude	United Kingdom
country	Lilletorget (originally named Vaterlands Torv) is a square in Oslo, Norway.	Lilletorget	Norway
country	The Zincirlikuyu Cemetery (Turkish: Zincirlikuyu Mezarlığı) is a modern burial ground residing on the European part of Istanbul, Turkey.	Zincirlikuyu Cemetery	Turkey
country	Ben Aknoun (Arabic: بن عكنون‎) is a commune of Algiers Province and a suburb of the city of Algiers in northern Algeria.	Ben Aknoun	Algeria
country	Wławie (ˈvwavjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wławie	Poland
country	La Font de la Figuera (Valencian pronunciation: (la ˈfɔnt de la fiˈɣeɾa), Spanish: Fuente la Higuera (ˈfwente la iˈɣeɾa)) is a municipality in the comarca of Costera in the Valencian Community, Spain.	La Font de la Figuera	Spain
country	Mdimba is a mountain and hill range in northwestern Swaziland.	Mdimba	Swaziland
country	Aponitishchi (Russian: Апонитищи) is a rural locality (a village) in Zaraysky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 12 kilometers (7.5 mi) northeast from Zaraysk.	Aponitishchi	Russia
country	Concepción Chiquirichapa (Spanish pronunciation: (konsepˈsjon tʃikiɾiˈtʃapa)) is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Quetzaltenango in the Western Highlands of Guatemala, 14 kilometers west of the departmental capital of Quetzaltenango, and 214 kilometers west of the capital Guatemala City.	Concepción Chiquirichapa	Guatemala
country	Pozga (ˈpɔzɡa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pozga	Poland
country	The Kulevi oil terminal is an oil port on the eastern Black Sea coast in Georgia.	Kulevi oil terminal	Georgia
country	Baroun is a small area in the Farrukhabad city of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Baroun	India
country	Ližnjan (Italian: Lisignano) is a village and municipality in Istria, Croatia.	Ližnjan	Croatia
country	Kamulu is a small town located roughly 40 Kilometers from Nairobi, Kenya within Nairobi County, Kasarani Constituency, Ruai Sub-County.	Kamulu	Kenya
country	Kangshanagar High School (Bengali: কংশনগর উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is a combined school in Comilla, a city in Bangladesh.	Kangshanagar High School	Bangladesh
country	Knyazhaya Guba (Russian: Княжая Губа, Finnish: Knäsöi) is the rural locality (a Selo) in Kandalakshskiy District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Knyazhaya Guba	Russia
country	Mount Batur (Gunung Batur) is an active volcano located at the center of two concentric calderas north west of Mount Agung on the island of Bali, Indonesia.	Mount Batur	Indonesia
country	Bacharach ( pronunciation , also known as Bacharach am Rhein) is a town in the Mainz-Bingen district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Bacharach	Germany
country	The Iberg Dripstone Cave (German: Iberger Tropfsteinhöhle) is a public cave and geology museum in southern Lower Saxony near Bad Grund, Germany.	Iberg Dripstone Cave	Germany
country	Lythrodontas (Greek: Λυθροδόντας) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.	Lythrodontas	Cyprus
country	Gumelemi Cay is a tiny island directly north of the Baker's Bay tip of Great Guana Cay in The Bahamas.	Gumelemi Cay	The Bahamas
country	The River Swilly (Irish: An tSúileach) is a river in Ireland, which flows in an eastern direction through Letterkenny, County Donegal.	River Swilly	Ireland
country	Al-Awjam (also written Al Awjām, Al Ājām, or Ajam al Qatif) is a small city located in the Eastern Province of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on the Persian Gulf.	Al-Awjam	Saudi Arabia
country	Hreljin Castle (Gradina Hreljin ) is a castle in Hreljin, Croatia.	Hreljin Castle	Croatia
country	Eoryong Station (Hangul: 어룡역; hanja: 魚龍驛) is a station of the U Line in Yonghyeon-dong, Uijeongbu, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Eoryong Station	South Korea
country	Beatrice Islet Conservation Park is a protected area occupying the Beatrice Islets and adjoining intertidal areas in Nepean Bay on Kangaroo Island, South Australia.	Beatrice Islet Conservation Park	Australia
country	Montefiascone Cathedral or the Basilica of Santa Margherita (Italian: Cattedrale di Santa Margherita) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral in Montefiascone in the province of Viterbo, Italy, dedicated to Saint Margaret of Antioch, the patron saint of the town.	Montefiascone Cathedral	Italy
country	Bolga is a populated island, just off of the Helgeland coast, in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county, Norway.	Bolga	Norway
country	Gotikhel is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Gotikhel	Nepal
country	Bandar Baru Klang is a modern township located just 2 km away from the Klang town centre in the state of Selangor, Malaysia.	Bandar Baru Klang	Malaysia
country	The Canadian Airborne Forces Association (CAFA) is the umbrella organization for all military airborne associations within Canada.	Canadian Airborne Forces Association	Canada
country	Volgodonsk (Russian: Волгодонск; IPA: (vəlgɐˈdonsk)) is a city in Rostov Oblast, Russia, located in the east of the oblast on the west bank of the Tsimlyansk Reservoir.	Volgodonsk	Russia
country	During the hot summer of 1983, Liphook made the news as the hottest spot (33.7C) in the United Kingdom on three days in July.	Liphook	United Kingdom
country	Bukit Gombak Single Member Constituency (Traditional Chinese: 武吉甘柏單選區;Simplified Chinese: 武吉甘柏单选区) is a defunct Single Member Constituency in the western area in Singapore.	Bukit Gombak Single Member Constituency	Singapore
country	The Gurktal Alps (German: Gurktaler Alpen, Slovene: Krške Alpe) are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps in Austria, named after the valley of the Gurk River.	Gurktal Alps	Austria
country	Gharbia Governorate (Egyptian Arabic: محافظة الغربية el-Gharbeyya IPA: (elɣɑɾˈbejjɑ, -jæ), English: Western Governorate) is one of the governorates of Egypt.	Gharbia Governorate	Egypt
country	Qilab Rural District (Persian: دهستان قيلاب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qilab Rural District	Iran
country	Île d'Oléron (pronounced: (il doleʁɔ̃)) is an island off the Atlantic coast of France (due west of Rochefort), on the southern side of the Pertuis d'Antioche strait.	Oléron	France
country	Hunterville is a small community on State Highway 1, in the Rangitikei district of the North Island of New Zealand.	Hunterville	New Zealand
country	Mykonos Island National Airport (IATA: JMK, ICAO: LGMK) is an airport in Mykonos, Greece, located 4 kilometers from the town of Mykonos.	Mykonos Island National Airport	Greece
country	Evretou (Greek: Ευρέτου) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 6 km southwest of Lysos.	Evretou	Cyprus
country	Chinchun (Quechua chinchu a plant of the Tagetes family, -n a suffix, also spelled Chinchón) is a mountain in the western part of the Ch'ila mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,400 metres (17,717 ft) high.	Chinchun	Peru
country	Ramatlabama (or Ramatlhabama) is a village and railway station 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of Mafikeng, in the North West province of South Africa.	Ramatlabama	South Africa
country	Fort Providence Airport (ICAO: CYJP), is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) east of Fort Providence, Northwest Territories, Canada.	Fort Providence Airport	Canada
country	Roma Street Parkland covers 16 hectares in the centre of Brisbane, Australia.	Roma Street Parkland	Australia
country	Vrhpolje pri Šentvidu (pronounced (ˈʋəɾxpɔljɛ pɾi ʃɛnˈtʋiːdu); German: Oberfeld) is a settlement east of Ivančna Gorica in the Lower Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vrhpolje pri Šentvidu	Slovenia
country	St Gabriel's, Cricklewood, is an Anglican church in Cricklewood, Brent, London, United Kingdom.	St Gabriel's, Cricklewood	United Kingdom
country	Bsharri District is one of the 7 districts (qadaa, قضاء) of the North Governorate, Lebanon.	Bsharri District	Lebanon
country	Jammu Airport (also known as Satwari Airport (IATA: IXJ, ICAO: VIJU)) is a civil airport in Jammu, Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Jammu Airport	India
country	Siófok is a city in Hungary on the southern bank of Lake Balaton in Somogy County.	Siófok	Hungary
country	Dharyala Jalap is a village and union council,near the Jhelum River, of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Dharyala Jalap	Pakistan
country	The Petén-Veracruz moist forests ecoregion, of the Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forest Biome, is found in Belize, Guatemala, and Mexico.	Petén-Veracruz moist forests	Mexico
country	The Ngalamu River is a river of northern Mozambique and Malawi, located to the west of Lake Amaramba.	Ngalamu River	Mozambique	Malawi
country	Sieradowice Pierwsze (ɕɛradɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sieradowice Pierwsze	Poland
country	The Party of Democrats (Italian: Partito dei Democratici, PD) was a social-democratic and democratic socialist political party in San Marino.	Party of Democrats	San Marino
country	SAL - Sociedade de Aviação Ligeira was an air taxi operator based in Luanda, Angola.	Sociedade de Aviação Ligeira	Angola
country	Kalibo Poblacion is a barangay of Kalibo, Aklan, Philippines which is considered as the poblacion or administrative center of the town and the most important barangay of Aklan.	Kalibo Poblacion	Philippines
country	Point Pelee National Park (/ˈpiːliː/; French Parc national de la Pointe-Pelée) is a national park located in Essex County in southwestern Ontario, Canada where it extends into Lake Erie.	Point Pelee National Park	Canada
country	The Harry Gibbons Migratory Bird Sanctuary is a migratory bird sanctuary in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Harry Gibbons Migratory Bird Sanctuary	Canada
country	Mount Livadiyskaya (Russian: гора́ Ливади́йская or со́пка Ливади́йская), unofficially known as Mount Pedan (Педа́н) or Mount Pidan (Пида́н) is one of the highest peaks in Shkotovsky District of Primorsky Krai, Russia.	Mount Livadiyskaya	Russia
country	Balingsta Church (Swedish: Balingsta kyrka) is a Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County, Sweden.	Balingsta Church	Sweden
country	Asiab Rural District (Persian: دهستان آسياب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Asiab Rural District	Iran
country	Sad Talvar (Persian: سد تلوار‎, also Romanized as Sad Talvār) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sad Talvar	Iran
country	Gimsøya is an island in Vågan municipality in Nordland county, Norway.	Gimsøya	Norway
country	Alpine skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at Whistler Creekside in Whistler, British Columbia, Canada.	Alpine skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics	Canada
country	Ploemel (Pleñver in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Ploemel	France
country	Headquartered in Landskrona, Sweden, Besam has 1500 employees at 26 subsidiaries around the globe and representation in another 55 countries.	Besam	Sweden
country	Legacy Skatepark is a public skatepark located in Ottawa, Canada.	Legacy Skatepark	Canada
country	The Pontifical Oriental Institute (Latin: Pontificium Institutum Orientalium Studiorum, Italian: Pontificio Instituto Orientale) or ``Orientale'' is the premier center for the study of Eastern Christianity in Rome, Italy.	Pontifical Oriental Institute	Italy
country	Bijand (Persian: بيجند‎, also Romanized as Bījand; also known as Bejand) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bijand	Iran
country	Missale Aboense was the first book printed for Finland.	Missale Aboense	Finland
country	Tampere Ice Stadium (Finnish: Tampereen jäähalli, often called Hakametsä) is a sports arena in Tampere, Finland.	Tampere Ice Stadium	Finland
country	Mermaids Cave is an undercut sandstone cave located in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales, Australia.	Mermaids Cave	Australia
country	Laziše (pronounced (laˈziːʃɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Laziše	Slovenia
country	Río Inabón is a river in the municipality of Ponce, Puerto Rico.	Río Inabón	Puerto Rico
country	Polwathumodara railway station is a railway station on the coastal railway line of Sri Lanka.	Polwathumodara railway station	Sri Lanka
country	The East Slovak Museum (Slovak: Východoslovenské múzeum) in Košice, Slovakia, is one of the oldest Slovak museums; it was founded in 1872.	East Slovak Museum	Slovakia
country	Piccadilly Slant-Abraham's Cove is a designated place in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Piccadilly Slant-Abraham's Cove	Canada
country	Kuteževo (pronounced (ˈkuːtɛʒɛʋɔ); Italian: Cottesevo) is a village southeast of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Kuteževo	Slovenia
country	Ballet Theatre of Queensland, founded in 1937 by Phyllis Danaher MBE FRAD, is the oldest continuous dance company in Australia.	Ballet Theatre of Queensland	Australia
country	Dorposz Szlachecki (ˈdɔrpɔʂ ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski) (German: Hönsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dorposz Szlachecki	Poland
country	The Rhinoceros Party (French: Parti Rhinocéros) is a Canadian federal-level satirical political party, referred to in English Canada as the Second Rhinoceros Party.	Rhinoceros Party	Canada
country	Mimaland was a famous recreation theme park in Gombak, Selangor, Malaysia.	Mimaland	Malaysia
country	Yujiapu Railway Station (Chinese: 于家堡; pinyin: yú jiā bǎo) is an underground railway station of Beijing-Tianjin Intercity Railway located in Binhai, Tianjin, People's Republic of China.	Yujiapu Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Dunajki (duˈnai̯ki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dunajki	Poland
country	Lohovo (Cyrillic: Лохово) is a village in the municipality of Bihać, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lohovo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Geelong Maritime Museum is a volunteer-run Community group or not-for-profit historical museum located at 'The Stables', Osborne House, Swinburn Street, North Geelong Victoria, Australia since 1993.	Geelong Maritime Museum	Australia
country	The Fakr ad-Din Mosque (Arabic: مسجد فخر الدين زنكي‎), also known as Masjid Fakhr al-Din, is the oldest mosque in Mogadishu, Somalia.	Fakr ad-Din Mosque	Somalia
country	The School of Facility Management Groningen belongs to the Hanze University Groningen in Groningen, Netherlands and offers a BBA degree programme in International Facility Management.	School of Facility Management Groningen	Netherlands
country	Bukovački Salaši (Serbian Cyrillic: Буковачки Салаши), also known as Bukovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Буковац), is a suburb of Sombor, a city in Serbia.	Bukovački Salaši	Serbia
country	Kratonohy is a small village of about 250 people in the Czech Republic, in the Hradec Králové Region, lying on a state road from Prague to Hradec Králové.	Kratonohy	Czech Republic
country	The Vienna Opera Ball (German: Wiener Opernball) is an annual Austrian society event which takes place in the building of the Vienna State Opera in Vienna, Austria on the Thursday preceding Ash Wednesday (a religious holiday).	Vienna Opera Ball	Austria
country	Rawla Mandi (in Hindi and Rajasthani:- रावला मंडी, in Punjabi:- ਰਾਵਲਾ ਮਂਡੀ, in Sindhi:- راولا منڊي) is a small town in Sri Ganganagar district of Rajasthan, India.	Rawla Mandi	India
country	Qasemabad-e Shurabad (Persian: قاسم ابادشوراباد‎, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Shūrābād; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qasemabad-e Shurabad	Iran
country	Église Unie St-Marc (St. Mark United Church) is a small but historic church in Ottawa, Canada.	Église Unie St-Marc	Canada
country	The Sangachal Terminal is an industrial complex consisting of a natural gas processing plant and oil production plant, located on the coast of the Caspian Sea 45 kilometres (28 mi) south of Baku, Azerbaijan.	Sangachal Terminal	Azerbaijan
country	Bhagalpur division is an administrative geographical unit of Bihar state of India, with Bhagalpur as the administrative headquarters of the division.	Bhagalpur division	India
country	Brit Olam (Hebrew: ברית עולם‎, lit. World Alliance or Eternal Covenant) is a political party in Israel.	Brit Olam	Israel
country	The Veternica (Serbian Cyrillic: Ветерница, pronounced (ʋɛ̌tɛːrnitsa)) is a river in southern Serbia, a 75 km long left tributary to the Južna Morava, which gives the name to the region surrounding its valley.	Veternica	Serbia
country	German submarine U-2344 was a Type XXIII U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.	German submarine U-2344	Germany
country	The Torbido is a river in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Torbido	Italy
country	The Rabindra Parishad is a multi-purpose cultural centre on Beer Chand Patel Path in Patna, India.	Rabindra Parishad	India
country	Bia National Park is a national park in the Western Region of Ghana.	Bia National Park	Ghana
country	Dolnje Prapreče (pronounced (ˈdoːlnjɛ ˈpɾaːpɾɛtʃɛ); in older sources also Dolenje Prapreče, German: Unterprapretsche) is a small settlement west of Šentlovrenc in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Dolnje Prapreče	Slovenia
country	Armyansk (Ukrainian: Армянськ, Russian: Армянск, Armenian: Արմյանսկ, Crimean Tatar: Ermeni Bazar) is a town of regional significance in northern Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine, but de facto under control and administration of Russia.	Armyansk	Ukraine	Russia
country	Boleszyce is a part of the Szczecin City, Poland, situated on the right bank of Oder river, east of the Szczecin Old Town, and south of Szczecin-Dąbie.	Boleszyce	Poland
country	Gwaneumsan is a mountain in the city of Pocheon, Gyeonggi-do in South Korea.	Gwaneumsan	South Korea
country	Okszów-Kolonia (ˈɔkʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Okszów-Kolonia	Poland
country	Hamdamlu (Persian: همدملو‎, also Romanized as Hamdamlū) is a village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hamdamlu	Iran
country	Salitje is a town in south Swaziland, by the border with South Africa, about 25 kilometres south of Hluthi.	Salitje	Swaziland
country	The Tiouraren Formation is a geological formation in Niger whose strata were originally thought to be Early Cretaceous.	Tiouraren Formation	Niger
country	The Mutual Building (Afrikaans: Mutual Gebou), in Cape Town, South Africa, was built as the headquarters of the South African Mutual Life Assurance Society, now the ``Old Mutual'' insurance and financial services company.	Mutual Building	South Africa
country	Nizhny Novgorod (Russian: Ни́жний Но́вгород; IPA: (ˈnʲiʐnʲɪj ˈnovɡərət)), colloquially shortened to Nizhny, is, with a population of 1,250,619, the fifth largest city in Russia and the administrative center of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.	Nizhny Novgorod	Russia
country	Stora Gråmunkegränd (Swedish: Great Greyfriar's Alley) is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Stora Gråmunkegränd	Sweden
country	Nordaustlandet (sometimes translated as North East Land) is the second-largest island in the archipelago of Svalbard, Norway, with an area of 14,443 square kilometres (5,576 sq mi).	Nordaustlandet	Norway
country	El Caco is a stoner rock band from Lillestrøm in Norway.	El Caco	Norway
country	Gavar Special School is a special needs school founded in 1976 in the Gegharkunik region of the Republic of Armenia.	Gavar Special School	Armenia
country	Andenne is associated with the Rape of Belgium in 1914, during which reportedly 211 townspeople were massacred.	Andenne	Belgium
country	Rzymsko (ˈʐɨmskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rzymsko	Poland
country	Helsinki Railway Square (Finnish: Rautatientori, Swedish: Järnvägstorget) is an open square immediately to the east of the Helsinki Central railway station in central Helsinki in Finland.	Helsinki Railway Square	Finland
country	Oinofyta (Greek: Οινόφυτα) is a village and former municipality in eastern Boeotia, Greece.	Oinofyta	Greece
country	Isahakyan (Armenian: Իսահակյան), known as Kharum until the 1820s, and later as Ghazarabad until 1945, is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Isahakyan	Armenia
country	Seyyed Sara (Persian: سيدسرا‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Sarā; also known as Sa``īd Sarā) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 522, in 118 families.	Seyyed Sara	Iran
country	Tulla Upper (or Tullagh Upper) is a barony in County Clare, Ireland.	Tulla Upper	Ireland
country	Azad railway station (Urdu: آزاد ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Pakistan.	Azad railway station	Pakistan
country	The Great Choral Synagogue of Kiev, also known as the Podil Synagogue or the Rozenberg Synagogue, is the oldest synagogue in Kiev, Ukraine.	Great Choral Synagogue	Ukraine
country	Kuliyapitiya is the second largest town in Kurunegala District, North Western Province, Sri Lanka, governed by an Urban Council.	Kuliyapitiya	Sri Lanka
country	Babo Airport is an airport in Babo, West Papua, Indonesia.	Babo Airport	Indonesia
country	Gifhorn (German pronunciation: (ˈɡɪfhɔʁn)) is a town and capital of the district of Gifhorn in the east of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Gifhorn	Germany
country	Kondek-e Khanjar (Persian: كندك خنجر‎; also known as Kondak-e Sarāydīn, Kondek-e Yek, Kondok-e Sarāyeddīn, Kondok Sarāyeddīn, and Kundak Sarāyeddīn) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kondek-e Khanjar	Iran
country	The Antamina Tailings Dam, also known as the Antamina Tailings Impoundment Facility, is a tailings dam located in the Huincush Ravine 55 km (34 mi) east of Huaraz in the Ancash Region of Peru.	Antamina Tailings Dam	Peru
country	The historic Humboldt Post Office building is located at the corner of Main Street and 6th Avenue in Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Humboldt Post Office	Canada
country	The Autorité de la concurrence (English: Competition Authority) is France's national competition regulator.	Autorité de la concurrence	France
country	Parvadeh (Persian: پرواده‎, also Romanized as Parvādeh and Porvādeh; also known as Parvāreh and Pūrvādeh) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District, Deyhuk District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Parvadeh	Iran
country	Headquartered in Düren, Germany, with production sites located throughout Europe, Heimbach Group produces industrial textiles and filtration materials for various applications.	Heimbach Group	Germany
country	Based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, Raggedy Angry is a band that plays a mixture of synth and industrial rock music.	Raggedy Angry	Canada
country	The Changi Air Base (West), or Changi West Complex is a military airbase located in Changi to the eastern tip of Singapore, in reference to the existing facilities of Changi Air Base.	Changi Air Base (West)	Singapore
country	Al Mankhool (Arabic: المنخول‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Mankhool	United Arab Emirates
country	Ziabar (Persian: ضيابر‎, also Romanized as Ẕīābar, Zeyābar, Ẕīā'' Bar, and Zīyā'' Bar; also known as Ziabera) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ziabar	Iran
country	Nanyang Basin is located in Henan Province of the People's Republic of China, a small part of the basin is in Hubei Province, the southern neighbor of Henan.	Nanyang Basin	People's Republic of China
country	El Araba El Madfuna (Arabic: العربة المدفونة‎ al-ʿarabä al-madfūnä, meaning 'the Buried Cart', also known as Arabet Abydos) is a town in Egypt.	El Araba El Madfuna	Egypt
country	Boumnyébel is a community in Cameroon about 120 kilometres (75 mi) along the road from Yaoundé to Douala.	Boumnyébel	Cameroon
country	Lagny, Oise (former: Laigny-les-Chataigniers) is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.	Lagny, Oise	France
country	The Federation of Canadian Naturists (FCN) is the official International Naturist Federation (INF) representative for English-speaking Canada.	Federation of Canadian Naturists	Canada
country	Mokhotlong is a city and seat of Mokhotlong District in the mountainous northeastern part of Lesotho.	Mokhotlong	Lesotho
country	Krymskoye Urban Settlement (Russian: Кры́мское городско́е поселе́ние) is a municipal formation (an urban settlement) in Krymsky Municipal District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Krymskoye Urban Settlement	Russia
country	The Agricultural University of Berlin (German: Landwirtschaftliche Hochschule Berlin) was an agricultural university in Berlin, Germany.	Agricultural University of Berlin	Germany
country	Großenhain (also written as Grossenhain) is a Große Kreisstadt (German for major district town) in the district of Meißen, Saxony, Germany.	Großenhain	Germany
country	Old Ahmedabad, the walled city of Ahmedabad in India, was founded by Ahmed Shah I of Gujarat Sultanate in 1411.	Old Ahmedabad	India
country	The Smederevo Fortress (Serbian: Cмeдepeвcκa твpђaвa, Smederevska tvrđava) is a medieval fortified city in Smederevo, Serbia, which was temporary capital of Serbia in the Middle Ages.	Smederevo Fortress	Serbia
country	The Vlachochoria (Gr. Βλαχοχώρια, from Vlach and chorio (village)) is a general toponym in Greece for villages inhabited by Vlach-speakers.	Vlachochoria	Greece
country	Sayow-ye Bozorg (Persian: سائوبزرگ‎, also Romanized as Sāyow-ye Bozorg) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Sayow-ye Bozorg	Iran
country	Mount Ayanganna is a sandstone tepui in the Pakaraima Mountains of western Guyana, 85 kilometres east of Mount Roraima at 5°23′N 59°59′W. With a height of 2,041 metres (6,696 feet) it is the easternmost tepui taller than 2,000 metres.	Mount Ayanganna	Guyana
country	Saint-Aignan-sur-Roë is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.	Saint-Aignan-sur-Roë	France
country	Nông Thượng is a commune (xã) and village in Bắc Kạn, Bắc Kạn Province, in Vietnam.	Nông Thượng	Vietnam
country	Isle of Bombay was one of Seven islands of Bombay, an archipelago of islands that were, in the eighteenth century, connected to form the area of the modern city of Mumbai (formerly Bombay) in India.	Isle of Bombay	India
country	Juuru (German: Jörden) is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Rapla County, Estonia.	Juuru	Estonia
country	Bolshoy Semyachik (Russian: Большой Семячик) is a volcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Bolshoy Semyachik	Russia
country	Ice FM was a local radio station in Cromwell, New Zealand which commenced operation in July 1996.	Ice FM	New Zealand
country	Boguchar (Russian: Богуча́р) is a town and the administrative center of Bogucharsky District in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, located on the Boguchar River (a tributary of the Don), 243 kilometers (151 mi) south of Voronezh, the administrative center of the oblast.	Boguchar	Russia
country	Marienkamp Abbey (Dutch: Klooster Mariënkamp; Latin: Maria in Campis) was a Cistercian nunnery in the present province of Drenthe in the Netherlands.	Marienkamp Abbey	Netherlands
country	Baeza (Spanish pronunciation: (ba.ˈe.θa)), formerly also written as Baéza, is an Andalusian town in the province of Jaén in southern Spain.	Baeza	Spain
country	Agios Andreas Hospital (Greek: Γενικό Νοσοκομείο Πατρών ``Ο Άγιος Ανδρέας'') is a hospital in Patras, Achaea, Greece.	Agios Andreas Hospital	Greece
country	St Lamberti Church (in German: St Lamberti-Kirche) is the main Evangelical Lutheran church in the centre of the city of Oldenburg, Lower Saxony, Germany.	St Lamberti Church	Germany
country	Narvik Church (Norwegian: Narvik kirke) is the main parish church in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Narvik Church	Norway
country	Belgorod International Airport (Russian: Международный Аэропорт Белгород) (IATA: EGO, ICAO: UUOB) is an airport in Russia located 4 km north of Belgorod.	Belgorod International Airport	Russia
country	Tzur Moshe (Hebrew: צוּר מֹשֶׁה, lit. Rock of Moshe) is a moshav in central Israel, in the Central district.	Tzur Moshe	Israel
country	Ciobanovca (German: Hirtenheim, Russian: Чебановка Chebanovka) is a commune in the Anenii Noi district of the Republic of Moldova.	Ciobanovca	Moldova
country	Kiudang is a mukim in the Tutong District of Brunei.	Kiudang	Brunei
country	Syndikalistiska Arbetarefederationen ('Syndicalist Workers Federation', SAF) was a syndicalist trade union centre in Sweden 1928-1938.	Syndikalistiska Arbetarefederationen	Sweden
country	The city of Siah Rud (Persian: سيه رود‎; also Romanized as Sīah Rūd, Seyah Rūd, and Sīyah Rūd; also known as Verkhnyaya Siara) is the capital of Siah Rud District, in Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Siah Rud	Iran
country	Unjusa or Unju Temple is a Korean Buddhist temple located in Hwasun County, South Jeolla province, South Korea.	Unjusa	South Korea
country	Prolivy (Russian: Проливы) is a rural locality (a railway station) in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 19 meters (62 ft) above sea level.	Prolivy	Russia
country	Kabud Mehr (Persian: كبودمهر‎, also Romanized as Kabūd Mehr; also known as Kūrāmār) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kabud Mehr	Iran
country	The University of West London is a public university in the United Kingdom which has campuses in Ealing and Brentford in London, as well as in Reading and Slough in Berkshire.	University of West London	United Kingdom
country	Skrabské (Hungarian: Tapolymogyorós) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Skrabské	Slovakia
country	The Sidon District (Arabic: قضاء صيدا‎) is a district within the South Governorate of Lebanon.	Sidon District	Lebanon
country	Bodzewo (bɔˈd͡zɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bodzewo	Poland
country	Aşağı Şurtan (also, Ashagy Shurtan) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Şurtan	Azerbaijan
country	Swinford, historically called Swineford (Irish: Béal Átha na Muice, meaning ``ford-mouth of the swine''), is a town in County Mayo, Ireland.	Swinford	Ireland
country	Some organizations say that Iguatemi São Paulo is the first shopping mall to be opened in Brazil, but other ones say that the Shopping do Méier in Rio de Janeiro is older.	Iguatemi São Paulo	Brazil
country	Khorintsy (Russian: Хоринцы) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of three settlements, in addition to Balagannakh and Mekimdya, in Khorinsky Rural Okrug of Olyokminsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Khorintsy	Russia
country	Tira K'ark'a (Aymara tira cradle, k'ark'a crevice, fissure, crack, also spelled Tirakarka) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia, about 4,974 metres (16,319 ft) high.	Tira K'ark'a	Bolivia
country	Qeqertarsuatsiaat, formerly Fiskernæs or Fiskenæsset, is a settlement in the Sermersooq municipality in southwestern Greenland, located on an island off the shores of Labrador Sea.	Qeqertarsuatsiaat	Greenland
country	The Bogdan Petriceicu Hasdeu National College is the most important high school in Buzău, Romania.	Bogdan Petriceicu Hasdeu National College	Romania
country	Sougia (Greek Σούγια) is a community and a small village in Chania regional unit on the island of Crete, Greece.	Sougia	Greece
country	The Djoudj National Bird Sanctuary (French: Parc national des oiseaux du Djoudj) lies on the southeast bank of the Senegal River in Senegal, in northern Biffeche, north east of St-Louis.	Djoudj National Bird Sanctuary	Senegal
country	Poturzyn (pɔˈtuʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Poturzyn	Poland
country	The Curú Wildlife Refuge is a Wildlife refuge of Costa Rica, part of the Tempisque Conservation Area, tropical dry forests on the southern Nicoya Peninsula, near Tambor.	Curú Wildlife Refuge	Costa Rica
country	Aïn Sebt is a town and commune in Sétif Province in north-eastern Algeria.	Aïn Sebt	Algeria
country	In the following years, the Schaubühne directed by Stein and his dramaturgical assistant Botho Strauß became one of the leading theatre stages in Germany.	Schaubühne	Germany
country	Fuente Álamo de Murcia is a town and municipality in the Region of Murcia, southern Spain.	Fuente Álamo de Murcia	Spain
country	Kotido Airport (IATA: N/A, ICAO: HUKO) is a small civilian airport that serves the town of Kotido in Uganda.	Kotido Airport	Uganda
country	The Federal Heritage Buildings Review Office (FHBRO) was established in 1982 after the Government of Canada adopted an internal policy on managing heritage buildings.	Federal Heritage Buildings Review Office	Canada
country	The German People's Union (German: Deutsche Volksunion, DVU, also Liste D) was a nationalist political party in Germany.	German People's Union	Germany
country	The Ord Irrigation Area Important Bird Area is an area of land used for irrigated agriculture along the Ord River in the vicinity of the town of Kununurra in the Kimberley region of north-western Australia.	Ord Irrigation Area Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Mansur Kandi (Persian: منصوركندي‎, also Romanized as Manşūr Kandī) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mansur Kandi	Iran
country	Franklin Harbor Conservation Park is a protected area associated with Franklin Harbor on the east coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of Cowell.	Franklin Harbor Conservation Park	Australia
country	Perth Oval (also known as nib Stadium under a naming rights agreement) is a sports stadium in Perth, the capital of the Australian state of Western Australia.	Perth Oval	Australia
country	Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo International Airport (IATA: ZIH, ICAO: MMZH) is an international airport in the state of Guerrero on Mexico's Pacific Ocean coast.	Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo International Airport	Mexico
country	Harry's Cafe de Wheels is an iconic pie cart located in Woolloomooloo, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia on Cowper Wharf Road, near the Finger Wharf and Fleet Base East of Garden Island Navy Base, opposite the Woolloomooloo Bay Hotel.	Harry's Cafe de Wheels	Australia
country	My Brahim is a town in Al Haouz Province, Marrakesh-Safi, Morocco.	My Brahim	Morocco
country	Åkeshov Castle is a castle in Bromma, a borough of Stockholm, Sweden.	Åkeshov Castle	Sweden
country	Auboranges (Arpitan: Ouborindze ) is a municipality in the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Auboranges	Switzerland
country	Bergen op Zoom (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbɛrɣə(n) ɔp ˈsoːm); called Berrege (ˈbɛrəɣə) in the local dialect) is a municipality and a city located in the south of the Netherlands.	Bergen op Zoom	Netherlands
country	Parszkowo (parʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Parszkowo	Poland
country	Ardoileán or Ard Oileán, known in English as High Island (a translation of the Irish name), is a small island off the northwest coast of Connemara in County Galway, Ireland.	Ardoileán	Ireland
country	Although short-lived, the Eaton Internment Camp was one of twenty-four official internment facilities created in Canada to accommodate prisoners of war during the period 1914-20.	Eaton Internment Camp	Canada
country	Bagira is a commune in Bukavu, South Kivu in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Bagira	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Obryta (ɔˈbrɨta) (German: Groß Schönfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warnice, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Obryta	Poland
country	Santa Lucia Cloud Forest (Spanish: Bosque Nublado Santa Lucía) is a cloud forest reserve, located about 80 km northwest of Quito, in the province of Pichincha, in Ecuador.	Santa Lucia Cloud Forest	Ecuador
country	Imovica (pronounced (ˈiːmɔʋitsa)) is a small settlement southwest of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Imovica	Slovenia
country	Gornji Banjevac (Cyrillic: Горњи Бањевац) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornji Banjevac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Mar del Plata International Film Festival (Spanish: Festival Internacional de Cine de Mar del Plata) is an international film festival that takes place every November in the city of Mar del Plata, Argentina.	Mar del Plata International Film Festival	Argentina
country	Walcourt (French pronunciation: ​(walkuʁ)) is a Walloon municipality and town located in Belgium in the province of Namur.	Walcourt	Belgium
country	Vallensbæk station is a railway station on the Køge radial of the S-train network in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Vallensbæk station	Denmark
country	Khalifan District (Persian: بخش خلیفان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khalifan District	Iran
country	Dehqonariq (Persian: دهقان‌اریق‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Dehqonariq	Tajikistan
country	Padshahi Balasiah-e Loop (Persian: پدشاهی بالاسیاه لوپ ‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Padshahi Balasiah-e Loop	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Qarah Bolagh (Persian: مزرعه قره بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Qarah Bolāgh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Qarah Bolagh	Iran
country	Skomielna Biała (skɔˈmjɛlna ˈbjawa) is a large (~ 2750 inhabitants) village situated in southern Poland (Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Myślenice County, Lubień rural commune).	Skomielna Biała	Poland
country	Skare or Skarde is a village in Odda municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Skare	Norway
country	Parsah Su (Persian: پرسه سو‎, also Romanized as Parsah Sū; also known as Shāhābād-e Parsah Sū, Porsesu, and Por Sūsū) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Parsah Su	Iran
country	Aidt is a town and parish in the middle of Jutland, Denmark.	Aidt	Denmark
country	Naparima College (informally known as Naps) is a public secondary school for teenaged boys in Trinidad and Tobago.	Naparima College	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Angammedilla National Park is one of the new national parks in Sri Lanka.	Angammedilla National Park	Sri Lanka
country	Lapmežciems Parish (Latvian: Lapmežciema novads) is an administrative unit of the Engure Municipality, Latvia.	Lapmežciems Parish	Latvia
country	Pelar Dam is a proposed dam located across Nai River in Awaran District of Balochistan, Pakistan.	Pelar Dam	Pakistan
country	Eikefjord is a former municipality in the Sunnfjord district in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Eikefjord	Norway
country	The Toul-Rosières Solar Park is a 115 megawatt (MW) solar farm located at the Toul-Rosières Air Base, in France.	Toul-Rosières Solar Park	France
country	Otepää (formerly Nuustaku) is a town in Valga County, southern Estonia, it is the administrative centre of Otepää Parish.	Otepää	Estonia
country	Morozovsk (Russian: Моро́зовск) is a town and the administrative center of Morozovsky District in Rostov Oblast, Russia, located on the Bystraya River (left tributary of the Seversky Donets), 265 kilometers (165 mi) northeast of Rostov-on-Don, the administrative center of the oblast.	Morozovsk	Russia
country	A 2014 study on Transnational Tobacco Companies (TTCs) penetration of the Bulgarian market after the fall of communism and during that nations accession into the EU concluded that Bulgartabac was involved with smuggling its own cigarettes out of, and back into, Bulgaria to avoid taxation.	Bulgartabac	Bulgaria
country	Nasrabad-e Rutak (Persian: ناصرابادروتك‎, also Romanized as Nāşrābād-e Rūtak) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nasrabad-e Rutak	Iran
country	Żejtun (Maltese: Iż-Żejtun (ɪzˈzɛjtʊn)) is a city in the South Eastern Region of Malta, with a population of 11,508 in March 2014.	Żejtun	Malta
country	Deutschlandhalle was an arena located in the Westend neighbourhood of Berlin, Germany.	Deutschlandhalle	Germany
country	Torngarsoak Mountain is a mountain located 10 km (6 mi) east of Tallek Lake, Labrador, Canada.	Torngarsoak Mountain	Canada
country	Lake Lupche (Russian: Озеро Лупче) is a small lake on the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia near Kandalaksha.	Lake Lupche	Russia
country	Limnitis (Greek: Λιμνίτης; Turkish: Yeşilırmak) is a coastal village in the Tilliria region of north-western Cyprus.	Limnitis	Cyprus
country	Mälarhöjden is a suburb in south-west Stockholm, Sweden.	Mälarhöjden	Sweden
country	Scottish Westminster constituencies were Scottish constituencies of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain, normally at the Palace of Westminster, from 1708 to 1801, and have been constituencies of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, also at Westminster, since 1801.	Scottish Westminster constituencies	United Kingdom
country	Al-Sabe' Biyar (Arabic: السبع بيار‎, also spelled Saba'a Biar) is a locality in central Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northeast of Damascus.	Al-Sabe' Biyar	Syria
country	Werfenweng is a municipality in the St. Johann im Pongau district in the state of Salzburg in Austria.	Werfenweng	Austria
country	Bedër University (BU) is a private non-profit university in Tirana, Albania.	Bedër University	Albania
country	Klukowa Huta (kluˈkɔva ˈxuta) (Kashubian Klëkòwô Hëta, German: Klukowahutta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klukowa Huta	Poland
country	The Waiapu River is a river in the Gisborne District of the North Island of New Zealand, with a total length of approximately 130 kilometres (81 mi).	Waiapu River	New Zealand
country	Phong Nha Cave is a cave in Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam.	Phong Nha Cave	Vietnam
country	The Nelson Police Department is the police force for the City of Nelson, British Columbia, Canada.	Nelson Police Department	Canada
country	Pur Janki (Persian: پورجنكي‎, also Romanized as Pūr Jankī; also known as Pūr Changī and Pūr Jangī) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pur Janki	Iran
country	The Ying River (simplified Chinese: 颖河; traditional Chinese: 潁河; pinyin: Yĭng Hé) is the largest tributary of the Huai River with its origin in Henan Province, People's Republic of China.	Ying River	People's Republic of China
country	Ahaymer (Persian: احيمر‎, also Romanized as Aḩaymer; also known as Ḩamer) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ahaymer	Iran
country	The Kazinczy Street Synagogue of Miskolc is the only surviving synagogue in the city of Miskolc, Hungary, and the only still functioning synagogue of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county.	Synagogue of Miskolc	Hungary
country	Banja Luka City Stadium (Serbian Cyrillic: Градски стадион Бања Лука) is a multi-purpose stadium in Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Banja Luka City Stadium	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hrašné (Hungarian: Rásnyahegy) is a village and municipality in Myjava District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Hrašné	Slovakia
country	Kalonda (Hungarian: Kalonda) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Kalonda	Slovakia
country	Sheraton Imperial Kuala Lumpur is a five star hotel located on Jalan Sultan Ismail in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Sheraton Imperial Kuala Lumpur	Malaysia
country	Hurulu Forest Reserve of Sri Lanka was designated as a biosphere reserve in January 1977.	Hurulu Forest Reserve	Sri Lanka
country	Mowtowr-e Pir Mohammad Borhan Zehi (Persian: موتورپيرمحمدبرهان زهي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Pīr Moḩammad Borhān Zehī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Pir Mohammad Borhan Zehi	Iran
country	The Montagne des Érables, also known as Mont des Érables (translation: Maple Mountain), is a massif located in the Charlevoix-Est regional county municipality in the Charlevoix region of Quebec, Canada.	Montagne des Érables	Canada
country	La Escondida Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto La Escondida, ICAO: SCLE) is a public use airport located 82 kilometres (51 mi) north of Antofagasta, Antofagasta, Chile.	La Escondida Airport	Chile
country	Brygidki is the building of a former Bridgettine nunnery in Lviv, Ukraine.	Brygidki	Ukraine
country	The Fontaine du Roi René is a listed fountain in Aix-en-Provence, Bouches-du-Rhône, France.	Fontaine du Roi René	France
country	Wydrne (pronounced (ˈvɨdrnɛ)) (Ukrainian: Видрне, Vydrne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Wydrne	Poland
country	Cimanie (t͡ɕiˈmaɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Cimanie	Poland
country	Volgograd State University (VolSU, Russian: Волгоградский государственный университет) is one of the leading institutions of higher education in Volgograd, Russia.	Volgograd State University	Russia
country	Gərməşeyli (also, Görməşeyli) is a village in the municipality of Düz Rəsullu in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gərməşeyli	Azerbaijan
country	Petrohué Waterfalls (pronounced petro-WEH; Spanish: Saltos del Petrohué) is a chute-type waterfall in the upper reach of Petrohué River in Chile, a short distance downstream of the source of this river in Todos los Santos Lake.	Petrohué Waterfalls	Chile
country	Żurawiniec-Kolonia (ʐuraˈviɲet͡s kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Żurawiniec-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Children's Memorial Health Institute (Polish: Instytut ``Pomnik - Centrum Zdrowia Dziecka'', literally ``Children's Health Memorial Centre Institute''; CMHI or CZD) is the largest and best-equipped institute of paediatric healthcare in Poland.	Children's Memorial Health Institute	Poland
country	Halleberg is a table mountain by lake Vänern in Vänersborg Municipality, Västergötland, Sweden.	Halleberg	Sweden
country	İsmailağatolu, Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray, Aksaray Province, Turkey.	İsmailağatolu, Aksaray	Turkey
country	Chaftab-e Barmeyun (Persian: چفتاب برميون‎, also Romanized as Chaftāb-e Barmeyūn; also known as Chaftāb) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chaftab-e Barmeyun	Iran
country	Do Saran (Persian: دوسران‎, also Romanized as Do Sarān, Dowsarān, and Dusaran) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Do Saran	Iran
country	Tawi-Tawi (Chavacano: Provincia de Tawi-Tawi; Tagalog: Lalawigan ng Tawi-Tawi) is an island province in the Philippines located in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM).	Tawi-Tawi	Philippines
country	Naut Aran (Occitan pronunciation: (ˈnawt aˈɾan)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Aran in Catalonia, Spain.	Naut Aran	Spain
country	Chaf-e Pain (Persian: چاف پائين‎, also Romanized as Chāf-e Pā’īn; also known as Chāf and Pā’īn Chāf) was a village in Chaf Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chaf-e Pain	Iran
country	Dehesht-e Olya (Persian: دهشت عليا‎, also Romanized as Dehesht-e ``Olyā; also known as Dehesht) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 358, in 84 families.	Dehesht-e Olya	Iran
country	Goulven (Breton: Goulc'hen) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Goulven	France
country	Dreschvitz is a municipality in southwest Vorpommern-Rügen, a district on the island of Rügen in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Dreschvitz	Germany
country	Trollhättan Municipality (Trollhättans kommun or Trollhättans stad) is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden.	Trollhättan Municipality	Sweden
country	Diogo Island is an uninhabited volcanic island in the province of Batanes, the northernmost province in the Philippines.	Diogo Island	Philippines
country	Waimauku is a small locality in the Auckland Region of New Zealand.	Waimauku	New Zealand
country	Gołębin-Wieś (ɡɔˈwɛmbin ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gołębin-Wieś	Poland
country	The Butte-aux-Cailles (a name that could be translated into ``quail hill'', although it originates from its former landowner Pierre Caille, who bought a vineyard here in 1543) is a hilltop neighbourhood of Paris, France located in Paris' south-eastern 13th arrondissement.	Butte-aux-Cailles	France
country	Qalandar Mahalleh (Persian: قلندرمحله‎, also Romanized as Qalandar Maḩalleh) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qalandar Mahalleh	Iran
country	Khar Turan National Park or Touran Wildlife Refuge is a National Park in Iran.	Khar Turan National Park	Iran
country	In Ghar (Arabic: عين غار, lit. Cave spring) is a town and commune, coextensive with the district of In Ghar, in Tamanrasset Province, Algeria.	In Ghar	Algeria
country	Sembikulam is a small village in Tirunelveli district, Tamil Nadu state in southern India.	Sembikulam	India
country	The Prairie Farm Rehabilitation Administration (PFRA) was a branch under Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, a department of the Federal Government of Canada.	Prairie Farm Rehabilitation Administration	Canada
country	The North Galaxy Towers are twin 28-storey skyscrapers on King Albert II Street in the Northern Quarter central business district of Brussels, Belgium.	North Galaxy Towers	Belgium
country	Matetsi is a village in Matabeleland North, Zimbabwe and is located about 55 km west of Hwange.	Matetsi	Zimbabwe
country	Conseil Electoral Provisoire (French pronunciation: ​(kɔ̃sɛj əlɛktɔʁal pʁɔvizwaʁ), Provisional Electoral Council, Haitian Creole: Konsey Elektoral Pwovizwa) is an agency that oversees elections in Haiti.	Conseil Electoral Provisoire	Haiti
country	The former Toodyay Court House in Toodyay, Western Australia has been used as municipal offices for Toodyay since the 1950s.	Toodyay Court House	Australia
country	Khalfaraddin (also, Khalfaradinlu) is a village in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Khalfaraddin	Azerbaijan
country	Sultonobod (Persian: سلطان‌آباد‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Sultonobod	Tajikistan
country	Ballelle is a village in the Cabaret municipality of the Arcahaie, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.	Ballelle	Haiti
country	The Jihad Museum is located in the western provincial capital of Herat in Afghanistan.	Jihad Museum	Afghanistan
country	Akosombo is a small town in the south of Ghana, Eastern Region in the Asuogyaman District, a district in the east of Eastern Region of Ghana.	Akosombo	Ghana
country	Smolensk Nuclear Power Plant (Russian: Смоленская АЭС ( pronunciation )) is a nuclear power station in Russia.	Smolensk Nuclear Power Plant	Russia
country	Calodyne is a neighbourhood located in the Rivière du Rempart District, northern Mauritius.	Calodyne	Mauritius
country	Al-Haqel (Arabic: الحقل‎, also known as Bujaq) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located northeast of Aleppo and south of district center Ayn al-Arab.	Al-Haqel	Syria
country	The Temple of the Sibyl (in Polish, Świątynia Sybilli) is a colonnaded round monopteral temple-like structure at Puławy, Poland, built at the turn of the 19th century as a museum by Izabela Czartoryska.	Temple of the Sibyl	Poland
country	Cirdək (also, Dzhirdek) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cirdək	Azerbaijan
country	The Balsas River (Spanish Río Balsas, also locally known as the Mezcala River, or Atoyac River) is a major river of south-central Mexico.	Balsas River	Mexico
country	Jalan Dato' Abu Bakar is a major road in Petaling Jaya city, Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Dato' Abu Bakar	Malaysia
country	Kids Can Rock and Roll is a children's television program that aired from 1993-1996 on Canada's Global Television Network.	Kids Can Rock and Roll	Canada
country	Qaraçuq (also, Karachik, Karachug, Karachuk, and Karachukh) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Qaraçuq	Azerbaijan
country	Sadeqabad-e Lachari (Persian: صادق ابادلاچري‎, also Romanized as Şādeqābād-e Lācharī and Şadeqābād-e Lāchrī; also known as Lācharī, Lācharī, Şadeqābād, and Şadeqābād) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District, Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sadeqabad-e Lachari	Iran
country	Naizin (Breton: Neizin) is a former commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Naizin	France
country	Chauha is a town in Lamki Chuha Municipality in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.	Chauha	Nepal
country	Weldaad is a community in the Mahaica-Berbice Region of Guyana on the Atlantic Ocean coast, located at 6°29′15``N 57°41′0''W. It contains the areas' post office and a police station.	Weldaad	Guyana
country	François Rabelais University (French: Université François-Rabelais) or University of Tours (Université de Tours), is a public university in Tours, France.	François Rabelais University	France
country	Soubré is a city in southwestern Ivory Coast.	Soubré	Ivory Coast
country	Dejë Mountain (Albanian: Mali i Dejës) is a mountain in northern Albania.	Dejë Mountain	Albania
country	Drużyn (ˈdruʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Drużyn	Poland
country	Zajasovnik (pronounced (zaˈjaːsɔu̯nik)) is a dispersed settlement that is divided between the municipalities of Kamnik and Vransko in Slovenia.	Zajasovnik	Slovenia
country	Skrzaty (ˈskʂatɨ) (German: Schradtheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Skrzaty	Poland
country	Madawaska-la-Vallée was a provincial electoral district which elected one member to the Legislative Assembly (MLA) of New Brunswick, Canada.	Madawaska-la-Vallée	Canada
country	Voisey's Bay Aerodrome, (TC LID: CVB2), is located adjacent to Voisey's Bay Mine, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Voisey's Bay Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Grote rivieren, literally translated Great (or Large) rivers, is a landform in the Netherlands.	Grote rivieren	Netherlands
country	Mowtowr-e Musa Naruyi (Persian: موتورموسي نارويي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mūsá Nārūyī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Musa Naruyi	Iran
country	Muqaba (Arabic: مقابة. Mgaba) is a village in Bahrain.	Muqaba	Bahrain
country	Krasno-Oskol Reservoir (Ukrainian: Червоноскільське водосховище; Russian: Краснооскольское водохранилище, sometimes translated as Chervonooskil -, Krasnooskol'skoye - or Krasno-Oskol'skoe -) is an artificial lake on Oskol River in Kharkiv Oblast, Ukraine.	Krasno-Oskol Reservoir	Ukraine
country	The Minister of State for Europe is an informal name for a position in the Government of the United Kingdom, in charge of affairs with the European Union.	Minister of State for Europe	United Kingdom
country	Sarıaydın (also known as Sarıaydınlı) is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Sarıaydın	Turkey
country	Khongor-Biye (Russian: Хонгор-Бие) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Salbansky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 72 kilometers (45 mi) from Namtsy, the administrative center of the district.	Khongor-Biye	Russia
country	Ennadai is a former populated place in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Ennadai	Canada
country	Lilla Edet is a locality and the seat of Lilla Edet Municipality in Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Lilla Edet	Sweden
country	Weka Pass is a gorge located in the northern Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island between the towns of Waipara and Waikari.	Weka Pass	New Zealand
country	A yearly sporting high point is the Quattroball-Turnier staged by SC Memmelsdorf 1997 e. V. To this meet come up to 400 players in about 100 teams from all over Germany to play the champions in the four different disciplines, volleyball, basketball, handball and soccer fussball.	Memmelsdorf	Germany
country	Cortona Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Cortona, Concattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Cortona, Tuscany, central Italy, dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary.	Cortona Cathedral	Italy
country	Lipar (Serbian Cyrillic: Липар) is a village in the Kula municipality, in the West Bačka District, Vojvodina province, Serbia.	Lipar	Serbia
country	Gwynedd Council (Welsh: Cyngor Gwynedd) is the governing body for the principal area of Gwynedd, one of the subdivisions of Wales within the United Kingdom.	Gwynedd Council	United Kingdom
country	The Linz Open, currently sponsored by Generali Gruppe, is a tennis tournament held in Linz, Austria.	Linz Open	Austria
country	Æðuvík (from Æða meaning ``duck'' and vík meaning ``bay'') is a community, located on the southernmost tip of Eysturoy island of the Faroe Islands.	Æðuvík	Faroe Islands
country	Serra do Marão located in the border between Trás-os-Montes and Douro Litoral regions, is the sixth highest mountain in Continental Portugal, rising up to 1415 meters	Serra do Marão	Portugal
country	St. Gregorios Orthodox Cathedral, Bangalore is a Syrian Orthodox Christian Cathedral located near Johnson market in Richmond town in Bangalore city, India.	St. Gregorios Orthodox Cathedral, Bangalore	India
country	Nauendorf is a village and a former municipality in the Saalekreis district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Nauendorf	Germany
country	The Mantiqueira Mountains (Portuguese: Serra da Mantiqueira) are a mountain range in Southeastern Brazil, with parts in the states of São Paulo, Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro.	Mantiqueira Mountains	Brazil
country	Tuulos (Swedish: Tulois) is a former municipality of Finland.	Tuulos	Finland
country	Smrje (pronounced (ˈsməɾjɛ); Italian: Smeria) is a village south of Prem in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Smrje	Slovenia
country	Ruzhintsi (Bulgarian: Ружинци, pronounced (ruʒint͡si); also transliterated Ružinci, Ruzhinci, Ruzhintzi, Rujinci, Rujintsi, Rujintzi, etc.) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vidin Province.	Ruzhintsi	Bulgaria
country	Mannar Island (Tamil: மன்னார் தீவு; Sinhalese: මන්නාරම් දූපත) formerly called Manar Island, is part of Mannar District, Sri Lanka.	Mannar Island	Sri Lanka
country	Frontenac Secondary School is a high school in the west-end of Kingston, Ontario, Canada, operated by the Limestone District School Board.	Frontenac Secondary School	Canada
country	Bonaventure Airport (IATA: YVB, ICAO: CYVB) is located 1.6 nautical miles (3.0 km; 1.8 mi) northeast of Bonaventure, Quebec, Canada.	Bonaventure Airport	Canada
country	The Hokonui Hills, also known as The Hokonui Mountains or simply The Hokonui, are a range of hills in northern Southland, New Zealand.	Hokonui Hills	New Zealand
country	Taining County (simplified Chinese: 泰宁县; traditional Chinese: 泰寧縣; pinyin: Tàiníng Xiàn) is a county in Sanming City, Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Taining County	People's Republic of China
country	Pirongia Forest Park is a protected area 30 km southwest of Hamilton, New Zealand.	Pirongia Forest Park	New Zealand
country	Makhshar (Persian: مخشر‎, also Romanized as Mokhshar; also known as Maḩchar) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Makhshar	Iran
country	Gmina Rajcza is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, on the Slovak border.	Gmina Rajcza	Poland
country	Korczmin (ˈkɔrt͡ʂmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Korczmin	Poland
country	Aitutaki Airport is an airport on Aitutaki in the Cook Islands (IATA: AIT, ICAO: NCAI).	Aitutaki Airport	Cook Islands
country	Yeoksam-dong is a ward of Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Yeoksam-dong	South Korea
country	The Château de Bourdeilles is a castle located in the commune of Bourdeilles in the Dordogne département in southwestern France.	Château de Bourdeilles	France
country	Dowkana (Persian: دوكانا‎, also Romanized as Dowkānā; also known as Dokāneh) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dowkana	Iran
country	Sop Moei (Thai: สบเมย) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Sop Moei District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Sop Moei	Thailand
country	Hajiabad, Nosratabad (Persian: حاجی‌آباد ‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District (Sistan and Baluchestan Province), in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hajiabad, Nosratabad	Iran
country	At the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001, Rothbury had a population of 1,740, increasing to 2,107 at the 2011 Census.	Rothbury	United Kingdom
country	Bilimora is a city situated on the banks of the river Ambika, in Gandevi taluka and Navsari district of Gujarat state in India.	Bilimora	India
country	The Glyptothek is a museum in Munich, Germany, which was commissioned by the Bavarian King Ludwig I to house his collection of Greek and Roman sculptures (hence γλυπτο- glypto- ``sculpture'', from the Greek verb γλύφειν glyphein ``to carve'').	Glyptothek	Germany
country	The Fundy Islands, also known as the Fundy Isles, is a term given to a group of Canadian islands in the Bay of Fundy along the southwestern coast of New Brunswick, Canada, in the provincial county of Charlotte.	Fundy Islands	Canada
country	Wee Waa (pronounced ``Wee War'', /ˈwɪ wɒ/) is a town located on the north-western slopes of the New England region in New South Wales, Australia.	Wee Waa	Australia
country	Palma Soriano is a Cuban city and municipality in the Santiago de Cuba Province.	Palma Soriano	Cuba
country	Sohrablu (Persian: سهرابلو‎, also Romanized as Sohrāblū) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sohrablu	Iran
country	Kot Ismail is a small village, situated in the area of Chiniot District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Kot Ismail	Pakistan
country	The Gräshagen Church (Swedish: Gräshagskyrkan) is a church building at Gräshagen in Jönköping, Sweden.	Gräshagen Church	Sweden
country	Colegio Niño Jesús de Praga (English: School of the Baby Jesus of Prague), officially known as the Escuela Particular N° 11 Niño Jesús de Praga is a Chilean primary and secondary school located in Rancagua, Cachapoal Province, Chile.	Colegio Niño Jesús de Praga	Chile
country	Mazraeh-ye Mahbati (Persian: مزرعه محبتي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Maḩbatī) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 11 families.	Mazraeh-ye Mahbati	Iran
country	Wiluyuq Qucha (Quechua wilu dry maize reed, -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership, wiluyuq the one with dry maize reed, qucha lake, hispanicized spelling Veluyoc Cocha) is a lake in the Andes of Peru.	Wiluyuq Qucha	Peru
country	Bedok Stadium is a football stadium located in the Bedok area of Singapore.	Bedok Stadium	Singapore
country	Boljak (Persian: بلجك‎; also known as Bowljak) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Boljak	Iran
country	With 1.4 million registered voters, Athens B elected 44 Members of Parliament (MPs) (as of September 2015) by reinforced proportional representation and is the largest constituency in Greece.	Athens B	Greece
country	Paseo de los Lagos is a lake and public path located in the city of Xalapa in Veracruz state in eastern Mexico.	Paseo de los Lagos	Mexico
country	Noyabrsk (Russian: Ноя́брьск) is the largest city in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located in the middle of the West Siberian oil fields, on the Tyumen--	Noyabrsk	Russia
country	Gwangju Metro (Hangul: 광주 도시철도; hanja: 光州都市鐵道) is the rapid transit system of Gwangju, South Korea, operated by the Gwangju Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation (GRTC, or Gwangju Metro).	Gwangju Metro	South Korea
country	Fifeshire FM was a Nelson, New Zealand radio station owned by RadioWorks.	Fifeshire FM	New Zealand
country	Banteay Kdei (Khmer: ប្រាសាទបន្ទាយក្តី; Prasat Banteay Kdei), meaning ``A Citadel of Chambers'', also known as ``Citadel of Monks' cells'', is a Buddhist temple in Angkor, Cambodia.	Banteay Kdei	Cambodia
country	The Pinnacle Mall is a large mixed-used development in the city of Nasik, Maharashtra, South West India.	Pinnacle Mall	India
country	Yallahs is a town located on the southeastern coast of Jamaica in the parish of St Thomas and is home to an estimated 10,000 inhabitants.	Yallahs	Jamaica
country	The Valea Pordei River or Pârâul Parde (Hungarian: Párdépatak) is a tributary of the Arieș River in Romania.	Valea Pordei River	Romania
country	Narai Dam (Japanese: 奈良井ダム) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1982.	Narai Dam	Japan
country	Chynorany (Hungarian: Kinorány) is a village and municipality in Partizánske District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Chynorany	Slovakia
country	Saint-Vran (Breton: Sant-Vran, Gallo: Saent-Veran) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Saint-Vran	France
country	Veobrehesten is the 61st highest mountain in Norway, and the last of the Norwegian peaks higher than 2000 meters to be ascended, in 1949.	Veobrehesten	Norway
country	Pęchery (pɛ̃ˈxɛrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pęchery	Poland
country	Montréal-Hochelaga was a former provincial electoral district in the Montreal region of Quebec, Canada that elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.	Montréal-Hochelaga	Canada
country	Government College, Sanjauli, Shimla-6, is a college located in Himachal Pradesh, India.	Government College, Sanjauli	India
country	Bəxtiyarlı (also, Bakhtiyarly) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bəxtiyarlı	Azerbaijan
country	Čimhová is a village and municipality in Tvrdošín District in the Žilina Region of the northern Slovakia.	Čimhová	Slovakia
country	The Sawai Mansingh Stadium is a cricket stadium in Jaipur, Rajasthan, India.	Sawai Mansingh Stadium	India
country	Sheepwash Urban Park is a Local Nature Reserve (LNR), situated in Sandwell Metropolitan Borough, in the West Midlands conurbation of the United Kingdom.	Sheepwash Urban Park	United Kingdom
country	Solingen (German pronunciation: (ˈzoːlɪŋən)) is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Solingen	Germany
country	Niževec (pronounced (ˈniːʒɛʋəts)) is a small settlement southeast of Borovnica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Niževec	Slovenia
country	Gródek-Dwór (ˈɡrudɛk ˈdvur) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gródek-Dwór	Poland
country	Ħaġar Qim (Maltese pronunciation: (ħadʒar ˈʔiːm); ``Standing/Worshipping Stones'') is a megalithic temple complex found on the Mediterranean island of Malta, dating from the Ġgantija phase (3600-3200 BC).	Ħaġar Qim	Malta
country	San Martiño (Saint Martin) is a small island off the north coast of Galician, Spain, at the mouth of the Sor river and the beginning of Ría (estuary) of O Barqueiro.	San Martiño	Spain
country	Österskär is eastern part of Åkersberga, Österåker Municipality in Sweden.	Österskär	Sweden
country	Saillat-sur-Vienne (French pronunciation: ​(sajasyʁvjɛn); Occitan: Salhac, pronounced (saˈʎak, saˈjak), locally: (ʃɔˈjak)) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Saillat-sur-Vienne	France
country	Wiar or Vihor is a left tributary of the San River in southeastern Poland and Ukraine.	Wiar	Poland
country	Jordan Park, also known as Jordan's Garden or Park Jordana, was established in 1889 as the first public playground in Kraków, Poland, and the first of its kind in Europe.	Jordan Park	Poland
country	The Anthony Power Development Scheme, part of the Pieman River power development scheme, was a proposed scheme for damming parts of the upper catchment of the Pieman River in Western Tasmania, Australia.	Anthony Power Development	Australia
country	The Great Morava (Serbian: Велика Морава / Velika Morava, pronounced (vêlikaː mɔ̌rava)) is the final section of the Morava (Cyrillic: Морава), a major river system in Serbia.	Great Morava	Serbia
country	Lake Sevan (Armenian: Սևանա լիճ, Sevana lič̣) is the largest body of water in Armenia and the Caucasus region.	Lake Sevan	Armenia
country	Kamuning Road is a short road located in Quezon City, Philippines.	Kamuning Road	Philippines
country	Holiki (xɔˈliki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Holiki	Poland
country	Maszów Górny (ˈmaʂuf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Maszów Górny	Poland
country	Santiago (/ˌsæntiˈɑːɡoʊ/; Spanish pronunciation: (sanˈtjaɣo)), also known as Santiago de Chile (sanˈtjaɣo ðe ˈtʃile), is the capital and largest city of Chile.	Santiago	Chile
country	Biawak (also known as Kampung Biawak) is a settlement in Sarawak, Malaysia.	Biawak	Malaysia
country	Viannos (Greek: Βιάννος) is a municipality in the Heraklion regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Viannos	Greece
country	Irgenhausen Castrum is a Roman fort in Irgenhausen, Switzerland.	Irgenhausen Castrum	Switzerland
country	Fréthun (Francization of Free Town) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Fréthun	France
country	Ładawy (waˈdavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ładawy	Poland
country	Kigali-Rural Province, known in Kinyarwanda as Kigali-Ngali, was a province that surrounds the city of Kigali, Rwanda.	Kigali-Rural Province	Rwanda
country	The Brogberg is a hill, 567 metres high, in the Palatine Forest in Germany.	Brogberg	Germany
country	Teniente Manuel Clavero District (Spanish teniente lieutenant) is one of four districts of the Putumayo Province in Peru.	Teniente Manuel Clavero District	Peru
country	Ein Hemed is a national park and nature reserve in the hills seven kilometers west of Jerusalem, Israel.	Ein Hemed	Israel
country	The Clerk of the Senate and Clerk of the Parliaments is the chief clerk and senior administrative officer of the Senate of Canada.	Clerk of the Senate	Canada
country	Yanuv (Hebrew: יָנוּב, lit. (He) will Come Forth) is a moshav in central Israel.	Yanuv	Israel
country	Kelmė District Municipality is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania, located in western part of Lithuania.	Kelmė District Municipality	Lithuania
country	Putla District is located in the west of the Sierra Sur Region of the State of Oaxaca, Mexico.	Putla District	Mexico
country	Klepini (Greek: Κλεπίνη, Turkish: Arapköy) is a village in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus.	Klepini	Cyprus
country	El Beïda (sometimes written El Bayada) is a village in the commune of El Ouata, in Béchar Province, Algeria.	El Beïda	Algeria
country	The Route nationale 24 is a highway in western France.	Route nationale 24	France
country	Gabelian was a region and family of the old Armenia c. 400--800.	Gabelian	Armenia
country	Kendelek (Persian: كندلك‎) is a village in Farim Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kendelek	Iran
country	Yan Cheshmeh (Persian: يان چشمه‎, also Romanized as Yān Cheshmeh and Yān Chashmeh; also known as Halīleh and Yātcheshmeh) is a village in Zayandeh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Ben District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Yan Cheshmeh	Iran
country	Ferrara Cathedral (Italian: Basilica Cattedrale di San Giorgio, Duomo di Ferrara) is a Roman Catholic cathedral and minor basilica in Ferrara, Northern Italy.	Ferrara Cathedral	Italy
country	Ebrahim Beygi (Persian: ابراهيم بيگي‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Beygī) is a village in Tankaman Rural District, Tankaman District, Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Ebrahim Beygi	Iran
country	Lhoknga, (pronunciation ``lhoʔ-ŋa'', alternative names Lho'nga, Lho-nga, Lhok Nga), is a town within the district of the same name, in Aceh Besar Regency, Aceh Special Region, Indonesia, located on the western side of the island of Sumatra, 13 km southwest of Banda Aceh.	Lhoknga	Indonesia
country	The Cape Sorell Lighthouse is a heritage-listed lighthouse that is located on Cape Sorell in the West Coast region of Tasmania, Australia.	Cape Sorell Lighthouse	Australia
country	Skandawa (skanˈdava) (German Skandau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Skandawa	Poland
country	Sinai University (Arabic: جامعة سيناء) is a private university in Sinai, Egypt.	Sinai University	Egypt
country	Louage are minibus share taxis in Tunisia.	Louage	Tunisia
country	Mazraeh-ye Kuman (Persian: مزرعه كومان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kūmān) is a village in Dalgan Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Kuman	Iran
country	Leszczyniak (lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨɲak) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Leszczyniak	Poland
country	Gragoatá is one of the 48 administrative districts in the city Niterói, Rio de Janeiro in Brazil.	Gragoatá	Brazil
country	Fort Walsh is a National Historic Site of Canada that was a North-West Mounted Police (NWMP) fort and the site of the Cypress Hills Massacre.	Fort Walsh	Canada
country	Tołoczki Wielkie (tɔˈwɔt͡ʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Tołoczki Wielkie	Poland
country	The South American Business Forum, also known as 'SABF', is an annual conference that takes place at the Instituto Tecnológico de Buenos Aires in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	South American Business Forum	Argentina
country	Hezar Mashki (Persian: هزارمشكي‎, also Romanized as Hezār Mashkī; also known as Tall Bozān-e Hezār Mīshī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hezar Mashki	Iran
country	Adamowo-Osiedle (adaˈmɔvɔ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Adamowo-Osiedle	Poland
country	The Royal Concertgebouw (Dutch: Koninklijk Concertgebouw, pronounced (ˌkoːnɪnklək kɔnˈsɛrt.xəˌbʌu̯)) is a concert hall in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Concertgebouw	Netherlands
country	Gerdeh Pey-e Ajam (Persian: گرده پي اجم‎, also Romanized as Gerdeh Pey-e Ājam; also known as Gerd Pey) is a village in Ajam Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gerdeh Pey-e Ajam	Iran
country	CHIB was a volunteer-run radio station in Chibougamau, Quebec, Canada, located at CFS Chibougamau, a military radar installation that formed part of the Pine Tree Line.	CHIB	Canada
country	8 House (Danish: 8 Tallet), also known as Big House, is a large mixed-use development built in the shape of a figure 8 on the southern perimeter of the new suburb of Ørestad in Copenhagen, Denmark.	8 House	Denmark
country	Colmar-Berg (Luxembourgish: Colmer-Bierg, German: Colmar-Berg) is a commune and town in central Luxembourg, in the canton of Mersch.	Colmar-Berg	Luxembourg
country	Bamra State or Bamanda State, covering an area of 5149 km², was one of the Princely states of India during the period of the British Raj, its capital was in Debagarh (Deogarh).	Bamra State	India
country	Saline Island is a small islet between Grenada and Carriacou (Grenadines), owned by the John family, of Harvey Vale, Carriacou.	Saline Island	Grenada
country	Foxton Beach is a small settlement in the Horowhenua District of the Manawatu-Wanganui region of New Zealand's North Island.	Foxton Beach	New Zealand
country	Hora Cero was a comic magazine published in Argentina in the 50s.	Hora Cero	Argentina
country	Birat Science Campus is a school of science and technology in Nepal.	Birat Science Campus	Nepal
country	Limousin (French pronunciation: (limuzɛ̃); ) is a former administrative region of France.	Limousin	France
country	Pa Brayong (also known as Pa Bryong or Pa Berayong) is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Pa Brayong	Malaysia
country	The Ramlat al-Sab'atayn (Arabic رملة السبعتين) is a region of desert in north-central Yemen.	Ramlat al-Sab'atayn	Yemen
country	The Belvedere auf dem Klausberg is a building in Sanssouci Park in Potsdam, Germany that is open to the public.	Belvedere auf dem Klausberg	Germany
country	Ålfoten Church (Norwegian: Ålfoten kyrkje) is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Ålfoten Church	Norway
country	Moanda Airport (IATA: MFF, ICAO: FOOD) is an airport serving Moanda, a town in the Haut-Ogooué Province in Gabon.	Moanda Airport	Gabon
country	The Republic of China Naval Academy (CNA; Chinese: 中華民國海軍軍官學校; pinyin: Zhōnghuámínguó Hǎijūn Jūnguān Xuéxiào) is the military academy for the navy of the Republic of China (Taiwan), and is located at Zuoying District, Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.	Republic of China Naval Academy	Taiwan
country	Valea Largă (formerly Ţicud; Hungarian: Mezőceked, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmɛzøːtsɛkɛd)) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania that is composed of nine villages:	Valea Largă	Romania
country	The Brusselpoort (Dutch: Brussels Gate) is the sole remaining city gate of the original twelve gates of the city of Mechelen, Belgium.	Brusselpoort	Belgium
country	Piechcin (ˈpʲɛxt͡ɕin) (German: Hansdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Piechcin	Poland
country	Kościelna Góra (kɔɕˈt͡ɕelna ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kościelna Góra	Poland
country	Karcag is a large town in Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok county, in the Northern Great Plain region of central Hungary.	Karcag	Hungary
country	The NATO Missile Firing Installation or NAMFI (Greek: Πεδίο Βολής Κρήτης) is an extensive missile firing range located at Souda Bay on the island of Crete, Greece.	NATO Missile Firing Installation	Greece
country	Taraklı is a historic district in northwestern Turkey.	Taraklı	Turkey
country	Tnuvot (Hebrew: תְּנוּבוֹת, lit. Crops; Arabic: تنوفوت‎) is a moshav in central Israel.	Tnuvot	Israel
country	Maryinsko (Russian: Марьинско) is a village in Plyussky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia.	Maryinsko	Russia
country	Barnhusviken (Swedish for ``the Orphanage Bay'') is a body of water in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Barnhusviken	Sweden
country	Kenidjack Valley (Cornish: Keunyjek, meaning place abounding in firewood),sometimes referred to as Nancherrow Valley (Cornish: Nanj Erow, meaning acre valley), is a steep-sided valley in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Kenidjack Valley	United Kingdom
country	Pradamano (Friulian: Pradaman) is a town and comune in the province of Udine, north-eastern Italy.	Pradamano	Italy
country	Weston Airport or Aerfort Weston is a publicly licensed general aviation airport serving Dublin, Ireland and surrounding areas.	Weston Airport	Ireland
country	The municipality and town of Totatiche is located in the northern extreme of the state of Jalisco, Mexico between 21°48''30'' and 22°06''00'' latitude north and 103°20''00'' and 103°34''00'' longitude east at a height of 1,751 meters (5,745 ft) above sea level.	Totatiche	Mexico
country	Khirlepposi or Khirleppos' Melesh (Russian: Хирлеппоси; Chuvash: Хирлеппуç Мĕлĕш, Hirleppuş Mĕlĕš) is a rural locality (a village) in Tautovskoye Rural Settlement of Alikovsky District of the Chuvash Republic, Russia, located 6 kilometers (3.7 mi) west of Alikovo, the administrative center of the district.	Khirlepposi	Russia
country	Sawaga River is a river in Central Bukidnon, Philippines on the island of Mindanao.	Sawaga River	Philippines
country	The Gulf of Saint-Malo is a part of the south-western English Channel between Brittany, France and the island of Jersey.	Gulf of Saint-Malo	France
country	Bettembourg railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Beetebuerg, French: Gare de Bettembourg, German: Bahnhof Bettemburg) is a railway station serving Bettembourg, in southern Luxembourg.	Bettembourg railway station	Luxembourg
country	The Château d'Heilly are the listed ruins of a historic castle in Heilly, Somme, Picardy, France.	Château d'Heilly	France
country	Daebawisan (Gangwon-do) is a mountain of South Korea.	Daebawisan	South Korea
country	Kissufim (Hebrew: כִּסּוּפִים, lit. Yearning) is a community in the northwestern Negev desert in Israel.	Kissufim	Israel
country	Sinnam Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 2 and Line 3 in Daesin-dong, Dongsan-dong, and Namsan-dong, Jung District, Daegu, South Korea.	Sinnam Station	South Korea
country	The Montreal Diocesan Theological College (known as Dio) is the theological seminary of the Anglican Diocese of Montreal, Canada.	Montreal Diocesan Theological College	Canada
country	The Transylvanian Plateau (Romanian: Podişul Transilvaniei, Hungarian: Erdélyi-medence) is a plateau in central Romania.	Transylvanian Plateau	Romania
country	Kang-e Molla Abdollah (Persian: كنگ ملاعبداله‎, also Romanized as Kang-e Mollā ``Abdollāh) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 177, in 31 families.	Kang-e Molla Abdollah	Iran
country	Tumlingtar Airport (IATA: TMI, ICAO: VNTR), also known as Tumling Tar Airport, is an airport serving Tumlingtar, a city in Nepal.	Tumlingtar Airport	Nepal
country	Búrfellshyrna is a mountain in the Svarfaðardalur in northern Iceland.	Búrfellshyrna	Iceland
country	Vilniaus Gedimino technikos universitetas (Vilnius Gediminas Technical University), also known as VGTU, is a public university in Vilnius, Lithuania.	Vilnius Gediminas Technical University	Lithuania
country	Assisi Vidyaniketan is a public school situated in Kakkanad, Kochi in the state of Kerala, India.	Assisi Vidyaniketan	India
country	Dar os Salam (Persian: دارالسلام‎, also Romanized as Dār os Salām) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dar os Salam	Iran
country	Perloz is a town and comune in the Aosta Valley region of northwestern Italy.	Perloz	Italy
country	Le Journal de Québec is a French-language daily newspaper in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	Le Journal de Québec	Canada
country	Calasparra (Spanish: (kalasˈpara), locally: (kalaʰˈpːara)) is a municipality in the autonomous community of Murcia, Spain.	Calasparra	Spain
country	The Jamaraat Bridge (Arabic: جسر الجمرات‎; transliterated: Jisr Al-Jamaraat) is a pedestrian bridge in Mina, Saudi Arabia, near Mecca used by Muslims during the Stoning of the Devil ritual of the Hajj.	Jamaraat Bridge	Saudi Arabia
country	East Vancouver (also ``East Van'' or the ``East Side'' or the ``East End'') is a region within the City of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	East Vancouver	Canada
country	The Highway 7 Rapidway in Regional Municipality of York, Ontario, Canada, is a bus rapid transit system that runs from Richmond Hill Centre Terminal in Richmond Hill to Warden Avenue in Markham.	Highway 7 Rapidway	Canada
country	Port Said Airport (IATA: PSD, ICAO: HEPS) serves the city of Port Said, Egypt, at the north end of the Suez Canal.	Port Said Airport	Egypt
country	P.Naidu Palem is a village in Chimakurthi mandal, located in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	P.Naidu Palem	India
country	Tel Yosef (Hebrew: תֵּל יוֹסֵף, lit. Yosef Mond) is a kibbutz in north-eastern Israel.	Tel Yosef	Israel
country	L'Île-Saint-Denis (i.e. the Saint-Denis island) is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris, France.	L'Île-Saint-Denis	France
country	Veli Lošinj (Italian: Lussingrande, German: Groß-Lötzing, Venetian: Lusingrande), is a village on the island of Lošinj in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County in western Croatia.	Veli Lošinj	Croatia
country	Bukovo (Macedonian: Буково, pronounced (ˈbukɔvɔ)) is a village in the Bitola municipality approximately three kilometers distance from the city of Bitola in the Republic of Macedonia.	Bukovo	Macedonia
country	The Ghergheasa River is a tributary of Lake Amara (Buzău River) in Romania.	Ghergheasa River	Romania
country	Osmore River (also Moquegua, Ilo, or Tumilaca) system flows northeast to southwest in the Moquegua Region of southern coastal Peru.	Osmore River	Peru
country	Mazunte is a small beach town on the Pacific coast in Oaxaca, Mexico (15.66485°N 96.55388°W).	Mazunte	Mexico
country	The St. Lawrence Market South building is a major public market building in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	St. Lawrence Market South	Canada
country	Festhalle Frankfurt is a multi-purpose arena located in Frankfurt, Germany.	Festhalle Frankfurt	Germany
country	Tamtoraq (Persian: طمطراق‎, also Romanized as Tamţorāq; also known as Tamtorāb-e Qarānqū and Tamţorābī) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tamtoraq	Iran
country	Located on the isolated west coast of Espiritu Santo, Mount Tabwemasana is not only the highest peak in Vanuatu, but also one of the highest mountains in the Pacific.	Mount Tabwemasana	Vanuatu
country	Thadiya is a small village along the Mahendra Highway in eastern Nepal.	Thadiya	Nepal
country	Worcester Park House, built in 1607, whose ruins are in Surrey, in the United Kingdom, was one of the residences of the 4th Earl of Worcester, who was appointed Keeper of the Great Park in 1606.	Worcester Park House	United Kingdom
country	The La Ngà River (Vietnamese: Sông La Ngà) is a river of southern Vietnam.	La Ngà River	Vietnam
country	Zagradinje (Serbian Cyrillic: Заградиње) is a village in the municipality of Ravno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zagradinje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Trade Centre 2 (Arabic: المركز التجاري الثانية‎), also known as Dubai Financial Centre, is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Trade Centre 2	United Arab Emirates
country	The Great Ngaruawahia Music Festival was the first large outdoor music festival in New Zealand.	The Great Ngaruawahia Music Festival	New Zealand
country	The Queenstown Trail or Queenstown Trail is a cycle and walking trail funded as one of the projects of the New Zealand Cycle Trail (NZCT) system in Otago, New Zealand.	The Queenstown Trail	New Zealand
country	Gare de Valenciennes is a railway station serving the town of Valenciennes, Nord, France.	Gare de Valenciennes	France
country	Golra Sharif Junction railway station (Urdu: گولڑہ شریف جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located on Golra road in Islamabad, The federal capital of the Pakistan.	Golra Sharif Junction railway station	Pakistan
country	Jemo Island Atoll (Marshallese: Jemo̧ or Jāmo̧, (tʲææ̯mʲæ͡ɒɒ̯)) is an uninhabited coral island in the Pacific Ocean, in the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands north-east of Likiep Atoll.	Jemo Island	Marshall Islands
country	The Committee for Sustainable Retirement Incomes is an independent, non-partisan, non-profit organisation committed to improving the adequacy and sustainability of retirement incomes in Australia.	Committee for Sustainable Retirement Incomes	Australia
country	Zaloora is a village (of over 6,000) in northern Baramulla district, Jammu and Kashmir (J&K), India, approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) from Sopore.	Zaloora	India
country	Sui Airport (IATA: SUL, ICAO: OPSU) is located at Sui in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Sui Airport	Pakistan
country	The Rembrandt House Museum (Dutch: Museum Het Rembrandthuis) is a historic house and art museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Rembrandt House Museum	Netherlands
country	Pokrówka (pɔˈkrufka) is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pokrówka	Poland
country	Xcaret (Mayan pronunciation: (iʃ.ka'ɾet)) is a Maya civilization archaeological site located on the Caribbean coastline of the Yucatán Peninsula, in the modern-day state of Quintana Roo in Mexico.	Xcaret	Mexico
country	Beit Yehoshua (Hebrew: בֵּית יְהוֹשֻעַ, lit. House of Yehoshua) is a moshav in central Israel.	Beit Yehoshua	Israel
country	Rudaki District or Nohiyai Rudaki (Tajik: Ноҳияи Рӯдакӣ/Persian: ناحیهٔ رودکی‎) is a district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan.	Rudaki District	Tajikistan
country	Penwith (Cornish: Pennwydh) is an area of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, located on the peninsula of the same name.	Penwith	United Kingdom
country	The Islamic Schools of Victoria, or otherwise known as Al-Taqwa College, is a primary and secondary school located on Sayers Road, in Truganina, Victoria, outside Melbourne, Australia.	The Islamic Schools of Victoria	Australia
country	Chatyr-Kul (also Chatyr Köl, Chatyrkol, Kyrgyz: Чатыркөл) is an endorheic alpine lake in the Tian Shan mountains in At-Bashi District of Naryn Province, Kyrgyzstan; it lies in the lower part of Chatyr-Kul Depression near the Torugart Pass border crossing into China.	Chatyr-Kul	Kyrgyzstan
country	The London School of Philosophy is an independent adult education college located in London, United Kingdom.	London School of Philosophy	United Kingdom
country	The Canton of Vimy was a canton in northern France, in the Pas-de-Calais département.	Canton of Vimy	France
country	Zahara de los Atunes is a village on the Costa de la Luz of Spain in the province of Cádiz and the autonomous region of Andalusia.	Zahara de los Atunes	Spain
country	Agordat Airport (IATA: HHAG) is an airstrip serving Agordat, Eritrea.	Agordat Airport	Eritrea
country	The Veneția River, Venezia in Italian, (Romanian pronunciation: (veneˈtsi.a)) is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.	Veneția River	Romania
country	Kastri-Loutro (Greek: Καστρί-Λουτρό) is a settlement of the department of the beach of Aigani, a former municipal district of Kato Olympos, which is part of the municipality of Tempi in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Kastri-Loutro	Greece
country	Ciringa (pronounced (ˈtsiːɾiŋɡa)) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Kungota in the western part of the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in northeastern Slovenia, right on the border with Austria.	Ciringa	Slovenia
country	Aiguá (Spanish pronunciation: (aiˈɣwa)) is a city of the Maldonado Department in Uruguay.	Aiguá	Uruguay
country	Dəyirmanlı (also, Dagirmanly and Dayrmanly) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dəyirmanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Guzalan (Persian: گوزالان‎, also Romanized as Gūzalān; also known as Gavzalān, Gāvzāleh, Goozalan, and Gūzlān) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Guzalan	Iran
country	Joghri (Persian: جغري‎, also Romanized as Joghrī; also known as Joghar) is a village in Kenevist Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Joghri	Iran
country	The Father Saturnino Urios University (FSUU) is a Roman Catholic private university run by the Diocese of Butuan in Butuan City, Philippines.	Father Saturnino Urios University	Philippines
country	The San Luis Obispo de Tolosa Parish Church (also Saint Louis of Toulouse Parish Church), commonly known as the Lucban Church, is a Roman Catholic parish church located in Lucban, Quezon, Philippines under the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lucena.	Lucban Church	Philippines
country	Gadap (Urdu: گڈاپ ‎,Sindhi: گڏاپ ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gadap Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Gadap	Pakistan
country	Ytterskogen is a village in Rakkestad municipality, Norway, located in the agricultural area south of Rakkestad village and halfway to Ise.	Ytterskogen	Norway
country	Combined Military Hospitals (CMHs) are base hospitals of Pakistan Armed Forces situated in various cantonments.	Combined Military Hospital	Pakistan
country	Acquafraggia (also Acqua Fraggia) is a short and frequently steep torrente, or seasonal stream, of the province of Sondrio in Lombardy, north Italy.	Acquafraggia	Italy
country	Santa Gertrudis-Boca del Infierno Provincial Park, legally Santa-Boca Provincial Park, is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.	Santa Gertrudis-Boca del Infierno Provincial Park	Canada
country	Kocmyrzów (kɔt͡sˈmɨʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kocmyrzów	Poland
country	Kharrazi Expressway is an expressway in Esfahan, Iran.	Kharrazi Expressway	Iran	Iran
country	Lubań (ˈlubaɲ) (German: Lauban) is a town in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship in southwest Poland.	Lubań	Poland
country	Dulgan (Persian: دولگان‎, also Romanized as Dūlgān and Dūlogān; also known as Dūlenjān-e Peyvandī and Dūlūgān) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dulgan	Iran
country	The Karrakatta Club is a women's club in Perth, Western Australia.	Karrakatta Club	Australia
country	Michurinsk (Russian: Мичу́ринск) is the second most populous town in Tambov Oblast, Russia.	Michurinsk	Russia
country	Lübecker Yacht-Club (Lübeck Yacht Club) is a yacht club in Germany.	Lübecker Yacht-Club	Germany
country	Museum Drohobychchyna (officially known as Drohobych Museum of Local Studies or The Drohobych Museum of Local Lore, commonly called the Drohobych Museum) is a museum in Drohobych, Ukraine, is a major cultural and educational centre of the Lviv Region.	Drohobych Museum	Ukraine
country	Loyat (Breton: Louad) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Loyat	France
country	The Brothers Volcano is a Pacific Ocean submarine volcano in the Kermadec Arc, 340 kilometres north east of New Zealand's Whakaari/White Island.	Brothers Volcano	New Zealand
country	Chaumont-sur-Loire is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher département in central France known for its historical defensive walls.	Chaumont-sur-Loire	France
country	The Wrocław Zoological Garden, known simply as the Zoo Wrocław (Polish: Ogród Zoologiczny we Wrocławiu), is a zoo on Wróblewskiego Street in Wrocław, Poland.	Wrocław Zoo	Poland
country	Bljuštevac (Serbian: Бљуштевац) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bljuštevac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Galle Fort, in the Bay of Galle on the southwest coast of Sri Lanka, was built first in 1588 by the Portuguese, then extensively fortified by the Dutch during the 17th century from 1649 onwards.	Galle Fort	Sri Lanka
country	Fraser Canyon Hospital (FCH) is a publicly funded community hospital in the city of Hope, British Columbia, Canada.	Fraser Canyon Hospital	Canada
country	Croydon Kings is an Australian semi-professional soccer club in Adelaide, South Australia.	Croydon Kings	Australia
country	The Karnala Bird Sanctuary is located in Panvel Taluka of Raigad District, outside Mumbai, India near Matheran and Karjat.	Karnala Bird Sanctuary	India
country	The Estadio Ciudad de Tudela, formerly Estadio José Antonio Elola is a multi-use stadium located in Tudela, Navarre, Spain.	Estadio Ciudad de Tudela	Spain
country	Vyronas (Greek: Βύρωνας) is a suburban town and a municipality in the southeastern part of the Athens agglomeration, Greece.	Vyronas	Greece
country	Kaspichan Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Каспичан) is a municipality (obshtina) in Shumen Province, Northeastern Bulgaria.	Kaspichan Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Roman Tmetuchl International Airport (IATA: ROR, ICAO: PTRO, FAA LID: ROR) is the main airport of Palau.	Roman Tmetuchl International Airport	Palau
country	Mishmar HaShiv'a (Hebrew: מִשְׁמַר הַשִּׁבְעָה, lit. Guard of the Seven; Arabic: مشمار هشفعاه‎) is a moshav in central Israel.	Mishmar HaShiv'a	Israel
country	El Dinouda Digdighei is a coastal village in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	El Dinouda Digdighei	Somalia
country	Chukat-e Pain (Persian: چوكات پايين‎, also Romanized as Chūkāt-e Pā’īn) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chukat-e Pain	Iran
country	Zbiroh (Czech pronunciation: (ˈzbɪrox)) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic.	Zbiroh	Czech Republic
country	The RCMP Security Service is the former branch of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police which had responsibilities of domestic intelligence and security for Canada.	RCMP Security Service	Canada
country	Janškovo Selo (Slovene: Janškovo selo) is a settlement in the Municipality of Velenje in northern Slovenia.	Janškovo Selo	Slovenia
country	Lehqorbani-ye Sofla (Persian: له قرباني سفلي‎, also Romanized as Lehqorbānī-ye Soflá) is a village in Jangal Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lehqorbani-ye Sofla	Iran
country	The Forest of Compiègne (French: Forêt de Compiègne) is a large forest in the region of Picardy, France, near the city of Compiègne and approximately 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Paris.	Forest of Compiègne	France
country	The Stadio Olimpico del Nuoto (Olympic Swimming Stadium) is an aquatics centre at the Foro Italico in Rome, Italy.	Stadio Olimpico del Nuoto	Italy
country	Chahar Takht-e Kuk (Persian: چهارتخته كوك‎, also Romanized as Chahār Takht-e Kūk and Chahār Takht-e Gūk; also known as Chahār Takhteh Gūk) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahar Takht-e Kuk	Iran
country	The Mare aux Hippopotames (Lake of Hippopotamuses) is a lake and national park in Burkina Faso, created in 1937 and designated in 1977 as the only UNESCO Biosphere Reserve in the nation.	Mare aux Hippopotames	Burkina Faso
country	The First Battle of Ypres (19 October -- 22 November) was a First World War battle fought around Ypres, in western Belgium during October and November 1914.	First Battle of Ypres	Belgium
country	Viļaka Castle (Latvian: Viļakas pilsdrupas) (Mariensee Castle, Marienhausen, Villack) is a castle in the historical region of Latgale, in eastern Latvia.	Viļaka Castle	Latvia
country	Hacienda Casa del Francés, near Esperanza on the island of Vieques, Puerto Rico, also known as Sportsmen's House, was built in 1910.	Hacienda Casa del Francés	Puerto Rico
country	Staryi Uhryniv (Ukrainian: Старий Угринів, Old Uhryniv) is a village in the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast in western Ukraine.	Staryi Uhryniv	Ukraine
country	Urrea de Gaén is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, community of Aragon, Spain.	Urrea de Gaén	Spain
country	The 2001 census of India recorded Dhianpur as having a population of 3,095 forming 510 households.	Dhianpur	India
country	Kolovesi National Park (Finnish: Koloveden kansallispuisto) is a national park in the Southern Savonia region of Finland.	Kolovesi National Park	Finland
country	The 1979 World Judo Championships were the 10th edition of the World Judo Championships, and were held in Paris, France from December 6--	1979 World Judo Championships	France
country	Erlenbach bei Marktheidenfeld (officially Erlenbach b.Marktheidenfeld) is a community in the Main-Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Marktheidenfeld.	Erlenbach bei Marktheidenfeld	Germany
country	Diamarakro (also known as Diambarakrou) is a town in south-eastern Ivory Coast.	Diamarakro	Ivory Coast
country	Moscato d'Asti is a ``Denominazione di origine controllata e garantita'' sparkling white wine produced mainly in the province of Asti, north-west Italy, and in smaller nearby regions in the provinces of Alessandria and Cuneo.	Moscato d'Asti	Italy
country	Kidal (Tuareg-Berber: ⴾⴸⵍ, Kidal) is a town and commune in the desert region of northern Mali.	Kidal	Mali
country	Monte Terminillo is a massif in the Monti Reatini, part of the Abruzzi Apennine range in central Italy.	Monte Terminillo	Italy
country	The Fluminense Federal University (Portuguese: Universidade Federal Fluminense, UFF) is one of the four federally funded public universities in the State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and one of the Brazilian centers of excellence in teaching and research.	Fluminense Federal University	Brazil
country	The Belchen Tunnel is a motorway tunnel in Switzerland, and forms part of the A2 motorway from Basel to Chiasso.	Belchen Tunnel	Switzerland
country	The Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra (Stuttgarter Kammerorchester) is a professional chamber orchestra in Stuttgart, Germany.	Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra	Germany
country	Khandizaj (Persian: خان ديزج‎, also Romanized as Khāndīzaj) is a village in Rahal Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khandizaj	Iran
country	Pacheco Island is an island between Vidal Gomez Island and Victoria Island at the north shore of the West entrance of the Strait of Magellan in Chile.	Pacheco Island	Chile
country	Jevargi is a Panchayat town in Kalaburagi district in Karnataka, India.	Jevargi	India
country	Piyeh (Persian: پيه‎, also Romanized as Pīyeh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Piyeh	Iran
country	Vanganel (pronounced (ʋaŋɡaˈneːu̯)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Vanganel	Slovenia
country	Hoseynabad-e Bahar (Persian: حسين آبادبهار‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Bahār; also known as Ya``qūb Shāh) is a village in Simineh Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,300, in 810 families.	Hoseynabad-e Bahar	Iran
country	The Ceraunian Mountains (Albanian: Mal i Kanalit, Greek: Κεραύνια όρη, Keravnia ori; Latin: Cerauni montes) is a coastal mountain range in southwestern Albania.	Ceraunian Mountains	Albania
country	Heist-aan-Zee, or Heist, is a town in Knokke-Heist, West Flanders, Belgium.	Heist-aan-Zee	Belgium
country	Črešnjice pri Cerkljah (pronounced (ˈtʃɾeːʃnjitsɛ pɾi ˈtseːɾkljax); in older sources also Češnjice, German: Kerschdorf) is a settlement north of Cerklje ob Krki in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Črešnjice pri Cerkljah	Slovenia
country	Portør is a village and port on the south coast line of Kragerø in Telemark, Norway.	Portør	Norway
country	Zanglan (Persian: زنگلان‎, also Romanized as Zanglān) is a village in Dasht Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zanglan	Iran
country	The Allied Works Council was an organisation set up to oversee and organise military construction works in Australia during World War II. Established in February 1942, the Allied Works Council was responsible for carrying out any works required by the Allied Forces including providing any equipment, materials or workmen required to carry out these works.	Allied Works Council	Australia
country	Chah-e Siyahi (Persian: چاه سياهي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Sīyāhī and Chāhsīyāhī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Siyahi	Iran
country	Lędowa (lɛnˈdɔva) (German: Waldhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Lędowa	Poland
country	Dnestrovsc (Romanian: Dnestrovsc; Russian: Днестрóвск, Dnestrovsk; Ukrainian: Дністровськ, Dnistrovs'k) is a town in southern Transnistria, Moldova, near the border with Ukraine.	Dnestrovsc	Transnistria	Moldova
country	Greek National Road 31 is a national highway of southern Greece.	Greek National Road 31	Greece
country	Handsworth Secondary School is a high school in the district of North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and part of School District 44 North Vancouver.	Handsworth Secondary School	Canada
country	Kaka Street Special School is a school catering for children with mild-severe learning and physical disabilities located in Tauranga, New Zealand.	Kaka Street Special School	New Zealand
country	Islamabad College for Boys (ICB) is the oldest boys college in Islamabad, Pakistan.	Islamabad College for Boys	Pakistan
country	Spassk-Dalny (Russian: Спасск-Да́льний), sometimes called simply Spassk, is a town in Primorsky Krai, Russia, situated on the Prikhankayskaya Flatland on the coast of Khanka Lake.	Spassk-Dalny	Russia
country	Pughoboto (Pron:/ˌzʌnˈhiːbəʊtəʊ/) is a Town and a town area committee in Zunheboto in the state of Nagaland, India.	Pughoboto	India
country	Hawzen (Ge'ez: ሓውዜን) is a town in northern Ethiopia.	Hawzen	Ethiopia
country	Sadabad District (Persian: بخش سعدآباد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Sadabad District	Iran
country	Eskandar Kola (Persian: اسكندركلا‎, also Romanized as Eskandar Kolā) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Eskandar Kola	Iran
country	Pantanaw (Burmese: ပန်းတနော်မြို့ (páɴtənɔ̀ mjo̰)) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south-west Myanmar.	Pantanaw	Myanmar
country	The Palais des Beaux-Arts de Lille (Lille Palace of Fine Arts) is one of the largest museums in France, and the largest French museum outside of Paris.	Palais des Beaux-Arts de Lille	France
country	Ñiquén is a commune of the Ñuble province, located in the north of the Bío Bío Region of Chile.	Ñiquén	Chile
country	Ankara Castle (Turkish: Ankara Kalesi) is a fortification from ancient or medieval era in Ankara, Turkey.	Ankara Castle	Turkey
country	El Corte Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto El Corte, ICAO: SCEG) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-southeast of Talagante, Santiago Metropolitan, Chile.	El Corte Airport	Chile
country	The Huron Tract was purchased by the Canada Company, an agent of the British government, to be distributed to colonial settlers of Upper Canada.	Huron Tract	Canada
country	The Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (Filipino: Pangasiwaan sa Edukasyong Teknikal at Pagpapaunlad ng Kasanayan), abbreviated as TESDA, is an agency of the Philippine government under the Department of Labor and Employment responsible for managing and supervising technical education and skills development in the Philippines.	Technical Education and Skills Development Authority	Philippines
country	The Maikal Hills are range of hills in the state of Chhattisgarh India.	Maikal Hills	India
country	Çorrush (definite Albanian form: Çorrushi) is a village in the former Kutë municipality, Fier County, southwestern Albania.	Çorrush	Albania
country	San Pedro de Macorís is a municipality (municipio) in the Dominican Republic and the capital of the San Pedro de Macorís province in the south-eastern region of the country; it is among the 5 largest cities of the Dominican Republic.	San Pedro de Macorís	Dominican Republic
country	Maribo is a town in Lolland municipality in Region Sjælland on the island of Lolland in south Denmark.	Maribo	Denmark
country	Salona (Ancient Greek: Σάλωνα) was an ancient city and capital of Roman province on the Dalmatian coast located in modern-day Croatia.	Salona	Croatia
country	Feistritz an der Drau (Slovene: Bistrica na Dravi ) is a village in the municipality of Paternion, in Carinthia, Austria.	Feistritz an der Drau	Austria
country	Barrack Street Jetty is located on the edge of Perth Water on the Swan River in Perth, Western Australia.	Barrack Street Jetty	Australia
country	Drückebergergasse (German: 'Shirker's Alley') is the popular name for Viscardigasse, a small curbless pedestrian street in Munich, Germany.	Drückebergergasse	Germany
country	Visaginas Nuclear Power Plant is a planned nuclear power plant project in Lithuania.	Visaginas Nuclear Power Plant	Lithuania
country	Brumath, also Brumpt, is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Brumath	France
country	The United Kingdom Census 2011 reported a resident population for the City of Norwich of 132,512, a 9% increase from the 2001 census.	Norwich	United Kingdom
country	Sosnogorsk (Russian: Сосного́рск; Komi: Сӧснагорт, Sösnagort) is a town in the Komi Republic, Russia, located on the Izhma River.	Sosnogorsk	Russia
country	Gače (pronounced (ˈɡaːtʃɛ); German: Gatschen, Gottscheerish: Gatschn) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia.	Gače	Slovenia
country	Hyderi (Urdu: حیدری ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of North Nazimabad Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Hyderi	Pakistan
country	Södra Bankogränd (Swedish: ``Southern Bank Alley'') is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden:	Södra Bankogränd	Sweden
country	Kastellia (Greek: Καστέλλια, before 1979: Καστέλλι - Kastelli) is a village in the municipal unit of Gravia, Phocis, Greece.	Kastellia	Greece
country	About 2.5 mi (4.0 km) to the north of the village is a border checkpoint Krasna Talivka that is located on the highway P22 crossing the border of Ukraine with Russia.	Krasna Talivka	Ukraine
country	Župica Lake is an artificial lake of Bosnia and Herzegovina on the Unac River.	Župica Lake	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sayun Airport (IATA: GXF, ICAO: OYSY) (alternatively Seiyun Airport) is an airport in Seiyun, Yemen.	Sayun Airport	Yemen
country	Kahn-e Cheragh (Persian: كهن چراغ‎, also Romanized as Kahn-e Cherāgh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahn-e Cheragh	Iran
country	Ahvarak (Persian: اهوارك‎, also Romanized as Ahvārak and Ahūrāk) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Ahvarak	Iran
country	Elhayi Rural District (Persian: دهستان الهائی‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Elhayi Rural District	Iran
country	Standerton is a large commercial and agricultural town lying on the banks of the Vaal River in Mpumalanga, South Africa, which specialises in cattle, dairy, maize and poultry farming.	Standerton	South Africa
country	Morton Park is a football and cricket ground located on Central Road in the suburb of Blackburn, Victoria, Australia.	Morton Park	Australia
country	The Stadthuys (an old Dutch spelling, meaning city hall) is a historical structure situated in the heart of Malacca City, the administrative capital of the state of Malacca, Malaysia in a place known as the Red Square.	Stadthuys	Malaysia
country	The Strasbourg astronomical clock is located in the Cathédrale Notre-Dame of Strasbourg, Alsace, France.	Strasbourg astronomical clock	France
country	Kisheh Khani (Persian: كيشخاني‎, also Romanized as Kīsheh Khānī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kisheh Khani	Iran
country	The Gran Paradiso (French: Grand Paradis) is a mountain in the Graian Alps located between the Aosta Valley and Piedmont regions of north-west Italy.	Gran Paradiso	Italy
country	Ninino (niˈninɔ) (German: Mielke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ninino	Poland
country	Avgolida (Greek: Αβγολίδα, Turkish: Kurtuluş) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located northeast of Trikomo.	Avgolida	Cyprus
country	Caterinovca (Ukrainian: Катеринівка, Katerynivka, Russian: Катериновка, Katerinovka) is a commune in the Camenca District of Transnistria, Moldova.	Caterinovca	Moldova
country	The Luoxiao Mountains (simplified Chinese: 罗霄山脉; traditional Chinese: 羅霄山脈; pinyin: Luóxiāo Shānmài) are a system of mountain ranges in the People's Republic of China straddling Jiangxi, Hubei and Hunan provinces.	Luoxiao Mountains	People's Republic of China
country	Faisalabad Dry Port railway station (Urdu: فیصل آباد ڈرائی پورٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) away from Faisalabad city in Faisalabad district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Faisalabad Dry Port railway station	Pakistan
country	Batrian (Persian: بطريان‎, also Romanized as Baţrīān) is a village in Haq Rural District, Nalus District, Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Batrian	Iran
country	Bougoula, Sikasso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Bougoula, Sikasso	Mali
country	The Mabla Mountains (variants: Monti Mabla, Monts Mabla) are a mountain range in the northern Obock Region of Djibouti.	Mabla Mountains	Djibouti
country	Jarud Banner (Mongolian: ᠵᠠᠷᠤᠳ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Jarud qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 扎鲁特旗; traditional Chinese: 扎魯特旗; pinyin: Zālǔtè Qí) is a banner of eastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Jarud Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Cams Hall at Fareham, Hampshire, United Kingdom, is a Palladian mansion set in parkland overlooking Portsmouth Harbour.	Cams Hall	United Kingdom
country	Aqcheh Kharabeh (Persian: آقچه خرابه‎, also Romanized as Āqcheh Kharābeh and Āqcheh-ye Kharābeh; also known as Āghcheh Kharābeh, Aghcheh Kharabeh, Akhārja Khārāweh, and Āqjeh-ye Kharābeh) is a village in Sardrud-e Olya Rural District, Sardrud District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Aqcheh Kharabeh	Iran
country	Podaca is a tourist locality in southern Dalmatia, Croatia, located between Makarska and Ploče.	Podaca	Croatia
country	Minervino di Lecce is a town and comune in the province of Lecce, Apulia, south-eastern Italy.	Minervino di Lecce	Italy
country	Kafr Kalbin (Arabic: كفر كلبين‎) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located northeast of Aleppo.	Kafr Kalbin	Syria
country	Osoyoos Lake and its outlet and primary inflow, the Okanogan River (known as the Okanagan River in Canada), are subject to international water-sharing agreements governed by the International Joint Commission as part of the Columbia Basin.	Osoyoos Lake	Canada
country	Mazraeh-ye Hoseyn (Persian: مزرعه حسين‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩoseyn; also known as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩoseynī) is a village in Garizat Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 99, in 29 families.	Mazraeh-ye Hoseyn	Iran
country	Palù is a comune in the province of Verona in northern Italy.	Palù	Italy
country	Zawgyi River (Burmese: ဇော်ဂျီမြစ်) is a river of eastern Burma (Myanmar).	Zawgyi River	Myanmar
country	Wisła Kraków (Polish pronunciation: (ˈvʲiswa ˈkrakuv)) is a football club based in Kraków, Poland.	Wisła Kraków	Poland
country	Qaleh-ye Kohneh-ye Kavar (Persian: قلعه كهنه كوار‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Kohneh-ye Kavār) is a village in Kavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 564, in 124 families.	Qaleh-ye Kohneh-ye Kavar	Iran
country	Merseburg Cathedral (German: Merseburger Dom) is the proto-cathedral of the former Bishopric of Merseburg in Merseburg, Germany.	Merseburg Cathedral	Germany
country	Baroia Chak No. 36/R.B is a village near Sangla Hill (Urdu: سانگلہ ہِل), near the Nankana Sahib District of the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Baroia Chak No. 36/R.B	Pakistan
country	The AM-FM migration changed the station's callsign to XHV-FM, which had been the callsign of 102.5 FM in Mexico City from 1967 to 1991.	XHV-FM	Mexico
country	Képespuszta (Hungary) is a village in Baranya county, near Orfű, Pécs.	Képespuszta	Hungary
country	Government Inter College Barabanki or GIC-Barabanki is one of the oldest middle schools of Barabanki city, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Government Inter College Barabanki	India
country	Ochotnica Dolna (ɔxɔtˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna) is a village in Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ochotnica Dolna	Poland
country	The Pieter Baan Centre (Pieter Baan Centrum) is a forensic psychiatric observation clinic in Utrecht, Netherlands, operated by the Ministry of Security and Justice, where suspects of crimes in the Netherlands are observed to ascertain whether they can be held wholly responsible for their suspected crimes.	Pieter Baan Centre	Netherlands
country	Čavoj (Hungarian: Csavajó) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Čavoj	Slovakia
country	Kozelets Raion (Ukrainian: Козелецький район, Kozelets'kyi raion) is one of the 22 administrative raions (a district) of the Chernihiv Oblast in northern Ukraine.	Kozelets Raion	Ukraine
country	Kahgan-e Sofla (Persian: كاهگان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kāhgān-e Soflá; also known as Kagūn, Kāhangān, Kāhgān, and Kūgān) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kahgan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Skitno (ˈskʲitnɔ) (German: Skitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Skitno	Poland
country	Astakos (Greek: Αστακός, meaning ``lobster'') is a town and a former municipality in Aetolia-Acarnania, West Greece, Greece.	Astakos	Greece
country	Guru Nanak Dev University (Punjabi: ਗੁਰੂ ਨਾਨਕ ਦੇਵ ਯੂਨੀਵਰਸਿਟੀ; G.N.D.U.) was established at Amritsar, India on November 24, 1969 to commemorate Guru Nanak Dev's birth quincentenary celebrations.	Guru Nanak Dev University	India
country	Lej da Staz (Lake of Staz, German: Stazersee) is a lake in the Engadin valley, Grisons, Switzerland.	Lej da Staz	Switzerland
country	Siversk (Ukrainian: Сі́верськ; Russian: Се́верск, tr. Seversk; until 1973: Yama (Я́ма; Я́ма)) is a city in Bakhmut Raion of Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine situated 99 km north of Donetsk.	Siversk	Ukraine
country	Norwegian County Road 174 (Norwegian: Fylkesvei 174) is 11.8 kilometers (7.3 mi) long and runs between Nordby and Dalstua in Ullensaker, Norway.	Norwegian County Road 174	Norway
country	Tužina (Hungarian: Kovácspalota) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Tužina	Slovakia
country	Gunkan (Persian: گونكن‎, also Romanized as Gūnkan; also known as Gūngan) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gunkan	Iran
country	Lihir Island (aka Niolam Island) is the largest island in the Lihir group of islands, 22 km long and 14.5 km wide, in Papua New Guinea's New Ireland Province.	Lihir Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Acireale Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Acireale, Cattedrale Maria Santissima Annunziata) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the city of Acireale in Sicily, province of Catania, Italy.	Acireale Cathedral	Italy
country	Jazireh Rural District (Persian: دهستان جزيره‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Ilkhchi District, Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jazireh Rural District	Iran
country	The Gare d'Épinay-Villetaneuse (Épinay-Villetaneuse Station) is a railway station located in the commune of Épinay-sur-Seine, Seine-Saint-Denis department, France.	Gare d'Épinay-Villetaneuse	France
country	The ARD International Music Competition (German: Internationaler Musikwettbewerb der ARD) is the largest international classical music competition in Germany.	ARD International Music Competition	Germany
country	CJNI-FM is currently the only commercial News/talk station in Atlantic Canada.	CJNI-FM	Canada
country	Kupres is a town and municipality in Canton 10 (Herzeg-Bosnia County) of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kupres	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Balatun (Serbian Cyrillic: Балатун) is a small village located north of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Balatun	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	After the Second World War, Leipzig fell within the territory of East Germany, whereupon the Leipzig Trade Fair became one of the most important trade fairs of Comecon and was traditionally a meeting place for businessmen and politicians from both sides of the Iron Curtain.	Leipzig Trade Fair	Germany
country	The Aiguilles Rouges National Nature Reserve is a nature reserve located in the Aiguilles Rouges mountain range in the Haute-Savoie department in southeastern France.	Aiguilles Rouges National Nature Reserve	France
country	Petalas (Greek: Πεταλάς) is the largest island (area 5.5 km²) of the Echinades, among the Ionian Islands group of Greece.	Petalas	Greece
country	Mountain View College Academy (or MVCA) is a private Adventist high school in Valencia City, Bukidnon, Philippines.	Mountain View College Academy	Philippines
country	Mahanakorn University of Technology (Thai: มหาวิทยาลัยเทคโนโลยีมหานคร, short MUT) is a university in Thailand.	Mahanakorn University of Technology	Thailand
country	The Peace and Friendship Stadium, commonly known by its acronym SEF (Greek: Στάδιο Ειρήνης και Φιλίας, transliterated as Stadio Eirinis kai Filias) is a multi-purpose indoor arena that is located in Piraeus, on the coastal zone of Athens, Greece.	Peace and Friendship Stadium	Greece
country	Dekhela (Arabic: الدخيلة‎) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Dekhela	Egypt
country	Bolechówko (bɔlɛˈxufkɔ) (German: Hackweiler) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonak, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bolechówko	Poland
country	Jeppe High School for Boys is a public secondary school is located in Kensington, a suburb of Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa, one of the 23 Milner Schools.	Jeppe High School for Boys	South Africa
country	Hasel Qubi-ye Afshar (Persian: حاصل قوبي افشار‎, also Romanized as Ḩāşel Qūbī-ye Afshār; also known as Ḩāşel Qū’ī and Ḩāşel Qū'ī-ye Afshār) is a village in Marhemetabad Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hasel Qubi-ye Afshar	Iran
country	Shurjeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان سروستان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sarvestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shurjeh Rural District	Iran
country	Brooklin Novo (Portuguese for ``New Brooklyn'') is a neighborhood in São Paulo, Brazil.	Brooklin Novo	Brazil
country	The Gifford Observatory is an astronomical observation facility located in Mount Victoria, Wellington, New Zealand.	Gifford Observatory	New Zealand
country	Lüneburg Heath (German: Lüneburger Heide) is a large area of heath, geest and woodland in the northeastern part of the state of Lower Saxony in northern Germany.	Lüneburg Heath	Germany
country	VfL-Stadion am Elsterweg (German pronunciation: (faʊ̯ ʔɛf ˈʔɛl ˈʃtaːdi̯ɔn ʔam ˈʔɛlstɐveːk), locally (-ˈʔɛlstɐveːç)) is a multi-use stadium in Wolfsburg, Germany.	VfL-Stadion am Elsterweg	Germany
country	Oreoi (Greek: Ωρεοί) is a village and a former municipality in Euboea, Greece.	Oreoi	Greece
country	Poipet (officially Paôy Paêt) is a Cambodian boomtown on the Cambodia/Thailand border, in Ou Chrov district, Banteay Meanchey Province.	Poipet	Cambodia
country	Riebiņi (Latvian: Riebiņi, Latgalian: Ribiniški) is a village in and the center of both Riebiņi parish and Riebiņi municipality, Latvia.	Riebiņi	Latvia
country	Srednekolymsk (Russian: Среднеколы́мск; Yakut: Орто Халыма, Orto Xalıma) is a town and the administrative center of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located on the left bank of the Kolyma River, 1,485 kilometers (923 mi) northeast of Yakutsk, the capital of the republic.	Srednekolymsk	Russia
country	Choczewo (xɔˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) (German: Chottschow, Gotendorf (1938-1945)) is a village in Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Choczewo	Poland
country	As a welfare garden, the Gustav-Ammann-Park is unique in Switzerland.	Gustav-Ammann-Park	Switzerland
country	Bagh Daraq (Persian: باغ درق‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Daraq and Bāghdaraq; also known as Bagdere, Bāgh Darreh, Beg Dara, and Beyg Darreh) is a village in Valdian Rural District, Ivughli District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bagh Daraq	Iran
country	Brudzice (bruˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lgota Wielka, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Brudzice	Poland
country	Bukowina Tatrzańska (bukɔˈvina taˈtʂaɲska), (Slovak: Tatranská Bukovina) is a village in Tatra County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Bukowina Tatrzańska	Poland
country	The Royal Spanish Football Federation (Spanish: Real Federación Española de Fútbol, RFEF) is the governing body of football in Spain.	Royal Spanish Football Federation	Spain
country	Sarmeshk (Persian: سرمشك‎; also known as Sarmoshk) is a village in Hanza Rural District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sarmeshk	Iran
country	Sangok-ri (상옥리) is a small village (ri) in Pohang City District, Gyeongsangbuk-do Province, South Korea.	Sangok-ri	South Korea
country	Unterlangenegg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Unterlangenegg	Switzerland
country	Kopaczów (kɔˈpat͡ʂuf) (German: Oberullersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech and German borders.	Kopaczów	Poland
country	Atbasar Airport (IATA: ATX) is an airport in Kazakhstan located 5 km (3.1 mi) north of Atbasar.	Atbasar Airport	Kazakhstan
country	The Lao Red Cross Society is a humanitarian organization in Laos.	Lao Red Cross Society	Laos
country	Miðvágur (Danish: Midvåg), is a village in the Faroe Islands on Vágar.	Miðvágur	Faroe Islands
country	Ma'an (Arabic: معان‎) is a city in southern Jordan, 218 kilometres (135 mi) southwest of the capital Amman.	Ma'an	Jordan
country	The Italian fiscal code card, officially known as Italy's Codice Fiscale, is the tax code card in Italy, similar to a Social Security Number (SSN) card in the United States or the National Insurance Number issued in the United Kingdom.	Italian fiscal code card	Italy
country	Hadzhidimovo (Bulgarian: Хаджидимово) is a small town and the centre of Hadzhidimovo Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province, south-western Bulgaria.	Hadzhidimovo	Bulgaria
country	Ciepielów-Kolonia (t͡ɕɛˈpjɛluf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ciepielów-Kolonia	Poland
country	Col de Braus (1002 m) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-Maritimes in France.	Col de Braus	France
country	Grič pri Klevevžu (pronounced (ˈɡɾiːtʃ pɾi klɛˈʋeːu̯ʒu)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Grič pri Klevevžu	Slovenia
country	Eidsvik Skipsbyggeri is a small shipyard in Kvinnherad, Norway.	Eidsvik Skipsbyggeri	Norway
country	Warszawice (varʂaˈvit͡sɛ) (local name Warszewice) is a village in Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory, Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland.	Warszawice	Poland
country	Hajiabad-e Fajr (Persian: حاجی‌آباد فجر ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hajiabad-e Fajr	Iran
country	Sint-Elooi is a small village, about 5 kilometres south of Ypres in the Flemish province of West-Vlaanderen in Belgium.	Sint-Elooi	Belgium
country	Mansehra District (مانسہرہ) is in the Hazara division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Mansehra District	Pakistan
country	The E6 European long distance path or E6 path is one of the European long-distance paths from the northwest tip of Finland through Sweden, Denmark, Germany and Austria to the Adriatic coast in Slovenia.	E6 European long distance path	Sweden	Austria
country	Valozhyn, Vałožyn or Volozhin (Belarusian: Вало́жын, (vaˈɫoʐɨn); Russian: Воло́жин; Polish: Wołożyn; Yiddish: וואָלאָזשין‎; also written as Wolozin and Wolozhin) is a town in the Minsk Region of Belarus.	Valozhyn	Belarus
country	Çöl Beşdəli (also, Chël’beshdali, Chol''-Beshtali, and Chol’beshtaly) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çöl Beşdəli	Azerbaijan
country	The Bukovec Mountains (Slovak: Bukovské vrchy) is a flysch mountain range in north-eastern Slovakia, part of the Eastern Beskids and the Ukrainian Carpathians ranges belonging to the Eastern Carpathians.	Bukovec Mountains	Slovakia
country	Poznanovci (Hungarian: Pálhegy) is a dispersed village in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Poznanovci	Slovenia
country	Vancouver Golf Club also hosted one Senior PGA Tour event in the 1985, the Canada Senior Open Championship, won by Peter Thomson of Australia.	Vancouver Golf Club	Canada
country	Dam Dam (Persian: دم دم‎) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dam Dam	Iran
country	In 1990, a foreign edition was launched in Sweden, also named Pyton.	Pyton	Sweden
country	Yasti Bulagh (Persian: ياستي بولاغ‎, also Romanized as Yāstī Būlāgh; also known as Yāstī Bolāgh and Yāsu Bulāq) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, Bizineh Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Yasti Bulagh	Iran
country	The University of Natal was a university in Natal, and later KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.	University of Natal	South Africa
country	The GSI Helmholtz Centre for Heavy Ion Research (German: GSI Helmholtzzentrum für Schwerionenforschung) is a federally and state co-funded heavy ion (Schwerion) research center in the Arheilgen suburb of Darmstadt, Germany.	GSI Helmholtz Centre for Heavy Ion Research	Germany
country	Nitibe is a small town in Nitibe subdistrict, in the East Timor exclave of Oecusse.	Nitibe	East Timor
country	Bayamo is the capital city of the Granma Province of Cuba, and one of the largest cities in the Oriente region.	Bayamo	Cuba
country	Ventspils Olimpiskais Stadions, more commonly called the Ventspils Stadions, is a multi-purpose stadium in Ventspils, Latvia.	Ventspils Olimpiskais Stadions	Latvia
country	Killamery (Irish: Cill Lamraí) is a village in County Kilkenny, Ireland.	Killamery	Ireland
country	Paskrzyn (ˈpaskʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ręczno, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Paskrzyn	Poland
country	Dößel is a former municipality in the Saalekreis district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Dößel	Germany
country	Nižný Kručov (Hungarian: Magyarkrucsó) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Nižný Kručov	Slovakia
country	Jingzhou District (simplified Chinese: 荆州区; traditional Chinese: 荊州區; pinyin: Jīngzhōu Qū) is a district of the city of Jingzhou, Hubei, People's Republic of China.	Jingzhou District	People's Republic of China
country	The Rotbüelspitz (also spelled Rotbühelspitze) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps, located on the border between Austria and Switzerland.	Rotbüelspitz	Austria	Switzerland
country	Dhoke Qureshian is the main neighbourhood of village Noordolal in Gujar Khan Tehsil, Punjab, Pakistan.	Dhoke Qureshian	Pakistan
country	Jonquière railway station is located on rue St-Dominique in the Jonquière borough of Saguenay, Quebec, Canada.	Jonquière railway station	Canada
country	Gomaran (Armenian: Գոմարան) is a village in the community of Geghanush, Syunik Province, Armenia.	Gomaran	Armenia
country	Chestermere Lake is a man-made reservoir in Chestermere, Alberta, Canada.	Chestermere Lake	Canada
country	Taqanak Rural District (Persian: دهستان طاقانك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Taqanak Rural District	Iran
country	The Tutow Solar Park is in Demmin, Germany, and is located at Tutow Airport.	Tutow Solar Park	Germany
country	Oum El Achar is a village in the commune of Tindouf, in Tindouf Province, Algeria, located at the base of a mountain pass.	Oum El Achar	Algeria
country	Battle River Generating Station is a coal fired station owned by ATCO Power, located near Forestburg, Alberta, Canada.	Battle River Generating Station	Canada
country	Linwood House was built as the homestead for Joseph Brittan, who as surgeon, newspaper editor, and provincial councillor, was one of the dominant figures in early Christchurch, New Zealand.	Linwood House	New Zealand
country	Arana College is a residential college of the University of Otago in Dunedin, New Zealand, founded in 1943 by the Rev. William Turner and the Stuart Residence Halls Council.	Arana College	New Zealand
country	JAGS McCartney International Airport (IATA: GDT, ICAO: MBGT), also known as Grand Turk International Airport, is an airport located one mile south of Cockburn Town on Grand Turk Island in the Turks and Caicos Islands, an overseas territory of the United Kingdom.	JAGS McCartney International Airport	Turks and Caicos Islands
country	Russel Metals Inc. (TSX: RUS) is one of the largest North American suppliers of metal products, with operations across Canada and the United States.	Russel Metals	Canada
country	Agigea (Romanian pronunciation: (aˈd͡ʒid͡ʒe̯a); Turkish: Acıçay, Greek: Aghikos) is a commune in Constanţa County, Romania.	Agigea	Romania
country	Mahvarmilani District (Persian: بخش ماهورمیلانی‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mahvarmilani District	Iran
country	Bhandaria Government College (Bengali: ভান্ডারিয়া সরকারি কলেজ '), located in Bhandaria, is one of renowned college of southern Bangladesh.	Bhandaria Government College	Bangladesh
country	Mount Baker Secondary School is the only public high school in Cranbrook, British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Baker Secondary School	Canada
country	Mazraeh-ye Khanlar (Persian: مزرعه خانلار‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Khānlār) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 13 families.	Mazraeh-ye Khanlar	Iran
country	Shah-e Badagh (Persian: شاه بداغ‎, also Romanized as Shāh-e Badāgh) is a village in Najmabad Rural District, in the Central District of Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Shah-e Badagh	Iran
country	Tenkodogo is the capital city of Boulgou Province and Centre-Est Region in Burkina Faso with a population of 48,534 (2012).	Tenkodogo	Burkina Faso
country	Calvin Park Public School is a school for grade 7 and 8 students located in the same building as Loyalist Collegiate and Vocational Institute (LCVI), at 153 Van Order Drive in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Calvin Park Public School	Canada
country	Xəlfəkücə (also, Xəlifəkücə, Xəlfəküçə, and Khalfakyudzha) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xəlfəkücə	Azerbaijan
country	CIIT-DT, UHF channel 35, is a religious television station located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	CIIT-DT	Canada
country	Tall Milak (Persian: تل ميلك‎, also Romanized as Tall Mīlak and Tal-e Mīlak) is a village in Somghan Rural District, Chenar Shahijan District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tall Milak	Iran
country	Kolbuszowa Dolna (kɔlbuˈʂɔva ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kolbuszowa Dolna	Poland
country	Mulan Rural District (Persian: دهستان مولان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mulan Rural District	Iran
country	Ab Jahan (Persian: ابجهان‎, also Romanized as Āb Jahān and Āb-e Jahān; also known as Ab-e Sahān) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ab Jahan	Iran
country	Jowzan-e Nuki (Persian: جوزان نوكي‎, also Romanized as Jowzān-e Nūkī, Jauzān-i-Nūki, and Jowzān Nowkī) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jowzan-e Nuki	Iran
country	Al Shindagha (Arabic: الشندغة‎), sometimes spelled Al Shindagah or Al Shindaga, is a neighbourhood in the traditional centre of the city of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.	Al Shindagha	United Arab Emirates
country	McMaster University Library is the academic library system for the faculties of Humanities, Social Sciences, Engineering, Science, as well as the Michael DeGroote School of Business at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	McMaster University Library	Canada
country	ViaMichelin services are now available in the United Kingdom (02), France (Bouygues Telecom), Italy (Wind), Spain (Telefónica), Germany (E-Plus), Holland (Base) and Belgium via the i-mode portal.	ViaMichelin	Germany
country	Kocul is a village in the Vlorë County in southern Albania.	Kocul	Albania
country	Choszczno (ˈxɔʂt͡ʂnɔ) (German: Arnswalde) is a town (population around 16,173) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.	Choszczno	Poland
country	Spirit of Burgas is a summer music festival in the city of Burgas, on the Black Sea coast of Bulgaria.	Spirit of Burgas	Bulgaria
country	The Auto & Technik Museum Sinsheim is a technology museum in Sinsheim, Germany.	Auto & Technik Museum Sinsheim	Germany
country	Aygünlü (also, Aygyunli, Gonchi, and Mollakamalli) is a village and municipality in the Shabran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aygünlü	Azerbaijan
country	Khuri Chhoti is a small Village/hamlet in Laxmangarh Tehsil in Sikar District of Rajasthan State, India.	Khuri Chhoti	India
country	Buky (Ukrainian: Буки) is an urban-type settlement in Cherkasy Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Buky	Ukraine
country	The Sturt Street Gardens is a central reservation running along one of the main thoroughfares of Ballarat (Victoria, Australia) --	Sturt Street Gardens	Australia
country	Hengill (Icelandic, pronounced (hɛɪŋcɪtl̥)) volcano is situated in the southwest of Iceland, to the south of Þingvellir.	Hengill	Iceland
country	San Felice del Benaco is a comune in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, northern Italy.	San Felice del Benaco	Italy
country	Busoga College Mwiri, commonly known as Busoga College, is a boarding secondary school (grades 8-13), in Uganda.	Busoga College	Uganda
country	Arfons (Arfons in Occitan) is a commune of the Tarn department in southern France.	Arfons	France
country	Medininkai (Polish: Miedniki Królewskie) is a village in Lithuania, located 26 km (16 mi) from Vilnius and 2 km (1.2 mi) from the Lithuanian--	Medininkai	Lithuania
country	Nehuenco II Power Plant or Nehuenco 2 is a natural gas electrical generating station in Quillota, Valparaíso Region, Chile.	Nehuenco II Power Plant	Chile
country	Kukola is a district and a suburb of the city of Turku, in Finland.	Kukola	Finland
country	Mount Balatukan is a massive compound stratovolcano in the southern island of Mindanao, Philippines.	Mount Balatukan	Philippines
country	The Lapau is located in Bandar Seri Begawan, across the Royal Regalia Building and the Brunei History Centre.	Lapau	Brunei
country	The Karaburun tragedy of 2004, also known as the 9 January tragedy, was a marine incident that occurred during an attempted sea crossing from northern Albania to Italy by 36 people, including two dinghy operators and the smugglers' leader.	Karaburun tragedy	Albania
country	Mazhnabad (Persian: مژن اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazhnābād, Majnābād, Mazhan Abad, and Mozhnābād; also known as Mijnābād) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mazhnabad	Iran
country	Puerto Casado (formerly known as La Victoria) is one of the 4 districts in Alto Paraguay Department, Paraguay.	Puerto Casado	Paraguay
country	Sardoal (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐɾðuˈaɫ)) is a municipality in the district of Santarém in Portugal.	Sardoal	Portugal
country	The Manpower Services Commission (MSC) was a non-departmental public body of the Department of Employment Group in the United Kingdom created by Edward Heath's Conservative Government in 1973.	Manpower Services Commission	United Kingdom
country	Dora Nginza Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital, situated on Spondo Street in Zwide township of Port Elizabeth in South Africa.	Dora Nginza Hospital	South Africa
country	The Schlern (Italian: Sciliar, Ladin: Sciliër) (2,563 m) is a mountain of the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Schlern	Italy
country	Frodeåsen is a hill just north of the town center of Tønsberg, Norway.	Frodeåsen	Norway
country	Sirkazhi block is a revenue block in Sirkazhi taluk of Nagapattinam district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Sirkazhi block	India
country	Lac Saint-Jean is a large, relatively shallow lake in south-central Quebec, Canada, in the Laurentian Highlands.	Lac Saint-Jean	Canada
country	Meyn (Danish: Meden) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Meyn	Germany
country	Surur is a village located in Wai taluka at Satara District, Maharashtra, India.	Surur	India
country	Mont Avic is a mountain in the Graian Alps, in the Aosta Valley, north-western Italy.	Mont Avic	Italy
country	Bonabéri is a port in the Littoral Province of Cameroon.	Bonabéri	Cameroon
country	Kamineh (Persian: كميه‎, also Romanized as Kamīneh) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kamineh	Iran
country	Schiesser AG is one of the world's largest producers of underwear and lingerie headquartered in Radolfzell, Germany.	Schiesser	Germany
country	Sri Manakula Vinayagar Engineering College(SMVEC) is an engineering college in Pondicherry, Puducherry union territory, India.	Sri Manakula Vinayagar Engineering College	India
country	The Ijafene is a highland area of the Sahara Desert in eastern Mauritania.	Ijafene	Mauritania
country	Lake Te Anau is in the southwestern corner of the South Island of New Zealand.	Lake Te Anau	New Zealand
country	Chopok (2,024 m) is the third highest peak of the Low Tatra range (just after the neighboring Ďumbier and Štiavnica mountains) in central Slovakia.	Chopok	Slovakia
country	New Belgrade (Serbian: Нови Београд / Novi Beograd, pronounced (nôʋiː beǒɡrad)) is one of 17 city municipalities that constitutes the City of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	New Belgrade	Serbia
country	Śladków Mały (ˈɕlatkuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Śladków Mały	Poland
country	The Southward Car Museum is an automobile museum housing a collection of over 250 vehicles, as well as three aircraft, located on Otaihanga Road, Otaihanga, just north of Paraparaumu on the Kapiti Coast of New Zealand's North Island.	Southward Car Museum	New Zealand
country	Arlberg is a mountain range or massif between Vorarlberg and Tyrol in Austria.	Arlberg	Austria
country	Talassemtane National Park is a national park in the Rif region of Northern Morocco.	Talassemtane National Park	Morocco
country	Jalawla (Arabic: جلولاء‎, also known as Celevla, or mistranslated as Jalula) is a town in Diyala Governorate, Iraq.	Jalawla	Iraq
country	The Opéra Royal de Wallonie (Royal Opera of Wallonia) is an opera house in Liège, Belgium, one of four situated in that country.	Opéra Royal de Wallonie	Belgium
country	Snowshill Manor is a National Trust property located in the village of Snowshill, Gloucestershire, United Kingdom.	Snowshill Manor	United Kingdom
country	The Hanken School of Economics (Swedish: Svenska handelshögskolan, ``Hanken'') is a triple accredited Finnish business school located in Helsinki and Vasa, Finland.	Hanken School of Economics	Finland
country	Rapsommati (Greek: Ραψομμάτη, also Ραψομμάτης - Rapsommatis) is a village within the municipality of Megalopoli in the western part of Arcadia, Greece.	Rapsommati	Greece
country	Forest Hill Vineyard (also referred to as Forest Hill Wines) is an Australian winery business based in the Great Southern wine region of Western Australia.	Forest Hill Vineyard	Australia
country	Espadaña is a sparsely populated village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon.	Espadaña	Spain
country	Achill Island (/ˈækəl/; Irish: Acaill, Oileán Acla) in County Mayo is the largest island off the coast of Ireland, and is situated off the west coast.	Achill Island	Ireland
country	Kyoto Institute of Technology (京都工芸繊維大学, Kyōto Kōgei Sen'i Daigaku) in Kyoto, Japan is a Japanese national university established in 1949.	Kyoto Institute of Technology	Japan
country	The King's Hospital is a Church of Ireland co-educational fee-paying boarding and day school situated in Palmerstown, Dublin, Ireland.	The King's Hospital	Ireland
country	Focșani (Romanian pronunciation: (fokˈʃanʲ); German: Fokschan; Hungarian: Foksány; Turkish: Fokşan) is the capital city of Vrancea County in Romania on the shores the Milcov River, in the historical region of Moldavia.	Focșani	Romania
country	Afshjerd (Persian: افشجرد‎; also known as Āb Shegerd and Afshījerd) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Afshjerd	Iran
country	The Siege of La Rochelle (French: Le Siège de La Rochelle, or sometimes Le Grand Siège de La Rochelle) was a result of a war between the French royal forces of Louis XIII of France and the Huguenots of La Rochelle in 1627--28.	Siege of La Rochelle	France
country	Wahgunyah Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of South Australia about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of the town of Fowlers Bay.	Wahgunyah Conservation Park	Australia
country	Remedios District (Spanish pronunciation: (reˈmeðjos)) is a district (distrito) of Chiriquí Province in Panama.	Remedios District	Panama
country	Dharmasthala is an Indian temple town on the banks of the Nethravathi River in the Belthangadi taluk of the Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka, India.	Dharmasthala	India
country	Hône is a town and comune (population 1,146) in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy.	Hône	Italy
country	The Lilla Vilunda runestones are three Viking Age memorial runestones that were erected by members of the same family and which are located at Lilla Vilunda (also known as Stallgatan) in Upplands Väsby, Stockholm County, Sweden, and in the historic province of Uppland.	Lilla Vilunda runestones	Sweden
country	Mohri Pur is a small town situated in tehsil Kabirwala in District Khanewal, Pakistan.	Mohri Pur	Pakistan
country	Skithegga is a small river running out of lake Gjellum in Norway,.	Skithegga	Norway
country	Verkhneyarkeyevo (Russian: Верхнеяркеево) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Ilishevsky District in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.	Verkhneyarkeyevo	Russia
country	The Dag Hammarskjöld Foundation was created in 1962 as Sweden's national memorial to Dag Hammarskjöld, Secretary General of the United Nations from 1953 until his death in a plane crash on a mission to the Congo.	Dag Hammarskjöld Foundation	Sweden
country	The Otłoczyn railway accident (Polish: Katastrofa kolejowa pod Otłoczynem) was a train wreck which occurred on August 19, 1980, near the village of Otłoczyn (Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland).	Otłoczyn railway accident	Poland
country	The Universal College of Learning (UCOL) is a New Zealand Government TEI (Polytechnic) located primarily in Palmerston North but has campuses also in the other parts of the lower North Island.	Universal College of Learning	New Zealand
country	Stone Town, also known as Mji Mkongwe (Swahili for ``old town''), is the old part of Zanzibar City, the main city of Zanzibar, in Tanzania.	Stone Town	Tanzania
country	Guraini (Urdu: گورینی‎, Hindi: गुरैनी ) is a town near Kheta Sarai in Jaunpur District in Uttar Pradesh state of India.	Guraini	India
country	Kociołek Szlachecki (kɔˈt͡ɕɔwɛk ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski) (German: Adlig Kessel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kociołek Szlachecki	Poland
country	The Battle of Montemaggiore (or Monte Maggiore) was fought on 4 May 1041, on the river Ofanto near Cannae in Byzantine Italy, between Lombard-Norman rebel forces and the Byzantine Empire.	Battle of Montemaggiore	Italy
country	Skanderbeg Square (Albanian: Sheshi Skënderbej) is the main plaza of Tirana, Albania named in 1968 after the Albanian national hero Skanderbeg.	Skanderbeg Square	Albania
country	Geography of West Bengal, a state in eastern India, is diverse, of high peaks of Himalaya in the northern extremes to coastal regions down south, with regions such as plateau and Ganges delta intervening in between.	Geography of West Bengal	India
country	Ostojićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Остојићево) is a village in Serbia.	Ostojićevo	Serbia
country	Fuling North Railway Station is a railway station located in Chongqing City, People's Republic of China, on the Yuli Railway which operated by Ministry of Railways of the PRC.	Fuling North Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Naujene Parish (Latvian: Naujenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils Municipality, Latvia.	Naujene Parish	Latvia
country	The Bellarine Rail Trail is a 32 km walking and cycling track on the Bellarine Peninsula, in Victoria, Australia, that follows the route of the former South Geelong to Queenscliff branch line.	Bellarine Rail Trail	Australia
country	Cerenzia is a comune and town with a population of 1000 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, Italy.	Cerenzia	Italy
country	The 2012 European Cross Country Championships was the 19th edition of the cross country running competition for European athletes which was held in Szentendre, Hungary on 9 December.	2012 European Cross Country Championships	Hungary
country	Glów (ɡluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Glów	Poland
country	Ballygunge (Bengali: বালিগঞ্জ) is a locality in South Kolkata, India.	Ballygunge	India
country	Mondim de Basto (Portuguese pronunciation: (mõˈdĩ dɨ ˈβaʃtu)) is a municipality in the district of Vila Real in Portugal.	Mondim de Basto	Portugal
country	The CFP franc (called the franc in everyday use) is the currency used in the French overseas collectivities (collectivités d’outre-mer, or COM) of French Polynesia, New Caledonia and Wallis and Futuna.	CFP franc	French Polynesia	New Caledonia	Wallis and Futuna
country	Kostroma Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Кострома) (IATA: KMW, ICAO: UUBA) is an airport in Russia located 6 km northeast of Kostroma.	Kostroma Airport	Russia
country	Petrila Coal Mine is an underground mining exploitation, one of the largest in Romania located in Petrila, one of six cities in the Jiu Valley region of Hunedoara County.	Petrila Coal Mine	Romania
country	Zaviyeh Khersan (Persian: زاويه خرسان‎, also Romanized as Zāvīyeh Khersān and Zāveyeh Khersān) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District, in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zaviyeh Khersan	Iran
country	Yankari National Park is a large wildlife park located in the south-central part of Bauchi State, in northeastern Nigeria.	Yankari National Park	Nigeria
country	Mazraeh-ye Mishi (Persian: مزرعه ميشي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Mīshī; also known as Mīshī and Pīr Mīshī) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Mishi	Iran
country	The CEFC was established under the Clean Energy Finance Corporation Bill 2012, which passed through the Parliament of Australia on the 22 July 2012.	Clean Energy Finance Corporation	Australia
country	Hollybush is a residential area of Malpas within the city of Newport, South Wales, United Kingdom.	Hollybush	United Kingdom
country	Chew Valley Lake (grid reference ST5659) is a large reservoir in the Chew Valley, Somerset, England, and the fifth-largest artificial lake in the United Kingdom (the largest in south-west England), with an area of 1,200 acres (4.9 km²).	Chew Valley Lake	United Kingdom
country	Janmarg, also known as Ahmedabad BRTS, is a bus rapid transit in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Ahmedabad BRTS	India
country	Lake Martignano (Italian: Lago di Martignano), is a small lake in Lazio, Italy 24 kilometres (15 mi) north-north-west of Rome, in an extinct crater or maar.	Lake Martignano	Italy
country	As of 2014 India census, Mecheri holding a population of 1,37,020 as per latest survey.	Mecheri	India
country	Kakinada (urban) mandal is one of the 59 mandals in East Godavari district of the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kakinada (urban) mandal	India
country	Joseph Chamberlain Sixth Form College is one of twenty universities and colleges across the United Kingdom to receive The Queen's Anniversary Prize for Higher and Further Education.	Joseph Chamberlain Sixth Form College	United Kingdom
country	The People's Conscience Party (Indonesian: Partai Hati Nurani Rakyat, Partai Hanura) is a political party in Indonesia.	People's Conscience Party	Indonesia
country	The Château de Domecy-sur-le-Vault is a château located in Domecy-sur-le-Vault close to Sermizelles in the Yonne department in Burgundy, north-central France.	Château de Domecy-sur-le-Vault	France
country	Złotniki Lubańskie (zwɔtˈniki luˈbaɲskʲɛ) (German: Goldentraum) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna, within Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Złotniki Lubańskie	Poland
country	The Uddevalla Bridge (Swedish: Uddevallabron) is a cable-stayed bridge crossing Sunninge sound near Uddevalla in the province of Bohuslän on the west coast of Sweden.	Uddevalla Bridge	Sweden
country	The Château de Gannat is a castle, now a museum known as Museum Yves Machelon, in the town of Gannat in the Allier département of France.	Château de Gannat	France
country	The Komunarskyi District (Ukrainian: Комунарський район, Komunars'kyi raion) is one of seven administrative urban districts (raions) of the city of Zaporizhia, located in southern Ukraine.	Komunarskyi District	Ukraine
country	Zgornje Laze (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ˈlaːzɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zgornje Laze	Slovenia
country	The Hedeby Viking Museum (German: Wikinger Museum Haithabu) is a museum near the site of Hedeby, a former medieval city in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany focusing on the Viking Age history of the region.	Hedeby Viking Museum	Germany
country	Moarves de Ojeda is a town belonging to the municipality of Olmos de Ojeda in the province of Palencia (Castile & León, Spain).	Moarves de Ojeda	Spain
country	Puszczyków (puʂˈt͡ʂɨkuf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Puszczyków	Poland
country	Prostějov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈproscɛjof); German: Proßnitz) is a city in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic, in the historical region of Moravia.	Prostějov	Czech Republic
country	In 1790, France suppressed the historical provinces, including Labourd, incorporating them into the newly created département of Basses-Pyrénées, together with Béarn.	Labourd	France
country	The German Avenue Road (German: Deutsche Alleenstraße) is a tree-lined holiday route that runs the length of Germany from the Baltic Sea to Lake Constance.	German Avenue Road	Germany
country	Westende is a town in Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium, and in the Flemish province of West-Flanders.	Westende	Belgium
country	Lake Natron is a salt and soda lake in the Arusha Region of northern Tanzania.	Lake Natron	Tanzania
country	Via Condotti (officially Via dei Condotti) is a busy and fashionable street of Rome, Italy.	Via Condotti	Italy
country	Kaylaka (Bulgarian: Кайлъка) is a large park and protected area south of Pleven, Bulgaria, situated in a Karst valley.	Kaylaka	Bulgaria
country	The Miss Belgian Beauty contest is the second-largest beauty pageant (after Miss Exclusive) in Belgium.	Miss Belgian Beauty	Belgium
country	Naqareh-ye Naveh Kesh (Persian: نقاره ناوه كش‎, also Romanized as Naqāreh-ye Nāveh Kesh and Naqāreh-ye Nāveh Kash; also known as Nākura, Naqāreh, and Naqqareh) is a village in Shurab Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Naqareh-ye Naveh Kesh	Iran
country	Zunyi (simplified Chinese: 遵义; traditional Chinese: 遵義; pinyin: Zūnyì) is a prefecture-level city in northern Guizhou province, People's Republic of China, situated between the provincial capital Guiyang to the south and Chongqing to the north, also bordering Sichuan to the northwest.	Zunyi	People's Republic of China
country	Waimatuku is a small Southland, New Zealand farming community on the Southern Scenic Route, on New Zealand State Highway 99 between Invercargill and Riverton.	Waimatuku	New Zealand
country	DGI-byen is a facility that houses various spa facilities, restaurants, hotels, conference facilities, a bowling alley, flexible multi-centres, sports clubs, a superellipse shaped swimming pool and Vandkulturhuset, (Danish for ``Water Culture House''), located in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	DGI-byen	Denmark
country	Eriyodu (or Eriodu) is a panchayat town in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Eriyodu	India
country	Waytani (Aymara wayta headdress made of feathers or flowers, -ni, a suffix to indicate ownership, 'the one with the decoration on the head', hispanicized spelling Huaytane) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,430 metres (17,815 ft) high.	Waytani	Peru
country	Brzozowy Ług (bʐɔˈzɔvɨ ˈwuk) (formerly German Johanneshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Brzozowy Ług	Poland
country	Wobbies World was an amusement park which operated from about 1970 to the late 1990s in the Melbourne suburb of Vermont South, Australia.	Wobbies World	Australia
country	The Cremorne Theatre was a theatre in South Brisbane (now part of South Bank), Brisbane, Queensland, Australia that operated from 1911 to 1954.	Cremorne Theatre	Australia
country	Mëshqerrë (in local Gheg dialect Mshqerrë, definite form Mshqerra) is a settlement in the former Gruemirë municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Mëshqerrë	Albania
country	Jokkmokk (Lule Sámi: Jåhkåmåhkke or Dálvvadis; Northern Sámi: Dálvvadis; Finnish: Jokimukka) is a locality and the seat of Jokkmokk Municipality in Norrbotten County, province of Lapland, Sweden with 2,786 inhabitants in 2010.	Jokkmokk	Sweden
country	Nehusha (Hebrew: נְחוּשָׁה, lit. Steadfast) is a moshav in central Israel.	Nehusha	Israel
country	Isla Grande is a small island and corregimiento in Portobelo District, Colón Province, Panama, off the Caribbean coast.	Isla Grande	Panama
country	Boscean is a hamlet on the Penwith peninsula in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, approximately half-a-mile northwest of St Just.	Boscean	United Kingdom
country	The Internationale Niedersachsen-Rundfahrt is a multi-stage road bicycle race held in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Niedersachsen-Rundfahrt	Germany
country	Ghardaïa (Arabic: غرداية , Mzab-Berber: Ɣerdayt, Taɣerdayt, ⵜⴰⵖⴻⵔⴷⴰⵢⵜ) is the capital city of Ghardaïa Province, Algeria.	Ghardaïa	Algeria
country	Dolenja Vas pri Polici (pronounced (dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi pɔˈliːtsi); Slovene: Dolenja vas pri Polici, German: Niederdorf) is a small settlement north of Polica in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Dolenja Vas pri Polici	Slovenia
country	Placencja (plaˈt͡sɛnt͡sja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Placencja	Poland
country	Radzieszyn (raˈd͡ʑeʂɨn) (German: Ziegelhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Radzieszyn	Poland
country	The National Development Policy is introduced by YAB Dato' Seri Dr. Mahathir Mohamad, the then Prime Minister of Malaysia intended to enhance the welfare of the Malaysia comparing to the world.	National Development Policy	Malaysia
country	Myndaba (Russian: Мындаба) is a rural locality (a selo) in Myuryunsky Rural Okrug of Ust-Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 3 kilometers (1.9 mi) from Borogontsy, the administrative center of the district and the administrative center of the rural okrug.	Myndaba	Russia
country	Isola dei Pescatori (meaning Fishermen's Island) is an island in Lake Maggiore in northern Italy.	Isola dei Pescatori	Italy
country	Angelim (Angelinne) is a municipality/city in the state of Pernambuco in Brazil.	Angelim	Brazil
country	Ar Rabahiyah is a town in the Amman Governorate of northern Jordan.	Ar Rabahiyah	Jordan
country	The Vasil Levski National Military University (Bulgarian: Национален военен университет ``Васил Левски'', Natsionalen voenen universitet ``Vasil Levski'') is Bulgaria's national military academy.	Vasil Levski National Military University	Bulgaria
country	The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets is a rock band from Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.	The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets	Canada
country	The Swiss National Park (German: Schweizerischer Nationalpark; French: Parc National Suisse; Italian: Parco Nazionale Svizzero; Romansh: Parc Naziunal Svizzer) is located in the Western Rhaetian Alps, in eastern Switzerland.	Swiss National Park	Switzerland
country	The Basswood River is a river that forms part of the Canada--	Basswood River	Canada
country	Århus Statsgymnasium is a school of secondary education and a Danish Gymnasium in the neighborhood Åbyhøj in Aarhus, Denmark.	Århus Statsgymnasium	Denmark
country	Darbekeh (Persian: دربكه‎, also Romanized as Darbakeh, Derbekeh, and Derebkeh; also known as Darībekeh, Derīkeh, and Dripka) is a village in Lahijan Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darbekeh	Iran
country	Schaaken Castle is a ruined castle originally built for the Teutonic Knights, in Nekrasovo, Kaliningrad oblast, Russia (until 1945 Liska-Schaaken in East Prussia).	Schaaken Castle	Russia
country	Kroondal is a village situated in North West Province of South Africa with a large German speaking community.	Kroondal	South Africa
country	Marajó (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈiʎɐ dʒi maɾaˈʒɔ)) is an island located at the mouth of the Amazon River in Brazil.	Marajó	Brazil
country	Młynica (mwɨˈnit͡sa) (German:Mellendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Młynica	Poland
country	Hanyoung Foreign Language High School (Hangeul: 한영외국어고등학교, Hanja: 漢榮外國語高等學校) is a selective private high school in southeast Seoul, South Korea.	Hanyoung Foreign Language High School	South Korea
country	La Cala de Mijas (English: Mijas Bay) forms part of the Municipality of Mijas in the province of Málaga, Andalusia, southern Spain.	La Cala de Mijas	Spain
country	The Great Temple of the Aten (or the pr-Jtn, House of the Aten) was located in the city of el-Amarna, Egypt, and was the main temple for the worship of the god Aten during the reign of Akhenaten (c. 1353-1336 BCE).	Great Temple of the Aten	Egypt
country	Kuş Island (Turkish: Kuş Adası, literally ``Bird Island'' ) or Arter Island (Armenian: Արտեր Arter), is a small island in Lake Van, Turkey.	Kuş Island	Turkey
country	Bonkuy-e Bagdali (Persian: بنكوي بگدلي‎, also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Bagdalī) is a village in Aviz Rural District, in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bonkuy-e Bagdali	Iran
country	Samson Road is a major east-west street in Caloocan, northern Metro Manila, Philippines.	Samson Road	Philippines
country	Megarine (Arabic: اﻟﻤﻘﺎرﻳﻦ‎) is a town and commune in Ouargla Province, Algeria, located just north of the city of Touggourt.	Megarine	Algeria
country	Gurholi (गुरोळी) is a village in Purandar Taluka, India, with an economy based mainly on agriculture where fruits such as figs, custard apples, and pomegranates are produced.	Gurholi	India
country	Left Recomposition (ARisteri ANasynthesi or ARAN) is an organization of the anti-capitalist left in Greece, strongly influenced by Mao Zedong and Louis Althusser's political philosophy.	Left Recomposition	Greece
country	Żerdno (ˈʐɛrdnɔ) (German: Schneidemühl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Żerdno	Poland
country	Pentecostal School (simplified Chinese: 五旬节中学; traditional Chinese: 五旬節中學; pinyin: Wǔxúnjié Zhōngxué) is an Anglo-Chinese secondary school founded by the Kowloon Pentecostal Church in Hong Kong in 1973.	Pentecostal School	Hong Kong
country	Pragati-III Combined Cycle Power Plant is located at Bawana Delhi, India.	Pragati-III Combined Cycle Power Plant	India
country	Skikda (Arabic: سكيكدة ‎) is a city in north eastern Algeria and a port on the Gulf of Stora, the ancient Sinus Numidicus.	Skikda	Algeria
country	Avonside is an eastern suburb in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Avonside	New Zealand
country	Sieroniowice (ɕɛrɔɲɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sieroniowice	Poland
country	The Collector's Hotels is a very local chain of hotels in the Old Town of Stockholm, Sweden, consisting of the hotels Lord Nelson, Lady Hamilton and Victory Hotel that started as a family business in 1973.	The Collector's Hotels	Sweden
country	The Alcide de Gasperi Building is a skyscraper in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Alcide de Gasperi Building	Luxembourg
country	Tagus Estuary Natural Reserve (Portuguese: Reserva Natural do Estuário do Tejo) is a natural reserve in Portugal.	Tagus Estuary Natural Reserve	Portugal
country	Tirana District (Albanian: Rrethi i Tiranës) was one of the 36 districts of Albania.	Tirana District	Albania
country	Grand-Lahou is a coastal town in southern Ivory Coast.	Grand-Lahou	Ivory Coast
country	Session Road is the main thoroughfare of Baguio in the Philippines and is the main hub of what is called the Baguio Central Business District.	Session Road	Philippines
country	Ruurlo is a town and former municipality in the province of Gelderland in the eastern part of the Netherlands.	Ruurlo	Netherlands
country	Correios De Timor-Leste (CTL) is the government agency which is responsible for providing postal services in East Timor.	Correios De Timor-Leste	East Timor
country	Mount Khabarjina (Georgian: ქაბარჯინა) is a mountain and dormant volcano in the Caucasus of Georgia.	Mount Khabarjina	Georgia
country	Thakra is a village situated in the Gujar Khan Tehsil of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Thakra	Pakistan
country	Amos/Magny Airport (IATA: YEY, ICAO: CYEY) is located 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) west of Amos, Quebec, Canada.	Amos/Magny Airport	Canada
country	Islamic International Medical College (abbreviated as IIMC), established in 1996, is school of medicine affiliated with Riphah International University and located in Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan.	Islamic International Medical College	Pakistan
country	Aguada de Baixo was a freguesia in Águeda Municipality, Aveiro District, Portugal.	Aguada de Baixo	Portugal
country	The Provisional Legislative Council or the PLC (Chinese: 臨時立法會, frequently abbreviated to 臨立會) was the interim legislature of Hong Kong from 1997 to 1998.	Provisional Legislative Council	Hong Kong
country	Malšice is a market town (městys) in Tábor District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Malšice	Czech Republic
country	Rabinówka (rabiˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rabinówka	Poland
country	El Tanque is a town and a municipality in the northwestern part of the island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands, and part of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain.	El Tanque	Spain
country	Brekke Church (Norwegian: Brekke kyrkje) is a parish church in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Brekke Church	Norway
country	Cheongnyangni 588 is a red light district in Seoul, South Korea near Cheongnyangni station.	Cheongnyangni 588	South Korea
country	Frizzell Hotsprings is a hot spring on the south bank of the Skeena River, northeast of Hotspring Point, near Prince Rupert, British Columbia, Canada.	Frizzell Hotsprings	Canada
country	The Grange P-12 College is a Prep to Year 12 government school located in the outer western suburb of Hoppers Crossing, Melbourne, Australia.	Grange P-12 College	Australia
country	Portus Ganda is the yachting port of the city of Ghent in Belgium.	Portus Ganda	Belgium
country	Tha Pla Duk (Thai: ทาปลาดุก) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Tha District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.	Tha Pla Duk	Thailand
country	Kheyrud Kenar (Persian: خيرودكنار‎, also Romanized as Kheyrūd Kenār; also known as Kheyr Rūd Kenār) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kheyrud Kenar	Iran
country	XEFV-AM is a Regional Mexican radio station serving the border towns of Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, Mexico (its city of license) and El Paso, Texas, USA (where it also maintains a sales office).	XEFV-AM	Mexico
country	Abuye Meda is a mountain located near the city of Dessye in Ethiopia.	Abuye Meda	Ethiopia
country	The National Taitung University (NTTU; Chinese: 國立臺東大學) is a national university in Taitung City, Taitung County, Taiwan.	National Taitung University	Taiwan
country	Pune Cantonment, also known as Pune Camp, is a military cantonment located in Pune, Maharashtra in India.	Pune Camp	India
country	Cheshmeh-ye Alucheh (Persian: چشمه الوچه‎‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Alūcheh) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Alucheh	Iran
country	Duvbo is an upper-middle-class residential area in Sundbyberg in suburban Stockholm, Sweden.	Duvbo	Sweden
country	Marco Davison Bascur Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Marco Davison Bascur, ICAO: SCID) is a public use airport located 32 kilometres (20 mi) north-northeast of Punto Arenas, Magallanes y Antártica Chilena, Chile.	Marco Davison Bascur Airport	Chile
country	Killa Rumi (Quechua killa moon, rumi stone, ``moon stone'', hispanicized spelling Quillarumi) is an archaeological site with rock paintings in Peru on a mountain of that name.	Killa Rumi	Peru
country	The Château de Noirmoutier is a castle on the Île de Noirmoutier in the Vendée département of France.	Château de Noirmoutier	France
country	Dood Tsagaan Lake (Mongolian: Доод Цагаан нуур: lit. ``lower white lake'') is a lake in northwestern Khövsgöl aimag, Mongolia, between the Tsagaannuur and Renchinlkhümbe sums.	Dood Tsagaan Lake	Mongolia
country	Ocho Rios (Spanish for ``Eight Rivers'') is a town in the parish of Saint Ann on the north coast of Jamaica.	Ocho Rios	Jamaica
country	Vinča (Serbian: Винча, IPA: (ʋîːntʃa)) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Vinča	Serbia
country	The Association of Galilée Valley communes (French: Communauté de communes du Val de Galilée) is a French administrative association of communes in the Vosges département of eastern France and in the region of Lorraine.	Association of Galilée Valley communes	France
country	Consolidated Credit Union Place (formerly known as the Summerside Wellness Centre) is a multi purpose facility that opened in two stages in April 2006 in the City of Summerside, Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Consolidated Credit Union Place	Canada
country	Kurakhove (Ukrainian: Курахове, Russian: Курахово) is a city in Marinka Raion of Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Kurakhove	Ukraine
country	Dupljaja (Serbian Cyrillic: Дупљаја) is a village in Serbia.	Dupljaja	Serbia
country	The Lille Metro (French: Métro de Lille) is a driverless metro located in Lille, France.	Lille Metro	France
country	Tuggerah Lake, an intermittently open intermediate wave dominated barrier estuary that is part of the Tuggerah Lakes, is located within the Wyong Shire local government area in the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Tuggerah Lake	Australia
country	Kamieniczne (kamʲɛˈɲit͡ʂnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kamieniczne	Poland
country	Nanga Sago is a mountain situated 15 km North of Leh, capital of Ladakh in India.	Nanga Sago	India
country	Qubalı (also, Kubaly) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qubalı	Azerbaijan
country	Eunsusa (literally ``Silver Water Temple'') is a small Korean Buddhist Temple that sits at the base of Sutmaibong (peak), or Elephant Rock, in the Maisan (Horse Ear Mountain) in Jinan County, North Jeolla Province, South Korea.	Eunsusa	South Korea
country	Dergajen (or Derge Agen) is a Tigrayan tabia (municipality) located 19 kilometers east of Kwiha, Ethiopia.	Dergajen	Ethiopia
country	The Siruvani River is a river near Coimbatore, South India.	Siruvani River	India
country	Pyriatyn (Ukrainian: Пирятин) is a city in Poltava Oblast, Ukraine.	Pyriatyn	Ukraine
country	Matakaoa Ward is the most northern and eastern ward in the Gisborne District on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand.	Matakaoa Ward	New Zealand
country	The Murray Brook Mine is a VMS deposit in the Bathurst Mining Camp (BMC) of northern New Brunswick, Canada owned by NovaGold Resources.	Murray Brook Mine	Canada
country	The Calvana is a cattle breed from Tuscany, in central Italy.	Calvana	Italy
country	``Looking High, High, High'' is a song by British singer Bryan Johnson, that represented the United Kingdom at the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, performed in English.	Looking High, High, High	United Kingdom
country	Tulum (sometimes Tulum Pueblo) is the largest community in the municipality of Tulum, Quintana Roo, Mexico.	Tulum, Quintana Roo	Mexico
country	Runiz-e Sofla (Persian: رونيزسفلي‎, also Romanized as Rūnīz-e Soflá; also known as Deh-e Pā’īn, Deh Pāīn, Rownīz-e Pā’īn, and Rūnīz-e Pā’īn) is a village in Runiz Rural District, Runiz District, Estahban County, Fars Province, Iran.	Runiz-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Municipal Library of Porto (Biblioteca Pública Municipal do Porto) is a library located in the city of Porto in Portugal.	Municipal Library of Porto	Portugal
country	Pabradė ( pronunciation ) is a city in Lithuania, in Švenčionys district municipality, on Žeimena river, 38 km south-west of Švenčionys.	Pabradė	Lithuania
country	The Mahas are a sub-group of the Nubian people located in Sudan along the banks of the Nile.	Mahas	Sudan
country	The Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic (Kazakh SSR or KSSR; Kazakh: Қазақ Кеңестік Социалистік Республикасы, Qazaq Keñestik Socïalïstik Respwblïkası; Russian: Казахская Советская Социалистическая Республика, Kazakhskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika) was one of the constituent republics of the Soviet Union.	Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic	Soviet Union
country	Ivanava District is an administrative subdivision, a raion of Brest Voblast, in Belarus.	Ivanava District	Belarus
country	Jalalabad Airport (IATA: JAA, ICAO: OAJL) is located 3 miles (4.8 km) southeast of Jalalabad city in Afghanistan.	Jalalabad Airport	Afghanistan
country	The Port Stephens Examiner is a weekly newspaper published in Raymond Terrace, New South Wales, Australia since 1893.	Port Stephens Examiner	Australia
country	Scar Creek Airport (TC LID: CBA7) was a small general aviation airport located near Scar Creek, British Columbia, Canada.	Scar Creek Airport	Canada
country	Molaoi (Greek: Μολάοι) is a town and a former municipality in Laconia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Molaoi	Greece
country	The Pulvermuhl Viaduct (Biisser Bréck in Luxemburgish) is a two-lane railway viaduct in Pulvermuhl in eastern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Pulvermuhl Viaduct	Luxembourg
country	Eskifjörður (in original Icelandic spelling), or also Eskifjördur, is a town and port in eastern Iceland with a large fishing industry.	Eskifjörður	Iceland
country	Sari Ojaq (Persian: ساري اجاق‎, also Romanized as Sārī Ojāq; also known as Sheykh ʿAskar) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sari Ojaq	Iran
country	Bolkesjø is a lake, village and resort in Notodden municipality, Norway.	Bolkesjø	Norway
country	Ambaliyadda (7°1'N 80°54'E) is a village in Sri Lanka.	Ambaliyadda	Sri Lanka
country	The League of Jewish Women (LJW) is a voluntary Jewish women's service organisation in the United Kingdom.	League of Jewish Women	United Kingdom
country	Golmayo is municipality in Spain, located in the province of Soria, in the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, Spain.	Golmayo	Spain
country	Chojeniec-Kolonia (xɔˈjɛɲɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Chojeniec-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Turks and Caicos National Museum is the national museum of the Turks and Caicos Islands.	Turks and Caicos National Museum	Turks and Caicos Islands
country	Lej Minor is a mountain lake in the Val Minor of the canton of Grisons, Switzerland.	Lej Minor	Switzerland
country	Velika Dolina (pronounced (ˈʋeːlika ˈdoːlina); German: Großdolina) (literally, 'big valley') is a village in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Velika Dolina	Slovenia
country	Managua (Spanish pronunciation: (maˈnaɣwa)) is the capital city of Nicaragua as well as of the department of the same name.	Managua	Nicaragua
country	Curio Bay is a coastal embayment in the Southland District of New Zealand, best known as the site of a petrified forest some 180 million years old.	Curio Bay	New Zealand
country	Punt Kanon is a point at the extreme southeast of the Caribbean island of Curaçao in the Netherlands Antilles.	Punt Kanon	Netherlands
country	The Upukerora River is a river in New Zealand, flowing into Lake Te Anau north of Te Anau township.	Upukerora River	New Zealand
country	The Jacuí River (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒakuˈi)) is a river in Rio Grande do Sul state of southern Brazil.	Jacuí River	Brazil
country	It is also a site of literary interest since Luigi Capuana, one of Italy's most famous writers in the 19th and early 20th centuries, hailed from Mineo and was at one time the town's mayor.	Mineo	Italy
country	The Adam Park Guild House is located at Adam Park Estate is a historic house at the National University of Singapore.	Adam Park Guild House	Singapore
country	Životice u Nového Jičína is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Životice u Nového Jičína	Czech Republic
country	Mahpahkum Indian Reserve No. 4, officially Mahpahkum 4, is an Indian reserve at the northwest end of Deserters Island in the Deserters Group of the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Mahpahkum Indian Reserve No. 4	Canada
country	Zorgvliet (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈzɔrxflit)) is a neighbourhood in the Scheveningen district of The Hague, Netherlands.	Zorgvliet	Netherlands
country	Fuenlabrada (Spanish pronunciation: (fwenlaˈβɾaða)) is a city and municipality located in the Madrid Metropolitan Area, in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain.	Fuenlabrada	Spain
country	Orillia Transit is operated by First Student Canada (formerly Laidlaw School Transit) under contract to the City of Orillia in central Ontario, Canada.	Orillia Transit	Canada
country	The Ufa Plateau (Russian: Уфимское Плато, Ufimskoye Plato) is a plateau where the city of Ufa is located in Bashkortostan and Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia.	Ufa Plateau	Russia
country	Bistritsa Babi (Bulgarian: Бистришките баби, ``The Bistritsa Grannies'') are an elderly/multi-generational female vocal ensemble carrying on the traditional dances and polyphonic singing of the Shopluk region of Bulgaria.	Bistritsa Babi	Bulgaria
country	The Central African Armed Forces (French: Forces armées centrafricaines (FACA)) are the armed forces of the Central African Republic, established after independence in 1960.	Central African Armed Forces	Central African Republic
country	Simitli (Bulgarian: Симитли) also known as Simitliya (Bulgarian: Симитлия), is a small city in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.	Simitli	Bulgaria
country	Tangaroa College is a state coeducational secondary school catering for years 9-13 in Ōtara, Auckland, New Zealand.	Tangaroa College	New Zealand
country	Sialkot (Punjabi, Urdu: سيالكوٹ‎) is a city in, and the administrative headquarters for, Sialkot District, located in the northeast of the Punjab, Pakistan.	Sialkot	Pakistan
country	Bare Creek, a watercourse that is part of the Middle Harbour catchment of Sydney Harbour, is located in the northern beaches region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Bare Creek	Australia
country	Taksim Stadium (Turkish: Taksim Stadı) was the first football stadium in Istanbul, Turkey.	Taksim Stadium	Turkey
country	The Bischheim Musée du bain rituel juif (Jewish ritual bath museum of Bischheim) is a museum in Bischheim, France, in which Jewish bathing rituals were practiced, now recognized as a historical monument in France.	Bischheim Musée du bain rituel juif	France
country	Poręba Średnia (pɔˈrɛmba ˈɕrɛdɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Poręba Średnia	Poland
country	Klimkowo (klʲimˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klimkowo	Poland
country	Húnavatnshreppur is a rural municipality located in north-western Iceland.	Húnavatnshreppur	Iceland
country	Interlaken Airport (ICAO: LSMI) is a former military airbase in Interlaken, Switzerland.	Interlaken Airport	Switzerland
country	Booti Booti National Park is a national park in New South Wales, Australia, 282 kilometres (175 mi), by road, north-north-east of Sydney.	Booti Booti National Park	Australia
country	Chellala (Arabic: شلالة, lit. waterfall) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria.	Chellala	Algeria
country	Akhmat Tower is a supertall skyscraper proposed in Grozny, Russia.	Akhmat Tower	Russia
country	Jereslavec (pronounced (jɛɾɛˈslaːʋəts)) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sotla River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Jereslavec	Slovenia
country	Seznam.cz (or just Seznam, which means directory in English) is a web portal and search engine in the Czech Republic.	Seznam.cz	Czech Republic
country	Prince Alfred College (also referred to as PAC, Princes, and in sporting circles, The Reds) is a private independent, day and boarding school for boys, located on Dequetteville Terrace, Kent Town - near the centre of Adelaide, South Australia.	Prince Alfred College	Australia
country	The Mount Bozdağ (Azerbaijani: Bozdağ dağı) is a mountain in Greater Caucasus near Mingechevir city, Azerbaijan.	Mount Bozdağ	Azerbaijan
country	Gerd Gavabar (Persian: گردگوابر‎, also Romanized as Gerd Gavābar and Gerd Gavāber; also known as Gerehgoabar) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gerd Gavabar	Iran
country	Tepalcatepec is a town in Michoacán, Mexico, located north of Canollita.	Tepalcatepec	Mexico
country	Solur Bazar (Persian: سلوربازار‎, also Romanized as Solūr Bāzār; also known as Sowlūr Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Solur Bazar	Iran
country	From the 2010 National Census, Seberang Perai has a population of 815,767, the second most populous local government area in Malaysia.	Seberang Perai	Malaysia
country	Castel Sant'Elia is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Viterbo, Latium, central Italy, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Rome and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Viterbo.	Castel Sant'Elia	Italy
country	Isortoq Heliport (IATA: IOQ, ICAO: BGIS) is a heliport in Isortoq, a village in the Sermersooq municipality in southeastern Greenland.	Isortoq Heliport	Greenland
country	Zákupy (Czech pronunciation: (ˈzaːkupɪ); German: Reichstadt) is a town of the Česká Lípa District, in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Zákupy	Czech Republic
country	Qarchak (Persian: قرچک‎; also known as Qareh Chak) is a city in and the capital of Qarchak County, in Tehran Province, Iran.	Qarchak	Iran
country	There was a cult gossain in the central India and one of the descendant of the followers of this cult Himmat Bahadur Gossain who actively took part in Indian freedom struggle was born in Kulpahar and Kulpahar had connection with this cult since the origin of the cult.	Kulpahar	India
country	Sural (Persian: سورال‎, also Romanized as Sūrāl; also known as Surhāl) is a village in Sis Rural District, Bolbanabad District, Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sural	Iran
country	Kashkarantsy (Russian: Кашкаранцы) is the rural locality (a Selo) in Tersky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Kashkarantsy	Russia
country	The Trifinio biosphere reserve is located where El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras meet their border, thus the prefix tri in its name.	Trifinio biosphere reserve	Guatemala
country	Rai Bahadur (also Rao Bahadur in South India), abbreviated R.B., was a title of honour bestowed during British rule in India to individuals for their service to the Empire.	Rao Bahadur	India
country	Osięciny (ɔɕenˈt͡ɕinɨ) (German: Ossenholz, Yiddish: אשענטשין‎) is a village in Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Osięciny	Poland
country	White Sands Shopping Centre (Chinese: 白沙购物中心) is a shopping mall in Pasir Ris, Singapore next to Pasir Ris MRT as well as the Pasir Ris Bus Interchange.	White Sands Shopping Centre	Singapore
country	Akhandalamani Temple at Aradi village, Odisha, India, is dedicated to Lord Siva.	Akhandalamani Temple	India
country	Agropolis Fondation, extended name ``Montpellier Agricultural Sciences and Sustainable Development'' was created in France on Feb. 21st, 2007 by the three initial founding institutions INRA, CIRAD, and Montpellier SupAgro.	Agropolis Fondation	France
country	Moulton War Memorial stands in Main Road, Moulton, Cheshire, England.	Moulton War Memorial	England
country	The Basque Parliament (Basque: Eusko Legebiltzarra, Spanish: Parlamento Vasco) is the legislative body of the Basque Autonomous Community of Spain and the elected assembly to which the Basque Government is responsible.	Basque Parliament	Spain
country	Dołżyn (ˈdɔu̯ʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dołżyn	Poland
country	Mezhyrich (Ukrainian: Межиріч, also referred to as Mezhirich) is a village (selo) in central Ukraine.	Mezhyrich	Ukraine
country	Bombetoka Bay is a bay on the northwestern coast of Madagascar near the city of Mahajanga, where the Betsiboka River flows into the Mozambique Channel.	Bombetoka Bay	Madagascar
country	The International Rally of Queensland, known previously as Rally Queensland, is a rally racing event held in the Gympie Region of Queensland, Australia run by the Brisbane Sporting Car Club.	International Rally of Queensland	Australia
country	Yunlin County (Chinese: 雲林縣; pinyin: Yúnlín Xiàn) is a county in western Taiwan.	Yunlin County	Taiwan
country	Oshnuzang (Persian: اشنوزنگ‎, also Romanized as Oshnūzang and Oshnuzeng; also known as Oshnūrang and Shenow Zang) is a village in Lahijan Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Oshnuzang	Iran
country	Nightcliff Primary School is one of the oldest primary schools in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.	Nightcliff Primary School	Australia
country	Nett also written as Net, is one of the administrative divisions of Pohnpei State, Federated States of Micronesia.	Nett	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Fornos de Algodres (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈfɔɾnuʒ ðɨ ɐɫˈɣoðɾɨʃ)) is a municipality and a town in Portugal.	Fornos de Algodres	Portugal
country	The Bin Qasim Industrial Zone is one of the largest industrial areas in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Bin Qasim Industrial Zone	Pakistan
country	Mahalakshmi Layout is a suburb in north-west Bengaluru, India.	Mahalakshmi Layout	India
country	Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Ławsk (wafsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ławsk	Poland
country	The Garfield Sobers Gymnasium (or occasionally the ``Wildey Gym'') is one of the main government-owned indoor sporting facilities located in the country of Barbados.	Garfield Sobers Gymnasium	Barbados
country	Fera Airport is an airport on Fera Island in the Solomon Islands (IATA: FRE, ICAO: AGGF).	Fera Airport	Solomon Islands
country	Conches-sur-Gondoire (pronounced: (kɔ̃ːʃ syʁ ɡɔ̃dwaːʁ)) is a commune on the Gondoire river in Brie, in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Conches-sur-Gondoire	France
country	Paunoviči (pronounced (ˈpaːunɔʋitʃi)) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Paunoviči	Slovenia
country	Savo Railway Museum (Finnish: Savon Radan Museo) is a museum located in Pieksämäki, Finland.	Savo Railway Museum	Finland
country	Prevole (pronounced (ˈpɾeːʋɔlɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Prevole	Slovenia
country	Lombadan-e Pain (Persian: لمبه دان پائين‎, also Romanized as Lombadān-e Pā’īn; also known as Lombadān, Lombadān-e Soflá, Lompehdān, and Lompehdān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Lombadan-e Pain	Iran
country	Caloocan National Science and Technology High School (Filipino: Mataas na Paaralang Pang-Agham at Teknolohiyang Pambansa ng Caloocan) colloquially known as CNSTHS or CalNatSci is a specialized public high school in the Philippines.	Caloocan National Science and Technology High School	Philippines
country	Strandby is a coastal town in Denmark, located in Region Nordjylland.	Strandby	Denmark
country	Gull Lake Airport, (TC LID: CJK5), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) south of Gull Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Gull Lake Airport	Canada
country	Greek National Road 81 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 81, abbreviated as EO81) is a single carriageway road in Attica, Greece.	Greek National Road 81	Greece
country	(Er.) Dharmendra yadav As of 2001 India census, Itaura had a population of 19,455.	Itaura	India
country	Salah Chin (Persian: سلح چين‎, also Romanized as Salaḩ Chīn; also known as Sang Būr and Sankbor) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Salah Chin	Iran
country	José Celestino Mutis Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto José Celestino Mutis) (IATA: BSC, ICAO: SKBS) is an airport serving Bahía Solano, a municipality of the Chocó Department in Colombia.	José Celestino Mutis Airport	Colombia
country	Bufkan (Persian: بوفكان‎, also Romanized as Būfkān; also known as Būkān) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bufkan	Iran
country	Brummana High School (BHS, Arabic: مدرسة برمانا الثانوية‎) is a private secondary school in Lebanon.	Brummana High School	Lebanon
country	Hundested is a town with a population of 8,543 (1 January 2015) and a former municipality (Danish, kommune) in Region Hovedstaden in the northern part of the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in eastern Denmark.	Hundested	Denmark
country	During the summer of 2015, a new scoreboard is being installed at the Air Canada Centre, and the old scoreboard will be installed at Ricoh Coliseum.	Ricoh Coliseum	Canada
country	Irgalem (Amharic: ይርጋለም?; also spelled Yrgalam, Yrgalem and Yrga Alem; alternate names include Abosto, Dalle) is a town in southern Ethiopia.	Irgalem	Ethiopia
country	Oulun Suomalaisen Yhteiskoulun Lukio (abbr. OSYK, English: Finnish Co-educational Lycée of Oulu) is a Finnish-language upper secondary school in Oulu, Finland.	Oulun Suomalaisen Yhteiskoulun Lukio	Finland
country	Pushkin Leningrad State University (Russian: Ленинградский государственный университет имени А.С. Пушкина) is a university in Russia, located in Pushkin, Saint Petersburg.	Pushkin Leningrad State University	Russia
country	The Metrolink system is the only tram network in the United Kingdom to run multiple vehicles together and subsequently the M5000 can operate as either a single vehicle or coupled together to form a ``double'' unit.	M5000	United Kingdom
country	Monte Settepani is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Alps.	Monte Settepani	Italy
country	Nandigram Upazila (Bengali: নন্দীগ্রাম উপজেলা) is an upazila of Bogra District in the Division of Rajshahi, Bangladesh.	Nandigram Upazila	Bangladesh
country	Silverstream Railway Station is a suburban railway station serving Silverstream in Upper Hutt, New Zealand.	Silverstream Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Westmead Hospital is a major 975 bed tertiary hospital in Sydney, Australia, opened on 10 November 1978 by the then Premier, Neville Wran, and guest of honour was former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam.	Westmead Hospital	Australia
country	Lac-à-la-Tortue Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CSU7) is located on Lac-à-la-Tortue, Quebec, Canada and is open from May until October.	Lac-à-la-Tortue Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Wright Pulsar Gemini is a type of double-decker bus body built for VDL DB250 and used in the United Kingdom since 2003.	Wright Pulsar Gemini	United Kingdom
country	Viveiro (Galician pronunciation: (biˈβejɾo)) is a town and municipality in the province of Lugo, in the northwestern Galician autonomous community of Spain.	Viveiro	Spain
country	Lalapanzi is a village in Midlands province in Zimbabwe.	Lalapanzi	Zimbabwe
country	Vanadzor State University named after Hovhannes Tumanyan (VSU) (Armenian: Վանաձորի Հովհաննես Թումանյանի անվան Պետական Համալսարան) is a university in Vanadzor, Lori Province, Armenia.	Vanadzor State University	Armenia
country	Gredina (Cyrillic: Гредина) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gredina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tafila Technical University (TTU) (Arabic جامعة الطفيلة التقنية), is a public university in Jordan.	Tafila Technical University	Jordan
country	Ravyan (Persian: راويان‎, also Romanized as Rāvyān and Rāvīyān; also known as Rūyān) is a village in Zeri Rural District, Qatur District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ravyan	Iran
country	Cheronge is a settlement in Kenya's Central Province (Swahili: Kati).	Cheronge	Kenya
country	Jeongseon Alpine Centre (정선 알파인 경기장) is an alpine skiing area being developed in South Korea.	Jeongseon Alpine Centre	South Korea
country	Sundarpur kathauli is a village, situated in Azamgarh district, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Sundarpur kathauli	India
country	Vasilsursk (Russian: Васильсу́рск) is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Vorotynsky District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the Sura River, not far from its fall into the Volga.	Vasilsursk	Russia
country	Darkush (Arabic: دركوش‎; also spelled Darkoush or Derkush) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located northwest of Idlib along the Syrian--	Darkush	Syria
country	The Taltal wind farm is a wind energy project under construction in northern Chile which when complete is expected to be the most productive wind farm in the country.	Taltal wind farm	Chile
country	Los Cristianos is a town in Spain with a population of 20,506 (2015), situated on the south coast of the Canary Island of Tenerife.	Los Cristianos	Spain
country	The Bördekreis was a district (Kreis) in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Bördekreis	Germany
country	Popowo-Ignacewo (pɔˈpɔvɔ iɡnaˈt͡sɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Popowo-Ignacewo	Poland
country	Polysayevo (Russian: Полыса́ево) is a town in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Inya River 139 kilometers (86 mi) south of Kemerovo.	Polysayevo	Russia
country	Bombay High, also known as Mumbai High, is an offshore oilfield 162 kilometres (101 mi) off the coast of Mumbai, India, in about 75 m of water.	Bombay High	India
country	Noodasjärv is a lake in Estonia's Voru County.	Noodasjärv	Estonia
country	Lugari District was one of the seventy-one districts of Kenya, located in that country's Western Province.	Lugari District	Kenya
country	Sekirišče (in older sources also Sekiršče) is a small settlement north of the road that leads from Rob to Krvava Peč in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Sekirišče	Slovenia
country	Mengzhou (Chinese: 孟州; pinyin: Mèngzhōu) is a County-level city in Henan province, People's Republic of China.	Mengzhou	People's Republic of China
country	Qalatuyeh (Persian: قلاتويه‎, also Romanized as Qalātūyeh, Qalātū’īyeh, and Qalātūīyeh; also known as Kalato and Kalātu) is a village in Abshur Rural District, Forg District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qalatuyeh	Iran
country	Aboke is a town in northern Kole District, Uganda.	Aboke	Uganda
country	Çukurova (Turkish pronunciation: (tʃukuɾova)), historically known as Cilicia, is a geo-cultural region in south-central Turkey, covering the provinces of Mersin, Adana, Osmaniye and Hatay.	Çukurova	Turkey
country	Froleh (pronounced (ˈfɾoːlɛx)) is a road-side settlement in the Slovene Hills in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in northeastern Slovenia.	Froleh	Slovenia
country	Monte d'Accoddi is an archaeological site in northern Sardinia, Italy, located in the territory of Sassari near Porto Torres.	Monte d'Accoddi	Italy
country	Plače (pronounced (ˈplaːtʃɛ)) is a small settlement in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Plače	Slovenia
country	Mahbub Kandi (Persian: محبوب كندي‎, also Romanized as Maḩbūb Kandī) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mahbub Kandi	Iran
country	Lake Seewen (German: Seewener See) is a former lake in Seewen, Canton of Solothurn, in Switzerland.	Lake Seewen	Switzerland
country	Plélo (Breton: Pleuloc'h, Gallo: Pléloc) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plélo	France
country	The Strategic Missile Troops or Strategic Rocket Forces of the Russian Federation or RVSN RF are a military branch of the Russian Armed Forces that controls Russia's land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs).	Strategic Missile Troops	Russia
country	The Khan Khentii Strictly Protected Area is a 12,270 km2 (4,740 sq mi) government administered Strictly Protected Area in the Khentii aimag (province) in Eastern Mongolia.	Khan Khentii Strictly Protected Area	Mongolia
country	Tell Chuera is an ancient Near Eastern tell site in Ar Raqqah Governorate, northern Syria.	Tell Chuera	Syria
country	Oostende railway station (IATA: ZGJ) is located in Ostend in West Flanders, Belgium.	Oostende railway station	Belgium
country	The East Klang Valley Expressway, EKVE is a new expressway under planning in Klang Valley, Malaysia.	East Klang Valley Expressway	Malaysia
country	Saint-Priest-Taurion (Occitan: Sent Prech) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Saint-Priest-Taurion	France
country	Flerzheim is a district of Rheinbach in the Rhein-Sieg-Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Flerzheim	Germany
country	Aghal (Urdu: اغال‎) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Aghal	Pakistan
country	In September 1942 the Gestapo established a labour camp in Großbeeren, where at least 1197 forced labourers from Belgium, Czechoslovakia, France, Poland, Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union were killed.	Großbeeren	Germany
country	The Manly Golf Club is a golf club in Manly, New South Wales, Australia.	Manly Golf Club	Australia
country	Plan de Sánchez is a village in the municipality of Rabinal, Baja Verapaz department, Guatemala.	Plan de Sánchez	Guatemala
country	In 1821 it was declared the first port of Mazatlán on Mexico's Pacific coast.	Mazatlán	Mexico
country	The Vanj River is a river in east Tajikistan.	Vanj River	Tajikistan
country	Corroios is a civil parish in the municipality of Seixal in the district of Setúbal, Portugal.	Corroios	Portugal
country	Hilweyne is a coastal town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Hilweyne	Somalia
country	Maranello is a town and comune in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Northern Italy, 18 km from Modena, with a population of 17,165 as of 2013.	Maranello	Italy
country	Bakop is a village on the south coast of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.	Bakop	Papua New Guinea
country	The Comarca del Ebro is a comarca of the Province of Burgos in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain.	Comarca del Ebro	Spain
country	Varzob District or Nohiyai Varzob (Tajik: Ноҳияи Варзоб / Persian: ناحیۀ ورزاب‎) is a district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan, lying north of Dushanbe.	Varzob District	Tajikistan
country	Fanshawe Lake is a popular rowing venue, hosting several regattas throughout the year, the lake is home to the London Training Centre for Canada's women's national rowing team, the University of Western Ontario's rowing team and Western-Middlesex Rowing Club.	Fanshawe Lake	Canada
country	Ralam Glacier is one of the main Himalayan glaciers situated on the hills of Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand, India.	Ralam Glacier	India
country	Zbulitów Mały (zbuˈlituf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wohyń, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zbulitów Mały	Poland
country	Queen Victoria Village, generally known as QV Melbourne or just QV, is a precinct in the central business district of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Queen Victoria Village	Australia
country	The Tigr was chartered to tow the BOS 400 from Pointe-Noire in the Republic of Congo to Cape Town, South Africa.	BOS 400	South Africa
country	Steenbecque (Dutch: Steenbeke or Steenbeeke) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Steenbecque	France
country	China Bay railway station is a railway station in China Bay, near Trincomalee in eastern Sri Lanka.	China Bay railway station	Sri Lanka
country	Bagore-ki-Haveli is a haveli in Udaipur in Rajasthan state in India.	Bagore-ki-Haveli	India
country	AMP Centre is a Sydney skyscraper located at 50 Bridge Street, Sydney NSW Australia.	AMP Centre	Australia
country	The Farol da Ponta de São Lourenço is a lighthouse located on the islet of São Lourenço, marking the extreme east of Madeira island, Portugal.	Farol da Ponta de São Lourenço	Portugal
country	Pengzhou (Chinese: 彭州; pinyin: Péngzhōu), formerly Peng County or Pengxian, is a county-level city under the jurisdiction of Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, People's Republic of China, some 19 km (11.81 mi) northwest of Chengdu.	Pengzhou	People's Republic of China
country	The Bolaman Castle (Turkish: Bolaman Kalesi) is a historic castle located at Bolaman town of Fatsa in Ordu Province, Turkey.	Bolaman Castle	Turkey
country	Zakojca (pronounced (zaˈkoːi̯tsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Zakojca	Slovenia
country	The FIFI Wild Cup was an alternative football World Cup held in summer 2006 in Germany.	FIFI Wild Cup	Germany
country	Khaidarkan (Kyrgyz: Айдаркен; Russian: Хайдаркан or more recently Айдаркен) is an urban-type settlement in Batken Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Khaidarkan	Kyrgyzstan
country	Sardarpur was a British station in Central India during the British Raj, and was within the state of Gwalior.	Sardarpur	India
country	Deh Khosrow (Persian: ده خسرو‎; also known as Dāvūd Rashīd-e Khosrow, Dāvūd Rash, Dāvūd Rashīd, and Shahīd Rajā’ī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh Khosrow	Iran
country	The Shire of Koorda is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 240 kilometres (150 mi) northeast of Perth, the state capital.	Shire of Koorda	Australia
country	Ahlat (Armenian: Խլաթ, Khlat; Ottoman Turkish: اخلاط), is a historic town and district in Turkey's Bitlis Province in Eastern Anatolia Region.	Ahlat	Turkey
country	Leśniowice (lɛɕɲɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Leśniowice	Poland
country	Mount Kerinci (also spelled Kerintji, among several other ways, and referred to as Gunung Kerinci, Gadang, Berapi Kurinci, Kerinchi, Korinci/Korintji, or Peak of Indrapura/Indrapoera) is the highest volcano in Indonesia, and the highest peak on the island of Sumatra.	Mount Kerinci	Indonesia
country	Zaramin-e Sofla (Persian: زرامين سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zarāmīn-e Soflá and Zaramin Sofla; also known as Zaramin and Zarāmīn-e Pā’īn) is a village in Fazl Rural District, Zarrin Dasht District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Zaramin-e Sofla	Iran
country	Po Leung Kuk Mrs. Ma Kam Ming-Cheung Fook Sien College (Chinese: 保良局馬錦明夫人章馥仙中學) is a full-time grammar school situated in Tung Chung, Lantau, Hong Kong, beside Fu Tung Estate.	Po Leung Kuk Mrs. Ma Kam Ming-Cheung Fook Sien College	Hong Kong
country	CEU San Pablo University (Spanish: Universidad CEU San Pablo) is a private, Catholic university established more than 75 years ago in Madrid and is today one of Spain's most prestigious academic institutions consistently ranked among the top 5 private universities (``El Mundo Ranking'').	CEU San Pablo University	Spain
country	Valani (Persian: ولني‎, also Romanized as Valanī) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Valani	Iran
country	The National League for Democracy (Burmese: အမျိုးသား ဒီမိုကရေစီ အဖွဲ့ချုပ်, IPA: (ʔəmjóðá dìmòkəɹèsì ʔəpʰwḛdʑoʊʔ); NLD) is a democratic socialist and liberal democratic political party in Myanmar (Burma).	National League for Democracy	Myanmar
country	Sulęcin (suˈlɛnt͡ɕin) (German: Zielenzig) is a town in western Poland with 10,638 inhabitants (2008), the capital of Sulecin County, since 1999 in Lubusz Voivodeship.	Sulęcin	Poland
country	Līksna is a village in Līksna parish, Daugavpils municipality in southeastern Latvia.	Līksna	Latvia
country	Dream World is an amusement park in Thanyaburi district, Pathum Thani province, Thailand.	Dream World	Thailand
country	Medevi brunn, is Scandinavia's oldest spa, located on the eastern shore of Lake Vättern, in north-west Östergötland, Sweden.	Medevi	Sweden
country	Vétheuil is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, France.	Vétheuil	France
country	The National Ideal for Unity or NIU (Natzionalen Ideal za Edinstvo) (Bulgarian: Национален идеал за единство), was a nationalist political party in Bulgaria.	National Ideal for Unity	Bulgaria
country	Sipacapa is a municipality in the San Marcos department, situated in the Western highlands of Guatemala.	Sipacapa	Guatemala
country	The Massif de l'Étoile (Occitan: Montanha de l'Estela, French: massif de l'Étoile, i.e. ``Star Mountain'', ``Star Massif'') is a little mountain range located north of Marseilles, in Occitania and in France.	Massif de l'Étoile	France
country	Theewaterskloof Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Sonderend River near Villiersdorp, Western Cape, South Africa.	Theewaterskloof Dam	South Africa
country	Naini Saini Airport also Known as Pithoragarh Airstrip is located in Pithoragarh, Uttarakhand, India.	Naini Saini Airport	India
country	Sistema Cantareira (Cantareira system) is a water supply system in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Sistema Cantareira	Brazil
country	Gazdunuiyeh (Persian: گزدونوييه‎, also Romanized as Gazdūnūīyeh) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gazdunuiyeh	Iran
country	Strykhaliuky (Ukrainian: Стрихалюки) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Strykhaliuky	Ukraine
country	The square was named Mexikoplatz in 1956, to honour the support Mexico gave to Austria in 1938, when it was the only country to protest the Anschluss (annexation) of Austria by Nazi Germany.	Mexikoplatz	Austria
country	Limoux (French pronunciation: ​(limu); Occitan: Limós (liˈmus)) is a commune and subprefecture in the Aude department, a part of the ancient Languedoc province and the present-day Languedoc-Roussillon region in southern France.	Limoux	France
creator	While the Light Lasts and Other Stories is a short story collection by Agatha Christie first published in the UK on 4 August 1997 by HarperCollins.	While the Light Lasts and Other Stories	Agatha Christie
creator	The Judgement of Cambyses is an oil on wood diptych by Dutch artist Gerard David, depicting the arrest and flaying of the corrupt Persian judge Sisamnes on the order of Cambyses, based on Herodotus's Histories.	The Judgement of Cambyses	Gerard David
creator	Angie Tribeca is an American comedy television series created by Steve Carell and Nancy Walls Carell.	Angie Tribeca	Steve Carell
creator	Doctor Aybolit (Russian: Доктор Айболит, Aibolit) is a fictional character from the children's poems Aybolit and Barmaley by Korney Chukovsky.	Doctor Aybolit	Korney Chukovsky
creator	SportsCenter was conceived in 1979, and created by ESPN executives Chet Simmons and Scotty Connal.	SportsCenter	Chet Simmons
creator	The Head of Christ, also called the Sallman Head, is a 1940 portrait painting of Jesus of Nazareth by American artist Warner Sallman (1892-1968).	Head of Christ	Warner Sallman
creator	Pony und Knappe (English: Pony and Knappe) is an outdoor 1896 bronze sculpture by German sculptor Erdmann Encke, installed in Tiergarten in Berlin, Germany.	Pony und Knappe	Erdmann Encke
creator	Latino sine flexione (``Latin without inflections''), or Peano's Interlingua (abbreviated as IL), is an international auxiliary language invented by the Italian mathematician Giuseppe Peano (1858--1932) in 1903.	Latino sine flexione	Giuseppe Peano
creator	Eros, Inside Eros (1986) is a bronze sculpture by Arman.	Eros, Inside Eros	Arman
creator	Sky Mirror is a public sculpture by artist Anish Kapoor.	Sky Mirror	Anish Kapoor
creator	The First Game is a painting by Arnold Friberg, and was commissioned in 1968 by Chevrolet Motor Division as one of four paintings to commemorate the then-upcoming centennial celebration of college football in the United States.	The First Game	Arnold Friberg
creator	Mouk is an animated television series (62 x 11') produced by the French company Millimages, adapted from the work of Marc Boutavant, and directed by François Narboux.	Mouk	Marc Boutavant
creator	The Clothed Maja (Spanish: La maja vestida) is a painting by the Spanish painter Francisco de Goya between 1800 and 1805.	La maja vestida	Francisco de Goya
creator	Balaam and the Ass is a 1626 painting by the Dutch artist Rembrandt, dating from his time in Leiden and now in the Musée Cognacq-Jay in Paris.	Balaam and the Ass	Rembrandt
creator	My Bed is a work by the British artist Tracey Emin.	My Bed	Tracey Emin
creator	Soleil dans le ciel de Saint-Paul (French for ``Sun in the sky of Saint-Paul'') is a painting in oil on canvas, 73 × 115.5 cm, created in 1983 by Russian-French artist Marc Chagall.	Soleil dans le ciel de Saint-Paul	Marc Chagall
creator	The Search for the Funniest Mom in America, or simply Funniest Mom, is a six-part reality series that features a competition between ten female comedians who compete for $50,000, the opportunity to develop her own show for Nick at Nite and host a special night of programming on the network.	The Search for the Funniest Mom in America	Nick at Nite
creator	Monkeys (Chair) is a sculpture by the American artist Jeff Koons (112 x 23 x 26 in).	Monkeys (Chair)	Jeff Koons
creator	Pingu is a British-Swiss stop-motion animated children's comedy television series created by Otmar Gutmann and produced from 1986 to 2000 for Swiss television by Trickfilmstudio and The Pygos Group.	Pingu	Otmar Gutmann
creator	The Totteridge XI is an 1897 oil on canvas work by English painter Arthur Wardle.	The Totteridge XI	Arthur Wardle
creator	A Polish Nobleman is a 1637 painting by Rembrandt depicting a man in a costume of either Polish szlachta or Eastern-European boyar nobility.	A Polish Nobleman	Rembrandt
creator	Dylan Hunt is the name of two fictional characters created for television by Gene Roddenberry.	Dylan Hunt	Gene Roddenberry
creator	So Long Sucker is a board game invented in 1950 by John Forbes Nash, Mel Hausner, Lloyd S. Shapley and Martin Shubik.	So Long Sucker	John Forbes Nash	Martin Shubik
creator	The Virgin of the Rocks (sometimes the Madonna of the Rocks) is the name used for two paintings by Leonardo da Vinci, of the same subject, and of a composition which is identical except for several significant details.	Virgin of the Rocks	Leonardo da Vinci
creator	Sunbaker is a 1937 black-and-white photograph by Australian modernist photographer Max Dupain, depicting the head and shoulders of a man lying on a beach, taken from a low angle.	Sunbaker	Max Dupain
creator	Two Crabs is an 1889 oil painting by Vincent van Gogh.	Two Crabs	Vincent van Gogh
creator	The Problem We All Live With is a 1964 painting by Norman Rockwell.	The Problem We All Live With	Norman Rockwell
creator	Rhein II is a photograph made by German visual artist Andreas Gursky in 1999.	Rhein II	Andreas Gursky
creator	The Cortona Triptych is a depiction of the Madonna and Child with saints, by Fra Angelico now at the Diocesan Museum, Cortona, Italy.	Cortona Triptych	Fra Angelico
creator	Daphne and Chloe (Spanish: Dafnis y Cloe) is a painting by award-winning Filipino painter and hero Juan Luna.	Daphne and Chloe	Juan Luna
creator	I Want a Dog is a children's book written and illustrated by Dayal Kaur Khalsa, originally published by Tundra Books and Clarkson N. Potter in 1987.	I Want a Dog	Dayal Kaur Khalsa
creator	The Fighting Temeraire tugged to her last berth to be broken up, 1838 is an oil painting by the English artist J. M. W. Turner.	The Fighting Temeraire	J. M. W. Turner
creator	Escogedoras de café (Coffee Pickers) (1939) is a painting by the Ecuadorian social realist artist Alba Calderón.	Escogedoras de café	Alba Calderón
creator	Joanie Loves Chachi was the first Miller-Boyett (and only Garry Marshall-produced) sitcom developed by Tom Miller and Robert L. Boyett, and was created by Lowell Ganz, Mark Rothman, and Garry Marshall.	Joanie Loves Chachi	Lowell Ganz
creator	News at 6:30 is also for free reviewing on TVB News' website.	News at 6:30	TVB News
creator	On Photography is a 1977 collection of essays by Susan Sontag.	On Photography	Susan Sontag
creator	The Brady Bunch Hour is an American variety television series featuring skits and songs produced by Sid and Marty Krofft in association with Paramount Television, which aired on ABC between 1976 to 1977.	The Brady Bunch Hour	Sid and Marty Krofft
creator	The Spanish Wedding or La Vicaria (1868-1870) is a masterwork by Marià Fortuny i Marsal, also known as Marià Fortuny or Mariano Fortuny.	The Spanish Wedding	Marià Fortuny
creator	The Martelli Annunciation is a painting by Filippo Lippi, in the Martelli Chapel in the left transept of the Basilica di San Lorenzo, Florence.	Martelli Annunciation	Filippo Lippi
creator	Portrait of Baldassare Castiglione is a c. 1514--1515 oil painting attributed to the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael.	Portrait of Baldassare Castiglione	Raphael
creator	Swans Reflecting Elephants (1937) is a painting by the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí.	Swans Reflecting Elephants	Salvador Dalí
creator	The Green Green Grass is a BBC television sitcom, created and initially written by John Sullivan, produced by Shazam Productions for the BBC.	The Green Green Grass	John Sullivan
creator	Leonidas at Thermopylae is an 1814 painting by Jacques-Louis David now on show at the Louvre.	Leonidas at Thermopylae	Jacques-Louis David
creator	Peace Concluded, 1856 (1856) is a painting by John Everett Millais which depicts a wounded British officer reading The Times newspaper's report of the end of the Crimean War.	Peace Concluded	John Everett Millais
creator	The Weapon Shops of Isher is a science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt, first published in 1951.	The Weapon Shops of Isher	A. E. van Vogt
creator	The Brazen Serpent is a painting by Peter Paul Rubens, probably dating to between 1635 and 1640.	The Brazen Serpent	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	A break away! is an 1891 painting by Australian artist Tom Roberts.	A break away!	Tom Roberts
creator	The Steuben Monument is a public art work by Swiss-American artist J. Otto Schweizer, located on the west side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Steuben Monument	J. Otto Schweizer
creator	DC's Legends of Tomorrow, or simply Legends of Tomorrow, is an American television series developed by Greg Berlanti, Marc Guggenheim, Andrew Kreisberg and Phil Klemmer, who are also executive producers along with Sarah Schechter and Chris Fedak;	Legends of Tomorrow	Greg Berlanti
creator	How to Explain Pictures to a Dead Hare (German: ''wie man dem toten Hasen die Bilder erklärt'') was a performance piece enacted by the German artist Joseph Beuys on 26 November 1965 at the Galerie Schmela in Düsseldorf.	How to Explain Pictures to a Dead Hare	Joseph Beuys
creator	The Pioneer Woman monument is a bronze sculpture in Ponca City, Oklahoma, designed by Bryant Baker and dedicated on April 22, 1930.	Pioneer Woman	Bryant Baker
creator	Keiller's marmalade company first produced the cake commercially and have been claimed to be the originators of the term ``Dundee cake''.	Dundee cake	Keiller's marmalade
creator	The Miró Wall is a ceramic tiled wall designed by Spanish artist Joan Miró for the Wilhelm Hack Museum in Ludwigshafen, Germany.	Miró Wall	Joan Miró
creator	Des racines et des ailes is a French television documentary series created by Patrick de Carolis and Patrick Charles in 1997.	Des racines et des ailes	Patrick de Carolis
creator	Le Suicidé is a small oil painting by Édouard Manet, completed between 1877 and 1881.	Le Suicidé	Édouard Manet
creator	Cascading Waterfall, is a public artwork by American artist John Joseph Earley, located Meridian Hill Park, which is in Washington, DC, United States.	Cascading Waterfall	John Joseph Earley
creator	The Portrait of Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Piero della Francesca (c. 1451).	Portrait of Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta	Piero della Francesca
creator	DNA Tower, a public sculpture by American glass artist Dale Chihuly, is in the Morris Mills Atrium of the VanNuys Medical Science Building, on the campus of Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI), which is near downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.	DNA Tower	Dale Chihuly
creator	Winged Figure (BH 315) is a 1963 sculpture by British artist Barbara Hepworth.	Winged Figure	Barbara Hepworth
creator	Moses (3/3) is a public sculpture by United States artist Tony Smith.	Moses (3/3)	Tony Smith
creator	The Tree of Crows (also known as Raven Tree) is an oil painting of 1822 by the German Romantic artist Caspar David Friedrich.	The Tree of Crows	Caspar David Friedrich
creator	The Coachman (Italian: Il Conduttore del Carro), also known as The Little Man (L'Omino), is a fictional character who appears in Carlo Collodi's 1883 book The Adventures of Pinocchio (Le avventure di Pinocchio)	The Coachman	Carlo Collodi
creator	Ganymede Abducted by the Eagle (c. 1531-1532) is a painting by the Italian late Renaissance artist Antonio da Correggio.	Ganymede Abducted by the Eagle	Antonio da Correggio
creator	Boardwalk Empire is an American period crime drama television series created by Terence Winter and airing on premium cable channel HBO.	Boardwalk Empire	Terence Winter
creator	Long Way Down is a television series, book and DVD documenting a motorcycle journey undertaken by Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman, on which they rode south through 18 countries from John o' Groats in Scotland to Cape Town in South Africa via Europe and Africa in 2007.	Long Way Down	Ewan McGregor
creator	The Bride of the Wind (Die Windsbraut) (or The Tempest) is a 1913-1914 oil on canvas painting by Oskar Kokoschka.	The Bride of the Wind	Oskar Kokoschka
creator	Autumn Rhythm (Number 30) is a 1950 abstract expressionist drip painting by American artist Jackson Pollock.	Autumn Rhythm (Number 30)	Jackson Pollock
creator	A Lady with a Squirrel and a Starling is an oil on oak painting undertaken between 1526 and 1528 by the German artist Hans Holbein the Younger.	A Lady with a Squirrel and a Starling	Hans Holbein
creator	The concept of ZeD was originally developed by Rae Hull, who was the regional director for CBC in Vancouver, British Columbia.	ZeD	Rae Hull
creator	Le prisonnier politique (French; The Political Prisoner) is a bronze sculpture created in 1949 by Luxembourgish sculptor Lucien Wercollier.	Le prisonnier politique	Lucien Wercollier
creator	The Death of Major Peirson, 6 January 1781 is a 1783 large oil painting by John Singleton Copley.	The Death of Major Peirson, 6 January 1781	John Singleton Copley
creator	The James Buchanan Memorial is a bronze and granite memorial in the Southeast corner of Meridian Hill Park Northwest, Washington, D.C. It was designed by architect William Gorden Beecher, and sculpted by Maryland artist Hans Schuler.	James Buchanan Memorial	Hans Schuler
creator	My Lucky Charm 情来运转 is a 25 episode Chinese drama shown on MediaCorp Channel 8 in Singapore and made its debut on 3 January 2005.	My Lucky Charm	MediaCorp
creator	IBC Express Balita (lit. IBC Express News) was the flagship program of Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation (IBC).	IBC Express Balita	Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation
creator	Homage to Leonardo, sometimes referred to as Vitruvian Man for being a representation of the drawing of the same name by Leonardo da Vinci, is an outdoor statue by Italian sculptor Enzo Plazzotta, located at Belgrave Square in London, United Kingdom.	Homage to Leonardo	Enzo Plazzotta
creator	Snoopy's Getting Married, Charlie Brown is the 28th prime-time animated TV specials based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.	Snoopy's Getting Married, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	Lobster Trap and Fish Tail, a mobile by American artist Alexander Calder, is located at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, New York, United States.	Lobster Trap and Fish Tail	Alexander Calder
creator	Portrait of George Dyer and Lucian Freud was an oil on canvas painting by the Irish-born artist Francis Bacon, which he destroyed before it left his studio, though it was photographed and is highly regarded by art critics.	Portrait of George Dyer and Lucian Freud	Francis Bacon
date of death	Vilko Filač (14 February 1950 -- 25 November 2008) was a Slovenian cinematographer.	Vilko Filač	25 November 2008
developer	Nano Assault Neo is a twin-stick shoot 'em up video game developed by Shin'en Multimedia and released on the Nintendo eShop for the Wii U. It was a launch title for the system on 18 November 2012 in North America, and in PAL regions on 30 November 2012.	Nano Assault Neo	Shin'en Multimedia
developer	C.O.P. The Recruit is a video game published by Ubisoft for the Nintendo DS. The game was announced at E3 2009 at the Nintendo conference.	C.O.P. The Recruit	Ubisoft
developer	From 1998 to 2011 Coin3D was developed and maintained by Systems in Motion (SIM), later renamed to Kongsberg SIM, later merged into the parent company Kongsberg Oil & Gas Technologies Kongsberg Gruppen.	Coin3D	Kongsberg Gruppen
developer	Knights of the Temple II is an open-world action-adventure game, developed by Cauldron and published by Playlogic Entertainment.	Knights of the Temple II	Cauldron
developer	A Kingdom for Keflings is a video game developed by NinjaBee for the Xbox Live Arcade which was released on November 19, 2008.	A Kingdom for Keflings	NinjaBee
developer	Internet Protocol Device Control (IPDC) is a specification for controlling networking hardware devices, developed by Level 3 Communications and a group of other telcos.	Internet Protocol Device Control	Level 3 Communications
developer	The TOPS-10 System (Timesharing / Total Operating System-10) was a computer operating system from Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) for the PDP-10 (or DECsystem-10) mainframe computer launched in 1967.	TOPS-10	Digital Equipment Corporation
developer	Originally developed in the 1990s at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the group of Charles E. Leiserson, Cilk was later commercialized as Cilk++ by a spinoff company, Cilk Arts.	Cilk	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
developer	Gates of Zendocon is a 1989 shoot-em-up action video game by Epyx written by Peter Engelbrite for the 1989 color portable handheld console Atari Lynx.	Gates of Zendocon	Epyx
developer	Double Fine Happy Action Theater (sometimes referred to as Happy Action Theater) is a casual video game developed by Double Fine Productions and distributed by Microsoft Game Studios.	Double Fine Happy Action Theater	Double Fine Productions
developer	GNU Common Lisp (GCL) is the GNU Project's Common Lisp compiler, an evolutionary development of Kyoto Common Lisp.	GNU Common Lisp	GNU Project
developer	RPG Maker 2000 (RM2K) is the second Microsoft Windows version of the RPG Maker series of programs developed by Enterbrain and published by ASCII.	RPG Maker 2000	Enterbrain	ASCII
developer	In computing, the Linux Unified Key Setup or LUKS is a disk encryption specification created by Clemens Fruhwirth in 2004 and originally intended for Linux.	Linux Unified Key Setup	Clemens Fruhwirth
developer	Spelling Jungle, also known as Yobi's Basic Spelling Tricks is an educational adventure game created by Bright Star Technology and released by Sierra in 1993 for both Windows and Macintosh PCs. The program is designed to help strengthen reading, spelling, and logic skills in children ages 7--10.	Spelling Jungle	Bright Star Technology
developer	Battle vs. Chess is a computer simulation game of chess developed by Targem Games and Zuxxez Entertainment and published by TopWare Interactive.	Battle vs. Chess	Targem Games
developer	Sengoku Ace (戦国エース), also known as Samurai Aces in the English version, is a vertically-scrolling shoot 'em up video game originally releasaed in the arcades by Psikyo in 1993.	Samurai Aces	Psikyo
developer	Radikal Bikers is a racing arcade game developed by the Spanish company Gaelco in 1998, with also a conversion for PlayStation developed instead by Bit Managers.	Radikal Bikers	Gaelco
developer	The ClueFinders Search and Solve Adventures is an educational computer game in The Learning Company's ClueFinders series that focuses on critical thinking skills.	The ClueFinders Search and Solve Adventures	The Learning Company
developer	Puzzle Kingdoms is a puzzle video game developed by Infinite Interactive for the PC, Nintendo DS and Wii.	Puzzle Kingdoms	Infinite Interactive
developer	3D XPoint (pronounced three dee cross point) is a non-volatile memory technology announced by Intel and Micron in July 2015.	3D XPoint	Intel
developer	NBA Live 10 is the 2009 installment in the NBA Live series, developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts.	NBA Live 10	EA Canada
developer	Slipstream 5000 is a racing video game developed by The Software Refinery and published by Gremlin Interactive for the PC in 1995.	Slipstream 5000	The Software Refinery
developer	Infinity Blade is a fighting game with role-playing elements developed by Chair Entertainment and Epic Games and released through the Apple App Store on December 9, 2010.	Infinity Blade	Chair Entertainment
developer	Epic Astro Story is a simulation video game developed and published by Kairosoft for the Android and iOS operating systems.	Epic Astro Story	Kairosoft
developer	Virtua Tennis (Power Smash in Japan) is a 1999 tennis arcade game created by Sega-AM3.	Virtua Tennis	Sega-AM3
developer	F-15 Strike Eagle II is an F-15 Strike Eagle combat flight simulator released in 1989 by MicroProse and is the sequel of F-15 Strike Eagle.	F-15 Strike Eagle II	MicroProse
developer	The Last Bounty Hunter is a live-action laserdisc video game released by American Laser Games in 1994.	The Last Bounty Hunter	American Laser Games
developer	M.U.D. TV (Mad Ugly Dirty TV) is a business simulation video game developed by Realmforge Studios and published by Kalypso Media for Microsoft Windows released on February 23, 2010.	M.U.D. TV	Realmforge Studios
developer	R.O.B. (Robotic Operating Buddy), released in Japan as the Family Computer Robot (Japanese: ファミリーコンピュータ ロボット Hepburn: Famirī Konpyūta Robotto), is an accessory for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES).	R.O.B.	Nintendo
developer	BloodStorm is a fighting game released in 1994 in arcade form by Strata and developed by Incredible Technologies.	BloodStorm	Incredible Technologies
developer	Massive Snowboarding is a mobile game developed and published by Gameloft, and created for the V CAST service from Verizon Wireless.	Massive Snowboarding	Gameloft
developer	In the Groove 2 is the sequel to Roxor Games' 2004 arcade game In the Groove.	In the Groove 2	Roxor Games
developer	ASIMO, an acronym for Advanced Step in Innovative Mobility, is a humanoid robot designed and developed by Honda.	ASIMO	Honda
developer	UK Truck Simulator is a vehicle simulation game developed and published by SCS Software.	UK Truck Simulator	SCS Software
developer	Deep Zoom is a technology developed by Microsoft for efficiently transmitting and viewing images.	Deep Zoom	Microsoft
developer	Dark Adventure is a dimetric action-adventure game produced by Konami that was released for the arcades in North America in 1987.	Dark Adventure	Konami
developer	International Karate +, often abbreviated as IK+, is a karate fighting video game published in 1987 by System 3, originally for the Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum.	International Karate +	System 3
developer	EclipseLink is the open source Eclipse Persistence Services Project from the Eclipse Foundation.	EclipseLink	Eclipse Foundation
developer	Heroes of Gaia (Chinese: 英雄之城; pinyin: Yīngxióng Zhī Chéng), known in the separate European version as Castle of Heroes, is a massively multiplayer online fantasy browser-based strategy game developed by the Chinese developer Snail Games and published in the United States by its U.S. publishing division, Snail Games USA.	Heroes of Gaia	Snail
developer	Jubatus is an open source online machine learning and distributed computing framework that is developed at Nippon Telegraph and Telephone and Preferred Infrastructure.	Jubatus	Nippon Telegraph and Telephone
developer	Europa Universalis III is a grand strategy video game developed by Paradox Development Studio and published by Paradox Interactive.	Europa Universalis III	Paradox Development Studio
developer	Escape Velocity Override is a space trading simulator game developed by Ambrosia Software for the Apple Macintosh.	Escape Velocity Override	Ambrosia Software
developer	CityVille was a casual social city-building game developed by Zynga, and released in December 2010.	CityVille	Zynga
developer	Abrams Battle Tank, aka M-1 Abrams Battle Tank for the Sega version, is a computer game developed by Dynamix and published by Electronic Arts in 1988 for DOS.	Abrams Battle Tank	Dynamix
developer	PixelJunk 4am, formerly called PixelJunk Lifelike, is a music video game and music visualizer developed by Q-Games.	PixelJunk 4am	Q-Games
developer	Kirby's Epic Yarn, known in Japan as Keito no Kirby (毛糸のカービィ Keito no Kābī, lit. ``Yarn Kirby''), is a 2010 platform video game developed by Good-Feel and HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console.	Kirby's Epic Yarn	Good-Feel
developer	EcoQuest is a series of two educational adventure games developed by Sierra Entertainment.	EcoQuest	Sierra Entertainment
developer	Starlancer is a space-based science fiction flight simulator computer game, created by Erin Roberts, Chris Roberts, and Warthog PLC under the auspices of Digital Anvil.	Starlancer	Digital Anvil
developer	Debbugs was mainly written by Ian Jackson, former Debian project leader.	Debbugs	Ian Jackson
developer	Bomberman Land Touch! (Touch! Bomberman Land in Japan) is a puzzle video game developed by Hudson Soft for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console.	Bomberman Land Touch!	Hudson Soft
developer	Prison Architect is a private prison construction and management simulation video game developed and published by Introversion Software.	Prison Architect	Introversion Software
developer	Apache Empire-db is open source and provided under the Apache 2.0 license from the Apache Software Foundation.	Apache Empire-db	Apache Software Foundation
developer	Babysitting Mania is a simulation-style, time-management game developed by Gogii Games and available for Microsoft Windows and the Nintendo DS. The game allows the player to babysit many virtual children while cleaning the house and managing parties all under a certain time limit.	Babysitting Mania	Gogii Games
developer	Phantasie is a fantasy role-playing video game series designed by Winston Douglas Wood and published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. in 1985.	Phantasie	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
developer	Adidas Championship Football is a soccer video game developed by Ocean Software in 1990.	Adidas Championship Football	Ocean Software
developer	Red Dead Redemption is an open world, western action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar San Diego and published by Rockstar Games.	Red Dead Redemption	Rockstar San Diego
developer	Pitfall! is a platform video game released by Activision for the Atari 2600 in 1982.	Pitfall!	Activision
developer	Snuggle Truck is a driving/racing action game developed by Owlchemy Labs.	Snuggle Truck	Owlchemy Labs
developer	Angry Birds is a video game franchise created by Finnish computer game developer Rovio Entertainment.	Angry Birds	Rovio Entertainment
developer	Eight Days is an action video game that was being developed by SCE London Studio for the PlayStation 3.	Eight Days	SCE London Studio
developer	Seastalker is an interactive fiction computer game designed by Stu Galley and Jim Lawrence and published by Infocom in 1984.	Seastalker	Infocom
developer	Lula 3D is an adult adventure video game developed and published by cdv Software Entertainment for the personal computer.	Lula 3D	cdv Software Entertainment
developer	The Legend of Three Kingdoms (simplified Chinese: 三国群英传; traditional Chinese: 三國群英傳; pinyin: Sān Guó Qún Yīng Zhuàn) is a video game series originally developed by OdinSoft, later by UserJoy Technology.	The Legend of Three Kingdoms	UserJoy Technology
developer	Brian Kernighan and Rob Pike summarize this in The Unix Programming Environment as ``the idea that the power of a system comes more from the relationships among programs than from the programs themselves''.	Unix	Brian Kernighan
developer	Ninja Spirit, known in Japan as Saigo no Nindou (最後の忍道), is a 1988 platform arcade game developed and published by Irem.	Ninja Spirit	Irem
developer	Stonekeep is a role-playing video game developed and released by Interplay Entertainment for the PC in 1995.	Stonekeep	Interplay Entertainment
developer	Reality Fighters is a PlayStation Vita augmented reality video game developed by Novarama, and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.	Reality Fighters	Novarama
developer	Android 2 is a shoot 'em up maze video game written by Costa Panayi and published by Vortex Software in 1983 for the ZX Spectrum and in 1985 for the Amstrad CPC.	Android 2	Costa Panayi
developer	Bing Maps (previously Live Search Maps, Windows Live Maps, Windows Live Local, and MSN Virtual Earth) is a web mapping service provided as a part of Microsoft's Bing suite of search engines and powered by the Bing Maps for Enterprise framework.	Bing Maps	Microsoft
developer	Diabolical Pitch (formerly titled Codename D), is a baseball action video game from Grasshopper Manufacture and Suda51 for the Microsoft Kinect.	Diabolical Pitch	Grasshopper Manufacture
developer	Head of development Christer Ericson of SCE Santa Monica Studio confirmed that God of War III has seamless loading; no loading screens and no hard disk drive installation requirement.	God of War III	SCE Santa Monica Studio
developer	The game was initially developed by Tall Tree Games, now called Big Viking Games, YoWorld was acquired by Zynga in 2008.	YoWorld	Zynga
developer	Zektor is a multi-directional shooter arcade game created by Sega in 1982, which challenges the player to pilot a space ship in a quest to recapture eight cities that have been captured by alien robots.	Zektor	Sega
developer	Mushroom Wars is a real-time strategy game developed by Creat Studios, originally available for the PlayStation 3 on the PlayStation Network (PSN).	Mushroom Wars	Creat Studios
developer	TrackMania 2 (stylized as TrackMania²) is a racing video game developed by Nadeo and published by Ubisoft as part of the TrackMania series.	TrackMania 2	Nadeo
developer	Mutant Storm Empire is a multi-directional shoot 'em up by PomPom Games and sequel to Mutant Storm Reloaded for Xbox 360's Xbox Live Arcade service.	Mutant Storm Empire	PomPom Games
developer	Block Breaker Deluxe is a video game developed by Gameloft for mobile phones.	Block Breaker Deluxe	Gameloft
developer	The McDonald's Videogame is an online game created by the Italian group La Molleindustria.	McDonald's Videogame	Molleindustria
developer	Shanghai Kid, sometimes titled The Shanghai Kid, and known in Japan as Hokuha Syourin Hiryū no Ken (北派少林 飛龍の拳 lit. ``North Faction Shaolin - Fist of the Flying Dragon''), is a 1985 arcade fighting game developed by Nihon Game (now Culture Brain) and published by Taiyo System.	Shanghai Kid	Culture Brain
dissolved or abolished	On 1 January 1801, the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland were merged to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.	Kingdom of Great Britain	1 January 1801
dissolved or abolished	Zollgrenzschutz (ZGS) (German: Customs Border Guards) was an organization under the German Finance Ministry from 1937 to 1945.	Zollgrenzschutz	1945
dissolved or abolished	Columbia TriStar Television (CTT) was an American television company that ran from 1994 to 2002.	Columbia TriStar Television	2002
dissolved or abolished	Arenberg joined Napoleon's Confederation of the Rhine, although that did not prevent it being mediatised in 1810, with France annexing Dülmen and Meppen, and the duchy of Berg annexing Recklinghausen.	Arenberg	1810
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Saltés and Huelva was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in southern Iberia from around 1012 to 1051.	Taifa of Saltés and Huelva	1051
dissolved or abolished	0n 14 November 1984, the Irish government surprised most observers by placing Irish Shipping Ltd into liquidation.	Irish Shipping	14 November 1984
dissolved or abolished	In March 1918 they tried to seize power in Bukhara, with help from the Tashkent Soviet, and the Young Bukharians had to flee from the Emir, Mohammed Alim Khan to Tashkent.	Young Bukharians	1918
dissolved or abolished	The Hammond Pros from Hammond, Indiana played in the National Football League from 1920 to 1926 as a traveling team.	Hammond Pros	1926
dissolved or abolished	The California Republic was a short-lived, unrecognized state that, for a few weeks in 1846, militarily controlled the area to the north of the San Francisco Bay in the present-day state of California.	California Republic	1846
dissolved or abolished	In 2005, Tecnomatix was acquired by the UGS Corporation and the Tecnomatix product was combined with UGS' existing MPM solutions.	Tecnomatix	2005
dissolved or abolished	The Parthian Empire (/ˈpɑːrθiən/; 247 BC -- 224 AD), also known as the Arsacid Empire (/ˈɑːrsəsɪd/), was a major Iranian political and cultural power in ancient Iran.	Parthian Empire	224
dissolved or abolished	Air Bremen was a small German airline based in Bremen operating between 1988 and 1990.	Air Bremen	1990
dissolved or abolished	American Overseas Airlines (AOA) was an airline that operated between the United States and Europe between 1945 and 1950.	American Overseas Airlines	1950
dissolved or abolished	The Le Favori was a French automobile manufactured in Paris from 1921 until 1923.	Le Favori	1923
dissolved or abolished	Martinsyde was a British aircraft and motorcycle manufacturer between 1908 and 1922, when they were forced into liquidation by a factory fire.	Martinsyde	1922
dissolved or abolished	EDO Corporation was an American company, which was acquired by ITT Corporation in 2007.	EDO Corporation	2007
dissolved or abolished	Dzhebrailsky Uyezd (Russian: Джебраильский уезд) was one of the uyezds (administrative units) of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Jabrayil from 1868 until its formal abolition in 1921 by the Soviet authorities.	Dzhebrailsky Uyezd	1921
dissolved or abolished	The studio was shut down in 1997 and some of the Amblimation staff went on to join DreamWorks Animation.	Amblimation	1997
dissolved or abolished	US Airways was a major American airline that ceased operations on October 17, 2015 after merging with American Airlines.	US Airways	2015
dissolved or abolished	Key financial figures for GE Industrial: 2007 Revenue: $17.7 billion 2007 Profit: 9% (%vol) Number of Employees: ~70,000	GE Industrial	2007
dissolved or abolished	As no investors could be found, it was announced on 7 February 1991 that Interflug with its then 2,900 employees and 20 aircraft would be liquidated.	Interflug	1991
dissolved or abolished	The Haagaas School (Norwegian: Haagaas Artiumskursus, informally also Haagaas skole, Haagaas private gymnas or Haagaas' studentfabrikk), or simply Haagaas, was a private gymnasium in Oslo, that existed from 1915 to 1955.	Haagaas School	1955
dissolved or abolished	From its inception in 1118 through 1596, the Kingdom of Desmond was ruled by the family of the MacCarthy Mór, (i.e., the ``Great MacCarthy'').	Kingdom of Desmond	1596
dissolved or abolished	The United Federated Forces of the Symbionese Liberation Army (SLA) was an American self-styled left-wing revolutionary organization active between 1973 and 1975 that considered itself a vanguard army.	Symbionese Liberation Army	1975
dissolved or abolished	In late 2012, Fresh Choice closed approximately half its locations.	Fresh Choice	2012
dissolved or abolished	The business existed till approximately 1942 which was the year in which Dider died, although Robert Serf himself was still working in his own automotive workshop at Nancy until the 1970s.	Robert Serf	1942
dissolved or abolished	Československé hudební nástroje, oborový podník (Czechoslovak Musical Instruments, specialized business) was -- during the era of communist Czechoslovakia from 1948 to 1992 -- a state owned music instrument manufacturing company headquartered in Hradec Králové.	Československé hudební nástroje	1992
dissolved or abolished	Game Park was a South Korean company that was founded in 1996 and went bankrupt in March 2007.	Game Park	2007
dissolved or abolished	At about year 2000, CBGB entered a protracted dispute over allegedly unpaid rent amounts until the landlord, Bowery Residents' Committee, sued in 2005 and lost the case, but a deal to renew CBGB's lease, expiring in 2006, failed.	CBGB	2006
dissolved or abolished	Jagdgeschwader 6 (JG 6) Horst Wessel was a Luftwaffe fighter-wing of World War II. The first Geschwaderkommodore was Oberstleutnant Johann Kogler who became a POW during the Operation Bodenplatte when he crashed and was taken prisoner by British troops on 1 January 1945.	Jagdgeschwader 6	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Eastern Wei (simplified Chinese: 东魏; traditional Chinese: 東魏; pinyin: Dōng Wèi) followed the disintegration of the Northern Wei, and ruled northern China from 534 to 550.	Eastern Wei	550
dissolved or abolished	The Mankessim Kingdom (1252--1844) was a pre-colonial African state in modern-day Ghana.	Mankessim Kingdom	1844
dissolved or abolished	The Long Beach State 49ers football team represented California State University, Long Beach from the 1955 through 1991 seasons.	Long Beach State 49ers football	1991
dissolved or abolished	Wuyue (simplified Chinese: 吴越; traditional Chinese: 吳越; pinyin: Wúyuè; Shanghainese: (ɦuɦyɪʔ)), 907-978, was an independent coastal kingdom founded during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms (907-960) of Chinese history.	Wuyue	978
dissolved or abolished	Sleepycat Software, Inc. was the software company primarily responsible for maintaining the Berkeley DB packages from 1996 to 2006.	Sleepycat Software	2006
dissolved or abolished	Die Freundin (English: The Girlfriend: Journal for Ideal Friendship between Women) was a popular Weimar-era German lesbian magazine published from 1924 to 1933.	Die Freundin	1933
dissolved or abolished	The Slovak Democratic Coalition (Slovak: Slovenská demokratická koalícia, SDK) was a political party in Slovakia, which existed from 1998 to 2002.	Slovak Democratic Coalition	2002
dissolved or abolished	The Chainless was a French automobile manufactured from 1900 to 1903 in Paris by SA des Voitures Légère Chainless.	Chainless	1903
dissolved or abolished	Sender Freies Berlin (SFB) (English: Radio Free Berlin) was the ARD public radio and television service for West Berlin from 1 June 1954 until 1990 and for Berlin as a whole from German reunification until 30 April 2003.	Sender Freies Berlin	30 April 2003
dissolved or abolished	In early 1945, after the Germans had been driven out, the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was formally restored on paper.	Kingdom of Yugoslavia	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Reichsfilmkammer (RFK; English: Film Chamber of the Reich) was a public corporation based in Berlin that regulated the film industry in Nazi Germany between 1933 and 1945.	Reichsfilmkammer	1945
dissolved or abolished	Viborg and Nyslott County (Swedish: Viborgs och Nyslotts län, Finnish: Viipurin ja Savonlinnan lääni) was a county of the Swedish Empire from 1634 to 1721.	Viborg and Nyslott County	1721
dissolved or abolished	In May 2012, De Tomaso was again for sale after their business plan failed to gather sufficient financial backing.	De Tomaso	2012
dissolved or abolished	The Republic of Lucca was a historic state of Italy, which lasted from 1160 to 1805 on the central Italian peninsula.	Republic of Lucca	1805
dissolved or abolished	SA des Anciens Établissements Secqueville-Hoyau was a French automobile producer between 1919 and 1924.	Secqueville-Hoyau	1924
educated at	Murray Gerstenhaber (born June 5, 1927) is an American mathematician, professor of mathematics at the University of Pennsylvania, best known for his contributions to theoretical physics with his discovery of Gerstenhaber algebra.	Murray Gerstenhaber	University of Pennsylvania
employer	Yinsheng Wang is a Professor of Chemistry and the Director for the ETOX (Environmental Toxicology) Graduate Program at the University of California Riverside.	Yinsheng Wang	University of California Riverside
employer	Emilio García Gómez decided to pursue Arabic as a career after attending Arabic language classes taught by Prof. Miguel Asín Palacios at the Complutense University of Madrid.	Emilio García Gómez	Complutense University of Madrid
employer	Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah (Arabic: أحمدو ولد عبد الله‎) (born November 21, 1940) is a Mauritanian diplomat who was a senior United Nations official.	Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah	United Nations
employer	David Saltzberg is a professor of physics and astronomy at the University of California, Los Angeles.	David Saltzberg	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	T. Leslie Youd received his BES in civil engineering from Brigham Young University in 1964.	T. Leslie Youd	Brigham Young University
employer	Joseph Hamilton Beattie (1808-1871) was a locomotive engineer with the London and South Western Railway.	Joseph Hamilton Beattie	London and South Western Railway
employer	James R. Dow is a Professor Emeritus of German at Iowa State University with research interests in German Volkskunde (folklore), Old Order Amish of Kalona and Amana Colonists of Amana.	James R. Dow	Iowa State University
employer	Wolfgang Pree (* 27 June 1964 in Linz, Austria) is a computer scientist and professor at the University of Salzburg, Austria.	Wolfgang Pree	University of Salzburg
employer	Alice Louise Reynolds (April 1, 1873 -- December 5, 1938) was a Brigham Young University professor who is rated among the top-10 BYU professors of the 20th century.	Alice Louise Reynolds	Brigham Young University
employer	John P. Grotzinger is the Fletcher Jones Professor of Geology at California Institute of Technology under the Division of Geological and Planetary Sciences.	John P. Grotzinger	California Institute of Technology
employer	Marta Santos Pais (born in 1952) is the Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General on Violence against Children.	Marta Santos Pais	United Nations
employer	A professor at Yale Law School for more than forty years, Rodell was described in 1980 as the ``bad boy of American legal academia'' (by Charles Alan Wright, ``Goodbye to Fred Rodell,'' 89 Yale L.J. 1455, quoted in the Pitt Law School Web site).	Fred Rodell	Yale Law School
employer	The series introduces Herc as a detective in the Baltimore Police Department's Narcotics Unit, begrudgingly detailed to the initial Barksdale investigation.	Herc	Baltimore Police Department
employer	Professor Dinesh Manocha is an American computer scientist, the Phi Delta Theta/Matthew Mason Distinguished Professor of Computer Science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Dinesh Manocha	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Leo Apostel (Antwerp, 4 September 1925 -- Ghent, 10 August 1995) was a Belgian philosopher and professor at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and Ghent University.	Leo Apostel	Ghent University
employer	Ann Ellis Hanson is an American papyrologist and historian who holds the position of senior research scholar and lecturer in the Department of Classics at Yale University.	Ann Ellis Hanson	Yale University
employer	Lauren Grodstein (born November 19, 1975) is an American novelist and educator at Rutgers University of Camden in New Jersey, known for her use of male viewpoint characters.	Lauren Grodstein	Rutgers University
employer	John M. Merriman (born 1946) is a Charles Seymour Professor of History at Yale University.	John M. Merriman	Yale University
employer	Tayfun Sönmez is a Turkish-American professor of economics at Boston College.	Tayfun Sönmez	Boston College
employer	Pedram Javaheri also known as ``P.J. Javaheri'' (born May 24, 1983) is an Iranian-American meteorologist for CNN International based at the CNN World Headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia.	Pedram Javaheri	CNN International
employer	Oscar Schachter (1915--2003) was an American international law and diplomacy professor, and United Nations aide.	Oscar Schachter	United Nations
employer	In June 2010, Saab Automobile announced the appointment of Jason Castriota as its new Design Director, reporting directly to Saab Automobile CEO Jan Åke Jonsson.	Jason Castriota	Saab Automobile
employer	Michael A. Cusumano is the Sloan Management Review Distinguished Professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management.	Michael A. Cusumano	MIT Sloan School of Management
employer	Dan-Virgil Voiculescu (born 14 June 1949) is a professor of mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley.	Dan-Virgil Voiculescu	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Otto Walper was born in Rotenburg an der Fulda, and studied at the University of Marburg, where he was the main professor of Greek and Hebrew, and he received a Ph.D degree at the University of Basel.	Otto Walper	University of Marburg
employer	George Dawes Hicks FBA (14 September 1862 -- 16 February 1941) was a British philosopher who was professor of philosophy at the University College, London between 1904 to 1928 and professor emeritus thereafter until his death.	Dawes Hicks	University College, London
employer	Pedro Pedrosa Mendes is a Professor of Computational Systems Biology in the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester.	Pedro Pedrosa Mendes	University of Manchester
employer	Miriam O'Reilly (born 16 February 1957 in Balbriggan, County Dublin) is an Irish television presenter, best known as a former presenter on the BBC One rural affairs show Countryfile.	Miriam O'Reilly	BBC
employer	Richard Bruce Silverman (born May 12, 1946) is a chemistry professor at Northwestern University in the United States.	Richard Bruce Silverman	Northwestern University
employer	Hamid Zangeneh is a professor of economics at Widener University, located in Chester, Pennsylvania.	Hamid Zangeneh	Widener University
employer	María Elena Meneses Rocha is a former journalist and current professor and researcher into media, communications and the Internet with the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Mexico City.	María Elena Meneses Rocha	Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education
employer	Etzel Cardeña is the Thorsen Professor of Psychology at Lund University, Sweden where he is Director of the Centre for Research on Consciousness and Anomalous Psychology (CERCAP).	Etzel Cardeña	Lund University
employer	Rensis Likert (/ˈlɪkərt/ LIK-ərt; 5 August 1903--3 September 1981) was an American administrator and organizational psychologist based at the U.S. Department of Agriculture until 1946, then at the Institute for Social Research at the University of Michigan.	Rensis Likert	University of Michigan
employer	Professor Werner Hacke, born 1948 in Duisburg, Germany, was Professor and Chairman of the Department of Neurology, University of Heidelberg, from 1987 bis 2014 and holds now a Senior Professorship of Neurology at the University of Heidelberg, Germany.	Werner Hacke	University of Heidelberg
employer	Babita Sharma is a British television newsreader on BBC News (TV channel) and BBC World News, presenting the Newsday strand each Monday-Wednesday from London with Rico Hizon in Singapore.	Babita Sharma	BBC
employer	Mauricio de Maria y Campos is the former Director-General of the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) and former Mexican Ambassador to South Africa.	Mauricio de Maria y Campos	United Nations
employer	From 1977 to 1990 Leon Black was employed by investment bank Drexel Burnham Lambert, where he served as managing director, head of the Mergers & Acquisitions Group, and co-head of the Corporate Finance Department.	Leon Black	Drexel Burnham Lambert
employer	Walter Rothensteiner is Chairman of the Raiffeisen Zentralbank & a Bilderberg participant.	Walter Rothensteiner	Raiffeisen Zentralbank
employer	Robert K. Rasmussen is a professor of bankruptcy law who was the dean of the Gould School of Law at the University of Southern California from 2007 until 2015.	Robert K. Rasmussen	University of Southern California
employer	Wang Jisi (王缉思) is Dean of the School of International Studies at Peking University.	Wang Jisi	Peking University
employer	Arnved Nedkvitne (born 21 May 1947) is a Norwegian historian of the Middle Ages and Professor Emeritus of mediaeval history at the University of Trondheim and the University of Oslo.	Arnved Nedkvitne	University of Oslo
employer	Don VandenBerg is a professor of Astronomy (Ph.D. Australian National University) at the department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	Don VandenBerg	University of Victoria
employer	After posts at Aachen, Bonn, Breslau, Heidelberg (1896--1898), and Kiel (1898--1907), he returned finally to the University of Heidelberg in 1907 as the head of the Philipp Lenard Institute.	Philipp Lenard	University of Heidelberg
employer	Henry Fillmore Band Hall, the rehearsal hall for many of the University of Miami's performing groups, acquired its name as a tribute to Fillmore's work in the band genre.	Henry Fillmore	University of Miami
employer	Andreas Mandelis (born 22 June 1952), is a professor and researcher at the department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering at the University of Toronto and director of the Centre for Advanced Diffusion-Wave Technologies (CADIFT).	Andreas Mandelis	University of Toronto
employer	Heinz König (25 December 1927 -- 21 November 2002) was a German researcher, economist and former professor for Economy and Econometrics at the University of Mannheim from 1962 to 1996.	Heinz König	University of Mannheim
employer	Mary P. Koss (born Mary Lyndon Pease) is an American Regents' Professor at the University of Arizona, Mel and Enid Zuckerman College of Public Health in Tucson, Arizona.	Mary P. Koss	University of Arizona
employer	John G. Anderson (born 1948) is an American seismologist and Professor at the University of Nevada, Reno.	John G. Anderson	University of Nevada
employer	Nicole Stott began her career in 1987 as a structural design engineer with Pratt & Whitney Government Engines in West Palm Beach, Florida.	Nicole Stott	Pratt & Whitney
employer	The Catholic University of America, Washington D.C. offers a Johannes Quasten Award.	Johannes Quasten	The Catholic University of America
employer	Milind Tambe is Helen N. and Emmett H. Jones Professor in Engineering and a Professor of Computer Science and Industrial and Systems Engineering at the University of Southern California, Los Angeles.	Milind Tambe	University of Southern California
employer	Menachem Brenner is a Professor of Finance and a Bank and Financial Analysts Faculty Fellow at New York University Stern School of Business.	Menachem Brenner	New York University
employer	Carol Stephenson, OC is a Canadian business executive and the recently retired dean of the Richard Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario.	Carol Stephenson	University of Western Ontario
employer	Kenneth A. Bollen (born 1951) is the Henry Rudolf Immerwahr Distinguished Professor of Sociology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Kenneth A. Bollen	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	William Watson Goodwin (May 9, 1831 -- June 15, 1912) was an American classical scholar, for many years Eliot professor of Greek at Harvard University.	William Watson Goodwin	Harvard University
employer	Earl St. John (14 June 1892 -- 26 February 1968) was an American film producer in overall charge of production for The Rank Organisation at Pinewood Studios from 1950 to 1964.	Earl St. John	Rank Organisation
employer	Eric Rauchway (born 1969 or 1970) is an American historian and professor at the University of California, Davis.	Eric Rauchway	University of California, Davis
employer	After graduating from Trinity College, Dublin, with a BA (Hons) degree, Mike Dibb joined BBC TV in 1963.	Mike Dibb	BBC
employer	Michael R. Eisenson is co-founder, managing director and chief executive officer of Charlesbank Capital Partners, LLC, a private equity investment firm based in Boston and New York.	Michael R. Eisenson	Charlesbank Capital Partners
employer	Immediately after Arthur Wakefield left the Navy in 1841, his brother, Edward Gibbon Wakefield recruited him to join the New Zealand Company, tasking him to select settlers for a new settlement to be named Nelson, escort the party to New Zealand, and supervise the growth of the new town.	Arthur Wakefield	New Zealand Company
employer	Tommie Shelby is an American philosopher and professor of African and African American Studies and of Philosophy at Harvard University.	Tommie Shelby	Harvard University
employer	David Correia is an American scholar and activist, and an associate professor of American Studies at the University of New Mexico, where his classes focus on the relationship between culture, politics, and the environment.	David Correia	University of New Mexico
employer	Diane Katsiaficas (El Paso, Texas, 23 November 1947) is an American of Greek heritage visual artist who develops multimedia narrative works, and a professor in the Art Department at the University of Minnesota.	Diane Katsiaficas	University of Minnesota
employer	Major General Juha Kilpiä (born in 1953), a native of Finland, current serves as Head of Mission and Chief of Staff of the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO).	Juha Kilpiä	United Nations
employer	Stuart J. Youngner is Susan E. Watson Professor of Bioethics, Professor of Psychiatry, Professor of Medicine, and Chair of the Department of Bioethics at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine.	Stuart J. Youngner	Case Western Reserve University
employer	Nina Ananiashvili (born: Nino Ananiashvili, Georgian: ნინო ანანიაშვილი; born March 28, 1963) is a Georgian ballerina and artistic director of the State Ballet of Georgia.	Nina Ananiashvili	State Ballet of Georgia
employer	Nolan B. Aughenbaugh (born 1928) is an American Professor Emeritus of Geological Engineering at the University of Mississippi.	Nolan B. Aughenbaugh	University of Mississippi
employer	Nelson Cowan (born March 7, 1951) is the Curators' Professor of Psychology at the University of Missouri.	Nelson Cowan	University of Missouri
employer	William Campbell James Meredith (February 6, 1904--1960) Q.C., D.C.L., often referred to as W. C. J. Meredith, was a Canadian attorney, the author of three legal books and Dean of the McGill University Faculty of Law.	William Campbell James Meredith	McGill University
employer	Herschel Garfein is a Grammy Award-winning American composer, librettist, stage director, and faculty member of the Steinhardt School of Music at New York University, where he teaches Script Analysis.	Herschel Garfein	New York University
employer	In 1979 Phil Scraton joined the Open University's teaching staff as a member of the ``Crime, Justice and Society'' course team, contributing also to the Social Sciences' Foundation Course.	Phil Scraton	Open University
employer	Marian Finucane (born 21 May 1950) is an Irish broadcaster with Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ).	Marian Finucane	Raidió Teilifís Éireann
employer	Eric Tagliacozzo is Professor of History at Cornell University, where he teaches Southeast Asian history.	Eric Tagliacozzo	Cornell University
employer	Hans L. Trefousse (December 18, 1921 -- January 8, 2010) was an American author, historian, and professor emeritus at Brooklyn College from 1950 to 1998.	Hans L. Trefousse	Brooklyn College
employer	Susan Haack (born 1945) is Distinguished Professor in the Humanities, Cooper Senior Scholar in Arts and Sciences, Professor of Philosophy, and Professor of Law at the University of Miami (B.A., M.A., B.Phil, Oxford; Ph.D., Cambridge).	Susan Haack	University of Miami
employer	Robert A. Bradway is the current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Amgen.	Robert A. Bradway	Amgen
employer	Mohamed Mahmoud Ould Mohamedou sometimes spelled Mohammad-Mahmoud Mohamedou (born 1968) is a Harvard University scholar who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of Mauritania from 2008 until 2009.	Mohamed Mahmoud Ould Mohamedou	Harvard University
employer	Brittney Ezell (born January 18, 1976) is the head college basketball coach of the East Tennessee State University Lady Buccaneers.	Brittney Ezell	East Tennessee State University
employer	James Maas is an American social psychologist, professor at Cornell University, and Stephen H. Weiss Presidential Fellow, and Chair of the Psychology Department for 8 years.	James Maas	Cornell University
employer	Irving Amen has taught at Pratt Institute and at the University of Notre Dame.	Irving Amen	University of Notre Dame
employer	James E. Womack (born 1941) is an American biologist and a professor at Texas A&M University.	James E. Womack	Texas A&M University
employer	John E. Bercaw (born December 3, 1944) is an American chemist and Centennial Professor of Chemistry at the California Institute of Technology.	John E. Bercaw	California Institute of Technology
employer	Albert Moore Barrett, M.D. (1871-1936), an American physician, was professor of psychiatry at the University of Michigan, and credited with the establishment of the first psychiatric hospital within a university.	Albert Moore Barrett	University of Michigan
employer	Ivars Knēts, (born September 17, 1938, Riga, Latvia) has been a rector and professor at Riga Technical University, as the Director of the Institute of Biomaterials and Biomechanics.	Ivars Knēts	Riga Technical University
employer	Don Lincoln (born 1964) is an American particle physics researcher at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory and adjunct Professor of Physics at the University of Notre Dame.	Don Lincoln	University of Notre Dame
employer	Page Smith's archives are housed at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) Special Collections but have yet to be cataloged.	Page Smith	University of California Los Angeles
employer	Michael J. Mikos is a professor of foreign languages and literature at the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee.	Michael J. Mikos	University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee
employer	Jur P. van den Berg (born 1981 in Groningen, Netherlands) is an assistant professor at the University of Utah.	Jur P. van den Berg	University of Utah
employer	Avery August (born January 31, 1966) is a Belizean-born American scientist and doctor who is currently a Professor of Immunology at Cornell University.	Avery August	Cornell University
employer	Peter Bromley (30 April 1929 -- 3 June 2003) was BBC Radio's voice of horse racing for 40 years, and one of the most famous and recognised sports broadcasters in the United Kingdom.	Peter Bromley	BBC
employer	Mary Jo Salter (born August 15, 1954) is an American poet, a co-editor of The Norton Anthology of Poetry and a professor in the Writing Seminars program at Johns Hopkins University.	Mary Jo Salter	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Matt Kaufmann is a Senior Research Scientist in the Department of Computer Sciences at the University of Texas at Austin, USA.	Matt Kaufmann	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Tim Whewell is a radio and television journalist and foreign correspondent with the BBC.	Tim Whewell	BBC
employer	Herbert Hodge (1901-?) was a London taxi driver and BBC radio personality.	Herbert Hodge	BBC
employer	Alexis Hauser is an Austrian conductor who is the music director of the McGill Symphony Orchestra and the McGill Sinfonietta, as well as a faculty member with the Schulich School of Music of McGill University in Montreal, Canada.	Alexis Hauser	McGill University
employer	E. Paul Zehr (born June 16, 1968) is a Canadian professor of kinesiology and neuroscience, and an award winning science communicator at the University of Victoria, in British Columbia, Canada.	E. Paul Zehr	University of Victoria
employer	Johann Jakob Bachofen (22 December 1815 -- 25 November 1887) was a Swiss antiquarian, jurist, philologist, and anthropologist, professor for Roman law at the University of Basel from 1841 to 1845.	Johann Jakob Bachofen	University of Basel
employer	John F. Dickson (November 30, 1821 -- September 12, 1880) was an American public servant, law enforcement officer and police captain with the New York City Police Department.	John F. Dickson	New York City Police Department
employer	Scott D. Emr (born February 8, 1954) is a cell biologist and molecular geneticist who is serving as the Frank H.T. Rhodes Class of '56 Director of the Weill Institute for Cell and Molecular Biology at Cornell University.	Scott D. Emr	Cornell University
employer	Ruth Simmons (born Ruth Jean Stubblefield; July 3, 1945) was the 18th president of Brown University, the first black president of an Ivy League institution.	Ruth Simmons	Brown University
employer	Celia Deane-Drummond (born 1956) is a professor of theology at the University of Notre Dame.	Celia Deane-Drummond	University of Notre Dame
employer	Jonathan R. Macey is the Sam Harris Professor of Corporate Law, Corporate Finance and Securities Law at Yale Law School.	Jonathan R. Macey	Yale Law School
employer	Philip S. Khoury (born October 15, 1949) is Ford International Professor of History and Associate Provost at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Philip S. Khoury	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Liesbet Hooghe (born December 1, 1962, in Oudenaarde, Belgium) is a political scientist, the W. R. Kenan Jr. Professor of Political Science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Liesbet Hooghe	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Abram de Swaan (born January 8, 1942, Amsterdam) is a Dutch essayist, sociologist and professor emeritus from the University of Amsterdam.	Abram de Swaan	University of Amsterdam
employer	Robert Dorfman (27 October 1916 -- 24 June 2002) was emeritus professor of political economy at Harvard University.	Robert Dorfman	Harvard University
employer	Fred Cummings (Frederick W. Cummings) is a theoretical physicist and professor emeritus at University of California, Riverside.	Fred Cummings	University of California, Riverside
employer	Aleš Klégr (born 27 November 1951) is a Czech linguist, professor of English language at Charles University in Prague.	Aleš Klégr	Charles University in Prague
employer	John Edgar Wideman (born June 14, 1941) is an American writer, professor at Brown University, and sits on the contributing editorial board of the literary journal Conjunctions.	John Edgar Wideman	Brown University
employer	Scott S. Hall a psychology and behavioral science professor and researcher at Stanford University's School of Medicine, specializing in Fragile X syndrome, Prader-Willi syndrome, and in research on the relationship of Fragile X syndrome to other conditions, including Autism Spectrum Disorders.	Scott S. Hall	Stanford University
employer	Alison Gopnik (born June 16, 1955) is an American professor of psychology and affiliate professor of philosophy at the University of California, Berkeley.	Alison Gopnik	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Anudvaipayan Bhattacharya (Bengali: অনুদ্বৈপায়ন ভট্টাচার্য) (31 January 1941 -- 25 March 1971) was a lecturer of the Department of Applied Physics at the University of Dhaka who was killed by the Pakistan Army on 25 March 1971.	Anudvaipayan Bhattacharya	University of Dhaka
employer	Howard Wilson Emmons (1912--1998) was a professor in the department of Mechanical Engineering at Harvard University.	Howard Wilson Emmons	Harvard University
employer	Monica Pidgeon (29 September 1913 -- 17 September 2009) was a British interior designer and architectural writer best known as the editor of Architectural Design from 1946 to 1975.	Monica Pidgeon	Architectural Design
employer	Mark Damazer, CBE (born 15 April 1955) is the Master of St Peter's College, Oxford, and a former controller of BBC Radio 4 and BBC Radio 7 in the United Kingdom.	Mark Damazer	BBC
employer	Thomas Alexander Parrott (November 27, 1914 - June 14, 2007) was an American Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) officer.	Thomas Alexander Parrott	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Simon Caney is Professor of Political Theory and Fellow and Tutor of Magdalen College, Oxford.	Simon Caney	Magdalen College
employer	Andrzej Udalski (born 22 January 1957 in Łódź, Poland) is a Polish astronomer and astrophysicist, and director of the Astronomical Observatory of the University of Warsaw.	Andrzej Udalski	University of Warsaw
employer	Donald Neuen is an American choral conductor, composer, arranger, editor, and educator who was formerly the Distinguished Professor of Conducting and Director of Choral Activities at the University of California, Los Angeles.	Donald Neuen	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Tomas Hökfelt (born 29 June 1940) is a Swedish physician and former professor in histology at the Karolinska Institutet from 1979 until 2006, when he got his emeritate.	Tomas Hökfelt	Karolinska Institutet
employer	Bernardo Kucinski (São Paulo, 1937) is a Brazilian journalist and political scientist, professor at the University of São Paulo and collaborator of Workers' Party (Brazil).	Bernardo Kucinski	University of São Paulo
employer	John R. Kramer (August 17, 1937 -- March 7, 2006) served as the 19th dean of the Tulane University Law School from 1986 to 1996, and previous to that was an associate dean at Georgetown University.	John R. Kramer	Tulane University
employer	Michael Siegal (March 30, 1950 -- February 20, 2012) was a developmental psychologist and cognitive scientist who was Marie Curie Chair in Psychology at the University of Trieste, Italy, and was a Professor of Psychology at the University of Sheffield, UK.	Michael Siegal	University of Sheffield
employer	João Magueijo (born 1967) is a Portuguese cosmologist and professor in Theoretical Physics at Imperial College London.	João Magueijo	Imperial College London
employer	Erik Alfsen enrolled in the University of Oslo in 1949, studied at Institut Henri Poincaré from 1954 to 1955, and back in Oslo, he took the cand.real.	Erik Alfsen	University of Oslo
employer	Marcia J. Bates (born 1942) is Professor VI Emerita of Information Studies in the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies, University of California, Los Angeles.	Marcia J. Bates	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Michael Artin (German: (ˈaɐ̯tiːn); born 28 June 1934) is an American mathematician and a professor emeritus in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology mathematics department, known for his contributions to algebraic geometry.	Michael Artin	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Bernd Brinkmann was the director of the Institute of Legal Medicine of the University of Münster in Münster, North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany from 1981 until 2007.	Bernd Brinkmann	University of Münster
employer	Sherman Cochran (simplified Chinese: 高家龙; traditional Chinese: 高家龍; pinyin: Gāo Jiālóng; born 1940) is Hu Shih Professor Emeritus of Chinese history at Cornell University.	Sherman Cochran	Cornell University
employer	John L. Sorenson (born April 8, 1924) is an emeritus professor of anthropology at Brigham Young University (BYU) and the author of An Ancient American Setting for the Book of Mormon as well as many other books and articles on the Book of Mormon and archaeology.	John L. Sorenson	Brigham Young University
employer	Nicholas Mirzoeff is a visual culture theorist and professor in the Department of Media, Culture and Communication at New York University.	Nicholas Mirzoeff	New York University
employer	John Hendra (born 1960, Canada) currently serves as the Assistant Secretary-General for Policy and Programme at the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN Women).	John Hendra	United Nations
employer	Günter Ollenschläger (born 3 March 1951 in Bonn) is a German physician, medical editor, and professor of internal medicine and clinical decision making at the University of Cologne, Faculty of Medicine.	Günter Ollenschläger	University of Cologne
employer	Edward Bennett Williams (May 31, 1920 -- August 13, 1988) was a Washington, D.C. trial attorney who founded the law firm of Williams & Connolly and owned several professional sports teams.	Edward Bennett Williams	Williams & Connolly
employer	Guy Ferri (July 7, 1922 -- 1991) was a United States diplomat and United Nations official who served as a State Department foreign service officer from 1954--1972 and as the deputy representative of the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations from 1972 to 1983.	Guy Ferri	United Nations
employer	Lorcan Dempsey is the Vice-President and Chief Strategist of the Online Computer Library Center (OCLC).	Lorcan Dempsey	Online Computer Library Center
employer	Frank Porter Graham (October 14, 1886 -- February 16, 1972) was President of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and, for a brief period, a United States Senator.	Frank Porter Graham	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Fred W. Turek is the Director of the Center for Sleep & Circadian Biology and the Charles & Emma Morrison Professor of Biology in the Department of Neurobiology, both at Northwestern University.	Fred W. Turek	Northwestern University
employer	Branko Grünbaum (Hebrew: ברנקו גרונבאום‎; born 2 October 1929) is a Yugoslavian-born mathematician and a professor emeritus at the University of Washington in Seattle.	Branko Grünbaum	University of Washington
employer	Arthur Gilchrist Brodeur (September 18, 1888 -- September 9, 1971) was a scholar of early English, German, and Old Norse literature at the University of California, Berkeley.	Arthur Gilchrist Brodeur	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Nicholas Chiorazzi, physician and researcher, is Head of the Karches Center for Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Research at The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research in Manhasset, NY.	Nicholas Chiorazzi	The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research
employer	Eleanor Oldroyd (born in Bury, Lancashire, 2 June 1962) is an English sports broadcaster with BBC Radio.	Eleanor Oldroyd	BBC
employer	Gregory Ashley Mayles (born in 1971 in Coalville, Leicestershire, England), better known as Gregg Mayles, is a British video game designer currently working for video game company Rare as Creative Director.	Gregg Mayles	Rare
father	Baron Henri Hottinguer, was born at castle Piple on 15 September 1868, the first-born son of Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer.	Baron Henri Hottinguer	Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer
father	Princess Lalla Asma of Morocco (Arabic: الأميرة لالة أسماء‎, GCVO, born 29 September 1965, Rabat) is the second daughter and third eldest child of Hassan II of Morocco and his second wife, Lalla Latifa Hammou.	Princess Lalla Asma of Morocco	Hassan II of Morocco
father	Willeke Alberti (3 February 1945, Amsterdam, Netherlands) (real name: Willy Albertina Verbrugge) is a Dutch singer and actress, the daughter of entertainer and singer Willy Alberti and Hendrika Geertruida Kuiper (1921-2011).	Willeke Alberti	Willy Alberti
father	Stephanie Alfonso of Castile (Spanish: Estefanía Alfonso de Castilla) (1139/1148 -- 1 July 1180), also known as Stephanie the Unfortunate (Estefanía la Desdichada), was an illegitimate daughter of Alfonso VII of León and Castile and Urraca Fernández de Castro, widow of Count Rodrigo Martínez.	Stephanie Alfonso of Castile	Alfonso VII of León and Castile
father	Edward Plantagenet, 17th Earl of Warwick (25 February 1475 -- 28 November 1499) was the son of George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence, and a potential claimant to the English throne during the reigns of both Richard III (1483--1485) and his successor, Henry VII (1485--1509).	Edward Plantagenet, 17th Earl of Warwick	George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence
father	John Butler of Kilcash (died 10 May 1570) was the third son of James Butler, 9th Earl of Ormond and Lady Joan Fitzgerald.	John Butler of Kilcash	James Butler, 9th Earl of Ormond
father	Henry Aston Barker (1774 -- 19 July 1856) was a Scottish landscape and panorama painter and exhibitor, the son of Robert Barker whose business he continued.	Henry Aston Barker	Robert Barker
father	John Ricord (September 5, 1813 -- March 26, 1861) whose birth name was probably Jean Baptiste Ricord-Madianna II, was a lawyer and world traveler.	John Ricord	Jean Baptiste Ricord
father	Irena Sendler was born as Irena Krzyżanowska on 15 February 1910 in Otwock, near Warsaw, to Dr. Stanisław Krzyżanowski, a physician, and his wife, Janina.	Irena Sendler	Stanisław Krzyżanowski
father	Ma Xiu (died 211) was the son of the warlord Ma Teng during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Ma Xiu	Ma Teng
father	Neleus of Scepsis (/ˈniːliəs, ˈniːljuːs/; Greek: Νηλεύς), was the son of Coriscus of Scepsis.	Neleus of Scepsis	Coriscus of Scepsis
father	Khari Wynn was born in Boston, Massachusetts, son of acclaimed music critic/writer Ron Wynn.	Khari Wynn	Ron Wynn
father	Bred in Kentucky by Abbott Properties, Hystericalady is the best daughter of the leading sire Distorted Humor, the sire of the dual Classic winning gelding Funny Cide.	Hystericalady	Distorted Humor
father	Victor Channing Sanborn was born in Concord, Massachusetts to Louisa Leavitt and Franklin Benjamin Sanborn, and was named in honor of the poet Ellery Channing.	Victor Channing Sanborn	Franklin Benjamin Sanborn
father	Edward Butler, 2nd Viscount Galmoye (c. 1627-- after 24 October 1667) was the son of Piers Butler of Duiske and Margaret Netterville, daughter of Nicholas Netterville, 1st Viscount Netterville.	Edward Butler, 2nd Viscount Galmoye	Piers Butler of Duiske
father	Helmut Schmidt was born as the eldest of two sons of teachers Ludovica Koch and Gustav Ludwig Schmidt (d. 1981) in Barmbek, a rough working-class district of Hamburg, in 1918.	Helmut Schmidt	Gustav Ludwig Schmidt
father	Micipsa (pronounced: Mikipsa, Berber name: Mikiwsen; died: c. 118 BC) was the eldest legitimate son of Masinissa, the King of Numidia, a Berber kingdom in Ancient Algeria, North Africa.	Micipsa	Masinissa
father	Grimaldo Canella (d. c. 1184) was the youngest son of Otto Canella and Consul of Genoa in 1162, 1170, and 1184.	Grimaldo Canella	Otto Canella
father	Justinus van Nassau (1559 -- 1631) was the only extramarital child of William the Silent.	Justinus van Nassau	William the Silent
father	The Papyrus Prisse, a Middle Kingdom source, supports the fact that King Huni was indeed Sneferu's predecessor.	Sneferu	Huni
father	Omobono Stradivari (November 14, 1679 -- June 8, 1742) was a violin maker and the sixth son of the famous Antonio Stradivari.	Omobono Stradivari	Antonio Stradivari
father	Teddy Schwarzman was born in 1979 in New York City to Stephen A. Schwarzman, the founder, chairman and CEO of The Blackstone Group, and Ellen Katz (née Philips), a trustee of Northwestern University and the Mount Sinai Medical Center.	Teddy Schwarzman	Stephen A. Schwarzman
father	Menkaure was the son of Khafra and the grandson of Khufu.	Menkaure	Khafra
father	James FitzGerald, 10th Earl of Desmond (d. 1529) was the son of Maurice FitzGerald, 9th Earl of Desmond.	James FitzGerald, 10th Earl of Desmond	Maurice FitzGerald, 9th Earl of Desmond
father	Nodouble's Australian-bred sire, Noholme, was the 1959 Australian Horse of the Year who took nearly a full second off the race record in winning the prestigious Cox Plate.	Nodouble	Noholme
father	Ernst-Ludwig von Thadden belongs to the German Uradel family Thadden and is the son of the German author Wiebke von Thadden and the German historian and professor of history at the University of Göttingen, Rudolf von Thadden.	Ernst-Ludwig von Thadden	Rudolf von Thadden
father	Konstanty Władysław Sobieski (1 May 1680 -- 28 February 1726) was a Polish prince, nobleman, politician, diplomat, scholar and the son of John III Sobieski, King of Poland, and his wife, Marie Casimire Louise de la Grange d'Arquien.	Konstanty Władysław Sobieski	John III Sobieski
father	Chandragupta II was the son of the previous ruler, Samudragupta.	Chandragupta II	Samudragupta
father	Prince John of the United Kingdom (John Charles Francis; 12 July 1905 -- 18 January 1919) was the fifth son and youngest of the six children to King George V and his wife, Queen Mary.	Prince John of the United Kingdom	George V
father	Deo Nang Toï (1914-2008) was the daughter of Deo Van Long, the president of the Fédération Taï in North-West Vietnam and Laos under the last years of French Indochina.	Deo Nang Toï	Deo Van Long
father	Louise Hoffsten, born September 6, 1965 in Linköping, Sweden, is a Swedish songwriter, musician and singer spanning several genres, notably rock, blues, folk and pop. Her father, Gunnar Hoffsten, was also a musician and played the trumpet in a jazz band.	Louise Hoffsten	Gunnar Hoffsten
father	Foaled in New Zealand, and trained by Geoff Murphy, Gurner's Lane was sired by Sir Tristram out of Taiona, who also produced the Group One winners Sovereign Red and Trichelle (both full siblings), and was named New Zealand Broodmare of the Year in 1981 and 1983.	Gurner's Lane	Sir Tristram
father	Pedro Afonso, Count of Barcelos (before 1289 - May 1350), was an illegitimate son of King Denis of Portugal and Grácia Frois.	Pedro Afonso, Count of Barcelos	Denis of Portugal
father	Xiao Yu was born in 574, during the reign of his father Emperor Ming of Western Liang, who claimed the throne of Liang Dynasty but whose territory was limited to a small amount of territory around his capital Jiangling.	Xiao Yu	Emperor Ming of Western Liang
father	John Aspinwall Roosevelt (March 13, 1916 -- April 27, 1981) was an American and the sixth and last child of U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and his wife, Eleanor Roosevelt, and the only Roosevelt son who never sought political office.	John Aspinwall Roosevelt	Franklin Delano Roosevelt
father	Neferuptah or Ptahneferu (``Beauty of Ptah'') was a daughter of the Egyptian king Amenemhat III (c. 1860 BC to 1814 BC) of the 12th dynasty.	Neferuptah	Amenemhat III
father	Jordan of Hauteville (after 1055 -- 12/18/19 September 1092) was the eldest son and bastard of Roger I of Sicily.	Jordan of Hauteville	Roger I of Sicily
father	John William Polidori was born on 7 September 1795 in London, the oldest son of Gaetano Polidori, an Italian political émigré scholar, and Anna Maria Pierce, an English governess.	John William Polidori	Gaetano Polidori
father	Gildo Pastor was born in Monaco, the son of Jean-Baptiste Pastor, a stonemason from Liguria, Italy who emigrated to Monte Carlo as a young man in the 1880s.	Gildo Pastor	Jean-Baptiste Pastor
father	He came to throne in July 1628 after having assassinated his father King Anaukpetlun who had discovered Minyedeippa's affair with one of his concubines, daughter of Kengtung Sawbwa.	Minyedeippa	Anaukpetlun
father	Alexander V of Macedon (Greek: Ἀλέξανδρος Εʹ ὁ Μακεδών; died 294 BC) was the third and youngest son of Cassander and Thessalonica of Macedon, who was a half-sister of Alexander the Great.	Alexander V of Macedon	Cassander
father	Cunimund succeeded Thurisind as king.	Cunimund	Thurisind
father	Deng Pufang (simplified Chinese: 邓朴方; traditional Chinese: 鄧樸方; pinyin: Dèng Pǔfāng) (born 16 April 1944) is the first son of China's former Paramount leader Deng Xiaoping.	Deng Pufang	Deng Xiaoping
father	Camilla Way is the daughter of the poet and author Peter Way.	Camilla Way	Peter Way
father	Deirdre was the daughter of the royal storyteller Fedlimid mac Daill.	Deirdre	Fedlimid mac Daill
father	Lieve Geelvinck (28 May 1676 - 22 August 1743) was the son of Joan Geelvinck and grandson of Cornelis Geelvinck and, following them into the vroedschap, he became administrator of the Dutch East India Company and member of the Council of State.	Lieve Geelvinck	Joan Geelvinck
father	Louis the Younger considered himself the true heir of Louis the German and as his father died in 876, Louis buried him in the abbey of Lorsch, in his own territories, in order to emphasise his primacy to his brothers.	Louis the Younger	Louis the German
father	Nicolas Grimal was born to Pierre Grimal in 1948.	Nicolas Grimal	Pierre Grimal
father	Manchu Manoj Kumar was born on 20 May 1983 to film actor Mohan Babu and Manchu Nirmala Devi.	Manchu Manoj	Mohan Babu
father	Giulio d'Este (July 13, 1478 -- March 24, 1561) was the illegitimate son of Ercole I d'Este, Duke of Ferrara, the result of an affair with Isabella Arduin, a lady in the service of Ercole's wife.	Giulio d'Este	Ercole I d'Este, Duke of Ferrara
father	Empery's sire was Vaguely Noble, the winner of the 1968 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe who also sired Hunt's great racing mare, Dahlia.	Empery	Vaguely Noble
father	Matthieu Chedid is the son of French singer Louis Chedid, and the grandson of the Egyptian-born French writer and poetess of Lebanese descent Andrée Chedid who has written lyrics for him.	Matthieu Chedid	Louis Chedid
father	Lucien Bonaparte, Prince Français, 1st Prince of Canino and Musignano (21 May 1775 -- 29 June 1840), born Luciano Buonaparte, was the third surviving son of Carlo Buonaparte and his wife Letizia Ramolino.	Lucien Bonaparte	Carlo Buonaparte
father	Lucy Toulmin Smith was born at Boston, Massachusetts, USA, on 21 November 1838, of English parents, Joshua Toulmin Smith and his wife Martha.	Lucy Toulmin Smith	Joshua Toulmin Smith
father	Elizabeth Cady Stanton, the eighth of 11 children, was born in Johnstown, New York, to Daniel Cady and Margaret Livingston Cady.	Elizabeth Cady Stanton	Daniel Cady
father	Li Chongmei (李重美) (d. January 11, 937), formally the Prince of Yong (雍王), was an imperial prince of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Tang, as a son of its last emperor Li Congke.	Li Chongmei	Li Congke
father	Chiang Hsiao-wu (Chinese: 蔣孝武; also known as Alex Chiang; April 25, 1945 - July 1, 1991), was the second son of Chiang Ching-kuo, the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988.	Chiang Hsiao-wu	Chiang Ching-kuo
father	Ahmad Shah Bahadur, Mirza Ahmad Shah, Mujahid-ud-Din Ahmad Shah Ghazi (23 December 1725 -- 1 January 1775) was born to Mughal Emperor Muhammad Shah.	Ahmad Shah Bahadur	Muhammad Shah
father	Jean-Dominique, comte de Cassini (30 June 1748 -- 18 October 1845) was a French astronomer, son of César-François Cassini de Thury.	Dominique, comte de Cassini	César-François Cassini de Thury
father	Warren Adams was born in Minervaville, South Carolina, in 1838 to Governor James Hopkins Adams and Jane Margaret Scott.	Warren Adams	James Hopkins Adams
father	Georg Ludwig Hartig and Theodor Hartig 1840.	Theodor Hartig	Georg Ludwig Hartig
father	Princess Astrid of Belgium, Archduchess of Austria-Este (born 5 June 1962), is the second child and only daughter of King Albert II and Queen Paola, and younger sister to the current Belgian monarch, King Philippe.	Princess Astrid of Belgium, Archduchess of Austria-Este	Albert II
father	Heinrich Lossow's father was Arnold Hermann Lossow, a Bremen sculptor.	Heinrich Lossow	Arnold Hermann Lossow
father	A son of Storm Cat, who in 2006 became the world's most expensive stallion, Tabasco Cat was out of the mare Barbicue Sauce.	Tabasco Cat	Storm Cat
father	Lady Eleanor Beaufort (1431 -- 16 August 1501) was the daughter of Edmund Beaufort, 2nd Duke of Somerset (1406-1455), KG, and was a sister of the 3rd and 4th Dukes of Somerset.	Eleanor Beaufort	Edmund Beaufort, 2nd Duke of Somerset
father	Gervase of Blois was the illegitimate son of King Stephen of England and his mistress, Damette.	Gervase of Blois	Stephen of England
father	Margareta von Ascheberg was the youngest child of Field Marshal Rutger von Ascheberg and Magdalena Eleonora Busseck.	Margareta von Ascheberg	Rutger von Ascheberg
father	Nicholas Brend, born between 22 September 1560 and 21 September 1561, was a younger son of Thomas Brend (c. 1516 -- 21 September 1598) of West Molesey, Surrey, a London scrivener.	Nicholas Brend	Thomas Brend
father	Herman II, Count of Winzenburg (died 29 January 1152) was a son of Herman I, Count of Winzenburg and his second wife, Hedwig.	Herman II, Count of Winzenburg	Herman I, Count of Winzenburg
founder	StudentsFirst is a political lobbying organization formed by U.S. public school reform advocate Michelle Rhee in 2010, after she resigned as school chancellor of Washington D.C. public schools.	StudentsFirst	Michelle Rhee
headquarters location	Angel Bakeries (Hebrew: מאפיות אנג'ל‎ Ma'afiyot Angel), also known as Angel's Bakery, is the largest commercial bakery in Israel, producing 275,000 loaves of bread and 275,000 rolls daily and controlling 30 percent of the country's bread market.	Angel Bakeries	Israel
headquarters location	The United States Africa Command (U.S. AFRICOM (official abbreviation), USAFRICOM, or AFRICOM) is one of nine Unified Combatant Commands of the United States Armed Forces, headquartered at Kelley Barracks, Stuttgart, Germany.	United States Africa Command	Kelley Barracks
headquarters location	RiverCity Motorway Group is a Queensland company that operates Brisbane's first private tollway--the Clem Jones Tunnel (CLEM7).	RiverCity Motorway	Brisbane
headquarters location	AM General is an American heavy vehicle manufacturer based in South Bend, Indiana.	AM General	South Bend
headquarters location	The David Lynch Foundation For Consciousness-Based Education and World Peace (DLF) is a global charitable foundation with offices in New York City, Los Angeles, and Fairfield, Iowa.	David Lynch Foundation	Fairfield
headquarters location	Haas Automation, Inc is an American machine tool builder headquartered in Oxnard, California.	Haas Automation	Oxnard
headquarters location	XTB is operated by X-Trade Brokers Dom Maklerski S.A. based in Warsaw, Poland; its representative company, XTB Limited, is based in London, United Kingdom, and is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.	X-Trade Brokers	Warsaw
headquarters location	The Gentle Barn is an American nonprofit 501(c)(3) animal welfare organization located in Santa Clarita, California.	The Gentle Barn	Santa Clarita
headquarters location	Veteran Tickets Foundation (VTF) is a national, non-profit, 501c(3) organization located in Phoenix, Arizona that gives free event tickets to Veterans, Active Duty Military and their families.	Veteran Tickets Foundation	Phoenix
headquarters location	Element Yachts is a second generation Canadian boatbuilding company located in Erin, Ontario.	Element Yachts	Erin
headquarters location	SV Angel is a San Francisco-based angel investment firm, which helps startup companies with business development, financing, M&A and other strategic advice.	SV Angel	San Francisco
headquarters location	Alliance Trust PLC is a publicly traded investment and financial services company, headquartered in Dundee, Scotland.	Alliance Trust	Dundee
headquarters location	Yvert et Tellier is a postage stamp dealer and a philatelic publishing company founded in 1895 in the northern French city of Amiens, where the head office is still located.	Yvert et Tellier	Amiens
headquarters location	Coca Braun (stylized as coca braun) is an international photographic cooperative owned by its photographer-members, with offices located in Amsterdam, Munich and Berlin.	Coca Braun	Amsterdam
headquarters location	PetroSkills was founded in 1963 and is based out of Tulsa, Oklahoma.	PetroSkills	Tulsa
headquarters location	Mitsubishi Fuso Truck of America, Inc. (MFTA), Logan Township, New Jersey, United States, imports and markets Class 3 through Class 5 diesel-powered, medium-duty cabover trucks through more than 200 dealer locations in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico and Guam.	Mitsubishi Fuso Truck of America, Inc.	Logan Township, New Jersey
headquarters location	Tänapäev is an Estonian publishing house established in 1999 and headquartered in Tallinn.	Tänapäev	Tallinn
headquarters location	Collings Guitars is an Austin, Texas based stringed instrument manufacturer.	Collings Guitars	Austin
headquarters location	Carson Helicopters, Inc is a helicopter operating company based in Perkasie, Pennsylvania, United States.	Carson Helicopters	Perkasie
headquarters location	The Teen Driver Challenge (TDC) sponsored by the Florida Sheriffs Association (FSA) is a 12-hour course presented to students over a two-day period, ideally with a 5-to-1 student-to-instructor ratio.	Teen Driver Challenge	Florida
headquarters location	Fairmount Heavy Transport was founded in 2005 and based in Rotterdam.	Fairmount Heavy Transport	Rotterdam
headquarters location	Best Before Records is a boutique independent record label based in London, United Kingdom.	Best Before Records	London
headquarters location	Ariens Company is a Brillion, Wisconsin-based equipment company which has a long history manufacturing snow blowers and lawn tractors for commercial and high-end consumer markets.	Ariens	Brillion, Wisconsin
headquarters location	PhotoDisc, Inc. based in Seattle, was a publisher of digital stock photography free of royalties.	PhotoDisc	Seattle
headquarters location	Ultimate Pro Wrestling (UPW) was a Los Angeles, California based independent pro wrestling company owned and operated by Rick Bassman, that operated from 1999 to 2007 .	Ultimate Pro Wrestling	California
headquarters location	Second Intention is a game development consultancy based in Wellington, New Zealand.	Second Intention	Wellington
headquarters location	Vodafone New Zealand is a telecommunications company operating in New Zealand; it is a subsidiary of the London-listed company Vodafone Plc. It is New Zealand's largest mobile phone operator, based in Auckland, and was formed in 1998, after Vodafone purchased BellSouth's New Zealand operations.	Vodafone New Zealand	Auckland
headquarters location	Tata Naka (Georgian: თათა ნაკა) is a dress label owned by Georgian twin sisters Tamar and Natasha Surguladze based in London, UK.	Tata Naka	London
headquarters location	IISCO Steel Plant of Steel Authority of India Limited, located at Burnpur in Asansol, is an integrated steel plant with an installed capacity of producing 2.5 million tonnes of liquid steel.	IISCO Steel Plant	Burnpur
headquarters location	The Dow Chemical Company (NYSE: DOW), commonly referred to as Dow, is an American multinational chemical corporation headquartered in Midland, Michigan.	Dow Chemical Company	Midland
headquarters location	VF Corporation is an American worldwide apparel and footwear company founded in 1899 and headquartered in Greensboro, North Carolina.	VF Corporation	Greensboro
headquarters location	Connexus Internet is an Australian-owned and operated ASX-listed Internet service provider founded and based in Melbourne, Australia, in 1989, which primarily caters to the business sector.	Connexus Internet	Melbourne
headquarters location	Premier Foods plc is a British food manufacturer headquartered in St Albans, Hertfordshire.	Premier Foods	St Albans
headquarters location	Telasi is an electricity distribution company of Tbilisi, Georgia.	Telasi	Tbilisi
headquarters location	Steam Whistle Brewing is a brewery in Toronto.	Steam Whistle Brewing	Toronto
headquarters location	The Austrian Federal Computing Centre or Bundesrechenzentrum (BRZ) is a public information technology (IT) service provider based in Vienna.	Austrian Federal Computing Centre	Vienna
headquarters location	In 2006 DFDS Seaways stopped serving Sweden when MS Princess of Scandinavia was taken off service and the Copenhagen--	DFDS Seaways	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Orion Corporation, founded in 1917 and headquartered at Espoo, Finland, is a Finnish company, which develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceuticals, active pharmaceutical ingredients and diagnostic tests for global markets.	Orion Corporation	Espoo
headquarters location	Polysoude is a French welding company headquartered in Nantes.	Polysoude	Nantes
headquarters location	Direct Edge was a Jersey City, New Jersey-based stock exchange operating two separate platforms, EDGA Exchange and EDGX Exchange.	Direct Edge	Jersey City
headquarters location	Roxtec Limited's head office is in Bury, Greater Manchester, and is responsible for operations in the UK and Ireland.	Roxtec	Bury
headquarters location	The operating company, Pandora TV Co., Ltd., has its headquarters in the Seoul-Gangnam Building in Yeoksam-dong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul.	Pandora TV	Seoul
headquarters location	The Alaska Steamship Company was purchased in August 1944 for $4,290,000 by the Skinner and Eddy Corporation of Seattle.	Alaska Steamship Company	Seattle
headquarters location	CS Energy is an Australia-based electricity generating company owned by the Government of Queensland with its head office located in Fortitude Valley, Brisbane.	CS Energy	Brisbane
headquarters location	Marshall Aerospace and Defence Group is an aircraft maintenance, modification and design company located at Cambridge Airport, which it also owns and operates.	Marshall Aerospace and Defence Group	Cambridge Airport
headquarters location	Qlipso was incubated and funded by Jerusalem Venture Partners and now headquartered in Los Angeles, California, with additional offices in New York City and Jerusalem, Israel.	Qlipso	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Jilin Aodong Medicine Industry Group Company Limited (SZSE: 000623; Chinese: 吉林敖東藥業集團股份有限公) is a state-owned enterprise in Dunhua, Jilin, China.	Jilin Aodong Medicine	Dunhua
headquarters location	Namdhari's Fresh (a unit of Namdhari's Seeds) is a grocery store chain, started in 2000 in the city of Bangalore.	Namdhari's Fresh	Bangalore
headquarters location	The Bank continues operations today under the Banco Nacional Ultramarino brand in Macau, a Chinese Special Administrative Region and former Portuguese colony, where it is also licensed to issue Macanese pataca banknotes.	Banco Nacional Ultramarino	Macau
headquarters location	Tricycle Records is a San Francisco based independent record label founded in 2006 by Julie Schuchard and Don Joslin (The Union Trade).	Tricycle Records	San Francisco
headquarters location	The story of the Marcegaglia Group began in 1959, when Steno Marcegaglia, not quite thirty, together with a partner, through Marcegaglia-Caraffini of Gazoldo degli Ippoliti (Mantua), took over an artisan company producing irrigation pipes and metal guides for rolling shutters.	Marcegaglia	Gazoldo degli Ippoliti
headquarters location	SCHIN was formed in 1993 as an academic research organization within the University of Newcastle upon Tyne.	SCHIN	Newcastle upon Tyne
headquarters location	On September 14, 2010 it was announced that Music Oasis, Inc. of Scottsdale, AZ; parent company of ZONE Radio Imaging, purchase Thompson Creative.	Thompson Creative	Scottsdale
headquarters location	Petcetera was a pet specialty supply retailer founded in Richmond, British Columbia in 1995 by Dan Urbani.	Petcetera	Richmond
headquarters location	The Islamic Insurance Company, also known as the First Takaful and Re-Takaful Insurance Company, is a private insurance firm based in Mogadishu, Somalia.	Islamic Insurance Company	Mogadishu
headquarters location	The National Theatre of Namibia is the State Theatre in the Namibian capital Windhoek.	National Theatre of Namibia	Windhoek
headquarters location	Industria de Diseño Textil, S.A. (Inditex) (/ˌɪndɪˈtɛks/, Spanish: (indiˈteks); Textile Design Industries) is a Spanish multinational clothing company headquartered in Arteixo, Galicia.	Inditex	Arteixo
headquarters location	Maxim Recruitment Ltd is a British recruitment agency headquartered in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, England with associated offices located in Hong Kong and Dubai.	Maxim Recruitment	Melton Mowbray
headquarters location	MENCK GmbH is a specialist offshore engineering company and part of the Acteon Group Ltd. Headquartered in Kaltenkirchen, North Germany, MENCK GmbH provides specialised hydraulic pile-driving services for the oil and gas industry and in the construction of other offshore structures such as bridges and wind farms.	MENCK GmbH	Kaltenkirchen
headquarters location	William Gray & Company Ltd. was a British shipbuilding company located in West Hartlepool, County Durham, in North East England.	William Gray & Company	West Hartlepool
headquarters location	Coffee World is a brand of Global Franchise Architects (GFA), a Geneva Switzerland-based company that builds, operates, and franchises a select portfolio of specialty food service brands.	Coffee World	Geneva
headquarters location	Criminal IQ Records is an independent record label based in Chicago, Illinois, founded by John Babbin and Darius Hurley to facilitate the releases from Chicago's no-wave/punk scene circa 2003 to present.	Criminal IQ Records	Chicago
headquarters location	Cravens Railway Carriage and Wagon Company Limited was a railway rolling stock builder in the Darnall district of Sheffield, England.	Cravens	Sheffield
headquarters location	Melstar Information Technologies (BSE: 532307) is an application development software services company based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Melstar Information Technologies	Mumbai
headquarters location	SkyGreece Airlines S.A. was a Canadian-owned Greek airline headquartered in Markopoulo Mesogaias, Attica, near Athens.	SkyGreece Airlines	Athens
headquarters location	Kenya Pipeline Company operates a pipeline system for transportation of refined petroleum products from Mombasa to Nairobi and western Kenya towns of Nakuru, Kisumu and Eldoret.	Kenya Pipeline Company	Nairobi
headquarters location	Indian Bank (Hindi:इंडियन बैंक)(Tamil;இந்தியவங்கி) is an Indian state-owned financial services company established in 1907 and headquartered in Chennai, India.	Indian Bank	Chennai
headquarters location	À la Table de Spanghero, commonly known as Spanghero, is a French meat processing company based in Castelnaudary, Aude.	À la Table de Spanghero	Castelnaudary
headquarters location	Meanwhile, Swan Hunter inherited both the Naval Yard at High Walker on the River Tyne of Vickers-Armstrongs and the Hebburn Yard of Hawthorn Leslie in 1968.	Swan Hunter	River Tyne
headquarters location	The Lefever Arms Company (1883--1916) was a manufacturer of guns in Syracuse, New York founded by Daniel Myron Lefever (1835--1906) who was an American gun maker, popularly known as ``Uncle Dan Lefever''.	Lefever Arms Company	Syracuse
headquarters location	Para-Ski International was a Canadian aircraft manufacturer, based in Mascouche, Quebec.	Para-Ski	Mascouche
headquarters location	Motovario® was founded in 1965 by Giancarlo Raguzzoni in Formigine in the heart of Modena industrial district.	Motovario	Formigine
headquarters location	Nordseewerke Emden GmbH (sometimes abbreviated NSWE, in English: North Sea Company) was a shipbuilding company, located in the north German city of Emden.	Nordseewerke	Emden
headquarters location	BCI Engineers & Scientists, Inc., based in Lakeland, Florida, is an Engineering/Geology consultant company.	BCI Engineers & Scientists, Inc.	Lakeland
headquarters location	Guardly is a Canadian-based security company with headquarters in Toronto.	Guardly	Toronto
headquarters location	The Tote, formerly the Horserace Totalisator Board and called in rhyming slang the nanny, is a British bookmaker with head offices in Wigan.	The Tote	Wigan
headquarters location	Budoart (a portemanteau of boudoir and art) is a contemporary art gallery specializing in contemporary Czech artists, based in Prague.	Budoart	Prague
headquarters location	Hin Stuttligi Flokkurin (English: The Funny Party) was a joke political party in the Faroe Islands.	Funny Party	Faroe Islands
headquarters location	AC Lens is a privately held company based in Columbus, Ohio that sells contact lenses, eyeglasses and vision care products online.	AC Lens	Columbus
headquarters location	North American Arms is a United States company, headquartered in Provo, Utah, that manufactures pocket pistols and mini-revolvers.	North American Arms	Provo
headquarters location	The Admiralty Shipyard (Admiralty Wharves) (Russian: Адмиралтейские верфи) (formerly Soviet Shipyard No. 194) is one of the oldest and largest shipyards in Russia, located in Saint Petersburg.	Admiralty Shipyard	Saint Petersburg
headquarters location	Gelesis is a privately held biotechnology company located in Boston, Massachusetts.	Gelesis	Boston
headquarters location	Technogym is a manufacturer of fitness equipment based in Cesena, Italy.	Technogym	Cesena
headquarters location	TransAsia Airways (TNA; traditional Chinese: 復興航空; simplified Chinese: 复兴航空; pinyin: Fùxīng Hángkōng) (lit. ``Revival Airlines) is an airline based in Neihu District, Taipei, Taiwan.	TransAsia Airways	Neihu District
headquarters location	Buckeye Industries, also called Buckeye Aviation, was an American aircraft manufacturer, based in Argos, Indiana.	Buckeye Industries	Argos
headquarters location	Tata Research Development and Design Centre (TRDDC) is the first software research centre in Pune India established by TCS in 1981.TRDDC undertakes research in Software Engineering, Process Engineering and Systems Research.	Tata Research Development and Design Centre	Pune
headquarters location	Sattler's was a regional department store chain headquartered at 998 Broadway, Buffalo, New York, two miles (3 km) from the downtown core.	Sattler's	Buffalo
headquarters location	Kolzam is a Polish company, based in Racibórz, specialising in the production, maintenance, and modernisation of railway rolling stock.	Kolzam	Racibórz
headquarters location	As of July 2012, Wasabi Anime has hosted events in California, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, and Las Vegas.	Wasabi Anime	Florida
headquarters location	The network operated by Belgrano Cargas extended through the provinces of Buenos Aires, Santa Fe, Córdoba, Mendoza, Santiago del Estero, San Juan, La Rioja, Catamarca, Tucumán, Chaco, Formosa, Salta and Jujuy.	Belgrano Cargas	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	Saint Thomas Health (STHe) is an integrated health delivery system based in Nashville, Tennessee.	Saint Thomas Health	Nashville
headquarters location	Eugen Systems is a French video game developer based in Paris, France.	Eugen Systems	Paris
headquarters location	On August 31, 1999 the company was incorporated in Delaware as Virata Corporation and the company headquarters became Bunker Hill Lane, Santa Clara, California 95054.	Virata Corporation	Santa Clara
headquarters location	Heartland REACT is a chapter of REACT International based in Omaha, Nebraska.	Heartland REACT	Omaha
headquarters location	Gábor Kornél Tolnai, born November 22, 1902 in Budapest, died on February 3, 1982 in Stockholm, was a Hungarian-Swedish Diploma engineer, inventor, constructor, mechanical engineer, precision engineer, electrical engineer and a self-employed person.	Gábor Kornél Tolnai	Stockholm
headquarters location	Old Chang Kee (Chinese: 老曾记; pinyin: Lǎocéngjì) is an established snack chain in Singapore specialising in curry puffs and other local snacks.	Old Chang Kee	Singapore
headquarters location	Libreria antiquaria Bourlot is an historic antiquarian bookshop in Turin, Italy.	Libreria antiquaria Bourlot	Turin
headquarters location	Carrenza, is a cloud-computing company based in London, United Kingdom.	Carrenza	London
headquarters location	Uttara Bank Limited (UBL) was established in 1965 with the head office located at Motijheel in Dhaka.	Uttara Bank	Dhaka
headquarters location	WellCare Health Plans, Inc. began operations in 1985 and is based in Tampa, Florida.	WellCare	Tampa
headquarters location	OneSimCard was introduced in 2007 by parent company Belmont Telecom Inc. a licensed U.S. interexchange carrier providing telecommunications services since 1994.	OneSimCard	Belmont
headquarters location	Charles Tombras Advertising, Inc., dba The Tombras Group, is a full service advertising agency founded in 1946 and headquartered in Knoxville, Tennessee, noted for its national advertising campaigns in the United States.	Tombras Group	Knoxville
headquarters location	Whittier Street Health Center is a Federally Qualified Health Center that provides primary care and support services to primarily low-income, racially and ethnically diverse populations mostly from the Roxbury, Dorchester, and Mattapan neighborhoods of Boston, Massachusetts.	Whittier Street Health Center	Boston
headquarters location	Simon Fraser University, commonly referred to as SFU, is a public research university in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada, with its main campus on Burnaby Mountain and satellite campuses in Downtown Vancouver and Surrey.	Simon Fraser University	Burnaby
headquarters location	Lifan Industry (Group) Co., Ltd. (Lifan Group or Lifan, Chinese: 力帆, lit. ``Great Sail'') is a privately owned Chinese motorcycle and automobile manufacturer headquartered in Chongqing, China.	Lifan Group	Chongqing
headquarters location	Alleycat's Pizza, usually referred to simply as Alleycat's, is a pizzeria chain restaurant that started in Taipei, Taiwan, in 2004.	Alleycat's Pizza	Taipei
headquarters location	In 1983 T/Maker Company was incorporated in Mountain View, California by Heidi Roizen --	T/Maker	Mountain View
headquarters location	X-Rite, Inc. is a manufacturer of color measurement and management solutions, located in Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States.	X-Rite	Grand Rapids
headquarters location	Cornerstone OnDemand Inc. is a cloud-based learning and talent management solutions provider headquartered in Santa Monica, California.	Cornerstone OnDemand Inc.	Santa Monica
headquarters location	After immigrating from Russian-controlled Congress Poland to the United States in 1904 Max Factor moved his family and business to Los Angeles, California, seeing an opportunity to provide made-to-order wigs and theatrical make-up to the growing film industry.	Max Factor	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Incinerator Studios was an American video game developer, based in Carlsbad, California.	Incinerator Studios	Carlsbad
headquarters location	Vitol has almost 40 offices worldwide and its largest operations are in Geneva, Houston, London, and Singapore.	Vitol	Geneva
headquarters location	Laverda S.p.A. -- in the small rural village of Breganze in Vicenza province (North-East of Italy).	Laverda	Breganze
headquarters location	China High Speed Transmission was founded in 1969, formerly Nanjing Machine Tool Repairing Plant.	China High Speed Transmission	Nanjing
headquarters location	Attica TV is a Greek regionally based television station in Aspropyrgos of Attica.	Attica TV	Aspropyrgos
headquarters location	Stuckey's Corporation, the company operating the chains, has its headquarters in Eastman, Georgia.	Stuckey's	Eastman, Georgia
headquarters location	Vasanta Group is the UK's largest office supplies company, headquartered in Sheffield.	Vasanta Group	Sheffield
headquarters location	SemGroup headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma, is a transporter of oil and natural gas through pipelines from refineries to end users, as well as the manufacturer and seller of asphalt.	SemGroup	Tulsa
headquarters location	Got Game Entertainment, LLC was an American developer and publisher of videogames, based in Weston, Connecticut.	Got Game Entertainment	Weston
headquarters location	Tata Group is an Indian multinational conglomerate holding company headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Tata Group	Mumbai
headquarters location	In 2003, Rasmussen founded Rasmussen Reports, based in Asbury Park, New Jersey.	Rasmussen Reports	Asbury Park
headquarters location	BAM Nuttall Limited (formerly known as Edmund Nuttall Limited) is a construction and civil engineering company headquartered in Camberley, United Kingdom.	BAM Nuttall	Camberley
headquarters location	Swiss Chalet is a Canadian chain of casual dining restaurants founded in 1954 in Toronto.	Swiss Chalet	Toronto
headquarters location	The Artery Foundation is a full-service management company based in California and founded in 2004.	The Artery Foundation	California
headquarters location	Wilhelm J. Sluka or the Conditorei Sluka is a famous Konditorei and café in Vienna, and a traditional k.u.k.	Wilhelm J. Sluka	Vienna
headquarters location	Its first AirMall at the Pittsburgh International Airport in 1992.	AirMall	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	Joyce Boutique Holdings Limited (SEHK: 647) is a famous fashion retailer in Hong Kong.	Joyce Boutique	Hong Kong
headquarters location	TBWA Worldwide is an international advertising agency whose headquarters are in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, United States.	TBWA Worldwide	New York City
headquarters location	Churches for Middle East Peace (CMEP) is a 501 (c)(3) non-profit advocacy organization based in Washington, D.C. As a coalition of Orthodox, Catholic and Protestant churches, CMEP works to influence American policy in ways that will bring justice and peace for all people and countries in the Middle East.	Churches for Middle East Peace	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	The Foundation for California Community Colleges is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt nonprofit organization based in Sacramento, California.	Foundation for California Community Colleges	Sacramento
headquarters location	Topps Tiles plc is a British national retailer based in Enderby.	Topps Tiles	Enderby
headquarters location	The Equal Justice Initiative (or EJI) is a non-profit organization, based in Montgomery, Alabama, that provides legal representation to prisoners who may have been wrongly convicted of crimes, poor prisoners, and others who may have been denied a fair trial.	Equal Justice Initiative	Montgomery
headquarters location	TNT N.V. was an international express, mail delivery and logistics services company with headquarters in Hoofddorp, Netherlands.	TNT N.V.	Hoofddorp
headquarters location	Young Rewired State (often stylized as YRS) is an organisation based in the United Kingdom, which run events and schemes for technically gifted young people aged 18 and under.	Young Rewired State	United Kingdom
headquarters location	The Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation (TWSE; Chinese: 臺灣證券交易所; pinyin: Táiwān Zhèngquàn Jiāoyì Suǒ) is a financial institution, located in Taipei 101, in Taipei, Taiwan.	Taiwan Stock Exchange	Taipei 101
headquarters location	Vosper & Company, often referred to simply as Vospers, was a British shipbuilding company based in Portsmouth, England.	Vosper & Company	Portsmouth
headquarters location	The University of Giessen, officially called the Justus Liebig University Giessen (German: Justus-Liebig-Universität Gießen), is a large public research university in Giessen, Hesse, Germany.	University of Giessen	Gießen
headquarters location	The Cobthorn Trust was formed in 1986, originally to support and promote the conservation activities at Cobthorn Farm in Congresbury, North Somerset.	Cobthorn Trust	Congresbury
headquarters location	ONEOK, Inc. is a diversified Fortune 200 corporation based in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	ONEOK	Tulsa
headquarters location	Bruntwood is a family-owned property company offering office space, serviced offices, retail space and virtual offices in the north of England and Birmingham in the United Kingdom.	Bruntwood	Birmingham
headquarters location	Crystal Fountains Inc., known as Crystal, is a water feature design and product manufacturing firm based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Crystal Fountains	Toronto
headquarters location	The central office of Nepal Telecom is located at Bhadrakali Plaza, Kathmandu.	Nepal Telecom	Kathmandu
headquarters location	Ecotricity is a green energy company based in Stroud, Gloucestershire, England specialising in selling green energy to consumers that it primarily generated from its 70 megawatt wind power portfolio (they prefer the term Windmill rather than Wind-Turbine).	Ecotricity	Stroud
headquarters location	Originally covering only Windhoek, Rehoboth and Okahandja, One Africa Television has grown significantly.	One Africa Television	Windhoek
headquarters location	A. Reyrolle & Company was a British engineering firm based in Hebburn, Tyne and Wear in the North East of England.	A. Reyrolle & Company	Hebburn
headquarters location	PTW Architects is an Australian architecture firm founded in Sydney in 1889.	PTW Architects	Sydney
headquarters location	AGS Airports Limited is the United Kingdom-based owner of Aberdeen, Glasgow and Southampton Airports.	AGS Airports	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (SpaceX) is an American aerospace manufacturer and space transport services company with its headquarters in Hawthorne, California, USA.	SpaceX	Hawthorne
headquarters location	Songkick is one of the original high tech startups in London's Silicon Roundabout area.	Songkick	London
headquarters location	Fine Spinners and Doublers was a major cotton spinning business based in Manchester, England.	Fine Spinners and Doublers	Manchester
headquarters location	C&I Eurotrans XXI is a coachbuilder based in Bucharest, Romania.	C&I Eurotrans XXI	Bucharest
headquarters location	JT Storage (also known as JTS Corporation, JTS Corp and JTS) was a maker of inexpensive IDE hard drives for personal computers based in San Jose, California.	JT Storage	San Jose
headquarters location	Elite Gudz was an independent game and creative studio based in New York, NY.	Elite Gudz	New York
headquarters location	Learn.com was a software company headquartered in Sunrise, Florida.	Learn.com	Sunrise
headquarters location	Byline Bank is an American bank based in Chicago.	Byline Bank	Chicago
headquarters location	MindWorks Media is a film production company based in Islamabad, Pakistan, founded by Hassan Waqas Rana, Umar Garcia Tariq and Umair Jaswal in 2008.	MindWorks Media	Islamabad
headquarters location	Vero Precision Engineering Ltd (VPE) was a UK machine-tool manufacturing company which operated from premises at 7 South Mill Rd, Southampton SO15 4JW.	Vero Precision Engineering Ltd	Southampton
headquarters location	World Television (WTV SA) is one of the longest established creative and digital video communications agency in Europe, headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland with fully staffed offices in London, Cologne, Frankfurt, Madrid, Stockholm and Zurich.	World Television	London
headquarters location	Ranchi Science Centre is the first science centre in the state of Jharkhand in India, under Jharkhand Council on Science & Technology (JCST) of Department of Science & Technology, Government of Jharkhand (GOJ).	Ranchi Science Centre	India
headquarters location	Magirus GmbH is a truck manufacturer based in Ulm, Germany, founded by Conrad Dietrich Magirus (1824--1895).	Magirus	Ulm
headquarters location	Nitrome, commonly known as Nitrome Limited, is a British independent game development company based in London.	Nitrome	London
headquarters location	Burson-Marsteller is a global public relations and communications firm headquartered in New York City.	Burson-Marsteller	New York City
headquarters location	Immediate Music, LLC (commonly known as Immediate Music) is a music composition company based in Santa Monica that is notable for providing a specialized library of high-end trailer music for commercial motion pictures.	Immediate Music	Santa Monica
headquarters location	Finansbank is a Turkish bank with headquarters in Levent, Istanbul.	Finansbank	Levent
headquarters location	Liceo Mirella Catalán Urzúa (English: Mirella Catalán Urzúa High School) is a Chilean high school located in Paredones, Cardenal Caro Province, Chile.	Liceo Mirella Catalán Urzúa	Paredones
headquarters location	Autolinee Regionali Luganesi (ARL) is a public transport operator in the region around the Swiss city of Lugano.	Autolinee Regionali Luganesi	Lugano
headquarters location	HIP Video Promo is a privately owned music video promotion company based out of South River, New Jersey.	HIP Video Promo	South River, New Jersey
headquarters location	The Maschinenbauanstalt Übigau was a German engineering firm based in the present-day district of Übigau in the city of Dresden, Germany.	Maschinenbauanstalt Übigau	Dresden
headquarters location	Hidesign is a leather goods manufacturer based in Pondicherry, India.	Hidesign	Pondicherry
headquarters location	Coraid, Inc. was a computer data storage vendor that provided storage area network (SAN) products that used Ethernet, headquartered in Redwood City, California.	Coraid, Inc.	Redwood City
headquarters location	Pontiflex is a mobile advertising company based in Brooklyn, NY.	Pontiflex	Brooklyn
headquarters location	Proper Games is a British video game developer based in Dundee, Scotland.	Proper Games	Dundee
headquarters location	Warehouse Shoe Sale, branded as WSS, is a retail chain of shoe stores headquartered in Los Angeles, California, with 67 retail outlets as of July 2015.	Warehouse Shoe Sale	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Hanna Andersson is an American, Portland, Oregon-based corporation that specializes in children's apparel.	Hanna Andersson	Portland
headquarters location	Traverse Legal, PLC is a law office in Traverse City, Michigan and Los Angeles California.	Traverse Legal	Traverse City
headquarters location	Sparebanken Møre is a Norwegian savings bank, headquartered in Ålesund, Norway.	Sparebanken Møre	Ålesund
headquarters location	Foreverlamp is headquartered in the Hong Kong and holds regional offices in Beijing, Taipei and Los Angeles.	Foreverlamp	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Titan Cement Company S.A. is a large multinational cement and building materials producing company, based in Athens, Greece.	Titan Cement	Athens
headquarters location	Graymatics is a cognitive media processing company based in Santa Clara, California, United States and in Singapore.	Graymatics	Santa Clara
headquarters location	SH Arnolt Inc. of Chicago and Warsaw Indiana sold four different manufacturer's cars with Bertone bodies during the period 1953 to 1968.	Arnolt	Chicago
headquarters location	The 1980s included further expansion activities for Fountain Tire: a move to the new head office based in southeast Edmonton, a change in Fountain Tire's expansion strategy, and a partnership formed with one of the world's top tire manufacturers, Goodyear.	Fountain Tire	Edmonton
headquarters location	On November 3, 2010, 38 Studios announced the closure of its $75 million financing package in conjunction with the EDC and the relocation of the Maynard, Massachusetts development studio to One Empire Plaza, Providence, Rhode Island, in early 2011.	38 Studios	Providence
headquarters location	Crowley Milner and Company, generally referred to as Crowley's, was a department store chain founded in Detroit, Michigan in 1909.	Crowley's	Detroit
headquarters location	Azul Linhas Aéreas Brasileiras S/A (Azul Brazilian Airlines; or simply Azul) is a low cost carrier based in Barueri.	Azul Brazilian Airlines	Barueri
headquarters location	Tinsley & Hull was a Savannah, Georgia based cotton brokerage which became insolvent in 1913.	Tinsley & Hull	Savannah
headquarters location	Weatherbys is a privately owned English company, established 1770, and currently based in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire.	Weatherbys	Wellingborough
headquarters location	Neiman Marcus, originally Neiman-Marcus, is an American luxury specialty department store owned by the Neiman Marcus Group, headquartered in Dallas, Texas.	Neiman Marcus	Dallas
headquarters location	BTA Bank (Kazakh: БТА) (BTA Bank Joint-Stock Company in full) is a Kazakhstan bank with headquarters in Almaty.	BTA Bank	Almaty
headquarters location	The Young PAP (YP) is the youth-wing of Singapore's governing People's Action Party (PAP), and serves as a youth organisation for young adults and students in Singapore who support the ruling party and have an interest in politics.	Young PAP	Singapore
headquarters location	Icing Works is a Penarth based supplier of cupcake cases, boxes and icing equipment to cupcake shops.	Icing Works	Penarth
headquarters location	In 2000, after the assassination of Brigadier Saunders by the terrorist group 17 November (17N), and especially with the forthcoming Athens Olympics being a major terrorist target, a significant international pressure was exerted on PASOK to recognise that Greece had a terrorist problem and do everything possible to bring the terrorist group to justice.	PASOK	Athens
headquarters location	Nicaise et Delcuve was a Belgian metal engineering company based in La Louvière, Belgium.	Nicaise et Delcuve	La Louvière
headquarters location	The Co-operative Bank plc is a retail and commercial bank in the United Kingdom, with its headquarters in Balloon Street, Manchester.	The Co-operative Bank	Manchester
headquarters location	Atommash (Russian: ``Атоммаш'') is a multidisciplinary engineering company located in Volgodonsk, Rostov Oblast, Russia.	Atommash	Volgodonsk
headquarters location	Hana Micron was founded in 2001 and its headquarters is located in Asan City, South Korea.	Hana Micron	Asan
headquarters location	Diffus Design is a design company and consultancy based in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Diffus Design	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Apollo Education Group, Inc. is an S&P 400 corporation based in the South Phoenix area of Phoenix, Arizona.	Apollo Education Group	Phoenix
headquarters location	Robbs was a mid-size department store in Hexham, owned by Beales.	Robbs	Hexham
headquarters location	The Harsco Infrastructure Deutschland GmbH (formerly Hünnebeck GmbH), with its headquarters located in Ratingen, Germany, is a subsidiary of the Harsco Corporation.	Harsco Infrastructure Deutschland GmbH	Ratingen
headquarters location	Solar Trust of America was an integrated solar industrial solutions company founded in 2009 and based in Oakland, California.	Solar Trust of America	Oakland
headquarters location	Bryant University is a private university, located in Smithfield, Rhode Island, U.S., that grants the degrees of bachelor of arts, bachelor of science, and master's degrees in business, taxation and accounting.	Bryant University	Smithfield, Rhode Island
headquarters location	Sud Radio Groupe (from 1992 until 2010 Groupe Start) is a French company established in 1992 which engages in radio publishing and is based in Orléans, France.	Sud Radio Groupe	Orléans
headquarters location	Pearson and Darling was an architectural firm based in Toronto from 1897 through 1923, a key player in shaping the urban look of the city and the rest of Canada in the first half of the 20th century.	Pearson and Darling	Toronto
headquarters location	Rap-A-Lot Records is a Houston hip hop record label that was created in 1986.	Rap-A-Lot Records	Houston
headquarters location	Adam and Noah Brown were American shipbuilders, based in New York City, who were active between 1804 and 1833.	Adam and Noah Brown	New York City
headquarters location	The Behemoth development studio is located in San Diego, California.	The Behemoth	San Diego
headquarters location	Steelcase is a United States-based furniture company founded in 1912 in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Steelcase	Grand Rapids
headquarters location	Parks' Fly Shop is a fly shop and licensed fly fishing outfitter in Gardiner, Montana.	Parks' Fly Shop	Gardiner
headquarters location	Energen Resources Corporation is the subsidiary of Energen Corporation, an oil and gas exploration and production company with headquarters in Birmingham, Alabama.	Energen Resources Corporation	Birmingham
headquarters location	Future Group is an Indian private conglomerate, headquartered in Mumbai.	Future Group	Mumbai
headquarters location	PASHA Holding is a private investment company based in Baku, Azerbaijan.	PASHA Holding	Baku
headquarters location	McSweeney's Publishing is an American non-profit publishing house founded by editor Dave Eggers in 1998, headquartered in San Francisco.	McSweeney's	San Francisco
headquarters location	Antarctic Press is a United States, San Antonio-based comic book publishing company which publishes ``American Manga'' style comic books.	Antarctic Press	San Antonio
headquarters location	Alinta Energy is an American-owned gas and electricity retailer with headquarters based in Sydney, New South Wales.	Alinta Energy	Sydney
headquarters location	ElasticHosts is a computer service provider based in London, UK.	ElasticHosts	London
headquarters location	Norconex headquarters are in Gatineau, Quebec, Canada.	Norconex	Gatineau
headquarters location	Peek Freans is the name of a former biscuit making company based in Bermondsey, London, which is now a global brand of biscuits and related confectionery owned by various food businesses.	Peek Freans	London
headquarters location	Afara Websystems Inc. was a Sunnyvale, California, USA server company whose goal was to build servers surrounding a custom high-throughput CPU architecture, ``developing IP traffic management systems that will bring quality-of-service to the next generation of IP access infrastructure.''	Afara Websystems	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Specter Aircraft, Inc. was an American aircraft manufacturer, founded by James D Gessford in 1997 and based in Bancroft, Idaho.	Specter Aircraft	Bancroft
headquarters location	Headquartered in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Novant Health serves more than 4 million patients annually.	Novant Health	Winston-Salem
headquarters location	CEMEX S.A.B. de C.V., known as Cemex, is a Mexican multinational building materials company headquartered in San Pedro, near Monterrey, Mexico.	Cemex	Monterrey
headquarters location	Based in San Francisco, Calif., WibiData is backed by investors such as Canaan Partners, New Enterprise Associates, SV Angel, and Eric Schmidt.	WibiData	San Francisco
headquarters location	Everonn Education Limited is an education and training company based in Chennai India.	Everonn Education Limited	Chennai
headquarters location	Shahrvand has introduced weekly arts and cultural listings provided in partnership with Toronto's NOW magazine.	Shahrvand	Toronto
headquarters location	Tsinghua Tongfang Company Limited (SSE: 600100), held by Tsinghua Holdings Company Limited of Tsinghua University in Beijing, is engaged in consumer electronics, information technology, energy and environment industries.	Tsinghua Tongfang Company	Beijing
headquarters location	Russell Hobbs is a manufacturer of household appliances based in Failsworth, Greater Manchester, England.	Russell Hobbs	Failsworth
headquarters location	Chattem is an American, Chattanooga, Tennessee-based, producer and marketer of over-the-counter healthcare products, toiletries, dietary supplements, topical analgesics, and medicated skin care products.	Chattem	Chattanooga
headquarters location	Vanbreda International was a diversified cross-border health care insurance provider, headquartered in Antwerp, Belgium.	Vanbreda International	Antwerp
headquarters location	Fletcher Construction is widely recognised in New Zealand, and has participated in various major projects including constructing the Auckland Sky Tower.	Fletcher Construction	Auckland
headquarters location	Valpak prints, packages and ships its coupon envelopes from the Valpak Manufacturing Center (VMC), a $200-million, 500,000-square-foot print production facility in St. Petersburg, Florida.	Valpak	St. Petersburg
headquarters location	Kantana Group Public Company Limited (Thai: บริษัท กันตนา กรุ๊ป จำกัด bor-rí-sàt gan-dtà-năa gróop jam-gàt) is a film and television production company based in Bangkok, Thailand.	Kantana Group	Bangkok
headquarters location	Central Norway Pharmaceutical Trust (Norwegian: Sykehusapotekene i Midt-Norge HF) is a health trust owned by Central Norway Regional Health Authority that operates four hospital pharmacies at St. Olavs Hospital in Trondheim, Kristiansund Hospital, Molde Hospital and Ålesund Hospital.	Central Norway Pharmaceutical Trust	Trondheim
headquarters location	Falcon Cycles is a British bicycle manufacturer based in Brigg, North Lincolnshire, owned by Tandem Group.	Falcon Cycles	Brigg
headquarters location	Autonomous Solutions, Inc. (also known by the acronym ASI) was founded in 2000 as a spinoff from Utah State University and is headquartered in Petersboro, Utah.	Autonomous Solutions	Petersboro
headquarters location	Mostogradnja (Građevinsko preduzeće Mostogradnja a.d. Beograd) is the leading Serbian bridge building company, with headquarters in Belgrade and daughter companies in Podgorica, Montenegro and Banjaluka, Bosnia and Herzegovina and a representative office in Moscow, Russia.	Mostogradnja	Belgrade
headquarters location	The Missouri Boys State program hosts approximately 960 students, or citizens, and more than 130 volunteer staff members for 8 days on the University of Central Missouri campus.	Missouri Boys State	University of Central Missouri
headquarters location	Marble Arms & Manufacturing Company of Gladstone, Michigan began in 1892 with the invention and manufacture of the Marble Universal Rifle Sight by Webster L. Marble.	Marble Arms	Gladstone, Michigan
headquarters location	The Yucaipa Companies, LLC is a Los Angeles-based holding company founded in 1986 by Ronald Burkle.	Yucaipa Companies	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Loma Negra enhanced its market leadership position in its industry locally by acquiring the newly privatized Ferrosur Roca railway line and a chief competitor, Cementos San Martín S.A., in 1992; that year Fortabat inaugurated the group's new headquarters in downtown Buenos Aires.	Loma Negra	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	Ronimo Games is a Dutch video game developer founded in 2007 by former students of the Utrecht School of the Arts.	Ronimo Games	Utrecht
headquarters location	Bristeil is an independent band, which playing in indie rock style, although they call their music style as intelligent rock and located in Minsk, Belarus.	Bristeil	Minsk
headquarters location	The 2,918 km (1,813 mi), 1,520 mm (4 ft 11 27⁄32 in) gauge network is electrified at 3 kV (3,000 V) DC. The headquarters of the Azerbaijan Railways is in the capital Baku.	Azerbaijan Railways	Baku
headquarters location	GMHBA Limited is a not-for-profit, 100% member based private health insurer, based in Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	GMHBA Limited	Geelong
headquarters location	Established in 2009, India Home Health Care (IHHC) provides home health care and home nursing services in Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune & Gujrat in India.	India Home Health Care	Chennai
headquarters location	Arabian Television Network (ATN) was a Dubai, United Arab Emirates-based broadcast media company, part of Arab Media Group.	Arabian Television Network	Dubai
headquarters location	Banco Bicentenario is a bank based in Caracas.	Banco Bicentenario	Caracas
headquarters location	Calma Company, based in Sunnyvale, California, was, between 1965 and 1988, a vendor of digitizers and minicomputer-based graphics systems targeted at the cartographic and electronic, mechanical and architectural design markets.	Calma	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Harbor Freight Tools is a privately held discount tool and equipment retailer, headquartered in Calabasas, California, which operates a chain of retail stores as well as a mail-order and eCommerce business.	Harbor Freight Tools	Calabasas
headquarters location	Out of Line Music is a German electronic music label based in Berlin.	Out of Line Music	Berlin
headquarters location	Synchrony Financial is a consumer financial services company headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, United States.	Synchrony Financial	Stamford
headquarters location	Society Insurance is a business insurance carrier headquartered in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin.	Society Insurance	Fond du Lac
headquarters location	Libro Credit Union, Libro, or Libro Credit Union Limited, is a credit union based in London, Ontario.	Libro Credit Union	London
headquarters location	W.D. & H.O. Wills was a British tobacco importer and cigarette manufacturer formed in Bristol, England.	W.D. & H.O. Wills	Bristol
headquarters location	Prathama Blood Centre is blood bank situated at Ahmedabad, jointly established in 2000, by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation and Advanced Transfusion Medicine Research Foundation as non-profit voluntary organization.	Prathama	Ahmedabad
headquarters location	Mahindra Ugine Steel (MUSCO) (BSE: 504823) is a manufacturer of specialty steel, stampings, and rings headquartered in Mumbai, India.	Mahindra Ugine Steel	Mumbai
headquarters location	Retail Slut was a clothing store in Los Angeles, California, USA that specialized in punk, goth, and underground fashions.	Retail Slut	Los Angeles
headquarters location	IANOS SA is a Greek-based book, music and art retailer with several stores in the two major cities, Thessaloniki and Athens.	IANOS	Thessaloniki
headquarters location	Schuberth is currently based in Magdeburg and employs about 300 employees, producing 1.5 million helmets each year.	Schuberth	Magdeburg
headquarters location	Britannia Industries Limited (A WADIA Enterprise) is an Indian food-products corporation based in Bangalore, India.	Britannia Industries	Bangalore
headquarters location	The Somali Red Crescent Society (SRCS) is a non-political, independent humanitarian organization in Somalia and is part of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement.	Somali Red Crescent Society	Somalia
headquarters location	Wegelin & Co. is a now-defunct bank that was located in St. Gallen in the Canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland, and specialized in private banking and asset management.	Wegelin & Co.	St. Gallen
headquarters location	Nutting Associates was an arcade game manufacturer from Mountain View, California, formed in 1965 when Bill Nutting spun off ``The Knowledge Computer'' prototype from Edex Corp. Nutting, Richard Ball, and an electronic technician redesigned it to ``The Computer Quiz'' coin-operated trivia game.	Nutting Associates	Mountain View
headquarters location	Big Doe Camp was a boys' residential summer camp located on Big Doe Lake not far from the village of Burk's Falls, Ontario.	Big Doe Camp	Doe Lake
headquarters location	Golden Gate Capital is an American private equity firm based in San Francisco.	Golden Gate Capital	San Francisco
headquarters location	W. W. Norton & Company is an American publishing company based in New York City.	W. W. Norton & Company	New York City
headquarters location	St. Xavier's Alumni Association (SXAA) is an alumni organization for former students of the St. Xavier's High School, Patna in Patna, India.	St. Xavier's Alumni Association	St. Xavier's High School, Patna
headquarters location	The Feral Cat Coalition of Oregon (FCCO) is a nonprofit Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) organization based in Portland, Oregon.	Feral Cat Coalition of Oregon	Portland
headquarters location	Estudio Haini is an animation studio located in Guadalajara, Mexico, recognised for its short films El relato de Sam Brennan (Sam Brennan's tale) and El funeral de Don Jején (Mr. Sandfly's wake).	Estudio Haini	Guadalajara
headquarters location	Social Solutions is a 100+ person software company with headquarters in Baltimore, Maryland.	Social Solutions	Baltimore
headquarters location	North American Rotorwerks LLC (English: North American Rotorworks) is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Tukwila, Washington, founded by John Vanvoorhees.	North American Rotorwerks	Tukwila
headquarters location	Cartamundi Group, also called Carta Mundi, is a Belgian company, based in Turnhout, that manufactures, produces and sells board games, card games, collectible card games, packages and playing cards through its manufacturing and sales subsidiaries.	Cartamundi	Turnhout
headquarters location	Harris Interactive, headquartered in Rochester, New York, was a market research firm, known for The Harris Poll.	Harris Interactive	Rochester
headquarters location	The Dodsal Group is a diversified multinational conglomerate headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dodsal Group	Dubai
headquarters location	Celtrak Ltd. is an Irish IT and Electronic Engineering company based in Galway which designs, manufactures, and provides operations management services for industry and public authorities across Europe, North America, and the Middle East.	Celtrak	Galway
headquarters location	Raytheon's headquarters moved from Lexington, Massachusetts, to Waltham, Massachusetts, in 2003.	Raytheon	Waltham
headquarters location	The Airscoot was a quite unusual car made by the Wichita, Kansas-based company Aircraft Products in 1947 to fit the need for a small car that could commute to and from airports then be folded up and put aboard private aircraft.	Airscoot	Wichita
headquarters location	The McDonnell Aircraft Corporation was an American aerospace manufacturer based in St. Louis, Missouri.	McDonnell Aircraft	St. Louis
headquarters location	Signature Creative conceived The Sunset Strip Music Festival with the City of West Hollywood in 2007 to brand and drive consumers to venues and hotels.	Signature Creative	Hollywood
headquarters location	Time Warner Inc. (TWI, at one former interval named AOL Time Warner, stylized as TimeWarner since 2003) is an American Multinational media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered in the Time Warner Center in New York City.	Time Warner	New York City
headquarters location	IntraCorp was a Miami, Florida-based game publisher, founded in 1984.	IntraCorp	Miami
headquarters location	American Health Connection is an American healthcare call center corporation, headquartered in Beverly Hills, California.	American Health Connection	Beverly Hills
headquarters location	National Research Nuclear University MEPhI (Moscow Engineering Physics Institute) / MEPhI) (Russian: Национальный исследовательский ядерный университет ``МИФИ'' / НИЯУ МИФИ or МИФИ) is one of the most recognized technical universities in Russia.	National Research Nuclear University MEPhI	Moscow
headquarters location	Banner Health is a non-profit health system in the United States, based in Phoenix, Arizona.	Banner Health	Phoenix
headquarters location	Wabash Valley Power Association is an electric generation and transmission cooperative headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.	Wabash Valley Power Association	Indianapolis
headquarters location	Saudi Oger Ltd (Arabic: سعودي أوجيه‎), is a Saudi construction company, incorporated in January 1978 with its headquarters in Riyadh.	Saudi Oger	Riyadh
headquarters location	Seabird Aviation Australia (Seabird Aviation Australia Pty Limited) is an Australian speciality aircraft manufacturer based in Hervey Bay, Queensland.	Seabird Aviation Australia	Hervey Bay
headquarters location	Founded in 2007, Evolven is headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey, USA, with offices in Europe and Israel.	Evolven	Jersey City
headquarters location	Ariel Investments is an investment company located in Chicago, Illinois.	Ariel Investments	Chicago
headquarters location	Fox River Mills, Inc., is a sock manufacturer based in Osage, Iowa.	Fox River Mills	Osage
headquarters location	TEOCO is a telecom software solutions company based in Fairfax, Virginia in the United States.	TEOCO	Fairfax
headquarters location	Shaker Verlag is a German publishing house located in Maastricht and Herzogenrath (postal address Aachen), established in 1986 by Dr. Chaled Shaker.	Shaker Verlag	Herzogenrath
headquarters location	SATUMA (Surveillance And Target Unmanned Aircraft) is a privately owned designer and manufacturer of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) based in Islamabad, Pakistan.	SATUMA	Islamabad
headquarters location	Camp+King is a San Francisco-based advertising agency launched in February 2011 as part of Havas Worldwide.	Camp+King	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Taft-Peirce Manufacturing Company was a pioneering sewing machine company established in 1875 at Woonsocket, Rhode Island, United States.	Taft-Peirce Manufacturing Company	Woonsocket
headquarters location	GrubStreet, Inc. is a non-profit creative writing center located in the heart of Boston, Massachusetts.	GrubStreet	Boston
headquarters location	The ``Social Enterprise Association'', also known as ``SE Association'', is a platform to bring together social entrepreneurs, social enterprises, academic institutions, and businesses in Singapore.	Social Enterprise Association	Singapore
headquarters location	Desert Schools Federal Credit Union is a federally insured and chartered credit union based in Phoenix, Arizona, that operates about 50 branches and service centers throughout Gila, Maricopa, and Pinal counties in Arizona.	Desert Schools Federal Credit Union	Phoenix
headquarters location	Vétra was founded in 1925 and was based in Paris.	Vétra	Paris
headquarters location	BigPond is Australia's largest provider of Cable Internet access, which covers parts of Australia's main cities (Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth, Sydney, Adelaide and the Gold Coast).	BigPond	Sydney
headquarters location	University of Wisconsin Hospital and Clinics (UW Hospital and Clinics or UWHC) is a 592-bed academic medical center with 85 outpatient clinics in Madison, Wisconsin.	University of Wisconsin Hospital and Clinics	Madison
headquarters location	The West Coast Customs flagship 60,000 square foot facility, is headquartered in Burbank, CA with 10 leading-edge departments offering a range of extraordinary custom services for projects of any size, scope or budget.	West Coast Customs	Burbank
headquarters location	Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd. (TSX: WDO) is a mining, exploration and development company based in Toronto, Ontario, focused primarily on gold.	Wesdome Gold Mines	Toronto
headquarters location	Li & Fung was founded in 1906 in modern-day Guangzhou and is headquartered in Hong Kong.	Li & Fung	Hong Kong
headquarters location	LG Display is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea and currently operates nine fabrication facilities and seven back-end assembly facilities in Korea, China, Poland and Mexico.	LG Display	Seoul
headquarters location	Lear Corporation headquartered in Southfield, Michigan, USA, is a Fortune 500 company, engaged in the business of manufacturing and distribution of automotive seating and electrical distribution systems.	Lear Corporation	Southfield
headquarters location	China Yuchai International Limited, a holding company listed in NYSE, was established in 1993, and now has headquarters in Singapore.	China Yuchai International	Singapore
headquarters location	Headquartered in Marlton, New Jersey, Acsis is a privately held company whose primary shareholder is the private equity firm Saints Capital.	Acsis	Marlton, New Jersey
headquarters location	During its period of operation the Bombay Talkies produced 40 movies in Malad, a suburb of the Indian city of Bombay (now known as Mumbai).	Bombay Talkies	Malad
headquarters location	FasterCures is a Washington, D.C.--based think tank that focuses on accelerating medical research.	FasterCures	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	The Union and Liberty Party (Spanish: Partido Unión y Libertad, PUL) is a political party in San Luis Province, Argentina.	Union and Liberty Party	San Luis Province
headquarters location	The University of Delaware Press (UDP) is a publishing house and a department of the University of Delaware in the United States, whose main campus is at Newark, Delaware, where the University Press is also based.	University of Delaware Press	Newark
headquarters location	The firm is headquartered in New York City, with branch offices in Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, California, New Mexico, and Washington, DC. The firm also conducts business as Weidlinger Associates, Ltd., in Scotland, UK.	Weidlinger Associates	New York City
headquarters location	The Meeting House is a Canadian church located in the Toronto suburb of Oakville, Ontario.	The Meeting House	Oakville
headquarters location	Akademie Verlag is a German scientific and academic publishing company, originally founded in 1946 in the Soviet-occupied Eastern part of divided Berlin to facilitate the publication of works by and for the German Academy of Sciences Berlin.	Akademie Verlag	Berlin
headquarters location	Trans Mediterranean Airways SAL, styled as TMA Cargo (Arabic: الخطوط الجوية عبر المتوسط‎), was a cargo airline based in Beirut, Lebanon.	TMA Cargo	Beirut
headquarters location	Rebellion Developments Ltd. (commonly referred to as Rebellion) is a British video game developer based in Oxford, England, known for its Sniper Elite series and multiple games in the Alien vs. Predator series.	Rebellion Developments	Oxford
headquarters location	The Lokalbahn AG company (Lokalbahn Aktien-Gesellschaft), or 'LAG' for short, was a private company based in Munich, Bavaria, whose lines of business was the construction and operation of branch lines (the so-called Lokalbahnen or Sekundärbahnen) in Germany and Austria-Hungary.	Lokalbahn AG	Munich
headquarters location	Magmic Inc. is an Ottawa-based developer and publisher of mobile entertainment and lifestyle software.	Magmic	Ottawa
headquarters location	Charlton Media Group (CMG) is a Montreal-based publisher owned and operated by Canadian entrepreneur Roger Broughton.	Roger Broughton	Montreal
headquarters location	In 1997, Shea Properties acquired the California-based Mission Viejo Company which included 900 acres of land in Mission Viejo, Aliso Viejo, and Rancho Santa Margarita areas of Orange County and more than 22,000 acres of land in Highlands Ranch, Colorado.	Shea Properties	Aliso Viejo
headquarters location	Brown's Velvet Dairy, now Brown's Dairy, is a historic business in the Central City section of New Orleans, Louisiana, USA.	Brown's Velvet Dairy	New Orleans
headquarters location	Vereinigte Bühnen Wien (VBW), or United Stages Vienna, is a musical production company based in Vienna, Austria which produced several own musicals that were very successful.	Vereinigte Bühnen Wien	Vienna
headquarters location	Leopold Bros. is a family-owned and operated distillery located in Denver, Colorado.	Leopold Bros.	Denver
headquarters location	The Kiss Kiss Cabaret is a live weekly variety show presenting vaudeville and neo-burlesque on Friday nights at the Uptown Broadway Building in Chicago, IL.	Kiss Kiss Cabaret	Chicago
headquarters location	Master Motors is a truck manufacturer based in Port Qasim, Karachi, Pakistan as a part of the Master Group of Industries.	Master Motors	Karachi
headquarters location	McColo was a San Jose-based web hosting service provider.	McColo	San Jose
headquarters location	Mützig is a beer brand owned by Heineken and its subsidiaries, and was originally brewed in 1810 by Brasserie Mutzig of Alsace, France.	Mützig	Mutzig
headquarters location	Located at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico, the Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center is a direct reporting unit of Headquarters, United States Air Force.	Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center	Kirtland Air Force Base
headquarters location	Mercedes-Benz India Pvt Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Daimler AG founded in 1994, with headquarters in Pune, Maharashtra, India.	Mercedes-Benz India	Pune
headquarters location	As an independent, non-profit organisation based in The Hague, the Netherlands, Nuffic supports internationalisation in higher education, research and professional education in the Netherlands and abroad, and helps improve access to higher education worldwide.	Nuffic	The Hague
headquarters location	Hong Ying Animation (simplified Chinese: 鸿鹰动画; traditional Chinese: 鴻鷹動畫; pinyin: Hóng Yīng Dònghuà) is an animation studio located in Taipei, Taiwan, Republic of China and Shanghai, China.	Hong Ying Animation	Shanghai
headquarters location	New Romance for Kids is a Canadian DIY independent record label founded in Montreal.	New Romance for Kids	Montreal
headquarters location	Madhyamam Broadcasting Limited is an Indian Media & Entertainment company, based in Kozhikode, Kerala, India.	Madhyamam Broadcasting Limited	Kozhikode
headquarters location	Jopen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈjoːpə(n))) is a beer brand from Haarlem, Netherlands.	Jopen	Haarlem
headquarters location	Leonard Fairclough & Son Ltd was a construction firm based in Adlington, Lancashire, England.	Leonard Fairclough & Son	Adlington, Lancashire
headquarters location	Xstream Pictures is a Chinese production company based out of Beijing and Hong Kong that was founded by filmmakers Jia Zhangke, Chow Keung, and Yu Lik-wai.	Xstream Pictures	Beijing
headquarters location	Two years later in 1966, BBC Cymru Wales' new headquarters at Broadcasting House in Cardiff opened and the first colour broadcast for Wales followed in 1970.	BBC Cymru Wales	Broadcasting House
headquarters location	Kineo Computer Aided Motion (``Kineo CAM'') was a computer software company based in Toulouse, France that was awarded the European ICT Prize in 2007 in Hannover, Germany for KineoWorks, its automatic motion planning, path planning and pathfinding technology.	Kineo CAM	Toulouse
headquarters location	Marlin & Associates (M&A) is a New York City based boutique investment banking and strategic advisory firm, advising owners and managers of U.S. and international companies in the technology, digital information, and healthcare-related sectors.	Marlin & Associates	New York City
headquarters location	DTE Energy Electric Company (Formerly The Detroit Edison Company), founded in 1903, is an investor-owned electric utility which serves most of Southeast Michigan.	DTE Energy Electric Company	Detroit
headquarters location	Kiss Flights was a trading name for Flight Options Ltd, based in London.	Kiss Flights	London
headquarters location	First Intuition's most notable achievement to date is becoming the youngest business ever to win the Accountancy College of the year award twice, in both 2010 (awarded to London) and 2012 (awarded to Cambridge).	First Intuition	London
headquarters location	Boodle's is a London gentlemen's club, founded in 1762, at 49--51 Pall Mall, London by Lord Shelburne, the future Marquess of Lansdowne and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.	Boodle's	London
headquarters location	Amigos de las Américas (or AMIGOS) is a nonprofit organization based in Houston, Texas with 25 chapters across the USA.	Amigos de las Américas	Houston
headquarters location	Buttrey Food & Drug was a chain of grocery stores founded in Havre, Montana and formerly headquartered in Great Falls, Montana.	Buttrey Food & Drug	Great Falls
headquarters location	Intelsat maintains its corporate headquarters in Luxembourg, with a majority of staff and satellite functions -- administrative headquarters -- located at the Intelsat Corporation offices in Washington, DC. In 2012, Intelsat announced that they would relocate their US headquarters from Washington to nearby Tysons Corner, Virginia by mid-2014.	Intelsat	Luxembourg
headquarters location	WhiteWater West is a manufacturing company based in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.	WhiteWater West	Richmond
headquarters location	Zionex is headquartered in Seoul (Korea), with offices in Tokyo (Japan).	Zionex	Seoul
headquarters location	CureVac is a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Tübingen, Germany, that develops therapies based on messenger RNA (mRNA).	CureVac	Tübingen
headquarters location	J.C. Bradford & Co. was a Nashville-based investment banking and brokerage firm founded by James Cowdon Bradford Sr. in 1927.	J.C. Bradford & Co.	Nashville
headquarters location	The Southern Yacht Club is located in New Orleans, Louisiana's West End neighborhood, on the shores of Lake Pontchartrain.	Southern Yacht Club	New Orleans
headquarters location	Commodities Corporation (frequently referred to as ``CC'') was a financial services company, based in Princeton, New Jersey that traded actively across various commodities.	Commodities Corporation	Princeton
headquarters location	In 2007 it was acquired by the German company 10tacle Studios AG. After a financially unstable 10tacle Studios AG. ceased to pay salaries in April 2008, StormRegion lost its employees and was forced to close its Budapest office.	StormRegion	Budapest
headquarters location	Transarc Corporation was a private Pittsburgh-based software company founded in 1989 by Jeffrey Eppinger, Michael L. Kazar, Alfred Spector, and Dean Thompson of Carnegie Mellon University.	Transarc	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	The Metropolitan Steamship Company was for 75 years one of the chief transportation links between New York City and Boston, Massachusetts.	Metropolitan Steamship Company	Boston
headquarters location	Unleashed Music is a Los Angeles-based marketing, management, label services and publishing consultancy, as well as an independent record label.	Unleashed Music	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Polnet Communications, Ltd. is a Chicago, Illinois-based company that owns 8 AM radio stations in the United States.	Polnet Communications	Chicago
headquarters location	The Dutch Safety Board (DSB; Dutch: Onderzoeksraad Voor Veiligheid, OVV, literally ``Investigation Council for Safety'') is based in The Hague, the Netherlands.	Dutch Safety Board	The Hague
headquarters location	The Lao Asia Pacific Brewery (LAPB) is a producer of beer in Laos and is based in Vientiane.	Lao Asia Pacific Brewery	Vientiane
headquarters location	Bob's Watches is an online marketplace for the resale of Rolex watches based in Huntington Beach, California.	Bob's Watches	Huntington Beach
headquarters location	Alterkeys has offices in Madrid, Seville and London.	Alterkeys	Madrid
headquarters location	Adeline Software International was a video game developer founded in February 1993 as a subsidiary company of Delphine Software International, and based in Lyon, France.	Adeline Software International	Lyon
headquarters location	Door Ons Vrienden Opgericht, known as DOVO is a football club from Veenendaal, the Netherlands.	Door Ons Vrienden Opgericht	Veenendaal
headquarters location	The Verville Aircraft Company was a Detroit, Michigan based manufacturer of small airplanes and flying boats, which became bankrupt during the Great Depression.	Verville Aircraft Company	Detroit
headquarters location	NetherRealm Studios is an American video game developer based in Chicago, Illinois.	NetherRealm Studios	Chicago
headquarters location	Mapfre (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmafɾe), officially typeset MAPFRE) is a Spanish insurance company, based in Majadahonda, Madrid.	Mapfre	Majadahonda
headquarters location	Bonwit Teller & Co. was a department store in New York City founded by Paul Bonwit in 1895 at Sixth Avenue and 18th Street.	Bonwit Teller	New York City
headquarters location	Phoenix Natural Gas is the largest gas distribution business in Northern Ireland, being the owner and operator of the licence for the distribution network in the Greater Belfast area.	Phoenix Natural Gas	Belfast
headquarters location	Rail Cargo Austria (RCA) is an Austrian rail freight transportation company with its headquarters in Vienna.	Rail Cargo Austria	Vienna
headquarters location	Bersa is an Argentine arms manufacturer, located in the city of Ramos Mejía in Argentina.	Bersa	Ramos Mejía
headquarters location	Forehand & Wadsworth (also known as Forehand Arms) was a US firearms manufacturing company based in Worcester, Massachusetts that was formed in 1871 by Sullivan Forehand and Henry C. Wadsworth after the death of their father-in-law, Ethan Allen of Ethan Allen & Company.	Forehand & Wadsworth	Worcester
headquarters location	The William Hengerer Company, known informally as Hengerer's was a Buffalo, New York-based department store chain, with stores exclusively located in the Western New York region.	Hengerer's	Buffalo
headquarters location	Ghani Group of Companies commonly known as Ghani Group is a Pakistani multinational conglomerate company headquartered in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Ghani Group of Companies	Lahore
headquarters location	Gourlay Brothers was a marine engineering and shipbuilding company of Dundee, Scotland, active between 1846 and 1908.	Gourlay Brothers	Dundee
headquarters location	Roble Shipping Inc. is a Cebu-based shipping line located in Cebu City, Philippines.	Roble Shipping	Cebu City
headquarters location	Bird Education Society for Travel & Tourism is an academy based in New Delhi with campuses in Chandigarh and Mumbai.	Bird Education Society for Travel & Tourism	New Delhi
headquarters location	The Cowled Wizards are based in the city of Athkatla.	Cowled Wizards	Athkatla
headquarters location	NorthWestern Corporation owns NorthWestern Energy, a utility company that serves South Dakota, Nebraska, and Montana that is based in Sioux Falls.	NorthWestern Corporation	Sioux Falls
headquarters location	According to the Myanmar Port Authority (MPA), Asia World's subsidiary Asia World Port had the largest share of country's freight market in the fiscal year 2012--13, handling 45 per cent of goods that passed through Yangon.	Asia World	Yangon
headquarters location	Beamish and Crawford was a brewery in Cork, Ireland, established in 1792 by William Beamish and William Crawford on the site of an existing porter brewery.	Beamish and Crawford	Cork
headquarters location	John Crown & Sons Ltd, was a British shipbuilding company founded in 1847 and based on the River Wear, Sunderland.	John Crown & Sons	River Wear
headquarters location	WillCall is a San Francisco-based startup company offering a mobile app for iPhone and Android devices that allows users to gain admission to live concerts, tip artists, and purchase merchandise during a show.	WillCall	San Francisco
headquarters location	Tornado Cars Ltd was founded in 1957 by Bill Woodhouse and Tony Bullen based in Mill End, Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire, UK.	Tornado Cars	Rickmansworth
headquarters location	Astan Quds Razavi (Persian: آستان قدس رضوی‎‎ Āstān-e Qods-e Razavi) (also known as Astan-e-Qods or AQR) is a Bonyad, or autonomous charitable foundation, in Mashhad, Iran.	Astan Quds Razavi	Mashhad
headquarters location	The corporate headquarters are located in San Luis Obispo, CA where the first Takken's Shoes was opened in 1937 by Harry Takken as a shoe repair business.	Takken's Shoes	San Luis Obispo
headquarters location	Eicher Motors Limited (EML) (BSE: 505200, NSE: EICHERMOT) incorporated in 1982, is an Indian automaker company based in Gurgaon, India.	Eicher Motors	Gurgaon
headquarters location	Mushroom Networks, Inc. is a privately held company in San Diego, California, with the mission to provide ``innovative networking solutions''.	Mushroom Networks	San Diego
headquarters location	Creative Assembly is a British video game developer established in 1987 by Tim Ansell and based in the West Sussex town of Horsham.	Creative Assembly	Horsham
headquarters location	The Vespa has evolved from a single model motor scooter manufactured in 1946 by Piaggio & Co. S.p.A. of Pontedera, Italy to a full line of scooters and one of seven companies today owned by Piaggio.	Vespa	Pontedera
headquarters location	FXall (FX Alliance Inc) is a foreign exchange aggregator providing electronic trading to banks and brokers using an electronic communication network with headquarters in New York.	FXall	New York
headquarters location	PeopleFinders.com is a public records business located in Sacramento, California.	PeopleFinders.com	Sacramento
headquarters location	Baytex Energy Corp. is a Calgary-based Canadian producer, developer and explorer of oil (mostly heavy but also lighter conventional) and natural gas.	Baytex Energy	Calgary
headquarters location	The Pronto Pup Company is a company based in Portland, Oregon that manufactures the Pronto Pup corn dog mix.	Pronto Pup	Portland
headquarters location	Imperial Hotels Group is a hotel conglomerate, based in Uganda, with operations in Kampala and Entebbe.	Imperial Hotels Group	Kampala
headquarters location	Rainpower is headquartered at Kjeller, near Oslo.	Rainpower	Kjeller
headquarters location	Public Storage is an American international self storage company headquartered in Glendale, California that is run as a real estate investment trust (REIT).	Public Storage	Glendale
headquarters location	The National Froebel Foundation (NFF) was a foundation which validated examinations and set standards for teaching training courses at kindergarten level in the United Kingdom.	National Froebel Foundation	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Titan Aircraft is an aircraft kit manufacturer, located in Austinburg, Ohio.	Titan Aircraft	Austinburg
headquarters location	Toyota Motor Manufacturing France S.A.S., or better known under its acronym TMMF, is the French automobile manufacturing division of Japanese automaker Toyota located in Onnaing near the city of Valenciennes.	Toyota Motor Manufacturing France	Onnaing
headquarters location	AIX Records is an independent record specializing in the production of new high-resolution music based in Los Angeles, California.	AIX Records	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Arctic Circle Restaurants is a chain of burger and shake restaurants based in Midvale, Utah, United States.	Arctic Circle Restaurants	Midvale
headquarters location	The first meeting which led to the formation of Australia ICOMOS was in Melbourne on 20 October 1976, and the first ICOMOS conference was in Beechworth in 1978, where they devised a committee to work up a local version of the Venice Charter.	Australia ICOMOS	Melbourne
headquarters location	Associated Architects is a leading architectural firm based in Birmingham, England.	Associated Architects	Birmingham
headquarters location	In 2002, the Viry-Châtillon factory became the engine department of the Renault F1 team and Renault Sport was moved to Les Ulis and renamed Renault Sport Technologies (RST).	Renault Sport	Les Ulis
headquarters location	Estline was founded in 1990 and had a 10 year exclusive right to the passenger traffic between Stockholm, Sweden and Tallinn, Estonia.	Estline	Tallinn
headquarters location	Carl Dörr was a piano manufacturer in Wieden, Vienna, Austria.	Carl Dörr	Vienna
headquarters location	Vanguard Properties is a real estate brokerage specializing in the sale and rent of real estate in the San Francisco Bay Area and surrounding counties.	Vanguard Properties	San Francisco
headquarters location	Inteco (Интеко in Russian, ``Inteko'') is a Russian construction company, 99% of which is owned by Yelena Baturina, Russia's richest woman and wife of former Moscow city mayor, Yuriy Luzhkov.	Inteco	Moscow
headquarters location	Republic Parking System is a privately owned professional parking management company based in Chattanooga, Tennessee.	Republic Parking System	Chattanooga
headquarters location	Piper Aircraft, Inc., is a manufacturer of general aviation aircraft, located at the Vero Beach Municipal Airport in Vero Beach, Florida, United States and owned since 2009 by the Government of Brunei.	Piper Aircraft	Vero Beach Municipal Airport
headquarters location	The La Lorraine was a French automobile manufactured in Bar-le-Duc, Meuse by Charles Schmid from 1899 until 1902.	La Lorraine	Bar-le-Duc
headquarters location	Staur Farm (Norwegian: Staur Gård) is a farm located in Stange, Norway.	Staur Farm	Stange
headquarters location	Grāmatu Nams Valters un Rapa (Book House Valters and Rapa) is a bookstore and publishing house in Riga, Latvia.	Valters un Rapa	Riga
headquarters location	Amsoil Inc. is an American corporation based in Superior, Wisconsin that primarily formulates and packages synthetic lubricants and filters.	Amsoil	Superior
headquarters location	After World War II, production of the Minox II began in 1948 at a new company, Minox GmbH, in Giessen/Heuchelheim near Wetzlar, West Germany.	Minox	Wetzlar
headquarters location	Cyrix Corporation was a microprocessor developer that was founded in 1988 in Richardson, Texas as a specialist supplier of math coprocessors for 286 and 386 microprocessors.	Cyrix	Richardson
headquarters location	Sterling Jewelers, Inc. is an American specialty jewelry company headquartered in Akron, Ohio.	Sterling Jewelers	Akron
headquarters location	Double Helix Games LLC is an American video game developer based in Irvine, California, founded in 2007 through two mergers of Foundation 9 studios, The Collective and Shiny Entertainment.	Double Helix Games	Irvine
headquarters location	Churchill Insurance is a United Kingdom insurance company based in Bromley, London.	Churchill Insurance	Bromley
headquarters location	American Apparel is an American clothing manufacturer, designer, distributor, marketer and retailer based in Los Angeles, California.	American Apparel	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Gerresheimer AG (formerly Gerresheimer Glass AG) is a German manufacturer of primary packaging products for medication and drug delivery devices made of special-purpose glass and plastics with headquarters in Düsseldorf.	Gerresheimer	Düsseldorf
headquarters location	LG Chem Ltd. (Korean: LG화학), often referred to as LG Chemical, is the largest Korean chemical company and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.	LG Chem	Seoul
headquarters location	The M.M. Cohn Company, more popularly known simply as MM Cohn, was a regional specialty department store chain in Arkansas, based in Little Rock.	MM Cohn	Little Rock
headquarters location	Bank Day shares have been floated on the Over-the-Counter market and measures are being taken in order to become listed in the Tehran Stock Exchange.	Bank Day	Tehran
headquarters location	Currently, the headquarters for FTDI is located in Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom, while it also has offices in Singapore, Taipei, Taiwan, and Portland, Oregon.	FTDI	Glasgow
inception	Baltic Ground Services was established on September 15, 2005, after state-owned Lithuanian Airlines were acquired and reorganized by LAL investicijų valdymas (now known as Avia Solutions Group).	Baltic Ground Services	2005
instrument	Gerald Danovitch (February 24, 1932 -- December 1, 1997) was a renowned classical saxophone player and educator, McGill University professor, founder of Gerald Danovitch Saxophone Quartet and jazz studies department at McGill.	Gerald Danovitch	saxophone
licensed to broadcast to	KQSC (1530 AM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast from Colorado Springs, Colorado, USA, with a power of 15,000 watts, and can be heard by day from the outskirts of Denver to the state's border with New Mexico.	KQSC	Colorado Springs
licensed to broadcast to	CKCX were the call letters used for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's shortwave transmitter complex near Sackville, New Brunswick at the Tantramar Marshes.	CKCX	Sackville, New Brunswick
licensed to broadcast to	KDXL (106.5 FM) is a student operated radio station at St. Louis Park High School in St. Louis Park, Minnesota.	KDXL	St. Louis Park
licensed to broadcast to	WROU-FM is an Urban Adult Contemporary radio station at 92.1 FM licensed to West Carrollton, Ohio serving the Dayton area and owned and operated by Alpha Media.	WROU-FM	West Carrollton, Ohio
licensed to broadcast to	WKMS-FM (91.3 FM), is a non-commercial National Public Radio-affiliated station operated by Murray State University in Murray, Kentucky.	WKMS-FM	Murray
licensed to broadcast to	KXTA-FM (99.1 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Gooding, Idaho, broadcasting to the Twin Falls/Sun Valley, Idaho area.	KXTA-FM	Gooding
licensed to broadcast to	WNVM (97.7 FM, ``97.7 Nueva Vida'') is a radio station licensed to serve Cidra, Puerto Rico.	WNVM	Cidra, Puerto Rico
licensed to broadcast to	WZTA is a United States AM radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to serve the community of Vero Beach, Florida on the frequency of 1370 kHz.	WZTA	Vero Beach
licensed to broadcast to	KAKC (1300 AM) is a sports talk radio station in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	KAKC	Tulsa
licensed to broadcast to	It is licensed to Woodruff, Utah, USA, and owned by AASAA Media, LLC. In February 2009, KEGH was a simulcast of KEGA, The Eagle 101.5, according to the Simmons Media corporate web site .	KEGH	Woodruff
licensed to broadcast to	KXTG (750 AM), ``The Game'' is an all-sports radio station in Portland, Oregon.	KXTG	Portland
licensed to broadcast to	CKFU-FM, branded as 100.1 Moose FM, is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting in Fort St. John, British Columbia.	CKFU-FM	Fort St. John
licensed to broadcast to	KKGM is an AM Ministries radio station that serves the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, and is owned by Mortenson Broadcasting.	KKGM	Fort Worth
licensed to broadcast to	KDJE is a radio station located in Jacksonville, Arkansas, broadcasting to the Little Rock, Arkansas area on 100.3 FM.	KDJE	Jacksonville
licensed to broadcast to	WBFM is a country music station licensed to Sheboygan, Wisconsin.	WBFM	Sheboygan
licensed to broadcast to	WPAT-FM is licensed to Paterson, New Jersey and serves the New York City area.	WPAT-FM	Paterson
licensed to broadcast to	KSSE is located in Arcadia, California, broadcasting to the Greater Los Angeles area.	KSSE	Arcadia
licensed to broadcast to	Launching on 11 October 1965, NPO 3FM was created as Hilversum 3 (later Radio 3) by the Minister for Culture and Social Recreation, Maarten Vrolijk, to counterbalance the popular new offshore stations such as Radio Veronica.	NPO 3FM	Hilversum
licensed to broadcast to	KETU (1120 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Catoosa, Oklahoma.	KETU	Catoosa
licensed to broadcast to	KYYY (92.9 FM, ``Y93'') is a radio station in Bismarck, North Dakota, owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. with an Top 40 (CHR) format.	KYYY	Bismarck
licensed to broadcast to	CKPT-FM is a Canadian radio station with a hot adult contemporary format broadcasting at 99.7 FM in Peterborough, Ontario.	CKPT-FM	Peterborough
licensed to broadcast to	CFEP-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Eastern Passage, Nova Scotia at 105.9 MHz. It provides a community radio service.	CFEP-FM	Eastern Passage, Nova Scotia
licensed to broadcast to	WTUE (104.7 FM) is a classic rock formatted radio station with studios in Dayton, Ohio.	WTUE	Dayton
licensed to broadcast to	WDUR (1490 AM) is an Indian/South Asian radio station in Durham, North Carolina, owned by Ravi Cherukuri, through licensee Arohi Media LLC. The channel plays primarily Bollywood Hits while embracing the rest of the South Asian culture through news, Tamil/Telugu Music and much more.	WDUR	Durham
licensed to broadcast to	KKPC (1230 AM) is a radio station licensed to Pueblo, Colorado.	KKPC	Pueblo
licensed to broadcast to	WSOL-FM, branded V101.5, is a radio station licensed to Brunswick, Georgia that broadcasts on 101.5 FM.	WSOL-FM	Brunswick, Georgia
licensed to broadcast to	WBGI was licensed to Connellsville, Pennsylvania, approximately 40 miles southeast of Pittsburgh.	WBGI	Connellsville, Pennsylvania
licensed to broadcast to	KIZZ (93.7 FM) is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station located in Minot, North Dakota owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	KIZZ	Minot
licensed to broadcast to	KATX (97.7 FM) is an American radio station with a classic rock format licensed to and serving the area around Eastland, Texas.	KATX	Eastland
licensed to broadcast to	CFMB is a multilingual Canadian radio station located in Montreal, Quebec, owned by Evanov Communications.	CFMB	Montreal
licensed to broadcast to	WEMY is a Christian radio station broadcasting on 91.5 FM, serving the Green Bay, Wisconsin area.	WEMY	Green Bay
licensed to broadcast to	WPWT is a Talk Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Colonial Heights, Tennessee, serving the Tri-Cities, VA/TN area.	WPWT	Colonial Heights
licensed to broadcast to	WFIU is a public radio FM station broadcasting from Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana.	WFIU	Bloomington
licensed to broadcast to	WCOX (1450 AM) was a radio station formerly licensed to serve Camden, Alabama.	WCOX	Camden
licensed to broadcast to	KKFM is a radio station out of Colorado Springs and Pueblo, Colorado.	KKFM	Colorado Springs
licensed to broadcast to	KXYZ is an AM radio station in Greater Houston, which broadcasts on 1320 kHz under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting.	KXYZ	Houston
licensed to broadcast to	WIMZ-FM is a classic rock radio station based in Knoxville, Tennessee at 103.5 FM.	WIMZ-FM	Knoxville
licensed to broadcast to	WCIB (101.9 FM), known as ``Cool 102'', is a classic hits radio station licensed to Falmouth, Massachusetts, playing music from the 1960s through the 1980s.	WCIB	Falmouth
licensed to broadcast to	KVVA-FM (107.1 FM, ``Radio Jose'') is a radio station licensed to Apache Junction, Arizona, broadcasting a Spanish Adult Hits music format.	KVVA-FM	Apache Junction
licensed to broadcast to	KMXP (Mix 96.9 FM) is a commercial hot adult contemporary music radio station in Phoenix, Arizona, owned and operated by iHeartMedia.	KMXP	Phoenix
licensed to broadcast to	KISW (99.9 FM) is a radio station in Seattle, Washington.	KISW	Seattle
licensed to broadcast to	WAPL (105.7 FM) is a classic rock formatted radio station licensed to Appleton, Wisconsin, that serves the Green Bay and Appleton-Oshkosh areas.	WAPL	Appleton
licensed to broadcast to	WGLF (104.1 FM) is a classic hits radio station in the Tallahassee, Florida, market owned by Cumulus Licensing LLC. Its studios are located in the westside of Tallahassee and its transmitter is based east of the city near Lloyd, Florida.	WGLF	Tallahassee
licensed to broadcast to	KZFS (1280 AM, ``Up 99.3'') is a contemporary Christian radio station in Spokane, Washington.	KZFS	Spokane
licensed to broadcast to	WFSX-FM (92.5 FM, ``92.5 Fox News'') is a commercial radio station located in Estero, Florida, broadcasting to the Fort Myers, Florida area.	WFSX-FM	Estero
licensed to broadcast to	KGVY (1080 AM) is a commercial radio station located in Green Valley, Arizona, broadcasting to the Green Valley, Sahuarita, Tucson, Arizona area on 100.7 MHz on translator K264BB.	KGVY	Green Valley, Arizona
licensed to broadcast to	Tay 2 is an Independent Local Radio station commercial local radio station serving Dundee, Perth and the general Tayside area in Scotland.	Tay 2	Dundee
licensed to broadcast to	WTOH (98.9 FM, ``The Answer'') is a conservative talk radio station serving the Greater Columbus area, currently owned by the Salem Media Group and licensed to Upper Arlington, Ohio.	WTOH	Upper Arlington
licensed to broadcast to	WSIC is a radio station operating in Statesville, North Carolina.	WSIC	Statesville, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	KDGL's main transmitter is located on the southeast corner of Yucca Valley, California, just north of Joshua Tree National Park.	KDGL	Yucca Valley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godlewo-Baćki (ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ˈbat͡ɕki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Godlewo-Baćki	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
manufacturer	The Zastava M70 (Serbian Cyrillic: Застава М70) is an assault rifle developed and produced by Zastava Arms in Kragujevac, Serbia (formerly Yugoslavia).	Zastava M70	Zastava Arms
manufacturer	The SS Ranpura was a British passenger and cargo carrying ocean liner built by R. & W. Hawthorn Leslie and Company at Newcastle upon Tyne for the Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company in 1924.	SS Ranpura	R. & W. Hawthorn Leslie and Company
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi SUW (Smart Utility Wagon) is a series of concept cars sharing a common design theme, and first exhibited by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors at the 1999 Frankfurt and Tokyo Motor Shows.	Mitsubishi SUW	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The Yamaha YZF-R1, or R1, is an open class sport bike, or superbike, motorcycle manufactured by Yamaha Motor Company since 1998.	Yamaha YZF-R1	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	The Scion xD is a five-door hatchback subcompact marketed in the US and Canada by Japanese manufacturer Toyota beginning with the 2008 model year -- replacing the xA.	Scion xD	Toyota
manufacturer	The Remington Model 572 is a pump-action rifle manufactured by the Remington Arms Company.	Remington Model 572	Remington Arms
manufacturer	TOZ-78 (ТОЗ-78) is a Soviet .22 LR bolt-action rifle manufactured by the TOZ (Tulsky Oruzheyny Zavod) Tula Arms Plant.	TOZ-78	Tula Arms Plant
manufacturer	HMS H31 was a British H class submarine built by Vickers Limited, Barrow-in-Furness.	HMS H31	Vickers Limited
manufacturer	Timken 1111, also called the Timken Four Aces, was a 4-8-4 steam locomotive built in 1930 by American Locomotive Company (Alco) to serve as a demonstration unit for new roller bearings produced by the Timken Roller Bearing Company.	Timken 1111	American Locomotive Company
manufacturer	Costa Luminosa and her sister ship, Costa Deliziosa, was ordered in the Fincantieri Marghera shipyard on 12 June 2006.	Costa Luminosa	Fincantieri
manufacturer	Eventually in 1934 Remington Arms chose to introduce their own commercial version of such a cartridge, and although it wasn't the exact dimensions of the wildcat made by Roberts, they called it the .257 Roberts.	.257 Roberts	Remington Arms
manufacturer	The ALCO DL560C is a passenger/freight-hauling diesel-electric locomotive with AC electric transmission designed by the American Locomotive Company and produced under license by Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) of Varanasi, India for Indian Railways as their classes WDM-2, WDM-3A/2C, WDM-3D and WDG-3A for operation in India.	ALCO DL560C	American Locomotive Company	Diesel Locomotive Works
manufacturer	The FN Ballista is a sniper rifle developed by FN Herstal.	FN Ballista	FN Herstal
manufacturer	German submarine U-1105, a Type VII-C/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine, was built at the Nordseewerke Shipyard, Emden, Germany, and commissioned on 3 June 1944.	German submarine U-1105	Nordseewerke
manufacturer	The Kh-55 (Russian: Х-55, also known as RKV-500; NATO reporting name: AS-15 'Kent') is a Soviet/Russian subsonic air-launched cruise missile, designed by MKB Raduga.	Kh-55	MKB Raduga
manufacturer	ATMOS 2000 (Autonomous Truck Mounted howitzer System) is a 155 mm/52 calibre self-propelled (SP) artillery system manufactured by Soltam Systems.	ATMOS 2000	Soltam Systems
manufacturer	The Kia Cerato (also known as Kia Spectra in the USA) is a compact car produced by the South Korean automaker Kia Motors since 2003.	Kia Cerato	Kia Motors
manufacturer	Costa Serena was constructed by Fincantieri in Sestri Ponente.	Costa Serena	Fincantieri
manufacturer	The Hi-Point Model JHP is a polymer-framed, semi-automatic, blowback-operated pistol manufactured by Hi-Point Firearms.	Hi-Point Model JHP	Hi-Point Firearms
manufacturer	The Schmidt M1882, also referred to by the name Model 1929, was a revolver fabricated in Switzerland by the Waffenfabrik Bern and which was used as an ordnance arm by the Swiss Army.	Schmidt M1882	Waffenfabrik Bern
manufacturer	Rover SD1 is both the code name and eventual production name given to a series of executive cars built by British Leyland (BL), under the Rover marque.	Rover SD1	British Leyland
manufacturer	TS Queen Alexandra was built in 1912 by William Denny and Brothers, Dumbarton for Turbine Steamers Ltd, to replace a previous Queen Alexandra of 1902, which had been extensively damaged by fire.	TS Queen Alexandra	William Denny and Brothers
manufacturer	The Venturi Atlantique was a mid-engined, fiberglass-bodied French sports car produced by Venturi Automobiles from 1991 to 2000.	Venturi Atlantique	Venturi Automobiles
manufacturer	Bombardier Zefiro is a family of high-speed passenger trains designed by Bombardier Transportation whose variants have top operating speeds of between 250 km/h (155 mph) and 380 km/h (236 mph).	Bombardier Zefiro	Bombardier Transportation
manufacturer	Manufactured in the city of Karlovac, Croatia by HS Produkt (formerly I.M. Metal), the Springfield Armory XDM is the marketing name for the weapon, which is licensed and sold in the US by Springfield Armory, Inc..	Springfield Armory XDM	HS Produkt
manufacturer	Three designers who were new to General Motors, Robert Jablonski, Kang Min-young, a South Korea native, and David Rojas, a native of Peru, participated in the development of the Hummer HX.	Hummer HX	General Motors
manufacturer	The RTX2010 manufactured by Intersil is a radiation hardened stack machine microprocessor which has been used in numerous spacecraft.	RTX2010	Intersil
manufacturer	The AA.20 was a French air-to-air missile, developed by Nord Aviation, and was one of the first such missiles adopted into services in Western Europe.	AA.20	Nord Aviation
manufacturer	USS Winnemucca (PC-1145) was laid down on 2 June 1943 at the Defoe Shipbuilding Company in Bay City, Michigan; launched on 27 October 1943; and commissioned at New Orleans, Louisiana, on 1 June 1944, with Lieutenant J. L. Houget, USNR, in command.	USS Winnemucca (PC-1145)	Defoe Shipbuilding Company
manufacturer	RFA Black Ranger (A163) was a British diesel-powered fleet support tanker of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary, built by Harland & Wolff.	RFA Black Ranger (A163)	Harland & Wolff
manufacturer	German submarine U-771 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was ordered on 21 November 1940, and was laid down on 21 August 1942 at Kriegsmarinewerft, Wilhelmshaven, as yard number 154.	German submarine U-771	Kriegsmarinewerft, Wilhelmshaven
manufacturer	The Ruger Red Label is an over and under shotgun that was built by Sturm, Ruger & Co..	Ruger Red Label	Sturm, Ruger & Co.
manufacturer	The XM301 Cannon is an externally powered, three-barrel 20 mm Gatling gun made by General Dynamics for the U.S. Army.	XM301	General Dynamics
manufacturer	The Autobianchi A111 is a 4-door saloon family car produced from 1969 to 1972 by Italian car manufacturer Autobianchi, a subsidiary of the Fiat group.	Autobianchi A111	Fiat
manufacturer	EMD F-units were a line of diesel-electric locomotives produced between November 1939 and November 1960 by General Motors Electro-Motive Division and General Motors-Diesel Division.	EMD F-unit	General Motors-Diesel
manufacturer	The Morris Marshal is a large six-cylinder vehicle which was produced by the British Motor Corporation (Australia) between 1957 and 1960.	Morris Marshal	British Motor Corporation
manufacturer	The Savage 110 BA is a bolt-action sniper/tactical rifle manufactured by the Savage Arms Company.	Savage 110 BA	Savage Arms
manufacturer	The SNCF TGV Sud-Est or TGV-PSE is a French high speed TGV train built by Alstom and operated by SNCF, the French national railway company.	SNCF TGV Sud-Est	Alstom
manufacturer	The Southern Pride was a steam-powered whaler built by the Smiths Dock Company of Middlesbrough in 1936.	Southern Pride	Smiths Dock Company
member of political party	Carlos Pizarro Leongómez (6 June 1951 -- 26 April 1990) was the fourth commander of the Colombian guerrilla group 19th of April Movement (Movimiento 19 de Abril) (M-19).	Carlos Pizarro Leongómez	19th of April Movement
member of political party	Ed Turlington is an American lawyer and Democratic Party activist.	Ed Turlington	Democratic Party
member of political party	Syed Azeez Pasha, a politician from Communist Party of India, is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Andhra Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament.	Syed Azeez Pasha	Communist Party of India
member of political party	Saleem Iqbal Shervani (born 22 March 1953) is an Indian politician who had been with Indian National Congress for most of his career.	Saleem Iqbal Shervani	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Barbara Alby (August 9, 1946 -- December 9, 2012) was an American politician from California and a member of the Republican Party.	Barbara Alby	Republican Party
member of political party	Seamus Costello (Irish: Séamus Mac Coisdealbha, 1939 -- 5 October 1977) was a leader of Official Sinn Féin and the Official Irish Republican Army and latterly of the Irish Republican Socialist Party (IRSP) and the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA).	Seamus Costello	Irish Republican Socialist Party
member of political party	From 1976 to 1980, Gerd Langguth was a member of the Bundestag for the Christian Democratic Union.	Gerd Langguth	Christian Democratic Union
member of political party	Wilhelm Frick (12 March 1877 -- 16 October 1946) was a prominent German politician of the Nazi Party, who served as Reich Minister of the Interior in the Hitler Cabinet from 1933 to 1943 and as the last governor of the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia.	Wilhelm Frick	Nazi Party
member of political party	David Combe (born 26 April 1943) was National Secretary of the Australian Labor Party, a political consultant and lobbyist, an Australian Trade Commissioner, a Senior Vice-President International of Southcorp Wines, and a consultant to the Australian Wine Industry.	David Combe	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Ramesh Pokhriyal ``Nishank'' (Hindi: रमेश पोखरियाल ``निशंक''; born 15 August 1959) is an Indian politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party.	Ramesh Pokhriyal	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Syringa Marshall-Burnett CD, JP (11 May 1935 -- 10 October 2014) was a Jamaican nurse, educator, and former politician with the People's National Party.	Syringa Marshall-Burnett	People's National Party
member of political party	Cormac Breslin (25 April 1902 -- 23 January 1978) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.	Cormac Breslin	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Li Dazhao (October 29, 1888 -- April 28, 1927) was a Chinese intellectual who co-founded the Communist Party of China with Chen Duxiu in 1921.	Li Dazhao	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Rikke Karlsson (born 29 April 1965) is a Danish politician and former member of the Danish People's Party She is the niece of fellow Danish People's Party politician Søren Espersen.	Rikke Karlsson	Danish People's Party
member of political party	Sir Ernest Ashley Bramall (6 January 1916 -- 10 February 1999) was a British Labour Party politician, Member of Parliament for Bexley from 1946 to 1950 and Leader of the Inner London Education Authority (ILEA) for 11 years.	Ashley Bramall	Labour Party
member of political party	David Weitzman, QC (18 June 1898 -- 6 May 1987) was a British Labour Party politician.	David Weitzman	Labour Party
member of political party	Linda Stender (born July 25, 1951) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2002 to 2016, where she represented the 22nd legislative district.	Linda Stender	Democratic Party
member of political party	Fong Kui Lun (simplified Chinese: 方贵伦; traditional Chinese: 方貴倫; pinyin: Fāng Guì Lún; born 28 September 1946) is a Malaysian politician and a member of the opposition Democratic Action Party (DAP).	Fong Kui Lun	Democratic Action Party
member of political party	Talip Küçükcan (born 5 March 1963) is a Turkish professor of sociology and a politician from the Justice and Development Party (AKP), who has served as a Member of Parliament for Adana since 7 June 2015.	Talip Küçükcan	Justice and Development Party
member of political party	Iñaki Anasagasti (born 16 November 1947) is a Venezuelan-Spanish politician, belonging to the Basque Nationalist Party.	Iñaki Anasagasti	Basque Nationalist Party
member of political party	K. D. Deshmukh was the Bharatiya Janata Party Member of Parliament for Balaghat, Madhya Pradesh, India.	K. D. Deshmukh	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Sir Edward Leigh Pemberton KCB, DL (14 May 1823 -- 31 January 1910) was an English Conservative Party politician.	Edward Leigh Pemberton	Conservative Party
member of political party	Yvan Mayeur (born 24 January 1960 in Etterbeek) is a Belgian politician, member of the Socialist Party and mayor of Brussels since 2013.	Yvan Mayeur	Socialist Party
member of political party	T. M. Jacob (16 September 1950 -- 30 October 2011) was the leader of the Kerala Congress (Jacob), a splinter faction of the Kerala Congress.	T. M. Jacob	Kerala Congress
member of political party	János Kádár ((ˈjaːnoʃ ˈkaːdaːr); 26 May 1912 -- 6 July 1989) was a Hungarian communist leader and the General Secretary of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party, presiding over the country from 1956 until his retirement in 1988.	János Kádár	Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Joseph A. Maynard was an American political figure who served as chairman of the Massachusetts Democratic Party and Collector of Customs for the Port of Boston.	Joseph A. Maynard	Democratic Party
member of political party	István Apáti (born 23 March 1978) is a Hungarian jurist and politician from the right-wing radical Jobbik party.	István Apáti	Jobbik
member of political party	On 30 September 1953 Hedtoft was able to return as Prime Minister, and formed the Cabinet of Hans Hedtoft II, consisting only of the Social Democrats.	Hans Hedtoft	Social Democrats
member of political party	Gertrude Fröhlich-Sandner (born 25 April 1926 in Vienna as Gertrude Kastner; died 13 June 2008 in Vienna) was an Austrian politician for the SPÖ (Social Democratic Party of Austria).	Gertrude Fröhlich-Sandner	Social Democratic Party of Austria
member of political party	On September 11, 2008 Craig Cheffins announced he was supporting Dave Taylor for the leadership of the Alberta Liberal Party, and would be taking on the role of Campaign Co-Chair for that effort.	Craig Cheffins	Alberta Liberal Party
member of political party	Colm Keaveney (born 11 January 1971) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.	Colm Keaveney	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Juan Pastor Marco was a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).	Juan Pastor Marco	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Sydney Scholefield Allen QC (3 January 1898 -- 26 March 1974) was a barrister and Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Scholefield Allen	Labour Party
member of political party	Nilmário Miranda (born 11 August 1947) is a Brazilian politician, affiliated with the Workers' Party.	Nilmário Miranda	Workers' Party
member of political party	Apostolos Kaklamanis (Greek: Απόστολος Κακλαμάνης) (born September 7, 1936 in Lefkada) is a Greek politician and member of the Greek Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) for the Athens B constituency.	Apostolos Kaklamanis	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	François Couchepin (born 19 January 1935 in Martigny, Switzerland) is a Swiss lawyer and former politician from the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland (FDP).	François Couchepin	Free Democratic Party of Switzerland
member of political party	Carlos Loret de Mola Mediz (July 30, 1921, in Mérida, Yucatán -- February 7, 1986, in Guerrero) was a Mexican politician and journalist, a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, and deputy, senator and Governor of Yucatán.	Carlos Loret de Mola Mediz	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Andrew Whitecross (born 25 May 1963) is an Australian politician and was a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, elected to the multi-member electorate of Brindabella for the Australian Labor Party.	Andrew Whitecross	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Johan Buttedahl (born 5 October 1935) is a Norwegian dentist and politician for the Centre Party.	Johan Buttedahl	Centre Party
member of political party	Captain Mark Hewitson (15 December 1897 -- 27 February 1973) was a British trade union official and Labour Party politician.	Mark Hewitson	Labour Party
member of political party	Fred H. Madden, Jr. (born March 30, 1954) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey State Senate since 2004, where he represents the 4th Legislative District.	Fred H. Madden	Democratic Party
member of political party	Shri Santosh Bagrodia a politician from Indian National Congress was a Member of the Parliament of India representing Rajasthan in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament till 2010.	Santosh Bagrodia	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Csaba Őry (born on 12 May 1952 in Budapest) is a Hungarian politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Fidesz, part of the European People's Party and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.	Csaba Őry	Fidesz
member of political party	Richard Ottinger (born January 27, 1929) is an American politician of the Democratic Party, a former member of the United States House of Representatives, and a legal educator.	Richard Ottinger	Democratic Party
member of political party	On May 21, 2007, Phyu Phyu Thin was arrested by police in Yangon for organizing a prayer rally to call for the release of detained National League for Democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.	Phyu Phyu Thin	National League for Democracy
member of political party	Josef Grohé (6 November 1902 - 27 December 1987), was a German Nazi Party official.	Josef Grohé	Nazi Party
member of political party	Baroness Sabine de Bethune (born 16 July 1958) is a Belgian politician and a member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party.	Sabine de Bethune	Christian Democratic and Flemish
member of political party	Joshua S. Salmon (February 2, 1846, Mount Olive Township, New Jersey -- May 6, 1902, Boonton, New Jersey) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey's 4th congressional district from 1899 to 1902.	Joshua S. Salmon	Democratic Party
member of political party	Erik Vullum (29 December 1850 -- 14 March 1916) was a Norwegian journalist, writer and politician for the Liberal Party.	Erik Vullum	Liberal Party
member of political party	Bo Gösta Bohman (15 January 1911 -- 12 August 1997) was a Swedish politician and the leader of the Swedish liberal conservative Moderate Party from 1970 to 1981, during a period in which the party strengthened its position in Swedish politics.	Gösta Bohman	Moderate Party
member of political party	Steven Agnew (born 12 October 1979) is the leader of the Green Party in Northern Ireland.	Steven Agnew	Green Party
member of political party	William Stones, known as Bill Stones (2 October 1904 -- 2 July 1969) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.	William Stones	Labour Party
member of political party	Denise Savoie (/sæˈvwɑː/; born November 21, 1943 in St. Boniface, Manitoba) is a Canadian politician, who served as the federal Member of Parliament for Victoria from 2006 until 2012 representing the New Democratic Party.	Denise Savoie	New Democratic Party
member of political party	Fernando Baeza Meléndez (born January 21, 1942 Delicias, Chihuahua) is a Mexican politician and a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	Fernando Baeza Meléndez	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Gorakh Nath Pandey (Hindi - गोरख नाथ पाण्डेय ) (Born 25 April 1951) is an Indian politician,reprenting the Bahujan Samaj Party.	Gorakh Nath Pandey	Bahujan Samaj Party
member of political party	Mario Beccaria, (18 June 1920 -- 22 November 2003) was an Italian politician of the Christian Democracy.	Mario Beccaria	Christian Democracy
member of political party	Walter J. Kavanaugh (June 30, 1933 -- January 9, 2008) was an American Republican Party politician, who served in the New Jersey Legislature for 32 years, representing the 16th Legislative District.	Walter J. Kavanaugh	Republican Party
member of political party	Manuela Sykes (born January 1925), is a former British Liberal Party politician who later joined the Labour Party.	Manuela Sykes	Labour Party
member of political party	Jimmy Harte (born 27 February 1958) is a former Irish Labour Party politician and was a member of Seanad Éireann from April 2011 to September 2015.	Jimmy Harte	Labour Party
member of political party	Natubhai Gomanbhai Patel (born 4 May 1972 in Silvassa) is an Indian politician, belonging to Bharatiya Janata Party.	Natubhai Gomanbhai Patel	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Pól Callaghan was an Irish nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party politician in Northern Ireland.	Pól Callaghan	Social Democratic and Labour Party
member of political party	Anne Brit Stråtveit (born 22 April 1947) is a Norwegian teacher and politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	Anne Brit Stråtveit	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Johann Anetseder (7 October 1898 - 12 December 1948) was a German politician, representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria.	Johann Anetseder	Christian Social Union of Bavaria
member of political party	Vydas Gedvilas (born 17 July 1959 in the village of Užgiriai, Kelmė district, Lithuanian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian basketball coach and politician, former Speaker of the Seimas, member of the Labour Party.	Vydas Gedvilas	Labour Party
member of political party	Georgina Morrison is the current co-convenor of the Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand.	Georgina Morrison	Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand
member of political party	Before Koay Teng Hai started his political journey, he had been influenced by his father who was also a member of the Democratic Action Party (DAP).	Koay Teng Hai	Democratic Action Party
member of political party	Dr. Adolf Mahr was an Austrian archaeologist who was Gruppenleiter (group leader) of the Dublin branch of the Nazi Party Auslandsorganisation (NSDP-AO).	Adolf Mahr	Nazi Party
member of political party	Fernando de las Fuentes Hernández (born August 7, 1960 in Saltillo, Coahuila) is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who currently serves as President of the Congress of Coahuila.	Fernando de las Fuentes	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	He was named Secretary General of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party On April 3, 1936, a Federal Grand Jury submitted accusations against Pedro Albizu Campos, Juan Antonio Corretjer, Luis F. Velázquez, Clemente Soto Vélez and the following members of the Cadets of the Republic:	Juan Antonio Corretjer	Puerto Rican Nationalist Party
member of political party	Paul Caica BA JP MP, (born 1957) is an Australian politician, representing the South Australian Branch of the Australian Labor Party.	Paul Caica	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Karl Liebknecht (13 August 1871 -- 15 January 1919) was a German socialist and a co-founder with Rosa Luxemburg of the Spartacist League and the Communist Party of Germany.	Karl Liebknecht	Communist Party of Germany
member of political party	Herman Johan Foss Reimers (15 September 1843 -- 7 February 1928) was Norwegian judge and politician for the Conservative Party.	Herman Johan Foss Reimers	Conservative Party
member of political party	Wang Shijie also known as Wang Shi-chieh (zh: 王世杰, pinyin: Wáng Shìjié) (b. 10 March 1891 - d. 21 April 1981) was a Chinese politician and scholar of the Kuomintang in service to the Republic of China.	Wang Shijie	Kuomintang
member of political party	Dato' Seri Dr. Ahmad Zahid Hamidi (born 4 January 1953) is a Malaysian politician who has been Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia since 2015 in the Barisan Nasional coalition government of Prime Minister Najib Razak.	Ahmad Zahid Hamidi	Barisan Nasional
member of political party	Mohinder Singh Kaypee (born 7 November 1956) is an Indian politician and member of Indian National Congress.	Mohinder Singh Kaypee	Indian National Congress
member of political party	The Minister of Science and Innovation was the first and only political role of Cristina Garmendia, who is not a member the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.	Cristina Garmendia	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Guy Rainville (born 1963 in Chibougamau, Quebec) is a Canadian politician who was the leader of the Green Party of Quebec from 2008 to 2010.	Guy Rainville	Green Party of Quebec
member of political party	Augustus Albert Hardenbergh (May 18, 1830, New Brunswick, New Jersey -- October 5, 1889, Jersey City, New Jersey) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey's 7th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1875 to 1879, and again from 1881 to 1883.	Augustus Albert Hardenbergh	Democratic Party
member of political party	Colonel Abel Henry Smith (6 December 1862 -- 10 November 1930) was a British Conservative Party politician and an English landowner of the Smith banking family.	Abel Henry Smith	Conservative Party
member of political party	August Košutić (5 August 1893 -- 12 November 1964) was a Croatian politician and a prominent member of the Croatian Peasant Party (HSS).	August Košutić	Croatian Peasant Party
member of political party	Kenneth Stewart (28 June 1925 -- 2 September 1996), was a Member of the European Parliament for Merseyside West, representing the Labour Party, from 1984 until his death.	Kenneth Stewart	Labour Party
member of political party	Thomas Michael Jopling, Baron Jopling, PC (born 10 December 1930) is a politician in the United Kingdom, and sits in the House of Lords as a member of the Conservative Party.	Michael Jopling, Baron Jopling	Conservative Party
member of political party	Jaskaur Meena (born 1947) is an Indian politician, a former Union minister of state in Government of India and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party.	Jaskaur Meena	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Pedro León Gallo Goyenechea (Copiapó, February 12, 1830 - Santiago, December 16, 1877) was a Chilean politician and one of the founders of the Radical Party.	Pedro León Gallo Goyenechea	Radical Party
member of political party	Themistoklis Sofoulis or Sophoulis (Greek: Θεμιστοκλής Σοφούλης; 1860 -- 24 June 1949) was a prominent centrist Greek politician from Samos Island, belonging to the centre-left wing of the Liberal Party, which he led for many years.	Themistoklis Sofoulis	Liberal Party
member of political party	Ronald William Gordon Mackay (3 September 1902 -- 15 January 1960), known as Kim Mackay, was a British Common Wealth Party and Labour Party politician known for his federalist views.	Kim Mackay	Labour Party
member of political party	Running as a People's Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Victor Ndoma-Egba was elected as senator in the 5th (2003--2007) National Assembly representing Cross River Central Senatorial District, and was reelected in 2007 for a further four-year term.	Victor Ndoma-Egba	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	James B. Lynch (died 12 March 1954) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician, who served for 16 years as a Teachta Dála (TD) before being elected as a Senator for three years.	James B. Lynch	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Steve Bolstad was a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives who represented District 24 from 2007-2008.	Steve Bolstad	Democratic Party
member of political party	B. Janardhana Poojary (born 27 April 1937) is a senior politician from Indian National Congress party.	Janardhana Poojary	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Javier Treviño is a Member of Mexico's Congress (Diputado Federal, State of Nuevo León, Institutional Revolutionary Party - PRI).	Javier Treviño	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Henriette Kjær (born 3 May 1966) is a retired Danish politician, member of the Danish parliament (Folketinget) for the Conservative People's Party elected in Aarhus' fourth constituency.	Henriette Kjær	Conservative People's Party
member of political party	Fumihiro Himori (日森文尋 Himori Fumihiro) is a Japanese politician and member of the House of Representatives for the Social Democratic Party.	Fumihiro Himori	Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Stan Kushner was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the 1979 Alberta general election and held the district for one for the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta as a back bench member in the assembly before leaving politics.	Stan Kushner	Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta
member of political party	Pascal Fantodji is a Beninese professor and long-time first secretary of the Communist Party of Benin (PCB).	Pascal Fantodji	Communist Party of Benin
member of political party	Namık Kemal Zeybek (born 1944) is a Turkish politician and was leader of the Democratic Party (2011 - 2012).	Namık Kemal Zeybek	Democratic Party
member of political party	Hans Schweitzer (25 July 1901 -- 1980), known as Mjölnir, was an artist who produced many posters for the Nazi Party under Adolf Hitler.	Hans Schweitzer	Nazi Party
member of political party	Rui Xingwen (Chinese: 芮杏文; pinyin: Ruì Xìngwén; 1 April 1927 -- 5 June 2005) was a Chinese politician who served as the Party Chief of Shanghai from 1985 to 1987, and as a member of the Secretariat of the 13th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China beginning in 1987.	Rui Xingwen	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Sara W. Mahan (February 26, 1870 -- November 1, 1966) was a progressive era social reformer, and early Democratic Party female politician from Kentucky in the United States.	Sara W. Mahan	Democratic Party
member of political party	Audu Innocent Ogbeh (born 28 July 1947) is a Nigerian politician who was chairman of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) from 2001 until January 2005.	Audu Innocent Ogbeh	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Vladimir Maltsev (born 20 April 1974, Makeyevka, Donetsk region) is the People's Deputy of Ukraine, member of the Party of Regions (since November 2007), a member of the Committee on Justice (December 2007).	Vladimir Maltsev	Party of Regions
member of political party	Jo Benkow (born Josef Elias Benkowitz; 15 August 1924 -- 18 May 2013) was a Norwegian politician and writer, notable for being an important person in the Conservative Party of Norway, and the President of the Parliament 1985--1993.	Jo Benkow	Conservative Party
member of political party	Rameshwar Thakur (28 July 1924 -- 15 January 2015) was a senior Indian National Congress politician and former union minister of India, he was the Governor of Madhya Pradesh from 2009 to 2011 and Governor of Odisha from 2004 to 2006, Andhra Pradesh from 2006 to 2007 and Karnataka from 2007 to 2009.	Rameshwar Thakur	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Gajanan Kirtikar (Marathi: गजानन कीर्तिकर) is Leader and MP of Shiv Sena Party in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Gajanan Kirtikar	Shiv Sena
member of political party	Karen McKevitt is a Social Democratic and Labour Party politician in Northern Ireland who was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly in 2011 representing South Down.	Karen McKevitt	Social Democratic and Labour Party
member of political party	Felipe Solá (born 23 July 1950) is an Argentine politician of the Justicialist Party (Peronism) and was the governor of the province of Buenos Aires since 2002 until he left office in 2007.	Felipe Solá	Justicialist Party
member of political party	Edwyn Sherard Burnaby (1830 -- 31 May 1883) was a major-general and Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) for Leicestershire North from 1880 until his death.	Edwyn Sherard Burnaby	Conservative Party
member of political party	Dame Janne Haaland Matláry (born 27 April 1957) is a Norwegian political scientist, writer, and politician, who formerly represented the Christian Democratic Party.	Janne Haaland Matláry	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Dr. Tan Seng Giaw (simplified Chinese: 陈胜尧; traditional Chinese: 陳勝堯; pinyin: Chén Shèng Yáo; born 26 May 1942) is a Malaysian politician from the Democratic Action Party.	Tan Seng Giaw	Democratic Action Party
member of political party	Sidhi Kumari is a member of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from Bikaner East, elected in 2008 on as a candidate of Bharatiya Janata Party.	Sidhi Kumari	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Michael E. Ames (1822--1861) was a politician from Minnesota Territory, a member of the Democratic Party, and a former member of the Minnesota Territory House of Representatives, representing St. Paul, Minnesota.	Michael E. Ames	Democratic Party
member of political party	İhsan Sabri Çağlayangil (born 1908, Istanbul -- December 30, 1993, Ankara, Turkey) was a Turkish Justice Party (Turkish: Adalet Partisi) politician, who was Minister of Foreign Affairs three times in the 1960s and 1970s.	İhsan Sabri Çağlayangil	Justice Party
member of political party	Marcelino Iglesias Ricou (born 16 April 1951) is a Spanish politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.	Marcelino Iglesias	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Sir William Henry Hornby, 1st Baronet, DL (29 August 1841 -- 22 October 1928), usually known as Harry Hornby, was an English industrialist and Conservative Party politician from Blackburn in Lancashire.	Harry Hornby	Conservative Party
member of political party	Frank McLeavy, Baron McLeavy (1 January 1899 -- 1 October 1976) was a British Labour Party politician.	Frank McLeavy, Baron McLeavy	Labour Party
member of political party	Sikander Bakht (24 August 1918 -- 23 February 2004) was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress, the Janata Party and, finally, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).	Sikander Bakht	Indian National Congress	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Redfield Proctor (June 1, 1831 -- March 4, 1908) was a U.S. politician of the Republican Party.	Redfield Proctor	Republican Party
member of political party	Sunder Singh Bhandari (Hindi: सुन्दर सिंह भण्डारी; 12 April 1921 -- 22 June 2005) was a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh pracharak and politician belonging to Bharatiya Jana Sangh and Bharatiya Janata Party.	Sunder Singh Bhandari	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Paul Kiernan (November 6, 1906 -- May 21, 1989) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as mayor of Long Branch, and as sheriff of Monmouth County, New Jersey.	Paul Kiernan	Democratic Party
member of political party	Oskar Jarle Grimstad (born 8 November 1954) is a Norwegian politician representing the Progress Party (FrP) for Møre og Romsdal.	Oskar Jarle Grimstad	Progress Party
member of political party	In the May 2009 elections Patricia Kaliati was again elected on the Democratic Progressive Party ticket.	Patricia Kaliati	Democratic Progressive Party
member of political party	Mangru Ganu Uikey (born 5 November 1901, date of death unknown) was an Indian politician, belonging to Indian National Congress.	Mangru Ganu Uikey	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Alexander Snitker (born August 6, 1975) was the Libertarian Party candidate in the 2010 Florida U.S. Senate election for the seat being vacated by Republican George LeMieux.	Alexander Snitker	Libertarian Party
member of political party	Mgr. Petr Gandalovič (born 15 August 1964 in Prague) is a Czech politician and one of the founding members of the Civic Democratic Party.	Petr Gandalovič	Civic Democratic Party
member of political party	Dr. Sanjay Jaiswal (born 29 November 1965) is an Indian politician who has represented Paschim Champaran constituency of Bihar since 2009 as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) .	Sanjay Jaiswal	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Alfredo García Green (born December 29, 1953 in Baja California Sur) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the conservative National Action Party (PAN).	Alfredo García Green	National Action Party
member of political party	Terje Søviknes (born 28 February 1969) is a Norwegian politician, and the first politician of the Progress Party to become mayor of a Norwegian municipality, namely Os, Hordaland.	Terje Søviknes	Progress Party
member of political party	Julie James AM is a Welsh Labour politician, who has represented the constituency of Swansea West since the National Assembly for Wales election of 2011.	Julie James	Welsh Labour
member of political party	Atlee Pomerene (December 6, 1863 -- November 12, 1937) was a Democratic Party politician from Ohio.	Atlee Pomerene	Democratic Party
member of political party	Dambyn Chagdarjav (Mongolian: Дамбын Чагдаржав; 1880 -- August 31, 1922) was a Mongolian revolutionary and one of the ``first seven'' founders of the Mongolian People's Party (MPP) in 1920.	Dambyn Chagdarjav	Mongolian People's Party
member of political party	Liam Twomey (born 3 April 1967) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and medical doctor.	Liam Twomey	Fine Gael
member of political party	Jan Mohammad Abbasi (Urdu) جان محمدعباسي : was Naib Ameer (Vice President) of Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan.	Jan Mohammad Abbasi	Jamaat-e-Islami
member of political party	Sidney Schofield (22 March 1911 -- December 1992) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for little over a year.	Sidney Schofield	Labour Party
member of political party	Chanie Rosenberg (born 1922) is a South African-born artist, former teacher and socialist who is the sister of Michael Kidron, the widow of Tony Cliff, and a founder member of the Socialist Workers Party in Britain.	Chanie Rosenberg	Socialist Workers Party
member of political party	William Quirke (c.1896 -- 5 March 1955) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and a senior revolutionary figure in County Tipperary during the Irish War of Independence.	William Quirke	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Felix Leinen (born 15 May 1957) is a German professor, mathematician and politician of the Ecological Democratic Party (ÖDP.)	Felix Leinen	Ecological Democratic Party
member of political party	Marc Maria Frans, Viscount Eyskens (born 29 April 1933), known as Mark Eyskens (ˈmɑrk ˈɛi̯skəns), is a Belgian economist and politician in the Christian People's Party (Belgium), now called Christian Democratic and Flemish, and briefly served as Prime Minister of Belgium in 1981.	Mark Eyskens	Christian Democratic and Flemish
member of political party	Julián Hernández Santillán (Nuevo León, 6 April 1963) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party (PAN).	Julián Hernández Santillán	National Action Party
member of political party	Thomas P. Giblin (born January 15, 1947) is an American Democratic Party politician, who serves in the New Jersey General Assembly where he represents the 34th legislative district, having taken office on January 10, 2006.	Thomas P. Giblin	Democratic Party
member of political party	Rebecca Blaikie (born May 25, 1978 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian politician currently serving as the President of the New Democratic Party (NDP).	Rebecca Blaikie	New Democratic Party
member of political party	James Litterick (born July 15, 1901) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada, and was the first member of the Communist Party of Canada to be elected to that province's legislature.	James Litterick	Communist Party of Canada
member of political party	Síle de Valera (Irish pronunciation: (ˈʃiːlʲə ˌdɛvəˈlɛrə)) (born 17 December 1954) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician.	Síle de Valera	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Eligijus Masiulis (born 15 October 1974) is a Lithuanian politician, he represents Liberal Movement party.	Eligijus Masiulis	Liberal Movement
member of political party	Dr. Erhard Hübener (4 August 1881 -- 3 June 1958) was a German politician and member of the German Democratic Party (DDP) until 1933.	Erhard Hübener	German Democratic Party
member of political party	K. S. Eshwarappa (born 10 July 1948) is a senior politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party, one of the two major political parties in India.	K. S. Eshwarappa	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Rolf Presthus (29 July 1936 -- 1 January 1988) was a Norwegian politician, who was chairman of the Conservative Party of Norway 1986-1988.	Rolf Presthus	Conservative Party
member of political party	Nand Kumar Patel (8 November 1953 -- 25 May 2013) was an Indian National Congress politician from the Chhattisgarh.	Nand Kumar Patel	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Hudson Austin was a member of the New Jewel Movement in Grenada.	Hudson Austin	New Jewel Movement
member of political party	Harald Bredo Sollie (17 January 1871 -- 1 March 1947) was a Norwegian jurist, naval officer and politician for the Conservative Party.	Harald Bredo Sollie	Conservative Party
member of sports team	Pierce Holt (born January 1, 1962 in Marlin, Texas) is an American former professional football player who was a defensive lineman for the San Francisco 49ers and Atlanta Falcons from 1988 to 1995.	Pierce Holt	San Francisco 49ers	Atlanta Falcons
military branch	Andrzej Karweta (11 June 1958 -- 10 April 2010) was Vice Admiral of the Polish Navy and its commander-in-chief from November 2007 until his death in April 2010 in the Smolensk air crash.	Andrzej Karweta	Polish Navy
military branch	Alexander Löhr (20 May 1885 -- 26 February 1947) was an Austrian Air Force (Österreichische Luftstreitkräfte) commander during the 1930s and, after the ``Political Union of Germany and Austria'' (Anschluss), he was a German Air Force (Luftwaffe) commander.	Alexander Löhr	Luftwaffe
military branch	Brian A. Arnold is a former Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force.	Brian A. Arnold	United States Air Force
military branch	No. 2 Commando was a battalion-sized British Commando unit of the British Army during the Second World War.	No. 2 Commando	British Army
military branch	The Queen's Royal Regiment (West Surrey) was a line infantry regiment of the English and later the British Army from 1661 to 1959.	Queen's Royal Regiment (West Surrey)	British Army
military branch	Jean-Paul Paloméros is a General in the French Air Force and a former Supreme Allied Commander Transformation, a senior military post in NATO.	Jean-Paul Paloméros	French Air Force
military branch	Vice-Admiral Sir William Charles Fahie KCB (1763 -- 11 January 1833) was a prominent British Royal Navy officer during the American War of Independence, French Revolutionary War and the Napoleonic Wars.	William Charles Fahie	Royal Navy
military branch	The Duke of Cumberland's Regiment of Light Dragoons was a cavalry regiment of the British Army raised in 1746 and disbanded in 1749.	Duke of Cumberland's Regiment	British Army
military branch	Tyneside Scottish is an honour title which has been held by a variety of British Army units since 1914.	Tyneside Scottish	British Army
military branch	J. W. Norris (born 1862, date of death unknown) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.	J. W. Norris	United States Navy
military branch	General Sir George Hewett, 1st Baronet GCB PC (Ire) (11 June 1750 -- 21 March 1840) was Commander-in-Chief, India and then Commander-in-Chief, Ireland for the British Army.	George Hewett	British Army
military branch	The Royal Gurkha Rifles (RGR) is a rifle regiment of the British Army, forming part of the Brigade of Gurkhas.	Royal Gurkha Rifles	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant-General William Staveley CB (29 July 1784 -- 4 April 1854) was a British Army officer who fought in the Peninsular War and later became Commander and Lieutenant Governor of Hong Kong.	William Staveley	British Army
military branch	Nicholas Trant (1769-1839) was a British Army officer who led Portuguese irregular troops in several actions during the Peninsular War.	Nicholas Trant	British Army
military branch	Harry George Armstrong (February 17, 1899 -- February 5, 1983) was a Major General in the United States Air Force, a physician, and an airman.	Harry George Armstrong	United States Air Force
military branch	George William Goddard (June 15, 1889 -- September 20, 1987) was a United States Air Force Brigadier General, and a pioneer in aerial photography.	George William Goddard	United States Air Force
military branch	The Shropshire Yeomanry was a yeomanry regiment of the British Army, first raised in 1795, which served as a cavalry and dismounted infantry regiment in the First World War and as a cavalry and an artillery regiment in the Second World War.	Shropshire Yeomanry	British Army
military branch	Admiral William Gore Jones CB (12 March 1826 -- 28 May 1888) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander-in-Chief, East Indies Station.	William Gore Jones	Royal Navy
military branch	The Scouts Battalion (Estonian: Scoutspataljon) is a battalion of the Estonian Land Forces.	Scouts Battalion	Estonian Land Forces
military branch	Major General George Byng, 3rd Viscount Torrington (21 September 1701 -- 7 April 1750), styled The Honourable from 1721 to 1747, was a British Army officer and peer.	George Byng, 3rd Viscount Torrington	British Army
military branch	The Boden Engineer Regiment (Swedish: Bodens ingenjörregemente), designations Ing 4, Ing 3 and Ingbat/I 19, was a Swedish Army engineer regiment, one of the few new formations raised in the 20th century.	Boden Engineer Regiment	Swedish Army
military branch	The 9th (County of London) Battalion, London Regiment (Queen Victoria's Rifles) was a Territorial Army infantry battalion of the British Army.	Queen Victoria's Rifles	British Army
military branch	Sir Charles St Leger Barter, KCB, KCMG, CVO (1857--1931) was a career British Army officer.	Charles St Leger Barter	British Army
military branch	The 2nd (West Africa) Infantry Brigade was a World War II unit of the British Army it was formed from battalions of the Royal West African Frontier Force in 1940.	2nd (West Africa) Infantry Brigade	British Army
military branch	The Dorset Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army in existence from 1881 to 1958, being the county regiment of Dorset.	Dorset Regiment	British Army
military branch	Huntington Hardisty (February 3, 1929 - October 1, 2003) was a United States Navy four star admiral who served as Vice Chief of Naval Operations (VCNO) from 1987 to 1988; and Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Command (USCINCPAC) from 1988 to 1991.	Huntington Hardisty	United States Navy
military branch	Lewis Hancock, Jr. (October 15, 1889 -- September 3, 1925) served in the United States Navy during World War I as a submariner.	Lewis Hancock, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	George Washington Goethals (/ˈɡoʊθəlz/ GOH-thəlz; June 29, 1858 -- January 21, 1928) was a United States Army officer and civil engineer, best known for his administration and supervision of the construction and the opening of the Panama Canal.	George Washington Goethals	United States Army
military branch	John Cooper (July 24, 1828 -- August 22, 1891) (born as John Laver Mather Cooper) was a member of the United States Navy.	John Laver Mather Cooper	United States Navy
military branch	The Liverpool Rifles was a unit of the Territorial Army, part of the British Army, formed in Lancashire as a 'Rifle Volunteer Corps' (RVC) in 1859, becoming a battalion of the King's Regiment (Liverpool) in 1881.	Liverpool Rifles	British Army
military branch	Vice Admiral George Darby (c.1720 -- 1790) was an officer in the Royal Navy.	George Darby	Royal Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Richard Rodney Bligh GCB (bap. 8 November 1737 -- 30 April 1821) was an officer of the Royal Navy, who saw service during the American War of Independence, and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Admiral.	Richard Rodney Bligh	Royal Navy
military branch	John Anderson Moore (January 12, 1910 -- February 26, 1944) was a United States Navy submarine commander who was killed in action during World War II. He had been awarded three Navy Crosses and a Purple Heart Medal before his death.	John Anderson Moore	United States Navy
military branch	Captain Washington Irving Chambers, USN (1856--1934) was a United States Navy officer who played a major role in the early development of naval aviation, serving as the first officer to have oversight of the Navy's aviation program.	Washington Irving Chambers	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Frederic Wake-Walker KCB CBE (24 March 1888 -- 24 September 1945) was a British admiral who served in the Royal Navy during World War I and World War II, taking a leading part in the destruction of the German battleship Bismarck, and in Operation Dynamo, the evacuation at Dunkirk.	Frederic Wake-Walker	Royal Navy
military branch	Brigadier-General George Colborne Nugent, MVO (1864--1915) was a British Army officer who served on the staff during the Second Boer War, was closely involved in training the Territorial Force, and was killed in action in the Great War.	George Colborne Nugent	British Army
military branch	Jack William Wintle (18 April 1908 - 13 November 1942) was a United States Navy Officer and a posthumous recipient of the Navy Cross, which was awarded for his actions in mid November 1942, during the Battle of Guadalcanal	Jack William Wintle	United States Navy
military branch	The Queen's Royal Surrey Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army which existed from 1959 to 1966.	Queen's Royal Surrey Regiment	British Army
military branch	The Sussex Yeomanry is a yeomanry regiment of the British Army formed in 1794.	Sussex Yeomanry	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant General Sir James Melville Babington KCB, KCMG (31 July 1854 -- 15 June 1936) was a British Army officer and a renowned leader of cavalry, making a name for himself for his actions in the Second Boer War.	James Melville Babington	British Army
military branch	The King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery is a ceremonial unit of the British Army, quartered at Woolwich.	King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery	British Army
military branch	Rear Admiral Agha Danish (Urdu: آغا دانش‎) SI(M), HI(M), is a retired 2-star rank admiral and the former senior naval aviator in the Pakistan Navy.	Agha Danish	Pakistan Navy
military branch	Mark Sutcliffe MBE (born 29 July 1979 in Peterborough, England) joined the British Army in 1997 aged 17, enlisting into the 2nd Battalion, The Royal Anglian Regiment The Poachers, initially joining C (Northamptonshire) Company.	Mark Sutcliffe	British Army
military branch	Terry W. Virts, Jr. (born December 1, 1967) is a NASA astronaut, and Colonel in the United States Air Force.	Terry W. Virts	United States Air Force
military branch	Charles B. McVay, Jr. (September 9, 1868 -- October 28, 1949) was an admiral in the United States Navy after World War I. In 1907--1909, After the cruise of the Great White Fleet, he commanded the tender, Yankton.	Charles B. McVay, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	The 7th (Light Infantry) Parachute Battalion was an airborne infantry battalion of the Parachute Regiment, formed by the British Army during the Second World War.	7th (Light Infantry) Parachute Battalion	British Army
military branch	Anson Stager (April 20, 1825 - March 26, 1885) was the co-founder of Western Union, the first president of Western Electric Manufacturing Company and Union Army general, where he was head of the Military Telegraph Department during the Civil War.	Anson Stager	Union Army
military branch	Admiral of the Fleet Sir Cecil Burney, 1st Baronet, GCB, GCMG, DL (15 May 1858 -- 5 June 1929) was a Royal Navy officer.	Cecil Burney	Royal Navy
military branch	Major-General Sir Arthur Guy Salisbury-Jones GCVO CMG CBE MC (1896 -- 1985) was a British Army officer and the Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Households of George VI and Elizabeth II between 1950 and 1961.	Guy Salisbury-Jones	British Army
military branch	John Philip Wisser (July 19, 1852 -- January 20, 1927) was a brigadier general in the United States Army.	John Philip Wisser	United States Army
military branch	John James Jackson (born 11 April 1977 in Bishop Auckland, England) is a British bobsledder and Royal Marines commando.	John James Jackson	Royal Marines
military branch	William Nugent Glascock (c. 1787 -- 9 October 1847) was an officer of the Royal Navy and a novelist.	William Nugent Glascock	Royal Navy
military branch	General Sir John Doyle, 1st Baronet GCB, KCH (1756 -- 8 August 1834) was an officer in the British Army, which he joined in March 1771.	Sir John Doyle, 1st Baronet	British Army
military branch	General Sir Charles Fergusson, 7th Baronet GCB, GCMG, DSO, MVO (17 January 1865 -- 20 February 1951) was a British Army officer and the third Governor-General of New Zealand.	Sir Charles Fergusson, 7th Baronet	British Army
military branch	Waldo A. Evans (1869 -- April 15, 1936) was a Captain of the United States Navy and military Governor of both the United States Virgin Islands and American Samoa.	Waldo A. Evans	United States Navy
military branch	Vice-Admiral Sir Arthur Allison Fitzroy Talbot KBE CB DSO & Bar DL (22 October 1909 -- 16 June 1998) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Plymouth.	Fitzroy Talbot	Royal Navy
military branch	The Lancashire Fusiliers was a line infantry regiment of the British Army that saw distinguished service through many centuries and wars, including the Second Boer War both the First World War and the Second World War, and had many different titles throughout its 280 years of existence.	Lancashire Fusiliers	British Army
military branch	Sir Alec Rose (13 July 1908 -- 11 January 1991) was a nursery owner and fruit merchant in England who after serving in the Royal Navy during World War II developed a passion for amateur single-handed sailing.	Alec Rose	Royal Navy
military branch	Brigadier James Noel Tetley, DSO, TD, DL, LLD (30 December 1898 -- 25 December 1971) was a member of a prominent Yorkshire brewing family and a senior officer of the British Army who saw active service in the Italian Campaign during World War II.	James Noel Tetley	British Army
military branch	Admiral Arthur Hayes-Sadler CBE CSI (9 October 1865 -- 9 February 1952) was a senior Royal Navy officer during World War I.	Arthur Hayes-Sadler	Royal Navy
military branch	Gustave Paul Cluseret (13 June 1823 -- 22 August 1900) was a French soldier and politician who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War, and Delegate for War during the Paris Commune.	Gustave Paul Cluseret	Union Army
military branch	Colonel Welton Ralph Abell (May 17, 1922 -- April 26, 1998) was a United States Marine Corps officer serving in the Korean War, as well as a former advertising executive.	Welton Ralph Abell	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Samuel F. Rogers (1834 - November 1, 1905) was a United States Navy Quartermaster received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Korean Expedition.	Samuel F. Rogers	United States Navy
military branch	Giles Alexander Smith (September 29, 1829 -- November 8, 1876), was a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Giles Alexander Smith	Union Army
military branch	Admiral Cecil Frederick Dampier, CMG (11 May 1868 - 11 April 1950) was a British Royal Navy officer during the First World War.	Cecil Frederick Dampier	Royal Navy
military branch	Captain Ruth Agatha Houghton (born June 29, 1909) was the Director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps, serving in that position from 1958 to 1962.	Ruth Agatha Houghton	United States Navy
military branch	Bancroft Gherardi (November 10, 1832 -- December 10, 1903) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy, who served during the Mexican--	Bancroft Gherardi	United States Navy
military branch	Rear-Admiral John Monkton (c. 1754 -- October 1826) was a Royal Navy officer of the late eighteenth century who is best known for his service in the French Revolutionary Wars as a commander of a ship of the line seeing action in several engagements, particularly the Battle of Groix in 1795.	John Monkton	Royal Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Henry Frederick Stephenson GCVO KCB (7 June 1842 -- 16 December 1919) was a Royal Navy officer, courtier, and Arctic explorer.	Henry Frederick Stephenson	Royal Navy
military branch	Franciszek Surma was a Polish fighter ace of the Polish Air Force in World War II with 5 confirmed kills.	Franciszek Surma	Polish Air Force
military branch	Edward J. Ruppelt (July 17, 1923 -- September 15, 1960) was a United States Air Force officer probably best known for his involvement in Project Blue Book, a formal governmental study of unidentified flying objects.	Edward J. Ruppelt	United States Air Force
military branch	Lieutenant colonel Hugh Henry John Seymour (25 September 1790 -- 2 December 1821) was a British Army officer and a politician.	Hugh Henry John Seymour	British Army
military branch	The 11th Infantry Brigade and Headquarters South East is a regular British Army brigade formation that is part of the Army's 'Adaptable Force' meaning it has operational units under command, as well as regional responsibilities across the South East of England.	11th Infantry Brigade and Headquarters South East	British Army
military branch	Major-General George Philip Bradley Roberts CB, DSO, MC, (November 5, 1906 -- November 5, 1997), better known as ``Pip'', was a senior officer of the British Army who served with distinction during the Second World War, in particular as commander of the 11th Armoured Division.	George Philip Bradley Roberts	British Army
military branch	Captain Adam Mackenzie (died 13 November 1823) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served during the American, French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, being present at numerous fleet actions, as well as serving as successful ship captain.	Adam Mackenzie	Royal Navy
military branch	Rear-Admiral John Pasco (1774--1853) served in the Royal Navy between 1784 and 1853, eventually rising to the rank of Rear Admiral.	John Pasco	Royal Navy
military branch	Colonel Sir Anthony Coningham Sterling KCB (1805--1871) was a British Army officer and historian, author of The Highland Brigade in the Crimea.	Anthony Coningham Sterling	British Army
military branch	Air Marshal Sir Philip Babington, KCB, MC, AFC (25 February 1894 -- 25 February 1965) was a Royal Air Force officer who became Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief of Flying Training Command.	Philip Babington	Royal Air Force
military branch	Rear Admiral Katherine L. Gregory is the first female flag officer in the United States Navy Civil Engineer Corps (CEC).	Katherine L. Gregory	United States Navy
military branch	Raquel C. Bono is a vice admiral in the United States Navy.	Raquel C. Bono	United States Navy
military branch	The 416th Flight Test Squadron (416 FTS) is a United States Air Force squadron.	416th Flight Test Squadron	United States Air Force
military branch	James Machon (born 1848) was a cabin boy in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	James Machon	Union Navy
military branch	Admiral John Schank (c. 1740 -- 6 February 1823) was an officer of the British Royal Navy known for his skill in ship construction and mechanical design.	John Schank	Royal Navy
military branch	Vice Admiral James Mighells (died 1733) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Comptroller of the Navy.	James Mighells	Royal Navy
military branch	Robert Brown Potter (July 16, 1829 -- February 19, 1887) was a United States lawyer and a Union Army general in the American Civil War.	Robert Brown Potter	Union Army
military branch	James Shepherd Freeman (April 30, 1900 in Jasper, AL -- August 7, 1962 at the Bethesda Naval Hospital in Bethesda, MD) was a World War II Admiral in the United States Navy and the son of James Stanley Freeman.	James Shepherd Freeman	United States Navy
military branch	Brigadier-General Sir George William Hacket Pain KBE CB (5 February 1855 -- 14 February 1924) was a British Army officer and Royal Irish Constabulary commissioner.	William Hacket Pain	British Army
military branch	Anselm Genders CR, born Roger Marson Genders and also added the name of Alban when he joined the Royal Navy (15 August 1919 -- 19 June 2008), was the Bishop of Bermuda from 1977 until 1982.	Anselm Genders	Royal Navy
military branch	Charles S. Abbot is a retired United States Navy Admiral who served as Deputy Commander in Chief, United States European Command (DCINCEUR) from 1998 to 2000.	Charles S. Abbot	United States Navy
military branch	The Västerbotten Regiment (Swedish: Västerbottens regemente), designations I 19, I XIX, I 20 and I 20/Fo 61, was a Swedish Army infantry regiment that traced its origins back to the 16th century.	Västerbotten Regiment	Swedish Army
military branch	Lieutenant-General Lord Frederick FitzClarence, GCH (9 December 1799 -- 30 October 1854) was a British Army officer as well as being the illegitimate third son of King William IV and his mistress, Dorothea Jordan.	Lord Frederick FitzClarence	British Army
military branch	Albert A. Francovich (1920--1942) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Navy Cross for his actions during World War II.	Albert A. Francovich	United States Navy
mouth of the watercourse	The Laborec itself is a tributary, flowing into the Latorica river.	Laborec	Latorica
mouth of the watercourse	Little Wapwallopen Creek is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Little Wapwallopen Creek	Susquehanna River
mouth of the watercourse	Range Creek, rising in the Book Cliffs in Emery County, Utah, is a high tributary of the Colorado River.	Range Creek	Colorado
mouth of the watercourse	The Kiskiminetas River (called the Kiski for short) is a tributary of the Allegheny River, approximately 27 miles (43 km) long, in Western Pennsylvania in the United States.	Kiskiminetas River	Allegheny River
mouth of the watercourse	The Ngiri River (or Giri River) is a tributary of the Ubangi River that flows southward through the Sud-Ubangi District of Équateur province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Ngiri River	Ubangi River
mouth of the watercourse	The Loange River (or Luangué, Luange) is a tributary of the Kasai River.	Loange River	Kasai River
mouth of the watercourse	L'Ourse, or Ourse de Ferrère, is a French river in the Pyrenees, a tributary of la Garonne.	Ourse	Garonne
mouth of the watercourse	Blackmore River flows into Darwin Harbour close to Darwin in the Australian Northern Territory.	Blackmore River	Darwin Harbour
mouth of the watercourse	The Tuolumne River (/tuːˈɒləmiː/ ``To All o' Me''; Yokutsan: Tawalimnu) flows for 149 miles (240 km) through Central California, from the high Sierra Nevada to join the San Joaquin River in the Central Valley.	Tuolumne River	San Joaquin River
mouth of the watercourse	The Cheakamus River (pron. CHEK-a-moose) is a tributary of the Squamish River, beginning on the west slopes of Outlier Peak in Garibaldi Provincial Park upstream from Cheakamus Lake on the southeastern outskirts of the resort area of Whistler.	Cheakamus River	Squamish River
mouth of the watercourse	The Brigach is the shorter of two streams that jointly form the river Danube in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Brigach	Danube
mouth of the watercourse	The Oli River is a river of Nigeria and Benin, tributary of the Niger River.	Oli River	Niger River
mouth of the watercourse	The South Nahanni River is a major tributary of the Liard River, located roughly 500 kilometres west of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories of Canada.	South Nahanni River	Liard River
mouth of the watercourse	The Meža (Slovene) or Mieß (German) is a river in the Austrian state of Carinthia and in Slovenia, a right tributary of the Drava.	Meža	Drava
mouth of the watercourse	Hammersley Fork (also known as Hammersley Fork Creek) is a tributary of Kettle Creek in Potter County and Clinton County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Hammersley Fork	Kettle Creek
mouth of the watercourse	From Igli the Oued Saoura runs through Béchar Province past the towns of Béni Abbès, Tamtert, El Ouata, Béni Ikhlef, Kerzaz, Timoudi, Ouled Khoudir, and Ksabi, then passes under the N6 highway before reaching the endorheic lake Sebkha el Melah.	Oued Saoura	Sebkha el Melah
mouth of the watercourse	Allyn River rises on Allyn Range, on the slopes of the Gondwana Rainforests Barrington Tops, west of Careys Peak, and flows generally southeast, joined by seven minor tributaries, before reaching its confluence with the Paterson River near Vacy; descending 640 metres (2,100 ft) over its 82-kilometre (51 mi) course.	Allyn River	Paterson River
mouth of the watercourse	Maryland River is a watercourse of the Clarence River catchment in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales, Australia.	Maryland River	Clarence River
mouth of the watercourse	The Deua River, being the main perennial river of the Moruya River catchment, is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Deua River	Moruya River
mouth of the watercourse	The Kakisa River is a major tributary of the Mackenzie River in the Northwest Territories of Canada.	Kakisa River	Mackenzie River
mouth of the watercourse	The Spray River is a tributary of the Bow River in western Alberta, Canada.	Spray River	Bow River
mouth of the watercourse	Tanew is a river in south-east Poland, a tributary of San.	Tanew	San
mouth of the watercourse	The Werre is a river in the Detmold region (Regierungsbezirk) of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, left tributary of the Weser.	Werre	Weser
mouth of the watercourse	The Clinch River rises near Tazewell, Virginia, and flows southwest for more than 300 miles (480 km) through the Great Appalachian Valley, gathering various tributaries, including the Powell River, before joining the Tennessee River in Kingston, Tennessee.	Clinch River	Tennessee River
mouth of the watercourse	The Yom River (Thai: แม่น้ำยม, RTGS: Maenam Yom, IPA: (mɛ̂ːnáːm jom)) is the main tributary of the Nan River (which itself is a tributary of the Chao Phraya River).	Yom River	Nan River
mouth of the watercourse	The Betka River rises south of Genoa in the Croajingolong National Park, just east of the Princes Highway, and flows generally northeast, then southeast, then east by north, before reaching its mouth with Bass Strait north of the Mallacoota Aerodrome in the Shire of East Gippsland.	Betka River	Bass Strait
mouth of the watercourse	The Shenango River is a principal tributary of the Beaver River, approximately 100 mi (160 km) long, in western Pennsylvania in the United States.	Shenango River	Beaver River
mouth of the watercourse	The Avers Rhine (Romansh: Ragn da Ferrera, German: Averser Rhein) is a tributary of the Hinterrhein/Rein Posteriur in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Avers Rhine	Hinterrhein
mouth of the watercourse	The Blava is a tributary of the Dudváh in Trnava District, Western Slovakia.	Blava	Dudváh
mouth of the watercourse	The Noguera Ribagorçana joins the Segre from the right at Vilanova de la Barca (Segrià).	Noguera Ribagorçana	Segre
mouth of the watercourse	The Kizir River (Кизир) is a right tributary of the Kazyr River.	Kizir River	Kazyr River
mouth of the watercourse	Piner Creek discharges to Santa Rosa Creek which in turn joins the Laguna de Santa Rosa.	Piner Creek	Santa Rosa Creek
mouth of the watercourse	Nahal Alexander (Hebrew: נחל אלכסנדר‎) is a river in Israel that flows from the mountains of Samaria to the Mediterranean Sea, north of Netanya.	Nahal Alexander	Mediterranean Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Wäschegrund is a roughly 3.3 kilometre long tributary of the Sperrlutter near the mining town of Sankt Andreasberg in Goslar district in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Wäschegrund	Sperrlutter
mouth of the watercourse	Rous River, a perennial river of the Tweed River catchment, is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.	Rous River	Tweed River
mouth of the watercourse	Kerripit River rises below Careys Peak in the Barrington Tops within the Great Dividing Range, in the Barrington Tops National Park, and flows generally northeast before reaching its confluence with the Barrington River, north northwest of the village of Berrico.	Kerripit River	Barrington River
mouth of the watercourse	The Thaya (Czech: Dyje (ˈdɪjɛ)) is a river in Central Europe, the longest tributary to the Morava River.	Thaya	Morava
mouth of the watercourse	The Wyong River rises below Watagan Mountains west of Martinsville, and flows generally south and southeast, joined by three minor tributaries, before reaching its river mouth within Tuggerah Lake, near Tacoma.	Wyong River	Tuggerah Lake
mouth of the watercourse	The Manistee River in the U.S. state of Michigan, runs 190 miles (310 km) through the northwestern Lower Peninsula; it now passes through the contemporary villages of Sharon, Smithville, and Mesick, entering Lake Michigan at Manistee.	Manistee River	Lake Michigan
mouth of the watercourse	The Naches River is a tributary of the Yakima River in central Washington in the United States.	Naches River	Yakima River
named after	Althupite is a rare aluminium thorium uranyl phosphate mineral with complex formula written as AlTh(UO2)7(PO4)4O2(OH)5	Althupite	aluminium thorium
native language	Jean-François Susbielle is a French author and specialist in geopolitics and geoeconomics.	Jean-François Susbielle	French
native language	Armand-Guy-Simon de Coetnempren, comte de Kersaint, in short Armand de Kersaint (29 July 1742--4 December 1793), was a French sailor and politician.	Armand de Kersaint	French
native language	Alice Zeniter is a French novelist and dramatist.	Alice Zeniter	French
native language	Jean Martin (6 March 1922 -- 2 February 2009) was a French actor of stage and screen.	Jean Martin	French
native language	Federico del Sagrado Corazón de Jesús García Lorca, known as Federico García Lorca (Spanish pronunciation: (feðeˈɾiko ɣarˈθi.a ˈlorka); 5 June 1898 -- 19 August 1936) was a Spanish poet, playwright, and theatre director.	Federico García Lorca	Spanish
native language	Louis-Simon Auger (29 December 1772, Paris -- 2 January 1829, Paris) was a French journalist, literary critic and playwright.	Louis-Simon Auger	French
native language	Jean Paulhan (2 December 1884 -- 9 October 1968) was a French writer, literary critic and publisher, director of the literary magazine Nouvelle Revue Française (NRF) from 1925 to 1940 and from 1946 to 1968.	Jean Paulhan	French
native language	Jacques Lacarrière (French: (lakaʁjɛʁ); 2 December 1925 -- 17 September 2005) was a French writer, born in Limoges.	Jacques Lacarrière	French
native language	Daniel Schneidermann is a French journalist, born in Paris on April 5, 1958, who focuses on the analysis of televised media.	Daniel Schneidermann	French
native language	Anatole de Monzie (22 November 1876, Bazas, Gironde -- 11 January 1947, Paris) was a French administrator, encyclopaedist (Encyclopédie française), political figure and scholar.	Anatole de Monzie	French
native language	Marjolijn Hof (born 1956) is a Dutch writer and lives in Amsterdam.	Marjolijn Hof	Dutch
native language	Willem Frederik Hermans (1 September 1921 -- 27 April 1995) was a Dutch author of poetry, novels, short stories, plays, as well as booklength studies, essays, and literary criticism.	Willem Frederik Hermans	Dutch
native language	Tanguy Malmanche (September 7, 1875 -- March 20, 1953) was a French writer involved in the revival of Breton culture.	Tanguy Malmanche	French
native language	Gilles Jacquier (25 October 1968 -- 11 January 2012) was a French photojournalist and reporter for France Télévisions.	Gilles Jacquier	French
native language	Peter Hintze (born 25 April 1950 in Honnef) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and since 2013 Vice President of the Bundestag.	Peter Hintze	German
native language	Valérie Pécresse (French pronunciation: ​(valeʁi peˈkʁɛs); born 14 July 1967 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French politician.	Valérie Pécresse	French
native language	Daniel Mesguich (born July 15, 1952) is a French-Algerian actor and director in theater and opera, and professor of stage acting school.	Daniel Mesguich	French
native language	Peter Ramsauer (born 10 February 1954) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU) who served as the Federal Minister of Transport, Building and Urban Development in the Second Merkel cabinet.	Peter Ramsauer	German
native language	Odette Laure (28 February 1917 -- 10 June 2004) was a French actress and cabaret singer.	Odette Laure	French
native language	Helga Guitton (born 18 December 1942) is a German radio and television presenter.	Helga Guitton	German
native language	Philip Astley (8 January 1742 -- 27 January 1814) was an English equestrian, circus owner, and inventor, regarded as being the ``father of the modern circus''.	Philip Astley	English
native language	Claude Alphonse Delangle (6 April 1797 -- 25 December 1869) was a French magistrate and politician.	Claude Alphonse Delangle	French
native language	Didier Haudepin (born 15 August 1951) is a French actor, film producer, director and screenwriter.	Didier Haudepin	French
native language	Maurice Bardèche (1 October 1907 -- 30 July 1998) was a French essayist, literary and art critic, journalist, and one of the leading exponents of neo-fascism in post--	Maurice Bardèche	French
native language	Jean-Michel Mension (24 September 1934 -- 6 May 2006) was a French radical active in the Lettrist International, from which he was expelled as ``merely decorative'', and the Ligue Communiste.	Jean-Michel Mension	French
native language	Bruno Gollnisch (born 28 January 1950 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) is a French academic and politician, a member of the National Front (FN) far-right party, and a member of the European Parliament.	Bruno Gollnisch	French
native language	Yves Mourousi (20 July 1942 in Suresnes, Hauts-de-Seine -- 7 April 1998 in Paris) was a French television and radio news presenter and journalist.	Yves Mourousi	French
native language	Valentine de Saint-Point (born Anna Jeanne Valentine Marianne Glans de Cessiat-Vercell; 16 February 1875, Lyon - died 28 March 1953, Cairo), was a woman of letters and a French artist.	Valentine de Saint-Point	French
native language	Nicolas Bergasse (born 24 January 1750 in Lyon - died 28 May 1832 in Paris) was a French lawyer, philosopher, and politician, whose activity was mainly carried out during the beginning of the French Revolution during its early Monarchiens phase.	Nicolas Bergasse	French
native language	Laurence Grivot (born Marie Laurent, 1843, Versailles -- died 5 June 1890, Thomery) was a French operetta singer and actress.	Laurence Grivot	French
native language	Macha Méril (born Princess Maria-Magdalena Vladimirovna Gagarina on 3 September 1940, Rabat, Morocco) is a French actress and writer.	Macha Méril	French
native language	Pierre-Antoine Lebrun (French pronunciation: ​(pjɛʁ ɑ̃twan ləbʁœ̃); 29 November 1785 -- 27 May 1873) was a French poet.	Pierre-Antoine Lebrun	French
native language	Honorat de Bueil, seigneur de Racan (sometimes mistakenly listed as ``marquis de Racan'', although he never held this title) (5 February 1589 -- 21 January 1670) was a French aristocrat, soldier, poet, dramatist and (original) member of the Académie française.	Honorat de Bueil, seigneur de Racan	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste Grivel (1778-1869), was a French naval officer and naval writer.	Jean-Baptiste Grivel	French
native language	Kjell Stefan Löfven (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈsteːfan lœˈveːn); born 21 July 1957) is a Swedish politician who has been the Prime Minister of Sweden since 2014 and the Leader of the Social Democrats since 2012.	Stefan Löfven	Swedish
native language	Anne Louise Germaine de Staël-Holstein (French: (stal); 22 April 1766 -- 14 July 1817), commonly known as Madame de Staël, was a French woman of letters of Swiss origin whose lifetime overlapped with the events of the French Revolution and the Napoleonic era.	Germaine de Staël	French
native language	Raymond Guilliod (born November 10, 1919 in Saint-Claude, Guadeloupe, and died November 1, 2005) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1973 to 1981 .	Raymond Guilliod	French
native language	Jean-Michel Dubernard (French: (dybɛʁnaʁ); born Lyon, 17 May 1941) is a medical doctor specializing in transplant surgery, as well as a former Deputy in the French National Assembly.	Jean-Michel Dubernard	French
native language	Félix Gaillard d'Aimé (French: (feliks ɡajaʁ); 1919--1970) was a French Radical politician who served as Prime Minister under the Fourth Republic from 1957 to 1958.	Félix Gaillard	French
native language	Alain Robbe-Grillet (French: (a.lɛ̃ ʁɔb ɡʁi.jɛ); 18 August 1922 -- 18 February 2008) was a French writer and filmmaker.	Alain Robbe-Grillet	French
native language	Marcel Risse (born 17 December 1989) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1.	Marcel Risse	German
native language	Anne Vernon (born 7 January 1924), born Edith Antoinette Alexandrine Vignaud, is a French actress.	Anne Vernon	French
native language	Élise Lucet (born 30 May 1963 in Rouen (Seine-Maritime), France), is a French investigative journalist and television host.	Élise Lucet	French
native language	François-Xavier Ménage, also known as Francis Xavier, (born June 27, 1980) is a French journalist.	François-Xavier Ménage	French
native language	Claude Ribbe (born 13 October 1954) is a French writer, historian, philosopher and filmmaker of Caribbean origin.	Claude Ribbe	French
native language	Virginie Thévenet is a French actress, director and screenwriter born on January 12, 1957 in Paris.	Virginie Thévenet	French
native language	Alexandre Corréard (8 October 1788 -- 16 February 1857) was a French engineer and geographer.	Alexandre Corréard	French
native language	Luc Andrieux (1917--1977) was a French actor and Assistant Director.	Luc Andrieux	French
native language	Jean-François Davy (born 3 May 1945) is a French film producer, director, screenwriter and actor.	Jean-François Davy	French
native language	Hans Hugo Klein (born 5 August 1936 in Karlsruhe) is a German politician, representative of the German Christian Democratic Union from 1983 to 1996 and was judge at the Constitutional Court.	Hans Hugo Klein	German
native language	Eugène Brands (January 15, 1913 - January 15, 2002 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch painter.	Eugène Brands	Dutch
native language	Vanessa Duriès, also known as Katia Lamara (1972 -- December 13, 1993) was a French novelist.	Vanessa Duriès	French
native language	Franck Proust (born 2 May 1963, in Poitiers) is a French politician of the Union for a Popular Movement and member of the European Parliament since 2011, first vice-chair of the French EPP Group delegation in the European Parliament.	Franck Proust	French
native language	Laurent Hilaire (born November 8, 1962) is a French ballet dancer.	Laurent Hilaire	French
native language	Maïwenn (sometimes credited as Maïwenn Besco or her birth name Maïwenn Le Besco (maj'wɛn lə bɛsˈko); born 17 April 1976) is a French actress, film director and screenwriter.	Maïwenn	French
native language	André Héléna (8 April 1919 - 18 November 1972) was a French writer who spent most of his life in Leucate (southern France) on the mediterranean coast.	André Héléna	French
native language	Walter Savage Landor (30 January 1775 -- 17 September 1864) was an English writer and poet.	Walter Savage Landor	English
native language	Louise Rosalie Allan-Despreaux (1810 -- March 1856) was a noted French actress.	Louise Rosalie Allan-Despreaux	French
native language	Joseph Peyré (13 March 1892 in Aydie (Pyrénées-Atlantiques) -- 26 December 1968 in Cannes) was a French writer.	Joseph Peyré	French
native language	Jacques Alexandre Bixio (20 November 1808 -- 16 December 1865) was a French doctor, balloonist, and politician of Italian origin.	Jacques Alexandre Bixio	French
native language	Henry Chapier (born 14 November 1933) is a French journalist, film critic, television presenter and feature film director.	Henry Chapier	French
native language	Sara Coleridge (23 December 1802 -- 3 May 1852) was an English author and translator.	Sara Coleridge	English
native language	Pieter verLoren van Themaat (16 March 1916 -- 4 July 2004) was a Dutch law professor, civil service worker, and Advocate-General of the European Court of Justice.	Pieter verLoren van Themaat	Dutch
native language	Christian Baldauf (August 9, 1967 in Frankenthal) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (Germany) and former opposition leader in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Christian Baldauf	German
native language	Gérard Lhéritier (born 21 June 1948, Nice, France) is a French manuscript dealer.	Gérard Lhéritier	French
native language	Maïa Simon (10 November 1939 - 19 September 2007) was a French film and television actress.	Maïa Simon	French
native language	Jürgen Klute (born in Bünde on 18 October 1953) is a German politician, social pastor, and co-publisher.	Jürgen Klute	German
native language	Claire Etcherelli (born 1934 in Bordeaux) is a French novelist who has won Femina Prize	Claire Etcherelli	French
native language	Julienne Mathieu was one of the earliest French silent film actresses who appeared mostly in French silents between 1905 and 1909.	Julienne Mathieu	French
native language	Martin Lamotte (born 2 June 1947) is a French actor, comedian and director.	Martin Lamotte	French
native language	Raphaël Milliès-Lacroix (4 December 1850 -- 12 October 1941) was a French draper and politician from Dax, Landes, in the southwest of the country.	Raphaël Milliès-Lacroix	French
native language	Nacer Bouhanni (born 25 July 1990) is a French professional racing cyclist, who rides for UCI ProTeam Cofidis.	Nacer Bouhanni	French
native language	Jean Vauquelin de la Fresnaye (or de La Fresnaye) (1536--1608) was a French poet born at the château of La Fresnaye-au-Sauvage in Normandy in 1536.	Jean Vauquelin de la Fresnaye	French
native language	Jean-Jacques-François Le Barbier (born in Rouen November 11, 1738 -- died in Paris May 7, 1826) was a writer, illustrator and painter of French history.	Jean-Jacques-François Le Barbier	French
native language	Maxence Caron (born in 1976) is a French writer, poet, philosopher and musicologist.	Maxence Caron	French
native language	Benjamin Franklin Wedekind (July 24, 1864 -- March 9, 1918), usually known as Frank Wedekind, was a German playwright.	Frank Wedekind	German
native language	Nicolas Bataille (March 14 1926--October 28 2008) was a French comedian and director.	Nicolas Bataille	French
native language	Patrick de Carolis (born 19 November 1953) is a French TV journalist and writer.	Patrick de Carolis	French
native language	Jacob Moleschott (9 August 1822 -- 20 May 1893) was a Dutch physiologist and writer on dietetics.	Jacob Moleschott	Dutch
native language	Jaime Semprun (26 July 1947 -- 3 August 2010) was a French essayist and translator.	Jaime Semprun	French
native language	Elisabet Avramidou Granlund, known professionally as Elli Avram (born 29 July 1990) is a Swedish Greek actress and is now based in Mumbai, India.	Elli Avram	Swedish
native language	Furhgill Zeldenrust (born 21 July 1989 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Eerste Divisie club FC Den Bosch.	Furhgill Zeldenrust	Dutch
native language	Bernard Tiphaine (born July 27, 1938 in Paris) is a French actor.	Bernard Tiphaine	French
native language	Coenraad van Beuningen (1622 -- Amsterdam, 26 October 1693) was the Dutch Republic's most experienced diplomat, burgomaster of Amsterdam in 1669, 1672, 1680, 1681, 1683 and 1684, and from 1681 a Dutch East India Company director.	Coenraad van Beuningen	Dutch
native language	Adhémar Leclère (12 May 1853 -- 16 March 1917) was a French diplomat, economist, politician and ethnologist.	Adhémar Leclère	French
native language	François Ignace Schaal, born and baptized on 5 December 1747 in Colmar (Alsace) and died on 30 August 1833 at Sélestat (Bas-Rhin), was a French general and statesman of the French Revolutionary Wars and the First Empire.	François Ignace Schaal	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste Poquelin, known by his stage name Molière (/moʊlˈjɛər/; French: (mɔ.ljɛːʁ); 15 January 1622 -- 17 February 1673), was a French playwright and actor who is considered to be one of the greatest masters of comedy in Western literature.	Molière	French
native language	Bruno Durieux, born October 23, 1944 in Montigny, Sarthe is a French politician.	Bruno Durieux	French
native language	Françoise de Panafieu (born 12 December 1948 at Moyeuvre-Grande) is a French politician, member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) party and mayor of the 17th arrondissement of Paris.	Françoise de Panafieu	French
native language	Édouard Joseph Dantan (Paris 26 August 1848 -- 7 July 1897) was a French painter in the classical tradition.	Édouard Joseph Dantan	French
native language	Tobias Pflüger (born on 1 February 1965 in Stuttgart) is a German politician and former Member of the European Parliament (2004 - 2009).	Tobias Pflüger	German
native language	Jean-Jacques Bernard (30 July 1888 -- 14 September 1972) was a French playwright and the chief representative of what became known as l’école du silence or, as some critics called it, the art of the unexpressed, in which the dialogue does not express the characters'' real attitudes.	Jean-Jacques Bernard	French
native language	Pierre Frondaie (born Albert René Fraudet) (25 April 1884 -- 25 September 1948) was a French poet, novelist, and playwright.	Pierre Frondaie	French
native language	Ana Botella Serrano (born 23 July 1953) is a Spanish politician belonging to the Spanish People's Party and Mayor of Madrid from December 2011 to June 2015.	Ana Botella	Spanish
native language	Isaac de Benserade (French: (bɛ̃.sʁad); baptized November 5, 1613 -- October 10, 1691) was a French poet.	Isaac de Benserade	French
native language	Joseph Julien Casimir Mange, known as José Mange (10 October 1866, Toulon - 7 January 1935, Toulon) was a French Impressionist landscape painter and Occitan poet who was a member of the Félibrige.	José Mange	French
native language	Ilarie Voronca (pen name of Eduard Marcus; 31 December 1903, Brăila--8 April 1946, Paris) was a Romanian-French avant-garde poet and essayist.	Ilarie Voronca	French
native language	Pierre-François-Joseph Robert (French: (ʁɔbɛʁ); 21 January 1763 -- 13 April 1826) was a French lawyer, politician and professor of public law at the société philosophique, journalist.	Pierre-François-Joseph Robert	French
native language	Pom Klementieff was born on May 3, 1986, in Quebec City to a Korean mother and French-Russian father, who was working there as a consul with the French government.	Pom Klementieff	French
native language	Marina Schuster (born 23 September 1975) is a German politician of the liberal Free Democratic Party.	Marina Schuster	German
native language	Judith Vittet is a French actress who played ``Miette'' in La Cité des enfants perdus (English: The City of Lost Children) (1995).	Judith Vittet	French
native language	Robert Navarro (born 1 May 1952 in Cuxac-d'Aude, Aude) is a French politician and French Senator representing Hérault.	Robert Navarro	French
native language	Herman Diederiks (9 October 1937, Rotterdam -- 11 August 1995, Ardèche) was a Dutch historian who specialized in crime and justice history in the Netherlands.	Herman Diederiks	Dutch
native language	Florence Delay (born 19 March 1941 in Paris) is a French academician and actress.	Florence Delay	French
native language	Nicolas Bergier (French: (bɛʁʒje)), Avocat au Siège Présidial de Rheims, lived in 17th-century Rheims and became interested in Roman roads there.	Nicolas Bergier	French
native language	Sholem Asch (Yiddish: שלום אַש‎), also written Shalom Asch or simply Shalom Ash (1 November 1880 -- 10 July 1957), was a Polish-Jewish novelist, dramatist, and essayist in the Yiddish language that settled in the United States.	Sholem Asch	Yiddish
native language	François Paul Jules Grévy (French pronunciation: ​(ʒyl ɡʁevi); 15 August 1807 -- 9 September 1891) was a President of the French Third Republic and one of the leaders of the Opportunist Republicans faction.	Jules Grévy	French
native language	Johann Christian Friedrich Hölderlin (German: (ˈjoːhan ˈkʁɪsti.aːn ˈfʁiːdʁɪç ˈhœldɐliːn); 20 March 1770 -- 7 June 1843) was a major German lyric poet, commonly associated with the artistic movement known as Romanticism.	Friedrich Hölderlin	German
native language	Georg Leber (7 October 1920 -- 21 August 2012) was a German Trades Union leader and a politician in the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).	Georg Leber	German
native language	Nicole Tourneur (9 August 1950 -- 14 May 2011) was a French novelist.	Nicole Tourneur	French
native language	Dr Hans Mühlenfeld (11 September 1901 -- 14 October 1969) was a German politician and diplomat who served as the second Ambassador to Australia and Ambassador to the Netherlands.	Hans Mühlenfeld	German
native language	Nicola Boem (born 27 September 1989) is an Italian racing cyclist.	Nicola Boem	Italian
native language	Pascal Thomas (born 2 April 1945) is a French screenwriter and film director.	Pascal Thomas	French
native language	Désiré Dalloz (12 August 1795 -- 12 January 1869) was a French jurist, politician and publisher.	Désiré Dalloz	French
native language	Louis Jacques Napoléon Bertrand, better known by his pen name Aloysius Bertrand (20 April 1807 -- 29 April 1841), was a French Romantic poet, playwright and journalist.	Aloysius Bertrand	French
native language	Gert Weisskirchen (or Weißkirchen; born 16 May 1944 in Heidelberg) is a German politician (Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD)).	Gert Weisskirchen	German
native language	Christian Poncelet (born 24 March 1928) is a conservative French politician.	Christian Poncelet	French
native language	William Warburton (24 December 1698 -- 7 June 1779) was an English writer, literary critic and churchman, Bishop of Gloucester from 1759 until his death.	William Warburton	English
native language	Mila Parély (7 October 1917 -- 14 January 2012) was a French actress of Polish ancestry best known for the roles of Belle's sister in Jean Cocteau's La Belle et la Bête and as Geneviève in La Règle du jeu.	Mila Parély	French
native language	Catherine Spaak (born 3 April 1945) is a French-Italian actress and singer.	Catherine Spaak	French
native language	Heinrich Philipp Konrad Henke (July 3, 1752 -- May 2, 1809), German theologian, best known as a writer on church history, was born at Hehlen, Brunswick-Lüneburg.	Heinrich Philipp Konrad Henke	German
native language	Jacques-René Tenon (February 21, 1724 - January 16, 1816) was a French surgeon born near the town of Joigny.	Jacques-René Tenon	French
native language	Renée Dunan (Avignon, 1892--1936), was a French writer, critic and poet.	Renée Dunan	French
native language	Kim Yeong-hyeon (The romanization preferred by the author according to LTI Korea) is a modern Korean poet, novelist and publisher.	Kim Yeong-hyeon	Korean
native language	Alexander Bonde (born 12 January 1975 in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German politician for Alliance '90/The Greens.	Alexander Bonde	German
native language	Jean Julien known as Julien of Toulouse (1750 in Nîmes -- 1828) was a deputy to the National Convention and a political figure in the French Revolution.	Julien of Toulouse	French
native language	Jacques Hardion (17 October 1686, Tours -- 2 October 1766, Versailles) was a French historian, scholar and translator from ancient Greek.	Jacques Hardion	French
native language	Philippe-Joseph-Benjamin Buchez (1796--1865), more commonly called Philippe Buchez, was a French historian, sociologist, and politician.	Philippe Buchez	French
native language	Romane Bohringer (born 14 August 1973) is a French actress, film director, screenwriter and costume designer.	Romane Bohringer	French
native language	Bart van der Leck (26 November 1876, Utrecht - 13 November 1958, Blaricum) was a Dutch painter, designer, and ceramacist.	Bart van der Leck	Dutch
native language	Olivier Da Lage (born in 1957, Saint-Cloud, France) is a French journalist.	Olivier Da Lage	French
native language	Blanche Gardin is a French actress and writer.	Blanche Gardin	French
native language	Markus Ferber (born 15 January 1965 in Augsburg, Bavaria) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Bavaria.	Markus Ferber	German
native language	Martine Billard (born October 7, 1952 in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French politician and a deputy to the National Assembly of France.	Martine Billard	French
native language	Marie Françoise Sophie Gay (born Nichault de la Valette in Paris, 1 July 1776 -- 2 March 1852 was a French author, born in Paris.	Sophie Gay	French
native language	André Fontaine (30 March 1921 -- 17 March 2013) was a French historian and journalist.	André Fontaine	French
native language	Alain Borer (born 1949 in Luxeuil), is a French poet, art critic, essayist, novelist, playwright, writer-traveler, signatory of the Littérature-monde (world literature) manifesto, and eminent authority on the works of Arthur Rimbaud.	Alain Borer	French
native language	Christophe Malavoy, born 21 March 1952 in Reutlingen, (Germany), is a French actor.	Christophe Malavoy	French
native language	René de Marmande (1 January 1875 -- 22 October 1949) was a French journalist and anarchist.	René de Marmande	French
native language	Jean-Christophe Bouvet (born 1947) is a French actor, film director and writer.	Jean-Christophe Bouvet	French
native language	Maurice Satineau (born September 18, 1891 in Baie Mahault, Guadeloupe, and died September 13, 1960 in Paris) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French Senate from 1948-1958 and the French National Assembly from 1936-1942 .	Maurice Satineau	French
native language	Adolphe de Leuven (1800 -- 14 April 1884) was a French theatre director and a librettist.	Adolphe de Leuven	French
native language	Marie-France Stirbois (born Marie-France Charles on 11 November 1944 in Paris, died 17 April 2006 in Nice of cancer) was a French National Front politician, representing Dreux from 1989 to 1993, and a Member of the European Parliament from 1994 to 1999 and from 2003 to 2004.	Marie-France Stirbois	French
native language	Paul Lücke (13 November 1914 in Schönborn, Rhine Province -- 10 August 1976) was a German politician and civil servant.	Paul Lücke	German
native language	Claude Louis Séraphin Barizain (December 6, 1783 -- 1843) was a French actor, known as Monrose.	Claude Louis Séraphin Barizain	French
native language	Hendrik Hondius I, Henricus Hondius I or Hendrik Hondius the Elder (Latinised form of 'Hendrik de Hondt', first name also spelled: 'Hendrick') (1573--1650), was a Flemish-born and trained engraver, cartographer and publisher who settled in the Dutch Republic in 1597.	Hendrik Hondius I	Dutch
native language	Boris Šprem (pronounced (boris ʃperm); 14 April 1956 -- 30 September 2012) was a Croatian politician who was Speaker of the Croatian Parliament from 2011 to 2012.	Boris Šprem	Croatian
native language	Baron Georges-Charles de Heeckeren d'Anthès (5 February 1812 -- 2 November 1895) was a French military officer and politician.	Georges-Charles de Heeckeren d'Anthès	French
native language	Jean Levy known as Jean Ferry (1906 -- 1974) was a French writer and follower of the 'pataphysical tradition'.	Jean Ferry	French
native language	Benjamin Péret (4 July 1899 -- 18 September 1959) was a French poet, Parisian Dadaist and a founder and central member of the French Surrealist movement with his avid use of Surrealist automatism.	Benjamin Péret	French
native language	Alain de Benoist (French: (də bənwa); born 11 December 1943) is a French academic, philosopher, a founder of the Nouvelle Droite (New Right), and head of the French think tank GRECE.	Alain de Benoist	French
native language	Marlène Jobert (born 4 November 1940) is a French actress, singer and author.	Marlène Jobert	French
native language	Guy Béhart-Hasson (French: (beaʁ); 16 July 1930 -- 16 September 2015), known as Guy Béart, was a French singer and songwriter.	Guy Béart	French
native language	François Falc'hun (20 April 1901 -- 13 January 1991) was a controversial French linguist known for his theories about the origin of the Breton language.	François Falc'hun	French
native language	Charles Gérard (born 1 December 1926) is a French actor and director of Armenian origin.	Charles Gérard	French
native language	F. Springer (15 January 1932 -- 7 November 2011) was the pseudonym of Carel Jan Schneider, a Dutch foreign service diplomat and writer.	F. Springer	Dutch
native language	Henry Kirke White (21 March 1785 -- 19 October 1806) was an English poet, who died at a young age.	Henry Kirke White	English
native language	Louis Pierre Édouard, Baron Bignon (3 January 1771, La Mailleraye-sur-Seine -- 6 January 1841) was a French diplomat and historian.	Louis Pierre Édouard, Baron Bignon	French
native language	Alfred Kubel (25 May 1909 in Braunschweig -- 22 May 1999 in Bad Pyrmont) was a German politician; in his later career, he was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.	Alfred Kubel	German
native language	Stefan Dittrich (28 June 1912 -- 5 February 1988) was a German politician, who represented Deggendorf for the Christian Social Union of Bavaria.	Stefan Dittrich	German
native language	Jean de La Ville de Mirmont (2 December 1886 -- 28 November 1914) was a French poet who died at the age of 27 defending his country during World War I, at Verneuil.	Jean de La Ville de Mirmont	French
native language	Philippe Richert (born 22 May 1953) is a French politician of The Republicans party (known as the Union for a Popular Movement until 2015) and the current president of the regional council of Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine.	Philippe Richert	French
native language	Gabriel Naudé (2 February 1600 -- 10 July 1653) was a French librarian and scholar.	Gabriel Naudé	French
native language	Hippolyte-Julien-Joseph Lucas (20 December 1807, Rennes -- 16 November 1878, Paris) was a French writer and critic whose literary output was largely centered on theatre and opera.	Hippolyte-Julien-Joseph Lucas	French
native language	Roland Vogt (German: ( foːkt); born 17 February 1941) is a German politician.	Roland Vogt	German
occupation	Jon de Cortina Garaigorta, S.J. (Bilbao, December 8, 1934 -- Guatemala City, December 12, 2005) was a Jesuit priest, engineer, and activist, founder of Pro-Búsqueda, an organization dedicated to searching for the missing children of the Salvadoran Civil War.	Jon de Cortina	engineer
occupation	Webster Wagner (October 2, 1817 -- January 13, 1882) was an American inventor, manufacturer and politician from New York.	Webster Wagner	politician
occupation	Prince Maciej Radziwiłł (Lithuanian: Motiejus Radvila) (November 10, 1749 -- September 2, 1800) was a Polish-Lithuanian noble (szlachcic), composer and librettist.	Maciej Radziwiłł	composer	librettist
occupation	Ian Cuttler Sala (1971--2014) was a Mexican art director, photographer and graphic design artist.	Ian Cuttler	art director	photographer
occupation	Syrianus (Ancient Greek: Συριανός, Syrianos; died c. 437) was a Greek Neoplatonist philosopher, and head of Plato's Academy in Athens, succeeding his teacher Plutarch of Athens in 431/432.	Syrianus	philosopher
occupation	Jennie Franks is an English photographer, actress, and playwright.	Jennie Franks	photographer
occupation	Keff McCulloch is an English composer best known for his electronic music for Doctor Who in the late 1980s.	Keff McCulloch	composer
occupation	Martin Schenkel (25 April 1968 -- 27 March 2003) was a Swiss television actor and musician starring usually in Swiss German television productions.	Martin Schenkel	actor
occupation	Brett Manning is an American vocal coach and singer.	Brett Manning	singer
occupation	Jerome Vered (born March 13, 1958) is a Studio City, California writer, publicly known for his record-setting success as a contestant on the U.S. television game show Jeopardy!	Jerome Vered	writer
occupation	Mario Alberto Domínguez Zarzar (born January 22, 1977), known professionally as Mario Domm, is a Mexican pop singer and songwriter.	Mario Domm	singer
occupation	Robin Hoffmann (born February 18, 1984) is a German composer, orchestrator and arranger.	Robin Hoffmann	composer
occupation	Zofia Romer (February 16, 1885 -- August 23, 1972), née Zofia Dembowska was a Polish painter.	Zofia Romer	painter
occupation	H. Winnett Orr (March 17, 1877 -- October 11, 1956) was an orthopedic surgeon who was born in Pennsylvania, raised and lived the rest of his life in Nebraska.	H. Winnett Orr	surgeon
occupation	Miki Antony (born Michael Antony Derrick) is a British singer, composer, record producer and property developer.	Miki Antony	composer
occupation	Erik Rico is an American born musician, singer, songwriter, producer, and DJ.	Erik Rico	singer, songwriter
occupation	Paul Tan is a Malaysian motoring journalist.	Paul Tan	journalist
occupation	Ida Glanzmann is a Swiss politician and current Vice President of the Christian Democratic People's Party.	Ida Glanzmann	politician
occupation	Fred J. Doocy (born May 5, 1913) is an American politician and banker.	Fred J. Doocy	politician
occupation	Joshua Solomon Jeremiah Jordan (born January 9, 1983), better known by his stage name, Never Yet Contested, is an American rapper, artist, songwriter, and record producer.	Never Yet Contested	rapper
occupation	Francisco Llamas (active 1700) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period, active in Madrid.	Francisco Llamas	painter
occupation	Michelle Vizzuso (born April 13, 1977 in Fairfield Township, Essex County, New Jersey) is an American former field hockey player who made her international senior debut for the Women's National Team in 1997.	Michelle Vizzuso	field hockey player
occupation	Terry Cafolla is an award-winning Northern Irish screenwriter.	Terry Cafolla	screenwriter
occupation	Corinne Vanier is a former professional tennis player who won the 1981 French Open Women's doubles championship with Sophie Amiach and played on the WTA tour.	Corinne Vanier	tennis player
occupation	Peter J. Wallison (born June 6, 1941) is a lawyer and the Arthur F. Burns Fellow in Financial Policy Studies at the American Enterprise Institute.	Peter J. Wallison	lawyer
occupation	Michelle Rifenberg (born January 30, 1957) is an American politician and homemaker.	Michelle Rifenberg	politician
occupation	Rich Orloff is a playwright living in New York.	Rich Orloff	playwright
occupation	Domenico Morgante (born January 21, 1956) is an Italian musicologist, organist and harpsichordist.	Domenico Morgante	musicologist
occupation	Brian Brinkley (born 28 December 1953) is an English former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympic Games, FINA world championships and European championships, and England in the Commonwealth Games, during the 1970s.	Brian Brinkley	swimmer
occupation	Andrea Gibb (born in Greenock, Scotland) is a Scottish screenwriter and actress.	Andrea Gibb	screenwriter
occupation	Denis Perron (November 22, 1938 -- April 23, 1997) was Canadian politician, who represented the riding of Duplessis in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1976 to 1997.	Denis Perron	politician
occupation	After retiring from competitions Bernd Landvoigt worked as a rowing coach, first at his club SG Dynamo Potsdam and later with the national team.	Bernd Landvoigt	rowing coach
occupation	Robert Paul Brown (b. July 5, 1876, Glencoe, Iowa; d. June 17, 1962, Vancouver, British Columbia), commonly called ``Bob'', was a professional baseball player, manager, and team owner.	Robert Paul Brown	baseball player
occupation	Professor Yarlagadda Lakshmi Prasad M.A., Ph.D. in Hindi and Telugu, is an Indian writer and politician.	Yarlagadda Lakshmi Prasad	politician
occupation	Emilio Bacardi Moreau (1844--1922) was a Cuban industrialist, politician, and writer who managed the Bacardi Rum Company and served as mayor of Santiago.	Emilio Bacardi	politician
occupation	Nicolas Berejny (born June 27, 1968) is a French alpine skier and 3-time Paralympic Champion.	Nicolas Berejny	alpine skier
occupation	George Wilbur Peck (September 28, 1840 -- April 16, 1916) was an American writer and politician from Wisconsin.	George Wilbur Peck	politician
occupation	Christophe-Alphonse Geoffrion, PC (November 23, 1843 -- July 18, 1899) was a Canadian lawyer, professor, and politician.	Christophe-Alphonse Geoffrion	lawyer	politician
occupation	Moses ter Borch (1645--1667) was a Dutch Golden Age painter, whose work mostly consists of drawings.	Moses ter Borch	painter
occupation	William Henry Moody (December 23, 1853 -- July 2, 1917) was an American politician and jurist, who held positions in all three branches of the Government of the United States.	William Henry Moody	politician
occupation	S. Charles Lee (September 5, 1899 - January 27, 1990) was an American architect recognized as one of the most prolific and distinguished motion picture theater designers on the West Coast.	S. Charles Lee	architect
occupation	The Association of Artists of Bosnia and Herzegovina named its gallery, opened in 1980, Galerija Roman Petrović in honour of the painter.	Roman Petrović	painter
occupation	George Duran (born George Kevork Guldalian on January 13, 1975) is a Venezuelan born American chef and entertainer who is currently a spokesman in commercials for Hunt's tomatoes.	George Duran	chef
occupation	Malik Amin Aslam is a Pakistani politician of Awan ethnicity.	Malik Amin Aslam	politician
occupation	Peter Telep (born April 8, 1965) is an American author, screenwriter, and educator.	Peter Telep	screenwriter
occupation	Zbigniew Wawer is a Polish historian, specializing in Polish military history in World War II. He is the author of several books, articles, and documentaries.	Zbigniew Wawer	historian
occupation	Wenlan Chia (賈雯蘭) is a Taipei-born American fashion designer and creator of the line, Twinkle by Wenlan, which she launched in 2000.	Wenlan Chia	fashion designer
occupation	İlhan Selçuk (March 11, 1925 -- June 21, 2010) was a Turkish lawyer, journalist, author, novelist and editor.	İlhan Selçuk	journalist	author
occupation	Megan Hayes is an award-winning actor and writer.	Megan Hayes	actor
occupation	David H. Wells is a freelance publication photographer and video maker.	David H. Wells	photographer
occupation	Olly Blackburn (also credited as Oliver Blackburn and Ollie Blackburn) is a film director and screenwriter.	Olly Blackburn	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Antoine Reed (born December 24, 1987), is an American rapper better known by his stage name Sir Michael Rocks or Mikey Rocks.	Sir Michael Rocks	rapper
occupation	Jay Douglas (born May 21, 1988) is an American actor, director, artist, and business entrepreneur.	Jay Douglas	actor
occupation	Marc Dalton is a Canadian politician, who was elected as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election, representing the riding of Maple Ridge-Mission by 68 votes.	Marc Dalton	politician
occupation	Paul Cushing Child (January 15, 1902 -- May 12, 1994) was an American civil servant and diplomat.	Paul Cushing Child	diplomat
occupation	Jayant Kripalani is an Indian film, television and stage actor, director and trainer.	Jayant Kripalani	actor
occupation	Harry Barris (November 24, 1905 -- December 13, 1962) was an American popular singer and songwriter, and is one of the earliest singers to use ``scat singing'' in recordings.	Harry Barris	singer and songwriter
occupation	Lü Yue (simplified Chinese: 吕乐; traditional Chinese: 呂樂) (born 1957) is a Chinese cinematographer and film director.	Lü Yue	cinematographer	film director
occupation	Ben Jukich is a former minor league baseball player who played for the LG Twins in Korea.	Ben Jukich	baseball player
occupation	Harry Sinclair is a film director, writer, and actor.	Harry Sinclair	film director	actor
occupation	Born into a family of an orchestral musician, Ilya Kaler showed enormous talent from an early age.	Ilya Kaler	musician
occupation	George Botsford (February 24, 1874 -- February 11, 1949) was an American composer of ragtime and other forms of music.	George Botsford	composer
occupation	Niobe Thompson is a Canadian anthropologist and documentary film maker.	Niobe Thompson	anthropologist
occupation	Ali Hussain Rizvi (Urdu: علی حسین رضوی) (born January 6, 1974, Karachi) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test in 1997.	Ali Hussain Rizvi	cricketer
occupation	Carl Olof Rosenius (February 3, 1816 -- February 24, 1868) was a Swedish preacher, author and editor of the monthly Pietisten (The Pietist) from 1842 to 1868.	Carl Olof Rosenius	preacher
occupation	Chris Hondros (March 14, 1970 -- April 20, 2011) was an American war photographer.	Chris Hondros	war photographer
occupation	Peet Poillon (born May 21, 1987 in La Jolla, California) is a professional lacrosse player who currently plays for the Chesapeake Bayhawks of Major League Lacrosse a Re-Peet of sorts.	Peet Poillon	lacrosse player
occupation	Eric Paulos is an American computer scientist, artist (working in new media art), and inventor, best known for his early work on internet robotic teleoperation and is considered a founder of the field of Urban Computing.	Eric Paulos	computer scientist
occupation	Mace Greenleaf (December 8, 1872 -- March 23, 1912) was an American stage and silent film actor.	Mace Greenleaf	actor
occupation	Jean-Baptiste Kiéthéga is an archeologist and historian from Upper Volta, currently Burkina Faso.	Jean-Baptiste Kiéthéga	historian
occupation	Jarboe (/ˈdʒɑrboʊ/; also known as Jane Jarboe, and the Living Jarboe; born Jarboe La Salle Devereaux) is an American singer-songwriter and keyboardist who came to prominence as a member of the New York City-based band Swans in 1985.	Jarboe	singer
occupation	Cuthbert Johnson (born 11 July 1946) is a British musician, liturgist and former Benedictine abbot.	Cuthbert Johnson	abbot
occupation	Giovanna Bassi was born in Italy as the daughter of the Italian ballet dancer Angela Bassi.	Giovanna Bassi	ballet dancer
occupation	William Travilla (March 22, 1920 -- November 2, 1990), who went by the professional name of Travilla, was an American costume designer for theatre, film, and television.	William Travilla	costume designer
occupation	The Canadian Lawyer magazine rated Angelo Branca as the most famous criminal defense lawyer in Canada's history.	Angelo Branca	lawyer
occupation	Umberto Verdirosi is a painter, actor, sculptor and poet who was born in Piedmont in northern Italy.	Umberto Verdirosi	painter
occupation	Rachel Berger is an Australian comedian, actor, and writer.	Rachel Berger	comedian
occupation	Yuval Ron (Hebrew: יובל רון‎) is an award-winning world music artist, composer, educator, peace activist, and record producer.	Yuval Ron	composer
occupation	Maria Clara Eimmart (1676--1707), was a German astronomer, engraver and designer.	Maria Clara Eimmart	astronomer
occupation	Gil Shefler is an Israeli journalist covering the Jewish world for The Jerusalem Post.	Gil Shefler	journalist
occupation	Jerry Van Amerongen is a cartoonist based in the United States.	Jerry Van Amerongen	cartoonist
occupation	Hardrada Harold Hume (June 10, 1875 -- October 10, 1965) was a Canadian-born American university professor, administrator and horticulturalist.	Harold Hume	university professor
occupation	Dorothy Jeanne Thompson (August 6, 1930 -- April 13, 1986), better known as Dorothy Ashby, was an American jazz harpist and composer.	Dorothy Ashby	composer
occupation	John Ella (1802-1888) was an English violinist and director of concerts.	John Ella	violinist
occupation	Francesco Calogero (born February 6, 1935) is an Italian physicist, active in the community of scientists concerned with nuclear disarmament.	Francesco Calogero	physicist
occupation	Dean DeLeo (born August 23, 1961 in Montclair, New Jersey) is an American guitarist known for his work with rock band Stone Temple Pilots.	Dean DeLeo	guitarist
occupation	David W. Dickinson (June 10, 1808 -- April 27, 1845) was an American politician who represented Tennessee's eighth district in the United States House of Representatives.	David W. Dickinson	politician
occupation	Chauncey Langdon (November 8, 1763 -- July 23, 1830) was an American politician, lawyer and judge.	Chauncey Langdon	politician	lawyer
occupation	François Audouy (born June 17, 1974) is a French-American movie production designer and art director.	François Audouy	art director
occupation	Jennifer Yee is an American chef, specializing in pastry.	Jennifer Yee	chef
occupation	J. Eliot B. Moss is a computer scientist active in the fields of garbage collection and multiprocessor synchronization.	J. Eliot B. Moss	computer scientist
occupation	R. William Patterson (July 28, 1908 -- June 18, 1994), a U.S. politician and member of the Democratic party, was mayor of Dayton, Ohio, from 1958 to 1962.	R. William Patterson	politician
occupation	Zheng Guo or Cheng Kuo (鄭國) was a hydraulic engineer from the ancient Chinese kingdom of Han who designed the Zhengguo Canal in the kingdom of Qin during the Warring States period.	Zheng Guo	engineer
occupation	Gaius Junius Donatus (fl. mid-third century) was a Roman politician, who was appointed consul twice, the second time in AD 260, during the Crisis of the Third Century.	Gaius Junius Donatus	politician
occupation	Nicoll Fosdick (November 9, 1785 New London, New London County, Connecticut -- May 7, 1868 New London, CT) was an American merchant and politician from New York.	Nicoll Fosdick	politician
occupation	Ellen Ruppel Shell (born 1952) is an American journalist, a correspondent for the Atlantic Monthly, and professor of science journalism at Boston University.	Ellen Ruppel Shell	journalist
occupation	Mary Ellen Childs (born April 13, 1957 in Lafayette, Indiana) is an American composer and multimedia artist and founder of the ensemble Crash.	Mary Ellen Childs	composer
occupation	Raymond Chrétien, OC (born May 20, 1942) is a Canadian lawyer and diplomat.	Raymond Chrétien	diplomat
occupation	Marshall Kilduff (born February 14, 1949) is a journalist currently writing for the San Francisco Chronicle.	Marshall Kilduff	journalist
occupation	Captain James Buchanan Eads (May 23, 1820 -- March 8, 1887) was a world-renowned American civil engineer and inventor, holding more than 50 patents.	James Buchanan Eads	civil engineer
occupation	Alexander Georgiyevich Gromov (in Russian: Александр Георгиевич Громов, b. May 19, 1947, in Odintsovo, Moscow Oblast, Soviet Union) is a Russian politician.	Alexander Georgiyevich Gromov	politician
occupation	Leonid Vaseršteĭn is a Russian-American mathematician, currently Professor of Mathematics at Penn State University.	Leonid Vaseršteĭn	mathematician
occupation	Clayton Bellamy is a Canadian singer/songwriter who performs country music.	Clayton Bellamy	singer
occupation	Seo Ju-hyun (born June 28, 1991), known professionally as Seohyun, is a South Korean singer and actress.	Seohyun	singer
occupation	Pedro José Figueroa was a Colombian portrait painter.	Pedro José Figueroa	painter
occupation	John F. Ince is an author, business journalist, documentary filmmaker, social entrepreneur, podcaster and nonprofit administrator.	John F. Ince	journalist
occupation	F. McGrew Willis was an American screenwriter of the silent and early sound film eras.	F. McGrew Willis	screenwriter
occupation	Claudius Agathemerus (Gr. Κλαύδιος Ἀγαθήμερος) was an ancient Greek physician who lived in the 1st century.	Claudius Agathemerus	physician
occupation	Elena Santarelli (born 18 August 1981) is an Italian model, television personality and actress.	Elena Santarelli	model
occupation	Dorence Atwater (February 3, 1845 -- November 26, 1910) was a Union Army soldier, merchant, entrepreneur, and United States Consul to Tahiti.	Dorence Atwater	entrepreneur
occupation	Tim Weidner is an engineer and producer, best known for his work with Trevor Horn.	Tim Weidner	engineer
occupation	Roscoe Shelton (August 22, 1931 -- July 27, 2002) was an American electric blues and R&B singer.	Roscoe Shelton	singer
occupation	Marian Turkowski (1894 - 1948) was a soldier of Polish Legions in World War I and Polish II Corps in Russia, and officer, later General brygady of the Polish Army.	Marian Turkowski	officer
occupation	Henrik Lacaj (1909-1991) was an Albanian humanitarian, linguist, and translator.	Henrik Lacaj	linguist
occupation	Fabian Månsson worked as a navvy and became active as a radical in the Social Democratic Party, for which he also worked as an agitator, a journalist and a poet.	Fabian Månsson	journalist
occupation	Michael Capuzzo (born on May 1, 1957) is an American journalist and author best known for his New York Times-bestselling nonfiction books The Murder Room and Close to Shore.	Michael Capuzzo	journalist
occupation	John Kimball (September 30, 1796 -- February 23, 1884) was a New Hampshire and Vermont attorney and politician who served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives and the Vermont House of Representatives.	John Kimball	politician
occupation	Marjorie Tipping MBE (1917--2009) was an Australian historian and patron of community services.	Marjorie Tipping	historian
occupation	Adam Barr is a television screenwriter and producer best known for his comedy credits, including the hit NBC series Will & Grace.	Adam Barr	screenwriter
occupation	Indu Banga is an Indian historian who specializes in the history of Punjab.	Indu Banga	historian
occupation	Herbert William Weekes (fl. 1864--1904) was a well-known British genre and animal painter of the Victorian Neoclassical period who specialized in portraying animals in humorous, human-like situations.	Herbert William Weekes	painter
occupation	D'Angelo Cherry (born August 1, 1990) is an American sprinter, who specialises in the 60, 100 and 200 meters.	D'Angelo Cherry	sprinter
occupation	George Rhoads (born January 27, 1926) is a contemporary American painter, sculptor, and origami master.	George Rhoads	sculptor
occupation	Tamara Barnett-Herrin is a London-based singer-songwriter, who has sung with the group Freeform Five on the album Strangest Things which was released in 2005.	Tamara Barnett-Herrin	singer-songwriter
occupation	Deepak Jaitoi (Punjabi: ਦੀਪਕ ਜੈਤੋਈ), also spelled as Deepak Jatoi, was a Punjabi Ghazal-writer as well as songwriter.	Deepak Jaitoi	songwriter
occupation	George Melendez Wright (June 20, 1904 -- February 25, 1936) was an American biologist who conducted the first scientific survey of fauna for the National Park Service.	George Melendez Wright	biologist
occupation	Matija Kluković (born May 4, 1982 in Zagreb, Croatia) is a young Croatian independent film director.	Matija Kluković	film director
occupation	Amber Sherlock (née Higlett) is an Australian journalist and television news presenter.	Amber Sherlock	journalist
occupation	Deborah L. Ruggiero (born April 2, 1958), commonly known as Deb Ruggiero, is an American radio personality and politician from Jamestown, Rhode Island.	Deb Ruggiero	politician
occupation	Abraham Han (born September 29, 1984 in El Paso, Texas) is a professional boxer in the Light Middleweight division and fought in the World Combat League.	Abraham Han	boxer
occupation	Humayun Farhat (Urdu: ہمایوں فرحت‎; born January 24, 1981 in Lahore) is a Pakistani cricketer.	Humayun Farhat	cricketer
occupation	Miles Long (born November 4, 1968) is an American pornographic film director and former pornographic actor.	Miles Long	film director	pornographic actor
occupation	C R Irani was a prominent Indian journalist and the Editor-in-Chief of The Statesman.	C R Irani	journalist
occupation	Richard Charles Hussey, always referred to as R.C. Hussey, was a British architect.	Richard Charles Hussey	architect
occupation	Micha Lindenstrauss (Hebrew: מיכה לינדנשטראוס‎) (born 1937) is an Israeli judge and the State Comptroller between 2005 and 2012.	Micha Lindenstrauss	judge
occupation	Ismael Rodríguez (October 19, 1917 -- August 7, 2004) was an acclaimed Mexican film director.	Ismael Rodríguez	film director
occupation	Josh Albee is an American television actor, known for his work as a child actor during the 1970s, and for the role as the young, mute boy Caleb in the feature film, Jeremiah Johnson.	Josh Albee	actor
occupation	Francis Loraine Petre OBE (1852--1925) was a British civil servant in India and a military historian upon his retirement.	Francis Loraine Petre	historian
occupation	Jesse M. Campbell (born October 9, 1977 in Twinsburg, Ohio) is an American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who earned the biggest win of his career on July 7, 2013 in the $1 million Queen's Plate aboard Midnight Aria at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario.	Jesse M. Campbell	jockey
occupation	Zalon Thompson (born 23 October 1983) is a British pop singer, songwriter and record producer, currently singing backing vocals known most famously for this work with Amy Winehouse as her lead singer, and featuring on her Grammy Award winning album, DVD and single.	Zalon	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Claude Beauchamp is a journalist, publisher, and political activist in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Claude Beauchamp	journalist
occupation	Douglas Schwartz is an American television screenwriter and series creator who, along with Michael Berk, worked as a writer on the television series Manimal, and multiple made for television movies.	Douglas Schwartz	screenwriter
occupation	Gregg Blikre (born December 8, 1949 in Wilson, North Dakota) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 53 since September 1, 2009, when he was appointed by the Campbell County Commission to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative Erin Mercer.	Gregg Blikre	politician
occupation	Predrag Rusevski (Macedonian: Предраг Русевски; born 3 August 1983) is a retired professional Macedonian tennis player.	Predrag Rusevski	tennis player
occupation	Richard Westenburg (April 26, 1932, Minneapolis - February 20, 2008, Norwalk, Connecticut) was a lauded American choral conductor.	Richard Westenburg	conductor
occupation	Wisit Sasanatieng (Thai: วิศิษฏ์ ศาสนเที่ยง; rtgs: Wisit Satsanathiang; born June 28, 1963) is a Thai film director and screenwriter of Chinese descent.	Wisit Sasanatieng	film director	screenwriter
occupation	May Hariri (born 24-12-1968) is a Lebanese pop artist as well as an actor and the ex-wife of singer Melhem Barakat.	May Hariri	actor
occupation	César Canevaro (January 19, 1846 -- October 31, 1922) was a Peruvian military man and politician.	César Canevaro	politician
occupation	Armin Hagen Freiherr von Hoyningen-Huene (born in 1942) is a photographer, artist, filmmaker, clothing designer/sewer, model and gay sex symbol best known by his stage name Peter Berlin.	Peter Berlin	photographer
occupation	Laura Rizzotto born July 18, 1994) is a pop singer-songwriter and acoustic guitarist, born and raised in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Laura Rizzotto	singer-songwriter
occupation	Henry Dyer Grindle (November 19, 1826 -- September 14, 1902) was a Manhattan physician and abortion provider in the 1870s who worked under the name H.D. Grindle.	Henry Dyer Grindle	physician
occupation	Vanessa Porto (born March 16, 1984) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and amateur boxer who competes in the Invicta Fighting Championships flyweight division.	Vanessa Porto	boxer
occupation	Aleksander Augustynowicz (born February 7, 1865 in Iskrzynia, died August 23, 1944 in Warsaw) was a Polish painter, active between 1865-1944 in Poland.	Aleksander Augustynowicz	painter
occupation	Rachelle Leah (born August 20, 1984) is an American model, actress and television personality who has worked as a glamour model in mixed martial arts.	Rachelle Leah	model
occupation	Nithiwat Tharathorn (Thai: นิธิวัฒน์ ธราธร) is a Thai film director.	Nithiwat Tharathorn	film director
occupation	Pedro Vuskovic Bravo (February 25, 1924 -- May 10, 1993) was a Chilean economist of Croatian descent, political figure, minister and author of the economic plan implemented by Salvador Allende during his government called Vuskovic plan.	Pedro Vuskovic	economist
occupation	Hussein Abdi Dualeh (Somali: Xuseen Cabdi Duaale) is a Somali politician and petroleum engineer.	Hussein Abdi Dualeh	politician
occupation	Ban Tsui (Chinese: 徐志豪; born 1963, Hong Kong) is a Canadian anesthesiologist known for medical innovation in the field of anesthesia.	Ban Tsui	anesthesiologist
occupation	Tom Epperson is an American screenwriter and writer known for his collaborations with Billy Bob Thornton.	Tom Epperson	screenwriter
occupation	Wini Shaw (February 25, 1907 -- May 2, 1982), sometimes credited as Winifred Shaw, was an American actress, dancer and singer.	Wini Shaw	dancer	singer
occupation	James Cotten (born February 12, 1974) is an American actor, film director, producer, and writer.	James Cotten	film director	writer
occupation	In 2015, Mark Dantonio became the first head coach in Big Ten history to achieve at least 11 wins in 5 of 6 seasons.	Mark Dantonio	head coach
occupation	Arnaldo Coro Antich, aka Arnie Coro, is a Cuban radio host, academic and popular amateur radio operator.	Arnie Coro	radio host
occupation	William Scott Darling (May 28, 1898 -- October 29, 1951) was a Canadian-born writer and a pioneer screenwriter and film director in the Hollywood motion picture industry.	William Scott Darling	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Jennifer Anne Ognibene, known by her stage name Jenny O., is an American singer-songwriter, based in Los Angeles, California.	Jenny O.	singer-songwriter
occupation	Dianne McIntyre (born July 18, 1946) is an African-American dancer, choreographer, and teacher.	Dianne McIntyre	dancer	choreographer
occupation	George Cram Cook or Jig Cook (October 7, 1873 -- January 14, 1924) was an American theatre producer, director, playwright, novelist, and poet.	George Cram Cook	novelist
occupation	Jay Alexander (born April 10, 1968) is an American magician and comic known as a corporate and society entertainer.	Jay Alexander	magician
occupation	Raphael John Musto, usually known as Ray Musto (March 30, 1929 - April 24, 2014) had been a Democratic politician, and former member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.	Ray Musto	politician
occupation	Daniel Drew (July 29, 1797 -- September 18, 1879) was an American businessman, steamship and railroad developer, and financier.	Daniel Drew	financier
occupation	Josip Seissel (1904--1987) was a Croatian architect and urban planner, who under the pseudonym of Jo Klek was a constructivist artist, graphical designer and theatrical designer.	Josip Seissel	architect
occupation	Amalia Amaki (born Lynda Faye Peek, July 8, 1959) is an African-American artist, art historian, educator, film critic and curator who currently resides in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, where she has been a Professor of Modern and Contemporary Art at the University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa since 2007.	Amalia Amaki	art historian
occupation	John Lever MBE (born John Kenneth Lever, 24 February 1949) is an English former cricketer, who played in 21 Tests and 22 ODIs for England from 1976 to 1986.	John Lever	cricketer
occupation	Salvador Roselli is a film director and screenplay writer.	Salvador Roselli	film director
occupation	Robert Wayne Thomason (5 Nov 1952 Tulsa, Oklahoma, USA -- Nov 1995 Paris, France) was an American mathematician who worked on algebraic K-theory.	Robert Wayne Thomason	mathematician
occupation	W. Scott Corbett (July 27, 1913 -- March 6, 2006) was an American novelist and educator.	Scott Corbett	novelist
occupation	Stanley Cornwell Lewis MBE (December 18, 1905 -- September 9, 2009) was a British portrait painter and illustrator.	Stanley Cornwell Lewis	painter
occupation	Richard C. Kahn (January 26, 1897 in New Orleans, Louisiana - January 28, 1960 in Hollywood, California) was an American film director and screenwriter, known for his B movies of the 1930s and early 1940s.	Richard C. Kahn	film director
occupation	Archigenes ('Αρχιγένης), an eminent ancient Greek physician, who lived in the 1st and 2nd centuries.	Archigenes	physician
occupation	Florentino Ameghino (September 18, 1854 -- August 6, 1911) was an Argentine naturalist, paleontologist, anthropologist and zoologist, whose fossil discoveries on the Argentine Pampas, especially on Patagonia, rank with those made in the western United States during the late 19th century.	Florentino Ameghino	naturalist	paleontologist	anthropologist	zoologist
occupation	Agnes von Kurowsky Stanfield (January 5, 1892 -- September 25, 1984) was an American nurse who inspired the character ``Catherine Barkley'' in Ernest Hemingway's A Farewell to Arms.	Agnes von Kurowsky	nurse
occupation	Luis Kutner (June 9, 1908 -- March 1, 1993), was a US human rights activist and lawyer who co-founded Amnesty International with Peter Benenson in 1961, and created the concept of a living will.	Luis Kutner	lawyer
occupation	Tommy Ton is a Canadian photographer known for his fashion blog Jak & Jil, and his street style coverage of fashion weeks on Style.com and GQ.com.	Tommy Ton	photographer
occupation	Tang Hao is widely considered to be the first serious historian of the Chinese martial arts, and his works continue to be cited by contemporary scholars today.	Tang Hao	historian
occupation	Saskia Sassen (born January 5, 1947) is a Dutch-American sociologist noted for her analyses of globalization and international human migration.	Saskia Sassen	sociologist
occupation	J. Hemachandran (born November 10, 1932, Mathur, d. February 8, 2008, Thiruvananthapuram) was an Indian politician and trade unionist.	J. Hemachandran	politician
occupation	Ulysses Cuadra Jr. (born February 24, 1987) is an American actor and voice actor involved in cinema, television, and animation.	Ulysses Cuadra	actor
occupation	Lola Margaret's acting career started after she met Bolaji Amusan, a Nigerian comic actor who introduced her to acting.	Lola Margaret	actor
occupation	Blessy is an Indian film director and screenwriter who has made several critically acclaimed Malayalam films.	Blessy	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Nike Davies-Okundaye aka ``'Nike Davies''' aka ``'Nike Twin Seven Seven''' aka ``'Nike Olaniyi''' aka ``'Mummy Nike''' is a Nigerian batik and textile designer.	Nike Davies-Okundaye	textile designer
occupation	Hugo Kaulen, Sr. (October 28, 1869 - July 9, 1954) was a pioneering German balloonist.	Hugo Kaulen	balloonist
occupation	Kul Bahadur Gurung (Nepali: कुल बहादुर गुरुङ) is a Nepalese politician and leader of the Nepali Congress party.	Kul Bahadur Gurung	politician
occupation	Desha Delteil (March 18, 1899 -- July 17, 1980) was an American dancer and artists' model.	Desha Delteil	dancer
occupation	Paul J. Morrison (born June 1, 1954) is an American lawyer and former Attorney General of Kansas.	Paul J. Morrison	lawyer
occupation	Richard T. Moore (born July 7, 1943) is a Democratic politician from Massachusetts and a former member of the Massachusetts State Senate.	Richard T. Moore	politician
occupation	Leo Whelan, RHA (January 10, 1892 -- November 6, 1956) was an Irish painter.	Leo Whelan	painter
occupation	Edwin O. Guthman (August 11, 1919 -- August 31, 2008) was an American journalist and university professor.	Edwin O. Guthman	journalist
occupation	Filomena Linčiūtė-Vaitiekūnienė (born April 17, 1942 Mazeikiai) is a Lithuanian Set designer, and painter.	Filomena Linčiūtė-Vaitiekūnienė	painter
occupation	Jimmy Charles, is an American singer with a distinctive ``crying style''.	Jimmy Charles	singer
occupation	William Almer (fl. 1572) of Pant Iocyn, Denbighshire, was a Welsh politician.	William Almer	politician
occupation	Mr. DJ, born David Sheats, is a Grammy Award-winning American hip-hop record producer and DJ from Atlanta, Georgia.	Mr. DJ	record producer
occupation	Karl Paryla (1905--1996) was an Austrian theater actor and director, and later a film maker as well.	Karl Paryla	actor
occupation	Katharine Weber (born November 12, 1955) is an American novelist and nonfiction writer.	Katharine Weber	novelist
occupation	David Beauchamp (born 1936) is a New Zealand born, Australian civil engineer who has contributed extensively to engineering heritage and research.	David Beauchamp	civil engineer
occupation	Stray Ghost is the artist name of the English composer and sound artist, Anthony Saggers.	Stray Ghost	composer
occupation	Keefe Brasselle (February 7, 1923 -- July 7, 1981) was an American film actor, television actor/producer and author.	Keefe Brasselle	actor
occupation	Yurii V. Kostenko (Ukrainian: Костенко Юрій Васильович) (born 1945) is a Ukrainian diplomat.	Yurii V. Kostenko	diplomat
occupation	Emilio Pettoruti (1892--1971) was an Argentine painter, who caused a scandal with his avant-garde cubist exhibition in 1924 in Buenos Aires.	Emilio Pettoruti	painter
occupation	Maudie Bitar (Arabic:مودي بيطار) is a Lebanese journalist and critic.	Maudie Bitar	journalist
occupation	Nehemiah Ford was a Canadian politician and painter.	Nehemiah Ford	politician
occupation	Elspeth Douglas McClelland (1879--1920) was an English suffragette and architect.	Elspeth Douglas McClelland	architect
occupation	Horatio Seymour Jr. (January 8, 1844 -- February 21, 1907) was an American civil engineer, surveyor and politician from New York.	Horatio Seymour Jr.	civil engineer
occupation	Giovanni Battista Hodierna, also spelt at Odierna (April 13, 1597 -- April 6, 1660) was an Italian astronomer at the court of the Duke of Montechiaro.	Giovanni Battista Hodierna	astronomer
occupation	José Eliseo Payán Hurtado (August 1, 1825 -- June 30, 1895) was a Colombian lawyer, politician, and military officer.	Eliseo Payán	politician
occupation	Robert G. Sachs (May 4, 1916 -- April 14, 1999) was an American theoretical physicist, a founder and a director of the Argonne National Laboratory.	Robert G. Sachs	physicist
occupation	Hsu Tain-tsair (traditional Chinese: 許添財; simplified Chinese: 许添财; pinyin: Xǔ Tiāncái; Wade--Giles: Hsǔ Tiēn-tsái), a Taiwanese politician who served as the mayor of Tainan City from 2001 to 2010.	Hsu Tain-tsair	politician
occupation	Pedro Luís Neves is a Portuguese modern composer of classical music and author of several other genres.	Pedro Luís Neves	composer
occupation	Kathryn Paige Northcutt (born February 15, 1968), née Kathryn Paige Zemina, is an American former competition swimmer who was an Olympic bronze medalist.	Paige Zemina	swimmer
occupation	Donald Collier (May 1, 1911 -- January 23, 1995) was an archaeologist, ethnologist, and museologist.	Donald Collier	archaeologist
occupation	Pablo de la Torriente Brau (San Juan de Puerto Rico, December 12, 1901 - Majadahonda, near Madrid, Spain, December 19, 1936) Cuban writer.	Pablo de la Torriente Brau	writer
occupation	Li Liuyi (Chinese: 李六乙) is a Chinese director and playwright of Beijing People's Art Theatre.	Li Liuyi	playwright
occupation	Leszek Drogosz (January 6, 1933 -- September 7, 2012) was a Polish boxer and actor.	Leszek Drogosz	boxer	actor
occupation	Martin Deschamps (born June 23, 1970) is a Canadian rock singer from Quebec.	Martin Deschamps	singer
occupation	Mark Dodson (born September 10, 1953) is a British record producer and sound engineer, who mostly works with artists in the heavy metal genre.	Mark Dodson	record producer	engineer
occupation	Roger L. Dell (July 19, 1897 -- March 8, 1966) was an American businessman, lawyer, and jurist.	Roger L. Dell	lawyer
occupation	Dieterich Spahn (born 1938), is a German-born American artist working in the fields of stained glass and painting.	Dieterich Spahn	artist
occupation	Terry Gould is a Canadian author and investigative journalist.	Terry Gould	journalist
occupation	Ernesto Franceschi (March 26, 1912 -- February 21, 1943) is an Italian bobsledder who competed in the mid-1930s.	Ernesto Franceschi	bobsledder
occupation	Jiří Čunek (born February 22, 1959) is a Czech politician who was chairman of the Christian and Democratic Union - Czechoslovak People's Party from December 2006 to May 2009.	Jiří Čunek	politician
occupation	Zoila Aurora Cáceres Moreno (1877--1958) was a writer associated with the literary movement known as modernismo.	Aurora Cáceres	writer
occupation	Richard Lewine (July 28, 1910 -- May 19, 2005) was an American composer and songwriter on Broadway as well as television producer.	Richard Lewine	composer
occupation	Laurence Rosenthal (born November 4, 1926) is an American composer, arranger, and conductor for theater, television, and film.	Laurence Rosenthal	composer
occupation	Srdan Golubović (Serbian: Срдан Голубовић; born August 24, 1972) is a Serbian film director.	Srdan Golubović	film director
occupation	Ted Manson (October 23, 1926 -- June 1, 2008) was an American film actor with a career that spanned over 30 years.	Ted Manson	actor
occupation	Olga Guillot (October 9, 1922 -- July 12, 2010) was a Cuban singer who was known as the 'queen of bolero'.	Olga Guillot	singer
occupation	Frederic W. Gleach is an American anthropologist who specializes in Native American peoples of Virginia.	Frederic W. Gleach	anthropologist
occupation	Marino Sinibaldi (Italian: Marino Sinibaldi) is an Italian journalist and literary critic.	Marino Sinibaldi	journalist
occupation	George Calvert, 1st Baron Baltimore (1579 -- 15 April 1631) was an English politician and colonizer.	George Calvert, 1st Baron Baltimore	politician
occupation	Robert J. Garagiola (born September 5, 1972) is an American lawyer and former politician from the state of Maryland.	Robert J. Garagiola	lawyer	politician
occupation	Elizabeth Fulhame (fl. 1794) was a Scottish chemist who invented the concept of catalysis and discovered photoreduction.	Elizabeth Fulhame	chemist
occupation	Maureen Brosnahan is a Canadian journalist, best known as a former host of The World at Six on CBC Radio One.	Maureen Brosnahan	journalist
occupation	Ludwig Busbetzky was an Estonian organist and composer during the 17th century.	Ludwig Busbetzky	composer
occupation	Luz Ercilia Fabery Zenón (January 25, 1931 -- May 13, 2015), known as Lucy Fabery, was a Puerto Rican jazz singer.	Lucy Fabery	singer
occupation	Prachya Pinkaew (Thai: ปรัชญา ปิ่นแก้ว; rtgs: Pratya Pinkaeo; born September 2, 1962) is a Thai film director, film producer and screenwriter.	Prachya Pinkaew	film director	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Michał Józef Römer (also spelled Romer or Roemer; September 2, 1778 -- January 14, 1853) was a politician, writer, Freemason, and notable member of the Polish--	Michał Józef Römer	politician
occupation	Attila Juhász (Serbian: Атила Јухас, Atila Juhas) (born July 15, 1967 in Senta, SAP Vojvodina, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is an ethnic Hungarian politician in Serbia.	Attila Juhász	politician
occupation	The Mr. Move (birth name Reggie Cunnigham) is a rapper and actor born in Atlanta, Georgia, currently based in New York City.	The Mr. Move	rapper
occupation	Floyd Skloot (born 1947 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American poet, novelist, and memoirist who has often written about the search for meaning through personal loss and the struggle for coherence in a fragmented world.	Floyd Skloot	novelist
occupation	Dunham Jackson (July 24, 1888 in Bridgewater, Massachusetts -- November 6, 1946) was a mathematician who worked within approximation theory, notably with trigonometrical and orthogonal polynomials.	Dunham Jackson	mathematician
occupation	Wang Jin-pyng (Chinese: 王金平; pinyin: Wáng Jīnpíng; born March 17, 1941), is a Taiwanese politician.	Wang Jin-pyng	politician
occupation	Ethan Casey is an American print and online journalist who has written or edited five books.	Ethan Casey	journalist
occupation	JF Robitaille is a Canadian singer-songwriter born and raised in Montreal, Quebec.	JF Robitaille	singer
occupation	Fernando Altamirano (Fernando Altamirano-Carbajal) (July 7, 1848 -- October 7, 1908) was a Mexican physician, botanist and naturalist.	Fernando Altamirano	botanist
occupation	Bill Gaskins (born 1953) is an American photographer and academic.	Bill Gaskins	photographer
occupation	Manik Irani (also known as Billa) is an Indian film actor, best known for playing villain roles in Bollywood films of the late 1980s and 1990s.	Manik Irani	actor
occupation	Cullen Landis (July 9, 1896 -- August 26, 1975) was an American motion picture actor and director whose career began in the early years of the silent film era.	Cullen Landis	actor
occupation	Klaus Dodds is a geopolitician and focuses his work on, amongst others, the representation of space in visual media like internet, movies and pictures.	Klaus Dodds	geopolitician
occupation	Lisa Marx is an American professional guitarist, classically trained pianist, and graphic designer from California.	Lisa Marx	guitarist
occupation	Anjelica Huston (/ˈhjuːstən/; born July 8, 1951) is an American actress, director and former fashion model.	Anjelica Huston	model
occupation	Sue Galkantas was a women's basketball player at Florida State.	Sue Galkantas	basketball player
occupation	Giovanni Battista Calvi (also known as Giovan Battista Calvi, Gianbattista Calvi and/or Juan Bautista Calvi) was an Italian military engineer at the service of the Spanish Monarchy during the 16th century.	Giovanni Battista Calvi	engineer
occupation	James Kirke Paulding (August 22, 1778 -- April 6, 1860) was an American writer and, for a time, the United States Secretary of the Navy.	James Kirke Paulding	writer
occupation	Mary Margaret McKeown, usually styled as M. Margaret McKeown (born May 11, 1951) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, and is based in San Diego, California.	M. Margaret McKeown	judge
occupation	Alton Edwards is a Zimbabwean singer, who had a UK Top 20 hit with ``I Just Wanna (Spend Some Time With You)'' during January 1982.	Alton Edwards	singer
occupation	Gong Zhen (simplified Chinese: 巩珍; traditional Chinese: 鞏珍) was a fifteenth-century translator and writer famous for his association with the Chinese admiral Zheng He.	Gong Zhen	writer
occupation	Barbara Balzerani (born 16 January 1949) is an Italian writer and former terrorist.	Barbara Balzerani	writer
occupation	Ali Dehbashi (علی دهباشی) is an Iranian journalist, Iranologist, researcher and writer.	Ali Dehbashi	journalist
occupation	Joseph Galaskiewicz (born Feb. 24, 1949) is an American sociologist and Professor of Sociology at the University of Arizona, known for his work on interorganizational relations and social network analysis.	Joseph Galaskiewicz	sociologist
occupation	Petar Bucan (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Бућан) is a Serbian rugby union player who currently plays for Belgrade Rugby Club Red Star.	Petar Bucan	rugby union player
occupation	Gary K. Michelson (born January 14, 1949) is an American board certified orthopedic spinal surgeon, inventor, and philanthropist.	Gary K. Michelson	surgeon
occupation	Christine Jean (born 1956 or 1557) is a French biologist and environmental activist.	Christine Jean	biologist
occupation	Mary Jane Irwin was married in July 1966 has one son, John, who is also a computer scientist, and daughter-in-law, Alla, and have two grandchildren, Kai and Milo.	Mary Jane Irwin	computer scientist
occupation	Linda Peeno is an American physician, ethicist, and lecturer known for being a whistleblower against the American managed healthcare industry.	Linda Peeno	physician
occupation	Harold Huber (December 5, 1909 -- September 29, 1959) was an American actor who appeared on film, radio and television.	Harold Huber	actor
occupation	Daryl Runswick (born 12 October 1946) is a classically trained English composer, arranger, musician, producer and educationalist.	Daryl Runswick	composer
occupation	Theodore Saloutos (August 3, 1910 -- November 15, 1980) was an American academic historian whose main areas of research included: agrarian politics and reform movements immigration studies Greek immigration into the United States	Theodore Saloutos	historian
occupation	David Fatum (born August 4, 1968 in Prince Rupert, British Columbia) is a Canadian-American darts player who plays for the British Darts Organisation.	David Fatum	darts player
occupation	John Macready (born April 29, 1975) is an American gymnast and motivational speaker.	John Macready	motivational speaker
occupation	László Fogarasi Jr. (born September 14, 1980), known by his stage name Yonderboi, is a Hungarian composer, music producer and visual artist.	Yonderboi	composer
occupation	Raoul Trujillo is an American actor, dancer, and choreographer.	Raoul Trujillo	actor	choreographer
occupation	Josef Sommer (born June 26, 1934) is a German-American stage and film actor.	Josef Sommer	film actor
occupation	Taylor Michael Rotunda (born May 25, 1990) is an American professional wrestler who is signed to WWE where he performs under the ring name Bo Dallas.	Bo Dallas	professional wrestler
occupation	Lenny Pappano (born February 14, 1964) is a fantasy sports writer from upstate NY and co-founder of DraftSharks.com, a fantasy football content site based in Rochester, NY.	Lenny Pappano	writer
occupation	Anna Graceman is a young American singer-songwriter and pianist whose self-penned songs and music have gained attention at home and abroad.	Anna Graceman	singer
occupation	Harlan Warde (born Harlan Ward Lufkin; November 6, 1917 -- March 13, 1980) was a character actor active in television and movies.	Harlan Warde	actor
occupation	Sydney J. Harris (September 14, 1917 -- December 7, 1986) was an American journalist for the Chicago Daily News and, later, the Chicago Sun-Times.	Sydney J. Harris	journalist
occupation	Petar Aleksić, (born Nov 2, 1968) is a Bosnian professional basketball coach and former player.	Petar Aleksić	basketball coach
occupation	Peter de Jersey is a British television and theatre actor.	Peter de Jersey	actor
occupation	Elias Silvério (born September 22, 1986) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).	Elias Silvério	mixed martial artist
occupation	Harry Innes (January 4, 1752 -- September 20, 1816) was the first United States federal judge in Kentucky.	Harry Innes	judge
occupation	Hannele Koskinen, also Antikainen, is a Finnish former competitive figure skater.	Hannele Koskinen	figure skater
occupation	David Griman (born March 10, 1967 in Los Teques) is a former Venezuelan professional boxer.	David Griman	boxer
occupation	Karnit Flug (Hebrew: קרנית פלוג; born January 9, 1955) is a Polish-born Israeli economist.	Karnit Flug	economist
occupation	René Jarry-Desloges (February 1, 1868 -- June 1, 1951) was a French amateur astronomer who worked at his own observatory.	René Jarry-Desloges	astronomer
occupation	Giacomo Barucco (Rovato, 1582 - circa 1630) was an Italian painter, active in a Mannerist style.	Giacomo Barucco	painter
occupation	Joanna Eden is an English jazz singer, songwriter and pianist.	Joanna Eden	singer, songwriter
occupation	Hasna Xhukiçi (born April 13, 1988, Fier) is an Albanian fashion model and beauty queen.	Hasna Xhukiçi	model
occupation	Alison ``Ali'' Shaw (née Douglas), better known as ``Ali Shaw'' is a Scottish television presenter, who has appeared on ITV News, Sky Sports and MUTV.	Ali Shaw	television presenter
occupation	Donald A. Gillies is a British philosopher and historian of science and mathematics.	Donald A. Gillies	philosopher
occupation	Marco Tempest (born December 3, 1964) is a Swiss magician based in New York City.	Marco Tempest	magician
occupation	Suzie Kitson (born Suzanne Jane Kitson, 1 May 1969, Cambridge, England), is a former woman test cricketer who played for England between 1988 and 1993.	Suzie Kitson	cricketer
occupation	Marvin Bower (August 1, 1903 -- January 22, 2003) was an American business theorist and management consultant.	Marvin Bower	consultant
occupation	Douglas Brymner (July 3, 1823 -- June 19, 1902) was a Canadian politician, journalist, civil servant and archivist.	Douglas Brymner	archivist
occupation	Guthrie McClintic (August 6, 1893 - October 29, 1961) was a successful theatre director, film director and producer based in New York.	Guthrie McClintic	film director
occupation	Philippe De Lacy a.k.a. Philippe deLacy (July 25, 1917 -- July 29, 1995) was a former silent film era child actor.	Philippe De Lacy	actor
occupation	Jefferson Lake Coburn was an American architect in Maine practicing in the firm Jefferson Coburn & Sons.	Jefferson Coburn	architect
occupation	Wesley A. Ward (born March 3, 1968 in Selah, Washington) is a retired American Champion jockey and a current trainer in Thoroughbred horse racing.	Wesley A. Ward	jockey
occupation	Daniela Kix (born 4 May 1983, in Stockerau) is an Austrian tennis player.	Daniela Kix	tennis player
occupation	Jung Yu-ri (Hangul: 정유리; born December 6, 1984), or Yu-ri, is a South Korean singer.	Jung Yu-ri	singer
occupation	Lukas Beck is an Austrian photographer who specialises in music and theatre.	Lukas Beck	photographer
occupation	Yan Cabral (born May 13, 1983) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division.	Yan Cabral	mixed martial artist
occupation	Fred Duprez (September 6, 1884 -- October 27, 1938) was an American film actor and comedian, who appeared mainly in British films.	Fred Duprez	actor
occupation	Victor Payumo Silayan (January 31, 1929 -- August 30, 1987), commonly known as Vic Silayan, was a Filipino actor who is best known for his roles in Kisapmata (1981) and Karnal (1983).	Vic Silayan	actor
occupation	Joseph Darlinton (July 19, 1765 -- August 2, 1851) was an American politician in the U.S. state of Ohio and in the Northwest Territory prior to Ohio statehood.	Joseph Darlinton	politician
occupation	Gordon Gibson Sr. (November 28, 1904 -- July 17, 1986) was a prominent business leader and politician in British Columbia.	Gordon Gibson Sr.	politician
occupation	After serving as minister of a Baptist church in his home town for two years, Roberson organized Carroll Roberson Ministries with a board of directors and went into full-time evangelism with his office stationed in his hometown of Ripley.	Carroll Roberson	minister
occupation	Misty Lee (born in Mount Clemens, Michigan) is an American voice actress, comedian, and professional magician.	Misty Lee	magician
occupation	Jean-Charles Prince (February 13, 1804 -- May 5, 1860) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, teacher, seminary administrator, editor, and Bishop of Saint-Hyacinthe, Canada from 1852 to 1860.	Jean-Charles Prince	priest
occupation	Siegbert Hummel (July 18, 1908 in Rodewisch, Vogtland -- March 28, 2001 in Lengenfeld) was a Tibetologist and cultural historian.	Siegbert Hummel	historian
occupation	Gregory M. Auer (December 22, 1937-June 12, 1993) was an American art director, screenwriter and cameraman.	Gregory M. Auer	screenwriter
occupation	Sir John Gilmour of Craigmillar (1605 -- 14 August 1671) was a Scottish judge, who served as Lord President of the Court of Session from 1661 to 1670.	John Gilmour of Craigmillar	judge
occupation	Keith Wyatt is a Los Angeles-based guitarist, educator performer, teacher, writer, and developer of music curriculum and educational media.	Keith Wyatt	writer
occupation	Jerry Jameson (born November 26, 1934), is an American film director and producer.	Jerry Jameson	film director
occupation	Ehsan-ul-Haq Piracha (Urdu: احسان الحق پراچہ‎) is a politician from the town of Bhalwal in Sargodha District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Ehsan-ul-Haq Piracha	politician
occupation	Rod Picott (born November 3, 1964) is a singer-songwriter whose music incorporates elements of Americana, alt-country, and folk.	Rod Picott	singer-songwriter
occupation	Sonia Destri Lie, often known simply as Sonia Destri, is a Brazilian dancer and choreographer.	Sonia Destri Lie	choreographer
occupation	Hal Blaine (born Harold Simon Belsky; February 5, 1929) is an American drummer and session musician.	Hal Blaine	musician
occupation	Lev Ivanovich Oshanin (Russian: Лев Ива́нович Оша́нин; 1912-1996) is a poet, author of over 70 books of poetry, novels and poetry plays winner of the Stalin Prize of the first degree (1950) and winner of the World Festival of Youth and Students.	Lev Ivanovich Oshanin	poet
occupation	Larry Mavety (born May 29, 1942) is a former professional ice hockey player, and former coach and executive in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL), with both the Belleville Bulls and the Kingston Frontenacs.	Larry Mavety	ice hockey player
occupation	Kumaradeva was an Indian sculptor from the 8th century.	Kumaradeva	sculptor
occupation	Dick Damron (born Joseph Glenn Damron, March 22, 1934 in Bentley, Alberta) is a Canadian country music singer, songwriter.	Dick Damron	singer
occupation	Dalal Bruchmann is an Austrian musician and film and television actress.	Dalal Bruchmann	musician
occupation	Demetrius Hopkins (born October 10, 1980 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S.) is an American boxer who fought in the light welterweight division.	Demetrius Hopkins	boxer
occupation	Jean Banchet (March 7, 1941--November 24, 2013) was a French-American chef who popularized French cuisine through his Wheeling, Illinois restaurant, Le Francais.	Jean Banchet	chef
occupation	Lucas Hedges (born c. 1996/1997) is an American actor, and the son of Peter Hedges.	Lucas Hedges	actor
occupation	Joseph Howe, PC (December 13, 1804 -- June 1, 1873) was a Nova Scotian journalist, politician, and public servant.	Joseph Howe	journalist	politician
occupation	Doris Fleeson (May 20, 1901 -- August 1, 1970) was an American journalist and columnist and was the first woman in the United States to have a nationally syndicated political column.	Doris Fleeson	journalist	columnist
occupation	Angel Locsin (born Angelica Locsin Colmenares; April 23, 1985) is a Filipina television and film actress, commercial model, film producer and fashion designer.	Angel Locsin	model
occupation	Aashiq Abu (born April 12, 1978) is an Indian film director and producer best known for his work in Malayalam cinema.	Aashiq Abu	film director
occupation	Alfred Richard Outtrim (1845--1925) was a long serving Victorian politician who gained a reputation as a competent government minister a promoter of women's suffrage and regional development.	Alfred Richard Outtrim	politician
occupation	William Boone Daniels (September 12, 1915 -- October 7, 1988), better known as Billy Daniels, was an African American singer active in the United States and Europe from the mid-1930s to 1988, notable for his hit recording of ``That Old Black Magic'' and his pioneering performances on early 1950s television.	Billy Daniels	singer
occupation	René Verdon (June 29, 1924 Pouzauges, France-- February 2, 2011 San Francisco, California, USA) was a French-born American chef.	René Verdon	chef
occupation	Jack Tracy (July 27, 1926, Minneapolis, Minnesota -- December 21, 2010, Nooksack, Washington) was an American jazz producer and journalist.	Jack Tracy	journalist
occupation	Bambang Widjojanto (born 18 October 1959) is an Indonesian human rights activist.	Bambang Widjojanto	human rights activist
occupation	David V. Picker is a motion picture executive and producer, working in the film industry for more than forty years.	David V. Picker	executive and producer
occupation	Maria Tselaridou (Greek: Μαρία Τσελαρίδου; born March 26, 1981 in Almaty, Kazakh SSR) is a Greek judoka, who competed in the women's half-lightweight category.	Maria Tselaridou	judoka
occupation	Retesh Bhalla (born April 7, 1982) is an Indian-American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Sonjay Dutt.	Sonjay Dutt	professional wrestler
occupation	Gerard Francis Tempest (February 23, 1918 -- July 26, 2009) was a painter, sculptor, architect and veteran of World War II. Tempest was the father of Abstract Spiritualism and the protégé of Giorgio de Chirico, the forerunner of Surrealism.	Gerard Francis Tempest	painter
occupation	Daniel Weissbort (April 30, 1935 - November 18, 2013) was a poet, translator, multilingual academic and (together with Ted Hughes) Modern Poetry in Translation founder & editor.	Daniel Weissbort	poet
occupation	Hugh Prosser (November 6, 1900 -- November 8, 1952) was a Hollywood actor who appeared in over 90 films between 1936 and 1953.	Hugh Prosser	actor
occupation	John Vanderlyn (October 18, 1775 -- September 23, 1852) was an American neoclassicist painter.	John Vanderlyn	painter
occupation	Leslie Rands (January 7, 1900 -- December 6, 1972) was an English opera singer and actor, best known for his performances in baritone roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	Leslie Rands	opera singer
occupation	Roy Doty (September 10, 1922 -- March 18, 2015) was an American cartoonist, artist and illustrator.	Roy Doty	cartoonist	artist
occupation	Tollak Ollestad is an American harmonica player, singer, keyboardist and songwriter.	Tollak Ollestad	singer
occupation	Michel-Jean Cazabon (September 20, 1813 -- November 20, 1888) is regarded as the first great Trinidadian painter and is Trinidad's first internationally known artist.	Michel-Jean Cazabon	painter
occupation	Carlos Latuff (born November 30, 1968) is a Brazilian freelance political cartoonist.	Carlos Latuff	cartoonist
occupation	Stewart Woodman (born 1969 in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, USA) is an American chef.	Stewart Woodman	chef
occupation	Paul M. Cobb (born 1967) is a historian of the medieval Islamic world.	Paul M. Cobb	historian
occupation	Matthias Stom or Matthias Stomer (c. 1600 -- after 1652) was a Dutch golden age painter considered one of the masters of Utrecht Caravaggism.	Matthias Stom	painter
occupation	Chen I-hsing (Chinese: 陳益興; pinyin: Chén Yìxīng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chen I-hsing	politician
occupation	Bob Flanagan (December 26, 1952 -- January 4, 1996) was an American performance artist, comic, writer, poet, and musician.	Bob Flanagan	poet
occupation	Louisa John-Krol is a Melbourne-based Australian artist of the romantic folk/pop genre - described as 'romantic pop-ethereal faerie' music by the artist herself and others.	Louisa John-Krol	artist
occupation	J. Hillis Miller, Sr. (August 29, 1899 -- November 14, 1953) was an American university professor, education administrator and university president.	J. Hillis Miller, Sr.	university professor
occupation	David Wallis, born January 18, 1967, is an American journalist and an advocate for writers.	David Wallis	journalist
occupation	Dr. Mahendra Singh Pal is an Indian politician.	Mahendra Singh Pal	politician
occupation	Viacheslav Volosov (Ukrainian: Вячеслав Волосов; born November 28, 1976 in Donetsk) is a Ukrainian bodybuilder, and personal trainer.	Viacheslav Volosov	bodybuilder
occupation	Sergio Galindo (September 2, 1926 -- January 3, 1993) was a Mexican novelist and short-story writer.	Sergio Galindo	novelist	writer
occupation	Jack Dangers (born John Stephen Corrigan) is an electronic musician, DJ, producer, and remixer best known for his work as the primary member of Meat Beat Manifesto.	Jack Dangers	musician
occupation	Adam Itzel, Jr. (c. 1873 -- September 5, 1893) was a 19th-century American conductor and composer.	Adam Itzel, Jr.	composer
occupation	Eduard Weyr (June 22, 1852 -- July 23, 1903) was a Czech mathematician now chiefly remembered as the discoverer of a certain canonical form for square matrices over algebraically closed fields.	Eduard Weyr	mathematician
occupation	Prentiss Barnes (April 12, 1925 -- October 1, 2006) was an American rhythm and blues singer in the 1950s.	Prentiss Barnes	singer
occupation	Benny Sudakov (born c. 1970) is an Israeli mathematician, who works mainly on Hungarian-style combinatorics.	Benny Sudakov	mathematician
occupation	Layla Al-Attar (Arabic: ليلى العطار‎, born in Baghdad, Iraq) was an Iraqi artist and painter who graduated from the Academy of fine Arts in Baghdad in 1965.	Layla Al-Attar	painter
occupation	William Duncan Herridge, PC, KC, MC, DSO (September 18, 1887 -- September 21, 1961) was a Canadian politician and diplomat.	William Duncan Herridge	diplomat
occupation	Romaric Kondzy (frère de styvel Faudey-massembo) (born December 12, 1980) is a Congolese basketball player who is a member of the Congo national basketball team.	Romaric Kondzy	basketball player
occupation	Edwin Black is an American syndicated columnist and investigative journalist.	Edwin Black	journalist
occupation	Mario Orozco Rivera (January 19, 1930 -- November 20, 1998) was a Mexican muralist and painter, a later proponent of Mexican muralism, and whose work was particularly influenced by David Alfaro Siqueiros.	Mario Orozco Rivera	painter
occupation	Thor Freudenthal (born October 20, 1972) is a German film director, animator and special effects artist.	Thor Freudenthal	film director
occupation	Thomas A. Loftus (April 24, 1945-) is a United States diplomat and Wisconsin politician.	Thomas A. Loftus	diplomat	politician
occupation	Errol Taggart (July 15, 1895 -- August 30, 1940) was a Canadian film director and film editor who worked in Hollywood during the 1920s and 1930s.	Errol Taggart	film director
occupation	Karl Caspar (March 13, 1879 -- September 21, 1956) was a German painter who lived and worked mainly in Munich.	Karl Caspar	painter
occupation	Gaston Hardy (April 22, 1917 -- July 15, 1977) was a municipal and provincial politician in Shawinigan Falls, Quebec.	Gaston Hardy	politician
occupation	Utsa Patnaik is an Indian Marxist economist.	Utsa Patnaik	economist
occupation	Eleanora Fagan (April 7, 1915 -- July 17, 1959), professionally known as Billie Holiday, was an American jazz musician and singer-songwriter with a career spanning nearly thirty years.	Billie Holiday	jazz musician	singer-songwriter
occupation	Hank Gilpin is an American furniture maker and wood sculptor.	Hank Gilpin	sculptor
occupation	Chen Fu-hai (Chinese: 陳福海; pinyin: Chén Fúhǎi) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chen Fu-hai	politician
occupation	Kwame Raoul (born September 30, 1964) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 13th district since his appointment to fill the seat vacated by Barack Obama in 2004.	Kwame Raoul	politician
occupation	Greetje Kraan (sometimes misspelled as Geertje) is a former Dutch swimmer.	Greetje Kraan	swimmer
occupation	Ryan Potter (born September 12, 1995) is an American actor, voice actor and martial artist.	Ryan Potter	actor
occupation	Joe Dubuque (born May 17, 1982) is an American amateur wrestler commonly referred to as ``The Champ''.	Joe Dubuque	amateur wrestler
occupation	Austin Blair (February 8, 1818 -- August 6, 1894), also known as the Civil War Governor, was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.	Austin Blair	politician
occupation	Chad Ackerman (born November 30, 1983) is a rock singer, songwriter, musician, writer, director, actor, producer, and a vegan.	Chad Ackerman	singer, songwriter
occupation	Bryant Jennings (born September 25, 1984) is an American professional boxer and world heavyweight title challenger.	Bryant Jennings	boxer
occupation	Frank Austen Gooch (1852 -- 1929) was a chemist and engineer.	Frank Austen Gooch	chemist	engineer
occupation	Wayne Caparas (born February 8, 1963) is an American writer, award-winning entrepreneur, and actor.	Wayne Caparas	actor
occupation	Charles Sieger was an Italian-American boxer who fought in the early 1900s.	Charles Sieger	boxer
occupation	Terry O'Sullivan (July 7, 1915 -- September 14, 2006) was an American actor, best known for his role on the soap opera Search for Tomorrow as ``Arthur Tate'' (1952--1955, 1956--1966).	Terry O'Sullivan	actor
occupation	El Guincho is the recording alias of Spanish musician Pablo Díaz-Reixa.	El Guincho	musician
occupation	Stephanie Cadieux (born 1972 or 1973) is a Canadian politician, who was elected as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election, representing the riding of Surrey-Panorama.	Stephanie Cadieux	politician
occupation	Luigi Cozzi (born September 7, 1947) is an Italian movie director and screenwriter who directed mainly science fiction and horror films in the mid-1970s and throughout the 1980s.	Luigi Cozzi	screenwriter
occupation	Aṣa (pronounced ``Asha''; born 17 September 1982) is a Nigerian French singer, songwriter, and recording artist.	Aṣa	singer	songwriter
occupation	Michael DeLorenzo (born October 31, 1959) is an American actor, director and musician.	Michael DeLorenzo	actor
occupation	Bernard Erhard (February 6, 1934 -- November 1, 2000) was an American voice actor.	Bernard Erhard	voice actor
occupation	Angelo Cannavacciuolo (born 1956) is an Italian writer and director.	Angelo Cannavacciuolo	writer
occupation	Alexander Collera Castro (born September 27, 1985), better known as Alex Castro, is a Filipino singer, actor and performer signed to GMA Network, yet later transferred to its rival network ABS-CBN.	Alex Castro	singer
occupation	Sarah Nettleton (born October 1, 1950) is an American architect, landscape designer, and author.	Sarah Nettleton	architect
occupation	Jimmy Harnen is an American adult contemporary singer, songwriter and drummer.	Jimmy Harnen	singer
occupation	Frederick Segrest (born December 21, 1926), known professionally as Freddie Hart, is an American country musician and songwriter best known for his No. 1 hit ``Easy Loving,'' which won the Country Music Association Song of the Year award in 1971 and 1972.	Freddie Hart	musician	songwriter
occupation	Pietro Paolo Agabito or Agabiti (c1470-c1540) was an Italian painter, sculptor, and architect from the Marche region.	Pietro Paolo Agabito	painter	sculptor	architect
occupation	William Hammond Wright (November 4, 1871 -- May 16, 1959) was an American astronomer and the director of the Lick Observatory from 1935 until 1942.	William Hammond Wright	astronomer
occupation	Becky Priest is an American country music singer-songwriter and instrumentalist hailing from Hubbard, Texas now based in Nashville, Tennessee.	Becky Priest	songwriter
occupation	(in German, translated: Israel Alter- the singer of the Synagogue of Hanover / European Centre for Jewish Music remembers the legendary cantor at the commemoration occasion 75 years after Kristallnacht), in:	Israel Alter	singer
occupation	Jacob Artist (born October 17, 1992) is an American actor, singer and dancer.	Jacob Artist	actor	dancer
occupation	Francis Sayles (November 22, 1891 -- March 19, 1944) was an American character actor at the beginning of the sound film era.	Francis Sayles	actor
occupation	Marko Kivenmäki is a Finnish ice hockey player who played professionally in SM-liiga for Ässät, Lukko and TPS.	Marko Kivenmäki	ice hockey player
occupation	Charles W. Socarides (January 24, 1922 -- December 25, 2005) was an American psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, physician, educator and author.	Charles W. Socarides	psychiatrist	psychoanalyst
occupation	Temir Sariyev (Kyrgyz: Темир Сариев, (temir sɑˈrijev)) (born 1963) is a Kyrgyz politician who has been Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan since 2015.	Temir Sariyev	politician
occupation	Anthony White (born April 23, 1954) better known by his ring name Tony Atlas is an American bodybuilder, powerlifter, and professional wrestler who has held multiple titles and championships in each sport.	Tony Atlas	professional wrestler
occupation	Brenda Holloway (born June 26, 1946) is an American singer and songwriter, who was a recording artist for Motown Records during the 1960s.	Brenda Holloway	singer and songwriter
occupation	Tina Shafer is a singer-songwriter and vocal coach who has penned songs for such artists as Celine Dion, Sheena Easton, Phoebe Snow, Billy Porter, and Anna Vissi.	Tina Shafer	singer-songwriter
occupation	Bernard Allison (born November 26, 1965) is an American blues guitarist, based out of Paris, France.	Bernard Allison	guitarist
occupation	Anjula Mutanda born of mixed Indian/Ugandan heritage; and mixed religious heritage; is a British broadcaster, social scientist, counselling and relationship psychologist, life coach and therapist.	Anjula Mutanda	psychologist
occupation	Said Hammami (Arabic: سعيد حمّامي‎) was a Palestinian politician, diplomat and journalist.	Said Hammami	diplomat
occupation	Jean-Paul Comart (born 27 September 1953) is a Belgian actor best known for his appearances in French film in the 1980s.	Jean-Paul Comart	actor
occupation	Jean-Maurice Simard (June 21, 1931 -- June 16, 2001) was a Canadian Chartered Accountant and politician remembered as a strong promoter of French language rights and defender of Canadian bilingualism.	Jean-Maurice Simard	politician
occupation	Nicolay Nicolaysen Sontum (1852--1915) was a Norwegian engineer, businessperson and contractor.	Nicolay Nicolaysen Sontum	engineer
occupation	Thomas Olde Heuvelt; (1983) is a Dutch writer whose short stories have received awards and been nominated for such awards as the Paul Harland Prize, the Science Fiction & Fantasy Translation Awards and the Hugo Award for Best Novelette.	Thomas Olde Heuvelt	writer
occupation	Shad Qadri (born c. 1952 in Pakistan) is a politician and businessman in Ottawa, Ontario.	Shad Qadri	politician
occupation	Dietrich von Bausznern (March 19, 1928 -- January 20, 1980) was a German composer, cantor, organist and music teacher.	Dietrich von Bausznern	composer
occupation	Harry Kozol (August 2, 1906 -- August 27, 2008) was an American neurologist who helped establish the new fields of forensic psychiatry and neuropsychiatry and also had public cases with Eugene O'Neill, the Boston Strangler, and Patty Hearst.	Harry Kozol	neurologist
occupation	Justin Depretis (born July 25, 1982) is a retired American professional ice hockey player who played for the organization of the Pittsburgh Penguins.	Justin Depretis	ice hockey player
occupation	Timothy Zahn (born September 1, 1951) is an American writer of science fiction and fantasy.	Timothy Zahn	writer
occupation	Simhalan Madhava Panicker was a well known South Asian martial artist and actor of film and theater.	Simhalan Madhava Panicker	actor
occupation	Kir Stefan the Serb (second half of the 14th and 15th century) was a Serbian monk, protopsaltos, musicologist, choirmaster and more importantly, composer of the chants developed within the sphere of the activities of Byzantine culture in the Serbian state.	Kir Stefan the Serb	composer
occupation	Wiesław Wałkuski is a graphic designer born in Poland.	Wiesław Wałkuski	graphic designer
occupation	Giorgos Ch. Theocharis (Greek: Γιώργος Χ. Θεοχάρης) is a Greek novelist, poet and writer.	Giorgos Ch. Theocharis	novelist
occupation	Homayoun Ershadi (sometimes spelled Homayon Ershadi, Persian: همایون ارشادی ‎‎, born 1947) is an Iranian actor.	Homayoun Ershadi	actor
occupation	Alan Rankine (born 17 May 1958) is a Scottish musician and record producer best known as keyboardist/guitarist for the rock band Associates, which he co-founded with Billy Mackenzie in the late 1970s.	Alan Rankine	guitarist
occupation	William Crary Brownell (1851--1928) was an American journalist and literary critic influenced by Matthew Arnold.	William Crary Brownell	journalist
occupation	Claus Møinichen or Claus á Møinichen (c. 1660, Copenhagen -- probably after 1726) was a Danish painter.	Claus Møinichen	painter
occupation	Philip de Jersey is a Guernsey archaeologist and numismatist.	Philip de Jersey	archaeologist
occupation	Arthur Woodcock was a first class cricketer who played in 121 first-class matches for Leicestershire CCC from 1894 to 1908 and appeared for London County in 1900.	Arthur Woodcock	cricketer
occupation	Malia Hosaka (born October 7, 1969), is an American professional wrestler.	Malia Hosaka	professional wrestler
occupation	Kayvan Novak (Persian: کیوان نوک‎‎; born 23 November 1978) is a British-Iranian actor, voice artist, and comedian.	Kayvan Novak	actor	comedian
occupation	Taisha Abelar, born Maryann Simko, is an American writer and anthropologist who was an associate of Carlos Castaneda.	Taisha Abelar	anthropologist
occupation	Miriam Mahdaviani is a choreographer, a former New York City Ballet dancer and a repetiteur for the George Balanchine Trust.	Miriam Mahdaviani	choreographer
occupation	Herbert Kelsey Jones (June 17, 1922 -- October 10, 2004) was a Canadian composer, pianist, harpsichordist, teacher, and founder of the Saint John Symphony Orchestra, now known as Symphony New Brunswick, which he conducted from 1950 to 1953.	Kelsey Jones	composer
occupation	Peter H. Salus is a linguist, computer scientist, historian of technology, author in many fields, and an editor of books and journals.	Peter H. Salus	linguist	computer scientist
occupation	Eduardo Suger Cofiño (November 29, 1938) is a Guatemalan physicist, scholar, and politician.	Eduardo Suger	physicist	politician
occupation	Marcus Blake is an American, Los Angeles based, musician and songwriter.	Marcus Blake	songwriter
occupation	Shaukat Hussain Samrat (Urdu: شوکت حسین سمراٹ‎) best known by his screen name Pappu Samrat (Urdu: پپو سمراٹ‎) is an award winning Pakistani veteran choreographer.	Pappu Samrat	choreographer
occupation	Dita Von Teese (born Heather Renée Sweet; September 28, 1972) is an American burlesque dancer, model, costume designer, entrepreneur and occasional actress.	Dita Von Teese	model
occupation	Joel Beckett (born Joel Bygraves) is an English actor, known for playing Jake Moon in the BBC soap opera EastEnders from December 2004 to October 2006 and as Lee in the British comedy series The Office.	Joel Beckett	actor
occupation	Ferdinand Eidman (December 1, 1842 Worms, then in the Grand Duchy of Hesse, now in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany -- May 5, 1910 Manhattan, New York City) was an American politician from New York.	Ferdinand Eidman	politician
occupation	Stevan Aleksić (Cyrillic: Стеван Алексић) (December 23, 1876 -- November 2, 1923) was a Serbian painter born in Austria-Hungary.	Stevan Aleksić	painter
occupation	Melanie Bromley (born September 30, 1974) is an American-based British-born journalist and broadcaster, currently the chief correspondent for E!	Melanie Bromley	journalist
occupation	Earle Raymond Hedrick (September 27, 1876 -- February 3, 1943), was an American mathematician and a vice-president of the University of California.	Earle Raymond Hedrick	mathematician
occupation	Ismail Yassine (also credited as Ismail Yasseen; Arabic: إسماعيل ياسين‎ IPA: (esmæˈʕiːl jæˈsiːn)) (September 15, 1912 − May 24, 1972) was an Egyptian comedian/actor.	Ismail Yassine	actor
occupation	Esmond Unwin Butler, OC, CVO (July 13, 1922 -- December 18, 1989) was a Canadian diplomat.	Esmond Unwin Butler	diplomat
occupation	The ``eponymous'' historian Alessio Robles's book collection is an important collection of 14,000 volumes (17th to 19th century) in the museum named ``Centro Cultural Vito Alessio Robles'' in Saltillo.	Vito Alessio Robles	historian
occupation	Holly Black née Riggenbach (born November 10, 1971) is an American writer and editor best known for The Spiderwick Chronicles, a series of children's fantasy books she created with writer and illustrator Tony DiTerlizzi, and a trilogy of Young Adult novels officially called the Modern Faerie Tales trilogy.	Holly Black	writer
occupation	Prashant Dayal is an Indian journalist, who broke the story of Sohrabuddin encounter case in November 2006.	Prashant Dayal	journalist
occupation	Tom Reiss (born May 5, 1964) is an American author, historian, and journalist.	Tom Reiss	historian	journalist
occupation	Minerva Hernández Ramos (born September 15, 1969 in Tlaxcala) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) who has served in the lower and upper house of the Mexican Congress.	Minerva Hernández Ramos	politician
occupation	Godfrey Stillman Rockefeller (May 1, 1899 -- February 23, 1983) was an American financier.	Godfrey Stillman Rockefeller	financier
occupation	Burnham Martin (August 10, 1811 -- November 17, 1882) was a Vermont lawyer, farmer and politician who served as Lieutenant Governor for two years.	Burnham Martin	politician
occupation	Paul Sabapathy CBE is a retired British accountant and business manager, of Indian origin, and was Lord Lieutenant of the West Midlands of England, from 2007 until his resignation in September 2015.	Paul Sabapathy	accountant
occupation	Carlo Ascenzi (Rome, 17th century) was an Italian painter, active in a Baroque style.	Carlo Ascenzi	painter
occupation	Mark Rutland (born November 5, 1947) is a missionary, evangelist, ordained minister of the International Ministerial Fellowship, and president of Global Servants.	Mark Rutland	missionary
occupation	Jarrod Atkinson is an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon.	Jarrod Atkinson	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Ernest E. Brett was the head coach of the University of Miami football program in 1930.	Ernest E. Brett	head coach
occupation	Marie Waldron is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly.	Marie Waldron	politician
occupation	Jeanne Napoli (October 26, 1938 - October 24, 2010) was an American singer, songwriter, and performer.	Jeanne Napoli	singer, songwriter
occupation	Octavio Augusto Perez Ocana, known as Octavio Ocaña, is a Mexican actor known for his role of Benito in the TV series Vecinos.	Octavio Ocaña	actor
occupation	Désiré Munyaneza (born 1966) is a Rwandan businessman and convicted war criminal who was living in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, before being imprisoned.	Désiré Munyaneza	criminal
occupation	Edgar Rice Burroughs (September 1, 1875 -- March 19, 1950) was an American writer best known for his creations of the jungle hero Tarzan and the heroic Mars adventurer John Carter, although he produced works in many genres.	Edgar Rice Burroughs	writer
occupation	Isaac Vallie-Flagg (born April 8, 1978) is an American mixed martial artist, who formerly competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Isaac Vallie-Flagg	mixed martial artist
occupation	Stian Aker (born June 17, 1980) is a Norwegian polar explorer.	Stian Aker	explorer
occupation	Mary Polak (born 1967 or 1968) is a Canadian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia (MLA) for the riding of Langley.	Mary Polak	politician
occupation	Thomas Sowell (/soʊl/; born June 30, 1930) is an American economist, social theorist, political philosopher, and author.	Thomas Sowell	economist
occupation	Ronald Fields (January 11, 1968 -- September 4, 2001), better known by his stage name Cougnut, was an American rapper from the Lakeview neighborhood of San Francisco, California.	Cougnut	rapper
occupation	Eugen Sterpu (nickname Gicu, born June 10, 1963), is a painter, as is his Estonian wife Viive Sterpu.	Eugen Sterpu	painter
occupation	Mónika Juhász Miczura is a Hungarian Roma singer, also known as Mitsou and Mitsoura.	Mónika Juhász Miczura	singer
occupation	Dr. Dirk-Achim Pajonk (born March 27, 1969) is a German physician and former athlete.	Dirk-Achim Pajonk	physician
occupation	Marion Reilly is an Australian politician and was a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the multi-member single electorate of Molonglo for the Labor Party.	Marion Reilly	politician
occupation	Robert Jastrow (September 7, 1925 -- February 8, 2008) was an American astronomer, physicist and cosmologist.	Robert Jastrow	astronomer	physicist
occupation	Julie Crochetière (born July 10, 1980 in Montreal) is an independent Canadian singer/songwriter, pianist and arranger.	Julie Crochetière	singer
occupation	Gina Pellón (December 26, 1926 -- March 27, 2014) was a Cuban painter who lived in France.	Gina Pellón	painter
occupation	He is now an independent journalist with Dennis Trudeau Communications Incorporated and works as a contract master of ceremonies, moderator, discussion leader or facilitator.	Dennis Trudeau	journalist
occupation	Kenny Vance (born December 9, 1943) is an American singer, songwriter, and music producer who was an original founding member of Jay and the Americans.	Kenny Vance	singer, songwriter
occupation	Emilio Alfaro, born Emilio Villariño Alfaro (January 20, 1933 -- July 18, 1998), was an Argentine actor, and theatre and film director.	Emilio Alfaro	actor
occupation	John Littler (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 9 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1791 to 1793.	John Littler	cricketer
occupation	Robert Neal Marshall is an actor, director, producer and playwright who has worked on Off-Broadway, in Regional theater in the United States, on Broadway and in London's West End.	Robert Neal Marshall	actor
occupation	Peter Manning FRSA is a British conductor and violinist.	Peter Manning	conductor
occupation	Keith Thornton (born October 7, 1966), better known by his stage name Kool Keith, is an American rapper from The Bronx, New York known for his surreal, abstract and often profane or incomprehensible lyrics.	Kool Keith	rapper
occupation	Dimitri Voudouris (Greek: Δημήτριος Βουδούρης), is an electroacoustic, new music composer, scientific researcher and pharmacist living in South Africa who pioneered UNYAZI,http://www.newmusicsa.org.za/unyazi2005.html the first electronic music festival and symposium on the African continent in 2005 that took place at University of the Witwatersrand, in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Dimitri Voudouris	composer
occupation	Vladimir Dinets is a zoologist and author, known for his studies of Crocodilian behavior and of numerous rare animals in remote parts of the world, as well as for popular writings in Russian and English.	Vladimir Dinets	zoologist
occupation	Jean-Claude Rivest (born January 27, 1943) is a Canadian lawyer, former politician and Senator.	Jean-Claude Rivest	lawyer	politician
occupation	Cheryl Anne Norton, better known by her stage name Cherrelle, (born October 13, 1958) is an American R&B singer who gained fame in the 1980s.	Cherrelle	singer
occupation	Theodore Ayrault Dodge (May 28, 1842 -- October 26, 1909) was an American officer and military historian.	Theodore Ayrault Dodge	military historian
occupation	Diana Mera is an international Spanish Pop singer.	Diana Mera	singer
occupation	Karen Wolstenholme (born 16 October 1962) is a British diplomat who was Ambassador to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) 2011--12.	Karen Wolstenholme	diplomat
occupation	Kevin Allison (born February 16, 1970) is a comedic writer and actor.	Kevin Allison	actor
occupation	Nisha Krishnan got engaged to actor Ganesh Venkatraman in February 2015, and the pair got married on 22 November 2015.	Nisha Krishnan	actor
occupation	J. Elizabeth Mitchell (born June 29, 1969) is an American politician and health advocate from Maine.	J. Elizabeth Mitchell	politician
occupation	William James Royce is an American playwright/director, screenwriter, and novelist.	William James Royce	novelist
occupation	Joe Grim (born Saverio Giannone; March 16, 1881 -- January 1, 1939) was an Italian American boxer of the early 20th century.	Joe Grim	boxer
occupation	Amnon Niv (Hebrew: אמנון ניב‎) (February 23, 1930 -- June 6, 2011) was an Israeli architect and urban designer.	Amnon Niv	architect
occupation	Jacques Lamarre is a Canadian businessman and civil engineer.	Jacques Lamarre	civil engineer
occupation	Rodrigo Gracie (born March 11, 1975) is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.	Rodrigo Gracie	mixed martial artist
occupation	Colin Brady is an American animator and film director.	Colin Brady	film director
occupation	Bezawada Papi Reddy బెజవాడ పాపి రెడ్డి was a politician known for his wit n quick repartee.	Bezawada Papi Reddy	politician
occupation	Harald Kloser (born July 9, 1956) is an Austrian-born film composer, writer, and producer who has won the BMI Film Music Award in 2005 for both of his scores of Alien vs. Predator and The Day After Tomorrow.	Harald Kloser	composer
occupation	Kurt Bollacker is an American computer scientist with a research background in the areas of machine learning, digital libraries, semantic networks, and electro-cardiographic modeling.	Kurt Bollacker	computer scientist
occupation	Margret Wander (born May 23, 1981), better known by her stage name Dessa, is an American rapper, singer, spoken word artist, and writer.	Dessa	singer
occupation	Hope Clarke (born March 23, 1941) is an African-American actress, dancer, vocalist, choreographer, and director.	Hope Clarke	choreographer
occupation	Itsye Mordkhe Schaechter (Yiddish: איציע מרדכי שעכטער‎; December 1, 1927 -- February 15, 2007) was a leading Yiddish linguist, as well as a writer and educator who spent a lifetime studying, standardizing and teaching the language.	Mordkhe Schaechter	linguist
occupation	Bruno Sanfilippo is a classically trained musician and composer.	Bruno Sanfilippo	musician	composer
occupation	Johnny Quinn (born November 6, 1983) is an American bobsledder and former gridiron football player.	Johnny Quinn	bobsledder	gridiron football player
occupation	Adrian Justine Muhlach or AJ Muhlach (born May 20, 1992), is a Filipino pop singer, actor, and a member of the boy band XLR8.	AJ Muhlach	actor
occupation	Sharnael Wolverton is an American author, minister, and television host.	Sharnael Wolverton	minister
occupation	Hrabia Eryk Kurnatowski (October 8, 1883 -- February 23, 1975) was a Polish nobleman and politician who served a Member of the Senate from 1922 to 1927.	Eryk Kurnatowski	politician
occupation	Jameson Currier (October 16, 1955) is an American novelist, short story writer, poet, critic, journalist, editor, and publisher.	Jameson Currier	novelist
occupation	Eugène Gabritschevsky (December 1893 -- April 5, 1979) was a Russian biologist and artist.	Eugène Gabritschevsky	biologist	artist
occupation	Lesra Martin is a Canadian lawyer and motivational speaker.	Lesra Martin	lawyer
occupation	Aljean Harmetz is a Hollywood journalist and film historian.	Aljean Harmetz	historian
occupation	Brian Langtry (born May 16, 1976) is a former lacrosse player for the Colorado Mammoth of the National Lacrosse League and the Denver Outlaws of Major League Lacrosse.	Brian Langtry	lacrosse player
occupation	Tioda was a prominent Asturian architect of the 9th century.	Tioda	architect
occupation	Alvin Ailey (January 5, 1931 -- December 1, 1989) was an African-American choreographer and activist who founded the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater in New York City.	Alvin Ailey	choreographer
occupation	Karleen Pendleton Jiménez is an American-Canadian writer and academic.	Karleen Pendleton Jiménez	writer
occupation	Paul Juon (Russian: Па́вел Фёдорович Юо́н, Pavel Fyodorovich Yuon; March 6, 1872 -- August 21, 1940) was a Russian-born Swiss composer.	Paul Juon	composer
occupation	Maximilian Gosseau de Henef (also spelled Coseaux and de Heneff) was an Austrian architect of Alsatian descent.	Maximilian Gosseau de Henef	architect
occupation	Raluca Sbîrcia (born 14 July 1989) is a Romanian épée fencer, bronze medallist in the 2013 World Fencing Championships.	Raluca Sbîrcia	fencer
occupation	Jon Sudbø (born May 3, 1961) is a Norwegian dentist, physician, and former medical researcher, who was exposed as a scientific fraudster in 2006.	Jon Sudbø	dentist	physician
occupation	Count Antoni Jan Ostrowski (1782--1845) was a Polish noble (szlachcic), landowner, political and economic activist, general and publicist.	Antoni Jan Ostrowski	publicist
occupation	Peter V. Brett (born February 8, 1973) is an American fantasy novelist.	Peter V. Brett	novelist
occupation	Michael Bailey Smith (born November 2, 1957) is an American movie and television actor.	Michael Bailey Smith	actor
occupation	Bill T. Jones (born February 15, 1952) is an American artistic director, choreographer and dancer.	Bill T. Jones	choreographer
occupation	Joe Glick was a prolific Jewish boxer from Brooklyn who established himself early as a top contender among Junior Lightweights.	Joe Glick	boxer
occupation	Christian Jobin (born April 7, 1952) is a Canadian politician and was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the district of Lévis-et-Chutes-de-la-Chaudière from 2003 to 2004.	Christian Jobin	politician
occupation	Louis J. Wilde (July 16, 1865 -- April 18, 1924) was an American banker and Republican politician from California.	Louis J. Wilde	politician
occupation	Anatoly Georgievich Ufimtsev (Russian: Анатолий Георгиевич Уфимцев) (1880-1936) was a Russian engineer and aviation pioneer.	Anatoly Georgievich Ufimtsev	engineer
occupation	Tynisha Keli Soares (born July 28, 1985), known by her stage name Tynisha Keli, is an American R&B and pop singer-songwriter, who has seen her greatest success in Japan.	Tynisha Keli	singer
occupation	Elizabeth Hilden (born on November 5, 1969) is an American adult model.	Elizabeth Hilden	model
occupation	Kenneth F. Sutherland (October 2, 1888 on Coney Island, Kings County, New York -- November 14, 1954 in Sea Gate, Brooklyn, New York City) was an American politician from New York.	Kenneth F. Sutherland	politician
occupation	Dionysius Chalcus (Greek: Διονύσιος ὁ Χαλκοῦς) was an ancient Athenian poet and orator.	Dionysius Chalcus	poet
occupation	Al Bernardin (February 17, 1928 -- December 22, 2009) was an American restaurateur and businessman who invented the McDonald's Quarter Pounder in 1971 as a franchise owner in Fremont, California.	Al Bernardin	restaurateur
occupation	Kevin T. Bauder is a Baptist theologian.	Kevin T. Bauder	theologian
occupation	Anoka Faruqee (born 1972) is an American painter and since 2011 an associate professor of painting and printmaking at Yale University.	Anoka Faruqee	painter
occupation	Meghan Kalkstein is an American broadcast journalist for KATU in Portland, Oregon.	Meghan Kalkstein	journalist
occupation	Jennifer Higgie is an Australian novelist, screenwriter, art critic and co-editor of the London-based contemporary arts magazine, Frieze.	Jennifer Higgie	novelist
occupation	Mariano Matamoros y Guridi (August 14, 1770 -- February 3, 1814) was a Mexican Roman Catholic priest and revolutionary rebel soldier of the Mexican War of Independence, who fought for independence against Spain in the early 19th century.	Mariano Matamoros	priest
occupation	Joseph Somers is an American artist and painter most famous for his canvases, three-dimensional in both their structure and illusion.	Joseph Somers	artist
occupation	Thomas Mallon (born November 2, 1951) is an American novelist, essayist, and critic.	Thomas Mallon	novelist
occupation	Henry Cronjager was a pioneering cinematographer during the early days of silent film, right up through the beginning of the sound film era.	Henry Cronjager	cinematographer
occupation	Francine Allard (born October 16, 1949) is a Quebec educator, novelist, poet, and visual artist.	Francine Allard	novelist
occupation	In Guayaquil the Carlos Cueva Tamariz road is in Urdesa Central His son Juan, also a diplomat, was also Ambassador of Ecuador at a United Nations Organization, the Unesco.	Carlos Cueva Tamariz	diplomat
occupation	Matthew Simmonds, also known as 4mat or 4-Mat, is a British electronic musician, sound designer, and video game composer best known for his chiptunes written in tracker software.	4mat	composer
occupation	Patrick Rabbitt is an English psychologist who has specialised in researching the mental effects of aging -- cognitive gerontology.	Patrick Rabbitt	psychologist
occupation	Nasima Razmyar (born September 13, 1984 in Kabul, Afghanistan) is an Afghan- Finnish politician and a member of the Finnish Parliament, representing the Social Democratic Party.	Nasima Razmyar	politician
occupation	Grace Garland (born New York City, U.S.) is an American singer-songwriter and actress.	Grace Garland	songwriter
occupation	Lydia Davis (born July 15, 1947) is an American writer noted for her short stories.	Lydia Davis	writer
occupation	John Callan O'Laughlin (January 11, 1873 -- March 14, 1949) was a journalist and longtime publisher of the Army and Navy Journal.	John Callan O'Laughlin	journalist
occupation	Edward Weinfeld (May 14, 1901 -- January 17, 1988) was a longtime federal judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, from 1950 to 1988.	Edward Weinfeld	judge
occupation	Des James is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Sandy Bay in the Tasmanian Football League (TFL).	Des James	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Rajni Bakshi is a Mumbai-based freelance journalist and author.	Rajni Bakshi	journalist	author
occupation	Arthur Charles Alfred Norman (1858-1944), often referred to as A.C.A. Norman, was a British architect who was active in Malaya at the end of the 19th century and the beginning of 20th century.	Arthur Charles Alfred Norman	architect
occupation	Georg Ernst Ludwig Hampe (July 5, 1795 -- November 23, 1880) was a German pharmacist, botanist and bryologist who was a native of Fürstenberg.	Georg Ernst Ludwig Hampe	pharmacist	botanist	bryologist
occupation	Ágnes Lehóczky is a Hungarian poet and translator born in Budapest, 1976.	Ágnes Lehóczky	poet
occupation	William Duncan McLeod (April 4, 1852 -- August 14, 1908) was a cheese maker, farmer and politician in Ontario.	William Duncan McLeod	farmer	politician
occupation	Elizabeth Helme (died c. 1814) was an English novelist and translator of the 18th century.	Elizabeth Helme	novelist
occupation	Shaun Toub (Persian: شان طوب‎‎, born 1963) is an Iranian film and television actor.	Shaun Toub	actor
occupation	Frank B. Livingstone (December 8, 1928 -- March 21, 2005) was an American biological anthropologist.	Frank B. Livingstone	anthropologist
occupation	Hungarian born Ida Jenbach was a playwright and screenwriter for German and Austrian cinema during the 1920s.	Ida Jenbach	screenwriter
occupation	Manuel Maples Arce (May 1, 1898 - June 26, 1981) was a Mexican poet, writer, art critic, lawyer and diplomat, especially known as the founder of the Stridentism movement.	Manuel Maples Arce	poet	diplomat
occupation	Dr. Josephine Gabler (January 16, 1879 - June 13, 1961) was a physician who performed illegal abortions in Chicago, serving the entire Midwest, during the 1930s.	Josephine Gabler	physician
occupation	Jean-Marc Leclercq (also known as JoMo) is a French singer and Esperantist from Toulouse.	Jean-Marc Leclercq	singer	Esperantist
occupation	Marc Abraham is an American film producer, director, and former president of Strike Entertainment, a production company he launched in early 2002 with a multi-year, first look arrangement with Universal Pictures.	Marc Abraham	film producer
occupation	Ignacio Luis Arcaya had a son, Ignacio Arcaya (1939), who went on to become a career diplomat.	Ignacio Luis Arcaya	diplomat
occupation	Beverly Michaels (December 28, 1928 -- June 9, 2007) was an American B-movie actress and cheesecake model of the 1950s.	Beverly Michaels	model
occupation	Lamont Pearson, (born February 18, 1971 in Washington, D.C.) is a professional boxer in the United States.	Lamont Pearson	boxer
occupation	Warren Bullock is a professional ballroom dancer and dance teacher.	Warren Bullock	dancer
occupation	Wilhelm Rust (August 15, 1822 -- May 2, 1892) was a German musicologist and composer.	Wilhelm Rust	musicologist	composer
occupation	Dr. Thomas Hale, Jr (born October 10, 1937) is an American physician and author who is best known for his 25 years of missionary work in the Himalayan Mountains of Nepal.	Thomas Hale, Jr	missionary
occupation	Gokaraju Ganga Raju (Telugu: గోకరాజు గంగరాజు) is an Indian politician and a Member of Parliament to the 16th Lok Sabha from Narsapuram (Lok Sabha constituency), Andhra Pradesh.	Gokaraju Ganga Raju	politician
occupation	Mark Maryanovich is a Canadian photographer and artist.	Mark Maryanovich	photographer
occupation	Vinkenti Peev was a Bulgarian Catholic priest, Capuchin friar and Vicar Apostolic of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sofia and Plovdiv.	Vinkenti Peev	priest
occupation	John Paczkowski (born August 10, 1969) is an American journalist and blogger who authored the technology blog Good Morning Silicon Valley for Knight Ridder and The San Jose Mercury News from 1999 to 2007.	John Paczkowski	journalist
occupation	Martina Fitzgerald is a Canadian radio journalist, who is the current anchor of CBC Radio One's news program The World This Weekend.	Martina Fitzgerald	journalist
occupation	Dalia Levin (born September 18, 1946) is the former director and chief curator of Herzliya Museum of Contemporary Art (1993-2014).	Dalia Levin	curator
occupation	Almir Aganović is a Bosnian volleyball player at the highest national level.	Almir Aganović	volleyball player
occupation	Reni Santoni (born April 21, 1939) is an American film, television and voice actor.	Reni Santoni	actor
occupation	Eugenio Berríos Sagredo (November 14, 1947 -- 1992) was a Chilean biochemist who worked for the DINA intelligence agency.	Eugenio Berríos	biochemist
occupation	Rauf Khalilov Azad oglu (born October 6, 1981 Baku, Azerbaijan) is a film director, composer, designer and producer.	Rauf Khalilov	film director
occupation	Sulochana Chavan is a Marathi singer who is known for singing various famous lavanis.	Sulochana Chavan	singer
occupation	Rainer Sternal is a German swimmer who won three medals in freestyle relay events at the European championships in 1981 and 1983.	Rainer Sternal	swimmer
occupation	Alfredo Ortiz is an American musician, primarily a drummer and percussionist.	Alfredo Ortiz	drummer
occupation	Ricardo Martínez de Hoyos (October 28, 1918 -- January 11, 2009) was a Mexican painter noted for his figurative work on unreal atmospheres.	Ricardo Martínez de Hoyos	painter
occupation	Bridie Monds-Watson, better known as SOAK, is an Irish singer-songwriter born in Derry, Northern Ireland, in 1996.	SOAK	singer
occupation	Tuiyo Evei was a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.	Tuiyo Evei	rugby league player
occupation	Dik Cadbury is an English multi-instrumentalist and singer, principally known as a bass guitarist and as former member of Decameron and the backing band of former Genesis guitarist Steve Hackett.	Dik Cadbury	guitarist
occupation	Ernestas Galvanauskas (November 20, 1882 -- July 24, 1967) was a Lithuanian engineer, politician and one of the founders of the Lithuanian Peasants' Union (which later merged with the Lithuanian Popular Peasants' Union).	Ernestas Galvanauskas	engineer
occupation	Zhang Yulin (Chinese: 张育林; born January 1958) is an astronautic engineer and lieutenant general of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Zhang Yulin	engineer
occupation	José Fernando Ramírez (May 5, 1804 -- March 4, 1871) was a distinguished Mexican historian in the 19th century.	José Fernando Ramírez	historian
occupation	Hannah Woolley, sometimes spelled Wolley, (1622--c.1675) was an English writer who published early books on household management and was probably the first to earn their living doing this.	Hannah Woolley	writer
occupation	Nasrollah Hekmat (born 1957) is an Iranian philosopher and Professor of philosophy at the Shahid Beheshti University.	Nasrollah Hekmat	philosopher
occupation	Dmitry Sinkovsky (Russian: Дмитрий Синковский) is a Russian virtuoso violinist, concertmaster, countertenor and conductor.	Dmitry Sinkovsky	conductor
occupation	Loren Yamilé Bahamonde Cabello (born June 4, 1987) is an Ecuadorian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events.	Yamilé Bahamonde	swimmer
occupation	Joshua Rosenblum (born May 10, 1963) is an American composer, conductor, pianist, arranger, and music journalist.	Joshua Rosenblum	composer
occupation	Onofre Jarpa Labra (1849-1940) was a Chilean landscape painter in the Romantic style, and an essayist on various artistic topics.	Onofre Jarpa	painter
occupation	Pasuk Phongpaichit (Thai: ผาสุก พงษ์ไพจิตร, rtgs: Phasuk Phongphaichit, born February 11, 1946) is a Thai economist.	Pasuk Phongpaichit	economist
occupation	The Analatos Painter was an Attic vase painter of the Early Proto-Attic style.	Analatos Painter	vase painter
occupation	Nadix (born Nadir Hajro on March 26, 1989 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian trance musician.	Nadix	musician
occupation	Betty Reynolds Cobb received a high school diploma but never completed the formal, official training to become a lawyer.	Betty Reynolds Cobb	lawyer
occupation	Dorothy Langley was the pseudonym of Dorothy Selma Richardson Kissling, (February 14, 1904 -- April 1, 1969) an American novelist.	Dorothy Langley	novelist
occupation	Wayne Thiebaud (born November 15, 1920) is an American painter widely known for his colorful works depicting commonplace objects--pies, lipsticks, paint cans, ice cream cones, pastries, and hot dogs--as well as for his landscapes and figure paintings.	Wayne Thiebaud	painter
occupation	Thomas Fox Averill (born April 30, 1949) is a writer, novelist, and academic from Topeka, Kansas.	Thomas Fox Averill	writer
occupation	A. R. Schwartz, a Jewish Texan politician, was born in Galveston, Texas.	A. R. Schwartz	politician
occupation	J. Bhagyalakshmi is an Indian journalist, poet, and novelist.	J. Bhagyalakshmi	journalist
occupation	Pamfilo of Magliano, O.S.F. (now O.F.M.), was an Italian Franciscan friar, who went to the United States in 1855 to help establish the Order there.	Pamfilo of Magliano	friar
occupation	François Paradis is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in a byelection on October 20, 2014.	François Paradis	politician
occupation	Ted Leo is an American singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist.	Ted Leo	singer
occupation	Louie Clemente (born January 23, 1965) is a former drummer for the Bay Area thrash metal band Testament.	Louie Clemente	drummer
occupation	John Joseph Patrick Ryan (December 30, 1920 -- January 21, 1998), best known by his stage name, Jack Lord, was an American television, film and Broadway actor and director and producer.	Jack Lord	actor
occupation	Mohamed El Naschie (Arabic: محمد النشائي‎) is an Egyptian engineer and theoretical physicist, and the former editor of a controversial journal, Chaos, Solitons & Fractals.	Mohamed El Naschie	physicist
occupation	Carol Welsman (born September 29, 1960 in Toronto) is a Canadian jazz vocalist and pianist.	Carol Welsman	pianist
occupation	Richard Maibaum (May 26, 1909 -- January 4, 1991) was an American film producer, playwright and screenwriter best known for his screenplay adaptations of Ian Fleming's James Bond novels.	Richard Maibaum	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Patrick Whitesell (born February 4, 1965) is an American talent agent and co-CEO of WME, an entertainment and media agency.	Patrick Whitesell	talent agent
occupation	Shoshana Damari (Hebrew: שושנה דמארי‎, Arabic: شوشانه (شمعه) ذماري‎) (March 31, 1923 -- February 14, 2006) was a Yemeni-born Israeli singer known as the ``Queen of Hebrew Music.''	Shoshana Damari	singer
occupation	Steven Pressman is an American journalist, author of two books (Outrageous Betrayal and 50 Children), and director/producer of the documentary film 50 Children:	Steven Pressman	journalist
occupation	Gisela Heisse is a retired German rower who won a silver and a gold medal in the quad sculls at the European championships of 1959--1960, both of them with Herta Weissig.	Gisela Heisse	rower
occupation	Joseph Wiseman (May 15, 1918 -- October 19, 2009) was a Canadian theatre and film actor, best known for starring as the titular antagonist of the first James Bond film, Dr. No, his role as Manny Weisbord on the TV series Crime Story, and his career on Broadway.	Joseph Wiseman	actor
occupation	André Lafosse is also a known guitar musician.	André Lafosse	musician
occupation	Hollywood Beyond was the brainchild of singer-songwriter Mark Rogers.	Hollywood Beyond	songwriter
occupation	Meghan Toohey is a multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, singer, producer, and performer from Massachusetts who resides in Los Angeles.	Meghan Toohey	singer
occupation	Miloš Zahradník is a Czech mathematician who works on statistical mechanics in Charles University in Prague.	Miloš Zahradník	mathematician
occupation	Peter Perring Thoms (fl. 1814 -- 1851) was an English nineteenth century printer and Chinese language translator based in Canton (Guangzhou) and Macau, China.	Peter Perring Thoms	translator
occupation	Jamal Fincher Jones, professionally known as Polow da Don, is an American record producer, songwriter and rapper.	Polow da Don	songwriter
occupation	Dewan Chand is a Fiji Indian educationist and politician who won the Laucala Indian Communal Constituency for the Labour Party in 2006 general election, getting 90% of the votes cast.	Dewan Chand	politician
occupation	Omer Adam (Hebrew: עומר אדם; born October 22, 1993) is an Israeli singer.	Omer Adam	singer
occupation	Kim Bum-soo (Hangul: 김범수; hanja: 金範修, born January 26, 1979), is a South Korean R&B and soul singer (see also K-pop) famous for his smooth vocals and emotive ballads.	Kim Bum-soo	singer
occupation	Lisa McRee (born November 9, 1961) is an American television journalist and former news anchor, born in Fort Worth, Texas.	Lisa McRee	journalist
occupation	John Benger (died c.1457), of Pewsey, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	John Benger	politician
occupation	Jesse Lee Kercheval is a poet, memoirist, translator and fiction writer.	Jesse Lee Kercheval	translator	writer
occupation	Callum Sinclair (born 23 September 1989) is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Callum Sinclair	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Mohammad Reza Tafazzoli (born 1974) is an Iranian composer Mohammad Reza Tafazzoli, was born in 1974 in Karlsruhe Germany.He started his first education in music in the Boys Conservatory of Tehran and graduated in 1992.	Mohammad Reza Tafazzoli	composer
occupation	George Byron Currey (April 4, 1833 -- March 6, 1906) was a pioneer, lawyer, soldier, farmer, and editor in the U.S. state of Oregon.	George Byron Currey	lawyer
occupation	Hannah Holliday Stewart (January 25, 1924 -- February 23, 2010) was an American abstract sculptor who was a prominent member of the Houston art scene and exhibited across the United States, including at the Smithsonian Institution.	Hannah Holliday Stewart	sculptor
occupation	Abijah Adams (c.1754 -- May 18, 1816) was a journalist who frequently found himself involved in controversies.	Abijah Adams	journalist
occupation	Donald Samuel Ornstein (born July 30, 1934, New York) is an American mathematician working in the area of ergodic theory.	Donald Samuel Ornstein	mathematician
occupation	Lý Tế Xuyên (chữ Hán: 李濟川; fl. 1400) was a Vietnamese historian, compiler of the Việt Điện U Linh Tập (Collection of Stories on Spirits of the Departed in the Viet Realm).	Lý Tế Xuyên	historian
occupation	Carlos Knox (born October 7, 1974) is a retired American basketball player who last served as the head coach of the London Lightning of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL).	Carlos Knox	basketball player
occupation	Lesley Selander (May 26, 1900 -- December 5, 1979) was an American film director of Westerns and science fiction movies.	Lesley Selander	film director
occupation	Rocco Silano is an American magician, author, and lecturer.	Rocco Silano	magician	author	lecturer
occupation	Ulisse Ribustini (1852--1944) was an Italian painter, mainly of conventional sacred subjects and genre subjects.	Ulisse Ribustini	painter
occupation	Leah Renee Cudmore (born October 1, 1985), often credited as Leah Cudmore or Leah Renee, is a Canadian actress and singer.	Leah Renee Cudmore	singer
occupation	Stephan Rose is a boxer from Guyana who participated in the 1991 Pan American Games.	Stephan Rose	boxer
occupation	Jimmy Cha (Korean: 차민수, Hanja: 車敏洙, born January 15, 1951), also known as Ch'a Min-su, is a South Korean professional go and avid poker player.	Jimmy Cha	poker player
occupation	Eric Tingstad (born December 16, 1954) is an American record producer, musician, songwriter and composer.	Eric Tingstad	songwriter	composer
occupation	Camillo Tanio Boccia (1912--1982) was an Italian film director and screenwriter active in the 1960s.	Tanio Boccia	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Del Howison (born June 3, 1953) is an American horror author, editor and actor.	Del Howison	actor
occupation	Alvin Joseph Melveger (born 1937) is an American scientist specializing in physical chemistry, spectroscopy, biomaterials, polymers and other disciplines, Alvin Joseph Melveger has had a long multifaceted career in chemical analysis, research, editing, publishing and teaching.	Alvin Joseph Melveger	scientist
occupation	John Clyve was an English gothic architect, responsible for the nave, tower and west front of Worcester Cathedral.	John Clyve	architect
occupation	Gen. Antoni Chruściel ((anˈtɔɲi ˈxruɕt͡ɕel) nom de guerre Monter; 1895--1960) was a Polish military officer and a general of the Polish Army.	Antoni Chruściel	officer
occupation	John C. Davis was a labor economist and was U.S. President Harry S. Truman's chief of staff of the Council of Economic Advisers.	John C. Davis	economist
occupation	Rudolph Pariser (born December 8, 1923) is a physical and polymer chemist.	Rudolph Pariser	chemist
occupation	Rhys Chatham (born September 19, 1952) is an American composer, guitarist, trumpet player, multi-instrumentalist (flutes in C, alto and bass, keyboard), primarily active in avant-garde and minimalist music.	Rhys Chatham	composer
occupation	Chris Marion (born January 8, 1962) is an American musician best known as a member of Little River Band and for his contribution to the rock music and gospel music industries.	Chris Marion	musician
occupation	Holly Hartman is an American writer of children's literature who is best known for her book Grandpa's Secret Potion, published in 1996.	Holly Hartman	writer
occupation	Seth Gandrud is an actor from North Dakota and currently living in Los Angeles, California.	Seth Gandrud	actor
occupation	Bernard Bailyn (born September 9, 1922) is an American historian, author, and professor specializing in U.S. Colonial and Revolutionary-era History.	Bernard Bailyn	historian
occupation	Roberta Murgo Thaise (born May 8, 1987), is a Brazilian model, who has posed for numerous publications including Maxim and the magazine Beauty is Divine.	Roberta Murgo	model
occupation	Godefroi de Leigni was a clerk and an associate of Chrétien de Troyes during the 12th century, presumably at the court of Marie de Champagne.	Godefroi de Leigni	clerk
occupation	Khadija Qalanjo (Somali: Khadiija Qalanjo, Arabic: خديجة قالانجو‎) was a popular Somali singer and folklore dancer in the 1970s and 1980s.	Khadija Qalanjo	singer
occupation	Achim Köhler (also Achim Koehler) is a music producer and sound engineer, mostly known for his longtime collaboration with the German power metal band Primal Fear but he has been involved in the production process of many band's albums mostly in heavy metal genre.	Achim Köhler	engineer
occupation	Seppo Mikkola (1947) is a Finnish astronomer.	Seppo Mikkola	astronomer
occupation	Thomas Blachman (born 1963) is a Danish jazz musician, composer and five times Danish Music Awards-winner.	Thomas Blachman	jazz musician	composer
occupation	Andy Sandberg is an American director, writer, actor, and Tony Award winning producer.	Andy Sandberg	actor
occupation	Marc Huster (born 1 July 1970 in Altdöbern) is a German weightlifter and sports commentator.	Marc Huster	weightlifter
occupation	Qaiser Abbas (born May 7, 1982, Muridke, Punjab) is a Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test in 2000.	Qaiser Abbas	cricketer
occupation	Ashley Rae Maika DiPietro (born Ashley Youmans; April 30, 1985) better known by the stage name Ashley Alexandra Dupré, is a former call girl.	Ashley Alexandra Dupré	call girl
occupation	Johanna Mikl-Leitner (born February 9, 1964) is an Austrian politician of the ÖVP.	Johanna Mikl-Leitner	politician
occupation	Aaron Rodríguez (born June 13, 1976) is a Mexican American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Sicodelico Jr. Rodríguez is the son of Sicodelico and the nephew of Mil Máscaras and Dos Caras, and the cousin of Alberto Del Rio (Dos Caras Jr.).	Sicodelico Jr.	professional wrestler
occupation	Andrew W. Needham is a prominent American tax lawyer.	Andrew W. Needham	lawyer
occupation	Cevin Fisher (born Kevin Fisher, October 26, 1963, East Orange, New Jersey) is an American house music record producer.	Cevin Fisher	record producer
occupation	Roberto Pregadio (December 6, 1928 -- November 15, 2010) was an Italian composer, conductor and TV-personality.	Roberto Pregadio	composer	conductor
occupation	Henry Combs was a structural engineer at Clarence Johnson's famed Skunk Works group of Lockheed Corporation.	Henry Combs	engineer
occupation	Florian Wünsche (born July 18, 1991) is a German actor and well known for his role as Manuel Siewert in the children soap opera Schloss Einstein.	Florian Wünsche	actor
occupation	C. Malcolm Parry (born c. 1938 in Blaenavon) is a Welsh architect, professor emeritus, and TV/radio broadcaster.	Malcolm Parry	architect
occupation	Tamil Cinema's ace actor, Sivaji Ganesan had mentioned in one of his interviews that Bhanupriya is the only actress from the younger generation with matchable acting ability as Savithri and Padmini.	Bhanupriya	actor
occupation	Guillem de l'Olivier d'Arle, also spelled Guilhem del Olivier, was a troubadour, probably active after 1260.	Guillem de l'Olivier	troubadour
occupation	John Yau (born 1950) is an American poet and critic who lives in New York City.	John Yau	poet
occupation	Abner Mares Martínez (born November 28, 1985) is a Mexican professional boxer who has won world championships in three weight divisions, having held the IBF bantamweight, WBC super bantamweight and WBC featherweight titles.	Abner Mares	boxer
occupation	Sir Narcisse-Fortunat Belleau, KCMG QC (October 20, 1808 -- September 14, 1894) was a Canadian politician, lawyer and businessman.	Narcisse-Fortunat Belleau	politician
occupation	Jamie Robertson (born May 30, 1981) is an English film score composer.	Jamie Robertson	composer
occupation	Nicholas Bussmann is a composer and performer.	Nicholas Bussmann	composer
occupation	Dan Prothero is a San Francisco-based independent record producer, recording engineer, and record collector.	Dan Prothero	engineer
occupation	Nick Koudis is an American photographer known for images that have a double meaning that poke fun at social insanity.	Nick Koudis	photographer
occupation	Nongmaithem Chittaranjan Singh, more commonly known as Nongmaithem Pahari, was an Indian singer, a composer, a revolutionist and a writer.	Nongmaithem Pahari	singer	composer
occupation	Oscar Seagle (October 31, 1877 - December 19, 1945) was a prominent musician and music teacher active in the early 20th century.	Oscar Seagle	musician
occupation	Jeannie Hsieh (Chinese: 謝金燕; born December 25, 1974) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter, dancer, actress, and model.	Jeannie Hsieh	singer
occupation	William Trevitt (February 7, 1809 -- February 8, 1881) was a doctor, politician, diplomat, and newspaper publisher in 19th century Ohio.	William Trevitt	politician	diplomat
occupation	Thomas French (born January 3, 1958) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist who worked for the St. Petersburg Times (currently the Tampa Bay Times) for 27 years.	Thomas French	journalist
occupation	John Neilson (July 17, 1776 -- February 1, 1848) was a Scots-Quebecer editor of the newspaper La Gazette de Québec/The Quebec Gazette and a politician.	John Neilson	politician
occupation	Edward Hirst is a picture editor, photographer, videographer and technical consultant specialising in TV, film, music and unit still photography.	Edward Hirst	photographer
occupation	Yoon Min-soo (Hangul: 윤민수; born February 27, 1980) is a South Korean singer and television personality.	Yoon Min-soo	singer
occupation	Eddie Ryder (January 23, 1923 -- March 29, 1997) was an American television and film actor as well as writer, and television director.	Eddie Ryder	actor
occupation	Tom DeMarco (born August 20, 1940) is an American software engineer, author, and consultant on software engineering topics.	Tom DeMarco	engineer
occupation	Marion Janet Harron (September 3, 1903 -- September 26, 1972) was a United States Tax Court judge (c.1936), and best known for having an affair with Lorena Hickok.	Marion Janet Harron	judge
occupation	Maureen Lally-Green is an American lawyer in the state of Pennsylvania.	Maureen Lally-Green	lawyer
occupation	Barry Jensen is a former professional rugby league player in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.	Barry Jensen	rugby league player
occupation	Natálie Kocábová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnataːljɛ ˈkotsaːbovaː)), also known as Natalie Kocab (born May 16, 1984, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech poet, writer and musician.	Natálie Kocábová	poet	writer	musician
occupation	A classically trained violist/violinist, Lunic fuses contemporary and classical instrumentation with electronic music composition.	Lunic	violinist
occupation	Jovan Ajduković (Јован Ајдуковић; 10 January 1968, Novi Sad, Serbia) is a Serbian linguist.	Jovan Ajduković	linguist
occupation	Vincent J. Polistina (born June 10, 1971) is an American Republican politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly, where he represented the 2nd Legislative District from 2008 to 2012.	Vincent J. Polistina	politician
occupation	Ferris Bolton (February 13, 1853 -- May 11, 1937) was a politician and farmer.	Ferris Bolton	politician
occupation	David Meme is primarily known as a producer and musician currently living and working in Brighton.	David Meme	musician
occupation	Philipp Heck (1858--1943) was a German jurist and a leading proponent of the doctrine of jurisprudence of interests.	Philipp Heck	jurist
occupation	Joseph Jasgur (March 23, 1919 -- March 21, 2009) was a photographer who photographed celebrities during the golden age of Hollywood.	Joseph Jasgur	photographer
occupation	Prakash Shetty is an Indian cartoonist and caricaturist known for his Spot caricaturing.	Prakash Shetty	caricaturist
occupation	Richard Sherter (fl. 1419) of Sussex was an English politician.	Richard Sherter	politician
occupation	Paul F Downton is a sustainable city theorist and activist, ecological architect, urbanist and professional writer on architecture, ecocities, environment and the arts.	Paul F Downton	architect
occupation	Arthur Oakley Coltman (A.O. Coltman) was a British architect practising in Malaya for 32 years where he worked as manager of the architecture firm Booty Edwards & Partners.	Arthur Oakley Coltman	architect
occupation	Raphy Leavitt (September 17, 1948 -- August 5, 2015) was a Puerto Rican composer and founder of the salsa orchestra ``La Selecta''.	Raphy Leavitt	composer
occupation	Jean Noël Desmarais (April 11, 1924 -- July 25, 1995) was a Canadian physician, radiologist, and politician.	Jean Noël Desmarais	politician
occupation	John Erman (born August 3, 1935) is an American television and film director, actor and producer.	John Erman	film director
occupation	Clyde Roger Vinson (born February 19, 1940) is a senior federal judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida.	Roger Vinson	judge
occupation	Nikki Sixx (born Frank Carlton Serafino Feranna, Jr.; December 11, 1958) is an American musician, songwriter, radio host, and photographer, best known as the co-founder, bassist, and primary songwriter of the band Mötley Crüe.	Nikki Sixx	musician	bassist
occupation	Federico Esposito (born June 2, 1987 in Piombino) is an Italian windsurfer, who specialized in Neil Pryde RS:	Federico Esposito	windsurfer
occupation	Son of the engineer Robert White (1842-1925), Bruce White joined his father's practice in 1919 together with his brother Colin White in 1923.	Bruce White	engineer
occupation	George Axelrod (June 9, 1922 -- June 21, 2003) was an American screenwriter, producer, playwright and film director, best known for his play, The Seven Year Itch (1952), which was adapted into a movie of the same name starring Marilyn Monroe.	George Axelrod	screenwriter	playwright	film director
occupation	Stuart Rosenberg (August 11, 1927 -- March 15, 2007) was an American film and television director whose motion pictures include Cool Hand Luke (1967), Voyage of the Damned (1976), The Amityville Horror (1979), and The Pope of Greenwich Village (1984).	Stuart Rosenberg	television director
occupation	Christopher Caple or Capell (c.1559 -- 1626) was an English mercer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1625 and 1626.	Christopher Caple	politician
occupation	Shirish Kanekar (Devanagari: शिरीष कणेकर) is a Marathi writer, stage performer, from Maharashtra, India.	Shirish Kanekar	writer
occupation	Adrian Vallarino (born July 19, 1968) is an Uruguayan television and film, producer and director, journalist and cinematographer.	Adrian Vallarino	journalist	cinematographer
occupation	Domenico Galeazzi (Bologna, May 20, 1647 - Bologna, April 9, 1731 ) was an Italian painter.	Domenico Galeazzi	painter
occupation	Prince Bradman Ediriweera is a Sri Lankan former cricketer.	Bradman Ediriweera	cricketer
occupation	Ronald Reng is a German sports journalist and author.	Ronald Reng	journalist	author
occupation	Siôn Ceri (fl. early 16th Century) was a Welsh language poet.	Siôn Ceri	poet
occupation	Muhammad Sarwar Khan Kakar (Pashto: سرور خان کاکړ‎) was a former politician and head of the Pashtun Kakar tribe in the Pakistani province of Balochistan.	Muhammad Sarwar Khan	politician
occupation	Shay Raviv (better known by his stage name Violet Vision) is a Los Angeles-based record producer, songwriter and remixer.	Shay Raviv	record producer	songwriter
occupation	Justus Dartt (February 17, 1836 -- July 1, 1912) was a Vermont farmer, educator and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate and state Commissioner of Education.	Justus Dartt	politician
occupation	Giannis Agouris (Greek: Γιάννης Αγγούρης, July 20, 1930 - August 1, 2006) was a Greek writer and journalist from Achaia.	Giannis Agouris	writer	journalist
occupation	Samuel Shackford Otis (1891-1974) was an architect from Winnetka, Illinois who designed numerous hotels, housing complexes, and other buildings during a nearly 40-year career.	Samuel Shackford Otis	architect
occupation	Hubert Janitschek (1846--1893) was an Austrian-German art historian.	Hubert Janitschek	art historian
occupation	Sergio Reis Silva (born c. 1970), a.k.a. maestro Sany Pitbull, is a Brazilian favela musician from Rio de Janeiro suburb São Cristóvão, produced many of the dance style baile funk artists since 1986.	Sany Pitbull	musician
occupation	Zulfi Syed also known as Zulfikar Syed is an Indian model and actor.	Zulfi Syed	model	actor
occupation	Kambriel is an American fashion designer, winner of Gothic Beauty's 2005 Fashion Designer of the Year award.	Kambriel	fashion designer
occupation	Tazewell Thompson (born May 27, 1948), is an African-American theatre director, the former Artistic Director of the Westport Country Playhouse (2006-2007) in Westport, Connecticut and the Syracuse Stage (1992-1995) in New York state.	Tazewell Thompson	theatre director
occupation	Alice von Hildebrand lives in the United States and is a lecturer and an author whose works include:	Alice von Hildebrand	author
occupation	Georgina Willis is an award winning film director who was born in Australia and now lives in London.	Georgina Willis	film director
occupation	Randall Duk Kim (born September 24, 1943) is a Korean-American stage, television and film actor.	Randall Duk Kim	actor
occupation	Jiang Chunfang (Chinese: 姜椿芳; pinyin: Jiāng Chūnfāng, July 28, 1912--December 17, 1987) was a Chinese translator, educationist, and one of the founders of the Encyclopedia of China.	Jiang Chunfang	translator
occupation	Vincent Moscaritolo's experience includes roles as(Distinguished Member of Technical Staff)) at Silent Circle, Principal Cryptographic Engineer for PGP Corporation, Senior Operating System engineer for Apple Computer, and Principal Software Specialist at Digital Equipment Corporation.	Vincent Moscaritolo	engineer
occupation	George Peel was the son of Arthur Peel, 1st Viscount Peel, a senior British Liberal politician, and Adelaide Dugdale.	George Peel	politician
occupation	Arlene Rothlein was an postmodern dancer/choreographer and actress.	Arlene Rothlein	dancer
occupation	Sinqua Walls (born April 6, 1985) is an American actor and former college basketball player for Cal Poly Pomona and the University of San Francisco.	Sinqua Walls	actor
occupation	Robert C. Murphy (October 9, 1926 -- October 31, 2000) was a lawyer and jurist from Baltimore County, Maryland.	Robert C. Murphy	lawyer
occupation	Bernard Ryosuke Inagaki (ca. 1928-- ) is a Japanese philosopher and renowned scholar of Thomas Aquinas.	Bernard Ryosuke Inagaki	philosopher
occupation	Susan Duerden is a British actress, voice actor, and audiobook narrator.	Susan Duerden	actor
occupation	Raisa Andriana (born June 6, 1990), is an Indonesian singer.	Raisa Andriana	singer
occupation	William Beinart (born January 19, 1951 in Cape Town) is a historian and Africanist.	William Beinart	historian
occupation	Ben Kuchera is a video games journalist whose career has included work at Ars Technica and The Penny Arcade Report, as of 2014 he writes for video game website Polygon.	Ben Kuchera	journalist
occupation	Himmanshoo A. Malhotra (Hindi: हिमांशु मल्होत्रा; born Himanshu Malhotra) is an Indian actor.	Himmanshoo A. Malhotra	actor
occupation	James A. Lundy (died May 22, 1973) was a Republican politician from Queens, New York City known for serving as Queens Borough President and chairman of the State Public Service Commission.	James A. Lundy	politician
occupation	Jim Westwood was the chief engineer at Sinclair Research Ltd in the 1980s, starting at the company in 1963.	Jim Westwood	engineer
occupation	Majid Saeedi is an Iranian documentary photographer.	Majid Saeedi	photographer
occupation	Dan Donegan (born August 1, 1968) is an American musician and guitarist for heavy metal band Disturbed.	Dan Donegan	musician	guitarist
occupation	William A. Sederburg is an American university president and politician.	William A. Sederburg	politician
occupation	Egamnazar Akbarov (Uzbek: Эгамназар Акбаров; born July 18, 1976 in Tashkent) is an Uzbek judoka, who competed in the men's lightweight category.	Egamnazar Akbarov	judoka
occupation	Robert Dugan Aguilar is a Native American photographer whose work has been exhibited by major museums.	Dugan Aguilar	photographer
occupation	Ian Liversedge is a sports physiotherapist who is currently working for Conference Premier football club Macclesfield Town.	Ian Liversedge	physiotherapist
occupation	José L. Duomarco (September 27, 1905 -- November 25, 1985) was a Uruguayan 20th century scientist who introduced innovative ideas in the fields of medical physics and cardiac and venous physiology.	José L. Duomarco	scientist
occupation	Margo Geer (born March 17, 1992) is an American competitive swimmer who specializes in freestyle events.	Margo Geer	swimmer
occupation	Marimutthu Pillai (1712 - 1787 CE) was a composer of Carnatic music and, along with Arunachala Kavi and Muthu Thandavar, was one of the pioneering Tamil Trinity of Carnatic music.	Marimutthu Pillai	composer
occupation	She became active also as a film producer with Tenussian Vaccuvasco and continued producing several low budget art films including Breathful and Hitler's Grave.She is active in acting in films in Turkey.Taies Farzan speaks English, German, Turkish and Persian fluently.	Taies Farzan	film producer
occupation	William Littell Everitt (April 14, 1900 -- September 6, 1986) was a noted American electrical engineer, educator, and founding member of the National Academy of Engineering.	William Littell Everitt	engineer
occupation	Choi Soo-young (born February 10, 1990), most often credited as Sooyoung, is a South Korean singer and actress.	Choi Soo-young	singer
occupation	Intira Jaroenpura (Thai: อินทิรา เจริญปุระ; rtgs: Inthira Charoenpura) or stage name Sine Jaroenpura (Thai: ทราย เจริญปุระ; rtgs: Sai Charoenpura; born December 23, 1980) is a Thai actress and singer.	Intira Jaroenpura	singer
occupation	Claudia Florenti was an Italian opera singer with the rank of ``magnificent soprano.''	Claudia Florenti	opera singer
occupation	Karen Knorr is a German-born American photographer who lives in London.	Karen Knorr	photographer
occupation	Charles Alvin Jones (August 27, 1887 -- May 22, 1966) was a United States federal judge and a Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.	Charles Alvin Jones	judge
occupation	Georges Parent (December 15, 1879 -- December 14, 1942) was a Canadian lawyer, politician and Speaker of the Canadian Senate from 1940 until 1942.	Georges Parent	lawyer	politician
occupation	Sim Bong-geun (born October 3, 1943 in Goseong) is an archaeologist, university professor and administrator at Dong-A University in Greater Busan, South Korea.	Sim Bong-geun	archaeologist
occupation	James Kenward (1908--1994), English author and illustrator, best known for his accounts of suburban and prep school life.	James Kenward	illustrator
occupation	Nivin Ramani or Niveen A Ramani(born September 27, 1988) is an Indian TV serial actor and model.	Nivin Ramani	actor
occupation	Barnet Kellman is a television and film director, television producer and film actor.	Barnet Kellman	film director	actor
occupation	Fred Haslam is a software engineer and mobile platform developer who has worked for eBay, Inc. since January 2011.	Fred Haslam	engineer
occupation	Olu Dara Jones (born Charles Jones III; January 12, 1941) is an American cornetist, guitarist and singer.	Olu Dara	singer
occupation	Josef Lanzendörfer (born March 24, 1907, date of death unknown) was a German bobsledder who competed for Czechoslovakia in the mid-1930s.	Josef Lanzendörfer	bobsledder
occupation	Marjorie Montgomery (born May 27, 1912) is an American former child dancer and actress.	Marjorie Montgomery	dancer
occupation	Pan Changjiang (born July 1957) is a Chinese skit actor, sitcom actor, and recently turned TV director.	Pan Changjiang	actor
occupation	Ray Harm (November 9, 1926 -- April 9, 2015) was an American artist, best known for his paintings of wildlife, primarily birds.	Ray Harm	artist
occupation	Rick James (born James Ambrose Johnson, Jr.; February 1, 1948 -- August 6, 2004) was an American musician and composer.	Rick James	composer
occupation	Paul Wheaton is a contemporary permaculture theorist, master gardener, software engineer, and disciple of natural agriculturist Sepp Holzer.	Paul Wheaton	engineer
occupation	Gedalia Dov Schwartz (born January 24, 1925) is an eminent Orthodox rabbi, scholar, and posek (halakhic authority) living in Chicago, Illinois.	Gedalia Dov Schwartz	rabbi
occupation	João Emanuel Carneiro is half brother of actress Claudia Ohana and son of writer, anthropologist and art critic Lelia Coelho Frota.	João Emanuel Carneiro	writer
occupation	David Saranga (Hebrew: דוד סרנגה‎) (born February 18, 1964) is an Israeli diplomat who serves as the Senior Foreign Affairs Advisor to the President of the State of Israel, Reuven (Ruvi) Rivlin, and former Head of European Parliament Liaison Department at the Israeli embassy in Brussels.	David Saranga	diplomat
occupation	Vaughn Wiester (born July 11, 1945) is an American jazz musician and educator.	Vaughn Wiester	jazz musician
occupation	Tiku Talsania is an Indian actor who has acted in supporting roles in nearly 200 films and in TV Serials.	Tiku Talsania	actor
occupation	Samuel Howell (March 11, 1723 -- December 9, 1807) was a Quaker who became a prominent merchant in colonial Philadelphia and a leading patriot, proponent, leader and financier for American independence.	Samuel Howell	financier
occupation	Karl Wilhelm Wach (also Carl Wilhelm or Wilhelm Wach) (September 11, 1787 - November 24, 1845) was a German painter.	Karl Wilhelm Wach	painter
occupation	Karl Stellwag von Carion (January 28, 1823 - November 21, 1904) was an Austrian ophthalmologist who was a native of Langendorf, a village in Moravia.	Karl Stellwag von Carion	ophthalmologist
occupation	Kirsti Koch Christensen (born December 1, 1940) is a Norwegian linguist that served as chancellor of the University of Bergen from 1999 to 2005.	Kirsti Koch Christensen	linguist
occupation	Samuel Hinga Norman (January 1, 1940 -- February 22, 2007) was a Sierra Leonean politician from the Mende tribe.	Samuel Hinga Norman	politician
occupation	Briscoe Baldwin (January 18, 1789 -- May 18, 1852) was Virginia attorney, politician, and jurist.	Briscoe Baldwin	politician
occupation	Bissan Rafe (Arabic: بيسان رافع ‎) is an American visual artist, animator and writer from Houston, Texas, living and working in the Netherlands.	Bissan Rafe	artist
occupation	Micheál Webster (born 1 August 1977) is an Irish hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a full-forward for the Tipperary senior team.	Micheál Webster	hurler
occupation	Yanagiman is a Japanese musician, songwriter and arranger who have worked with many different artists, both Japanese and foreign.	Yanagiman	musician
occupation	Jonas Odell (born 10 November 1962 in Stockholm) is a Swedish music video and film director and founder of FilmTecknarna.	Jonas Odell	film director
occupation	Kesang Marstrand (born October 31, 1981) is an American folk singer, songwriter, and guitarist.	Kesang Marstrand	singer
occupation	Suresh Menon is an Indian actor, comedian and television personality.	Suresh Menon	actor
occupation	William Marvin (April 14, 1808 -- July 9, 1902) was an American lawyer, politician, and United States federal judge.	William Marvin	lawyer	judge
occupation	Hopkins Holsey (August 25, 1779 -- March 2, 1856) was a United States Representative, newspaper publisher and lawyer from Georgia.	Hopkins Holsey	lawyer
occupation	Joseph Whipp (born July 12, 1941) is an American actor who has starred in many films and starred on television.	Joseph Whipp	actor
occupation	The Painter of Munich 1410 was an Attic black-figure vase painter, active in the third quarter of the sixth century BC. His real name is now known.	Painter of Munich 1410	painter
occupation	Tommy Pistol (born July 2, 1976) is the stage name of an American adult film actor, director and cook.	Tommy Pistol	actor
occupation	Sergio George (born May 23, 1961) is an American pianist arranger and record producer, known for working with many famous performers of salsa music, although he has worked in other genres of the music industry as well.	Sergio George	record producer
occupation	John Mylong (September 27, 1892--September 1975) was an Austrian actor who later settled in the United States.	John Mylong	actor
occupation	Pejman Akbarzadeh (Persian: پژمان اكبرزاده‎‎) is a Persian-Dutch pianist, researcher, journalist and radio producer.	Pejman Akbarzadeh	journalist
occupation	John D. Lamond is an Australian film director, producer and writer best known for directing such films as Felicity, A Slice of Life, Breakfast in Paris and Nightmares.	John D. Lamond	film director	writer
occupation	Arun Kumar Aravind is an Indian film director, editor and producer who predominantly works in Malayalam cinema.	Arun Kumar Aravind	film director
occupation	Lúcás Ó Dalláin (fl. 14th century) was an Irish historian.	Lúcás Ó Dalláin	historian
occupation	Bogdan Irkük a.k.a. BULGARI (Богдан Иркук а.к.а. БУЛГАРИ) is a Bulgarian musician/producer/DJ. He has previously performed under the name BULGARI.	Bogdan Irkük	musician
occupation	Rabbi Samuel M. Stahl (born August 25, 1939) is rabbi emeritus of Temple Beth-El (San Antonio, Texas) since 2002.	Samuel M. Stahl	rabbi
occupation	Rex De Rosselli (May 1, 1878 -- July 21, 1941), was an American actor of the silent era.	Rex De Rosselli	actor
occupation	Julianna Raye is an American songwriter, singer and occasional actress.	Julianna Raye	singer
occupation	Fred Fondren (May 16, 1948 -- June 8, 1992) was an American actor who died at the age of 44.	Fred Fondren	actor
occupation	Bill Leavy (pronounced LEE-vee) is a retired American football official who officiated in the National Football League (NFL) from the 1995 through 2014 seasons, wore uniform number 127, and is also a retired San Jose, California police officer and firefighter, serving for 27 years.	Bill Leavy	official
occupation	Robert Evans, better known by his stage names DJ Bless and Sutter Kain, is an American rapper and producer from Queens, New York.	Sutter Kain	rapper
occupation	Ed Sneed (born August 6, 1944) is an American professional golfer, sportscaster and course design consultant, who played on the PGA Tour and the Champions Tour.	Ed Sneed	golfer
occupation	Willie Stein was an American television producer and songwriter.	Willie Stein	songwriter
occupation	Erik Durschmied is a cinematographer, producer, director and also an author, military history professor and a former war correspondent for BBC, CBS.	Erik Durschmied	author
occupation	Louis-Claude Daquin (or D'Aquino, d'Aquin, d'Acquin; July 4, 1694 -- June 15, 1772) was a French composer of Jewish ancestry, writing in the Baroque and Galant styles.	Louis-Claude Daquin	composer
occupation	Susan Hahn is a bestselling Illinois poet, playwright and novelist.	Susan Hahn	playwright
occupation	Fred Swan is an American painter who resides in Barre, Vermont.	Fred Swan	painter
occupation	Naomi Achu is a Cameroonian singer, rapper, and songwriter.	Naomi Achu	singer
occupation	William Aughe Ghere, known as Will Geer (March 9, 1902 -- April 22, 1978), was an American actor and social activist, known for his portrayal of Grandpa Zebulon Tyler Walton in the 1970s TV series The Waltons.	Will Geer	actor
occupation	Baltasar Corrada del Río (born April 10, 1935 in Morovis, Puerto Rico) is a former politician from Puerto Rico.	Baltasar Corrada del Río	politician
occupation	Phaenias of Eresus (Ancient Greek: Φαινίας ὁ Ἐρέσιος, Phainias; also Phanias) was a Greek philosopher from Lesbos, important as an immediate follower of and commentator on Aristotle.	Phaenias of Eresus	philosopher
occupation	Father Gabriel Richard (October 15, 1767 -- September 13, 1832) was a French Roman Catholic priest and founder of the University of Michigan who became a Delegate from Michigan Territory to the U.S. House of Representatives.	Gabriel Richard	Catholic priest
occupation	Gregg Araki (born December 17, 1959) is an American independent filmmaker and film director involved heavily with New Queer Cinema.	Gregg Araki	film director
occupation	Lorene Scafaria (born May 1, 1978) is an American screenwriter, playwright, actress, singer, and film director.	Lorene Scafaria	screenwriter	singer	film director
occupation	Mark Korven is a Canadian musician and composer for film and television.	Mark Korven	composer
occupation	Robert Margalis (born February 8, 1982) is an American medley swimmer who won the gold medal in the men's 400-meter individual medley event at the 2003 Pan American Games.	Robert Margalis	swimmer
occupation	Paul H. Wendler (March 9, 1917 -- March 13, 2013) was a politician from Michigan who served as Mayor of Saginaw, as well as on the city council, and was a noted community philanthropist who was instrumental in bringing hockey to the city.	Paul H. Wendler	politician
occupation	Helena Znaniecki Lopata (October 1, 1925 - February 12, 2003) was a Polish-born American sociologist, author and researcher.	Helena Znaniecki Lopata	sociologist
occupation	Dr Neil Christie is a British archaeologist and historian, and a Reader in Archeology at the University of Leicester.	Neil Christie	archaeologist	historian
occupation	Michael Waylon Lowe (born on October 31, 1980) is an American mixed martial artist.	Waylon Lowe	mixed martial artist
occupation	Robert Hays (born July 24, 1947) is an American actor, perhaps best known for his role as pilot Ted Striker in the film Airplane! (also known as 'Flying High') and for his role as Robert Seaver in Homeward Bound:	Robert Hays	actor
occupation	Abdul Karim Mustaghni (July 11, 1911 -- January 13, 2004) was an Afghan scientist and politician.	Abdul Karim Mustaghni	politician
occupation	Diane Francis is an American-Canadian journalist, author and editor-at-large for the National Post newspaper since 1998.In addition she is a non-resident Senior Fellow at the Atlantic Council in Washington DC within its Dinu Patriciu Eurasia Center.	Diane Francis	journalist
occupation	Antonio D. James, (born June 3, 1985) is a Black American film director from Memphis, TN.	Antonio D. James	film director
occupation	Mohammed Sabila is a Moroccan writer and philosopher who was born in Casablanca.	Mohammed Sabila	writer	philosopher
occupation	Johannes Hint (born Johannes Rudolph Hint; September 20, 1914 -- died September 5, 1985) was an Estonian scientist and the only person to create and successfully run a limited company under the communist planned economy of the Soviet Union.	Johannes Hint	scientist
occupation	Ramveer Rai (born December 1, 1987) is a United Arab Emirates cricketer, who has played one One Day International and one first class match for UAE.	Ramveer Rai	cricketer
occupation	Giovanni Picca (Ascoli Piceno, February 14, 1840 -- 1910) was an Italian painter and scenographer.	Giovanni Picca	painter
occupation	Robin Reardon is an American novelist who writes stories about gay teens.	Robin Reardon	novelist
occupation	Bas Sheva (July 25, 1925 -- February 11, 1960), the stage name of Bernice Kanefsky, was a Jewish-American singer, prominent in the 1950s.	Bas Sheva	singer
occupation	Walter L. Cohen, Sr. (January 22, 1860 -- December 29, 1930) was an African-American Republican politician and businessman in the U.S. state of Louisiana.	Walter L. Cohen	politician
occupation	Marta Aibeková (born June 22, 1947) is a Czech-born politician in Slovakia.	Marta Aibeková	politician
occupation	Raul Rebane (born 6 October 1953 in Pärnu) is an Estonian journalist and communication consultant.	Raul Rebane	journalist
occupation	Namrata Shrestha is a Nepalese model and actress, known for her roles in Nepali films including the romantic film November Rain released in 2014.	Namrata Shrestha	model
occupation	Taj Noor is an Indian film score and soundtrack composer, who has predominantly scored music for Tamil films.	Taj Noor	composer
occupation	David Von Ancken is an American film, television director and screenwriter.	David Von Ancken	screenwriter
occupation	Ander Monson is an American novelist, poet, and nonfiction writer.	Ander Monson	novelist
occupation	Sagari Chhabra is an Indian writer and film director.	Sagari Chhabra	film director
occupation	Aelianus Tacticus (; fl. 2nd century AD), also known as Aelian (), was a Greek military writer who lived in Rome.	Aelianus Tacticus	writer
occupation	Erika Ervin (born February 23, 1979), known professionally as Amazon Eve, is an American transgender model, fitness trainer, and actress.	Amazon Eve	model
occupation	Conrad Mandsager (born July 18, 1953) is an American entrepreneur and innovator who is the founder and current president and CEO of ChildVoice International, a Christian humanitarian relief and development organization seeking to restore the voices of children silenced by war.	Conrad Mandsager	entrepreneur	innovator
occupation	Joanie Pallatto is a Chicago based singer born in Xenia, Ohio.	Joanie Pallatto	singer
occupation	Jack Meda was a boxer from British Columbia, Canada in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Jack Meda	boxer
occupation	Gen Olson (born May 20, 1938) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate representing District 33, which included portions of Hennepin and Wright counties in the western Twin Cities metropolitan area.	Gen Olson	politician
occupation	About 1571 Laurence Bruce was appointed sheriff (the anglicised equivalent to the actual Norn-Scottish title of Foud or ``faud'', coming from the Norse term 'fogde', meaning approximately bailiff) of the Shetland Islands by Earl Robert.	Laurence Bruce	sheriff
occupation	Thomas Aquinas Flannery (May 10, 1918 -- September 20, 2007) was a United States federal judge.	Thomas Aquinas Flannery	judge
occupation	Bryan Konietzko (born June 1, 1975) is an American animation director, writer, producer and musician.	Bryan Konietzko	animation director	writer	musician
occupation	Carl Zillier (April 18, 1838 -- April 15, 1914) was an American newspaper editor and politician.	Carl Zillier	politician
occupation	Reverend Freakchild is a New York City-based musician, singer, and songwriter, known for writing and performing a distinct style of the blues incorporating elements of psychedelic music, country music, and the blues.	Reverend Freakchild	singer, and songwriter
occupation	Leochares (Greek: Λεοχάρης) was a Greek sculptor from Athens, who lived in the 4th century BC.	Leochares	sculptor
occupation	Brenn Hill (born May 26, 1976 in Ogden, Utah) is an American Western music singer-songwriter specialising in country and cowboy music..	Brenn Hill	singer-songwriter
occupation	Martin Zellar (born June 14, 1963) is a Minnesota-based musician and songwriter.	Martin Zellar	songwriter
occupation	Thomas Boissy is a French singer and songwriter who mixes Acoustic, Folk, Pop and Rock music.	Thomas Boissy	singer
occupation	Louis Payne, also known as Lou Payne, was an American character actor of the silent and sound film eras, as well as legitimate theater.	Louis Payne	actor
occupation	Stephen Minot (May 27, 1927 -- December 1, 2010) was an American novelist and short story author.	Stephen Minot	novelist
occupation	Pieter van Avont, also Peeter van Avont, (1600--1652) was a Flemish painter, draughtsman and printmaker during the Baroque era.	Pieter van Avont	painter
occupation	Carmit Bachar (Hebrew: כרמית בכר‎; born September 4, 1974) is an American singer, dancer, model, actress and showgirl.	Carmit Bachar	singer	dancer	model
occupation	Carl Gerlinger, Sr. was an American businessperson in the U.S. state of Oregon in the early 20th century.	Carl Gerlinger	businessperson
occupation	Majida El Roumi released her ninth official album in 1998, titled ``Ouhibbouka Wa Ba'd'' (I Love You And More), working in the title song with Saudi poet Al Nasser and composer/singer Abdel Rab Idriss, who also produced.	Majida El Roumi	singer
occupation	Carsten Graff is a Danish author and columnist.	Carsten Graff	columnist
occupation	Jim Rugg (born February 1, 1977) is an American cartoonist and illustrator from Pittsburgh known for his tongue-in-cheek evocation of 1970s-era comics and pop culture.	Jim Rugg	cartoonist
occupation	Kiro Urdin (Macedonian: Киро Урдин; born 1945 in Strumica, Macedonia) is a visual, multimedia artist and film director.	Kiro Urdin	film director
occupation	Alvaro Mexia was a 17th-century Spanish explorer and cartographer of the east coast of Florida.	Alvaro Mexia	explorer
occupation	Takanori Okoshi (大越孝敬; born September 16, 1932) is a noted Japanese professor of electrical engineering, now retired, and an amateur composer of over 30 pieces of chamber music for quartet or sextet.	Takanori Okoshi	composer
occupation	Axel Madsen (May 27, 1930 -- April 23, 2007) was a Danish-American biographer and journalist.	Axel Madsen	journalist
occupation	Her mother later married actor John Southall, by whom she had a daughter, Georganne Southall, Cher's half-sister.	Cher	actor
occupation	Mary Dumont an American chef based in New Hampshire.	Mary Dumont	chef
occupation	Theodora Roosevelt Keogh O'Toole Rauchfuss (June 30, 1919 -- January 5, 2008) was an American novelist writing under her first married name, Theodora Keogh, in the 1950s and 1960s.	Theodora Keogh	novelist
occupation	Simon Bacher (Hungarian: Bacher Simon; February 1, 1823, Liptovský Mikuláš - November 9, 1891, Budapest) was a Hungarian Neo-Hebraic poet.	Simon Bacher	poet
occupation	Victor Jackovich (born April 24, 1948) is an American diplomat and former ambassador who was the first United States Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Victor Jackovich	diplomat
occupation	Hiram Emory Widener Jr. (April 20, 1923 -- September 19, 2007) was a United States federal judge and then a Senior Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.	Hiram Emory Widener Jr.	judge
occupation	Nathan Issac Zand (born December 11, 1981), also known as Nosson Zand, is an American Chasidic rapper from Boston, Massachusetts.	Nosson Zand	rapper
occupation	Tamara Thorne (born August 1957 in Los Angeles, California), who also writes under the nom de plume Chris Curry, is a well-known, bestselling American horror writer.	Tamara Thorne	writer
occupation	George Robotham (January 10, 1921 -- February 1, 2007) was an American stuntman and actor.	George Robotham	actor
occupation	Barry Commoner (May 28, 1917 -- September 30, 2012) was an American biologist, college professor, and politician.	Barry Commoner	biologist
occupation	Stuart Cavilla is a Gibraltarian bass guitarist.	Stuart Cavilla	guitarist
occupation	John Macrory Magrath, also known by his Gaelic name Seán mac Ruaidhri Mac Craith (fl. 14th-century), was an Irish historian known as the author of Caithréim Thoirdhealbhaigh.	John Macrory Magrath	author
occupation	Della Street is the fictional secretary of Perry Mason in the long-running series of novels, short stories, films, and radio and television programs featuring the fictional defense attorney created by Erle Stanley Gardner.	Della Street	secretary
occupation	Edner Brutus (1911-1980) was a Haitian politician, diplomat, and historian.	Edner Brutus	politician	diplomat	historian
occupation	Majeed Amjad (Urdu: مجید امجد‎) (June 29, 1914 -- May 11, 1974) was an acclaimed Urdu poet from Pakistan.	Majeed Amjad	poet
occupation	William Morris Davis (February 12, 1850 -- February 5, 1934) was an American geographer, geologist, geomorphologist, and meteorologist, often called the ``father of American geography''.	William Morris Davis	geographer	geologist	meteorologist
occupation	Ignacio Barrios (March 10, 1930 -- January 22, 2013) was a Mexican painter mostly known for his absolute commitment to watercolour painting.	Ignacio Barrios	painter
occupation	Ignazio Ferronetti (born 1908) was an Italian film editor and director.	Ignazio Ferronetti	film editor
occupation	Dick Duerrstein is an American painter of Disney Fine Art, who worked as the Creative Director for the Walt Disney Company's Consumer Products Division for more than 2 decades.	Dick Duerrstein	painter
occupation	Patrick Reynolds, professionally known as Plain Pat, is an American music executive, record producer and songwriter, perhaps best known for managing the early careers of Kanye West and Kid Cudi.	Plain Pat	songwriter
occupation	Pagan Kennedy (born c. 1963) is an American columnist and author, and pioneer of the 1990s zine movement.	Pagan Kennedy	author
occupation	Elisha Ward (June 20, 1804 Poultney, Rutland County, Vermont -- January 25, 1860 Silver Creek, Chautauqua County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Elisha Ward	lawyer	politician
occupation	Fil Ge (sometimes mistakenly spelled Phil G.) is a Caribbean-American singer and songwriter from Las Vegas, Nevada.	Fil Ge	singer and songwriter
occupation	Samantha Cole (October 19, 1978) is an American dance-pop singer/songwriter and actress.	Samantha Cole	singer
occupation	George A. Billings (November 22, 1870 - April 15, 1934) was an American actor noted for his portrayals of Abraham Lincoln in 1920s films, commencing with the 1924 film The Dramatic Life of Abraham Lincoln.	George A. Billings	actor
occupation	Jerzy Płaczkiewicz (April 18, 1946, Katowice) - contemporary Polish historian of music, radio personality, and author of songs.	Jerzy Płaczkiewicz	historian
occupation	Adriana Trigiani is an Italian American best-selling author of sixteen books, television writer, film director, and entrepreneur based in Greenwich Village, New York City.	Adriana Trigiani	author	film director
occupation	Nick Constantine Maniatty better known by his mononym Nicco is an American singer, songwriter with pop, Europop, dance, reggae, house and electronic influences.	Nicco	singer
occupation	Niescier Sakałoŭski (Belarusian: Несьцер Сакалоўскі, Russian: Нестор Соколовский; 9 November 1902 -- 1950) was a Belarusian composer.	Niescier Sakałoŭski	composer
occupation	Fernando Larrazábal Bretón (born August 11, 1962) is a Mexican politician born in Oaxaca who has served as mayor of San Nicolás and was a member of Nuevo León's Congress in 2009.	Fernando Larrazábal Bretón	politician
occupation	Nandini Srikar (born 10 August 1967) is an Indian singer , composer and guitarist.	Nandini Srikar	singer	composer
occupation	Brandon Visher (born May 6, 1984) is an Hawaiian mixed martial artist.	Brandon Visher	mixed martial artist
occupation	John H. Frey (born in Greenwich, Connecticut, on February 8, 1963) is an American Real Estate Broker, businessman and politician.	John H. Frey	politician
occupation	Kathleen Barry (born January 22, 1941) is an American sociologist and feminist.	Kathleen Barry	sociologist
occupation	Stan Kugell is an American investor, entrepreneur, inventor, and computer scientist.	Stan Kugell	computer scientist
occupation	Lee Garrett (born September 1, 1948, Mississippi) is an American rhythm and blues singer-songwriter, most famous for co-writing the song ``Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours''.	Lee Garrett	singer-songwriter
occupation	Irwin D. Mandel (April 9, 1922, Brooklyn - May 26, 2011, Montclair, New Jersey) was an American biochemist and dentist who was known for his reaearch on the biochemistry of saliva.	Irwin D. Mandel	biochemist	dentist
occupation	At age 19, Roger Hodgson made his first appearance in a recording studio as guitarist for People Like Us, a band he joined shortly after leaving boarding school.	Roger Hodgson	guitarist
occupation	Marmaduke Lumley (died 1450) was an English priest, Bishop of Carlisle from 1429 to 1450.	Marmaduke Lumley	priest
occupation	René Highway helped to create the role of Nanabush in his brother's play The Rez Sisters (1986), and was the choreographer for Dry Lips Oughta Move to Kapuskasing (1989).	René Highway	choreographer
occupation	Cora Wilson Stewart (January 17, 1875 -- December 2, 1958) was an American progressive era social reformer and educator who is well known for her work to eliminate adult illiteracy.	Cora Wilson Stewart	educator
occupation	Charles Durborow was a record setting distance swimmer from Philadelphia.	Charles Durborow	swimmer
occupation	Sunil Nayar is an Indian American television writer and producer, most notable for his work on CSI:	Sunil Nayar	writer
occupation	Charles B. Perry was an American lawyer from Wauwatosa, Wisconsin who served as a Republican member and Speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Charles B. Perry	lawyer
occupation	Marco Lara Klahr is a Mexican professor and journalist.	Marco Lara Klahr	journalist
occupation	Kwon You-ri (also Gwon Yu-ri, Korean: 권 유리; born July 30, 1989) is a South Korean swimmer, who specialized in long-distance freestyle and butterfly events.	Kwon You-ri	swimmer
occupation	From Yugoslavia, Wolfgang Leonhard then went on to West Germany, where he worked as a political writer and as an expert on Eastern Europe.	Wolfgang Leonhard	writer
occupation	Michael Medor (born May 23, 1982 in Port Louis) is an amateur Mauritian lightweight boxer.	Michael Medor	boxer
occupation	Kenny Kweens is an American musician who is best known for his nine-year tenure as bassist in the hard rock band Beautiful Creatures.	Kenny Kweens	musician
occupation	Manfred Freiherr von Killinger (July 14, 1886 -- September 2, 1944) was a German naval officer, Freikorps leader, military writer and Nazi politician.	Manfred Freiherr von Killinger	politician
occupation	Ernest Mingione is an American actor mainly known for portraying police officers.	Ernest Mingione	actor
occupation	Zinny J. Zan (born Bo Stagman on January 18, 1964 and earlier known as Bosse Belsen) is a Swedish rock/glam metal singer who is the former lead-singer for Shotgun Messiah and is currently the founder and frontman for Zan Clan and reunited Easy Action.	Zinny J. Zan	singer
occupation	Mark Maclaine (aka The Silence) is a British film director, music producer, founder of Tutorfair and writer.	Mark Maclaine	film director
occupation	Jeff Munn is an American public address announcer for the Arizona Diamondbacks of Major League Baseball and the former public address announcer for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.	Jeff Munn	announcer
occupation	Heinrich Edmund Naumann (September 11, 1854 -- February 1, 1927) was a German geologist, regarded as the ``father of Japanese geology'' in Meiji period Japan.	Heinrich Edmund Naumann	geologist
occupation	A Toronto-based Human rights lawyer, Paul Copeland is widely known as the defence attorney of security certificate detainee Mohamed Harkat, and an avid supporter of legal aid.	Paul Copeland	lawyer
occupation	Beryl Gaffney (born April 1, 1930) is a former Canadian politician and public servant.	Beryl Gaffney	politician
occupation	Susan von der Lippe (born July 5, 1965), née Susan Gerard Rapp, is an American competition swimmer, Olympic medalist, and Masters world record-holder in multiple events.	Susan von der Lippe	swimmer
occupation	Maxfield Parrish (July 25, 1870 -- March 30, 1966) was an American painter and illustrator active in the first half of the 20th century.	Maxfield Parrish	painter	illustrator
occupation	Saurabh Shukla (born 5 March 1963) is an Indian film, theatre and television actor, director and screenwriter.	Saurabh Shukla	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Karel Čáslavský (January 28, 1937 -- January 2, 2013) was a Czech film historian and television host.	Karel Čáslavský	historian
occupation	Jessie Andrews (born March 22, 1992) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress, jewelry designer, club DJ and model.	Jessie Andrews	jewelry designer	model
occupation	Diana Penty (pronounced (ɖaːjnaː peːnʈiː); born 2 November 1985) is an Indian model and film actress who appears in Bollywood films.	Diana Penty	model
occupation	Samuel Medary (February 25, 1801 -- November 7, 1864) was an American newspaper owner and politician.	Samuel Medary	politician
occupation	Clayton McMichen (January 26, 1900 - January 4, 1970) was an American fiddler and country musician.	Clayton McMichen	fiddler	musician
occupation	Mae Azango is a Liberian journalist for FrontPage Africa.	Mae Azango	journalist
occupation	Joseph Wright Alsop VI, Ian Alsop, Elizabeth Winthrop Alsop children's book author, Stewart Alsop II investor and pundit, Richard Nicholas Alsop missionary with FamilyLife, and Andrew Alsop.	Stewart Alsop	author
occupation	Juan de Alcega (16th century) was a tailor and mathematician from Basque country (Spain).	Juan de Alcega	tailor
occupation	Michael Andrew Fox, OC (born June 9, 1961), known as Michael J. Fox, is a Canadian-American actor, author, producer, and advocate.	Michael J. Fox	actor
occupation	Nancy Montuori Stein is a film director and producer, best known for her film Stealing Innocence which has received more than 20 film festival awards.	Nancy Montuori Stein	film director
occupation	Mohsen Armin (Persian: محسن آرمین‎) is an Iranian politician.	Mohsen Armin	politician
occupation	Malcolm Campbell, professionally known as Paul Oxley, is an English songwriter, lyricist and producer living in Helsinki, Finland.	Paul Oxley	lyricist
occupation	Rebecca Newman is an English soprano singer and songwriter.	Rebecca Newman	singer
occupation	Jay Manuel (born August 14, 1972) is a Canadian American make-up artist.	Jay Manuel	make-up artist
occupation	Marie-Antoinette Demagnez (1869--1925) was a French sculptor who worked during the late 19th century and early 20th century.	Marie-Antoinette Demagnez	sculptor
occupation	Michael Benz is an English/American television and stage actor with dual citizenship.	Michael Benz	actor
occupation	Aluri Chakrapani or Aluri Venkata Subbarao (August 5, 1908 -- September 24, 1975) was an Indian film multilingual writer, producer and director known for his works in predominantly in Telugu cinema & he won 2 Filmfare Awards for Telugu films.	Aluri Chakrapani	writer
occupation	Walter Hotot (fl. 1390) of Exton, Devon, was an English politician.	Walter Hotot	politician
occupation	Rita Lee (born Rita Lee Jones, December 31, 1947) is a Brazilian rock singer and composer.	Rita Lee	singer	composer
occupation	Shibani Bathija is an Indian screenwriter famous for her works in Bollywood films such as Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna, My Name Is Khan and Fanaa.	Shibani Bathija	screenwriter
occupation	Hannah Marie Wormington (September 5, 1914 -- May 31, 1994) was an American archaeologist known for her writings and fieldwork on southwestern and Paleo-Indians archaeology over a long career that lasted almost sixty years.	Hannah Marie Wormington	archaeologist
occupation	Daniela Carpio Fischer (born January 21, 1983 in Guatemala City, Guatemala), known as Daniela Carpio, is a Guatemalan singer-songwriter, model, and TV Host.	Daniela Carpio	singer
occupation	Sava Babić (Cyrillic: Сaвa Бaбић, Palić, January 27, 1934 -- Beograd, November 23, 2012), was a Serbian writer, poet, translator and university professor.	Sava Babić	writer
occupation	Brian Francis Slattery is an American writer and an editor at The New Haven Review.	Brian Francis Slattery	writer
occupation	Mike Hayley is a comedian, impressionist, actor and writer.	Mike Hayley	comedian
occupation	Martin Tobias is a business entrepreneur and venture capitalist.	Martin Tobias	entrepreneur
occupation	John Moors Cabot (December 11, 1901 -- February 24, 1981) was an American diplomat and U.S. Ambassador to four nations during the Eisenhower and Kennedy administration.	John Moors Cabot	diplomat
occupation	Charles Taylor Sherman (February 3, 1811 - January 1, 1879) was a 19th-century Ohio lawyer and judge.	Charles Taylor Sherman	lawyer	judge
occupation	Robert Jaffray (January 23, 1832 -- December 16, 1914) was a Canadian grocer, publisher (The Globe), and politician.	Robert Jaffray	politician
occupation	Kate Cordsen credits this time as a model as both the beginning of her education in photography and as formative in understanding Japanese aesthetics.	Kate Cordsen	model
occupation	Ana Crysna da Silva Romero (born May 4, 1988 in Luanda) is an Angolan swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Ana Crysna da Silva Romero	swimmer
occupation	Robert Digges Wimberly Connor (September 26, 1878 -- February 25, 1950) was an American historian and the first Archivist of the United States, 1934-1941.	Robert Digges Wimberly Connor	historian
occupation	Jorge Bonaldi (born June 28, 1949, Montevideo) is a Uruguayan guitarist, singer, composer of popular music and music journalist.	Jorge Bonaldi	singer	composer
occupation	Derek Ball (died July 26, 1989) was a British sound engineer.	Derek Ball	engineer
occupation	Gabe Loeffelholz (November 11, 1940) is an American Republican politician from Wisconsin Born in the town of Paris, Grant County, Wisconsin, Loeffelholz served in the Wisconsin National Guard.	Gabe Loeffelholz	politician
occupation	Edward Yeung is a Chinese-American chemist who studies spectroscopy and chromatography.	Edward Yeung	chemist
occupation	Dan Demole (born 1979) is an American entrepreneur, co-founder and COO of Jingle Punks Music.	Dan Demole	entrepreneur
occupation	Cathleen Galgiani (born January 4, 1964) is an American politician who currently serves in the California State Senate.	Cathleen Galgiani	politician
occupation	Steven M. Costantino (born 1957) is an American politician who is a former Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives, representing the 8th District since 1995.	Steven M. Costantino	politician
occupation	Gawdat al-Malt is an Egyptian politician who was reported by Thomson Reuters to have been appointed as Minister of Finance on 31 January 2011.	Gawdat al-Malt	politician
occupation	Rose Marie was especially close to actor Richard Deacon from that show and offered him the suits left behind when her husband died in 1964, as the two men were of similar height and build.	Rose Marie	actor
occupation	Mo Willems (born February 11, 1968) is an American writer, animator, and creator of children's books.	Mo Willems	writer	animator
occupation	Robert Maynicke (d. September 30, 1913) was an American architect.	Robert Maynicke	architect
occupation	Harry Dodge (born 1966, San Francisco, California) is an American sculptor, performer, video artist, and writer.	Harry Dodge	sculptor
occupation	Albert Azaryan (Armenian: Ալբերտ Ազարյան) (born February 11, 1929) is a former Soviet Armenian artistic gymnast who competed internationally representing the Soviet Union.	Albert Azaryan	artistic gymnast
occupation	Johann Christian Konrad von Hofmann (December 21, 1810 -- December 20, 1877) was a Lutheran theologian and historian.	Johann Christian Konrad von Hofmann	theologian	historian
occupation	Shadrach Pryce was a Welsh Anglican priest and educationalist in the last part of the 19th century and the first decade of the 20th.	Shadrach Pryce	priest
occupation	Fabrizio Tosini (born November 30, 1969) is an Italian bobsledder who has competed since 1989.	Fabrizio Tosini	bobsledder
occupation	Kurt Kanaskie (born April 14, 1958), is an assistant head men's basketball coach at Virginia Tech. Prior to coaching the Hokies, Kanaskie held head coaching positions at Penn State, Drake, Indiana (Pa) and Lock Haven.	Kurt Kanaskie	basketball coach
occupation	Chitra Singh (born Shome) is a well known Indian ghazal singer.	Chitra Singh	singer
occupation	Laxmanshastri Balaji Joshi (Devanagari: लक्ष्मणशास्त्री बाळाजी जोशी) (January 27, 1901 -- May 27, 1994) was a Sanskritist, Vedic scholar, thinker and Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Laxmanshastri Balaji Joshi	writer
occupation	Al Wohlman was a film and theatre actor; he was also a vaudeville performer.	Al Wohlman	actor
occupation	Smita Tambe (Marathi:स्मिता तांबे) is a well-known Marathi & Hindi film, television and stage actor, born in the Satara district of Maharashtra.	Smita Tambe	actor
occupation	Zach Paxson is a singer-songwriter born and raised in Lisbon, Ohio, United States.	Zach Paxson	singer-songwriter
occupation	Édouard Viénot was a successful society portrait painter with a studio at 92 rue de la Victoire, Paris.	Édouard Viénot	painter
occupation	Derri Daugherty (born October 13, 1958) is an American record producer, songwriter, guitarist and singer, best known as the lead singer and guitarist for band The Choir.	Derri Daugherty	singer
occupation	Candy Dawson Boyd (born August 8, 1946) is an American writer, activist and educator.	Candy Dawson Boyd	writer
occupation	James Wattana (born January 17, 1970, as Wattana Pu-Ob-Orm, then renamed Ratchapol Pu-Ob-Orm in 2003) is a Thai former professional snooker player.	James Wattana	snooker player
occupation	Emmanuel Tumusiime-Mutebile PhD, is a Ugandan economist and banker.	Emmanuel Tumusiime-Mutebile	economist
occupation	Robert Mapplethorpe (/ˈmeɪpəlˌθɔːrp/; November 4, 1946 -- March 9, 1989) was an American photographer, known for his sensitive yet blunt treatment of controversial subject-mater in the large-scale, highly stylized black and white medium of photography.	Robert Mapplethorpe	photographer
occupation	Lesley Brennan is a Scottish Labour Party politician and Member of the Scottish Parliament for the North East Scotland electoral region.	Lesley Brennan	politician
occupation	Nouhad Wadie' Haddad () (born November 20, 1934), known as Fairuz (), also spelled Fairouz, Feyrouz or Fayrouz, is a Lebanese singer who is one of the most widely admired and deeply respected living singers in the Arab world.	Fairuz	singer
occupation	Quest Couch (born January 10, 1950) is an American writer, photographer, and inventor.	Quest Couch	photographer
occupation	Frank J. Oteri (born May 12, 1964) is a composer based in New York City.	Frank J. Oteri	composer
occupation	José Antonio Meade Kuribreña is a Mexican economist, lawyer and diplomat and current Mexican Secretary of Social Development.	José Antonio Meade Kuribreña	economist	diplomat
occupation	Norair Nurikyan (Bulgarian: Норайр Нурикян; Armenian: Նորայր Նուրիկյան, born July 26, 1948) was a Bulgarian weightlifter of Armenian descent.	Norair Nurikyan	weightlifter
occupation	Donald Perry Polsky, FAIA (September 30, 1928 - ), is an American architect noted for his mid-century modern style.	Donald Perry Polsky	architect
occupation	Stefan de Leval Jezierski (born March 22, 1954) is an American horn player and currently the longest serving hornist of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra (Berliner Philharmoniker).	Stefan de Leval Jezierski	hornist
occupation	Terry Golway is a Kean University professor, historian, author, and a journalist, having served as a columnist and editorial board member for The New York Times and a long-time editor and writer at The New York Observer.	Terry Golway	historian	writer
occupation	Leyb Gorfinkel (March 14, 1896 -- September 7, 1976; also known as Leib Garfunkel and Levas Garfunkelis in Lithuanian) was an advocate, journalist, and politician.	Leyb Gorfinkel	journalist
occupation	Andy Offutt Irwin (born 1957) is an American storyteller, arts educator, singer-songwriter and humorist.	Andy Offutt Irwin	singer-songwriter
occupation	Rezwan Kabir is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes known on scoresheets by his nickname Rumi.	Rezwan Kabir	cricketer
occupation	Felipe Fuentes (born May 25, 1971) is a Democratic politician from the San Fernando Valley in the U.S. state of California, currently a member of the Los Angeles City Council from the 7th district.	Felipe Fuentes	politician
occupation	Nayana Shakya (Nepali: नयना शाक्य) (born May 10, 1982) is a Nepalese former swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events.	Nayana Shakya	swimmer
occupation	Costante Adolfo Bossi (1876 -- 1953) was an Italian organist, composer and teacher.	Costante Adolfo Bossi	composer
occupation	Chris Thomas King (born October 14, 1962) is an American New Orleans, Louisiana-based blues musician and actor.	Chris Thomas King	musician	actor
occupation	Mikhail Shibanov (Russian: Михаил Шибанов) was a Russian painter active during the 1780s; a portrait of Count Alexander Dmitriev-Mamonov of which he is known to be the author dates to about this time.	Mikhail Shibanov	painter
occupation	Kathryn Wolfe is an English television director, author and university lecturer.	Kathryn Wolfe	television director
occupation	Sólveig Arnarsdóttir is the daughter of Icelandic actor Arnar Jónsson and Icelandic actress and politician Þórhildur Þorleifsdóttir.	Sólveig Arnarsdóttir	actor
occupation	Will Janowitz (born May 25, 1980) is an American film, television and stage actor as well as a writer.	Will Janowitz	actor
occupation	Harden Cooper was an American football coach and player who served as an assistant for several college programs, and was the head coach of Brazosport High School in Freeport, Texas where he led the team to the 1965 state AAAA semifinals.	Harden Cooper	head coach
occupation	Fermin Rocker (December 22, 1907 -- October 18, 2004) was a painter and book illustrator.	Fermin Rocker	painter	illustrator
occupation	Bedrettin Dalan (born 1941) is a Turkish engineer, former politician and the first mayor of Greater Istanbul.	Bedrettin Dalan	politician
occupation	Emilio Estevez (/ɛˈmiːljoʊ ˈɛstᵻvɛz/; born May 12, 1962) is an American actor, director, and writer.	Emilio Estevez	actor	writer
occupation	Lovro Karaula was a Croatian friar from Bosnia.	Lovro Karaula	friar
occupation	Michael Grecco (born May 20, 1968) is an American photographer, film director and author.	Michael Grecco	photographer
occupation	Stephen Prentice is an English screenwriter best known for writing the low budget horror comedy Tormented.	Stephen Prentice	screenwriter
occupation	Mary Bond Davis (born June 3, 1958) is a singer, actor, and dancer from Los Angeles, California.	Mary Bond Davis	actor
occupation	Roy Chiu Tse (born 14 October 1981) is a Taiwanese actor, singer, and racing driver.	Roy Chiu	actor	singer
occupation	Carolyn Carlson (born 1943) is an American contemporary dance choreographer, performer, and poet.	Carolyn Carlson	choreographer
occupation	Kim Walker-Smith (born December 19, 1981 as Kimberlee Dawn Walker) is an American singer, songwriter, worship leader, and recording artist.	Kim Walker-Smith	songwriter
occupation	He was ordained a priest and then became bishop of Clermont in 666 with the approval of Childeric II. Praejectus founded monasteries, hospitals, and churches.	Praejectus	priest
occupation	John Rushby is a British computer scientist now based in the United States and working for SRI International.	John Rushby	computer scientist
occupation	Jacob Lawrence (September 7, 1917 -- June 9, 2000) was an African-American painter known for his portrayal of African-American life.	Jacob Lawrence	painter
occupation	Michael De Luca (born August 13, 1965) is an American movie producer and screenwriter.	Michael De Luca	screenwriter
occupation	Ouk Rabun is a Cambodian politician and the current Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries.	Ouk Rabun	politician
occupation	Ardaseer Cursetjee (Wadia) FRS (October 6, 1808 -- November 16, 1877) was an Indian shipbuilder and engineer.	Ardaseer Cursetjee	engineer
occupation	Yang Yanyin (Chinese: 杨衍银; December, 1947 - ) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Yang Yanyin	politician
occupation	January Suchodolski (September 19, 1797 -- March 20, 1875) was a Polish painter and Army officer.	January Suchodolski	painter
occupation	Kazuhiro Yamakura (山倉 和博, born September 2, 1955) is a former Japanese professional baseball player.	Kazuhiro Yamakura	baseball player
occupation	Elliot Lawrence (born Elliott Lawrence Broza, February 14, 1925) is an American jazz pianist and bandleader.	Elliot Lawrence	pianist	bandleader
occupation	Ivan Klinec (born May 13, 1961) is a Slovak economist, forecaster and futurist.	Ivan Klinec	economist
occupation	Justin Boller (born December 6, 1983), also known as Sky, is an American Grammy nominated record producer, singer and GMA Dove Award-winning songwriter.	Justin Boller	record producer
occupation	Michał Rutkowski (born October 20, 1959 in Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish economist and a World Bank Director for Multilateral Organizations in Washington, DC. He recently was World Bank country director for the Russian Federation and a resident representative in Moscow (2012-15).	Michał Rutkowski	economist
occupation	Uzi Rubin (born 1937) is an Israeli defense engineer and analyst.	Uzi Rubin	engineer
occupation	Paolo Bailetti (born 15 July 1980) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who rides for the UCI Professional Continental team Utensilnord.	Paolo Bailetti	bicycle racer
occupation	Alain Roux (born 27 March 1968), is a British Michelin starred chef, and chef-patron of The Waterside Inn.	Alain Roux	chef
occupation	Lorne Elliott is a Canadian comedian, musician, author, and award-winning playwright.	Lorne Elliott	musician	playwright
occupation	David Zellner is an American film director, screenwriter and actor.	David Zellner	film director	screenwriter
occupation	John Gallant is a lacrosse player and captain of the Colorado Mammoth in the National Lacrosse League.	John Gallant	lacrosse player
occupation	Timothy James M. Dimacali, (born April 17, 1980) better known as TJ Dimacali, is a Filipino writer who has received recognition both as a science journalist and as a creative writer specializing in science fiction.	TJ Dimacali	journalist
occupation	An economist by training, François-Xavier Verschave was responsible from 1983 for economic policy and employment policy at Saint-Fons municipality, located in the suburbs of Lyon.	François-Xavier Verschave	economist
occupation	Brian Cyr (born June 30, 1956 in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia) is a former Canadian darts player who represented Canada in the 2007 PDC World Darts Championship.	Brian Cyr	darts player
occupation	Jack Martin Smith (January 2, 1911 - November 7, 1993) was a highly successful Hollywood art director with over 130 films to his credit and nine Academy Award nominations which ultimately yielded three Oscars.	Jack Martin Smith	art director
occupation	Johanna Jurva (born May 16, 1977 in Vantaa) is a Finnish politician representing the True Finns and member of the Vantaa City Council.	Johanna Jurva	politician
occupation	Forbes Collins is a versatile British character actor, seen in supporting roles.	Forbes Collins	actor
occupation	Steve Cauthen (born May 1, 1960) is an American jockey who is now retired.	Steve Cauthen	jockey
occupation	Buğra Gülsoy (born February 22, 1982) is a Turkish actor, architect, director, graphic designer and photographer.	Buğra Gülsoy	actor	architect	photographer
occupation	Cecilia Chailly (born February 2, 1960) is an Italian harpist, composer, singer and writer.	Cecilia Chailly	composer	singer
occupation	Amin Maher (Persian: امین ماهر‎‎ , born in 1992 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian artist, poet and filmmaker.	Amin Maher	artist
occupation	R. Avudaiyappan is an Indian politician and former speaker of Tamil Nadu Assembly.	R. Avudaiyappan	politician
occupation	Kit Downes is a British jazz pianist.	Kit Downes	pianist
occupation	Harold MacGrath (September 4, 1871 -- October 30, 1932) was a bestselling American novelist, short story writer, and screenwriter.	Harold MacGrath	novelist	writer	screenwriter
occupation	Nick Samaras is a poet and essayist, the son of Bishop Kallistos Samaras, a prominent Greek Orthodox Clergyman and theologian.	Nick Samaras	poet
occupation	Mort Ransen (born August 16, 1933 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian film and television director and screenwriter, best known for his Genie Award-winning 1995 film Margaret's Museum.	Mort Ransen	television director
occupation	Vekeana Dhillon is a screenwriter, television presenter and actress.	Vekeana Dhillon	screenwriter
occupation	Erastus Brigham Bigelow (April 2, 1814 -- December 6, 1879) was an American inventor of weaving machines.	Erastus Brigham Bigelow	inventor
occupation	Laurits S. Swenson (June 12, 1865--November 4, 1947) was an American diplomat who served as Ambassador to Norway, the Netherlands, Switzerland and Denmark.	Laurits S. Swenson	diplomat
occupation	Katie Compton (born December 3, 1978) is an American bicycle racer.	Katie Compton	bicycle racer
occupation	John Heussenstamm, (born December 28, 1953) is an American guitarist and music educator.	John Heussenstamm	music educator
occupation	Rhys Brydydd (fl. mid-15th century) was a Welsh language poet from Tir Iarll, Glamorgan, south Wales.	Rhys Brydydd	poet
occupation	Andrew Calandrelli, Jr. is an American mixed martial artist currently competing for Bellator MMA in their lightweight division.	Andrew Calandrelli	mixed martial artist
occupation	Thomas H. Bender is an American historian, specializing in urban history and intellectual history.	Thomas H. Bender	historian
occupation	Ana Sofia Lopes Malhoa Moreira known as Ana Malhoa (born August 6, 1979) is a Portuguese singer-songwriter, TV host, actress and businesswoman.	Ana Malhoa	singer
occupation	Kanata Okajima (born July 7, 1984) is a Japanese singer and songwriter raised in Tokyo, today based in Malmö, Sweden.	Kanata Okajima	singer and songwriter
occupation	John Koethe (born December 25, 1945) is an American poet, essayist and professor of philosophy at the University of Wisconsin--	John Koethe	poet
occupation	Karl Rudolf Stehlin, also a member of the Council of States, and Johann Jakob Stehlin junior, a noted architect.	Johann Jakob Stehlin	architect
occupation	Kenan Işık (born October 1, 1947) is a leading Turkish actor, anchorman, author, director, dubbing artist, screenwriter, and television host.	Kenan Işık	actor
occupation	James Leija (born July 8, 1966 and better known as Jesse James Leija), is a retired American professional boxer.	Jesse James Leija	boxer
occupation	Thomas Friedli (June 30, 1946 -- April 14, 2008) was an internationally renowned Swiss clarinetist.	Thomas Friedli	clarinetist
occupation	Maria Magdalena Matthey Correa, known professionally as Magdalena Matthey (born September 28, 1971, Santiago), is a Chilean singer-songwriter.	Magdalena Matthey	singer
occupation	David Peart is a British actor, notable for his television and stage (The Audience) work.	David Peart	actor
occupation	In 2004, Cruickshank was at the centre of a controversy when historian Marc Morris pointed out that a documentary about Harlech Castle shown on BBC4 and billed as ``written and presented by Dan Cruickshank'' contained obvious borrowings from Morris's earlier Channel 4 series, Castle.	Dan Cruickshank	historian
occupation	Writing from Loughrea on 5 November 1838, John O'Donovan gave the following account of Abbot Henry Ó Cormacáin: ``Henry O'Gormacain was abbot, at the time of the general suppression on Monastries.	Henry Ó Cormacáin	abbot
occupation	Tibor Pogácsás (born April 4, 1964) is a Hungarian engineer and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Monor (Pest County Constituency VII then X) from 1998 to 2002 and since 2010.	Tibor Pogácsás	engineer	politician
occupation	Tim Knopp (born September 30, 1965) is an American Republican politician who is a current member of the Oregon Senate, representing the 27th District.	Tim Knopp	politician
occupation	Julian Barratt Pettifer (born 4 May 1968), known professionally as Julian Barratt, is an English comedian, actor, musician, music producer and member of surreal comedy troupe The Mighty Boosh.	Julian Barratt	comedian	actor
occupation	George Quasha is an American artist and poet who works across media, exploring a principle in common within language, sculpture, drawing, video, sound and music, installation, and performance.	George Quasha	artist
occupation	Yota Sato is a retired Japanese professional boxer who was a former WBC Super flyweight Champion.	Yota Sato	boxer
occupation	K. Natraj is an Indian film actor and film director primarily worked in Tamil-language.	K. Natraj	film director
occupation	Ma Jianfei (Chinese: 马剑飞, born 24 July 1984) is a Chinese fencer, silver medallist in the 2014 World Fencing Championships at Kazan and team silver medallist in the 2011 World Fencing Championships at Catania.	Ma Jianfei	fencer
occupation	Ali El Haggar (Arabic,علي الحجار, born in 1953. He is an Egyptian singer, artist, composer, and actor.	Ali El Haggar	singer
occupation	Lloyd McNeill (born in Washington, D.C.) is a Jazz flutist and visual artist currently based in New York City.	Lloyd McNeill	artist
occupation	Dato' Zainol Fadzi Paharudin is the current President Perak Football Association and a Malaysian politician from the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), the leading party in the ruling Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition.	Zainol Fadzi Paharudin	politician
occupation	Tan Lee Yu Gary is a swimmer from Singapore who holds several national swimming records in Singapore.	Tan Lee Yu Gary	swimmer
occupation	Daniel Donche, Jr. (born October 25, 1979) is an American author, screenwriter, actor and artist.	Daniel Donche, Jr.	artist
occupation	Gregorio de Laferrère (March 8, 1867 -- November 30, 1913) was an Argentine politician and playwright.	Gregorio de Laferrère	politician	playwright
occupation	Dali Jazi (Arabic: الدالي الجازي / ALA-LC: ad-Dālī al-Jāzī; December 7, 1942 -- March 9, 2007) was a Tunisian politician, jurist, and political scientist.	Dali Jazi	politician
occupation	Daniel Gómez Rinaldi: (b. November 19, 1965 in San Martín, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine journalist who has worked as actor sometimes.	Daniel Gómez Rinaldi	journalist	actor
occupation	Fernandus Payne (February 13, 1881 -- October 13, 1977) was an American zoologist, geneticist and educator.	Fernandus Payne	zoologist
occupation	Kris Rampersad is a writer, researcher, lecturer, journalist, publisher, activist and advocate from Trinidad and Tobago.	Kris Rampersad	journalist
occupation	Charles Jeter, is an American politician, and business executive.	Charles Jeter	politician
occupation	Mario Losada was an Argentine politician, who served as senator and president of the UCR.	Mario Losada	politician
occupation	Marc Gartman is a singer-songwriter and film director from New York City.	Marc Gartman	singer-songwriter	film director
occupation	Jackie Bethards was a pre-World War II African American professional basketball player from Philadelphia.	Jackie Bethards	basketball player
occupation	Bassel Khartabil (Arabic: باسل خرطبيل‎), also known as Bassel Safadi (Arabic: باسل صفدي‎), (born May 22, 1981) is a Palestinian Syrian open-source software developer.	Bassel Khartabil	software developer
occupation	Réal Bossé is a Canadian actor from Quebec who performs mostly in francophone films and television.	Réal Bossé	actor
occupation	Ezzatolah Entezami (Persian: عزت‌الله انتظامی‎, born June 21, 1924) is an Iranian actor.	Ezzatolah Entezami	actor
occupation	London May (born July 20, 1967), is an American rock musician (drums).	London May	musician
occupation	Robin Thede is an American comedic actress, writer, sketch and improvisational comedian.	Robin Thede	writer	comedian
occupation	Pongsak Maneetong (Thai: พงษ์ศักดิ์ มณีทอง, born May 3, 1986) is a Thai weightlifter.	Pongsak Maneetong	weightlifter
occupation	Jeannie Drake, Baroness Drake CBE (born 16 January 1948) is a British trade unionist and Labour life peer in the House of Lords.	Jeannie Drake, Baroness Drake	trade unionist
occupation	Kevin Kiner (born September 3, 1958) is an American film and television composer best known for scoring CSI:	Kevin Kiner	composer
occupation	John Swihart is an American musical composer for film and television.	John Swihart	composer
occupation	Robyn Creswell is an American critic, scholar and translator.	Robyn Creswell	translator
occupation	Paul D. Wohlers is an American diplomat who served from 2011 to 2015 as the United States Ambassador to the Republic of Macedonia, stationed at the U.S. Embassy in Skopje.	Paul D. Wohlers	diplomat
occupation	The Master of the Bamberg Altar (fl. ca. 1420-1440) was a German painter active in the Nuremberg area.	Master of the Bamberg Altar	painter
occupation	Brian Jun (born October 21, 1979) is an American film director, screenwriter, film editor and producer.	Brian Jun	film director
occupation	Ron Finley is a Los Angeles-based fashion designer to professional athletes, and a collector of original blaxploitation posters.	Ron Finley	fashion designer
occupation	Jeffrey Goodman is an independent American archaeologist with training in geology and archaeology.	Jeffrey Goodman	archaeologist
occupation	Mehdi Hamama (Arabic: مهدي حمامة‎; born May 7, 1985) is an Algerian swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events.	Mehdi Hamama	swimmer
occupation	Michael Mercurio (born January 8, 1972) is an American actor who has appeared in film, theatre, and television, often portraying psychologically disturbed characters.	Michael Mercurio	actor
occupation	Colonel Joe D. Dowdy was the commanding officer of the Regimental Combat Team 1 (RCT-1) during the 2003 invasion of Iraq.	Joe D. Dowdy	officer
occupation	Dorothy Jane Roberts (May 8, 1929 -- September 5, 1984) was an American author, poet, self-proclaimed psychic, and spirit medium, who claimed to channel an energy personality who called himself ``Seth.''	Jane Roberts	poet	psychic
occupation	Peter Orlando Hutchinson (1810-1897) was an English Victorian diarist and artist.	Peter Orlando Hutchinson	diarist
occupation	Samson Jones, better known as Jonesmann, is a German rapper.	Jonesmann	rapper
occupation	Amy Heller is a Tibetologist and art historian.	Amy Heller	art historian
occupation	J. D. Slater is an American gay pornographic film director as well as an accomplished soundtrack composer who co-founded Raging Stallion Studios with Chris Ward in 1999.	J. D. Slater	film director
occupation	Lewis Jennings was an American gunsmith of 19th century who improved on the repeating rifle mechanism of Walter Hunt, but did not get any prominence among the armed forces.	Lewis Jennings	gunsmith
occupation	Carsten Haitzler (born 1975), known as Raster or Rasterman to the open source community, is an Australian-German software engineer, best known for initiating and leading the development of the Enlightenment window manager and its libraries.	Carsten Haitzler	software engineer
occupation	O'Malley remained in the U.S., known professionally as J. Pat O'Malley (to avoid confusion with another film actor named Pat O'Malley), he had a long and varied acting career including the film Lassie Come Home in 1943 as ``Hynes''.	J. Pat O'Malley	actor
occupation	Jennie Muskett is a British Emmy winning and Bafta nominated film and TV composer.	Jennie Muskett	composer
occupation	William H. Doherty (August 21, 1907 -- February 15, 2000) was an American electrical engineer noted for his invention of the Doherty amplifier.	William H. Doherty	engineer
occupation	Misterioso Jr. (Birthdate unknown) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler, who is also referred to as Misterioso II. Misterioso Jr. is the nephew of Misterioso who wore a similar mask until losing it in 1997.	Misterioso Jr.	professional wrestler
occupation	Steve Willaert is a Belgian composer, arranger, musician and producer.	Steve Willaert	composer
occupation	George Duke (January 12, 1946 -- August 5, 2013) was an American musician, known as a keyboard pioneer, composer, singer and producer in both jazz and popular mainstream musical genres.	George Duke	composer
occupation	Vijita Fernando is a Sri Lankan journalist, translator and fiction writer.	Vijita Fernando	journalist
occupation	Michel Rodrigue, aka Rodrigue, is Franco-Belgian comics artist.	Michel Rodrigue	comics artist
occupation	McCandless comes from a musical family: his father, also named Paul McCandless, was also an oboist and English hornist, and his grandfather also played the oboe.	Paul McCandless	oboist
occupation	Amod Mehra is an Indian trade analyst and film journalist.	Amod Mehra	journalist
occupation	Gerrit Smith Miller, Jr. (December 6, 1869 -- February 24, 1956) was an American zoologist and botanist.	Gerrit Smith Miller	zoologist	botanist
occupation	Alberto Flores Galindo (Bellavista, Callao, May 28, 1949 - Lima, March 26, 1990) was a famous Peruvian historian, social scientist, and essay writer.	Alberto Flores Galindo	historian
occupation	Neill W. Macaulay, Jr. PhD (April 10, 1935 in South Carolina -- October 28, 2007 in Micanopy, Florida) was a writer, professor and a former lieutenant in Fidel Castro's 26th of July Movement Army.	Neill W. Macaulay, Jr.	writer
occupation	Gary Styczynski is a professional poker player of Polish American descent who won a World Series of Poker bracelet in the $1,500 Limit Poker Hold'em event in 2007.	Gary Styczynski	poker player
occupation	Karen Anette Stai, born 24 March 1961, is a Norwegian model.	Anette Stai	model
occupation	Joe Andoe (born 1955) is an American artist, painter, and author.	Joe Andoe	painter
occupation	Denny Ray Canterbury, Jr. (born February 19, 1969 in Charleston, West Virginia) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 42 since January 12, 2013.	Ray Canterbury	politician
occupation	Freddie Burke Frederick (January 13, 1921 in San Francisco -- January 31, 1986 in Glendale, California) was an American child actor.	Freddie Burke Frederick	actor
occupation	Dwight Boyer (November 18, 1912 in Elyria, Ohio -- October 15, 1978 in Willoughby, Ohio) was a reporter and marine historian of the Great Lakes.	Dwight Boyer	historian
occupation	Wang Baoqiang (simplified Chinese: 王宝强; traditional Chinese: 王寶強; pinyin: Wáng Bǎoqiáng; born April 29, 1984) is a Chinese actor.	Wang Baoqiang	actor
occupation	Ebrima Manneh is a Gambian journalist believed by human rights organizations to have been arrested in July 2006 and secretly held in custody since then.	Ebrima Manneh	journalist
occupation	Allen Williamson (fl. c. 1970) is a former Oklahoma politician who served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1966 to 1974.	Allen Williamson	politician
occupation	Patrick Vernay is a New Caledonian triathlete.	Patrick Vernay	triathlete
occupation	Ernesto Serra (1860 - 1915) was an Italian genre, landscape and portrait painter from Varallo Sesia, Province of Vercelli in the Piemonte Region.	Ernesto Serra	painter
occupation	Márcia Mendes (July 6, 1945, in Mato Grosso do Sul -- July 6, 1979, in Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian actress and journalist.	Márcia Mendes	journalist
occupation	Ricardo Chávez is a Mexican actor who has worked in theater, television and film.	Ricardo Chávez	actor
occupation	Rosemary Victoria Schofield is a British author, biographer, and military historian.	Victoria Schofield	military historian
occupation	Azizah Y. al-Hibri is an American philosopher and academic whose specialty is Islam and law.	Azizah Y. al-Hibri	philosopher
occupation	Jeanne Larsen (born 1950 in Washington, D.C.) is a poet, novelist, translator, and essayist.	Jeanne Larsen	novelist	translator
occupation	Louise Closser Hale (October 13, 1872 -- July 26, 1933) was an American actress, playwright and novelist.	Louise Closser Hale	novelist
occupation	Lewis Mokler (born 20 May 1993) is an English R&B/Pop singer and songwriter going under the name of HUNTAR based in London, UK.	Lewis Mokler	singer and songwriter
occupation	Jolyon Connell is a former Sunday Telegraph and Sunday Times journalist who left Fleet Street to found The Week in 1995, the news digest magazine which was ultimately purchased by his mentor and guide, the late publisher and poet Felix Dennis.	Jolyon Connell	journalist
occupation	Symeon Pekalytsky (Ukrainian: Симеон Пекалицький), sometimes Semen Pekalytsky (Ukrainian: Семен Пекалицький) (born c. 1630) was a Ukrainian composer, choral director and teacher.	Symeon Pekalytsky	composer
occupation	Sven Libaek is an Australian composer, record producer and musician.	Sven Libaek	composer
occupation	Donald Briggs (Jan. 28, 1911-- Feb. 3, 1986) was an American actor, who appeared in over 75 films and television shows between the 1930s and 1970s.	Donald Briggs	actor
occupation	Hugh Lawson White Hill (March 1, 1810 - January 18, 1892) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee's 4th congressional district.	Hugh Lawson White Hill	politician
occupation	Graham Brightwell is a British mathematician working in the field of discrete mathematics.	Graham Brightwell	mathematician
occupation	János Kornai, until 1945 János Kornhauser (born January 21, 1928), is an economist noted for his analysis and criticism of the command economies of Eastern European communist states.	János Kornai	economist
occupation	Loene Carmen, also known as Lo Carmen, is an Australian singer, songwriter, musician and actress.	Loene Carmen	singer
occupation	Mikko Silvennoinen is a Finnish television host, journalist and producer.	Mikko Silvennoinen	journalist
occupation	Kenia Arias (born October 22, 1982), often referred to simply as Kenia (/ˈkɛnjə/ KEN-ya; is an American film, stage, television actress, businesswoman and singer-songwriter. Her music is distributed by the independent record label Tate Music Group.	Kenia Arias	singer-songwriter
occupation	Stephen Plunkett (born September 1, 1981) is an American theater and film actor.	Stephen Plunkett	actor
occupation	Mohammad Khoshchehreh is an Iranian economist and politician.	Mohammad Khoshchehreh	politician
occupation	Jillian Hervey (born June 19, 1989) is an American singer and member of the group Lion Babe.	Jillian Hervey	singer
occupation	Zadok Casey (March 7, 1796 -- September 4, 1862) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Illinois from 1833 to 1843.	Zadok Casey	politician
occupation	Lazycame is the stage name and performing name of Scottish singer-songwriter William Reid.	Lazycame	singer-songwriter
occupation	Pope Clement VII made Juan Pardo de Tavera a cardinal priest at the consistory of 22 February 1531.	Juan Pardo de Tavera	priest
occupation	T. Jackson King is a professional archeologist, journalist, poet and author who is a graduate of UCLA (M.A. 1976) and the University of Tennessee (B.Sc. 1971).	T. Jackson King	journalist
occupation	Cliff Bowes, also known as Clifford Bowes, was an American silent film actor.	Cliff Bowes	actor
occupation	Romolo Calabrese, is an Italian architect, active nationally and internationally in the design field and in theoretical debate.	Romolo Calabrese	architect
occupation	Bennett Harrison (June 27, 1942 Jersey City -- January 17, 1999, Brooklyn Heights) was a leading economist,physicist,astronomer,and writer.	Bennett Harrison	economist
occupation	Beaumont Newhall (June 22, 1908 -- February 26, 1993) was an American curator, art historian, writer, and photographer.	Beaumont Newhall	art historian	photographer
occupation	Kazimierz Łaski (December 15, 1921 -- October 20, 2015) was a Polish-Austrian economist.	Kazimierz Łaski	economist
occupation	Richard Allan Ream (born August 8, 1961), better known by the stage name Rikki Rockett, is an American drummer for the multi-platinum selling glam metal band, Poison.	Rikki Rockett	drummer
occupation	Heidi Groskreutz (born September 3, 1981) is an American ballroom dancer, specializing in the fields of Latin and swing dancing.	Heidi Groskreutz	dancer
occupation	Casey Barnes is an Australian singer-songwriter from Gold Coast, Queensland who was a contestant on the 2009 season of Australian Idol.	Casey Barnes	singer
occupation	Christopher Shannon is a London-based Liverpudlian fashion designer specialising in menswear.	Christopher Shannon	fashion designer
occupation	Richard Kuranda is an American director and artist of stage, cinema and television.	Richard Kuranda	artist
occupation	Mark Kurlansky (December 7, 1948) is an American journalist and writer of general interest non-fiction.	Mark Kurlansky	journalist
occupation	Phil McNulty is a Liverpool-born sports journalist.	Phil McNulty	journalist
occupation	Henry Inigo Triggs (1876--1923) was an English country house architect and designer of formal gardens, and author.	Inigo Triggs	architect
occupation	Madeline Triffon is an American wine specialist and sommelier.	Madeline Triffon	sommelier
occupation	Scott Kirchner (born August 27, 1969) is an American darts player.	Scott Kirchner	darts player
occupation	Michael Gaster FRS is a British aerospace engineer, and Professor of Experimental Aerodynamics, at City University, London.	Michael Gaster	aerospace engineer
occupation	Paula Fox (born April 22, 1923) is an American writer of novels for adults and children and of two memoirs.	Paula Fox	writer
occupation	Bob Yari (Persian: باب یاری‎‎; born May 30, 1961) is an Iranian-born American film producer.	Bob Yari	film producer
occupation	John Mills Pearson (October 7, 1832 -- June 4, 1910) was an American politician and Mason from Massachusetts.	John Mills Pearson	politician
occupation	Mary Ann Sampson is an American artist living and working in Ragland, Alabama.	Mary Ann Sampson	artist
occupation	Justine Palframan (born 4 November 1993 in Pietermaritzburg) is a South African sprinter specialising in the 200 and 400 metres.	Justine Palframan	sprinter
occupation	Jan Krist is an American singer-songwriter from Detroit, Michigan whose music is primarily folk.	Jan Krist	singer-songwriter
occupation	William Burke-White is a US-American law professor and policy advisor.	William Burke-White	policy advisor
occupation	Paul Cavonis (born December 4, 1937) is an American actor who has appeared in over 30 movies and television series.	Paul Cavonis	actor
occupation	Elspeth Denning (OAM) (née Swain, also known as Elspeth Denning-Clement and Elspeth Clement-Denning) is a former Western Australian field hockey player.	Elspeth Denning	field hockey player
occupation	Nicholas Viscardi (October 20, 1920 -- November 3, 2013), known professionally as Nick Cardy and Nick Cardi, was an American comic book artist best known for his DC Comics work on Aquaman, the Teen Titans and other major characters.	Nick Cardy	artist
occupation	Simon J. Ortiz (born May 27, 1941) is a Puebloan writer of the Acoma Pueblo tribe, and one of the key figures in the second wave of what has been called the Native American Renaissance.	Simon J. Ortiz	writer
occupation	Paul Mazzio (born 1959/60) is an American jazz trumpeter, based in Portland, Oregon.	Paul Mazzio	trumpeter
occupation	Letticia Martinez (born July 16, 1995) is an American Paralympic swimmer who is both long course and short course American record holder.	Letticia Martinez	swimmer
occupation	Stella Kilonzo is a Kenyan accountant and business administrator.	Stella Kilonzo	accountant
occupation	His son, William Ward Burrows II, was a decorated officer in the United States Navy.	William Ward Burrows I	officer
occupation	Harry Bugin (March 10, 1929 -- October 6, 2005) was an American film, stage and television actor and musician.	Harry Bugin	actor
occupation	George A. Abert (May 10, 1817 -- October 14, 1890) was an American manufacturer and politician.	George A. Abert	politician
occupation	Curley Walker (4 February 1894 -- 1973) was a British boxer who was British bantamweight champion between 1914 and 1915.	Curley Walker	boxer
occupation	David Crichton (born October 20, 1983) is a professional freestyle skier and former member of the Canadian National Development Ski Team for freestyle mogul skiing.	David Crichton	freestyle skier
occupation	Rocco Gardner is a British-born entrepreneur and musician.	Rocco Gardner	entrepreneur	musician
occupation	Francesco Gamba (December 21, 1818 -- May 10, 1887) was an Italian painter, mainly of seascapes.	Francesco Gamba	painter
occupation	Tristan Tafel is a Canadian freestyle skier specializing in ski cross.	Tristan Tafel	freestyle skier
occupation	Jean Arbault was a French mathematician who worked on the convergence of trigonometric series and who introduced Arbault sets.	Jean Arbault	mathematician
occupation	Paul ApSimon is a Canadian fencer who was the Canadian Fencing Team Leader for the 2000 Olympic Games.	Paul ApSimon	fencer
occupation	Tony E. Scales, Jr (born June 13, 1983), professionally known as Chef Tone, is an American songwriter and record producer.	Chef Tone	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Danuta Joppek is a Polish artist and painter.	Danuta Joppek	painter
occupation	Jason Joseph Francis Carlos Diaz Ejercito (born June 4, 1992) better known as Kiko Estrada is a Filipino television and film actor, known for his role in Tween Hearts in GMA, Angelito:	Kiko Estrada	actor
occupation	Conor McNamara is an Irish sports commentator who lives in Manchester, United Kingdom.	Conor McNamara	sports commentator
occupation	Chiara Banchini is a Swiss violinist, involved in the historical performance practice movement.	Chiara Banchini	violinist
occupation	Alik Sakharov (Russian: Aлик Сахаров) (born May 17, 1959) is a Soviet-born American television director.	Alik Sakharov	television director
occupation	Juan de Triana (fl. 1460 to 1500) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance period, active in the second half of the 15th century during the reign of the Catholic Monarchs.	Juan de Triana	composer
occupation	Joseph Hinks was a British inventor, working in Birmingham.	Joseph Hinks	inventor
occupation	Jane Silverstein Ries (1909--2005), also known professionally as Julia Jane Silverstein, was an American landscape architect who was the first woman licensed in Colorado as a professional landscape architect.	Jane Silverstein Ries	landscape architect
occupation	Andrés Vallejo Arcos is an Ecuadorian lawyer, journalist and politician who served as the Mayor of Quito.	Andrés Vallejo	journalist	politician
occupation	Petrache Poenaru (Romanian pronunciation: (peˈtrake po.eˈnaru); 1799--1875) was a Romanian inventor of the Enlightenment era.	Petrache Poenaru	inventor
occupation	Miguel Mena (born November 6, 1986 in Lima, Peru) is a jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing who has been competing in the United States since 2003.	Miguel Mena	jockey
occupation	Jorge Agustín Nicolás Ruiz de Santayana y Borrás, known as George Santayana (December 16, 1863 -- September 26, 1952), was a philosopher, essayist, poet, and novelist.	George Santayana	philosopher	essayist	poet	novelist
occupation	Jaime Dauncey (born November 20) is a Canadian professional wrestler, best known for her appearances with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in 2006 under the ring name, Sirelda.	Sirelda	professional wrestler
occupation	Marius Žaromskis (born July 30, 1980) is a Lithuanian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Welterweight division.	Marius Žaromskis	mixed martial artist
occupation	Todd McMullen is an American camera operator and cinematographer.	Todd McMullen	cinematographer
occupation	Stephen Dingate (birth and death details unknown) was a leading English cricketer of the mid-Georgian period.	Stephen Dingate	cricketer
occupation	Moritz Ludwig Frankenheim (June 29, 1801 -- January 14, 1869) was a German physicist, geographer, and crystallographer.	Moritz Ludwig Frankenheim	physicist
occupation	Netty Simons (née Rothenberg) (b. 26 October 1913, d. 1994) was an American pianist, music editor, music educator and composer.	Netty Simons	music educator	composer
occupation	Parker Boyiddle, Jr. is a Kiowa / Wichita / Delaware / Chicksaw painter from Chickasha, Oklahoma, who has played a pivotal role in mid-20th century Native American art.	Parker Boyiddle, Jr.	painter
occupation	James Laube is an American wine critic, writing for Wine Spectator since 1980, a full-time staff writer since 1983, with expertise on California wine.	James Laube	wine critic
occupation	Echoes,'' (Bare Hands Gallery, Birmingham, AL) her work was shown with Janice Kluge (sculptor), Lucy Jaffe (painter), and Sonja Rieger (photographer) and Marie Weaver (printmaker).	Marie Weaver	painter
occupation	Sayed Mohammad Reza Kordestani (Persian: سیدمحمدرضا کردستانی‎‎ 1893 - July 3, 1924) was a Iranian political writer and poet, with pen name of Mirzadeh Eshghi (Persian: میرزاده عشقی‎‎).	Mirzadeh Eshghi	writer	poet
occupation	Johan Hultin is a retired pathologist known for discovering tissues containing traces of the 1918 influenza virus that killed millions worldwide, and for this he has been described as the ``Indiana Jones of the scientific set.''	Johan Hultin	pathologist
occupation	Nathaniel Parker Willis (January 20, 1806 -- January 20, 1867), also known as N. P. Willis, was an American author, poet and editor who worked with several notable American writers including Edgar Allan Poe and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.	Nathaniel Parker Willis	poet
occupation	Leo Hickman was a journalist with The Guardian, writing The Eco Audit blog within the Guardian environment group of blogs.	Leo Hickman	journalist
occupation	Henry Wigstead (died 1800 at Margate) was an English Magistrate amateur painter & caricaturist.	Henry Wigstead	caricaturist
occupation	Lindley Miller Garrison (November 28, 1864 -- October 19, 1932) was a New Jersey lawyer who served as Secretary of War under U.S. President Woodrow Wilson between 1913 and 1916.	Lindley Miller Garrison	lawyer
occupation	Sandra Equihua (born January 1976) is a Mexican animator and painter.	Sandra Equihua	animator	painter
occupation	Vic Batchelder (August 27, 1940 -- October 11, 2001) was a British ice hockey journalist.	Vic Batchelder	journalist
occupation	Fernando Flávio Marques de Almeida (February 18, 1916 -- August 2, 2013) was a Brazilian geologist considered to be one of the top Brazilians concerned with the study.	Fernando Flávio Marques de Almeida	geologist
occupation	Armando Guerrero Llanes (born July 7, 1952), better known as Mando Guerrero, is a retired Mexican born American professional wrestler.	Mando Guerrero	professional wrestler
occupation	Colin MacNeil is a British comics artist, best known for his work on 2000 AD and in particular on Judge Dredd and other stories within his world like Shimura and Devlin Waugh.	Colin MacNeil	comics artist
occupation	Sandy Collora (born August 8, 1968) is an American film director and design artist, best known for the independent short film Batman:	Sandy Collora	film director
occupation	Alexander Smallens (January 1, 1889 -- November 24, 1972) was a Russian-born American conductor and music director.	Alexander Smallens	conductor
occupation	Michèle Moser (born February 14, 1979 as Michèle Knobel) is a Swiss curler and Olympic medalist.	Michèle Moser	curler
occupation	Cal McCrystal is a British theatre director and actor.	Cal McCrystal	theatre director
occupation	Furkan Ulaş Memiş (born April 22, 1991) is a Turkish amateur boxer competing in the bantamweight division.	Furkan Ulaş Memiş	boxer
occupation	Mikhail Ikonnikov (Russian: Михаил Степанович Иконников; Ukrainian: Михайло Степанович Іконніков, Mykhailo Stepanovych Ikonnikov) was a Kiev Guberniya architect, once famous among Kiev city residents.	Mikhail Ikonnikov	architect
occupation	Diane Sinclair (April 6, 1921, Brooklyn, New York -- May 14, 2011, Elmhurst, New York) was an American actress and dancer from 1939 through the 1950s.	Diane Sinclair	dancer
occupation	Jack Rush (born February 3, 1966, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American non-fiction writer, screenwriter, and actor, who has appeared in tv shows, films, and stage plays since the early 1980s.	Jack Rush	writer	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Basil Twist is a New York City-based puppeteer who is best known for his underwater puppet show, ``Symphonie Fantastique''.	Basil Twist	puppeteer
occupation	Anirvan Ghosh (Bengali: অনির্বাণ ঘোষ) is an American neuroscientist of Indian descent.	Anirvan Ghosh	neuroscientist
occupation	Magnus Volk (1851--1937) was a pioneer British electrical engineer.	Magnus Volk	electrical engineer
occupation	Abraham Watkins Venable (October 17, 1799 -- February 24, 1876) was a nineteenth-century US politician and lawyer from North Carolina.	Abraham Watkins Venable	politician	lawyer
occupation	Anthony Scaduto is a journalist and biographer of rock musicians who also writes under the name Tony Sciacca.	Anthony Scaduto	journalist
occupation	Fritz Knipschildt is a Danish chef and chocolatier.	Fritz Knipschildt	chef
occupation	Loudia Laarman (born October 4, 1991) is a Canadian sprinter of Caribbean origin who specializes in the 100 metres, 200 metres and 4×100 m relay.	Loudia Laarman	sprinter
occupation	Timothy McVeigh & the Tragedy at Oklahoma City, he stated he decapitated an Iraqi soldier with cannon fire on his first day in the war and celebrated.	Timothy McVeigh	soldier
occupation	Trish Tilby is a television news reporter, and predominantly seen working for CBNC (an obvious allusion to CNBC News Network, due to the logo, as well as accidentally being called CNBC in an issue of X-Men vol. 2).	Trish Tilby	reporter
occupation	Juha Hernesniemi (born 1947) is a Finnish neurosurgeon, chairman and professor of the neurosurgery department in Helsinki.	Juha Hernesniemi	neurosurgeon
occupation	Sharon Brous is a Los Angeles based American rabbi.	Sharon Brous	rabbi
occupation	Wu Xiubo (Chinese: 吴秀波; pinyin: Wú Xiù Bō), (born 5 September 1968), is a Chinese actor, musician and producer.	Wu Xiubo	actor
occupation	Christopher Hooley FLSW FRS (born August 7, 1928) is a British mathematician, emeritus professor of mathematics at Cardiff University.	Christopher Hooley	mathematician
occupation	William Ramsey Clark (born December 18, 1927) is an American lawyer, activist and former federal government official.	Ramsey Clark	lawyer
occupation	Graham Roumieu is a Canadian illustrator based in Toronto, Ontario.	Graham Roumieu	illustrator
occupation	Cedric Antonio Kyles (born April 24, 1964), better known by the stage name Cedric the Entertainer, is an American actor, comedian, director, and game show host.	Cedric the Entertainer	actor
occupation	Osiris Rodríguez Castillos (July 21, 1925 - October 10, 1996) was a Uruguayan writer, poet, composer and singer.	Osiris Rodríguez Castillos	writer	composer
occupation	Dr. Jane Katz is an educator, author, and world-class competitive and long distance swimmer.	Jane Katz	swimmer
occupation	Petar Majstorović (born 5 February 1975) is a Croatian heavyweight karateka and kickboxer.	Petar Majstorović	kickboxer
occupation	Bernard Hoffer (born October 14, 1934) is a Swiss-born American composer and conductor.	Bernard Hoffer	composer	conductor
occupation	Robert Hautman is an American painter, residing in western Minnesota.	Robert Hautman	painter
occupation	Donna Dresch is an American punk rock musician, perhaps best known as founder, guitarist and bass guitarist of Team Dresch.	Donna Dresch	musician
occupation	Royston Wee (born November 15, 1986) is a Singaporean mixed martial artist, currently competing as a bantamweight.	Royston Wee	mixed martial artist
occupation	Yves Préfontaine (b in Montreal, Quebec 1 Feb 1937) is a Canadian writer based in Quebec.	Yves Préfontaine	writer
occupation	Winfried Otto Schumann (May 20, 1888 -- September 22, 1974) was a German physicist who predicted the Schumann resonances, a series of low-frequency resonances caused by lightning discharges in the atmosphere.	Winfried Otto Schumann	physicist
occupation	Escolastico Calvo was a Panamanian journalist and editor.	Escolastico Calvo	journalist
occupation	Henry Smith Munroe (March 25, 1850 -- May 4, 1933) (born Henry Maynard Smith) was an American geologist who worked in Meiji period Japan as a foreign advisor to the Japanese government.	Henry Smith Munroe	geologist
occupation	Reid Carolin is an American film producer, director and screenwriter.	Reid Carolin	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Jean-Claude Floch (September 25, 1953- ), known as Floc'h, is a French illustrator, comics artist, and writer.	Floc'h	comics artist
occupation	Behnam Tashakkor (Persian: بهنام تشکر‎‎, born 1977) is an Iranian actor.	Behnam Tashakkor	actor
occupation	James William Abert (November 18, 1820 -- August 10, 1897) was an American soldier, explorer, ornithologist and topographical artist.	James William Abert	explorer	ornithologist
occupation	Dan Bilefsky is a London-based reporter for The New York Times.	Dan Bilefsky	reporter
occupation	Mario Agustín Fernández Sánchez is a Bolivian composer who was born in 1958.	Agustín Fernández Sánchez	composer
occupation	William Becknell (1787 or 1788--30 April 1865) was a soldier, politician, and freight operator who is credited with opening the Santa Fe Trail in 1821.The Santa Fe Trail was a 19th-century transportation route through central North America that connected Franklin, Missouri with Santa Fe, New Mexico.	William Becknell	politician
occupation	Nicolas Collins (born March 26, 1954 in New York City) is a composer of mostly electronic music and former student of Alvin Lucier.	Nicolas Collins	composer
occupation	Alison Des Forges (née Liebhafsky) (August 20, 1942 -- February 12, 2009) was an American historian and human rights activist who specialized in the African Great Lakes region, particularly the 1994 Rwandan Genocide.	Alison Des Forges	historian	human rights activist
occupation	Steve Kavanagh (born in Oakville, Ontario) was a Canadian figure skater who competed in ice dance.	Steve Kavanagh	figure skater
occupation	Petr Vasiliev (also Pyotr Vasiliev, Uzbek: Пётр Васильев; born April 21, 1981) is an Uzbek former swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Petr Vasiliev	swimmer
occupation	Joseph E. LeDoux (born December 7, 1949) is an American neuroscientist whose research is primarily focused on the biological underpinnings of emotion and memory, especially brain mechanisms related to fear and anxiety.	Joseph E. LeDoux	neuroscientist
occupation	John Henry Kreitler, also credited as John Henry, is an American television composer and song writer.	John Henry Kreitler	composer
occupation	Nic Andrews is an American pornographic film director.	Nic Andrews	film director
occupation	Guitar Slim, Jr. (born Rodney Glynn Armstrong, 1951, New Orleans, Louisiana, United States) is an American New Orleans blues guitarist and singer.	Guitar Slim, Jr.	singer
occupation	William Hopkinson Cox (October 22, 1856 -- October 13, 1950) was an American politician, who served as the 30th Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky from 1907 to 1911, under Governor Augustus E. Willson.	William Hopkinson Cox	politician
occupation	Sarah Masen is an American singer-songwriter originally from the suburbs of Detroit, Michigan.	Sarah Masen	singer-songwriter
occupation	Kjerstin Dellert (born November 4, 1925) is a Swedish opera singer and theater manager.	Kjerstin Dellert	opera singer
occupation	Niña Pastori is a Spanish flamenco singer (cantaora).	Niña Pastori	singer
occupation	Eleanor Joanne Daley, or simply Eleanor Daley, as she is more widely known and publicized, (born in Parry Sound, Ontario on April 21, 1955) is a Canadian composer of choral and church music, a church choirmaster, choral clinician and accompanist.	Eleanor Joanne Daley	composer
occupation	Guy Marchant (also Gui or Guyot; in Latin Guido Mercator) was a printer of books, active in Paris from 1483 to 1505/1506.	Guy Marchant	printer
occupation	Iurii Zakharov (also Yuriy Zaharov, Russian: Юрий Захаров; born December 1, 1985) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer, who specialized in backstroke and individual medley events.	Iurii Zakharov	swimmer
occupation	Peter C. Perdue (born 1949) is an American author, professor, and historian.	Peter C. Perdue	historian
occupation	Peter Duchan is an American playwright and screenwriter, best known for the film Breaking Upwards and the musical Dogfight.	Peter Duchan	screenwriter
occupation	Wayne Morgan (born October 7, 1950) was the Iowa State University men's basketball coach from 2003 to 2006.	Wayne Morgan	basketball coach
occupation	Orrin Grimmell Judd (September 6, 1906 -- July 7, 1976) was a lawyer who served for eight years as a federal judge in the Eastern District of New York.	Orrin Grimmell Judd	lawyer	judge
occupation	Allan Pollok-Morris FRSA is a documentary photographer.	Allan Pollok-Morris	photographer
occupation	Victor Milner, A.S.C. (December 15, 1893 -- October 29, 1972) (sometimes Victor Miller) was an American cinematographer.	Victor Milner	cinematographer
occupation	Kermit Roosevelt III (born July 14, 1971) is an American teacher, writer, author, and lawyer.	Kermit Roosevelt III	lawyer
occupation	Jackson Narcomey was a Muscogee Creek painter and printmaker from Oklahoma.	Jackson Narcomey	painter
occupation	Dr Bernard Whimpress is an Australian historian, most active in the area of sports history.	Bernard Whimpress	historian
occupation	Vladimir Dubossarsky (Russian: Владимир Дубосарский) (1964) is a Russian painter working in pop art genre.	Vladimir Dubossarsky	painter
occupation	Kristiane Allert-Wybranietz (born 1955) is a writer and poet.	Kristiane Allert-Wybranietz	poet
occupation	Abhi Subedi (Nepali: अभि सुवेदी; born on June 30, 1945) is a Nepali poet, playwright, linguist, translator and critic, who writes in Nepali and English.	Abhi Subedi	poet	playwright	linguist	translator
occupation	George Tames (January 21, 1919 -- February 23, 1994) was an American photographer for The New York Times from 1945-1985.	George Tames	photographer
occupation	Dana Mase is an American pop singer and songwriter.	Dana Mase	singer	songwriter
occupation	Natalie Turner is a Canadian animator, effects animator, and animation professor.	Natalie Turner	animator
occupation	Marcel Carrière (born April 16, 1935) is a Canadian film director and sound engineer.	Marcel Carrière	film director	engineer
occupation	George Gladstone, also known as George Gladstone Marais, (January 14, 1901, Jamaica -- May 19, 1978, Kingston, Jamaica) was a West Indian cricketer who played in one Test in 1930.	George Gladstone	cricketer
occupation	Omar Doom (born June 29, 1976) is an American actor, musician and artist.	Omar Doom	actor	musician
occupation	Jérôme Franel (1859--1939) was a Swiss mathematician who specialised in analytic number theory.	Jérôme Franel	mathematician
occupation	Larry Claxton Flynt, Jr. (born November 1, 1942) is an American publisher and the president of Larry Flynt Publications (LFP).	Larry Flynt	publisher
occupation	Ebbe Roe Smith is an American actor and screenwriter perhaps best known as the writer of the film Falling Down.	Ebbe Roe Smith	actor
occupation	Andy Dehnart (born August 26, 1977) is an American journalist and television critic.	Andy Dehnart	journalist
occupation	Rober Hatemo (born December 25, 1974) is a famed Turkish pop singer.	Rober Hatemo	singer
occupation	João Esteves da Veiga de Nápoles distinguished himself as a diplomat and later as member of the Privy Council of King John I of Portugal.	João Esteves da Veiga de Nápoles	diplomat
occupation	Antonio Meneses Saillant, (born Alfonso Antonio Meneses; August 17, 1975) is an American actor, director, screenwriter, producer and green activist.	Antonio Meneses Saillant	actor
occupation	Robert E. McAfee is a general and vascular surgeon, physician and advocate for the prevention of family violence and the better healthcare, particularly for adolescents.	Robert E. McAfee	surgeon
occupation	Graeme Bowbrick Q.C. (born 1965 or 1966) is a Canadian lawyer, educator and former politician.	Graeme Bowbrick	politician
occupation	Lennox Godfrey Bird (1878--1956) was a British architect who was a prominent practitioner in Hong Kong.	Lennox Godfrey Bird	architect
occupation	Ernie Haase (born December 12, 1964 in Cynthiana, Indiana, grew up in Newburgh) is an American singer.	Ernie Haase	singer
occupation	Edward Seckerson is a British music journalist and radio presenter specialising in musical theatre.	Edward Seckerson	journalist
occupation	Clodius Celsinus Adelphius or Adelfius (fl. 333--351) was a politician of the Roman Empire.	Clodius Celsinus Adelphius	politician
occupation	Juli Crockett (born August 1, 1975) is an American playwright and theater director, retired professional boxer and amateur champion, lead singer of the alternative country band The Evangenitals, and producer of The 1 Second Film.	Juli Crockett	playwright	director
occupation	Roberto Rey (February 15, 1905 -- May 30, 1972) was a Chilean film actor who worked in Spain, appearing in more than fifty films during his career including the 1935 musical Paloma Fair.	Roberto Rey	actor
occupation	Austin John Winkler (born October 25, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter best known for being the former lead singer of the American rock band Hinder.	Austin John	singer
occupation	Bruce Jarchow (born May 19, 1948) is an American film and television actor, most notable for his role as Lyle Ferguson in the film Ghost.	Bruce Jarchow	actor
occupation	Henry Wikoff (c. 1811--1884) was an American traveler and writer.	Henry Wikoff	writer
occupation	Joy Angela Villa (born April 25, 1991), better known by her stage name Princess Joy Villa, is a California-born American singer and songwriter living in New York.	Joy Villa	singer
occupation	Mark Buntzman is the film director, writer, producer and actor of the cult classic movie The Exterminator 2, and was also the producer of the first, The Exterminator.	Mark Buntzman	film director	actor
occupation	Lou Cass (born April 20, 1966) is an American actor and porn star.	Lou Cass	actor
occupation	Dominique Othenin-Girard (born 13 February 1958) is a Swiss/French film director, producer and screenwriter.	Dominique Othenin-Girard	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Ana Clara Guerra Marques is an Angolan professional dancer.	Ana Clara Guerra Marques	dancer
occupation	Henry Petroski (February 6, 1942) is an American engineer specializing in failure analysis.	Henry Petroski	engineer
occupation	Victor Ray Wilson (February 20, 1959 -- April 30, 1996), better known as Beatmaster V, was the drummer of Body Count.	Beatmaster V	drummer
occupation	Ezekiel Giles (born October 13, 1975), better known by his stage name Freekey Zekey, is an African-American rapper and music executive.	Freekey Zekey	rapper
occupation	Eben Fiske Ostby (born February 24, 1955) is a pioneer computer graphics software developer, animator, and technical director for motion pictures.	Eben Fiske Ostby	animator
occupation	Philip H. Goodman (November 26, 1914 -- May 1, 1976) was an American politician, 42nd Mayor of the City of Baltimore and a member of the Maryland Senate.	Philip H. Goodman	politician
occupation	Arnoldo Vizcaíno Rodríguez is a Mexican politician, founder and former chairman of the Party of the Democratic Revolution chapter in the state of Colima.	Arnoldo Vizcaíno	politician
occupation	Antonio Rodríguez Salvador (born December 22, 1960), is a poet, fiction writer, dramatist and essayist.	Antonio Rodríguez Salvador	poet	writer
occupation	Marc Tanguay is a Canadian politician and a member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the LaFontaine electoral district.	Marc Tanguay	politician
occupation	Jeanne Madden (1917--1989) was an American singer known for her roles in musical theatre.	Jeanne Madden	singer
occupation	Vlado Ursić, is a Croatian rugby union player.	Vlado Ursić	rugby union player
occupation	Patrick Martin (born May 23, 1983), is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Alex Shelley.	Alex Shelley	professional wrestler
occupation	Baron Lars Herman Gyllenhaal (1790--1858) was a Swedish civil servant, politician, friherre and a Lord of the Realm.	Lars Herman Gyllenhaal	politician
occupation	Margarita Maslennikova was a former Soviet cross-country skier who competed in the 1950s.	Margarita Maslennikova	cross-country skier
occupation	Antun Nalis (February 9, 1911 -- February 14, 2000), aka Tonči Nalis, was a Croatian actor.	Antun Nalis	actor
occupation	Blake Colburn Wilbur (May 29, 1901 -- March 10, 1974) was a surgeon and one of the founders of the Palo Alto Medical Clinic.	Blake Colburn Wilbur	surgeon
occupation	Garo Mafyan is (born 1951 in Istanbul) a famous Turkish musician and composer of Armenian descent.	Garo Mafyan	composer
occupation	Antônio Pecci Filho (born July 6, 1946), better known as Toquinho (Portuguese pronunciation: (toˈkĩɲu)), is a Brazilian singer and guitarist.	Toquinho	singer	guitarist
occupation	Patrick Harpur (July 14, 1950; Windsor, England) is an English writer.	Patrick Harpur	writer
occupation	RaVaughn Nichelle Brown is a singer-songwriter and actress from Carson, California initially signed to Ne-Yo's imprint Compound University which includes artists such as Adrienne Bailon, who later moved to Columbia Records in 2011.	RaVaughn	singer-songwriter
occupation	Lisa Gutkin is a Grammy-award winning violinist, mostly known for her work with the American Klezmer band, The Klezmatics.	Lisa Gutkin	violinist
occupation	Florin Curta (born January 16, 1965) is a Romanian-born American historian, medievalist and archaeologist on Eastern Europe.	Florin Curta	historian	medievalist	archaeologist
occupation	John Fante (April 8, 1909 -- May 8, 1983) was an American novelist, short story writer and screenwriter of Italian descent.	John Fante	novelist	writer	screenwriter
occupation	João Zero (born August 7, 1950 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian cartoonist and illustrator journalist.	João Zero	cartoonist
occupation	Rameswar Teli is an Indian politician from Assam, and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.	Rameswar Teli	politician
occupation	Jane Kirby was a Canadian figure skater who was the ladies gold medalist in the 1951 Canadian Figure Skating Championships.	Jane Kirby	figure skater
occupation	Samin K. Sharma is a U.S. interventional cardiologist holding the American record for the highest number of complex coronary interventions performed annually, along with the highest angioplasty success rate in New York State.	Samin K. Sharma	cardiologist
occupation	Tony Platt is an English sound engineer and record producer, best known for his work with a diverse mix of artists, including Celtic Frost, AC/DC, Cheap Trick, Bob Marley, Iron Maiden, Shy, Buddy Guy, Foreigner, Sparks, Jazz Jamaica All Stars, Lillian Axe and Motörhead.	Tony Platt	record producer
occupation	Robert Neuwirth is an American journalist, author, and investigative reporter.	Robert Neuwirth	journalist	author	investigative reporter
occupation	Jamal Nebez (Kurdish Cemal Nebez) (born 1933) is a Kurdish linguist, mathematician and writer.	Jamal Nebez	mathematician
occupation	Richard Levinson (August 7, 1934 -- March 12, 1987) was an American writer and producer who often worked in collaboration with William Link.	Richard Levinson	writer
occupation	Adrian Dearnell (fr: Adrian Dearnell), a Franco-American financial journalist, is the founder and CEO of EuroBusiness Media, and former anchorman for several TV and radio stations such as Bloomberg TV.	Adrian Dearnell	journalist
occupation	Bruce Bagemihl is a Canadian biologist, linguist, and author of the book Biological Exuberance:	Bruce Bagemihl	biologist	linguist
occupation	Tika Sumpter (born Euphemia L. Sumpter; June 20, 1980) is an American actress, television host, and model.	Tika Sumpter	model
occupation	Carlos Vaz Ferreira (October 15, 1872 -- January 3, 1958) was an Uruguayan philosopher, writer, and academic.	Carlos Vaz Ferreira	philosopher
occupation	Markus Mustonen is a musician who plays drums, keyboards, piano and sings backing vocals in the Swedish band Kent.	Markus Mustonen	musician
occupation	W. Stewart Campbell (died February 11, 2009) was an American production designer and art director.	W. Stewart Campbell	art director
occupation	Lyle Beerbohm (born February 5, 1979) is an American professional mixed martial artist who has fought for Strikeforce, the World Series of Fighting, EliteXC, and King of the Cage.	Lyle Beerbohm	mixed martial artist
occupation	Wendy Mae Chambers (born January 24, 1953) is an American composer, currently living in Harvey Cedars, New Jersey.	Wendy Mae Chambers	composer
occupation	Joe Cheung Tung-cho (張同祖) is a Hong Kong director, producer, scriptwriter and actor.	Joe Cheung	actor
occupation	Willow Dawson is a Canadian cartoonist and illustrator, whose works include The Big Green Book of the Big Blue Sea with author Helaine Becker (Kids Can Press), Hyena in Petticoats:	Willow Dawson	cartoonist
occupation	Susan Gottesman is microbiologist at the National Cancer Institute (NCI), which is part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH).	Susan Gottesman	microbiologist
occupation	Dirk Balthaus (born Oberhausen, 1965) is a German jazz pianist.	Dirk Balthaus	pianist
occupation	Dan Hornbuckle (born December 26, 1980) is an American mixed martial artist, and a member of the Eastern Band Cherokee tribe.	Dan Hornbuckle	mixed martial artist
occupation	During the 1960s, Robert Jay Lifton, together with his mentor Erik Erikson and MIT historian Bruce Mazlish, formed a group to apply psychology and psychoanalysis to the study of history.	Robert Jay Lifton	historian
occupation	Joseph Depew (July 11, 1912 -- October 30, 1988) was an American television director and producer and actor.	Joseph Depew	actor
occupation	Leonard Grant (born June 25, 1980), better known by his stage name, Uncle Murda, is an American rapper from the Louis Pink housing Projects of East New York.	Uncle Murda	rapper
occupation	Marina Dzhashi is a Russian news anchor and journalist at RT. She holds a Masters in International Journalism from Westminster University, UK.	Marina Dzhashi	journalist
occupation	Martin Karplus (born March 15, 1930) is an Austrian-born American theoretical chemist.	Martin Karplus	chemist
occupation	Stephenie Meyer (née Morgan; /ˈmaɪ.ər/; born December 24, 1973) is an American young-adult fiction writer and film producer, best known for her vampire romance series Twilight.	Stephenie Meyer	writer	film producer
occupation	Henning von Gierke is a German painter, set designer, production designer and art director.	Henning von Gierke	painter
occupation	Joseph Pombo (born in Mendi, Papua New Guinea) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Halswell Hornets in the Canterbury Rugby League.	Joseph Pombo	rugby league player
occupation	Johnny Minick (born July 8, 1955) is an award-winning American gospel singer, songwriter, arranger, recording artist, record producer, and pastor.	Johnny Minick	singer
occupation	Valentin Streltsov is a contemporary Ukrainian icon painter, working in the classical Byzantine style.	Valentin Streltsov	painter
occupation	Erzsébet Menczer (born September 29, 1961) is a Hungarian journalist and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Óbuda-Békásmegyer (Budapest Constituency III) from 2010 to 2014.	Erzsébet Menczer	journalist	politician
occupation	James Clackson is a British linguist and Indo-Europeanist.	James Clackson	linguist	Indo-Europeanist
occupation	Viktor Gluck was a German cinematographer who worked on thirty three films between 1923 and 1934.	Viktor Gluck	cinematographer
occupation	Kurt Symanzik (November 23, 1923 -- October 25, 1983) was a German physicist working in quantum field theory.	Kurt Symanzik	physicist
occupation	Elena Boeva is a Bulgarian model and actress based in New York, USA.	Elena Boeva	model
occupation	Marie Solange Pagonendji-Ndakala is a Central African Republic politician who is Minister of Development, Tourism and Crafts.	Marie Solange Pagonendji-Ndakala	politician
occupation	Helen Farnsworth Mears (/mɪərs/; December 21, 1872 -- February 17, 1916) was an American sculptor.	Helen Farnsworth Mears	sculptor
occupation	Joe Denim (born Joel Brentlinger on December 19, 1974) is an American comedian / singer / songwriter who co-wrote the hit song ``Pray for You'' by Jaron & the Long Road to Love in 2009 which reached the Top 15 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.	Joe Denim	songwriter
occupation	Daniel Bleichenbacher (born 1964) is a Swiss cryptographer, previously a researcher at Bell Labs, and currently employed at Google.	Daniel Bleichenbacher	cryptographer
occupation	Ninezero (born Craig Andrew Schweizer, 18 October) is an Australian rock/metal singer, songwriter and musician.	Ninezero	singer
occupation	Dick A. Greco (born September 14, 1933) is a politician, businessman, and civic activist from Tampa, Florida.	Dick A. Greco	politician
occupation	The Master of the Rajhrad Altarpiece (sometimes called the Master of Raigern) was a Bohemian painter active in the region around Olomouc and Brno before 1420.	Master of the Rajhrad Altarpiece	painter
occupation	Minon John ( born12 February 2000) is an Indian actor and artist, from Kerala, best known for his works in Malayalam films.	Minon	actor
occupation	Jīn Xuěfēi (simplified Chinese: 金雪飞; traditional Chinese: 金雪飛; born February 21, 1956) is a contemporary Chinese-American poet and novelist using the pen name Ha Jin (哈金).	Ha Jin	poet	novelist
occupation	Howard Dudley Hart (born August 4, 1968) is an American professional golfer with two PGA Tour wins in an injury-riddled career.	Dudley Hart	golfer
occupation	Emmanuel Ghent (1925--2003) was a pioneering composer of electronic music and a psychiatric practitioner, researcher, and teacher.	Emmanuel Ghent	composer
occupation	Paul Kelpe (/ˈkɛl.piː/; January 15, 1902 -- December 8, 1985) was a German-born American abstract painter.	Paul Kelpe	painter
occupation	Édouard Lock (born March 3, 1954, Morocco) is a Canadian dance choreographer and the founder of the Canadian dance group, La La La Human Steps.	Édouard Lock	choreographer
occupation	Talal Asad (born 1932) is an anthropologist at the CUNY Graduate Center.	Talal Asad	anthropologist
occupation	Karl Hasselmann (1883--1966) was a German cinematographer who worked on over a hundred films during a long career.	Karl Hasselmann	cinematographer
occupation	Kathy Diamond is a funk/disco house singer-songwriter from London, England.	Kathy Diamond	songwriter
occupation	Charles Peale Polk (March 17, 1767 -- May 6, 1822) was a renowned American portrait painter and the nephew of artist Charles Willson Peale.	Charles Peale Polk	painter
occupation	Segna di Bonaventura, also known as Segna de Bonaventura, and as Segna di Buonaventura, was an Italian painter of the Sienese School.	Segna di Bonaventura	painter
occupation	P. K. Dharmalingam is an Indian former cricketer.	P. K. Dharmalingam	cricketer
occupation	James Lecesne (born November 24, 1954) is an American actor, author, screenwriter, and LGBT rights activist best known for his screenplay of the Academy-award winning short film Trevor.	James Lecesne	actor
occupation	Elizabeth Lawrie Smellie, CBE, RRC (March 22, 1884 -- March 5, 1968) was a Canadian nurse, and the first woman to be promoted to the rank of colonel in the Canadian army.	Elizabeth Lawrie Smellie	nurse
occupation	Tom Salta is an American recording artist and soundtrack composer.	Tom Salta	composer
occupation	Christopher Lehmann-Haupt (born 1934) is an American journalist, critic and novelist.	Christopher Lehmann-Haupt	journalist	novelist
occupation	Marcel Dandeneau (born June 28, 1931) is an American educator and politician.	Marcel Dandeneau	politician
occupation	Rhashan Stone (born November 3, 1969) is an American-born British actor and comedian.	Rhashan Stone	actor	comedian
occupation	Doug Worgul (born September 13, 1953) is an American writer and editor based in Kansas City.	Doug Worgul	writer
occupation	Gavin MacLeod (born Allan George See; February 28, 1931) is an American film, television and character actor, ship's ambassador, Christian activist and author, whose career spans six decades of television.	Gavin MacLeod	character actor
occupation	Gauthamadas Udipi is a professor and renowned psychiatrist in Chennai, India who has been conferred the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Indian Medical Association, the largest single body of doctors in the world, for his contribution to psychosocial interventions in disasters, public awareness on mental health, medical education, and service to the community.	Gauthamadas Udipi	psychiatrist
occupation	Graham Ibbeson is an artist and sculptor resident of Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England.	Graham Ibbeson	sculptor
occupation	Elisabeth Popien is a German alto singer.	Elisabeth Popien	singer
occupation	Diederik Aerts (born April 17, 1953) is a Belgian theoretical physicist and a professor at Brussels Free University (Vrije Universiteit Brussel - VUB), where he directs the Center Leo Apostel for Interdisciplinary Studies (CLEA).	Diederik Aerts	physicist
occupation	Ferdinand Hipolito Navarro (born January 4, 1977), better known as Vhong Navarro, is a Filipino comedian, actor, dancer, singer and TV host of ABS-CBN.	Vhong Navarro	comedian	actor	dancer	singer
occupation	Julius Lenzberg (January 3, 1878 to April 24, 1956) was a German-American composer of ragtime and jazz.	Julius Lenzberg	composer
occupation	Ian Donovan (born July 7, 1976) is a Canadian politician who was an elected member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the electoral district of Little Bow.	Ian Donovan	politician
occupation	James Hugh Loden (born May 1, 1929), known professionally as Sonny James, is an American country music singer and songwriter best known for his 1957 hit, ``Young Love''.	Sonny James	singer
occupation	Brent Tyler is a lawyer in Quebec, Canada, known for his frequent court challenges to ``Bill 101'', Quebec's Charter of the French Language temporarily disbarred in November 2011 for not completing the continuing education requirements.	Brent Tyler	lawyer
occupation	Earle Dickson (October 10, 1892--September 21, 1961) was an American inventor best known for creating Band-Aid® brand adhesive bandages.	Earle Dickson	inventor
occupation	George Williams Brown PhD, LLD, FRSC (1894--1963), was a Canadian historian and editor.	George Williams Brown	historian	editor
occupation	Teddy Infuhr (November 9, 1936 -- May 12, 2007), born Theodore Edward Infuhr, was an American child actor.	Teddy Infuhr	actor
occupation	Sidney Harman (August 4, 1918 -- April 12, 2011) was a Canadian-born American engineer and businessman active in education, government, industry, and publishing.	Sidney Harman	engineer
occupation	Anis Lounifi (Arabic: أنيس الونيفي‎) (born 7 January 1978) is a retired Tunisian judoka.	Anis Lounifi	judoka
occupation	Sergio Arau (born Alfonso Sergio Arau Corona; November 14, 1951), also known as ``El Uyuyuy'' is a Mexican musician, singer-songwriter, screenwriter, film director, film producer, music producer, cartoonist, animator and painter.	Sergio Arau	musician	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Scott Huckabay is an American composer, acoustic electric guitarist and poet.	Scott Huckabay	composer	poet
occupation	Alexander Kaletski is an American contemporary artist.	Alexander Kaletski	artist
occupation	Stephan Berg (born February 11, 1957), is a Swedish composer and song writer.	Stephan Berg	composer
occupation	Igor Beretić (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Беретић) (born May 31, 1981 in Novi Sad, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian swimmer.	Igor Beretić	swimmer
occupation	Jean-François Batellier (born 1947 in Paris) is an independent ``political'' (in the broadest sense) cartoonist.	Jean-François Batellier	cartoonist
occupation	Viola Herms Drath (1920--2011) was a Washington, DC socialite, who started life as a playwright, then became a ``notable figure in German-American relations for over thirty years'', and ended her life as a 91-year-old murder victim.	Viola Herms Drath	socialite
occupation	Yan Yinling (simplified Chinese: 颜垠凌; traditional Chinese: 顔垠凌; pinyin: Yán Yínlíng, or in Japanese, Inrin (インリン); born February 15, 1976) is a Japan-based Taiwanese swimsuit model, race queen, singer and former professional wrestler.	Yinling	model	singer
occupation	Hermes Pan (December 10, 1909 -- September 19, 1990) was an American dancer and choreographer, principally remembered as Fred Astaire's choreographic collaborator on the famous 1930s movie musicals starring Astaire and Ginger Rogers.	Hermes Pan	choreographer
occupation	Aaron Burns (born Houston, Texas, January 28, 1985) is an American film producer, actor, film director, screenwriter, film editor, and cinematographer.	Aaron Burns	actor	film director
occupation	Peter B. Lawrence is a British amateur astronomer best known for his popularization of astronomy on the BBC's The Sky at Night with Sir Patrick Moore, Paul Abel and Prof. Chris Lintott.	Peter B. Lawrence	astronomer
occupation	Momtaz Begum (Bengali: মমতাজ বেগম) is a Bangladeshi singer and producer of Bengali folk music.	Momtaz Begum	singer
occupation	Ross Hagen (May 21, 1938 -- May 7, 2011) was an American voice actor, actor, director, screenwriter and producer whose television acting credits included Daktari.	Ross Hagen	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Janis Ian (born Janis Eddy Fink; April 7, 1951) is an American singer-songwriter who was mostly active in the 1960s and 1970s; her most successful song At Seventeen, was released as a single from her 1975 album Between the Lines which reached number 1 on the Billboard chart.	Janis Ian	singer-songwriter
occupation	Marta Marrero (born May 18, 1969), known as Martika, is a singer-songwriter and actress, who released two internationally successful albums in the late 1980s and early 1990s, selling over four million copies worldwide.	Martika	singer
occupation	Marc Egnal (born December 11, 1943) is an American historian, academic and a professor of history at York University, Toronto, Canada.	Marc Egnal	historian
occupation	The Jena Painter was an ancient Greek vase painter, active in Athens around 400 BC. He mainly painted kylikes in the red-figure technique.	Jena Painter	painter
occupation	Clarita Crisostomo Dela Fuente-De Guzman (born December 28, 1958), better known as Claire de la Fuente, is a Filipino singer who achieved celebrity status in the late 1970s with the jukebox hit ``Sayang''.	Claire de la Fuente	singer
occupation	Ronald E. Powaski is an American historian who has written on the 20th century foreign policies of the United States and Europe.	Ronald E. Powaski	historian
occupation	Erica Cho is a bi-coastal (Philadelphia and Los Angeles) visual artist, animator, and filmmaker.	Erica Cho	animator
occupation	Rohit Khosla is the first Indian fashion designer to launch a haute couture.	Rohit Khosla	fashion designer
occupation	Allen Holubar (August 3, 1888 -- November 20, 1923) was an American actor, film director and screenwriter of the silent film era.	Allen Holubar	actor	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Jessie Godderz (born April 23, 1986) also known as Mr. Pec-Tacular is an American professional wrestler signed with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) where he is a former two-time TNA World Tag Team Champion with Robbie E as The BroMans.	Jessie Godderz	professional wrestler
occupation	Yossi Dina (Hebrew: יוסי דינה) is an Israeli businessman, entrepreneur, and reality television personality who lives in Hollywood.	Yossi Dina	entrepreneur
occupation	Donald Patrick Harvey II (born May 31, 1960) is an American actor and voice actor, known professionally as Don Harvey.	Donald Patrick Harvey	actor	voice actor
occupation	Sheizaf Rafaeli (Hebrew: שיזף רפאלי‎), is an Israeli researcher, scholar of computer-mediated communication, computer scientist, and newspaper columnist.	Sheizaf Rafaeli	computer scientist	columnist
occupation	Louis Fitzhenry (June 13, 1870 - November 18, 1935) was briefly a U.S. Representative from Illinois, and later a long-serving United States federal judge.	Louis Fitzhenry	judge
occupation	William Dennis Weaver (June 4, 1924 -- February 24, 2006) was an American actor who was best known for his work in television.	Dennis Weaver	actor
occupation	George Shepard Chappell, AIA (January 2, 1877 -- November 25, 1946) was an American architect, parodist, journalist (with the magazine Vanity Fair) and author.	George Shepard Chappell	architect	journalist
occupation	Tomas van Houtryve is a Belgian documentary photographer and a member of VII Photo Agency.	Tomas van Houtryve	photographer
occupation	Michael Licari is an American television composer and song writer.	Michael Licari	composer
occupation	Porfirio Piña (born August 16, 1965), talent manager, entrepreneur, music advocate and artistic director.	Porfirio Piña	entrepreneur
occupation	Tom Lavin is a Chicago-born musician and record producer and founding member of the Juno Award winning (1981) Canadian group, the Powder Blues Band on Warner Brothers Records.	Tom Lavin	record producer
occupation	Sharon Harris is a libertarian political activist and president of the Advocates for Self-Government.	Sharon Harris	political activist
occupation	Abdul Nasser El Hakim (Arabic: عبد الناصر الحكيم‎; born November 1, 1960) is a Lebanese-born Curaçaoan businessman and politician.	Abdul Nasser El Hakim	politician
occupation	Catherine Eddy Beveridge (June 29, 1881 -- May 28, 1970) was a socialite and philanthropist who came from a prominent Chicago, Illinois family.	Catherine Eddy Beveridge	socialite
occupation	Don Gehman is an American record producer, best known for his work in the 1980s with John Mellencamp.	Don Gehman	record producer
occupation	Jam Sadiq Ali (Urdu: جام صادق علی ‎) was a politician from Sindh, Pakistan.	Jam Sadiq Ali	politician
occupation	Michael Allen Gillespie is an American philosopher and Professor of Political Science and Philosophy at Duke University.	Michael Allen Gillespie	philosopher
occupation	Suvendu Adhikari is an Indian politician and member of the 15th Lok Sabha and the 16th Lok Sabha.	Suvendu Adhikari	politician
occupation	Jim Ott (born June 6, 1947) is a Wisconsin politician and former television meteorologist.	Jim Ott	politician
occupation	Nicola Hicks (born 1960, London) is an English sculptor.	Nicola Hicks	sculptor
occupation	Darrin Van Horn (born September 7, 1968, in Morgan City, Louisiana) is a retired professional boxer.	Darrin Van Horn	boxer
occupation	Deborah H. Gruenfeld is an American social psychologist whose work examines the way people are transformed by the organizations and social structures in which they work.	Deborah H. Gruenfeld	psychologist
occupation	Vicki Vomit (born Jens Hellmann, July 9, 1963, Trusetal) is a German satirical musician and comedian.	Vicki Vomit	musician
occupation	Issandr El Amrani is a Moroccan-American political analyst, journalist and commentator, writing about Egypt and the Middle East for British, American and Middle Eastern publications.	Issandr El Amrani	journalist
occupation	Tracie Laymon is a screenwriter, producer and film director.	Tracie Laymon	film director
occupation	Herb Bergson is an American politician from Duluth, Minnesota, and former mayor of that city.	Herb Bergson	politician
occupation	Liza Donnelly is an American cartoonist and writer, best known for her work in The New Yorker.	Liza Donnelly	cartoonist
occupation	Wanda Sykes (born March 7, 1964) is an American comedian, writer, actress and voice artist.	Wanda Sykes	writer
occupation	Jacqueline Quinn is an Irish-born, New York-based, fashion designer and consultant.	Jacqueline Quinn	fashion designer
occupation	Robert Pérez Palou, known as Robert Perez, (born March 21, 1948) is a Spanish portrait painter.	Robert Pérez Palou	painter
occupation	Diocles of Magnesia (Greek: Διοκλῆς) was an ancient Greek writer from Magnesia ad Sipylum, who probably lived in the 2nd or 1st century BC. The claim that he is the Diocles to whom Meleager of Gadara dedicated his anthology is questionable.	Diocles of Magnesia	writer
occupation	Steven Martini is a writer, actor, composer, editor, and singer/songwriter.	Steven Martini	actor
occupation	Bill Frakes is an American photographer who has been on the masthead of Sports Illustrated since 1993.	Bill Frakes	photographer
occupation	Lewis deSoto (born 1954 in San Bernardino, California) is an American artist of Cahuilla Native American ancestry.	Lewis deSoto	artist
occupation	Alvin Seale (July 8, 1871 - July 28, 1958) was a naturalist known for his aquarium design and as an ichthyologist.	Alvin Seale	ichthyologist
occupation	Ryan Fogelsonger (born May 26, 1981 in Portsmouth, Virginia) is an American Champion jockey in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing.	Ryan Fogelsonger	jockey
occupation	Maricel Presilla is a chef, culinary historian, and author.	Maricel Presilla	chef
occupation	Todd Gray is the executive chef and co-owner of Equinox, a restaurant in Washington, D.C.	Todd Gray	chef
occupation	Darren Korb (born November 5, 1983) is an American songwriter and composer best known for creating the music featured in Bastion and Transistor.	Darren Korb	composer
occupation	Greg Hampikian is a prominent American biologist and the founder and director of the Idaho Innocence Project.	Greg Hampikian	biologist
occupation	Francina Díaz Mestre is a catwalk and photographic model, established in Barcelona, who worked in Spain and abroad in the 1960s and 70s.	Francina Díaz Mestre	model
occupation	Vance Packard (May 22, 1914 -- December 12, 1996) was an American journalist, social critic, and author.	Vance Packard	journalist	social critic
occupation	Scott L. McGregor is an American playwright, software and internet product designer (co-inventor of Prescient Agents and Web Conferencing), entrepreneur and educator.	Scott L. McGregor	playwright
occupation	Les Beasley (born August 16, 1928 in Crockett, Texas) was the lead singer and manager for the Florida Boys, a Southern Gospel quartet, since 1953.	Les Beasley	singer
occupation	Bhushan Patel is a Bollywood film director, who has directed the horror film 1920:	Bhushan Patel	film director
occupation	Pak Chi-eun (born November 4, 1983) is a South Korean professional Go player of 9-dan rank.	Pak Chi-eun	Go player
occupation	Rama Govindarajan, is an Indian scientist specialised in the field of Fluid Dynamics .	Rama Govindarajan	scientist
occupation	Claire Parker (August 31, 1906 -- October 3, 1981) was an American engineer and animator.	Claire Parker	animator
occupation	Mohamed Mohamud Hayd (Somali: Maxamed Maxamuud Xayd, Arabic: محمد محمود حيد‎) (died July 3, 2014) was a Somali politician and military officer.	Mohamed Mohamud Hayd	politician
occupation	Ernie Althoff is an Australian musician, composer, instrument builder, and visual artist.	Ernie Althoff	composer
occupation	Akmeemana Dayarathana Thero is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.Thero was born in Akmeemana,Galle.	Akmeemana Dayarathana Thero	politician
occupation	Shyam Pathak is a television actor and currently plays the role of Popatlal Pandey on the popular comedy show Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah on SAB TV.	Shyam Pathak	actor
occupation	Anna Belle Clement O'Brien (May 6, 1923 -- August 31, 2009) was a Tennessee politician, nicknamed ``the first lady of Tennessee politics.''	Anna Belle Clement O'Brien	politician
occupation	In 2010, Kenny Scharf collaborated with Joe Grillo and Laura Grant of Dearraindrop, an artist collective from Virginia Beach, for a show at The Hole NYC curated by Kathy Grayson.	Kenny Scharf	artist
occupation	Ian Hornak (January 9, 1944 -- December 9, 2002) was an American draughtsman, painter and printmaker and one of the founding artists of the Hyperrealist and Photorealist art movements.	Ian Hornak	painter
occupation	Roseli Ocampo-Friedmann (November 23, 1937 -- September 4, 2005) was a Filipino-American microbiologist and botanist who specialized in the study of cyanobacteria and extremophiles.	Roseli Ocampo-Friedmann	botanist
occupation	Mauricio Vila Dosal (born October 30, 2015 -- Mérida, Yucatán) is a Mexican politician.	Mauricio Vila Dosal	politician
occupation	Pietro Calendino is a Canadian provincial and municipal politician currently serving as a city councillor in Burnaby, British Columbia.	Pietro Calendino	politician
occupation	Originally educated as a macro economist, Janne Teller worked for the United Nations and the European Union in conflict resolution and humanitarian issues around the World, particularly in Africa.	Janne Teller	economist
occupation	Alexandros Chrysafos was a Greek swimmer.	Alexandros Chrysafos	swimmer
occupation	Bramah Joseph Diplock was an English inventor who invented the pedrail wheel in 1903.	Bramah Joseph Diplock	inventor
occupation	Andrew Allan Clyde, known as Andy Clyde (March 25, 1892 -- May 18, 1967), was a Scottish film and television actor whose career spanned more than four decades.	Andy Clyde	actor
occupation	Muhammad Hamza Shahbaz Sharif (Urdu: محمد حمزہ شہباز شریف‎) is a Pakistani politician and a Member of National Assembly of Pakistan in constituency no. NA-119.	Hamza Shahbaz Sharif	politician
occupation	Jacques Borlée was a sprinter, specializing in 100m, 200m and 400m, winning eight Belgian titles in total.	Jacques Borlée	sprinter
occupation	MelClaire Sy-Delfin, or better known as Claire Delfin, is a Filipino broadcast journalist from GMA Network, a popular TV network in the Philippines.	Claire Delfin	journalist
occupation	B. Vittaldas Shetty is an Indian politician who has been a minister in the Government of Karnataka.	B. Vittaldas Shetty	politician
occupation	Lonesome Bob (aka Bob Chaney) is a country rock singer-songwriter.	Lonesome Bob	singer	songwriter
occupation	Paul Schattel is an American film director and screenwriter based in North Carolina.	Paul Schattel	film director
occupation	Leroy Reams (born August 11, 1943 in Pine Bluff, Arkansas) is a retired American professional baseball player.	Leroy Reams	baseball player
occupation	Captain-major Jacques Felix was an explorer and pioneer of Brazil.	Jacques Felix	explorer
occupation	Reid Ewing (born November 7, 1988) is an American actor known for his recurring guest role as Dylan on the ABC comedy Modern Family.	Reid Ewing	actor
occupation	Benjamin Hendrickson (August 26, 1950 -- July 3, 2006) was an American actor known for playing Harold ``Hal'' Munson, Jr., the Chief of Detectives for the mythical town of Oakdale on the daytime soap opera, As the World Turns.	Benjamin Hendrickson	actor
occupation	Juan Francisco Amancio González y Escobar was a Roman Catholic priest responsible for the spiritual colonization of the Christians in Chaco.	Juan Francisco Amancio González y Escobar	priest
occupation	Peter Sahlins (born April 26, 1957) is an American historian of France and Europe.	Peter Sahlins	historian
occupation	Timi Zhuo Yi-Ting (born October 2, 1981) is a singer and actress from Taiwan.	Timi Zhuo	singer
occupation	Czesław Wycech (1899--1977) was a Polish activist, politician and historian.	Czesław Wycech	politician	historian
occupation	Kendyl Stewart (born August 17, 1994) is an American competitive swimmer who specializes in backstroke and butterfly events.	Kendyl Stewart	swimmer
occupation	Necia H. Apfel (born July 31, 1930) is an American astronomer, author and educator.	Necia H. Apfel	astronomer
occupation	Zygmunt Grodner (born 12 January 1932) is a Polish fencer and physician.	Zygmunt Grodner	fencer
occupation	Marian Cruger Coffin (September 16, 1876 -- February 2, 1957) was one of the first American women to work as a professional landscape architect, and became famous for designing numerous gardens for members of the East Coast elite to whom she had connections through her mother's side of the family.	Marian Cruger Coffin	landscape architect
occupation	Paul Kirchner (born January 29, 1952) is an American writer and illustrator who has worked in diverse areas, from comic strips and toy design to advertising and editorial art.	Paul Kirchner	writer
occupation	Ben Claassen III is a comics artist and illustrator originally from New Orleans, Louisiana who frequently works with non-traditional media such as stencils, long exposure photography, sign painting techniques, and the use of stop-motion animation via a Game Boy Camera.	Ben Claassen III	comics artist
occupation	M. K. Ramachandran is a writer from Thrissur, Kerala.	M. K. Ramachandran	writer
occupation	Jamal Mustafa (born Terrance Ladd) (born May 6, 1966) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Mustafa Saed.	Mustafa Saed	professional wrestler
occupation	St. Julien Ravenel (December 15, 1819 -- March 16, 1882) was an American physician and agricultural chemist.	St. Julien Ravenel	chemist
occupation	F. Winold Reiss (September 16, 1886 -- August 23, 1953) was a German-born American artist and graphic designer.	Winold Reiss	artist
occupation	Kevin Tierney is an Irish-Canadian film producer from Montreal who earned a Genie Award for Best Motion Picture for the film Bon Cop, Bad Cop, for which he also wrote the script.	Kevin Tierney	film producer
occupation	Yuriko Doi is a stage director, choreographer, performer and former founding artistic director of Theatre of Yugen (San Francisco, California).	Yuriko Doi	choreographer
occupation	Tim Cavanaugh is a journalist and screenwriter based in Alexandria, Virginia.	Tim Cavanaugh	screenwriter
occupation	Duston Spear, a native of Virginia, is an artist and activist residing in New York City.	Duston Spear	artist
occupation	Inès Lamunière (1954) is a Swiss architect and professor.	Inès Lamunière	architect
occupation	Piero Gamba, also called Pierino Gamba (born 16 September 1936), is an Italian orchestral conductor and pianist.	Piero Gamba	conductor
occupation	Ritesh Sidhwani (born 1973) is a Bollywood film producer, who founded a film production house under the banner of Excel Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. Along with long-time friend Farhan Akhtar, he brought to the audience Dil Chahta Hai, his first film under his banner.	Ritesh Sidhwani	film producer
occupation	Butch Patrick (born Patrick Alan Lilley; August 2, 1953) is an American former child actor.	Butch Patrick	actor
occupation	Iraj Eskandari (Persian: ایرج اسکندری‎‎, b. 1908, d. 1985) was an Iranian communist politician.	Iraj Eskandari	politician
occupation	Bonnie Crombie (née Sawarna, born February 5, 1960) is a Canadian politician who has been the Mayor of Mississauga, Ontario since 2014.	Bonnie Crombie	politician
occupation	Nicolás Nogueras Cartagena (born July 5, 1935, in Cayey, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician, commentator and former Senator.	Nicolás Nogueras	politician
occupation	Lee Hyori (Hangul: 이효리; Hanja: 李孝利; born May 10, 1979), is a South Korean singer, actress, record producer, activist, and television presenter.	Lee Hyori	singer
occupation	Walter Serle (fl. 1420) of Totnes, Devon, was an English politician.	Walter Serle	politician
occupation	Rear Admiral John Webber Crumpacker was a prominent US Naval officer.	John Webber Crumpacker	officer
occupation	George Piranian (Armenian: Ջորջ Փիրանյան; May 2, 1914 -- August 31, 2009), was a Swiss-American mathematician of Swiss and Armenian descent.	George Piranian	mathematician
occupation	Aliki Kayaloglou or Alice Kayaloglou (in Greek Αλίκη Καγιαλόγλου) is a Greek singer and performer and has had a long international career.	Aliki Kayaloglou	singer
occupation	Lama Hasan (born August 14, 1973) is a London-based British journalist for ABC News and BBC News.	Lama Hasan	journalist
occupation	Fernando Pessa, ComIH, GOM, OBE (April 15, 1902 -- April 29, 2002) was a Portuguese journalist and reporter.	Fernando Pessa	journalist
occupation	Jonathan Sachs (b. June 25, 1947) is a programmer who co-founded Lotus Development Corporation with Mitch Kapor in 1982 and created the first version of the Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet program.	Jonathan Sachs	programmer
occupation	A singer-songwriter, Dory became widely known as a lyricist with whom André Previn collaborated on several Academy Award-nominated film scores during their marriage.	André Previn	songwriter
occupation	Rashmi Singh is a journalist with the Live India news channel, who gained notoriety when she conducted a fake sting operation against a Delhi teacher in 2007.	Rashmi Singh	journalist
occupation	David Dondero (born June 24, 1969 in Duluth, Minnesota, United States) is an American songwriter, guitarist, former lead singer of the band Sunbrain.	David Dondero	singer
occupation	Ricardo Migliorisi is a Paraguayan painter, costume designer, scenery designer and architect.	Ricardo Migliorisi	architect
occupation	Jon Canter is an English television comedy writer for Lenny Henry and other leading comedians.	Jon Canter	writer
occupation	Manana Japaridze (Georgian: მანანა ჯაფარიძე; Azerbaijani: Manana Caparidze) simply known as Manana, is an Azerbaijani popular singer.	Manana Japaridze	singer
occupation	Enos William McDonald (October 1, 1915--March 31, 1968), better known as Skeets McDonald, was an American country and rockabilly musician popular during the 1950s and 60s.	Skeets McDonald	musician
occupation	M. Bernard Loates (born May 3, 1945) is a Canadian artist, lithographer and publisher in the manner of the private press movement.	M. Bernard Loates	lithographer
occupation	Karin Oliver is a former singer for the Livonia, Michigan band His Name Is Alive.	Karin Oliver	singer
occupation	Luther Carrington Goodrich (September 21, 1894 -- August 10, 1986) was an American sinologist and historian of China.	Luther Carrington Goodrich	sinologist	historian
occupation	Mykola Chaban (Ukrainian: Микола Петрович Чабан) is a Soviet and Ukrainian journalist, a Ukrainian prose writer, specialist in regional studies of Dnipropetrovsk region.	Mykola Chaban	journalist
occupation	Gordon Scott (August 3, 1926 -- April 30, 2007) was an American film and television actor known for his portrayal of the fictional character Tarzan in five films (and one compilation of three made-as-a-pilot television episodes) of the Tarzan film series from 1955 to 1960.	Gordon Scott	actor
occupation	Luciano Castro (Spanish pronunciation: (luˈsjano ˈkastɾo); born on March 16, 1975) is an Argentine actor.	Luciano Castro	actor
occupation	Stanley Blystone (August 1, 1894 -- July 16, 1956) was an American film actor who made over 500 films appearances between 1924 and 1956.	Stanley Blystone	actor
occupation	Maceo Pinkard (June 27, 1897 -- July 21, 1962) was an American composer, lyricist, and music publisher.	Maceo Pinkard	composer
occupation	Guofang Wei is a mathematician in the field of differential geometry.	Guofang Wei	mathematician
occupation	Alexis Bonnet is a French mathematician and investor.	Alexis Bonnet	mathematician
occupation	Winona LaDuke (born August 18, 1959) is an American activist, environmentalist, economist, and writer, known for her work on tribal land claims and preservation, as well as sustainable development.	Winona LaDuke	economist
occupation	Avksenty Tsagareli (Georgian: ავქსენტი ცაგარელი; Russian: Авксентий Цагарели) (February 9, 1857 -- August 12, 1902) was a Georgian playwright particularly known for his comedies.	Avksenty Tsagareli	playwright
occupation	Samiur Rahman is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 2 ODIs in 1986.	Samiur Rahman	cricketer
occupation	John Henry Maunder (February 21, 1858 -- January 21, 1920) was an English composer and organist best known for his cantata ``Olivet to Calvary'' .	John Henry Maunder	composer
occupation	Sayed Abdul Halim Shah (born January 1, 1973 in Dhaka) is a First-class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh.He was a star with the Bangladesh U-19 side in the late 80's.	Halim Shah	cricketer
occupation	Albert Edwin Condon (November 16, 1905 -- August 4, 1973), better known as Eddie Condon, was a jazz banjoist, guitarist, and bandleader.	Eddie Condon	guitarist	bandleader
occupation	Kazuhisa Watanabe (born May 18, 1983) is a Japanese boxer, kickboxer and mixed martial artist currently competing in K-1 and Dream in the featherweight division.	Kazuhisa Watanabe	boxer
occupation	Samuel Wendell Williston (July 10, 1851 -- August 30, 1918) was an American educator and paleontologist who was the first to propose that birds developed flight cursorially (by running), rather than arboreally (by leaping from tree to tree).	Samuel Wendell Williston	paleontologist
occupation	Theodorus Priscianus (Greek: Θεόδωρος ὁ Πρισκιανός) was a physician at Constantinople during the 4th century, and the author of the Latin work Rerum Medicarum Libri Quatuor.	Theodorus Priscianus	physician
occupation	John Pappas (born November 11, 1951 in Oakland, California) is an American actor, playwright and former comic who has appeared on television and in film since the 1970s.	John Pappas	actor
occupation	Vladimir Voronin's CV states he is an economist, engineer, political science graduate, and jurist by education.	Vladimir Voronin	economist
occupation	Emmanuel Farhi (born September 8, 1978) is a French economist, and currently a professor in the Harvard department of economics.	Emmanuel Farhi	economist
occupation	Aaron London (born; October 17, 1993) is a British singer, songwriter, producer & rapper.	Aaron London	songwriter
occupation	Pierre-Louis Thévenet was a French production designer, art director and set decorator.	Pierre-Louis Thévenet	art director
occupation	Brian Paulson is a musician, record producer and audio engineer from Minnesota, best known for recording albums by Slint, Uncle Tupelo, Son Volt and Wilco.	Brian Paulson	musician	record producer	audio engineer
occupation	David S. Weiss is an American comedy writer.	David S. Weiss	writer
occupation	Gustavo Arias Murueta (born May 26, 1923) is a Mexican painter, sculptor and poet, a member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana best known for his work in drawing, graphic arts and oil painting.	Gustavo Arias Murueta	painter	sculptor
occupation	Ian Stafford is a sports journalist, author and broadcaster, whose work appears both in the UK and internationally, especially in the United States and Australia.	Ian Stafford	journalist
occupation	Mari Kodama is an international pianist who has performed at festivals and other venues in Europe, North American and Japan.	Mari Kodama	pianist
occupation	Tuan Yi-kang (Chinese: 段宜康; born 14 November 1963) is Taiwanese politician.	Tuan Yi-kang	politician
occupation	Indrans Jayan is an Indian film costume designer working predominantly in Malayalam films.	Indrans Jayan	costume designer
occupation	Jason Freese (born January 12, 1975) is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, and recording engineer.	Jason Freese	musician
occupation	Chris Carson (born August 21, 1985) is an American pianist and composer native to San Antonio, Texas.	Chris Carson	composer
occupation	Joseph Philip Ronayne (1822 -- 7 May 1876) was an Irish civil engineer notable for his role in the development of Irish railways.	Joseph Philip Ronayne	civil engineer
occupation	Pavuluri Mallana, who followed Adikavi Nannaya, is a mathematician of 11th century.	Pavuluri Mallana	mathematician
occupation	Chad Van Sickle (born August 23, 1977 in Columbus) is a heavyweight American boxer.	Chad Van Sickle	boxer
occupation	Ingrid Scheffer, FAA FAHMS, is an Australian paediatric neurologist and senior research fellow at the Florey Institute of Neuroscience and Mental Health.	Ingrid Scheffer	neurologist
occupation	Coy Placido (born Jerico Calica Placido, October 20, 1977) is the composer and guitarist of the Filipino bands sessiOnroad and Top Junk.	Coy Placido	composer
occupation	Stelio Belletti (born November 19, 1932 in Mantova) is an Italian craftsman and entrepreneur and specialized in bicycle frame construction.	Stelio Belletti	entrepreneur
occupation	Kermit Van Every (March 5, 1915 -- November 20, 1998) was a noted American aeronautical engineer best known for his work in the area of very high speed flight.	Kermit Van Every	engineer
occupation	Yaroslav Hrytsak (ukr. Ярослав Грицак, born January 1, 1960 in Dovhe, Stryi Raion) is a Ukrainian historian, Doctor of Historical Sciences and visiting professor of the Central European University.	Yaroslav Hrytsak	historian
occupation	Peter Steinbrueck is an American architect and Seattle, Washington politician.	Peter Steinbrueck	architect
occupation	James Lanman (June 14, 1767 -- August 7, 1841) was an American lawyer and politician from Connecticut who served in the United States Senate.	James Lanman	politician
occupation	William Fogerty, FRIAI, FRIBA, AAI was an Irish architect active in mid-nineteenth-century Limerick, London, New York City and Dublin.	William Fogerty	architect
occupation	Simon Mitton (born 1946) is an astronomer and writer.	Simon Mitton	astronomer
occupation	Ailes Gilmour (January 27, 1912 - April 16, 1993) was a Japanese American dancer who was one of the young pioneers of the American Modern Dance movement of the 1930s.	Ailes Gilmour	dancer
occupation	Gloria Montealegre is a former television reporter and former deputy press secretary for ex-New Jersey Governor Jon S. Corzine.	Gloria Montealegre	reporter
occupation	Fredson Paixão Melo (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈfɾɛdʒisõ pajˈʃɐ̃w̃); born May 13, 1979) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instructor.	Fredson Paixão	mixed martial artist
occupation	Russell D. Moore is an American evangelical theologian, ethicist, preacher, and President of the Southern Baptist Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission.	Russell D. Moore	theologian
occupation	Charles Winkler is an American-Armenian television and film director and producer.	Charles Winkler	film director
occupation	Abolfadl Harawi was a 10th-century astronomer from Rey, Persia who, along with al-Khujandi, studied under the patronage of the Buyid dynasty.	Abolfadl Harawi	astronomer
occupation	Ian Grojnowski is a mathematician working at the Department of Pure Mathematics and Mathematical Statistics of the University of Cambridge.	Ian Grojnowski	mathematician
occupation	Charles Almon Dewey (September 11, 1877 -- March 2, 1958) was a United States federal judge in Iowa's southern district for over thirty years.	Charles Almon Dewey	judge
occupation	Sven Hugo Borg (July 26, 1896 - February 19, 1981) was a Swedish-American character actor.	Sven Hugo Borg	actor
occupation	Chough Pyung-ok (also Cho Pyung-ok or Cho Byeong-ok; 1894 -- 1960) was a South Korean politician.	Chough Pyung-ok	politician
occupation	Edwin Broun Fred (March 22, 1887 -- January 16, 1981) was an American bacteriologist and academic who was the 15th president of the University of Wisconsin--	Edwin Broun Fred	bacteriologist
occupation	Marcel Sarmiento is a film director and writer who has created both comedy and horror films, and commercials.	Marcel Sarmiento	film director
occupation	Per Sandborgh is a Swedish actor, voice actor, translator, and musician.	Per Sandborgh	actor
occupation	Hsia Chih-tsing or C. T. Hsia (February 18, 1921 -- December 29, 2013) was a renowned Chinese literary critic and scholar.	C. T. Hsia	literary critic
occupation	Rachhpal Singh is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Planning in the Government of West Bengal.	Rachhpal Singh	politician
occupation	Joseph Franz Seraph Lutzenberger (January 13, 1882 -- August 2, 1951) was a German-Brazilian architect and artist.	Joseph Franz Seraph Lutzenberger	architect
occupation	Mary O. Boyle is an American politician of the Ohio Democratic party.	Mary O. Boyle	politician
occupation	Bayless Rose was an American singer and guitarist who recorded for Gennett Records in 1930.	Bayless Rose	guitarist
occupation	Nancy Darsch (born December 29, 1951) is an American women's basketball coach who has worked at both the professional and Division I college levels.	Nancy Darsch	basketball coach
occupation	Åse Aulie Michelet (born 1952) is a Norwegian businessperson and pharmacist.	Åse Aulie Michelet	businessperson	pharmacist
occupation	Lewis Wolfley (October 8, 1839 -- February 12, 1910) was an American civil engineer who served as the eighth Governor of Arizona Territory.	Lewis Wolfley	civil engineer
occupation	Holly Merrill Raschein (born December 16, 1980) is an American politician, a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 120th District, which includes Monroe County and southern Miami-Dade County, since 2012.	Holly Merrill Raschein	politician
occupation	Alex H W Laiis a horse racing jockey, who completed his apprenticeship in December 2007.	Alex H W Lai	jockey
occupation	Sidney Morgenbesser (September 22, 1921 -- August 1, 2004) was a philosopher and long-time professor at Columbia University.	Sidney Morgenbesser	philosopher
occupation	William Lair Hill (August 20, 1838 -- February 24, 1924), also referred to as W. Lair Hill, was an American attorney, historian, and newspaper editor in Portland, Oregon.	William Lair Hill	historian	editor
occupation	William Bondy (April 9, 1870 -- March 30, 1964) was a longtime federal judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.	William Bondy	judge
occupation	Geffrey ``Geff'' Francis (born 1964), best known as Geff Francis, is a British actor who portrayed Lynford, a hoodlum, in the 1988 drama film For Queen and Country.	Geff Francis	actor
occupation	Madiha Shah is a Pakistani film and stage actor, and dancer.	Madiha Shah	actor
occupation	Warren Olney IV is an American broadcast journalist.	Warren Olney IV	journalist
occupation	Antonio Lasciac (1856--1946) was an Italian architect, engineer, poet and musician.	Antonio Lasciac	architect	engineer	poet
occupation	David Drebin is an American photographer, known for his sexy, intrigue-filled images of celebrities and non-celebrities alike.	David Drebin	photographer
occupation	Kurt Voss (born Kurt Christopher Peter Wössner) is an American film director, screenwriter and musician-songwriter.	Kurt Voss	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Nina Tapio (born February 24, 1972) is a Finnish singer, songwriter, musical actor, and session musician.	Nina Tapio	singer
occupation	Harry Goaz (born December 27, 1960) is an American actor best known for his roles as Deputy Andy Brennan in the TV drama series, Twin Peaks (1990--1991), and as Sgt. Knight in the NBC TV series, Eerie Indiana (1991-2).	Harry Goaz	actor
occupation	William Russell van Horn (July 30, 1885 -- March 11, 1970) was an American lightweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century.	Russell van Horn	boxer
occupation	Krešimir Friedrich (Croatian pronunciation: (krɛsimiːr ˈfʁiːdʁɪç); July 30, 1898, Koprivnica -- March 3, 1985, Zagreb) was a Croatian tennis player, footballer and lawyer from Koprivnica, and a national tennis champion of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.	Krešimir Friedrich	tennis player
occupation	Neil Genzlinger is an American playwright, editor, book reviewer, and theatre and television critic.	Neil Genzlinger	playwright
occupation	Louis A. Gottschalk (August 26, 1916 -- November 27, 2008) was an American psychiatrist and neuroscientist.	Louis A. Gottschalk	neuroscientist
occupation	Mysore Sadasiva Rao (1800?--1870?) was a composer of Carnatic music in the traditions of Tyagaraja.	Mysore Sadasiva Rao	composer
occupation	Suzan Pitt is an American film animator and painter, whose surreal, psychological animated films and paintings have been acclaimed and exhibited worldwide.	Suzan Pitt	painter
occupation	Babette Deutsch (September 22, 1895 -- November 13, 1982) was an American poet, critic, translator, and novelist.	Babette Deutsch	poet	translator	novelist
occupation	Larkin Goldsmith Mead, Jr. (January 3, 1835 -- October 15, 1910) was an American sculptor, working in a neoclassical style.	Larkin Goldsmith Mead	sculptor
occupation	Gyan Bahadur Yakthumba was described as a soldier, freedom fighter, crusader of the oppressed and under privileged, champion of civil liberty, human rights and justice, and a diplomat.	Gyan Bahadur Yakthumba	diplomat
occupation	Hugh Lawson White (October 30, 1773 -- April 10, 1840) was a prominent American politician during the first third of the 19th century.	Hugh Lawson White	politician
occupation	Luis Alcoriza de la Vega (September 5, 1918 -- December 3, 1992) was a respected Mexican screenwriter, film director, and actor.	Luis Alcoriza	screenwriter	film director	actor
occupation	Listin Stephen is an Indian film producer known for his Malayalam and Tamil films.	Listin Stephen	film producer
occupation	Kotapola Amarakitti Thero (born February 2, 1949) is a Sri Lankan Buddhist monk and politician.	Kotapola Amarakitti Thero	politician
occupation	Gerome Kamrowski (January 29, 1914 -- March 27, 2004) was an American artist and participant in the Surrealist Movement in the United States.	Gerome Kamrowski	artist
occupation	DeVeren Bookwalter (September 8, 1939 -- July 23, 1987) was a theatre actor and director who became the first person to win three Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Awards for his production, direction and performance in Cyrano de Bergerac at the Globe Playhouse in 1975.	DeVeren Bookwalter	actor
occupation	Peggy Crowe (January 15, 1956 -- February 9, 2012) was an American speed skater.	Peggy Crowe	speed skater
occupation	Mary Williams (June 27, 1869 -- February 11, 1961), who wrote pseudonymously as Kate Carew, was a caricaturist self-styled as ``The Only Woman Caricaturist''.	Kate Carew	caricaturist
occupation	Sean Ringgold (born November 3, 1977) is an American actor and former bodyguard from Rockaway Beach, Queens, New York.	Sean Ringgold	actor
occupation	An Zhengwen (Chinese: 安正文; pinyin: Ān Zhèngwén; Wade--Giles: An Cheng-wen); (Date of birth and death unknown) was an imperial Chinese painter during the Ming Dynasty (1368--1644).	An Zhengwen	painter
occupation	Jeriah Swetland (1817-?) was an American businessman and local politician in nineteenth-century central Ohio.	Jeriah Swetland	politician
occupation	Thomas Howard DuVal (November 4, 1813 -- October 10, 1880) was a United States federal judge in the 19th century.	Thomas Howard DuVal	judge
occupation	Claude Gagnon is a Canadian born director, actor, and producer.	Claude Gagnon	actor
occupation	Karo Ghafadaryan (Armenian: Կարո Ղաֆադարյան; April 20, 1907 -- December 21, 1976) was a Soviet Armenian archaeologist, historian, epigraphist, philologist.	Karo Ghafadaryan	historian
occupation	Jenny Choi is an American singer and cellist, who founded the Asians in Rock tour, and is the lead singer of the two-piece Chicago band, Sanawon.	Jenny Choi	singer	cellist
occupation	Alcman (/ˈælkmən/; Greek: Ἀλκμάν Alkmán; fl. 7th century BC) was an Ancient Greek choral lyric poet from Sparta.	Alcman	poet
occupation	John Coda is an American composer with a focus on film music and television scoring.	John Coda	composer
occupation	Eugenia Tanaka (born March 9, 1987 in Kisaran, North Sumatra, Indonesia) is an Indonesian-born Australian badminton player.	Eugenia Tanaka	badminton player
occupation	Shigeru Izumiya (泉谷 しげる Izumiya Shigeru, born May 11, 1948 in Aomori, raised in Meguro, Tokyo) is a Japanese poet, folk singer, actor, tarento.	Shigeru Izumiya	actor
occupation	Carl Heymann (also Karl; 1853 in Filehne, (or Oct. 4, 1854 in Amsterdam) -- 1922 in Bingen), was a virtuoso German pianist, composer and piano teacher.	Carl Heymann	pianist
occupation	Nina Ivančić, daughter of Ljubo Ivančić, the famous Croatian painter and member of the artist group, ``Group of 5'', studied at the University of Zagreb Academy of Fine Arts under Professor Šime Perić.	Nina Ivančić	painter
occupation	Charles Edward Coffin (July 18, 1841 -- May 24, 1912) was an American industrialist and politician who lived his adult life in Maryland.	Charles Edward Coffin	politician
occupation	Sebastian Droste (1892-1927) was a poet, actor and dancer connected with the gay and underworld subcultures of Berlin in the 1920s.	Sebastian Droste	poet	actor
occupation	Heath Calhoun (born June 29, 1979) is an American alpine skier and veteran of the United States Army.	Heath Calhoun	alpine skier
occupation	His death was unknown to the outside world until nearly two months later, on 19 June 1998, when an obituary entitled ``A Hushed Death for Mystic Author Carlos Castaneda'' by staff writer J. R. Moehringer appeared in the Los Angeles Times.	Carlos Castaneda	writer
occupation	Robert D. McTeer is an American economist, and has been a fellow at the US National Center for Policy Analysis since January 2007.	Robert D. McTeer	economist
occupation	David Liittschwager is an American freelance photographer and author of three books.	David Liittschwager	photographer
occupation	Ralph Adams Cram (December 16, 1863 -- September 22, 1942) was a prolific and influential American architect of collegiate and ecclesiastical buildings, often in the Gothic Revival style.	Ralph Adams Cram	architect
occupation	Tatyana Shelekhova (Russian: Татьяна Шелехова, Ukrainian: Тетяна Шелехова; born 4 April 1946) is a retired Ukrainian speed skater.	Tatyana Shelekhova	speed skater
occupation	Ron Kneebone is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Norwood in the SANFL.	Ron Kneebone	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Peter Lovšin, known also as Pero Lovšin (born June 27, 1955), is a Slovenian musician, songwriter and singer, best known as a frontman of the first Yugoslav punk rock group Pankrti.	Peter Lovšin	musician	songwriter	singer
occupation	Chou Chun-hsun (Taiwanese POJ: Chiu Chùn-hun; born February 23, 1980) is a Go player.	Chou Chun-hsun	Go player
occupation	Eric Bach is an American computer scientist who has made contributions to computational number theory.	Eric Bach	computer scientist
occupation	Alison Garrigan aka Alison Hernan (born September 1958) is an American actress, singer, and costume designer, the daughter of actors Jonathan and Jo Farwell.	Alison Garrigan	costume designer
occupation	Aldemaro Romero (March 12, 1928 -- September 15, 2007) was a Venezuelan pianist, composer, arranger and orchestral conductor.	Aldemaro Romero	composer	conductor
occupation	Matt Mahaffey (born June 9, 1973) is an American multi-instrumentalist, record producer, and recording engineer best known for his band Self.	Matt Mahaffey	record producer
occupation	Christopher Cousins (born September 27, 1960) is an American actor who has been acting mainly in television since 1986.	Christopher Cousins	actor
occupation	Phil Demmel (born April 2, 1967) is the lead guitarist for American heavy metal band Machine Head, and is currently their longest running member in that position.	Phil Demmel	guitarist
occupation	Robert Eures (dates of birth and death unknown) was a noted English cricketer of the mid-18th century.	Robert Eures	cricketer
occupation	Michael Gerard Hagerty (born May 10, 1954), also known by his stage name Mike Hagerty, is an American actor.	Mike Hagerty	actor
occupation	Grahame Dangerfield is a British naturalist, author and broadcaster.	Grahame Dangerfield	naturalist
occupation	Susan Fry is an American author and editor.	Susan Fry	editor
occupation	Gary Reed, also known as Mastamind, is an American rapper from Detroit.	Mastamind	rapper
occupation	Michael Abu Sakara Foster is a Ghanaian agronomist and politician.	Michael Abu Sakara Foster	politician
occupation	Laine Randjärv (before 2011 Laine Jänes; born July 30, 1964) is an Estonian politician from the Reform Party.	Laine Randjärv	politician
occupation	Wally Lamb (born October 17, 1950) is an American author known as the writer of the novels She's Come Undone and I Know This Much Is True, both of which were selected for Oprah's Book Club.	Wally Lamb	writer
occupation	Mary Dillon (born 1964), is an Irish folk singer, known for her work with the traditional band Déanta.	Mary Dillon	singer
occupation	Marina Evelyn Vello Ribatski (born 1984), also known as Marina Gasolina, Marina Ribatski and MC Marina Vello, is a Brazilian singer and the former MC/Singer/Songwriter for Brazilian Funk Carioca band Bonde Do Rolê.	Marina Ribatski	singer
occupation	Blacatz, known in French genealogy as Blacas de Blacas III (1165--1237), was the feudal lord of Aups and a troubadour.	Blacatz	troubadour
occupation	Benjamin Smith Barton (February 10, 1766 -- December 19, 1815) was an American botanist, naturalist, and physician.	Benjamin Smith Barton	botanist	physician
occupation	Asger Hamerik (Hammerich) (April 8, 1843 -- July 13, 1923), was a Danish composer of classical music.	Asger Hamerik	composer
occupation	Peter E. Madden (born March 16, 1942 in Boston) is an American businessman and politician who served as President of State Street Bank and represented the 14th Norfolk District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for one term (1993 to 1995).	Peter E. Madden	politician
occupation	Dorothea Trowbridge (first name also spelled Dorthea, Doretha) was an American blues singer active in St. Louis in the 1930s.	Dorothea Trowbridge	singer
occupation	Nikola Musulin (ca. 1830--fl. 1897) was a Serbian teacher, activist, and poet.	Nikola Musulin	poet
occupation	Bill Manbo (1908-1992) was an amateur photographer who documented the incarceration of people of Japanese ancestry during World War II in Kodachrome photographs.	Bill Manbo	photographer
occupation	Maurice Samuel (February 8, 1895 -- May 4, 1972) was a Romanian-born British and American antigentilist novelist, translator and lecturer.	Maurice Samuel	novelist	translator
occupation	Simone Ghini, also known as Simone Ghini I and as Simone I di Giovanni di Simone Ghini, was an Italian (Florentine) renaissance sculptor who was born in 1406 or 1407.	Simone Ghini	sculptor
occupation	Juan Luis Martínez (1942--1993) was a Chilean avant-garde poet, writer, and visual artist.	Juan Luis Martínez	poet
occupation	Olivier Rippoll (born February 27, 1983), better known as Olivier Ripley, is a French film actor, director and producer.	Olivier Ripley	actor
occupation	Ariel Nan (born Ariel Hernán Morel in Monte Grande, Buenos Aires Province, December 9, 1979) is an Argentine musician, singer, songwriter and actor.	Ariel Nan	singer
occupation	Emily Barr is a British travel writer and novelist, author of novels such as Cuban Heels, Baggage, The Life You Want and, most recently The Perfect Lie.	Emily Barr	novelist
occupation	Van Darkholme (born October 24, 1972) is an American performance artist, director, as well as a photographer.	Van Darkholme	photographer
occupation	Anton Datsko (Ukrainian: Антон Дацко) is a Ukrainian wheelchair fencer who won gold medal at IWAS Wheelchair Fencing Grand Prix in Eger, Hungary and won a silver medal at the Paralympic Games in London in 2012.	Anton Datsko	fencer
occupation	Béla Kádár (1877--1956) was a Hungarian painter influenced by Der Blaue Reiter, Cubism, Futurism, Neo-Primitivism, Constructivism, and Metaphysical painting.	Béla Kádár	painter
occupation	Jonah Parzen-Johnson is a baritone saxophonist based in Brooklyn, New York.	Jonah Parzen-Johnson	saxophonist
occupation	Samuel Kwong (born January 1, 1998 in Pleasanton, California) is an American sabre fencer.	Samuel Kwong	fencer
occupation	Ninon Colneric (born 1948) is a German former judge at the European Court of Justice.	Ninon Colneric	judge
occupation	Inger Davidson, born Inger Windblad (2 December 1944), is a Swedish retired Christian Democrat politician.	Inger Davidson	politician
occupation	Gerald B. Lefcourt is a criminal defense lawyer with a reputation for taking on unpopular and high-profile clients, including such clients as the Black Panthers, Abbie Hoffman, Harry Helmsley, a co-defendant of Michael Milken, former New York State Assembly Speaker, Mel Miller, Russell Crowe, and Tracy Morgan.	Gerald B. Lefcourt	lawyer
occupation	George Kedrenos or Cedrenus (Greek: Γεώργιος Κεδρηνός, fl. 11th century) was a Byzantine historian.	George Kedrenos	historian
occupation	Theodore Oesten (also Theodor in German) (December 31, 1813 -- March 16, 1870) was a German composer, musician, and music teacher.	Theodore Oesten	composer
occupation	Carlos Alberto Tramontina and commonly known simply as Carlos Tramontina (born March 11, 1956 in Adamantina) is a Brazilian journalist.	Carlos Tramontina	journalist
occupation	Loring McMillen (March 10, 1906 -- March 19, 1991) was Staten Island's official historian who preserved the works of Alice Austen and worked to restore Historic Richmond Town.	Loring McMillen	historian
occupation	Baron Auguste de Méritens was a French electrical engineer of the 19th century.	Auguste de Méritens	engineer
occupation	Albert Windisch (May 17, 1878 -- April 1, 1967) was a German painter, Academy Professor and typographer.	Albert Windisch	painter
occupation	Scott Poulson-Bryant is an award-winning American journalist and author.	Scott Poulson-Bryant	journalist
occupation	Muhin (Bengali: মুহিন) is a Bangladeshi singer.	Muhin	singer
occupation	Dwayne Shattuck (born June 1, 1959 in Atlanta, Georgia, USA) is a television producer.	Dwayne Shattuck	television producer
occupation	Chloe Piene is a fine artist known for skeletal and morbid imagery.	Chloe Piene	artist
occupation	Otto Wonderly (c.1878 - April 2, 1905) was a Canadian Thoroughbred horse racing jockey from Ontario who competed in his native Canada and in the United States where he was killed in a racing accident.	Otto Wonderly	jockey
occupation	Prakash Jiwa (born 2 May 1970) is a British Indian darts player.	Prakash Jiwa	darts player
occupation	Fritz Ohlwärter is a West German bobsledder who competed during the mid to late 1970s.	Fritz Ohlwärter	bobsledder
occupation	Rachel Lee Goldenberg is an American film director, who has directed films made by The Asylum.	Rachel Lee Goldenberg	film director
occupation	Erick Sermon (born November 25, 1968) is an American rapper, musician, and record producer.	Erick Sermon	rapper	record producer
occupation	Francine Prose (born April 1, 1947) is an American writer of novels, non-fiction books, and short story collections.	Francine Prose	writer
occupation	Barry Hutchison is a children's author, screenwriter and director, born and raised in the Highlands of Scotland.	Barry Hutchison	screenwriter
occupation	Benji Gregory (born Benjamin Gregory Hertzberg; May 26, 1978) is a former American actor.	Benji Gregory	actor
occupation	Professor Christian Joppke is a German political sociologist, Professor and chair in General Sociology at the University of Bern, Switzerland.	Christian Joppke	sociologist
occupation	Magnus Caris (born November 15, 1968) is a Swedish darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Magnus Caris	darts player
occupation	Dwight William Tryon (August 13, 1849 -- July 1, 1925) was an American landscape painter in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Dwight William Tryon	painter
occupation	Jofroi of Waterford (fl. 1300) was a French translator.	Jofroi of Waterford	translator
occupation	Robert Fitzgerald Diggs (born July 5, 1969), better known by his stage name RZA (/ˈrɪzə/ RIZ-ə), is an American music producer, multi-instrumentalist, author, rapper, actor, composer, and filmmaker.	RZA	rapper	actor
occupation	James Breckinridge (March 7, 1763 -- May 13, 1833) was a Virginia lawyer and politician and a member of the Breckinridge family.	James Breckinridge	lawyer	politician
occupation	Blaire Reinhard is a singer, pianist, and songwriter from Morristown, New Jersey.	Blaire Reinhard	singer
occupation	Dagmar Oja (July 8, 1981) is an Estonian singer.	Dagmar Oja	singer
occupation	D Stevens (born Compton, California) is an American broadcast journalist, photojournalist, photographer and filmmaker.	D Stevens	photojournalist	photographer
occupation	Samuel James Ervin III (March 2, 1926 -- September 18, 1999) was a United States federal judge and the son of U.S. Senator Sam Ervin.	Samuel James Ervin III	judge
occupation	Siniša Varga (born August 24, 1965) is a Croatian dentist and politician who served as Minister of Health in the centre-left Cabinet of Zoran Milanović from 2014 until 2016.	Siniša Varga	dentist	politician
occupation	Craig G. Rogers (born May 26, 1971), is an American urologist and the director of renal surgery at the Vattikuti Urology Institute at the Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit, Michigan.	Craig G. Rogers	urologist
occupation	Edward Pramuk (born 1936) is an abstract expressionist painter.	Edward Pramuk	painter
occupation	Bret Easton Ellis (born March 7, 1964) is an American novelist, screenwriter, and short story writer.	Bret Easton Ellis	novelist	screenwriter	writer
occupation	Sue Monk Kidd (born August 12, 1948) is a writer from the Southern United States, best known for her novel, The Secret Life of Bees.	Sue Monk Kidd	writer
occupation	George Hirose is a New York City based Japanese-American photographer.	George Hirose	photographer
occupation	Gustav Meyrink (January 19, 1868 -- December 4, 1932) was the pseudonym of Gustav Meyer, an Austrian author, novelist, dramatist, translator, and banker, most famous for his novel The Golem.	Gustav Meyrink	novelist	translator
occupation	Ramse Mostoller is a costume designer known for her works on Dark Shadows and Ryan's Hope, Sesame Street, The Electric Company, and Another World.	Ramse Mostoller	costume designer
occupation	Augusto Monterroso Bonilla (December 21, 1921 - February 7, 2003) was a Honduran writer who adopted Guatemalan nationality, known for the ironical and humorous style of his short stories.	Augusto Monterroso	writer
occupation	William E. Hurley was an American politician who served as Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts from 1937--1943.	William E. Hurley	politician
occupation	Censorius Datianus (fl. 337-365) was a politician of the Roman Empire, very influential under the rule of Emperor Constantius II (337-361).	Censorius Datianus	politician
occupation	Goodiepal or Gæoudjiparl van den Dobbelsteen, whose real name is Parl Kristian Bjørn Vester, is a controversial Danish/Faroese musician/composer.	Goodiepal	composer
occupation	Joan Semmel (born October 19, 1932, New York City) is an American feminist painter, professor, and writer.	Joan Semmel	painter
occupation	Rob Tregenza (born November 14, 1950) is a North American cinematographer, film director, and producer.	Rob Tregenza	cinematographer	film director
occupation	Marco Ricchiedeo was an Italian painter born at Brescia, and active in the 16th century.	Marco Ricchiedeo	painter
occupation	Catherine Pancake is an American filmmaker and musician based in Chicago, Illinois.	Catherine Pancake	musician
occupation	Jan Russ is an Australian casting director and actor best known for her work on the soap opera Neighbours from the show's beginning in 1985 to her departure in 2009.	Jan Russ	casting director
occupation	Scott F. Large (born February 22, 1955) is an American intelligence officer and analyst who served as the fifteenth Director of the National Reconnaissance Office from 2007 to 2009.	Scott F. Large	intelligence officer
occupation	Roger Bootle is a British economist and a weekly columnist for the Daily Telegraph.	Roger Bootle	economist
occupation	Following her parents' second divorce, her mother married the actor Walter Matthau and Lucy Saroyan later worked alongside her stepfather in a number of his films.	Lucy Saroyan	actor
occupation	Joel Jalmari Ruokokoski, known as Jali (1886-1936) was a Finnish Expressionist painter.	Jalmari Ruokokoski	painter
occupation	Brian Camelio is an American musician, composer, public speaker, educator, inventor, entrepreneur and founder of ArtistShare.	Brian Camelio	composer
occupation	Gabriel Hauge (HOW-ghee; March 7, 1914 - July 24, 1981) was a prominent American bank executive and economist.	Gabriel Hauge	economist
occupation	Major Matthew Leander King (May 20, 1878 -- October 23, 1919) was an American engineer.	Matthew Leander King	engineer
occupation	Sebastián de Ocampo was a Spanish navigator and explorer.	Sebastián de Ocampo	explorer
occupation	Linda Wertheimer (/ˈwɜrθhaɪmər/; born March 19, 1943) is an American radio journalist for NPR.	Linda Wertheimer	journalist
occupation	Jonathan Hall Kovacs (also known as Johnny Kovacs or Jon K, born October 20, 1969 in Alameda County, California) is an American former child actor who is deaf.	Jonathan Hall Kovacs	actor
occupation	Nancy A. Collins (born September 10, 1959) is a United States horror fiction writer best known for her series of vampire novels featuring her character Sonja Blue.	Nancy A. Collins	writer
occupation	Viviana Sofronitsky (Russian: Вивиана Владимировна Софроницкая) is a Russian-born Canadian classical pianist.	Viviana Sofronitsky	pianist
occupation	Narmada Chandra Roy is a Revolutionary Socialist Party politician and a six-time MLA from Kushmandi in Dakshin Dinajpur district.	Narmada Chandra Roy	politician
occupation	Forrest McClendon (born in Norwalk, Connecticut) is an American stage actor, singer and professor.	Forrest McClendon	actor
occupation	Candace Whittemore Lovely (born March 15, 1953) is an American impressionist painter known for her non-confrontational views of contemporary American life, including landscapes of treasured locales and people at play in idyllic locations.	Candace Whittemore Lovely	painter
occupation	Tyruss Himes, better known by his stage name Big Syke is an American rapper.	Big Syke	rapper
occupation	William Shunn (born August 14, 1967) is a science fiction writer and computer programmer.	William Shunn	programmer
occupation	Auðunn illskælda (Old Norse ``the bad skald'') was a Norwegian 9th century skald.	Auðunn illskælda	skald
occupation	Chiu Ching-chun (Chinese: 邱鏡淳; pinyin: Qiū Jìngchún) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chiu Ching-chun	politician
occupation	T. Indragandhi (ta: டி.இந்திராகாந்தி) is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Thuraiyur constituency.	T. Indragandhi	politician
occupation	Peter Mieg (September 5, 1906 -- December 7, 1990) was a Swiss composer, painter and journalist.	Peter Mieg	composer	painter	journalist
occupation	Peggy Lee (born Norma Deloris Egstrom; May 26, 1920 -- January 21, 2002) was an American jazz and popular music singer, songwriter, composer and actress, in a career spanning six decades.	Peggy Lee	singer	songwriter
occupation	Yuri Semenovich Lazurkin was a Russian physicist and a founder of a new discipline DNA physics.	Yuri Semenovich Lazurkin	physicist
occupation	Guzmán Quintero Torres was a Colombian journalist and reporter from the city of Valledupar.	Guzmán Quintero Torres	journalist
occupation	After that, at the still young age of 18, Hugh Elliot took a commission in the Russian army as an officer, and fought in the campaign against the Turks in the Balkans.	Hugh Elliot	officer
occupation	Brian Ehlers (born January 26, 1978) is an American former professional basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at Lafayette College from 1996--97 to 1999--2000.	Brian Ehlers	basketball player
occupation	Jon the Dentist (born John Vaughan) is a British hardhouse and trance music record producer.	Jon the Dentist	record producer
occupation	Harry Stewart New (December 31, 1858 -- May 9, 1937) was a U.S. politician, journalist, and Spanish--	Harry Stewart New	politician	journalist
occupation	Stephen Jenks (March 17, 1772 -- June 3, 1856) was an American composer, teacher, and tunebook compiler.	Stephen Jenks	composer
occupation	Jean Pucelle (c. 1300 -- 1355), active c. 1320-1350, was a Parisian Gothic-era manuscript illuminator, excelling in the invention of drolleries, traditional iconography, and was considered one of the best miniaturists of the early 14th century.	Jean Pucelle	illuminator
occupation	Claudia Mason is an American model and actress who has been featured on the covers of all the leading fashion magazines including Vogue (magazine), Elle (magazine), W (magazine) and Cosmopolitan (magazine).	Claudia Mason	model
occupation	Hari Nayak is an Indian chef, restaurateur, author, and a renowned Indian food and culinary consultant.	Hari Nayak	chef
occupation	Slymenstra Hymen was Gwar's dancer and occasional singer portrayed by Danielle Stampe (born November 27, 1967).	Slymenstra Hymen	singer
occupation	Gene Ween (born March 17, 1970) is the stage name of Aaron Freeman, an American musician and a founding member of the experimental alternative rock group Ween.	Gene Ween	musician
occupation	John B. Nelson is an American Republican politician, former city councilman of Phoenix, Arizona former member of the Arizona House of Representatives and a current member of the Arizona Senate.	John B. Nelson	politician
occupation	Mervyn Brian Muggleton (born 4 September 1941), known as Brian Muggleton to differentiate him from his father, is a former Australian cricketer and baseball player.	Brian Muggleton	cricketer	baseball player
occupation	Mollie Katzen (born October 13, 1950 in Rochester, New York, U.S.) is an American chef, cookbook author and artist.	Mollie Katzen	chef
occupation	Jonas Alber (born March 11, 1969) is a German conductor and violinist based in Berlin.	Jonas Alber	conductor
occupation	Colleen Browning (May 16, 1918 -- August 22, 2003, New York, NY) was an Anglo-American realist and magical realist painter.	Colleen Browning	painter
occupation	Hussain Haroon is the elder brother of Hameed Haroon and grandson of Sir Abdullah Haroon, a famous politician, who Muhammad Ali Jinnah called one of the strongest pillars of the Muslim League.	Hussain Haroon	politician
occupation	Chad Senior (born December 27, 1974) is an American Olympic modern pentathlete.	Chad Senior	modern pentathlete
occupation	The Master of Ambrass was a Bohemian painter active probably in Prague at the end of the fourteenth century.	Master of Ambrass	painter
occupation	Jonathan Tiersten (born August 11, 1965) is an American actor and singer, who is mostly known for his role as Ricky in the 1983 cult classic Sleepaway Camp.	Jonathan Tiersten	actor
occupation	Ellen Douglas was the pen name of Josephine Ayres Haxton (July 12, 1921 -- November 7, 2012), an American author.	Ellen Douglas	author
occupation	Richard Menta is an American journalist, and the publisher of MP3 Newswire.	Richard Menta	journalist
occupation	Ruben Enaje is a Filipino carpenter, sign painter, and former construction worker.	Ruben Enaje	carpenter
occupation	Rajneesh Duggal is an Indian film actor and a former model.	Rajneesh Duggal	actor	model
occupation	Paul Okoumba d'Okwatsegue (born December 30, 1933) was a Gabonese political figure and diplomat.	Paul Okoumba d'Okwatsegue	diplomat
occupation	Leland Stowe (November 10, 1899 - January 16, 1994) was a Pulitzer Prize winning American journalist noted for being one of the first to recognize the expansionist character of the German Nazi regime.	Leland Stowe	journalist
occupation	Jessica Diamond (born June 6, 1957 in New York, New York) is an American conceptual artist who is known for her wall drawings and installations.	Jessica Diamond	artist
occupation	Gonzalo Jiménez Corral (born June 30, 1902, date of death unknown) was a Spanish water polo player.	Gonzalo Jiménez	water polo player
occupation	Luz Elena Ruiz Bejarano (born November 30, 1936), more commonly known by her stage name Lucha Villa, is a Mexican singer and actress.	Lucha Villa	singer
occupation	Michelle Shields (born September 5) is an American actress, model and singer.	Michelle Shields	model
occupation	Shane Jett (born December 5, 1974) is a United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma and was a member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 2004 to 2010.	Shane Jett	politician
occupation	Sorapong Chatree (Thai: สรพงษ์ ชาตรี, born December 8, 1950 in Ayutthaya Province) is a Thai film actor.	Sorapong Chatree	actor
occupation	Gillian Gregory is an English dancer and choreographer for stage and film.	Gillian Gregory	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Clare Burt is an English actress and singer, best known for her stage work and for her appearance on the television series The Bill.	Clare Burt	singer
occupation	Thomas Livingston (alternatively, Thomas de Levinstone or Thomas Livingstone) was a fifteenth-century Scottish cleric, diplomat, and delegate at the Council of Basel and advisor to Kings James I and James II of Scotland.	Thomas Livingston	diplomat
occupation	Philippe Théaudière (sometimes credited as Phillipe Theodiere) is a French cinematographer most famous for his work on European exploitation films during the 1970s, working on such seminal ``Euro sleaze'' films as Seven Women for Satan (1976).	Philippe Théaudière	cinematographer
occupation	The ancient Roman writer Ennius first translated Euhemerus' work into Latin, but this translation is also lost.	Euhemerus	writer
occupation	Nicolae Vermont (October 10, 1866 -- June 14, 1932) was a Romanian realist painter, graphic artist and muralist.	Nicolae Vermont	painter
occupation	Sarina Singh is an Australian writer and travel author.	Sarina Singh	author
occupation	Marie Calfopoulos is a photographer, video editor and filmmaker from France.	Marie Calfopoulos	photographer
occupation	Hezekiah Griggs, III (born October 27, 1988) is an American entrepreneur, philanthropist, and investor.	Hezekiah Griggs	entrepreneur
occupation	Don Libes is a computer scientist at NIST performing computer science research on interoperability.	Don Libes	computer scientist
occupation	Dave Pressler is an American illustrator, animator, sculptor, character designer and painter based in Los Angeles.	Dave Pressler	animator
occupation	David Marando is an Australian rugby league player who represented the USA in the 2013 World Cup.	David Marando	rugby league player
occupation	Sammy Labella (June 6, 1929 -- September 22, 2014), better known by his stage name Skip E. Lowe, was an American talk show host and actor.	Skip E. Lowe	actor
occupation	Susanna Keir, née Harvey (1747-1802) was a British novelist.	Susanna Keir	novelist
occupation	Eduard Folayang (born November 22, 1984) is a Filipino mixed martial artist and wushu practitioner.	Eduard Folayang	mixed martial artist
occupation	Giacomo Alboresi (1632--1677) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Giacomo Alboresi	painter
occupation	Marcus Goldman (/ˈɡoʊldmən/; December 9, 1821 -- July 20, 1904) was a German banker, businessman, and financier.	Marcus Goldman	financier
occupation	Robert Jezek is a Canadian stage, film and television actor based in the United Kingdom.	Robert Jezek	actor
occupation	Mia Abagale Tallarico (born December 22, 1978), better known as Mia Tyler, is an American actress, model, public speaker and advocate.	Mia Tyler	model
occupation	Kate Crawford is a writer, composer, producer and academic.	Kate Crawford	composer
occupation	Rodrigo Prats (February 7, 1909 -- September 15, 1980) was a Cuban composer, arranger, violinist, pianist and orchestral director.	Rodrigo Prats	composer
occupation	E. J. Hopple (February 5, 1881 -- October 11, 1941) was a Democratic politician in the U.S. state of Ohio who was in the Ohio Senate and Speaker of the Ohio House of Representatives 1917-1918.	E. J. Hopple	politician
occupation	Tim Cope (1978) is an Australian adventurer, author, filmmaker, trekking guide, and public speaker who grew up in Gippsland, Victoria.	Tim Cope	author
occupation	Ayoub Al-Mas (Arabic: أيوب الماس‎; born December 15, 1978) is an Emirati former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Ayoub Al-Mas	swimmer
occupation	Harry W. Gerstad, born Harry Donald Gerstad (June 11, 1909 -- July 17, 2002) was an American film editor who sometimes directed films.	Harry W. Gerstad	film editor
occupation	Arturo Díaz Mendoza (born March 23, 1952) is a Mexican professional wrestler best known for performing under the stage name Villano III (in Spanish Villano Tercero).	Villano III	professional wrestler
occupation	Babu Khan Tahir is a former Pakistani cricketer and umpire.	Babu Khan Tahir	cricketer
occupation	Chase Johnson (born July 17, 1988) is an American musician and television personality.	Chase Johnson	musician
occupation	Léon Frédéric (August 26, 1856 -- January 27, 1940) was a Belgian Symbolism painter.	Léon Frédéric	painter
occupation	Kole Nedelkovski (Bulgarian and Macedonian: Коле Неделковски) was a Macedonian revolutionary and poet, and member of the Bulgarian Communist Party.	Kole Nedelkovski	poet
occupation	Jakub Kubicki (1758--1833) was a renowned Polish classicist architect and designer.	Jakub Kubicki	architect
occupation	Christoph Meinel is author or co-author of 15 text books.	Christoph Meinel	author
occupation	Lennie Moore (born December 12, 1961) is an American composer, conductor, orchestrator of music for video games, film, TV, and Multi-media.	Lennie Moore	composer
occupation	Krastyo Hadzhiivanov (December 25, 1929 -- June 27, 1952) was a Bulgarian poet and resistance fighter.	Krastyo Hadzhiivanov	poet
occupation	Robert Venditti is an American comic book writer, known for his work on the Top Shelf Productions title The Surrogates, which was adapted to a major motion picture starring Bruce Willis directed by Jonathan Mostow for Disney.	Robert Venditti	writer
occupation	Richard R. Silva was an American politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and mayor of Gloucester, Massachusetts.	Richard R. Silva	politician
occupation	Rita Bouboulidi (Greek: Ρίτα Μπουμπουλίδη) is a Greek pianist.	Rita Bouboulidi	pianist
occupation	Ivan H. Parke (November 1, 1908 - January 20, 1995) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred horse racing jockey and trainer who won more races than any other jockey in the United States in 1923, as an apprentice, and again in1924 when he also was the United States Champion Jockey by earnings.	Ivan H. Parke	jockey
occupation	Erigyius (in Greek Eριγυιoς; died 328 BC), a Mytilenaean, son of Larichus, was an officer in Alexander the Great's army.	Erigyius	officer
occupation	Samuel Putnam (October 10, 1892 -- January 15, 1950) was an American translator and scholar of Romance languages.	Samuel Putnam	translator
occupation	Brenden Thenhaus (born August 5, 1986) is a Canadian lacrosse player for the Toronto Rock in the National Lacrosse League.	Brenden Thenhaus	lacrosse player
occupation	Besides being a statesman, Johan de Witt also was an accomplished mathematician.	Johan de Witt	mathematician
occupation	Jevon Tarantino (born January 30, 1984) is an American springboard diver.	Jevon Tarantino	diver
occupation	Otto Liebe was a lawyer and the son of a conservative politician.	Otto Liebe	politician
occupation	Theodor Rocholl (1854--1933), German military painter and war artist.	Theodor Rocholl	painter
occupation	Duane Davis, the son of NFL Hall of Fame defensive end Willie Davis, is an American actor who has been in such films as Ghosts of Mars and Paparazzi.	Duane Davis	actor
occupation	Peter Frohmader (born May 9, 1958) is a German electronic composer, musician and visual artist.	Peter Frohmader	composer
occupation	Jay Hails, (born October 16, 1967), is a Canadian singer, songwriter and performer.	Jay Hails	singer
occupation	Božidar Jakac (July 16, 1899 -- November 12, 1989) was a Slovene Expressionist, Realist and Symbolist painter, graphic artist, art teacher, photographer and filmmaker.	Božidar Jakac	painter	photographer
occupation	Elois Jenssen (November 5, 1922 -- February 14, 2004) was an American film and television costume designer.	Elois Jenssen	costume designer
occupation	Heinrich Vianden, better known as Henry Vianden (July 9, 1814 -- February 5, 1899), was a German American, lithographer and engraver.	Henry Vianden	lithographer
occupation	Sean Holly is an economist currently working at the University of Cambridge (1995--present).	Sean Holly	economist
occupation	Cuthbert Butler OSB (born Edward Butler (1858 -- 1934)) was a Benedictine monk of Downside Abbey in England, who gained notice as a Church historian.	Cuthbert Butler	historian
occupation	Deborah Aschheim is an American new media artist.	Deborah Aschheim	artist
occupation	Kevin Jarre (August 6, 1954 -- April 3, 2011) was an American screenwriter, actor, and film producer.	Kevin Jarre	screenwriter
occupation	Stefan Maechler is a Swiss historian and expert on anti-Semitism and Switzerland's treatment of Holocaust refugees during and after World War II. Maechler studied history and German literature at the University of Zurich.	Stefan Maechler	historian
occupation	Jung Eun-ju (Hangul: 정은주, Hanja: 鄭恩朱, born September 30, 1988) is a South Korean short track speed skater.	Jung Eun-ju	speed skater
occupation	Noetus, a presbyter of the church of Asia Minor about AD 230, was a native of Smyrna, where (or perhaps in Ephesus) he became a prominent representative of the particular type of Christology now called modalistic monarchianism or patripassianism.	Noetus	presbyter
occupation	Frank Craig (April 1, 1868 - January 1, 1943) was an African American boxer who was the colored middleweight champion of the world in the Gay Nineties.	Frank Craig	boxer
occupation	Dio of Alexandria (Greek: Δίων) was an Academic philosopher and a friend of Antiochus of Ascalon who lived in the 1st century BC. He was sent by his fellow-citizens as ambassador to Rome, to complain about the conduct of their king, Ptolemy XII Auletes.	Dio of Alexandria	philosopher
occupation	Erin McKeown (pronounced ``mick-YONE'') is an American multi-instrumentalist and folk-rock singer/songwriter.	Erin McKeown	singer
occupation	Sabrina Tavernise is an American journalist who writes for The New York Times.	Sabrina Tavernise	journalist
occupation	Vartan Vahramian (Armenian: Վարդան Վահրամեան) is an Iranian-Armenian composer, artist and painter.	Vartan Vahramian	painter
occupation	Jay Newland is an American music producer, engineer and mixer.	Jay Newland	engineer
occupation	Mari Jürjens, née Mari Pokinen (born May 27, 1988), is an Estonian actress and singer.	Mari Pokinen	singer
occupation	Ebrahim Asgharzadeh (Persian: ابراهیم اصغرزاده‎‎) is an Iranian political activist and politician.	Ebrahim Asgharzadeh	politician
occupation	Leonidas Warren Payne, Jr. (July 12, 1873 -- June 16, 1945) was an American linguist and professor of English at the University of Texas.	Leonidas Warren Payne, Jr.	linguist
occupation	Theodore Sturgeon (/ˈstɜːrdʒən/; born Edward Hamilton Waldo; February 26, 1918 -- May 8, 1985) was an American science fiction and horror writer and critic.	Theodore Sturgeon	writer
occupation	Marc Ford (born April 13, 1966), is an American blues-rock guitarist.	Marc Ford	guitarist
occupation	Nicholas Gleaves is an English actor and playwright.	Nicholas Gleaves	actor
occupation	Calvert Vaux (/vɔːks/; December 20, 1824 -- November 19, 1895) was a British-American architect and landscape designer.	Calvert Vaux	architect
occupation	Cheryl Lyndsey (born May 7, 1978) is an American singer--songwriter and musician best known as touring member of alternative rock band The Breeders.	Cheryl Lyndsey	singer--songwriter
occupation	Jack Fina (August 13, 1913 -- May 14, 1970) was a bandleader, songwriter, and pianist.	Jack Fina	bandleader	songwriter	pianist
occupation	Howard Cedar or Chaim Cedar (Hebrew: חיים סידר; born January 12, 1943) is an Israeli American biochemist who worked on DNA methylation, the mechanism that turns genes on and off.	Howard Cedar	biochemist
occupation	Francis Jettner was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly multi-member seat of Burra Burra from 1927 to 1930 for the Liberal Federation.	Francis Jettner	politician
occupation	Ken Lockie (born 1956) is an English singer-songwriter and producer, best known as the creative force behind English new wave band Cowboys International and as a sometime collaborator with John Lydon in Public Image Ltd.	Ken Lockie	singer-songwriter
occupation	Antoinette Louisa Brown, later Antoinette Brown Blackwell (May 20, 1825 -- November 5, 1921), was the first woman to be ordained as a mainstream Protestant minister in the United States.	Antoinette Brown Blackwell	minister
occupation	Sohail Quadri was an Edmonton politician who was elected member to the 28th Alberta Legislature representing the electoral district of Edmonton-Mill Woods.	Sohail Quadri	politician
occupation	Harry Raymond Fleming, M.D., (October 24, 1894 - November 5, 1942) was a Saskatchewan physician and politician.	Harry Raymond Fleming	politician
occupation	Alain Fresnot (born June 6, 1951) is a French-born Brazilian film director, editor and producer.	Alain Fresnot	film director
occupation	Sanford Robinson Gifford (July 10, 1823 -- August 29, 1880) was an American landscape painter and one of the leading members of the Hudson River School.	Sanford Robinson Gifford	painter
occupation	Jai Opetaia (born 1995) is a Samoan Australian amateur boxer who won the Light Heavyweight title at the 2011 Junior World Championships then qualified for the 2012 Olympics as a Heavyweight at the age of 16, making him the youngest ever Australian Olympic boxer.	Jai Opetaia	boxer
occupation	Ubaldo Terzano is an Italian cinematographer and camera operator, possibly best known for his numerous collaborations with Mario Bava.	Ubaldo Terzano	cinematographer
occupation	Clifford Peeples (sometimes spelled Clifford Peoples) (born c.1970) is a self-styled pastor in Northern Ireland who has been associated with Ulster loyalist activity.	Clifford Peeples	pastor
occupation	Len Cunning is a retired ice hockey player who played for the Johnstown Jets of the Eastern Hockey League.	Len Cunning	ice hockey player
occupation	Aryadan Shoukath is both an award-winning Indian film producer, and an award-winning local state politician.	Aryadan Shoukath	film producer
occupation	John W. Sadler (born July 30, 1956 in Long Beach, California) is an American horse trainer in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing.	John W. Sadler	horse trainer
occupation	Jonathan Meese (born January 23, 1970) is a German painter, sculptor, performance artist and installation artist based in Berlin and Hamburg.	Jonathan Meese	painter	artist
occupation	Alston Koch is a Sri Lanka born Australian singer-songwriter, film producer, record producer and actor.	Alston Koch	actor
occupation	Roy Leu (Chinese: 呂元榮; pinyin: Lǚ Yuánróng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Roy Leu	politician
occupation	Pierangelo Bertoli (November 5, 1942 - October 7, 2002) was an Italian singer-songwriter and poet.	Pierangelo Bertoli	singer-songwriter
occupation	Jonas Vaitkus (born May 20, 1944 in Lithuania) is a lecturer, theatre and film director.	Jonas Vaitkus	film director
occupation	Nevra Serezli was married to the prominent actor Metin Serezli from 1968 until his death in 2013.	Nevra Serezli	actor
occupation	Meghan Boenig is the head coach of the women's equestrian varsity program at the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens, Georgia, USA.	Meghan Boenig	head coach
occupation	Alice McDermott (born June 27, 1953) is an American writer and university professor.	Alice McDermott	writer
occupation	David Ligare is an American contemporary realist painter.	David Ligare	painter
occupation	Antonio Papasso is an Italian painter and engraver.	Antonio Papasso	painter	engraver
occupation	Jonathan Cohler (born June 19, 1959) is an American clarinetist, conductor and teacher.	Jonathan Cohler	teacher
occupation	Joseph J. DioGuardi (/diːoʊˈɡwɑːrdi/; born September 20, 1940) is a certified public accountant and a Republican politician.	Joseph J. DioGuardi	politician
occupation	Dorothy Kingsley (October 14, 1909 -- September 26, 1997) was an American screenwriter, who worked extensively in film, radio and television.	Dorothy Kingsley	screenwriter
occupation	Homer Elihu Royce (June 14, 1820 - April 24, 1891) was an American lawyer, politician and jurist.	Homer Elihu Royce	lawyer	politician
occupation	Charles Pence Slichter (born January 21, 1924) is an American physicist, best known for his work on nuclear magnetic resonance and superconductivity.	Charles Pence Slichter	physicist
occupation	Orlandito Montiel (born July 26, 1965), better known as Dito Montiel, is an American author, screenwriter, film director and musician.	Dito Montiel	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Janeane Garofalo (/dʒəˈniːn ɡəˈrɒfəloʊ/; born September 28, 1964) is an American film actress, stand-up comedian, liberal political activist, and writer.	Janeane Garofalo	comedian	political activist	writer
occupation	Franklin Pangborn (January 23, 1889 -- July 20, 1958) was an American comedic character actor.	Franklin Pangborn	actor
occupation	Jennifer Nairn-Smith is an Australian-born dancer, actress and choreographer.	Jennifer Nairn-Smith	dancer
occupation	Homen Borgohain (Assamese: হোমেন বৰগোহাঞি) is an Assamese writer and journalist.	Homen Borgohain	journalist
occupation	Willbur Fisk (August 31, 1792 -- February 22, 1839), also known as Wilbur Fisk, was a prominent American Methodist minister, educator and theologian.	Willbur Fisk	theologian
occupation	Konrad Fleck was a thirteenth-century German poet, who wrote in the Alemannic German dialect.	Konrad Fleck	poet
occupation	Bill L. Norton is a film director, writer and producer.	Bill L. Norton	film director
occupation	Marshall McDonald (October 18, 1835 -- September 1, 1895) was an American engineer, geologist, mineralogist, pisciculturist, and fisheries scientist.	Marshall McDonald	engineer
occupation	Dr. Matthew Burtner (born 1970, Naknek, Alaska) is a contemporary American composer.	Matthew Burtner	composer
occupation	Priscilla Misihairabwi-Mushonga is a Zimbabwean politician and former member of the House of Assembly for Glen Norah.	Priscilla Misihairabwi-Mushonga	politician
occupation	Julian Jaynes (February 27, 1920 -- November 21, 1997) was an American psychologist, best known for his book The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind (1976), in which he argued that ancient peoples were not conscious.	Julian Jaynes	psychologist
occupation	Nidra Poller is an American writer and translator who has lived in Paris since 1972.	Nidra Poller	writer
occupation	Gladys Shelley (née Shaskan, December 15, 1911 - December 9, 2003) was an American lyricist and composer.	Gladys Shelley	composer
occupation	Montell Jordan (born December 3, 1968) is an American former singer, songwriter and record producer, best known for his 1995 single ``This Is How We Do It''.	Montell Jordan	singer, songwriter
occupation	Mick Rossi, (born December 9, 1956) is a Grammy-nominated American pianist, drummer, percussionist, conductor and composer known for his diverse, progressive work in the New York Downtown scene.	Mick Rossi	composer
occupation	Konrad Maurer, since 1876 Konrad von Maurer (April 29, 1823 - September 16, 1902) was a German legal historian.	Konrad Maurer	historian
occupation	S. D. Vijay Milton is an Indian cinematographer and director working in Tamil films.	Vijay Milton	cinematographer
occupation	Brian Causey is an American guitarist, composer and singer.	Brian Causey	composer
occupation	Antwun Echols (born December 4, 1971, in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American boxer.	Antwun Echols	boxer
occupation	Kostas Hatzis (Greek: Κώστας Χατζής) (born August 13, 1936) is a Romani singer-songwriter and musician.	Kostas Hatzis	singer
original network	What's Up Downunder is an Australian travel television show that airs on Network Ten and One HD.	What's Up Downunder	Network Ten
original network	DanceX was a reality television show produced in the UK for BBC One in 2007.	DanceX	BBC One
original network	Shepard Smith Reporting is an American news/talk television program on the Fox News Channel that debuted in October 2013, and is hosted by Shepard Smith.	Shepard Smith Reporting	Fox News Channel
original network	I en annan del av Köping is a Swedish documentary television series which began broadcasting in 2007 on TV4.	I en annan del av Köping	TV4
original network	Tru Confessions is a 2002 Disney Channel Original Movie.	Tru Confessions	Disney Channel
original network	Kim Possible is an American animated children's television series created by Bob Schooley and Mark McCorkle for Disney Channel.	Kim Possible	Disney Channel
original network	Boxing from Eastern Parkway is an American sports program broadcast by the DuMont Television Network from May 1952 to May 1954.	Boxing from Eastern Parkway	DuMont Television Network
original network	Colombo Quotes is a Canadian quiz and panel television series which aired on CBC Television in 1978.	Colombo Quotes	CBC Television
original network	The Real Seachange is an Australian reality television series on the Seven Network, narrated by actor John Howard.	The Real Seachange	Seven Network
original network	Erotic Confessions is a Cinemax channel show airing from 1992 to 1996 and as a video series from 1994 to 1997.	Erotic Confessions	Cinemax
original network	My Cat from Hell is an American reality television series that airs on Animal Planet and premiered in May 2011.	My Cat from Hell	Animal Planet
original network	Pangako Sa 'Yo (Lit: Promise to You / English: The Promise) is a primetime soap opera series produced and broadcast by the Philippine television network ABS-CBN.	Pangako Sa 'Yo	ABS-CBN
original network	Help Me Anthea, I'm Infested is a 2007 factual entertainment television show produced by RDF Television for BBC Three, presented by Anthea Turner and Mark Coltman, a professional pest control expert.	Help Me Anthea, I'm Infested	BBC Three
original network	Jamie's 15-Minute Meals is a UK food lifestyle programme which aired on Channel 4 in 2012.	Jamie's 15-Minute Meals	Channel 4
original network	D'ække bare, bare Bernt was a Norwegian sitcom that aired on TV3 from 1996 to 1997, starring Jon Skolmen and Grethe Kausland as the married couple Bernt and Vera Brantenberg.	D'ække bare, bare Bernt	TV3
original network	Game for a Laugh is a British light entertainment programme which ran for 56 editions and four specials between 26 September 1981 and 23 November 1985, made by London Weekend Television for the ITV network.	Game for a Laugh	ITV
original network	Re-Animated is a live-action/animated television film that aired on Cartoon Network on December 8, 2006.	Re-Animated	Cartoon Network
original network	The Bill Engvall Show is a sitcom which ran on TBS from July 17, 2007 to September 5, 2009.	The Bill Engvall Show	TBS
original network	El secreto de Puente Viejo (English: Old Bridge Secret) is a Spanish telenovela produced by Boomerang TV for Antena 3.	El secreto de Puente Viejo	Antena 3
original network	Return to River Cottage is the second series of the Channel 4 programme that follows Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall during his second year of living in the country at River Cottage, Dorset after leaving the city behind.	Return to River Cottage	Channel 4
original network	Color Me a Rainbow was a Christian children's show that first aired in 1987 on the American Christian Television System (ACTS), which was a precursor to today's Hallmark Channel.	Color Me a Rainbow	American Christian Television System
original network	River Monsters is a British and American wildlife documentary television programme produced for Animal Planet by Icon Films of Bristol, United Kingdom.	River Monsters	Animal Planet
original network	Mis amigos de siempre (English: My lifelong friends) is an Argentine telenovela produced by Pol-Ka and aired by El Trece.	Mis amigos de siempre	El Trece
original network	Timeslip is a British children's science fiction television series made by ATV for the ITV network and broadcast between 1970 and 1971.	Timeslip	ITV
original network	R.I.S, police scientifique is a French television series, created by Stéphane Kaminka in 2005, broadcast by TF1 since 2006.	R.I.S, police scientifique	TF1
original network	Burn It was first shown on the free-to-air British digital channel BBC Three, and then repeated some months later on the terrestrial channel BBC2.	Burn It	BBC Three
original network	CFL on CTV was a presentation of Canadian Football League football aired on the CTV Television Network from 1962 to 1986.	CFL on CTV	CTV Television Network
original network	Supernormal is a children's television programme for CITV.	Supernormal	CITV
original network	Tu Mañana was a Puerto Rican breakfast television show that is broadcast on the Univision Puerto Rico television network.	Tu Mañana	Univision
original network	Muddling Through is an American television sitcom that aired on CBS from July 9, 1994 to September 7, 1994.	Muddling Through	CBS
original network	Heartbreak High was a popular Australian television programme that ran for five years, through seven seasons from 1994 to 1999 on both Network Ten and ABC.	Heartbreak High	Network Ten
original network	Dyo Xenoi (in English Two Strangers) was a Greek comedy series that was aired in Mega Channel for two seasons (1997-98 and 1998-99).	Dyo Xenoi	Mega Channel
original network	Show Us Your Wits is a Playboy TV adult game show based out of the Las Vegas Palomino Strip Club and hosted by Daphnee Duplaix.	Show Us Your Wits	Playboy TV
original network	Meu Pedacinho de Chão (English: My Little Piece of Ground) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo.	Meu Pedacinho de Chão	Rede Globo
original network	I Love Betty La Fea (stylized as i ♥ Betty La Fea) is a Philippine drama series that was aired on ABS-CBN, based on the Colombian series Yo soy Betty, la fea from RCN Televisión that began airing on September 8, 2008 and ended on April 24, 2009.	I Love Betty La Fea	ABS-CBN
original network	Saath Saath Banayenge Ek Aashiyaan is a Hindi television serial that aired on Zee TV starting from 10 March 2008 until 6 November 2008, based on the concept of how culture impacts on an individual's life.	Saath Saath Banayenge Ek Aashiyaan	Zee TV
original network	Today with Kris Aquino was a Philippine talk show hosted by actress Kris Aquino which premiered on November 18, 1996 on ABS-CBN.	Today with Kris Aquino	ABS-CBN
original network	Broadchurch is a British television crime drama broadcast on ITV.	Broadchurch	ITV
original network	Terry and Me is a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1956.	Terry and Me	CBC Television
original network	Untamed China with Nigel Marven is British six-part nature documentary series presented by Nigel Marven and made by Image Impact and WonderVision Pictures for television channels Animal Planet and CITVC China in 2011.	Untamed China with Nigel Marven	Animal Planet
original network	Password Plus and Super Password aired on NBC, and were taped on Stage 3 at NBC Studios in Burbank, California.	Password Plus and Super Password	NBC
original network	This Is How I Made It is an American reality-documentary television series on MTV.	This Is How I Made It	MTV
original network	Hellcats is an American cheerleading comedy-drama television series that originally aired on The CW in the United States from September 8, 2010 to May 17, 2011.	Hellcats	The CW
original network	Anna & Katy is a British comedy sketch show, beginning on Channel 4 on 6 March 2013 following a pilot edition as part of the Comedy Lab series in 2011.	Anna & Katy	Channel 4
original network	Undressed is an American anthology series that aired on MTV from July 26, 1999 to September 5, 2002.	Undressed	MTV
original network	ESPN College Basketball on ABC (originally College Basketball on ABC) is the branding formerly used for broadcasts of NCAA Division I college basketball games produced by ESPN, and televised on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC).	ESPN College Basketball on ABC	American Broadcasting Company
original network	Banoo Main Teri Dulhann (English: I will be your bride) is an Indian soap opera that aired on Zee TV channel 14 August 2006 through May 2009.	Banoo Main Teri Dulhann	Zee TV
original network	Clue Club (re-titled Woofer & Wimper, Dog Detectives in 1977--78) is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and broadcast on CBS from August 14, 1976 to September 3, 1977.	Clue Club	CBS
original network	Play Your Cards Right broadcast on ITV from 1980 to 1987, produced by LWT.	Play Your Cards Right	ITV
original network	Touched by an Angel is an American supernatural drama series that premiered on CBS on September 21, 1994, and ran for 211 episodes and nine seasons until its conclusion on April 27, 2003.	Touched by an Angel	CBS
original network	The Kudlow Report was a news television program about business and politics hosted by Lawrence Kudlow, that aired on the CNBC television channel at 7pm ET until March 28, 2014.	The Kudlow Report	CNBC
original network	Prehistoric Park is a six-episode docu-fiction television mini-series that premiered on ITV on 22 July 2006 and on Animal Planet on 29 October 2006.	Prehistoric Park	ITV
original network	Lovespring International is an American comedy series created by Guy Shalem and Brad Isaacs which aired on Lifetime on Mondays at 11pm during the Summer of 2006 in the United States.	Lovespring International	Lifetime
original network	Pardon the Interruption (abbreviated PTI) is a sports television show that airs weekdays on various ESPN TV channels, TSN, ESPN America, XM, and Sirius satellite radio services, and as a downloadable podcast.	Pardon the Interruption	ESPN
original network	Ireland AM is an Irish morning television show on TV3.	Ireland AM	TV3
original network	Terry Pratchett's Going Postal is a two-part television adaptation of Going Postal by Terry Pratchett, adapted by Richard Kurti and Bev Doyle and produced by The Mob, which was first broadcast on Sky1, and in high definition on Sky1 HD, at the end of May 2010.	Terry Pratchett's Going Postal	Sky1
original network	Women of the House is an American sitcom which was broadcast on CBS from January 4, 1995 to August 18, 1995 and the last four episodes were broadcast on the Lifetime network on September 8, 1995.	Women of the House	CBS	Lifetime
original network	Sahara with Michael Palin is a four-part BBC television series presented by British comedian and travel presenter Michael Palin, and first broadcast in 2002.	Sahara with Michael Palin	BBC
original network	Diagnosis X is a television program on the channel TLC and Discovery Health.	Diagnosis X	TLC
original network	Atlantic Summer was a Canadian informational television series which aired on CBC Television from 1978 to 1979.	Atlantic Summer	CBC Television
original network	Great Lake Warriors is an American and Canadian reality television series on History that premiered on July 19, 2012.	Great Lake Warriors	History
original network	18 Stone of Idiot is a British television programme broadcast on Channel 4 in 2005 designed as a vehicle for Johnny Vegas and produced by Chris Evans.	18 Stone of Idiot	Channel 4
original network	The Ray Bradbury Theater is an anthology series that ran for two seasons on HBO, three episodes per season from 1985 to 1986, and four additional seasons on USA Network from 1988 to 1992.	The Ray Bradbury Theater	HBO	USA Network
original network	Monday Night Countdown, which debuted in 1993 on ESPN, is a television program featuring analysis and news on that night's NFL match to be broadcast on ESPN.	Monday Night Countdown	ESPN
original network	Skag is an American drama series that aired on NBC and starred Karl Malden.	Skag	NBC
original network	Hannity's America was a weekly American talk show on the Fox News Channel hosted by Sean Hannity.	Hannity's America	Fox News Channel
original network	Sam's Game was a celebrity poker program on Playboy TV.	Sam's Game	Playboy TV
original network	Project G.e.e.K.e.R. is an animated television series that premiered on CBS on September 14, 1996.	Project G.e.e.K.e.R.	CBS
original network	Guys Next Door is an American television series aired on NBC in the 1990-1991 season as part of its Saturday lineup.	Guys Next Door	NBC
original network	The Lux Video Theatre was a spin-off from the successful Lux Radio Theater series broadcast on the NBC Blue Network (1934-1935) and CBS (1935--55).	Lux Video Theatre	CBS
original network	World's Toughest Fixes is an American reality series that premiered on the National Geographic Channel on September 28, 2008.	World's Toughest Fixes	National Geographic Channel
original network	High Chaparall is a Swedish television program which first aired in 2003 on the Kanal 5 network.	High Chaparall	Kanal 5
original network	The Unpleasant World of Penn & Teller was a British magic show presented by Penn & Teller in 1994 on Channel 4.	The Unpleasant World of Penn & Teller	Channel 4
original network	Adventure Playhouse is the umbrella title of an early American television program broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network.	Adventure Playhouse	DuMont Television Network
original network	Heartburn Hotel was a British sitcom which ran for two seasons, with thirteen episodes, on BBC television in 1998 - 2000, each series was 6 episodes long and one special was aired in December 1998.	Heartburn Hotel	BBC
original network	The Girls Next Door, also known as The Girls of the Playboy Mansion, is a reality television series which originally aired on E! from August 7, 2005 until August 8, 2010.	The Girls Next Door	E
original network	Weekend Today is the unofficial title of the Saturday and Sunday editions of Today, an American morning news and talk program that airs daily on NBC.	Weekend Today	NBC
original network	Yunnan Adventure with Nigel Marven is one-hour British nature documentary made by Image Impact production company for Eden Channel and Yunnan TV, which was first broadcast in February 2012.	Yunnan Adventure with Nigel Marven	Eden
original network	2000 Malibu Road is a prime time American soap opera that aired on CBS in the summer of 1992.	2000 Malibu Road	CBS
original network	Charlie Had One But He Didn't Like It, So He Gave It To Us is a Canadian comedy television series which aired on CBC Television in 1966.	Charlie Had One But He Didn't Like It, So He Gave It To Us	CBC Television
original network	Lo que el cielo no perdona (English title: What heaven will not forgive) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Fernando Chacón for Canal de las Estrellas in 1982.	Lo que el cielo no perdona	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	Camp Runamuck is an American sitcom which aired on NBC during the 1965-1966 television season.	Camp Runamuck	NBC
original network	Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay (Tagalog: So Long Have I Waited For You) is a Filipino soap opera, produced by ABS-CBN and Star Cinema.	Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay	ABS-CBN
original network	The Voice of Greece is a Greek television talent show with its first season premiering on January 10, 2014 on ANT1 (Cyprus and Greece).	The Voice of Greece	ANT1
original network	Alpha Scorpio was a short-lived Australian children's science fiction television series, written and produced by James Davern, and which aired on ABC Television in 1974.	Alpha Scorpio	ABC Television
original network	El Gen Argentino (Spanish for ``The Argentine Gene'') was an Argentine television programme aired on Telefe to determine who the public considered ``the greatest Argentine in history''.	El Gen Argentino	Telefe
original network	Muchacha de barrio (English: Neighborhood Girl) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Ernesto Alonso for Canal de las Estrellas in 1979.	Muchacha de barrio	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	Market Week is business network CNBC's program aired in the past, hosted with Maria Bartiromo.	Market Week	CNBC
original network	TG2 (TeleGiornale 2) is the brand for the news programmes of Rai 2, the Italian state-owned television channel.	TG2	Rai 2
original network	The Bill is a British police procedural television series that was broadcast on the ITV network from 16 October 1984 until 31 August 2010.	The Bill	ITV
original network	The programme ran on ITV from 6 January 1980 to 6 December 2002 before being revived by the same channel in 2006 under the title of All Star Family Fortunes.	Family Fortunes	ITV
original network	Earth Warp is a story produced by the BBC as part of their Look and Read programme.	Earth Warp	BBC
original network	The News with Brian Williams (later known as The News on CNBC) is an American news program which premiered on July 15, 1996, the first MSNBC's day on the air.	The News with Brian Williams	CNBC	MSNBC
original network	Last Tango in Halifax is a British romantic drama series that started airing on BBC One on 20 November 2012.	Last Tango in Halifax	BBC One
original network	Property Wars is an American reality television series that airs on the Discovery Channel and premiered on July 12, 2012.	Property Wars	Discovery Channel
original network	The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch was a talk show on CNBC hosted by Donny Deutsch.	The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch	CNBC
original network	The New Adventures of Robin Hood is a television series that premiered on January 13, 1997 on TNT.	The New Adventures of Robin Hood	TNT
original network	Neem Ka Ped first aired in 1991 on the Indian state television channel DD National, which is owned and operated by Doordarshan network.first broadcast on Doordarshan (Indian public television) in 1991.	Neem Ka Ped	DD National
original network	A Little Curious is a children's television show which was produced in 1998-2000 and aired on HBO Family since 1999.	A Little Curious	HBO
original network	Wizards of Waverly Place is an American fantasy teen sitcom which ran from October 12, 2007 to January 6, 2012 on Disney Channel.	Wizards of Waverly Place	Disney Channel
original network	King of the Crown is an American reality television series that debuted on TLC in 2009.	King of the Crown	TLC
original network	Empty Nest is an American sitcom that originally aired on NBC from 1988 to 1995.	Empty Nest	NBC
original network	Judge John Deed is a British legal drama television series produced by the BBC in association with One-Eyed Dog for BBC One.	Judge John Deed	BBC One
original network	Facing Evil with Candice DeLong is an American documentary television series on Investigation Discovery that debuted on November 25, 2010, as a two-part special, which later turned into a full series.	Facing Evil with Candice DeLong	Investigation Discovery
original network	American Thunder is a weekly television show on the Speed (TV channel) focusing on American V-twin choppers, including the bikes, parts, lifestyle and culture.	American Thunder	Speed
original network	Förkväll (2006--2007, 2009--2011) was a Swedish daily talk show that started airing in 2006 on TV4.	Förkväll	TV4
original network	A Midsummer Theatre was a Canadian dramatic television series which aired on CBC Television in 1958.	A Midsummer Theatre	CBC Television
original network	Animal Precinct is an American documentary reality television series that originally aired from June 26, 2001, to February 4, 2008, on Animal Planet.	Animal Precinct	Animal Planet
original network	Cinematech was a TV show on G4 and G4techTV that showcases various cutscenes and trailers for video games past, present, and upcoming.	Cinematech	G4
original network	Hollywood Exes is an American reality television series that debuted on June 27, 2012, and airs on VH1.	Hollywood Exes	VH1
original network	Calvento Files was a crime and investigative show which aired on ABS-CBN from 1995 to 1998.	Calvento Files	ABS-CBN
original network	Hold That Camera is an American game show that ran on the DuMont Television Network's primetime schedule from August 27 to December 15, 1950.	Hold That Camera	DuMont Television Network
original network	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (sometimes referred to as Always Sunny or simply Sunny) is an American television sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4, 2005.	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	FX
original network	Days of Our Lives (also stylized as Days of our Lives; often abbreviated to DOOL or Days) is an American daytime soap opera broadcast on the NBC television network.	Days of Our Lives	NBC
original network	The Catherine Tate Show airs on BBC Two and is shown worldwide through the BBC.	The Catherine Tate Show	BBC Two
original network	History Hunters was a British television series that aired on Channel 4 from 1998 to 1999.	History Hunters	Channel 4
original network	Donald Duck's 50th Birthday is the 1984 television special broadcast on The Magical World of Disney on November 13, 1984 on CBS.	Donald Duck's 50th Birthday	CBS
original network	Barriga de Aluguel (English: Belly Rent) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo from August 20, 1990 to May 31, 1991 in 243 episodes.	Barriga de Aluguel	Rede Globo
original network	Mr. Novak is an American dramatic series starring James Franciscus in the title role, which aired on NBC for two seasons, from 1963 to 1965.	Mr. Novak	NBC
parent taxon	Histerinae is a subfamily of the Histeridae family of Beetles	Histerinae	Histeridae
participant of	Vera Harsányi (12 October 1919 -- 1994), or Vera Szekely, was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics, and a Hungarian artists.	Vera Harsányi	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Étienne Dagon (born 13 September 1960 in Biel/Bienne) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Switzerland who won the bronze medal in the men's 200 m breaststroke at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Étienne Dagon	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chiara Cainero (Born March 24, 1978 in Udine, Italy) is an Italian sport shooter who won a gold medal in Skeet at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Chiara Cainero	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dorjzovdyn Ganbat (born 15 August 1950) is a Mongolian former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Dorjzovdyn Ganbat	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Walter Schuster (born June 2, 1929) is an Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics.	Walter Schuster	1956 Winter Olympics
participant of	Miroslav Kostadinov (Bulgarian: Мирослав Костадинов born 10 March 1976) is a Bulgarian singer and songwriter who represented Bulgaria in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song ``Angel si ti''.	Miroslav Kostadinov	Eurovision Song Contest 2010
participant of	Mithat Yıldırım competed for Turkey at the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics in cross country 10 km (classical) and 10 km events.	Mithat Yıldırım	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Mariko Ebralidze (Georgian: მარიკო ებრალიძე; born 1984) is a Georgian jazz singer who represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 along with the group The Shin with the song ``Three Minutes to Earth''.	Mariko Ebralidze	Eurovision Song Contest 2014
participant of	Paul Gailly (born 2 August 1894, date of death unknown) was a Belgian water polo player who won silver medals at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics.	Paul Gailly	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lin Kun-han, (Chinese: 林琨瀚; pinyin: Lín Kūnhàn; Wade--Giles: Lin2 Kun1 Han4; born January 5, 1968), is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Lin Kun-han	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Antony Matkovich (born 12 June 1977) is an Australian former freestyle swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4x200-metre freestyle relay at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Antony Matkovich	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Per Mattson was a Swedish rower who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Per Mattson	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Junichi Kuriuzawa (born 25 February 1965 in Ōfunato) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Junichi Kuriuzawa	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lucien Theys (15 February 1927 -- 19 January 1996) was a Belgian long-distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Lucien Theys	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lauren Meece (born 6 February 1983) is an American former judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Lauren Meece	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Monika Linkytė (born 3 June 1992) is Lithuanian singer who represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 along with Vaidas Baumila with the song ``This Time''.	Monika Linkytė	Eurovision Song Contest 2015
participant of	Christine Ferneck (born April 29, 1968 in Munich, Bayern) is a former field hockey player from Germany, who was a member of the national squad that won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Christine Ferneck	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Basil Spalding de Garmendia (February 28, 1860 -- November 9, 1932) was an American tennis player who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Basil Spalding de Garmendia	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Étienne Guibel (born August 7, 1905, date of death unknown) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Étienne Guibel	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marlon Shirley competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in the 4x100m and long jump as well as a silver in the high jump and a gold in the 100m.	Marlon Shirley	2000 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Andreas Vevera (born 1971) is a gold medalist in table tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.	Andreas Vevera	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Tokusaburo Iwata (born 18 February 1901) was a Japanese sport shooter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Tokusaburo Iwata	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Leonardo Binchi (born 27 August 1975) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Leonardo Binchi	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hiroomi Yamada (4 March 1942 -- 21 October 1981) was a Japanese long jumper who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Hiroomi Yamada	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans-Gunnar Liljenwall (born 9 July 1941) is a Swedish modern pentathlete who caused the disqualification of the Swedish men's team at the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City for his alcohol use.	Hans-Gunnar Liljenwall	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vadims Vasiļevskis (born 5 January 1982 in Riga) is a Latvian javelin thrower, a silver medalist of 2004 Summer Olympics.	Vadims Vasiļevskis	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sandro Tomaš (born October 9, 1972 in Zagreb) is a former medley swimmer from Croatia, who competed for his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Sandro Tomaš	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kim Bong-soo (born November 30, 1962 in Seoul) is a former tennis player from South Korea, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul where he scored an upset win over the fancied French contender Henri Leconte.	Kim Bong-soo	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	The 2010 FIFA World Cup was Lúcio's third World Cup.	Lúcio	2010 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Keith Collin (18 January 1937 -- March 1991) was a British diver who won the gold medal in the Men's 3 metres (9.8 ft) springboard diving at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games and competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Keith Collin	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	SS-Stabsscharführer Otto Stadie (10 March 1897 -- 28 July 1977) was a German nurse and member of the Action T4 Nazi euthanasia programme.	Otto Stadie	Action T4
participant of	Richard Rau (26 August 1889 -- 6 November 1945) was a German SS officer and track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Richard Rau	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	María Caridad Colón Rueñes-Salazar (born March 25, 1958 in Baracoa) is a former javelin thrower from Cuba who won the gold medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.	María Caridad Colón	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Reed Zuehlke, born Reed Johann Zuehlke on October 26, 1960 in Eau Claire, Wisconsin., was an athlete from the United States in the ski jumping competition at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid and the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.	Reed Zuehlke	1980 Winter Olympics	1984 Winter Olympics
participant of	Rob Reckers (born 29 August 1981 in Eindhoven, Noord-Brabant) is a field hockey player from the Netherlands, who won the silver medal with the Dutch national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Rob Reckers	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Felix Würth (born 11 August 1923) is an Austrian former long and triple jumper who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Felix Würth	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Samir Barać (born 2 November 1973) is a Croatian water polo player who competed in the 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Samir Barać	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Martti Uosikkinen (20 August 1909 in Kuopio -- 9 March 1940) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics, in the 1932 Summer Olympics, and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Martti Uosikkinen	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rafael Hechanova, Sr. (born 8 July 1928) is a Filipino former basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Rafael Hechanova	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erich Zander (born April 11, 1905, date of death unknown) was a German field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Erich Zander	1928 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zoltán Dömötör (born August 21, 1935) is a Hungarian swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Zoltán Dömötör	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hein-Direck Neu (born 13 February 1944) is a German former discus thrower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics, in the 1972 Summer Olympics, and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Hein-Direck Neu	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Masami Tachikawa (立川真紗美, born 16 November 1980) is a Japanese basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Masami Tachikawa	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cahit Önel (23 November 1927 -- 17 September 1970) was a Turkish middle distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Cahit Önel	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giacomo Puosi (born 30 March 1946) is an Italian former sprinter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Giacomo Puosi	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ignacio Romo Porchas (July 17, 1924 -- March 11, 2007) played for the Mexico national basketball team in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.	Ignacio Romo Porchas	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michal Barda (born 27 June 1955) is a Czech former handball goalkeeper and coach who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Michal Barda	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Volodymyr Antonyuk is a Ukrainian Paralympic footballer who won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in China.	Volodymyr Antonyuk	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Luca Tesconi (born January 3, 1982) is an Italian sports shooter who won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Luca Tesconi	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mohamed Abarhoun (born 3 May 1989) is a Moroccan footballer who played at the 2012 Summer Olympics, making 3 appearances in the tournament.	Mohamed Abarhoun	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chow Tsz Ki (Chinese: 周梓琪; Jyutping: zau1 zi2 kei4; born 12 November 1972, in Korea) is a fencer from Hong Kong, China who won two bronze medals at the 2006 Asian Games in the women's sabre individual and team competitions.	Chow Tsz Ki	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Tadeusz Rutkowski (born 25 April 1951 in Kraków) is a Polish former weightlifter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Tadeusz Rutkowski	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anke Schumann (born 21 July 1959) is a German sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Anke Schumann	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl Ritter von Halt was a track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Karl Ritter von Halt	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jacob Opdahl (15 January 1894 -- 21 March 1938) was a Norwegian gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Jacob Opdahl	1912 Summer Olympics	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michele Orecchia (26 December 1903 -- 11 December 1981) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who won one stage in the 1932 Tour de France.	Michele Orecchia	Tour de France
participant of	Seo Jong-ho (born 20 June 1980) is a South Korean former field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, the 2004 Summer Olympics, the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Seo Jong-ho	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ralph Berzsenyi (German: Erich Beusterien, 26 February 1909 -- 10 June 1978) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Ralph Berzsenyi	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Volodymyr Demchenko (born 16 April 1981) is an Ukrainian sprinter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Volodymyr Demchenko	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	John Scott Leary (December 29, 1881 -- July 1, 1958) was an American freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics in St. Louis, Missouri.	Scott Leary	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Claude Lambert (born February 16, 1969 in Montreal, Quebec) is a retired boxer from Canada, who competed in the bantamweight (< 54 kg) division at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Claude Lambert	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Colette Besson (7 April 1946 -- 9 August 2005) was a French athlete, the surprise winner of the 400 m at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.	Colette Besson	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Stanislav Lusk (November 12, 1931 -- May 6, 1987) was a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Stanislav Lusk	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Magdalena Brunner (born 10 April 1983) is a Swiss synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Magdalena Brunner	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	József Navarrete (born 16 December 1965) is a Hungarian fencer, who won a silver medal in the team sabre competition at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta together with Bence Szabó and Csaba Köves.	József Navarrete	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mario Delač (born March 15, 1985 in Zagreb) is a freestyle swimmer from Croatia, who made his Olympic debut for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Mario Delač	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	María del Risco (born 23 August 1960) is a Peruvian former volleyball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1980 Summer Olympics, and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	María del Risco	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zurab Zviadauri (born July 2, 1981) is a Georgian judoka who competed in the Men's 90 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal.	Zurab Zviadauri	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aleksandr Panfilov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Панфи́лов; born 11 October 1960) is a retired track cyclist who competed for the USSR at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, winning a silver medal in the 1 km time trial.	Aleksandr Panfilov	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	José van der Ploeg (born May 4, 1958) is a Spanish sailor who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, where he won gold medal in the Finn Class.	José van der Ploeg	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yuri Confortola (born April 24, 1986 in Tirano) is a short-track speed-skater who competed for Italy at the 2006 Winter Olympics, at the 2010 Winter Olympics and at the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Yuri Confortola	2006 Winter Olympics	2010 Winter Olympics	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Park Seung-ok (born 28 January 1938) is a South Korean former footballer who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Park Seung-ok	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Xiong Ni (Chinese: 熊倪; pinyin: Xióng Ní; born January 11, 1974 in Changsha, Hunan) is a Chinese diver who won his first Olympic medal at the age of 14 at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, Korea.	Xiong Ni	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Valeria Zorzetto (born in Vicenza on 21 April 1969) is an Italian paralympic athlete that won a medals at the 2004 Summer Paralympics.	Valeria Zorzetto	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Werner Klingelfuss (born June 11, 1913) is a Swiss canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Werner Klingelfuss	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Algernon Maudslay CBE (10 January 1873 -- 2 March 1948) was a sailor from Great Britain, who represented his country at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Meulan, France.	Algernon Maudslay	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cenk İldem represented his country at the 2012 Summer Olympics without advancing to the finals.	Cenk İldem	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Antonio Genato (born 9 June 1929) is a Filipino former basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and at the 1954 FIBA World Championship.	Antonio Genato	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Guo Wei Zhong has competed in both the 2000 and 2004 Summer Paralympics, on both occasion he competed in the long jump and won silver in the high jump.	Guo Wei Zhong	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Albert Mayaud (31 March 1899 -- 14 August 1987) was a French water polo player and freestyle swimmer who competed at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics.	Albert Mayaud	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ali Baghbanbashi (Persian: علی باغبان‌‌باشی‎, born 6 September, 1924) is an Iranian former long-distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and also in the 1951 Asian Games and 1958 Asian Games.	Ali Baghbanbashi	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics	1951 Asian Games	1958 Asian Games
participant of	Fritz Feierabend (29 June 1908 -- 25 November 1978) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed at 1936, 1948 and 1952 Winter Olympics.	Fritz Feierabend	1952 Winter Olympics
participant of	Cosme Prenafeta García (born December 9, 1971 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish volleyball player who represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Cosme Prenafeta	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kazuya Takeuchi (born 29 August 1941) is a Japanese former water polo player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Kazuya Takeuchi	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mariana Rossi (born 2 January 1979 in Vicente López, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine field hockey player, who won a bronze medal with the national women's hockey team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Mariana Rossi	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zsuzsa Jánosi (born 19 November, 1963) is a Hungarian fencer, who won a bronze medal in the team foil competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics, in Seoul together with Zsuzsanna Szőcs, Katalin Tuschák, Edit Kovács and Gertrúd Stefanek.	Zsuzsa Jánosi	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Borivoje Vukov (July 8, 1929 -- July 1, 2010) was a Serbian wrestler who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Borivoje Vukov	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	João Ferreira, usually known as Bigode -- moustache, in Portuguese (April 4, 1922 -- July 31, 2003), -- was a Brazilian footballer who played left back who played in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.	Bigode	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Berta Hrubá (8 April 1946 -- 24 July 1998) was a Czech field hockey player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Berta Hrubá	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christiane Pielke (born 12 May 1963 in Hannover) is a German former swimmer who competed in the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics.	Christiane Pielke	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hugh Durant (23 February 1877 -- 20 January 1916) was a British sport shooter and modern pentathlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Hugh Durant	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nojim Maiyegun (born February 21, 1944 in Lagos) is a retired Nigerian boxer, who won the bronze medal in the men's Light Middleweight (71 kg) category at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.	Nojim Maiyegun	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Floris Jan Bovelander (born January 19, 1966 in Haarlem) is a former field hockey player from the Netherlands, who was a member of the Dutch national squad that won the golden medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.	Floris Jan Bovelander	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Artur Wojdat (born 20 May 1968 in Olsztyn) is a former international swimmer from Poland, who won the bronze medal in the men's 400 metres freestyle at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Artur Wojdat	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Agnete Olsen, later Granholm (December 22, 1909 -- September 13, 1997) was a Danish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics.	Agnete Olsen	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jan Hesterman (18 March 1893, Amsterdam -- 16 December 1963, Amsterdam) was a Dutch boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Jan Hesterman	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Radosław Horbik (born March 29, 1977 in Wrocław) was a Polish Freestyle wrestler who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Radosław Horbik	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Josef Schleinkofer (March 19, 1910 in Munich -- 1984) was a German boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Josef Schleinkofer	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roberto Monzón González (born 30 March 1978) is a Cuban wrestler who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Roberto Monzón	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Şeref Eroğlu (born 25 November 1975 in Kahramanmaraş) is a Turkish wrestler who competed in the Men's Greco-Roman 66 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal.	Şeref Eroğlu	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Joan McSheehy (July 22, 1913 -- April 16, 1948), also known by her married name Joan Huffman, was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Joan McSheehy	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michel Frédérick (6 November 1872 -- 22 June 1912) was a Swiss professional road bicycle racer, who won the first stage of the 1904 Tour de France, and was leading the classification for one day, the second non-French person to do so after Charles Laeser in the 1903 Tour de France.	Michel Frédérick	Tour de France
participant of	Bror Albert Öberg (August 24, 1888 -- May 12, 1990) was a Swedish athlete who competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Albert Öberg	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Linda Moes (born September 24, 1971 in Veendam, Groningen) is a former breaststroke swimmer from The Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Linda Moes	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Linda Faber (born 29 February 1960 in Veenendaal, Utrecht) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands who competed for her native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.	Linda Faber	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	János Simon (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈjaːnoʃ ˈʃimon); 1 March 1929 -- 31 October 2010) was a Hungarian basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and 1960 Summer Olympics.	János Simon	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Manfred Kokot (born January 3, 1948 in Templin, Brandenburg) is a former East German athlete, who won the silver medal in the 4x100m relay at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.	Manfred Kokot	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Francis Barrett (born February 7, 1977 in Galway, Ireland), commonly known as Francie Barrett, is an Irish professional boxer, who represented Ireland at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Francie Barrett	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mitko Khadzhiev (Bulgarian: Митко Хаджиев) (born 24 February 1961) is a Bulgarian former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics.	Mitko Khadzhiev	1980 Winter Olympics	1984 Winter Olympics
participant of	Dumitru Cipere (born October 22, 1957) is a retired boxer from Romania, who competed in the bantamweight (< 54 kg) division at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.	Dumitru Cipere	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	François Blank (December 30, 1930) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey player who competed for the Swiss national team at the 1952 Winter Olympics.	François Blank	1952 Winter Olympics
participant of	Kornelia Ender (born 25 October 1958 in Plauen, Saxony) is a former East German swimmer who at the 1976 Summer Olympics became the first woman swimmer to win four gold medals at a single Olympic Games, all in world record times.	Kornelia Ender	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Robert van der Veen (September 26, 1906 in Shanghai, Empire of China -- March 18, 1996 in Jette, Belgium) was a Dutch field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Robert van der Veen	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Petar Šegvić (June 25, 1930 -- June 7, 1990) was a Croatian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia.	Petar Šegvić	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nataliya Rusnachenko (Ukrainian: Наталія Русначенко, born May 13, 1969) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for Austria in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Nataliya Rusnachenko	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Georgios Papavasileiou (Greek: Γεώργιος Παπαβασιλείου; born 10 December 1930 in Arethousa, Central Macedonia) is a Greek former middle-distance and steeplechase runner who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Georgios Papavasileiou	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Leon Jucewicz (November 18, 1902 -- January 13, 1984) was a Polish speed skater who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.	Leon Jucewicz	1924 Winter Olympics
participant of	Mirza Khan (born 15 December 1924) was a Pakistani hurdler who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Mirza Khan	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Guo Cui (Chinese: 郭毳, born 26 February 1975) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Guo Cui	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paul Hamm competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, with his twin brother Morgan Hamm.	Paul Hamm	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	On March 24, 2008 Alexandros Nikolaidis had the honour to be the first torch-bearer of the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay.	Alexandros Nikolaidis	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	A member of the 1966 FIFA World Cup squad of West Germany, Günter Bernard joined SV Werder Bremen in the founding year of Bundesliga from boyhood outfit Schweinfurt 05, for whom he had played top-tier matches in the Oberliga Süd since 1958.	Günter Bernard	1966 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Patricia Castro Ortega (born August 6, 1992 in Madrid) is a Spanish freestyle and relay swimmer, who was selected to the national team to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.	Patricia Castro	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wojciech Bartnik (born December 2, 1967 in Olesnica) is a former southpaw boxer from Poland, who won a Light Heavyweight Bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Wojciech Bartnik	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	On July 7, 2007, Shakira opened the German leg of Live Earth in Hamburg.	Shakira	Live Earth
participant of	Miquel Orobitg Guitart is a Spanish disability shooter who has represented Spain at the 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Miquel Orobitg Guitart	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Mohammed El Filali (Arabic: محمد الفيلالي‎) (born 9 July 1945) is a Moroccan football forward who played for the Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup.	Mohammed El Filali	1970 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Andrej Klinar (5 February 1942 in Jesenice -- 5 April 2011 in Bled) was a Slovenian alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1964 Winter Olympics and 1968 Winter Olympics.	Andrej Klinar	1964 Winter Olympics	1968 Winter Olympics
participant of	Roman Lešek (born 7 August 1937 in Celje) is a Slovenian former pole vaulter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Roman Lešek	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Bourquin (16 October 1914 -- 1998) was a Swiss rowing coxswain who won the gold medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics, aged 13.	Hans Bourquin	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Feng Fei (simplified Chinese: 冯飞; traditional Chinese: 馮飛; pinyin: Féng Fēi; born 18 February 1983 in Chengdu, Sichuan, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Feng Fei	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Song Nina (Chinese: 宋妮娜; born April 7, 1980) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Song Nina	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Franck David (born 21 March 1970 in Paris) is a French sailor who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, where he won the gold medal in the Men's Lechner Sailboard Class.	Franck David	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Laura Reynolds (born 21 January 1989) is an Irish long distance race walker, from Eslin, Leitrim who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 20k walk.	Laura Reynolds	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elias Recaido (born May 15, 1970) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Elias Recaido	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marco Venturini (born 12 July 1960) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, the 2000 Summer Olympics, and the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Marco Venturini	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erik Algot Fredriksson (13 June 1885 -- 14 May 1930) a Swedish policeman who won a gold medal in the tug of war competition at the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Erik Algot Fredriksson	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Perikles Kakousis (Greek: Περικλής Κακούσης, born 1879, date of death unknown) was a Greek weightlifter who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics and in the 1906 Summer Olympics.	Perikles Kakousis	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Saleh Khoulef (born March 30, 1975) is an Egyptian boxer., He competed in the light welterweight division at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Saleh Khoulef	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paul Isberg (September 2, 1882, Helsingborg, Scania -- March 5, 1955) was a Swedish sailor who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Paul Isberg	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ariel Olascoaga (26 August 1929 -- 22 August 2010) was an Uruguayan basketball player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Ariel Olascoaga	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrzej Sajkowski (born May 21, 1952) is a former long-distance runner from Poland, who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR.	Andrzej Sajkowski	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Detlef Gerstenberg (born 5 March 1957 -- died 24 January 1993) was a hammer thrower from East Germany, who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics for his native country.	Detlef Gerstenberg	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Arigo Padovan (Castelbaldo, 16 June 1927) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who won stages in both the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia.	Arigo Padovan	Tour de France
participant of	Thomas Swindlehurst (21 May 1874 -- 15 March 1959) was a British tug of war competitor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Thomas Swindlehurst	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	John Michael Beresford (born 1934) is a former British rower who competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Michael Beresford	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ruan Yi (born 17 July 1981) is a Chinese former swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Ruan Yi	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sergey Belyayev (Сергей Беляев; born May 8, 1960) is a Kazakhstani shooter, who won two silver medals in 50 metre rifle at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.	Sergey Belyayev	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dora Honnywill (née Neve, 17 December 1870 -- 18 March 1959) was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.	Dora Honnywill	1908 Summer Olympics
performer	``Hùg Air A' Bhonaid Mhòir'' (Celebrate the Big Bonnet) is the second single taken from Julie Fowlis's second album Cuilidh, released the previous year.	Hùg Air A' Bhonaid Mhòir	Julie Fowlis
performer	Ultramega OK is the debut full-length studio album by the American rock band Soundgarden, released on October 31, 1988 through SST Records.	Ultramega OK	Soundgarden
performer	Almost Goodbye is the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Mark Chesnutt.	Almost Goodbye	Mark Chesnutt
performer	``J'adore Hardcore'' is a single by German hard dance group Scooter.	J'adore Hardcore	Scooter
performer	``Another Honky-Tonk Night on Broadway'' is a song written by Steve Dorff, Snuff Garrett and Milton Brown, and recorded by American country music artists David Frizzell and Shelly West as a duet.	Another Honky-Tonk Night on Broadway	David Frizzell	Shelly West
performer	Giving You the Best That I Got is the third album by the American R&B/soul singer Anita Baker.	Giving You the Best That I Got	Anita Baker
performer	``West End Riot'' was the fourth single taken from Australian rock group, The Living End's debut self-titled album.	West End Riot	The Living End
performer	``Automatisch'' and ``Automatic'' are the first singles from German pop rock band Tokio Hotel's third German studio album and second English studio album Humanoid.	Automatisch	Tokio Hotel
performer	``Love Never Dies (Back for the First Time)'' is a song performed by British dubstep music producer Caspa and singer-songwriter Mr Hudson.	Love Never Dies (Back for the First Time)	Caspa	Mr Hudson
performer	Desitively Bonnaroo is a 1974 album by New Orleans rhythm and blues legend Dr. John.	Desitively Bonnaroo	Dr. John
performer	``She Ain't Worth It'' is a song recorded by Glenn Medeiros with a rap verse from singer Bobby Brown.	She Ain't Worth It	Glenn Medeiros	Bobby Brown
performer	``No Substitute Love'' is the third single from English hip-hop artist Estelle's second album Shine.	No Substitute Love	Estelle
performer	Little Earthquakes is the debut solo album of singer/songwriter Tori Amos, featuring the singles ``Silent All These Years'', ``China'', ``Winter'' and ``Crucify''.	Little Earthquakes	Tori Amos
performer	October is the Kindest Month is the seventh studio album by folk-singer John Craigie.	October is the Kindest Month	John Craigie
performer	De wereld rond (English: Around the World) is the sixth studio album by the Belgian girlgroup K3.	De wereld rond	K3
performer	Trilenium is the third studio album released by the German DJ Sash!.	Trilenium	Sash
performer	Future Rhythm is the fourth album from rap group, Digital Underground, and also marks their first independent release.	Future Rhythm	Digital Underground
performer	BombShellShocked is the fourth album (third full-length album) from the Eric Stuart Band (ESB) in which Eric Stuart is the songwriter and lead singer.	BombShellShocked	Eric Stuart
performer	Singing in the Trees (simplified Chinese: 在树上唱歌; traditional Chinese: 在樹上唱歌) is the third studio album by Claire Kuo.	Singing in the Trees	Claire Kuo
performer	``Hey Young World'' is the third single released from Slick Rick's debut album, The Great Adventures of Slick Rick.	Hey Young World	Slick Rick
performer	Beneath the Radar is an album released in 2005 by New Zealand hip-hop artist, Che Fu.	Beneath the Radar	Che Fu
performer	Ayza El Radd (or sometimes Ayza El Rad) is the 2nd album of Lebanese artist Nawal Al Zoghbi.	Ayza El Radd	Nawal Al Zoghbi
performer	Live Timeline is a live album by rock band Wishbone Ash.	Live Timeline	Wishbone Ash
performer	A porchettata (The Pork Feast) is an album by Catarrhal Noise.	A porchettata	Catarrhal Noise
performer	Ako Denot Mi E Nokj (in Macedonian: Ако Денот Ми Е Ноќ, English: If Daylight is My Night) is the second solo album by the Macedonian singer Kaliopi.	Ako Denot Mi E Nokj	Kaliopi
performer	``Cotton Jenny'' is a single by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray.	Cotton Jenny	Anne Murray
performer	``Down Down'' is a popular song by the English rock band, Status Quo.	Down Down	Status Quo
performer	Everybody Wants to Be on TV is the second studio album by the English band Scouting for Girls.	Everybody Wants to Be on TV	Scouting for Girls
performer	Werk 80 II is the eighth full-length album by German industrial gothic metal band Atrocity, released on February 29, 2008 and their 2nd full-length cover album after the original Werk 80 album released in 1997.	Werk 80 II	Atrocity
performer	``(How Could You) Bring Him Home'' is a song by American pop/R&B singer-songwriter/harmonicist Eamon.	(How Could You) Bring Him Home	Eamon
performer	100 Miles from Memphis is the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow.	100 Miles from Memphis	Sheryl Crow
performer	Impossible Dream is Patty Griffin's fifth commercially released album, and fourth studio album.	Impossible Dream	Patty Griffin
performer	Circle in the Round is a 1979 compilation album by jazz musician Miles Davis.	Circle in the Round	Miles Davis
performer	Little Bit of Everything is the third studio album of American country music singer Billy Currington.	Little Bit of Everything	Billy Currington
performer	``A Funky Space Reincarnation'' is a 1978 funk single recorded and released in 1979 by Marvin Gaye on the Tamla label.	A Funky Space Reincarnation	Marvin Gaye
performer	Black Forest Bluegrass is a recording of the music of Peter Schickele under his comic pseudonym of P. D. Q. Bach, featuring the composer and ``a bluegrass band with a Baroque orchestra, a wind octet with toys, a commercial with a snake -- this album has it all!''	Black Forest Bluegrass	P. D. Q. Bach
performer	``Blue Moon of Kentucky'' is a waltz written in 1946 by bluegrass musician Bill Monroe and recorded by his band, The Blue Grass Boys.	Blue Moon of Kentucky	Bill Monroe
performer	Buck Jam Tonic is a double album of improvised music by John Zorn, Bill Laswell & Tatsuya Nakamura released on the Japanese WildDisk label in 2003 and consists of one disc mixed in Tokyo and another mixed in New York City.	Buck Jam Tonic	John Zorn
performer	Your Turn to Fall is the seventh Jandek album, and was released as Corwood 0745.	Your Turn to Fall	Jandek
performer	``Si Tú Me Amaras'' (English: If You Love Me) is a song written by Rudy Pérez and performed by Mexican pop singer Cristian Castro.	Si Tú Me Amaras	Cristian Castro
performer	Nerve Net is a 1992 music album by the British musician Brian Eno.	Nerve Net	Brian Eno
performer	Televisão de Cachorro is the fourth studio album of the Brazilian rock band Pato Fu.	Televisão de Cachorro	Pato Fu
performer	Busse Woods is the second full-length album by stoner metal band Acid King.	Busse Woods	Acid King
performer	``Do What U Like'' is the debut single by English boy band Take That.	Do What U Like	Take That
performer	Beyond the Sundial is the second album from American new-age pianist Kevin Kern.	Beyond the Sundial	Kevin Kern
performer	``I Want to Be Gay'' is the fourth single released by singer and comedian Julie Brown.	I Want to Be Gay	Julie Brown
performer	The Thirteenth Dream was the second (and final) ``reunion'' album from Spirit.	The Thirteenth Dream	Spirit
performer	``Back When'' is a song written by Stan Lynch, Stephony Smith and Jeff Stevens, and performed by American country music singer Tim McGraw.	Back When	Tim McGraw
performer	Heirs to Thievery is the fourth full length album by American deathgrind band Misery Index.	Heirs to Thievery	Misery Index
performer	Eat at Whitey's (2000) is the third solo album by Everlast.	Eat at Whitey's	Everlast
performer	Cobra Blood Hangover is the third and final studio album by The International Playboys, released in 2006 (see 2006 in music) and was their first album with Australian Cattle God Records.	Cobra Blood Hangover	The International Playboys
performer	Entertainment Program for Humans (Second Variety) is Servotron's second and final album.	Entertainment Program for Humans (Second Variety)	Servotron
performer	``Freelove'' is a song by English electronic group Depeche Mode.	Freelove	Depeche Mode
performer	``Color of Soul'' (stylized as COLOR OF SOUL) is a song by Japanese singer Kumi Koda, released as her third single in Japan.	Color of Soul	Kumi Koda
performer	``All for the Love of Sunshine'' is a song recorded by American country music singer Hank Williams Jr..	All for the Love of Sunshine	Hank Williams Jr.
performer	Hundred Year Hall is a two-CD live album by the Grateful Dead.	Hundred Year Hall	Grateful Dead
performer	``Run (I'm a Natural Disaster)'', also known more commonly as ``Run'', is a song written and recorded by Gnarls Barkley.	Run (I'm a Natural Disaster)	Gnarls Barkley
performer	``We No Speak Americano'' is a song by Australian band Yolanda Be Cool and producer DCUP.	We No Speak Americano	Yolanda Be Cool	DCUP
performer	Everything You See is the thirteenth album by the Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig, released by Ridge Records in the United Kingdom on 14 May 2007.	Everything You See	Runrig
performer	``Fooled by a Smile'' is a 1987 song by the British pop act Swing Out Sister.	Fooled by a Smile	Swing Out Sister
performer	Low Flame is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1962 and released on the Jazzland label.	Low Flame	Sonny Stitt
performer	Extinct Instinct is the third studio album by British progressive metal band Threshold, released in 1997.	Extinct Instinct	Threshold
performer	See the Morning is an album that was released on September 26, 2006 by Chris Tomlin.	See the Morning	Chris Tomlin
performer	``Tuesday's Gone'' is the second track on Lynyrd Skynyrd's first album, (Pronounced 'lĕh-'nérd 'skin-'nérd).	Tuesday's Gone	Lynyrd Skynyrd
performer	Don't Condemn This Dying is the second studio album by American hardcore heavy metal band Painstake, released on August 31, 1999.	Don't Condemn This Dying	Painstake
performer	``He Don't Love You'' is a song by Human Nature, released as the first single from their album Human Nature.	He Don't Love You	Human Nature
performer	RIITIIR, occasionally typeset as ``RIITIIЯ,'' is the twelfth studio album from the Norwegian metal band Enslaved.	RIITIIR	Enslaved
performer	As Trees Walking is the 2002 debut studio solo album by Mitch Dorge.	As Trees Walking	Mitch Dorge
performer	Sickness of the Ages is the first full length album by the hardcore/thrash band I Hate Sally.	Sickness of the Ages	I Hate Sally
performer	From There to Here: 1989-2002 is an album by Brian McKnight, which was released on November 5, 2002 following the release of his first two top-ten albums, 1999's Back at One and 2001's Superhero.	From There to Here: 1989-2002	Brian McKnight
performer	Object 47 is the eleventh studio album by the English post punk band Wire, named so because it is the 47th item in the Wire discography - a methodology harking back to the name of their 1979 album, 154, which was named after the number of concerts they had played to that point.	Object 47	Wire
performer	``Sometime Around Midnight'' is a song by The Airborne Toxic Event from their self-titled debut album, and was released as a UK single on February 2, 2009.	Sometime Around Midnight	The Airborne Toxic Event
performer	``You're the Best Thing'' is a song by the English band The Style Council which was their sixth single to be released.	You're the Best Thing	The Style Council
performer	So, It's Like That is the second studio album by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa.	So, It's Like That	Joe Bonamassa
performer	``Hips Don't Lie'' is a song by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira featuring Haitian rapper Wyclef Jean for the reissue of Shakira's seventh studio album, Oral Fixation, Vol. 2.	Hips Don't Lie	Shakira	Wyclef Jean
performer	The Unicorn is the debut studio album of the Canadian Irish folk music group The Irish Rovers, released in 1967 and topped the charts in 1968.	The Unicorn	The Irish Rovers
performer	Jinsei×Boku= (人生×僕= Jinsei Kakete Boku wa, lit. Life Times Me Equals) is the sixth full-length album by the Japanese band, One Ok Rock.	Jinsei×Boku=	One Ok Rock
performer	``All Good?'' is the second single from De La Soul's fifth album, Art Official Intelligence:	All Good?	De La Soul
performer	``Giving Myself'' is a song recorded by American recording artist Jennifer Hudson.	Giving Myself	Jennifer Hudson
performer	Live at River Plate is a live concert DVD documenting AC/DC's Black Ice World Tour.	Live at River Plate	AC/DC
performer	Fractal Possession is the seventh studio album by Austrian black metal band Abigor.	Fractal Possession	Abigor
performer	Rock 'n Roll Nightmare is an album by hardcore punk band Rich Kids on LSD, released in 1987.	Rock 'n Roll Nightmare	Rich Kids on LSD
performer	``If I Had Eyes'' is the first single from Hawaiian singer-songwriter Jack Johnson's album Sleep Through the Static.	If I Had Eyes	Jack Johnson
performer	Fancy Meeting You Here is a 1958 RCA Victor studio album of duets by the American singers Bing Crosby and Rosemary Clooney, arranged by Billy May who also conducted the orchestra.	Fancy Meeting You Here	Bing Crosby
performer	His Hand in Mine is the twelfth studio album by Elvis Presley, released on RCA Victor Records in mono and stereo, LPM/LSP 2328, in November 1960.	His Hand in Mine	Elvis Presley
performer	Rock 'n' Roll Will Never Die is a studio album by recording artist Wesley Willis.	Rock 'n' Roll Will Never Die	Wesley Willis
performer	Waiting for Herb is a 1993 album by The Pogues, their first without former lead singer Shane MacGowan.	Waiting for Herb	The Pogues
performer	Dichotomy B is the 2004 follow up the GRITS previous effort, Dichotomy A.	Dichotomy B	GRITS
performer	Den blå hund (English: The Blue Dog) is the eleventh album released 1984 by the Danish rock band Gnags.	Den blå hund	Gnags
performer	Wrote a Song for Everyone is the ninth solo studio album by John Fogerty, released on May 27, 2013 in Europe, and on May 28, 2013 (Fogerty's 68th birthday) in the United States.	Wrote a Song for Everyone	John Fogerty
performer	Goodbye Swingtime is the first studio album by The Matthew Herbert Big Band.	Goodbye Swingtime	Matthew Herbert
performer	``I'm Not Who I Was'' is a song by contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath, and was the lead single from his debut album Don't Get Comfortable (2006).	I'm Not Who I Was	Brandon Heath
performer	Whatever You Want is the twelfth studio 1979 rock album by the British band Status Quo.	Whatever You Want	Status Quo
performer	Gichi / Ayatsuri ningyou / Karakuri no soko (ギチ・あやつり人形・カラクリの底) is a compilation EP by Japanese band The Mad Capsule Markets.	Gichi / Ayatsuri ningyou / Karakuri no soko	The Mad Capsule Markets
performer	``Merry Christmas Darling'' is a Christmas song by The Carpenters, written by Richard Carpenter and Frank Pooler and originally recorded in 1970.	Merry Christmas Darling	The Carpenters
performer	Falling in Love with Jazz is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, released on the Milestone label in 1991, featuring performances by Rollins with Clifton Anderson, Bob Cranshaw, Mark Soskin, Jerome Harris and Jack DeJohnette with Branford Marsalis, Tommy Flanagan, and Jeff Watts standing in on two tracks.	Falling in Love with Jazz	Sonny Rollins
performer	All This Useless Beauty is the seventeenth studio album by the English singer-songwriter Elvis Costello, released as Warner Brothers 46198.	All This Useless Beauty	Elvis Costello
performer	Last Fantasy is the second Korean-language studio album by South Korean singer-songwriter and actress IU.	Last Fantasy	IU
performer	Haciendo Historia (English: Making History) is Xtreme's second album.	Haciendo Historia	Xtreme
performer	``Good Woman Blues'' is a song written by Ken McDuffie and recorded by American country music artist Mel Tillis.	Good Woman Blues	Mel Tillis
performer	Vilja Bli (Wanting to Become) is the first solo album of the Swedish singer Oskar Linnros after leaving the group Snook.	Vilja Bli	Oskar Linnros
performer	Evaisthisies (Sensitivities) is an album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi.	Evaisthisies	Katy Garbi
performer	The Manticore and Other Horrors is the tenth studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth.	The Manticore and Other Horrors	Cradle of Filth
performer	``When You're Looking Like That'' is a song by Irish boy band Westlife from their second studio album, Coast to Coast (2000).	When You're Looking Like That	Westlife
performer	Kati Apo Mena (Greek: Κάτι Από ΄Μένα; English: Something From Me) is the sixth studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas, released on 3 December 1998.	Kati Apo Mena	Sakis Rouvas
performer	We Care is the debut album by Swedish alternative rock group Whale.	We Care	Whale
performer	Size Isn't Everything is the twentieth studio album (eighteenth worldwide) by the Bee Gees, released in the UK on 13 September 1993, and the US on 2 November of the same year.	Size Isn't Everything	Bee Gees
performer	``King of Wishful Thinking'' is a 1990 hit song by the British pop band Go West.	King of Wishful Thinking	Go West
performer	Let's Get Physical is the debut album of Elephant Man on Bad Boy, released in 2008.	Let's Get Physical	Elephant Man
performer	To Sell the Truth is a studio album by the American punk rock band Youth Brigade, released in 1996.	To Sell the Truth	Youth Brigade
performer	Diary of a G is an album from rapper Mr. Capone-E released on August 25, 2009 through his own record label Hi-Power Entertainment.	Diary of a G	Mr. Capone-E
performer	In Mass Mind is the third album by The Make-Up.	In Mass Mind	The Make-Up
performer	``Lonely at the Top'' was a 2006 single by The Ordinary Boys and appeared as the third single from - and proceeded before - their album How to Get Everything You Ever Wanted in Ten Easy Steps (including the re-release of ``Boys Will Be Boys'').	Lonely at the Top	The Ordinary Boys
performer	Jimjam (stylised as jimjam) is a 2000 recording by UK jazz-funk guitarist Jim Mullen, featuring fellow-Scot Hamish Stuart on rhythm guitar, Pino Palladino on bass and Ian Thomas on drums.	Jimjam	Jim Mullen
performer	A Cowboy Has to Sing is the third Sons of the San Joaquin album and the first for a major label.	A Cowboy Has to Sing	Sons of the San Joaquin
performer	Dublin Blues is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark, released in 1995.	Dublin Blues	Guy Clark
performer	``Warm Love'' is a hit song written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison.	Warm Love	Van Morrison
performer	``What Am I Gonna Do with You'' is a popular song recorded by Barry White.	What Am I Gonna Do with You	Barry White
performer	Strength & Loyalty was Bone Thugs-n-Harmony's first major album after an absence of nearly five years.	Strength & Loyalty	Bone Thugs-n-Harmony
performer	Harvest for the World is the fourteenth album released by The Isley Brothers on their T-Neck imprint in May 29, 1976.	Harvest for the World	The Isley Brothers
performer	``Looking for a New Love'' is a song by American dance-pop singer Jody Watley.	Looking for a New Love	Jody Watley
performer	You Gotta Say Yes to Another Excess is Yello's third album and was released in 1983.	You Gotta Say Yes to Another Excess	Yello
performer	``A Question of Lust'' is Depeche Mode's sixteenth UK single, released on 14 April 1986.	A Question of Lust	Depeche Mode
performer	Final Descent is an album by Samhain, first released in 1990, more than three years after lead singer Glenn Danzig and bassist Eerie Von had recruited guitarist John Christ and drummer Chuck Biscuits to form Danzig.	Final Descent	Samhain
performer	In the Right Place is the sixth album by New Orleans R&B artist Dr. John.	In the Right Place	Dr. John
performer	Pop + Jazz = Swing is an album arranged and conducted by Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in 1962 and originally released on the Audio Fidelity label.	Pop + Jazz = Swing	Benny Golson
performer	Distant Mind Alternative is the second full-length album by the Australian group Kohllapse, released in 1999.	Distant Mind Alternative	Kohllapse
performer	Live in Japan 2002 is the first live album by Canadian pop punk band Simple Plan.	Live in Japan 2002	Simple Plan
performer	What's the Rumpus? is the seventh album by Celtic band Gaelic Storm.	What's the Rumpus?	Gaelic Storm
performer	``I Should've Never Let You Go'' is a pop song by Australian female group Bardot, and was the second single from their debut album Bardot (2000).	I Should've Never Let You Go	Bardot
performer	A Revolta dos Dândis (English: ``The Revolt of the Dandies'') is the second album by Brazilian Rock band Engenheiros do Hawaii, released in 1987.	A Revolta dos Dândis	Engenheiros do Hawaii
performer	``Weak in the Presence of Beauty'' is a song written by Michael Ward and Rob Clarke which was first released by their band, the British soul and jazz-influenced pop group Floy Joy, in 1986.	Weak in the Presence of Beauty	Floy Joy
performer	``Good Excuse'' is a promotional-only release by the Australian jam band, The John Butler Trio, from their fourth studio album Grand National.	Good Excuse	John Butler Trio
performer	Proud to Be Here is the thirteenth studio album by American country music artist Trace Adkins.	Proud to Be Here	Trace Adkins
performer	The Sixteen Men of Tain is the tenth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in March 2000 through Gnarly Geezer Records (United States), Polydor Records (Japan) and JMS--	The Sixteen Men of Tain	Allan Holdsworth
performer	Virus West is German black metal band Nagelfar's third and last album before they broke up.	Virus West	Nagelfar
performer	Open Hostility is the seventh studio album by Canadian speed/thrash metal band Razor.	Open Hostility	Razor
performer	Amantes e Mortais (known in English as Fast and Far) is Adelaide Ferreira's second album released in 1989.	Amantes e Mortais	Adelaide Ferreira
performer	Knitting Needles and Bicycle Bells is the debut album of Tenement Halls, the name used by Chris Lopez for his solo work.	Knitting Needles and Bicycle Bells	Tenement Halls
performer	During an online chat with fans in March 2011, Lopez revealed that she was considering releasing ``I'm Into You'', featuring her favorite male rapper Lil Wayne, as the album's second single.	I'm Into You	Lil Wayne
performer	Take Your Skin Off is the second album by the noise rock band Mindflayer.	Take Your Skin Off	Mindflayer
performer	Codona 2 is the second album by the jazz trio Codona which featured sitarist and tabla player Collin Walcott, trumpeter Don Cherry and percussionist Naná Vasconcelos recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label.	Codona 2	Collin Walcott
performer	Something You Got is an album by American flugelhornist Art Farmer featuring performances with Yusef Lateef and the David Matthews Big Band recorded in 1977 and released on the CTI label.	Something You Got	Art Farmer
performer	``The Story in Your Eyes'' is a 1971 hit single by the English rock band The Moody Blues.	The Story in Your Eyes	The Moody Blues
performer	You Can't Beat Tomorrow is the fifth album by The Howling Hex.	You Can't Beat Tomorrow	Howling Hex
performer	``Got It Twisted'' is the first single from Mobb Deep's Amerikaz Nightmare album, produced by The Alchemist.	Got It Twisted	Mobb Deep
performer	The Day After Yesterday is a 2005 studio album by Australian musician, singer-songwriter, and actor Rick Springfield.	The Day After Yesterday	Rick Springfield
performer	Señor Smoke (2005) is the second album from Electric Six, following Fire in 2003.	Señor Smoke	Electric Six
performer	6:16 The Genesis is rapper Gemini's first studio album.	6:16 The Genesis	Gemini
performer	``What Will I Do'' is a single released by freestyle singer Timmy T from his 1990 album Time After Time.	What Will I Do	Timmy T
performer	4 Way Street is the third album by Crosby, Stills & Nash, their second as Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, and their first live album.	4 Way Street	Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young
performer	How Sweet It Is to Be Loved by You is the fifth studio album released by soul music artist Marvin Gaye, released in 1965.	How Sweet It Is to Be Loved by You	Marvin Gaye
performer	Little Rock to Leipzig is a 1990 album by British folk-rock band Oysterband.	Little Rock to Leipzig	Oysterband
performer	All Guns Poolside is an album by the now defunct hardcore punk band, Redemption 87.	All Guns Poolside	Redemption 87
performer	Imagine There's No Lennon (APBL20009) is a live album and DVD set, from Apoptygma Berzerk.	Imagine There's No Lennon	Apoptygma Berzerk
performer	Squirrel and G-Man Twenty Four Hour Party People Plastic Face Carnt Smile (White Out) was the first album by British band Happy Mondays.	Squirrel and G-Man Twenty Four Hour Party People Plastic Face Carnt Smile (White Out)	Happy Mondays
performer	``Leaving So Soon?'' is a song performed and composed by English piano rock and alternative rock band Keane, featured on their second studio album, Under the Iron Sea.	Leaving So Soon?	Keane
performer	1984 (For the Love of Big Brother) is a soundtrack album by Eurythmics, their fourth studio album overall, containing music recorded by the duo for director Michael Radford's 1984 film Nineteen Eighty-Four, based on George Orwell's dystopian novel of the same name.	1984 (For the Love of Big Brother)	Eurythmics
performer	``Push That Knot Away'' is a 2010 song by Scottish singer/songwriter KT Tunstall.	Push That Knot Away	KT Tunstall
performer	Burning Japan Live 1999 is a live album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy.	Burning Japan Live 1999	Arch Enemy
performer	El vuelo, is a Venezuelan music album of 2003, made by Reynaldo Armas with the seal Latin World, in this album presents the Venezuelan joropo.	El vuelo	Reynaldo Armas
performer	Undead 13+2 is the first studio album released by Japanese rock band Sadie, released on June 25, 2008 in Japan.	Undead 13+2	Sadie
performer	``Summerlovers'' is the twelfth single released by the Italian singer Alexia released in 2001 and the second and final single from her fourth studio album Mad For Music.	Summerlovers	Alexia
performer	99th Dream is the fourth studio album by the British alternative rock band Swervedriver.	99th Dream	Swervedriver
performer	Temporarily Disconnected is the fourth album from rap/metal/funk pioneers 24-7 Spyz.	Temporarily Disconnected	24-7 Spyz
performer	Roads to Judah is the debut studio album by the American black metal band Deafheaven.	Roads to Judah	Deafheaven
performer	Takin' the Country Back is the seventeenth studio album of country music artist John Anderson.	Takin' the Country Back	John Anderson
performer	``Felicidad (Margherita)'' is a 1980 single by German band Boney M., not included in any original album by the group.	Felicidad (Margherita)	Boney M.
performer	Equinox Express Elevator is an album by American guitarist Howard Roberts recorded in 1972 for the Impulse! label.	Equinox Express Elevator	Howard Roberts
performer	``Put the Green Cape On'' is a song by Irish pop duo Jedward.	Put the Green Cape On	Jedward
performer	``Oliver's Army'' is a song written by Elvis Costello, originally performed by Elvis Costello and The Attractions, and appearing on the album Armed Forces in 1979.	Oliver's Army	Elvis Costello
performer	``Just an Illusion'' is a song by the British trio Imagination.	Just an Illusion	Imagination
performer	Live at the Hollywood Palladium, December 15, 1988 is a live album by Keith Richards and was released on 10 December 1991, in the United States and 24 February 1992, in the United Kingdom.	Live at the Hollywood Palladium, December 15, 1988	Keith Richards
performer	Potential Murder Suspects (P.M.S.) is the third and final album released by the Hard Boyz.	Potential Murder Suspects	Hard Boyz
performer	Mister Heartbreak is the second album by avant-garde artist, singer and composer Laurie Anderson, released in 1984.	Mister Heartbreak	Laurie Anderson
performer	Aimless Love is the eighth album by American folk singer and songwriter John Prine, released in 1984.	Aimless Love	John Prine
performer	Good Causes is the sixth album from folk singer Gamble Rogers.	Good Causes	Gamble Rogers
performer	An Acrobat's Heart is the ninth album by composer, arranger, producer, musician, poet and singer Annette Peacock recorded in 2000 and released on the ECM label.	An Acrobat's Heart	Annette Peacock
performer	``Blossoms Falling'' is a song by Ooberman, released as their first single for Independiente, and the first to be taken from the band's debut album The Magic Treehouse.	Blossoms Falling	Ooberman
performer	Repeat When Necessary is an album by Welsh rock musician Dave Edmunds.	Repeat When Necessary	Dave Edmunds
performer	``Hair Braider'' was the first promotional single released from R. Kelly's album 12 Play: 4th Quarter, which was never released, due to the album being leaked to the internet about a month before its planned release date and bootlegging.	Hair Braider	R. Kelly
performer	``Who Will I Run To?'' is the second single from Pop/R&B singer Kiley Dean's unreleased album Simple Girl during the third quarter of 2003.	Who Will I Run To?	Kiley Dean
performer	``The Dean and I'' is a song by the art rock/pop band 10cc, from their 1973 eponymous debut album, written by Kevin Godley and Lol Creme.	The Dean and I	10cc
performer	Midnight Awake is the title of the eighth solo album by British singer-songwriter Adrian Snell.	Midnight Awake	Adrian Snell
performer	``Not a Love Song'' is the debut single by Irish girl group Wonderland, from their debut album Wonderland.	Not a Love Song	Wonderland
performer	Feuer und Flamme (German for ``Fire and Flame'', with the additional figurative meaning of ``great enthusiasm''), released in 1985, is the third album by German pop band Nena and the fourth studio album of its singer, Gabriele ``Nena'' Kerner.	Feuer und Flamme	Nena
performer	``If U Stay Ready'' is the debut single released off Suga Free's debut studio album, Street Gospel.	If U Stay Ready	Suga Free
performer	Laberinto de Amor (Spanish: Labyrinth of Love) is the 17th studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge.	Laberinto de Amor	Yolandita Monge
performer	``The Belle of St. Mark'' is a song recorded by singer/percussionist Sheila E. The song was released in November 1984 in the Netherlands, and in February 1985 in the U.S. and elsewhere.	The Belle of St. Mark	Sheila E.
performer	``Streiht Up Menace'' is a 1993 single by MC Eiht off the soundtrack of 1993 movie Menace II Society.	Streiht Up Menace	MC Eiht
performer	Breeding Death is the debut EP by Bloodbath.	Breeding Death	Bloodbath
performer	Dramatiques is the first studio album from the J-Urban artist Emi Hinouchi.	Dramatiques	Emi Hinouchi
performer	Two Pages is an album by the English band 4hero, which was shortlisted for the Mercury Music Prize in 1998 (see 1998 in music).	Two Pages	4hero
performer	Over the Hills is the sixth solo album by New York singer--songwriter Lucy Kaplansky, released in 2007.	Over the Hills	Lucy Kaplansky
performer	``You Don't Have to Be in the Army to Fight in the War'' is a popular song and hit single by the British group Mungo Jerry, first released in 1971.	You Don't Have to Be in the Army to Fight in the War	Mungo Jerry
performer	``Heroes (We Could Be)'' is a song by Swedish DJ and music producer Alesso, featuring the vocals of Swedish singer Tove Lo. Released on 25 August 2014, the song has charted in a number of countries.	Heroes (We Could Be)	Alesso
performer	Jungle of the Midwest Sea is the fourth studio album by the Chicago celtic punk band Flatfoot 56.	Jungle of the Midwest Sea	Flatfoot 56
performer	Born in America is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Riot, released in 1983.	Born in America	Riot
performer	The Great White Wonder is the second full-length album by the Welsh band The Pooh Sticks.	The Great White Wonder	The Pooh Sticks
performer	Saurian Meditation is the first solo album by Karl Sanders, the vocalist/guitarist of the technical death metal band Nile.	Saurian Meditation	Karl Sanders
performer	Hitch Hikin' Music is the eleventh album by Classified, released in September 2006.	Hitch Hikin' Music	Classified
performer	``Ein Stern (...der deinen Namen trägt)'' (lit. ``A star (...which bears your name)'') is a song recorded by Austrian artist DJ Ötzi and Nik P. It was released in February 2007 as the lead single from the album, Sternstunden.	Ein Stern (...der deinen Namen trägt)	DJ Ötzi
performer	``Graceful World'' is a song by the Japanese J-pop group Every Little Thing, released as their nineteenth single on February 21, 2001.	Graceful World	Every Little Thing
performer	``I Get the Fever' is a 1966 single by Bill Anderson.	I Get the Fever	Bill Anderson
performer	All Systems Are Go was The Archers'' final return to Light Records.	All Systems Are Go	The Archers
performer	Raza de Traidores is the first album by Nepal.	Raza de Traidores	Nepal
performer	Cathedral Oceans (after 2003 also referred to as Cathedral Oceans I) is an album of ambient music by John Foxx, released in 1997.	Cathedral Oceans	John Foxx
performer	``Mighty Wings'' is a single by American rock band Cheap Trick, released in 1986 as the final single from the soundtrack of the film ``Top Gun''.	Mighty Wings	Cheap Trick
performer	Orquesta Reciclando is the eighth studio album recorded by Spanish rock group Jarabe de Palo released on May 15, 2009.	Orquesta Reciclando	Jarabe de Palo
performer	Power of the Blues is an album by Northern Irish blues guitarist and singer Gary Moore, released in 2004.	Power of the Blues	Gary Moore
performer	Blade of Triumph is the fourth full-length album by Danish power metal band Iron Fire.	Blade of Triumph	Iron Fire
performer	Disco Defenders is Alcazar's third and final studio album, which was released on 11 March 2009 in Sweden, and internationally in May 2009.	Disco Defenders	Alcazar
performer	Iron Mountain Depot is John Hartford's sixth and final album issued by RCA Victor.	Iron Mountain Depot	John Hartford
performer	``Turbo Lover'' is a single by heavy metal band Judas Priest, from the album Turbo.	Turbo Lover	Judas Priest
performer	``True...'' is the first single by Riyu Kosaka.	True...	Riyu Kosaka
performer	Scantropolis is the fifth full-length album by the speed metal band Scanner.	Scantropolis	Scanner
performer	No More Apologies is the fifth album from Irish rock band A House.	No More Apologies	A House
performer	Unleashed Memories is the second album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil.	Unleashed Memories	Lacuna Coil
performer	Ağlama Bebeğim is Ahmet Kaya's first album, released in 1985, but censored in Turkey shortly following the release.	Ağlama Bebeğim	Ahmet Kaya
performer	Indigo Nights is a live album by Prince, mainly comprising songs played live during some of the aftershows at the indigO2 night club in London in 2007.	Indigo Nights	Prince
performer	``C'est l'amour'' is a popular song recorded by Belgian band Léopold Nord & Vous.	C'est l'amour	Léopold Nord & Vous
performer	Duke's Big 4 is a studio album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington featuring a small group session with Joe Pass, Ray Brown and Louie Bellson recorded in January 1973 and released on the Pablo label in 1974.	Duke's Big 4	Duke Ellington
performer	Dulce Beat (Sweet Beat) is the second album from the Mexican electropop band Belanova.	Dulce Beat	Belanova
performer	``Harrowdown Hill'' is a song by Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke and is the eighth track on his 2006 album The Eraser.	Harrowdown Hill	Thom Yorke
performer	Strangely Beautiful is the fifth studio album by Swedish band Club 8.	Strangely Beautiful	Club 8
performer	The Great Rocksteady Swindle is the twelfth studio album from New York City ska band The Slackers.	The Great Rocksteady Swindle	The Slackers
performer	Mountain Battles is the fourth studio album by the American band The Breeders, released in April 2008.	Mountain Battles	The Breeders
performer	The World Needs a Hero is the ninth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth, released in May 2001 by Sanctuary Records.	The World Needs a Hero	Megadeth
performer	E.H. in the U.K. is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in England with prominent British rock musicians in 1973 and released on the Atlantic label.	E.H. in the U.K.	Eddie Harris
performer	Perils of the Deep Blue is the sixth full-length album by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia.	Perils of the Deep Blue	Sirenia
performer	15 Doors is the second studio album by Japanese pop duo Moumoon.	15 Doors	Moumoon
performer	You See Me is the second studio album by St. Louis rapper Murphy Lee.	You See Me	Murphy Lee
performer	``I Knew I Loved You'' is a song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden, released as the second single from their second studio album, Affirmation.	I Knew I Loved You	Savage Garden
performer	``Tiny Meat'' is the second single from the debut album Salt Peter by the trip hop/Industrial band Ruby.	Tiny Meat	Ruby
performer	Sketches of Spain is an album by Miles Davis, recorded between November 1959 and March 1960 at the Columbia 30th Street Studio in New York City.	Sketches of Spain	Miles Davis
performer	Sparkle and Fade is the second album by Everclear, released on May 23, 1995.	Sparkle and Fade	Everclear
performer	``Felt Good on My Lips'' is a song written by Brett Beavers, Jim Beavers, Brett Warren and Brad Warren, and was performed by American country music singer Tim McGraw.	Felt Good on My Lips	Tim McGraw
performer	``Watch Over You'' is a song by the American rock band Alter Bridge, featured on the band's second album Blackbird in 2007.	Watch Over You	Alter Bridge
performer	Der blaue Planet (German for The Blue Planet) is a 1982 hit by the East German band Karat.	Der blaue Planet	Karat
performer	Isolation Songs is the second studio album of the Finnish doom metal band Ghost Brigade.	Isolation Songs	Ghost Brigade
performer	``Music to Watch Girls By'' was the first Top 40 hit by Bob Crewe using his own name, recorded by his group The Bob Crewe Generation.	Music to Watch Girls By	Bob Crewe
performer	Furnished Souls for Rent is the second album released by Mourning Widows, a band led by former Extreme guitarist Nuno Bettencourt.	Furnished Souls for Rent	Mourning Widows
performer	Brush-fires of the Mind is the only album by Jon Schaffer's heavy metal solo-project Sons of Liberty.	Brush-fires of the Mind	Jon Schaffer
performer	School Girl Distortional Addict is the second studio album released by the Japanese indie band, Number Girl.	School Girl Distortional Addict	Number Girl
performer	``When I'm with You'' is a power ballad by Canadian arena rock band Sheriff.	When I'm with You	Sheriff
performer	Folila is the sixth studio album by Mali musicians Amadou & Mariam.	Folila	Amadou & Mariam
performer	The New Crystal Silence is a 2008 live Jazz album by Chick Corea and Gary Burton.	The New Crystal Silence	Chick Corea
performer	``J'ai demandé à la lune'' (``I asked the moon'' in English) is the most popular song from the 2002 album Paradize which allowed Indochine to reconnect with the media that had abandoned the band a decade earlier.	J'ai demandé à la lune	Indochine
performer	``Exceeder'' is an electro house single by Mason.	Exceeder	Mason
performer	The Sexorcist is the fourth studio album by American rapper Necro, released on August 2, 2005 by Psycho+Logical-Records.	The Sexorcist	Necro
performer	`` There Is So Much World to See'' is a film song by Elvis Presley.	There Is So Much World to See	Elvis Presley
performer	``Sä huudat'' is a song by Finnish rapper Cheek released as the first single from his ninth studio album Alpha Omega.	Sä huudat	Cheek
performer	Rite Time is Can's twelfth and last studio album, considered a reunion album because of the time elapsed since the band's previous album, Can, which had been released in 1979.	Rite Time	Can
performer	``Real Hardcore'' is a single by Neophyte who was released in the year 1998.	Real Hardcore	Neophyte
performer	``Mama, I'm Coming Home'' is the third song on the 1991 album No More Tears by the English heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne.	Mama, I'm Coming Home	Ozzy Osbourne
performer	Happy Days, Sweetheart was the 1993 debut and only album for Industrial music dance group Ethyl Meatplow.	Happy Days, Sweetheart	Ethyl Meatplow
performer	Work of Heart is the eleventh studio album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper and was first released in 1982.	Work of Heart	Roy Harper
performer	Beautiful Circle is the second album by Australian country music singer Sara Storer released in November 2002.	Beautiful Circle	Sara Storer
performer	``Never Be Your Woman'' is a song recorded by British producer Naughty Boy, featuring lead vocals from grime artist Wiley and British session recording artist Emeli Sandé.	Never Be Your Woman	Naughty Boy	Wiley	Emeli Sandé
performer	Denim and Leather is the fourth studio album by English heavy metal band Saxon released in 1981 (see 1981 in music).	Denim and Leather	Saxon
performer	Signs of a Misspent Youth is the fifth album from folk singer Gamble Rogers.	Signs of a Misspent Youth	Gamble Rogers
performer	Look Hear? is the seventh studio album by 10cc, released in 1980.	Look Hear?	10cc
performer	You Wanna Be There But You Don't Wanna Travel is the fourth album by Dave Graney 'n' the Coral Snakes (also seen as Dave Graney with the Coral Snakes).	You Wanna Be There But You Don't Wanna Travel	Dave Graney
performer	``Once Upon a Christmas Song'' was the second single by fictional character Geraldine McQueen from Britain's Got the Pop Factor..., a mock talent contest/comedy by British comedian Peter Kay who also plays Geraldine.	Once Upon a Christmas Song	Peter Kay
performer	Here I Am to Worship is an album of Christian music by singer-songwriter Tim Hughes.	Here I Am to Worship	Tim Hughes
performer	Framvegis Uttan Vit is an album released by the Faroese band MC-Hár in 1998.	Framvegis Uttan Vit	MC-Hár
performer	``Mr. Telephone Man'' is a song by New Edition, and the second single from their eponymous second album, New Edition.	Mr. Telephone Man	New Edition
performer	``New Age Girl'' is a song by alternative rock trio Deadeye Dick, from their debut album A Different Story and the soundtrack to the 1994 film Dumb and Dumber.	New Age Girl	Deadeye Dick
performer	``April Skies'' is a song by the Scottish alternative rock group The Jesus and Mary Chain and the first single from the group's album Darklands.	April Skies	The Jesus and Mary Chain
performer	``Stormwind'' is a 1984 single released by the Swedish heavy metal band Europe.	Stormwind	Europe
performer	``Decent Days and Nights'' is the 2nd single by The Futureheads from the album The Futureheads.	Decent Days and Nights	The Futureheads
performer	Distancias en Vivo is a live album from Puerto Rican singer Roy Brown.	Distancias en Vivo	Roy Brown
performer	Love & Other Bruises is the third studio album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply.	Love & Other Bruises	Air Supply
performer	Sadistic Symphony is the eighth album by American heavy metal band Vicious Rumors, released in 2001.	Sadistic Symphony	Vicious Rumors
performer	``Hallowed Be Thy Name'' is a song written by Steve Harris for the 1982 Iron Maiden album The Number of The Beast.	Hallowed Be Thy Name	Iron Maiden
performer	``No Good Advice'' is a song by British girl group Girls Aloud, taken from their debut album Sound of the Underground (2003).	No Good Advice	Girls Aloud
performer	Seminole Wind is a studio album released in 1992 by American country music artist John Anderson.	Seminole Wind	John Anderson
performer	Corner of an Endless Road is the second studio album by independent Australian singer-songwriter Lior, released in February 2008.	Corner of an Endless Road	Lior
performer	Payment of Existence is the third studio album by the Norwegian progressive/power metal band Communic.	Payment of Existence	Communic
performer	Take as Needed for Pain is the second album by American sludge metal band Eyehategod, released on November 22, 1993.	Take as Needed for Pain	Eyehategod
performer	Dead American Radio is a studio album by US-punk-band Left Alone, released in 2006.	Dead American Radio	Left Alone
performer	Miroir is the fourth studio album by French Canadian singer Marie-Mai.	Miroir	Marie-Mai
performer	Rise Them Up is reggae, dancehall artist Capleton's fifteenth studio album, released on May 15, 2007.	Rise Them Up	Capleton
performer	Heaven Deconstruction is an experimental instrumental album by The Young Gods.	Heaven Deconstruction	The Young Gods
performer	``Mona (I Need You Baby)'' is a song written by Elias McDaniel (real name of Bo Diddley) and was the B-side to his 1957 single, ``Hey!	Mona (I Need You Baby)	Bo Diddley
performer	Ready for Freddie is the fourth album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and was released on the Blue Note label in 1962 as BLP 4085 and BST 84085.	Ready for Freddie	Freddie Hubbard
performer	SóNós (English: UsAlone) is the second solo album by Kid Abelha lead singer Paula Toller, released by Warner Music Brasil on June 28, 2007.	SóNós	Paula Toller
performer	``The Journey's End'' is a song by English band Strawbs written by Dave Cousins and Blue Weaver.	The Journey's End	Strawbs
performer	Legend of the Black Shawarma is the seventh studio album by psychedelic trance duo Infected Mushroom released on 8 September 2009.	Legend of the Black Shawarma	Infected Mushroom
performer	Each Breath Haunted is the second full-length album from New Jersey, U.S. hardcore punk band, The Banner.	Each Breath Haunted	The Banner
performer	``Femme libérée'' is a successful song recorded by French band Cookie Dingler.	Femme libérée	Cookie Dingler
performer	``Untitled (How Could This Happen to Me?)'' is a song by Canadian pop punk group Simple Plan.	Untitled (How Could This Happen to Me?)	Simple Plan
performer	Houses of the Molé is the ninth studio album by industrial metal band Ministry.	Houses of the Molé	Ministry
performer	``Up on the Catwalk'' was the third single to be released from Sparkle in the Rain, the sixth studio album by Simple Minds.	Up on the Catwalk	Simple Minds
performer	Teimo is the second solo album from German Ambient music producer, Thomas Köner.	Teimo	Thomas Köner
performer	Jurang Pemisah ((ˈdʒuraŋ pəˈmisah); English: Dividing Canyon) is an Indonesian pop album recorded by Chrisye in 1977.	Jurang Pemisah	Chrisye
performer	``Mi Rowsu'' is a song written and performed by Surinamese singer Damaru.	Mi Rowsu	Damaru
performer	American Porn Songs is the sixth studio album by the industrial metal band 16Volt.	American Porn Songs	16Volt
performer	Puzzle Shock! is the second studio album by the Serbian hip-hop artist Marčelo.	Puzzle Shock!	Marčelo
performer	The Tokyo Blues is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1962, featuring performances by Silver with Blue Mitchell, Junior Cook, Gene Taylor, and John Harris Jr. The Allmusic review awarded the album 4 stars.	The Tokyo Blues	Horace Silver
performer	Vampires Stole My Lunch Money is a 1978 album by the UK underground artist Mick Farren.	Vampires Stole My Lunch Money	Mick Farren
performer	Somethin' Serious is the 1994 debut album by rapper Big Mike.	Somethin' Serious	Big Mike
performer	Blue Eyes and Exit Wounds is a spoken word/poetry album by Nick Tosches and Hubert Selby, Jr.	Blue Eyes and Exit Wounds	Nick Tosches
performer	Killing Technology is the third album from Canadian heavy metal band Voivod.	Killing Technology	Voivod
performer	``Disco Infiltrator'' is a song from the eponymous debut album by LCD Soundsystem.	Disco Infiltrator	LCD Soundsystem
performer	Run to the Light was the third studio album by the American doom metal band Trouble, released on July 15, 1987.	Run to the Light	Trouble
performer	Telescape is the fifty-third studio album by guitarist Buckethead, and the twenty-third installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.	Telescape	Buckethead
performer	Víctimas del Vaciamiento is a heavy metal album by Argentine band Hermética, produced in 1994 by Trípoli Discos.	Víctimas del Vaciamiento	Hermética
performer	``Everybody in the Place'' is the second official single released by the British electronic dance band The Prodigy from their debut album ``Experience'' The ``Fairground Remix'' version is featured on the single.	Everybody in the Place	The Prodigy
performer	``Famous in a Small Town'' is a song written by Travis Howard and co-written and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert.	Famous in a Small Town	Miranda Lambert
performer	Idir an Dá Sholas (Between Both Lights) is a music album by Irish musicians Maighread Ní Dhomhnaill, Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill and Dónal Lunny.	Idir an Dá Sholas	Maighread Ní Dhomhnaill	Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill	Dónal Lunny
performer	The Painted Side of the Rocket is the third album by the English indie pop band Fosca.	The Painted Side of the Rocket	Fosca
performer	Valhalla Dancehall is a studio album from the Brighton-based indie rock band British Sea Power.	Valhalla Dancehall	British Sea Power
performer	Vansinnesvisor is the name of the fourth album by the Viking metal band Thyrfing.	Vansinnesvisor	Thyrfing
performer	``Nobody Wants to Be Lonely'' is the second single from Ricky Martin's second English album, Sound Loaded, released on January 9, 2001.	Nobody Wants to Be Lonely	Ricky Martin
performer	Other Planes of There is an album by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra.	Other Planes of There	Sun Ra
performer	Ordinary Average Guy is the ninth solo studio album by the American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Joe Walsh.	Ordinary Average Guy	Joe Walsh
performer	Wrap Around Joy is a 1974 album by American singer-songwriter Carole King.	Wrap Around Joy	Carole King
performer	``Hard to Say I'm Sorry'' is a song by American rock group Chicago.	Hard to Say I'm Sorry	Chicago
performer	You Want Some of This? is the debut album by Canadian comedy musician and Internet celebrity Jon Lajoie.	You Want Some of This?	Jon Lajoie
performer	The Whole Truth about the Children of '78 (Greek: Όλη η Αλήθεια για τα Παιδιά του '78) is the third ``proper'' Kore. Ydro.	The Whole Truth about the Children of '78	Kore. Ydro
performer	Hideous and Perfect is third studio album by Australian electro-industrial band Angelspit.	Hideous and Perfect	Angelspit
performer	Millésimes (stylized as MillésimeS) is a compilation album by Pascal Obispo, released on 7 January 2013.	Millésimes	Pascal Obispo
performer	Chansons Pour Toutes Sortes de Monde is a 1990 album by Canadian songwriter Plume Latraverse.	Chansons Pour Toutes Sortes de Monde	Plume Latraverse
performer	``Is Anybody Home?'' is a song by Canadian Alternative rock band Our Lady Peace, and was the second single released from their third album, Happiness...	Is Anybody Home?	Our Lady Peace
performer	Envenom is the eighth album by Runemagick.	Envenom	Runemagick
performer	``Unnamed World'' is a CD single by Japanese singer and voice actress Aya Hirano.	Unnamed World	Aya Hirano
performer	``Hi-Heel Sneakers'' (often also spelled ``High Heel Sneakers'') is a blues song recorded by Tommy Tucker in 1963.	Hi-Heel Sneakers	Tommy Tucker
performer	``Oh Very Young'' is a song composed by Cat Stevens.	Oh Very Young	Cat Stevens
performer	``I Just Wanna Know'' is the debut single written & produced by British R&B singer-songwriter Taio Cruz, and the first from his debut album Departure, which would be released a year and a half after this single.	I Just Wanna Know	Taio Cruz
performer	Still Ignorant is a live album, and the final recording from Arizona thrash metal band, Sacred Reich.	Still Ignorant	Sacred Reich
performer	``Nichts bleibt für die Ewigkeit'' (Nothing remains for eternity) is a song by Die Toten Hosen.	Nichts bleibt für die Ewigkeit	Die Toten Hosen
performer	``On est tous des imbéciles'' (English: ``We Are All Fools'') is a 1984 song recorded by French artist Mylène Farmer.	On est tous des imbéciles	Mylène Farmer
performer	``Do You Want To'' is the lead single for Franz Ferdinand's second album, You Could Have It So Much Better.	Do You Want To	Franz Ferdinand
performer	Inner Wastelands is the debut studio album released by the Italian gothic rock band Dakrua.	Inner Wastelands	Dakrua
performer	The Ever Passing Moment is the fifth studio album by rock band MxPx, released on May 16, 2000.	The Ever Passing Moment	MxPx
performer	``Baby It's Christmas'' is a song recorded by British girl group Bananarama, released on 13 December 2010 as a digital EP in the UK and most European territories.	Baby It's Christmas	Bananarama
performer	Find My Keys and We'll Drive Out! is a comedy album by The Bob & Tom Show, which was first released in May 1990.	Find My Keys and We'll Drive Out!	The Bob & Tom Show
performer	Better Questions is a Christian rock album by Todd Agnew.	Better Questions	Todd Agnew
performer	``Vater Unser Part II (Psalm 23)'' (ger. ``Father of Ours Part II (Psalm 23)'') is the eighth single released by the German music project E Nomine, and appears on the 2004 album Das Beste aus...	Vater Unser Part II (Psalm 23)	E Nomine
performer	``Always the Pretenders'' is a 2006 single released by the Swedish rock band Europe.	Always the Pretenders	Europe
performer	Craccracriccrecr is a 1999 studio album by Italian rock band Elio e le Storie Tese.	Craccracriccrecr	Elio e le Storie Tese
performer	You Caught Me Out is the second studio album by singer-actress-comedian, Tracey Ullman.	You Caught Me Out	Tracey Ullman
performer	Along the Road is an album by Susan Ashton, Margaret Becker, and Out of the Grey's Christine Denté, released in 1994.	Along the Road	Susan Ashton
performer	``Friend of the Night'' is a song by Glaswegian post-rock band, Mogwai from their 2006 album, Mr. Beast.	Friend of the Night	Mogwai
performer	``When Will I See Your Face Again'' was the first single from the Jamie Scott And The Town album Park Bench Theories.	When Will I See Your Face Again	Jamie Scott
performer	Kaleidoscope Superior is the major label debut by Earthsuit.	Kaleidoscope Superior	Earthsuit
performer	``Circle in the Sand'' is a song recorded by Belinda Carlisle and released in 1988 from her album Heaven on Earth.	Circle in the Sand	Belinda Carlisle
performer	No Tolerance for Imperfection is the third album by Scottish technical death metal band Man Must Die.	No Tolerance for Imperfection	Man Must Die
performer	From Start to Finish is the 2005 album by Haystak, released by Koch Records.	From Start to Finish	Haystak
performer	From Here You'll Watch the World Go By is 1995 album by The Legendary Pink Dots.	From Here You'll Watch the World Go By	The Legendary Pink Dots
performer	Sueños en tránsito (Spanish: Dreams in traffic) is the third studio album by recording artist Nicole.	Sueños en tránsito	Nicole
performer	Folk singer Judy Collins, who knew the song before she could remember learning it, witnessed Fannie Lou Hamer leading marchers in Mississippi in 1964, singing ``Amazing Grace''.	Amazing Grace	Judy Collins
performer	``All the Fools Sailed Away'' is the eleventh single released by heavy metal band Dio, appearing as the fourth track on their 1987 LP, Dream Evil.	All the Fools Sailed Away	Dio
performer	Hey Na Na is the ninth studio album by Brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso.	Hey Na Na	Os Paralamas do Sucesso
performer	The Sound of Surprise is an album by Bill Bruford's Earthworks.	The Sound of Surprise	Earthworks
performer	You Receive Me is a song by the Danish dance-pop duo Infernal.	You Receive Me	Infernal
performer	Julie Ruin is the independent record produced by Kathleen Hanna under the name Julie Ruin in 1997, while taking a break from Bikini Kill.	Julie Ruin	Kathleen Hanna
performer	``Preživjet ću'' (English translation: I Will Survive) is a pop song by the Croatian singer Ana Bebić, released as her debut single on 5 January 2009.	Preživjet ću	Ana Bebić
performer	``Somnambulist (Simply Being Loved)'' is a song by Brian Transeau, better known as BT, that was released as a single on March 20, 2003.	Somnambulist (Simply Being Loved)	BT
performer	``And the Healing Has Begun'' is a song written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison and recorded on his 1979 album, Into the Music.	And the Healing Has Begun	Van Morrison
performer	Jump on It! is the fifth album by rap group The Sugarhill Gang.	Jump on It!	The Sugarhill Gang
performer	``Never Make a Promise'' is a number-one R&B song by group Dru Hill, released in 1997.	Never Make a Promise	Dru Hill
performer	``Thoia Thoing'' is an R&B single by R. Kelly from his 2003 album The R. in R&B Collection, Vol. 1.	Thoia Thoing	R. Kelly
performer	Reminiscience is the fourth album released by the Norwegian electronica project Ugress.	Reminiscience	Ugress
performer	01:59PM is the first studio album by South Korean boy band, 2PM.	01:59PM	2PM
performer	``Cat Daddy'' is a 2011 song by American Hip hop group The Rej3ctz.	Cat Daddy	The Rej3ctz
performer	Teche voda is a studio album by Sofia Rotaru, recorded at Franchising records in Ukraine.	Teche voda	Sofia Rotaru
performer	I Knew Jesus (Before He Was a Star) is the 24th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1973.	I Knew Jesus (Before He Was a Star)	Glen Campbell
performer	The 50th Anniversary Collection 1964 is the third Bob Dylan collection released by Sony Music to prevent the recordings from legally entering the public domain in Europe.	The 50th Anniversary Collection 1964	Bob Dylan
performer	Standing in the Light is the fourth studio album released by the British jazz-funk band Level 42.	Standing in the Light	Level 42
performer	``Never Let Me Down Again'' is Depeche Mode's nineteenth UK single, released on 24 August 1987, and the second single for the then upcoming album Music for the Masses.	Never Let Me Down Again	Depeche Mode
performer	The Sound the Speed the Light is the fourth album by American post-punk band Mission of Burma, and the third album recorded since their 19-year hiatus.	The Sound the Speed the Light	Mission of Burma
performer	``It Ain't Gonna Be Easy'' is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Gary Osborne.	It Ain't Gonna Be Easy	Elton John
performer	Steady Diet of Nothing is the second full-length studio album by American post-hardcore band Fugazi, released in July, 1991.	Steady Diet of Nothing	Fugazi
performer	Every Given Moment is the second and final album by Hard rock band Stereomud.	Every Given Moment	Stereomud
performer	``Dear Summer'' is the third and final single from Memphis Bleek's fourth album, 534.	Dear Summer	Memphis Bleek
performer	What Burns Never Returns is the third album by Don Caballero, a Pittsburgh-based math rock band.	What Burns Never Returns	Don Caballero
performer	Half Fiction is the second studio album by punk band Discount released on kat records in 1997 and is their most notable album.	Half Fiction	Discount
performer	The Rush is a song by American recording R&B artist Luther Vandross', released as the third single from his 1991 album Power of Love.	The Rush	Luther Vandross
performer	Flying Cowboys is an album by Rickie Lee Jones, released in September 1989 and produced by Walter Becker of Steely Dan.	Flying Cowboys	Rickie Lee Jones
performer	Live at the Palace 2008 was the first DVD release from rock band Three Days Grace.	Live at the Palace 2008	Three Days Grace
performer	Autumn Sky is the eighth studio album by the group Blackmore's Night.	Autumn Sky	Blackmore's Night
performer	``Build God, Then We'll Talk'' is the fifth and final official single from Panic! at the Disco's 2005 album A Fever You Can't Sweat Out, including the radio-only single ``The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage''.	Build God, Then We'll Talk	Panic! at the Disco
performer	Izitso is the tenth studio album released by the British singer-songwriter Cat Stevens (now Yusuf Islam) in April 1977.	Izitso	Cat Stevens
performer	Will You Visit Me on Sunday? was the 1970 country music studio album released by George Jones in May 1970.	Will You Visit Me on Sunday?	George Jones
performer	Let's Get Wet is Raymond Lam's third album, released on 15 June 2009.	Let's Get Wet	Raymond Lam
performer	Nymphetamine is the sixth studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth.	Nymphetamine	Cradle of Filth
performer	Forever, John is a compilation album of previously unreleased songs and alternate takes recorded 1969--1980 by American singer-songwriter John Denver.	Forever, John	John Denver
performer	Extreme Aggression is the fourth studio album by German thrash metal band Kreator released in 1989.	Extreme Aggression	Kreator
performer	``6 of 1 Thing'' is the third single from Craig David's fourth album Trust Me and was released in the UK on 17 February 2008.	6 of 1 Thing	Craig David
performer	``(Mama) He Treats Your Daughter Mean'' is a 1953 song recorded by Ruth Brown, and written by Johnny Wallace and Herbert J. Lance.	(Mama) He Treats Your Daughter Mean	Ruth Brown
performer	Way Beyond Blue is the debut album by Welsh band Catatonia.	Way Beyond Blue	Catatonia
performer	``Cater 2 U'' is a song by American recording group Destiny's Child, taken from their fourth studio album Destiny Fulfilled (2004).	Cater 2 U	Destiny's Child
performer	``Pimpin' All Over the World'' is a song by American rapper Ludacris featuring singer Bobby V. It was released in June 2005 as the fourth and final single from the album The Red Light District and was produced by Polow da Don and Donnie Scantz.	Pimpin' All Over the World	Ludacris
performer	Promise and Terror is the fifth studio album by English heavy metal band Blaze Bayley, released in 2010.	Promise and Terror	Blaze Bayley
performer	Eatin' Dust is the fifth studio album from stoner rock band Fu Manchu, released on February 19, 1999 on the now defunct Man's Ruin label.	Eatin' Dust	Fu Manchu
performer	``Crazy Horses'' is a 1972 hit by The Osmonds reaching number 14 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 2 in the UK Singles Chart.	Crazy Horses	The Osmonds
performer	Chants et contes de Noël (meaning Christmas Songs and Tales) is a French Christmas album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released in Quebec, Canada on 5 December 1983.	Chants et contes de Noël	Celine Dion
performer	Red 13 is the first EP by the rock band Journey.	Red 13	Journey
performer	Tragic Daydreams is the debut album of Australian songwriter Mandy Kane.	Tragic Daydreams	Mandy Kane
performer	``Prison Break Anthem (Ich glaub' an dich)'' is a hit song by German hip-hop artist Azad and Adel Tawil, singer of Ich + Ich.	Prison Break Anthem (Ich glaub' an dich)	Azad	Adel Tawil
performer	``Shadow Days'' is the lead single from American singer John Mayer's fifth studio album Born and Raised.	Shadow Days	John Mayer
performer	``This One Eats Souls'' is a single by The Blackeyed Susans, released in July 1994.	This One Eats Souls	The Blackeyed Susans
performer	``All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight'' is a song written and recorded by American country music performer Hank Williams, Jr..	All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight	Hank Williams, Jr.
performer	``Shy Guy'' is a song by Jamaican recording artist and songwriter Diana King, for the movie soundtrack album Bad Boys and her debut studio album Tougher Than Love (1995).	Shy Guy	Diana King
performer	``Suojatiellä'' (in English, ``On the Pedestrian Crossing'') is a song by Finnish recording artist Maija Vilkkumaa, released by Warner Music Finland for airplay on June 13, 2008, and digitally on June 16, as the first single from her fifth studio album Superpallo.	Suojatiellä	Maija Vilkkumaa
performer	Mise à jour is the fourth studio album by French singer M. Pokora, released on August 23, 2010.	Mise à jour	M. Pokora
performer	Byrd in Flight is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded in 1960 and released on the Blue Note label as BLP 4048 and BST 84048 featuring Byrd with Jackie McLean or Hank Mobley, Duke Pearson, Doug Watkins or Reggie Workman and Lex Humphries.	Byrd in Flight	Donald Byrd
performer	``Why Don't You Get a Job?'' is a ska punk song by The Offspring.	Why Don't You Get a Job?	The Offspring
performer	N° 2 is the second album by French musician Serge Gainsbourg, released in 1959.	N° 2	Serge Gainsbourg
performer	U Zaboravu is the second Serbo-Croatian studio album by Macedonian pop musician, Karolina Gočeva which was released in Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia & Herzegovina and in Croatia.	U Zaboravu	Karolina Gočeva
performer	Homage to My Heroes is the tenth solo album by jazz pianist Mike Garson, and was released in 2003.	Homage to My Heroes	Mike Garson
performer	``Can U Dig It?'' is a popular single by British band Pop Will Eat Itself, released in 1989 from the band's second album This Is the Day...	Can U Dig It?	Pop Will Eat Itself
performer	``The Saga Begins'' is a parody song by ``Weird Al'' Yankovic of ``American Pie'' by Don McLean, with lyrics that humorously summarize the plot of the film Star Wars Episode I:	The Saga Begins	Weird Al'' Yankovic
performer	``Parti pour zouker'' is the name of a 2006 song recorded by the French artist Lorie.	Parti pour zouker	Lorie
performer	``Strange Currencies'' is a song by R.E.M..	Strange Currencies	R.E.M.
performer	Synkronized is the fourth studio album released by funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai.	Synkronized	Jamiroquai
performer	Hefty Fine is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Bloodhound Gang, released on September 27, 2005.	Hefty Fine	Bloodhound Gang
performer	Rip Open the Skies is the last independent album from Christian rock band Remedy Drive.	Rip Open the Skies	Remedy Drive
performer	``That Beats My Patience'' is a non-charted song by British group Freeez from album ``Idle Vice'', released by Beggars Banquet Records.	That Beats My Patience	Freeez
performer	Physical Graffiti is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, released as a double album on 24 February 1975.	Physical Graffiti	Led Zeppelin
performer	More Deep Cuts is the second album from American indie rock band Thee More Shallows.	More Deep Cuts	Thee More Shallows
performer	Colour by Numbers is the second album by the British new wave band Culture Club, released in October 1983.	Colour by Numbers	Culture Club
performer	Ukon Wacka is the seventh studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Korpiklaani.	Ukon Wacka	Korpiklaani
performer	Horsebreaker Star is the third solo album by Grant McLennan, a member of The Go-Betweens.	Horsebreaker Star	Grant McLennan
performer	``Fight for You'' is a song performed by American recording artist Jason Derulo, released as the fourth single from his second studio album, Future History, on December 2, 2011.	Fight for You	Jason Derulo
performer	``Out from Under'' is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears, taken from her sixth studio album, Circus (2008).	Out from Under	Britney Spears
performer	Dances of Death (and Other Walking Shadows) is the fourth album from progressive thrash metal band Mekong Delta, released in 1990.	Dances of Death (and Other Walking Shadows)	Mekong Delta
performer	``Anna Molly'' (pronounced like the word ``anomaly'' when sung as word play) is the lead single from Incubus's sixth album, Light Grenades.	Anna Molly	Incubus
performer	REMIXXXX is an album by You Say Party (formerly You Say Party! We Say Die!), released on September 21, 2010 by Paper Bag Digital.	REMIXXXX	You Say Party
performer	Emotions in Motion is the third album by Rock musician Billy Squier.	Emotions in Motion	Billy Squier
performer	Soul Box is the third album by American saxophonist Grover Washington, Jr..	Soul Box	Grover Washington
performer	``Sherri, Don't Fail Me Now!'' is a single released by the British Rock band Status Quo in 1994.	Sherri, Don't Fail Me Now!	Status Quo
performer	``Together We Are One'' is a pop song written by Guy Chambers, Delta Goodrem and Brian McFadden, produced by Guy Chambers and Richard Flack for the album Commonwealth Games:	Together We Are One	Delta Goodrem
performer	Ximerose (Greek: Ξημέρωσε; English: It has dawned) is a studio album by Greek artist Glykeria.	Ximerose	Glykeria
performer	``My Only'' is a song from Goodnight Nurse's debut studio album, Always and Never.	My Only	Goodnight Nurse
performer	Reservations for Two is an out-of-print album by Dionne Warwick, her eighth for the Arista label.	Reservations for Two	Dionne Warwick
performer	Burning Sosobra is an album that was released by Floater in 2000.	Burning Sosobra	Floater
performer	California Years is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Jill Sobule, released on April 14, 2009 on Sobule's own label, Pinko Records.	California Years	Jill Sobule
performer	``Anything but Mine'' is a song written by Scooter Carusoe and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney.	Anything but Mine	Kenny Chesney
performer	Night of the Blade is the second studio album released by the British heavy metal band Tokyo Blade on Powerstation Records in 1984.	Night of the Blade	Tokyo Blade
performer	``L'Italiano (Lasciatemi Cantare)'' (commonly known as ``L'Italiano'') is an Italian pop song by Toto Cutugno released 1983.	L'Italiano	Toto Cutugno
performer	Hood Environment is the third studio album by rapper Drag-On, released on September 4, 2007 for T.R.U.S.T. Family.	Hood Environment	Drag-On
performer	Intimate Connection is the sixth album by American New York City based Kleeer.	Intimate Connection	Kleeer
performer	``Too Lost in You'' is a song by English girl group Sugababes, from their third studio album Three (2003).	Too Lost in You	Sugababes
performer	Bird 'n' Roll is the seventh studio album by the French rock band Dionysos, released 26 March 2012.	Bird 'n' Roll	Dionysos
performer	Duke Elegant is a 1999 studio album by New Orleans keyboard player and vocalist Dr. John.	Duke Elegant	Dr. John
performer	Mirror of Souls is the second album by Christian progressive/power metal band Theocracy.	Mirror of Souls	Theocracy
performer	The Melody at Night, with You is a solo album by American pianist Keith Jarrett recorded at his home studio in 1998 and released on the ECM label in 1999.	The Melody at Night, with You	Keith Jarrett
performer	With Windmills Turning Wrong Directions is the only full-length release by British punk rock band NoComply.	With Windmills Turning Wrong Directions	NoComply
performer	Rubbed Out is the first solo album by the leader of British indie electronic band Hot Chip, Alexis Taylor.	Rubbed Out	Alexis Taylor
performer	``Straight Through My Heart'' is a song performed by American band Backstreet Boys.	Straight Through My Heart	Backstreet Boys
performer	Get What You Need is a 2003 studio album by Northern Irish power pop/punk rock band The Undertones.	Get What You Need	The Undertones
performer	Award-Winning Drummer (also released as Max Roach) is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach featuring a session recorded in 1958 and released on the Time label.	Award-Winning Drummer	Max Roach
performer	``Bad Luck Charm'' is the first single released from the album, Magic Recoveries, by post-hardcore Finnish band, Disco Ensemble.	Bad Luck Charm	Disco Ensemble
performer	Queen of the New Year is the fifth and final single from the album When the World Knows Your Name by the Scottish rock band Deacon Blue.	Queen of the New Year	Deacon Blue
performer	To a Finland Station is an album by trumpeters Dizzy Gillespie and Arturo Sandoval recorded in 1982 and released on the Pablo label.	To a Finland Station	Dizzy Gillespie
performer	Heart Like a Sky is a studio album by the sophisti-pop band Spandau Ballet.	Heart Like a Sky	Spandau Ballet
performer	``Ain't 2 Proud 2 Beg'' is a song by American Hip hop and R&B group TLC from their debut album, Ooooooohhh...	Ain't 2 Proud 2 Beg	TLC
performer	Born of the Night was the second album of the band Midnight Syndicate, released in 1998, and is out of print.	Born of the Night	Midnight Syndicate
performer	Hellbilly Deluxe 2 (released with the subtitle Noble Jackals, Penny Dreadfuls and the Systematic Dehumanization of Cool) is the fourth solo studio album by former White Zombie frontman Rob Zombie.	Hellbilly Deluxe 2	Rob Zombie
performer	Showroom of Compassion is the sixth full-length studio album from the band Cake, which was released on January 11, 2011.	Showroom of Compassion	Cake
performer	``Sing a Simple Song'' is a 1968 song by the soul/rock/funk band Sly and the Family Stone, the b-side to their #1 hit ``Everyday People''.	Sing a Simple Song	Sly and the Family Stone
performer	Brain as Hamenoodle is an album by Buckethead and Brain, was expected to be released on October 15, 2010 but was released 2 days before the announced date.	Brain as Hamenoodle	Buckethead
performer	Dimension Hatröss is the fourth album from the Canadian heavy metal band Voivod.	Dimension Hatröss	Voivod
performer	Ride 'Til I Die is an album by George Thorogood & The Destroyers.	Ride 'Til I Die	George Thorogood
performer	``Love Me Harder'' is a song recorded by American singer Ariana Grande and Canadian singer The Weeknd.	Love Me Harder	Ariana Grande	The Weeknd
performer	Jazz Spectacular is Frankie Laine's fifteenth 12`` long-play album, recorded and originally released in 1955.	Jazz Spectacular	Frankie Laine
performer	Arrivederci, mostro! is the tenth studio album by Italian rock singer-songwriter Luciano Ligabue.	Arrivederci, mostro!	Luciano Ligabue
performer	El Amor de Mi Tierra is the ninth album by Colombian singer/composer Carlos Vives released on October 19, 1999.	El Amor de Mi Tierra	Carlos Vives
performer	The Cosmic Scene is an album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington featuring a nonet credited as ``Duke Ellington's Spacemen'' recorded and released on the Columbia label in 1958.	The Cosmic Scene	Duke Ellington
performer	``If I Could Fly'' is a song and single made by German power metal band Helloween, from their album The Dark Ride.	If I Could Fly	Helloween
performer	Storia di un minuto is the first album of the Italian progressive rock band Premiata Forneria Marconi.	Storia di un minuto	Premiata Forneria Marconi
performer	``Gimme Some Slack'' is a song by the American rock band The Cars from the album Panorama.	Gimme Some Slack	The Cars
performer	Placer Found is the first full-length recording by American band Early Day Miners.	Placer Found	Early Day Miners
performer	Nordland I is the eleventh studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory.	Nordland I	Bathory
performer	``Summer in the City'' is a song recorded by The Lovin' Spoonful, written by John Sebastian, Mark Sebastian and Steve Boone.	Summer in the City	The Lovin' Spoonful
performer	We Still Have The Stars is the second album by The Resonance Association, and was released via their own label mrsvee recordings in November 2008 as both a free download and heavyweight vinyl.	We Still Have The Stars	The Resonance Association
performer	``Uncle Sam Goddamn'' is the second single from Brother Ali's second full-length album The Undisputed Truth.	Uncle Sam Goddamn	Brother Ali
performer	``Nothin' New Under the Moon'' is a song written Tom Shapiro, Josh Leo and Rick Bowles, and recorded by American country music artist LeAnn Rimes.	Nothin' New Under the Moon	LeAnn Rimes
performer	Holiday '80 is an EP released by the original line-up of the British synthpop band The Human League.	Holiday '80	The Human League
performer	War Crime Blues is the eleventh album by singer-songwriter and guitarist, Chris Whitley.	War Crime Blues	Chris Whitley
performer	``A Great Day for Freedom'' is a song by Pink Floyd from their 1994 album, The Division Bell.	A Great Day for Freedom	Pink Floyd
performer	Cross Purposes is the seventeenth studio album by English rock band Black Sabbath, released in January 1994.	Cross Purposes	Black Sabbath
performer	``I'll Be Your Light'' served as the fourth and final single from Kristine W's third official album, Fly Again.	I'll Be Your Light	Kristine W
performer	Another Page is Christopher Cross' second studio album, recorded in 1982 and released in early 1983.	Another Page	Christopher Cross
performer	He's the DJ, I'm the Rapper is the second studio album by hip hop duo DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince.	He's the DJ, I'm the Rapper	DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince
performer	Luminessence is an album composed by American pianist Keith Jarrett featuring saxophonist Jan Garbarek and the Südfunk-Sinfonieorchester conducted by Mladen Gutesha which was released on the ECM label in 1975.	Luminessence	Keith Jarrett
performer	Melody Cruise is Slipping Stitches first full length release.	Melody Cruise	Slipping Stitches
performer	``Keep Ya Head Up'' is a 1993 hit single by Tupac Shakur.	Keep Ya Head Up	Tupac Shakur
performer	``The Irish Keep Gate-crashing'' is the third and final single from the album Let's Bottle Bohemia by Irish alternative rock band The Thrills.	The Irish Keep Gate-crashing	The Thrills
performer	Meta-Historical is a collaboration album between veteran MC KRS-One and Wu-Tang Clan affiliated producer True Master.	Meta-Historical	KRS-One
performer	Songs for Drella is a concept album by Lou Reed and John Cale, both formerly of the Velvet Underground, and is dedicated to the memory of Andy Warhol, their mentor, who had died unexpectedly in 1987.	Songs for Drella	Lou Reed	John Cale
performer	Ta det lugnt (``Take It Easy'') is the third album by the Swedish psychedelic rock group Dungen.	Ta det lugnt	Dungen
performer	``Jesus and Mama'' is a song written by Danny ``Bear'' Mayo and James Dean Hicks, and recorded by the American country music band Confederate Railroad.	Jesus and Mama	Confederate Railroad
performer	Violent by Nature was the second and final album from Arizona thrash metal band, Atrophy.	Violent by Nature	Atrophy
performer	``Euro-Vision'' was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in French by Telex.	Euro-Vision	Telex
performer	Propellor Time is the eighteenth studio album by Robyn Hitchcock, recorded and released with Peter Buck of R.E.M., Scott McCaughey of Young Fresh Fellows and Bill Rieflin of Ministry and R.E.M., who are billed collectively as The Venus 3 in 2010.	Propellor Time	Robyn Hitchcock
performer	You Are Freaking Me Out is the fifth album from the American band, Samiam.	You Are Freaking Me Out	Samiam
performer	The Day Finger Pickers Took Over the World is an album by US guitar player Chet Atkins with Australian guitarist Tommy Emmanuel.	The Day Finger Pickers Took Over the World	Chet Atkins
performer	``The Last Garrison'' is the first single taken from the fourth studio album by British rock band Enter Shikari, The Mindsweep.	The Last Garrison	Enter Shikari
performer	``Let's Hear It for the Boy'' was the second number-one song for Deniece Williams and appeared on the soundtrack to the feature film Footloose.	Let's Hear It for the Boy	Deniece Williams
performer	Iter Facere is the first album from the band Pilotdrift.	Iter Facere	Pilotdrift
performer	Time for Tyner is the ninth album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner and his third released on the Blue Note label.	Time for Tyner	McCoy Tyner
performer	``Show Stopper'' is a song by American girl group Danity Kane from their 2006 self-titled debut album of the same name.	Show Stopper	Danity Kane
performer	L.A. Jail is a 1976 album release by Richard Pryor.	L.A. Jail	Richard Pryor
performer	``Killer on the Loose'' is a song by the Irish rock band Thin Lizzy, written by Phil Lynott, released as a single in September 1980.	Killer on the Loose	Thin Lizzy
performer	Louis and the Angels is a 1957 studio album by Louis Armstrong, of songs that refer to angels.	Louis and the Angels	Louis Armstrong
performer	``853-5937'' written by Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford, was the fourth UK single and the second US single released from Squeeze's seventh album, Babylon and On.	853-5937	Squeeze
performer	Firin' in Fouta is an album by Senegalese singer Baaba Maal.	Firin' in Fouta	Baaba Maal
performer	Telekon is the fourth studio album (and second album under his own name) by British musician Gary Numan.	Telekon	Gary Numan
performer	The Death Defying Unicorn is the fifteenth full-length studio album by the Norwegian band Motorpsycho, released on February 10, 2012, via Rune Grammofon and Stickman Records.	The Death Defying Unicorn	Motorpsycho
performer	``Matilda Mother'' is a song by British psychedelic rock band Pink Floyd, featured on their 1967 debut album, The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.	Matilda Mother	Pink Floyd
performer	``Love in a Peaceful World'' is a song released in 1994 by the British musical group Level 42, from their final studio album of the decade, Forever Now.	Love in a Peaceful World	Level 42
performer	``Uneasy Rider'' is a 1973 song written and performed by American singer and multi-instrumentalist Charlie Daniels.	Uneasy Rider	Charlie Daniels
performer	``Futuristic Love (Elroy)'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Yung L.A..	Futuristic Love (Elroy)	Yung L.A.
performer	All Harm Ends Here is the fourth full length recording by American indie rock band Early Day Miners.	All Harm Ends Here	Early Day Miners
performer	``You're the Reason God Made Oklahoma'' is a 1981 single from the film Any Which Way You Can, performed by David Frizzell and Shelly West.	You're the Reason God Made Oklahoma	David Frizzell	Shelly West
performer	Menteur is the second album of the French singer Cali, released October 10, 2005.	Menteur	Cali
performer	``Jean the Birdman'' is a collaboration between Robert Fripp and David Sylvian, co-written by Trey Gunn.	Jean the Birdman	Robert Fripp	David Sylvian
performer	The Words and the Days is an album by Italian jazz trumpeter and composer Enrico Rava recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label.	The Words and the Days	Enrico Rava
performer	Turn the Radio Off is the second full-length album by ska punk band Reel Big Fish.	Turn the Radio Off	Reel Big Fish
performer	``Satellite Blues'' is a song by Australian rock band AC/DC, released as a single, and appeared on their 2000 album, Stiff Upper Lip.	Satellite Blues	AC/DC
performer	Songs from the Recently Deceased is the third full-length release by North Carolina punk band the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13.	Songs from the Recently Deceased	Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13
performer	``I Want Candy'' is a song written and originally recorded by The Strangeloves in 1965 that went to number 11 in the United States.	I Want Candy	The Strangeloves
performer	``Fleur de liberté'' (English translation: ``Flower of liberty'') was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, performed in French by Jacques Hustin.	Fleur de liberté	Jacques Hustin
performer	Lemmings / Going Nowhere is a split extended play (EP) by the bands Blink-182 and Swindle, released in 1996 by Cargo Music and Grilled Cheese.	Lemmings / Going Nowhere	Blink-182
performer	Stories from a Blue Room is Pamela Moore's third full length solo album, released under Planet Sweet Records in 2006.	Stories from a Blue Room	Pamela Moore
performer	Mutantes e Seus Cometas no País do Baurets is the fifth album by the Brazilian rock band Os Mutantes and the last to feature all three founding members.	Mutantes e Seus Cometas no País do Baurets	Os Mutantes
performer	Barcelona Sessions is the fifth studio album of Swedish singer Måns Zelmerlöw.	Barcelona Sessions	Måns Zelmerlöw
performer	The Rotten Agenda is the third and final studio album by the American hardcore punk band Aus-Rotten, released in 2001 on Rotten Propaganda Records.	The Rotten Agenda	Aus-Rotten
performer	Bad Luck Is All I Have is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1974 and 1975 and released on the Atlantic label.	Bad Luck Is All I Have	Eddie Harris
performer	``Lick Ya Down'' is the debut single released by Barbados-based pop group Cover Drive.	Lick Ya Down	Cover Drive
performer	``Au soleil'' (English: Under the Sun) is Jenifer Bartoli's second and most successful single, from her first album Jenifer on which it is the second track on this album.	Au soleil	Jenifer Bartoli
performer	Bye Bye Mr. Mug is the debut single released by The Brilliant Green on September 21, 1997.	Bye Bye Mr. Mug	The Brilliant Green
performer	``Deeper Shade of Soul'' is the debut single by Dutch band Urban Dance Squad.	Deeper Shade of Soul	Urban Dance Squad
performer	Handheld Torch is the debut album by Melbourne band Tarmac Adam.	Handheld Torch	Tarmac Adam
performer	``Sugar Box'' is a hit song by British band Then Jerico.	Sugar Box	Then Jerico
performer	Full Moon on the Farm is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and the Rising Fawn String Ensemble, released in 1981.	Full Moon on the Farm	Norman Blake
performer	``Hataraku Otoko'' is a single by Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi released on November 22, 2006.	Hataraku Otoko	Puffy AmiYumi
performer	``The Beautiful Occupation'' is the second single from Scottish indie rock band Travis' fourth studio album, 12 Memories.	The Beautiful Occupation	Travis
performer	Habits Old and New is a studio album by country music artist Hank Williams Jr. and was released under Elektra Records/Curb Records in June 1980.	Habits Old and New	Hank Williams Jr.
performer	``One Goodbye in Ten'' is the second single from Shara Nelson's first solo album What Silence Knows.	One Goodbye in Ten	Shara Nelson
performer	Tones for Joan's Bones is the debut album by American jazz pianist Chick Corea.	Tones for Joan's Bones	Chick Corea
performer	Skullgrid is the first full-length studio album by Behold... The Arctopus, released in 2007 on Black Market Activities.	Skullgrid	Behold... The Arctopus
performer	Seven Is a Jolly Good Time is an Egg compilation album released by See For Miles Records in 1985.	Seven Is a Jolly Good Time	Egg
performer	``Who Needs Enemies?'' is the third and final single released from The Cooper Temple Clause's debut album, See This Through and Leave.	Who Needs Enemies?	The Cooper Temple Clause
performer	Alama Fi Hyatak (Arabic : أيامي ), is a studio album by Amr Mostafa, and was released in 2008.	Alama Fi Hyatak	Amr Mostafa
performer	Jag blir hellre jagad av vargar (I'd rather be chased by wolves) is a song written and recorded by Orup, peaking at second position at the Swedish singles chart.	Jag blir hellre jagad av vargar	Orup
performer	``U Remind Me'' is a song by American entertainer Usher.	U Remind Me	Usher
performer	The Odd Trio is a solo album released in 2000 by guitar virtuoso Michael Schenker.	The Odd Trio	Michael Schenker
performer	``Mirai no Museum'' (Translation: ``Future Museum'') is a song by Japanese girl group Perfume from their fourth studio album Level 3 (2013).	Mirai no Museum	Perfume
performer	Halfpenny Dancer is an album by English rock band The Quireboys, released in 2009.	Halfpenny Dancer	The Quireboys
performer	Wakker in een vreemde wereld is the fourth album by Dutch rock band De Dijk.	Wakker in een vreemde wereld	De Dijk
performer	MotorCycle is the tenth studio album by Christian alternative rock band Daniel Amos, issued in 1993 on BAI Records.	MotorCycle	Daniel Amos
performer	``Don't Come Around Here No More'' is a song written by Tom Petty of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and David A. Stewart of Eurythmics.	Don't Come Around Here No More	Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
performer	Journey to Love is the third jazz funk fusion album by bass guitarist and multi-instrumentalist Stanley Clarke, accompanied by familiar musicians he has often worked with like George Duke and Chick Corea.	Journey to Love	Stanley Clarke
performer	``Better Things to Do'' is a song written by Tom Shapiro, Chris Waters, and co-written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Terri Clark.	Better Things to Do	Terri Clark
performer	``Hard for Me'' is the second single by Australian recording artist Tamara Jaber, released on 1 August 2005 through King Kyle Records.	Hard for Me	Tamara Jaber
performer	Hypnotised is a 1980 album released by The Undertones.	Hypnotised	The Undertones
performer	``Gimme the Light'' is the first single from Jamaican dance hall artist Sean Paul's 2002 album Dutty Rock.	Gimme the Light	Sean Paul
performer	It's Too Bad is a jazz-blues-influenced song written by Jimi Hendrix in 1969.	It's Too Bad	Jimi Hendrix
performer	The Sin of Pride is the fourth and final album to be released by the original line-up of The Undertones.	The Sin of Pride	The Undertones
performer	``Back to Life (However Do You Want Me)'' is a song by British R&B band Soul II Soul.	Back to Life (However Do You Want Me)	Soul II Soul
performer	``Culture Flash'' is a song and single by music project of Members of Mayday.	Culture Flash	Members of Mayday
performer	Shaved Fish is a compilation album by John Lennon and the Plastic Ono Band, released in October 1975 on Apple Records.	Shaved Fish	John Lennon
performer	Shirley's Sounds is a studio album by organist Shirley Scott recorded mainly in 1958 for Prestige but not released until 1961 as PRLP 7195.	Shirley's Sounds	Shirley Scott
performer	``Roc Boys (And the Winner Is)...'' is the second single from Jay-Z's tenth studio album, American Gangster.	Roc Boys (And the Winner Is)...	Jay-Z
performer	``Betcha'll Never Find'' is the title of a top twenty R&B and dance single by Chantay Savage.	Betcha'll Never Find	Chantay Savage
performer	Seven Turns is the ninth studio album by the Allman Brothers Band, released in 1990.	Seven Turns	Allman Brothers Band
performer	``Volví a Nacer'' (English: ``I Was Born Again'') is a song written and performed by Colombian recording artist Carlos Vives and co-produced by Andrés Castro.	Volví a Nacer	Carlos Vives
performer	We're Children of Coincidence and Harpo Marx was the sixth solo studio LP by Dory Previn, released in 1976 by the Warner Brothers label.	We're Children of Coincidence and Harpo Marx	Dory Previn
performer	``2 Times'' is a song co-written and recorded by British singer Ann Lee.	2 Times	Ann Lee
performer	``Phoner to Arizona'' is the opening track from Gorillaz's iPad recorded album The Fall.	Phoner to Arizona	Gorillaz
performer	Thanks for the Memory (Wham Bam Thank You Mam) is a single from rock band Slade.	Thanks for the Memory (Wham Bam Thank You Mam)	Slade
performer	``Dober Man'' is Riyu Kosaka's third single with Avex and her fourth single overall.	Dober Man	Riyu Kosaka
performer	Bound by Fire is the debut album by Canadian humorous metal band, Zimmers Hole (then spelt as Zimmer's Hole).	Bound by Fire	Zimmers Hole
performer	``Every Kinda People'' is a 1978 song originally performed by Robert Palmer on his Double Fun album.	Every Kinda People	Robert Palmer
performer	Stack Is the New Black is the debut studio album by Australian pop punk band Short Stack, released through Sunday Morning Records on 14 August 2009.	Stack Is the New Black	Short Stack
performer	Snake in the Radio is the debut release from Mark Pickerel's group known as Mark Pickerel and His Praying Hands.	Snake in the Radio	Mark Pickerel
performer	``Tonight's Today'' is the first single by singer-songwriter Jack Peñate from his second album Everything Is New.	Tonight's Today	Jack Peñate
performer	``Mr. Ice Cream Man'' is the first single from Master P's album Ice Cream Man.	Mr. Ice Cream Man	Master P
performer	Songs of Silence - Live in Tokyo is a live album by Finnish power metal band Sonata Arctica.	Songs of Silence	Sonata Arctica
performer	Nasty Reputation is the second solo album from German guitar player Axel Rudi Pell.	Nasty Reputation	Axel Rudi Pell
performer	Animal Justice is the first EP by Welsh musician John Cale.	Animal Justice	John Cale
performer	``Mein Land'' (German for ``My country'') is the first single of the retrospective Made in Germany 1995--2011 by the German band Rammstein.	Mein Land	Rammstein
performer	In an Expression of the Inexpressible is the fourth studio album by Blonde Redhead, released in 1998.	In an Expression of the Inexpressible	Blonde Redhead
performer	Ricou Browning portrays the underwater Gill-man throughout the three films.	Gill-man	Ricou Browning
performer	RhineStoned is the ninth studio album recorded by country music artist Pam Tillis.	RhineStoned	Pam Tillis
performer	``Broke Away'' was the second single from Wet Wet Wet's third studio album, Holding Back the River.	Broke Away	Wet Wet Wet
performer	Shadows Between the Sky is the twenty-seventh studio album by avant-garde guitarist Buckethead.	Shadows Between the Sky	Buckethead
performer	Guilty 'til Proved Innocent! is an album by The Specials, released in 1998 (see 1998 in music).	Guilty 'til Proved Innocent!	The Specials
performer	``Übers Ende der Welt'' (English: Over the End of the World) and ``Ready, Set, Go!'' are rock songs by German alternative rock band Tokio Hotel.	Übers Ende der Welt	Tokio Hotel
performer	``Down to the Waterline'' is a 1978 song written by Mark Knopfler and first released by Dire Straits as the first song on their debut album, Dire Straits.	Down to the Waterline	Dire Straits
performer	On Fyre is the first studio album by the American Garage Rock band Lyres, released in 1984 by the label Ace Of Hearts, and reissued in 2002 by Matador Records.	On Fyre	Lyres
performer	Don't Tell Me You Do is the ninth overall and fourth North American studio album by the a cappella group Rockapella.	Don't Tell Me You Do	Rockapella
performer	Hope of the Broken World is the name of Selah's eighth studio album.	Hope of the Broken World	Selah
performer	El Heredero is the second studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Miguelito.	El Heredero	Miguelito
performer	Duals is a compilation album released by the Irish rock band U2 in April 2011 only available to u2.com subscribers.	Duals	U2
performer	``Arriba en la Cordillera'' (English: Above on the Mountains) is a song by Chilean singer Patricio Manns, first released in 1965.	Arriba en la Cordillera	Patricio Manns
performer	Eat Me in St. Louis is the third album by British progressive pop/rock band It Bites.	Eat Me in St. Louis	It Bites
performer	``Merry Christmas Jakey Boy'' is a single released exclusively for the Irish market in December 2006 by Jake Stevens.	Merry Christmas Jakey Boy	Jake Stevens
performer	Heart On is the third studio album from American rock band Eagles of Death Metal, released on October 28, 2008.	Heart On	Eagles of Death Metal
performer	Massive Luxury Overdose is the second studio album by the Swedish pop group Army of Lovers.	Massive Luxury Overdose	Army of Lovers
performer	Bedawwar A Albi (Arabic: بتدور على قلبي‎, English: Searching for My Heart) is the third studio album by the Lebanese singer Amal Hijazi released in 2004.	Bedawwar A Albi	Amal Hijazi
performer	Songs About Stuff is the first studio album by Singer/Songwriter Wally Pleasant, which he released in 1992 on Miranda Records.	Songs About Stuff	Wally Pleasant
performer	Zero She Flies is the third studio album by folk artist Al Stewart, released in 1970.	Zero She Flies	Al Stewart
performer	Fall in Love & Songs (simplified Chinese: 静茹＆情歌-别再为他流泪; traditional Chinese: 靜茹＆情歌-別再為他流淚) is the tenth studio album by Fish Leong.	Fall in Love & Songs	Fish Leong
performer	``Walking on Broken Glass'' is a song written and performed by Scottish singer Annie Lennox, taken from her 1992 album, Diva.	Walking on Broken Glass	Annie Lennox
performer	``Knuck If You Buck'' is the first single from hip hop/crunk group Crime Mob's debut album, Crime Mob.	Knuck If You Buck	Crime Mob
performer	On Praying Ground is the title of a recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson, released in 1990.	On Praying Ground	Doc Watson
performer	``It's Gonna Work Out Fine'' is a song written by Rose Marie McCoy and Sylvia McKinney, and released as a single by Ike & Tina Turner in 1961.	It's Gonna Work Out Fine	Ike & Tina Turner
performer	Passionate Guitars is a reissue of Passion Guitars by Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli.	Passionate Guitars	Bucky Pizzarelli
performer	Nightbreaker is the eighth studio album by the American heavy metal band Riot.	Nightbreaker	Riot
performer	The Royal Thousand is the debut album by the metalcore band Glass Cloud.	The Royal Thousand	Glass Cloud
performer	``I Pray on Christmas'' is a Christmas carol with music and lyrics by Harry Connick Jr. First released in 1993 on his multi platinum album When My Heart Finds Christmas.	I Pray on Christmas	Harry Connick
performer	Primera Toma (Take One) is the first studio album release from Spanish music trio, La 5ª Estación.	Primera Toma	La 5ª Estación
performer	The Stripped Mixes (released on CD for a limited time as The Motown 50 Mixes), is a collection of American recording artist and former Jackson 5 member Michael Jackson's classic songs.	The Stripped Mixes	Michael Jackson
performer	Jævla Jazzist Grete Stitz (released 1996 in Oslo by label Thug Records - THUG 011) is an album by Jaga Jazzist.	Jævla Jazzist Grete Stitz	Jaga Jazzist
performer	Sin/Pecado is the third studio album by Portuguese gothic metal band, Moonspell, released in 1997/1998.	Sin/Pecado	Moonspell
performer	``Get It All'' is a song performed by American R&B singer, Sean Garrett and features American rapper, Nicki Minaj.	Get It All	Sean Garrett	Nicki Minaj
performer	Ígéret is the seventh studio album of the Hungarian folk metal band Dalriada.	Ígéret	Dalriada
performer	We're Already Gone is the second full length album by The Beautiful Girls, an Australian roots band.	We're Already Gone	The Beautiful Girls
performer	``Did Ya' Understand That'' is the second and last single from Willa Ford's album Willa Was Here.	Did Ya' Understand That	Willa Ford
performer	``Sick Again'' is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin, from their 1975 album Physical Graffiti.	Sick Again	Led Zeppelin
performer	L'Heptade is the third and final album from Harmonium.	L'Heptade	Harmonium
performer	Live over Europe 2007 is the sixth live album by British band Genesis recorded during the Turn It On Again:	Live over Europe 2007	Genesis
performer	Strange in Stereo is the third full-length studio album by the Norwegian progressive/avant-garde metal band In the Woods...	Strange in Stereo	In the Woods
performer	Friday Night at St. Andrews (originally named Live from St. Andrews) is the third studio album by American rapper and member of D12, Bizarre.	Friday Night at St. Andrews	Bizarre
performer	``Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is'' is a song by Australian rock band Jet, and is the third track on their second album Shine On.	Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is	Jet
performer	Until My Heart Caves In is the eighth studio album by Audio Adrenaline and the final album with Mark Stuart as the lead vocalist.	Until My Heart Caves In	Audio Adrenaline
performer	``Do You Compute?'' is a song by American rock musician Donnie Iris from his 1983 album Fortune 410.	Do You Compute?	Donnie Iris
performer	``Fjögur píanó'' is a song by Icelandic band Sigur Rós from their sixth studio album, Valtari.	Fjögur píanó	Sigur Rós
performer	A Secret Wish was the 1985 debut album of German synthpop band Propaganda.	A Secret Wish	Propaganda
performer	Eskimo Snow is the third studio album by American indie rock band Why?.	Eskimo Snow	Why
performer	According to Daryl Hall, during the recording of ``We Are the World'', Michael Jackson approached him and admitted to lifting the bass line for ``Billie Jean'' from a Hall and Oates song, apparently referring to ``I Can't Go for That (No Can Do).''	I Can't Go for That (No Can Do)	Hall and Oates
performer	Terrorize Brutalize Sodomize is the sixth album by Swedish death metal band Vomitory.	Terrorize Brutalize Sodomize	Vomitory
performer	``Save Your Kisses for Me'' was the winning song of the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed for the United Kingdom by Brotherhood of Man in The Hague, Netherlands.	Save Your Kisses for Me	Brotherhood of Man
performer	Deluge and After is the eighth studio album by SCH, released in 2006.	Deluge and After	SCH
performer	100% Colombian is the second studio album released by the band Fun Lovin' Criminals.	100% Colombian	Fun Lovin' Criminals
performer	Swampsong is the third studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Kalmah.	Swampsong	Kalmah
performer	``Could I Be Your Girl'' is a song by Jann Arden, released as a single in 1994, first released on her album Living Under June (in 1994 in Canada, and in 1995 in various other markets).	Could I Be Your Girl	Jann Arden
performer	``Goodbye Kiss'' is Kasabian's third single from their fourth album, Velociraptor!.	Goodbye Kiss	Kasabian
performer	100 stepeni (English: 100 Degrees) is the second studio album by Montenegrin dance-pop recording artist Dado Polumenta.	100 stepeni	Dado Polumenta
performer	Ladies Invited is the fifth album by American rock band The J. Geils Band, released in 1973 (see 1973 in music).	Ladies Invited	The J. Geils Band
performer	``Hey Kid'' is the second official single from Matt Willis, released on August 14, 2006.	Hey Kid	Matt Willis
performer	``Don't Tell Me You Love Me'' is a hard rock song by Night Ranger written by Jack Blades from their 1982 album, Dawn Patrol.	Don't Tell Me You Love Me	Night Ranger
performer	``Lako je sve'' (English translation: Everything is easy) is a Croatian song, written by Branimir Mihaljević, Pamela Ramljak and Neda Parmać and sung by girl group Feminnem.	Lako je sve	Feminnem
performer	As the Cry Flows is an album by British band Seafood, released on 3 May 2004.	As the Cry Flows	Seafood
performer	``In His Mind'' (Atlantic Japan / Warner-Pioneer #AMDY-5076) is the fifth and final single from Debbie Gibson's 1990 album Anything Is Possible.	In His Mind	Debbie Gibson
performer	Am I Not Your Girl? is the third album by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor and the follow-up to the hugely successful I Do Not Want What I Haven't Got.	Am I Not Your Girl?	Sinéad O'Connor
performer	What's the 411? is the debut album by American recording artist Mary J. Blige, released July 28, 1992.	What's the 411?	Mary J. Blige
performer	Dee Does Broadway is the second album from Dee Snider, frontman of Twisted Sister, after 12 years without any release.	Dee Does Broadway	Dee Snider
performer	``Chestnut Mare'' is a song by the American rock band The Byrds, written by Roger McGuinn and Jacques Levy during 1969 for a planned country rock musical named Gene Tryp.	Chestnut Mare	The Byrds
performer	``Please Mr. Please'' is the title of a popular song from 1975 (see 1975 in music) by the Australian singer Olivia Newton-John.	Please Mr. Please	Olivia Newton-John
performer	``Don't Forget to Remember Me'' is a song written by Morgane Hayes, Kelley Lovelace and Ashley Gorley, and recorded by American country music Carrie Underwood.	Don't Forget to Remember Me	Carrie Underwood
performer	``How Could an Angel Break My Heart'' is the fourth and final single from Toni Braxton's second studio album, Secrets (1996).	How Could an Angel Break My Heart	Toni Braxton
performer	``Do You Feel What I Feel?'' is a song by British boy band JLS from their third studio album, Jukebox.	Do You Feel What I Feel?	JLS
performer	``Love Myself'' is the debut single by American actress and singer Hailee Steinfeld.	Love Myself	Hailee Steinfeld
performer	Let Your Body Take Over is the full-length debut album from the post-hardcore band Four Letter Lie.	Let Your Body Take Over	Four Letter Lie
performer	Motherfuckers Be Trippin' is the sixth studio album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers.	Motherfuckers Be Trippin'	Supersuckers
performer	The Transient Effects of Light on Water is a 2000 metalcore album by This Day Forward.	The Transient Effects of Light on Water	This Day Forward
performer	``Absolutely Positively'' is the second single from American singer Anastacia's fourth studio album, Heavy Rotation.	Absolutely Positively	Anastacia
performer	Flat Tracker is the second studio album released by the Seattle hardcore punk band Zeke.	Flat Tracker	Zeke
performer	Men from Earth is the fourth album by the Country rock/Southern rock band The Ozark Mountain Daredevils.	Men from Earth	Ozark Mountain Daredevils
performer	Sideshow Symphonies is the fourth studio album by the Norwegian avant-garde metal band Arcturus.	Sideshow Symphonies	Arcturus
performer	Faces Places (stylized as FACES PLACES) is the second studio album by Globe released on March 12, 1997.	Faces Places	Globe
performer	Thirteen Down is the thirteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1980.	Thirteen Down	Bert Jansch
performer	``It Started with a Love Affair'' is a 1989 song first performed by Swedish singer Jerry Williams.	It Started with a Love Affair	Jerry Williams
performer	5th Season is the fourth studio album by the German progressive metal band Dreamscape.	5th Season	Dreamscape
performer	``A Matter of Trust'' is a song by Billy Joel released as the second single from his album The Bridge.	A Matter of Trust	Billy Joel
performer	Crossfaderz is the second album by turntablist, Roc Raida.	Crossfaderz	Roc Raida
performer	``No More Tears (Enough Is Enough)'' is a 1979 song recorded as a duet by Barbra Streisand and Donna Summer.	No More Tears (Enough Is Enough)	Barbra Streisand	Donna Summer
performer	Wade Through the Boggs is a CD released by Sebadoh in 2007 and sold during its tour that year.	Wade Through the Boggs	Sebadoh
performer	``Promise This'' is a song by English recording artist Cheryl Cole, taken from her second studio album Messy Little Raindrops.	Promise This	Cheryl Cole
performer	The Monster Who Ate Jesus is the first studio album of Indianapolis Christian horror punk band Blaster the Rocket Man under Jackson Rubio Records, released August 10, 1999.	The Monster Who Ate Jesus	Blaster the Rocket Man
performer	Garage Hymns is the second full-length album by American indie-rock band Empires, released in 2012.	Garage Hymns	Empires
performer	Danna International (Offer Nissim Presents) is the first album by Israeli singer Dana International, released in 1993.	Danna International (Offer Nissim Presents)	Dana International
performer	``Friends Turbo'' is a song by German electronic dance band Scooter, and the theme song to the German version of the Dutch film New Kids Turbo.	Friends Turbo	Scooter
performer	Worlds Torn Asunder is the third album by the American thrash metal band Warbringer, released on September 27, 2011 via Century Media.	Worlds Torn Asunder	Warbringer
performer	Med vidöppna fönster (With wide open windows) is the 18th studio album by studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Tomas Ledin, released in March 2004.	Med vidöppna fönster	Tomas Ledin
performer	Survival of the Fastest is the first album by the thrash metal band Gama Bomb.	Survival of the Fastest	Gama Bomb
performer	``Lost in Emotion'' is a song recorded by Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam that appeared on their 1987 album Spanish Fly.	Lost in Emotion	Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam
performer	Tunnel of Fire is a musical album by the band Darediablo.	Tunnel of Fire	Darediablo
performer	``Last Dollar (Fly Away)'' is a song written by Big Kenny, one half of the duo Big & Rich, and performed by American country music artist Tim McGraw.	Last Dollar (Fly Away)	Tim McGraw
performer	Circle Gets the Square is Kevin Devine's first studio album as a solo artist.	Circle Gets the Square	Kevin Devine
performer	Everywhere, and Right Here is the fourth studio album (not including their remix album) from Ohio post-rock band The Six Parts Seven.	Everywhere, and Right Here	The Six Parts Seven
performer	``Tricky, Tricky'' is a song released by Lou Bega in 1999 from his debut album A Little Bit of Mambo.	Tricky, Tricky	Lou Bega
performer	Rhythm Drives Me Crazy is an electronica song performed by Swedish band BWO.	Rhythm Drives Me Crazy	BWO
performer	``The Sweetness Lies Within'' is a single from British indie rock band Hefner.	The Sweetness Lies Within	Hefner
performer	``That Golden Rule'' is the second single to be taken from Scottish alternative rock trio Biffy Clyro's fifth studio album, Only Revolutions, released on 23 August 2009.	That Golden Rule	Biffy Clyro
performer	Jackie's Bag is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1959 and 1960 and released on the Blue Note label.	Jackie's Bag	Jackie McLean
performer	Still Going Strong is the eleventh studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.	Still Going Strong	Anvil
performer	Ask the Ages (1991) was the last album released by jazz guitarist Sonny Sharrock before his death in 1994 (though posthumously released albums followed).	Ask the Ages	Sonny Sharrock
performer	Tahajjud Cinta is the fourteenth album by Dato' Siti Nurhaliza and also her first album to be categorised as a spiritual or religious album.	Tahajjud Cinta	Siti Nurhaliza
performer	``Round About Way'' is a song written by Steve Dean and Wil Nance, and recorded by American country music singer George Strait.	Round About Way	George Strait
performer	Master of Brutality is the debut album by the Japanese stoner rock/doom metal band Church of Misery.	Master of Brutality	Church of Misery
performer	Weary and Wired is the second album by guitarist and singer-songwriter Marc Ford.	Weary and Wired	Marc Ford
performer	Bummm! is Hungarian rock band Locomotiv GT's third studio album and was released in 1973.	Bummm!	Locomotiv GT
performer	``V-2 Schneider'' is a largely instrumental piece written by David Bowie in 1977 for the album ``Heroes''.	V-2 Schneider	David Bowie
performer	Wise After the Event is the second solo album from former Genesis guitarist Anthony Phillips.	Wise After the Event	Anthony Phillips
performer	``Don't Love You No More (I'm Sorry)'' is the second single from British R&B artist Craig David's third album The Story Goes....	Don't Love You No More (I'm Sorry)	Craig David
performer	``A Rolling Stone'' is a 1980 single by Jamaican singer Grace Jones.	A Rolling Stone	Grace Jones
performer	``Al di là'' (English translation: ``Beyond'') is a song written by Italian composer Carlo Donida and lyricst Mogol, and recorded by Betty Curtis.	Al di là	Betty Curtis
performer	The Winter in Lisbon is a soundtrack album for the European film of the same name directed by José A. Zorrilla composed and performed by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie in 1990 and released on the Milan label.	The Winter in Lisbon	Dizzy Gillespie
performer	``I Don't Think, I Know'' is a pop country song written by Brooke McClymont and Clive Young, produced by Charles Fisher for McClymont's second single released in Australia on 2 December 2002 as a CD single.	I Don't Think, I Know	Brooke McClymont
performer	Lena Like Latin (aka Lena Goes Latin) is a 1963 studio album by Lena Horne, arranged by Shorty Rogers and Marty Paich.	Lena Like Latin	Lena Horne
performer	Tony Makes It Happen is an album by American singer Tony Bennett, originally released in 1967 on Columbia as CL 2653.	Tony Makes It Happen	Tony Bennett
performer	``Two Tickets to Paradise'' is a song by American rock singer, Eddie Money, from his 1977 album Eddie Money.	Two Tickets to Paradise	Eddie Money
performer	``Benzin'' (German, in English: Gasoline) is a song by German industrial metal band Rammstein, released as the first single from their album Rosenrot.	Benzin	Rammstein
performer	At War with Walls & Mazes is the debut album from Son Lux.	At War with Walls & Mazes	Son Lux
performer	Honeyburst is the second studio album by Danish singer-songwriter Tim Christensen, released on 1 September 2003 on CD and vinyl.	Honeyburst	Tim Christensen
performer	When I See You Smile is a song by American/British hard rock band Bad English.	When I See You Smile	Bad English
performer	``Cherish the Day'' is the fourth and final single by English band Sade from their fourth studio album, Love Deluxe (1992).	Cherish the Day	Sade
performer	Vapen & ammunition (Swedish for Weapons & Ammunition) is the fifth studio album by Swedish alternative rock band Kent.	Vapen & ammunition	Kent
performer	Dark Endless is the debut studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk.	Dark Endless	Marduk
performer	Wailin' for Love is an album by Junior Marvin released in 2007.	Wailin' for Love	Junior Marvin
performer	Sound of a Woman is the major label debut studio album by Canadian recording artist Kiesza.	Sound of a Woman	Kiesza
performer	``For You I Will (Confidence)'' is the debut single from the American singer-songwriter Teddy Geiger, featured on his debut album Underage Thinking.	For You I Will (Confidence)	Teddy Geiger
performer	``One Way Ticket (Because I Can)'' or simply ``One Way Ticket'' is a song written by Judy Rodman and Keith Hinton, and recorded by American country music artist LeAnn Rimes.	One Way Ticket (Because I Can)	LeAnn Rimes
performer	The Greatest Songs of the Eighties is Barry Manilow's 38th album, and follow-up to his 2007 album, The Greatest Songs of the Seventies.	The Greatest Songs of the Eighties	Barry Manilow
performer	Razorbliss is the fifth studio album by the band Flowing Tears, the third under the moniker of Flowing Tears.	Razorbliss	Flowing Tears
performer	``Kennst du die Stars'' (German: ``Do you know the Stars'') is the third single by German rapper Bushido featuring comedian Oliver Pocher, from his album, Heavy Metal Payback.	Kennst du die Stars	Bushido	Oliver Pocher
performer	East of the River Nile is a 1977 reggae album (see 1977 in music) by Jamaican musician Augustus Pablo.	East of the River Nile	Augustus Pablo
performer	``Elisabeth's Eyes'' is the second single of 1989 from English musician Nik Kershaw.	Elisabeth's Eyes	Nik Kershaw
performer	Vendeurs de larmes is the sixth studio album of French singer Daniel Balavoine, that was released in April 1982 and was a success with sales of 600,000 copies in France.	Vendeurs de larmes	Daniel Balavoine
performer	``Marley Purt Drive'' is a song recorded by the Bee Gees, It was written by Barry, Robin & Maurice Gibb and released in March 1969 on the album Odessa.	Marley Purt Drive	Bee Gees
performer	Three Men Walking is an album by American composer, composer, saxophone and clarinet player Joe Maneri with guitarist Joe Morris and violinist Mat Maneri recorded in 1995 and released on the ECM label.	Three Men Walking	Joe Maneri
performer	Doble Opuesto was the first successful album of the Chilean rock/pop group La Ley (a failed first album, Desiertos, was released in 1991).	Doble Opuesto	La Ley
performer	The Answer to the Question is Tree63's third album.	The Answer to the Question	Tree63
performer	Olam Tzafuf (Hebrew: עולם צפוף‎, Crowded World) is a 1983 album by Israeli rock band HaClique.	Olam Tzafuf	HaClique
performer	Damn Fool is the second studio album by Big Scoob, released on May 3, 2011.	Damn Fool	Big Scoob
performer	One Simple Word is the fourth album by the American pop/rock band The Connells, released in 1990.	One Simple Word	The Connells
performer	Three Snakes and One Charm is the fourth album by the American blues rock band The Black Crowes.	Three Snakes and One Charm	The Black Crowes
performer	Fornever, stylized as For(n)ever, is the fourth studio album by American rock band Hoobastank, released in the US January 27, 2009 and was released in Australia June 26, 2009.	Fornever	Hoobastank
performer	Self-Destructive Pattern is the third album by the American industrial metal band Spineshank.	Self-Destructive Pattern	Spineshank
performer	Twenty 1 is the seventeenth studio album (and twenty-first overall) by the American band Chicago.	Twenty 1	Chicago
performer	In Somniphobia is the ninth studio album released by Japanese extreme metal band Sigh.	In Somniphobia	Sigh
performer	Bring 'Em All In (1995) was Mike Scott's first of two solo albums, the other being 1997's Still Burning.	Bring 'Em All In	Mike Scott
performer	Word Gets Around is the debut album by Welsh rock band Stereophonics.	Word Gets Around	Stereophonics
performer	Strike Ten is the eighth album by the band known as Bonfire, but is the tenth album release, hence the name.	Strike Ten	Bonfire
performer	``I'll Kill You'' is the debut single by Japanese heavy metal band X Japan, then named X, released in June 1985.	I'll Kill You	X Japan
performer	Invaders Must Die is the fifth studio album by English electronic dance music group The Prodigy.	Invaders Must Die	The Prodigy
performer	Boss for Leader is the third full-length album by the Swedish synthpop group Slagsmålsklubben and the follow-up to the 2004 album Sagan om konungens årsinkomst.	Boss for Leader	Slagsmålsklubben
performer	Enjoy Your Rabbit is a 2001 electronic music album by Sufjan Stevens.	Enjoy Your Rabbit	Sufjan Stevens
performer	10 Neurotics is the tenth studio album by the Darkwave/ Dark Cabaret band Black Tape for a Blue Girl.	10 Neurotics	Black Tape for a Blue Girl
performer	World Wild 2010 (stylized as WORLD WILD 2010 and pronounced as World Wild two-o-one-zero) is the second full-length album by Japanese electronica singer and lyricist Saori@destiny.	World Wild 2010	Saori@destiny
performer	Dino Ortolani, played by Jon Seda, is a fictional character who appeared in three episodes of the HBO series Oz. Although he dies in the first episode of the series, which is more or less centered on his character, his death has a strong impact on the rest of season 1.	Dino Ortolani	Jon Seda
performer	The Devil May Care is the second full length album by Melbourne based rock music group 67 Special.	The Devil May Care	67 Special
performer	Over the Next Hill is an album by the band Fairport Convention, released in 2004.	Over the Next Hill	Fairport Convention
performer	Oretachi no Celebration (俺たちのセレブレーション) is the fortieth single by the Japanese pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Oretachi no Celebration	Porno Graffitti
performer	``Ain't Nothing 'bout You'' is a song written by Tom Shapiro and Rivers Rutherford, and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn.	Ain't Nothing 'bout You	Brooks & Dunn
performer	Sod Buster Ballads is a 1941 album by the Almanac Singers:	Sod Buster Ballads	Almanac Singers
performer	We Sweat Blood is the second album by Canadian rock band Danko Jones.	We Sweat Blood	Danko Jones
performer	Mr. & Mrs. Used to Be is a vocal duet album by American country singers, Loretta Lynn and Ernest Tubb.	Mr. & Mrs. Used to Be	Loretta Lynn
performer	``Brimful of Asha'' is a 1997 single by British alternative rock band Cornershop, which originally reached number 60 in the UK Singles Chart in 1997.	Brimful of Asha	Cornershop
performer	The Fabled City is the second studio album by The Nightwatchman, the alter ego of Tom Morello.	The Fabled City	The Nightwatchman
performer	How Far to Asgaard is the first full-length album by the Faroese Heavy Metal band Týr.	How Far to Asgaard	Týr
performer	30 Silver Pieces is the first studio album by Salt Lake City, Utah-based band Melodramus.	30 Silver Pieces	Melodramus
performer	``Zion's Daughter'' is a 1982 Christmas single by German band Boney M., the second single to be released off their Christmas Album, released in November 1981.	Zion's Daughter	Boney M.
performer	Fable Frolic is the third and final album by the Swedish death metal band Comecon.	Fable Frolic	Comecon
performer	``Perdono'' (also released under the title ``Xdono'') is a 2001 song recorded by Italian singer Tiziano Ferro.	Perdono	Tiziano Ferro
performer	Bean Bags is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson and saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring performances recorded in 1958 and released on the Atlantic label.	Bean Bags	Milt Jackson
performer	Prince of the South 2 is the third studio album by Atlanta rapper Lil Scrappy, it was released on October 19, 2010.	Prince of the South 2	Lil Scrappy
performer	Yodel the Cowboy Way is a compilation recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky on January 13, 1998.	Yodel the Cowboy Way	Riders in the Sky
performer	Twelve Ways to Count is the debut album by British chamber pop band The Miserable Rich.	Twelve Ways to Count	The Miserable Rich
performer	I Promised God is a solo album of William Layton Nelson.	I Promised God	William Layton Nelson
performer	``A Song for You'' is a song written and originally recorded by rock singer and pianist Leon Russell for his first solo album Leon Russell, which was released in 1970 on Shelter Records.	A Song for You	Leon Russell
performer	To Hell or Barbados is the fourth studio album by Irish singer-songwriter Damien Dempsey released in Ireland and the UK in June 2007.	To Hell or Barbados	Damien Dempsey
performer	The Madly in Anger with the World Tour was a year-long concert tour by Metallica that took place in 2003 and 2004, in connection with their St. Anger album.	Madly in Anger with the World Tour	Metallica
performer	``Spanish Eddie'' is a song by American singer Laura Branigan released as the lead single from her fourth album, Hold Me.	Spanish Eddie	Laura Branigan
performer	``I'd Love You to Want Me'' is the title of a popular song from 1972 by Lobo (the stage name of Kent LaVoie).	I'd Love You to Want Me	Lobo
performer	The Fine Art of Surfacing was The Boomtown Rats' third album and contained the hit-single releases, ``I Don't Like Mondays'', ``Diamond Smiles'' and ``Someone's Looking at You''.	The Fine Art of Surfacing	The Boomtown Rats
performer	Transworld Ultra Rock is the seventh album of Japanese band Electric Eel Shock and was released in 2007.	Transworld Ultra Rock	Electric Eel Shock
performer	Share My World is the third studio album by American R&B singer-songwriter Mary J. Blige, released by MCA on April 22, 1997.	Share My World	Mary J. Blige
performer	``Love Is Blindness'' is a song by the rock band U2, and the twelfth and final track on their 1991 album Achtung Baby.	Love Is Blindness	U2
performer	Santa Claus and His Old Lady is a bit by Cheech and Chong, one of their best-known comedy routines.	Santa Claus and His Old Lady	Cheech and Chong
performer	Bop-Be is the final album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett's 'American Quartet'.	Bop-Be	Keith Jarrett
performer	Almost Made Ya is an R&B song by American duo Ali & Gipp, for the debut album, Kinfolk (2007).	Almost Made Ya	Ali & Gipp
performer	Uzed is the fourth album by Belgian RIO band Univers Zero.	Uzed	Univers Zero
performer	Script for a Jester's Tear is the debut studio album by the British neo-progressive rock band Marillion, released in 1983.	Script for a Jester's Tear	Marillion
performer	Gela Mou (Greek: Γέλα Μου; English: Smile at me) is the first studio album by Greek singer Despina Vandi.	Gela Mou	Despina Vandi
performer	``Escape Me'' is a single recorded by Tiësto featuring vocals from C. C. Sheffield.	Escape Me	Tiësto
performer	``Building a Mystery'' is a song by Sarah McLachlan, from her multi-platinum album Surfacing, first released in 1997.	Building a Mystery	Sarah McLachlan
performer	``Narodnozabavni rock'' (Folkpop rock) is a song written by Marino Legović and Leon Oblak and performed by Ansambel Roka Žlindre and Kalamari, who represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010.	Narodnozabavni rock	Ansambel Roka Žlindre	Kalamari
performer	Regret Over the Wires is an album by Matthew Ryan, released September 23, 2003 by Hybrid Recordings.	Regret Over the Wires	Matthew Ryan
performer	DC EP is an EP by John Frusciante, released on September 14, 2004 on Record Collection.	DC EP	John Frusciante
performer	``Key Key Karimba'' is a song by Italo disco act Baltimora, released in 1987 as the lead single from their second and final studio album Survivor in Love.	Key Key Karimba	Baltimora
performer	The Other One is the third solo album by former Fleetwood Mac guitarist Bob Welch.	The Other One	Bob Welch
performer	``I Guess I Like It Like That'' is a 1991 promotional single written by Australian singer-songwriter Kylie Minogue and British producers Mike Stock and Pete Waterman for Minogue's fourth album Let's Get to It.	I Guess I Like It Like That	Kylie Minogue
performer	``One Way or Another (Teenage Kicks)'' is a cover recorded by the British and Irish boy band One Direction, released as the 2013 Comic Relief charity single on 17 February 2013.	One Way or Another (Teenage Kicks)	One Direction
performer	Elastic Rock is Nucleus' first album.	Elastic Rock	Nucleus
performer	``Rotterdam (or Anywhere)'' is a song by The Beautiful South, taken from their fifth studio album Blue Is the Colour (1996).	Rotterdam (or Anywhere)	The Beautiful South
performer	Fandangos in Space is the 1973 debut album by flamenco-rock band Carmen.	Fandangos in Space	Carmen
performer	Teenage Graffiti is the second studio album by the American rock band The Pink Spiders, released on August 1, 2006.	Teenage Graffiti	The Pink Spiders
performer	Music at the Speed of Life (stylised as Music @ the Speed of Life) is the eighth studio album by Mint Condition.	Music at the Speed of Life	Mint Condition
performer	If You Swear, You'll Catch No Fish is the second full-length album by the Canadian hardcore punk band SNFU.	If You Swear, You'll Catch No Fish	SNFU
performer	Western Bell is an album by American blues singer and guitarist Kelly Joe Phelps, released 2009.	Western Bell	Kelly Joe Phelps
performer	Crackin' Up! was Ray Stevens' twenty-fourth studio album and his fourth for MCA Records, released in 1987.	Crackin' Up!	Ray Stevens
performer	Palepoli is a progressive rock album released in 1973 by the Italian band Osanna, widely considered amongst the best in the Italian progressive rock genre.	Palepoli	Osanna
performer	How Do You Like Me Now?! is the fifth studio album from American country music artist Toby Keith.	How Do You Like Me Now?!	Toby Keith
performer	Missa Gaia/Earth Mass is an album released by Paul Winter in 1982 for Living Music.	Missa Gaia/Earth Mass	Paul Winter
performer	``Into Your System'' is a song written and produced by Peter Hartmann and Jan Langhoff and recorded by the Dutch singer EliZe.	Into Your System	EliZe
performer	Die Without Hope is the fifth album by deathcore band Carnifex.	Die Without Hope	Carnifex
performer	``Jingling Baby'' was the final single released from LL Cool J's third album, Walking with a Panther.	Jingling Baby	LL Cool J
performer	``Send Me Your Money'' is a song by Suicidal Tendencies, released as a single in 1990 from their successful album Lights...	Send Me Your Money	Suicidal Tendencies
performer	Cindai is the third album from Malaysian pop singer Siti Nurhaliza released in 1997.	Cindai	Siti Nurhaliza
performer	``A Little Less Conversation'' is a song written by Mac Davis and Billy Strange originally performed by Elvis Presley for the 1968 film Live a Little, Love a Little.	A Little Less Conversation	Elvis Presley
performer	Eleven Fire Crackers is the fifth full-length album released by the Japanese rock band Ellegarden.	Eleven Fire Crackers	Ellegarden
performer	Blow Your Pants Off is the second album by the American actor and comedian Jimmy Fallon.	Blow Your Pants Off	Jimmy Fallon
performer	Matt Aragon is the sixth full-length album from San Diegan punk band Dogwood.	Matt Aragon	Dogwood
performer	``Brando Moves'' is a single released from Izabella Scorupco's 1991/1992 album Iza.	Brando Moves	Izabella Scorupco
performer	On My Way & Shoutin' Again! is an album released by pianist, composer and bandleader Count Basie featuring compositions by Neal Hefti recorded in 1962 and originally released on the Verve label.	On My Way & Shoutin' Again!	Count Basie
performer	Strictly Platinum is the debut album of singer/rapper Princess Superstar, released in 1996.	Strictly Platinum	Princess Superstar
performer	``How Can I Fall?'' is the title of a 1988 song by the British pop group Breathe.	How Can I Fall?	Breathe
performer	The Lion and the Cobra is the 1987 debut album by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor on Ensign/Chysalis records.	The Lion and the Cobra	Sinéad O'Connor
performer	``Whammy Kiss'' is the second single released by The B-52's from their 1983 album Whammy!.	Whammy Kiss	The B-52's
performer	Magic, Murder and the Weather is the fourth studio album by English post-punk band Magazine, and their final album until the band's reformation in 2009.	Magic, Murder and the Weather	Magazine
performer	``Heat of the Moment'' is the first hit single released by progressive rock supergroup Asia from their smash 1982 eponymous debut.	Heat of the Moment	Asia
performer	Undeceived is the second LP and third studio release by Norwegian Christian metal band Extol.	Undeceived	Extol
performer	30/30-150 is the first single from the rock band Stone Sour's second album Come What(ever) May.	30/30-150	Stone Sour
performer	``Only Daddy That'll Walk the Line'' is a song written by Jimmy Bryant, and recorded by American country music singer and musician Waylon Jennings.	Only Daddy That'll Walk the Line	Waylon Jennings
performer	Tapes, Breaks and Out-Takes is CD by The Cat Empire.	Tapes, Breaks and Out-Takes	The Cat Empire
performer	``This Must Be the Place (Naive Melody)'' is a song by new wave band Talking Heads, released in November 1983 as the second single from their fifth album Speaking in Tongues.	This Must Be the Place (Naive Melody)	Talking Heads
performer	Spinning Around the Sun is the fourth full-length album by country music singer-songwriter Jimmie Dale Gilmore.	Spinning Around the Sun	Jimmie Dale Gilmore
performer	On the Strength of All Convinced is Daphne Loves Derby's first physically released studio album.	On the Strength of All Convinced	Daphne Loves Derby
performer	10,000 Shots is the fifth album by Scottish-Canadian celtic punk band The Real McKenzies, recorded and released in 2005.	10,000 Shots	The Real McKenzies
performer	The Black Black is Solace's fifth studio recording.	The Black Black	Solace
performer	20th Anniversary is The Rippingtons' fourteenth album which was released in 2006.	20th Anniversary	The Rippingtons
performer	``Swords of a Thousand Men'' is a song and single written by Eddie Tenpole and performed by British punk band Tenpole Tudor.	Swords of a Thousand Men	Tenpole Tudor
performer	Kill 'Em All is the debut studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica, released on July 25, 1983, by the independent label Megaforce Records.	Kill 'Em All	Metallica
performer	``In This Diary'' is a song recorded by American Pop punk group The Ataris.	In This Diary	The Ataris
performer	Changin' Lanes is the eighth solo studio album by Houston hip hop rapper Lil Keke.	Changin' Lanes	Lil Keke
performer	Pejantan Tangguh is music album from Sheila on 7 released in 2004.	Pejantan Tangguh	Sheila on 7
performer	4 Plugs is the seventh album by The Mad Capsule Markets.	4 Plugs	The Mad Capsule Markets
performer	Best Day is the fifth studio album by Canadian band Dala.	Best Day	Dala
performer	Chewing Pine is the last album on the Capitol label by American guitarist Leo Kottke, released in 1975.	Chewing Pine	Leo Kottke
performer	``Bengali in Platforms'' is a Morrissey song from his debut album Viva Hate.	Bengali in Platforms	Morrissey
performer	Live at Wacken Open Air 2007 is a video by the American thrash metal band Overkill, released on February 5, 2008 through Bodog Music.	Live at Wacken Open Air 2007	Overkill
performer	More Fish is the sixth studio album by rapper Ghostface Killah, released on December 12, 2006 through the Def Jam label.	More Fish	Ghostface Killah
performer	``4 Words (To Choke Upon)'' is a song by Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine, the song is released as the second single from their second EP Hand of Blood and later their debut album The Poison.	4 Words (To Choke Upon)	Bullet for My Valentine
performer	``Long Train Runnin''' (or ``Long Train Running'') is a song recorded by The Doobie Brothers and written by band member Tom Johnston.	Long Train Runnin'	The Doobie Brothers
performer	Brez dlake na jeziku is a musical album by Adi Smolar.	Brez dlake na jeziku	Adi Smolar
performer	Luzbelito is the eighth album by Argentine rock band Patricio Rey y sus Redonditos de Ricota, released in 1996.	Luzbelito	Patricio Rey y sus Redonditos de Ricota
performer	We're Down Til We're Underground is the second and final studio album by the American hardcore band Give Up the Ghost.	We're Down Til We're Underground	Give Up the Ghost
performer	Hot Buttered Soul is the second studio album by American soul musician Isaac Hayes.	Hot Buttered Soul	Isaac Hayes
performer	``I Won't Be Crying'' is the Danish dance band Infernal's 3rd single released in the UK.	I Won't Be Crying	Infernal
performer	Visual Lies was the 3rd album by L.A. metal band Lizzy Borden and the only one to feature future David Lee Roth and Ozzy Osbourne guitarist Joe Holmes, credited as J. Holmes.	Visual Lies	Lizzy Borden
performer	Beta Love is the third studio album of the Syracuse-based indie rock band Ra Ra Riot.	Beta Love	Ra Ra Riot
performer	``Until I Met You'' is a country music song released as a single in 1986 by American country music artist, Judy Rodman.	Until I Met You	Judy Rodman
performer	Destroyer of Worlds is the tenth studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory.	Destroyer of Worlds	Bathory
performer	Good Nature is the only album by the Oxford based post-rock band Youthmovies.	Good Nature	Youthmovies
performer	Sinister Swing is the third studio album by South African recording artist Ashton Nyte, frontman for the Gothic rock band The Awakening.	Sinister Swing	Ashton Nyte
performer	May I Sing with Me is the fifth album released, in 1992, by indie rock band Yo La Tengo.	May I Sing with Me	Yo La Tengo
performer	Bend in the Road is an album by British blues musician Jeremy Spencer, who was a member of Fleetwood Mac from 1967--71.	Bend in the Road	Jeremy Spencer
performer	Warm Slime is a studio album by American psychedelic rock band Thee Oh Sees, released on May 11, 2010.	Warm Slime	Thee Oh Sees
performer	Voyage to India is the second studio album by American soul/R&B singer India.Arie, released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).	Voyage to India	India.Arie
performer	``Blood for Poppies'' is the 2012 lead single from alternative rock band Garbage's fifth studio album Not Your Kind of People, released to radio worldwide and as the band's Record Store Day single in the United States.	Blood for Poppies	Garbage
performer	Marika №5 is the fifth solo album by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1984.	Marika №5	Marika Gombitová
performer	``Hyacinth House'' is a 1971 song by The Doors which appears on their final album with frontman Jim Morrison, L.A. Woman.	Hyacinth House	The Doors
place of birth	Andrea Luchesi was born at Motta di Livenza, near Treviso the eleventh child of Pietro Luchese and Caterina Gottardi.	Andrea Luchesi	Motta di Livenza
place of death	Petter Stenborg (1719 -- 6 November 1781) was a Swedish actor and theater director who played an important role of the continuation of the native speaking theater in Sweden.	Petter Stenborg	Sweden
place of death	Giovanni Maria Lancisi (Latin name: Johannes Maria Lancisius) was educated at the Collegio Romano and the University of Rome, where he qualified in medicine aged 18.	Giovanni Maria Lancisi	Rome
place of death	František Vladislav Hek (April 11, 1769 in Dobruška, Bohemia -- September 4, 1847 in Letohrad - until 1950 Kyšperk, in German Geiersberg) was a Czech patriot active in early phases of the Czech National Revival, writer and composer.	František Vladislav Hek	Letohrad
place of death	Giovanni Rovetta (1596--1668) was an Italian Baroque composer and maestro di capella of the Capella Marciana at St Mark's Basilica, Venice between Monteverdi and Cavalli.	Giovanni Rovetta	Venice
place of death	Sante Cattaneo or Santo Cattaneo (August 8, 1739 -- 1819) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassic period, mainly active in Brescia.	Sante Cattaneo	Brescia
place of death	Kostas Choumis (Greek: Κώστας Χούμης, Romanian: Constantin ``Costică'' Humis, born 20 November 1913 in Piraeus, Greece - deceased 20 July 1981 in Athens) was a Greek-Romanian football player who played as a striker.	Kostas Choumis	Athens
place of death	Viktor Car Emin (Kraj at Mošćenička Draga, 1 November 1870 - Opatija, 17 April 1963) was a prominent Croatian writer.	Viktor Car Emin	Opatija
place of death	Georges Goyau : sa vie et son œuvre in his memory in 1947 Rue Georges Goyau in Bernay is named after him.	Georges Goyau	Bernay
place of death	Georg Ludolf Dissen (December 17, 1784 -- September 21, 1837) was a German classical philologist who was a native of Groß Schneen, a village in the District of Göttingen.	Georg Ludolf Dissen	Göttingen
place of death	Helen Bannerman, born Helen Brodie Cowan Watson (February 25, 1862 in Edinburgh -- October 13, 1946 in Edinburgh) was a Scottish author of children's books.	Helen Bannerman	Edinburgh
place of death	Anthony Fiala (September 19, 1869 -- April 8, 1950) was an American explorer, born in Jersey City, New Jersey, and educated at Cooper Union and the National Academy of Design, New York City.	Anthony Fiala	New York City
place of death	Cornelis Johannes Maks (August 22, 1876 -- October 28, 1967), known as Kees Maks, was a Dutch painter born in Amsterdam.	Kees Maks	Amsterdam
place of death	William Kelly Harrison (July 30, 1870 -- August 15, 1928) was born in Waco, Texas and died in San Diego, California.	William Kelly Harrison	San Diego
place of death	Rajiv Gandhi's last public meeting was on 21 May 1991, at Sriperumbudur, a village approximately 40 km (25 mi) from Chennai, where he was assassinated while campaigning for the Sriperumbudur Lok Sabha Congress candidate.	Rajiv Gandhi	Sriperumbudur
place of death	Fulchran-Jean Harriet (1776, Paris - 9 September 1805, Rome) was a French painter.	Fulchran-Jean Harriet	Rome
place of death	Vicente Blanco (born 15 March 1884 in Deusto -- 24 May 1957 in Bilbao) was a Spanish racing cyclist.	Vicente Blanco	Bilbao
place of death	Harry Valérien (4 November 1923 in Munich -- 12 October 2012 in Berg) was a German sports journalist.	Harry Valérien	Berg
place of death	In 1857 Nestor Kukolnik resigned and settled in Taganrog.	Nestor Kukolnik	Taganrog
place of death	Egon Terzetta (Bulgarian: Егон Терцета) (2 July 1899 Valona, Austro-Hungarian Empire, modern-day Albania - 16 August 1964 Genoa, Italy) was an Italian football player who played for SK Ticha and SC Vladislav from Varna, Bulgaria.	Egon Terzetta	Genoa
place of death	Eduard Schwyzer (15 February 1874, Zürich -- 3 May 1943, Berlin) was a Swiss Classical philologist and Indo-European linguist, specializing in Ancient Greek and Greek dialects.	Eduard Schwyzer	Berlin
place of death	Barkat Sidhu died of cancer in a hospital in Ludhiana on 17 August 2014.	Barkat Sidhu	Ludhiana
place of death	Francis Alison (1705--1779) was a leading minister in the Synod of Philadelphia during The Old Side-New Side Controversy	Francis Alison	Philadelphia
place of death	Henryk Gold (1902 -- 9 January 1977 in New York, USA) was a Polish Jewish composer, arranger, and orchestra director.	Henryk Gold	New York
place of death	Kalthoum Sarrai died in Paris on Tuesday 19 January 2010, of cancer at the age of 47.	Kalthoum Sarrai	Paris
place of death	Robert Hippolyte Chodat (4 June 1865, Moutier -- 28 April 1934) was a Swiss botanist and phycologist who was a professor and director of the botanical institute at the University of Geneva.	Robert Hippolyte Chodat	Geneva
place of death	Giovanni Giacomo Pandolfi (1567--1636) was an Italian painter, who was born and lived in Pesaro.	Giovanni Giacomo Pandolfi	Pesaro
place of death	Edward Joshua Cooper (May 1798 -- 23 April 1863) was an Irish landowner, politician and astronomer from Markree Castle in County Sligo.	Edward Joshua Cooper	Markree Castle
place of death	Ippolito Baccusi (also Baccusii, Hippolyti) (c.1550 -- 2 September 1609) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance, active in northern Italy, including Venice, Mantua, and Verona.	Ippolito Baccusi	Verona
place of death	Ugo Cerroni (born March 15, 1915 in Rome) was an Italian professional football player.	Ugo Cerroni	Rome
place of death	Carneades, the son of Epicomus or Philocomiis, was born at Cyrene, North Africa in 214/213 BC. He migrated early to Athens, and attended the lectures of the Stoics, and learned their logic from Diogenes.	Carneades	Athens
place of death	Jantina Tammes was born on 23 June 1871 in Groningen in the Netherlands.	Jantina Tammes	Groningen
place of death	Peter De Vries died at age 83 on September 28, 1993 in a Norwalk, Connecticut hospital.	Peter De Vries	Norwalk
place of death	The French artist Edgar Stoëbel (1909--2001), real name René Teboul Yechoua, was born in Frenda, Algeria, on 21 December 1909, and died in Paris in December 2001.	Edgar Stoëbel	Paris
place of death	Veronica Franco (1546--1591) was an Italian poet and courtesan in 16th-century Venice.	Veronica Franco	Venice
place of death	José Cruz Herrera (1 October 1890 -- 11 August 1972) was a Spanish painter who concentrated principally on genre works and landscape art. He worked in Spain, Uruguay, Argentina, France and especially Morocco, where he lived for much of his life in Casablanca.	José Cruz Herrera	Casablanca
place of death	Frederick de Jersey Clere (7 January 1856 -- 13 August 1952) was an architect in Wellington, New Zealand.	Frederick de Jersey Clere	Wellington
place of death	Silas Albertson Underhill was an orthodox Quaker, an attorney, and later an assistant clerk in the New York Supreme Court, Brooklyn.	Silas Albertson Underhill	Brooklyn
place of death	Vyacheslav Ivanovich Silin (1907--1975) was a leading Russian weapons engineer in the Soviet Union.	Vyacheslav Ivanovich Silin	Soviet Union
place of death	Erdmuthe Dorothea of Saxe-Zeitz (13 November 1661 -- 29 April 1720) was the wife of Duke Christian II of Saxe-Merseburg, whom she married on 14 October 1679 at Moritzburg Palace in Zeitz.	Erdmuthe Dorothea of Saxe-Zeitz	Merseburg
place of death	Ghassan Kanafani (Arabic:غسان كنفاني, April 9, 1936 in Akka, Palestine -- July 8, 1972 in Beirut, Lebanon) was a Palestinian writer and a leading member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine.	Ghassan Kanafani	Beirut
place of death	Christian Schneider (born 19 November 1887 in Kulmbach -- died 5 May 1972 in Heidelberg-Ziegelhausen) was a German chemist, industrial manager and, in the Third Reich, a Wehrwirtschaftsführer (war economy leader).	Christian Schneider	Ziegelhausen
place of death	Joseph Van Daele (16 December 1889 in Wattrelos, France -- 14 February 1948 in Amiens, France) was a Belgian champion cyclist who was a professional rider between 1912 and 1926.	Joseph Van Daele	Amiens
place of death	Aleksander Zarzycki (26 February 1834 in Lviv (Lemberg), Austria-Hungary (now Ukraine) -- 1 November 1895 in Warsaw) was a Polish pianist, composer and conductor.	Aleksander Zarzycki	Warsaw
place of death	Bonagiunta Orbicciani, also called Bonaggiunta and Urbicciani (ca. 1220 in Lucca -- 1290), was an Italian poet of the Tuscan School, which drew on the work of the Sicilian School.	Bonagiunta Orbicciani	Lucca
place of death	Albert van Spiers (baptized on 18 November 1665, Amsterdam -- buried on 9 November 1718, Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Albert van Spiers	Amsterdam
place of death	Tiberio Mitri (12 July 1926 in Trieste -- 12 February 2001 in Rome) was an Italian boxer who fought from 1946 to 1957.	Tiberio Mitri	Rome
place of death	Anas ibn Malik, was the last of the sahaba to die at Basra in 93 AH aged 103.	Anas ibn Malik	Basra
place of death	St. Birinus Church of England Liturgical Commission, 2000, page 13 Kirby, 2000, page 49 ``Welcome to the Catholic Church of St Birinus, Dorchester on Thames''.	Birinus	Dorchester on Thames
place of death	Blessed Baron Vilmos Apor de Altorja (February 29, 1892, Segesvár, Hungary -- April 2, 1945, Győr, Hungary) was the Bishop of Győr during World War II who became famous for protesting against the persecution of the Hungarian Jews.	Vilmos Apor	Győr
place of death	Ernst Alexander Rauter (27 April 1929 in Klagenfurt -- 8 March 2006 in Munich) was an Austrian uncommitted leftist author, journalist and self--taught language critic.	Ernst Alexander Rauter	Munich
place of death	Sheila Tracy died at the age of 80, on 30 September 2014, at the Princess Alice Hospice in Esher, Surrey.	Sheila Tracy	Esher
place of death	Luise von Göchhausen (13 February 1752, Eisenach - 7 September 1807, Weimar) was Chief Lady-in-Waiting to duchess Anna Amalia of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel.	Luise von Göchhausen	Weimar
place of death	Alexander Fu Sheng (20 October 1954 -- 7 July 1983), born Cheung Fu-Sheng (張富聲), also known as Fu Sheng was a Hong Kong martial arts film star in the 1970s.	Alexander Fu Sheng	Hong Kong
place of death	Prince Christian of Schaumburg-Lippe (German: Christian zu Schaumburg-Lippe; 20 February 1898, Ödenburg, Hungary -- 13 July 1974, Bückeburg) was a German prince and head of the Náchod branch of the princely house of Schaumburg-Lippe.	Prince Christian of Schaumburg-Lippe	Bückeburg
place of death	Nicolas-Didier Boguet (18 February 1755, Chantilly, Oise - 1 April 1839, Rome) was a French landscape painter.	Nicolas-Didier Boguet	Rome
place of death	Alexander Lakier was born in the city of Taganrog in 1825.	Alexander Lakier	Taganrog
place of death	Johannes Enschedé IV (20 November 1811 in Haarlem --16 August 1878 in Haarlem) was a Haarlem newspaper editor and printer.	Johannes Enschedé IV	Haarlem
place of death	George Edward Post (1838--1909) was a professor of surgery at the Syrian Protestant College in Beirut, now the American University of Beirut (AUB).	George Edward Post	Beirut
place of death	Eventually, a young German student named Ilona Sommer (birth name: Goebel) helped Moondog set up the primary holding company for his artistic endeavors and hosted him, first in Oer-Erkenschwick, and later on in Münster in Westphalia, Germany.	Moondog	Münster
place of death	Abraham Hinckelmann (2 May 1652, Döbeln, Electorate of Saxony -- 11 February 1695), a German Protestant theologian, was an Islamologist who was the first to print a complete Qur'an in Hamburg.	Abraham Hinckelmann	Hamburg
place of death	Clément-Charles Sabrevois de Bleury died September 15, 1862 at his manor house at Saint-Vincent-de-Paul, near Laval, Canada East at the age of 63.	Clément-Charles Sabrevois de Bleury	Saint-Vincent-de-Paul
place of death	Francesc Xavier Butinyà i Hospital (Banyoles, April 16, 1834 -- Tarragona, December 18, 1899) was a Catalan missionary Jesuit, teacher and writer and the founder of two religious congregations of Sisters.	Francesc Xavier Butinyà i Hospital	Tarragona
place of death	Gordon Burford died on 12 March 2010, following a fall at his home in Currumbin Queensland.	Gordon Burford	Queensland
place of death	Victor Hémery died at Le Mans, France, on September 9, 1950, at the 73 years old.	Victor Hémery	Le Mans
place of death	Colonel Hubert Zemke died August 30, 1994 in Oroville, California.	Hubert Zemke	California
place of death	Hafız Ahmed Pasha (1564 in Plovdiv, Bulgaria -- 10 February 1632 in Istanbul), also known by epithet Müezzinzade (``muezzin's son''), was an Ottoman grand vizier.	Hafız Ahmed Pasha	Istanbul
place of death	However, although both kings were killed in battle, Chlochilaicus/Hygelac was killed near the coast of France/Frisia, while Hugleik was killed at Fyrisvellir in Sweden.	Hugleik	Fyrisvellir
place of death	Elizabeth Choy (29 November 1910 -- 14 September 2006), birth name Yong Su-Moi, OBE, was a Singaporean educator and councillor who is regarded as a war heroine in Singapore.	Elizabeth Choy	Singapore
place of death	Anton Pilgram (also Anton Pilchramb) (around 1460, Brno (?) -- 1516, Vienna) was a late medieval Austrian (German) architect and sculptor active in the area of today's Czech Republic (Moravia), Austria and western Germany.	Anton Pilgram	Vienna
place of death	Tadeusz Jasiński (1926 -- 21 September 1939 in Grodno) - was one of the young defenders of Grodno (see Battle of Grodno (1939)) in September 1939, after the Soviet invasion of Poland.	Tadeusz Jasiński	Grodno
place of death	Marten Jozef Geeraerts (1707-1791), a Flemish historical painter, born at Antwerp, was intended for the law, and studied in the Jesuits' College.	Marten Jozef Geeraerts	Antwerp
place of death	Axel Boëthius (July 18, 1889 in Arvika, Sweden -- May 7, 1969 in Rome, Italy) was a scholar and archaeologist of Etruscan culture.	Axel Boëthius	Rome
place of death	Baron Pierre de Caters (born Berchem, 25 December 1875 -- died Paris, 21 March 1944) was a Belgian adventurer, aviator and car and motorboat racer.	Pierre de Caters	Paris
place of death	Yuri Pavlovich Rachmaninov (Russian: Ю́рий Па́влович Рахма́нинов; born 20 July 1936 in Moscow -- died 18 June 2007 in Moscow) was a Soviet and Russian scientist and engineer.	Yuri Pavlovich Rachmaninov	Moscow
place of death	On July 14, 1455, Kunz von Kaufungen was beheaded by order of Frederick at the marketplace of Freiberg.	Kunz von Kaufungen	Freiberg
place of death	Stanisław Gołąb (July 26, 1902 -- April 30, 1980) was a Polish mathematician from Kraków, working in particular on the field of affine geometry.	Stanisław Gołąb	Kraków
place of death	László Ney (also known as Lancelot Ney) (26 July 1900, Budapest - 1965, Paris) was a Hungarian graphic artist.	László Ney	Paris
place of death	Benediktos Adamantiades (Greek: Βενέδικτος Αδαμαντιάδης; Bursa, 1875 -- Athens, 1962) was a Greek ophthalmologist.	Benediktos Adamantiades	Athens
place of death	Johann Adolf II, Duke of Saxe-Weissenfels (Weissenfels, 4 September 1685 -- Leipzig, 16 May 1746), was the last duke of Saxe-Weissenfels-Querfurt and a member of the House of Wettin.	Johann Adolf II, Duke of Saxe-Weissenfels	Leipzig
place of death	Herman Haupt (Philadelphia, March 26, 1817 -- Jersey City, December 14, 1905) was an American civil engineer and railroad construction engineer and executive.	Herman Haupt	Jersey City
place of death	Henri Valois (September 10, 1603, in Paris -- May 7, 1676, in Paris) or in classical circles, Henricus Valesius, was a philologist and a student of classical and ecclesiastical historians.	Henri Valois	Paris
place of death	Papiya Ghosh was a historian of South Asian history and a professor of the University of Patna, India.	Papiya Ghosh	Patna
place of death	Jonas Jablonskis (December 30, 1860, Kubilėliai, Šakiai district -- February 23, 1930, Kaunas) was a distinguished Lithuanian linguist and one of the founders of the standard Lithuanian language.	Jonas Jablonskis	Kaunas
place of death	Joseph de Jussieu (3 September 1704 in Lyon -- 11 April 1779 in Paris), was a French botanist and explorer, member of the Jussieu family.	Joseph de Jussieu	Paris
place of death	Giovanni Battista Borea d'Olmo was born in Genoa, Kingdom of Sardinia on 11 October 1831 and died in Sanremo the 19 October 1936 at 105 years He was a member of Italian Senate from 18 November 1922 to his death.	Giovanni Battista Borea d'Olmo	Sanremo
place of death	John Matshikiza was born in Johannesburg, South Africa, to Todd Matshikiza - renowned jazz pianist, composer and journalist - and Esme Matshikiza.	John Matshikiza	Johannesburg
place of death	Domenico Ghirlandaio (Italian: (doˈmeːniko ɡirlanˈdaːjo); 1449 -- 11 January 1494) was an Italian Renaissance painter from Florence.	Domenico Ghirlandaio	Florence
place of death	Wenzel Krumpholz, or Václav Krumpholz (born at Zlonice, near Prague in 1750, died Vienna May 2, 1817) was a musician who played mandolin and violin.	Wenzel Krumpholz	Vienna
place of death	Rudolph Zacharias Becker (9 April 1752 in Erfurt, Archbishopric of Mainz -- 28 March 1822 in Gotha) was a German educator and author.	Rudolph Zacharias Becker	Gotha
place of death	Henri-Jacques de Croes (baptised 19 September 1705 in Antwerp, died 16 August 1786 in Brussels) was a composer and violinist from the Austrian Netherlands, nowadays Belgium.	Henri-Jacques de Croes	Brussels
place of death	Marian Rułka (22 July 1929, in Lublin -- 13 November 1983, in Warsaw) was a Polish theatre and film actor.	Marian Rułka	Warsaw
place of death	Luigi Denza (24 February 1846 in Castellammare di Stabia -- 27 January 1922 in London) was an Italian composer.	Luigi Denza	London
place of death	Frank Socolow (September 18, 1923 -- April 30, 1981), born in New York City, was a jazz saxophonist and oboist, noted for his tenor playing.	Frank Socolow	New York City
place of death	Anton Gindely (Czech: Antonín Gindely, 3 September 1829, Prague - 24 October 1892) was a Bohemian historian, a son of an Hungarian German father and a Czech mother, born in Prague.	Anton Gindely	Prague
place of death	Charles Howard Hodges (1764, Portsmouth -- July 24, 1837 Amsterdam), was a British painter active in the Netherlands during the French occupation of 18th and early 19th century.	Charles Howard Hodges	Amsterdam
place of death	Jean-Rémy Palanque (7 March 1898 in Marseille -- 2 June 1988) was a professor of ancient history at the Faculty of Letters of Montpellier, then at the University of Aix-en-Provence.	Jean-Rémy Palanque	Aix-en-Provence
place of death	Born as José Roberto Hill del Rivero in Mexico City, he appeared in plays, films, and telenovelas (soap operas).	José Roberto Hill	Mexico City
place of death	André Bizette-Lindet was born in 1906 in Savenay and died in Sèvres in 1988.	André Bizette-Lindet	Sèvres
place of death	Karl Selter (born June 24, 1898 in Koeru, Estonia - died January 31, 1958 in Geneva, Switzerland) was an Estonian politician and a Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia.	Karl Selter	Geneva
place of death	Christian Friedrich Ludwig (19 May 1757, Leipzig -- 8 July 1823, Leipzig) was a German physician and naturalist.	Christian Friedrich Ludwig	Leipzig
place of death	Nicolás de Villacis (9 September 1616 - 8 April 1694) was a Spanish Baroque painter from Murcia, a disciple of Diego Velázquez.	Nicolás de Villacis	Murcia
place of death	Arnold Wycombe Gomme (16 November 1886 -- 17 January 1959) was a British classical scholar, lecturer in ancient Greek and Greek history (1911--1945), professor of ancient Greek, University of Glasgow (1946--1957), fellow of the British Academy (1947).	Arnold Wycombe Gomme	Glasgow
place of death	Friedrich Allmacher was killed on 26 December 1944 near Berzi, Latvia, in the Courland Pocket.	Friedrich Allmacher	Latvia
place of death	Amasa Learned (November 15, 1750 -- May 4, 1825) was an American preacher, lawyer, and politician from New London, Connecticut.	Amasa Learned	New London
place of death	Léon Printemps was born in Paris to a family which originally hailed from Lille.	Léon Printemps	Paris
place of death	Vittoria della Rovere, Grand Duchess of Tuscany, died in Pisa in 1694 at the age of seventy-two.	Vittoria della Rovere	Pisa
place of death	Sven Delblanc, born May 26, 1931 in Swan River, Manitoba, Canada, died December 15, 1992 in Sunnersta, Gottsunda Parish, Uppsala, Sweden was a Swedish author and professor of literature.	Sven Delblanc	Uppsala
place of death	Charles Lallemant (or Lalemant), (November 17, 1587 -- November 18, 1674) was born in Paris in 1587 and later became the first Superior of the Jesuit Missions amongst the Huron in Canada.	Charles Lallemant	Paris
place of death	Henry Ries (September 22, 1917 -- May 24, 2004) was a photographer who worked for New York Times.	Henry Ries	New York
place of death	Anthonie van der Heim (28 November 1693, The Hague -- 17 July 1746, 's-Hertogenbosch) was Grand Pensionary of Holland from 4 April 1737 to 17 July 1746.	Anthonie van der Heim	's-Hertogenbosch
place of death	Leon Chwistek (Kraków, Austria-Hungary, 13 June 1884 -- 20 August 1944, Barvikha near Moscow, Russia) was a Polish avant-garde painter, theoretician of modern art, literary critic, logician, philosopher and mathematician.	Leon Chwistek	Barvikha	Moscow
place of death	Pietro Grossi (15 April 1917 in Venice -- 2002 in Florence) was an Italian composer pioneer of computer music, visual artist and hacker ahead of his time.	Pietro Grossi	Florence
place of death	Johann Gotthard von Müller (4 May 1747 in Bernhausen, near Stuttgart -- 14 March 1830 in Stuttgart) was a German line engraver.	Johann Gotthard von Müller	Stuttgart
place of death	Anna Riwkin-Brick or just Anna Riwkin (Surazh, Chernigov Governorate, Russia 23 June (O.S. 10 June) 1908 -- Tel Aviv 19 December 1970) was a Russian-born Swedish photographer.	Anna Riwkin-Brick	Tel Aviv
place of death	Upon his retirement in 1976, he sold the instrument and established the Zino Francescatti Foundation, to assist young violinists, in La Ciotat.	Zino Francescatti	La Ciotat
place of death	Carl Geigy (* 24 June 1860 in Steinen, Baden-Württemberg, died 3 January 1943 in Münchenstein) (also Karl) was a famous Swiss Philanthropist.	Carl Geigy	Münchenstein
place of death	Richard Crawford White (April 29, 1923 -- February 18, 1998) was a Democratic politician from El Paso, Texas, who served in the Texas House of Representatives from 1955 to 1959 and in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1965 to 1983.	Richard Crawford White	El Paso
place of death	David Bailly apprenticed with a surgeon-painter Adriaan Verburg in Leiden and then with Cornelius van der Voort, a portrait painter in Amsterdam.	David Bailly	Leiden
place of death	On September 24, 1984, a tribute to Blanche Sweet was held at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.	Blanche Sweet	New York City
place of death	Nur Devlet took part in the struggle against the Golden Horde and while the great prince faced Tatars Nur Devlet was fun and captured the capital; was likely to reward the great prince named khan Kasimov Daniya Khan when he died in 1486.	Nur Devlet	Kasimov
place of death	Heinrich Brocksieper (* April 15, 1898 in Hagen, † April 24, 1968 in Hagen) was a German photographer, experimental filmmaker and painter.	Heinrich Brocksieper	Hagen
place of death	Arthur Lindo Patterson (23 July 1902, Nelson, New Zealand - 6 November 1966, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was a pioneering British X-ray crystallographer.	Arthur Lindo Patterson	Philadelphia
place of death	Arthur Fitger grew up in the grand ducal Posthaus in Delmenhorst which was also an inn which functioned as stopover for change of horses (postillions) and postal/customs exchange between Oldenburg and Bremen (part of the Thurn und Taxis network of the Holy Roman Empire).	Arthur Fitger	Bremen
place of death	Sir Emmanuel Charles Quist, OBE, also known as Paa Quist (1880, Christianborg, Accra -- 30 March 1959) was a barrister and the first Ghanaian Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the Gold Coast and the first Speaker of the Parliament of Ghana.	Emmanuel Charles Quist	Accra
place of death	Bohuslav Chňoupek (August 10, 1925, Petržalka (now part of Bratislava) -- June 28, 2004, Prague) was a Czechoslovak politician, journalist and writer.	Bohuslav Chňoupek	Prague
place of death	Guillermo Meneses (Caracas, 15 December 1911 - Porlamar, Nueva Esparta, 29 December 1978) was a Venezuelan writer, playwright, and journalist.	Guillermo Meneses	Porlamar
place of death	Diego de Arana (Cordoba, Spain, 1468 - Haiti, 1493) was governor of the first documented Spanish settlement in the New World, at La Navidad.	Diego de Arana	La Navidad
place of death	Camillo Praschniker (13 October 1884, Vienna -- 1 October 1949, Vienna) was an Austrian archaeologist.	Camillo Praschniker	Vienna
place of death	Luke Jordan (January 28, 1892 -- June 25, 1952) was an American blues guitarist and vocalist of some renown, particularly in his local area of Lynchburg, Virginia, United States.	Luke Jordan	Lynchburg
place of death	Friedrich Sustris (* ca. 1540 in Padua; † 1599 in Munich) was an Italian-Dutch painter, decorator and architect.	Friedrich Sustris	Munich
place of death	Willem Maris (18 February 1844, The Hague -- 10 October 1910, The Hague) was a Dutch landscape painter of the Hague School.	Willem Maris	The Hague
place of death	Dr. Karl Otto Hunziker died 23 May 1909 in Kilchberg, Canton Zürich.	Karl Otto Hunziker	Kilchberg
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Barla (3 May 1817, Nice -- 6 November 1896) was a French botanist.	Jean-Baptiste Barla	Nice
place of death	Kulyash Baiseitova (Kazakh: Күләш Жасынқызы Бәйсейітова; Russian: Куляш Жасымовна Байсеитова; 1912, Almaty -- 6 June 1957, Moscow) was a Soviet Kazakh opera singer.	Kulyash Baiseitova	Moscow
place of death	Karl Ferdinand Sohn (December 10, 1805 in Berlin -- November 25, 1867 in Cologne) was a German painter of the Düsseldorf school of painting.	Karl Ferdinand Sohn	Cologne
place of death	Friedrich Karl Florian (4 February 1894 in Essen -- 24 October 1975 in Mettmann) was the Gauleiter of Düsseldorf in Nazi Germany.	Friedrich Karl Florian	Mettmann
place of death	Andrey Kolmogorov was born in Tambov, about 500 kilometers south-southeast of Moscow, in 1903.	Andrey Kolmogorov	Moscow
place of death	Tommaso Caudera (born July 26, 1907 in Turin) was an Italian professional football player.	Tommaso Caudera	Turin
place of death	A native of Cleveland, Ohio, Gus Heege was the son of a prominent member of the city's police department.	Gus Heege	Cleveland
place of death	Agostino Gemelli, O.F.M., (18 January 1878 -- 15 July 1959) was an Italian Franciscan friar, physician and psychologist, who was also the founder and first Rector of Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore of Milan (Catholic University of the Sacred Heart).	Agostino Gemelli	Milan
place of death	Marie Popelin was born in Schaerbeek near Brussels into a middle-class family.	Marie Popelin	Brussels
place of death	Douglas William Jerrold (London 3 January 1803 -- 8 June 1857 London) was an English dramatist and writer.	Douglas William Jerrold	London
place of death	Richard Pottier (June 6, 1906, Graz -- November 2, 1994, Le Plessis-Bouchard) was an Austrian-born French film director.	Richard Pottier	Le Plessis-Bouchard
place of death	Everette Lee DeGolyer (October 9, 1886 -- December 14, 1956), was a prominent oilman, geophysicist and philanthropist in Dallas.	Everette Lee DeGolyer	Dallas
place of death	Richard Barton (30 August 1790 -- 20 August 1866) was the first European resident of Trentham, Upper Hutt, in New Zealand.	Richard Barton	Trentham
place of death	Otto Max Helmuth von Glasenapp (8 September 1891 -- 25 June 1963) was a German indologist and religious scholar who taught as a professor at the University of Konigsberg in East Prussia (1928--1944) and Tübingen (1946--1959).	Helmuth von Glasenapp	Tübingen
place of death	After his death from complications arising from influenza, his Kokomo mansion was converted into the Elwood Haynes Museum and is open to the public where many of his original inventions and automobiles are on display.	Elwood Haynes	Kokomo
place of death	Jacobus Enschedé I (19 March 1753 in Haarlem --1 January 1783 in Haarlem) was a Haarlem newspaper editor and printer.	Jacobus Enschedé	Haarlem
place of death	Adolph Bermbach (1822-1875) was a German lawyer who worked in Cologne.	Adolph Bermbach	Cologne
place of death	François Mathias René Leprieur (18 April 1799, Saint-Dié-des-Vosges -- 16 July 1870, Cayenne) was a French pharmacist and naturalist.	François Mathias René Leprieur	Cayenne
place of death	Moritz Wilhelm Drobisch (August 16, 1802, in Leipzig -- September 30, 1896, in Leipzig) was a German mathematician, logician, psychologist and philosopher.	Moritz Wilhelm Drobisch	Leipzig
place of death	Jonas Basanavičius ( pronunciation , Polish: Jan Basanowicz; 23 November 1851 in Ožkabaliai -16 February 1927 in Vilnius) was an activist and proponent of Lithuanian National Revival and founder of the first Lithuanian language newspaper Aušra.	Jonas Basanavičius	Vilnius
place of death	Henri Debain (August 3, 1886 - January 15, 1983 in Paris) was a French film actor.	Henri Debain	Paris
place of death	Paul Sutton (May 14, 1910, Albuquerque, New Mexico - January 31, 1970, Ferndale, Michigan) was an American film actor, appearing mostly in uncredited roles, and most often in low budget B-movies during the 1930s and 1940s.	Paul Sutton	Ferndale
place of death	Caspar Bartholin the Younger (/bɑːrˈtoʊlɪn, ˈbɑːrtəlɪn/; Latinized: Caspar Bartholin Secundus; 10 September 1655 in Copenhagen -- 11 June 1738), was a Danish anatomist who first described the ``Bartholin's gland'' in the 17th century.	Caspar Bartholin the Younger	Copenhagen
place of death	Giacomo Lercaro (October 28, 1891 -- October 18, 1976) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Ravenna from 1947 to 1952, and Archbishop of Bologna from 1952 to 1968.	Giacomo Lercaro	Bologna
place of death	Jean Beaufret (French: (bofʁɛ); 2 May 1907, Auzances -- 7 August 1982, Paris) was a French philosopher and Germanist tremendously influential in the reception of Martin Heidegger's work in France.	Jean Beaufret	Paris
place of death	Enrique Grau died of pulmonary complications at a hospital in Bogotá, Colombia, at the age of 83.	Enrique Grau	Bogotá
place of death	Alexander Hislop (born Duns, Berwickshire, 1807; died Arbroath, 13 March 1865) was a Free Church of Scotland minister known for his criticisms of the Roman Catholic Church.	Alexander Hislop	Arbroath
place of death	Afterwards, Jean Carbonnier taught at the University of Paris and at Panthéon-Assas University until 1976.	Jean Carbonnier	Paris
place of death	Lêdo Ivo (Maceió, 18 February 1924 -Seville, 23 December 2012) was a Brazilian poet, novelist, essayist and journalist.	Lêdo Ivo	Seville
place of death	Lamberto II da Polenta (died 1347) was briefly jointly lord of Ravenna and Cervia from 1346 until his death.	Lamberto II da Polenta	Cervia
place of death	Barbara Howes (May 1, 1914 New York City - February 24, 1996 Bennington, Vermont) was an American poet.	Barbara Howes	Bennington
place of death	Juan Manuel Tenuta (Fray Bentos, Uruguay, 23 January 1924 -- Buenos Aires, Argentina, 5 November 2013) was a Uruguayan actor, active in Argentina.	Juan Manuel Tenuta	Buenos Aires
place of death	Herbert von Bose (16 March 1893 Strasbourg -- 30 June 1934 Berlin) was head of the press division of the Vice Chancellery (Reichsvizekanzlei) in Germany under Vice Chancellor Franz von Papen.	Herbert von Bose	Berlin
place of death	Ben-Zion Orgad (Hebrew: בן ציון אורגד, originally Ben-Zion Büschel; b. Gelsenkirchen, Germany, 21 August 1926; d. Tel Aviv, Israel, 28 April 2006) was an Israeli composer.	Ben-Zion Orgad	Tel Aviv
place of death	Edith Lefel (November 1963, in Cayenne, French Guiana - 20 January 2003, in Dreux, France) was a French-based singer Lefel's mother was from French Guiana and her father from the island of Martinique.	Edith Lefel	Dreux
place of death	Karl Ast (pseudonym: Karl Rumor, born February 19, 1886 in the town of Orava / Livonia; died 9 July 1971 in New York City) was an Estonian writer and politician.	Karl Ast	New York City
place of death	Rudolf Eisler (7 January 1873, Vienna -- 14 December 1926, Vienna) was an Austrian Jewish philosopher.	Rudolf Eisler	Vienna
place of death	Varaz Samuelian estimated that during his career he created a thousand works of art, including a monumental statue of the Armenian folkloric legend David of Sassoun in front of the Fresno County Courthouse.	Varaz Samuelian	Fresno
place of death	Beremundo González Rodríguez (Petín, 1909-Paris, 1986) was a Galician writer and communist politician.	Beremundo González Rodríguez	Paris
place of death	Frank Taffel (né Shrage Fyvel Tafel, Krystynopol, then Galicia, Austria-Hungary, now Chervonohrad, Ukraine, March 10, 1877; died 7 July 1947, Savannah, Georgia, age 70) was a journalist, a founder of Congregation Beth Jacob (Atlanta), and an advocate of Jewish causes.	Frank Taffel	Savannah
place of death	Nicolas Appert (17 November 1749 Châlons-sur-Marne (present Châlons-en-Champagne), present Marne -- 1 June 1841 Massy), was the French inventor of airtight food preservation.	Nicolas Appert	Massy
place of death	Vittorina Vivenza (Villalba, 6 June 1912 - Aosta 3 April 2007) was an Italian versatile athlete.	Vittorina Vivenza	Aosta
place of death	Vladimir Osipovich Sherwood (Russian: Владимир Осипович Шервуд, also spelled Shervud, August 30, 1832, Istleyevo, Tambov Governorate -- July 27, 1897) was a Russian painter and architect who worked in Moscow.	Vladimir Osipovich Sherwood	Moscow
place of death	Jürgen Dethloff (b. 12 May 1924 in Stettin; d. 31 December 2002 in Hamburg) was a German inventor and engineer.	Jürgen Dethloff	Hamburg
place of death	Fisher Ames (/eɪmz/; April 9, 1758 -- July 4, 1808) was a Representative in the United States Congress from the 1st Congressional District of Massachusetts.	Fisher Ames	Massachusetts
place of death	Julien Lootens (2 August 1876, Wevelgem, Belgium - 5 August 1942, Brussels, Belgium) was an early twentieth century Belgian cyclist who participated in the 1903 Tour de France and finished seventh.	Julien Lootens	Brussels
place of death	Giorgio Ghisi (1520 -- 15 December 1582) was an Italian engraver from Mantua who also worked in Antwerp and in France.	Giorgio Ghisi	Mantua
place of death	George McDuffie died at his estate ``Cherry Hill'' in Sumter County, South Carolina, on March 11, 1851.	George McDuffie	Sumter County
place of death	John Wood, the Elder, (1704 -- 23 May 1754, Bath), was an English architect, working mainly in Bath.	John Wood, the Elder	Bath
place of death	On 14 December 1947, on the flight back to Indonesia, the plane -- piloted by Iswahyudi -- suffered a structural failure and crashed in Tanjung Hantu, Malaysia.	Iswahyudi	Malaysia
place of death	Oskar Seyffert (19 February 1862, Dresden -- 22 February 1940, Dresden) was a German art professor at the Königliche Kunstgewerbeschule (``Royal Art and Vocational School'') in the Kingdom of Saxony.	Oskar Seyffert	Dresden
place of death	François Jean de Graindorge d'Orgeville, baron de Mesnil-Durand, known as François-Jean de Mesnil-Durand (1 September 1736, Mesnil-Durand - 13 thermidor year VII, i.e. 31 July 1799, London) was a French tactician.	François-Jean de Mesnil-Durand	London
place of death	Fernand Léger died at his home in 1955 and is buried in Gif-sur-Yvette, Essonne.	Fernand Léger	Gif-sur-Yvette
place of death	Félix Biet (1838 in Langres, Haute-Marne -- 1901 in Saint-Cyr-au-Mont-d'Or) was a French missionary from Paris Foreign Missions Society and naturalist.	Félix Biet	Saint-Cyr-au-Mont-d'Or
place of death	Ewald Meltzer (11 August 1869 in Auerbach/Vogtland - 30 January 1940 in Herrnhut, Oberlausitz) was a German director of an asylum in Saxony whose work had an influence on the Nazis to justify their T-4 Euthanasia Program.	Ewald Meltzer	Herrnhut
place of death	Blaesilla (died 384) was the daughter of Paula, and sister of Eustochium, from one of the Senatorial families of Ancient Rome.	Blaesilla	Rome
place of death	Adolf Emil Büchner (December 7, 1826, Osterfeld -- June 9, 1908, Erfurt) was a German conductor and bandmaster.	Emil Büchner	Erfurt
place of death	Beata Kitsikis (Greek: Μπεάτα Κιτσίκη; July 14, 1907, Heraklion, Cretan State - February 7, 1986, Athens), was a Greek feminist and a Communist fighter in the Greek Civil War at the end of the Second World War.	Beata Kitsikis	Athens
place of death	Alfred Uhl (June 5, 1909 in Vienna -- June 8, 1992 in Vienna) was an Austrian composer, violist, music teacher and conductor.	Alfred Uhl	Vienna
place of death	Wilhelm Alzinger (August 11, 1928 in Vienna -- January 2, 1998 in Vienna) was an Austrian archaeologist.	Wilhelm Alzinger	Vienna
place of death	Barbara of Brandenburg-Ansbach-Kulmbach (24 September 1495 in Ansbach -- 23 September 1552 in Karlovy Vary) was a princess of Brandenburg-Ansbach by birth and marriage Landgravine of Leuchtenberg.	Barbara of Brandenburg-Ansbach-Kulmbach	Karlovy Vary
place of death	Patricia Tobacco Forrester (September 17, 1940 Northampton, Massachusetts -- March 16, 2011 Washington, D.C.) was an American watercolorist.	Patricia Tobacco Forrester	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Reiner Geye (born 22 November 1949 in Duisburg; died 8 August 2002 in Mainz) was a German football player.	Reiner Geye	Mainz
place of death	Luciano Nezzo (Badia Polesine, September, 1856 -- Urbino, 1903) was an Italian painter, painting both history and genre subjects.	Luciano Nezzo	Urbino
place of death	Simon E. Jacobsohn (born December 24, 1839 in Mitau, Kurland, Russian Empire; died October 3, 1902 in Chicago, Illinois, USA) was a Russian-American violinist.	Simon E. Jacobsohn	Chicago
place of death	Willem van Haren died in Sint-Oedenrode.	Willem van Haren	Sint-Oedenrode
place of death	Ivan Hryhorovych-Barskyi or Ivan Grigorovich-Barsky (Ukrainian: Іван Григорович Григорович-Барський) (born 1713 - died 1785 in Kiev) is a Ukrainian architect who worked in the Late Cossack Baroque style.	Ivan Hryhorovych-Barskyi	Kiev
place of death	Admiral Frank Jack Fletcher died on April 25, 1973, four days before his 88th birthday at the Bethesda Naval Hospital in Bethesda, Maryland.	Frank Jack Fletcher	Bethesda
place of death	Eugenia Umińska (4 October 1910, Warsaw -- 20 November 1980, Kraków) was a Polish violinist.	Eugenia Umińska	Kraków
place of death	Giuliana Camerino (née Coen; December 8, 1920 -- May 10, 2010) was an Italian fashion designer who founded the Roberta di Camerino fashion house in Venice, the only major Italian fashion brand to be based in the historic seafaring and trading city.	Giuliana Camerino	Venice
place of death	Alfred Malherbe (14 July 1804 -- 14 August 1865) was a French magistrate and amateur naturalist born in Mauritius to family originally from Metz.	Alfred Malherbe	Metz
place of death	Arcadius Kahan (January 16, 1920 -- 1982) was a noted 20th-century economic historian and Professor at the University of Chicago.	Arcadius Kahan	Chicago
place of death	Hulda Garborg also participated in politics, and represented the Liberal Left Party in Asker municipal council.	Hulda Garborg	Asker
place of death	Count Agenor Romuald Gołuchowski (8 February 1812, Skala-Podilska, Galicia - 3 August 1875, Lviv, Galicia) was a Polish-Austrian conservative politician, member of parliament of Austria, Minister of Interior and governor of Galicia, and father of Agenor Maria Gołuchowski and Adam Gołuchowski.	Agenor Romuald Gołuchowski	Lviv
place of death	Saint Alfanus I or Alfano I (died 1085) was the Archbishop of Salerno from 1058 to his death.	Alfanus I	Salerno
place of death	Philip Christoph von Königsmarck or Philipp Christoph Königsmarck, (Stade, 4 March 1665 -- 2 July 1694, Hanover) was a Swedish count of Brandenburgian extraction and a soldier.	Philip Christoph von Königsmarck	Hanover
place of death	Lucida Mansi (Lucca, c. 1606 -- Lucca, c. February 12, 1649) was an Italian noblewoman, and the subject of a legend in the province of Lucca, Italy.	Lucida Mansi	Lucca
place of death	Michael Henry Heim (January 21, 1943 -- September 29, 2012) was a Professor of Slavic Languages at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA).	Michael Henry Heim	Los Angeles
place of death	John Samuel Sherburne (1757 -- August 2, 1830) was a lawyer, politician, and United States federal judge from Portsmouth, New Hampshire.	John Samuel Sherburne	Portsmouth
place of death	Godfried van Mierlo, O.P. (February 2, 1518, Helmond -- July 28, 1587, Deventer), was a Dominican friar who served as the Bishop of Haarlem and the last direct Abbot of Egmond Abbey from 1570 to 1578.	Godfried van Mierlo	Deventer
place of death	Luigi Barzini, Jr. (Milan, December 21, 1908 -- Rome, March 30, 1984) was an Italian journalist, writer and politician most famous for his 1964 book The Italians, delving deeply into the Italian national character and introducing many Anglo-Saxon readers to Italian life and culture.	Luigi Barzini, Jr.	Rome
place of death	Günther XLI, Count of Schwarzburg-Arnstadt, nicknamed ``the Quarrelsome'' or Bellicosus, (25 September 1529 in Sondershausen -- 23 May 1583 in Antwerp) was the ruling count of Schwarzburg from 1552 to 1571 and then Count of Schwarzburg-Arnstadt until his death.	Günther XLI, Count of Schwarzburg-Arnstadt	Antwerp
place of death	Victor Zarnowitz (born 1919 in Oświęcim Poland, d. 21 February 2009 in New York City) was a leading scholar on business cycles, indicators, and forecast evaluation.	Victor Zarnowitz	New York City
place of death	According to the chapter on Artaxerxes II in Plutarch's Life, a young Persian soldier named Mithridates unknowingly struck Cyrus the Younger during the Battle of Cunaxa (Greek: Κούναξα), making him fall from his horse, dazed.	Cyrus the Younger	Battle of Cunaxa
place of death	Étienne Bézout (French: (bezu); 31 March 1730 -- 27 September 1783) was a French mathematician who was born in Nemours, Seine-et-Marne, France, and died in Avon (near Fontainebleau), France.	Étienne Bézout	Fontainebleau
place of death	Olaf Broch (4 August 1867, Horten -- 28 January 1961, Oslo) was a Norwegian linguist.	Olaf Broch	Oslo
place of death	Norman Cohen (11 June 1936, Dublin -- 26 October 1983, Van Nuys, California) was an Irish film director and producer, best known for directing two feature films based on television comedy programmes, Till Death Us Do Part (1969) and Dad's Army (1971).	Norman Cohen	Van Nuys
place of death	Louis Dejean (June 9, 1872 in Paris -- January 6, 1953 in Paris), was a French sculptor and engraver.	Louis Dejean	Paris
place of death	Walter Scheler (born Sonneberg 18 April 1923: died Jena 19 August 2008) was, by the time he retired, an East German clerical worker.	Walter Scheler	Jena
place of death	Pieter Hofman (1640, Antwerp -- 1692, Rome), was a Flemish Baroque painter.	Pieter Hofman	Rome
place of death	Jaan Arder (born February 26, 1952, Tallinn -- July 24, 2014) was an Estonian singer.	Jaan Arder	Tallinn
place of death	Bolesław Domański (*1872 in Przytarnia (Wildau), near Konitz, West Prussia - † 1939, Berlin, Germany) was a famous Polish Catholic priest, chief of the Union of Poles in Germany.	Bolesław Domański	Berlin
place of death	Grace Benham (25 June 1876, Kansas -- 19 November 1968, Pasadena, California) was an American silent film actress.	Grace Benham	Pasadena
place of death	After graduating, Joost Berman worked as an attorney in Zierikzee.	Joost Berman	Zierikzee
place of death	Brunolf Baade was born and grew up on the southern edge of Rixdorf (today Neukölln), a densely populated district then just outside the northern perimeter of Berlin.	Brunolf Baade	Berlin
place of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Schulz (often known as Wilhelm Schulz or after his second marriage Wilhelm Schulz-Bodmer; 13 March 1797 in Darmstadt -- 9 January 1860 in Hottingen (Zurich)) was a German officer and radical-democratic publisher in Hesse.	Friedrich Wilhelm Schulz	Hottingen
place of death	Petr Wolfgang Wygodzinsky (5 October 1916, in Bonn - 27 January 1987, in Middletown, New York) was a German entomologist who worked in Argentina, Brazil, and the United States.	Petr Wolfgang Wygodzinsky	Middletown
place of death	Prince Johann Ferdinand of Auersperg (29 September 1655 in Vienna -- 6 August 1705 in Ziębice in Silesia) was the second Prince of Auersperg and was Duke of Silesia-Münsterberg from 1677 until his death.	Johann Ferdinand of Auersperg	Ziębice
place of death	Giuseppe Bernardino Bison (16 June 1762, Palmanova - 24 August 1844, Milan) was an itinerant Italian painter of frescoes, landscapes, vedute, capriccios and some religious works.	Giuseppe Bernardino Bison	Milan
place of death	Anders Fredrik Skjöldebrand (14 July 1757 in Algiers -- 23 August 1834 in Stockholm) was a Swedish count, lord of the realm, general, statesman and minister from the Skjöldebrand dynasty.	Anders Fredrik Skjöldebrand	Stockholm
place of death	James Ricalton (born about 1844, in Half Way, near Waddington, New York - died in Waddington October 28, 1929) was a school teacher, traveler, inventor, and photographer.	James Ricalton	Waddington, New York
place of death	Johann Liss (also called Jan Lys) (c. 1590 or 1597 - 1629 or 1630) was a leading German Baroque painter of the 17th century, active mainly in Venice.	Johann Liss	Venice
place of death	Salomon August Andrée (18 October 1854, Gränna, Småland -- October 1897, Kvitøya, Arctic Norway), during his lifetime most often known as S. A. Andrée, was a Swedish engineer, physicist, aeronaut and polar explorer who died while leading an attempt to reach the Geographic North Pole by hydrogen balloon.	Salomon August Andrée	Kvitøya
place of death	Josef Proksch or Joseph Proksch (4 August 1794, Liberec -- 20 December 1864, Prague) was a Czech pianist and composer of German descent.	Josef Proksch	Prague
place of death	Gunnar Helén, (5 June 1918 Vingåker -- 8 December 2002 Nacka) was a Swedish liberal politician.	Gunnar Helén	Nacka
place of death	Isadore Blumenfeld (September 8, 1900 -- June 21, 1981), commonly known as Kid Cann, was a Jewish-American organized crime figure based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, for over four decades and remains the most notorious mobster in the history of Minnesota.	Kid Cann	Minneapolis
place of death	Alexandros Panagoulis was born in the Glyfada neighbourhood of Athens.	Alexandros Panagoulis	Athens
place of death	Augusto Sezanne (Bologna, 1836 - Venice, 1935) was an Italian painter, active in a Realist style of landscape painting.	Augusto Sezanne	Venice
place of death	Abraham Davel, after studying in Lausanne, became a notary and land commissioner.	Abraham Davel	Lausanne
place of death	Sava Sekulić(Serbian Cyrillic: Сава Секулић ;born by Obrovac, Croatia, May 11, 1902-Belgrade, January 26, 1989) was a Serbo-Croatian Naïve painter.	Sava Sekulić	Belgrade
place of death	Jacob Spon (or Jacques; in English dictionaries given as James) (Lyons 1647 -- Vevey, Switzerland, 25 December 1685), a French doctor and archaeologist, was a pioneer in the exploration of the monuments of Greece and a scholar of international reputation in the developing ``Republic of Letters''.	Jacob Spon	Vevey
place of death	Zenobio Lorenzo Guilland was the Archbishop of Paraná, Argentina.	Zenobio Lorenzo Guilland	Paraná
place of death	Nilakanta Sri Ram or Nilakantha Sri Ram (N. Sri Ram) (* 15 December 1889 in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu, India; died 8 April 1973 in Adyar, India) was a freemason, theosophist and president of the Theosophical Society Adyar during twenty years.	Nilakanta Sri Ram	Adyar
place of death	Enrico Pazzi (June 20, 1818-1899) was an Italian sculptor, mainly active in Florence, Italy.	Enrico Pazzi	Florence
place of death	Amina Rizk (Arabic: أمينة رزق‎; April 15, 1910 in Tanta - August 24, 2003 in Cairo) was a classic Egyptian actress who appeared in around 208 art work including over than 70 movies between 1928 and 1996.	Amina Rizk	Cairo
place of death	Peter Krieg, born as Wilhelm Walter Gladitz (August 27, 1947 in Schwäbisch Gmünd, West Germany -- July 22, 2009 in Berlin, Germany) was a documentary filmmaker, producer and writer.	Peter Krieg	Berlin
place of death	Martin Abraham, better known as Chink Martin (June 10, 1886, New Orleans - January 7, 1981, New Orleans) was an American jazz tubist.	Chink Martin	New Orleans
place of death	Cochin was born in Paris, the son of Charles-Nicolas Cochin the Elder (1688--1754), under whom he studied engraving.	Charles-Nicolas Cochin	Paris
place of death	Simon Simonian (Armenian: Սիմոն Սիմոնեան, March 11 (24), 1914, Ayntab - March 11, 1986, Beirut) was an Armenian intellectual who founded the literary and social Armenian periodical Spurk (Սփիւռք in Armenian).	Simon Simonian	Beirut
place of death	Lars Stigzelius (October 27, 1598 -- August 31, 1676) was Archbishop of Uppsala in the Church of Sweden from 1670 to his death.	Lars Stigzelius	Uppsala
place of death	Óscar Diego Gestido Pose (Montevideo, Uruguay 28 November 1901 -- Montevideo, December 6, 1967) was president of Uruguay in 1967.	Óscar Diego Gestido	Montevideo
place of death	Mauro Gandolfi (Bologna, 18 September 1764 -- Bologna, 4 January 1834), was an Italian painter and engraver of the Bolognese School.	Mauro Gandolfi	Bologna
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Languet de Gergy (1674--1750) was parish priest at Eglise Saint-Sulpice in Paris from 1714 to 1748.	Jean-Baptiste Languet de Gergy	Paris
place of death	Milan Vasić (19 December 1928, Donja Pecka, Mrkonjić Grad, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes -- 26 December 2003, Banja Luka, Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina) was a historian, member of the Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Republika Srpska since 1997 and its president in 2003.	Milan Vasić	Banja Luka
place of death	Danuta Siedzikówna (nom de guerre: Inka; underground name: Danuta Obuchowicz; born 3 September 1928, Guszczewina -- died 28 August 1946, Gdańsk) was a medical orderly in the 4th Squadron (created in the Białystok area) of the 5th Wilno Brigade of the Polish Home Army.	Danuta Siedzikówna	Gdańsk
place of death	Paul Splingaerd (Brussels, 1842 - Xi'an, China, 1906) was the Belgian foundling who became an official or mandarin (bureaucrat) in the late Qing government.	Paul Splingaerd	Xi'an
place of death	Wolfgang I of Oettingen (16 May 1455 -- 29 January 1522, Harburg) was a Count of Oettingen-Oettingen.	Wolfgang I of Oettingen	Harburg
place of death	Charlton Bath Forgotston, Jr., known as C. B. Forgotston (January 19, 1945 -- January 3, 2016), was an American attorney, political pundit and state government watchdog from Hammond in southeastern Louisiana.	C. B. Forgotston	Hammond
place of death	Francesco Cilea (also Cilèa; Palmi, 23 July 1866 -- Varazze, 20 November 1950) was an Italian composer.	Francesco Cilea	Varazze
place of death	Richard Döcker (13 June 1894, Weilheim an der Teck - 9 November 1968, Stuttgart) was a German architect and professor associated with the functionalist style in architecture.	Richard Döcker	Stuttgart
place of death	Count Fidél Pálffy de Erdőd (6 May 1895, Szentgyörgy/Svätý Jur -- 2 March 1946, Budapest) was a Hungarian nobleman who emerged as a leading supporter of Nazism in Hungary.	Fidél Pálffy	Budapest
place of death	Rodolfo Volk (Sometimes italianized in Rodolfo Folchi) (born 14 January 1906 in Fiume -- died 2 October 1983 in Nemi) was an Italian footballer.	Rodolfo Volk	Nemi
place of death	Jules Gouffé (Paris 1807 -- Neuilly-sur-Seine 1877) was a renowned French chef and pâtissier.	Jules Gouffé	Paris
place of death	János Gyarmati (born 8 February 1910 in Tapioszele, died 29 August 1974 in Budapest) was a Hungarian footballer and coach.	János Gyarmati	Budapest
place of death	Hermína Týrlová (11 December 1900, in Březové Hory -- 3 May 1993, in Zlín) was a prominent Czech screen writer, animator, and film director.	Hermína Týrlová	Zlín
place of death	Johan Rudolf Bonnet (30 March 1895, Amsterdam - 18 April 1978, Laren) was a Dutch artist who lived much of his life in the town of Ubud on Bali, Indonesia.	Rudolf Bonnet	Laren
place of death	Jan Mandijn or Jan Mandyn (c.1500, Haarlem --c.1560, Antwerp) was a Dutch Renaissance painter, who worked in Antwerp after 1530.	Jan Mandijn	Antwerp
place of death	Emmanuel Nunes (31 August 1941 -- 2 September 2012) was a Portuguese composer who lived and worked in Paris from 1964.	Emmanuel Nunes	Paris
place of death	Obersturmbannführer Bruno Müller or Brunon Müller-Altenau (Strasbourg, September 13, 1905 -- March 1, 1960, Oldenburg) served as Senior Storm Unit Leader during the Nazi German invasion of Poland.	Bruno Müller	Oldenburg
place of death	Francis Thibaudeau (1860, Cholet, France - 1925, Paris) is a French typographer and creator of the first well-established system for classifying typefaces, the Thibaudeau classification.	Francis Thibaudeau	Paris
place of death	Charles Maurin died on 22 July 1914 in Grasse (Provence, Aquitaine).	Charles Maurin	Grasse
place of death	Marie Trintignant died aged 41 of a cerebral edema on 1 August 2003 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France, as a result of being repeatedly punched by her boyfriend Bertrand Cantat, lead singer with the French rock group Noir Désir.	Marie Trintignant	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	Darioush Rezaeinejad (Persian: داریوش رضایی‌نژاد‎‎; c. 1976 (Abdanan) -- 23 July 2011(Tehran); also Dariush Rezaei-Nejad) was an Iranian engineering student who was assassinated in east Tehran by gunmen in July 2011.	Darioush Rezaeinejad	Tehran
place of death	On 8 November 1943, Wilhelm Schmitter was declared missing in action after failing to return from a mission over London.	Wilhelm Schmitter	London
place of death	Barbatana died on 29 June 2011, in Belo Horizonte, aged 82, victim of Alzheimer's disease.	Barbatana	Belo Horizonte
place of death	Pietro Grocco (27 June 1856, Albonese - 12 February 1916, Courmayeur) was an Italian physician.	Pietro Grocco	Courmayeur
place of death	Joaquín Francisco Pacheco y Gutiérrez-Calderón (Écija, 22 February 1808 -- Madrid, 8 October 1865) was a Spanish politician and writer who served as Prime Minister of Spain in 1847 and held other important offices such as Minister of State.	Joaquín Francisco Pacheco y Gutiérrez-Calderón	Madrid
place of death	Princess Hermine of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym (German: Prinzessin Hermine Amalie Marie von Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym; 2 December 1797 in Hoym, Germany -- 14 September 1817 in Budapest, Hungary) was by birth a princess of the House of Ascania and by marriage an Archduchess of Austria.	Princess Hermine of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym	Budapest
place of death	Ferdinando Tacca (1619--1686) was an Italian sculptor and architect, active during the Baroque period in Florence.	Ferdinando Tacca	Florence
place of death	Randall Holden (c. 1612--1692) was an early inhabitant of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, was one of the original founders of Portsmouth, and one of the co-founders of the town of Warwick.	Randall Holden	Warwick
place of death	Domenico Libri (Reggio Calabria, May 24, 1934 -- Naples, May 1, 2006), also known as Don Mico, was an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta in Calabria.	Domenico Libri	Naples
place of death	Eva Kristine Vetulani-Belfoure died on 25 March 2004 of heart failure at Northwest Hospital Center in Randallstown, Baltimore.	Kristine Vetulani-Belfoure	Baltimore
place of death	Felix Petyrek (Brno, 14 May 1892--Vienna, 1 December 1951) was an Austrian composer.	Felix Petyrek	Vienna
place of death	Alessandra Melucco Vaccaro (4 April 1940, Rome - 29 August 2000, Rome) was an Italian historian and archaeologist.	Alessandra Melucco Vaccaro	Rome
place of death	Elisabeth von Adlerflycht studied in Frankfurt under Johann Daniel Bager (1754--1815), who painted still lifes and portraits.	Elisabeth von Adlerflycht	Frankfurt
place of death	Ernst van Aaken (born 16 May 1910, Emmerich -- died 2 April 1984, Schwalmtal-Waldniel) was a German sports physician and athletics trainer.	Ernst van Aaken	Schwalmtal
place of death	José Enrique Moyal (Hebrew: יוסף הנרי מויאל‎; born 1 October 1910 Jerusalem, Ottoman Empire -- died 22 May 1998 Canberra, Australia) was a mathematical physicist who contributed to aeronautical engineering, electrical engineering and statistics, among other fields.	José Enrique Moyal	Canberra
place of death	Eduardo Westerdahl (Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands, 1902 - ibidem, 1983) was a Spanish painter, art critic and writer, and a member of the Surrealist Movement.	Eduardo Westerdahl	Santa Cruz de Tenerife
place of death	In 1933 Guros moved to Yerevan and started to work at a Scientific-research institute as a photographer.	Guros	Yerevan
place of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Quirin von Forcade de Biaix (* 10 February 1698, Berlin; † 23 March 1765, Berlin) was a Royal Prussian Lieutenant General, the eldest son of another Royal Prussian Lieutenant General, who was an early Huguenot immigrant to Brandenburg-Prussia and a descendent of the noble family of Forcade.	Friedrich Wilhelm Quirin von Forcade de Biaix	Berlin
place of death	The Servant of God Franz Stock (21 September 1904, Neheim -- 24 February 1948, Paris) was a German Roman Catholic priest.	Franz Stock	Paris
place of death	Solon Spencer Beman (October 1, 1853 -- April 23, 1914) was an American architect based in Chicago, Illinois and best known as the architect of the planned Pullman community and adjacent Pullman Company factory complex.	Solon Spencer Beman	Chicago
place of death	Ludwig Adolph Timotheus Radlkofer (19 December 1829, Munich -- 16 February 1927, Munich), was a Bavarian taxonomist and botanist.	Ludwig Adolph Timotheus Radlkofer	Munich
place of death	Cora Sandel (20 December 1880, Oslo -- 3 April 1974, Uppsala) was the pen name of Sara Cecilia Görvell Fabricius, a Norwegian writer and painter who lived most of her adult life abroad.	Cora Sandel	Uppsala
place of death	Humbertus Guilielmus de Precipiano (12 September 1627 in Rougemont, France -- 9 June 1711 in Mechelen) was Archbishop of Mechelen in Belgium.	Humbertus Guilielmus de Precipiano	Mechelen
place of death	Mikhail Kaufman also directed two films: ``Moscow'' (1927) and ``In Spring'' (1929).	Mikhail Kaufman	Moscow
place of death	Blessed Stephen Bellesini was a friar in the Order of the Hermits of St Augustine (OSA), who was born in Trent, Italy, on November 25, 1774, and died in Genazzano, Italy, on February 2, 1840.	Stephen Bellesini	Genazzano
place of death	Leo de Berardinis (3 January 1940 in Gioi -- 18 September 2008 in Rome) was an Italian stage actor and theatre director.	Leo de Berardinis	Rome
place of death	Diego Valentín Díaz, a Spanish historical painter, and a familiar of the Holy Office, was a native of Valladolid.	Diego Valentín Díaz	Valladolid
place of death	Mariano Egaña Fabres (Santiago, 1793 -- Santiago, 1846) was a Chilean lawyer, conservative politician and the main writer of the Chilean Constitution of 1833.	Mariano Egaña	Santiago
place of death	Eugen Steimle (8 December 1909 in Neubulach -- 9 October 1987 in Wilhelmsdorf, Baden-Württemberg) was a German SS-Standartenführer in the Sicherheitsdienst (SD).	Eugen Steimle	Wilhelmsdorf
place of death	Julie Wilhelmine Hagen-Schwarz (27 October 1824, Prangli, Estonia - 20 October 1902, Tartu) was a Baltic German painter, primarily of portraits.	Julie Wilhelmine Hagen-Schwarz	Tartu
place of death	Louis Marx died at the hospital in White Plains, New York, at age 85.	Louis Marx	White Plains
place of death	Leconte de Lisle died at Voisins in the township of Louveciennes, to the west of Paris, on July 17, 1894.	Leconte de Lisle	Louveciennes
place of death	François Bonivard (or Bonnivard; 1493--1570) was a Geneva patriot, ecclesiastic and historian whose life was the inspiration for Lord Byron's 1816 poem The Prisoner of Chillon.	François Bonivard	Geneva
place of death	Hermann Sehrig (born 1892 in Karlsruhe; 1963 in Neuss) German Sculptor and Painter.	Hermann Sehrig	Neuss
place of death	Chapman Biddle (January 22, 1822 -- December 29, 1880) was a member of the prominent Biddle family of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, who rose to fame as an officer in the Union Army in the American Civil War.	Chapman Biddle	Philadelphia
place of death	In the 1950s, Master Yin Shun observed that the Buddhist monks and nuns in Taiwan, just like those in his hometown, seemed to be only concerned about performing rituals, and not educating other monks, nuns or laypeople with the Buddha's philosophy.	Yin Shun	Taiwan
place of death	Eloy Gutiérrez Menoyo (December 8, 1934; Madrid--October 26, 2012; Havana) led the guerilla force Second National Front of the Escambray Mountains during the Cuban Revolution against Fulgencio Batista and later opposed the government of Fidel Castro over its pro-Soviet leanings.	Eloy Gutiérrez Menoyo	Havana
place of death	John Wereat died at his Bryan County, Georgia plantation on January 25, 1799.	John Wereat	Bryan County
place of death	Frederick Denkmann (April 8, 1822--March 2, 1905) was an American lumber baron based in Rock Island, Illinois.	Frederick Denkmann	Rock Island
place of death	Heinz Paul Adolff was mortally wounded trying to destroy the Primasole Bridge over the River Simeto on 17 July 1943 during the Allied invasion of Sicily.	Heinz Paul Adolff	Sicily
place of death	Jacques Antoine was born 14 March 1924 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, a suburb to the west of Paris, France.	Jacques Antoine	Paris
place of death	Antonio Francesco Vezzosi (born at Arezzo, Italy, 4 October 1708; died in Rome, 29 May 1783) was an Italian Theatine and biographical writer.	Antonio Francesco Vezzosi	Rome
place of death	Girolamo da Santacroce (c. 1480/85 -- c. 1556) was a 16th-century Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Venice and the Venetian mainland.	Girolamo da Santacroce	Venice
place of death	Ettore Sordini (Milan, 24 August 1934 - Fossombrone, 27 October 2012) was an Italian artist, a disciple of Lucio Fontana, a friend and collaborator of Piero Manzoni and a member of the Gruppo del Cenobio.	Ettore Sordini	Fossombrone
place of death	Friedrich Blume (5 January 1893, in Schlüchtern, Hesse-Nassau -- 22 November 1975, in Schlüchtern) was professor of Musicology in Kiel University from 1938-1958.	Friedrich Blume	Schlüchtern
place of death	Mac Dre and members of Thizz were scheduled to do a show in Kansas City on October 31, 2004.	Mac Dre	Kansas City
place of death	Elisa Godínez Gómez de Batista (2 December 1900 in Vereda Nueva, Havana Province, Cuba -- 7 December 1993 in West Palm Beach, Florida USA) was the First Lady of Cuba from 1940 to 1944.	Elisa Godínez Gómez de Batista	West Palm Beach
place of death	Oloff Johannes Truter (Cape Town, 7 August 1829 -- Koblenz, Germany, 29 August 1881) was a South African civil servant in the Orange Free State, miner, Landdrost and Acting Government Secretary.	Oloff Johannes Truter	Koblenz
place of death	Gustav Solomon Oppert, brother of Julius Oppert, German Indologist and Sanskritist, born 30 July 1836 in Hamburg, died in 1908 in Berlin.	Gustav Solomon Oppert	Berlin
place of death	Archduchess Hermine of Austria (Hermine Amalie Marie, 14 September 1817 in Buda, Hungary -- 13 February 1842 in Vienna, Austria) was a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.	Archduchess Hermine of Austria	Vienna
place of death	Francesco Bagnara (1784, Vicenza - 21 October 1866, Venice) was an Italian scenographer, decorator and landscape architect.	Francesco Bagnara	Venice
place of death	Domenico Capello (born in 1888 in Turin; died in 1950 in Turin) was an Italian professional football player.	Domenico Capello	Turin
place of death	Simon Agopyan was born in Samatya, a district in Constantinople in 1857.	Simon Agopyan	Constantinople
place of death	Friedrich Johannes Jacob Celestin von Schwarzenberg, sometimes Friedrich Johann Joseph Cölestin zu Schwarzenberg or in Czech Bedřich Schwarzenberg(April 6, 1809, Vienna, Austria -- March 27, 1885, Vienna, Austria) was a Catholic Cardinal of the nineteenth century in Austria and the Kingdom of Bohemia.	Friedrich Johannes Jacob Celestin von Schwarzenberg	Vienna
place of death	Friedrich Albin Hoffmann (13 November 1843, Ruhrort -- 13 November 1924, Leipzig) was a German internist.	Friedrich Albin Hoffmann	Leipzig
place of death	Giuliano Preparata (b. 1942, in Padua, Italy; d. 2000, in Frascati, Italy) was an Italian physicist.	Giuliano Preparata	Frascati
place of death	The street Ferdinand Bolstraat in Amsterdam was named after Bol, just as the FEBO, which is a chain of Dutch walk-up restaurants.	Ferdinand Bol	Amsterdam
place of death	Willem Breuker (4 November 1944, Amsterdam -- 23 July 2010 Amsterdam) was a Dutch jazz bandleader, composer, arranger, saxophonist, and (bass) clarinetist.	Willem Breuker	Amsterdam
place of death	Heinrich Bernhard Oppenheim (July 20, 1819 in Frankfurt -- March 29, 1880 in Berlin) was a German publicist and philosopher concerned with the ideas of liberalism, free trade and international law.	Heinrich Bernhard Oppenheim	Berlin
place of death	Tikkana was born in Nellore during the Shiva Kavi period (see Shivakavi Trayamu, the Trinity of Shaivite Poets), when the new religions Shaivism and Vaishnavism were spreading in Andhra, resulting in conflict between these two groups as well as between the two established religious groups, Buddhism and Jainism.	Tikkana	Nellore
place of death	Tadeusz Wojciechowski (1838--1919) was a Polish historian, professor, and rector of the University of Lwów (now Lviv, Ukraine; then in the Austro-Hungary).	Tadeusz Wojciechowski	Lviv
place of death	Paul Sidney Martin (born November 22, 1898 in Chicago - died January 20, 1974) was an American anthropologist and archaeologist.	Paul Sidney Martin	Chicago
place of death	Luigi di Canossa SJ (April 20, 1809 -- March 12, 1900) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Verona from 1861 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1877.	Luigi di Canossa	Verona
place of death	Elbridge Boyden (1810--1898) was a prominent 19th-century American architect from Worcester, Massachusetts who designed numerous civil and public buildings throughout New England and other parts of the United States.	Elbridge Boyden	Worcester
place of death	Massimiliano Chiamenti (Florence, 1967 - Bologna, 2011) was an Italian poet and philologist.	Massimiliano Chiamenti	Bologna
place of death	Johann Nepomuk Schaller (30 March 1777, Vienna - 16 February 1842, Vienna) was an Austrian sculptor.	Johann Nepomuk Schaller	Vienna
place of death	Pier Maria Pennacchi (1464--before 1515) was an Italian Renaissance painter primarily active in Treviso.	Pier Maria Pennacchi	Treviso
place of death	Rudolf Löwenstein (February 20, 1819, Breslau -- January 6, 1891, Berlin) was a German author.	Rudolf Löwenstein	Berlin
place of death	Augusto Weberbauer (birth name ``August'' -- Breslau, 20 November 1871 -- died in Lima, 1948 ) was a German naturalist, botanist and university professor.	Augusto Weberbauer	Lima
place of death	Josef Roman Lorenz, later ennobled as Josef Roman Lorenz Ritter von Liburnau (26 November 1825, Linz - 13 November 1911, Vienna) was an Austrian naturalist.	Josef Roman Lorenz	Vienna
place of death	Aleksei Fyodorovich Goncharov (Russian: Алексей Фёдорович Гончаров; 16 January 1879, Moscow -- 23 April 1913, Moscow) was a Russian chess master.	Aleksei Fyodorovich Goncharov	Moscow
place of death	Robert Teichmüller (May 4, 1863 in Braunschweig -- May 6, 1939 in Leipzig) was a German concert pianist and music educator.	Robert Teichmüller	Leipzig
place of death	Giuseppe Giovanni Battista Guarneri, better known as Giuseppe filius Andrea Guarneri (25 November 1666 -- 1739 or 1740) was a violin maker from the prominent Guarneri family of luthiers who lived in Cremona, Italy.	Giuseppe Giovanni Battista Guarneri	Cremona
place of death	Viktor Dyk died of heart failure on 14 May 1931 while swimming in the sea near the island of Lopud, near Dubrovnik in Croatia.	Viktor Dyk	Lopud
place of death	Ronald Shannon Jackson (January 12, 1940 -- October 19, 2013) was an American jazz drummer and composer from Fort Worth, Texas.	Ronald Shannon Jackson	Fort Worth
place of death	Shlomo Levi (Hebrew: שלמה לוי‎) was a Israeli footballer, who played for Maccabi Haifa, Hapoel Haifa and Hapoel Ramat Gan, among others, and for Israel	Shlomo Levi	Israel
place of death	Victor Wouk, the brother of writer Herman Wouk, was born in New York City in 1919.	Victor Wouk	New York City
place of death	Heinrich Mann died in Santa Monica, California, lonely and without much money, just months before he was to move to East Berlin to become president of the German Academy of Arts.	Heinrich Mann	Santa Monica
place of death	August Ritter von Kral (June 20, 1869 in Braunau, Bohemia - 12 June 1953 in Vienna, Austria) was an Austrian diplomat.	August Ritter von Kral	Vienna
place of death	Maxine Albro (January 20, 1903 Ayrshire, Iowa -- July 19, 1966 Los Angeles) was an American painter, muralist, lithographer, mosaic artist, and sculptor.	Maxine Albro	Los Angeles
place of death	Friedrich Eduard König (November 15, 1846 -- February 10, 1936, Bonn) was a German Lutheran divine and Semitic scholar.	Friedrich Eduard König	Bonn
place of death	Cristóbal Vaca de Castro (c. 1492, Izagre, León, Spain--1566, Valladolid, Spain) was a Spanish colonial administrator in Peru.	Cristóbal Vaca de Castro	Valladolid
place of death	Juan Blanco (June 29, 1919 in Mariel, Cuba -- November 5, 2008 in Havana) was the first Cuban composer to utilize electroacoustics, spatial music and multimedia.	Juan Blanco	Havana
place of death	Béla Linder (Majs, 10 February 1876 -- Belgrade, 15 April 1962), Hungarian colonel of artillery, Secretary of War of Mihály Károlyi government, minister without portfolio of Dénes Berinkey government, military attaché of Hungarian Soviet Republic based in Vienna, finally the mayor of Pécs during the period of Serb occupation.	Béla Linder	Belgrade
place of death	Irène Zilahy was born in Kaposvár, Hungary and died at the age of 39 in Budapest.	Irène Zilahy	Budapest
place of death	Casimir Maistre (24 September 1867, in Villeneuvette (Hérault) -- 20 September 1957, in Montpellier) was a French explorer and geographer.	Casimir Maistre	Montpellier
place of death	Wojciech Chrzanowski (14 January 1793-- 26 February 1861) was a Polish general who participated in Napoleon's Russian campaign and in the battles of Leipzig, Paris, and Waterloo.	Wojciech Chrzanowski	Paris
place of death	Kimmo Nevonmaa (May 10, 1960, Savonlinna -- September 18, 1996, Helsinki) was a Finnish composer of contemporary music.	Kimmo Nevonmaa	Helsinki
place of death	Francesco de Sanctis (Morra Irpina, 28 March 1817 ‒ Naples, 29 December 1883) was a leading Italian literary critic and scholar of Italian language and literature during the 19th century.	Francesco de Sanctis	Naples
place of death	On January 24, 2011, at the age of 86, Samuel Ruiz García died at Hospital Ángeles del Pedregal in Mexico City, the causes of which was determined to be respiratory failure and other complications, including high blood pressure and diabetes.	Samuel Ruiz	Mexico City
place of death	Bruce MacCombie (born 1943 in Providence, Rhode Island died May 2, 2012 in Amherst, Massachusetts) was an American composer.	Bruce MacCombie	Amherst
place of death	Sarah Cowell Le Moyne was an American stage actress in New York City, famous for her readings of Robert Browning's poetry, and her work with the Henry Street Settlement and Playhouse.	Sarah Cowell Le Moyne	New York City
place of death	Klaas Bolt (March 6, 1927 in Appingedam -- April 11, 1990 in Haarlem) was a Dutch organist and improviser.	Klaas Bolt	Haarlem
place of death	François Vachon de Belmont (3 April 1645 -- 22 May 1732) was the fifth superior of the Montreal Sulpicians from 1700 to 1731.	François Vachon de Belmont	Montreal
place of death	Giovanni Lugari was born in Rome, and there studied at the Royal University and Pontifical Gregorian University.	Giovanni Lugari	Rome
place of death	Ralph Walter Graystone Wyckoff, Sr. (born August 9, 1897 in Geneva, New York; died November 3, 1994 in Tucson, Arizona) was an American scientist and pioneer of X-ray crystallography.	Ralph Walter Graystone Wyckoff	Tucson
place of death	Didier Daurat (2 January 1891 at Montreuil-sous-Bois - 2 December 1969 at Toulouse) was a pioneer of French aviation.	Didier Daurat	Toulouse
place of death	George of Syracuse (born George Tarassov, April 14, 1893 in Voronezh, Russia -- March 22, 1981 in Paris, France) was an Eastern Orthodox archbishop of the Ecumenical Patriarchate who led the Patriarchal Exarchate for Orthodox Parishes of Russian Tradition in Western Europe from 1960 to 1981.	George Tarassov	Paris
place of death	Karl Zuegg (28 February 1914 -- 26 December 2005) was an Italian entrepreneur from Lana in South Tyrol.	Karl Zuegg	Lana
place of death	Lorenz Müller (18 February 1868 in Mainz -- 1 February 1953 in Munich) was a German herpetologist.	Lorenz Müller	Munich
place of death	Johannes Minckwitz (April 11, 1843, Leipzig -- May 20, 1901, Biebrich) was a German chess player and author.	Johannes Minckwitz	Biebrich
place of death	Johann Georg Meyer von Bremen (28 October 1813 Bremen, Germany -- 4 December 1886 Berlin), commonly known as Meyer von Bremen, was a German painter who specialized in Biblical, peasant, and family scenes.	Johann Georg Meyer	Berlin
place of death	Arturo Ardao (Minas, Lavalleja Department, 27 September 1912 -- Montevideo, 22 September 2003) was a Uruguayan philosopher and historian of ideas.	Arturo Ardao	Montevideo
place of death	Tupãzinho, real name José Ernâni da Rosa (Bagé, October 17, 1939 -- São Paulo, February 28, 1986), was a Brazilian football player at the position of striker.	José Ernâni da Rosa	São Paulo
place of death	Grethe Sønck died on 12 February 2010 of natural causes, aged 80, at her home in Rågeleje.	Grethe Sønck	Rågeleje
place of death	Ernest Dade, later known as Ernst Dade (born Kensington, England, 1868; died London, 3 November 1935) was an English painter, specialising in coastal and maritime subjects, and maker of model ships.	Ernest Dade	London
place of death	Afterwards, on June 11, 1848, when the Wallachian revolution started in Bucharest, Nicolae Golescu was a Minister of Internal Affairs for the Provisional Government.	Nicolae Golescu	Bucharest
place of death	Paul Wynand (January 30, 1879 - March 2, 1956, Berlin) was a German sculptor, medalist, and professor, active in the National Socialist era.	Paul Wynand	Berlin
place of death	Judas Cyriacus (Cyriacus of Ancona, Cyriacus of Jerusalem, Quiriacus, Quiricus, Kyriakos) (Spanish: Quirico, Italian: Ciriaco) (d. ca. AD 360) is the patron saint of Ancona, Italy.	Judas Cyriacus	Jerusalem
place of death	Varadarajan Mudaliar fled from Mumbai to Chennai.	Varadarajan Mudaliar	Chennai
place of death	Barry Wong (20 November 1946 -- 16 October 1991), also known as Wong Ping-Yiu (黃炳耀), was a Hong Kong screenwriter, film producer and actor.	Barry Wong	Hong Kong
place of death	Born at Honfleur, Calvados, the young André Marie studied at primary and secondary level there, going on to the Lycée Pierre Corneille, when his parents moved to Rouen in 1908.	André Marie	Rouen
place of death	Herbert Scurla (21 April 1905, Großräschen - 7 April 1981, Kolkwitz) was a German author and academic.	Herbert Scurla	Kolkwitz
place of death	Originating in the diocese of Cambrai in Hainaut, then part of the territories ruled by the Dukes of Burgundy, Josse Lieferinxe was documented as a ``Picard'' in the regions of Avignon and Marseille at the end of the fifteenth and in the early sixteenth centuries.	Josse Lieferinxe	Marseille
place of death	Eugène Lemaire (Vieux-Molhain, 1874 - Charleroi, 1948) was a Belgian pictorialist photographer.	Eugène Lemaire	Charleroi
place of death	Emmanouil Benakis (Greek: Εμμανουήλ Μπενάκης; 1843 in Ermoupoli, Syros -- June 20, 1929 in Kifisia) was a Greek merchant and politician, considered a national benefactor of Greece.	Emmanouil Benakis	Kifisia
place of death	Sid Patterson (14 August 1927 -- 29 November 1999) was a world champion amateur and professional track cyclist from Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Sid Patterson	Melbourne
place of death	Jakob Schlesinger, also Johann Jakob Schlesinger (born January 13, 1792, in Worms; died May 12, 1855, in Berlin) was a German painter and restorer.	Jakob Schlesinger	Berlin
place of death	Francesco Giuseppe Casanova (1 June 1727, London - 8 July 1803, near Mödling) was a painter of Italian parentage who specialized in battle scenes.	Francesco Giuseppe Casanova	Mödling
place of death	Bernard Kangro (* 18. September 1910 in village Oe, Võru County, Estonia; died March 25 1994 in Lund, Sweden) was an Estonian writer and poet.	Bernard Kangro	Lund
place of death	Mario Tobino (16 January 1910, Viareggio, Province of Lucca, Tuscany -- 11 December 1991, Agrigento) was an Italian poet, writer and psychiatrist.	Mario Tobino	Agrigento
place of death	Francesco di Simone da Santacroce or Santa Croce (born in Santa Croce, frazione of San Pellegrino Terme, near Bergamo circa 1470-1475 and died Venice, 1508) was an Italian painter, active mainly in a Renaissance style.	Francesco di Simone da Santacroce	Venice
place of death	Cochise County, Arizona is named after him.	Cochise	Arizona
place of death	Borislav Milošević (8 July 1934, Nikšić, Zeta Banate, Kingdom of Yugoslavia -- 29 January 2013, Belgrade, Serbia) was a Montenegrin diplomat who last served as Yugoslav ambassador to Algeria, Japan and Russia, He was the elder brother of former Yugoslav and Serbian president Slobodan Milošević.	Borislav Milošević	Belgrade
place of death	Rainer Zepperitz (August 25, 1930 in Bandung (Java) - December 23, 2009 in Berlin) was a German double bassist.	Rainer Zepperitz	Berlin
place of death	Philippe Danfrie the elder (about 1532 in Cornouaille in Brittany - 1606 in Paris), was a designer and maker of mathematical instruments in metal and paper, as well as a type-cutter, engraver, minter of coins and medals, publisher and author.	Philippe Danfrie	Paris
place of death	Baron Louis Alméras (15 March 1768 in Vienne, Isère -- 7 January 1828 in Bordeaux) was a French general of the humblest origin.	Louis Alméras	Bordeaux
place of death	Max Graf (1 October 1873 -- 24 June 1958) was an Austrian music critic, born in Vienna.	Max Graf	Vienna
place of death	In Belgrade there is a monument to Vasa Čarapić at the spot where he was killed in front of the National Theatre, and nearby is the street (Улица Васе Чарапића) that was named after him.	Vasa Čarapić	Belgrade
place of death	Don Piero Folli (18 September 1881 in Premeno -- 8 March 1948 in Voldomino, Luino) was an Italian antifascist parish priest.	Piero Folli	Luino
place of death	Sébastien Faure (born January 6, 1858 in Saint-Étienne, Loire, France; died July 14, 1942 in Royan, Charente-Maritime, France) was a French anarchist, freethought and secularist activist and a principal proponent of synthesis anarchism.	Sébastien Faure	Royan
place of death	Česlovas Sasnauskas (Ceslaus Sosnowski, Czesław Sosnowski) (19 June 1867, Kapčiamiestis -- 18 January 1916, Saint Petersburg) was a Lithuanian composer.	Česlovas Sasnauskas	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Calcedonio Reina (Catania, Sicily February 4, 1842 -- Catania, November 10, 1911) was an Italian painter and poet.	Calcedonio Reina	Catania
place of death	Bessilyn Johnson (January 14, 1871 -- April 22, 1943), known also as ``Bessie'' or ``Mabel'', was the wife of the Chicago millionaire Albert Johnson, a man who was variously the partner, friend and dupe of the famed American Old West figure Death Valley Scotty.	Bessilyn Johnson	Death Valley
place of death	José Cláudio dos Reis (March 19, 1939 in São Paulo, Brazil -- December 29, 1999 in São Paulo, Brazil) was a Brazilian sports administrator.	José Cláudio dos Reis	São Paulo
place of death	Róża Etkin (1908 in Warsaw -- January 16, 1945 in Warsaw), known after marriage as Róża Etkin-Moszkowska, was a Polish pianist.	Róża Etkin-Moszkowska	Warsaw
place of death	Tranquillo Zerbi left behind him a widow and three small children, and is buried on the cemetery at Pecetto Torinese, a quarter on the south side of Turin.	Tranquillo Zerbi	Turin
place of death	Alberto Gainza Paz, born in Buenos Aires, was the eldest of four children born to Alberto Gainza Lynch and Zelmira Rosa Paz Díaz (daughter of José Clemente Paz, the founder of La Prensa).	Alberto Gainza Paz	Buenos Aires
place of death	Giustiniana Wynne (later Countess Rosenberg-Orsini; Venice, 21 January 1737 -- Padua, 22 August 1791) was an Anglo-Venetian author.	Giustiniana Wynne	Padua
place of death	Fra Antonio da Negroponte was an Italian painter of the early-Renaissance period, active mainly in Padua and Venice.	Fra Antonio da Negroponte	Venice
place of death	Yauhen Shatokhin (Belarusian: Яўген Шатохін, French transliteration: Iaouguene Chatokhine; February 25, 1947 in Pinsk -- January 22, 2012 in Pinsk) was a Belarusian painter and political activist.	Yauhen Shatokhin	Pinsk
place of death	Virginio Colombo (1885--1927) was a prolific Italian architect later active in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Virginio Colombo	Buenos Aires
place of death	Gaspar Roomer (Antwerp, between 1596 en 1606 - Naples, 3 April 1674) was a prominent Flemish merchant, banker, art patron and art collector who was active in Naples in the 17th century.	Gaspar Roomer	Naples
place of death	Enrique Tierno Galván (Madrid, 8 February 1918 -- Madrid, 19 January 1986) was a Spanish politician, professor, lawyer and essayist, best known for being the Mayor of Madrid from 1979 to 1986, at the beginning of the new period of Spanish democracy.	Enrique Tierno Galván	Madrid
place of death	Herodes Atticus was born in Marathon, Greece and spent his childhood years between Greece and Italy.	Herodes Atticus	Marathon
place of death	Giovanni Antonio Lappoli (1492--1552) was a Tuscan painter from Arezzo who painted in a Mannerist style.	Giovanni Antonio Lappoli	Arezzo
place of death	William Pitt Lynde (December 16, 1817 -- December 18, 1885) was an American lawyer and politician from Wisconsin who served in the United States House of Representatives and as Mayor of Milwaukee.	William Pitt Lynde	Milwaukee
place of death	Étienne Eugène Azam (1822--1899) was a French surgeon from Bordeaux who is chiefly remembered for his work in psychology, particularly a case involving a female patient he named ``Félida X'' who seemed to have ``alternating personalities'', or what Azam referred to as doublement de la vie.	Étienne Eugène Azam	Bordeaux
place of death	Adélaïde Binart (March 9, 1769, Paris - September 1832, Paris) was a French neoclassical painter-artist.	Adélaïde Binart	Paris
place of death	Johannes Riedl (born 2 January 1950 in Pirmasens; died 19 August 2010) was a German football player.	Johannes Riedl	Pirmasens
place of death	Louis Pandellé (1 March 1824, Plaisance, Gers -- 27 February 1905, Tarbes) was a French entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera and Diptera.	Louis Pandellé	Tarbes
place of death	Louis-Charles-Auguste Couder or Auguste Couder (1 April 1789 in London -- 21 July 1873 in Paris) was a French painter and student of Jean-Baptiste Regnault and Jacques-Louis David.	Auguste Couder	Paris
place of death	There is a larger than life iron wrought statue of Gudleppa Hallikeri in his final hometown, Hubli.	Gudleppa Hallikeri	Hubli
place of death	Ilario Carposio (Trento 1852 -- Fiume 1921) was an artistic photographer who owned an important studio in Fiume, now Rijeka in present-day Croatia.	Ilario Carposio	Rijeka
place of death	Brigitte Reimann (born 21 July 1933, Burg bei Magdeburg, d. 22 February 1973, East Berlin) was a German writer who is best known for her posthumously published novel Franziska Linkerhand.	Brigitte Reimann	East Berlin
place of death	Gian Paolo Lomazzo was born in Milan from a family emigrated from the town of Lomazzo.	Gian Paolo Lomazzo	Milan
place of death	Louis Nicolas Victor de Félix d'Ollières (23 September 1711, Aix-en-Provence -- 10 October 1775, Versailles), comte du Muy, comte de Grignan, was a French soldier and statesman from a family originating in Provence.	Louis Nicolas Victor de Félix d'Ollières	Versailles
place of death	Janko Gredelj (28 March 1916 -- 23 December 1941) was a Yugoslav communist and one of the organizers of the antifascist struggle in Zagreb in 1941.	Janko Gredelj	Zagreb
place of death	Joseph Dombey (Mâcon, France, 20 February 1742 -- Montserrat, West Indies, May 1794) was a French botanist.	Joseph Dombey	Montserrat
place of death	Born in Sacramento, California, May O'Donnell studied dance in San Francisco with Estelle Reed and performed in Reed's company before moving to New York City to study with Martha Graham.	May O'Donnell	New York City
place of death	Franz Graf von Bellegarde was wounded during the Battle of Moscow and died on 19 December 1941 in a field hospital in Armenskaja, Russia.	Franz Graf von Bellegarde	Russia
place of death	Domenico di Campofregoso (1325--1390) was the fifth doge of Genoa.	Domenico di Campofregoso	Genoa
place of death	Andy the Clown was the performing name of Andrew Rozdilsky, Jr. (December 6, 1917 - September 21, 1995), a lifelong Chicago resident who performed, unofficially, as a clown at Chicago White Sox games at Comiskey Park for 30 years from 1960 to 1990.	Andy the Clown	Chicago
place of death	Joseph-Hector Fiocco (20 January 1703 -- 21 June 1741), born in Brussels, was a Belgian composer and violinist of the late Baroque period.	Joseph-Hector Fiocco	Brussels
place of death	Živojin Zdravković, also referred to as Zivojin Zdravkovic, Žika Zdravković, Gika Zdravkovitch, Gika Zdravkovich (Belgrade, 24 November 1914 -- Belgrade, 15 September 2001), a Serbian conductor, served as chief conductor and general manager of the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra and as professor of conducting at the Belgrade Music Academy.	Živojin Zdravković	Belgrade
place of death	Jean de Beaumetz is recorded to have been ``painter and valet'' to Philip the Hardy, for whom he painted numerous works, and decorated, among other chapels, that of the Castle of Argilli, in Burgundy.	Jean de Beaumetz	Burgundy
place of death	Rudolf Lettinger (26 October 1865 in Hamburg -- 21 March 1937 in Berlin-Schöneberg) was a German stage and film actor.	Rudolf Lettinger	Schöneberg
place of death	Antoine-Athanase Royer-Collard (February 7, 1768, Sompuis -- November 27, 1825, Paris) was a French physician and psychiatrist.	Antoine-Athanase Royer-Collard	Paris
place of death	Charles Christian Plitt (born 6 May 1869 in Baltimore, Maryland, died there 13 October 1933) was a botanist and lichenologist.	Charles Christian Plitt	Baltimore
place of death	Gilles-François Closson (1796--1842), born in Liège, was a landscape painter, known as the Corot of Liège.	Gilles-François Closson	Liège
place of death	Jeanette Wohl (October 16, 1783, Frankfurt am Main -- November 27, 1861, Paris) was a longtime friend and correspondent of Ludwig Börne.	Jeanette Wohl	Paris
place of death	Born in Venice in 1920, Ferruccio Bortoluzzi received his diploma from the Art Institute there in 1947.	Ferruccio Bortoluzzi	Venice
place of death	Prosper-Gabriel Audran, the grandson of Jean Audran, born in Paris in 1744, was a pupil of his uncle Benoit II, but having no vocation for art, he abandoned it for the law.	Prosper-Gabriel Audran	Paris
place of death	Julius Eugen Schlossberger (31 May 1819 in Stuttgart -- 9 July 1860 in Tübingen), also spelled Julius Eugen Schloßberger, was a German physician and biochemist.	Julius Eugen Schlossberger	Tübingen
place of death	Eugen von Keyserling (22 March 1833 in Pockroy, Lithuania -- 4 April 1889 in Dzierżoniów, Silesia) was a Baltic-German arachnologist.	Eugen von Keyserling	Dzierżoniów
place of death	Britt Woodman (June 4, 1920 in Los Angeles -- October 13, 2000 in Hawthorne, California) was a jazz trombonist.	Britt Woodman	Hawthorne
place of death	Götz Dieter Plage (14 May 1936 in Germany -- 3 April 1993 in Sumatra), internationally simply known as Dieter Plage, was a German cinematographer of nature documentaries.	Götz Dieter Plage	Sumatra
place of death	The Professor Josef Ludwig Holub (5 February 1930 in Mladá Boleslav, (now Czech Republic) -- 23 July 1999) was a Czech botanist who described a number of new species, worked on systematic reorganization of botanical groups, and contributed greatly to the study of European flora.	Josef Ludwig Holub	Mladá Boleslav
place of death	Pier Angelo Fiorentino (Naples, March 5, 1811 - Paris, May 31, 1864) was an Italian author.	Pier Angelo Fiorentino	Paris
place of death	Édouard-Christophe Pynaert (May 29, 1835 - October 28, 1900) was a Belgian botanist and horticulturalist born in Ghent.	Édouard-Christophe Pynaert	Ghent
place of death	Ambroise Tardieu (2 March 1788 in Paris -- 17 January 1841 in Paris) was an eminent French cartographer and engraver, and is celebrated for his version of John Arrowsmith's 1806 map of the United States.	Ambroise Tardieu	Paris
place of death	Abdumalik Bahori (Tajik: Абдумалик Баҳорӣ, Persian: عبدالملک بهاری‎, 22 March 1927 Leninabad, USSR - 3 December 2010, Dushanbe, Tajikistan) was children poet and the first Tajik fiction writer.	Abdumalik Bahori	Dushanbe
place of death	Johnny Taylor, Jr. (May 31, 1953 -- February 29, 1984) was a convicted murderer who was executed by electrocution at the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola.	Johnny Taylor, Jr.	Louisiana State Penitentiary
place of death	Wilhelm Süssmann (16 September 1891 - 20 May 1941) was a German Luftwaffe (Air Force) general who was killed in action during the Battle of Crete.	Wilhelm Süssmann	Crete
place of death	Eduard Ender (3 March 1822 Rome -- 28 December 1883 London) was an Austrian painter.	Eduard Ender	London
place of death	Mario Amato (24 November 1937, in Palermo -- 23 June 1980, in Rome) was an Italian magistrate, assassinated in 1980 by NAR (Nuclei Armati Rivoluzionari) members Gilberto Cavallini and Luigi Ciavardini.	Mario Amato	Rome
place of death	Bob Nolan died on June 16, 1980 in Newport Beach, California of a heart attack.	Bob Nolan	Newport Beach
place of death	Arthur Klemt (born 1913 in Offenburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany -- died 1985 in Olching, Bavaria, Germany) was a German inventor.	Arthur Klemt	Olching
place of death	Johann Peter Haseney (1812 in Mehlis -- 1869 in Munich) was a German engraver.	Johann Peter Haseney	Munich
place of death	Carl Wurster (2 December 1900 in Stuttgart -- 14 December 1974 in Frankenthal) was a German chemist and Wehrwirtschaftsführer (war economy leader) during the Third Reich.	Carl Wurster	Frankenthal
place of death	Karl Stegger (11 January 1913, in Aarhus -- 13 April 1980, in Frederiksberg) was a Danish actor, who appeared in 157 films which makes him the most used Danish actor.	Karl Stegger	Frederiksberg
place of death	Yi Gwang-sik (Hangul: 이광식; hanja: 李光軾, born 29 September 1493 in Gangneung, died 1 December 1563 in Seoul), was a Korean politician and general during the Joseon Dynasty.	Yi Gwang-sik	Seoul
place of death	Edward Bernard (1638--1697) was an English scholar and Savilian professor of astronomy at the University of Oxford, from 1673 to 1691.	Edward Bernard	Oxford
place of death	František Kaván (September 10, 1866, Víchovská Lhota near Jilemnice - December 16, 1941, Libuň near Jičín) was a Czech painter and poet.	František Kaván	Libuň
place of death	Marthe Robin (born 13 March 1902 in Châteauneuf-de-Galaure, died on 6 February 1981) was a French Roman Catholic mystic and founder of the Foyers de Charité and a reported stigmatist.	Marthe Robin	Châteauneuf-de-Galaure
place of death	Sir Ashutosh Mukherjee died in 1924 at Patna, Bihar soon after losing a hotly contested Hindu law inheritance case to the Shia Bihari Barrister Syed Hasan Imam.	Ashutosh Mukherjee	Patna
place of death	Andréa Maltarolli (28 September 1962 in Rio de Janeiro -- 22 September 2009 in Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian soap opera and telenovela screenwriter.	Andréa Maltarolli	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Mark Zamenhof (was born January 27 1837 in Tykocin, died November 29th 1907 in Warsaw) is Esperanto form of Markus Fabianoviĉ Samenhof, ``Christian'' or goja name of Mordeĥaj Zamenhof, son of Fabian Zamenhof and father of L. L. Zamenhof (the creator of Esperanto); teacher of languages French and German.	Mark Zamenhof	Warsaw
place of death	After the mysterious assassination of Chilperic in 584 AD, Fredegund seized his riches and took refuge in the Notre Dame de Paris cathedral.	Fredegund	Paris
place of death	Karl Künstler was declared dead in Erlangen in 1949.	Karl Künstler	Erlangen
place of death	Giovanni Ceirano died in La Cassa on March 30, 1948.	Giovanni Ceirano	La Cassa
place of death	Edoardo Persico (1900, Naples - January 1936, Milan) was an Italian art critic, designer and essayist.	Edoardo Persico	Milan
place of death	Eugène de Kermadec (1899 Paris -- 1976) was a French painter.	Eugène de Kermadec	Paris
place of death	Johann Rudolf Wettstein (27 October 1594 -- 12 April 1666) was a Swiss diplomat and one-time mayor of Basel, who achieved fame through his diplomatic skills, culminating in Swiss independence from the Holy Roman Empire in 1648.	Johann Rudolf Wettstein	Basel
place of death	Laurentius Andreae (in Swedish Lars Andersson, in English Lawrence Anderson) was born in the Swedish town of Strängnäs.	Laurentius Andreae	Strängnäs
place of death	Dénes Mihály (7 July 1894, Gödöllő - 29 August 1953, West-Berlin) was a Hungarian inventor, engineer.	Dénes Mihály	Berlin
place of death	Rudolf Stähelin, surname also spelled Staehelin (28 July 1875, Basel -- 26 March 1943, Basel) was a Swiss internist.	Rudolf Stähelin	Basel
place of death	Gustav Wustmann (23 May 1844 -- 22 December 1910) was a German philologist and historian, born in Dresden, where he frequented the Kreuzschule, before studying philology at Leipzig in 1862--66.	Gustav Wustmann	Leipzig
place of death	Laura Perls (née Lore Posner; August 15, 1905 in Pforzheim -- July 13, 1990 in Pforzheim) was a noted German-born psychologist and psychotherapist who helped establish the Gestalt school of psychotherapy.	Laura Perls	Pforzheim
place of death	Charles Grangier de la Ferrière (21 September 1738, Pontchâteau - 8 March 1794, Paris) was a French general of the War of the First Coalition.	Charles Grangier de la Ferrière	Paris
place of death	Heinrich von Eckardt (20 July 1861, Riga, Russian Empire -- 3 March 1944, Jena, Germany) was a Baltic German diplomat in the service of the German Empire.	Heinrich von Eckardt	Jena
place of death	Hermann Friese (Hamburg, 30 Mai 1882 or 22 Mai 1880 - São Paulo October 1945) was a German-Brazilian athlete, association football player and referee.	Hermann Friese	São Paulo
place of death	Gilberto Almeida Egas (30 May 1928 -- 20 April 2015) was an Ecuadorian painter born in San Antonio de Ibarra, in Imbabura Province.	Gilberto Almeida	Ibarra
place of death	Mieczysław Srokowski (August 14, 1873 in the village of Bybło, Podole -- September 11, 1910 in Warsaw) was a Polish writer and poet.	Mieczysław Srokowski	Warsaw
place of death	Fabrice Simon (January 29, 1951 in Port-au-Prince, Haiti -- July 29, 1998 in New York City) was an award-winning artist and fashion designer, best known for his handmade beaded dresses.	Fabrice Simon	New York City
place of death	Anton Dreher (born May 7, 1810, in Schwechat near Vienna - December 27, 1863, Schwechat) was an Austrian brewer who was an important figure in the development of pale lager.	Anton Dreher	Schwechat
place of death	María Amalia Ramírez (née de los Dolores de la Aparición de Santiago, Lupión, Jaén, Spain, 23 May 1834, Madrid, Spain, 25 February 1918) was a Spanish lyric singer.	Amalia Ramírez	Madrid
place of death	Glenn Thomas (June 13, 1991 -- December 28, 2013), better known by his stage name Doe B, was an American hip hop recording artist from Montgomery, Alabama.	Doe B	Montgomery
place of death	Artúr Somlay (28 February 1883, Budapest -- 10 November 1951, Budapest) was a Hungarian stage and film actor.	Artúr Somlay	Budapest
place of death	Gret Palucca, born Margarethe Paluka (8 January 1902 -- 22 March 1993), was a German dancer and dance teacher, notable for her dance school in Dresden.	Gret Palucca	Dresden
place of death	Federico Visconti (1617--1693) was an Italian Cardinal and Archbishop of Milan from 1681 to 1693.	Federico Visconti	Milan
place of death	Eduard Ritter von Weber (May 12, 1870 in Munich -- June 20, 1934 in Würzburg) was a German mathematician.	Eduard Ritter von Weber	Würzburg
place of death	William Wetmore (September 16, 1771 -- October 27, 1827) founded Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio in 1812.	William Wetmore	Ohio
place of death	Samuel Landauer (born at Hürben, Bavaria, February 22, 1846; died 1937 in Augsburg) was a German Jewish orientalist and librarian.	Samuel Landauer	Augsburg
place of death	Wols was the pseudonym of Alfred Otto Wolfgang Schulze (27 May 1913, Berlin -- 1 September 1951, Paris), a German painter and photographer predominantly active in France.	Wols	Paris
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Marie Pierre (Paris, 6 March 1714 - Paris, 15 May 1789) was a French painter, draughtsman and administrator.	Jean-Baptiste Marie Pierre	Paris
place of death	Andrea Malinconico (1624 in Naples-1698) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active near his natal city of Naples.	Andrea Malinconico	Naples
place of death	Emelia Pérez Castellanos (Havana, Cuba, 10 November 1921 -- Mexico City, 1 January 2015), better known as Ninón Sevilla, was a Cuban-born Mexican film actress and dancer who was active during the golden age of Mexican cinema.	Ninón Sevilla	Mexico City
place of death	R.W. Dromgold (ca. 1856 -- November 7, 1918), was a Los Angeles, California, businessman who served on the city council there in the early 20th Century.	R.W. Dromgold	Los Angeles
place of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Heinrich Theodor Hosemann (24 September 1807, Brandenburg an der Havel - 15 October 1875, Berlin) was a German genre painter, draftsman, illustrator and caricaturist.	Theodor Hosemann	Berlin
place of death	Noël Chabanel (February 2, 1613 -- December 8, 1649) was a Jesuit missionary at Sainte-Marie among the Hurons, and one of the Canadian Martyrs.	Noël Chabanel	Sainte-Marie among the Hurons
place of death	Heinrich Proch (22 July 1809, Vienna -- 18 December 1878, Vienna) was an Austrian composer.	Heinrich Proch	Vienna
place of death	Wenceslao Fernández Flórez (A Coruña, Galicia, 1885 -- Madrid, 1964) was a popular Spanish journalist and novelist of the early 20th century.	Wenceslao Fernández Flórez	Madrid
place of death	Teddy Powell retired from band-leading in 1954 and formed a music publishing company in New York City sometime prior to 1960 and prospered.	Teddy Powell	New York City
place of death	Count Louis Gunther of Nassau (15 February 1575 in Dillenburg -- 12 September 1604, outside Sluis) was a Count of Nassau-Katzenelnbogen and a Dutch lieutenant general of cavalry in the Eighty Years' War.	Louis Gunther of Nassau	Sluis
place of death	Richard Witting (1856, Berlin -- 1923) was a Prussian politician and financier.	Richard Witting	Berlin
place of death	Bruce McLaren died (aged 32) when his Can-Am car crashed on the Lavant straight just before Woodcote corner at Goodwood Circuit in England on 2 June 1970.	Bruce McLaren	Goodwood Circuit
place of death	Carlos Hugo Christensen (Santiago del Estero, 15 December 1914 - Rio de Janeiro, 30 November 1999) was a Argentine film director, screenwriter and film producer.	Carlos Hugo Christensen	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	A Trustee of the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB) Foundation, in addition to supporting scientific research and education, his philanthropic activities include the Fred Kavli Theatre for Performing Arts at the Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza, California, as well as other projects.	Fred Kavli	Santa Barbara
place of death	Following the accession to the throne of her brother in law Lucius Septimius Severus, Julia Maesa moved to Rome to live with her sister.	Julia Maesa	Rome
place of death	Antonio Busini (born July 5, 1904 in Padua; died August 20, 1975 in Riccione) was an Italian professional football player, coach and official.	Antonio Busini	Riccione
place of death	Josef Doležal (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjozɛf ˈdolɛʒal)) (12 December 1920 in Příbram -- 28 January 1999 in Prague) was a Czechoslovak athlete who competed mainly in the 50 kilometre walk.	Josef Doležal	Prague
place of death	Yvonne Bryceland died of complications from cancer in 1992 at age 66 in London, United Kingdom.	Yvonne Bryceland	London
place of death	František Bílek (November 6, 1872 in Chýnov, near Tábor -- October 13, 1941 in Chýnov) was a famous Czech Art Nouveau and Symbolist sculptor and architect.	František Bílek	Chýnov
place of death	Peter I of Cyprus or Pierre I de Lusignan (9 October 1328 in Nicosia -- 17 January 1369 in Palace of La Cava, Nicosia) was King of Cyprus and titular King of Jerusalem from his father's abdication on 24 November 1358 until his own death in 1369.	Peter I of Cyprus	Nicosia
place of death	Giovanni Martino Cesare (c.1590 in Udine -- 6 February 1667 in Munich) was a composer and cornett player.	Giovanni Martino Cesare	Munich
place of death	John VII of Hoya (died 11 June 1535, fell in battle near Assens on Funen in Denmark) was a German count and army commander in the service of Lübeck and Sweden.	John VII of Hoya	Funen
place of death	Erwin Heerich (November 29, 1922 in Kassel -- November 6, 2004 in Meerbusch, Germany) was a German artist.	Erwin Heerich	Meerbusch
place of death	Meridel Le Sueur (February 22, 1900, Murray, Iowa -- November 14, 1996, Hudson, Wisconsin) was an American writer associated with the proletarian movement of the 1930s and 1940s.	Meridel Le Sueur	Hudson
place of death	Jacob van Walscapelle (1644, Dordrecht -- 1727, Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age flower painter.	Jacob van Walscapelle	Amsterdam
place of death	Christian Weise was born in Zittau, the son of Elias Weise, a magister tertium or assistant teacher.	Christian Weise	Zittau
place of death	Wilhelm Florin (born Cologne 16 March 1894:died Moscow 5 July 1944) was a German Communist Party (KPD) politician and a campaigner in opposition to National Socialism.	Wilhelm Florin	Moscow
place of death	Heinrich Welsch (born 13 October 1888 in Saarlouis -- died 23 November 1976 in Saarbrücken) was a politician but not a member of a political party.	Heinrich Welsch	Saarbrücken
place of death	Mustapha Adamu Animashaun (1885--1968) was a prominent Lagos Islamic leader in the first half of the twentieth century.	Mustapha Adamu Animashaun	Lagos
place of death	Philippe Van Dievoet (Brussels. 1654 -- Paris, 1738) was a celebrated goldsmith and jeweller.	Philippe Van Dievoet	Paris
place of death	Fritz Perls died of heart failure in Chicago, on March 14, 1970, after heart surgery at the Louis A. Weiss Memorial Hospital.	Fritz Perls	Chicago
place of death	Johann Benjamin Koppe (19 August 1750 in Danzig -- 12 February 1791 in Hanover) was a German Lutheran theologian.	Johann Benjamin Koppe	Hanover
place of death	Joseph Csaky (also written Josef Csàky, Csáky József, József Csáky and Joseph Alexandre Czaky) (18 March 1888, Szeged -- 1 May 1971, Paris) was a Hungarian avant-garde artist, sculptor, and graphic artist, best known for his early participation as a sculptor in the Cubist movement.	Joseph Csaky	Paris
place of death	Napoleone Pini (1835, Milan - 22 March 1907, Milan) was an Italian zoologist and palaeontologist.	Napoleone Pini	Milan
place of death	Prince Constantine Esperovich Beloselsky-Belozersky ( 16 (28) June 1843 - May 26, 1920, Neuilly-sur-Seine) - Russian general, landowner and horse breeder.	Constantine Esperovich Beloselsky-Belozersky	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	Saint Peter the Wonderworker or the Thaumaturge (Greek: Άγιος Πέτρος ο Θαυματουργός, Latin: Petrus Thaumaturgus), also known as Saint Peter of Argos (Άγιος Πέτρος του Άργους) is a Christian saint, regarded as the patron saint of Argos.	Peter the Wonderworker	Argos
place of death	Nicolaas Wilhelmus Posthumus or N.W. Posthumus (February 26, 1880, Amsterdam--April 18, 1960, Bussum) was a Dutch economic historian and political scientist.	Nicolaas Wilhelmus Posthumus	Bussum
place of death	Jacques de Flesselles (1721, Paris -- 14 July 1789) was a French public servant and one of the first victims of the French Revolution.	Jacques de Flesselles	Paris
place of death	Adolphe Appian (born as Jacques Barthelemy Adolphe Appian on 28 August 1819 in Lyon, France, died on 29 April 1898 in Lyon) was a French landscape painter and etcher.	Adolphe Appian	Lyon
place of death	Thomas Pelham, 1st Earl of Chichester PC (28 February 1728 -- 8 January 1805), known as the Lord Pelham of Stanmer from 1768 to 1801, was a British Whig politician.	Thomas Pelham, 1st Earl of Chichester	Stanmer
place of death	Xosé María Díaz Castro (b. Guitiriz, 19 February 1914 -- d. Lugo, 2 October 1990) was a Galician poet and translator.	Xosé María Díaz Castro	Lugo
place of death	Otto Manninen (13 August 1872, Kangasniemi -- 6 April 1950, Helsinki) was a Finnish writer, poet, and a celebrated translator of world classics into Finnish language.	Otto Manninen	Helsinki
place of death	Emil Molt (born 14 April 1876 in Schwäbisch Gmünd, Kingdom of Württemberg, died 16 June 1936 in Stuttgart) was a German businessman, social reformer and anthroposophist.	Emil Molt	Stuttgart
place of death	Mark Lemon (30 November 1809, in London -- 23 May 1870, in Crawley) was founding editor of both Punch and The Field.	Mark Lemon	Crawley
place of death	Maurice Stans died on April 14, 1998, at age 90, following a congestive heart failure at the Huntington Memorial Hospital in Pasadena, California.	Maurice Stans	Pasadena
place of death	Saint Geminianus (also known as Saint Geminian, or Saint Gimignano) was a fourth century Deacon, and later Bishop of Modena.	Geminianus	Modena
place of death	Abbé Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre (1752, Aveyron -- 20 September 1804, Saint-Geniez) was a French naturalist who contributed sections on cetaceans, mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, and insects to the Tableau encyclopédique et méthodique.	Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre	Saint-Geniez
place of death	Solomon Marcus Schiller-Szinessy, sometimes Solomon Mayer Schiller-Szinessy (23 December 1820, Budapest, Hungary - 11 March 1890, Cambridge) was a Hungarian rabbi and academic.	Solomon Marcus Schiller-Szinessy	Cambridge
place of death	Alexander Hugo Bakker Korff (1824 in The Hague -- 1882 in Leiden), was a 19th-century Dutch genre painter.	Alexander Hugo Bakker Korff	Leiden
place of death	Luigi Pernier (Rome, 23 November 1874 -- Rhodes, 18 August 1937) was an Italian archaeologist and academic now best known for his discovery of the Disc of Phaistos.	Luigi Pernier	Rhodes
place of death	Daniel Danielis (Visé near Liège 1635- Vannes 1696) was a Belgian composer.	Daniel Danielis	Vannes
place of death	Julius Posener (4 November 1904, Lichterfelde -- 29 January 1996, Berlin) was a German architectural historian, author and higher education teacher.	Julius Posener	Berlin
place of death	Peter Altenberg (9 March 1859 -- 8 January 1919) was a writer and poet from Vienna, Austria.	Peter Altenberg	Vienna
place of death	Filippo Maria Visconti (3 September 1392 -- 13 August 1447) was ruler of Milan from 1412 to 1447.	Filippo Maria Visconti	Milan
place of death	Rodney Arismendi (Río Branco, Uruguay, 21 March 1913 - Montevideo, 27 December 1989) was a Uruguayan politician and political writer.	Rodney Arismendi	Montevideo
place of death	Katherine Neville, Baroness Hastings (1442 -- between January and 25 March 1504), was a noblewoman and a member of the powerful Neville family of northern England.	Katherine Neville, Baroness Hastings	England
place of death	Józef Szajna (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjuzɛf ˈʂajna); b. March 13, 1922 in Rzeszów, Poland, d. June 24, 2008 in Warsaw) was a Polish set designer, director, play writer, theoretician of the theatre, painter and graphic artist.	Józef Szajna	Warsaw
place of death	Jean Le Vacher (15 March 1619 - 26 July 1683) was a Lazarist missionary who was the French consul in Tunis and then in Algiers.	Jean Le Vacher	Algiers
place of death	During the Finnish War in 1808-1809 Sofia Hjärne, according to certain sources, was instrumental in averting a battle by achieving the peaceful handover of the stronghold of Sveaborg near Helsinki to the Russians.	Sofia Hjärne	Helsinki
place of death	Hem Barua (Assamese: হেম বৰুৱা) (22 April 1915 -- 9 April 1977) was a prominent Assamese poet and politician from Assam.	Hem Barua	Assam
position held	John Masiakowski (August 31, 1874 - ?) was a stationer from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly for the 14th Milwaukee County district (14th and 24th wards of the City of Milwaukee).	John Masiakowski	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
present in work	``Pig-Pen'' is a character in the comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz.	Pig-Pen	Peanuts
present in work	Lewis Davenport was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs, played by Sam Stockman from 2002 until 2004.	Lewis Davenport	Family Affairs
present in work	Angela Petrelli (née Shaw), portrayed by Cristine Rose, is a fictional character featured in the television show Heroes.	Angela Petrelli	Heroes
present in work	Windcharger is a fictional character and was one of the original toys in the Transformers line when Hasbro started producing them in 1984.	Windcharger	Transformers
present in work	Olivia Dunham is a fictional character from the science fiction television series Fringe, which aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company in the United States from 2008 to 2013.	Olivia Dunham	Fringe
present in work	Ethan Kanin, portrayed by Bob Gunton, is a fictional character of television series 24 where he was part of the main cast in Season 7; and recurring cast member in Season 6 and Season 8.	Ethan Kanin	24
present in work	Karen Wolek is a fictional character appearing on the American soap opera One Life to Live between May 1976 and February 1983.	Karen Wolek	One Life to Live
present in work	Rafael Barba is a fictional character portrayed by Raúl Esparza, who joined the cast of the long-running NBC crime drama series Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, during the 14th season episode ``Twenty-Five Acts''.	Rafael Barba	Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
present in work	Kayleigh Morton is a fictional character on the British soap-opera Coronation Street.	Kayleigh Morton	Coronation Street
present in work	René d'Herblay, alias Aramis, is a fictional character in the novels The Three Musketeers, Twenty Years After and The Vicomte de Bragelonne by Alexandre Dumas, père.	Aramis	The Three Musketeers
present in work	Balnibarbi is a fictional land in Jonathan Swift's satirical novel Gulliver's Travels.	Balnibarbi	Gulliver's Travels
present in work	Casey Novak is a fictional character on Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, portrayed by Diane Neal.	Casey Novak	Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
present in work	Minnie Crozier is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street, who was portrayed by Katrina Devine from her first appearance in 1994 as part of the Crozier family unit, until 2001 when the character was axed as part of a large cast overhaul.	Minnie Crozier	Shortland Street
present in work	In the video game James Bond 007, Oddjob appears multiple times as a henchman for the game's main villain, General Golgov.	Oddjob	James Bond 007
present in work	The Buchanan family is a long-running family of fictional characters on the American soap opera One Life to Live.	Buchanan family	One Life to Live
present in work	In The Divine Comedy the spirit of Solomon appears to Dante Alighieri in the Heaven of the Sun with other exemplars of inspired wisdom.	Solomon	The Divine Comedy
present in work	Dr. Naomi Bennett is a fictional character on the Grey's Anatomy spin-off Private Practice.	Naomi Bennett	Private Practice
present in work	Ezio Auditore da Firenze (Italian pronunciation: (ˈettsjo audiˈtoːre da fiˈrentse)) is a fictional character in the video game series Assassin's Creed.	Ezio Auditore da Firenze	Assassin's Creed
present in work	Oliver Fish and Kyle Lewis (Kish) are fictional characters on the American daytime soap opera One Life to Live, owned by ABC.	Oliver Fish and Kyle Lewis	One Life to Live
present in work	Yolande Trueman (also Duke) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Angela Wynter from 16 September 2003 to 3 October 2008.	Yolande Trueman	EastEnders
present in work	Tyrion Lannister (also referred to as ``the Imp'' or ``the Halfman'') is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin, and its television adaptation Game of Thrones.	Tyrion Lannister	Game of Thrones
present in work	Delenn is a fictional lead character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5, played by Mira Furlan.	Delenn	Babylon 5
present in work	Hezekiah (/ˌhɛzɨˈkaɪ.ə/; Hebrew: חִזְקִיָּ֫הוּ, חִזְקִיָּ֫ה, יְחִזְקִיָּ֫הוּ; Greek: Ἐζεκίας, Ezekias, in the Septuagint; Latin: Ezechias; also transliterated as Ḥizkiyyahu or Ḥizkiyyah) was, according to the Hebrew Bible, the son of Ahaz and the 13th king of Judah.	Hezekiah	Bible
present in work	The Greek is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by actor Bill Raymond.	The Greek	The Wire
present in work	Polly Sherman is a fictional character in the BBC sitcom Fawlty Towers.	Polly Sherman	Fawlty Towers
present in work	Claire Meade is a fictional character in the American dramedy series Ugly Betty.	Claire Meade	Ugly Betty
present in work	Lily Butterfield (née Burrows) is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera Emmerdale, played by Anne Charleston.	Lily Butterfield	Emmerdale
present in work	Granny Liu (Chinese: 劉姥姥; Pinyin: Liú Lǎolāo) is a character in Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Granny Liu	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Rhys Sutherland is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, portrayed by actor Michael Beckley from 2000 to late 2004.	Rhys Sutherland	Home and Away
present in work	John Sacrimoni, commonly known as Johnny Sack, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos, played by Vince Curatola.	Johnny Sack	The Sopranos
present in work	Phileas Fogg is the protagonist in the 1873 Jules Verne novel Around the World in Eighty Days.	Phileas Fogg	Around the World in Eighty Days
present in work	Cop-Tur is the name of several fictional characters in the Gobots, Robo Machines and Transformers toy lines, and the subsequent fiction.	Cop-Tur	Transformers
present in work	Luis Lopez-Fitzgerald is a fictional character on the NBC/DirecTV soap opera Passions, portrayed from 1999 to 2008 by original cast member Galen Gering.	Luis Lopez-Fitzgerald	Passions
present in work	Parker Lee is a fictional character on UPN/The CW television series Veronica Mars.	Parker Lee	Veronica Mars
present in work	Caroline Spencer Forrester is a fictional character from the American soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful.	Caroline Spencer Forrester	The Bold and the Beautiful
present in work	The Protectobots are a fictional emergency, search, and rescue team of five Autobots in the Transformers franchise.	Protectobots	Transformers
present in work	Nadia Yassir (Urdu: نادیہ ياسر‎) is a fictional character from the TV series 24 played by Marisol Nichols.	Nadia Yassir	24
present in work	Carmella Cammeniti (previously Silvani and Sister Mary Catherine) is a fictional character from the Australian Network Ten soap opera Neighbours, played by Natalie Blair.	Carmella Cammeniti	Neighbours
present in work	Commander Cain is a fictional character in the original Battlestar Galactica science fiction TV series, portrayed by the American actor Lloyd Bridges.	Commander Cain	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Zara Morgan is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Kelly Greenwood between 1999-2005.	Zara Morgan	Hollyoaks
publication date	Baana Kaathadi (Tamil: பாணா காத்தாடி; English: Kite) is a 2010 Tamil romance film written and directed by Badri Venkatesh.	Baana Kaathadi	2010
publisher	Bonnie's Bookstore is a word-forming computer puzzle game developed by New Crayon Games and published by PopCap Games.	Bonnie's Bookstore	PopCap Games
publisher	Rock n' Bolt is a puzzle video game developed in 1985 by Action Graphics and published by Activision.	Rock n' Bolt	Activision
publisher	Critical Reviews in Food Science and Nutrition is a food science journal published monthly by Taylor & Francis.	Critical Reviews in Food Science and Nutrition	Taylor & Francis
publisher	New Mathematics and Natural Computation is an interdisciplinary journal founded in 2005 and is now published by World Scientific.	New Mathematics and Natural Computation	World Scientific
publisher	Ultimate Air Combat (known as Aces: Iron Eagle III in Japan) is a semi-realistic combat flight simulator developed and published by Activision for the Nintendo Entertainment System/Family Computer.	Ultimate Air Combat	Activision
publisher	Downbelow Station is a science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh and published in 1981 by DAW Books.	Downbelow Station	DAW Books
publisher	Dead Space Ignition is an action puzzle game developed by Megatube and Sumo Digital and published by Electronic Arts for the Xbox Live Arcade and the PlayStation Network.	Dead Space Ignition	Electronic Arts
publisher	Urged by a publisher at Ballantine Books to double the length of his story to make a novel, Bradbury returned to the same typing room and expanded his work into Fahrenheit 451, taking just nine days.	Fahrenheit 451	Ballantine Books
publisher	Mythlore is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Mythopoeic Society.	Mythlore	Mythopoeic Society
publisher	Business Review is a quarterly publication of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia comprising articles written by in-house staff economists aimed at readers with a general interest in economic issues.	Business Review	Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
publisher	Club Drive is a racing video game published by Atari Corporation for the Atari Jaguar in 1994.	Club Drive	Atari
publisher	Gary Lineker's Superstar Soccer is a computer game released in 1987 for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum, published by Gremlin Interactive in Europe, and by Mindscape as Superstar Soccer in the USA.	Gary Lineker's Superstar Soccer	Mindscape
publisher	NBA 2K1 (also known as Sega Sports: NBA 2K1 or NBA2K1) is a basketball video game.	NBA 2K1	Sega
publisher	Baseball Advance is a sports games for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance, developed by Smilebit and released by THQ in March 2002.	Baseball Advance	THQ
publisher	The Journal of Law and Commerce is a law review published by an independent student group at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law, focusing on domestic and international commercial and business law.	Journal of Law and Commerce	University of Pittsburgh School of Law
publisher	The Index Librorum Prohibitorum (English: List of Prohibited Books) was a list of publications deemed heretical, anti-clerical or lascivious, and therefore banned by the Catholic Church.	Index Librorum Prohibitorum	Catholic Church
publisher	The American Journal of Pharmaceutical Education is the official publication of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy.	American Journal of Pharmaceutical Education	American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy
publisher	The Triumph of Caesar is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor, first published by St. Martin's Press in 2008.	The Triumph of Caesar	St. Martin's Press
publisher	The Heroic Age of American Invention is a 1961 science book for children by L. Sprague de Camp, published by Doubleday.	The Heroic Age of American Invention	Doubleday
publisher	Nintendo NHL Stanley Cup lets all 26 teams from the National Hockey League at the time of the game's release (including the expansion Florida Panthers and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim) compete for the highest honor in professional hockey, the Stanley Cup.	NHL Stanley Cup	Nintendo
publisher	The Journal of Scottish Historical Studies is a bi-annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Economic and Social History Society of Scotland in May and November of each year.	Journal of Scottish Historical Studies	Edinburgh University Press
publisher	Psychology, Public Policy and Law is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.	Psychology, Public Policy and Law	American Psychological Association
publisher	Zip Zap is an arcade-style computer game developed by Ian Weatherburn for Imagine Software and released for the ZX Spectrum in 1983.	Zip Zap	Imagine Software
publisher	Danny and the Dinosaur is a popular children's book by Syd Hoff, first published by Harper & Brothers in 1958.	Danny and the Dinosaur	Harper
publisher	Super Dodge Ball Advance, released in Japan as Bakunetsu Dodgeball Fighters (爆熱ドッジボールファイターズ, ``Bakunetsu'' meaning ``Burning Heat''), is dodge ball video game produced by Atlus that was released for the Game Boy Advance in 2001.	Super Dodge Ball Advance	Atlus
publisher	Fragments of an Anarchist Anthropology is one of a series of pamphlets published by Prickly Paradigm Press in 2004.	Fragments of an Anarchist Anthropology	Prickly Paradigm Press
publisher	Sweet Danger is a crime novel by Margery Allingham, first published in October 1933, in the United Kingdom by Heinemann, London and in the United States by The Crime Club as Kingdom of Death; later US versions used the title The Fear Sign.	Sweet Danger	Heinemann	The Crime Club
publisher	Salah Asuhan is an Indonesian novel by Abdul Muis originally published in 1928 by Balai Pustaka.	Salah Asuhan	Balai Pustaka
publisher	Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media since 1947.	Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Double D Dodgeball is a downloadable dodgeball game created by Yuke's Co. Ltd. and published by Yuke's Company of America for the Xbox Live Arcade.	Double D Dodgeball	Yuke
publisher	Big Pumpkin is a children's book written by Erica Silverman, illustrated by S. D. Schindler, and published by Aladdin Paperbacks in 1992.	Big Pumpkin	Aladdin Paperbacks
publisher	the Journal of the American Ceramic Society is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published on behalf of the American Ceramic Society by Wiley-Blackwell.	Journal of the American Ceramic Society	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Detective Comics is the title used for two American comic book series published by DC Comics.	Detective Comics	DC Comics
publisher	The J.R.R. Tolkien Encyclopedia, subtitled Scholarship and Critical Assessment, edited by Michael D.C. Drout, was published by Routledge in 2006 (ISBN 978-0415969420).	J.R.R. Tolkien Encyclopedia	Routledge
publisher	F1 Championship Season 2000 is a 2000 video game based on the 2000 Formula One season, developed by EA Sports and released for the PlayStation, Macintosh, PC, PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Color.	F1 Championship Season 2000	EA Sports
publisher	Studies in Second Language Acquisition is a peer-reviewed journal published quarterly by Cambridge University Press.	Studies in Second Language Acquisition	Cambridge University Press
publisher	Uneasy Money is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published in the United States on March 17, 1916 by D. Appleton & Company, New York, and in the United Kingdom on October 4, 1917 by Methuen & Co., London.	Uneasy Money	D. Appleton & Company
publisher	Demons and Dinosaurs is a 1970 collection of poetry by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp, published by Arkham House in an edition of 500 copies.	Demons and Dinosaurs	Arkham House
publisher	Deep Silver, which acquired the license to Sacred 3 from former development studio Ascaron Entertainment, announced at Gamescom that the earliest it could publish the game would be in early 2012.	Sacred 3	Deep Silver
publisher	GAZ1 The Grand Duchy of Karameikos was written by Aaron Allston, with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian, and was published by TSR in 1987 as a 64-page booklet with a large color map and an outer folder.	The Grand Duchy of Karameikos	TSR
publisher	It was established in 1968, and is published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Canadian Society of Forensic Science.	Canadian Society of Forensic Science	Taylor & Francis
publisher	Starfox is a video game that was published by Ariolasoft on their Reaktor label in 1987 for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, and Amstrad CPC.	Starfox	Ariolasoft
publisher	The Cameo Murders is a book by Barry Shortall, first published in the United Kingdom by the Bluecoat Press in 1999.	Cameo Murders	Bluecoat Press
publisher	The Magic Thief is the first book in a children's fantasy trilogy published by HarperCollins in June 2008.	The Magic Thief	HarperCollins
publisher	The South Australian Ornithologist is the scientific journal of the South Australian Ornithological Association (also known as Birds SA).	South Australian Ornithologist	South Australian Ornithological Association
publisher	Grazer Philosophische Studien/International Journal for Analytic Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal on philosophy published by Rodopi Publishers.	Grazer Philosophische Studien	Rodopi Publishers
publisher	The Journal of Pain is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier on behalf of the American Pain Society and covers research and reviews on pain, including anesthesiology and palliative care and related educational and policy issues.	The Journal of Pain	Elsevier
publisher	Desert Demolition Starring Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote is a video game for the Sega Sega Mega Drive/Genesis.	Desert Demolition	Sega Sega
publisher	Yale French Studies is an academic journal published biannually by Yale University Press and connected with the French department at Yale University.	Yale French Studies	Yale University Press
publisher	Rainbow Magic is a children's fiction brand originally created by Working Partners and now owned by HIT Entertainment and best known for the children's books published by Orchard Books.	Rainbow Magic	Orchard Books
publisher	Days of War, Nights of Love is a collection of political, social and philosophical essays written and published by anarchist collective CrimethInc..	Days of War, Nights of Love	CrimethInc
publisher	In 1930, the book was republished by William Heinemann minus the original last chapter as Powder and Patch.	Powder and Patch	Heinemann
publisher	The East Asia Law Review is an academic journal focusing on legal issues concerning East Asia, published by an organization of J.D. and LL.M. students at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.	East Asia Law Review	University of Pennsylvania Law School
publisher	Lovecraft's Legacy was an anthology edited by Robert Weinberg and Martin H. Greenberg and published by Tor Books in 1990.	Lovecraft's Legacy	Tor Books
publisher	Programming Ruby is a book about the Ruby programming language by Dave Thomas and Andrew Hunt, authors of The Pragmatic Programmer.	Programming Ruby	The Pragmatic Programmer
publisher	Asmara Djaja (Perfected Spelling: Asmara Jaya, both meaning Great Passion) is a 1928 novel written by Indonesian writer Djamaluddin Adinegoro and published by Balai Pustaka.	Asmara Jaya	Balai Pustaka
publisher	By Fair Means or Foul (later also released as Pro Boxing Simulator) is a boxing video game first published for a range of 8-bit home computers in 1988 by Superior Software.	By Fair Means or Foul	Superior Software
publisher	One Man and His Droid is a game published by Mastertronic in 1985 for use on the Amstrad CPC, Atari 8-bit, Commodore 16, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum home computer systems.	One Man and His Droid	Mastertronic
publisher	Israel Journal of Mathematics is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem (Magnes Press).	Israel Journal of Mathematics	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
publisher	Dance/Electronic Albums (formerly Top Electronic Albums) is a music chart published weekly by Billboard magazine which ranks the top-selling electronic music albums in the United States.	Dance/Electronic Albums	Billboard
publisher	Economics and Human Biology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier since 2003.	Economics and Human Biology	Elsevier
publisher	Soul of a Robot is a computer game sequel to Nonterraqueous for the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC and MSX, released by Mastertronic in 1985.	Soul of a Robot	Mastertronic
publisher	The John Marshall Journal of Information Technology and Privacy Law (Bluebook abbreviation: J. Marshall J. Info. Technol. & Priv. L.) is a law review published by a student group at the John Marshall Law School (Chicago).	The John Marshall Journal of Information Technology and Privacy Law	John Marshall Law School
publisher	Cook's Illustrated is an American cooking magazine published by America's Test Kitchen in Brookline, Massachusetts, every two months.	Cook's Illustrated	America's Test Kitchen
publisher	Space Shuttle Project is an action video game released in 1991 by Absolute Entertainment for the Nintendo Entertainment System.	Space Shuttle Project	Absolute Entertainment
publisher	Utilitas is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering political philosophy and jurisprudence published by Cambridge University Press.	Utilitas	Cambridge University Press
publisher	Infrared Physics and Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier devoted to the publication of new experimental and theoretical papers about applications of physics to the field of infrared physics and technology.	Infrared Physics and Technology	Elsevier
publisher	Distant Worlds is a pausable real-time, space grand strategy wargame developed by Code Force and published by Matrix Games.	Distant Worlds	Matrix Games
publisher	Focaal - Journal of Global and Historical Anthropology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books and edited by Luisa Steur, focused on the conjunction of anthropology and history as well on the incorporation of local research settings in the wider spatial networks of globalization or empire.	Focaal	Berghahn Books
publisher	Meditations in an Emergency is a book of poetry by American poet Frank O'Hara first published by Grove Press in 1957.	Meditations in an Emergency	Grove Press
publisher	Achtung Spitfire! is a strategy computer game released by Avalon Hill in 1997.	Achtung Spitfire!	Avalon Hill
publisher	The Cambridge Modern History is a comprehensive modern history of the world, beginning with the 15th century age of Discovery, published by the Cambridge University Press in the United Kingdom and also in the United States.	The Cambridge Modern History	Cambridge University Press
publisher	Wargame Construction Set is a video game builder series published in 1986 by Strategic Simulations, Inc..	Wargame Construction Set	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
publisher	Noise & Health is a bimonthly peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Noise Research Network.	Noise & Health	Medknow Publications
publisher	Soon after Paradox Interactive took over publishing duties a new bundle was released on April 17, 2009 called Sword of the Stars:	Sword of the Stars	Paradox Interactive
publisher	Oregon Geographic Names is a compilation of the origin and meaning of place names in the U.S. state of Oregon, published by the Oregon Historical Society.	Oregon Geographic Names	Oregon Historical Society
publisher	Daughter of Venice is an historical fiction/young adult novel, published in 2002 by Random House Inc.	Daughter of Venice	Random House
publisher	Peter and the Starcatchers is a best-selling children's novel that was published by Hyperion Books, a subsidiary of Disney, in 2004.	Peter and the Starcatchers	Hyperion Books
publisher	Expect Resistance is a self-described crimethink field manual published by CrimethInc.	Expect Resistance	CrimethInc
publisher	However, Powys had to cut some 350 pages from his manuscript before Wolf Solent was published by Simon and Schuster.	Wolf Solent	Simon and Schuster
publisher	Taz in Escape from Mars is a video game developed by HeadGames and released by Sega in 1994 for the Genesis/Mega Drive and Sega Game Gear featuring Taz, the Looney Tunes Tasmanian devil cartoon character.	Taz in Escape from Mars	Sega
publisher	Virtua Cop 2 is a light gun arcade game, released in 1995 and developed internally at Sega by their AM2 studio.	Virtua Cop 2	Sega
publisher	The Journal of British Cinema and Television is a triannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press in May, August and December of each year.	Journal of British Cinema and Television	Edinburgh University Press
publisher	NBA Live 07 is the 2006 installment of the NBA Live series by EA Sports.	NBA Live 07	EA Sports
publisher	Touch the Dead (titled Dead 'n' Furious in Europe) is a rail shooter/survival horror game for the Nintendo DS developed by Dream On Studio and published by Eidos Interactive under its brand Secret Stash Games.	Touch the Dead	Eidos Interactive
publisher	ISS Pro Evolution 2 (known as World Soccer Jikkyou Winning Eleven 2000: U-23 Medal Heno Chousen in Japan) is the fourth video game in the ISS Pro series and the second installment of the ISS Pro Evolution series, developed exclusively for the PlayStation by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, a division of Konami.	ISS Pro Evolution 2	Konami
publisher	World Gone Sour, developed by Playbrains and published by Capcom, is a 3D sidescroller video game created to promote Sour Patch Kids, a type of sour gummy candy.	World Gone Sour	Capcom
publisher	Legacy of the Ancients is a fantasy role-playing video game published by Electronic Arts in 1987.	Legacy of the Ancients	Electronic Arts
publisher	Treasure Island Dizzy is a computer puzzle game published in 1988 by Codemasters for ZX Spectrum, and later ported to the Amstrad, Commodore 64, NES, Amiga, Atari ST and Microsoft Windows.	Treasure Island Dizzy	Codemasters
record label	Back to Black is the second and final studio album by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse, released on 27 October 2006 by Island Records.	Back to Black	Island Records
series	The Final Unfinished Voyage of Jack Aubrey is the unfinished twenty-first historical novel in the Aubrey-Maturin series by English author Patrick O'Brian, first published in its incomplete form in 2004.	The Final Unfinished Voyage of Jack Aubrey	Aubrey-Maturin series
sex or gender	Most recently Aylin Tezel has filmed Marco Kreuzpaintner's new feature ``Coming In'' which was released by Warner Bros. in October 2014, playing female lead Heidi who falls for a gay star- hairdresser (Kostja Ullmann).	Aylin Tezel	female
sport	Tara Snyder (born May 26, 1977) is a former tennis player from the United States, who started a professional career in May 1995.	Tara Snyder	tennis
sport	Richard Yee is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Barako Bull Energy Boosters in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Richard Yee	basketball
sport	Brodie Henderson (born December 12, 1983 in North Vancouver, British Columbia) is a rugby union player who has represented Canada and Canada Sevens.	Brodie Henderson	rugby union
sport	Steven Spencer (born June 16, 1982) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey Defenseman.	Steven Spencer	ice hockey
sport	The FIFA World Coach of the Year is an association football award given annually to the football coach who is considered to have performed the best in the previous 12 months.	FIFA World Coach of the Year	association football
sport	Jeremy Hyatt (born October 16, 1974 in California, U.S.) is an American professional basketball player, who played for the Newcastle Eagles in the British Basketball League.	Jeremy Hyatt	basketball
sport	Borås HC is a Swedish professional ice hockey club, based in Borås, currently playing in the Swedish third-tier league Division 1 since the 2012--13 season.	Borås HC	ice hockey
sport	Robert Herron (pronounced HUR-on; born June 2, 1992) is an American football wide receiver for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL).	Robert Herron	American football
sport	The 2005 World Men's Handball Championship was the 19th team handball World Championship.	2005 World Men's Handball Championship	handball
sport	The 2001 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at Ahoy Rotterdam in the Netherlands and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2001 ATP Tour.	2001 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament	tennis
sport	Robert Uihlein, Jr. (1916--1976) was an American businessman, heir and polo player.	Robert Uihlein, Jr.	polo
sport	The UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships are the world championships for track cycling where athletes with a physical disability compete, organized by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI).	UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships	track cycling
sport	Huddersfield Giants are an English professional rugby league club from Huddersfield, West Yorkshire who play in the Super League competition.	Huddersfield Giants	rugby league
sport	Elitsa Vasileva (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Елица Василева) (born 13 May 1990 in Dupnitsa) is an international volleyball player from Bulgaria.	Elitsa Vasileva	volleyball
sport	José Luis Clerc (born 16 August 1958) is a former Argentine professional tennis player, and one of the most important Argentine players in history.	José Luis Clerc	tennis
sport	The Shepparton East Football Club, now nicknamed the Eagles, is an Australian rules football club playing in the Picola & District Football League.	Shepparton East Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The MCW Cruiserweight Championship was a professional wrestling cruiserweight championship owned by the Maryland Championship Wrestling (MCW) promotion.	MCW Cruiserweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Ivica Marić (born April 16, 1967 in Zenica, Bosnia) is a Croatian former professional basketball player.	Ivica Marić	basketball
sport	Michalis Giannakidis (alternate spellings: Michail, Mihalis) (Greek: Μιχάλης Γιαννακίδης; born April 6, 1988) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Michalis Giannakidis	basketball
sport	Comtesse de Kermel (the Countess of Kermel) or Thérèse de Kermel, née Thérèse Villard (15 June 1874 -- 1955) was a French tennis player at the beginning of the 20th century.	Comtesse de Kermel	tennis
sport	Eduard Uvíra (born July 12, 1961 in Opava, Czechoslovakia) is an ice hockey player who played for the Czechoslovak national team.	Eduard Uvíra	ice hockey
sport	Entente Sportive La Rochelle, commonly known as ES La Rochelle, is a French association football club based in the commune of La Rochelle in the Charente-Maritime department of western France.	ES La Rochelle	association football
sport	SG Rommerz or SG Blau-Weiss Rommerz is a German association football club based in Rommerz, near Neuhof in Hesse.	SG Rommerz	association football
sport	Jokipojat is a Finnish semi-professional ice hockey team that plays in the Mestis.	Jokipojat	ice hockey
sport	Ivona Jerković (born July 2, 1984 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian women's basketball player.	Ivona Jerković	basketball
sport	Captain Sir George Marjoribanks (died 1931) was a British polo player and banker.	George Marjoribanks	polo
sport	Pontarddulais Cricket Club is a cricket club based in Pontarddulais, Swansea	Pontarddulais Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The Malaysia Cup (Malay: Piala Malaysia) is an annual association football tournament in Malaysia.	Malaysia Cup	association football
sport	Taylor Braun (born July 6, 1991) is an American professional basketball player who plays for ratiopharm Ulm of Germany's Basketball Bundesliga.	Taylor Braun	basketball
sport	Chen Hung-ling (Chinese: 陳宏麟; pinyin: Chén Hónglín; Wade--Giles: Chen Hung-lin; born February 10, 1986) is a badminton player representing Chinese Taipei.	Chen Hung-ling	badminton
sport	BC Sakalai was a professional basketball club based in Vilnius, Lithuania, playing in the Lithuanian Basketball League and the Baltic Basketball League.	BC Sakalai	basketball
sport	The Copa América Femenina (previously the Campeonato Sudamericano de Fútbol Femenino, shortened Sudamericano Femenino) is the main competition in women's association football between national teams of the CONMEBOL.	Copa América Femenina	association football
sport	Darpan Inani (born 1994) is a prolific blind Indian chess player from Vadodara.	Darpan Inani	chess
sport	The 2012 Men's European Volleyball League was the ninth edition of the annual European Volleyball League, which featured men's national volleyball teams from ten European countries.	2012 Men's European Volleyball League	volleyball
sport	Guillaume Samica (born 28 September 1981) is a French volleyball player, a member of France men's national volleyball team in 2003--2012 and Polish club AZS Politechnika Warszawska, a participant of the Olympic Games Athens 2004, silver medalist of the European Championship 2009 and the World League 2006.	Guillaume Samica	volleyball
sport	Indoor soccer or arena soccer (known internationally either as minifootball, fast football, floorball, showball) is a game derived from association football adapted for play in a walled indoor arena.	Indoor soccer	association football
sport	Rait Käbin (born 2 September 1981) is an Estonian professional basketball coach, and a former professional basketball player.	Rait Käbin	basketball
sport	Victor Thibault (born 8 March 1867, date of death unknown) was a French competitor in the sport of archery.	Victor Thibault	archery
sport	Ernani Christopher M. Pacana III (born December 24, 1981), better known as Chris Pacana, is a former Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Barako Bull Energy Cola.	Chris Pacana	basketball
sport	Luca Morisi (born 22 February 1991) is an Italian rugby union player for Benetton Treviso and the Italian national rugby union team.	Luca Morisi	rugby union
sport	Thierry Alibert is a professional rugby league referee.	Thierry Alibert	rugby league
sport	The Pan American Fencing Championships (Spanish: Campeonato Panamericano de Esgrima; French: Championnats Panaméricains) are an annual top-level fencing tournament organized by the Pan American Fencing Confederation.	Pan American Fencing Championships	fencing
sport	The Clock Play was a famous trick play in American football, immortalized in what came to be known as the Fake Spike Game, played on November 27, 1994.	Clock Play	American football
sport	Robert Rosén (born June 25, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre, currently playing for Växjö Lakers in the Elitserien (SEL).	Robert Rosén	ice hockey
sport	Jhonatan Solano (born August 12, 1985) is a Colombian professional baseball catcher who is currently in the Washington Nationals organization.	Jhonatan Solano	baseball
sport	Gazi Warriors is the American football team of Gazi University in Ankara, Turkey.	Gazi Warriors	American football
sport	The Johnnie Walker Classic was a European Tour golf tournament which is played in the Asia Pacific region.	Johnnie Walker Classic	golf
sport	Daniel Elyakim is a chess International Grandmaster in Correspondence Chess and the Israeli champion of Correspondence Chess for the 1986 championship.	Daniel Elyakim	chess
sport	David Pocock (born 23 April 1988) is an Australian rugby union player.	David Pocock	rugby union
sport	Ahmed Hadjali (born June 16, 1976 in Boghni, Tizi Ouzou Province) is an Algerian handball player currently playing for French club US Ivry Handball and the Algerian National Team.	Ahmed Hadjali	handball
sport	Basketligan dam, formerly known as Damligan until 2011--12, is the top professional women's basketball league in Sweden.	Basketligan dam	basketball
sport	The Camden Rams Rugby League Football Club is an Australian rugby league football club based in Camden, New South Wales, formed in 1910.	Camden Rams	rugby league
sport	Christian Ban (born March 16, 1982 in Klagenfurt, Austria) is a professional ice hockey forward for the Bakersfield Condors of the ECHL.	Christian Ban	ice hockey
sport	The Six Days of Ghent (Dutch: Zesdaagse Vlaanderen-Gent) is a six-day track cycling race held annually in Ghent, Belgium.	Six Days of Ghent	track cycling
sport	The 1931 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 46th staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887.	1931 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship	hurling
sport	The Vancouver Island Rising Tide (formerly Vancouver Island Crimson Tide) are a Canadian rugby union team based in Victoria, British Columbia.	Vancouver Island Rising Tide	rugby union
sport	The 2010 Swiss Open Super Series is a top level badminton competition which will be held from March 16, 2010 to March 21, 2010 in Basel, Switzerland.	2010 Swiss Open Super Series	badminton
sport	Cory Reamer (born May 6, 1987) is an American football linebacker who played in the National Football League.	Cory Reamer	American football
sport	The Algeria International in badminton is an international open held in Algeria.	Algeria International	badminton
sport	Ann Henricksson (born October 31, 1959) is an American former professional tennis player whose career rand from 1981 to 1994.	Ann Henricksson	tennis
sport	The 1994 Cleveland Indians corked bat incident took place on July 15, 1994 at Comiskey Park in Chicago during a major league baseball game.	1994 Cleveland Indians corked bat incident	baseball
sport	Salanque Méditerranée Pia XIII or SM Pia XIII are a French professional rugby league team from Pia in the Pyrénées-Orientales département.	Salanque Méditerranée Pia XIII	rugby league
sport	Carlton Beal (1914-1994) was an American businessman, college professor and polo player.	Carlton Beal	polo
sport	Fotios Lampropoulos (alternatively spelled: Fotis, Lambropoulos or Labropoulos; Greek: Φώτης Λαμπρόπουλος), born 11 September 1983, is a Greek professional basketball player who currently plays for Apollon Patras in the Greek League .	Fotios Lampropoulos	basketball
sport	John Symes, OBE (11 January 1879 -- 23 September 1944) was an English cricket player.	John Symes	cricket
sport	Yoandy Garlobo Romay (born January 12, 1977 in Jovellanos, Matanzas Province, Cuba) is a baseball player who starred for Cuba at the 2006 World Baseball Classic.	Yoandy Garlobo	baseball
sport	The Austrian Oberliga is the third level of ice hockey in Austria.	Austrian Oberliga	ice hockey
sport	Carl Gustafsson (born October 23, 1989, in Puerto Rico) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player.	Carl Gustafsson	ice hockey
sport	The Livonia Cup is a football trophy contested in an annual match in Riga, between the champions of the Estonian and Latvian domestic association football leagues.	Livonia Cup	association football
sport	The Pittsburgh Hornets were a minor-league professional men's ice hockey team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Pittsburgh Hornets	ice hockey
sport	Ludlow Racecourse is a thoroughbred horse racing venue located near Ludlow, Shropshire, England.	Ludlow Racecourse	horse racing
sport	The 2002 European Tour was the 31st season of golf tournaments since the European Tour officially began in 1972.	2002 European Tour	golf
sport	Béla von Kehrling (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbeːla ˈkeːɐ̯linɡ); Hungarian: Kehrling Béla; 25 January 1891 -- 26 April 1937) was a Hungarian tennis, table tennis, and football player but eventually a winter sportsman familiar with ice-hockey and occasionally competing in bobsleigh.	Béla von Kehrling	tennis
sport	The 2008 Six Nations Championship, known as the 2008 RBS 6 Nations because of the tournament's sponsorship by the Royal Bank of Scotland, was the ninth series of the rugby union Six Nations Championship.	2008 Six Nations Championship	rugby
sport	The 2012 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women (alternatively the Afrobasket U18) was the 12th U-18 FIBA Africa championship, played under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Basketball, the world basketball sport governing body and qualified for the 2013 World Cup.	2012 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship	basketball
sport	Louis Eichborn (1812 - 9 May 1882) was a banker and a strong amateur chess player who played a series of casual games against Adolf Anderssen who was among the best players in the world in the 1850s.	Louis Eichborn	chess
sport	Ugo Mola (born 14 May 1973) is a French former international rugby union player.	Ugo Mola	rugby union
sport	Eleonora Lo Bianco (born 22 December 1979) is an Italian volleyball player, currently the captain of Italy women's national volleyball team.	Eleonora Lo Bianco	volleyball
sport	The Master's de Patinage is an annual figure skating test competition held in September or October in Orléans, France.	Master's de Patinage	figure skating
sport	Super Bowl XIII was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Pittsburgh Steelers and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Dallas Cowboys to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1978 season.	Super Bowl XIII	American football
sport	The Agua Caliente Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour first played in 1930 in Tijuana, Mexico.	Agua Caliente Open	golf
sport	Sam Giammalva, Sr. (born August 1, 1934), is an American former amateur tennis player in the mid-20th century.	Sam Giammalva	tennis
sport	Salesi Sika (born 7 July 1980 in Haveluloto, Tonga) is a former American rugby union player and played as a wing or centre Sika played professional rugby in the French league for Castres Olympique and AS Béziers.	Salesi Sika	rugby union
sport	The Stimpmeter is a device used to measure the speed of a golf course putting green by applying a known force to a golf ball and measuring the distance traveled in feet.	Stimpmeter	golf
sport	Stanislav Zhmakin (born June 25, 1982) is a Russian ice hockey winger who current plays for Yugra Khanty-Mansiysk in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Stanislav Zhmakin	ice hockey
sport	Edwige Pitel (born 4 June 1967) is a French racing cyclist and the winner of the 2003 ITU Duathlon World Championships.	Edwige Pitel	Duathlon
sport	The Queen's Gambit Accepted (or QGA) is a chess opening characterised by the moves: 1.	Queen's Gambit Accepted	chess
sport	Warren Spragg (born 1 November 1982 in Manchester) is an English-born Italian rugby union international.	Warren Spragg	rugby union
sport	Yardley & District RFC is an English rugby union club currently playing in the Midlands 4 West (North) Division.	Yardley & District RFC	rugby union
sport	Jennifer Brundage (born June 27, 1973 in Orange, California) is an American softball player and Olympic champion.	Jennifer Brundage	softball
sport	The Michelob Championship at Kingsmill was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour from 1968 to 2002.	Michelob Championship	golf
sport	Ron Tonkin Field, originally Hillsboro Ballpark, is a baseball park in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Ron Tonkin Field	baseball
sport	Raimonds Miglinieks (born July 16, 1970, in Riga, Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic, USSR) is a retired Latvian professional basketball player.	Raimonds Miglinieks	basketball
sport	The Meijer LPGA Classic is a women's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour.	Meijer LPGA Classic	golf
sport	The 1997 Internationaux de Strasbourg was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Strasbourg in France that was part of Tier III of the 1997 WTA Tour.	1997 Internationaux de Strasbourg	tennis
sport	Frank Dehne (born February 14, 1976 in Berlin) is a volleyball player from Germany, who plays for the National Team.	Frank Dehne	volleyball
sport	Roman Polák (born 28 April 1986) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Toronto Maple Leafs, and serving as an assistant captain of, the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Roman Polák	ice hockey
sport	The Fort Myers Miracle is the Class A Advanced minor league baseball affiliate of the Minnesota Twins Major League Baseball club, based in Fort Myers, Florida and currently managed by Jeff Smith.	Fort Myers Miracle	baseball
sport	The Baseball World Cup was an international tournament in which national baseball teams from around the world competed.	Baseball World Cup	baseball
sport	The Sacramento Monarchs were a basketball team based in Sacramento, California.	Sacramento Monarchs	basketball
sport	Christian Ulmer (born 19 August 1984) is a German Nordic combined skier and ski jumper.	Christian Ulmer	Nordic combined
sport	Scott Mathis (born April 21, 1988) is an American former ice hockey defenseman played for the Air Force Falcons men's ice hockey team which competes in NCAA's Division I in the Atlantic Hockey conference.	Scott Mathis	ice hockey
sport	Shinsuke Kashiwagi (柏木 真介、born December 22, 1981) is a Japanese professional basketball player.	Shinsuke Kashiwagi	basketball
sport	Brett Carson (born November 29, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for SaiPa in the Finnish Liiga.	Brett Carson	ice hockey
sport	Fabiola Ramos (born 15 September 1977 in Maracaibo) is a Venezuelan table tennis player who competed in her fifth consecutive Summer Olympics in 2012.	Fabiola Ramos	table tennis
sport	A Semi-Open Game is a chess opening in which White plays 1.e4 and Black breaks symmetry immediately by replying with a move other than 1...e5.	Semi-Open Game	chess
sport	Budapest Rangers, founded in 2004, are a bandy sports club based in Budapest, Hungary.	Budapest Rangers	bandy
sport	Nedim Dal (born Edin Delić; 3 May, 1975 in Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian-born Turkish basketball player.	Nedim Dal	basketball
sport	The Essen Mosquitoes are a professional ice hockey team from Essen, Germany that competed in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL) from 1999--2000 until the 2001--02 when they lost their license due to insolvency.After it the Team played in the 2.Bundesliga and now still playing in the Oberliga Nord.	Essen Mosquitoes	ice hockey
sport	Lifeimi Mafi (born 15 August 1982) is a Tongan-born rugby union player who has played for the New Zealand national rugby team.	Lifeimi Mafi	rugby union
sport	Touty Gandega (born June 20, 1991 in Paris) is a French-Malian women's basketball player who plays for club USO Mondeville of the League feminine de basket the top league of basketball for women in France.Touty is the Sister of Diana Gandega who also plays basketball.	Touty Gandega	basketball
sport	The 1963 Uber Cup was the third edition of the Uber Cup, the women's badminton competition.	1963 Uber Cup	badminton
sport	Wahconah Park is a city-owned baseball park located in Pittsfield, Massachusetts and nestled in a working-class neighborhood.	Wahconah Park	baseball
sport	Davor Marcelić (born 20 May 1969 in Zadar, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian retired professional basketball player who last played for KK Krka.	Davor Marcelić	basketball
sport	Sion Mills Cricket Club is a cricket club in Sion Mills, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, playing in Qualifying League 1 of the North West League, having dropped out of the North West Senior League before the 2015 season.	Sion Mills Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The 2009 Canada Masters (also known as the 2009 Rogers Masters presented by National Bank and 2009 Rogers Cup for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2009 Rogers Cup	tennis
sport	The 2000 Australian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at Melbourne Park in Melbourne in Australia.	2000 Australian Open	tennis
sport	Troy Lee Mikell (born 1960s) is an American former basketball player.	Troy Lee Mikell	basketball
sport	Abdullah Al Hilali (born January 1, 1970) is an Omani association football referee for FIFA, and the Asian Football Confederation.	Abdullah Al Hilali	association football
sport	Liu Shiwen (simplified Chinese: 刘诗雯; traditional Chinese: 劉詩雯; pinyin: Liú Shīwén; born 12 April 1991) is a Chinese table tennis player.	Liu Shiwen	table tennis
sport	EC Red Bull Salzburg is a professional ice hockey team based in Salzburg, Austria, that currently plays in the Austrian Hockey League.	EC Red Bull Salzburg	ice hockey
sport	Nedim Yücel is a Turkish professional basketball player.	Nedim Yücel	basketball
sport	Gerard Davis (born 25 September 1977) is an association football player who played for the New Zealand national football team, the All Whites.	Gerard Davis	association football
sport	Leigh Verstraete (born January 6, 1962 in Calgary, Alberta) is a former professional ice hockey player who played eight games in the National Hockey League.	Leigh Verstraete	ice hockey
sport	The Fiji Warriors, also referred to as Fiji A, is a national representative rugby team of rugby union in Fiji.	Fiji Warriors	rugby union
sport	KK Dubrava is a Croatian professional basketball club from Dubrava, Zagreb.	KK Dubrava	basketball
sport	His elder son, Truxtun Hare, jr. was also an All American football player at Yale, class of 1933.	Truxtun Hare	American football
sport	The Irish News Cup was a ``north-south'' association football competition in Ireland involving teams from the Irish League and League of Ireland mostly located in the north-west of the island.	Irish News Cup	association football
sport	The 1984 Intercontinental Cup was an association football match between Liverpool F.C. of England and Club Atlético Independiente of Argentina on 9 December 1984 at the National Stadium in Tokyo, Japan, the annual Intercontinental Cup contested between the winners of the Copa Libertadores and European Cup.	1984 Intercontinental Cup	association football
sport	The Netherlands Davis Cup team represents the Netherlands in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Royal Dutch Lawn Tennis Association.	Netherlands Davis Cup team	tennis
sport	Gloucestershire County Cricket Club in 2004 were playing their cricket in Division One of the County Championship and totesport league.	Gloucestershire County Cricket Club in 2004	cricket
sport	Anna Chmelková (née Blanáriková; born 26 July 1944) is a Slovak former track and field sprinter who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 400 metres.	Anna Chmelková	track and field
sport	Denis Yachmenev (born 6 April 1984 in Chelyabinsk, Russia) is an ice hockey player.	Denis Yachmenev	ice hockey
sport	Harry Golombek OBE (1 March 1911 -- 7 January 1995), was a British chess International Master and honorary grandmaster, chess arbiter, and chess author.	Harry Golombek	chess
sport	Patrick Sean Payton (born December 29, 1963) is an American football coach and former player who is the current head coach of the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL).	Sean Payton	American football
sport	Movistar Team (UCI team code: MOV) is a professional road bicycle racing team which participates in the UCI ProTour and has achieved thirteen general classification (GC) victories in Grand Tours.	Movistar Team	road bicycle racing
sport	The 2013 Guimarães Open was a professional tennis tournament played on Hard Courts.	2013 Guimarães Open	tennis
sport	The 1989 FIBA Americas Championship for Women, was the first FIBA Americas Championship for Women regional basketball championship held by FIBA Americas, which also served as Americas qualifier for the 1990 FIBA World Championship for Women, granting berths to the top four teams in the final standings.	1989 FIBA Americas Championship for Women	basketball
sport	Ronde van Drenthe (English: Tour of Drenthe) is an elite men's and women's professional road bicycle racing event held annually in the Drenthe, Netherlands and sanctioned by the Royal Dutch Cycling Union.	Ronde van Drenthe	road bicycle racing
sport	Billy Donlon (born February 10, 1977) is an American college basketball coach and the current head coach of the Wright State University Raiders men's basketball team in Dayton, Ohio.	Billy Donlon	basketball
sport	Die Schwalbe is the German chess composition society and issues the bimonthly magazine Die Schwalbe.	Die Schwalbe	chess
sport	Asnières Volley 92 is a French volleyball association based in Asnières-sur-Seine.	Asnières Volley 92	volleyball
sport	The Fitzroy Doncaster Cricket Club, nicknamed the Lions, play cricket in the elite club competition of Melbourne, Australia, known as Victorian Premier Cricket.	Fitzroy Doncaster Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The Cleveland Infants were a one-year baseball team in the Players' League.	Cleveland Infants	baseball
sport	Claude Ruel (September 12, 1938 -- February 9, 2015) was a professional ice hockey coach for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Claude Ruel	ice hockey
sport	The Edmonton Ice were a junior ice hockey team based in Edmonton, Alberta that played two seasons in the Western Hockey League.	Edmonton Ice	ice hockey
sport	The 2001 Estoril Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Estoril Court Central in Oeiras in Portugal and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour and of Tier IV of the 2001 WTA Tour.	2001 Estoril Open	tennis
sport	The Premier Soccer League (PSL) is a league competition featuring professional association football clubs from South Africa.	Premier Soccer League	association football
sport	Williams Grand Prix Engineering Limited (), currently racing in Formula One as Williams Martini Racing, is a British Formula One motor racing team and constructor.	Williams Grand Prix Engineering	Formula One
sport	The European Karate Federation (EKF) is the governing body of competitive karate in more than 50 countries across Europe.	European Karate Federation	karate
sport	Florent van Aubel (born 25 October 1991 in Ghent, Belgium) is a Belgian international field hockey player.	Florent van Aubel	field hockey
sport	The 1994 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	1994 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup	tennis
sport	Dustin Kohn (born February 2, 1987) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player.	Dustin Kohn	ice hockey
sport	Alessandro Calori (born August 29, 1966 in Arezzo) is an Italian association football coach and former player, most recently in charge as head coach of Serie B club Brescia.	Alessandro Calori	association football
sport	The John Olerud Two-Way Player of the Year Award (known colloquially the John Olerud Award) is a college baseball award given to the best two-way player of the season.	John Olerud Award	baseball
sport	The Northern Cape Classic is a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour.	Northern Cape Classic	golf
sport	Sharon Hambrook (born March 28, 1963) is a Canadian world champion and Olympic medalist in synchronized swimming.	Sharon Hambrook	synchronized swimming
sport	Kate Starbird (born July 30, 1975) is a former professional basketball player in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) and the American Basketball League (ABL).	Kate Starbird	basketball
sport	The French Figure Skating Championships (French: Championnat de France Elite) is a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of France.	French Figure Skating Championships	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating	figure skating
sport	Stuart Wagman (May 14, 1919, in New York, NY -- November 24, 2007, in Livorno, Italy) was an American chess player and FIDE Master.	Stuart Wagman	chess
sport	The 2010 European Tour is the second edition of the Race to Dubai and the 39th season of golf tournaments since the European Tour officially began in 1972.	2010 European Tour	golf
sport	Astra Klovāne (born October 13, 1944, Baldone as Astra Ērgle) is a former Latvian chess player.	Astra Klovāne	chess
sport	Tony Barros (born 3 May 1984) is a Cape Verdean American basketball player with the Cape Verde national basketball team and formerly at the University of Massachusetts Boston.	Tony Barros	basketball
sport	Basket Parma, also known as Lavezzini Parma for sponsorship reasons, is an Italian women's basketball club from Parma playing in Serie A1.	Basket Parma	basketball
sport	The WNC Women's Championship was a professional wrestling championship owned by the Wrestling New Classic (WNC) promotion.	WNC Women's Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Tour of Qatar is an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Qatar.	Tour of Qatar	road bicycle racing
sport	Louis Deacon (born 7 October 1980 in Leicester) is a former English professional rugby union footballer.	Louis Deacon	rugby union
sport	The Penfold Tournament was a golf tournament on the European circuit/European Tour.	Penfold Tournament	golf
sport	Emil Lundberg (born January 11, 1982) is a professional Swedish ice hockey Centre.	Emil Lundberg	ice hockey
sport	The 2007 Chennai Open was an ATP Tour tennis tournament held in Chennai, India from 1 January until 8 January 2007.	2007 Chennai Open	tennis
sport	The Frederikshavn White Hawks are a Danish professional ice hockey team playing in the top Danish ice hockey league currently called the AL-Bank Ligaen.	Frederikshavn White Hawks	ice hockey
sport	Shawn Simpson (born August 10, 1968, in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player who is currently an on-air personality on TSN 1200 radio in Ottawa.	Shawn Simpson	ice hockey
sport	Bat-El Gatterer (Hebrew: בת אל גטרר; born February 4, 1988) is an Israeli Olympic taekwondo athlete.	Bat-El Gatterer	taekwondo
sport	Volley Group d'Arté Averbode are a former Belgian volleyball club based in Averbode.	Group d'Arté Averbode	volleyball
sport	Orlando Calixte (born February 3, 1992) is a Dominican professional baseball shortstop who is currently is in the Kanas City Royals organization.	Orlando Calixte	baseball
sport	Beáta Hoffmann (born June 22, 1967 in Győr) is a former Hungarian handball goalkeeper, World Championship silver medalist and Olympic bronze medalist.	Beáta Hoffmann	handball
sport	The 2012 Champions League Twenty20 (CLT20) was the fourth edition of the Champions League Twenty20, an international Twenty20 cricket tournament.	2012 Champions League Twenty20	cricket
sport	Ivan Zoroski (Serbian: Иван Зороски, born on July 24, 1979) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player.	Ivan Zoroski	basketball
sport	Craig White (born 1969) is an English former first-class cricketer, and latterly cricket coach.	Craig White	cricket
sport	The 2003 FIBA European Championship, commonly called FIBA EuroBasket 2003, was the 33rd FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship held by FIBA Europe, which also served as Europe qualifier for the 2004 Summer Olympics, giving a berth to the top three teams in the final standings.	EuroBasket 2003	basketball
sport	Steve Aponavicius is an American football kicker.	Steve Aponavicius	American football
sport	Pedro Ferrándiz González (born November 20, 1928 in Alicante, Spain) is a Spanish basketball coach.	Pedro Ferrándiz	basketball
sport	The Czechoslovakian International (also known as International Championships of the ČSSR) in badminton was an international open held in Czechoslovakia since 1972 until 1992.	Czechoslovakian International	badminton
sport	The 2011 French Super Series was a top level badminton competition contested from October 25, 2011 to October 30, 2011 in Paris, France.	2011 French Super Series	badminton
sport	The Malta International in badminton was an international open held in Malta since 1971 until 1992.	Malta International	badminton
sport	Andrea Trinchieri (born August 6, 1967) is an Italian professional basketball coach.	Andrea Trinchieri	basketball
sport	Bettina Fulco (born October 23, 1968) is a retired Argentine professional women's tennis player.	Bettina Fulco	tennis
sport	The Vuelta a Cuba (English: Tour of Cuba) was a multi-day road bicycle racing stage race held annually each February in Cuba.	Vuelta a Cuba	road bicycle racing
sport	The World Basketball Association, often abbreviated to the WBA, is a semi-professional men's spring basketball league in the United States.	World Basketball Association	basketball
sport	Boitsfort Rugby Club is a Belgian rugby union club currently competing in the Belgian Elite League.	Boitsfort Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	The 2005 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy was the 4th Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy, an English county cricket tournament, held between 3 May and 3 September 2005.	2005 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy	cricket
sport	Humphrey Hose (born 4 May 1947) is a former professional tennis player from Curaçao who represented Venezuela in the Davis Cup.	Humphrey Hose	tennis
sport	Per Thomas Rundqvist (born 4 May 1960 in Vimmerby, Sweden) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey player and now sporting director of Färjestads BK.	Thomas Rundqvist	ice hockey
sport	The Erie Otters are a Major junior ice hockey team based in Erie, Pennsylvania.	Erie Otters	ice hockey
sport	Junior Aumavae (born April 29, 1986) is an American football nose tackle who is currently a free agent.	Junior Aumavae	American football
sport	Trent Lockett (born December 10, 1990) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Dolomiti Energia Trento of the Italian Serie A. He played college basketball for Arizona State and Marquette.	Trent Lockett	basketball
sport	Đào Thiên Hải (born 10 May 1978 in Sa Đéc) is a Vietnamese chess player and trainer.	Đào Thiên Hải	chess
sport	The 2013 Washington Nationals season was the Nationals' ninth season for the baseball franchise of Major League Baseball in the District of Columbia, the sixth season at Nationals Park, and the 45th since the original team was started in Montreal, Canada.	2013 Washington Nationals season	baseball
sport	The ATP World Tour Masters 1000 is a series of nine tennis tournaments that are part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) tour, held annually throughout the year in Europe, North America and Asia.	ATP World Tour Masters 1000	tennis
sport	Nick Youngquest (born 28 July 1983 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian model and former professional rugby league footballer.	Nick Youngquest	rugby league
sport	The Franz Beckenbauer Cup is an annual friendly association football match named in honour of Franz Beckenbauer.	Franz Beckenbauer Cup	association football
sport	Eugene Perelshteyn (born 1980) is a chess grandmaster and author.	Eugene Perelshteyn	chess
sport	Poulomi Ghatak (Bengali: পৌলমী ঘটক), born 3 Jan 1983, a table tennis player from West Bengal, India.	Poulomi Ghatak	table tennis
sport	Mike Cortez (born November 10, 1980) is a Filipino-American professional basketball player who will play for the Blackwater Elite in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Mike Cortez	basketball
sport	Doug Flach (born August 10, 1970, in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former tennis player from the United States.	Doug Flach	tennis
sport	Dallas Johnson (born 23 November 1982 in Atherton, Queensland) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s.	Dallas Johnson	rugby league
sport	The 2006 AFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Sydney Swans and West Coast Eagles, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne on 30 September 2006.	2006 AFL Grand Final	Australian rules football
sport	Albert Parsells (1918-1954) was an American polo player.	Albert Parsells	polo
sport	The Scottish Claymores were an American football team based in Scotland.	Scottish Claymores	American football
sport	Hugo López Muñoz (born July 29, 1975) is a Spanish basketball coach, currently serving as the head coach for the Halifax Hurricanes of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL).	Hugo López	basketball
sport	The 2008 FIBA Africa Women's Clubs Champions Cup (14th edition), was an international basketball tournament held in Nairobi, Kenya, from November 20 to 29, 2008.	2008 FIBA Africa Women's Clubs Champions Cup	basketball
sport	Andrea Lo Cicero Vaina (Italian pronunciation: (anˈdrɛa lo ˈtʃitʃero); born Catania, 7 May 1976) is an Italian rugby union footballer.	Andrea Lo Cicero	rugby union
sport	Valeriy Neverov (Russian: Валерий Неверов; Ukrainian: Валерій Невєров; born 21 June 1964 in Kharkiv) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster (1991) and Ukrainian champion in 1983, 1985, 1988 and 1996.	Valeriy Neverov	chess
sport	The Manitoba Hockey Association (MHA) was an early men's senior ice hockey league playing around 1900 in Manitoba, Canada.	Manitoba Hockey Association	ice hockey
sport	A.C. Orestias (full name Athletic Club of Orestias/ Greek: Αθλητικός Όμιλος Ορεστιάδας) is a Greek volleyball club based in Orestias.	A.C. Orestias	volleyball
sport	The European Curling Championships are annual curling tournaments held in Europe between various European nations.	European Curling Championships	curling
sport	Christos Tapoutos (Greek: Χρήστος Ταπούτος; born September 21, 1982) is a Greek professional basketball player who currently plays for Kavala of the Greek Basket League.	Christos Tapoutos	basketball
sport	Stéphanie Foretz (born on 3 May 1981) is a French tennis player.	Stéphanie Foretz	tennis
sport	Nicolás Valansi (Hebrew: ניקולס ולנסי‎; born 11 April 1979) is an Argentine-Israeli association football player who plays for Sportivo Chimichurri.	Nicolás Valansi	association football
sport	Kent Steffes (born June 23, 1968 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is a former professional beach volleyball player.	Kent Steffes	beach volleyball
sport	Aleksandar Todorov (Macedonian: Александар Тодоров; born July 17, 1973 in Skopje, Macedonia) is a Macedonian basketball coach.	Aleksandar Todorov	basketball
sport	The Maroubra Lions is a community rugby league football club located in Maroubra, in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney, Australia.	Maroubra Lions	rugby league
sport	The Chess Olympiad is a biennial chess tournament in which teams from all over the world compete.	Chess Olympiad	chess
sport	Robert Early Strawbridge, Jr. (November 17, 1896 - March 6, 1986) was an American polo champion and chairman of the United States Polo Association.	Robert Early Strawbridge, Jr.	polo
sport	Eddie Ockenden is an Australian field hockey player.	Eddie Ockenden	field hockey
sport	Mike Marcinkiewicz (born January 26, 1966) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player and is the current head coach of the University of Florida's ice hockey team.	Mike Marcinkiewicz	ice hockey
sport	Levan Moseshvili (Georgian: ლევან მოსეშვილი; Russian: Леван Мосешвили; born 23 May 1940) is a retired Georgian basketball player.	Levan Moseshvili	basketball
sport	Adolphe Silbert was a French chess master.	Adolphe Silbert	chess
sport	Arman Zangeneh (Persian: آرمان زنگنه ‎‎, born June 15, 1993) is an Iranian professional basketball player.	Arman Zangeneh	basketball
sport	Nicolas Kiefer (born 5 July 1977), is a former German professional tennis player.	Nicolas Kiefer	tennis
sport	Katrine Fruelund (born July 12, 1978 in Randers, Midtjylland) is a former Danish team handball player and Olympic champion.	Katrine Fruelund	handball
sport	The 1996 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Filderstadt Tennis Centre in Filderstadt in Germany that was part of Tier II of the 1996 WTA Tour.	1996 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix	tennis
sport	Laine Selwyn (born May 16, 1981) is an American professional women's basketball player with Maccabi Ashdod (women's basketball).	Laine Selwyn	basketball
sport	Vincent Grier (born March 14, 1983) is an American former college basketball player for the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers.	Vincent Grier	basketball
sport	The 2012 If Stockholm Open was a professional men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.	2012 If Stockholm Open	tennis
sport	Espen Lie Hansen (born 1 March 1989) is a Norwegian handball player for A1 Bregenz HB and the Norway's national team.	Espen Lie Hansen	handball
sport	The Dayton Bombers were an ECHL ice hockey team located in Dayton, Ohio.	Dayton Bombers	ice hockey
sport	Andrej Kravárik (born 28 July 1971 in Piešťany, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak-Greek former volleyball player and current volleyball coach.	Andrej Kravárik	volleyball
sport	The 2007 Conference USA Baseball Tournament was the 2007 postseason college baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Conference USA, held at Clark-LeClair Stadium in Greenville, North Carolina from May 23--	2007 Conference USA Baseball Tournament	baseball
sport	The 1875 Scottish Cup Final was the 2nd final of Scottish football's most prestigious knockout association football competition, the Scottish Cup.	1875 Scottish Cup Final	association football
sport	Nadav Henefeld (Hebrew: נדב הנפלד; born June 19, 1968) is a former Israeli basketball player.	Nadav Henefeld	basketball
sport	The 1999 Open Gaz de France was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hardcourts at the Stade Pierre de Coubertin in Paris in France that was part of Tier II of the 1999 WTA Tour.	1999 Open Gaz de France	tennis
sport	Kaii Yoshida (Japanese: 吉田 海偉; Chinese: 宋海伟; pinyin: Song Haiwei) (born 16 May 1981) is a Chinese-Japanese table tennis player who is ranked among the top fifty athletes in his sport.	Kaii Yoshida	table tennis
sport	International rules football (Irish: Peil na rialacha idirnáisiunta; also known as inter rules in Australia and compromise rules in Ireland) is a team sport consisting of a hybrid of football codes, which was developed to facilitate international representative matches between Australian rules football players and Gaelic football players.	International rules football	Australian rules football
sport	Martin Jágr (born 29 September 1979 in Prague) is a Czech rugby union footballer.	Martin Jágr	rugby union
sport	John Tomac (born November 3, 1967, in Owosso, Michigan) is an American retired professional cyclist who competed in multiple disciplines in road racing and mountain biking during a successful senior career that spanned twenty years.	John Tomac	mountain biking
sport	A.C. Trento S.C.S.D. (also nicknamed i Gialloblu or gli Aquilotti) is an Italian association football, and the major football club in Trento, Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol.	A.C. Trento S.C.S.D.	association football
sport	Alberto David (born 26 March 1970 in Milan) is a Luxembourgian-Italian chess grandmaster.	Alberto David	chess
sport	He is the owner and operator of Scam Surfing, Inc. Chris Davidson representing scam surfing was the #1 contender for the 2010 Rip Curl Pro in Bells Beach.	Chris Davidson	surfing
sport	The Australian Ice Hockey League (AIHL) is Australia's top-level ice hockey league.	Australian Ice Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Paolo Lorenzi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpaːolo loˈrɛntsi); born 15 December 1981 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian professional tennis player, and current Italian No. 3.	Paolo Lorenzi	tennis
sport	The Kuwait women's national football team, represents Kuwait in international women's association football and is governed by Kuwait Football Association (KFA).	Kuwait women's national football team	association football
sport	Rugby Viadana is an Italian rugby union club based in Viadana (province of Mantua, Lombardy).	Rugby Viadana	rugby union
sport	Sébastien Sejean (born October 31, 1983, in France) is an American football safety for the Reading Express of the Indoor Football League.	Sébastien Sejean	American football
sport	Bristol Rugby is a rugby union club based in Bristol, England.	Bristol Rugby	rugby union
sport	Erik Sebastian Collberg (born February 23, 1994) is a Swedish professional ice hockey right winger, currently playing for the Bridgeport Sound Tigers of the American Hockey League as a prospect for the New York Islanders in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Sebastian Collberg	ice hockey
sport	The 2015 Davis Cup was the 104th edition of the Davis Cup, a tournament between national teams in men's tennis.	2015 Davis Cup	tennis
sport	Merel Mooren (born September 22, 1982) is a Dutch professional beach volleyball and indoor volleyball player born in Haarlem.	Merel Mooren	beach volleyball
sport	The Wade Trophy is an award presented annually to the best women's basketball player in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I competition.	Wade Trophy	basketball
sport	Đorđe Simeunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Симеуновић, born 26 April 1995) is a Serbian professional basketball player, currently playing as a swingman for Mega Leks of the Basketball League of Serbia.	Đorđe Simeunović	basketball
sport	The 2009 Dutch Figure Skating Championships were the Dutch Figure Skating Championships of the 2008-2009 figure skating season.	2009 Dutch Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Paul-Ausserleitner-Schanze (``Paul Ausserleitner Hill'') was opened in 1941, and re-built in 2003, and is a ski jumping venue in Bischofshofen, Austria.	Paul-Ausserleitner-Schanze	ski jumping
sport	The Melbourne Harlequins Rugby Union Club is an Australian rugby union team formed in 1928.	Melbourne Harlequins	rugby union
sport	Juha Ikonen (born June 7, 1970) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey player, who last played in 2002.	Juha Ikonen	ice hockey
sport	Derrick Walton, Jr. (born April 3, 1995) is an American college basketball player for The University of Michigan where he is playing his junior season for the 2015--16 team.	Derrick Walton	basketball
sport	Saleh Foroutannik (Persian: صالح فروتن‌نیک ‎‎, born 1994 in Mashhad) is an Iranian professional basketball player.	Saleh Foroutan	basketball
sport	The Dapto Canaries are an Australian rugby league football team based in the Wollongong suburb of Dapto.	Dapto Canaries	rugby league
sport	The Memorial Tournament is a PGA Tour golf tournament, founded 39 years ago in 1976 by Jack Nicklaus.	Memorial Tournament	golf
sport	Vincent Tremblay (born October 21, 1959 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 58 games in the National Hockey League.	Vincent Tremblay	ice hockey
sport	Justin Mensah-Coker (born November 18, 1983 in North Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian rugby union player who plays internationally with the Canadian national team.	Justin Mensah-Coker	rugby union
sport	Astrid Suurbeek (born 15 February 1947, Amsterdam) is a former Dutch tennis player who was mainly active in the late sixties.	Astrid Suurbeek	tennis
sport	CSP Izmailovo (Russian: ЦСП Измайлово), formerly ShVSM Izmailovo, was a women's association football club based in Moscow, Russia.	CSP Izmailovo	association football
sport	Andrius Šležas (February 4, 1975 in Joniškis) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player.	Andrius Šležas	basketball
sport	The A.S.D. Rugby Reggio, also known as Rugby Reggio, is an Italian professional rugby union team.	Rugby Reggio	rugby union
sport	The 2007 UEFA Champions League Final was an association football match between A.C. Milan of Italy and Liverpool F.C. of England on 23 May 2007 at the Olympic Stadium, Athens, Greece.	2007 UEFA Champions League Final	association football
sport	The Charlotte Hounds are a Major League Lacrosse (MLL) professional men's field lacrosse franchise that began play in the 2012 MLL season.	Charlotte Hounds	lacrosse
sport	Mirco Müller (also spelled Mirco Mueller, born 21 March 1995) is a Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman.	Mirco Müller	ice hockey
sport	The 2008 Tour of Missouri is the second annual edition of a professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Missouri.	2008 Tour of Missouri	road bicycle racing
sport	The CONCACAF Under-20 Championship is the second longest running international association football event in the North America, Central America and the Caribbean region, CONCACAF, and is the qualification tournament for the FIFA U-20 World Cup.	CONCACAF Under-20 Championship	association football
sport	Stephen Noteboom (born July 31, 1969, in Geldrop, Netherlands), is a former professional tennis player from the Netherlands.	Stephen Noteboom	tennis
sport	Anke Huber (born 4 December 1974) is a German retired professional tennis player.	Anke Huber	tennis
sport	The ``Immortal Losing Game'' is a chess game between the Soviet grandmaster David Bronstein and the Polish International Master Bogdan Śliwa played in 1957 in Gotha.	Immortal Losing Game	chess
sport	Jamie Adams (born 26 August 1987 in Stranraer, Scotland) is a Scottish professional association football player who plays for Scottish League One side Ayr United.	Jamie Adams	association football
sport	Nikita Tregubov (Russian: Никита Трегубов; born 14 February 1995 in Krasnoyarsk) is a Russian skeleton racer.	Nikita Tregubov	skeleton
sport	The Classic All Blacks is a rugby union team made up of former New Zealand Rugby (Mens) representatives.	Classic All Blacks	rugby union
sport	The 2000 Trophée Lalique was a figure skating competition held in Paris, France from November 23 to 26.	2000 Trophée Lalique	figure skating
sport	MyFootballClub is an English Industrial and Provident Society that sought, starting in August 2007, to recruit at least 50,000 football enthusiasts from across the world to purchase an English association football club.	MyFootballClub	association football
sport	The 1986 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Hawthorn Football Club and the Carlton Football Club.	1986 VFL Grand Final	Australian rules football
sport	Junthy Valenzuela (born June 5, 1979 in Bogo, Cebu) is a Filipino former basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association, a former Red Bull Barako player.	Junthy Valenzuela	basketball
sport	Asseco Gdynia is a Polish professional basketball team, based in Gdynia.	Asseco Gdynia	basketball
sport	The ``Grand Slam Cup'' was a tennis tournament held annually at the Olympiahalle in Munich in Germany from 1990 through 1999.	Grand Slam Cup	tennis
sport	Van Merksteijn Motorsport is a Dutch motorsport company active in both circuit racing and rallying.	Van Merksteijn Motorsport	rallying
sport	Christophe Negrel (born May 25, 1977 in Marseille) is a French taekwondo practitioner, who competed in the men's welterweight category.	Christophe Negrel	taekwondo
sport	Etoile Sportive Prisse Macon is a French professional basketball team located in Prissé, France.	Etoile Sportive Prisse Macon	basketball
sport	Siverino A. Baclao, Jr. better known as Nonoy Baclao (born June 15, 1987 in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental) is a Filipino professional basketball player who plays for the Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).	Nonoy Baclao	basketball
sport	The Johnstown Chiefs were a minor league ice hockey team located in Johnstown, Pennsylvania that played in the ECHL.	Johnstown Chiefs	ice hockey
sport	Bradley Sheridan (born 19 February 1980, in Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian basketball player who used to play in the NBL.	Bradley Sheridan	basketball
sport	København Håndbold (Copenhagen Handball) is a Danish handball club from Copenhagen, Denmark.	København Håndbold	handball
sport	The 1980 WAFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the South Fremantle Football Club and the Swan Districts Football Club, on 27 September 1980 at Subiaco Oval, to determine the premier team of the West Australian Football League (WAFL) for the 1980 season.	1980 WAFL Grand Final	Australian rules football
sport	The Turk, also known as the Mechanical Turk or Automaton Chess Player (German: Schachtürke, ``chess Turk''; Hungarian: A Török), was a fake chess-playing machine constructed in the late 18th century.	The Turk	chess
sport	The American Chess Bulletin was a chess periodical that was published monthly (November-April) and bi-monthly (May-October) from 1904 to 1963.	American Chess Bulletin	chess
sport	North County Cricket Club is a cricket club in Balrothery, County Dublin, Ireland, playing in Division 1 of the Leinster Senior League.	North County Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The Central Coast Rhinos are a semi-professional ice hockey team based in Erina, New South Wales, Australia.	Central Coast Rhinos	ice hockey
sport	Whitley Warriors are an ice hockey team based in Whitley Bay in the north east of England.	Whitley Warriors	ice hockey
sport	David Registe (born 2 May 1988) is a US-born athlete representing Dominica in the long jump.	David Registe	long jump
sport	The Colorado Springs Sky Sox are a minor league baseball team in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Colorado Springs Sky Sox	baseball
sport	The Canberra Knights were a semi-professional ice hockey team in the Australian Ice Hockey League (AIHL).	Canberra Knights	ice hockey
sport	Linfield Rangers F.C. is the current youth team of Linfield F.C. who play in the IFA Premiership the highest level of association football in Northern Ireland.	Linfield Rangers	association football
sport	HC La Chaux-de-Fonds is a Swiss professional ice hockey team.	HC La Chaux-de-Fonds	ice hockey
sport	The 2004 European Cricket Championship Division One was a cricket tournament hosted by the Koninklijke Nederlandse Cricket Bond (Royal Dutch Cricket Association), with matches being staged in Deventer, Rotterdam and Utrecht.	2004 European Cricket Championship Division One	cricket
sport	Aki Rahunen (born 24 December 1971) is a former professional tennis player from Finland.	Aki Rahunen	tennis
sport	Montpellier Hérault Rugby (French pronunciation: ​(mɔ̃.pə.lje eʁo ʁʊɡbi klʊb)) (In Occitan: Montpelhièr Erau Rugbi Club) is a professional French rugby union, based in Montpellier, the capital of Languedoc-Roussillon.	Montpellier Hérault Rugby	rugby union
sport	The 1997 Chennai Open, known for sponsorship reasons as the 1997 Gold Flake Open, was an ATP tennis tournament held in Chennai, India.	1997 Chennai Open	tennis
sport	A stranger interrupts a beach volleyball game and offering the player to join the ``Ocean Beach Volley'' worldwide tournament, to play against the best from eight other countries.	Beach Volley	beach volleyball
sport	Anthony Jay Washington Vea (born November 10, 1981) is a Filipino-American professional basketball that plays for the GlobalPort Batang Pier in the PBA.	Jay Washington	basketball
sport	The 1980 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played at the Capital Centre in Landover, Maryland, on February 3, 1980.	1980 NBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	Dmitry Kochkin (Russian: Дми́трий Ко́чкин; born 25 April 1934 in Kirov) was a former Soviet Nordic combined skier who competed in the early 1960s.	Dmitry Kochkin	Nordic combined
sport	Nevena Lukic (born August 16, 1981 in Innsbruck) is an Austrian taekwondo practitioner, who competed in the women's flyweight category.	Nevena Lukic	taekwondo
sport	Luigi Mastrangelo (born August 17, 1975 in Mottola, Italy) is an Italian men's volleyball player, a member of Italy men's national volleyball team, silver and bronze medalist of the Olympic Games, multiple winner of the European Championship and World League.	Luigi Mastrangelo	volleyball
sport	Special figures were a component of figure skating in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Special figures	figure skating
sport	The Halloween Gambit (also known as the Müller--Schulze Gambit or Leipzig Gambit) is an aggressive chess opening gambit in which White sacrifices a knight early-on for a single pawn.	Halloween Gambit	chess
sport	Borgosesia Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Borgosesia, Piedmont.	Borgosesia Calcio	association football
sport	The 1920 Hammond Pros season was the franchise's inaugural season in the American Professional Football Association (APFA) and second as an American football team.	1920 Hammond Pros season	American football
sport	The IIHF World Ranking is a ranking of the performance of the national ice hockey teams of member countries of the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF).	IIHF World Ranking	ice hockey
sport	The South East Hockey League was a minor ice hockey league formed in August 2003.	South East Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Charles Olemus (born February 16, 1947) was a Haitian track and field athlete who competed at the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal.	Charles Olemus	track and field
sport	The TV Pforzheim is a German rugby union club from Pforzheim, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga, having won promotion to the league in 2011.	TV Pforzheim	rugby union
sport	The Oslo Open was a women's professional tennis tournament held in Oslo, Norway.	Oslo Open	tennis
sport	The 2010 State of Origin series was the 29th year that the annual best-of-three series of interstate rugby league football matches between the Queensland and New South Wales representative teams was played entirely under 'state of origin' selection rules.	2010 State of Origin series	rugby league
sport	Florian Rousseau's win in the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, USA, started a golden period for French track cycling that lasted four years.	Florian Rousseau	track cycling
sport	Macleod Football Club is an Australian rules football club in Rosanna, Victoria, currently competing in Division 1 of the Northern Football League.	Macleod Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The Ravensburg Towerstars, also known as EV Ravensburg, are a professional ice hockey team based in Ravensburg, Germany, and one of the oldest clubs in the country.	Ravensburg Towerstars	ice hockey
sport	Romain Millo-Chluski (born 20 April 1983 in Ris-Orangis, Essonne) is a rugby union player for Toulouse in the Top 14 competition.	Romain Millo-Chluski	rugby union
sport	Meelis Kanep (born 27 May 1983) is an Estonian chess grandmaster.	Meelis Kanep	chess
sport	Circuit Ricardo Tormo, also known as Circuit de Valencia and officially named Circuit de la Comunitat Valenciana Ricardo Tormo, is a motorsport race track located in Cheste (Valencia, Spain) and built in 1999.	Circuit Ricardo Tormo	motorsport
sport	Solna Vikings is a Swedish basketball club that has played in the Swedish men's top division, the Swedish Basketball League.	Solna Vikings	basketball
sport	The Basil D'Oliveira Trophy is a trophy played for by England and South Africa in the sport of cricket.	Basil D'Oliveira Trophy	cricket
sport	Johan Anderson (born 29 September 1971 in Västerås, Sweden) is an Australian former tennis player.	Johan Anderson	tennis
sport	Ariel Rittenhouse (born December 9, 1990 in Menlo Park, California) is an American diving athlete.	Ariel Rittenhouse	diving
sport	Marion Bartoli (French: (maʁjɔ̃ baʁtɔli); born 2 October 1984) is a French former professional tennis player.	Marion Bartoli	tennis
sport	Marek Pinc (born March 20, 1979 in Most, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech ice hockey player, playing currently for Yertis Pavlodar of the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship.	Marek Pinc	ice hockey
sport	Frank Rommel (born 30 July 1984 in Suhl) is a German retired skeleton racer who has competed since 2002.	Frank Rommel	skeleton
sport	Henri Rochon (12 March 1924 -- 5 February 2005) was a Canadian National tennis champion and Davis Cup tennis player.	Henri Rochon	tennis
sport	Robert Reichel (born June 25, 1971) is a Czech former professional ice hockey centre and coach.	Robert Reichel	ice hockey
sport	Zauralie Kurgan (Хоккейный клуб ``Зауралье'' Курган) is an ice hockey team in Kurgan, Kurgan Oblast, Russia.	Zauralie Kurgan	ice hockey
sport	Irakli Abuseridze (Georgian: ირაკლი აბუსერიძე, pronounced (irakʼli abusɛrid͡zɛ); born in Tbilisi on November 25, 1977) is a Georgian rugby union footballer.	Irakli Abuseridze	rugby union
sport	Jerranat Nakaviroj (born January 28, 1990) is a Thai taekwondo practitioner who was the bronze medalist at the 2013 World Taekwondo Championships in the men's finweight (under 54 kg) class.	Jerranat Nakaviroj	taekwondo
sport	The Australian Open is a major tennis tournament held annually over the last fortnight of January in Melbourne, Australia.	Australian Open	tennis
sport	Harun Erdenay (born 27 May 1968 in Ankara) (Nickname: ``Pegasus'') is a Turkish former professional basketball player and President of the Turkish Basketball Federation.	Harun Erdenay	basketball
sport	ŽNK Ombla is a Croatian women's association football club based in Dubrovnik.	ŽNK Ombla	association football
sport	Todd Brost (born September 23, 1967) is a former Canadian ice hockey player and head coach.	Todd Brost	ice hockey
sport	Worcester Racecourse is a thoroughbred horse racing venue located in the city of Worcester, Worcestershire, England.	Worcester Racecourse	horse racing
sport	The 2005 Trophée Éric Bompard was a figure skating competition held in Paris, France.	2005 Trophée Éric Bompard	figure skating
sport	Cyril Julian (born 29 March 1974 in Castres, Tarn) was a French men's professional basketball player.	Cyril Julian	basketball
sport	Luís Galego (born in Porto, Portugal, 25 April 1966) is a Portuguese chess grandmaster.	Luís Galego	chess
sport	Theodore R. Hostetter (1870-1902) was an American heir, businessman, polo player and yachtsman during the Gilded Age.	Theodore R. Hostetter	polo
sport	The 2006 Tri Nations Series, an annual rugby union competition between the national teams of Australia, New Zealand and South Africa, marked the tenth anniversary of the original competition.	2006 Tri Nations Series	rugby union
sport	The Guatemala national football team is the association football team representing the country of Guatemala and is controlled by the Federación Nacional de Fútbol de Guatemala.	Guatemala national football team	association football
sport	Robin van Kampen (born November 14, 1994) is a Dutch chess grandmaster and prodigy.	Robin van Kampen	chess
sport	The Huntsville Rockets were a professional American football team based in Huntsville, Alabama, from 1962 through 1966.	Huntsville Rockets	American football
sport	The 2012 Dutch Figure Skating Championships were the Dutch Figure Skating Championships of the 2011-2012 figure skating season.	2012 Dutch Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The FC Gundelfingen is a German association football club from Gundelfingen an der Donau, Bavaria.	FC Gundelfingen	association football
sport	The 1994 Rosmalen Grass Court Championships, also known as Continental Grass Court Championships for sponsorship reasons, was a men's ATP-tennis tournament held in Rosmalen, Netherlands.	1994 Rosmalen Grass Court Championships	tennis
sport	The Antwerp Diamonds are an amateur American football team based in Antwerp.The Diamonds are currently members of the Flemish American Football League (FAFL) conference in the Belgian Football League (BFL).	Antwerp Diamonds	American football
sport	The Confederation of African Football (CAF, /ˈkæf/; French: Confédération Africaine de Football; Arabic: الإتحاد الأفريقي لكرة القدم‎) is the administrative and controlling body for African association football.	Confederation of African Football	association football
sport	Steffon Armitage (born 20 September 1985 in San Fernando, Trinidad) is an English professional rugby union player for RC Toulon in the Top 14.	Steffon Armitage	rugby union
sport	The Sluitingsprijs Oostmalle is a cyclo-cross race held in Oostmalle, Belgium, which is part of the BPost Bank Trophy until 2014.	Sluitingsprijs Oostmalle	cyclo-cross
sport	VTB United League (Russian: Единая Лига ВТБ) is an international professional basketball league that was founded in 2008.	VTB United League	basketball
sport	Engel Stadium is currently leased by the city and county to Tennessee Temple for their baseball team, who have played their home games at Engel since 2000.	Engel Stadium	baseball
sport	Kent Forsberg (born September 12, 1947) is a Swedish ice hockey coach.	Kent Forsberg	ice hockey
sport	The Korisliiga is the top league of professional basketball in Finland, comprising the top 11 teams of the country.	Korisliiga	basketball
sport	Iciss Tillis (born December 6, 1981) is an American professional women's basketball player.	Iciss Tillis	basketball
sport	Martin Wostenholme (born October 11, 1962 in Toronto) is a former touring professional tennis and Canadian Davis Cup player.	Martin Wostenholme	tennis
sport	Austin Spitler (born October 26, 1986) is an American football linebacker that is a free agent.	Austin Spitler	American football
sport	Conor Boffeli (born August 29, 1991) is an American football guard who currently plays for the Cleveland Browns.	Conor Boffeli	American football
sport	Cody Franson (born August 8, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman currently with the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Cody Franson	ice hockey
sport	Lesley Charles (born 15 July 1952, in Worcester, England) is a former British international tennis player.	Lesley Charles	tennis
sport	The Noble Park Football Club is an Australian rules football club that fields teams in both the seniors and juniors of the Eastern Football League.	Noble Park Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Lamar Myles (born January 7, 1986 in Winter Haven, Florida) is a former American football linebacker.	Lamar Myles	American football
sport	Sardis Road is a rugby union stadium situated in Pontypridd, Wales.	Sardis Road	rugby union
sport	Michelle Steele (born 8 March 1986 in Gladstone, Queensland) is an Australian skeleton racer who has competed since 2004.	Michelle Steele	skeleton
sport	Bristol Sonics are a rugby league club based in Bristol in the South West of England.	Bristol Sonics	rugby league
sport	Captain John Pitt Dening (1894 - April 9, 1929) was a soldier and British India champion polo player.	John Pitt Dening	polo
sport	The organization is headquartered in Daytona Beach, Florida, and is best known for running the LPGA Tour, a series of weekly golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world.	LPGA	golf
sport	The 2009 Men's EuroHockey Nations Championship was the 12th edition of the EuroHockey Nations Championship field hockey championship.	2009 Men's EuroHockey Nations Championship	field hockey
sport	Matej Gaber (born 22 July 1991) is a Slovenian professional handball player, currently playing for Montpellier.	Matej Gaber	handball
sport	The Motor City Mechanics were a professional ice hockey team of the United Hockey League.	Motor City Mechanics	ice hockey
sport	Lorne Ward (born 16 February 1977 in South Africa) is a former rugby union prop who played for London Welsh, Harlequins, Bath & Toulon.	Lorne Ward	rugby union
sport	Leicester Tigers (officially Leicester Football Club) is an English rugby union club based in Leicester, England that plays in the Aviva Premiership.	Leicester Tigers	rugby union
sport	Sergei Shipov (born April 17, 1966 in Murom) is a Russian chess grandmaster with a peak FIDE rating of 2662 (No. 23 in the world on the January 1999 list), chess journalist and author.	Sergei Shipov	chess
sport	The 2005 Tri Nations Series, an annual rugby union competition between the national teams of Australia, New Zealand and South Africa, was the tenth in the series.	2005 Tri Nations Series	rugby union
sport	Sylvia Crawley (born September 27, 1972 in Steubenville, Ohio, U.S.) is an American former professional women's basketball forward, licensed minister and motivational speaker.	Sylvia Crawley	basketball
sport	The RSM Classic is a golf tournament on the PGA Tour, played in the autumn in Georgia.	RSM Classic	golf
sport	Ha Jung-eun (born April 26, 1987 in Busan) is a women's doubles and mixed doubles badminton player from South Korea.	Ha Jung-eun	badminton
sport	Maurice Germot (French pronunciation: ​(mɔʁis ʒɛʁmo); 15 November 1882 -- 6 August 1958) was a French tennis player and Olympic champion.	Maurice Germot	tennis
sport	Czech Hockey Games, previously Kajotbet Hockey Games and Česká Pojišťovna Cup, is an annual ice hockey event held in Czech Republic.	Czech Hockey Games	ice hockey
sport	Grand Prix Chantal Biya is a professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Cameroon and sponsored by the Fédération Camerounaise de Cyclisme/Ateba Koungou.	Grand Prix Chantal Biya	road bicycle racing
sport	The ATP Montevideo was a men's tennis tournament played in Montevideo, Uruguay.	ATP Montevideo	tennis
sport	Patrick Cazal (born 1971) is a French team handball player.	Patrick Cazal	handball
sport	Greg Jacina (born May 22, 1982 in Guelph, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Winger currently playing with the Nottingham Panthers in the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).	Greg Jacina	ice hockey
sport	The Telugu Warriors (abbreviated as TW) are a cricket franchise based in the states of Telangana & Andhra Pradesh that plays in the Celebrity Cricket League (CCL).	Telugu Warriors	cricket
sport	Sydney Howard Smith (3 February 1872 -- 27 March 1947) was a British tennis and badminton player.	Sydney Howard Smith	badminton
sport	Tszyu vs. Mitchell II was a boxing fight that took place on November 6, 2004 at the Glendale Arena, in Glendale, Arizona, United States.	Tszyu vs. Mitchell II	boxing
sport	John Henrion (born January 19, 1991) is an American professional ice hockey center playing the end of the 2013-2014 season for Sport in Finland's second highest league Mestis.	John Henrion	ice hockey
sport	The City Academy Bristol Storm are a British basketball team based in Bristol.	Bristol Storm	basketball
sport	Ajeeb was a chess-playing ``automaton'', created by Charles Hooper (a cabinet maker), first presented at the Royal Polytechnical Institute in 1868.	Ajeeb	chess
sport	PNC Field, formerly Lackawanna County Stadium (1989--2006), is a 10,000-seat minor league baseball stadium located in Moosic, Pennsylvania.	PNC Field	baseball
sport	Pallacanestro Olimpia Milano, also known as EA7 Emporio Armani Milano after its title sponsor (alternative names: Pallacanestro Olimpia Milan, EA7 Emporio Armani Milan), is a Lega Basket Italian professional basketball team, based in Milan, Italy.	Pallacanestro Olimpia Milano	basketball
sport	The 2000 OFC Nations Cup Final was an association football match between Australia and New Zealand at Stade Pater in Papeete, Tahiti on 28 June 2000.	2000 OFC Nations Cup Final	association football
sport	The London 10,000 is an annual road running event over 10 km which takes place in late May in London, United Kingdom.	London 10,000	road running
sport	Irving Falú (born June 6, 1983) is a Puerto Rican professional baseball infielder who is a free agent.	Irving Falú	baseball
sport	HV71, often referred to as just HV, is a Swedish professional ice hockey club based in Jönköping, playing in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL; formerly Elitserien), the top tier of Swedish ice hockey.	HV71	ice hockey
sport	Mike McCall, Jr. (born June 16, 1991) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Deportivo Quevedo of the Liga Ecuatoriana de Baloncesto (LEB).	Mike McCall, Jr.	basketball
sport	Alexander Osipenko (Осипенко, Александр Викторович ; born December 29, 1984) is a Russian ice hockey player.	Alexander Osipenko	ice hockey
sport	The 1992 IBF World Junior Championships was an international badminton tournament held in Jakarta, Indonesia.	1992 IBF World Junior Championships	badminton
sport	Hippolyt Kempf (born December 10, 1965 in Lucerne) is a Swiss Nordic combined skier who competed during the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Hippolyt Kempf	Nordic combined
sport	The Hockey Champions Trophy is an international field hockey tournament held by the International Hockey Federation.	Hockey Champions Trophy	field hockey
sport	Sun Beibei (simplified Chinese: 孙蓓蓓; traditional Chinese: 孫蓓蓓; pinyin: Sūn Bèi Bèi; born 28 January 1984 in Shandong, China) is a Singaporean table tennis player.	Sun Beibei	table tennis
sport	The 2000 FAI Cup Final was the deciding match of the 1999-2000 FAI Cup, the national association football cup of Ireland.	2000 FAI Cup Final	association football
sport	The Damiano Defence is a chess opening beginning with the moves: e4 e5 Nf3 f6?	Damiano Defence	chess
sport	The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football franchise located in the Miami metropolitan area.	Miami Dolphins	American football
sport	Robert Ormond, better known as Bert Ormond, is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.	Bert Ormond	association football
sport	Djurgårdens IF Bandy is the bandy department of Swedish sports club Djurgårdens IF, located in Stockholm.	Djurgårdens IF Bandy	bandy
sport	Michael Burtscher (born March 8, 1985), also known as Mike Burtscher, is a Filipino-Swiss professional basketball player who last played for the Kia Carnival in Philippine Basketball Association.	Michael Burtscher	basketball
sport	GPS Rugby Club, colloquially known as Jeeps, is an Australian rugby union club based at Ashgrove in Brisbane that plays in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition.	GPS Rugby	rugby union
sport	Malek Jaziri (Arabic: مالك الجزيري Mālik al-Jazīrī) (born January 20, 1984) is a professional Tunisian tennis player.	Malek Jaziri	tennis
sport	Club Egara is a field hockey club from Terrassa (Catalonia, Spain).	Club Egara	field hockey
sport	Royal Oaks Golf Club is an 18-hole par 72 links style golf club.	Royal Oaks Golf Club	golf
sport	The 1976 UEFA Cup Final were association football matches played over two-legs between Liverpool of England and Club Brugge of Belgium on 28 April 1976 and 19 May 1976 at Anfield, Liverpool and the Olympiastadion, Brugge.	1976 UEFA Cup Final	association football
sport	Paul Kaine Robertson (born 29 October 1980 in Auckland) is a rugby union player from New Zealand who plays rugby union for Viadana, and international rugby for Italy.	Kaine Robertson	rugby union
sport	Ashley Fisher (born 25 September 1975) is a professional tennis player who comes from New South Wales in Australia.	Ashley Fisher	tennis
sport	The 2010 ICC Women's World Twenty20 was an international Twenty20 cricket tournament which was held in the West Indies from 5 May to 16 May 2010.	2010 ICC Women's World Twenty20	cricket
sport	Anton Rudoy (Russian: Антон Владимирович Рудой; born 21 February 1983 in Almaty) is a Kazakhstani rugby union player.	Anton Rudoy	rugby union
sport	The 2012 Aegon Championships (also known traditionally as the Queen's Club Championships) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts.	2012 Aegon Championships	tennis
sport	The 2013 African Handball Champions League was the 35th edition, organized by the African Handball Confederation, under the auspices of the International Handball Federation, the handball sport governing body.	2013 African Handball Champions League	handball
sport	Evald Tipner (13 March 1906 -- 18 July 1947) was Estonian football, ice hockey and bandy player.	Evald Tipner	ice hockey
sport	Martin Laumann Ylven (born December 22, 1988 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey forward.	Martin Laumann Ylven	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 Baseball World Cup was an international baseball tournament held from October 1 to October 15, 2011.	2011 Baseball World Cup	baseball
sport	Dimitrios Mavroeidis (alternate spellings: Dimitris, Mavroidis) (Greek: Δημήτρης Μαυροειδής; born July 4, 1985) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for AEK Athens.	Dimitrios Mavroeidis	basketball
sport	Chang Chien-ming (Chinese: 張建銘; born July 27, 1980) is a Taiwanese baseball player who plays with the EDA Rhinos in the Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Chang Chien-ming	baseball
sport	Grant Golden (born August 21, 1929, in Wilmette, Illinois) was an American amateur tennis player in the 1940s and 1950s.	Grant Golden	tennis
sport	Alberto Corbacho de la Cruz (born October 1, 1984 in Palma, Spain) is a Spanish professional basketball player, who is currently playing with Laboral Kutxa in the Spanish League.	Alberto Corbacho	basketball
sport	Ulf Andersson (born 27 June 1951 in Västerås, Sweden) is a leading Swedish chess player.	Ulf Andersson	chess
sport	Mario Hopenhaym (born March 8, 1926 in Buenos Aires, Argentina; younger brother of Benjamin Rafael Hopenhayn) is a retired Uruguayan basketball referee.	Mario Hopenhaym	basketball
sport	Royal Free, University College and Middlesex Medical Students RFC is the rugby union club for UCL Medical School, which is part of the University of London.	Royal Free, University College and Middlesex Medical Students RFC	rugby union
sport	Ilya Dubkov (born February 17, 1972) is a Russian ice hockey center forward who has spent most of his career playing in Scandinavian leagues, and is currently the Norwegian team Rosenborg IK's captain.	Ilya Dubkov	ice hockey
taxon rank	The silver sharpjaw bonefish (Albula argentea) is a species of marine fish found in the tropical western Pacific Ocean.	Albula argentea	species
voice type	Victor Ivanovich Nikitin,(Russian: Виктор Иванович Никитин), was a Soviet tenor soloist of the Alexandrov Ensemble, born in Syzran 12 February 1911 and died in Moscow 6 January 1994.	Victor Ivanovich Nikitin	tenor
voice type	Ingeborg Danz (born 1961 in Witten) is a German mezzo-soprano and alto concert singer.	Ingeborg Danz	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Gran Wilson is an American operatic lyric tenor.	Gran Wilson	tenor
voice type	Reinald Werrenrath (August 7, 1883 -- September 12, 1953) was an American baritone opera singer, who also recorded popular songs and appeared regularly on radio in the early decades of the twentieth century.	Reinald Werrenrath	baritone
voice type	Jeannine Altmeyer (2 May 1948, Pasadena, California) is an American soprano who had a prolific international opera career during the 1970s through the 1990s.	Jeannine Altmeyer	soprano
voice type	Sarah Fox (born 19 September 1973) is an English operatic soprano who has performed at several of the world's leading opera houses, notably the Royal Opera House Covent Garden.	Sarah Fox	soprano
voice type	Julian Gavin (born 1965) is an Australian-born operatic tenor who has sung leading roles both in the United Kingdom and internationally.	Julian Gavin	tenor
voice type	Irma Reichová (14 March 1859 -- 5 June 1930) was a Czech operatic soprano who had an active career appearing in European opera houses during the latter half of the nineteenth century.	Irma Reichová	soprano
voice type	Ilse Hollweg (23 February 1922 -- 9 February 1990) was a German operatic coloratura soprano.	Ilse Hollweg	soprano
voice type	Gregory Kunde (February 24, 1954, Kankakee, Illinois) is an American operatic tenor particularly associated with the French and Italian repertoires.	Gregory Kunde	tenor
voice type	Esther Réthy (22 October 1912 -- 28 January 2004) was a Hungarian operatic soprano who had a major career in Europe from 1934 through 1968.	Esther Réthy	soprano
voice type	Dame Nellie Melba GBE (19 May 1861 -- 23 February 1931), born Helen Porter Mitchell, was an Australian operatic soprano.	Nellie Melba	soprano
voice type	Margherita Roberti is an American operatic soprano who had an active international career that spanned from 1948 to 1988.	Margherita Roberti	soprano
voice type	Donald Gramm (February 26, 1927 -- June 2, 1983) was an American bass-baritone whose career was divided between opera and concert performances.	Donald Gramm	bass
voice type	Ian Bostridge CBE (born 25 December 1964) is an English tenor, well known for his performances as an opera and lieder singer.	Ian Bostridge	tenor
voice type	Thiago Arancam (born 6 February 1982, São Paulo) is an Italian-Brazilian lirico spinto tenor.	Thiago Arancam	tenor
voice type	Radmila Smiljanić is a Serbian classical soprano who has had an active international career in operas and concerts since 1965.	Radmila Smiljanić	soprano
voice type	Helena Tattermuschová (born June 28, 1933) is a Czech lyric coloratura soprano, known chiefly for her character roles in the operas of Mozart and Janáček.	Helena Tattermuschová	soprano
voice type	Alexander Girardi (pronounced (dʒiˈrardi)) (5 December 1850 -- 20 April 1918) was an Austrian actor and tenor singer in operettas.	Alexander Girardi	tenor
voice type	Louise-Rosalie Lefebvre (18 June 1755 -- 22 September 1821), also known as Madame Dugazon, was a French operatic mezzo-soprano, actress and dancer.	Louise-Rosalie Lefebvre	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Frieda Hempel (26 June 1885 -- 7 October 1955) was a German soprano singer in operatic and concert work who had an international career in Europe and the United States.	Frieda Hempel	soprano
voice type	Stanislav Leontiev (Russian: Станислав Леонтьев) is a Russian operatic tenor who was born in Leningrad.	Stanislav Leontiev	tenor
voice type	Joseph Shore (born 16 April 1948) is a retired American operatic baritone and voice teacher.	Joseph Shore	baritone
voice type	Amalie Materna (born Amalia, later Amalie Friedrich-Materna) (10 July 1844 St. Georgen in der Steiermark - 18 January 1918 Vienna) was an Austrian operatic soprano.	Amalie Materna	soprano
voice type	Emilia Goggi, also known as Emilia Goggi-Marcovaldi, (10 October 1817 -- 29 August 1857) was an Italian operatic mezzo-soprano who sang in the leading opera houses of Italy as well as in Spain.	Emilia Goggi	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Marina Poplavskaya (Russian: Марина Поплавская; born 1977) is a Russian operatic soprano.	Marina Poplavskaya	soprano
voice type	Krassimira Stoyanova (Красимира Стоянова) (born Veliko Tarnovo, 16 August 1962) is a Bulgarian soprano.	Krassimira Stoyanova	soprano
voice type	Quinn Weng (Chinese: 翁碩瑜, born April 20, 1979) is a Taiwanese-Canadian mezzo-soprano singer and is the lead vocalist of the power metal band Seraphim.	Quinn Weng	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Diana Haller (born 11 November 1986) is a Croatian mezzo-soprano and active in opera, oratorio, and recital.	Diana Haller	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Dwayne Croft is an American baritone who has sung in more than 300 performances in 25 roles at the Metropolitan Opera.	Dwayne Croft	baritone
voice type	Barbara Hendricks (born November 20, 1948) is an African-American operatic soprano and concert singer.	Barbara Hendricks	soprano
voice type	Rachel Zeffira is a Canadian soprano, composer, and multi-instrumentalist currently based in London, England.	Rachel Zeffira	soprano
voice type	Ángela Peralta (6 July 1845 -- Mexico City -- 30 August 1883, Mazatlán) (baptised María de los Ángeles Manuela Tranquilina Cirila Efrena Peralta Castera) was an operatic soprano of international fame and a leading figure in the operatic life of 19th-century Mexico.	Ángela Peralta	soprano
voice type	Nelly Miricioiu (born 31 March 1952) is a Romanian-British operatic soprano singing a large repertoire ranging from bel canto to verismo.	Nelly Miricioiu	soprano
voice type	Mario Lanza (born Alfred Arnold Cocozza; January 31, 1921 -- October 7, 1959) was an American tenor, actor and Hollywood film star of the late 1940s and the 1950s.	Mario Lanza	tenor
voice type	Zheng Cao (July 9, 1966 -- February 21, 2013) was a Chinese-born, American operatic mezzo-soprano known for her signature role of Suzuki in Madama Butterfly.	Zheng Cao	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Xiomara Alfaro (born May 11, 1930 in Havana) is a Cuban coloratura soprano.	Xiomara Alfaro	soprano
voice type	Jean-Étienne-Auguste Massol (also known as Eugène Massol) (23 August 1802 - 30 October 1887) was a French operatic tenor and later baritone who sang in the world premieres of many French operas.	Jean-Étienne-Auguste Massol	tenor
voice type	Igor Gorin (October 26, 1904 -- March 24, 1982) was an Austrian baritone and music teacher.	Igor Gorin	baritone
voice type	Hildegard Ranczak (Vítkovice, 20 December 1895 - Vienna, February 1987) was a Bohemian operatic soprano, particularly associated with Richard Strauss roles, and largely based in Germany.	Hildegard Ranczak	soprano
voice type	Michael Pospíšil (born 1962) is a classical bass, specialising in historically informed performance.	Michael Pospíšil	bass
voice type	Joan Morris, (born February 10, 1943) is a mezzo-soprano, Born in Portland, Oregon, she is one half of the famous musical duo of Bolcom and Morris.	Joan Morris	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Della Jones (13 April 1946), is a Welsh mezzo-soprano, particularly well known for her interpretations of works by Handel, Mozart, Rossini, Donizetti, and Britten.	Della Jones	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Tony Poncet (December 23, 1918 - November 13, 1979) was a Spanish-born, French-raised opera tenor.	Tony Poncet	tenor
voice type	Flora Woodman was a Scottish soprano singer popular for her London concert performances in the first decades of the twentieth century.	Flora Woodman	soprano
voice type	Judith Beckmann (born May 10, 1935 in Jamestown, North Dakota) is an American-German soprano.	Judith Beckmann	soprano
voice type	Mario Del Monaco (27 July 1915 -- 16 October 1982) was an Italian operatic tenor who earned worldwide acclaim for his powerful voice.	Mario Del Monaco	tenor
voice type	Peter Mattei (born 3 June 1965) is a Swedish operatic baritone, particularly known for his performances in Mozart's baritone roles.	Peter Mattei	baritone
voice type	Ana James is a soprano born in Dunedin, New Zealand.	Ana James	soprano
voice type	Marcel Claudel (Courcelles, Hainaut) was a Belgian operatic tenor.	Marcel Claudel	tenor
voice type	Shirley Verrett (May 31, 1931 -- November 5, 2010) was an African-American operatic mezzo-soprano who successfully transitioned into soprano roles, i.e. soprano sfogato.	Shirley Verrett	mezzo-soprano	soprano
voice type	Harry van der Kamp (born 1947 in Kampen) is a Dutch bass singer in opera and concert.	Harry van der Kamp	bass
voice type	Karin Ott (born December 13, 1945) is a Swiss operatic coloratura soprano.	Karin Ott	soprano
voice type	Ruby Helder (March 3, 1890 -- 1938) was a British opera singer known for her powerful contralto voice.	Ruby Helder	contralto
voice type	Helge Rosvaenge (Roswaenge, Rosvænge), Helge Anton Rosenvinge Hansen, (August 29, 1897 -- June 17, 1972) was a famous Danish operatic tenor whose career was centred on Germany and Austria, before, during and after World War II. Rosvaenge was born in Copenhagen.	Helge Rosvaenge	tenor
voice type	Jane Manning OBE (born 20 September 1938) is an English concert and opera soprano, writer on music, and Visiting Professor at the Royal College of Music.	Jane Manning	soprano
voice type	Charles Hardouin (born Brittany, fl. Paris 1694-1718) was a French operatic baritone (basse taille).	Charles Hardouin	baritone
voice type	Blanche Marchesi (4 April 1863 -- 15 December 1940) was a French mezzo-soprano and voice teacher best known for her interpretations of the works of Richard Wagner.	Blanche Marchesi	soprano
voice type	Keren Hadar is a crossover soprano from Israel.	Keren Hadar	soprano
voice type	Jochen Kupfer (born 1969 in Grimma) is a German operatic baritone.	Jochen Kupfer	baritone
