Flour Babies is a day school novel for young adults , written by Anne Fine and published by Hamilton 1992 .
In Another Light is the fifth novel by Scottish writer Andrew Greig .
The Sixth Day and Other Tales , written by Primo Levi , is a collection of short stories , originally published in Storie naturali and Vizio di forma .
John Dies at the End is a comic horror novel written by David Wong that was first published online as a webserial beginning in 2001 , then as an edited manuscript in 2004 , and a printed paperback in 2007 , published by Permuted Press .
Screwtop Thompson , Booker Prize - shortlisted author Magnus Mills ' third collection of short stories , brings together ten short tales that `` trundle gently between the ordinary , absurd and the outright surreal . ''
One Morning in Maine is a picture book by Robert McCloskey set in Brooksville , Maine .
The Mistress of the Inn ( Italian : La locandiera ) , also translated as The Innkeeper Woman or Mirandolina ( after the play 's main character ) , is a 1753 three - act comedy by the Italian playwright Carlo Goldoni about a coquette .
Ashen Victor , known in Japan as Haisha ( 灰者 ) , is a futuristic manga by Yukito Kishiro , taking place in the same universe as his Battle Angel Alita series , specifically in the Scrapyard .
Spindle 's End is a retelling of Sleeping Beauty by author Robin McKinley , published in 2000 .
Absolute Friends is an espionage novel by John le Carré published in December 2003 .
A Dictionary of Modern English Usage ( 1926 ) , by Henry Watson Fowler ( 1858 - -1933 ) , is a style guide to British English usage , pronunciation , and writing .
The Black Gryphon is the first novel in the chronological timeline of the Valdemar Saga by author Mercedes Lackey , although not published until 1994 .
Franny and Zooey is a book by American author J. D. Salinger which comprises his short story `` Franny '' and novella Zooey /ˈzoʊ.iː/.
The Khaki Mafia is a novel about the Vietnam War by Robin Moore and June Collins , published by Crown in 1971 .
Evangelii gaudium ( English : The Joy of the Gospel ) is a 2013 apostolic exhortation by Pope Francis on `` the church 's primary mission of evangelization in the modern world . ''
Maus is a graphic novel by American cartoonist Art Spiegelman , serialized from 1980 to 1991 .
Very Hard Choices is a science - fiction / suspense - mystery novel from Canadian science fiction author Spider Robinson , released in June 2008 .
On War Against the Turk ( German : Vom Kriege wider die Türken ) was a book written by Martin Luther in 1528 and published in 1529 .
Midnight Lamp , first published in 2003 , is the third of a series of five books written by Gwyneth Jones and set in a near - future version of the United Kingdom .
Industrial Democracy ( 1st edn 1897 ; 9th edn 1926 ) is a book written by British socialist reformers Sidney Webb and Beatrice Webb , concerning the organisation of trade unions and collective bargaining .
The Girl from Nongrim Hills is a 2013 fiction novel by Indian author Ankush Saikia .
Samurai Executioner , known in Japan as Kubikiri Asa ( 首斬り朝 ) , is a 10-volume manga created by writer Kazuo Koike and artist Goseki Kojima , the same team that created the popular Lone Wolf and Cub series .
A Planet Called Utopia is a science fiction novel written by J. T. McIntosh and first published in August , 1979 in New York by Zebra Books .
The Road to Gandolfo is a story by Michael Shepherd ( a pen name used by Robert Ludlum ) about General MacKenzie Hawkins ( `` The Hawk '' ) , a military legend and Army veteran .
`` The God Stealer '' is a short story by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José .
Tales of Magic and Mystery is a 1985 anthology of 11 fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning - Sanders .
`` The Man Who Would Be King '' ( 1888 ) is a novella by Rudyard Kipling .
Blood & Water was a 2003 five - issue horror comic book limited series written by Judd Winick and illustrated by Tomm Coker , with covers by Brian Bolland .
Servant of Two Masters ( Italian : Il servitore di due padroni ) is a comedy by the Italian playwright Carlo Goldoni written in 1746 .
`` Quench the Spark '' ( also translated as `` A Spark Neglected Burns the House '' ) is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1885 .
The Book on Adler ( subtitle : The Religious Confusion of the Present Age , Illustrated by Magister Adler as a Phenomenon , A Mimical Monograph ) is a work by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard , written during his second authorship , and was published posthumously in 1872 .
The Torment of Others is a crime novel by Scottish author Val McDermid , and is the fourth entry in her popular Carol Jordan and Dr. Tony Hill series , which has been successfully adapted into the television series Wire in the Blood .
Neptune 's Brood is a science fiction novel by British author Charles Stross , set in the same universe as Saturn 's Children , but thousands of years later and with all new characters .
Unfinished Tales ( full title Unfinished Tales of Númenor and Middle - earth ) is a collection of stories and essays by J. R. R. Tolkien that were never completed during his lifetime , but were edited by his son Christopher Tolkien and published in 1980 .
Eisenvogel is a Swiss book published by the Swiss - Tibetan writer , filmdirector ( Who Killed Johnny ) and actress Yangzom Brauen .
`` The Tercentenary Incident '' is a science - fiction / mystery short story by Isaac Asimov .
Wolf Hunting is a novel in the Firekeeper Saga series by Jane Lindskold .
The Estoria de España , also known in the 1906 edition of Ramón Menéndez Pidal as the Primera Crónica General , is a history book written on the initiative of Alfonso X of Castile `` El Sabio '' ( `` the Wise '' ) , who was actively involved in the editing .
Social Statics , or The Conditions essential to Happiness specified , and the First of them Developed is an 1851 book by the British polymath Herbert Spencer .
Robert Helmont ( 1874 ; English : Robert Helmont , The Diary of a Recluse , 1870 - 1871 ( 1892 ) ) is a novella by French author Alphonse Daudet .
Bunduki is a 1975 novel by J. T. Edson , and the first work in the Bunduki series that followed .
The Pixilated Peeress is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp .
The Mummies of Guanajuato is a 1978 book which reprints Ray Bradbury 's novelette , `` The Next in Line '' , illustrated with photographs , by Archie Lieberman , of the actual mummies discovered in Guanajuato which inspired the story .
`` Lt . Gov. You 've Got ta Love '' ( also called `` David Dewhurst : Lt . Gov. You 've Got ta Love '' ) was a political advertisement issued by incumbent David Dewhurst 's campaign on YouTube during the 2014 primary runoff for Lieutenant Governor of Texas against Dan Patrick .
The Ghost and the Goth is a 2010 paranormal romance young adult novel written by Stacey Kade and published by Hyperion Books .
The White Company is a historical adventure by Arthur Conan Doyle set during the Hundred Years ' War .
`` I Am the Doorway '' is a short story by Stephen King , first published in the March 1971 issue of Cavalier magazine , and later collected in King 's 1978 collection Night Shift .
Rebel Angels is the second book in a fantasy trilogy by Libba Bray .
Le parti pris des choses is a collection of 32 short to medium - length prose poems by French poet and essayist Francis Ponge first published in 1942 ( see 1942 in poetry ) .
Running from the Deity ( 2005 ) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster .
Time and Mr. Bass is a 1967 children 's science fiction novel by Canadian author Eleanor Cameron .
The Fox on the Fairway is a comedy by Ken Ludwig that premiered at the Signature Theatre , Arlington , Virginia , in 2010 .
Shrink Yourself ( 2007 ) is a book on emotional eating by Roger Gould .
The Rape of the A*P*E * is a book by Allan Sherman , published in September 1973 by the Putnam Publishing Group , regarding sex and its historical repression and resurgence in the United States .
The Bottle Imp is an 1891 short story by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson usually found in the short story collection Island Nights ' Entertainments .
The Adventures and Misadventures of Maqroll ( orig . Spanish es : Empresas y Tribulaciones de Maqroll el Gaviero ) is a compilation of novellas by Colombian author Álvaro Mutis .
A Clubbable Woman is a crime novel by Reginald Hill , the first novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series .
Observations on Man , his Frame , his Duty , and his Expectations is 18th - century British philosopher David Hartley 's major work .
A Nursery Tale ( Russian : Сказка , Skazka ) is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov first published in the expatriate Russian newspaper Rul ' on 27 and 29 June 1926 and in the book form in The Return of Chorb in 1930 .
Min Fynske Barndom , translated into English as My Childhood , is Carl Nielsen 's autobiographical account of his childhood on the Danish island of Funen .
Black Star Rising , published in 1986 , is a science fiction novel by American author Frederik Pohl .
Satiromastix , or The Untrussing of the Humorous Poet is a late Elizabethan stage play by Thomas Dekker , one of the plays involved in the Poetomachia or War of the Theatres .
Theory and Practice of Muslim State in India is a book by historian K. S. Lal published by Aditya Prakashan in 1999 .
The Atrocity Exhibition is an experimental collection of `` condensed novels '' by British writer J. G. Ballard .
Owing to Bill Watterson 's principled refusal to license his comic strip for merchandise in general , Teaching with Calvin and Hobbes is an exceptional item ; a license was granted to the authors after they personally communicated to Watterson the success they had using his comic strip to teach children with learning disabilities .
Spanking Shakespeare ( 2007 ) is the debut novel by Jake Wizner .
July 's People is a 1981 novel by the South African writer Nadine Gordimer .
The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon is a 1991 novel by American author Tom Spanbauer set at the beginning of the 20th century .
War of the Rats is a World War II fiction novel written by David L. Robbins in 1999 .
Pyrrhus and Cineas ( Original title : Pyrrhus et Cinéas ) is Simone de Beauvoir 's first philosophical essay .
When Colts Ran is a 2010 novel by Australian novelist Roger McDonald .
Step on a Crack is the first novel in the Michael Bennett series by James Patterson and Michael Ledwidge featuring Detective Michael Bennett and his 10 kids .
Tomorrow Stories was an American comic book series created by Alan Moore for his America 's Best Comics ( ABC ) line , published by Wildstorm ( now a subsidiary of DC Comics ) .
Mary Queen of Scots Got Her Head Chopped Off is a 1987 play by Liz Lochhead .
Elegiasta oodiin is a 1921 a collection of poems by Finnish poet Aaro Hellaakoski .
A ribbon of poems ( Dutch : Een lent van vaerzen ) was the literary debut of Dutch writer Louis Couperus .
The Oakdale Affair and The Rider is a collection of two short novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
On the Heavens ( Greek : Περὶ οὐρανοῦ , Latin : De Caelo or De Caelo et Mundo ) is Aristotle 's chief cosmological treatise : written in 350 BC it contains his astronomical theory and his ideas on the concrete workings of the terrestrial world .
Secrets at Sea is a 2011 children 's novel written by Newbery medalist Richard Peck and illustrated by award - winning artist Kelly Murphy .
The Way We Live Now is a satirical novel by Anthony Trollope , published in London in 1875 after first appearing in serialised form .
The Royal Writ of the Foundation of the City of Tlaxcala , Mexico ( in Spanish : Real cédula de la fundación de la ciudad de Tlaxcala , México ) is the historical document issued by decree of Charles V on April 22 , 1535 , in Madrid , Spain , bestowing Tlaxcala the title of city .
Dark Star Safari ( 2002 ) is a written account of a trip taken by author Paul Theroux ' overland from Cairo to Cape Town ' via trains , buses , cars , and armed convoy .
Mota Coqueiro , ou A Pena de Morte ( in English : Mota Coqueiro , or The Capital Punishment ) is a 1877 novel by Brazilian journalist and writer José do Patrocínio .
Spadework is a novel by Canadian writer Timothy Findley set in the theater world of Stratford , Ontario .
As part of Marvel NOW ! , a new volume of Uncanny X - Men was launched in February 2013 with an April 2013 cover date , written by Brian Michael Bendis , who is also writing another X - Men title , All - New X - Men , and drawn by Chris Bachalo .
The Tumbled House is a suspense novel written by Winston Graham , who is most famous for the Poldark series of historical novels .
Myra Breckinridge is a 1968 satirical novel by Gore Vidal written in the form of a diary .
The One O'Clock Chop is a young adult novel by written by Ralph Fletcher , first published in 2007 .
Sisterhood Everlasting is the fifth and last novel in Ann Brashares 's `` Sisterhood '' series .
Sailing Alone Around the World ( 1900 ) is a sailing memoir by Joshua Slocum about his single - handed global circumnavigation aboard the sloop Spray .
The Folk of the Fringe ( 1989 ) is a collection of post - apocalyptic stories by American writer Orson Scott Card .
A Turn in the South is a travelogue of the American South written by Nobel Prize - winning writer V. S. Naipaul .
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a children 's picture book designed , illustrated and written by Eric Carle , first published by the World Publishing Company in 1969 , later published by Penguin Putnam .
Concept of the Corporation ( 1946 ) is a book by management professor and sociologist Peter Drucker .
`` Cock - A - Doodle - Doo ! or , The Crowing of the Nobel Cock Beneventano '' is an 1853 short story by the American writer Herman Melville .
Heimat ist das , was gesprochen wird ( `` Home Is What Is Spoken There '' ) is a book by Nobel Prize - winning author Herta Müller .
Celebrations , Rituals of Peace and Prayer is a collection of poetry by African - American writer and poet Maya Angelou , published by Random House in 2006 .
The Naked Face is the first novel ( 1970 ) written by Sidney Sheldon .
Rex Libris is a science fiction / humor comic book series written and illustrated by James Turner .
Kiss the Dead is a 2012 New York Times bestselling erotic thriller by novelist Laurell K. Hamilton .
Does n't Anyone Blush Anymore ? is a book on love and intimacy by Rabbi Manis Friedman , a Chabad Hasidic author and lecturer .
The Magehound is a fantasy novel by Elaine Cunningham , set in the world of the Forgotten Realms , and based on the Dungeons & Dragons role - playing game .
The 12.30 from Croydon ( U.S. title : Wilful and Premeditated ) is a detective novel by Freeman Wills Crofts first published in 1934 .
The History of The Hobbit is a two - volume study of J. R. R. Tolkien 's The Hobbit .
Holy Deadlock is a 1934 satirical novel by the English author A. P. Herbert , which aimed to highlight the perceived inadequacies and absurdities of contemporary divorce law .
Woyzeck ( German pronunciation : ( ˈvɔʏtsɛk ) ) is a stage play written by Georg Büchner .
Merchants of Doubt is a 2010 non - fiction book by American historians of science Naomi Oreskes and Erik M. Conway .
Johannes Cabal the Necromancer is a 2009 supernatural fiction and black comedy novel written by Jonathan L. Howard .
The Runaway Summer of Davie Shaw is a book by Mario Puzo , first published in 1966 .
Chinese Destinies ( 1933 ) is a collection of essays about China and Chinese lives by Agnes Smedley , a left - wing journalist .
`` How Watson Learned the Trick '' is a Sherlock Holmes parody written by Arthur Conan Doyle in 1922 .
Up from Jericho Tel is a children 's novel written and illustrated by E. L. Konigsburg , published by Atheneum Books in 1986 .
Wings of Hell is a science fiction novel by David Sherman and Dan Cragg ; it was released on December 30 , 2008 .
The Fantasy / Science Fiction novel No Present Like Time ( 2005 ) by Steph Swainston is the sequel to the critically acclaimed The Year of Our War ( 2004 ) .
Mannorð ( ' Reputation ' or , in the author 's translation , ' Repute ' or ' Ill repute ' ) is a novel by Bjarni Bjarnason , published by Uppheimar in 2011 .
The Darkangel Trilogy is a series of high fantasy novels by American author Meredith Ann Pierce published between 1982 and 1990 .
Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl is an autobiography by a young mother and fugitive slave published in 1861 by L. Maria Child , who edited the book for its author , Harriet Ann Jacobs .
Babouk is a political - themed novel by Guy Endore , a fictionalized account of the Haitian Revolution told through the eyes of its titular slave .
La cuisine pour tous , Je sais cuisiner , The French Pocket Cookbook , or I Know How to Cook is a French cookbook edited by Ginette Mathiot and H. Delage .
Marie Tudor is an 1833 play by the French writer Victor Hugo .
Tales from the Political Trenches is a 2012 Australian political memoir by journalist and former Australian Labor Party politician Maxine McKew .
Angel of Ruin ( also known as Fallen Angel ) is a 2001 horror novel by Kim Wilkins .
The Perl Cookbook is written by Tom Christiansen and Nathan Torkington , and published by O'Reilly .
Lady Midnight is a young adult contemporary novel by Cassandra Clare .
The Gashlycrumb Tinies : or , After the Outing is an abecedarian book written by Edward Gorey that was first published in 1963 .
A Personal Matter ( Japanese : 個人的な体験 ; Kojinteki na taiken ) is a novel by Japanese writer Kenzaburō Ōe .
Contingency , Irony , and Solidarity ( 1989 ) , is a book by American philosopher Richard Rorty , based on two sets of lectures he gave at University College , London , and at Trinity College , Cambridge .
Poèmes saturniens is the first collection of poetry by Paul Verlaine , first published in 1866 .
Keeper of Dreams ( 2008 ) is a short story collection by Orson Scott Card .
Afternoon Men is the first published novel by the English writer Anthony Powell .
Red Inferno : 1945 is a 2010 novel written by Robert Conroy , the author of other alternate history novels .
The Lettres provinciales ( Provincial letters ) are a series of eighteen letters written by French philosopher and theologian Blaise Pascal under the pseudonym Louis de Montalte .
Mother of Kings is a historical novel by Poul Anderson .
The Fig Leaves Are Falling is a musical with a book and lyrics by Allan Sherman and music by Albert Hague .
The School for Husbands is a play written by Molière and originally performed in 1661 in Paris .
Calendar of Regrets is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen , published by Fiction Collective Two in 2010 .
The Secret of the Nagas is the second novel of the Shiva trilogy series by the Indian author Amish Tripathi .
The World that was Ours ( 1967 ) is Hilda Bernstein 's personal account of life in Johannesburg under the oppressive surveillance of the apartheid regime .
If I Had One Wish is a young adult novel by Jackie French Koller , about a teenager named Alex Lansing , whose little brother Stevie is always getting him in trouble .
The American Crisis is a pamphlet series by 18th century Enlightenment philosopher and author Thomas Paine , originally published from 1776 to 1783 during the American Revolution .
The Young Lions ( 1948 ) is a novel by Irwin Shaw about three soldiers in World War II .
Always Outnumbered , Always Outgunned is a 1997 crime novel by Walter Mosley .
De Natura Fossilium is a scientific text written by Georg Bauer also known as Georgius Agricola , first published in 1546 .
The Lure of the Mask is a 1908 novel by Harold MacGrath that was the fourth - best selling book in the United States for that year .
The IHOP Papers is the debut novel of American author Ali Liebegott , and was first published on December 13 , 2006 by Carroll & Graf .
The Roadmender is a 1902 Christian spiritual book by Margaret Barber , writing under the pseudonym Michael Fairless .
Written in Bone is a novel written by the British crime fiction writer Simon Beckett , first published in 2007 .
Devil 's Cub is a Georgian romance novel written by Georgette Heyer .
Clotel ; or , The President 's Daughter is an 1853 novel by United States author and playwright William Wells Brown about Clotel and her sister , fictional slave daughters of Thomas Jefferson .
New Finnish Grammar ( Italian : Nuova grammatica finlandese ) is a 2000 novel by the Italian writer Diego Marani .
The British Edda is a 1930 English , Sumerian and Egyptian linguistics and mythology book written by Laurence Waddell about the adventures of El , Wodan and Loki forming an Eden Triad in the Garden of Eden .
`` The Young Folks '' was J. D. Salinger 's first published story , published in Whit Burnett 's Story magazine in the March--
The Removers is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1961 .
Sister Carrie ( 1900 ) is a novel by Theodore Dreiser about a young country girl who moves to the big city where she starts realizing her own American Dream , first as a mistress to men that she perceives as superior , and later becoming a famous actress .
Romancero Gitano ( translated as Gypsy Ballads ) is a poetry collection by Spanish writer Federico García Lorca , published in 1928 .
The Oakdale Affair is a short contemporary mystery novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Dungeonscape was released in February 2007 , and was written by Jason Bulmahn and Rich Burlew .
Empty World ( 1977 ) is a apocalyptic fiction novel written by John Christopher aimed at an adolescent audience .
Último round ( the title translates as Last Round , as in boxing ) is a two - volume work by Julio Cortázar published by Siglo XXI Editores in 1969 .
With Shuddering Fall is the first novel by American author Joyce Carol Oates .
Diana of the Crossways is a novel by George Meredith which was published in 1885 .
`` In Flanders Fields '' is a war poem in the form of a rondeau , written during the First World War by Canadian physician Lieutenant - Colonel John McCrae .
Quest for Lost Heroes , published in 1990 , is a novel by British fantasy writer David Gemmell .
Théodore Poussin is a comic book series created by French writer Frank Le Gall about a glasses - wearing hero - it was first published in 1984 , in Spirou magazine .
Do n't You Dare Read This , Mrs. Dunphrey is a 1996 young adult novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix .
Jason and Marceline is a 1986 young adult novel by Jerry Spinelli .
Flatterland is a 2001 book by mathematician and science popularizer Ian Stewart about non - Euclidean geometry .
The Five Greatest Warriors is the third thriller novel in the Jack West Jr. series , by the Australian writer Matthew Reilly .
The Complete Opera Book is a guide to operas by American music critic and author Gustav Kobbé first published ( posthumously ) in the United States in 1919 and the United Kingdom in 1922 .
Rights of Man ( 1791 ) , a book by Thomas Paine , including 31 articles , posits that popular political revolution is permissible when a government does not safeguard the natural rights of its people .
The Iron Druid Chronicles is a series of urban fantasy novels , written by Kevin Hearne and published by Del Rey Books .
The Legend of Sun Knight ( simplified Chinese : 吾命骑士 ; traditional Chinese : 吾命騎士 ; Pinyin : wú mìng qíshì ) is a Taiwanese light novel series written by Yu Wo .
The Boy Detective Fails is the fourth novel by Chicago author Joe Meno , released by Punk Planet Books in 2006 .
Meaning and Purpose , written by Kenneth Walker ( author ) , was first published in September 1944 by Jonathan Cape , London , and republished by Pelican books in 1950 .
Lives of the Monster Dogs ( 1997 ) is a novel by Kirsten Bakis first published by Farrar , Straus & Giroux .
Bring the Jubilee by Ward Moore is a 1953 novel of alternate history .
The Infernal is a 1997 horror / fantasy novel by Kim Wilkins .
`` A Season in Hell '' ( French : Une Saison en Enfer ) is an extended poem in prose written and published in 1873 by French writer Arthur Rimbaud .
Abeng ( Ä běng ) is a novel related to Maroons published in 1984 by Michelle Cliff .
The Genocidal Healer is a 1992 science fiction novel by author James White and is part of his Sector General series .
Sons of Cain is a 1985 play by David Williamson about three female investigative reporters .
`` Dragon and Phoenix '' is the second of the Dragonlord series by Joanne Bertin and was published in 1999 .
The View from the Seventh Layer is a collection of thirteen short stories by American author Kevin Brockmeier .
Robot Dreams ( 1986 ) is a collection of science fiction short stories by Isaac Asimov , illustrated by Ralph McQuarrie .
Dragon and Soldier is a 2004 science fiction novel by Timothy Zahn and the second book in his Dragonback series .
Ham on Rye is a 1982 semi - autobiographical novel by American author and poet Charles Bukowski .
The Forever War ( 1974 ) is a military science fiction novel by American author Joe Haldeman , telling the contemplative story of soldiers fighting an interstellar war between Man and the Taurans .
Poussy is a Belgian comic strip created in 1949 by Peyo .
The Reluctant Tommy is a book written by Ronald Skirth who was a member of the Royal Garrison Artillery during the First World War .
The Global 2000 Report to the President was commissioned by President Jimmy Carter on May 23 , 1977 .
The New Soldier was published as both a hard and soft cover book in October , 1971 , by Vietnam Veterans Against the War .
Movements in European History was a school textbook , originally published by Oxford University Press , by the English author D. H. Lawrence .
The Sporting Club is the 1968 debut novel of author Thomas McGuane .
Waiting for the Mahatma is a 1955 novel by R. K. Narayan .
A Suitable Boy is a novel by Vikram Seth , published in 1993 .
Excellent Cadavers is a 1995 non - fiction book by American author Alexander Stille about the Sicilian Mafia , concentrating on magistrate Giovanni Falcone 's fight against the Mafia and his 1992 assassination .
Children of the Atom is a 1953 science fiction novel by Wilmar H. Shiras , which has been listed as one of `` The Most Significant SF & Fantasy Books of the Last 50 Years , 1953 - 2002 . ''
The Hungry Man ( ISBN 974 - 345 - 211 - 7 ) is a book written and illustrated by Oren Ginzburg in 2004 .
The Battle of the Books is the name of a short satire written by Jonathan Swift and published as part of the prolegomena to his A Tale of a Tub in 1704 .
Ensign O'Toole and Me is the title of a 1957 semi - autobiographical novel by William Lederer .
Honour Among Thieves ( 1993 ) is a novel by English author Jeffrey Archer .
The Law of Success is a 1925 book -- actually in the form of a set of 15 separate booklets -- by Napoleon Hill .
The Secret of Platform 13 is a children 's novel by Eva Ibbotson , and illustrated by Sue Porter , first published in 1994 .
The Bitter Price of Love , published in 1995 , is one of the `` Single '' novels written by Amanda Browning and published by Harlequin Mills & Boon .
`` The Red - Headed League '' is one of the 56 Sherlock Holmes short stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
Return of the Bunny Suicides ( 2004 ) is the second bestselling book of black comedy cartoons by Andy Riley that depict the various ways bunnies attempt to kill themselves .
The Second Mrs. Giaconda , later The Second Mrs. Gioconda , is a historical novel for children by E. L. Konigsburg .
World of Trouble is a 2014 American soft science fiction mystery novel by Ben H. Winters and published by Quirk Books .
`` The Brave Little Tailor '' or `` The Valiant Little Tailor '' or `` The Gallant Tailor '' is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm , tale number 20 .
Salmonella Men on Planet Porno ( 2006 ) is a collection of short stories by Japanese science fiction and metafiction writer Yasutaka Tsutsui , in English translation by Andrew Driver .
Crampton Hodnet is a comic novel by Barbara Pym , published posthumously in 1985 .
Alfred and Emily is a book by Doris Lessing in a new hybrid form .
Japan 's Imperial Conspiracy is a nonfiction historical work by David Bergamini .
`` Sorry , Right Number '' is a teleplay written by author Stephen King for an episode of the horror anthology series Tales from the Darkside .
The Doings of Raffles Haw ( 1891 ) is a novel by Scottish author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
The Country of the Blind and Other Stories is a collection of thirty - three fantasy and science fiction short stories written by the English author H. G. Wells between 1894 and 1909 .
Sonnet 152 is a sonnet by William Shakespeare .
Feluda ( Bengali : ফেলুদা ) , or Prodosh Chandra Mitra , ( Bengali : প্রদোষ চন্দ্র মিত্র ) , who also uses the Anglicised name Pradosh C. Mitter , is a fictional private investigator starring in a series of Bengali novels and short stories written by Indian Bengali film director and writer Satyajit Ray .
Your Eyelids Are Growing Heavy is the fourth crime novel by the American writer Barbara Paul .
The Marrow of Tradition ( 1901 ) is a historical novel by the African - American author Charles Chesnutt , set at the time and portraying a fictional account of the Wilmington Insurrection of 1898 in Wilmington , North Carolina .
I Am Spock is the second volume of actor and director Leonard Nimoy 's autobiography .
The Rogue Mage series of fantasy novels were written by Faith Hunter about races of beings inhabiting a post - apocalyptic Earth of the not - too distant future .
The Day of the Locust is a 1939 novel by American author Nathanael West , set in Hollywood , California .
The War of the Worlds is a science fiction novel by English author H. G. Wells first serialized in 1897 in the UK by Pearson 's Magazine and in the US by Cosmopolitan magazine .
The First Philippic was delivered by the Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes between 351 BC-350 BC . It constitutes the first speech of the prominent politician against Philip II of Macedon .
The Twilight of the Grey Gods , also known as The Grey God Passes , is a short story by Robert E. Howard that blends history and fantasy .
Lament for a Nation is a 1965 essay of political philosophy by Canadian philosopher George Grant .
The Legend of Thyl Ulenspiegel and Lamme Goedzak ( French : La Légende et les Aventures héroïques , joyeuses et glorieuses d'Ulenspiegel et de Lamme Goedzak au pays de Flandres et ailleurs ) is a 1867 novel by Belgian author Charles De Coster .
Henry and Ribsy is the third book in the Henry Huggins series of humorous children 's novels written by Beverly Cleary .
Darkness , Tell Us is a 1991 horror novel by Richard Laymon .
The Dying of the Light is a 1993 crime novel by Michael Dibdin set in a nursing home .
The Memory Keeper 's Daughter is a novel by American author Kim Edwards that tells the story of a man who gives away his newborn daughter , who has Down syndrome , to one of the nurses .
The Rosales Saga , also known as the Rosales Novels , is a series of five historical and political novels written by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José .
Cavalier , passe ton chemin ! ( `` horseman , pass by ! '' ) is a 2005 book by the French writer Michel Déon .
Ascending is a science fiction novel by the Canadian writer James Alan Gardner , published in 2001 by HarperCollins Publishers under its various imprints .
The Slow Natives ( 1965 ) is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Thea Astley , the first of her record number of four wins .
Introduction to the Devout Life ( French : Introduction à la vie dévote ) is a book written by St. Francis de Sales , the first edition being published in 1609 .
Universi Dominici gregis is an Apostolic Constitution of the Catholic Church issued by Pope John Paul II on February 22 , 1996 .
The Gospel of Buddha was an 1894 book by Paul Carus .
Folk Stories from Southern Nigeria is a book by Elphinstone Dayrell , introduction by Andrew Lang , published in 1910 .
Point & Click Linux ! ( ISBN 978 - 0131488724 ) is a 2004 book / video combination from NewsForge and Slashdot editor Robin `` Roblimo '' Miller and published by Addison - Wesley .
This Is How You Lose Her is the second collection of short stories by Junot Díaz .
Futility , or the Wreck of the Titan is an 1898 novella written by Morgan Robertson .
The Happy Lion ( ISBN 0 - 375 - 82759 - 5 ) is a 1954 children 's picture book by Louise Fatio and illustrated by Roger Duvoisin .
Two Planets ( German : Auf zwei Planeten , lit . On Two Planets , 1897 ) is an influential science fiction novel postulating intelligent life on Mars by Kurd Lasswitz .
Zeluco is a 1789 novel by Scottish author John Moore that centers on the vicious deeds of the eponymous anti - hero , the evil Italian nobleman Zeluco .
Saucer Country is a discontinued UFO mythology comic book series written by Paul Cornell and drawn by Ryan Kelly , published by Vertigo in 2012 and 2013 .
Wir Juden ( We Jews ) is a 1934 book by German rabbi Joachim Prinz that concerns Hitler 's rise to power as a demonstration of the defeat of liberalism and assimilation as a solution for the Jewish Question , and advocated a Zionist alternative to save German Jews .
Fragrant Harbour ( 2002 ) is a novel by author John Lanchester .
Cligès is a poem by the medieval French poet Chrétien de Troyes , dating from around 1176 .
Three Hundred Years Hence is a utopian science fiction novel by author Mary Griffith .
The Merlin Conspiracy is a children 's fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones , published by HarperCollins in April 2003 , simultaneously in Britain and America .
The Amelia Peabody series is a series of nineteen historical mystery novels and one non - fiction companion volume written by Egyptologist Barbara Mertz ( 1927 - 2013 ) under the pen name Elizabeth Peters .
Prisoner 489 is a horror novella written by American author Joe R. Lansdale .
The Cloister and the Hearth ( 1861 ) is an historical novel by the English author Charles Reade .
Brooklyn August is a poem by Stephen King that first appeared in 1971 in Io magazine and was later collected in King 's Nightmares & Dreamscapes in 1993 .
Bookless in Baghdad is a 2005 book by author Shashi Tharoor that consists of a collection of previously published articles , book reviews and columns on writers , books and literary musings .
`` Le Bateau ivre '' ( `` The Drunken Boat '' ) is a 100-line verse - poem written in 1871 by Arthur Rimbaud .
The Earth After Us is a 2008 non - fiction book by Jan Zalasiewicz about the geological legacy that humans might one day leave behind them .
The Africa House is a 1999 biography by British journalist and writer Christina Lamb .
En rade ( English : Becalmed , A Haven or Stranded ) is a novel by the French writer Joris - Karl Huysmans .
The Hood 's Army Trilogy is a trilogy of young adult science fiction novels by Christopher Evans , written under the pseudonym of Nathan Elliott and published in 1986 .
That Hideous Strength ( subtitled A Modern Fairy - Tale for Grown - Ups ) is a 1945 novel by C. S. Lewis , the final book in Lewis 's theological science fiction Space Trilogy .
The Piratica Series is a series of young adult fantasy novels by Tanith Lee .
Future Evolution is a book written by paleontologist Peter Ward and illustrated by Alexis Rockman .
The One Percent Doctrine ( ISBN 0 - 7432 - 7109 - 2 ) is a nonfiction book by Pulitzer Prize -- winning journalist Ron Suskind about America 's hunt for terrorists since September 11th , 2001 .
I 'm Off ( French : Je m'en vais ) is a 1999 novel by the French writer Jean Echenoz .
The Dolphins of Laurentum is a historical novel by Caroline Lawrence published on February 6 , 2003 by Orion Books .
A Pair of Blue Eyes is a novel by Thomas Hardy , published in 1873 , first serialised between September 1872 and July 1873 .
The Borrible Trilogy is a series of young adult books written by English writer Michael de Larrabeiti .
Asterix and the Secret Weapon is the twenty - ninth volume of the Asterix comic book series and the fifth by Albert Uderzo alone .
Ubik ( /ˈjuːbɨk/ EW - bik ) is a 1969 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick .
The Tribes and the States is a book written by American child prodigy William James Sidis that outlines the history of the Native Americans , focusing mostly on the Northeastern tribes and continuing up to the mid-19th century .
The Green Years is a 1944 novel by A. J. Cronin which traces the formative years of an Irish orphan , Robert Shannon , who is sent to live with his draconian maternal grandparents in Scotland .
The Languages of Tolkien 's Middle - earth is a book on the languages of Middle - earth by Ruth S. Noel .
The Chinese Gold Murders is a gong'an historical mystery novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China ( roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty ) .
The Night at the Museum , published in 1993 , is a children 's picture book written and illustrated by Milan Trenc .
The Diary of Samuel Marchbanks , published by Clarke , Irwin in 1947 , is the first of the Samuel Marchbanks books by Canadian novelist and journalist Robertson Davies .
Summer of the Aliens is a semi - autobiographical , 1990s play written by Louis Nowra .
Beautiful Bastard is an erotic romance novel by Christina Hobbs and Lauren Billings under the singular pen name of Christina Lauren .
The Condition of the Working Class in England is a 1845 book by the German philosopher Friedrich Engels , a study of the industrial working class in Victorian England .
Marriage in Heaven ( Romanian : Nuntă în cer ) is a 1938 novel by the Romanian writer Mircea Eliade .
`` The Fir - Tree '' ( Danish : Grantræet ) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen ( 1805 - -1875 ) .
The Transcendence of the Ego ( French : La Transcendance de l'ego : Esquisse d'une description phénomenologique ) is a philosophical and psychological essay written by Jean - Paul Sartre in 1934 and published in 1936 .
`` A Guide to Berlin '' is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov , first published in 1925 .
A Dubious Legacy ( 1992 ) is a novel written by the British author Mary Wesley .
Journey Through the Impossible ( French : Voyage à travers l'impossible ) is an 1882 fantasy play written by Jules Verne , with the collaboration of Adolphe d'Ennery .
Jumping the Queue ( 1983 ) is British novelist Mary Wesley´s first adult novel , published when the author was seventy years old .
Bully for Brontosaurus ( 1991 ) is the fifth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould .
Involuntary Witness ( Italian : Testimone Inconsapevole ) is a legal thriller by Italian writer Gianrico Carofiglio , published originally in 2002 and translated into English by Patrick Creagh in 2005 .
Hans - Hermann Hoppe , who wrote the introduction to later editions of the book , described The Ethics of Liberty as Murray Rothbard 's second magnum opus , the other being Man , Economy , and State ( 1962 ) .
Travels with My Aunt ( 1969 ) is a novel written by English author Graham Greene .
Allies and Aliens is a single - volume work encompassing the novels The Torch of Honor and Rogue Powers by Roger MacBride Allen .
Indigenous Peoples in International Law ( ISBN 0 - 19517 - 350 - 3 ) is a book written by James Anaya .
No Time Like the Present is a 2012 novel by South African writer Nadine Gordimer .
The Fairy Gunmother ( 1987 , orig . French : La fée carabine ) is a comic novel by the French novelist Daniel Pennac , the second in his Malaussène saga .
More Pricks Than Kicks is a collection of short prose by Samuel Beckett , first published in 1934 .
The Book of My Lives is the first book of nonfiction by the Bosnian - American novelist Aleksandar Hemon .
Were You Always an Italian ? is a memoir written by American author Maria Laurino and published by W.W. Norton in 2000 .
The Edge of Sadness is a novel by the American author Edwin O'Connor .
Jixiao Xinshu ( simplified Chinese : 纪效新书 ; traditional Chinese : 紀效新書 ; pinyin : Jìxiào xīnshū ) or New Treatise on Military Efficiency was a military manual written by the Chinese general Qi Jiguang ( 戚继光 ) of the Ming dynasty .
The Alto Wore Tweed is the first novel in the St. Germaine mystery series by Mark Schweizer .
The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas ( Portuguese : Memorias Posthumas de Braz Cubas , modern spelling Memórias Póstumas de Brás Cubas ) , often subtitled as the Epitaph of a Small Winner , is a novel by the Brazilian writer Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis .
The Sorrows of Young Werther ( German : Die Leiden des jungen Werthers ) is an epistolary , loosely autobiographical novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , first published in 1774 .
A Witness Tree is a collection of poems by Robert Frost , first published in 1942 .
The New Confessions ( 1987 ) is a novel of the Scottish writer William Boyd .
Home from the Sea ( 2012 ) is a fantasy novel written by Mercedes Lackey and part of her Elemental Masters series .
The Ten Teacups ( U.S. title : The Peacock Feather Murders ) , is a locked room mystery by American mystery writer John Dickson Carr , writing as Carter Dickson .
The Secret Chord ( 2015 ) is a novel about King David by Pulitzer Prize - winning author Geraldine Brooks .
The Gilded Man ( also published as Death and the Gilded Man ) is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr ( 1906 - -1977 ) , who published it under the name of Carter Dickson .
The Small Rain is a semi - autobiographical novel by Madeleine L'Engle , about the many difficulties in the life of talented pianist Katherine Forrester between the ages of 10 and 19 .
The Pagan Lord is the seventh historical novel in the Saxon Stories by Bernard Cornwell , first published in 2013 .
Je voudrais pas crever ( I would n't want to croak ) is a collection of poetry by French author Boris Vian , published posthumously in 1962 .
The Old Front Line ( ISBN 0 - 85052 - 936 - 0 ) is a military history book by English poet John Masefield , first published in 1917 .
Oh , whistle and I 'll come to you , my lad is the title and refrain of a 1793 poem and song by Robert Burns .
Death of the Fox is a 1971 historical fiction novel written by George Garrett .
Briar 's Book by Tamora Pierce , is a fantasy novel set in the fictional duchy of Emelan .
The Snakes of Europe is a book written by the Belgian - British zoologist George Albert Boulenger in 1913 which is described in the author 's preface as the first book written in English describing the snakes found in Europe .
Turcaret ( or Le Financier ) is a comedy by Alain - René Lesage , first produced on 14 February 1709 at the Comédie - Française in Paris .
Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key , written by Jack Gantos , is the first in a series of books featuring Joey Pigza .
Rimrunners is a science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh and set in her Alliance - Union universe , in which humanity has split into three major power blocs :
Hans Beißwenger ( 8 November 1916 -- 6 March 1943 ) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during World War II . A flying ace or fighter ace is a military aviator credited with shooting down five or more enemy aircraft during aerial combat .
Château - Thierry is one of 64 French towns to have received the Legion of Honour .
Mikhail Koshkin was posthumously awarded the State Stalin Prize in 1942 and the Order of the Red Star .
In 2000 , The Tall T was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant . ''
In 2007 Vija Artmane was decorated with the Order of the Three Stars , which is conferred in recognition of outstanding civil merit in the service of Latvia .
Baiga vasara ( English : Dangerous Summer ) is a 2000 Latvian film directed by Aigars Grauba starring Inese Cauna , Uldis Dumpis , Eduards Pāvuls , Jānis Reinis , and Artūrs Skrastiņš .
Fric - Frac is a 1939 French comedy film directed by Claude Autant - Lara and Maurice Lehmann , starring Fernandel , Arletty and Michel Simon .
Lal Pahare'r Katha ( a story of the red hills ) , is a 2007 unreleased Bengali - language Indian feature film directed by Remo D'Souza , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Rishi , Shankar Chakravarty , Diya and Piyali .
There 's Always a Thursday is a 1957 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Charles Victor , Jill Ireland , Lloyd Lamble and Robert Raglan .
The headline stars of Space : 1999 were American actors Martin Landau and Barbara Bain , who were married at the time and had previously appeared together in Mission :
Anbe Sivam ( English : Love Is God ) is a 2003 Indian Tamil comedy - drama film written by Kamal Haasan and directed by Sundar C. and inspired by the American film Planes , Trains and Automobiles ( 1987 ) .
He cast the lead actress , Angela Jones , in Pulp Fiction and later backed the filmmakers ' production of a feature - length version of Curdled .
Max Takes Tonics ( French : Max victime du quinquina ) is a 1911 French film directed by Max Linder .
George White 's 1935 Scandals is best remembered as the major film debut of a young dancer named Eleanor Powell , here performing a `` specialty dance '' .
The Black Watch is a 1929 American Pre - Code adventure epic film directed by John Ford and starring Victor McLaglen , Myrna Loy , and David Torrence .
The Fighting Seabees is a 1944 war film starring John Wayne and Susan Hayward .
The Baldy Man is a television series starring Gregor Fisher , a Scottish comedian .
Fated to Love You ( Chinese : 命中注定我愛你 ; pinyin : Mìng zhòng zhù dìng wǒ ài nǐ ) , also known as You 're My Destiny , Sticky Note Girl or Destiny Love , is a 2008 Taiwanese drama starring Joe Chen , Ethan Juan , Baron Chen and Bianca Bai .
The Playbirds is a 1978 British sexploitation film made by Irish - born director Willy Roe and starring 1970s ' pin - up Mary Millington alongside Glynn Edwards , Suzy Mandel and Windsor Davies .
Jo Hum Chahein ( Hindi : जो हम चाहें ; What We Want ) is a 2011 Hindi romance film directed by Pawan Gill , starring Sunny Gill , Simran Mundi , Alyy Khan and Achint Kaur .
Demons Never Die ( originally titled Suicide Kids ) is a British 2011 slasher film starring Robert Sheehan , Jennie Jacques , Jacob Anderson , Jason Maza , Emma Rigby .
Dangerously Delicious is a 2012 American stand - up comedy film written by and starring Aziz Ansari .
Naples is a Song ( Italian : Napoli è una canzone ) is a 1927 Italian silent film directed by Eugenio Perego and starring Leda Gys , Angelo Ferrari and Giuseppe Gherardi .
Heidi and Peter ( German : Heidi und Peter ) is a 1955 Swiss family drama film directed by Franz Schnyder and starring Heinrich Gretler , Elsbeth Sigmund and Thomas Klameth .
Sins of Silence , is an American 1996 drama TV film directed by Sam Pillsbury , and starring Holly Marie Combs and Lindsay Wagner .
The Amazing Colossal Man ( aka The Colossal Man ) is a 1957 black - and - white science fiction film , directed by Bert I. Gordon and starring Glenn Langan .
Major Payne is a 1995 American military comedy film directed by Nick Castle and written by and starring Damon Wayans .
The Off Season is a 2004 independent horror film directed by James Felix McKenney and produced by Larry Fessenden 's Glass Eye Pix .
Quiet Please , Murder is a 1942 drama directed by John Larkin , starring George Sanders , Gail Patrick and Richard Denning .
Red Passport ( Italian : Passaporto rosso ) is a 1935 Italian historical drama film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Isa Miranda , Filippo Scelzo and Ugo Ceseri .
Opium and the Kung - Fu Master is a 1984 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Tang Chia , who also serves as one of the film 's action directors , and stars Ti Lung as the titular protagonist .
First Sunday is a 2008 American comedy film written , produced and directed by David E. Talbert , and produced by Ice Cube , who also starred in the lead role .
Sudden Impact is a 1983 American action film and the fourth film in the Dirty Harry series , directed by Clint Eastwood ( making it the only Dirty Harry film to be directed by Eastwood himself ) , and starring Eastwood and Sondra Locke .
Submarine D-1 is a 1937 drama directed by Lloyd Bacon , starring Pat O'Brien , George Brent and Wayne Morris .
The Triumph of the Rat is a 1926 British silent film drama , directed by Graham Cutts for Gainsborough Pictures and starring Ivor Novello , Isabel Jeans and Nina Vanna .
The Vanishing Rider is a 1928 Western film serial directed by Ray Taylor and featuring William Desmond and Ethlyne Clair .
Bandhana ( Kannada : ಬಂಧನ ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada language film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu , based on a novel Usha Navaratnanram of the same name , and starring Vishnuvardhan and Suhasini in the lead roles .
Maid 's Night Out is a 1938 American romantic comedy film made by RKO Radio Pictures and starring Joan Fontaine and Allan Lane .
American Madness is a 1932 American Pre - Code film directed by Frank Capra and starring Walter Huston as a New York banker embroiled in scandal .
School for Secrets ( also known as Secret Flight ) is a 1946 British black and white film written and directed by Peter Ustinov and starring Ralph Richardson .
Dead Lenny is a 2007 action film starring Steven Bauer and Armand Assante , released under the tagline `` Unfortunately , Lenny 's promised everyone the money . ''
Amber Michaels , Daisy Chain , Gina Ryder , Jewel De'Nyle , Lene , Sydnee Steele , Taylor Moore , Tina Thomas , Torri & Wendy Divine The 4 Finger Club 2 ( 1999 ) :
The Gigolos is a 2005 British comedy film directed by Richard Bracewell , starring Sacha Tarter , Trevor Sather and Ben Willbond alongside Susannah York , Anna Massey and Siân Phillips .
Flying Virus ( also titled Killer Buzz ) is a 2001 American - Brazilian horror film written and directed by Jeff Hare , which starred Gabrielle Anwar and Rutger Hauer .
No Other Woman is a 2011 Filipino romantic drama film starring Anne Curtis , Derek Ramsay , and Cristine Reyes .
The Postman from Longjumeau ( German : Der Postillon von Lonjumeau ) is a 1936 Austrian - Swiss musical comedy film directed by Carl Lamac and starring Carl Esmond , Rose Stradner and Alfred Neugebauer .
Horrors of the Black Museum ( 1959 ) is a British horror film starring Michael Gough and directed by Arthur Crabtree .
Secret Treasure ( Chinese : 神秘寶藏 ) is an upcoming Chinese period adventure film directed by Ronald Cheng and Gordon Chan and starring Ronald Cheng , Dayo Wong , Fala Chen and Joyce Feng .
Beyond Rangoon is a 1995 drama film directed by John Boorman about Laura Bowman ( played by Patricia Arquette ) , an American tourist who vacations in Burma ( Myanmar ) in 1988 , the year in which the 8888 Uprising takes place .
Frisco Sally Levy ( aka `` Véspera de Natal '' ) is a lost 1927 comedy silent film directed by William Beaudine and starring Sally O'Neil and Roy D'Arcy , which was released on April 2 , 1927 .
Wild and Wonderful is a 1964 film comedy starring Tony Curtis and his then - wife Christine Kaufmann ( whom he had married in 1963 ) .
Horror Rises from the Tomb ( Spanish : El espanto surge de la tumba ) , is a 1972 Spanish horror film starring Jacinto Molina ( also known as Paul Naschy ) and was directed by Carlos Aured .
German Version ( F.P.1 antwortet nicht ) Hans Albers as Ellissen Sybille Schmitz as Claire Lennartz Paul Hartmann :
Down Came a Blackbird is a 1995 drama film made for TV starring Raúl Juliá .
I Like Your Nerve is a 1931 American romantic comedy film directed by William C. McGann , starring Douglas Fairbanks , Jr. and Loretta Young .
Something Money Ca n't Buy is a 1952 British film starring Patricia Roc and Anthony Steel .
The Secret Nights of Lucrezia Borgia ( Italian : Le notti segrete di Lucrezia Borgia , Spanish : Las noches secretas de Lucrecia Borgia ) is a 1982 Italian - Spanish historical film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero and starring Sirpa Lane , George Hilton and Willey Reynolds .
The Sun Behind the Clouds looks at China 's occupation of Tibet from the perspective of the vocally secessionist Tibetan youth , and from that of their spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , whose reaction to the Chinese presence has been markedly less confrontational .
Just Nuts is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd playing the character that preceded his glasses character .
The Eternal Question is a lost 1916 American silent drama film drama starring Olga Petrova and directed by Burton L. King .
Particles of Truth is a 2003 low - budget independent film directed , written by and starring Jennifer Elster , with Gale Harold .
Se los chupó la bruja ( `` The Witch Suckled Them '' ) is a 1958 Mexican horror comedy film directed by Jaime Salvador and starring the double act Viruta y Capulina ( Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine ) , Sonia Furió , and Octávio Arias .
Thookku Thookki ( Tamil : தூக்குத் தூக்கி ) is a 1954 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan , Lalitha and Padmini .
The Hee Haw Silver episodes spotlighted many of the classic comedy skits and moments from the show , with a series of retrospective looks at performers who had since died , such as David `` Stringbean '' Akeman , Archie Campbell , Junior Samples , and Kenny Price .
Mina , aka `` Bambola '' Stefano Dionisi :
Min and Bill stars Marie Dressler ( Min ) , Wallace Beery ( Bill ) , Dorothy Jordan ( Nancy ) , and Marjorie Rambeau ( Bella , Nancy 's ill - reputed mother ) , and was directed by George W. Hill .
Lonesome Luke , Social Gangster is a 1915 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd .
Tarzan the Fearless ( 1933 ) is a 12 chapter American Pre - Code film serial starring Buster Crabbe in his only appearance as Tarzan .
Adam 's Woman is a 1970 Australian - American historical drama film directed by Philip Leacock and starring Beau Bridges , Jane Merrow and John Mills .
The Invincible Six is a 1970 American - Iranian adventure film directed by Jean Negulesco and starring Stuart Whitman , Elke Sommer , Curd Jürgens and Ian Ogilvy .
Jeevana Chaitra ( Kannada : ಜೀವನ ಚೈತ್ರ ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada language feature film directed by the duo Dorai - Bhagavan starring Rajkumar and Madhavi in lead roles .
And the Heavens Above Us ( German : Und über uns der Himmel ) is a 1947 German drama film directed by Josef von Báky and starring Hans Albers , Paul Edwin Roth and Lotte Koch .
Muddina Maava ( English Translation : Beloved father - in - law ) is a Kannada language feature film released in 1993 , starring Shashi Kumar , Shruti , S.P.Balasubrahmanyam , Tara .
A Peasant on a Bicycle ( Bulgarian : Селянинът с Колелото / Selyaninat s Koleloto ) is a Bulgarian drama film released in 1974 , directed by Lyudmil Kirkov , starring Georgi Georgiev - Gets , Diana Chelebieva , Georgi Rusev and Evstati Stratev .
Octomom Home Alone is a pornographic film featuring prominent American mother Nadya Suleman , also known as `` Octomom '' , masturbating .
Along the Rio Grande is a 1941 Western starring Tim Holt .
Halla Bol stars Ajay Devgan and Vidya Balan in pivotal roles and a number of celebrities from the Hindi film industry appear as themselves .
The Golden Blade is an adventure film from 1953 directed by Nathan Juran and starring Rock Hudson as Harun Al - Rashid and Piper Laurie as Princess Khairuzan .
Mr. Nanny is a 1993 family comedy film starring professional wrestler Hulk Hogan .
Shadowless Sword ( Hangul : 무영검 ; RR : Muyeonggeom ) is a 2005 South Korean film starring Lee Seo - jin , Yoon So - yi , and Shin Hyun - joon .
The Badge is a 2002 mystery - thriller film , directed by Robby Henson and stars Billy Bob Thornton , Patricia Arquette and William Devane .
Lost in Hong Kong is a 2015 Chinese comedy film directed , co - written and co - produced by Xu Zheng , starring himself along with Bao Bei'er , Zhao Wei , and Du Juan .
Old San Francisco is a 1927 American silent historical drama film starring Dolores Costello and Warner Oland , and directed by Alan Crosland .
Hunterwali ( A Woman with a Whip ) is a 1935 Hindi stunt film by the Wadia Movietone company of Bombay ( now Mumbai ) , featuring Fearless Nadia as the heroine .
Brother Alfred is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Gene Gerrard , Molly Lamont and Elsie Randolph .
It Is n't Done is a 1937 Australian comedy film about a grazier ( Cecil Kellaway ) who inherits a barony in England .
Ek Ladka Ek Ladki ( Hindi : एक लड़का एक लड़की , Urdu : ایک لڑکا ایک لڑکی‎ , translation : A boy and a girl ) is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Vijay Sadanah , starring Salman Khan and Neelam Kothari .
The Far Call is a 1929 American lost film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Charles Morton and Leila Hyams .
Sleeping Fist is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Teddy Yip and starring Bryan Leung and Yuen Siu - tien .
A Man Among Giants is a documentary film directed by Rod Webber which documents the misadventures of Doug ' Tiny The Terrible ' Tunstall , a black , republican little - person who ran for Mayor of Pawtucket , Rhode Island in 2006 .
A Matter of Resistance ( French : La Vie de château ) is a 1965 French romantic comedy film co - written and directed by Jean - Paul Rappeneau , and starring Catherine Deneuve , Pierre Brasseur , Philippe Noiret and Henri Garcin .
The teaser of Ram Charan Teja 's new film Govindudu Andarivadele is out and proves just that .
Hariyali Aur Rasta is a triangular love story among Shankar ( Manoj Kumar ) , Shobhana ( Mala Sinha ) and Rita ( Shashikala ) .
Poor But Honest ( Mexican : Pobre , pero honrada ! ) is a 1973 Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco , Fernando Soler and Norma Lazareno .
The Seven Madmen ( Spanish : Los siete locos , also known as The Revolution of the Seven Madmen ) is a 1973 Argentine drama film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson and starring Alfredo Alcón , Norma Aleandro and Héctor Alterio .
Queens Logic is a 1991 comedy from Seven Arts Pictures starring Kevin Bacon , Linda Fiorentino , Joe Mantegna , Jamie Lee Curtis , John Malkovich , Ken Olin , Chloe Webb and Tom Waits .
Sayyidat al - Qasr ( Arabic : سيدة القصر‎ , English : Lady of the Palace ) is a 1958 Egyptian romance film starring Faten Hamama and Omar Sharif .
The Ape Man is a 1943 horror - science fiction film starring Bela Lugosi and directed by William Beaudine .
Ask Dad is a 1929 American film directed by Hugh Faulcon and starring Edward Everett Horton , Winston Miller and Ruth Renick .
Rudderless is a 2014 American musical drama film the directorial debut of William H. Macy , and stars Billy Crudup , Felicity Huffman , Laurence Fishburne , Anton Yelchin and Ben Kweller .
Maayavi is a 2005 Tamil comedy - drama film directed by Singampuli that stars Suriya and Jyothika who plays a fictional version of herself , whilst Vijaykanth and Roja play short cameo roles .
Johnny Oro , also known as Ringo and His Golden Pistol , is a 1966 Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Corbucci and starring Mark Damon .
The Power of Few was produced by Marucci through Steelyard Pictures with Q'orianka Kilcher and her company iQ Films .
Look After Your Daughters ( German : Hütet eure Töchter ) is a 1922 Austrian silent comedy film directed by Sidney M. Goldin and starring Franz Höbling , Anny Ondra and Carl Lamac .
Traces of Love is a 2006 South Korean film directed by Kim Dae - seung , and starring Yoo Ji - tae , Kim Ji - soo , and Uhm Ji - won .
Congo Crossing is a 1956 adventure film directed by Joseph Pevney and starring Virginia Mayo and George Nader .
The Hoax is a 2006 American drama film starring Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström .
Florence Masebe as Elelwani Vusi Kunene as Prince Thovele Mutodi Neshehe
Street Without a King ( French : La rue sans loi ) , is a French comedy film from 1950 , directed by Marcel Gibaud , based on the cartoons by Albert Dubout , and starring André Gabriello as gangster Sparadra and featuring Louis de Funès as a music teacher .
Sehnsucht 202 was Luise Rainer 's film debut .
Carry On Sergeant is a 1958 comedy film starring William Hartnell , Bob Monkhouse and Eric Barker ; it is the first in the series of Carry On films , with 31 entries .
Black Limelight is a 1936 play by Gordon Sherry that in 1938 became a British crime film directed by Paul L. Stein , starring Joan Marion and Raymond Massey .
Grand Larceny is a 1987 thriller film directed by Jeannot Szwarc and starring Marilu Henner , Ian McShane , Omar Sharif and Louis Jourdan .
The Fighting Devil Dogs ( 1938 ) is a 12-chapter Republic movie serial starring Lee Powell and Herman Brix , the latter better known by his later stage name , Bruce Bennett .
She Would n't Say Yes is a 1945 screwball comedy film directed by Alexander Hall and starring Rosalind Russell and Lee Bowman .
I 'm Bout It is a 1997 American drama comedy film by rapper Master P. The film stars Master P , Moon Jones , Anthony Boswell , Silkk the Shocker , Mack 10 , C - Murder , Mia X and Mr. Serv - On .
Je suis timide mais je me soigne is a French comedy film directed by Pierre Richard released in 1978 .
The Last Lullaby is 2008 drama / noir film starring Tom Sizemore , and Sasha Alexander .
Love Mein Ghum ( Urdu : لو میں گم‎ ; English : Spellbound In Love , earlier titled Kitni Haseen Hai Zindagi ) is a Pakistani Urdu Romance / Musical film , directed and produced by Reema Khan .
Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy ? is a 2013 French animated documentary film by Michel Gondry about the philosopher and political activist Noam Chomsky .
Vivacious Lady is a 1938 American black - and - white romantic comedy film starring Ginger Rogers and James Stewart , produced and directed by George Stevens , and released by RKO Radio Pictures .
So I Married an Axe Murderer is a 1993 American romantic comedy thriller film starring Mike Myers and Nancy Travis .
Miss Beatty 's Children is a 1992 English drama film directed by Pamela Rooks in a directorial debut , with Jenny Seagrove , Faith Brook and Protima Bedi in lead roles .
Disperatamente Giulia ( also known as Julia Forever ) is a 1989 Italian romance - drama mini series directed by Enrico Maria Salerno .
Mabel 's New Job is a 1914 film starring Mabel Normand and co - directed by Normand and George Nichols .
Begynnelsen på en historie ( English : The beginning of a story ) is a 1988 Norwegian drama film directed by Margarete Robsahm , starring Linda Pedersen , Wenche Foss and Linn Stokke .
Dinosaur from the Deep is a 1993 French - language science - fiction Z movie by filmmaker Norbert Moutier and starring Jean Rollin , Tina Aumont and Sylvaine Charlet .
Kansas City Kitty is a 1944 American romantic musical film directed by Del Lord , starring Joan Davis and Jane Frazee .
Characterz is a Comedy Feature Film set to release in 2015 starring Mitchel Musso .
The Heathens of Kummerow ( German title : Die Heiden von Kummerow ) is a 1967 East German - West German comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Paul Dahlke , Ralf Wolter and Fritz Tillmann .
With Six You Get Eggroll is a 1968 American romantic comedy film directed by Howard Morris , and stars Doris Day , Brian Keith , Barbara Hershey , George Carlin ( in his film debut ) and Pat Carroll .
The Buster Keaton Story is a 1957 American black and white film starring Donald O'Connor as Buster Keaton .
Hell in the Pacific is a 1968 World War II film starring Lee Marvin and Toshirō Mifune , the only two actors in the entire film .
The Guilty Generation is a 1931 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Rowland V. Lee , starring Leo Carrillo and featuring Boris Karloff .
Fantômas se déchaîne ( French pronunciation : ​(fɑ̃tomas sə deʃɛn ) , English : Fantomas Unleashed ) is a 1965 film starring Jean Marais as the arch villain with the same name opposite Louis de Funès as the earnest but outclassed commissaire Juve and the journalist Fandor , also played by Marais .
The Little Irish Girl is a 1926 silent film romantic drama produced and distributed by Warner Bros. , directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Dolores Costello .
Showboy is a 2002 film and mockumentary that was produced by star Jason Buchtel , directed by stars Christian Taylor and Lindy Heymann , written by and starring the three .
Mugworth is an upcoming hand - drawn animated film directed by animator Marc Fernandez Garcia and starring actors Bill Moseley , John Waters and Darren Smith .
Grim Prairie Tales is a 1990 American horror film , directed and written by Wayne Coe , and starring James Earl Jones and Brad Dourif .
Drexell 's Class ( two working titles of the show were `` Oh No , Not Drexell , and ' ' Shut Up , Kids ! `` ) starred Dabney Coleman in the role of Otis Drexell , a fifth - grade teacher at fictional Grantwood Elementary School in Cedar Bluffs , Iowa .
You 're in the Army Now is a 1941 comedy film starring Jimmy Durante , Phil Silvers , Jane Wyman , and Regis Toomey .
Chance Pe Dance ( Hindi : चांस पे डांस , Chance to Dance ) is a Bollywood dance / drama film starring Shahid Kapoor and Genelia D'Souza .
The film 's haunting song , `` Golden Earrings '' , sung in the movie by Murvyn Vye , was a hit recording in 1947 - 48 by Peggy Lee .
Bedre enn sitt rykte ( English : Better than their reputation ) is a 1955 Norwegian drama film directed by Edith Carlmar , starring Vigdis Røising , Kari Nordseth , Magne Bleness and Atle Merton .
College Kumaran is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Thulasidas , starring Mohanlal and Vimala Raman .
The Eagle 's Claw is a 1924 silent film western adventure starring Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams .
Bol Radha Bol is a 1992 Hindi film directed by David Dhawan and starring Juhi Chawla and Rishi Kapoor in the lead roles . The film is perhaps best remembered for the hit track `` Tu Tu Tu Tara '' .
Fist of Fury II ( Chinese : 精武門續集 , aka Chinese Connection 2 and Fist of Fury Part II ) , is a 1977 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by Iksan Lahardi and Tso - nam Lee , and starring Bruce Li and Lo Lieh .
Hero to Zero is a British children 's drama television show about a young boy who has many adventures while receiving advice from the football player Michael Owen .
La morte risale a ieri sera stars Raf Vallone and Frank Wolff .
The Flying Fleet is a 1929 romantic drama film starring Ramon Navarro , Ralph Graves and Anita Page .
Return to Nim 's Island is a 2013 Australian adventure - fantasy film directed by Brendan Maher and starring Bindi Irwin , Matthew Lillard , Toby Wallace and John Waters .
Kalyana Mandapam ( Telugu : కళ్యాణ మండపం ) is a 1971 Telugu - language film starring Sobhan Babu , Kanchana , Kongara Jaggaiah , Anjali , Gummadi and others .
Russkies is a 1987 American drama film starring Whip Hubley and Leaf Phoenix , directed by Rick Rosenthal with cinematography by Reed Smoot .
Priscilla and the Umbrella is a 1911 American short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell and Mack Sennett , starring Florence Barker and featuring Blanche Sweet .
Parisian Love is a black and white 1925 silent film starring Clara Bow .
First Action Hero is a cult 1994 film starring Fabio Testi as Tony Fierro with Ron Nummi as Hoagy and directed by Nini Grassia .
Subject Two is a 2006 American film directed by Philip Chidel , starring Christian Oliver and Dean Stapleton .
This Was Paris is a 1942 British Second World War spy film directed by John Harlow and starring Ann Dvorak , Ben Lyon and Griffith Jones .
The Grasp of Greed is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney .
Life Begins at Midnight ( Spanish : La vida empieza a medianoche ) is a 1944 Spanish comedy film written and directed by Juan de Orduña and starring Marta Santaolalla , Armando Calvo and Julia Lajos .
Daraar is a 1996 Hindi thriller film directed by Abbas - Mustan starring Juhi Chawla , Rishi Kapoor and Arbaaz Khan in his film debut .
A Woman 's Vengeance ( 1948 ) is a film directed by Zoltán Korda , with a screenplay by Aldous Huxley based on his short story `` The Gioconda Smile '' , and starring Charles Boyer , Ann Blyth , Jessica Tandy , Cedric Hardwicke , Rachel Kempson , and Mildred Natwick .
Mugguru ( Telugu : ముగ్గురు ) is a 2011 Telugu film directed by V. N. Aditya starring Reemma Sen , Navdeep , Avasarala Srinivas and Raahul in lead roles .
Search for Beauty is a 1934 pre - Code dramedy film , with some musical Busby Berkeley - esque athletic sequences , directed by Erle C. Kenton and starring Buster Crabbe and Ida Lupino .
Tough to Kill ( Italian : Duri a morire ) is a 1978 Italian action film written and directed by Joe D'Amato and starring Luc Merenda .
Francis Goes to West Point is a 1952 American black - and - white comedy film from Universal - International , produced by Leonard Goldstein , directed by Arthur Lubin , and starring Donald O'Connor , Lori Nelson , Alice Kelley , and Gregg Palmer .
Pandhayam ( Tamil : பந்தயம் ; English : Bet ) is a Tamil film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar starring Nithin Sathya , Sindhu Tolani .
The Gun Woman is a 1918 American silent western film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Texas Guinan .
The Cemetery of the Eagles ( Spanish : El cementerio de las águilas ) is a 1939 Mexican historical war film directed by Luis Lezama and starring Jorge Negrete , Margarita Mora and José Macip .
Alas Smith and Jones is a British comedy sketch television series featuring Mel Smith and Griff Rhys Jones that ran for four series and two Christmas specials on BBC2 from 1984 to 1988 , and as Smith and Jones for five series on BBC1 from 1989 to 1998 .
It Was Always So Nice With You ( German : Bei Dir war es immer so schön ) is a 1954 West German musical comedy film directed by Hans Wolff and starring Heinz Drache , Georg Thomalla and Ingrid Stenn .
Belgian Revenge ( French : La revanche belge ) is a 1922 Belgian silent film directed by Théo Bergerat and starring Fernand Crommelynck .
Azhagaana Ponnuthan is a 2010 Indian Tamil - language romance film written and directed by Thiru that stars Namitha and newcomer Kartheesh in lead roles , with R. Parthiban playing an older version of Karthick 's role .
Geraldine Farrar as Maria Rosa Wallace Reid as Andreas Pedro de Cordoba as Ramon James Neill as The Priest Ernest Joy as Carlos Horace B. Carpenter as Pedro Anita King as Ana , Carlos ' Wife
Professor Beware is a 1938 comedy film starring Harold Lloyd and directed by Elliott Nugent .
New Heart ( Hangul : 뉴하트 ) is a 2007 South Korean medical drama television series , starring Ji Sung , Kim Min - jung , Cho Jae - hyun and Lee Ji - hoon .
Rainbow Over Texas is a film from 1946 in which Roy Rogers plays himself as a famous cowboy - singer returning to Texas .
DVD by Sexy is the only official DVD from Eagles of Death Metal .
The Face in the Moonlight is a 1915 American silent historical drama film directed by Albert Capellani and starring Robert Warwick , Stella Archer and H. Cooper Cliffe .
The Last Page , released in the United States as Man Bait , is a 1952 British film noir produced by Hammer Film Productions starring George Brent , Marguerite Chapman and Diana Dors .
The Diabolic Tenant ( French : Le Locataire diabolique ) , originally released in English - speaking countries as The Fiendish Tenant , is a 1909 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Amazon Souls is a 2013 British documentary film directed , produced and presented by Sarah Begum .
The Little Bather ( French : Le Petit Baigneur ) , is a French comedy film from 1968 , directed and written by Robert Dhéry , starring Louis de Funès and Andréa Parisy .
Good Night , Nurse ! is a 1918 American short comedy film written and directed by Fatty Arbuckle , and starring Arbuckle and Buster Keaton .
Premer Kahini ( translation : Story of Love ) ( 2008 ) is a Bengali film by Ravi Kinagi . , the movie featured Dev , Koyel Mullick , Jishu Sengupta and Ranjit Mullick .
The Tenth Level is a 1976 TV - movie starring William Shatner .
Aliki Vougiouklaki - Astero Titos Vandis - Mitros Dimitris Papamichael - Thymios Georgia Vasileiadou - Stamatina Stephanos Stratigos - Thanos Yorgos Damasiotis Athanasia Moustaka Giannis Avlonitis Niki Linardou - ( as Bebi Koula ) Soula Athanasiadou
Fashion 70 's ( Hangul : 패션 70 's ) is a 2005 South Korean television series starring Lee Yo - won , Kim Min - jung , Joo Jin - mo and Chun Jung - myung .
Eternal Summer ( Chinese : 盛夏光年 ; pinyin : Shèngxià Guāng Nián ) is a 2006 Taiwanese film starring Joseph Chang , Bryant Chang and Kate Yeung .
Unexpected Love ( Chinese : 誰說我們不會愛 ) is a 2014 Chinese romance film directed by Bowie Lau and starring Du Chun .
Rene Liu as Lin Siao Yu Marj Dusay as Rita Chung Hua Tou as Giang Wei Daniel J. Travanti as Mario Moretti Tai - Feng Jill Church as Card - sharp Ajay Mehta as Photo store manager Daxing Zhang as Lao Chai
400 Boys is a Canadian / Chinese action - fantasy thriller film directed , written and produced by Alastair Paton and starring Jodelle Ferland , Li Bingbing , Maria Valverde and Charlie Rowe .
The Clean Machine is a 1988 Australian tele movie about police corruption starring Steve Bisley .
Arangetra Velai is a 1990 Tamil Film starring Prabhu , Revathi , V.K.Ramasamy in lead characters .
Aag Ka Gola ( English translation - Fire Ball ) is 1989 Hindi language Movie directed by David Dhawan and starring Sunny Deol , Dimple Kapadia , Shakti Kapoor and Prem Chopra .
A Scandal in Paris is a 1946 American biographical film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring George Sanders , Signe Hasso and Carole Landis .
The Dice Woman is a 1926 silent film action adventure directed by Eddie Dillon and starring Priscilla Dean .
My Spring Days ( Hangul : 내 생애 봄날 ; RR : Nae Saengae Bomnal ; lit . `` The Spring Days of My Life '' ) is a 2014 South Korean television series starring Kam Woo - sung , Choi Sooyoung , Lee Joon - hyuk , and Jang Shin - young .
Kentucky Kernels is a 1934 American comedy directed by George Stevens and starring the comedy duo of Bert Wheeler and Robert Woolsey .
In East Los Angeles , Paulie joins a group of performing conures owned by Ignacio ( Cheech Marin ) , but later begins a life of crime after being kidnapped by Benny ( Jay Mohr ) .
Fireflies in the Garden is a 2008 drama film starring Willem Dafoe , Ryan Reynolds , and Julia Roberts .
Aayiram Jenmangal is a Tamil Horror film is directed by Durai , starring Vijayakumar , Latha and Rajinikanth in the lead roles .
It centers around a young woman , Mieke , ( Free Souffriau ) , who lives with her grandparents and works as a police officer but also has a secret identity as superhero Mega Mindy .
Gallowwalkers is a 2012 American western horror film written and directed by Andrew Goth , and starring Wesley Snipes , Kevin Howarth , Riley Smith , Tanit Phoenix , Patrick Bergin , and Diamond Dallas Page .
Evils of the Night is a 1985 low - budget science fiction/``porno horror '' film starring Aldo Ray , Neville Brand , Tina Louise , John Carradine , and Julie Newmar .
Davy Crockett , Indian Scout is a 1950 Western film starring George Montgomery as Davy Crockett 's nephew .
£ 500 Reward is a 1918 Australian silent film starring , written , produced , financed and directed by Claude Flemming who later described it as `` a very lurid melodrama '' .
One Is a Lonely Number ( also known as Two Is a Happy Number ) is a 1972 drama film directed by Mel Stuart and starring Trish Van Devere , Janet Leigh and Melvyn Douglas .
That Sugar Film is a 2014 Australian documentary starring and directed by Damon Gameau .
Produced by Raymond Wong , Hotel Deluxe features many of the recurring cast from his All 's Well , Ends Well film series .
How to Make the Cruelest Month is a 1998 comedy film written and directed by Kip Koenig and starring Clea DuVall .
Memdidi is a 1961 Hindi movie produced by L. B. Lachman and directed by Hrishikesh MukherjeeThe film stars David , Jayant , Lalita Pawar , Asit Sen and Tanuja .
The Wrong Man is a 1956 American docudrama film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Henry Fonda and Vera Miles .
Wide Open Live & More is the first DVD album released by American country singer Jason Aldean .
Gajakesariyogam is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film , directed by PG Vishwambharan , starring Innocent , Mukesh , Sunitha in the lead roles .
Plunkett & Macleane is a 1999 British historical action comedy film directed by Jake Scott , and starring Robert Carlyle , Jonny Lee Miller and Liv Tyler .
The Return of Count Yorga , originally titled Yorga Returns , is a 1971 American vampire horror film directed by Bob Kelljan and starring Robert Quarry .
The Bravados is a 1958 western film ( color by DeLuxe ) directed by Henry King , starring Gregory Peck and Joan Collins .
The House Where Evil Dwells is a 1982 American / Japanese horror film that stars Edward Albert , Susan George and Doug McClure about an American family that moves into a reputed haunted house in the hills of Japan .
Some bootleg versions of Eat the Document include a long scene featuring a possibly alcohol- or drug - impaired Dylan in a limousine with John Lennon on 27 May 1966 .
The Secret Fury is a 1950 American black - and - white psychological thriller film noir directed by Mel Ferrer , featuring Claudette Colbert , Robert Ryan and Jane Cowl .
The Partisan of Villa ( Spanish : La guerrillera de Villa ) is a 1967 Spanish - Mexican comedy film directed by Miguel Morayta and starring Carmen Sevilla , Julio Alemán and Vicente Parra .
Adhu ( English : That ) is a 2004 Tamil horror film directed by Ramesh Balakrishnan , starring Sneha in the lead role , who plays the role of a spirit possessed girl .
Song o ' My Heart is a 1930 Pre - Code American film , starring John McCormack , Alice Joyce , Maureen O'Sullivan , Effie Ellsler and John Garrick .
Teen Witch is a 1989 American teen fantasy comedy film directed by Dorian Walker , written by Robert Menken and Vernon Zimmerman , and starring Robyn Lively and Zelda Rubinstein .
Ondu Kshanadalli ( Kannada : ಒಂದು ಕ್ಷಣದಲ್ಲಿ ) is a 2012 Indian Kannada romantic drama film starring Tarun Chandra , Sanjjanaa and Bhama in the lead roles .
Kadathanadan Ambadi is a 1990 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Priyadarshan and produced by Sajan Vargeese , starring Mohanlal , Swapna , Raadhu and Prem Nazir .
Hack Job is an American horror - thriller film directed by James Balsamo and produced by Lloyd Kaufman .
My American Wife is a 1922 silent American drama film directed by Sam Wood and starring Gloria Swanson .
Running from Crazy is a 2013 television documentary film by director Barbara Kopple about the family of Mariel Hemingway , grand daughter of Nobel Prize - winning author Ernest Hemingway .
Papparapaam is an upcoming Tamil dramedy film written and directed by debutante Sasikumaran starring Vinoth Kishan , Ishaara Nair , Yamini Lakshmanan , John Vijay and Mime Gopi in lead roles .
Gentlemen of the Press is a 1929 all - talking film starring Walter Huston in his first feature film role and Kay Francis in her first film role .
Thirty Years of Maximum R&B Live is a 1994 compilation video of English rock and roll band The Who .
Bommana Brothers Chandana Sisters is a 2008 Telugu film Directed by Srinivasa Reddy starring Allari Naresh , Krishna Bhagavaan , Farjana and Rithima in the lead roles .
Something Evil is a 1972 horror television movie starring Sandy Dennis , Darren McGavin , and Ralph Bellamy .
Kind Hearts and Coronets is a British black comedy film of 1949 starring Dennis Price , Joan Greenwood , Valerie Hobson , and Alec Guinness , who famously plays eight distinct characters .
Yes , Mr Brown is a 1933 British musical comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Jack Buchanan , Hartley Power , Elsie Randolph and Margot Grahame .
Mehndi Waley Hath Is a Punjabi Pakistani film directed by Syed Noor starring Saima and Babar Ali .
How to Start a Revolution is a BAFTA award winning British documentary film about Nobel Peace Prize nominee and political theorist Gene Sharp , described as the world 's foremost scholar on nonviolent revolution .
The Haunted Palace is a 1963 horror film released by American International Pictures , starring Vincent Price , Lon Chaney Jr. , and Debra Paget ( in her final film ) , in a story about a village held in the grip of a dead necromancer .
Ustadon Ke Ustad is a 1998 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Jackie Shroff , Madhoo , Vineeta , Mohan Joshi , Mushtaq Khan , Johnny Lever , Avtar Gill , Govind Namdeo and Tiku Talsania
Inside I 'm Dancing , also released under the title Rory O'Shea Was Here , is an Irish 2004 comedy - drama film directed by Damien O'Donnell and starring James McAvoy , Steven Robertson , Romola Garai , and Brenda Fricker .
Scusi lei è normale ? ( i.e. `` Sorry , are you normal ? '' ) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Umberto Lenzi and starring Renzo Montagnani , Ray Lovelock and Anna Maria Rizzoli .
Creature with the Blue Hand ( German : Die blaue Hand and also known as The Bloody Dead ) is a 1967 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Harald Leipnitz .
The Curse of the Mummy 's Tomb is a British horror film produced , written and directed by Michael Carreras , starring Terence Morgan , Ronald Howard , Fred Clark and introducing Jeanne Roland .
Live at the Beacon Theater is the fourth full - length comedy special / concert film by comedian Louis C.K ..
Love Is a Many Stupid Thing is a 2004 comedy film written , produced and directed by Wong Jing and starring Eric Tsang , Chapman To , Natalis Chan , Shawn Yue , Lam Chi - chung and Raymond Wong Ho - yin .
Torrance Rises is a 1999 mockumentary directed by and starring Spike Jonze .
Chinna Thambi is a 1991 Indian Tamil language film starring Prabhu and Kushboo .
The Hagstone Demon is a 2009 American horror film directed by Jon Springer and starring Mark Borchardt as a drunken ex - reporter plagued by demonic forces .
The Foreman Went to France ( released in the USA as Somewhere in France ) is a 1942 British Second World War war film starring Clifford Evans , Tommy Trinder , Constance Cummings and Gordon Jackson .
After Midnight with Boston Blackie is a 1943 crime film , the fourth of a series of 14 Columbia Pictures movies starring Chester Morris as Boston Blackie .
Nice Guy Johnny is a 2010 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Edward Burns , and starring Matt Bush , Kerry Bishé , and Burns .
Merci Docteur Rey is a 2002 gay comedy film from Merchant Ivory , directed by Andrew Litvack , starring Dianne Wiest and Jane Birkin .
Night Tide is a 1961 thriller film , written and directed by Curtis Harrington and starring Dennis Hopper .
The Sino - Dutch War 1661 ( Chinese : 鄭成功1661 ) , also known as Hero Zheng Chenggong , is a 2000 Chinese historical drama film directed by Wu Ziniu , starring Vincent Zhao , Jiang Qinqin , Du Zhiguo , Shimada Yôko , Xu Min and Zhang Shan .
O periergos ( Greek : Ο περίεργος ) is a 1982 Greek comedy film directed by Omiros Evstratides and starring Stathis Psaltis , Mimis Fotopoulos and Kaiti Finou .
Comrades at Sea ( German : Kameraden auf See ) is a 1938 German war film directed by Heinz Paul and starring Theodor Loos , Ingeborg Hertel and Julius Brandt .
Manakanakku is a Tamil language film starring Vijayakanth , Sarath Babu , Rajesh , Ambika and Radha in the lead roles .
They had a son Charles Alden Black Jr. and a daughter Lori Black .
Wossen Seged survived the attack for a few days , naming his son Sahle Selassie as his successor .
Charles Kanaʻina , officially referred to as His Honour and his Highness , ( Kanaʻina II ) ( c. 1801 -- March 13 , 1877 ) was an aliʻi ( hereditary noble ) of the Kingdom of Hawaii and father of William Charles Lunalilo , the 6th monarch of the Kingdom of Hawaii .
Iset Ta - Hemdjert or Isis Ta - Hemdjert , simply called Isis in her tomb , was an Ancient Egyptian queen of the twentieth dynasty ; the Great Royal Wife of Ramesses III and the Royal Mother of Ramesses VI .
In 914 , for reasons lost to history , Li Jihui 's son Li Yanlu poisoned him to death and took over the circuit .
Beta Doradus ( Beta Dor , β Doradus , β Dor ) is the second brightest star in the southern constellation of Dorado .
HD 37646 is a double star in the northern constellation of Auriga .
The Omega Nebula , also known as the Swan Nebula , Checkmark Nebula , and the Horseshoe Nebula ( catalogued as Messier 17 or M17 ) is an H II region in the constellation Sagittarius .
HD 107914 is a binary star in the constellation Centaurus , with an estimated distance of 255.5 light - years ( 78.3 pc ) from the Solar System .
HD 106112 ( or N Camelopardalis ) , is a star located in the constellation Camelopardalis .
Yannick Hamri ( born April 1 , 1983 in France ) , is an ice hockey player , who plays with Moselle Amneville Hockey Club in the French Division .
Pierre Kwenders is the stage name of José Louis Modabi ( born October 31 , 1985 in Kinshasa , Democratic Republic of the Congo ) , a Congolese - Canadian musician .
Lieutenant General Sir Edward Puttick KCB , DSO & Bar ( 26 June 1890 -- 25 July 1976 ) was an officer who served with the New Zealand Military Forces during the First and Second World Wars .
Ania Marson ( born 22 May 1949 ) , in Gdynia , Poland is an Anglo - Polish actress .
Ramón de la Fuente Muñiz ( 29 August 1921 -- 31 March 2006 ) was a Mexican psychiatrist who chaired the National Academy of Medicine of Mexico ( 1959 ) , served as vice - president of World Psychiatric Association ( 1970 - -76 ) and founded the Mexican Institute of Psychiatry in 1979 .
Upatissa Atapattu Bandaranayake Wasala Mudiyanse Ralahamilage Shirani Anshumala Bandaranayake ( known as Shirani Bandaranayake ; born April 1958 ) served as the 43rd Chief Justice of Sri Lanka .
Jérôme Napoléon Charles Bonaparte , Prince of Montfort ( 24 August 1814 - -12 May 1847 ) was the son of Jérôme Bonaparte and a nephew of Napoleon I , Emperor of France , and a soldier in service of the German kingdom of Württemberg .
Gabriella Csépe ( born June 13 , 1973 in Gyöngyös ) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Hungary , who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country , starting at the 1988 .
David Rakoff was born in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , the youngest of three children .
Benjamin Crellin is a New Zealand comedian , actor and writer .
Alhaj Khursheed Ahmad or Khurshid Ahmad(Urdu : الحاج خورشید احمد‎ ) was a Naat Khawan from Pakistan .
Georges Lesieur ( 1848 - -1931 ) , born in Paris ( France ) , was a French businessman and founder of the brand of edible oils of the same name ( Huiles Lesieur ) .
Tan Furen ( Chinese : 谭甫仁 ) ( April 1 , 1910 -- December 17 , 1970 ) was a lieutenant general in the People 's Liberation Army and People 's Republic of China politician .
Timothy Eaton ( March 1834 -- January 31 , 1907 ) was a Canadian businessman who founded the Eaton 's department store , one of the most important retail businesses in Canada 's history .
Ezequiel Montalt Ros ( born August 24 , 1977 in Bonrepòs i Mirambell , Valencian Community , Spain ) is a Spanish actor .
František Kašický ( born 18 November 1968 in Gelnica , Czechoslovakia ) was defence minister of Slovakia from 4 July 2006 to 25 January 2008 .
Currently , Carlos Ahumada is President of Club Sportivo Estudiantes in the province of San Luis , Argentina , a football team competing on the Torneo Argentino `` A '' of the Asociación del Fútbol Argentino ( AFA ) .
Albert Stankowski ( born 22 October 1971 ) is a Polish historian and a member of the Jewish Historical Institute Association in Poland , the originator of the Virtual Shtetl , the Head of the Digital Collection Department of the Museum of the History of Polish Jews .
Dmitry Chernyshenko ( born September 20 , 1968 ) is a Russian businessman and the President of the Sochi 2014 Olympic Organizing Committee for the 2014 Winter Olympics which were held in Sochi , Russia .
Serafino Biagioni ( 12 March 1920 , at Pistoia , Italy -- 13 February 1983 ) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer .
Klaus Wiegand was born during the war in Stadtilm , a very small town some 30 km ( 20 miles ) south of Erfurt in the southern part of what was then central Germany .
Tomás Katari or Catari ( died January 15 , 1781 ) was a Quechua chief who , in claiming indigenous rights , led a popular uprising in Upper Peru ( present - day Bolivia ) in the 18th century .
Nathan Rotenstreich ( 31.3.1914 -- 11.10.1993 ) was born in Sambir , Galicia , then in Austria - Hungary , later in Poland , now in Ukraine .
Virginie Le Brun ( born 7 June 1980 ) is a New Zealand actress best known for her role as Dr. Gabrielle Jacobs in the TV series Shortland Street .
Noushin Ahmadi Khorasani also wrote several books about the women 's movemenet in Iran .
Imraan Khan ( born 27 April 1984 , in Durban , Natal Province , South Africa ) is a South African cricketer who plays domestic cricket and captains the Dolphins .
Martina Rosenberger is a researcher living near Munich , Germany .
Jörg Schmidt - Reitwein ( born 1939 in Königs Wusterhausen , Germany ) is a German cinematographer .
Don Francisco Gómez de Sandoval , 1st Duke of Lerma ( 1552/1553 -- 1625 ) , a favourite of Philip III of Spain , was the first of the validos ( ' most worthy ' ) through whom the later Habsburg monarchs ruled .
Iropa Maurice Kouandété ( 22 September 1932 -- 7 April 2003 ) was a military officer and politician in Benin ( known as Dahomey until 1975 ) .
Lily Monteverde has produced nearly 300 films in the Philippines since the early 1960s .
Lefred Thouron is a cartoonist and writer born in Nancy , France in 1961 .
Uberto Pasolini Dall'Onda ( born 1 May 1957 in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian film producer , director , and former investment banker known for producing the 1997 film The Full Monty and directing and producing the 2008 film Machan .
Berhane Habtemariam ( Tigrinya : በርሃነ ሀብተማርአም ) was the first Auditor - General of Eritrea .
Oscar Parrilli ( born 13 August 1951 ) is an Argentine lawyer and politician , Secretary and Director of Intelligence of Argentina from December 2014 to December 2015 .
Works Mustai Karim translated into dozens of languages , Russia and the world .
Stanley Nicholas Garland ( 25 January 1892 -- 15 November 1964 ) was a New Zealand restaurateur and consul .
Ion Butmalai ( 9 October 1964 -- 9 December 2014 ) was a Moldovan politician and a deputy in Parliament of Moldova .
Burkhard Schwenker ( born 20 April 1958 in Minden , Germany ) is a German business consultant .
Mehrdad Ghanbari ( Persian : مهرداد قنبری‎‎ ; born November 22 , 1989 ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Zob Ahan in the Iran Pro League
Sanja Bogosavljević ( Cyrillic : Сања Богосављевић , born June 28 , 1979 , in Belgrade , Serbia , former SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian singer , a member of the girlband Beauty Queens .
Chris Davidson was born in Sydney , Australia , and currently resides in Peru .
Felix Cane won her first title , Miss Pole Dance Australia 2006 after only eight months of pole dancing .
Claudio Costamagna attended the Ecole Européenne in Brussels and then returned to Italy to enrol at Bocconi University .
Nelson Antonio Haedo Valdez ( born 28 November 1983 ) commonly known as Nelson Valdez ( or Nelson Haedo in Spanish speaking countries ) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays for Seattle Sounders FC and the Paraguay national football team as a striker .
Adnan Gulshair el Shukrijumah ( Arabic : عدنان شكري جمعة‎ , ʿAdnān Shukrī Jumaʿah ) ( 4 August 1975 -- 6 December 2014 ) was a citizen of Saudi Arabia and a senior member of al - Qaeda .
Already recognized in the international arena , Speedy Graphito 's Art is well known in France , England , USA , Belgium , India , Japan , Brazil , and Dubai , as well as major auction houses .
There is a Museum dedicated to Piet Blom 's works set to open in May 2013 in Hengelo , The Netherlands
Angelino Garzón Quintero ( born 29 October 1946 ) is the former Vice President of Colombia , serving under President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón .
Semih Sancar ( 1911 -- 8 December 1984 ) was Chief of the General Staff of Turkey from 1973 to 1978 , a period including the 1974 Turkish invasion of Cyprus .
Aleksei Saks ( born 20 May 1982 in Tallinn , Estonia ) is an Estonian pair skater .
Dr Rajen Prasad , QSO , is a politician from New Zealand .
Mangala Devi Singh ( Nepali : मंगलादेवी सिंह ) was a pioneer feminist and prominent democratic right activist of Nepal .
Intan Erlita ( full name : Intan Erlita Novianti ) ( born in Jakarta , 23 November 1980 ) is a television presenter and former model from Indonesia .
Óscar Larios ( born November 1 , 1976 ) is a professional boxer from Mexico and former WBC Super Bantamweight and Featherweight champion .
Hameed Hussain Sheikh Ismail ( 19 May 1901 - ? ) was the 5th Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
Elsa Masriera Campillo ( August 16 , 1912 , Chile - December 28 , 2009 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) , better known as Elsa del Campillo , was a Chilean actress who made her acting career in Argentina .
Yi So - yeon was born to father Yi Gil - soo and mother Jeong Geum - soon and raised in Gwangju , South Korea .
Rosa Rein ( née Karliner ; 24 March 1897 -- 14 February 2010 ) was a German - born Swiss supercentenarian and the oldest documented person who ever died in Switzerland .
Sue Carpenter ( born May 17 , 1956 in London England ) is a former United Kingdom newsreader and television presenter .
Jeannetta Margaret Blackie ( 19 June 1864 -- 4 May 1955 ) was a New Zealand governess , teacher and church administrator .
Hossein Fazeli ( born 12 June 1993 ) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a Winger for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League .
Kokhir Rasulzoda ( Tajik : Қоҳир Расулзода ; Persian : قاهر رسول‌زاده , Russian : Кохир Расулзада ; born 8 March 1961 ) is the Prime Minister of Tajikistan .
Joseph Paelinck , ( March 20 , 1781-June 9 , 1839 ) was a painter from the Southern Netherlands .
Bryan Tay Zhi Rong ( born 13 April 1988 in Singapore City ) is a Singaporean swimmer , who specialized in individual and relay freestyle events .
Pedro Vega Granillo is a pianist born in Hermosillo , Sonora , Mexico in 1959 .
After the Great Depression hit Estonia in the 1930s Theodor Luts produced mostly documentaries for a state subsidized film studio Eesti Kultuurfilm and also had a successful career in Finland .
In another controversial incident Maskiri also stole mangoes and bananas at a famous Harare market place Mbare Musika in 2008 during the hyper - inflation that hit through Zimbabwe , but the rapper has denied the allegations .
Harnam Singh Grewal ( 高禮和 ) CBE ED ( born December 5 , 1937 in Hong Kong ) is a career civil servant of Hong Kong .
Jamie Simpson born 6 September 1986 in Australia is a rugby league player for The Central Queenslad Capra 's , a feeder club for the NRL club the Brisbane Bronco 's in the Queensland Cup .
John Tejada ( born 21 April 1974 in Vienna , Austria ) , is an electronic music artist , music producer , DJ , and record label owner .
Osama al - Juwaili ( Arabic : أسامة الجويلي‎ ) is a Libyan commander who serves as Minister of Defence in the government of Abdurrahim El - Keib , Libya 's interim Prime Minister .
Walid Cherif ( born March 9 , 1978 ) is a boxer from Tunisia , who won the gold medal in 2003 at the All - Africa Games in Abuja , Nigeria .
Jean - Pierre Robert ( born 22 December 1956 , Tours , France ) is a French double bass player and author .
Kazi Syed Karimuddin MA , LLB ( 19 July 1899 , Yavatmal District , Maharashtra-14 November 1977 ) was a member of the Constituent Assembly of India that framed the Indian Constitution .
Denis Kornilov was the champion of Russia in 2005 on the large hill event in Mezhdurechensk .
Shawn Hicks ( born 10 July 1995 ) is a South African - born New Zealand cricketer who plays for Auckland .
Vernon Akitt Brown ( 23 March 1905 - -28 January 1965 ) was a New Zealand architect and university lecturer .
Abdul Hamid II ( Ottoman Turkish : عبد الحميد ثانی‎ , ` Abdü’l - Ḥamīd - i sânî ; Turkish : İkinci Abdülhamit ; 21 September 1842 -- 10 February 1918 ) was the 34th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire and the last Sultan to exert effective autocratic control over the fracturing state .
Joachim Piccolomini was born into a noble family of Siena , Italy .
Anja Garbarek ( born 24 July 1970 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer - songwriter of mixed Norwegian and Polish descent .
Odorannus of Sens ( c. 985 - 1046 ) was a Benedictine monk at the abbey of Saint - Pierre - le - Vif in Sens , France .
Yasmina Khadra ( Arabic : ياسمينة خضراء‎ , literally meaning `` green jasmine '' ) is the pen name of the Algerian author Mohammed Moulessehoul ( Arabic : محمد مولسهول‎ , born January 10 , 1955 , in Kénadsa , Béchar Province , Algeria ) .
René Muñoz ( February 19 , 1938 -- May 11 , 2000 ) was a Cuban actor and screenwriter of telenovelas and the cinema of Mexico .
Oliver Mandić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Оливер Мандић ; born July 13 , 1953 in Titovo Užice , Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian and Yugoslav rock musician , composer , and producer .
Lene Egeli ( born March 27 , 1987 , in Stavanger , Norway ) is a Norwegian beauty pageant contestant and model who won the title of Frøken Norge ( Miss Norway ) 2008 , on the 21st April 2008 .
Syd van der Vyver ( 1920 -- 20 August 1989 in Pennington ) was a racing driver from South Africa , who won the South African Drivers Championship in 1960 and 1961 .
Johann Caspar Seyfert ( 1697 , Augsburg , Germany -- 26 May 1767 , Augsburg , Germany ) was a German composer , violinist and lute player .
Lt . General Ipoola Alani Akinrinade CFR FSS was Chief of Army Staff ( COAS ) , Nigeria from October 1979 to April 1980 , and then Chief of Defence Staff until 1981 during the Nigerian Second Republic .
Fergal mac Máele Dúin ( died 11 December 722 ) was High King of Ireland .
Ahmet Bilek ( 1932 , Kula in Manisa , Turkey -- 1971 , Germany ) , was a Turkish Olympic champion sports wrestler in the flyweight class ( 52 kg ) and a trainer .
Mumtaz Bhutto was the founding member of the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) , former federal minister , Governor of Sindh and Chief Minister of Sindh .
Declan Hughes ( born 27 April 1973 ) is a former professional snooker player from Northern Ireland .
Louise Wischermann ( born February 25 , 1974 in Salvador , Brazil ) is a former actress who is best known for her appearance in the science - fiction television series LEXX .
Alfred Nijhuis ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɑɫfrɛt ˈnɛi̯ˌɦœy̯s ) , born 23 March 1966 in Utrecht , Netherlands ) is a former Dutch football player .
Hollis Smith ( June 24 , 1800 -- March 29 , 1863 ) was a businessman and political figure in Canada East , now part of the Canadian province of Quebec .
Herbert Junior Swan ( born January 20 , 1927 ) was the 18th Speaker for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in Canada .
Germain de Brie was born in Auxerre , France , where he first studied law .
Jacques - Enguerrand Gourgue ( Port au Prince , 1930 - -1996 ) was one of Haiti 's most renowned painters of the 20th century .
Gabriel Horacio González ( born November 13 , 1980 in General Gelly ( Santa Fe ) , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Club Unión ( Villa Krause ) in Argentina .
Rolf Fehlbaum ( born April 6 , 1941 , Basel ) is Chairman Emeritus and active Member of the Board of Directors of Vitra , a family - owned furniture company with headquarters in Birsfelden , Switzerland .
The last of nine children , Godspower Oboido was born in Benin City , Edo State , Nigeria .
From 2007 until 2008 , Lulinha was a member of the Brazil U-17 national squad .
Caroline de Barrau thought that women were prohibited from attending public universities in France more by custom than for legal reasons .
Armand Krajnc ( born August 7 , 1973 in Landskrona , Scania , Sweden ) is a Swedish boxer of slovenian origin who won the WBO World Championbelt in Middleweight and managed three defenses .
Graziano Delrio ( born 27 April 1960 ) is an Italian medical doctor and politician , who has served in the government of Italy as minister of infrastructure and transport since 2 April 2015 .
Ippocratis Bournellis , or DJ Grego ( February 7 , 1956 - September 16 , 2010 ) was a DJ and producer from São Paulo , Brazil .
Fredrik Meltzer Wallem ( 19 April 1837 -- 2 April 1922 ) was a Norwegian journalist and writer , known for his work for fisheries of Norway .
James Laurenson ( born 17 February 1940 ) is a New Zealand born stage and screen actor .
With the attainment of independence of the Republic of Estonia , Karl Ast entered politics .
Bashir Ahmad Bilour was born on 1 August 1943 in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa of Pakistan .
Ignacy Wyssogota Zakrzewski was born in Stary Białcz ( Greater Poland Voivodeship ) .
René Guyon was born at Sedan , Ardennes , and was involved in writing legal codes for Siam ( present Thailand ) and was the head judge of the supreme court of that country where he was given Thai name Phichan Bunyong ( Thai : พิชาญ บุญยง ) .
Mohammad Ridwan Hafiedz or Ridho ( born September 3 , 1973 , Ambon , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter .
Marcel Duchamp was born in Blainville - Crevon Seine - Maritime in the Upper Normandy region of France , and grew up in a family that enjoyed cultural activities .
George Garden ( c.1772 - -October 15 , 1828 ) was a Scottish - born businessman and political figure in Lower Canada .
Martin Buser ( born March 29 , 1958 in Winterthur , Switzerland ) is a champion of sled dog racing .
Ngola Kabangu ( born 14 February 1943 in Bairro Operário , Luanda Province ) is the President of the National Liberation Front of Angola ( FNLA ) , a political party in Angola .
Dil Humphrey - Umezulike , better known as Dilomprizulike ( born 1960 in Enugu , Nigeria ) is a contemporary artist working in sculpture , performance and painting who has adopted the moniker ' The Junkman From Africa ' .
Salvi Moreno ( born 1979 ) is a singer , songwriter and music producer born in Malaga , Spain .
Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz ( Arabic : محمد ولد عبد العزيز ; born 20 December 1956 ) is the President of Mauritania , in office since 2009 .
José de León Toral ( December 23 , 1900 - Mexico City , February 9 , 1929 ) was an anti - government Roman Catholic who assassinated general Álvaro Obregón , then - president elect of Mexico , in 1928 .
Emad Abdul - Ghani Sabouni ( Arabic : عماد عبد الغني الصابوني‎ ) ( born 1964 in Damascus ) is the current Minister of Communications and Technology of Syria .
Thomas Rådström ( born 22 January 1966 ) , nicknamed `` Rådis '' , is a rally and rallycross driver from Sweden .
Walisson Silva de Oliveira ( born January 30 , 1992 in Paraná , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for Montevideo Wanderers of the Primera Division in Uruguay .
Oliver Hermanus ( born 1983 , Cape Town , South Africa ) is a South African film director and writer .
Wilhelm Resetarits ( born 21 December 1948 in Stinatz , Austria ) , better known as Willi Resetarits and Dr. Kurt Ostbahn , is an Austrian singer , comedian and human rights activist .
Siamak Dadashi ( Persian : سیامک داداشی‎ , born 13 July 1974 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian futsal .
Joaquín de Santiyán y Valdivielso was Bishop of Urgell and ex officio Co - Prince of Andorra from 1772 to 1779 .
László Szatmári ( born May 18 1977 ) is a Hungarian motorcycle speedway rider who is a member of Hungary 's national team .
Egidijus Kavaliauskas ( born June 29 , 1988 in Kaunas , Lithuania ) is an undefeated Lithuanian professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division .
Princess Beatrice Bhadrayuvadi ( RTGS : Bi - e - trit Phatthrayuwadi ; Thai : บีเอตริศภัทรายุวดี ; 5 December 1876 -- 30 September 1913 ) , was the Princess of Siam ( later Thailand ) .
Angelo Mozzillo ( Afragola , October 24 , 1736 ) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque , active near Naples , Italy .
Under his presidency , Reggina won their first promotion into Italy 's top football club league Serie A. Pasquale Foti was fined £ 20,000 ( equivalent ) and banned from football for 2½ years for his involvement in the 2005 - 06 match fixing scandal .
Tòng Thị Phóng ( born 10 February 1954 in Sơn La Province ) is currently a Deputy Chairwoman of the National Assembly of Vietnam .
Cecilia Pantoja Levi ( Tomé , Chile , 21 October 1943 ) , better known simply as Cecilia , is a Chilean singer songwriter , member of the nueva ola music movement .
Nguyễn Hồng Tiến ( born 6 July 1985 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Defender for V - League club Hà Nội T&T and the Vietnam national football team .
Moisés Fuentes Rubio ( born 20 September 1985 in Mexico City , Distrito Federal , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light flyweight division and is a former WBO Minimumweight champion and a former interim WBO Light flyweight champion .
As a child , the young Hon . Daphne Guinness grew up in the country houses owned by her family in England and Ireland .
Sirio Carrapa ( born in Borgagne , Italy , 12 May 1952 ) is an Italian mystic and a unique Western Master of Surat Shabd Yoga or Sant Mat , who teaches and sets an example of practice of this spiritual path .
Leone Carpi ( 1810 or 1820 in Bologna , Italy -- 1898 ) was a Jewish Italian political economist and journalist who took part in the struggles of the Risorgimento .
Broery Pesulima or also known by the name Broery Marantika ( 25 June 1948 -- 7 April 2000 ) was a singer and musician born in Indonesia 's Ambon .
Jaspal Singh , professionally known as JSL Singh , is an Indian music director and singer from New Delhi , India .
Indradasa Hettiarachchi was a former Minister of Industries and Member of Parliament representing Horana in the Kalutara District , Sri Lanka .
Jake Kerbrat , formerly Jason Kerbrat ( born June 11 , 1985 ) , is an acclaimed singer / songwriter from northern British Columbia Canada .
Amelia Andersdotter was born on 30 August 1987 at Akademiska sjukhuset in Uppsala , Sweden , the first of three children .
Bevlyn Khoo 邱意淋 is a jazz pop singer songwriter based in Singapore .
Jagaddipendra Narayan Bhup Bahadur , K.C.I.E ( 15 December 1915 -- 11 April 1970 ) was Maharaja of Cooch - Behar , in India .
Callum Macrae grew up in Nigeria and Scotland .
Kristian Smeds has worked in Finland , Estonia , Belgium and Lithuania .
Alessandro Bignamini ( born November 24 , 1970 , Milan , Italy ) , is an Italian comic book artist , mostly known for his work on `` Mister No '' , `` Brad Barron '' , `` Greystorm '' and `` Orfani '' series .
Raja Ashfaq Sarwar , born at Holy Family Hospital in Rawalpindi , hails from the village of Ghora Gali in the Murree Hills and is the eldest son of Raja Ghulam Sarwar ( late ) a two - time member of West Pakistan Assembly .
Ewout Holst ( born 8 October 1978 in Den Haag , Zuid - Holland , Netherlands ) is a Dutch former freestyle and butterfly swimmer .
When Gandalf turned his proposal down , the Mouth of Sauron sets all the armies of Mordor to attack them .
Sanjeev Sane is a social worker and anti - corruption crusader from Thane , India .
Jack St. John ( September 20 , 1906 in Portage la Prairie , Manitoba -- May 7 , 1965 ) was a politician in Manitoba , Canada .
Rogelio Medina ( born September 16 , 1988 in San Luis Río Colorado , Sonora , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer and is considered one of the Best middleweight prospects in Mexico .
Baburam Acharya is known as the `` ITIHAS SIROMANI '' of Nepal .
Igor Sibaldi ( Milan , Italy , 15 June 1957 ) , born from Russian mother and Italian father , is an Italian writer , scholar of theology and history of religion .
Vlad Gribincea ( born April 22 , 1980 ) is a lawyer from Chişinău and Executive director of the `` Legal Resources Centre form Moldova '' .
Diego Mesaglio ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈdjeɣo meˈsaɣljo ) ; born February 20 , 1984 in Argentina ) is a well - known actor , musician and teen idol .
Daniel Goiți ( born 1968 in Reșița ) is a Romanian pianist and First Prize Winner of the prestigious George Enescu International Piano Competition , in its 1991 Edition , the first edition after the fall of Communism in Romania and also the first edition since 1970 .
Geoffrey Paillet ( born 22 December 1986 in Tours , France ) is a professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Remparts de Tours .
Kolbjørn Lyslo is a Norwegian musician from Tromsø , Norway , although he moved to Oslo in 1994 .
Major General Gabriel Amisi Kumba ( Tango Four ) was Chief of Staff of the Forces Terrestres , the army of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Surajbhan Singh is a former member of parliament ( MP ) of India .
Thongchai Rathchai ( Thai : ธงไชย รัฐไชย , born October 31 , 1982 ) simply known as Thong ( Thai : ธง ) is a professional footballer from Roi Et Province , Thailand .
Krzysztof Wielicki ( born January 5 , 1950 in Szklarka Przygodzicka , municipality Ostrzeszów , Poland ) is a Polish alpine and high - altitude climber .
Bajram Kosumi ( born 20 March 1960 , in Kosovska Kamenica , Yugoslavia - now Republic of Kosovo ) is an ethnic Albanian politician in Kosovo who served as the Prime Minister of Kosovo for nearly one year .
Mamitu Daska was born in Liteshoa in Ethiopia 's Oromia Region .
Cheryl Rixon ( born 12 October 1954 in Perth , Western Australia ) is an Australian actress and model .
Kim Sinclair ( born July 10 , 1954 ) is an Academy Award winning art director and production designer from New Zealand .
Yohannes IV ( Geez ዮሓንስ , Yōḥānnis ; 11 July 1837 -- 10 March 1889 ) , born Lij Kassay Mercha and formerly known in English as King John , was Emperor of Ethiopia from 1871 until his death in 1889 .
Tuğba Özay Fattizzo ( née Özay ; born February 10 , 1978 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish model - turned - singer and a famous star in Turkey .
Ashur Bet Sargis was born in Baghdad , Iraq to an Assyrian family .
Miloš Koterec ( born on 11 October 1962 in Partizánske ) is a career diplomat from Slovakia .
Alejandro Bustillo ( 18 March 1889 - 3 November 1982 ) was an Argentine painter and architect who left his mark in various tourist destinations in Argentina , especially in the Andean region of the Patagonia .
Rajendra Desai is former Mayor of Surat , India and a senior Bhartiya Janata Party polition .
Juri Schlünz ( born July 27 , 1961 in East Berlin , East Germany ) is a German former footballer who became a coach .
Dutch violinist Frederieke Saeijs ( born in The Hague , Netherlands , on 25 January 1979 ) is the winner of the First Grand Prize as well as four special Prizes of the 2005 International Violin Competition Marguerite Long - Jacques Thibaud in Paris , France .
Robert Lindemann ( January 28 , 1884 in Paderborn , Germany - October 1975 ) was a German - American clarinetist .
Helen Townsend ( born 16 August 1969 ) is a New Zealand secondary school teacher and Olympic softball player from Christchurch .
Horacio Malvicino ( born 20 October 1929 , Concordia , Entre Rios Province , Argentina ) is a jazz and tango electric guitarist and composer who played for many years with the tango musician Ástor Piazzolla in several of his ensembles .
Petros Christodoulidis ( Greek : Πέτρος Χριστοδουλίδης ) , born March 4 , 1975 in Greece , is the current bass player of the Power metal band Firewind .
Ruby Moscoso de Young served as First Lady of Panama from September 1 , 1999 to September 1 , 2004 , during the presidential administration of her younger sister Mireya Moscoso .
Fernando Lewis ( born 31 January 1993 in The Hague , Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a right back for AZ in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Thomas Magarey ( 25 February 1825 -- 31 August 1902 ) was an Irish - born miller and pastoralist who , with his brother James , migrated to Nelson , New Zealand in 1842 ( aged 17 ) , and to Adelaide , South Australia in 1845 ( aged 20 ) .
Amable Dionne ( November 30 , 1782 -- May 2 , 1852 ) was a businessman , seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada and Canada East .
Hone Kouka is an acclaimed New Zealand playwright .
Hamid Reza Chitgar was born in the town of Babol in the Mazandaran province of Iran in 1949 .
Christophe Cocard , ( born 23 November 1967 , in Bernay , France ) is a former footballer .
Prof . Dr. Sevil Atasoy ( Hafize Hikmet Sevil Atasoy Ekinci ) , immediate past president of the UN International Narcotics Control Board born in İstanbul , Turkey ( February 25 , 1949 ) , is an internationally distinguished leader in the field of Forensic Sciences , substance abuse and addiction .
Harry Seidler , AC OBE ( 25 June 1923 -- 9 March 2006 ) was an Austrian - born Australian architect who is considered to be one of the leading exponents of Modernism 's methodology in Australia and the first architect to fully express the principles of the Bauhaus in Australia .
Michael Dorman ( born 26 April 1981 ) is a New Zealand actor based in Australia , best known for his work on the television series , The Secret Life of Us and his supporting work in such acclaimed films as Suburban Mayhem and West .
Rolandas Muraška ( born March 13 , 1973 ) is a retired Lithuanian professional tennis player and a former member of Lithuania Davis Cup team .
Angelika Neuwirth ( born in 1943 ) is a professor of Quranic studies from Freie University , Berlin , Germany .
Imran Sahib ( born 12 October 1982 ) is a former Singapore international footballer who plays for Tampines Rovers .
Tariq Ramadan was born in Geneva , Switzerland on 26 August 1962 to an Egyptian Muslim family .
Sonja Licht ( Serbian : Sonja Liht , Соња Лихт , Hebrew : סוניה ליכט‎ , born 1947 in Subotica , Serbia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a sociologist and political activist .
Jacek Wszoła ( born December 30 , 1956 in Warszawa , Poland ) is a Polish gold and silver Olympic medalist in high jump .
José Ladrönn ( born 1967 ) is a comic book penciller and inker born in Veracruz , Mexico .
Margaret Johnston ( 10 August 1914 , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia -- 19 June 2002 , Kingston upon Thames , England ) was an Australian - born British actress .
Bryn Terfel Jones was born in Pant Glas , Caernarfonshire , North Wales , the son of a farmer .
Nistor Grozavu is a Moldovan architect , politician and he is the deputy - mayor of the Chişinău ( the capital of the Republic of Moldova ) .
Robert Jack Duarte Wallace ( born April 7 , 1986 in Mexico City , Distrito Federal ) is a Mexican actor and singer .
Alice Muloki ( 19 November 1929 -- 6 November 2005 ) was the Inhebantu ( queen consort ) of Busoga Kingdom in Uganda .
Rita Boley Bolaffio ( Trieste , Italy , 7 June 1898 - New York , USA , 20 May 1995 ) was an artist who was instrumental in reintroducing collage and decoupage into the United States .
Suraj Sharma was born and brought up in a Malayali family in New Delhi , India .
Nhek Dim was born on February 12 , 1934 in Reap village , Reap commune , Pea Reang District , in Prey Veng Province , Cambodia .
Diego Amozurrutia Landa Torres ( born August 31 , 1990 in Mexico City , Distrito Federal Mexico ) is an actor and model simply known as recurrent Diego Amozurrutia , known for being the protagonist ( co - estelar ) of Amorcito Corazon of Televisa
Maria Orwid ( 23 July 1930 -- 9 February 2009 ) was a Polish psychiatrist , one of the pioneers of the psychiatry of children and family in Poland .
Shambhu Rai ( Nepali : शम्भू राई ) or Sambhu Rai is renowned singer of Nepal .
Rafael Ángel Calderón Fournier ( born in Diriamba , Nicaragua , on 14 March 1949 ) served as President of Costa Rica from 1990 to 1994 .
Leroy `` Junior '' Russell ( born 4 November 1987 ) , better known by his stage names Tommy Lee and more recently Tommy Lee Sparta , is a dancehall artist from Montego Bay , Jamaica .
Raam Lalchand Pridhani ( aka Raam Soraya and Ram Soraya ) is an entrepreneur and film producer from Indonesia .
Dr. Nandini Nimbkar is an American academic from India , and current President of the Nimbkar Agricultural Research Institute ( NARI ) .
William Paltridge ( 1834 -- 8 May 1890 ) , born in Devonshire , was a politician in the early days of the colony of South Australia .
G. K. Govinda Rao is a writer , intellectual , Professor of English and Kannada film actor from Karnataka , India .
Ike Uzoma ( born February 05 , 1978 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a former Nigerian footballer currently played for clubs of Nigeria , Uruguay , Mexico , Chile and Kuwait .
Sheema Kalbasi ( Persian : شیما کلباسی‎‎ ) was born in Tehran , Iran on 20 November 1972 and grew up in Pakistan and Denmark .
Alfonso de Valdés was born c. 1490 in Cuenca , Castile , Spain .
Chandrasiri Gajadeera is a Sri Lankan politician , a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and Minister of Rehabilitation and Prisons
A son - in - law of the Qianlong Emperor of China , Mingrui was appointed by the emperor to lead a 50,000-strong invasion force led by the elite Manchu Bannermen in the third campaign of the Qing invasions of Burma .
Lâm Uyển Nhi ( born on 5 May ? in 1975 in Nha Trang -- died on 13 October in 2007 in Hanoi ) was a former beauty contestant winner from Vietnam .
Evelyn Freda White ( 10 November 1909 -- 14 August 1995 ) was a notable New Zealand show - jumper and racehorse trainer .
Kaleem Saadat Rana , NI(M ) , ( born 12 December 1951 ) , is a retired four - star air officer who was the Chief of Air Staff of the Pakistan Air Force from 2003 to 2006 .
Stefanie Gossweiler ( born 4 January 1988 ) is a model from the Canton of Zürich in Switzerland , who was crowned Miss Earth Switzerland 2007 .
Dante Mircoli ( born 12 March 1947 in Rome ) is a former Italian - Argentine footballer and coach who spent the majority of his career in Argentina .
Jürgen Fauth ( born August 4 , 1969 in Wiesbaden , Germany ) is a German - American film critic , translator , editor , photographer , and author .
Monique van de Ree ( born 2 March 1988 ) is a road cyclist from the Netherlands .
Moussa Traoré ( born 25 September 1936 ) is a Malian soldier and politician who was President of Mali from 1968 to 1991 .
Fariba Rezayee ( Persian : فریبا رضایی‎ ) ( born September 3 , 1985 ) is an Afghan judoka , who is perhaps best known as one of the first two women athletes from Afghanistan to compete in the Summer Olympics .
Sir Olateru Olagbegi II , Olowo of Owo ( August 1910 -- 1998 ) was the King ( Olowo ) of Owo , an ancient city which was once the capital of an Eastern Yoruba city state in Nigeria .
Alain - Fournier was born in La Chapelle - d'Angillon , in the Cher département , in central France , the son of a school teacher .
Abdullah Ercan ( born 8 December 1971 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a retired Turkish international footballer .
In 1985 Thomas Aigner was awarded the most popular radio presenter in Austria by readers of the teenage magazine `` MusicMan '' .
André Ngongang Ouandji ( born 1936 in Bamena , Ndé department , West Province , Cameroon ; died 27 June 2007 in Brussels , Belgium ) was a Cameroonian politician and diplomat .
Tan Sri William Cheng Heng Jem ( Chinese : 钟廷森 ; pinyin : Zhong Tingsen , born 1943 ) is the chairman of Lion Group Malaysia , a conglomerate having diversified businesses encompassing retail , property development , mining , steel , agriculture and computer .
Kikko Solaris is a Producer - DJ and one of the pioneers of electronic music in Italy .
Taaha Shah was born in Abu Dhabi , the capital city of United Arab Emirates , to Shah Sikkander Badusha and Mahnaz Sikkander Badusha , who are from South India .
Ku Meng - yu ( Chinese : 顧孟餘 ; pinyin : Gù Mèngyú ) was a politician in the Republic of China .
Nuttanon Kadchapanan ( Thai : ณัฐนนท์ กัจฉปานันท์ , born 7 June 1993 ) is a tennis player from Thailand playing on the ATP Challenger Tour .
Sebastien signed with Saddle Creek Records in the USA , Outside Music in Canada and JVC in Japan to release his debut solo album , entitled `` Sebastien Grainger & The Mountains '' , which was released on 21 October 2008 .
Hieronimo Miani , also known as Hieronymus Miani , was an Italian history painter , who worked in Denmark as both a painter to the royal court of King Christian VI , and as a teacher .
Max Westenhöfer ( February 9 , 1871 -- September 25 , 1957 ) was a German pathologist and biologist who contributed to the development of the anatomic pathology and the reform of public health in Chile .
Robert Ajavon ( born April 10 , 1910 in Lome , Togo ) was a Togolese politician who served in the French Senate from 1952 - 1958 .
Khaled Habib El - Kebich ( born January 24 , 1970 in Tiaret , Algeria ) is an Algerian singer - songwriter , film director , composer and an actor .
Viktor Khomchenko ( Ukrainian : Віктор Вікторович Хомченко ; born 11 November 1994 in Volyn Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for the Ukrainian Premier League club Volyn Lutsk .
Long Jinguang ( Chinese : 龙觐光 ) ( 1863 -- 1917 ) was an ethnic Hani Chinese general of the late Qing and early Republican period of China .
Héctor Beltrán Leyva is also credited with rising rates of violence within Mexico , as his organization is reportedly responsible for kidnapping , torture , murder , and various other acts of violence against numerous men , women , and children in Mexico .
Muhammad Latif Khosa ( Urdu : محمد لطیف کھوسہ‎ ) was the Governor of Punjab , and a politician representing Pakistan People 's Party .
Roman Kofman ( Ukrainian : Кофман Роман Ісаакович ; born 15 June 1936 ) is a Ukrainian composer , conductor , music educator and People 's Artist of Ukraine ( 2003 ) .
Somrit Ornsomjit ( Thai สมฤทธิ์ อ่อนสมจิตร ) is a former Thailand national team player .
Wendy Blunsden ( born 9 February 1942 ) captained the Australia national women 's cricket team in one Test match and played a total of seven tests .
Baron Frans Van den Bergh ( 1914 -- 21 October 1990 ) was a Belgian businessman , who founded the cigar factory Alto in Turnhout , Belgium , and who would become one of the leading managers of Janssen Pharmaceutica .
Allan McFarlane Esq . ( 10 April 1792 -- 11 March 1864 ) was a Scottish pastoralist and parliamentarian in the The Murray and then Mount Barker districts of the Colony of South Australia .
Krzysztof Zygmunt Pac ( Lithuanian : Kristupas Zigmantas Pacas ) ( 1621 - -1684 ) was a Polish nobleman and the Chancellor ( 1658 - -1684 ) of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania .
Isaac Casaubon ( /kəˈsɔːbən/ ; French : ( kazobɔ̃ ) ; 18 February 1559 -- 1 July 1614 ) was a classical scholar and philologist , first in France and then later in England , regarded by many of his time as the most learned man in Europe .
Louise Jöhncke ( born 31 July 1976 in Stockholm ) is a former freestyle swimmer from Sweden , who competed for her native country at two consequentive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 .
John Charles Watts - Russell JP ( 1825 -- 2 April 1875 ) was a 19th - century New Zealand politician , a member of the Canterbury Provincial Council and a member of the Legislative Council .
Frank Bungarten is a classical guitarist from Germany .
Louis Pouzin ( born 1931 in Chantenay - Saint - Imbert , Nièvre , France ) invented the datagram and designed an early packet communications network , CYCLADES .
Brian Harold Mason ( 18 April 1917 -- 3 December 2009 ) was a New Zealand geochemist and mineralogist who was one of the pioneers in the study of meteorites .
Elias Xitavhudzi was a serial killer who murdered 16 men and women in Atteridgeville , South Africa in the 1950s .
Bojan Regoje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бојан Регоје ; born December 2 , 1982 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer playing for the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina club Olimpic Sarajevo since 2011 .
Mohammed Mahdi Akef ( Arabic : محمد مهدى عاكف ) ( born July 12 , 1928 ) was the head of the Muslim Brotherhood , an Egypt - based Islamic political movement , from 2004 until 2010 .
In January 2007 , Paulo Musse returned to Brazil for Bahia , Vitória 's city rival , started the 2007 Copa do Brasil matches .
Olivier Nägele ( born 17 March 1972 ) is a Liechtenstein born ski mountaineer .
Born Clara Decima Norman in Tammin , Western Australia , Decima 's parents died when she was young , and she was adopted by her brother and his wife , who lived in Perth .
Zenon Nowak ( 27 January 1905 -- 21 August 1980 ) was a Communist activist and politician in the People 's Republic of Poland .
Chung Min - tae ( Hangul : 정민태 , Hanja : 鄭珉台 ; born March 1 , 1970 in Incheon , South Korea ) is a former pitcher in the Korea Baseball Organization and Nippon Professional Baseball , and the current pitching coach of the Hanwha Eagles .
Worrawech Danuwong ( born May 16 , 1984 in Suphan Buri , Thailand ) , mainly known as Dan , is a singer from the popular Thai boy band D2B that included two other members , Kawee Tanjararak ( Beam ) and Panrawat Kittikorncharoen ( Big ) .
Martin Kohli ( born 8 May 1942 in Solothurn / Switzerland ) is a Sociologist who has been working at the European University Institute ( EUI ) in Florence since 2004 .
Abhilash Mallick ( born 21 November 1991 ) in Cuttack , Odisha , India is an Oriya cricketer .
Sîdîyîk Ibrahim H. Mîrzî ( known in Romanian as Sadîc Ibraim ) ( 1909 - 1959 ) was a Crimean Tatar spiritual leader , imam , Mufti of the Muslim community of Romania , and activist for ethnic Tatar causes .
David Tarka ( born 11 February 1983 in Perth , Western Australia ) is an Australian association footballer , who played 2 games for the national team .
Snežana Samardžić - Marković ( Serbian pronunciation : ( sněʒana sǎmardʒitɕ mǎːrkoʋitɕ ) ) ( Serbian Cyrillic : Снежана Самарџић-Марковић , born March 10 , 1966 , Belgrade , Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian politician who has been the Council of Europe 's Director General for democracy since February 2012 .
Agostinho Mondlane ( born 21 November 1959 ) is a Mozambican politician who has served as Mozambique 's Minister of Defence since 2014 .
Christiaan Karel Appel was born on 25 April 1921 in his parents ' house at Dapperstraat 7 in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Brad Farrow ( born October 5 , 1956 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a retired judoka from Canada , who represented his native country at two Summer Olympics : 1976 and 1984 .
Hone Tuwhare ( 21 October 1922 -- 16 January 2008 ) was a noted New Zealand poet of Māori ancestry .
Dr José Tomás de Sousa Martins ( 7 March 1843 -- 19 August 1897 ) was a doctor renowned for his work amongst the poor in Lisbon , Portugal .
Julio Julián ( Mexico City , 15 August 1935 ) is a Mexican operatic tenor , primarily known for zarzuela .
Anders Winroth ( born 1965 in Ludvika in Sweden ) is a professor of medieval history at Yale University .
William George Sinclair ( born 2 June 1989 ) , better known by his stage name Willy Moon , is a New Zealand - born musician , singer , songwriter and producer .
James Hutton Kidd ( 12 September 1877 - -24 October 1945 ) was a New Zealand horticulturist and community leader .
Alexi Kaye Campbell was born Alexi Komondouros in Athens , Greece , to a Greek father and British mother .
Thomas Winther Andersen ( born 29 April 1969 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian born , now Amsterdam - based jazz musician ( double bass ) , married to jazz singer Henriette Andersen .
Vilas Muttemwar ( orig . Muthyamwar ) ( born 22 March 1949 ) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Madame Nadine Wulffius ( 1899 - -1992 ) was a ballet dancer and choreographer and the founder of her own Ballet School in Maddington , Western Australia .
Maya Bouskilla was born to a religious Moroccan - Jewish family in Netanya , Israel .
Syed Abrar Hussain Gilani , better known as Shakir ul Qadri , ( Urdu : شاکرالقادری ‎ ) is an Urdu poet and author from Pakistan and Islamic scholar of Sufismin Chishti Order .
Stanisław Dragan ( 21 November 1941 in Sadkowa Góra , Poland -- 21 April 2007 in Kasinka Mała , Poland ) is a boxer from Poland .
Alan Belkin 's works have been played in Canada , Mexico , Europe , and the United States .
In 2012 Tania Zaetta was one of 12 celebrities who participated in Season 2 of The Celebrity Apprentice Australia .
Nicholas II Garai ( Hungarian : Garai Miklós II , Croatian : Nikola II Gorjanski ; 1367 - -1433 ) was the Palatine of Hungary from 1402 until 1433 and the ban of Macsó , Usora , Só , Slavonia , Croatia and Dalmatia .
Bob Sheens was a rugby league footballer in Australia 's major competition the New South Wales Rugby League ( NSWRL ) .
Sergei Gaidukevich ( born 8 September 1954 , Minsk , Belarus ) was the Liberal Democratic Party candidate in the 2001 , 2006 , and 2015 elections for the office of President of Belarus .
Syed Azhar Saeed ( born 25 December 1970 in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan ) is a former cricketer who played international cricket for the United Arab Emirates .
Peter Schiergen ( born 23 March 1965 in Willich , West Germany ) is a former German champion jockey and a Thoroughbred racehorse trainer .
Tinga Stewart ( born Neville Stewart , c.1955 , Kingston , Jamaica ) is a reggae singer .
Lien Deyers , stage name of Nicolina Dijjers Spanier , ( 5 November 1909 , in Amsterdam -- March 1982 ) , was a screen actress from the Netherlands , who worked in the German film - industry .
He was born in Crinkill Barracks , King 's County ( now County Offaly ) , Ireland , where his father ( also named Henry George Farmer , d. 1900 ) was serving in the Prince of Wales 's Leinster Regiment of the British Army .
Willms Buhse ( born 3 November 1970 in Langenhagen , West Germany ) is a German business executive , author , speaker and consultant based in Hamburg .
Eugen Rozvan ( Hungarian : Jenő Rozvány ; Russian : Евгений Георгиевич Розвань , Evgeny Georgiyevich Rozvan ; December 28 , 1878 - -June 16 , 1938 ) was a Hungarian - born Romanian communist activist , lawyer , and Marxist historian , who settled in the Soviet Union late in his life .
Jeanne Henriette Louis ( often spelled Jeanne - Henriette Louis ) , born in 1938 in Bordeaux , is professor emeritus of civilization in North America at the University of Orleans , France .
Werner Stark was born in Marienbad , Austrian Empire ( now in the Czech Republic ) , to parents of Jewish origin .
John Sproule Mills ( 1887 -- October 28 , 1972 ) was an Irish - born politician in Canada .
Léon Mébiame ( 1 September 1934 -- 18 December 2015 ) was a Gabonese politician who was Prime Minister of Gabon from 1975 to 1990 .
Benito Rosales acted briefly as the 23rd President ( then called Supreme Director ) of Nicaragua between 8 March and 1 April 1849 .
May Birchard ( died July 30 , 1968 ) was a municipal politician and poverty activist in Toronto , Canada .
Amr Singh ( born 26 April 1985 , in Cape Town , South Africa ) is a film director based in Cape Town , South Africa .
Babatunde Kwaku Adadevoh ( October 4 , 1933 -- October 5 , 1997 ) was a Nigerian Physician , educational administrator and former Vice chancellor of the University of Lagos Nigeria .
Benny Greb ( born on June 13 , 1980 in Augsburg , Germany ) is a prolific German drummer and clinician .
Hughie Williams ( born 3 September 1933 ) is the former State Secretary of the Queensland Branch of the Transport Workers Union of Australia .
Kali Gwegwe ( born 2 July , 1969 in Oguta , Imo State , Nigeria ) is the former Chairman of Bayelsa United F.C. , a Nigerian Premier League outfit based in Yenagoa , Bayelsa State .
Amanmurad Hommadov ( born January 28 , 1989 in Tejen , Turkmen SSR ) is a Turkmenistan hammer thrower .
Civil engineer and graduate of MIT ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology ) , Emmanuel de Buretel was appointed in 1986 CEO of Virgin Publishing France by Richard Branson and went on to sign artists such as Youssou Ndour , Cheb Khaled , Mano Negra , Les Négresses Vertes .
Stephanie Tauevihi is a New Zealand songwriter , singer and actress , known for her work as the fictional character , Donna Heka , in the New Zealand television series Shortland Street .
Teresa María Rojas is a Cuban writer , educator , director , and actress born in Havana , Cuba .
Moses Amadu Yahaya is a Ghanaian building technician , politician and the current Member of Parliament for the Kumbungu constituency in the Northern Region of Ghana .
Sigvart Dagsland ( born 18 October 1963 in Stavanger , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer , pianist and composer .
Edith Klestil ( née Wielander ; 13 November 1932 -- 29 March 2011 ) was the first wife of Thomas Klestil , the former federal president of Austria .
Tatjana Ječmenica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Татјана Јечменица ; born July 4 , 1978 in Novi Sad , Vojvodina , SR Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former professional tennis player from Serbia .
Ben Agbee is an artist of Ghana .
Puran Rana Tharu ( Nepali : पुरण राना थारु ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Steve Millen ( born 17 February 1950 ) is a retired New Zealand IMSA racecar driver .
Muhammad Mustafa Mero ( Arabic : محمد مصطفى ميرو‎ ) ( born 1941 ) is a former Prime Minister of Syria who was in office from 7 March 2000 to 10 September 2003 .
Jean - Paul Troadec ( born October 14 , 1948 in Saint - Renan , Finistère , France ) is a French aerospace engineer and public servant .
Alaba Jonathan ( born 1 June 1992 Calabar , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian Football - player .
Margaret Caro ( 17 December 1848 - -19 May 1938 ) was a New Zealand dentist , seventh - day adventist and social reformer .
Nicole Valéry Grossu ( born Nicoleta Valeria Bruteanu , July 4 , 1919 , Turnu Măgurele , Romania - December 14 , 1996 , Paris , France ) was a Romanian Christian writer , journalist and anti - communist activist .
Héctor Federico Carballo ( born March 14 , 1980 in Morón , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for CA Mitre in Argentina .
Emil Hassler ( 20 June 1864 -- 4 November 1937 ) ( French : Émile Hassler , Spanish : Emilio Hassler ) was a Swiss physician , ethnographer , naturalist and botanist well known for his collections and contributions to the description of the flora and culture of Paraguay .
Eldar Mahmudov Ahmad oglu ( Azerbaijani : Eldar Mahmudov Əhməd oğlu ) is an Azerbaijani politician formerly serving as the Minister of National Security of Azerbaijan Republic .
Badruddin Ahmad ( 17 August 1912 , Patiala , India - 19 March 1981 , Karachi , Pakistan ) was a pioneer in the field of Civil aviation .
Francisco Álvares was a chaplain - priest and almoner to King Manuel I of Portugal .
Laurent Wéry ( born in Aalst , Belgium 1975 ) is a Belgian DJ and producer .
Enygma was born in Kampala , Uganda but spent his childhood in London , England .
Ursula Werner is a German actress born September 28 , 1943 in Eberswalde , Germany .
Benjamin Parkyn Richardson ( 22 July 1857 - 8 August 1910 ) was a member of the first North - West Legislative Assembly in Northwest Territories , Canada , from 20 June 1888 until 10 October 1891 .
Kariattil Mar Ousep ( 5 May 1742 -- 10 September 1786 ) was the first native Indian to be appointed as Archbishop of the Syrian Catholics in the territory now comprising Kerala , India .
James Colledge Pope , PC ( June 11 , 1826 -- May 8 , 1885 ) was a land proprietor and politician on Prince Edward Island ( PEI ) , Canada .
Magdalena Wójcik ( born September 2 , 1975 in Krasnystaw , Poland ) is a Polish singer and lead member of the Polish band Goya .
Apiwat Chaemcharoen ( Thai อภิวัฒน์ แจ่มเจริญ ) , is a Thai futsal Midfielder , and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team .
Jan van Ispelen ( born 12 April 1941 in Schönebeck ) is a retired boxer , who was born in Germany but competed for the Netherlands .
Mervat Amin ( Arabic : ميرفت أمين‎ ) ( Born : November 24 , 1946 ) , is an Egyptian actress in El - Menya in Egypt .
Liudas Jakavicius - Grimalauskas ( 10 August 1910 , Riga , Latvia -- 3 July 1998 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a famous Lithuanian pianist , composer and theatre director .
Ronald Koone Sebego is a member of the Pan - African Parliament from Botswana and the National Assembly of Botswana .
Sir Adam Mortimer Singer , KBE , JP ( 25 July 1863 -- 24 June 1929 ) was an Anglo - American landowner , philanthropist , and sportsman , who was one of the earliest pilots in both France and the United Kingdom .
Kamil Jankovský ( born 10 March 1958 ) is a Czech politician , who served as Minister of Regional Development of the Czech Republic from July 2010 to July 2013 .
Arjarn Tong Trithara ( born on the 3rd of March , 1952 in Banpan , Ayutthaya Province , Thailand ) is a Thai - born Muay Thai instructor and former Muay Thai boxer .
Nyree Dawn Porter OBE ( 22 January 1936 -- 10 April 2001 ) , born Ngaire Dawn Porter ( `` Nyree '' is the phonetic spelling of her birth forename ) , was a New Zealand - born stage , film and television actress .
Nils Grevillius ( March 7 , 1893 , Stockholm -- August 15 , 1970 , Mariefred , Sweden ) was a Swedish conductor and violinist .
Ogbogu Okonji was born in Ogboli Quarters in Ibusa , Oshimili - North Local Government Area , Delta State , South - south , Nigeria .
Laura Tanguy ( born August 2 , 1987 in Angers ) is a French beauty pageant contestant who was elected second runner - up of Miss France 2008 .
Ibrahima Diallo ( born 26 September 1985 ) is a footballer from Guinea who plays as a left back for Angers .
Dominique Sarron ( born August 27 , 1959 in Riom , Puy - de - Dôme ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from France .
In Russia Solomon Volkov is also well known due to his dialogues with Joseph Brodsky , collected and published in 1998 .
Lyubov Kiryukhina - Tsyoma ( born 19 May 1963 , Russian : Любовь Кирюхина-Цёма ) is a retired middle - distance runner who represented the Soviet Union and later Russia .
Marcos Galperin was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina to a wealthy family , owner of SADESA , one of the largest leather sellers companies in the world .
Chaudhry Aitzaz Ahsan ( Punjabi , Urdu : چودھری اعتزاز احسن‎ ; b. 27 September 1945 ) is a Pakistani people barrister , veteran activist - politician , constitutional theorist and a left - wing statesman who serves as the Leader of the Opposition in the Senate of Pakistan .
Ligi Sao ( born 11 October 1992 in New Zealand ) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League .
Anthony Seuseu is a former New Zealand rugby league player .
Navin Maharaj ( born 1939 ) is a Fiji Indian businessman , former mayor of Suva and member of the House of Representatives of Fiji .
Kenny McFadden is an American former professional basketball player who currently works in coaching and development of basketball in New Zealand .
Yolanda Ordaz de la Cruz ( 1963 -- 26 July 2011 ) was a crime reporter that had worked for nearly three decades for Notiver , the largest - circulation newspaper in Veracruz , Mexico .
Salomon Isacovici ( 1924 in Sighetu Marmaţiei , Romania -- 1998 ) was a Jewish Holocaust survivor who became a writer and businessman in Ecuador .
Zain Verjee ( born February 11 , 1974 ) is journalist who was born and raised in Kenya .
Noel Monkman ( 1896 - -1969 ) was an Australian filmmaker , born in New Zealand , best known for specialising in underwater photography .
Downstreet was the first of several books Lawrence Bransby wrote and won the MER Prize in South Africa .
Katerina Ksenyeva ( born December 5 , 1975 , Russian : Катерина Ксеньева ) is a New York - based singer , composer , actress , author and journalist from Saint Petersburg , Russia .
William Thomas Henry ( January 2 , 1872 -- September 11 , 1952 ) was a politician , real estate agent and businessman in Alberta , Canada .
Thomas Graikos ( born 18 March 1991 , in Greece ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Football League club Zakynthos , as a Right back .
Alessandro Sartori is an Italian fashion designer born in Biella , Italy in 1966 .
Olugbenga Ashiru ( 27 August 1948 -- 29 November 2014 ) was Foreign Minister of Nigeria from 2011 to 2013 .
Nabo Gass ( * 25 . August 1954 in Ebingen , Germany ) is a German painter and glass artist .
Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto , also known as Dudu ( born February 2 , 1980 , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer , who has currently plays for Bonsucesso Futebol Clube .
Jean Althen ( Hovhannès Althounian ; 1709 - -1774 ) was an Iranian - Armenian agronomist who developed the cultivation of madder in France .
Ammara Noman ( Urdu : عمارہ نعمان‎ ) is a Pakistani chef who rose to prominence after winning the title of first MasterChef Pakistan .
Luigi Lucioni was born on November 4 , 1900 in Malnate , Italy , which lies in a mountainous region approximately 30 miles north of Milan , in the foothills of the Alps near the border between Italy and Switzerland .
Frank Liivak ( born 7 July 1996 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Spanish club Alcobendas Sport and the Estonia national football team .
Emiliano Brembilla ( born 21 December 1978 in Ponte San Pietro , near Bergamo ) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy .
María Amparo Escandón ( born June 19 , 1957 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican born , US citizen .
Dariusz Jabłoński ( born 1961 ) is a Polish film director and producer , president of his own production company , Apple Film Productions , and one of the leading independent producers in Poland .
Tha Feelstyle was born in Samoa and moved to New Zealand in the 1980s .
John McBeth ( born 31 May 1944 ) is an author and journalist from New Zealand , with the majority of his career spent in Southeast Asia .
Tchort with fellow Green Carnation performer Kjetil Nordhus , established his own record label , Sublife Productions in Kristiansand , Norway , on 1 July 2005 .
Giannis Tatasopoulos ( Greek : Γιάννης Τατασόπουλος ) ( born 7 January 1928 , in Kifissia , Greece ) was a Greek musician and renowned bouzouki master , soloist , and composer who achieved a number one hit in the national Greek charts in the 1950s and appeared a number of times on Greek national television .
Muriel Smith was the first woman in Canada to serve as a deputy premier .
Seyed Majid Hosseini ( Persian : مجید حسینی‎‎ , born 20 June 1996 in Karaj ) is an Iranian football Defender , who currently plays for Rah Ahan in Iran 's Premier League football .
Alexander Archipenko was born in Kiev , ( Russian Empire , now Ukraine ) in 1887 , to Porfiry Antonowych Archipenko and Poroskowia Vassylivna Machowa Archipenko ; he was the younger brother of Eugene Archipenko .
He was chairman of Sergio Bonelli Editore ( formerly known as CEPIM ) , one of Italy 's major comics publishers ( titles include Tex , Dylan Dog , Mister No and many others ) .
Slobodan Uzelac , Ph.D. , ( Serbian : Слободан Узелац , born in Kakma on August 9 , 1947 ) who served as Vice Prime Minister of Croatia for Regional Development , Reconstruction and Return .
Martha Namundjebo - Tilahun is a Namibian businesswoman and a former president of the Namibia Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( NCCI ) .
Muhammad Mansur Ali ( Bengali : মোঃ মনসুর আলী ; 1919 -- November 3 , 1975 ) was a Bangladeshi politician who was a close confidante of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , the founding leader of Bangladesh .
Farida Mohammad Ali ( Arabic,فريدة محمد علي ) ( born 1963 in Kerbala , Iraq ) is an Iraqi singer .
Glen Black is a former New Zealand rugby league referee .
David Kraiselburd was born into a working - class Ukrainian Jewish family in Berisso , an industrial city north of La Plata , Argentina , in 1912 .
Christopher de Souza ( Chinese : 迪舒沙 , Tamil : கிறிஸ்தபர் டி சூசா ; born 21 January 1976 ) is a member of the Singapore Parliament and a practising litigation partner at the Singapore - based law firm Lee & Lee .
Herman de Coninck was born in Mechelen , Belgium , where his parents ran a Catholic bookshop .
Charles Bonar Sirait ( born at Jakarta , March 19 , 1971 ) is a television presenter in Indonesia .
Ana María Ortiz ( born 1989 ) is a Bolivian beauty queen and model and Bolivia 's delegate to Miss World in 2006 .
Eliza Gordon ( 29 January 1877 -- 15 June 1938 ) was a New Zealand nurse , midwife and welfare worker .
John Jones Ross , PC ( August 16 , 1831 -- May 4 , 1901 ) was born in Quebec City , Canada .
Victor Gu ( full name Victor Gu Chian Peow , born in 1977 in Damansara Utama , Malaysia ) is a former NTV7 newscaster , was an active debater at Universiti Malaya .
Bart Willoughby ( born 12 September 1960 ) is an Indigenous Australian musician , noted for his pioneering fusion of reggae with Indigenous Australian musical influences , and for his contribution to growth of Indigenous music in Australia .
Lope Recio Loynaz ( August 23 , 1860 - July 24 , 1927 ) was a Cuban military man , and the military general of Cuba .
Georgi Semerdzhiev ( Bulgarian : Георги Семерджиев ) ( born 8 August 1986 ) is a football striker from Bulgaria currently playing for Sportist Svoge .
Jim Abercrombie ( born `` James Maskell '' in South Australia ( 1880 - 1948 ) ) was an Australian rugby league player for the Wests Magpies in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition , he also played rugby union for North Sydney and Glebe .
Karen Stintz ( born c. 1970 ) is a former City Councillor in Toronto , Canada .
As a group of five Mecca2Medina ( M2 M ) performed at many Islamic events around the United Kingdom .
R. V. G. Menon is a professor of engineering in Kerala , India .
Daniel Lins Côrtes ( born 12 December 1979 in Niteroi , Brazil ) , nicknamed Daniel , is a Brazilian - born New Zealand footballer .
Antonio Martínez Sarrión ( born 1939 in Albacete , Spain ) , poet and translator .
Ahmed Evariste Medego ( born 7 April 1982 ) is a Chadian international football striker who currently plays for Gazelle FC in the Chad Premier League .
Leonel Morales ( born 2 September 1988 , Coripata , Bolivia ) is a Bolivian football Left back who plays for Sport Boys Warnes on loan from Bolívar in the Liga de Futbol Profesional Boliviano .
Antonio Monticini ( 1792 - 1854 ) was an Italian choreographer , ballet dancer , and composer who was active in major theatres throughout Italy during the first half of the 19th century .
Peter Pennoyer FAIA ( born on February 19 , 1957 in New York City , New York , United States of America ) is an award - winning architect and principal of Peter Pennoyer Architects in New York City .
Salaheddine Saidi ( Arabic : صلاح الدين السعيدي‎ -- born 6 February 1987 , Marrakech ) is a Moroccan international footballer who plays for Wydad Casablanca in the Botola and also for Morocco national football team .
Gustavo Gabriel Levene was born on August 30 , 1905 , in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca , Catamarca , Argentina where he begins his elementary studies , later moving to Buenos Aires , where he finishes his secondary studies .
Bharat Kalicharan , alias Akku Yadav ( 1972-August 13 , 2004 ) , was a 32-year - old alleged rapist and murderer in India who , on August 13 , 2004 , was lynched by a mob of around 200 women from Kasturba Nagar .
Alfredo Da Silva was born February 20 , 1935 during the end of an inconclusive Chaco War between Bolivia and Paraguay .
Annah Mac is a New Zealand singer - songwriter , producer and musician .
Crown Prince Soulivong Savang ( born May 8 , 1963 ) , grandson of the last King of Laos Savang Vatthana , is the pretender to the Lao throne .
Zarina Baloch ( Sindhi : زرينه بلوچ‎ ) ( December 29 , 1934 in Allahdad Chand Village , Hyderabad , Sindh , Pakistan -- October 25 , 2005 in Karachi ) was a Pakistani folk music singer , vocalist and composer .
Claudio Silva da Fonseca ( Carioca ) ( born November 3 , 1979 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Unión La Calera of the Primera División in Chile .
Li Guixian ( Chinese : 李贵鲜 ; born August 1937 ) is a retired politician of the People 's Republic of China , and a former governor of People 's Bank of China .
Neville Lederle ( born 25 September 1938 in Theunissen , Orange Free State ) is a former racing driver from South Africa .
Renuka Ray ( 1904 - -1997 ) was a noted freedom - fighter , social activist and politician of India .
Shafqat Amanat Ali was born into a Muslim family in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan to Ustad Amanat Ali Khan , on 26 February 1965 making him the ninth generation of Patiala Gharana .
Asirwadham Christopher Asir ( 5 December 1947 -- 3 February 2012 ) was the bishop of Madurai Ramnad Diocese of Church of South India .
Tom Herron ( 14 December 1948 -- 26 May 1979 ) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Lisburn , County Antrim in Northern Ireland .
Hetty Balkenende ( also spelled Hettie , born c. 1939 ) is a former freestyle swimmer and synchronized swimmer from the Netherlands who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1954 European Aquatics Championships .
Joseph Parrenin ( born May 16 , 1941 , in Trévillers , France ) is the incumbent first Vice - President of the Franche - Comté Regional Council .
Major - General ( retired ) Mamman Kontagora ( April 20 , 1944 -- May 29 , 2013 ) was Military Administrator of the Federal Capital Territory , Nigeria during the transitional regime of General Abdulsalam Abubakar , handing over control to a civilian in May 1999 .
Air Chief Marshal Pratap Chandra Lal ( December 1916 -- August 1982 ) was the Chief of Air Staff ( India ) of the Indian Air Force during the Indo - Pakistan War of 1971 .
Subash Gajurel ( Nepali : सुवास गजुरेल ) is a film director from Nepal .
Eric Moyo ( born 1982 , Zimbabwe ) is a Zimbabwean singer and the first ever winner of Idols East Africa a version of the Idol series .
Thomas Janeschitz ( born June 22 , 1966 ) is a retired Austria international footballer , and a football coach who is currently with the national team in a coach development program .
Václav Simon was a Czech professional football manager active primarily in Sweden with Malmö FF , IS Halmia , AIK , Vinbergs IF , Halmstads BK and Trelleborgs FF .
Ataullah Bogdan Kopański ( born in 1948 ) is a European historian of Central and Eastern Europe , especially of Muslims in this region , today based in Malaysia .
Sir Mohammed Anwar Pervez OBE , HI ( Urdu : سر انور پرویز‎ ) , ( born March 1935 ) is a Pakistan - born British businessman .
Bernd Erbel ( born 11 December 1947 in Simmern , Germany ) is a German diplomat and is the former Ambassador of the Federal Republic of Germany in Iran ( October 2009 - October 2013 ) .
Amitava Roy ( born 1 March 1953 ) is the judge of the Supreme Court of India and former Chief Justice of the Odisha High Court and Rajasthan High Court .
Henry Zakka ( born July 29 , 1956 , Caracas , Venezuela ) , is a Venezuelan actor and director .
Tohnain Anthony Nguo better known as Magasco aka `` Bamenda Boy '' is a Cameroonian Afro - pop / afro - beats artist from the northwestern part of Cameroon .
Amina Masood Janjua , ( Urdu : آمنہ مسعود جنجوعہ‎ ) : born 28 April 1964 , originally a painter and a poetess , is known for her struggle against enforced disappearance in Pakistan .
Christine Kaufmann is dubbed as the `` most beautiful grandmother in Germany '' .
Manu Sharma is one of several high - profile criminals brought to trial in India through media activism .
During the 1960s , Othello Radou was commissioned by the French State to execute several murals for various scholastic establishments throughout France .
Malcolm Wakeford was born in Dartford , near London , England and emigrated to Australia with his family at age 11 .
For West Germany Jupp Kapellmann came to action in five games in between 1973 and 1974 , but could not land himself a regular participation .
Antanas Merkys ( pronunciation ; 1 February 1887 -- 5 March 1955 ) was the last Prime Minister of independent Lithuania , serving from November 1939 to June 1940 .
Craig Marriner ( born 1974 ) is a novelist from Rotorua , New Zealand .
Jon Olsson born in Mora ( 17 August 1982 ) , Sweden is a professional freeskier and alpine ski racer .
Miklós Németh ( ˈmikloːʃ ˈneːmɛt ) ( born 14 January 1948 , in Monok , Hungary ) is a Hungarian economist and politician , who served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 24 November 1988 to 23 May 1990 .
Ove Fundin ( born 23 May 1933 in Tranås , Sweden ) is a former speedway rider who won the Speedway World Championship Final five times ( 1956 , 1960 , 1961 , 1963 , 1967 ) , only bettered by Ivan Mauger and fellow Swede Tony Rickardsson who each won six World Championships .
Nadine Chandrawinata ( born May 8 , 1984 ) was Puteri Indonesia ( Miss Indonesia Universe ) or literally Princess Of Indonesia 2005 , and a delegate representing Indonesia in the 2006 Miss Universe Pageant .
Fabrizio Mejía Madrid ( born 1968 ) is a Mexican writer and journalist from Mexico City .
Kuhan Shanmuganathan ( born 23 July 1976 ) is a retired field hockey player from Port Dickson , Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia .
Hieronim Malecki was the son of Jan Malecki ( sometimes referred to as `` Jan Sandecki '' or `` Jan Sandecki - Malecki '' ) , who was a printer of Polish language Lutheran religious literature in Królewiec ( Königsberg , now Kaliningrad ) in Ducal Prussia , then a fief of Kingdom of Poland .
Christoph Heemann ( born 1964 in West Germany ) , is a German musician .
Daniel Rosas Reyes ( born September 18 , 1989 in Mexico City , Distrito Federal , Mexico ) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Bantamweight .
Andrew Timlin ( born June 15 , 1974 ) is a retired field hockey player from New Zealand , who was a regular member of the men 's national team , nicknamed The Black Sticks , during the 1990s .
Tan Sri Datuk Amar Stephen Yong Kuet Tze ( born 1921 - 2001 , Sarawak , Malaysia ) was a former Cabinet Minister in Malaysia .
Natalia Avelon ( born 29 March 1980 , Wrocław , Poland ) is a Polish - German actress and singer .
Paddy Berry ( Patrick Joseph Berry ) , born 12 October 1937 , is a traditional Irish singer from Wexford , Ireland .
N. P. Chellappan Nair ( 1903 - 1972 ) was a playwright and short story writer from Kerala , India .
Stevan Sremac was born in Senta in Bačka region ( then part of the Austrian Voivodeship of Serbia and Banat of Temeschwar ) on 11 November 1855 .
Francis Cleyn was born in Rostock in Germany , and while a youth displayed such abilities that he was retained in the service of Christian IV of Denmark .
Richard J. Lewis is a television and film director born in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Stanisław Krajewski ( born 1950 ) is a Polish Jewish philosopher , mathematician and writer , activist of the Jewish minority in Poland .
Rachmat Nadi Witoelar Kartaadipoetra or Rachmat Witoelar ( born June 2 , 1941 in Tasikmalaya , West Java ) was the State Minister of Environment of Indonesia in 2004 - 2009 .
Vice - Admiral Muftau Adegoke Babatunde Elegbede ( c. 1939 -- 19 June 1994 ) or Tunde Elegbede was Chief of Nigeria 's Defence Intelligence Agency from July 1986 to January 1990 and Military Governor of Cross River State , Nigeria between July 1975 and October 1978 .
Stefan Jansen ( born July 4 , 1972 in Veghel , Noord - Brabant ) is a former football striker from the Netherlands , who started his professional career in the 1990 - 1991 season for Roda JC .
Maria de Medeiros was born in Lisbon , Portugal , the daughter of musician and composer António Victorino de Almeida .
Richard Orjis ( born 1979 ) is an artist based in Auckland , New Zealand .
T. Shankaranaryanan Nandakumar ( T. S. Nandakumar ) was born on 17 March 1958 in Ambalappuzha , Kerala , India .
Cavayé Yéguié Djibril ( born c. 1940 ) is a Cameroonian politician who has been the President of the National Assembly of Cameroon since 1992 .
Mani Ram Bagri ( 1 January 1920 -- 31 January 2012 ) ( चौधरी मनी राम बागड़ी ) was a politician from India .
Agathangjel Mbrica was born in Berat , a city in southern Albania in 1883 .
Tim Boys ( b. 19 February 1984 in Oamaru , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand Rugby Union player that plays provincial rugby for Southland , and is in the Super Rugby team the Highlanders .
Lóránt Oláh ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈloːraːnt ˈolaː ) ; born 23 November 1979 in Senta ) is an Ethnic Hungarian football striker from Serbia .
William MacCormac was born in Belfast , Northern Ireland , the son of Dr Henry MacCormac , a notable Northern Irish physician , and his wife Mary MacCormac ( née Newsam ) , the daughter of a prominent Anglo - Irish family .
Aditya Puri is the Managing Director of HDFC Bank , India 's second largest(after ICICI ) private sector bank .
Nashenas ( Pashto / Dari : ناشناس ) , born as Sadiq Fitrat Habibi , ( Pashto / Persian : صادق فطرت ) is one of the oldest surviving musicians from Afghanistan .
Charalambos Katsimitros ( Greek : Χαράλαμπος Κατσιμήτρος ; 1886 - -1962 ) was a Greek general who distinguished himself during the Italian invasion of Greece .
Born in Midelt , Morocco , Khalid Skah established himself first as a good cross country runner by winning the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 1990 and 1991 .
Hazrat Shaikh Hafiz - e - Hadis Moulana Muhammad Abdullah Darkhawasti ( 1887 - -1994 ) ) was an eminent Deobandi Islamic scholar of Pakistan .
Roberto Valera Chamizo ( b. Havana , 1938 ) is a Cuban composer and pedagogue that has a made a substantial contribution to the development of music in Cuba .
Jean Nicolaï ( 1594 at Mouzay in the Diocese of Verdun , France -- 7 May 1673 at Paris ) was a French Dominican theologian and controversialist .
Saturnino Calderón de la Barca y Collantes ( 1799 - 1864 ) was a Spanish noble and politician who served as Minister of State from 1858 to 1863 , during the reign of Queen Isabella II of Spain and in a cabinet headed by Leopoldo O'Donnell , 1st Duke of Tetuan .
After being expelled from Egypt by Gamal Abdul Nasser for his activities , Said Ramadan moved to Saudi Arabia where he was one of the original members of the constituent council of the Muslim World League , a charity and missionary group .
Kavita Roy ( born April 10 , 1980 in Hajipur , Bihar ) is a former One Day International cricketer who represented India .
Manuel Gregorio Tavárez Ropero ( November 16 , 1843 -- July 1 , 1883 ) , was a Puerto Rico 's classical and danza composer .
Tercio Sampaio Ferraz Jr. is a Brazilian jurist and author of several legal philosophy books used in law schools throughout Brazil .
Mohamed Sid Ali Djouadi ( born 13 December , 1951 ) represented Algeria in the 800 m at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games he finished 5th in his heat and failed to advance .
Alfonsas Andriuškevičius ( born November 18 , 1940 in Vilkaviškis , Lithuania ) is a poet and art historian .
Kiranmoy Nanda began his political activism in the All India Students Federation ( the student wing of the Communist Party of India ) .
Vasily Vasilievich Struve ( Russian : Василий Васильевич Струве ) ( February 2 ( O.S. January 21 ) 1889 in Petersburg , Russian Empire -- September 15 , 1965 in Leningrad ) was a Soviet orientalist from the Struve family , the founder of the Soviet scientific school of researchers on Ancient Near East history .
Bahadur Singh Bhobia ( Hindi : चौधरी बहादुरसिंह भोबिया ) ( 1882 - -1924 ) was a social reformer from Rajasthan state in India .
Pierre Boquin was probably born after 1518 in Guyenne in Western France .
Garth Erasmus ( born July 1956 , in Uitenhage , Eastern Cape , South Africa ) is a South African artist who works in several media , including painting , Garth 's work is represented in several art collections , including the National Museum of African Art and the Smithsonian Institution .
Gilberto Hernández Ortega ( 1924 - -1978 ) was an artist from the Dominican Republic .
Pascal Guyon is an award winning musician , producer , arranger , and songwriter originally from Erbray , France .
Xannon Shirley , better known by the stage name The Tongue , is a musical artist from Sydney , Australia , and is signed to Australian independent label Elefant Traks .
Olympiakos have announced the acquisition of Brown Ideye and the West Bromwich Albion side also revealed through a statement posted on their official website that the Nigeria international is heading to Greece .
Isaac Broid Zajman ( b. Mexico City , November 20 , 1952 ) is a Mexican architect and designer .
Nagendra Prasad Rijal ( April 1927 -- 1994 ) was the Prime Minister of Nepal from July 16 , 1973 to December 1 , 1975 , and from March 21 , 1986 to June 18 , 1986 .
Dariusz Gawin ( born February 2 , 1964 ) is a Polish historian and sociologist , deputy director of the Warsaw Uprising Museum ( Muzeum Powstania Warszawskiego ) dedicated to the memory of the Warsaw Uprising of 1944 , and located in the Wola district of Warsaw , Poland .
A contemporary of Skanderbeg , Dukagjini is known for the Kanuni i Lekë Dukagjinit , a code of law instituted among the tribes of northern Albania .
Hans Henrik Palm ( born 19 July 1956 in Kgs . Lyngby , Denmark ) is a retired Danish boxer , who became European welterweight champion in 1982 .
Johann Andreas Stumpff ( 27 January 1769 -- 2 November 1846 ) , born in Germany , was a maker of pianos and harps in London .
Akezhan Kazhegeldin ( Kazakh : Әкежан Мағжанұлы Қажыгелдин , Qazaq : Äkejan Mağjanulı Qajıgeldïn ; born on 27 March 1952 ) served as the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan until he resigned in October 1997 , ostensibly for health reasons , though many saw it as an act protesting authoritarianism in Kazakhstan .
Murat Akyüz ( born August 13 , 1981 in Bakırköy , Turkey ) is a Turkish football player who plays for Adana Demirspor as a fullback .
Sue Wootton ( born 1961 ) is a New Zealand writer , specialising in poetry and short fiction .
Sir Walter Clarke Buchanan ( 20 June 1838 -- 19 July 1924 ) was a New Zealand politician who became a member of the Reform Party that formed in 1909 .
Akira Machida ( 町田 顯 Machida Akira , October 16 , 1936 -- April 5 , 2015 ) was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Japan from 2002 to 2006 .
Sumit Nijhawan ( born 28 December 1978 ) is an Indian actor residing in Mumbai , India .
Nebojša Kaluđerović ( born 1955 in Nikšić , Montenegro , Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin politician and diplomat , who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs briefly in 2012 .
Shahid Aziz ( Urdu : شاہد عزیز‎ ) , is a Pakistani military author , intelligence writer , and retired three - star ranking general officer of the Pakistan Army .
Piotr Tomaszewski ( born 1974 ) is a classical guitarist from Poland .
Joe Mihevc ( born February 24 , 1954 ) is a city councillor in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
In memory of his father , Jasraj organises a musical festival every year called the Pandit Motiram Pandit Maniram Sangeet Samaroh in Hyderabad , India .
Aluf Gadi Shamni ( born 1959 ) is a general in the Israel Defense Forces and currently Israel 's military attaché in the United States .
Stefan Németh ( born 1973 , Baden , Austria ) is an electronic musician and biologist .
Jan Cornelius van Sambeek was born on 23 April 1886 at Veldhoven , Netherlands .
By the 1990s , Marcos Suzano had become perhaps the most recorded and widely hailed percussionist in Brazil .
Sairi Forsman ( born 1964 in Mexico City , Distrito Federal ) is a Mexican sculptor of Danish descent .
Gisela Bolaños Scarton ( 5 April 1935 - 8 November 2013 ) was a Venezuelan pageant titleholder She is the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1953 , and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1953 pageant held in Long Beach , California , USA , on July 17 , 1953 .
He is the Chief Executive Officer , Chairman and Sole Owner of the Jim Pattison Group , the second largest privately held company in Canada , making him Canada 's 4th richest person .
Francesca Chiara Casellati ( born March 25 , 1972 in Padua , Italy ) is the singer and songwriter of the Italian band The LoveCrave .
Anna - Karin Kammerling ( born 19 October 1980 ) is a world - record breaking Swedish swimmer , who was born in Malmö , Sweden .
Neophytos Kyriacou ( born July 18 , 1995 in San Mateo , Rizal , Philippines ) , better known by his stage name Phytos Ramirez , is a Filipino - Greek actor , TV commercial and model .
Giorgi Saakadze the Grand Mouravi ( Georgian : გიორგი სააკაძე ) ( c. 1570 -- October 3 , 1629 ) was a Georgian politician and military commander who played an important but contradictory role in the politics of the early 17th - century Georgia .
Born in Äänekoski , Uolevi Manninen was involved in Finland 's most successful basketball team , which participated in the Tokyo Olympics in 1964 and finished in 11th place , and Finland finished sixth place in the European Championships held in 1967 .
Teo Bee Yen ( born 1950 in Fujian , China ) is a photographer from Singapore .
After arriving in southern Vietnam , Đào Duy Từ attempted to meet Lord Nguyễn Phúc Nguyên but failed .
Ragnvald Indrebø was born on 22 November 1891 in Os , a small municipality , just south of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
Ahmed Al - Hatmi ( born September , 27th in Rustaq , Oman ) is an Omani Double trap shooter .
Raffaella Modugno is an Italian model who was crowned Miss Curve d'Italia Lazio 2011 ( `` Miss Curvy Italy 2011 '' ) .
Stephen Anthony Ukpo ( born 16 July 1947 ) was Minister of Information and Culture , and then Governor of Rivers State , Nigeria from August 1986 until July 1988 during the military administration of General Ibrahim Babangida .
During his early years , Lisbon - born Dady played professionally with modest clubs in the Portuguese lower leagues , after unsuccessful stints with Boavista F.C. and Sporting Clube de Portugal .
Birchville Cat Motel is a one - man experimental music project formed by Campbell Kneale from Wellington , New Zealand .
Rozelle Scheepers ( born 27 September 1974 ) is an international cricketer who made one One Day International appearance for South Africa national women 's cricket team in 2000 .
Micheline Coulombe Saint - Marcoux ( 9 August 1938 -- 2 February 1985 ) was a Canadian composer and music educator who played an important role in the contemporary classical music scene of Canada and France from the late 1960s through the mid-1980s .
Blessed Giuseppe Girotti , O.P. ( 19 July 1905 - 1 April 1945 ) , was born in Alba , Cuneo , Kingdom of Italy .
Miron Babiak , ( January 31 , 1932 in Sanok , Poland -- September 25 , 2013 in Gdynia , Poland ) , was a Polish sea captain , who is best known for commanding Prof . Siedlecki Antarctica research ship .
César Canchila is a boxer from Colombia who fights in the light flyweight division , where he is a former WBO Latino and WBA Fedelatin champion .
Chris Pither ( born 3 December 1986 in Palmerston North ) is a New Zealand racing driver .
Ataullah Guerra ( born 14 November 1987 ) is a Trinidad & Tobago international footballer who is currently playing for Central FC in Trinidad and Tobago .
Affonso Giaffone ( born April 6 , 1968 , Santos , Brazil ) , is a former driver in the Indy Racing League .
Dan Păltinișanu ( 23 March 1951 -- 4 March 1995 ) was a football player , born in Bucharest , Romania , who played for ten years in the Politehnica squad .
Vésteinn Hafsteinsson ( born 12 December 1960 in Selfoss ) is a retired discus thrower from Iceland , who represented his native country at four consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1984 .
Luis Alberto Monge Álvarez ( born 29 December 1925 ) was the President of Costa Rica from 1982 to 1986 .
Michael Bleekemolen ( born 2 October 1949 in Amsterdam , the Netherlands ) is a former racing driver who raced for the RAM and ATS teams in Formula One .
Beñat Achiary ( born in Saint - Palais , Pyrénées - Atlantiques ) is a Basque vocal improviser who lives in southern France .
Donat Kurti was born in Shkodër , Albania ( back then Ottoman Empire ) .
Vicente Soriano Serra ( born 1953 in Puçol , Valencian Community , Spain ) is a Valencian businessman who became the president and majority shareholder of Valencia CF in 2008 , after reaching an agreement with Juan Bautista Soler to take over the presidency of the club and purchase Soler 's shares to the value of 70.7 million euros .
Koppány , also known as Cupan , was the Duke of Somogy in Hungary in the late 10th century .
According to the Institute of Legal Medicine of Colombia , the test verified that he is in fact the son of Clara Rojas .
Jeannine Compton - Antoine is the daughter of John Compton , former Prime Minister of Saint Lucia .
Balla Tounkara is a Kora player and singer from Mali .
Franz Magnis - Suseno ( born in Silesia in 1936 ) is a Jesuit priest of Indonesia .
`` Sweet Baby '' James Meston ( born 1975 ) is an Adelaide , Australia - based Blues guitarist who was named as Official Ambassador of the 2007 Australian Blues Festival .
Alexandre Herchcovitch ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( aleˌʃɐ̃dɾi heʁʃkoˈvitʃ ) , born on 21 July 1971 , in São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian fashion designer .
Amaechi Moshe is a Director in Platform Petroleum Limited , an Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Company wholly owned by Nigerians ; operator of the Egbaoma field ( formerly Asuokpu / Umutu ) located in Delta state , Nigeria .
Abdullah Mahmoud al - Khalidi was a Syrian Armed Forces major general who has been described as `` one of Syria 's foremost experts in aviation '' .
Tor Berger Jørgensen ( born 27 December 1945 in Oslo , Norway ) is the Bishop of the Diocese of Sør - Hålogaland in the Church of Norway .
Ferdinand Kramer ( January 22 , 1898 , Frankfurt , Germany-- November 4 , 1985 , Frankfurt ) was an important German architect and functionalist designer .
Adrienne Kennaway ( born 1945 , New Zealand ) is an illustrator and writer of children 's picture books .
Harbeth Fu Wing ( Chinese : 符泳 ; pinyin : Fú Yǒng ; Jyutping : fu4 wing6 ; born March 18 , 1980 ) is a Hong Kong former swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Nawapol Tantraseni ( Thai : นวพล ตันตระเสนีย์ , born March 9 , 1989 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Birinchi Kumar Barua ( born October 16 , 1908,Puranigudam , Nagaon , Assam , India , died 1964 ) was a scholar and eminent 20th century littérateur of Assam .
Rahul Vaidya ( Marathi : राहुल वैद्य ; born 23 September 1987 in Nagpur , India ) is an Indian singer .
Georges Friedmann was the founder of the sociology of work after World War II . In 1921 , after studying industrial chemistry , he entered a teacher training college on the rue d'Ulm , in Paris , France .
Salvador of Horta , O.F.M. , ( Spanish : Salvador d'Horta , Italian : Salvatore da Horta ) was a Franciscan lay brother from the region of Catalonia in Spain , who was celebrated as a miracle worker during his lifetime .
George Courtauld ( 1761 - -1823 ) was the founder of Courtaulds which was to become one the United Kingdom 's largest textile businesses .
George Vesey Stewart ( 1832 - -1920 ) was a notable New Zealand farmer , coloniser and local politician .
Son of Dave has recorded six albums to date and performed over eight hundred shows across Europe , as well as performing in Canada , the United States , Australia , South Africa , Uganda , Japan , Russia , and Cuba .
In 1587 , Arnoult de Lisle was appointed at 31 as the first professor of the chair of Arabic founded for him by Henry III of France at the Collège de France , and received the title of `` lecteur et professeur du Roy en langue Arabique '' .
Joaquim Tenreiro ( 1906 - -1992 ) was among the leading furniture designers and visual artists in mid-20th century Brazil .
Major General Aviv Kochavi ( born 1964 ) is an Israel Defense Forces officer .
Lennox Kilgour ( April 15 , 1927 -- 2004 ) was a weightlifter from Trinidad and Tobago .
Josey Wales , born Joseph Winston Sterling in St. Mary , Jamaica is an influential Jamaican dancehall deejay .
Francis Awe is an omoba of the Yoruba tribe of Nigeria .
John David Baskerville ( April 10 , 1857 -- January 31 , 1926 ) was a politician in Manitoba , Canada , serving in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1915 to 1920 .
Yoshinobu Takahashi ( 高橋 由伸 , born April 3 , 1975 ) is a Japanese professional baseball player from Chiba , Japan .
Zygmunt Mineyko ( Zygmunt Mineiko ; Polish : Zygmunt Mineyko ; Greek : Ζίγκμουντ Μινέικο ; 1840 -- 27 December 1925 ) was a Polish aristocrat , army officer , scientist and engineer who later became a public figure in Greece .
Jacques Renouvin ( 6 October 1905 -- 24 January 1944 ) was a royalist militant in France during the Second World War and hero of the French resistance .
Midhat Mursi al - Sayid Umar , also known as Abu Khabab al - Masri ( Arabic:مدحت مرسي السيـد عمر ) ( 29 April 1953 , Egypt -- 28 July 2008 , Pakistan ) was a chemist and alleged top bomb maker for al - Qaeda and part of Osama bin Laden 's inner circle .
Carlos Minc Baumfeld ( born July 12 , 1951 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian geographer , professor , environmentalist , politician and Minister of Environment in Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva 's second term as president of Brazil .
František Douda ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈfrancɪʃɛk ˈdou̯da ) ) ( October 23 , 1908 -- January 15 , 1990 ) was a Czech shot putter who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Bhawan Das is a Pakistani politician and parliamentarian , afflilated with Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) .
Hans Henrik Andersen ( May 1 , 1937 in Frederiksberg , Denmark -- November 3 , 2012 ) was a Professor at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen ( emeritus since 2004 ) .
Richard Sissons ( 1819 - -1893 ) was a notable New Zealand doctor and Anglican lay reader .
Blessed Maria Pierina De Micheli ( 1890 - -1945 ) was a Roman Catholic religious Sister who was born near Milan in Italy .
Malcolm McNeill is a jazz singer from New Zealand , based in Christchurch .
Porfi Medina ( born March 22 , 1987 ) is a fashion designer based in Manila , Philippines .
Majid Hosseinipour(Persian : مجید حسینی پور‎‎ ) ( born 1967 in Mashhad , Iran ) is a retired Iranian football player .
Roberto Fabbri is a classical guitarist , composer , teacher and writer born in Rome , Italy , in 1964 .
Sandjar Ahmadi is an Afghan footballer who currently plays for Hamm United FC and Afghanistan national football team .
Jean Lemaire de Belges ( c. 1473 -- c. 1525 ) was a Walloon poet and historian who lived primarily in France .
Tauno Frans Mustanoja ( 1912 - -1996 ) was a professor of English Philology and Literature at the University of Helsinki , Finland .
Ana Free ( born 29 June 1987 ) is the stage name of Ana Gomes Ferreira , a singer , musician , songwriter and performer who has had a series of top - five hit singles , including 4 number one hits , in Portugal .
Osman Güneş ( b. 1952 , Yozgat , Turkey ) , is a Turkish bureaucrat .
Sir Robert Wigram , 1st Baronet ( 30 January 1744 -- 6 November 1830 ) was a British merchant shipbuilder and Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons of Great Britain and of the United Kingdom between 1802 and 1807 .
Petra Robnik ( born 16 October 1984 in Blejska Dobrava , Jesenice , SR Slovenia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian alpine skier .
Abba Musa Rimi ( born 1940 ) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Deputy Governor of Kaduna State , Nigeria in October 1979 during the Nigerian Second Republic , becoming acting Governor when the Governor Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa was impeached on 23 June 1981 .
Ritt Bjerregaard was the European Commissioner for Environment , Nuclear Safety and Civil Protection in the Santer Commission from 1995 to 1999 , representing Denmark .
Tim Kash is a television presenter best known for formerly presenting Top of the Pops in the United Kingdom , and MTV News on MTV UK and Ireland .
Horacio Serpa Uribe ( born 3 January 1943 ) is a Colombian lawyer , politician and current Senator of Colombia .
Arthur Österwall ( Sven Artur Österwall , 6 March 1910 , Stockholm , Sweden -- 27 February 1990 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish band leader , composer , vocalist and musician ( double bass ) .
Harinder Singh Khalsa was born in 1947 , in Ludhiana , British India .
John Van Seters ( born Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , 2 May 1935 ) is a scholar of the Hebrew Bible ( Old Testament ) and the Ancient Near East .
Wong Kei - ying or Huang Qiying ( ca . 1815 - -1886 ) was a Chinese martial artist and physician who lived in the Qing dynasty .
Éric Delétang ( born May 2 , 1966 in Sidi Bel Abbès , Algeria ) is a former French - Algerian professional footballer .
Jaran Ditapichai ( born in Jangwat Phatthalung , Thailand ) .
Said Belqola ( Arabic : سعيد بلقولة‎ ) ( August 30 , 1956 -- June 15 , 2002 ) was a Association football referee from Morocco , best known for officiating the 1998 FIFA World Cup final between Brazil and France , being the first African referee to officiate a World Cup final .
Ricky Martinez ( born October 1 , 1978 in the Dominican Republic ) is a Dominican pornographic film actor , best known to perform autofellatio .
Aurélie Kamga ( born 18 June 1985 in Béziers , France ) is a French sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres and 400 metres .
Levent Çoker ( born 1958 ) is a Turkish musician , arranger , conductor and composer who represented Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest as a composer , arranger and conductor in 1996 and 1997 .
Jean - Claude Lenoir ( born 27 December 1944 in Mortagne - au - Perche ) is a contemporary member of the National Assembly of France .
Frederick Kisch was born to a British - Jewish family in the town of Darjeeling , India on 23 August 1888 , where his father Michael was head of the Indian Postal Service .
Estêvão Lopes Morago ( Spanish : Esteban Lopez Morago ) ( Vallecas , Spain , ca . 1575 -- Viseu , Portugal , after 1630 ) was a Spanish - born composer who studied , lived , worked and died in Portugal .
Private First Class Ramón Núñez - Juárez ( May 25 , 1931 -- August 9 , 1952 ) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross , second highest military award of the United States of America after the Medal of Honor .
Ingemar Backman ( born 1 April 1976 in Gällivare , Sweden ) is a professional snowboarder famous for setting the world record highest air out of a quarter - pipe ( 8.5 metres ) in Riksgränsen , Sweden in 1996 .
Ferdinando Provesi ( 1770 -- 1833 ) was a native of Parma , Italy .
Franjo Gregurić ( pronounced ( frǎːɲo grěgurit͡ɕ ) ; born 12 October 1939 ) is a Croatian politician who served as prime minister of Croatia from July 1991 to September 1992 .
Porcelain Raft or Mauro Remiddi ( born 1972 in Rome , Italy ) is a composer / song writer / musician .
Saori Sarina Ohno ( born 1970 in Tokyo , Japan ) is pianist , who was raised in Germany .
Khaled al - Khani ( born 17 February 1975 , in Hama , Syria ) is a Syrian painter , currently living in Paris .
Luis Román Rolón ( born July 13 , 1968 in Vega Baja ) is a retired boxer from Puerto Rico , who competed in the bantamweight ( -- 54 kg ) division .
Mohamed Abdelwahab Abdelfattah ( Arabic : محمد عبدالوهاب عبدالفتاح‎ ; b. Giza , Egypt , 1962 ) is an Egyptian composer of contemporary classical music and educator .
Rayén Araya ( Santiago de Chile , July 2 , 1981 ) is a Chilean television and radio journalist .
Radhakamal Mukerjee ( 1889 - -1968 ) , a leading thinker and social scientist of modern India , was Professor of Economics and Sociology and Vice - Chancellor of the University of Lucknow .
Oba Adesimbo Victor Kiladejo Adenrele Ademefun Kiladejo , or Jilo III , was appointed the 44th Osemawe , or traditional ruler of the Ondo Kingdom in Nigeria on 1 December 2006 .
Mel Rosenberg ( born Melvyn Rosenberg , 12 November 1951 in Winnipeg , Canada ) is a microbiologist best known for his research on the diagnosis and treatment of bad breath ( halitosis ) .
Hazim al - Shaalan al - Khuzaei ( born 1947 ) was Iraq 's Defence Minister from June 2004 until May 2005 under the Iraqi Interim Government of Ayad Allawi .
Pat Hannan was the last of six New Zealand oarsman who attempted to win the World Sculling Championship ( Professional ) title .
Philipp Reinhard Vitriarius ( February 17 , 1647 -- July 30 , 1720 ) was a jurist from Germany .
Ximena Abarca ( born September 24 , 1981 , in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean pop singer and actress .
Yann Tiersen was born in Brest in the Finistère département in Brittany in northwestern France , in 1970 , into a French family of Belgian and Norwegian origins .
Rubén Dundo ( born in San Isidro ( Buenos Aires ) , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Clubs of Argentina and Chile .
Tom Cullberg is an artist born in Stockholm , Sweden in 1972 .
Federico Richter Fernandez - Prada was born in Huanta , Peru , ordained a priest on July 14 , 1946 from the religious order of the Order of Friars Minor .
Dorval Rodrigues ( born February 26 , 1935 in Porto Alegre , Brazil ) is a former Brazilian international footballer who played for clubs of Brazil , Argentina and Venezuela .
José García de León y Pizarro , born in Santa Cruz de Marquis , Nueva Granada , Ecuador , ( 1770 -- 1835 ) was Minister of State ( First Secretary of State ) of Spain from October 30 , 1816 to September 14 , 1818 .
According to The Cambridge History of Iran , Baba Tahir spoke a certain Persian dialect .
Julio Ricardo Fierro ( born February 12 , 1990 ) is a compound archer from Mexico .
John Gordon Leggat ( 27 May 1926 -- 9 March 1973 ) played nine Tests for New Zealand in the 1950s as an opening batsman .
During his career , Steve Tambellini represented Canada on three separate occasions :
On 12 September 2012 Vladan Binić played with Serbia B , scoring once on his debut for the team on the 2 - 2 draw .
Laxman Aelay was born in Kadirenigudem in Nalgonda district , India to Chandraiah .
She achieved success in Sweden after the release of her debut album Agnetha Fältskog in 1968 , and reached international stardom as a member of the pop group ABBA , which has sold over 380 million albums and singles worldwide , making them one of the best - selling music artists in history .
Krešimir Čač ( born January 12 , 1976 in Zagreb ) is a butterfly and medley swimmer from Croatia , who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1996 .
Kaung Sithu ( Burmese : ကောင်းစည်သူ ; born 22 January 1993 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a striker for the Myanmar national football team and Myanmar U-22 football team .
Aben Humeya ( 1520 - -1569 ) , also known as Muhammad ibn Umayyah , was a Spanish leader who commanded the Morisco Revolt against Philip II of Spain in the Alpujarras region , near Granada .
Carl Mooers ( born September 29 , 1929 ) was a businessman and political figure in New Brunswick , Canada .
Rafał Buszek ( born 28 April 1987 ) is a Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland men 's national volleyball team and Polish club ZAKSA Kędzierzyn - Koźle , 2014 World Champion , Polish Champion ( 2013 , 2015 ) .
Klara Lidén ( born 1979 , Stockholm , Sweden ) is a contemporary artist .
Peter Ström ( born January 14 , 1975 , in Snöstorp , Sweden ) is a professional Swedish ice hockey right winger .
On April 26 , 1864 , Edward Kenny , with seven partners ( J.W. Merkell , T.C. Kinnear , James B. Duffus , William Cunard , John Tobin , G.P. Merkell and Jeremiah Nothup ) opened the Merchant 's Bank in Halifax ( later the Royal Bank of Canada ) .
Mami Higashiyama ( 東山麻美 Higashiyama Mami , born June 11 , 1977 in Himeji , Hyōgo Prefecture , Japan ) is a Japanese actress and singer , best known for her role as Miku Imamura / Mega Pink in the 1997 Super Sentai series Denji Sentai Megaranger .
Suh Sung - in ( Hangul : 서성인 ; born July 18 , 1959 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a former boxer from South Korea .
Ton Scherpenzeel ( Hilversum , Netherlands 6 August 1952 ) is a keyboardist and a founding member of the Dutch rock band Kayak , together with Pim Koopman and Max Werner whom he met whilst at the Hilversum Muziek Lyceum ( Hilversum College of Music ) .
In 1940 , with the invasion of France by German forces , Balthus fled with his wife Antoinette to Savoy to a farm in Champrovent near Aix - les - Bains , where he began work on two major paintings :
Ryta Turava ( Belarusian Рыта Турава ; Russian Rita Turova , Рита Турова , born 28 December 1980 ) is an athlete from Belarus , competing in race walking .
As a student , Marie - Christine Vergiat becomes a militant activist within the UNEF , especially during the strikes of 1976 against the reforms in France 's higher education system , and again in 1980 against the reforms of Alice Saunier - Seité .
Iván Roberto Duque Gaviria aka Ernesto Báez ( born May 9 , 1955 in Aguadas , Caldas ) is a Colombian paramilitary leader former member of the demobilized United Self - Defense Forces of Colombia ( AUC ) .
Nihat Özdemir ( born 5 April 1950 in Diyarbakır , Turkey ) is currently a board member of the Turkish Süper Lig football club giant Fenerbahçe SK .
Francisco Venegas ( c. 1525 - 1594 ) , was a Spanish painter active in Portugal in the last quarter of the sixteenth century .
Borys Hrinchenko was born on December 9 , 1863 in the khutir of Vilkhovy Yar , in the Kharkov Governorate of the Russian Empire ( today : Sumy Oblast , Ukraine ) .
Mohitlal Majumdar ( Bengali : মোহিতলাল মজুমদার ) ( October 26 , 1888 -- July 26 , 1952 ) , a renowned Bengali author , was born at Kanchrapara village in Nadia district , India .
Reda Doumaz ( born in 1956 in Algiers ) is an important figure of the chaâbi music in Algeria , known for his interpretation of hizia and moulet el ain elzarqa ( en - tr : the blue eyed lady ) .
Jean - Marc Prouveur ( born 17 December 1956 , St. Quentin , France ) is a French artist and filmmaker .
Born and raised in Val de Marne , near Paris , France , Philippe Di Folco studied Economics and Literature at School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences ( Paris ) .
Navy Commodore Anthony E. Oguguo was appointed military governor of Imo State in Nigeria from 1990 to 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Anghel Mora ( the pen name of Mihai Diaconescu ) was a film director , script writer , actor , poet , PR agency director , and folk musician from Romania .
Kepa Hamuera Anaha Ehau ( 5 November 1885 -- 10 February 1970 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader , law clerk , interpreter , soldier , historian , orator .
Lloyd Arntzen ( born September 19 , 1927 ) is a jazz clarinetist , folk singer , and soprano saxophonist from Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Mir Ranjan Negi is a field hockey player and former goalkeeper of the India national field hockey team .
Eugénie de Montijo , as she became known in France , was formally educated mostly in Paris , beginning at the fashionable , traditionalist Convent of the Sacré Cœur from 1835 to 1836 .
Pierre Droulers ( born 5 July 1951 in La Madeleine , France ) is a French and Belgian choreographer and dancer .
Bryan Okwara ( born Ikenna Bryan Okwara ; 9 November 1985 ) is a Nigerian actor and pageant contestant who won the title of Mr. Nigeria in 2007 and reached the semi - finals in the Mister World 2007 competition .
Romeo Tanghal was born and raised in the Philippines .
Born in east Kurdistan , Garmiani moved to Sweden at the age of 6 as a result of the Iran - Iraq war .
Gustavo Saba born July 24 , 1979 , is a rally driver from Paraguay who currently competes in the Codasur South American Rally Championship as well as the Argentine round of the World Rally Championship .
Jón Leifs was born Jón Þorleifsson , at the farm Sólheimar , then in the Austur - Húnavatnssýsla , northwestern Iceland .
In 1995 Kaspar Villiger apologized on occasion of an official visit by Dan Culler who was an internee in the Wauwilermoos internment camp during World War II . Dwight Mears , a U.S. Army officer , covered the apology in his 2012 PhD thesis on the American internees in Switzerland .
Yalavarthi Naveen Babu ( 29 May 1964 - 18 February 2000 ) , or simply Naveen , was a Naxalite leader in India .
Nasser Menassel ( born January 6 , 1983 , La Tronche , France ) is a French footballer of Algerian origin , who currently plays for the Cypriot side Enosis Neon Parekklisias .
Hugh Northcote ( 1 November 1868 - 12 August 1933 ) was an Anglican clergyman in New Zealand and writer on sex .
Adriana Nieto ( born Adriana Nieto Villanueva on March 13 , 1978 in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a semi - retired Mexican actress .
Pandit Hiralal Shastri ( 24 November 1899 -- 28 December 1974 ) was an Indian politician and the first chief minister of Rajasthan state in northern India .
Feyyaz Berker ( born October 7 , 1925 ) is a Turkish businessman , born in Mersin , Turkey .
Patrick Stanley Vaughan Heenan ( 29 July 1910 -- 13 February 1942 ) was a captain in the British Indian Army who was convicted of treason , after spying for Japan during the Malayan campaign of World War II . Heenan was reportedly killed by his wardens while in custody during the Battle of Singapore .
Ali Rida Pasha al - Rikabi ( 1868 -- 25 May 1943 ) , was the First Prime Minister in modern Syria , also Prime Minister of Jordan .
Bernardino of Fossa ( b. at Fossa , in the Diocese of Aquila , Italy , in 1420 ; d. at Aquila , 27 November 1503 ) was an Italian Franciscan historian and ascetical writer .
Mārtiņš Zībarts ( born February 15 , 1974 in Riga ) is a Latvian basketball coach , currently head coach of Latvia women 's national basketball team .
Divaldo Pereira Franco ( born May 5 , 1927 in Feira de Santana , Brazil ) is a prominent Spiritist speaker and medium .
Pampha Bhusal ( Nepali : पम्फा भुसाल ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Juan Carlos Rulfo Aparicio ( born January 24 , 1964 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican screenwriter and director son of author Juan Rulfo .
In 2000 , Riki Guy won first prize in the Vera Rozsa Vocal Competition , and later that year she won first prize in the `` Lions '' Vocal Competition , both in Israel .
Mousa Ghaninejad ( born 1951 in Tabriz , Iran ) is a senior Iranian economist .
Born in Cebu City , Philippines , Ingrid Sala Santamaria received her Bachelor of Music degree from the Battig Piano School in Cebu under her mother , Pilar Blanco Sala .
Danny Miranda Agramonte ( born November 12 , 1978 in Morón , Cuba ) is a first baseman for Ciego de Ávila of the Cuban National Series .
Juan Carlos Lomonaco ( born 1969 ) is Music Director and Conductor of the Yucatan Symphony Orchestra , in Mérida , Yucatán , Mexico .
John James Kinley ( October 15 , 1881 -- August 23 , 1971 ) was an industrialist , pharmaceutical chemist , journalist , ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Samuel Duncan Parnell ( 19 February 1810 -- 17 December 1890 ) was an early New Zealand settler often credited with the establishment of the eight - hour day in New Zealand .
Frederick Buscombe ( September 2 , 1862 -- July 21 , 1938 ) , was the 11th Mayor of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Ramiro Villapadierna ( Madrid , Spain , 1964 ) is a reporter and observer working on Centreuropean affaires and culture , and a former war correspondent .
Juan Alejandro Abaurre ( born September 11 , 1972 in Mendoza , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs in Argentina and Chile .
Robert Jacob Gordon was the son of Maj . General Jacob Gordon of the Scots Brigade ( 1572 - -1782 ) in the service of the Netherlands .
Coşkun Sabah ( 16 October 1952 , Diyarbakır , Turkey ) is a Turkish musician .
In October , 2011 , Karl Schroeder was awarded a Master of Design degree in Strategic Foresight and Innovation from OCAD University in Toronto , Canada .
Leverett George DeVeber ( sometimes spelled De Veber ) ( February 10 , 1849 -- July 9 , 1925 ) was a Canadian politician who served as Member of the Legislative Assemblies of Alberta and the North - West Territories , minister in the government of Alberta , and member of the Senate of Canada .
Maroto was born in the town of Lorca in the Region of Murcia , Spain , to Margarita Isern , a native of Barcelona , and Rafael Maroto , a native of Zamora .
Hugh McGillivray ( ca 1875 -- February 10 , 1959 ) was a politician in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Mahmut Demir ( 21 January 1970 in Amasya , Turkey ) , is a former Turkish Olympic medalist , World and European champion sports wrestler in the Super heavyweight class ( > 100 kg ) .
John Bell Condliffe ( 23 December 1891 -- 1981 ) was a New Zealand economist , university professor and economic consultant .
General Ayinla Kollington is a musician from Ilota , a village on the outskirt of Ilorin , Kwara State , Nigeria .
Tomasz Wylenzek ( Polish : Tomasz Wylenżek ) ( born January 9 , 1983 in Nowe Chechło , Silesia , Poland ) is a German sprint canoer who has competed since the early 2000s .
Bartolommeo Genga ( 1518 - -1558 ) was an Italian architect who was born in Cesena , Italy .
Constanzo Beschi , also known under his Tamil name of Vīramāmunivar ( Tamil : வீரமாமுனிவர் ) or Constantine Joseph Beschi ( in English ) ( 8 November 1680 -- 1742 ) was an Italian Jesuit priest , Missionary in South India , and renowned poet in the Tamil language .
Nen Sothearoth played for Cambodia 's under 21 team at the 2012 Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy , making his debut in a 2 - 1 losses to Vietnam .
Juan Jose Landaeta ( born 1978 - 10 - 07 ) is a professional boxer from Venezuela .
Michael Loebenstein ( born 26 August 1974 in Vienna , Austria ) is the CEO of the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia and is currently serving his second term as Secretary General of FIAF , the International Federation of Film Archives .
Francisco José de Caldas ( 4 October 1768 -- 28 October 1816 ) was a Colombian lawyer , naturalist , and geographer who was executed by orders of Pablo Morillo during the Reconquista for being a precursor of the Independence of New Granada ( modern day Colombia ) .
José María Pinilla Fábrega ( November 28 , 1919 -- August 10 , 1979 ) was Chairman of the Provisional Junta of Panama from October 12 , 1968 to December 18 , 1969 .
' t Hof van Commerce is a Belgian hip hop crew from Izegem in the province West Flanders in Flanders , the Dutch - speaking part of Belgium .
John McDonald Mowat ( February 17 , 1872 -- October 7 , 1916 ) was a lawyer and politician in Ontario , Canada .
Seyyal Taner ( born September 28 , 1952 , in Şanlıurfa , Turkey ) is a Turkish singer and actress .
Nicomedes Guzmán ( June 25 , 1914 in Santiago , Chile -- June 26 , 1964 , also in Santiago ) , was a Chilean writer , editor , poet , and novelist .
Filippo Tamagnini ( born 30 January 1972 ) is a Sammarinese politician who was a Captain Regent ( head of government for San Marino ) for the April to October 2011 political term .
María Luisa Landín Rodríguez was born on 9 October 1921 in the Tepito neighborhood of Mexico City , Mexico to Magdalena Rodríguez , a singer , and Irineo Landín , a guitarist .
Khosrow Bagheri Noaparast ( in Persian : خسرو باقری نوع پرست ) is an Iranian philosopher , educational theorist and the president of Philosophy of Education society of Iran ( PESI ) .
Rika Noguchi ( 野口里佳 Noguchi Rika , born 1971 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese photographic artist who lives and works in Berlin .
Deyan Vatchkov ( Bulgarian : Деян Вачков ) , born April 8 , 1979 , in Sofia , Bulgaria is a Bulgarian Opera Singer Bass .
Johan Voltmar ( born c. 1685 ) was a German musician and composer , who lived in Copenhagen , Denmark from c. 1711 , together with his family .
Rodica Mateescu ( born Rodica Petrescu on March 13 , 1971 in Bucharest ) is a former triple jumper from Romania .
A main street in Hanoi and many places in Vietnam are named in honour of Trần Nhật Duật .
Kwon Yeo - sun was born in Andong , North Gyeongsang Province of South Korea in 1965 .
Kinga Choszcz , better known as Kinga Freespirit ( 10 April 1973 , Gdańsk , Poland - 9 June 2006 , Ghana ) , was a well - known Polish traveler and travel writer .
Nripen Chakraborty was involved in the Communist movement in India for six decades .
Alejandro Rangel Hidalgo ( 1923 - 2000 ) was a Mexican artist , graphic designer and artisan best known for his series of Christmas cards produced for UNICEF in the 1960s , as well as known in Mexico for his furniture designs and promotion of traditional handcrafts .
Born in Paris , France in 1954 , David Bret was adopted by an English couple and raised in Wath - on - Dearne , South Yorkshire .
Milagros Germán Olalla ( born 29 December 1958 ) is a Dominican TV presenter and producer , theatre actress , and the winner of the Miss Dominican Republic 1980 beauty pageant .
Barış Dilaver ( born in Istanbul , Turkey in 1975 ) is a Turkish ballet dancer .
Saxil Tuxen ( 1885 - -1975 ) was an influential surveyor and town planner in Melbourne , Australia , during the interwar periods .
Pierre Yovanovitch born on August 17 , 1965 in Nice , France is a French interior designer .
Besides , reiterating her engagement towards the youth , Moona participates in 2009 in the project `` Answers Solutions Knowledge '' , a campaign of awareness against the HIV / AIDS initiated by AIESEC Senegal in collaboration with UNESCO - BREDA and for which she becomes a trainer .
Purushottam Shivaram Rege ( Devanagari : पुरुषोत्तम शिवराम रेगे ) ( 1910 - -1978 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Dương Văn An ( 1514- ? ) ( courtesy name : Tỉnh Phú , 楊文安 ) was a minister in the cabinet of Mạc Dynasty , in history of Vietnam .
Sténio received his first call - up to the Cape Verde squad in May 2012 , for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Sierra Leone on 2 June .
Surapong Tompa ( Thai สุรพงษ์ ทมพา ) , is a Thai futsal Goalkeeper , and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team .
Mohammad Kiadarbandsari ( Persian : محمد كیادربندسری ‎ , born October 9 , 1989 in Tehran ) is an alpine skier from Iran .
Saša Tuksar ( SAH - shə /ˈsɑːʃə/ ; born Čakovec , 12 May 1983 ) is a former professional tennis player from Croatia .
Frederick W. Haultain ( November 7 , 1821 - -1882 ) was a British Army officer and political figure in Canada West .
Hugo Guerrero Marthineitz ( 11 August 1924 , Lima -- 21 August 2010 , Buenos Aires ) was a Peruvian journalist , commentator and radio host , who spent most of his professional career in Argentina .
Aleksandr Domogarov was born in Moscow , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union ( now Russia ) .
One of the most famous goalkeepers of `` Lavori Pubblici FC '' was Abdi Mohamed Ahmed , who played in the 1980 conquest of the Somalia league championship .
Suniti Solomon ( 1938 or 1939 -- 28 July 2015 ) was an Indian physician and microbiologist who pioneered AIDS research and prevention in India after having diagnosed the first Indian AIDS cases in Chennai in 1985 .
Sami Frashëri ( Turkish : Şemseddin Sami , June 1 , 1850 -- June 18 , 1904 ) was an Albanian writer , philosopher , playwright and a prominent figure of the Rilindja Kombëtare , the National Renaissance movement of Albania , together with his two brothers Abdyl and Naim .
Aikaterini Evangelinou ( born 1988 ) is a beauty queen who represented Greece in Miss World 2007 in China .
Philip Lytton , ( died 21 November 1949 ) real name Charles Ernest Phillips , was an Australian actor and theatrical entrepreneur best known for producing theatre shows that toured throughout Australia in the early part of the twentieth century .
Mathieu Razanakolona ( born August 2 , 1986 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is a Malagasy - Canadian alpine skier , born to a Quebecois mother and a father from Madagascar , currently residing in Canada .
Hassan Shamaizadeh ( Persian : حسن شماعی‌زاده‎‎ , born November 22 , 1943 in Isfahan , Iran ) is a well known & popular Persian singer , songwriter , composer , arranger , saxophonist , and pianist .
Bou Hmara also spelled Bou Hamara or Bouhmara : ( the one who owns a she - ass ) ( c.1860 - 1909 ) , a rogui or pretender to the throne of Morocco .
Stu Marshall is a guitarist from Sydney , Australia .
Rumaliza was born at Lindi around 1855 , on the Indian Ocean coast in the south of modern Tanzania .
Farjam Behnam ( born in 1966 in Tehran , Iran ) is an editor , researcher and founder of Iran Almanac .
Hjelm Waage Thurn - Basberg ( 3 November 1917 -- 29 November 2006 ) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II . He fled Norway twice due to his resistance to the German occupation , but returned both times to work with intelligence for the British Secret Intelligence Service ( MI6 ) .
M. P Appachu Ranjan ( born 11 September 1957 ) is an Indian politician who was the Former Minister for Youth Services and Sports in Karnataka , a state in Southern India .
Grutle Kjellson ( born 24 December 1973 in Sveio , Hordaland , Norway ) is a Norwegian vocalist and bass player for the progressive viking metal band Enslaved .
John Henry Charles Willoughby ( July 3 , 1861 -- 1940 ) was a physician , financial broker and political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Pahikore Te Koeti Turanga ( 18 November 1883 -- 13 March 1964 ) , also known as John Butler Te Koeti , was a notable New Zealand mountaineer , guide , bushman , axeman .
Roberto Sacasa Sarria ( 1840 -- 1896 ) was the President of Nicaragua from 5 August 1889 to 1 January 1891 and again the 46th from 1 March 1891 to 11 July 1893 .
It is thought that Susanna Nerantzi was born in Zakynthos , Greece .
Kari Asikainen ( born 24 October 1939 in Parkano , Finland ) is a Finnish interior designer and former Professor of Industrial Furniture Design at MUOVA , the Design Centre of Western Finland in Vaasa ( 1988 - -1994 ) .
Riku Heini ( born 9 December 1990 ) is a Finnish football player currently playing for FC Lahti and Finland national under-19 football team .
Richard Manu ( born January 20 , 1974 in Ghana ) is a footballer who is currently playing for Asante Kotoko in Ghana 's Glo Premier League .
Luiz Brasil ( born Luiz Alberto Brasil de Carvalho in Salvador , Bahia , Brazil , on April 21 , 1954 ) is a Brazilian guitarist .
Zimoun ( born 1977 ) is a Swiss artist who lives and works in Bern , Switzerland .
Sevahir Bayındır ( * 1 January 1969 , Karlıova , Bingöl Province , Turkey ) is an Kurdish MP for the Democratic Society Party ( DTP ) in Şırnak , Eastern Turkey .
Julien Ingrassia ( born 26 November 1979 in Aix - en - Provence , France ) is a French rally co - driver .
Mark Staufer ( born 3 November 1963 ) is a New Zealand native .
Giddens Ko ( simplified Chinese : 柯景腾 ; traditional Chinese : 柯景騰 ; pinyin : Kē Jǐngténg ) , is a Taiwanese writer and director born on 25 August 1978 in Changhua County , Taiwan .
Kittikun Jamsuwan ( Thai : กิตติคุณ แจ่มสุวรรณ , born June 9 , 1984 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Pradeep Kumar Sinha ( P. K. Sinha ) ( born July 18 , 1955 ) is an Indian civil servant who is the 31st Cabinet Secretary of the Republic of India .
Florian Schulz is a professional nature and wildlife photographer based in southern Germany whose striking images have garnered international recognition .
George Arthur Pollard ( 1863 - -1939 ) was a New Zealand salvation army officer and administrator .
After a first study devoted to the philosophy of Samuel Alexander in 1929 , Philippe Devaux was appointed as a FNRS research associate in Belgium , and then for two year as an advanced fellow at the Berkeley and Harvard Universities , where he studied with Alfred North Whitehead .
Cor Fijneman ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkɔr ˈfɛi̯.nə.ˌmɑn ) ) is a Dutch producer , DJ , and remixer from Breda , Netherlands .
Karl Anschütz ( February 1813 Koblenz , Germany - 30 December 1870 New York City ) was a German - born musical director and composer who founded the German Opera in New York City .
Tomohisa Otani ( 大谷 智久 , born February 14 , 1985 in Hyōgo Prefecture ) is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher for the Chiba Lotte Marines in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Born in Thrissur , Kerala , India , Ranjith Sankar completed his education from M A College of Engineering , Kothamangalam .
Eric Lenge ( born 1971 - ) in the Democratic Republic of the Congo led a failed coup during June 2004 against the Government of Joseph Kabila .
Susan Denberg ( born Dietlinde Zechner on 2 August 1944 , Bad Polzin , Germany ) is a German - Austrian model and actress grown up in Klagenfurt , Austria .
Dario Alioto ( born 1984 ) is a professional poker player from Palermo , Italy .
Alaa El - Din Abdul Moneim ( Arabic : علاء الدين عبد المنعم‎ ; born January 3 , 1951 , in New Helmia , Al - Darb Al Ahmar , Cairo , Egypt ) is an independent member of the Egyptian Parliament and a lawyer .
Youcan is a musician and singer song writer in Kyoto , Japan .
Ade Rai ( born I Gusti Agung Kusuma Yudha Rai ) ( born May 6 , 1970 in Jakarta , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian IFBB professional bodybuilder .
Nicolas Chopin was born in the village of Marainville - sur - Madon ( Vosges department ) , in the province of Lorraine , France .
Jean - Marie Ehouzou ( born September 1950 ) is a Beninese diplomat who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Benin from 2008 to 2011 .
Iopu Iopu - Aso ( born 1 April 1991 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as an loose forward for Taranaki in the ITM Cup and the Hurricanes in Super Rugby .
Diego Bianconi ( b. 1957 in Muralto , Locarno , Canton Ticino , Switzerland ) is a Swiss painter .
Johnny Madsen ( born in Thyborøn , Denmark on 31 March 1951 ) is a Danish musician , songwriter and painter .
Edward Yang was born in Shanghai in 1947 , and grew up in Taipei , Taiwan .
Mikey Manville ( born Michael Iwanyshyn 25 Dec 1980 , Toronto , Canada ) is a Canadian musician and lyricist , and the lead singer of the band The Manvils .
Forrestina Elizabeth Ross ( 1860 - -1936 ) was a notable New Zealand teacher , mountaineer , journalist and writer .
Juan de Marcos González ( born Juan de Marcos González - Cárdenas in January 1954 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban bandleader and musician , best known for his work with the Buena Vista Social Club .
Mullah Mansoor Dadullah ( born 1972 ) was Mullah Dadullah 's younger half - brother who succeeded him as a senior military commander of the Taliban in southern Afghanistan .
Paulo Bethencourt ( born Paulo Bethencourt da Silva Franco Neto , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a multi - platinum , Grammy nominated music producer , composer and arranger , who has created original musical works for Sony Music International , Universal Music Group , Warner Music Group , BMG , and Discovery Channel .
Joseph William McKay ( Mackay ) ( 31 January 1829 -- 17 December 1900 ) was a fur trader , businessman , politician and explorer who had a long career in the employ of the Hudson 's Bay Company in Canada .
Airinė Palšytė ( born 13 July 1992 in Vilnius , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian high jumper .
Louis Chevalier was born in L'Aiguillon - sur - Mer in the coastal department of Vendée in western France .
Mads Andersen ( born 1970 ) is a poker and backgammon player from Copenhagen , Denmark .
Caroline Tran ( born c. 1973 ) is an Australian radio announcer on the national youth broadcaster Triple J. She moved to Melbourne , Australia , from Vietnam with her family when she was three .
Filipa Moniz Perestrelo ( ca . 1455 -- ca . 1484 ) was a Portuguese noblewoman from Porto Santo Island , in Madeira , Portugal .
Colonel Julio Adalberto Rivera Carballo ( September 2 , 1921 -- July 29 , 1973 ) was president of El Salvador 1 July 1962 - 1 July 1967 .
Robert Rental was the stage name of Robert Donnachie ( 1952 - -2000 ) , a British pioneer of the post - punk DIY industrial electronic music scene in the United Kingdom .
Jean Daudé ( born October 20 , 1973 in Nîmes ) , is a former rugby player who played with France and CSBJ , who plays as Lock .
Agustín Romualdo Álvarez Rodríguez was born in Renedo de Valdetuéjar , Spain , and was ordained a priest on March 12 , 1949 from the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin .
Nils Allesson ( lat . Nicolaus Allonius ) was Archbishop of Uppsala , Sweden , 1292 - 1305 .
Suzanne Aubert ( 19 June 1835 -- 1 October 1926 ) , better known to many by her cleric name Sister Mary Joseph or Mother Aubert , was a Catholic sister who started a home for orphans and the under - privileged in Jerusalem , New Zealand on the Whanganui River in 1885 .
Charles Nalder Baeyertz ( 15 December 1866 -- 5 June 1943 ) was a New Zealand teacher , journalist , editor , publisher and music critic .
Thomas Gordon William Ashbourne ( December 4 , 1894 -- March 8 , 1984 ) was a Canadian politician who was part of the Newfoundland National Convention which discussed the terms of union between Newfoundland and Canada .
William Lankham ( 4 December 1861 -- 2 December 1886 ) was a New Zealand cricketer who played five first - class matches for Auckland before his death at the age of 24 .
Shakar Khan Shakar ( 3 September 1940 ) he is a retired Afghanistan wrestler , who competed at the 1964 Summer Olympic Games and the 1972 Summer Olympic Games in the welterweight events .
Andrei Bădescu ( born 12 February 1985 ) is a Romanian former professional footballer whose career was largely played in Romania , with brief stints in Switzerland and Canada .
Luuka Jones ( born 18 October 1988 in Tauranga ) is a New Zealand slalom canoeist who started competing in 2003 .
Niels Fredriksen Dyhren was born on the Dyhren farm in Østre Toten in Oppland , Norway .
Mostafizur Rahman Fizar is a Bangladeshi politician and the State Minister for Environment of Bangladesh Government .
Tunisiano also published La France , Itinéraire d'une polémique with journalist and writer Olivier Cachin , talking about conflicts with extreme right - wing groups .
In 1933 , Yiorgos Batis did his first sound - recording with bouzouki in Greece .
Sharon Johnston CC ( born 1943 ) is the wife of David Lloyd Johnston , the 28th Governor General of Canada .
Rola Saad was born in Tannourine , Lebanon , to a Christian Maronite family and became an orphan as a child .
Yallamanda Rao Veerapaneni was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for Vinukonda constituency in Andhra Pradesh , India , in 1994 and 1999 .
Soenario ( 28 August 1902 -- 18 May 1997 ) , also spelled Sunario , was Indonesia 's minister of foreign affairs from 1953 to 1955 .
Attia Bano Qamar ( born in Pakistan ) was crowned Miss Pakistan World runner - up in Toronto , Canada on 9 September 2011 .
Ahmet Emin Yalman , Ph.D. , was born in 1888 in Thessaloniki , which at that time was part of the Ottoman Empire .
Mílton Alves da Silva ( born October 16 , 1931 in Porto Alegre , Brazil - died in 1973 in São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian former football player .
Velayuthapillai Baheerathakumar ( Tamil : வேலாயுதபிள்ளை பகீரதகுமார் Vēlāyutapiḷḷai Pakīratakumār ; 8 January 1966 -- 4 April 2009 ; commonly known by the nom de guerre Theepan ) was a leading member of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , a separatist Tamil militant organisation in Sri Lanka .
Gustavo Arcos Bergnes ( December 19 , 1926 in Caibarién , Cuba -- August 8 , 2006 in Havana , Cuba ) was a fellow Cuban revolutionary alongside Fidel Castro who later became an imprisoned dissident of the government .
Álvaro Brechner ( born April 9 , 1976 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a film director , writer and film producer .
Xavier María de Munibe e Idiáquez , Conde de Peñaflorida ( Count of Peñaflorida ) ( Azkoitia , 1723 - -Bergara , 1785 ) , was an important figure of Enlightenment Spain .
Lieutenant General Trần Hanh ( born November 29 , 1932 ) is a pilot of the Vietnam People 's Air Force and later Deputy Minister of Defence of Vietnam .
Armanda Maria De Jesus Lopes , better known in Portugal as Maria Armanda , was a Portuguese singer .
William Henry Eyes ( 1819 -- 12 April 1907 ) was a British - born , New Zealand politician who was the fifth Superintendent of the Marlborough Province , and who represented the Wairau electorate in the New Zealand House of Representatives for many years .
Navy Captain ( retired ) Anthony Udofia served as Administrator of Osun State , Nigeria from December 1993 to August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha .
Beslan Butba ( Abkhaz : Беслан Быҭәба , Georgian : ბესლან ბუთბა ) ( born February 7 , 1960 ) is a businessman and a former Prime Minister of Abkhazia .
Tanel Joamets has given solo and chamber concerts in Estonia and Finland , but also in Canada , Australia , Germany and England .
Leo Bretholz was born in Vienna , Austria , on March 6 , 1921 and died on March 8 , 2014 .
Born in Melbourne , Victoria Ann James has been illustrating books since the 1980s and has become a significant contributor towards the development and appreciation of children 's literature in Australia .
Anna Katrina Simcic - Forrest ( born 8 November 1971 ) , best known under her maiden name Anna Simcic , is a former New Zealand swimming representative .
Hajiya Zainab Maina , FCIA , MFR ( born 7 August 1948 ) is the Minister of Women Affairs and Social Development of the Federal Republic of Nigeria .
Ambrose D. Richard ( February 6 , 1850 -- 1917 ) was a lawyer and political figure of Acadian descent in New Brunswick , Canada .
Emil Thuy was born in Hagen , Germany , the son of a factory owner .
Yuri Shafranik is also a chairman of the Union of Oil and Gas Producers of Russia .
Zahid Pirzada ( born 1 August 1958 , Karachi , Pakistan ) is a former Pakistani field hockey player .
Dyveke Sigbritsdatter or Dyveke Willomsdatter , ( 1490 -- 21 September 1517 ) , in Denmark normally known as `` Dyveke '' ; in modern Dutch `` duifje '' means `` little dove '' ) , was known as the mistress to Christian II of Denmark .
Yubraj Nayaghare ( Nepali : युवराज नयाँघरे ) is writer , literaturer and winner of Madan Puraskar of Nepal .
Omar Ibrahim Ghalawanji ( Arabic : عمر ابراهيم غلاونجي‎ , `` Umar Ibrāhīm Ğalāwanjī ; born 1954 ) is a Syrian politician , who was the caretaker Prime Minister of Syria in August 2012 , following the defection of Riyad Farid Hijab .
Esmeralda Agoglia ( 29 August 1923 - 24 October 2014 ) was a former Argentine prima ballerina , choreographer and director of Argentina 's Ballet Estable .
Manuel Romeike ( born 9 December 1979 ) , known by his stage name King Orgasmus One , is a rapper and porn producer from Berlin , Germany .
Dr. Amal Uthum Herat ( born 15 September 1957 ) , in Colombo , Sri Lanka was Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka and Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund .
Hélène Dutrieu was born on 10 July 1877 in Tournai , Belgium , the daughter of a Belgian Army officer .
Mohammad Farokhmanesh , born 1971 in Shiraz , ( Iran ) started making his first short films during his education at the `` Iranian Young Cinema Society '' .
Henri Ledroit ( Villacourt , 1946 - Nancy , France , 1988 ) was a French counter - tenor , the first in France of the modern revival in that voice range .
A complex series of conflicts and events led to Lafcadio Hearn being moved from Greece to Ireland , where he was abandoned first by his mother ( leaving him in the care of her husband 's aunt ) , then his father , and finally by his father 's aunt , who had been appointed his official guardian .
Allan Martinson ( born 8 October 1966 , in Tartu , Estonia ) is an Estonian technology entrepreneur and investor .
Meelis Aasmäe ( born June 13 , 1972 , in Palupera , Valga ) is an Estonian professional cross - country skier based in Sultsi , Estonia .
Helena Ruth France ( 12 June 1913 -- 19 August 1968 ) ( known as Ruth France ) was a New Zealand librarian , poet and novelist .
Georges Delnon ( born 20 March 1958 , Zürich , Switzerland ) is a Swiss theatre director , artistic director and professor .
John K. Randle ( 1 February 1855 -- 27 February 1928 ) was a West African doctor who was active in politics in Lagos , now in Nigeria , in the colonial era .
Dramane Dembélé is a Malian politician who served as Mali 's Director - General of Geology and Mines from 2005 to 2010 .
Shripad Amrit Dange ( 10 October 1899 -- 22 May 1991 ) was a founding member of the Communist Party of India ( CPI ) and a stalwart of Indian trade union movement .
Julius Lind ( born 13 September 1977 in Haugesund , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz and rock musician ( double bass ) .
Afewerk Tekle ( 22 October 1932 -- 10 April 2012 ) was one of Ethiopia 's most celebrated artists , particularly known for his paintings on African and Christian themes as well as his stained glass .
Ali Khaseif Humad Khaseif Housani , also called Ali Khasif ( Arabic : علي خصيف‎ ; born 9 June 1987 in Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates ) is Emirati footballer who plays for his country club Al - Jazira in UAE Football League .
Felipe Mendez was born around 1897 in San Juan , Argentina and participated as a paleontological collector at the 2nd Captain Marshall Field Paleontological Expedition in 1926 .
Yves Pouliquen ( born 17 February 1931 in Mortain , France ) is a doctor by profession , his work has been dedicated to the pathology of the cornea .
Yusuf Güney ( born 5 June 1984 in Trabzon , Turkey ) is a Turkish singer who currently lives in London .
Diego de Escobar y Osorio ( d. February 22 , 1649 ) was Governor of Paraguay from February 2 , 1647 --
Chen Hsin - hung ( 陳信宏 ) , nicknamed Ashin ( Chinese : 阿信 ; pinyin : Āxìn ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : A - sìn ) , was born on 6 December 1975 in Beitou District , Taiwan .
Zéphirin Diabré ( born 26 August 1959 in Ouagadougu ) is a Burkinabé politician and 2015 candidate for President of Burkina Faso .
D'Arcy Short ( born 9 August 1990 ) is an Australian cricketer from the Northern Territory who plays for Western Australia .
Sarah Poewe ( born 3 March 1983 ) is an Olympic breaststroke swimmer who has competed internationally for both South Africa and Germany .
Katrina Halili is an alumna of the StarStruck talent search and the cover girl of leading magazines such as FHM and Maxim Philippines .
Ferhat Pehlivan ( born August 20 , 1988 in Akçaabat , Trabzon Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish amateur boxer competing in the light - flyweight division .
Hadji Ali was born into a working - class family in approximately 1887 or 1892 , depending on the source consulted , probably in Egypt .
Cristina Zavalloni ( born in 1973 in Bologna , Italy ) is a contemporary Italian singer and composer who focuses primarily on jazz and experimental ( or avant - garde ) music .
The spread of hip - hop culture in Spain in the late 1980s introduced the new graffiti styles developed in the United States , but variations in Muelle 's work basically kept his original design .
Faruk Eczacıbaşı is Chairman of the Turkish Informatics Foundation ( TBV ) , which was founded in 1995 to assist Turkey make the transformation to an information society .
Air Commodore David Case is the highest ranking black officer in the Royal Air Force of the United Kingdom , and as of 2000 , at the age of 47 , he became the highest ranking black officer ever to serve in Britain 's armed forces .
Ayyappan Pillai Raman Pillai ( 1880 - -1938 ) , also known as A. Raman Pillai or A. R. Pillai , was an Indian expatriate who worked for India 's freedom in Germany , journalist , writer and a book publisher in Göttingen in Germany .
Gonzalo Favre ( born July 3 , 1978 in San Carlos Centro , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Colón de Santa Fe in Argentina and Rangers in Chile .
Charles William Miller ( 24 November 1874 -- 30 June 1953 ; Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈʃaɹliz ˈwiʎɐ̃ ˈmileɾ ) ) was a Brazilian sportsman , who is considered to be the father of football in Brazil .
Camp Lakebottom is a Canadian animated series produced by 9 Story Media Group that premiered on Teletoon in Canada on July 4 , 2013 and on Disney XD in the United States on July 13 , 2013 .
House of Fury ( Chinese : 精武家庭 ) is a 2005 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film written and directed by Stephen Fung , who also co - stars in the film , and executive produced by Jackie Chan .
Director Kaushik Ganguly won the award of best director for Apur Panchali in the 44th International Film Festival of India ( IFFI ) in November 2013 .
C'est la vie , mon chéri ( Chinese : 新不了情 ; pinyin : Xīn bùliǎo qíng ) is a 1994 Hong Kong movie directed by Derek Yee Tung - Shing and starring Anita Yuen , Lau Ching - Wan and Carina Lau .
Bluna was exported to Saudi Arabia from Germany during the 80 's and early 90 's , Today it 's locally produced .
The Light Thief ( Kyrgyz : Свет-аке , Svet - Ake ) is a 2010 drama film from Kyrgyzstan , directed by Aktan Arym Kubat .
Saptapadii had been released in theatres across India on 1 February 2013 , and had a record - breaking run of 12 weeks .
Paradise Falls was a weekly soap opera shown nationally on the Showcase channel in Canada , starting in 2001 .
Welsh cakes ( Welsh : picau ar y maen , pice bach , cacen gri or teisen radell ) , also Welshcakes or pics , are traditional in Wales .
In Japan , the Hozuki 's Coolheadedness manga has sold over 7.5 million copies as of July 2014 .
Old Rip Van Winkle Bourbon Whiskey is a Kentucky Straight Bourbon whiskey produced by the Sazerac Company at its Buffalo Trace Distillery in Frankfort , Kentucky .
Atragon , released in Japan as Undersea Warship ( 海底軍艦 Kaitei Gunkan ) , is a 1963 science fiction tokusatsu film directed by Ishirō Honda and produced and financed by Toho .
Föreningen Konstsamfundet ( lit . `` The Art Foundation Association '' ) is a Finnish association with the goal of supporting the culture of the Swedish - speaking minority of Finland .
The Secret Life of Us was a three - time silver Logie Award - winning Australian television drama series set in the beachside suburb of St Kilda , Melbourne , Australia .
Small Time Giants is an alternative rock band from Greenland .
The Minion ( also known as Fallen Knight in Canada ) , is a 1998 American and Canadian action supernatural horror film directed by Jean - Marc Piché and starring Dolph Lundgren and Françoise Robertson .
Breizh Cola ( pronounced : ( brɛjs kola ) , from the Breton word for Brittany ) , is a brand of cola bottled by Phare Ouest and sold in Brittany , France .
Produced by Best Boy Entertainment , Soccer Shrines originally aired on GolTV ( Canada ) in Fall 2010 .
Andhaman Kaidhi ( Tamil : அந்தமான் கைதி ) ( English : The Prisoner of the Andamans India ) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role .
According to the company website , FEBO has almost 60 shops all over the Netherlands , with 54 being franchises .
Little Big Soldier was a joint production of China 's Polybona Films and Hong Kong 's JCE Movies Limited , a company set up by Jackie Chan in 2003 .
Correios de Moçambique is the company responsible for postal service in Mozambique .
Ha'Nephilim ( The Outsiders , Hebrew : הנפילים‎ ) is a television programme currently being broadcast on Yes ( Israel ) written by Ruby Doanias and Chen Kliman .
A Nait The or Massage Practitioner ( Burmese : အနှိပ်သည် ) is a 1922 Myanmar comedy film .
Chhote Ustaad - Do Deshon Ki Ek Awaaz was a singing show airing on STAR Plus in India and on Geo Entertainment Television in Pakistan .
Código Postal ( Postcode ) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa and aired in Mexico on the network canal de las estrellas .
Enchufe.tv is an Ecuadorian web series produced by Touché Films , based in Quito , Ecuador , consisting of comedic sketches viewed primarily on its YouTube channels , as well as on Ecuadorian television channel Ecuavisa .
Fruit Tingles is a brand of confectionery originating in Australia .
The Return of Sandokan is a 1996 television series produced by Germany ( where it was released as Die Rückkehr des Sandokan ) and Italy ( where is known as Il ritorno di Sandokan ) .
The Autocrats ( Itse valtiaat / Itsevaltiaat ) was a Finnish political satire TV series , which takes the viewer behind the scenes of the politics of Finland .
Time for Loving ( released in Italy as Sapore di mare ) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina .
The Siete Partidas , as the centerpiece of legislative activity under Alfonso X , represents the high point of the acceptance of common law ( from Roman and canonical traditions ) in Spain .
Chabiwali Pocket Watch is a 2006 short film written and directed by Vibhu Puri and produced by the Film and Television Institute of India .
The Times of India gave 2 stars out of 5 and wrote , `` With one of the most preposterous scripts in recent times , M Saravanan ... disappoints in Valiyavan '' .
La República perdida ( Spanish : The lost republic ) is the name of a series of Argentine documentary films about the history of Argentina .
Nikhat Kazmi of the Times of India gave four out of five stars , stating , `` No One Killed Jessica is a film that unleashes a myriad emotions in you .
Into the Shadows is a 2009 documentary film by co - directors Andrew Scarano and Phil Hignett about the state of Australia cinema .
Tonkatsu originated in Japan in the 19th century .
Fred Basset has been published in the United Kingdom newspaper Daily Mail and more recently The Mail On Sunday from 1963 to the present .
Luv Ka The End opened to positive reviews across India .
Skeem Saam is a soap created by Winnie Serite , broadcast on SABC1 in South Africa .
Scotch broth is a filling soup , originating in Scotland but now obtainable worldwide .
Wars of Bribery is a 1996 Hong Kong crime television series produced by TVB that aired on its channel TVB Jade from 10 June to 5 July 1996 .
Wish and Switch is a 2012 Hong Kong TVB drama first broadcast on January 3 , 2012 .
Pelotón ( Spanish for `` platoon '' ) is a Chilean reality show on National Television of Chile in which the participants undergo an intense regime of military training .
Huset på Christianshavn ( The House in Christianshavn ) was an 84-part television comedy series broadcast in Denmark between 1970 and 1977 .
Though released by the National Film Board of Canada ( NFB ) in 1941 , Boogie - Doodle was actually made by McLaren in New York City in 1940 , a year before he was invited by John Grierson to Canada to found the NFB 's animation unit .
Kahani Saat Pheron Ki is a Hindi - language television series that aired on the national channel of India , DD National .
Battletruck ( also known as Warlords of the 21st Century in New Zealand and Destructors in Italy ) is a 1982 New Zealand science fiction film directed by Harley Cokeliss ( credited under his birth name Harley Cokliss ) and starring Michael Beck .
While in Spain in November 1968 to film Cry Chicago , Jeffrey Hunter was injured in an on - set explosion when a car window near him , which had been rigged to explode outward , accidentally exploded inward .
Jaanisaar is a love saga of a revolutionary courtesan of Avadh , India , and a prince brought up in England , set 20 years after the first war of Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
The Age of the Medici , originally released in Italy as L'età di Cosimo de Medici ( The Age of Cosimo de Medici ) , is a 1973 3-part TV series about the Renaissance in Florence , directed by Roberto Rossellini .
Oz and Hugh Raise the Bar is a BBC television programme in which wine personality and expert Oz Clarke and comedian and actor Hugh Dennis travel across Ireland and the United Kingdom in order to sample and discover the wide array of British and Irish Alcoholic beverages .
The first film , full title Bakko Yokaiden Kibakichi , was released in Japan in February 2004 and in the U.S on DVD by Saiko Films / MTI Home Video in June 2005 .
OP ruft Dr. Bruckner is a television series that airs in Germany .
Burying Brian is a New Zealand television series produced by Eyeworks Touchdown which premiered on Television New Zealand 's TV ONE on 2 July 2008 , and ran for 6 episodes .
Malpua is a pancake served as a dessert or a snack , popular in India and Bangladesh .
The Mézga Family ( in Hungarian Mézga család ) is a fictional family from three animated TV series shot by PannóniaFilm studios , Hungary between 1969 and 1978 .
Fanesca is a soup traditionally prepared and eaten by households and communities in Ecuador during Holy Week .
Vino cotto ( literally ' cooked wine '' , also vi'cotto or vi'cuotte ) , is a type of wine from the Marche and Abruzzo in Central Italy , made primarily in the hills of the Province of Ascoli Piceno and the Province of Macerata .
The Antwerp & District Pipe Band is Belgium 's leading pipe band , it 's also the first ever grade two band in Belgium which it became after becoming second at the British Championships in Annan .
The Walther SSP is a precision target shooting pistol made in Germany by Walther Sportwaffen .
Produced in 1956 , and set in 1890 France , Elena and Her Men tells the story of a young , beautiful , and free - spirited Polish princess in fin de siècle Paris who specializes in granting people good luck .
Nousukausi , a.k.a . Upswing , is a 2003 Finland black comedy film .
Zip ' n Zoo was filmed in the landscape of Assynt in Sutherland , north west Scotland .
Davidstow Cheddar is a brand of award winning Cheddar cheese manufactured by Dairy Crest , at Davidstow in Cornwall , United Kingdom , alongside Cathedral City Cheddar .
Montreal Pop Concerts was a Canadian symphony music television miniseries produced and broadcast by Radio - Canada in 1969 .
For the next 20 years Giovanna d'Arco had steady success in Italy , appearing in Florence , Lucca , and Senigallia in 1845 , Turin and Venice in 1846 , Mantua in 1848 , Milan again three more times in 1851 , 1858 , and 1865 .
Callos is a stew common across Spain , and is considered traditional to Madrid .
Pittiplatsch , also known as Pitti for short , is a German fictional kobold character who was very famous in East Germany ( German Democratic Republic ) , especially as a puppet character on children 's television .
Hansie is a feature film , produced in South Africa by Global Creative Studios and directed by Regardt van den Bergh .
Based in Paris , Powernext manages the natural gas activities of the EEX Group under the PEGAS brand throughout Europe , and operates the National Registry for electricity guarantees of origin in France .
Kabkabou or Kabkabu ( Arabic : كبكابو‎ ) is a fish and tomato stew traditionally prepared in Tunisia .
A Fistful of Stances ( Chinese : 鐵馬尋橋 ) is a 2010 TVB television drama from Hong Kong produced and created by Lee Tim - shing .
Times of India rated the film 2 out of 5 and stated that `` The problem with Kaaval is that it offers nothing new in terms of story and presentation .
Desi Rascals was a structured - reality television series broadcast by Sky 1 and Sky Living in the United Kingdom .
McDowell 's No.1 Celebration also known as Celebration Rum , is a rum manufactured by United Spirits Limited of India .
Changua ( milk soup with eggs ) is a typical hearty breakfast soup of the central Andes region of Colombia , in particular in the Boyacá and Cundinamarca area , including the capital , Bogotá .
Hence the inspiration for films such as Mission Kashmir which address the local militant insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir and the broader Kashmir conflict between India and Pakistan .
Kothao Keu Nei ( Bengali : কোথাও কেউ নেই ) was a Bangladeshi television show , which aired on Bangladesh Television .
While the opera enjoyed some success in its day and is probably Mascagni 's most famous work after Cavalleria rusticana , today it is performed far more rarely than Cavalleria , which remains Mascagni 's only enduringly popular work in America ( though in Italy , L'amico Fritz and Iris are still in the active repertoire ) .
Wibele are very small , sweet biscuits originating from the Franconian city of Langenburg in Germany , though nowadays they are considered a Swabian speciality .
Celebrities from different reality shows like Indian Idol , Sa Re Ga Ma Pa , Voice of India , Jhalak Dhikhhla Jaa , Nach Baliye , Comedy Circus , Laughter Challenge , Li’l Champs , Chhote Ustaad , will be seen on the same platform vying for the title of Ustaadon Ka Ustaad .
Loetoeng Kasaroeng is a 1926 fantasy film from the Dutch East Indies ( modern - day Indonesia ) which was directed and produced by L. Heuveldorp .
Kūčiukai ( also šližikai ) is a traditional Lithuanian dish served on Kūčios , the traditional Christmas Eve dinner in Lithuania .
Sugar mice are a traditional sugar candy popular in the United Kingdom , especially during the Christmas season .
Radio + TV Rijmond , usually abbreviated as RTV Rijnmond , is a public broadcast organization for the Rijnmond region of the Netherlands .
Spirit Warrior , known in Japan as Kujaku - Oh ( 孔雀王 Kujaku Ō , lit . Peacock King ) , is a manga by Makoto Ogino .
Denso mapcodes are 7- to 10-digit codes identifying specific 900-square - meter areas in Japan .
1972 Azimut 1973 Abbiamo tutti un blues da piangere 1974 Genealogia 1975 La valle dei templi 1975 Live at Montreaux ( Live ) 1976 Non è poi così lontano 1976 Live in Italy 1976 ( Live ) 1977 Attraverso il Perigeo ( Raccolta ) 1977 Fata Morgana ( LP , Album ) ( RCA Victor )
Us and Our Education is a 2009 documentary film from The United Kingdom written and produced by Eve Jones and directed by Chris Burns .
Kinnie ( Maltese pronunciation : ( kinːiː ) ) is a soft drink from Malta .
Dormeuil was founded in 1842 by 22-year - old Jules Dormeuil and began with importing English fabrics to France .
Wheels on Meals ( traditional Chinese : 快餐車 ; simplified Chinese : 快餐车 ) is a 1984 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film written and directed by Sammo Hung , who also starred in the film .
Lord Edgware Dies is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in September 1933 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company later in the same year under the title of Thirteen at Dinner .
San Gregorio Polyptych is a polyptych painting by the Italian Renaissance master Antonello da Messina , completed in 1473 and housed in the Regional Museum of Messina , southern Italy .
M - Maybe is a 1965 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein .
Thirteen Most Wanted Men was a large mural created by Andy Warhol for the New York State Pavilion at the 1964 World 's Fair at Flushing Meadows , New York .
The Tiger Hunt is a large painting by Peter Paul Rubens , featuring a hunt for a tiger .
Nir Jacob Kaplan ( Hebrew : ניר יעקוב קפלן‎ ; born 8 August 1989 ) is an Israeli actor , entertainer and a Radio Presenter .
Manfred Schumann ( born 7 February 1951 in Hannover ) is a West German bobsledder who competed during the mid to late 1970s .
Isaac Watt Boulton ( 1823 - -1899 ) was a British engineer and founder of the locomotive - hire business known as Boulton 's Siding .
Justice Satchi Ponnambalam ( 27 January 1935 -- 31 January 1999 ) was a leading Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer and judge .
Peter Armstead ( birth registered January→March 1934 ( age 80 - -81 ) ) birth registered in Dewsbury , is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s , playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity ( Heritage # 614 ) , and Batley , as a second - row , i.e. number 11 or 12 .
William Nutter ( c.1759 - -1802 ) was an English engraver and draughtsman .
Joseph Gibbs ( 1699 , Dedham , Essex -- 12 December 1788 ) , was an English composer .
John Baret or Barrett ( died 1580 ) , was an English lexicographer during the Elizabethan era , and was responsible for publishing a dictionary of English , Latin , Greek and French entitled An Alvearie .
Edward Johnson Phelps ( 18 April 1863 , Andover , Massachusetts - 9 August 1938 , New Monterey , California ) family had been settled in Massachusetts from the earliest times and are alleged to be of noble descent .
José - Antonio Campos - Ortega ( 1940 - -2004 ) was a German neurobiologist born in Valencia Spain .
High Seas Havoc , known in Japan as Captain Lang ( キャプテン ラング Kyaputen Rangu ) and in Europe as Capt'n Havoc , is a video game that was made for the Sega Mega Drive / Genesis by Data East .
Space Spartans is a space combat simulator video game released for the Mattel Intellivision , initially programmed by Brian Dougherty , and later completed by William C. Fisher and Steve Roney .
PangYa ( Korean : 팡야 , lit . `` Bang ! '' , RR : Pangya ) , known as PangYa Exhilarating Golf in Japan ( Japanese : スカッとゴルフパンヤ , Hepburn : Sukatto Gorufu Pan'ya ) , is an online multiplayer casual golf simulation game designed by Korean development company , Ntreev Soft and NCSOFT .
Tiny Tower is a business simulation video game developed by NimbleBit , released on June 23 , 2011 and November 16 , 2011 for iOS and Android devices respectively .
AutoCAD DXF ( Drawing Interchange Format , or Drawing Exchange Format ) is a CAD data file format developed by Autodesk for enabling data interoperability between AutoCAD and other programs .
The Prime Minister of the Philippines ( Filipino : Punong Ministro ng Pilipinas ) was the official designation of the head of the government ( whereas the President of the Philippines was the head of state ) of the Philippines from 1978 until the People Power Revolution in 1986 .
The death of Husayn b. Ghiyath - uddin in 1370 and the invasion of Timur in 1381 , ended the Kurt dynasty 's ambitions .
The Leisure Hour was a British general - interest periodical of the Victorian era which ran weekly from 1852 to 1905 .
Moskovia Airlines filed for bankruptcy in February 2014 but planned to continue its operations .
The current Bulgarian royal family is a line of the Kohary branch of the House of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha , which ruled Bulgaria from 1887 to 1946 .
Graduating in 1978 from the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia , Anthony Grooms received a Bachelor of Arts in theatre and speech .
After graduating from Harvard Business School , Anand Mahindra joined Mahindra Ugine Steel Company Ltd ( MUSCO ) , as Executive Assistant to the Finance Director .
Gérard Huet graduated from the Université Denis Diderot ( Paris VII ) , Case Western Reserve University , and the Université de Paris .
Educated at Monkton Combe School near Bath , J. Desmond Clark graduated with a B.A. from Christ 's College at the University of Cambridge and became the curator of Northern Rhodesia 's Livingstone Memorial Museum in 1937 .
Ali Eid returned to Lebanon in 1960 , and attended the American University of Beirut ( AUB ) and majored in Political Science & Public Administration ( PSPA ) .
A theoretical physicist by training , Xiao Qiang studied at the University of Science and Technology of China and entered the PhD program ( 1986 - -1989 ) in Astrophysics at the University of Notre Dame .
Zardusht Alizadeh was born in 1946 , one of the three children of Mammad Mubariz Alizadeh , a professor of philology of the Baku State University , and his wife Zinat .
Alfonso López Pumarejo went on to study at the London School of Economics .
Hasan M. El - Shamy ( born 1938 ) is a Professor of Folklore ( Folkloristics ) in the Department of Folklore and Ethnomusicology , the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Cultures , and the African Studies Program at Indiana University .
Born in Verchères , Quebec , Pio Laporte studied medicine at Laval University in Quebec City then at the Paris School of Medicine in Paris , France .
John Pitre studied at the Art Students League of New York and has lived and worked in Hawaii for three decades .
François Godement is a graduate of the Ecole Normale Supérieure de la rue d'Ulm ( Paris ) , he was a Harvard University postgraduate student , and he holds a Ph.D. in contemporary history .
John Relyea is a 1998 graduate of the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia .
Michael Tree 's principal studies were with Efrem Zimbalist on violin and viola at the Curtis Institute of Music .
Gavan McCormack is a researcher specialising in East Asia who is Emeritus Professor and Visiting Fellow , Division of Pacific and Asian History of the Australian National University .
Zaid Orudzhev was born in Baku , entered the Faculty of Philosophy at Lomonosov Moscow State University in the early 1950s , graduating in 1955 .
Ralph Wheelock joined the dissenting religious movement known as Puritanism while attending Clare College .
Kye Allums ( born October 23 , 1989 ) is a former college basketball player at for the George Washington Colonials women 's basketball team of George Washington University ( GWU ) and a transgender pioneer .
Dr. Margery Palmer McCulloch was educated at the former Hamilton Academy ; the University of London and the University of Glasgow and is a senior Honorary Research Fellow in Scottish Literature , University of Glasgow .
Leonid Polterovich ( Hebrew : ליאוניד פולטרוביץ‎ ; Russian : Леонид В. Полтерович ; born 30 August 1963 ) is a Russian - Israeli mathematician at Tel Aviv University .
Darrell Floyd ( 1932 -- March 7 , 2000 ) was an American college basketball All - American while playing for Furman University in Greenville , South Carolina from 1953 - -56 .
Gene Weltfish ( born Regina Weltfish ) ( August 7 , 1902 -- August 2 , 1980 ) was an American anthropologist and historian working at Columbia University from 1928 to 1953 .
George Bernard Cronshaw ( 1872 - -1928 ) was a Chaplain , Fellow and Bursar of The Queen 's College Oxford University and later Principal of St Edmund Hall , Oxford .
After earning a BA in biology from Kansas Wesleyan University , an MA in botany from the University of Kansas , and a PhD in genetics from North Carolina State University , Wes Jackson established and served as chair of one of the United States ' first environmental studies programs at California State University , Sacramento .
George Frederick McKay was the first graduate in composition studies at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester , N.Y. , in 1923 , where he studied under Christian Sinding and Selim Palmgren .
Caroline Bliss ( born 12 July 1961 ) is an English actress who trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School .
Jan Arnoldus Schouten ( 28 August 1883 -- 20 January 1971 ) was a Dutch mathematician and Professor at the Delft University of Technology .
In 1994 , Kate Clark graduated from Cornell University with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Sculpture .
Nita Kumar completed her Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in History and has taught at the University of Chicago , Brown University , and the University of Michigan among other places .
Frédéric Bozo is a Professor at the University of Paris III :
Marjorie Eyre - Parker was born in Derby , England and studied at the Royal College of Music .
Sergey Parkhomenko was born in Moscow in 1964 and graduated from the Department of Journalism of the Moscow State University .
Drew Carter Attended Ohio State University .
Kazimierz Puczyński ( nom de guerre Wroński ) was a Polish hydrotechnology specialist , graduate of the Warsaw University of Technology with engineering degree , soldier of the Polish Underground State , participant of the Warsaw Uprising .
Phillis Levin graduated from Sarah Lawrence College in 1976 , and The Johns Hopkins University in 1977 .
As a doctoral candidate at the Florida State University , Selim Giray studied with Eliot Chapo , former Concertmaster of such orchestras as the New York Philharmonic and the Dallas Symphony .
Evgeni Babsky was graduated from Moscow State University in 1924 .
Danielle Martin is a Canadian physician , health care administrator and an Associate Professor at the University of Toronto .
Richard A. Oppel , Jr. is an American journalist who has reported for The New York Times from Iraq , Israel and Washington , D.C. He is a graduate of Duke University .
Luc E. Weber received a PhD in Economics and Business from the University of Lausanne .
He was born in 1978 in Nymfaio in Florina ( regional unit ) , his father was of the future Minister of Macedonia and Thrace Georgios Tzitzikostas , Apostolos Tzitzikostas studied International Politics and Diplomacy at Georgetown University and worked at the office of the Chair of the United States House Committee on Foreign Affairs .
Reem Al Hashimi earned a BA in international relations and French from Tufts University .
Clark Moustakas , Ed . D. , Ph.D. Educational and Clinical Psychology , Columbia University , President Emeritus and Co - Founder , Center for Humanistic Studies ( CHS ) .
For twenty - one years , from 1989 to 2010 , Graeme Snooks was the foundation Coghlan Research Professor of Economics in the Institute of Advanced Studies at the Australian National University .
Amir Faghri received his M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California , Berkeley in 1974 and 1976 , respectively .
After graduating from Harvard University , Preston Remington ( 1897 - -1958 ) joined The Metropolitan Museum of Art 's Department of Decorative Arts in 1923 as an assistant under curator Joseph Breck .
Hava Pinhas - Cohen studied Hebrew literature and art history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Milutin Mrkonjić graduated on Faculty of Civil Engineering of University of Belgrade in 1968 as a civil engineer for roads , airports and railways .
Anjana Appachana was born in India of Coorg ( Karnataka ) origin and educated at Scindia Kanya Vidyalaya , Gwalior , Delhi University , Jawaharlal Nehru University and Pennsylvania State University .
Phillips Brooks prepared for college at the Boston Latin School and graduated from Harvard University in 1855 at the age of 20 , where he was elected to the A.D. Club .
Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev ( Russian : Серге́й Алекса́ндрович То́карев , 29 December 1899 -- 19 April 1985 ) was a Russian scientist , ethnographer , historian , researcher of religious beliefs , doctor of historical sciences , and professor at Moscow State University .
Whittington Landon , the son of John Landon from Tedstone , Herefordshire , matriculated at the University of Oxford as a member of Worcester College on 13 October 1775 , aged 17 .
Adrian Bawtree was educated at Christ 's Hospital before he attended the Royal Academy of Music and was organ scholar at St Bride 's Church , Fleet Street .
Sharon Lechter graduated from Florida State University with an Accounting degree and Magna Cum Laude honors .
Jamie Thomas King was born in London , England and educated at Dulwich College , Fine Arts College and the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art . He is the son of American screen writer Laura Lamson and English television director Christopher King .
Henry Moseley had been a very promising schoolboy at Summer Fields School ( where one of the four ' leagues ' is named after him ) , and he was awarded a King 's scholarship to attend Eton College .
Born in Verviers ( Belgium ) in 1929 , Jacques Drèze did undergraduate economics at the nearby Université de Liège , and then a Ph.D. at Columbia University , with a thesis on `` Individual Decision Making under Partially Controllable Uncertainty '' supervised by William Vickrey .
Born in Athens , Greece to a prominent war family from Arcadia , Miltos Manetas moved to Milan at the age of 20 , where he attended the Brera Academy .
Gwendolyn Cartledge ( born 1943 ) is professor in the School of Physical Activity and Educational Services at the Ohio State University ( Cartledge , 2009 ) , specializing in methods for teaching social skills to children with and without disabilities ) .
Despite studying drama at the University of Manchester Alison Newman did not work as an actress for almost ten years after graduating .
Ursula Goodenough , daughter of Erwin Ramsdell Goodenough and Evelyn Goodenough Pitcher , earned a B.A. in zoology from Barnard College , an M.A. in zoology at Columbia University and her Ph.D. in Biology at Harvard University .
Adrian Nigel Goring - Morris is a British - born Archaeologist and a Professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel .
Sarah Morgan - Silvester ( born 1959 ) was the Chancellor of the University of British Columbia from November 19 , 2008 , through the end of her second three - year term on June 30 , 2014 .
Max Boot was educated at the University of California , Berkeley ( BA , History , 1991 ) and Yale University ( MA , Diplomatic History , 1992 ) .
Henry Ossian Flipper ( 21 March 1856 -- 3 May 1940 ) was an American soldier , former slave , and the first African American to graduate from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1877 , earning a commission as a 2nd lieutenant in the US Army .
Marilene Oliver gained a BA in Fine Art Printmaking and Photomedia at Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design and an MA in Fine Art Printmaking at the Royal College of Art , both in London .
Van H. Vu ( Vietnamese : Vũ Hà Văn ) is a Vietnamese mathematician , Percey F. Smith Professor of Mathematics at Yale University .
Maud Menten was born in Port Lambton , Ontario and studied medicine at the University of Toronto ( B.A. 1904 , M.B. 1907 , M.D. 1911 ) .
For the most part , Franklin Peale 's education was informal , though he took some classes at the University of Pennsylvania .
Christopher McDonnell studied architecture before moving on to a fashion degree at the Royal College of Art under Janey Ironside .
Born in 1849 , Bernard Loder studied law in Amsterdam at the Athenaeum Illustre of Amsterdam , the predecessor to the University of Amsterdam , and afterward studied at University of Leiden .
Known variously in his cricket career as `` Kumar Narayan '' or `` Hitendra Narayan '' , he was educated at Eton College and Cambridge University and was a forceful right - handed batsman .
Born into a noble family on 12 August 1861 , Wilmot Vyvyan was educated at Charterhouse and Trinity College , Cambridge .
A graduate of Edinburgh College of Art , Duncan Rennie worked extensively in Scottish Film and Television behind the camera before developing his career as an actor .
Charles Champion ( born 1955 near Paris ) , who holds a MSc from Stanford University , has been Airbus 380 's Executive Vice President Engineering since 1 April 2010 and a member of the Airbus Executive Committee .
Dirk ter Haar ( Dr. , B.Sc . , M.Sc . , MA , D.Sc . , FRSE ) studied physics at Leiden University , was research fellow of Niels Bohr in Copenhagen , and received his Ph.D. in Leiden from Hendrik Kramers for a dissertation on the origin of the solar system .
Gordon Welchman was educated at Marlborough College and then studied mathematics as a scholar at Trinity College , Cambridge from 1925 to 1928 .
The family lived in Hyde Park , and John Paul Stevens attended the University of Chicago Laboratory School .
Tatiana Grindenko ( Russian : Татьяна Тихоновна Гринденко ; born 1946 ) is a Russian violinist and Meritorious Artist who graduated from the Moscow Conservatory and then became an assistant to Yuri Yankelevich .
Noah Rosenberg is a geneticist working in evolutionary biology , human genetics , and population genetics , now Associate Professor at Stanford University .
William Delaune D.D. ( 14 April 1659 -- 23 May 1728 ) was an English clergyman and academic , President of St John 's College , Oxford , and chaplain to Queen Anne .
Andreas Hackethal earned his degrees in Business Administration from Goethe University in Frankfurt and the University of Iowa .
Stuart McInally is a former headboy of George Watson 's College , and started his professional career in the 2010/2011 season .
He was the illegitimate son of Sir John Ingilby , 4th Baronet and educated at Emmanuel College , Cambridge .
Kurt Akeley received a B.E.E. from the University of Delaware in 1980 , and an M.S.E.E. from Stanford University in 1982 .
Sandra Quackenbush received her bachelor 's degree in animal science nutrition from Ohio State University in 1979 , obtained her Masters in retroviral pathogenesis from Colorado State University in 1987 and her Ph.D. also in retroviral pathogenesis in 1994 from Colorado State University .
Sangeeta N. Bhatia , M.D. , Ph.D. ( b. 1968 ) is an Indian American biological engineer and professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in Cambridge , Massachusetts , United States .
Gernot Heiser ( born 1957 ) is a Scientia Professor and the John Lions Chair for operating systems at the University of New South Wales ( UNSW ) .
Henry Carter Adams ( December 31 , 1851 -- August 11 , 1921 ) was a U.S. economist and Professor of Political Economy and finance at the University of Michigan .
Bettina Goislard ( 11 November 1974 -- 16 November 2003 ) was a French employee of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) , assigned to its mission in Afghanistan .
Eric Mazur ( born November 14 , 1954 ) is a physicist and educator at Harvard University , and an entrepreneur in technology start - ups for the educational and technology markets .
Richard Mellon Scaife ( July 3 , 1932 -- July 4 , 2014 ) was an American billionaire , a principal heir to the Mellon banking , oil , and aluminum fortune , and the owner and publisher of the Pittsburgh Tribune - Review .
Aviv Regev is a computational biologist at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard , an associate professor in the department of biology at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an Early Career Scientist at Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
Michael Kißener ( born 3 December 1960 , in Bonn ) is a German historian and Professor at the University of Mainz .
Leslie Hill is professor of French at the University of Warwick .
William H. Tucker is an American professor of psychology at Rutgers University and the author of several books critical of race science .
Kurt Weiland is a native of Austria and an executive in the Church of Scientology International .
Georgiann Davis is an assistant professor of sociology at University of Nevada , Las Vegas and formerly held a similar position at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville .
William Revelle ( born c. 1944 ) is a psychology professor at Northwestern University working in personality psychology .
Wilfried Feldenkirchen was born in Cologne and studied history , English studies and economics at the University of Bonn .
Sharon Inkelas is a Professor and former Chair of the Linguistics Department at the University of California , Berkeley .
Judith Brett ( born 1949 , Melbourne ) is a professor of politics at La Trobe University , Melbourne , Australia .
Charles C. Steidel ( born October 14 , 1962 Ithaca , New York ) is an American astronomer , and Lee A. DuBridge Professor of Astronomy at California Institute of Technology .
Christina Gonzalez is a news reporter for FOX 11 ( KTTV ) in Los Angeles .
Victor Hugo Benioff ( September 14 , 1899 -- February 1 , 1968 ) was an American seismologist and a professor at the California Institute of Technology .
David Shambaugh ( Chinese : 沈大伟,born January 18 , 1953 ) is a professor of political science and international affairs at the George Washington University in Washington DC , as well as a non - resident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution .
Tenzin Priyadarshi ( The Venerable Tenzin Priyadarshi ) is the president and CEO of the Dalai Lama Center for Ethics and Transformative Values ) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Heather Lechtman is an American materials scientist and archaeologist , and Director , Center for Materials Research in Archaeology and Ethnology ( CMRAE ) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Adam Drewnowski ( born c. 1947 ) is a professor of epidemiology at the University of Washington and the director of the Center for Public Health Nutrition at the University 's School of Public Health .
Carlos D. Bustamante is a population geneticist working at Stanford University .
Rob Carter ( born 1949 ) is an American professor of typography and graphic design at Virginia Commonwealth University .
Richard B. Sewall ( 11 February 1908 - 16 April 2003 ) was a professor of English at Yale University , and author of the influential works The Life of Emily Dickinson and The Vision of Tragedy .
Benoît Duteurtre is currently a journalist writing for several French newspapers as Marianne , le Figaro and Paris - Match and presents a radio show producer for France Musique , a French public radio .
Hannah Valantine , M.D. is the Chief Officer for Scientific Workforce Diversity at the United States National Institutes of Health .
John Macnaghten Whittaker FRS ( 7 March 1905 - -29 January 1984 ) was a British mathematician and Vice - Chancellor of the University of Sheffield from 1953 to 1965 .
Dewitt H. Parker ( 1885 - -1949 ) was a professor of philosophy at the University of Michigan .
Alfreð Gíslason ( born 7 September 1959 in Akureyri , Iceland ) is a former player and coach for the Iceland national handball team and the current coach of THW Kiel .
Hans Hunziker ( August 2 , 1878 -- December 17 , 1941 ) was a Swiss psychiatrist , professor of social medicine at University of Basel , head of the Cantonal Health Office of Basel - Stadt , and notable for his contributions on neuropsychiatry .
Pierre Amoyal ( born in Paris , 22 June 1949 ) , is a French violinist and is the artistic director of the Conservatory of Lausanne .
Miroljub Jevtić ( born 1955 in Vranje , Serbia ) is Serbian Politologist of religion and professor at the Faculty of Political Science , University of Belgrade .
George Wegner Paus ( 14 October 1882 -- 22 December 1923 ) was a Norwegian lawyer and Director at the Norwegian Employers ' Confederation .
John William Gregg ( January 8 , 1880 , New Hampshire - 1969 Berkeley ) , was a 20th - century professor of landscape architecture at the University of California , Berkeley .
Peter Lawrenson , BSc , MSc , DSc , FIEE , FIEEE , FRS , FREng is an Emeritus Professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of Leeds who contributed to the development of switched reluctance ( SR ) drive technology .
Bogdan Czaykowski ( b. 1932 , Rivno , Ukraine , then in Poland , ; d. 2007 , Canada ) was a Polish Canadian poet , essayist , literary translator and literary critic , professor emeritus and former Dean at the University of British Columbia .
Steve Alpern is a professor of Operational Research at the University of Warwick , where he recently moved after working for many years at the London School of Economics .
Sir Basil Markesinis QC , DCL , FBA ( born July 10 , 1944 ) is a scholar of law and Jamail Regents Professor at the University of Texas at Austin , and was Professor of Common and Civil Law , University College London .
Martin Campbell - Kelly is an Emeritus Professor at the University of Warwick who has specialised in the history of computing .
Mark Holtzapple is a chemical engineering professor at Texas A&M University .
Colin P. Smith ( born 1955/1956 ( age 58 - -59 ) ) FRS FREng FRAeS FIMechE CBE is Director of Engineering and Technology at Rolls - Royce plc .
Paul Glendinning is a Professor of Applied Mathematics , in the School of Mathematics at the University of Manchester who is known for his work on dynamical systems , specifically models of the time - evolution of complex mathematical or physical processes .
John Brignell , Ph.D. , is a retired Professor of Industrial Instrumentation at University of Southampton .
Neil Guppy ( born December 1 , 1949 ) is a professor and sociologist at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada .
Jacob Milgrom spent most of his career at the University of California , Berkeley , where he headed the Department of Near Eastern Studies .
Robert Bagley is a professor of Chinese art history and archaeology in the Department of Art and Archaeology at Princeton University .
Jeffrey R. Di Leo is Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences and Professor of English and Philosophy at the University of Houston-- Victoria .
Anne Forrester Holloway ( 1941 -- June 23 , 2006 ) was an American diplomat whom held offices with the United States Department of State and the United Nations .
Annette Zippelius is a German physicist at the University of Göttingen .
Literature by and about Michael Matheus in the German National Library catalogue Profile of Michael Matheus at the University of Mainz
In 1966 Leo Eitinger was appointed professor of psychiatry at the University of Oslo and became Head of the University Psychiatric Clinic .
Nicholas Chare is a professor of art history at the Université de Montréal .
Daniel R. Anderson ( born 1944 ) is an American psychologist and a professor emeritus at the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
Lavinia Young was matron of Westminster Hospital .
Nick Salvatore ( born Brooklyn , New York ) is an American historian , and Maurice and Hinda Neufeld Founders Professor of Industrial and Labor Relations and Professor of American Studies at Cornell University .
Howard Jerome Keisler ( born 3 December 1936 ) is an American mathematician , currently professor emeritus at University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
John F. Benton ( 1931 Philadelphia - February 25 , 1988 Pasadena ) was the Doris and Henry Dreyfuss Professor of History , at the California Institute of Technology .
Shmuel Toledano ( Hebrew : שמואל טולידאנו‎ , born 16 January 1921 ) is an Israeli former Mossad employee and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Democratic Movement for Change and Shinui between 1977 and 1981 .
Martha Greenblatt , a chemist , researcher , and faculty member at Rutgers University , New Brunswick , New Jersey , is the only female chair of a science department in the School of Arts and Science to date ( Jan 2008 ) .
Athanasios Angelopoulos ( Greek : Αθανάσιος Αγγελόπουλος ) ( born November 6 , 1939 in Katerini , Northern Greece ) is a Professor of Pastoral Theology at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki ; founder and in - honour president of the Institute for National and Religious Studies ( Karipion Institute ) .
Marc Gopin is director of the Center for World Religions , Diplomacy and Conflict Resolution , and James H. Laue Professor at George Mason University .
Richard J. Samuels ( born November 2 , 1951 ) is an American academic , political scientist , author , Japanologist , Ford International Professor of Political Science and director of the Center for International Studies at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Marc Kamionkowski ( born 1965 , Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American theoretical physicist and currently Professor of Physics and Astronomy at Johns Hopkins University .
Ian Katz ( born 1967 - -68 ) is a British journalist who is the editor of the Newsnight current affairs programme on BBC Two .
Yoav Freund ( Hebrew : יואב פרוינד‎ ) is an Israeli professor of computer science at the University of California , San Diego who mainly works on machine learning , probability theory and related fields and applications .
Susumu Tachi ( born January 1 , 1946 ) is a professor of Graduate School of Media Design at Keio University and Professor Emeritus of the University of Tokyo .
Peter Funke studied history and German studies at the University of Münster from 1969 to 1974 .
Deepak Nayyar ( born 1946 ) is Professor of Economics at Jawaharlal Nehru University , New Delhi .
Ivo Banac ( Croatian pronunciation : ( iːʋo baːnats ) ) ( born March 1 , 1947 ) is a Croatian historian , a long - time history professor at Yale University and was a politician of the former Liberal Party in Croatia .
David Andrew Smith ( born March 5 , 1952 ) is the Deputy Director of the United Nations Information Office in Washington DC . He was formerly an award - winning TV correspondent with ITN and Channel 4 News .
Kenneth W. Bilby ( October 7 , 1918 -- August 1 , 1997 ) was a winner of the Legion of Honor , an executive vice president of RCA , and the author of The General , a book on David Sarnoff 's role in the creation of RCA and television .
Crawford Hallock Greenewalt , Jr. ( June 3 , 1937 -- May 4 , 2012 ) was a classical archaeologist at the University of California , Berkeley who made contributions to the study of Lydia through his excavations at Sardis .
Lisa M. Buttenheim ( born 1954 ) , a national of the United States , is the Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus ( UNFICYP ) .
Dr. Abdallah Daar is a Professor of Public Health Sciences at the Dalla Lana Faculty of Public Health , University of Toronto , with a cross - appointment in the department of Surgery .
Pat Keysell ( 7 June 1926 -- 31 October 2009 ) was a presenter of the BBC television series Vision On which ran from 1964 to 1976 .
David McCord Wright ( 1909 - -1968 ) was an American economist and educator at the University of Georgia .
Cristian Dumitru Popescu is a Romanian - American mathematician at the University of California , San Diego .
Murray Clarke is a Professor of Philosophy at Concordia University in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Ian Shapiro ( born 1956 ) is Sterling Professor of Political Science and Henry R. Luce Director of the MacMillan Center at Yale University .
John Corvino ( born 1969 ) is an American author , lecturer , and professor of philosophy at Wayne State University .
Jüri Uluots ( 13 January 1890 -- 9 January 1945 ) was an Estonian prime minister , journalist , prominent attorney and distinguished Professor and Dean of the Faculty of Law at the University of Tartu .
Paul Fredericq ( 12 August 1850 -- 23 March 1920 ) was a Belgian historian at Ghent University active in the promotion of the use of the Dutch language in Belgium .
Catherine Gallagher ( born 16 February 1945 ) is a historicist literary critic and Victorianist , and is Professor of English at the University of California , Berkeley .
Leonard Parkin ( 2 June 1929 - 20 September 1993 ) was a British TV journalist and newscaster who worked for both the BBC and ITN .
Aksel C. Wiin - Nielsen ( 17 February 1924 -- 26 April 2010 ) was a Danish professor of meteorology at University of Copenhagen , University of Michigan , Director of the ECMWF , and Secretary - General of WMO .
John Orrell ( December 31 , 1934 -- September 16 , 2003 ) was an author , theatre historian , and English professor at the University of Alberta .
Gary C. Cornia is an American professor who was the eighth Dean of the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University .
Sam Cowen is a South African radio DJ and co - host of the morning show The Breakfast express weekdays on Johannesburg local radio station 94.7 Highveld Stereo .
Oliver Rathkolb ( born 3 November 1955 in Vienna ) is an Austrian historian and professor for contemporary history at the University of Vienna .
Eugenio Coșeriu ( Romanian : Eugen Coșeriu , pronounced ( e.uˈd͡ʒen koˈʃerju ) ; July 27 , 1921 -- September 7 , 2002 ) was a linguist that specialized in Romance languages at the University of Tübingen , author of over 50 books , honorary member of the Romanian Academy .
John McEldowney is professor of law at the University of Warwick and former World Bank visiting fellow in the Supreme Tribunal of Justice in Venezuela .
Dan Damon is a BBC journalist and radio broadcaster who presents World Update for the BBC World Service .
Lene Auestad is a philosopher from the University of Oslo .
Hisham Melhem ( Arabic : هشام ملحم‎ Hišām Melḥem ) is a Lebanese journalist , who serves currently as Washington bureau chief of Al Arabiya News Channel and correspondent for An - Nahar newspaper .
Claire F. Gmachl is the Eugene Higgins Professor of Electrical Engineering at Princeton University .
Rowland Leonard Miall ( 6 November 1914 -- 24 February 2005 ) was a broadcaster and administrator at the BBC for 35 years , from 1939 to 1974 .
Penelope Deutscher is a professor of philosophy at Northwestern University whose work focuses on French philosophy from the 20th and 21st centuries and gender theory .
Luigi Gregori ( 1819 - -1896 ) was an Italian artist who worked at the Vatican and served as artist in residence and professor at the University of Notre Dame .
Mete Sozen is Kettelhut Distinguished Professor of Structural Engineering at Purdue University , Indiana , United States .
Franz Baader ( 15 June 1959 , Spalt ) is a German computer scientist at Dresden University of Technology .
Daniel Seltzer ( 13 February 1933 -- 2 March 1980 ) was a professor of English at Princeton University , an actor and a Shakespearean scholar .
Yasha Levine is a journalist and a former editor of Moscow - based satirical newspaper The eXile .
Francine Descartes ( 19 July 1635 , Deventer -- 7 September 1640 , Amersfoort ) was René Descartes ' daughter .
Vuslat Doğan Sabancı ( born 1971 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is the second daughter of Turkish media proprietor Aydın Doğan and is currently the Chairwoman of Hürriyet , the most influential daily newspaper in Turkey .
Hedvig Ulrika De la Gardie was the daughter of count Carl Julius De la Gardie and countess Magdalena Christina Stenbock .
Henrik Skadelår ( c. 1090 - 4 June 1134 ) was a Danish prince , the son of Svend Tronkræver , an illegitimate son of king Sweyn II of Denmark .
George Gordon , Lord Haddo ( 28 January 1764 -- 2 October 1791 ) was a Scottish Freemason and the eldest son of George Gordon , 3rd Earl of Aberdeen .
Prince Charles Louis , Duke of Chartres ( Charles Louis Henri Foulques Benoît Elzéar Jean Marie ; born on 28 July 1972 ) is the son of Prince Jacques , Duke of Orléans and Gersende de Sabran - Pontèves .
Estorre Visconti , or Astorre according to other sources ( 1346 -- 7 January 1413 ) , was one of the many illegitimate sons of the famous Bernabò Visconti , Lord of Milan and already deposed by his nephew Gian Galeazzo Visconti in 1385 .
Giovanni Kessler is the son of Bruno Kessler ( 1924 - -1991 ) , a former President of the Autonomous Province of Trento and vice - minister to the Interior .
Francisco Parra Capó was born in Ponce in 1867 , the son of Francisco Parra Duperón and Eufemia Capó Ortiz de la Renta Bermudas .
Madison De La Garza was born to Ford dealership manager Edward `` Eddie '' De La Garza and former Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader Dianna Lee Hart ( born Dianna Lee Smith on August 8 , 1962 ) .
Orderic Vitalis described Isabel of Conches , daughter of Simon I de Montfort , as brave as `` several Amazons and the legendary Camilla , who fought as ally of the Italian king Turnus in the Aeneid . ''
Jia Chong 's father Jia Kui was a military general of Cao Wei and considered an epitome of faithfulness to the state .
Ali - Royal was a `` leggy , workmanlike '' bay horse with a white star and white markings on both of his hind feet , bred at the Coolmore Stud in County Tipperary by Charles H. Wacker III . His sire , Royal Academy won the July Cup at Newmarket and the Breeders ' Cup Mile in 1990 .
Ramruma , a small , lightly - built chestnut filly with a white star , was bred at the Kentucky branch of her owner , Fahd bin Salman 's Newgate Stud , sired by Diesis out of the mare Princess of Man .
Sir Henry Fane KB , JP ( c. 1650 -- buried Basildon 12 January 1706 ) was the only son and heir of George Fane ( 1616 - -1663 ) of Hatton Garden , by his wife Dorothy daughter and heir of James Horsey of Honnington , Warwickshire .
Major Malcolm Munthe MC ( 30 January 1910 - -24 November 1995 ) was a British soldier , writer , and curator , and son of the famous Swedish doctor and writer Axel Munthe and his second wife Hilda Pennington - Mellor .
At Talaq was sired by Roberto out of the mare My Nord ( by Vent du Nord ) .
Gerloc ( or Geirlaug ) , baptised in Rouen as Adela ( or Adèle ) in 912 , was the daughter of Rollo , first duke of Normandy , and his wife , Poppa .
He succeeded his father , Duke Ping of Jin , who died in 532 BC . Duke Zhao of Jin reigned for 6 years and died in 526 BC . During his reign the state was increasingly dominated by the six powerful clans :
The kingdom had been founded by Agaja 's father Houegbadja who ruled from 1645 until 1685 on the Abomey plateau .
Louis Agassiz Shaw II was born to Robert Gould Shaw II and Mary Hannington ; the Shaws were a wealthy and influential Boston family .
Casimir Ehrnrooth 's father Göran Ehrnrooth ( 1905 - -1996 ) was a bank manager at Pohjoismaiden Yhdyspankki , and later Nordea after several mergers .
In the Book of Genesis , Hul ( Hebrew : חוּל‎ Ḥūl ) is the son of Aram , son of Shem .
Sarah 's Secret was sired by Leroidesanimaux , who also sired in the same season as 2011 Kentucky Derby winner Animal Kingdom .
John Petrie was born 15 January 1822 in Edinburgh , the eldest son of Andrew Petrie and Mary Cuthbertson .
The eldest son of actors Humberto Zurita and Christian Bach , Sebastián Zurita Bach made his acting debut as a child , appearing in Cañaveral de Pasiones ( 1996 ) as young Pablo Montero .
In Greek mythology , Oncius ( Ὅγκιος Onkios ) or Oncus ( Ὅγκος Onkos ) was a son of Apollo and a ruler over Oncium ( Onkeion ) , a region of Arcadia adjacent to Thelpusa , as well as eponym of a city Oncae .
Raymond Phélypeaux was son of Louis Phélypeaux , lord of La Cave and La Vrillière .
Even the Empress Dowager Cixi traced her descent back to the Yehe division of the Nara clan , and recognized Yangginu , the father of Gintaisi , as her great ancestor .
Tom Fool was a bay colt by the racehorse and sire Menow out of Gaga by Pharamond II . He was a half - brother to the good two - year - old Aunt Jinny , and was a great - grandson of the broodmare Laughing Queen , whose other descendants included the Kentucky Derby winner Dust Commander .
Chief 's Crown was a son of leading sire Danzig and Six Crowns , who was by Secretariat and out of the 1974 U.S. Filly Triple Crown winner Chris Evert .
William VIII of Jülich , Count of Ravensberg ( c. 1380 -- 22 November 1428 ) was the youngest son of William VII of Jülich , 1st Duke of Berg and Anna of the Palatinate .
Kurunta was a Hittite king , a son of Muwatalli II born in the 13th century BC , and cousin of Tudhaliya IV . Kurunta is a Luwian name ; he also bore the Hurrian name Ulmi - Tessup ( often spelled Ulmi - Teshub `` ) .
William Seymour , 3rd Duke of Somerset ( 1654 -- 12 December 1671 ) was the son of Henry Seymour , Lord Beauchamp and Mary Capell .
Sir Percy Florence Shelley , 3rd Baronet of Castle Goring ( 12 November 1819 -- 5 December 1889 ) was the son and only surviving child of Percy Bysshe Shelley and his second wife , Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley .
Union Rags is a bay with a white blaze sired by Dixie Union who won the Haskell Invitational Handicap in 2000 before becoming a successful stallion .
Christian Cannabich was the third child of Martin Friedrich Cannabich ( 1690 - -1773 ) , a flautist , oboist and music teacher at the Mannheim court .
Dagobert II ( c. 650 -- December 23 , 679 ) was the king of Austrasia ( 676 - -79 ) , the son of Sigebert III and Chimnechild of Burgundy .
Moon Zappa was born in New York City , the eldest child of Gail ( née Sloatman ) and musician Frank Zappa .
Avoise de Craon ( before 1178-c . 1230 ) daughter of Maurice II de Craon and wife of Guy V de Laval .
In Greek mythology , Dorus ( Ancient Greek : Δῶρος ) is a son of Hellen who was the eponymous founder of the Dorians .
Pieter Brueghel the Younger was born in Brussels , the oldest son of the famous sixteenth - century Netherlandish painter Pieter Brueghel the Elder ( known as `` Peasant Brueghel '' ) and Mayken Coecke van Aelst .
James Hamilton , 7th Earl of Abercorn FRS PC ( 22 March 1686 -- 11 January 1744 ) was a Scottish and Irish nobleman , the son of James Hamilton , 6th Earl of Abercorn and Elizabeth Reading .
Gottfried , Prince of Hohenlohe - Langenburg ( German : Gottfried Hermann Alfred Paul Maximilian Viktor Fürst zu Hohenlohe - Langenburg ; 24 March 1897 -- 11 May 1960 ) was the only surviving son of Ernst II , Prince of Hohenlohe - Langenburg .
Darara was a small , lightly built bay mare with a faint white star and a white sock on her left hind leg bred in Ireland by his owner Aga Khan IV . Her sire Top Ville was an Irish - bred , French - trained horse which won the Prix du Jockey Club in 1979 .
Khun Lo , legendary founder of the city of Luang Prabang , was the eldest of the seven sons of the Khun Borom , and is credited as being the first of the prehistoric Lao monarchs .
Dejazmatch Alemayehu Tewodros , often referred to as HIH Prince Alemayehu or Alamayou of Ethiopia ( 23 April 1861 -- 14 November 1879 ) was the son of Emperor Tewodros II of Ethiopia .
Shahnawaz Bhutto ( November 21 , 1958 -- July 18 , 1985 ; Sindhi : شاھنواز ڀٽو ) was the son of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto ( President / Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1971 to 1977 ) and Begum Nusrat Bhutto .
Robert Ellsberg , son of Daniel Ellsberg is the editor - in - chief and publisher of Orbis Books , the publishing arm of Maryknoll .
Alfonso de Cartagena was the second son of Rabbi Paul of Burgos , who converted from Judaism to Christianity in 1390 or 1391 .
Catherine Carey was born in about 1524 , the daughter of Sir William Carey of Aldenham in Hertfordshire , Gentleman of the Privy Chamber and Esquire of the Body to Henry VIII , and his wife Mary Boleyn , who had once been a mistress of the king .
Rupert , Count of Nassau - Sonnenberg ( c. 1340 -- 4 September 1390 ) , nicknamed the Bellicose , was a son of Gerlach I , Count of Nassau and his second wife , Irmgard of Hohenlohe .
Petar Zrinski was born in Vrbovec , a small town near Zagreb , the son of Juraj V Zrinski and Magdalena Szechy .
Bianca de ' Medici , usually known as Bia de ' Medici , ( c. 1536 -- 1 March 1542 ) was the illegitimate daughter of Cosimo I de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany , born before his first marriage .
Osmán Morote Barrionuevo known with the alias of Comrade Nicolas was one of Efraín Morote Best 's sons .
According to the Torah , Gershon ( Hebrew : גֵּרְשׁוֹן‎ Gêrəšōn ) was the eldest of the sons of Levi , and the patriarchal founder of the Gershonites , one of the four main divisions among the Levites in biblical times .
Oguri Cap ( Japanese : オグリキャップ , 27 March 1985 -- 3 July 2010 ) was a Japanese thoroughbred racehorse , sired by Dancing Cap .
When he heard of the death of his father Shahrukh Mirza , Ulugh Beg went to Balkh , where he heard that his nephew Ala - ud - Daulah Mirza bin Baysonqor , son of Ulugh 's brother Baysonqor , had claimed the emirship of the Timurid Empire in Herat .
Mihai Brediceanu ( b. 14 June 1920 , Brașov - d. 4 March 2005 ) was a Romanian composer , conductor and musicologist , son of the composer Tiberiu Brediceanu .
Sir Tristram was by the outstanding racehorse and sire Sir Ivor ( by Sir Gaylord ) out of Isolt ( by Round Table ) , and had 19 starts for two wins in France .
The son of Pulitzer Prize - winning poet and literary critic / teacher Mark Van Doren and novelist and writer Dorothy Van Doren , and nephew of critic and Pulitzer Prize - winning biographer Carl Van Doren , Charles Van Doren was a committed academic with an unusually broad range of interests .
Evelyn Einstein ( 28 March 1941 -- 13 April 2011 ) was the adopted daughter of Hans Albert Einstein , the son of Albert Einstein .
Ali Babba bin Bello was born in 1804 the son of a Hausa concubine with Muhammed Bello , the second Sultan of Sokoto , and the grandson of Usman dan Fodio , the first Sultan .
John Keegan de Lancie ( born October 31 , 1984 ) is an American actor and son of actor John de Lancie and Marnie Mosiman .
Natalie Cole Sings the Songs of Nat `` King '' Cole received Emmy nominations for Outstanding Variety , Music or Comedy Program ; and Cole received a nomination for Outstanding Individual Performance , losing to Bette Midler .
Jerzy Kossak ( Kraków , 11 September 1886 -- 11 May 1955 , Kraków ) was a Polish realist painter specializing in military scenes ; son of painter Wojciech Kossak and grandson of painter Juliusz Kossak -- a third - generation artist from a well - known and sought after family of painters , writers and poets .
Prince William of Denmark or Prince Vilhelm ( 21 February 1687 -- 23 November 1705 ) was the youngest son of Christian V of Denmark and his consort Queen Charlotte Amalie , and thus a younger brother of King Frederick IV . He never married because he died young .
Southdown Creative is an award - winning film and video and live event production company headquartered in Seattle , Washington .
In 1917 he founded the Kessler Motor Company in Detroit , Michigan after several attempts .
World Fuel Services is a Fortune 100 company that is based in Miami , Florida .
HP Enterprise Business was one of three global business segments of Palo Alto based Hewlett - Packard Company .
Bocci is a Canadian design and manufacturing company based in Vancouver and Berlin , founded in 2005 by Randy Bishop and Omer Arbel .
The Berkeley Group Holdings plc is a British property developer based in Cobham , Surrey .
Pertamina ( was Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara , lit . ' State Oil and Natural Gas Mining Company ' ) is an Indonesian state - owned oil and natural gas corporation based in Jakarta .
Colorado School of Mines , also referred to as `` Mines '' and `` CSM '' , is a public teaching and research university in Golden , Colorado , devoted to engineering and applied science , with special expertise in the development and stewardship of the Earth 's natural resources .
Thales Australia is best known for its naval ship repair operations , and currently leases the Captain Cook graving dock at Garden Island Naval Base in Sydney , New South Wales and also leases and occupies many of the buildings there .
Regal Entertainment Group , abbreviated REG , is an American movie theater chain headquartered in unincorporated Halls Crossroads , just north of Knoxville , Tennessee .
Together , the 128 Tasti D - Lite and Planet Smoothie locations will now be run from the Kahala Brands corporate headquarters in Scottsdale , Arizona .
Kruidvat 's headquarters is located in Renswoude with its main distribution centre in Heteren .
Marine Midland Bank was a bank formerly headquartered in Buffalo , New York , with several hundred branches throughout the state of New York .
Select Model Management is a modelling agency based in London .
Scéno Plus Inc. is a Montreal - based entertainment design firm founded in 1985 .
August Storck KG is a German sweets producer with headquarters in Berlin , owned by Axel Oberwelland .
The archives of the Progressive Democrats party were presented to University College Dublin on 10 June 2009 .
The shares of stock of CRDB Bank are listed on the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange , where they trade under the symbol :
Wunderman launched the joint venture PT Wunderman Pamungkas Indonesia in August 2012 , based in South Jakarta , offers digital marketing and CRM to global and local brands .
Naterra was originally founded in Dallas , Texas , in 1922 as the Superior Products Company .
Zyvex Technologies ( formerly Zyvex Performance Materials , ZPM ) is a molecular engineering company headquartered in Columbus , Ohio .
Scality is a software company based in San Francisco , California founded in 2009 .
Trivone Digital Services Pvt Ltd. Trivone is a Bangalore - based digital media and content services company .
The Mono Lake Committee ( MLC ) is an environmental organization based in Lee Vining , California in the United States .
IDEX Corporation , based in Lake Forest , Illinois , is a publicly traded company engaged in the development , design , and manufacture of fluidics systems and specialty engineered products .
Gazit - Globe Israel is also the controlling shareholder of Dori Group ( 73.9 % ) , a public company traded on the Tel - Aviv Stock Exchange ( TASE : DORI ) and one of Israel 's leading construction companies .
Claussen and Claussen was an architecture firm based in Portland , Oregon , that designed several prominent buildings in the first half of the 20th century .
Bashkir State University ( Russian : Башкирский государственный университет ) is located in Ufa , Bashkortostan , Russia , founded in 1909 , is among the top 10 classical universities of Russia .
The Airports Authority of Trinidad and Tobago ( AATT ) is a government airport management agency of Trinidad and Tobago headquartered in the Airports Administration Centre in the South Terminal of Piarco International Airport in Piarco , Tunapuna - Piarco , Trinidad .
Webster 's Brewery ( Samuel Webster & Sons Ltd ) , was founded in 1838 by Samuel Webster and operated at the Fountain Head Brewery in Halifax , West Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Norma Editorial is a Spanish comics publisher , with its headquarters in Barcelona .
Tuas Power Ltd is one of the largest power generation companies and a key provider of energy solutions , multi - utilities and environmental services in Singapore .
Then Newell changed its name to Newell Rubbermaid Inc. In 2003 , the company announced its move out of Wooster to Atlanta , Georgia ; 850 manufacturing and warehouse jobs would be eliminated , and 400 office jobs would move to other locations .
Liquor and Poker Music is an American rock record label based in Hawthorne , California .
TAG Tegernsee Immobilien und Beteiligungs - AG ( TAG Tegernsee Property and Holding Company ) is a property company from Germany with its head office in Hamburg .
Telik , Inc. ( NASDAQ : TELK ) , was set up in 1988 and now is headquartered in Palo Alto , California , a clinical - stage drug manufacturing company .
Pure Storage is a Mountain View , California - based enterprise data flash storage company founded in 2009 .
Ballast Nedam is a Dutch - based construction and engineering company headquartered in Nieuwegein .
Essar Steel Algoma ( formerly Algoma Steel ) is an integrated primary steel producer located on the St. Marys River in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , Canada .
DNASTAR is a global bioinformatics software company incorporated in 1984 that is headquartered in Madison , Wisconsin .
Cementir Holding S.p . A. , incorporated in 1947 in Rome , Italy , is a holding company with subsidiaries manufacturing cement and concrete , principally in Turkey and Denmark .
International Bank of Asia Limited ( Chinese : 港基國際銀行有限公司 ) or IBA ( Former stock code : SEHK : 636 ) was acquired by Taiwan - based Fubon Group in 2004 and now operates under the name `` Fubon Bank ( Hong Kong ) Limited '' ( 富邦銀行(香港)有限公司 ) .
Pritish Nandy Communications , often abbreviated to PNC , is an entertainment , news and media content corporation , and a maker of Indian movies , based in Mumbai , India .
Centre for Civil Society ( CCS ) is a non - profit think tank based in New Delhi .
Fleischer Studios , Inc. , was an American corporation which originated as an animation studio located at 1600 Broadway , New York City , New York .
Sieur d'Arques is a wine producer cooperative located in Limoux in the Languedoc - Roussillon area of France .
ProAssurance Corporation , headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama , is a property and casualty company that sells professional liability insurance to doctors .
Vedanta Resources plc is a global diversified metals and mining company headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
The Morgan Iron Works was a 19th - century manufacturing plant for marine steam engines located in New York City , United States .
Armour Transportation Systems is a transportation and warehousing company based in Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada .
In 1898 Givaudan moved to Geneva ( Switzerland ) and constructed a factory in Vernier .
Utopia Group SA is a Luxembourgian cinema chain that owns and operates cinemas located predominantly in Belgium , Luxembourg , and the Netherlands .
Valitor is an acquirer , card issuer and payment gateway solutions company headquartered in Hafnarfjörður , Iceland .
The Steaz brand , headquartered in Doylestown , Pennsylvania , is currently owned by the privately held Healthy Beverage Company .
Geron Corporation is a biotechnology company located in Menlo Park , California that specializes in developing and commercialization of therapeutic products for cancer that inhibit telomerase .
Yüksel Tohumculuk ( Yuksel Seeds ) is a Turkish plant breeding company , based in Antalya .
Audiolith Records is a German Independent record label from Bahrenfeld , Hamburg , which publishes mainly Electronic music and Indie rock .
Think Global was an electric car company located in Oslo , Norway , which manufactured cars under the TH !
Peavey Electronics Corporation is one of the largest audio equipment manufacturers in the world , headquartered in Meridian , Mississippi , United States .
Slash Records is a record label in Los Angeles , originally specializing in local and punk rock bands .
Eidsiva Energi is a Norwegian energy company based in Hamar with large sections of Oppland and Hedmark as core market , and is the largest producer , distributor and trader of electricity in both counties .
The Valdostan Union , also Valdostian Union or Valdotanian Union , ( French : Union Valdôtaine , UV ) is a regionalist and centrist political party in Aosta Valley , Italy .
CanadaUpdates operates from offices in Surrey , British Columbia , with a secondary support offices located in Mohali , and Gurgaon , India .
Cousins Properties , Inc. , headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia , is a real estate investment trust , and one of the oldest publicly traded real estate companies in the country .
Appenzell Railways ( German : Appenzeller Bahnen , AB ) is a Swiss railway company with headquarters in Herisau .
Within the SolarWorld Group many specialized workers are employed in the enterprise 's units located in Bonn ( headquarters ) , Freiberg , Arnstadt , Germany , and Hillsboro , Oregon ( US headquarters ) .
Boulder Electric Vehicle was a manufacturer of electric - powered commercial vans and trucks based in Lafayette , Colorado .
Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS is a pulp mill and paper mill located in Halden , Norway , which produces supercalender ( SC ) magazine paper .
Airservices Australia 's headquarters is located in the Alan Woods Building in central Canberra .
The headquarters of the parent company , NorthStar Group , is based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Brauerei C & A Veltins ( German pronunciation : ( ˈfɛltɪns ) ) is a brewery in the west German city of Meschede - Grevenstein .
Boost ETP is an independent boutique Exchange Traded Products ( ETP ) provider , based in London , United Kingdom .
Infront Sports & Media is a sports marketing company based in Zug , Switzerland .
Laminar Research is a small software company based out of Columbia , South Carolina , and is dedicated to providing software that accurately reflects the laws of physics .
Leatherman is a brand of multitools and knives made by Leatherman Tool Group of Portland , Oregon , US .
Silicon Laboratories , Inc. ( Silicon Labs ) is a worldwide fabless semiconductor company headquartered in Austin , Texas , United States , that develops silicon , software and tools for the Internet of Things ( IoT ) , Internet infrastructure , industrial automation , consumer and automotive markets .
Oil Can Henry 's is an oil - change shop based in Tualatin , Oregon , United States .
Vallourec S.A. is a multinational company headquartered in Boulogne - Billancourt , Paris , France , which provides solutions to energy industries , as well as the industrial sector , such as the construction , automotive , and mechanical industries .
Givova is a sports teamwear and footwear trademark founded in 2008 in Scafati ( Italy ) by Giovanni Acanfora .
U - Right International Holdings Limited ( Chinese : 佑威國際控股有限公司 ) ( SEHK : 627 ) , or U - Right ( Chinese : 佑威 ) , was a garment distributor and retailer headquartered in Hong Kong .
DesignCrowd was started in a garage in Sydney , Australia .
Aereo was a technology company based in New York City that allowed subscribers to view live and time - shifted streams of over - the - air television on Internet - connected devices .
Following the restoration of Latvia 's independence in 1991 , a new radical nationalist movement , also called Pērkonkrusts , was formed in 1995 .
PacifiCorp is currently headquartered in the Lloyd Center Tower at 825 N.E. Multnomah Street , Portland , Oregon , in the Lloyd District .
Lojas Americanas is a Brazilian retail chain founded in 1929 in the city of Niterói , Rio de Janeiro , by Austrian Max Landesmann and Americans John Lee , Glen Matson , James Marshall and Batson Borger .
Located in Raleigh , North Carolina near Research Triangle Park , IT Works has installed over 225 financial and grant management solutions in 85 major universities and research hospitals in the U.S. and Canada over the past 22 years .
Transbaikal State University ( Russian : Забайкальский государственный университет ) is an institution of higher education in Chita , Russia .
Cullinet was headquartered at 400 Blue Hill Drive in Westwood , Massachusetts .
Nostromo Defensa is a defense contractor based in Córdoba , Argentina .
Parsons Corporation ( Parsons ) is an engineering , construction , technical , and management services firm headquartered in Pasadena , California .
Until its closing in 2010 , Simon David was the oldest gourmet and specialty foods store in Dallas , Texas .
Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter mbH , commonly abbreviated LGW , is a German regional airline headquartered in Dortmund .
SIMPO ( full legal name : SIMPO a.d . Vranje ) is a Serbian home furnishing manufacturer and retailer , with headquarters in Vranje .
Les Mills International was founded by Phillip Mills and named after his father Les Mills , four - time Olympian and founder of the Les Mills World of Fitness chain of gyms in Auckland , New Zealand .
UGallery is a curated online art gallery headquartered in San Francisco .
The National Bank of Liechtenstein ( German : Liechtensteinische Landesbank ) is the central bank of Liechtenstein , based in the capital city Vaduz .
Sellier & Bellot is a firearms ammunition manufacturer situated in Vlašim , Czech Republic .
The Victoria Press was a printer started by Emily Faithfull in London , in 1860 .
Lee + Mundwiler Architects ( a.k.a . leeMundwiler ) is an architectural design studio based in Los Angeles , California and Basel , Switzerland .
In the summer of 1978 Issta leased an aircraft from El Al for an entire season and operated student charter flights from Tel Aviv to European destinations .
The DishHD corporate office is located in Taipei , Taiwan .
Meteksan Savunma is a Turkish defense technology company , based in Ankara specializing in microwave and millimeter wave systems , laser systems , communication data links and radios , underwater acoustic systems and simulators .
Musicland Studios was a recording studio located in Munich , Germany .
Bell & Howell is a U.S .- based former manufacturer of motion picture machinery , founded in 1907 by two projectionists , and headquartered in Wheeling , Illinois .
Hand in hand with Teka , the Racing de Santander was the first Spanish football team to have advertising on their uniforms .
However , Amilcar quickly outgrew their restricted city - centre premises , and during the middle part of 1924 the company relocated to Saint - Denis on the northern edge of the city .
Smells Like Records is an independent record label based in Hoboken , New Jersey formed by Sonic Youth drummer Steve Shelley in 1993 .
Catamaran Corporation ( formerly SXC Health Solutions ) is a Schaumburg , Illinois based pharmacy benefit management company that sells services related to pharmacy benefit management and medical record keeping to businesses in the United States .
Airstream is a brand of luxury recreational vehicle manufactured in Jackson Center , Ohio , USA .
Aviation Repair Technologies ( ART ) is an aircraft maintenance company based in Blytheville , Arkansas ( one hour north of Memphis , TN ) .
Sysomos Inc. is a Toronto - based social media analytics company .
Hennessy 's was an American department store owned by Mercantile Stores and was headquartered in Billings , Montana .
Multiyork is a British furniture retailer based in Thetford , Norfolk .
CzechBoys was founded in 1999 by Pavel Rada and is based in Prague , Czech Republic .
Renfro Foods , Inc. is a privately owned , award - winning food producer of salsas , sauces and relishes , including 30 Mrs. Renfro 's products , located in Fort Worth , Texas .
Sydbank A / S is one of Denmark 's largest full service banks headquartered in Aabenraa .
The Foundation for Defense of Democracies ( FDD ) is a think tank based in Washington , D.C. , focusing on national security and foreign policy .
Quality Systems , Inc.(NASDAQ : QSII ) was set up on April 24 , 1974 and is now based in Irvine , California , marketing on the healthcare information systems and connectivity solutions in the United States .
Codiac Transpo is the urban transit service of the City of Moncton , operated on behalf of Moncton , the City of Dieppe and the Town of Riverview in New Brunswick , Canada .
KF Albpetrol Patos is an Albanian football club located in the city of Patos in Fier County .
Pica8 , Inc. is a computer networking company headquartered in Palo Alto , California , USA .
Audiokinetic Inc. is a Canadian software company based in Montreal , Quebec that develops audio software for the video game industry .
Amuza Motors Pty Ltd of Perth is an Australian automotive company which exhibited its Ford Falcon - based stretch limo at the 2003 Tokyo Auto Salon .
Zerofootprint is a cleantech software and services company based in Toronto , Canada .
The Distelhäuser Brewery ( German : Distelhäuser Brauerei ) is a medium - sized brewery in Distelhausen , a district of Tauberbischofsheim in the Tauber valley , in Tauber - Franconia , Germany .
Turkish Airlines ( Turkish : Türk Hava Yolları ) ( BİST : THYAO ) is the national flag carrier airline of Turkey , headquartered at the Turkish Airlines General Management Building on the grounds of Atatürk Airport in Yeşilköy , Bakırköy , Istanbul .
The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy ( The AusIMM ) was founded in Carlton , Victoria , Australia in 1893 and provides services to professionals engaged in all facets of the global minerals sector .
Reis Robotics was founded in 1957 in Obernburg , Bavaria , Germany by Walter Reis as a tool maker .
Dean , Smith & Grace is a British manufacturer of lathes and milling machines , based in Keighley , West Yorkshire .
Cheek by Jowl is an Associate Company of the Barbican Centre , London .
Keolis Downer commenced trading on 30 November 2009 , when the joint venture commenced operating the Yarra Trams franchise on the Melbourne tram network .
The Greenbrier Companies is a publicly traded transportation manufacturing corporation based in Lake Oswego , Oregon , United States .
In 2005 , Vendo was renamed `` Sanden Vendo America '' to reflect its strong alliance with Japan - based Sanden Corporation and moved its headquarters to Dallas , Texas .
The Big Yellow Group Plc is a Bagshot , Surrey based self - storage company that operates in London and the South East of England .
Mobilegov is located within the Sophia Antipolis ( France ) technology park and the Thames Valley in the United Kingdom .
Harbour City Ferries was formed as a 50/50 joint venture between Transdev Australasia and Transfield Services and began operating the services of Sydney Ferries under a seven - year contract on 28 July 2012 .
Hallmark Cards is a privately owned American company based in Kansas City , Missouri .
In the 2007 election the Saskatchewan Liberal Party was again shut out of the Legislature , this time finishing better than third only in Regina Walsh Acres .
The BBC World Service broadcasts from Broadcasting House in London , headquarters of the corporation as a whole .
Janrain , sometimes styled as JanRain , is a customer profile - management provider based in Portland , Oregon .
Block Communications ( also known as Blade Communications ) is an American privately held holding company of various assets , mainly in the print and broadcast media , based in Toledo , Ohio .
Goji 's Frozen Yogurt is a Canadian frozen yogurt chain company founded by Janette Zacharias and Carol Wirsz and is based in Moncton , New Brunswick .
AirLaunch was an aerospace design and development company headquartered in Kirkland , Washington .
DROsoft is a computer and video game software distributor headquartered in Madrid , Spain .
Leggett & Platt ( L&P ) , based in Carthage , Missouri , is a diversified manufacturer ( and member of the S&P 500 Index ) that designs and produces engineered components and products used in homes , offices , automobiles , and airplanes .
Invensys Ltd. is a multinational engineering and information technology company headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Thomas Smith & Sons manufactured steam , diesel and electric powered cranes in their Old Foundry on a narrow strip of land between Town Street in Rodley near Leeds and the Leeds and Liverpool Canal .
The Portek International group ( P09 ) is a Singapore stock exchange listed all - in - one integrated services provider of global port solutions .
Christopherson Business Travel is a corporate Travel Management Company headquartered in Salt Lake City , Utah and founded in 1953 .
The Asia Business Council was established in Hong Kong in 2002 , and is an independent organization of top executives , typically from leading Asian companies or multinational corporations with significant Asian operations , who share an interest in the policies needed to ensure the continued economic development and competitiveness of the region .
Ihagee was a camera manufacturer based in Dresden , Germany .
Maregiglio is an Italian shipping company which operates in routes from Porto Santo Stefano to Isola del Giglio and Giannutri , in Tuscany .
Warrior Sports is an American manufacturer of lacrosse , ice hockey and soccer equipment and clothing based in Warren , Michigan .
Pravex Bank is a private commercial bank based in Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Kazakhfilm ( i/ˌkɑːzəkˈfilm/ ; Kazakh : Қазақфильм , Qazaqfilm , pronounced ( qɑzɑqfilm ) ; Russian : Казахфильм ) is a Kazakh film studio , located in Almaty , Kazakhstan .
Banjalučka Pivara is a Bosnian brewing company based in Banja Luka .
AeroVironment , Inc. is an American technology company in Monrovia , California , and Simi Valley , California , that is primarily involved in energy systems , electric vehicle systems , and unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) .
Northampton Community College is a community college with campuses in Bethlehem Township , Northampton County , Pennsylvania , USA , just outside the city of Bethlehem in the Lehigh Valley region of the state , and in Tannersville , Pennsylvania in neighboring Monroe County .
Trans Adriatic Pipeline AG is a joint venture company registered in Baar , canton Zug , Switzerland , with a purpose of planning , developing and building the TAP pipeline .
Azerbaijan Medical University , named after Nariman Narimanov ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Tibb Universiteti ) is the formal name of the public medical school located in Baku , Azerbaijan .
AmnesiaGames is an independent video game developer based in Santiago , Chile founded in 2006 in Santiago , Chile .
Dysan was a storage media manufacturing corporation , formed in 1973 in San Jose , California , by CEO and former president C. Norman Dion of San Jose , California .
North Street Capital , LP is a privately owned private equity and hedge fund firm based in Greenwich , Connecticut .
East Carolina University is a public , doctoral / research university in Greenville , North Carolina , United States .
Typhoon Games Ltd. was founded in August 2001 in Hong Kong as a game developing and publishing company that caters mainly to the Asian market .
Vandoren was founded in 1905 by Eugene Van Doren ( 1873 - 1940 ) , a clarinetist for the Paris Opera ; his son , Robert Van Doren ( 1904 - 1996 ) , took over the business in 1935 .
By 1854 , the Lawrence & Foulks shipyard had relocated to North Fifth Street , Williamsburg ( now a part of Brooklyn ) , where it would remain for the next 17 years .
Yorba Foundation was a non - profit software group based in San Francisco , and founded by Adam Dingle wanting to bring first class software to the open source community .
The Family Emergency Shelter Coalition ( FESCO ) is a non - profit organization in Hayward , California which aims to provide shelter , transitional housing and support services for families and children in Alameda County .
Cegereal , frequently styled CeGeREAL , is a real estate management company based in Paris , France .
PlanetSpace was a privately funded Chicago - based rocket and space travel project founded by Geoff Sheerin , CEO of the Canadian Arrow corporation and Dr. Chirinjeev Kathuria in 2005 .
Forges de Zeebrugge is an arms manufacturer in based in Herstal , Belgium .
Alrifai is a Lebanese multinational nut retailing company headquartered in Beirut , Lebanon , and a wholly owned subsidiary of Alrifai International Holding Ltd. It is the largest nut retailing chain in the Middle East and the company with the biggest market share in Lebanon .
Seiter & Miller Advertising is an independently owned , full service advertising agency based in New York City .
Abitibi Power and Paper Company was a forest products business based in Montreal , Quebec that was founded in 1914 .
Vesuvius plc is a leading engineered ceramics company headquartered in London whose products are used by steelmakers and foundries as well as in the glass and solar energy industries .
Excalibur Almaz is based in Douglas , Isle of Man , with offices in Houston and Moscow .
Great Plains Energy Incorporated is a holding company based in Kansas City , Missouri that owns electric utility Kansas City Power and Light Company and Strategic Energy , LLC , an energy management company .
In early 2007 , DNE was split into two separate branches , Discovery Networks UK and Discovery Network EMEA , both headquartered in London .
Grundig Business Systems ( GBS ) is a German company located in Bayreuth and Nuremberg in Germany and employs 170 people .
China Motor Corporation ( CMC ; Chinese : 中華汽車工業 ; pinyin : Zhōnghuá Qìchē Gōngyè ) is an automobile manufacturer based in Taipei , Taiwan .
The People 's Navy was headed by the Kommando der Volksmarine ( People 's Navy HQ Command ) in Rostock - Gehlsdorf .
Narrative Science is a technology company based in Chicago , Illinois that invented Quill , an advanced natural language generation platform powered by artificial intelligence .
The Wasserstrom Company is restaurant supplier based in Columbus , Ohio with distribution centers located across North America .
Good Technology , owned by BlackBerry Limited , is a mobile security provider headquartered in Sunnyvale , California , United States .
Chonghaejin Marine Company Ltd. or Cheonghaejin Marine Company Ltd. ( Hangul : 청해진해운 ; hanja : 淸海鎭海運 ; RR : cheong - hae - jin - hae - un ) is a South Korean shipping company that operated the ferry MV Sewol that sank en route from Incheon towards Jeju on 16 April 2014 .
Houlihan Lokey was founded in 1972 and is headquartered at Constellation Place in Century City , Los Angeles , California .
Shriro Group is a private company headquartered in Hong Kong .
Parris Cues are a snooker cue maker headquartered in London .
Chornomornaftogaz ( also : Chernomorneftegaz , Ukrainian : Чорноморнафтогаз , Russian : Черноморнефтегаз , lit . `` Black Sea oil and gas '' ) is an oil and gas company located in Simferopol , Crimea .
Petland Discounts is a privately owned chain of pet stores based in Brentwood , New York .
IGEL Technology ( /ˈaɪdʒɛl/ EYE - jell ) is a developer , manufacturer and distributor of thin and zero client hardware and software headquartered in Bremen , Germany .
Project Forum is a non - profit organisation established in 2006 in Bratislava , Slovakia .
Urban Retail Properties is a third - party retail management company based in Chicago .
In 2012 , Clearwire moved the company headquarters to Bellevue , Washington .
By the Summer of 2005 , XMission worked out an agreement with Salt Lake City government to expand free wireless to many parts of downtown Salt Lake City , Utah .
Moss Bros Group PLC is a public limited company set up in 1851 by Moses Moss in Covent Garden , London , UK .
URW++ Design and Development GmbH , is a typeface foundry based in Hamburg Germany .
Epitome Music Library ( EML ) is an American - based multinational production music library located in Los Angeles , California that licenses music for film , television , commercials , video games , and other audio / video productions .
Flying Buffalo Incorporated ( FBI ) is a Scottsdale , Arizona game company that publishes role playing games , card games , gaming materials , and runs Play - by - mail games .
Pizza Brain is an American pizza culture museum and pizzeria , and home to the world 's largest collection of pizza memorabilia and collectibles , headquartered in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia , United States , with the flagship restaurant on Frankford Avenue .
Coillte ( Irish pronunciation : ( ˈkəilʲtʲə ) , meaning `` Forests''/``Woods '' ) is a state - sponsored company in Ireland , based in Newtownmountkennedy .
It is now known as Intermeccanica International Inc. , and has since 1981 been based in Vancouver ( Canada ) .
The Somalia Petroleum Corporation ( SPC ) , also known as the Somalia Petroleum Company , is a hydrocarbon exploration and production firm based in Mogadishu , Somalia .
Gyro - Kopp - Ters is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Lake City , Florida and founded by brothers Bob and Arden Kopp .
Financial Clarity , Inc. is a multi - family office located in Mountain View , California .
Nationwide International is a branch of Nationwide Building Society , based in Douglas on the Isle of Man .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ; French : Comité international olympique , CIO ) is an international , non - profit , non - governmental organization based in Lausanne , Switzerland , created by Pierre de Coubertin , on 23 June 1894 with Demetrios Vikelas as its first president .
The corporation was founded in Linares , N.L. , MEX , by the Rodriguez family , and has been passed down through generations , right now they reside in the city of Monterrey N.L as the base plate for Grupo Senda .
Brinly - Hardy Company is an American corporation located in Jeffersonville , Indiana .
After the war of independence , Perjan Pegadaian back to Jakarta and Pegadaian run by the Government of the Republic of Indonesia .
The Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters ( Norwegian : Det Norske Videnskaps - Akademi , DNVA ) is a learned society based in Oslo , Norway .
Groupe BPCE owns more than 70 % of Natixis while the remaining float is listed on the Paris Stock Exchange .
From its headquarters in Paris , Twenga runs 14 websites for markets in the United States , UK , France , Spain , Italy , Germany , the Netherlands , Sweden , Poland , Brazil , Russia , Australia , China and Japan .
Hydroscand AB was established in Stockholm , 1969 .
Boxful is a Hong Kong company that provides self - storage box services .
Wildsmith Shoes is a high - end English handmade footwear manufacturer , founded in London in 1847 by husband and wife team , Matthew and Rebecca Wildsmith .
Headquartered in Neckarsulm , Schwarz Gruppe achieved a turnover of nearly 80 billion euro in the fiscal year 2014/2015 .
Air Polonia was the first privately owned low - cost airline in Poland with its headquarters in Warsaw and its largest operations base at Warsaw Frédéric Chopin Airport .
The Bethlehem Fairfield Shipyard of Baltimore , Maryland , was a shipyard in the United States from 1940 until 1945 .
Shelter Centre subsequently transitioned from being a UK NGO to a Swiss NGO in summer of 2008 , relocating to Geneva .
D2L Corporation , known until 2014 as Desire2Learn , is an educational technology company with corporate headquarters in Kitchener , Ontario .
Septentrio Satellite Navigation N.V. was incorporated in Leuven , Belgium , in January 2000 to commercialize the Satellite Navigation know - how developed at the Interuniversity Micro Electronics Center , the largest independent microelectronics R&D lab in Belgium .
MicroUnity Systems Engineering , Inc. is a private company located in Los Altos , California and an early developer of broadband microprocessor technologies licensed widely across digital media industries .
The New Sudan Education Initiative ( NESEI ) is a non - profit organization based in Colchester , Vermont in the United States , which is building secondary schools ( high schools ) throughout South Sudan , a region affected by war for nearly half a century .
Healing Through Creativity abbreviated to HTC is an organization that holds an annual art , music , writing , poetry and other creative forms event each year in the states of West Virginia and Virginia , USA for survivors recovering from Trauma , Cancer , Sexual Abuse , Domestic Violence , Grief , Disability and Accidents .
Samsung Engineering Co. , Ltd. ( Korean : 삼성엔지니어링 ) was founded as the first engineering firm in Korea in 1970 and has its headquarters based in Seoul , South Korea .
Gentle Giant Moving Company , Inc. is a national moving company based in Somerville , Massachusetts .
Colonial Air Transport was an early airline that flew between New York City and Boston , Massachusetts .
The National LGBT Federation ( NXF ) is a non - governmental organisation in Dublin , Ireland , which focuses on lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) rights .
EFCO is a civil company based in Des Moines , Iowa .
FairPoint Communications , Inc. is headquartered in Charlotte , North Carolina , and operates communication services in 31 markets in 17 states , mostly in rural areas .
New Balance Athletic Shoe , Inc. ( NBAS ) , best known as simply New Balance , is an American footwear manufacturer based in the Brighton neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
On April 2 , 1990 the founding council composed of the detachment commanders of the Army of Independence proclaimed the establishment of the Republican Party of Armenia in Yerevan and became the first officially registered socio - political organization in the Republic of Armenia ( registered on May 14 , 1991 ) .
Jack in the Box is an American fast - food restaurant chain founded February 21 , 1951 by Robert O. Peterson in San Diego , California , where it is headquartered .
The Banque Martin Maurel is a French private bank headquartered in Marseille .
Verran Sparebank was a Norwegian savings bank , located at Venneshamn in Mosvik municipality from 1907 to 2006 .
Units of the Philippine Division were on security missions at Manila , Fort William McKinley , and Bataan prior to the declaration of war in the Pacific , 8 December 1941 .
National Mobile Television ( NMT ) was a Los Angeles - based television broadcasting industry corporation that operated a fleet of mobile television units .
Altendorf GmbH & Co. KG Maschinenbau , located in Minden , Germany , is a producer of sliding table saw and panel saw used in cabinetry and carpentry .
Potion Design is a private interactive design firm located in New York City .
Azerbaijan State Marine Academy ( ASMA ) ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Dövlət Dəniz Akademiyası ( ADDA ) ) is a public university located in Baku , Azerbaijan .
National Positions '' headquarters are in Los Angeles .
BES Utilities is a UK - based , independently owned group of companies , comprising Business Energy Solutions Ltd , BES Commercial Electricity Ltd and BES Telecom Ltd. With offices based in Fleetwood , Lancashire , BES Utilities provides commercial electricity , gas , and business telecommunications in the United Kingdom .
Today , Bedat & Co is owned by LuxuryConcepts SA , a Geneva - based firm .
Jacobsen Manufacturing was founded around the turn of the 20th century as a pattern - making shop by Knud Jacobsen , a Danish immigrant who came to Racine , Wisconsin , in 1891 .
Airblue operates scheduled flights operating 30 daily services linking four domestic destinations Islamabad , Lahore , Karachi and Peshawar with international services to Dubai , Abu Dhabi , Sharjah and Muscat .
Switzer Entertainment Group is an American independent film production and film finance company founded by Richard Switzer and based in Los Angeles , California .
The Gomaco Trolley Company is a manufacturer of vintage - style streetcars ( alternatively called trolleys in the USA , or trams in much of the world ) , located in Ida Grove , Iowa , United States .
MerchantCircle is a San Ramon , California - based start - up company which helps small businesses network with other local businesses and reach local customers through free marketing tools and social media features .
Custom Bus ( previously Custom Coaches ) is an Australian bus bodybuilder in Villawood , New South Wales .
Zhejiang Green Field Motor Co. is a relatively new automotive manufacturer based in Hangzhou Bay , Zhejiang , China .
Hormel Foods Corporation is an American food company based in Austin , Minnesota that produces Spam luncheon meat .
In 2003 , Shure moved into new corporate headquarters in Niles , Illinois , into a building designed by architect Helmut Jahn that was originally the headquarters of HA
The North Coast Brewing Company is a brewery and pub in Fort Bragg , California , USA .
Hess 's was a department store chain based in Allentown , Lehigh County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
MoSys , Inc. is a publicly traded fabless semiconductor company based in Santa Clara , California that sells solutions for data path connectivity , speed and intelligence while eliminating data access bottlenecks on line cards and systems scaling from 100 G to multi - terabits per second .
Wing Enterprises is a Springville , Utah company , and the largest manufacturer of American - made ladders .
The Harzwasserwerke GmbH ( Harz Water Works Limited ) is a major German water company and dam operator based in Hildesheim , located within the German federal state of Lower Saxony .
Amec Foster Wheeler plc is a British multinational consultancy , engineering and project management company headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Geomerics is a software company based in Cambridge , UK , that specialises in creating lighting technology for the video game industry .
Gevo , Inc. is a renewable chemicals and advanced biofuels company headquartered in unincorporated Douglas County , Colorado in the Denver - Aurora metropolitan area .
High West Distillery is a manufacturer of distilled spirits located in Park City , Utah , United States .
Creekstone Farms Premium Beef , LLC is a beef processing company located in Arkansas City , Kansas .
Tuncer Cakmakli Architects is a Turkish Architecture office , founded by Tuncer Cakmakli in 1992 in Istanbul , Turkey , realized local and international projects .
2XL Games , Inc. , founded in 2005 , is video game development studio based in Phoenix , Arizona .
Dogfish Head Brewery is a brewing company based in Milton , Delaware founded by Sam Calagione .
In 2008 , Boston , MA USA based Industry Directions , a research firm specialising in shop floor and supply chain solutions , merged its operations with Cambashi to form Cambashi Inc ..
Optical 88 ( Chinese : 眼鏡88 ) is one of the famous eyewear stores in Hong Kong .
Surgical Technology programs at the North - West College West Covina and Riverside campuses are accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs ( CAAHEP ) .
Bikanervala is an Indian sweets and snacks manufacturer based in Delhi , India .
The Scottish Midland Co - operative Society , trading as Scotmid Co - operative , is an independent retail consumers ' co - operative which originated in the Scottish Midlands , particularly Edinburgh and the Lothians .
Ferngrove Vineyards ( often referred to simply as Ferngrove ) is an Australian winery based at Frankland River , in the Great Southern wine region of Western Australia .
Fire & Flavor is a privately held cooking products company located in Athens , Georgia .
After serving the Indian army for 22 years , Lt Col HS Bedi took voluntary retirement and founded his company Tulip IT Services , then Tulip Software Pvt Ltd , in 1994 and today it is known as Tulip Telecom Ltd. Bedi started the company with four employees in New Delhi as a software reseller .
The Sindh Bank Limited is a Pakistani scheduled bank headquartered in Karachi .
Dodge is an American brand of cars , minivans , and sport utility vehicles manufactured by FCA US LLC ( formerly known as Chrysler Group LLC ) , based in Auburn Hills , Michigan .
The Desoutter Aircraft Company was a British aircraft manufacturer based in Croydon .
Sabritas was founded in 1943 by Pedro Antonio Marcos Noriega as Golosinas y Productos Selectos in Mexico City .
Fedrigoni is a large manufacturer of paper in Italy which owns 5 paper mills in Verona , Arco di Trento , Riva del Garda , Fabriano and Pioraco with a total capacity of 350,000 tonnes / year .
Domino Recording Company , generally known as Domino , is a British independent record label based in London .
Honda Aero , Inc. ( HAI ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of Honda Motor Co. , Ltd. , is headquartered in Burlington , North Carolina at the Burlington - Alamance Regional Airport .
Overaa Construction is an American family - owned construction company based in Richmond , California , which provides general contracting and design / build services in Northern California .
The Konica Minolta Maxxum 5D ( its North American market name ; labelled Dynax 5D in Europe / Hong Kong and α-5 Digital and α Sweet Digital in Japan ; officially named DG-5D ) was a digital single - lens reflex camera introduced by Konica Minolta in 2005 .
The International Brain Research Organization ( IBRO ) is a learned society that was founded in 1961 in response to the growing demand from neuroscientists in many countries for the creation of a central organization that would cut across world boundaries and improve communication and collaboration among brain researchers .
Virgin Experience Days is an experience day company launched in 2001 and part of Richard Branson 's Virgin Group .
Fortune Brands Home & Security was created on October 3 , 2011 from part of the former Fortune Brands holding company .
The Sam Wanamaker Award or Sam Wanamaker Prize is an award established in 1994 for pioneering work in Shakespearean theatre , usually given to individuals who have worked closely with Shakespeare 's Globe or the Royal Shakespeare Company ; the award is not specific to artistic contribution , and has frequently been granted to businessmen and academics .
ARY Zindagi was first aired on 5 April 2014 as a test run available on AsiaSat 3S 105.5 Degree East .
To consolidate the businesses of both coking and non - coking coal under one entity , a formal holding company in the form of Coal India Limited was formed in November 1975 to manage both the companies .
In January 2005 , the Memorial Center changed its name to the Dallas Holocaust Museum / Center for Education & Tolerance , and moved to its present , temporary location in downtown Dallas .
Deseret Digital Media was formed in 2009 to run the website operations of DeseretNews.com , KSL.com , DeseretBook.com , MormonTimes.com , LDSChurchNews.com , FM100.com , and 1035TheArrow.com .
Ellegarden ( stylized as ELLEGARDEN ) was a Japanese punk rock band formed in December 1998 in Chiba .
God Lives Underwater was an industrial rock band from rural Perkiomenville , Pennsylvania ( near Philadelphia ) , formed in 1993 by band members David Reilly and Jeff Turzo .
Racing 92 ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁasiŋ ka.tʁə.vɛ̃.duz ) ) is a French rugby union club based in suburban Paris that was formed in 2001 with the collaboration of the Racing Club de France and US Métro .
In 2003 , Subaru of America , Inc. , located just across the river in Cherry Hill , NJ , increased its support of the cherry tree planting project with title sponsorship , and the Subaru Cherry Blossom Festival of Greater Philadelphia was born .
Metaldays is a heavy metal music festival held annually in Tolmin , Slovenia since 2004 .
Founded in 1992 by Mark Milne , Sandy McIntosh and Tim Potocic of the band Tristan Psionic , Sonic Unyon is one of the largest independent labels in Canada .
The 24 October Movement started as a resistance group on 24 October 1999 , and was given its title by foreign intelligence agencies .
Perfume Tree was a band from Vancouver , British Columbia that existed from 1991 until December 1999 .
The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics is a non - profit institution that was established in 1990 .
Wolf Alice are a four - piece alternative rock band from North London , formed initially as a two - person band in 2010 .
From 1968 until 1997 , Universal Creative was known as MCA Planning and Development .
The airline was established by the Seychelles government on 15 September 1977 , following the merger of Air Mahé and Inter - Island Airways , as Seychelles Airlines and adopted the present title of Air Seychelles , in September 1978 .
Owned by AMC Networks International Iberia , Odisea was founded in 1996 , and was one of the first ever Iberian cable channels .
The Mosques and Imams National Advisory Board ( MINAB ) originated in the United Kingdom on 27 June 2006 with the aim of promoting best practice in British mosques .
Idealab was founded by Bill Gross ( not the same Bill Gross of PIMCO ) in March 1996 .
The Tulane University School of Liberal Arts ( SLA ) is a part of Tulane University and was created in the fall of 2005 , pursuant to a university - wide Renewal Plan which in part separated the School of Liberal Arts from the School of Science and Engineering .
Rede Record de Televisão also known simply as Record , is a Brazilian television network , founded in 1953 by Paulo Machado de Carvalho , also founder of Rádio Record .
In October 2015 the party was enlarged to some members of Democratic Sicily and rebranded Pact of Democrats for Reforms --
The Perfume Shop is a United Kingdom perfume retailer founded in 1992 .
The Vatican Museums trace their origin to one marble sculpture , purchased 500 years ago : the sculpture of Laocoön and his Sons was discovered 14 January 1506 , in a vineyard near the basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome .
Messana O'Rorke was founded in 1996 in New York City , the firm believes in the inherent ability of design to enhance the quality of life , and so aim to operate at the point where architecture , contemporary culture and current technology meet .
Wacker Chemie AG is a worldwide operating company in the chemical business , founded 1914 .
Zingo Transportation , Inc. was a company founded in October 2005 by Atlanta entrepreneurs Jim Valentine and Charles Barfield .
Unirule Institute of Economics ( Chinese Tianze ) is a Chinese think tank established in Beijing , China in 1993 .
Alereon was spun off from Time Domain Corporation of Huntsville , Alabama , in August 2003 taking with it a number of engineers , executives , and patents from its parent company .
Since its founding in 1888 , the company has been wholly owned by the Bucherer family , making Carl F. Bucherer one of the oldest luxury Swiss watchmakers continuously held by the founding family .
Submission Hold were a Canadian punk band from Vancouver active from 1993 to 2005 .
The company was founded in 1988 by two brothers , engineer Martin Wiesmann and businessman Friedhelm Wiesmann .
The University of Glamorgan was founded in 1913 as a School of Mines based in Trefforest , Pontypridd , serving the large coal mining industry in the South Wales Valleys .
Netaji Subhas Mahavidyalaya , also known as Haldibari College , established in 1985 , is general degree college in Haldibari .
In 2005 , at a meeting held at the offices of the American Psychological Association , the Society for Occupational Health Psychology was formally founded , with Leslie Hammer of Portland State University as president .
The corporation was established in 1933 by the Home Owners ' Loan Corporation Act under the leadership of President Franklin D. Roosevelt .
L.F. Rothschild ( later known as L.F. Rothschild , Unterberg , Towbin ) was a merchant and investment banking firm based in the United States and founded in 1899 .
Three Rivers Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Kelso , Washington that opened in 1987 , on the site of a former golf course , adjacent to Intersate 5 .
Ben & Florentine was founded in 2008 in Saint - Laurent , Quebec and the first restaurant opened in Vaudreuil - Dorion , Quebec .
In November 1755 , Pasquale Paoli proclaimed Corsica a sovereign nation , the Corsican Republic , independent from the Republic of Genoa .
Since opening in 1999 , Ground Kontrol has undergone several changes .
The Clark County Regional Flood Control District ( CCRFCD ) was created in 1985 by the Nevada Legislature allowing Clark County to provide broad solutions to flooding problems .
Tricot Machine was a Canadian indie pop band , active from 2005 to 2012 .
Socialist Resistance of Kazakhstan was established by Kazakh members of the Committee for a Workers International in 2002 , during a conference held in neighbouring Russia .
Waves under Water is a Swedish darkwave / synthpop band formed in October 2007 by the singer Angelica Segerbäck and the composer Johan Svärdshammar .
Bank Central Asia ( BCA ) ; ( simplified Chinese : 中亚银行 ; traditional Chinese : 中亞銀行 ; pinyin : Zhōng Yà Yínháng ) , is an Indonesian bank founded on August 10 , 1955 .
The Third Sex was a popular American queercore band formed in 1993 , in Portland , Oregon .
Tofaş ( acronym for Türk Otomobil Fabrikası Anonim Şirketi ; pronounced ( tofaʃ ) ) is a Turkish automaker which was established in 1968 by Vehbi Koç , who was the founder of Koç Holding , based in Bursa , Turkey where the manufacturing plant of the company is located .
Supersuckers was formed in November 1988 as The Black Supersuckers in Tucson , Arizona .
Nok Nok Labs was founded in 2011 by security veterans from PGP , Netscape , Paypal and Phoenix Technologies with funding from DCM and ONSET Ventures .
Core the Child ( typeset as CoЯe The Child ) was a Japanese visual kei rock / metal band formed in 2004 , and was predecessor to the successful visual kei band Unsraw .
Suffrajett released their self - titled debut album on February 2 , 2003 , and their latest album Black Glitter was released on January 1 , 2007 .
Versailles Saint - Quentin - en - Yvelines University ( Université de Versailles Saint - Quentin - en - Yvelines , UVSQ ) is a French public university created in 1991 , located in the department of Yvelines and since 2002 in Hauts - de - Seine .
The Battalion officially received its Unit flag and Colours on 14 April 1987 when it was named 7 Medical Battalion Group and incorporated into the South African Medical Service ( now the South African Military Health Service ) .
In April 2003 , CKD Galbraith was formed through the merger of the Scottish offices of Cluttons with CKD Finlayson Hughes .
TTV Finance ( Chinese : 台視財經台 , Pinyin : Tái shì cáijīng tái ) is a digital television channel operated by Taiwan Television ( TTV ) in Taiwan , launched on September 1 , 2004 .
WQQQ went on the air on October 7 , 1993 with a live morning show from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. followed by a simulcast of then - sister station WREF ( 850 AM ) .
Stockmann was established in 1862 and celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2012 .
The railway formally began operations on December 1 , 2005 with the conclusion of an agreement between the three owners of Tshiuetin Rail Transportation and the owners of the Quebec North Shore and Labrador Railway , Rail Enterprises Incorporated and Iron Ore Company of Canada .
The SSV Glött was formed on 28 May 1949 and entered league football in the following year .
The European Banking Federation ( abbreviated EBF or FBE in French ) was established in 1960 .
Formed in October 2006 , A Different Breed of Killer quickly made a name for themselves in the deathcore scene .
The Physical Science Study Committee was inaugurated at MIT in 1956 to review introductory physics education and to design , implement and monitor improvements .
K22JA - D was started in 1990 as K47DF by Paloma Broadcasting ( which the Roman Catholic Diocese of Corpus Christi had a stake in ) .
The Fighting Whites ( alternatively identified as Fightin ' Whites , Fighting Whities , or Fightin ' Whities ) were an intramural basketball team formed at the University of Northern Colorado in 2002 and named in response to the Native American mascot controversy .
Univa was founded in 2004 under the name Univa Corporation by Carl Kesselman , Ian Foster , and Steve Tuecke and was at that time primarily known for providing open source products and technical support based around the Globus Toolkit .
The November Uprising ( 1830 - -31 ) , Polish--
KUJH - LP began testing on February 10 , 1995 .
Often referred to as `` NAK '' , Nu Alpha Kappa was founded on February 26 , 1988 on the campus of California Polytechnic State University , with 26 established chapters across California , Nevada , and Colorado .
The Canon EOS 30D is an 8.2-megapixel semi - professional digital single - lens reflex camera , initially announced on February 21 , 2006 .
Borqs was founded in September 2007 and has offices in China , India , and the US .
Pepeganga Margarita Fútbol Club ( usually called Pepeganga Margarita ) is a professional club founded on 1985 and the club has won one Second Division title in 1986 - 87 season .
FCAK - Liberia was founded in 2008 after they participated in 2007 season as Mark Professionals .
The William C. Carter Award is a technical award presented annually since 1997 for individuals whose graduate dissertation research has made an important contribution to the field of dependable computing .
The International Tibet Independence Movement ( ITIM ) is a non - profit organization , founded on 18 March 1995 , that supports Tibetan independence from the People 's Republic of China : `` only independence for Tibet can ensure the survival of the Tibetan land and its people , culture , and religion . ''
The Rapallo Carige Prize ( Premio Rapallo Carige per la donna scrittrice ) is an Italian literary prize , established in 1985 by the Municipality of Rapallo and the Carige Bank ( Banca Carige ) .
FC Bataysk-2007 ( Russian : ФК Батайск-2007 ) was a Russian association football club from Bataysk , founded in 1998 and playing on the professional level since 2007 until 2010 .
The idea for On the Road , Kerouac 's second novel , was formed during the late 1940s in a series of notebooks , and then typed out on a continuous reel of paper during three weeks in April 1951 .
Kirat Yakthung Chumlung ( 1989 ) is a social organization of the Limbu indigenous ethnic group of Nepal .
Texans for Public Justice ( TPJ ) is an Austin - based non - profit group founded in 1997 to take on political corruption and corporate abuses in Texas , USA .
XS Latin was formed in 1997 by eX Students of Cambridge University , many of whom started dancing in competitions run by the Inter Varsity Dance Association .
Medical Academy of the Lithuanian University of Health Sciences was founded in 1919 and from 1922 it was a Faculty of Medicine of University of Lithuania .
Mols - Linien was formed by DFDS in 1964 sailings commenced on 18 May 1966 .
The White Eagle Museum ( Polish : Muzeum i m . Orła Białego ) is a Polish military museum located in the town of Skarżysko - Kamienna in the central Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , opened in 1969 .
In 1999 , Pnau officially released their debut album Sambanova under the independent label Peking Duck .
Izumi Chuo was founded in 1950 and renamed as Izumi Chuo High School in 1985 .
It was renamed to Vietnamobile in 2009 , accompanied by the adoption of GSM technology to replace the less popular CDMA .
IXI Limited was a Cambridge , UK - based software company founded in 1988 .
Gafsa Radio is a public local radio station created on November 7 , 1991 .
The Style Council were an English band formed in Woking in 1983 by Paul Weller , the former singer and guitarist with the punk rock band The Jam , and keyboardist Mick Talbot , previously a member of Dexys Midnight Runners , The Bureau and The Merton Parkas .
Volkswagen India Pvt Ltd is a division of the Volkswagen Group India , founded in 2007 .
The Nova Scotia Mass Choir , founded in 1992 , is a choral ensemble based in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
Leader Cheetah are an Australian indie rock band from Adelaide , South Australia , formed in 2007 by members of defunct Adelaide bands Pharaohs and Bad Girls of the Bible .
Maakhir State proclaimed autonomy at a 1 July 2007 ceremony in Badhan in response to overlapping claims of Somaliland and Puntland over the western Sanaag and western Bari , both of which have led to several gun battles over control of the territory between Somaliland and Puntland .
Stonehoney has been touring extensively since 2007 and has released one album , The Cedar Creek Sessions .
Founded by Amin Khoury in 1987 , B / E Aerospace has evolved from a $ 3 million company to $ 2.6 billion in revenue , making it the world 's leading manufacturer of aircraft interior products and solutions for the commercial , business jet , and military markets .
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) is an international financial institution founded in 1991 .
The Nacionalista Party ( Filipino : Partido Nasyonalista and Spanish : Partido Nacionalista ) is the oldest political party in the Philippines today and was responsible for leading the country throughout the majority of the 20th century since its founding in 1907 .
The Longview Cherokees were a Big State League baseball team based in Longview , Texas that existed in 1952 .
The Abu Dhabi HSBC Golf Championship is a European Tour golf tournament that was staged for the first time in January 2006 .
In September 2002 , Indian - American businessman Sanjay Puri and Vikram Chauhan formally established the United States India Political Action Committee ( USINPAC ) , a non - profit political action committee based in Washington , D.C ..
Prikosnovénie ( Russian : Прикоснове́ние ) is a French independent record label founded in Nantes in 1990 by Frédéric Chaplain and Sabine Adélaïde who moved to its current home in the medieval city of Clisson in 2001 .
Montfort Community has been constituted by the decree of the 14th of December 1992 .
The Royal Society of British Artists ( RBA ) is a British art body established in 1823 as the Society of British Artists , as an alternative to the Royal Academy .
In 2007 , Plant began releasing remixes under the moniker Miami Horror ; their instantaneous blog success led him to leave film school and pursue a career in music .
The Worship Network was founded in 1992 by Lowell W. `` Bud '' Paxson , co - founder of HSN , who later founded the PAX TV Network ( now ION Television ) .
Bucksburn Academy opened in late October 2009 and replaced the existing Bankhead Academy .
Live with No Audience ( 1998 ) Philmore ( 2000 ) The Bare Truth About Philmore ( 2002 ) Demolition ( 2005 )
La Sept was a French television broadcaster and production company created on 23 February 1986 to develop cultural and educational programming for transmission via the TDF 1 satellite .
Founded in 2006 by Nicholas Miller and Bradley Rotter , AirPatrol Corporation is a U.S corporation , registered in the State of Nevada .
Grotrian - Steinweg 's history dates back to 1835 when the first Steinweg piano factory was built by Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg ( later known as Henry Steinway after his emigration to the US where he founded Steinway & Sons ) .
PlanetOut Inc. was a public media and entertainment company founded by Tom Rielly in 1995 , exclusively targeting the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) demographic .
Chip 1 Exchange was established in 2001 when electronic industry veterans Sasan Tabib , Damon Pouya , and Volkan Sanverdi merged their companies , Fast Line Exchange and Chip 1 Technology .
Brash Books is an American crime fiction imprint founded in 2014 by authors Lee Goldberg and Joel Goldman .
The Bellbirds formed in 2009 in Auckland , New Zealand .
Star Health and Allied Insurance Co Ltd commenced its operations in 2006 with the business interests in Health Insurance , Overseas Mediclaim Policy and Personal Accident .
The Southwark Cathedral Merbecke Choir was established in late 2003 to provide a choir for ex - cathedral choristers ( boys and girls ) to continue singing .
The concept of Veteran Tickets Foundation was developed when Disabled Veteran Michael Focareto ( US Navy ) attended the 2008 Super Bowl in Phoenix , AZ .
Hendrick Motorsports ( HMS ) , originally named All Star Racing , is a current American auto racing team created in 1984 by Rick Hendrick .
The Unity for Democracy and Justice is an Ethiopian political party established on 20 June 2008 to contest the 2010 elections .
The British Sikh Student Federation ( B.S.S.F ) is student body registered with the National Union of Students based in the United Kingdom , formed in late 2008 it is now one of the leading Sikh student groups in the United Kingdom .
Os Travessos is a group of pagode created in the city of São Paulo by the members Rodriguinho , Fabinho , Rodrigão , Chorão , and Edimilson Salvino in the year of 1992 .
While a member of Rhapsody of Fire where he played guitar , Taca Heumemarerion formed The Kingslayer Saga in 1996 as a side - project .
The Turkish Youth Association of Norway ( Norwegian : Norges Tyrkiske Ungdomsforening , Turkish : Norvec Türk Gencleri Dernegi ) was founded in 2001 and promotes the cultural , academic and social interests of Norwegian citizens with Turkish origin in Norway .
TalkSwitch was founded in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada in 1990 by entrepreneurs Jan Scheeren and Glen Collie .
Global Goods Partners ( GGP ) is a fair - trade nonprofit organization , founded in 2005 , which provides support and U.S. market access to women - led cooperatives in the developing world .
The United States Navy cleared the USS Edson on April 24 , 2012 , to become a part of the Saginaw Valley Naval Ship Museum .
The team was previously known as the Lethbridge Mounties from 1992 - 1995 before becoming the Lethbridge Black Diamonds from 1996 - 1998 .
Laboratoire Agit'Art was an art collective founded in Dakar , Senegal in 1973 by writer and performer Youssouf John with goal of revitalising artistic production and critique institutional frameworks and the philosophy of Negritude in particular .
Southern Isolation was a Southern rock group from Louisiana , USA , formed in 1995 by Phil Anselmo and then wife Stephanie Opal Weinstein .
Founded in 1990 , after the Romanian Revolution , the Party of the Roma is the official political association of the Romani minority and consequently has one reserved seat in the Chamber of Deputies , regardless of its electoral performance .
Cornerstone Florida was an annual American Christian rock festival held in Orlando , Florida from 2003 to 2007 , a satellite festival of the original Cornerstone Festival in Illinois .
The American Center for Voting Rights ( ACVR ) was a non - profit organization founded by Mark F. `` Thor '' Hearne that operated from March 2005 to May 2007 and pushed for laws to reduce voter intimidation and voter fraud , and supported requiring photo ID for voters .
Assembled parcel by parcel since September 1978 , Skywalker Ranch has cost Lucas up to US$ 100 million , according to the Wall Street Journal .
Polish Water Ice was founded in 1997 by Thomas B. Curyto , Sr . He opened his first store in Ocean City , New Jersey .
Renntech is a Florida company established in 1989 by Hartmut Feyhl .
Jungsan High School is a man 's private school founded in 1994 .
Angel Trains is a British rolling stock operating company ( ROSCO ) created in 1994 as part of the privatisation of British Rail .
The post was created by President Jacob Zuma , in his cabinet announced on 10 May 2009 ; it partially replaced the posts of Minister of Environmental Affairs and Tourism and Minister of Water Affairs and Forestry .
The Royal Museum of Fine Arts Antwerp ( Dutch : Koninklijk Museum voor Schone Kunsten Antwerpen ) is a museum in Antwerp , Belgium , founded in 1810 , houses a collection of paintings , sculptures and drawings from the fourteenth to the twentieth centuries .
Amber Oak is a Swedish band from Skellefteå , which was formed in 2008 by Erik Ekersund , Joseph Dahlberg and Albin Marklund .
The Ladysmith Black Mambazo Foundation was set up in January 1999 by Ladysmith Black Mambazo lead singer and founder Joseph Shabalala .
Stikky was an American punk rock band , formed in Berkeley , California in 1985 .
The Lopez Family Foundation is an American nonprofit organization founded by sisters , Jennifer and Lynda Lopez in 2009 .
The Marian Movement of Priests ( MMP ) is a private association of Catholic clergy and lay associate members founded by Italian priest Fr . Stefano Gobbi in 1972 .
Rayalaseema University , Kurnool , came into existence , fulfilling the long - cherished dream of people of Kurnool district in the year 2008 , by Act No . 29 of 2008 enacted by the Legislature of the State of Andhra Pradesh and published in the Andhra Pradesh Gazette on 24 September 2008 .
The Vienna International Film Festival , or Viennale , is a film festival taking place every October since 1960 in Vienna , Austria .
Qloo is based in New York , and was founded in 2012 by chief executive officer Alex Elias , formerly a hedge fund manager with APE Capital , and chief operating officer Jay Alger , formerly CEO of digital agency Deepend .
Croatian Youth Party ( Croatian : Hrvatska stranka mladih , HSM ) was a Croatian youth party founded in 2004 , with 1500 members in 2005 .
Radha Krishna Gupta Adarsh Vidyalaya Inter College was established in 1952 with the objective of catering to the educational requirements of the densely populated East Dildar Nagar area .
Empire Mates Entertainment ( stylized as E.M.E ) is a Nigerian record label founded by Banky W in 2002 .
The Harry Potter Automatic News Aggregator , or HPANA , as it is better known , was a Harry Potter fansite created in 2002 to monitor news on the Internet about J. K. Rowling 's series of novels about the eponymous wizard .
Athens University of Economics and Business ( AUEB ; Greek : Οικονομικό Πανεπιστήμιο Αθηνών , Oikonomiko Panepistimio Athinon , abbrev . Ο.Π.Α. ; OPA ) was founded in 1920 in Athens , Greece .
The company was founded , as Escher Wyss & Cie . , in 1805 by Hans Caspar Escher and Salomon von Wyss .
The Milton Bradley Company is an American board game company established by Milton Bradley in Springfield , Massachusetts , in 1860 .
Steam Powered Giraffe ( SPG ) is a musical project formed in San Diego in 2008 that is popular in the steampunk subculture .
Earnshaw Books was founded in 2007 by CEO Graham Earnshaw .
The University of Virginia Center for Politics was founded in 1998 by professor and political analyst Larry J. Sabato to put into practice his belief that `` Politics is a good thing ! ''
The Tokyo Anime Award started from 2002 , but was named in 2005 .
The Formula V8 3.5 , formerly the World Series by Nissan from 1998 to 2004 and the Formula Renault 3.5 Series is a motor racing series , promoted by RPM Racing ( since 1998 ) and Renault Sport ( from 2005 to 2015 ) .
Founded in 1972 by Ronald Stordahl , its name is a reference to the `` Digi - Keyer Kit '' , a digital electronic keyer kit that he developed and marketed to amateur radio enthusiasts .
Established in 1988 as Korea Tourism University , Gyeongju University originally consisted of five departments : the Department of Tourism Business Administration , the Department of Tourism and Public Administration , the Department of Tourism Development , the Department of Cultural Assets and The Department of English and Tourism .
Bhutan Cricket Council Board is Bhutan 's representative at the International Cricket Council and is an affiliate member and has been a member of that body since 2001 .
The Mayor of Salford is a directly elected post created in 2012 for the City of Salford in Greater Manchester .
Malinche Entertainment was an interactive fiction development and publishing business founded by Howard Sherman in 2002 .
John Paul II Catholic School was established in 1988 as a private independent Catholic School and is fully accredited with the Texas Education Agency through the Texas Catholic Conference Accreditation Commission .
Ming Pao was first published on 20 May 1959 , and was founded by the famous Chinese wuxia novelist Louis Cha , known better by his pseudonym Jinyong ( 金庸 ) , and his friend , Shen Pao Sing ( 沈寶新 ) .
It was founded to take care of spin - offs from the bankrupt company Stardent in 1991 under the name NDI and incorporated in 1992 as Net Daemons Associates ( aka NDA ) .
An ensemble of professional singers founded in 1993 by Jonathan Miller , Chicago a cappella presents an annual Chicago - area subscription series , creates studio recordings as well as live and broadcast - media musical content , and gives performances on tour and in special engagements .
Carlson founded Highway 101 in 1986 in Los Angeles , California , with guitarist Jack Daniels , bassist Curtis Stone ( son of singer Cliffie Stone ) and drummer Scott `` Cactus '' Moser , all three of whom were session musicians .
British Dressage as a separate organisation was set up in January 1998 , and now has over 14,000 members and organises more than 2,000 days of competition per year .
It was established in its current form in 2014 ; however , the BBC had already been using the BBC Music brand to refer to its online music content and some live events beforehand .
Four Star Mary is an alternative rock group formed in California in 1997 .
The Pulitzer Prize for Criticism has been presented since 1970 to a newspaper writer who has demonstrated ' distinguished criticism ' .
Regal Crest Enterprises , established 1999 , is the third largest small press publisher of lesbian literature in the world .
Aberdeen Hall is an independent , non - denominational , co - educational , university - preparatory school founded in 2006 .
Thirrupathi Brothers is a Tamil film production company owned by brothers N. Subash Chandrabose and KMVI N. Lingusamy and was founded in 2006 .
World Miss University is an international beauty contest held annually in Seoul , South Korea since 1986 , with an average of about 70 contestants every year .
Sir Charles Kao UTC is a University Technical College located on the Harlow College campus in Harlow , Essex which opened in September 2014 .
TV Warehouse first launched in November 2001 by Canis Media .
Braathens South American & Far East Airtransport A / S was founded on 26 March 1946 by Ludvig G. Braathen through his shipping company Ludvig G. Braathens Rederi and its holding company Braganza .
Chérie FM is a French radio station created in 1987 and belongs to the NRJ Group .
Founded in 1991 , The Score Group ( TSG ) publishes several monthly magazines including its flagship publication Score , and several others including Voluptuous , 18eighteen , Naughty Neighbors and Leg Sex .
Opera Quotannis was a New York - based opera company which was founded in 1990 , with conductor Bart Folse as Music Director and stage director Brian Morgan ( formerly of The New Opera Theatre ) serving as Artistic Director .
Discipline Global Mobile ( DGM , or Discipline GM ) is an independent record label founded in 1992 by Robert Fripp ( best known as guitarist and main composer for the band King Crimson ) and producer / online content developer David Singleton .
Hodge Jones & Allen is a London solicitors founded in September 1977 by Henry Hodge , Peter Jones , and Patrick Allen , initially specialising in legal aid work and favouring radical causes .
Alisea Airlines was a charter airline based in Italy , which was established in 1999 as Italfly .
Anvil of Doom is a death metal band from Andalusia , Spain , active since 1999 .
Founded by Karen Padgett in 1996 , Novus Biologicals has sought to partner with leading scientific researchers and third - party providers to develop an extensive range of more than 180,000 products .
Mar de Copas was founded by Manuel Barrios and Eduardo Leverone in 1992 , after splitting up their band Los Inocentes .
EpicTimes is a news website and podcast network started by nationally syndicated talk radio host Jerry Doyle in February 2013 .
Brewmaster Matt Cole partnered with Glenn Benigni , owner of Fat Head 's Saloon in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , to open Fat Head 's Brewery & Saloon in Cleveland , Ohio in 2009 , with Cole supplying beer to the Pittsburgh location .
Founded in 1979 , the Mazzoni Center was originally known as the Philadelphia Community Health Alternatives ( PCHA ) .
Cantora Records was formed in 2005 by Jesse Israel and Will Griggs , then sophomores and roommates at NYU , and Nick Panama .
Fox Digital Entertainment was formed in 2010 and took on many of the projects related to 21st Century Fox properties from Fox Mobile Entertainment when it was sold to Jesta Group and was renamed Jesta Digital .
Opened in 1995 , the Lake Eustis Museum of Art ( LEMA ) exhibits historic , contemporary artwork from local , regional , and national sources .
The International Tussler Society is a Country rock - band from Trondheim , Norway , formed in 1993 .
The Bring Your Own Film Festival ( BYOFF ) is a film festival that began in 2004 on the beaches of the temple town Puri , in the Indian state of Odisha .
Entwine was originally assembled as a death metal band in 1995 by guitarist and vocalist Tom Mikkola , drummer Aksu Hanttu and bassist Teppo Taipale .
Kageno was co - founded in 2003 by Dr. Frank Andolino , Peace Corps worker Rob Place , and Kenyan community organizer Alphonce Okuku .
The first Jersey Shore Music Festival took place on May 17 and 18 , 2013 in Seaside Heights , New Jersey .
Hammondbeat Records , ( founded 2002 ) is an American record label dedicated to bands and fans of the organ sound .
La Tele was created by a group of communication companies and began its testing phase under the name Canal 12 on December 1 , 2002 ( which coincidentally happened to be the day before the beginning of the Venezuelan general strike against President Hugo Chávez ) .
The final design , completed in 1924 , was one of the smallest residences ever designed by Waterhouse , who later suggested that May name the house Nutcote .
Vkhutemas ( Russian : Вхутемас , acronym for Высшие художественно-технические мастерские Vysshiye Khudozhestvenno - Tekhnicheskiye Masterskiye ( Higher Art and Technical Studios ) ) was the Russian state art and technical school founded in 1920 in Moscow , replacing the Moscow Svomas .
The Somalia Stock Exchange was founded in 2012 by the Somali diplomat Idd Mohamed , Ambassador extraordinary and deputy permanent representative to the United Nations .
Burleigh Brewing Company was established by Peta and Brennan Fielding in 2006 , with the first beers brewed in May 2007 , and the first beers released in August 2007 .
It was founded on 6 February 1995 by Honorable Minister Dr. Richard Pathirana . During those past years Siridhamma College became one of leading National School in Sri Lanka .
Non - Linear Systems was founded in 1952 , by Andrew Kay , the inventor of the digital voltmeter .
Brighton Aldridge Community Academy ( BACA ) is a coeducational academy school in Brighton , which opened on 1 September 2010 .
A modern version of the Voluntary Committee of Lawyers was incorporated in 1996 , established through its founding committee , including former U.S. Attorneys General Elliot Richardson and Nicholas Katzenbach , former American Bar Association President George Bushnell , former federal judge A. Leon Higginbotham , Jr. and labor lawyer Theodore W. Kheel .
Favarger is a Swiss chocolate maker founded in 1826 .
Panos Pictures is a photo agency based in London and founded in 1986 .
Korea Presbyterian Theological Seminary ( Hangul : 한국장로회신학교 ; hanja : 韓國長老會神學校 ; RR : Hanguk Jangrohoe sinhakgyo ) started a seminary in Gangnam - gu , Seoul , South Korea on 17 January 2012 .
Pump Aid was founded in 1998 by three teachers working in a rural primary school in Zimbabwe .
Photoworks is a visual arts agency for photography , based in Brighton , England and founded in 1995 .
Southwest University(Chinese : 西南大學 ) was originally established in 1906 , during the Qing Dynasty .
Tsunami Games ( or Tsunami Media , Inc. ) was an American video game developer and publisher founded in 1991 by former employees of Sierra Entertainment ( then known as Sierra On - Line ) .
The Society of Saint Paul is a religious congregation founded on 20 August 1914 at Alba in Italy by Fr . Giacomo Alberione and officially approved by the Holy See on 27 June 1949 .
Dhivya Polytechnic College ( Tamil : திவ்யா பாலிடெக்னிக் கல்லூரி)was established in Chetpet , Thiruvannamalai District , Tamil Nadu , India in 2008 by B.Selvarajan Educational Trust under the leadership of Managing Trustee Thiru .
The Murdocks are an American rock band consisting of three members and was formed in 2003 in Texas .
Y.A.S. is an electronic music duo , formed in 2007 in Paris , France , and consists of Mirwais Ahmadzaï ( keyboard / guitar ) and Yasmine Hamdan ( vocals ) .
International Association of Geodesy is an international organization of geodesists , founded in 1940 .
Kummeli appeared on television between 1991 and 1995 .
The Upstage Gallery features artists from Topeka , Kansas and the surrounding areas since February 2007 .
The listed entity , IVISYS AB , was founded in 2014 .
The NASDAQ OMX Vilnius Stock Exchange is a stock exchange established in 1993 ( Vilnius Stock Exchange , VSE ) operating in Vilnius , Lithuania .
Foreca was first established in 1996 under the name Weather Service Finland .
Die Kölner Akademie - Damals und Heute are a German baroque and classical music orchestra founded in 1996 and based in Cologne .
Founded in 1987 , during its first 20 years of business , Mesh Computers could only be purchased direct from the manufacturer ; however , in November 2006 , MESH began to sell through major retailers like Comet Group .
Ariba ( now SAP Ariba ) was founded in 1996 by Bobby Lent , Boris Putanec , Paul Touw , Rob Desantis , Ed Kinsey , Paul Hegarty , and Keith Krach on the idea of using the Internet to enable companies to facilitate and improve the procurement process .
International Mutual Aid was founded in November 2014 in response to the Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa .
PSafe was launched in November 2010 with an initial investment round of $ 15 million(2)(4)(5 ) from Redpoint Ventures , Index Venture and BV Capital .
Wikimania 2005 , the first Wikimania conference , was held from 4 to 8 August 2005 at the Haus der Jugend in Frankfurt , Germany , attracting about 380 attendees .
The American Gas and Electric Company , which would be renamed American Electric Power in 1958 , was incorporated in 1906 .
The Polish Beer - Lovers ' Party ( PPPP ; Polish : Polska Partia Przyjaciół Piwa ) was a satirical Polish political party that was founded in 1990 by satirist Janusz Rewiński .
Hamish & Andy are an Australian comedy duo formed in 2003 by Hamish Blake and Andy Lee .
Blenheim High School is a secondary school with academy status located at Longmead Road , Epsom , Surrey , England , that opened in 1997 .
W264AK received its first license on 22 January 1997 ; the owner was Calvary Chapel of Twin Falls , licensee of KAWZ in Twin Falls , Idaho .
No Age formed in December 2005 out of the ashes of their previous band , Wives , in which Dean played bass and sang and Randy played guitar .
Eurodirect was a short lived British airline founded in 1994 .
The National Constitution Party was established on 18 November 1905 by the so - called group of `` Dissidents '' , who formerly left the governing Liberal Party after the scandalous `` handkerchief vote '' .
Established in 1990 , Stanton Chase International operates in over 73 offices in 46 countries throughout Asia - Pacific , Europe , Middle East , Africa , Latin America , and North America .
The Playskool Institute was established by Lucille King in 1928 as a division of the John Schroeder Lumber Company in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
In 1946 , shortly after World War II , the Soviets constructed an oil refinery in Novokuybyshevsk , which resulted in the establishment of a large village of approximately 14,000 people .
Originally a part of Hughes Aircraft Company , the audio division developed the Sound Retrieval System technology , and in 1993 was separated off to form SRS Labs , Inc. In 1996 SRS Labs became a publicly traded company on Nasdaq , SRSL .
Sheikh Sayera Khatun Medical College ( Bengali : শেখ সায়েরা খাতুন মেডিকেল কলেজ ) is a government medical college in Bangladesh , established in 2011 .
Chagall Guevara was an American rock band formed in 1989 by solo artist Steve Taylor , guitarists Dave Perkins and Lynn Nichols ( from the 1970s Phil Keaggy band ) , bassist Wade Jaynes , and drummer Mike Mead .
Flowroute was founded by Bayan Towfiq , Jordan Levy , and Sean Hsieh in Irvine , California in 2007 .
More specifically , Zoé 's Ark was founded in 2005 by volunteer fireman Éric Breteau , former president of the French 4x4 Federation , who named it after a girl orphaned by the December 2004 Asian tsunami .
Gwarn Music is an independent record label which was created in Manchester , England in 1991 .
The first event series under the Freeride World Tour moniker took place in 2008 .
Founded in 1982 as the `` Gay and Lesbian Media Festival and Conference '' , the name was changed to Outfest in 1994 .
The FGV Direito Rio ( Fundação Getúlio Vargas Rio de Janeiro Law School ) is a Brazilian private law higher education founded in 2002 in Rio de Janeiro by the Fundação Getúlio Vargas .
Nothing definite came out of these discussions until 1 July 1997 when the Umeå Institute of Technology was established .
Founded in 1963 , the charter of the NSW Council for Civil Liberties is to protect the equal rights of all citizens ( as long as they do n't infringe the rights and freedoms of others ) and oppose all or any abuse or excessive power by the State against its people .
The Cinematic Orchestra is a British nu - jazz and electronic music group , created in 1999 by Jason Swinscoe .
Various Ad 2 records show that the name `` Ad 2 '' became official at the 1973 AAF convention in New Orleans .
Applied Scholastics is a non - profit corporation founded in 1972 to promote the use of study techniques created by L. Ron Hubbard the founder of the Church of Scientology .
The MuzikMafia was an informal collection of American country music artists , founded in October 2001 in Nashville , Tennessee by Big Kenny and John Rich ( who compose the duo Big & Rich ) , along with Jon Nicholson and Cory Gierman .
The University of Lethbridge is a non - denominational university established in 1967 at Lethbridge , Alberta .
In 1993 , Bond started his own night at Bakers called Republica and later that year , the pair decided to collaborate on a new one - off event named Gatecrasher .
The firm came into existence on May 11 , 2015 from its predecessor Amarchand & Mangaldas & Suresh A Shroff & Co. A national leader in the area of corporate and finance , Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas ranks as one of most prestigious law firms in India .
The southern section was placed in Dawesville while the northern section was regazetted as Wannanup in 1996 .
Trolley Gallery is a contemporary art gallery in Shoreditch , east London , which emerged independently and alongside the already established Trolley Books in 2003 .
The race was first run in 1998 as the First Lady Stakes at a distance of 1 3⁄16 miles .
Ásmegin is a Norwegian folk / viking metal band formed in 1998 .
Premama ( formerly Priwater , Inc. ) was founded in 2010 by Brown University students Robert Aziz and William Do .
Bad Girrls Studios was a popular Boston gallery and performance space from 1996 to 2000 , located at 209 Green Street in Jamaica Plain .
The Institut Sup'Biotech de Paris ( Sup'Biotech or ISBP ; English : Paris Higher Biotechnology Institute ) is a French private engineering school created in 2003 located in Villejuif close to Paris .
Urker ( Kazakh : Үркер , Russian : Уркер ) is a Kazakh pop - folk group established in 1994 .
Liquid Tension Experiment ( LTE ) was an instrumental progressive metal band founded by Mike Portnoy , then Dream Theater 's drummer , in 1997 .
Crowded House are a rock band formed in Melbourne , Australia , in 1985 .
The United Hockey Union ( UHU ) , founded in 2012 , is a group of ice hockey leagues in North America .
The RA Photo Club was founded in 1939 as the `` RA Camera Club '' , its first chairperson being Doug White of the National Film Board of Canada and met at 30 Rideau St. near the Government Conference Centre ( then Union Station ) .
The Pritt stick was first marketed in 1969 , and by 1971 was available in 38 countries .
École Victor - Brodeur was formed from the 1985 merger of the two local Francophone schools , the `` Programme Cadre de français '' at Uplands Elementary School in nearby Oak Bay and a school for the children of the military at CFB Esquimalt .
The Casa di Goethe , opened in 1997 and is administrated by the Association of Independent Cultural Institutes ( AsKI ) and directed by Ursula Bongaerts .
SoundCloud was originally founded in Stockholm , Sweden , but was established in Berlin in August 2007 by Swedish sound designer Ljung and Swedish artist Wahlforss .
Tennis Europe ( formerly known as the European Tennis Association ) was formed in Rome , Italy on 31 May 1975 by a group of 17 European national tennis federations as a regional governing body for the sport of tennis and under the auspices of the International Tennis Federation .
Świetliki ( The Fireflies ) are a Polish band formed in Cracow in October 1992 .
The FSAI was established on 1 January 1999 , with the enactment of the Food Safety Authority of Ireland Act , 1998 .
On December 20 , 2010 , just four days after its public launch , About.me was acquired by AOL .
The Cercle de l'Oratoire ( French for `` Oratory Circle '' ) is a French think tank created a short time after the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
View from Stalheim ( Norwegian : Fra Stalheim ) is an 1842 oil painting by J. C. Dahl of the mountainous view from Stalheim , Voss , Hordaland .
Gamma Phi Delta Sorority , Inc. ( ΓΦΔ ) was founded in February , 1943 at the Lewis Business College ( Lewis College of Business ) , Detroit , Michigan by Mrs. Elizabeth Garner , an instructor at the College , assisted by her sister , Mrs. Violet Lewis , owner and President of the College .
and launched its product in 2011 , Legitmix sells a file that rebuilds a remixed song on a user 's hard drive using the listener 's copies of the sampled tracks .
The Asteroids Galaxy Tour is a Danish pop band consisting of vocalist Mette Lindberg and songwriter / producer Lars Iversen , formed in 2007 .
Formed in the late 2008- early 2009 , Sinister Violence consisted of Gyaltzen Yonzon on vocals , Karan Thapa on guitars , Anil Pradhan on keyboards , Wangden Lepcha on bass and Thupden Bhutia on drums . The band incorporates various forms of metal ranging from Grindcore , Black Metal , Old School Death Metal and Symphonic Metal .
Miss Global Zimbabwe is a National Beauty Pageant in Zimbabwe that was founded in 2012 by Tare Munzara and Ronald Tisauke , that promotes beauty , charity and tourism .
Raising a flag over the Reichstag is a historic World War II photograph , taken during the Battle of Berlin on 2 May 1945 .
The Nashua Broadband Tshwane Capital Classic , also called NBT Capital Classic or Tshwane Capital Classic is a single day men 's road bicycle racing race held in South Africa , which was held for the first time in 2006 .
WWMB went on the air September 21 , 1994 as an independent station .
The Melbourne Queer Film Festival ( MQFF ) has been running continuously since 1991 and is Australia 's longest - running queer film festival .
Tractor Brewing Company is a New Mexico - based brewery , founded in 1999 in Los Lunas and since 2014 located in Albuquerque .
The UK Research Integrity Office ( UKRIO ) , established in 2006 is an independent body in the United Kingdom `` which provides expert advice and guidance about the conduct of research '' .
The Oslo Center was founded by former Norwegian prime minister Kjell Magne Bondevik in January 2006 .
Weepers Circus is a French musical group founded in 1988 by Franck George and Eric Kaija Guerrier .
Oman News Agency or ONA was established by Royal decree in 1997 and the official news agency of the government of Oman .
The Cook Islands Federation was created in 1893 as the administrative replacement of the British protectorate of the Kingdom of Rarotonga .
Freedom from Hunger ( established in 1946 ) is an international development organization working in nineteen different countries .
The Indian Orthopaedic Association was founded in 1955 and as on 2013 had over 9,000 members .
Kiruv Organisation is an Orthodox Judaism outreach organization founded in 1995 by Rabbi Yosef Mizrachi in New York for the purpose of teaching Torah to both secular and religious Jews .
Pokhara University ( PU or PoU ) was established in 1996 as Nepal 's fifth university .
With Force Peru ( Spanish : Con Fuerza Perú ) is a Peruvian political party founded in March 1995 .
In 2001 , Gardenasia was co - founded by Mr Kenny Eng under their parent company , Nyee Phoe Group ( NPG ) .
Nuclear Mango was founded in 2008 by Bollywood filmmaker Govind Menon and American independent film filmmaker William Sees Keenan .
Mange Makers is a Swedish group composed of Peter Balazs ( Bacall ) as video & music producer 2011 - 2014 , Max Christensson as dancer , Max Henriksson as beatbox and Didrik Rastbäck as vocals .
Northland Nightmares founded their first team , Hell 's Wives , in 2010 .
Caledonian Brewery is a Scottish brewery founded in 1869 in Shandon , Edinburgh , Scotland .
Most of its army and some people retreated into exile to Greece and Corfu , where they recovered , regrouped and returned to the Macedonian front to lead a final breakthrough through enemy lines on 15 September 1918 , liberating Serbia and defeating the Austro - Hungarian Empire and Bulgaria .
Robert Fico 's First Cabinet was the cabinet of Slovakia from 2006 to 2010 , under the leadership of Prime Minister Robert Fico .
The alliance was later extended for the 2015 legislative election under the name Portugal Ahead .
Basehead , also known as dc Basehead and Basehead 2.0 , is an American alternative hip hop group formed by Michael Ivey in 1992 .
The Society of Business Practitioners ( SBP ) UK , founded in 1956 , is a senior examining UK institution providing vocational qualifications in business , computer studies , management and marketing .
Established in 2008 , Lionsgate Academy is open to all students of all abilities ; however , their program is inclusively designed to meet the unique needs of students living with Asperger 's syndrome and those on the autism spectrum .
Norvega Esperantista Ligo ( Norsk Esperanto - Forbund , Norwegian Esperanto League ) was founded in 1911 .
The Congressional Cemetery was established by private citizens associated with Christ Church on a 4.5 acre plot in 1807 and was later given to Christ Church , which gave it its official name Washington Parish Burial Ground .
The Brigidine Sisters ( also known as the Brigidine Order , or simply the Brigidines ) are a global Roman Catholic congregation , founded by Bishop Daniel Delany in Ireland on February 1 , 1807 .
Long Island Alliance for Peaceful Alternatives is a non - profit organization founded in 1985 to provide educational programs on peace and national security issues and to promote dialogue on the role and responsibility of citizens in determining national priorities and policies .
The rock band In Legend was founded in 2010 by Van Canto drummer Bastian Emig who assumed the role of vocalist and pianist in the band .
Teeth of Lions Rule the Divine are an English drone doom supergroup , formed in 2001 and featuring musicians from other metal bands .
SpeechCycle ( formerly Telleureka ) was founded in August 2001 by Zor Gorelov(CEO ) , Ruth Brown ( President ) , and Victor Goltsman ( SVP of Operations ) .
The Harmonia Ensemble is an Italian chamber music group started in 1991 under the direction of Giampiero Bigazzi .
The settlement of Chagoda was founded in 1926 as Bely Bychok to serve a new glass making factory .
The Jazzpar Prize ( established 1990 ) was an annual Danish prize within jazz founded by Arnvid Meyer .
Bambuser is a Swedish company , founded in 2007 , providing a platform for interactive live video broadcasting , for streaming live video from mobile phones and webcams to the internet .
Joe 's Crab Shack opened its first location in Houston , Texas in 1991 .
The Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences or Kungliga Ingenjörsvetenskapsakademien ( IVA ) , founded on 24 October 1919 by King Gustaf V , is one of the Royal Academies in Sweden .
Peter Hook and The Light are an English rock band , formed in May 2010 by the former Joy Division and New Order bassist , Peter Hook .
Travancore Engineering College is a self - financing college established in 2002 and affiliated to the University of Kerala , Trivandrum .
The Abu Dhabi Authority for Culture & Heritage ( ADACH ) was founded in 2006 , in order to be the United Arab Emirate 's solitary governing body for cultural heritage maintenance .
The Association of Ayurvedic Professionals of North America ( AAPNA ) , founded in 2007 is an association of Ayurvedic practitioners in North America .
The Legion of French Volunteers Against Bolshevism ( French : Légion des volontaires français contre le bolchévisme , or simply Légion des volontaires français , LVF ) was a collaborationist French militia founded on July 8 , 1941 .
The Monks of Doom is an American alternative rock band , formed in California in 1986 .
Founded by Orlando Corradi in 1985 and based in Rome , Mondo TV is a public company , quoted on the STAR segment of the Italian main stock exchange , Borsa Italiana , a part of the London Stock Exchange Group since 2007 .
LJ Research ( formerly Lynn Jones Research ) is a market research agency based in Edinburgh , Scotland established in 1998 .
Glory Fall first began on September 3 , 2010 as a two - day event at the Place of Refuge Church .
Harbor City International School , also known as Harbor City or HCIS , is a secondary school in Duluth , Minnesota that opened in the fall of 2002 .
On August 5 , 1994 the National Congress of Ecuador created the Politecnica Salesiana University , with its counterpart in the city of Cuenca , with headquarters in the cities of Quito and Guayaquil .
Bulvar Dmitriya Donskogo is the newest station of the line ( opened on 26 December 2002 ) .
The station was assigned the call sign `` KVGQ '' by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) on November 13 , 2009 .
Union of Wrestling Forces International , better known as UWF International , U - Inter , or simply UWFi , was a shoot style professional wrestling promotion in Japan from 1991 to 1996 .
Sidho Kanho Birsha University is a state university established in 2010 in Purulia , West Bengal , India .
Agropop was active from 1984 - 2000 .
According to Singham , after two - to - three years , Singham started recruiting additional staff and came up with the name ThoughtWorks in 1990.The company was incorporated under the new name in 1993 and focused on building software applications .
The Uganda National Health Users''/Consumers '' Organization or Uganda National Health Consumers ' Organisation ( UNHCO ) is a Ugandan nonprofit organization established in 1999 to advocate for the realization of the right to health for all Ugandans .
The End Band is an Alternative , Indie pop band from Vienna ( Wien ) , Austria , which was founded in 2009 and soon became a well - known act in the Viennese independent scene .
The Lagunitas Brewing Company is a brewery founded in 1993 in Lagunitas , California , The company is half - owned by Heineken International .
When originally formed , the 1st Panzer Army was named Panzer Group Kleist ( Panzergruppe Kleist ) and was activated on November 16 , 1940 with Field Marshal Ewald von Kleist in command .
Curling Legs Productions A / S ( established 1992 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian record label with a catalogue encompassing all styles of jazz and improvised music .
Chrome Locust were an American stoner rock band formed in New York city that was active between 1998 and 1999 .
Appaloosa Interactive ( formerly Novotrade International ) was a corporation , founded in 1983 in Hungary , that produced numerous console games , computer programs and TV - commercials during the 1980s and 90 's .
Black Dice formed in spring 1997 soon after guitarist Bjorn Copeland met drummer Hisham Bharoocha and bassist Sebastian Blanck when they were students at the Rhode Island School of Design .
Futurism is an avant - garde movement founded in Milan in 1909 by the Italian poet Filippo Tommaso Marinetti .
Thrivent Financial was officially formed on January 1 , 2002 , with the merger of Aid Association for Lutherans ( AAL ) and Lutheran Brotherhood ( LB ) , which had been established in 1902 and 1917 respectively .
Delrina was a Canadian software company , which was founded in 1988 and was subsequently acquired by the American software firm Symantec in 1995 .
Thou Art Lord are an Athens - based black metal band , formed in 1993 .
Arab Liberation Front ( Arabic : جبهة التحرير العربية , Jabhet Al - Tahrir Al-'Arabiyah‎ ) is a minor Palestinian political group , previously controlled by the Iraqi - led Ba'ath movement , formed in 1969 by Ahmed Hassan al - Bakr and then headed by Saddam Hussein .
Live Oak Decline began in 2001 when Combs , Ewart , and Watson moved into a house together on Live Oak Street in Austin , Texas .
The University of Bihać ( Bosnian : Univerzitet u Bihaću ) is a public institution of higher education founded on 28 July 1997 , in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lair of the Minotaur was formed by vocalist / guitarist Steven Rathbone in 2003 after his other band , 7000 Dying Rats , became a studio - only project .
Carpenters Workshop Gallery was founded in 2005 by two French entrepreneurs , Loïc Le Gaillard and Julien Lombrail .
Burners Without Borders formed in 2005 when Burners ( Burning Man attendees ) volunteered in the Hurricane Katrina disaster area .
The agency was created in April 1997 by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency Act for the purpose of combining and integrating the related inspection services of three separate federal government departments :
Barkmarket was a rock music group formed in New York City in 1987 .
Africa Research Institute ( ARI ) is an independent not - for - profit think - tank that was founded in February 2007 .
Lancer Books was a publisher of paperback books operated from 1961 through 1973 by Irwin Stein and Walter Zacharius .
Skitsystem ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ɧiːtsʏsteːm ) , Fucking System or Fucking Society , literally `` Shit System '' ) is a Swedish crust punk band formed in early 1994 .
Territory Studio is an independent creative agency established in 2010 and located in London .
The Krasts cabinet was the government of Latvia from 7 August 1997 to 26 November 1998 .
Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School was established in 2013 , and construction began in 2012 on Tim Dobbie Drive .
The Sichuan Symphony Orchestra ( Chinese : 四川 交响乐团 ; pinyin : Sichuan Jiāoxiǎng Yuètuán ; abbreviated SSO ) was established in 2002 .
Banca IFIS ( Istituto di Finanziamento e Sconto ) is a bank founded in 1983 in Genoa , Italy by Sebastien Egon Fürstenberg , the current Chairman and majority shareholder .
The Sessions Band is an American musical group that has periodically recorded and toured with American rock singer - songwriter Bruce Springsteen in various formations since 1997 .
Centro de Futebol Zico de Brasília Sociedade Esportiva were founded on August 1 , 1999 by former footballer Zico as a branch of Rio de Janeiro state club Centro de Futebol Zico Sociedade Esportiva .
Open Universities Australia was formed as the Open Learning Agency of Australia Pty Ltd ( OLAA or OLA ) in late 1993 as a private company .
Founded in 2006 , Look See Proof played in venues across the UK supporting bands like The Fratellis , The Rifles , Foals , The Dykeenies , Breaks Co - Op , Good Shoes , The Twang , and The Holloways .
East Richland Christian Schools was formed by the merger of New Covenant Academy and Faith Community Christian High School in 2009 .
In 2002 , the two firms merged into Marshall Diel & Myers .
Abominator is an Australian black / death metal band formed in Melbourne , Australia , in 1994 .
Amtek Industries was founded in 1995 by Abdul Mateen Ekkeri as a textile company .
The Togoland Congress ( TCP ) was a political party formed in 1951 to campaign for the unification of the Ewe people in British Togoland and French Togoland as a separate Ewe state .
Los Bunkers ( Spanish for The Bunkers ) were an alternative rock band from Concepción , Chile , formed in 1999 by brothers Álvaro and Gonzalo López , Mauricio Basualto , and brothers Francisco and Mauricio Durán .
Atomic 7 is a Canadian instrumental rock trio formed in 1998 , led by its only constant member , former Shadowy Men on a Shadowy Planet guitarist Brian Connelly .
In 2002 the Ballarat Post Office became part of the University of Ballarat Arts Academy which includes the Post Office Gallery .
Benefit Cosmetics was founded in 1976 by twins Jean and Jane Ford .
Established in October 1998 , Sunshine Express Airlines was founded by one of Australias aviation leaders , Steve Padgett , to serve many regional routes , mainly out of the Sunshine Coast .
Formed in 1997 , Floetry started on the performance poetry stage .
The Global Accounting Alliance ( GAA ) is an international coalition of accounting organisations that was formed in 2006 .
Formed in 2002 following Leach 's departure from Killswitch Engage , Seemless was signed to Equal Vision Records , and released their first self - titled LP .
The first CzechTek was held in 1994 at Hostomice , it was organized by the Spiral Tribe sound system and a group of artists called the Mutoid Waste Company , foreigners also prevailed among participants .
In April 1919 Siddeley - Deasy was bought out by Armstrong Whitworth Development Company of Newcastle upon Tyne and in May 1919 became Armstrong Siddeley Motors Ltd , a subsidiary with J. D. Siddeley as managing director .
Mirrorsoft was a computer game software publisher in the United Kingdom , founded by Jim Mackonochie and Robert Maxwell in 1982 and owned by Mirror Group Newspapers .
Ageia , founded in 2002 , was a fabless semiconductor company .
Falköpings KIK , formed 1976 , is a sports club in Falköping , Sweden .
A second Needle Tower , Needle Tower II , was completed in 1968 and was acquired by the Kröller - Müller Museum in 1971 .
TennesseeSkies was a subsidiary of Pacific Wings founded in 2009 .
In January 2013 , Prizeo participated in the technology start - up incubator Y Combinator 's Winter 2013 program .
Founded in 2001 the School of Medical Science and Technology brings together doctors , scientists and engineers to work collaboratively on projects for better healthcare .
TV - Alvitécnica is a retail company founded in Portugal in 1987 .
Public Enterprise Klaipėda city passenger transport - was founded on March 27 , 2003 by Klaipeda City Municipality Council Decision number 1 - 81 .
Remedy Corporation was founded in 1990 by Larry Garlick , who was the CEO until 2001 , and Dave Mahler and Doug Mueller .
Ebba Grön was a Swedish punk band formed in Stockholm in 1977 .
Playboy Enterprises was created in 1953 as the HMH Publishing Co. , Inc. for the purpose of publishing Playboy .
The success of the Mall at Rockingham Park , which opened in August 1991 , caused the Methuen Mall across the line in Methuen , Massachusetts , to close in 1997 ; it was replaced with The Loop , a `` big box''-style center .
The Bundles were an anti - folk music group formed in 2001 by Jeffrey Lewis and The Moldy Peaches ' Kimya Dawson .
The Kempe Award for Distinguished Ecologists is a prize awarded biennially from 1994 onwards to recognise outstanding individuals within the science of ecology .
No Records was a record label and later record distributor that operated in Halifax , Nova Scotia from January 1993 to August 2004 .
The University of Birmingham School opened in September 2015 , and is sponsored by the University of Birmingham and managed by an Academy Trust .
Active Citizenship ( Italian : Cittadinanza Attiva ) is a left - wing political and electoral alliance in San Marino , formed to contest the 2012 general election .
LifeTalk Radio 's first radio station , KSOH in Yakima , Washington , began broadcasting in March 1992 .
The National Leprechaun Museum is a museum dedicated to leprechauns which has operated between Jervis Street and Middle Abbey Street ( on 1 Jervis Street ) in Dublin , Ireland , since 10 March 2010 .
The San Francisco Center for the Book ( SFCB ) is a non - profit organization founded in 1996 by Mary Austin and Kathleen Burch in San Francisco , California in the United States .
The Landig Group was an occultist and neo - völkisch group formed in 1950 , that first gathered for discussions at the studio of the designer Wilhelm Landig in Vienna 's 4th district of Wieden , in Austria .
Helsana emerged in 1996 from the merger of two health and accident insurance companies , Helvetia and Artisana .
The Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock / Metal Performance was an award presented at the 2012 and 2013 Grammy Awards , a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards .
The Sea Fish Industry Authority ( or Seafish ) is a United Kingdom non - departmental public body , established in 1981 , and charged with working with the UK seafood industry to promote good quality , sustainable seafood .
Vibracathedral Orchestra is an England - based drone ensemble that has been active since 1998 .
EVRYTHNG announced Diageo , a British alcoholic beverages company , as its first customer in October 2012 .
Esporte Clube Tigres do Brasil is a Brazilian football team from the city of Rio de Janeiro , Rio de Janeiro state , founded on January 19 , 2004 .
The Gateway Western Railway began operations on January 9 , 1990 after purchasing the Kansas City to St. Louis right - of - way from the bankrupt Chicago , Missouri and Western Railway .
Sandefjord Fotball is a Norwegian professional football club , founded on September 10 , 1998 .
Founded on 28 October 1893 by the merger of the Valparaiso Bank ( 1855 ) , National Bank of Chile ( 1865 ) and Agriculturist Bank ( 1869 ) , Banco de Chile has traditionally led the Chilean financial market as one of the largest banks in terms of turnover and deposits .
Jordan Hospital is a medical center in Amman , Jordan , established in 1993 under royal patronage .
This was the first line - up of `` Dismal Euphony '' , officially formed in 1995 .
The Top 100 Crime Novels of All Time is a list published in book form in 1990 by the British - based Crime Writers ' Association .
Aracne is an Italian publishing company , founded in 1993 by Gioacchino Onorati and specialized in academic and scientific literature .
Vive la Fête ( English : Long live the party ) are a Belgian music duo from Ghent , East Flanders , formed in 1997 by Danny Mommens ( guitar , vocals ) and Els Pynoo ( vocals ) .
Balkanton was a state - owned record manufacturing company in Bulgaria founded in 1952 .
TrueBliss were a New Zealand pop girl group formed in April 1999 .
Established in 1996 , Bioscientifica Ltd is the commercial subsidiary of the Society for Endocrinology , and provides publishing , events , and association management services to biomedical societies , and to the pharmaceutical industry .
Oh No Forest Fires was a Canadian indie pop band from Toronto and nearby Brampton , Ontario , formed in 2007 and disbanded in 2010 .
Founded in 1962 by Toronto pharmacist Murray Koffler , the company has expanded to a network of more than 1,253 Shoppers Drug Mart / Pharmaprix stores across Canada .
Started in 1995 , Hip Entertainment Group sought to help bridge the gap between a Spanish and English TV audience .
The Cinema Organ Society ( COS ) was founded in 1952 by Hubert Selby and Tony Moss for those interested in organ music as entertainment .
Founded in Paris in 1952 by Guinean choreographer Fodéba Keïta , Les Ballets Africains toured successfully for the next eight years .
The Kingdom of Jaén ( Spanish : reino de Jaén ) was a territorial jurisdiction of the Crown of Castile from the time it was won from Muslim rule in 1246 during the Reconquista until Javier de Burgos ' provincial division of Spain in 1833 .
Since its launch 2001 , it has also been tested by Le Monde diplomatique newspaper and www.vacarme.eu.org ; the webmaster of Le Monde diplomatique is one of the initiators of SPIP , SPIP integrates a cache mechanism , an authentication system , an automatic setup module and an interface for administration and input of articles .
Mezhprombank ( in Russian : АКБ `` МЕЖПРОМБАНК '' ( ОАО ) ) is a Russian open joint stock bank founded in 1994 as JSC LAKAR .
Ikerbasque , the Basque Foundation for Science , is a foundation promoted by the Basque Government in 2007 .
The Olympia Experimental Music Festival , also known for a time as The Olympia Festival of Experimental Musics , has been produced annually in Olympia , Washington since 1995 .
Hialeah Gardens High School is a secondary school in Hialeah Gardens , Florida , United States which opened in August 2009 .
The Special Brigade was formed on 29 September 2006 by combining the elite special forces units of Military of Serbia and Montenegro ; 72nd Special Brigade , 63rd Paratroop Brigade , Cobra anti - terrorist squad , and parts of the 82nd Marine Center .
The William and Mousie Powell Award is an award given each year since 1986 by the LPGA Tour to a player who `` whose behavior and deeds best exemplifies the spirit , ideals and values of the LPGA . ''
The BC Angels were formerly an expansion team in the Lingerie Football League and played several games in the 2012 - 13 season .
In 2012 and 2013 , figure was the only competition held at the Omaha Pro . In 2014 , figure was dropped from the Omaha Pro , while women 's bodybuilding , men and women 's physique was added .
Os Azeitonas are a Portuguese alternative rock band from Porto , formed in 2002 .
Catchers was an Irish indie pop band formed in 1993 and led by singer - songwriter Dale Grundle .
LKQ Corporation was founded by Donald Flynn in 1998 with the purchase of Triplett Automotive Recycling in Akron , OH .
Durium Records was also the name of an Italian record label that was active from 1935 to 1989 .
Roady 's Truck Stops was founded January 1 , 2007 , when two trucking industry marketing groups merged .
The original construction permit for KCOS - LP was granted on June 26 , 1995 , to Carlos Ortiz , Sr . , pastor of Faith Pleases God Church in Harlingen , Texas .
The former Bexhill Museum had been founded in 1914 after it asked one of its founders to resign .
Sambassadeur are a Swedish pop band formed in 2003 in Gothenburg .
Relentless Records was formally registered as a company on 1 December 1999 .
Desaster are a black / thrash metal band formed in Koblenz , Germany in 1988 .
Newburyport Brewing Company is Massachusett 's only keg and can brewery , founded in 2012 by local residents Chris Webb and Bill Fisher along with Brewmaster Mike Robinson .
Initially set up in Germany in 1935 , Lebensborn expanded into several occupied European countries with Germanic populations during the Second World War .
ADVFN was established in the last quarter of 1999 and floated on AIM in March 2000 .
Interia.pl is a large Polish web portal and a popular search engine created in 1999 in Nowa Huta district of Kraków , Poland .
The British Medical Association was founded as the Provincial Medical and Surgical Association ( PMSA ) by Sir Charles Hastings on 19 July 1832 at a meeting in the Board Room of the Worcester Infirmary .
The Texas Northeastern Railroad ( reporting mark TNER ) is a Class III railroad operating in the United States state of Texas that began operations in 1990 .
`` Quadrophonia '' , which reached # 14 in April 1991 , followed by `` The Wave Of The Future '' , which charted at # 40 in July of the same year .
The company was founded as a joint - venture between Reuters and Dow Jones & Company in May 1999 under the Dow Jones Reuters Business Interactive name , and renamed Factiva six months later .
During 2004 , Mam Tor Publishing was established by Liam & Christina McCormack - Sharp to publish Sharpenings , The Art of Liam Sharp .
It opened 1 May 1960 , and was renamed Jinan Zoo on 8 September 1989 .
The Robot Ate Me is an experimental indie rock band formed by Ryland Bouchard in 2002 which has been through many distinct phases incorporating aspects of folk , jazz , psychedelia and avant - garde rock .
Hunan Provincial Museum ( simplified Chinese : 湖南省博物馆 ; traditional Chinese : 湖南省博物館 ; pinyin : Húnán Shěng Bówùguǎn ) is the provincial museum of Hunan province in China built in 1951 and opened to the public in July 1956 .
Banda do Mar is a Portuguese / Brazilian band formed in 2013 by Marcelo Camelo ( vocals / guitar ) , his wife Mallu Magalhães ( vocals / guitar ) and Fred Ferreira ( drums ) .
Syracuse Orange women 's ice hockey is a college ice hockey program that has represented Syracuse University in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I and College Hockey America ( CHA ) since the 2008 - 09 season . Syracuse plays its home games at Tennity Ice Skating Pavilion in Syracuse , New York .
Pulitzer Arts Foundation in St. Louis , Missouri opened in 2001 with a building designed by internationally renowned Japanese architect , Tadao Ando .
The Columbus Quest was a professional women 's basketball franchise located in Columbus , Ohio in the now - defunct American Basketball League ( 1996 - 1998 ) ( ABL ) .
In 2002 -- eleven years after the Cologne Model of design education was initiated in 1991 -- the school was renamed to Köln International School of Design .
Garden House School was founded in 1951 by a former ballet teacher , Margery de Brissac Bernard , ( 1896 - 1994 ) , as a single pre - preparatory school .
Communists of Catalonia ( Catalan : Comunistes de Catalunya ) is a communist party in Catalonia founded in 2014 .
The George Washington Book Prize was instituted in 2005 and is awarded annually to the best book on the founding era of the United States ; especially ones that have the potential to advance broad public understanding of American history .
The Centre for Studies in Civilizations ( CSC ) , founded 12 October 1995 , is a non - governmental organisation ( NGO ) based in India .
The Bij ' t Vuur was a Dutch automobile manufactured by C. Bij ' t Vuur in Arnhem from 1902 until 1906 .
1999 as Auctionwatch.com , Vendio was an online auction aggregator that allowed visitors to search for items on multiple auction sites from one location .
The département of Hautes - Pyrénées was created at the time of the French Revolution , on 4 March 1790 , through the influence of Tarbes politician Bertrand Barère , a member of the Convention .
1991 FC Moskovsky 1992 Interros Moskovsky 1993 Interros Moscow 1994 Tekhinvest - M Moskovsky 1995 Moskovsky - Selyatino Selyatino ( Moscow Oblast ) 1996 - 1997 MChS - Selyatino Selyatino 1998 Krasnoznamensk - Selyatino Krasnoznamensk 1999 - 2002 FC Krasnoznamensk
Zooppa was founded in 2007 near Venice , Italy where they were incubated as part of the H - Farm Ventures program .
Interior Semiotics was a 2010 performance by Natacha Stolz ( also known as Gabbi Colette ) at FOREVER(21 ) , an apartment gallery event in West Town , Chicago .
China Datang Corporation ( CDT ) is one of the five large - scaled power generation enterprises in the People 's Republic of China , established on the basis of former State Power Corporation of China in 2002 .
The Railway Clearing House commenced operations on 2 January 1842 in small offices at 111 Drummond Street opposite Euston Station , London .
Ansar Bait al - Maqdis emerged as an extremist militant group after the 2011 Egyptian revolution , with its operations increasing in the wake of the 2013 Egyptian coup d'état which deposed President Mohamed Morsi .
The Foxes are a London based indie rock band formed in 2006 .
Israel Beer Breweries Ltd ( IBBL ) is a brewery founded in 1992 in Ashkelon , Israel .
The new Wallowa Union Railroad Authority took over ownership from Wallowa County and operations from the INPR in 2003 .
Erase Errata formed in Oakland , California in 1999 and quickly earned national attention after the release of their first eponymous 7 `` and via tours with electro grrl band Le Tigre and Japanese noise rockers Melt Banana .
By 1986 , the group had changed its name to the Coastal Jazz and Blues Society , secured corporate sponsorship , and partnered with Expo 86 to produce the first annual Vancouver International Jazz Festival .
The Universidad Pública de Navarra ( Basque : Nafarroako Unibertsitate Publikoa ) was created in 1987 by the government of the Spanish autonomous region of Navarre ( Spanish : Navarra , Basque : Nafarroa ) .
Tilera was founded in October 2004 , by Agarwal , Devesh Garg , and Vijay K. Aggarwal .
Philippe Corrot and Adrien Nussenbaum created Mirakl in 2011 .
The Cairns Cyclones were a rugby league team that competed in the QRL Queensland Cup competition from 1996 - 2000 .
Heart Internet was founded by Tim Beresford and Jonathan Brealey in 2004 .
Doctors Geoffrey Guy and Brian Whittle founded GW Pharmaceuticals in 1998 .
The Sports Fan Radio Network was a national sports talk radio network that existed from 1996 through 2001 , when it abruptly folded .
ProgPower Europe ( formerly ProgPower ) is a progressive and power metal festival held annually in the Netherlands since 1999 .
The Monash Institute of Medical Research was founded in 1991 by Emeritus Professor David de Kretser AC . de Kretser 's passion for reproductive and developmental health was the driving force behind the formation of the then named Monash Institute for Reproduction and Development .
INTO University Partnerships was founded in 2005 and is chaired by Andrew Colin , who had previously set up Study Group International , an education business he sold to the Daily Mail Group , and Embassy CES , a chain of language schools .
The channel originally launched in October 29 , 1997 as Central Florida News 13 ; it was originally partnered with the Orlando Sentinel to help with 24-hour newsgathering operations and the channel was originally operated by Time Warner Cable , which relinquished cable television franchise rights in the Orlando metropolitan area to Bright House Networks in 2001 .
The National Institute of Genetics ( `` Japanese Institute of Genetics '' ) is a Japanese institution founded in 1949 .
Founded in 1921 , Compañía Mexicana de Aviación , S.A. de C.V. ( commonly known as Mexicana ) was Mexico 's oldest airline and one of the oldest continuously single - branded airlines ( after KLM , Avianca and QANTAS ) , and Mexico 's biggest and flagship airline before ceasing operations on August 28 , 2010 .
Lake House Academy was founded in 2010 under the direction of Catherine `` Cat '' Jennings , who was previously executive director of New Leaf Academy in Hendersonville , North Carolina , and earlier worked at Stone Mountain School .
The first Ed 's Easy Diner was opened by Barry Margolis in London 's Soho in 1987 .
The Friends of Israel Initiative ( FOII ) is an international effort , to `` seek to counter the attempts to delegitimize the State of Israel and its right to live in peace within safe and defensible borders '' , initiated and led by former Prime Minister of Spain and People 's Party leader José María Aznar in 2010 .
The bassist Brandon Schwartzel , is the half cousin of Elvis and Max , the four have been performing together as FIDLAR since 2009 .
Raffles Hospital is officially opened on 16 March 2002 by DPM Lee Hsien Loong .
Open Road Recordings , a division of Maple Core Ltd. , is a Canadian country music record label established by Ron Kitchener in 2003 and distributed through Universal Music Canada .
The original Dinosaur Walk Museum first opened its doors to the public on June 24 , 2004 and was located in Riverhead , New York , on Long Island .
Vodien Internet Solutions was founded in 2002 , and was then registered as a sole proprietorship under the business name of `` Vodien Studios '' .
The Association of Scouts of Azerbaijan ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Skautlar Assosiasiyası ) , ( ASA ) the national Scouting organization of Azerbaijan , was founded in 1997 , and became the 150th member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement on August 20 , 2000 .
In its inaugural 2009 - -10 season league format season , the VTB United League featured clubs from Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Russia and Ukraine .
The Biosciences Federation ( BSF ) was a United Kingdom body formed in 2002 .
John Carpenter , Mitch Wikum and Steve Meeham founded Surfers Paradise Baseball Club in 1987 .
BMCE Bank International was launched in 2007 under the name MediCapital Bank as the international wholesale arm of BMCE Group and started trading in February 2008 .
The Curtis Mathes Corporation was founded in 1957 and shortly thereafter entered the television industry , founding plants in Tarrant and Dallas Counties and in Athens , Texas .
Since One Young World 's founding in 2010 , there have been four Summits , the first in London , England , on 8 - -10 February 2010 .
Olympos Mons was a Finnish power metal band , formed in 2002 by guitarist Jari Sundström and singer Ian E. Highhill .
Desperado Publishing is an American independent comic book publisher , established in 2004 .
Liberty Lobby was an American political advocacy organization founded in 1958 that went bankrupt in 2001 .
After a long - term dispute in 1172 the Duchy of Opole was formed with Jarosław becoming the first duke .
The Shotts and Dykehead Caledonia Pipe Band was formed in 1910 by Pipe Major Dugald MacFarlane .
Télé Lyon Métropole ( TLM ) launched on November 25 , 1988 by Roger Caille , director of Jet Services at this year , in the Tour du Crédit Lyonnais .
Established in 2003 , it changed its name from Peter & Paul Jazz Festival to Jazz Q in 2005 and finally to Petro Jazz in 2008 .
TV4 Norge started in 1990 and was shut down in 1992 because it did n't make enough money .
Explore Scientific is a company founded by former Meade Instruments Vice President of Brand Community Scott W. Roberts in 2008 and owned by Chinese manufacturer Jinghua Optical Electronics Co. , Ltd. ( JOC ) .
Launched in 2003 , Real Talk Entertainment is a privately held Sacramento , California based hip hop record label .
Over the course of 2015 , RoboValley continued its development , starting with the creation of the Robo Service Centre , a virtual office for start - up robotics companies and a shared service centre for all robotics activities in RoboValley .
The Taxpayers originated in 2007 in Portland , Oregon .
Airdash was a technical / progressive thrash / speed metal - band , formed in the middle of the 1980s , 1986 .
Established in 2009 as independently governed and operated charter schools , Da Vinci Schools have earned a reputation for hands - on learning and a new public - private partnership model where industry helps to define the real - world skill sets needed to prepare students for jobs in today 's global economy .
Winds of Plague is an American deathcore band from Upland , California , formed in 2002 .
National Software Testing Laboratories , or NSTL , is an American company , established in 1983 , which tests computer hardware and software .
Oncolytics Biotech Inc. was founded in Calgary in 1998 in response to discoveries made on the oncolytic potential of reovirus made at the University of Calgary during the 1990s .
It was established in 1984 by the Moi University Act of Parliament after recommendations from the Mackay Commission .
Falkenberg Old Town Hall ( Swedish Falkenbergs rådhus ) is a former town hall , built 1826 .
The Meridian International Center is a non - partisan , not - for - profit , public diplomacy organization founded in 1960 and located in Washington , D.C The organization 's mission is to promote `` global leadership through the exchange of ideas , people , and culture . ''
The Moscow Theological Academy was founded in 1687 by two Greeks monks , Sophronius and Joanniki Lichud , as part of the Slavic Greek Latin Academy .
The basketball section of the sports club QTSV Quakenbrück was established in 1955 .
The Second cabinet of Thabo Mbeki was the cabinet of the government of South Africa since 27 April 2004 .
When founded in 1987 , Creators Syndicate became one of the few successful independent syndicates founded since the 1930s and was the first syndicate to allow cartoonists ownership rights to their work .
The Church of the Guanche People ( in Spanish `` Iglesia del Pueblo Guanche '' ) is a religious organisation , founded in 2001 in the city of San Cristóbal de La Laguna ( Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain ) , aiming to rescue and spread the pagan religion of the Guanche people .
Realising how well their styles fitted together , they formed Rizzle Kicks in 2008 .
Unity Party ( Australia ) is a small multiculturist party in Australia , formed in 1997 and with the aim of opposing the rise of the controversial anti - immigration politician Pauline Hanson .
Zionist , secular Jewish youth movement founded in 1913 in Galicia , Austria - Hungary , and was also the name of the group 's political party in the Yishuv in the pre-1948 British Mandate of Palestine ( see Hashomer Hatzair Workers Party of Palestine ) .
The Centralverein deutscher Staatsbürger jüdischen Glaubens ( Central Association of German Citizens of Jewish Faith , Central Verein , CV ) was founded by German Jewish intellectuals on 26 March 1893 in Berlin , with the intention of opposing the rise of antisemitism in the German Empire .
Formerly , the Battle River Producer Car Group , a collective of 180 farmers , operated as a loader of grain cars only , but in May 2009 it became the Battle River Railway New Generation Co - operative , and purchased the branch line from CN in 2010 .
Atomic Cartoons is a Canadian animation company founded in 1999 by Trevor Bentley , Mauro Casalese , Rob Simmons and Rob Davies .
After its restoration was complete in 1971 , Whitehern has been open as a civic museum and has occasionally served as a period film location .
Li Po Chun United World College of Hong Kong ( Chinese : 香港李寶椿聯合世界書院 ) , established in 1992 , is a sixth - form college in Hong Kong .
Aleris was formed in 2004 through the merger of Commonwealth Industries , Inc. and IMCO Recycling Inc. In February 2009 , the US Justice Department filed suit against Aleris alleging that 15 of its plants had violated the Clean Air Act by emission of pollutants .
Henri Fabergé and the Adorables are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2005 from Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Dena Foundation for Contemporary Art , chaired and founded by art collector Giuliana Setari Carusi , in collaboration with its Board of Trustees and its Scientific Committee , is a non - profit organization established in New York in 2001 , with an office in Paris .
The Académie des Inscriptions et Belles - Lettres ( French pronunciation : ​(akademi dez‿ɛ̃skʁipsjɔ̃ e bɛl lɛtʁ ) ) is a French learned society devoted to the humanities , founded in February 1663 as one of the five academies of the Institut de France .
Established in 1891 , the Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery has a strong reputation for its collection which includes fine exhibitions of colonial art , contemporary craft and design , Tasmanian history and natural sciences , specifically a zoology collection .
FXX launched at 7:00 a.m. Eastern/6:00 a.m. Central on September 2 , 2013 , replacing Fox Soccer .
Tea for Julie is a Portland , Oregon - based indie rock band that formed in 2003 .
KRNK started out as KMGW `` Magic 94 '' , an adult contemporary radio station in the Summer of 1989 .
Miss Earth Germany is a national beauty pageant in Germany since 2010 to select an official candidate for the Miss Earth pageant .
He aimed only for the best and with God 's grace , on February 3 , 2011 the 250-bed Dr. Ronald P. Guzman Medical Center Inc. ( RPGMC ) opened its doors to the public .
The Southern California Linux Expo ( SCALE ) is an annual Linux , open source and free software conference held in Los Angeles , California , since 2002 .
The Austrian Netherlands ( German : Österreichische Niederlande ; Dutch : Oostenrijkse Nederlanden ; Latin : Belgium Austriacum ) was the Southern Netherlands between 1714 and 1797 .
Founded in 1972 , Hennepin Technical College is a public technical school , with two campuses in suburban Minneapolis , Minnesota .
CJJM - FM began testing at 99.3 FM in late 2007 and officially began broadcasting in spring 2008 .
The need for a local high school offering a continuation of the Uplands Preparatory value - based education inspired parents to make the decision on 31 May 1997 to found Uplands College .
The Antique Tribal Art Dealers Association ( ATADA ) , was founded in 1988 , by a group of independent antique tribal art dealers to form a professional association of dealers that would provide education for the public and set standards for the trade .
St. Cloud State University ( SCSU ) is a public university founded in 1869 above the Beaver Islands on the Mississippi River in St. Cloud , Minnesota , United States .
Whiskeytown was an alternative country band formed in 1994 from Raleigh , North Carolina , USA .
Armagedda was a Swedish black metal band that was founded in 1999 .
Previously a location for `` Šiaulių Oda '' factory it was initially redeveloped as a smaller Ogmios Šiauliai shopping mall , and rebranded Bruklinas after a major expansion was completed in 2006 - 2007 .
The Disco Biscuits launched Camp Bisco in 1999 with the idea of combining sets by electronic DJs with improvisational rock bands at a time when both the jam band and electronic dance music scenes were taking off in their own rights .
The Center for Autism and Related Disorders , Inc. ( CARD ) , founded in 1990 by Doreen Granpeesheh , is among the largest autism treatment organizations in the world .
École publique Gabrielle - Roy opened in 1997 with 25 students .
CJYE launched on February 5 , 2001 , adopting the frequency formerly held by its sister station CHWO .
Founded in 1896 by Fritz Hoffmann - La Roche , the company was early on known for producing various vitamin preparations and derivatives .
Thrift Store Cowboys are an alternative country and indie rock band , formed in 1999 , in Lubbock , Texas by Daniel Fluitt and Colt Miller .
Argentina Sono Film S.A.C.I. is an entertainment company based in Buenos Aires that produced most of the major films during the classic period of Argentine cinema from 1933 .
The Universal Hip Hop Parade was founded by Jeffery Kazembe Batts , Charles Barron , Freedom Williams and a host of activists in the fall of 1999 to celebrate the African American cultural social activist roots of hip - hop culture .
CJHR - FM began broadcasting at 98.7 MHz on December 11 , 2006 .
IndUS Aviation is an American light aircraft manufacturer founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Dallas , Texas at the Dallas Executive Airport .
The band was formed in 1993 in Oxford , England , and named after Hal Hartley 's film , The Unbelievable Truth .
The AGIPI Billiard Masters was a three - cushion billiards tournament which was held annually in Schiltigheim , France between 2008 and 2013 .
The Officina Bodoni was a private press operated by Giovanni Mardersteig from 1922 .
The Black Sheep Band is a Chicago - based Punk Rock super group that made a record for charity in 2011 called A Chicago Punk Rock Collaboration For The Kids , Vol 1 .
Odeon Records was a record label founded in 1903 by Max Straus and Heinrich Zuntz of the International Talking Machine Company in Berlin , Germany .
For the Fallen Dreams is an American metalcore / melodic hardcore band from Lansing , Michigan , formed in 2003 .
The Greening of Detroit is an urban forestry program and non - profit partner in The Detroit Partnership ; it was founded in 1989 .
The ' Turkish Academic Network and Information Center ( Turkish : Ulusal Akademik Ağ ve Bilgi Merkezi ) , shortly ULAKBIM , was founded as a research and development facility institute of Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey ( TÜBİTAK ) in Bilkent , Çankaya of Ankara , Turkey in 1996 .
Salem Sue was built in 1974 for $ 40,000 .
The double - barreled Robinsons - May name was created in 1993 when the former middle - to - low - brow May Company California was consolidated with their carriage - trade corporate sibling JW Robinson 's .
Ab und Zu ( established 1987 ) is a Norwegian jazz band , originally named Anne Marie Giørtz Quintet ( 1982 - -1987 ) , and presenting music written by Ole Henrik Giørtz .
The Teatro Lirico Sperimentale di Spoleto was founded in 1947 by Adriano Belli , lawyer and musicologist , with the aim of helping young singers to start a career in opera , above all students who had already completed their singing studies and were gifted with artistic qualities , but had not yet made their artistic debut .
WTCK began as a construction permit issued by the FCC to Broadcasting For The Challenged Inc. in April 2003 .
The Kris Sakti ( English : Magic Dagger ) is the aerobatic display team of the Royal Malaysian Air Force . It makes its debut on 2011 Langkawi International Maritime and Air Show in December 2011 .
Toolstation was formed in 2003 by Mark Goddard - Watts four years after the Goddard - Watts family had sold Screwfix in 1999 to the Kingfisher plc group .
Ahlcon Public School is a co - educational English Medium public school , established in 1988 by the Shanti Devi Progressive Education Society in New Delhi , India and is duly recognized by the Directorate of Education , Govt . of NCT , Delhi .
East to West was a Contemporary Christian music duo from Cleveland , Tennessee , formed in 1993 .
Fuji Rock Festival is named so because the first event in 1997 was held at the base of Mount Fuji .
The Gilder Lehrman Lincoln Prize , endowed by Richard Gilder and Lewis Lehrman and administered by Gettysburg College , has been awarded annually since 1991 for the best non - fiction historical work of the year on the American Civil War .
Established in 1903 by the Dutch Reformed Church , Marydale was named after the wife of Mr GP Snyman , owner of the farm on which the town was laid out .
Shin Daechul , the son of Shin Jung - hyeon , who is considered `` the Godfather of Korean rock music , '' formed Sinawe in 1986 and they released their first album that same year .
Liberty Central is a non - profit conservative political advocacy group founded in 2009 by Virginia Thomas , the wife of U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice , Clarence Thomas .
The company was founded in 1993 by film director Kang Woo - suk as `` Kang Woo - suk Productions '' , before taking the name Cinema Service in 1995 .
Saratov Governorate ( Russian : Саратовская губе́рния , Saratovskaya guberniya , Government of Saratov ) , was an administrative division ( a guberniya ) of the Russian Empire , which existed from 1797 to 1928 .
The party adopted the `` Miss Great Britain Party '' as its official name and formally registered with the Electoral Commission on 23 June 2008 , before standing in the Haltemprice and Howden by - election with Garrett one of 26 candidates .
The park was established as a provisional reserve in 2000 but the Minkébé National Park itself was officially recognized and established by the Gabonese government in August 2002 .
The Rainbow International School was established in September 1991 as a primary school with 29 children .
It was founded in 1863 as the stanitsa of Apsheronskaya ( Апшеронская ) .
Artcell is a Bangladeshi progressive rock band formed in October 1999 .
The Kreis Meseritz came into existence on 1 January 1818 after separation from Kreis Birnbaum .
James R. West has been professor of trumpet at the Louisiana State University School of Music in Baton Rouge , Louisiana since 1978 .
Russell Procope ( August 11 , 1908 -- January 21 , 1981 ) , an American clarinettist and alto saxophonist , was known best for his long tenure in the reed section of Duke Ellington 's orchestra , where he was one of its two signature clarinet soloists .
Ronald Brautigam ( born 1954 ) is a Dutch concert pianist , best known for his performances of Beethoven 's piano works on the fortepiano .
Daniel Bonade ( April 4 , 1896 -- October 30 , 1976 ) was a French classical clarinetist and professor of clarinet .
Nils Klöfver ( born 13 November 1982 in Stockholm ) is classical guitarist who plays the 11-string alto guitar as well as the standard 6-string instrument .
KXEW is a commercial radio station located in South Tucson , Arizona , broadcasting to the Tucson , Arizona , area on 1600 AM .
KBRD ( 680 AM ) is a non - commercial , listener supported radio station broadcasting a Nostalgia format licensed to Lacey , Washington , USA .
WXOK ( 1460 AM , `` Heaven 1460 '' ) is a Black Gospel formatted radio station licensed to Port Allen , Louisiana ( where the transmitter is located ) .
CHNL , branded as Radio NL , is a radio station in Kamloops , British Columbia .
WHOS ( 800 AM , `` The Big Talker '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Decatur , Alabama , USA .
WGCI - FM ( 107.5 FM ) is an Urban Contemporary radio station that has a city of license of Chicago , under ownership of iHeartMedia , Inc. ( formerly known as Clear Channel Communications until September 2014 ) .
WLOA ( 1470 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Farrell , in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
KDBX is a radio station whose transmitter is located in the nearby town of Clear Lake , South Dakota , but the studios are in Brookings .
WITA ( 1490 AM , `` Inspiration 1490 '' ) is a Christian radio station located in Knoxville , Tennessee .
WKQC ( 104.7 FM , `` K104.7 '' ) is a Beasley Broadcasting Group - owned adult contemporary radio station in Charlotte , North Carolina .
WNED - FM is an American radio station broadcasting in Buffalo , New York , at a frequency of 94.5 MHz . It offers a classical music format .
WTJH was an AM broadcasting station licensed to the city of East Point , Georgia , USA , broadcasting on the frequency of 1260 kHz with 5,000 Watts of power during daytime hours , and only 39 Watts of power during nighttime hours with a non - directional antenna pattern .
WLTY is a variety hits radio station licensed to Cayce , South Carolina and serves the Columbia , South Carolina market .
CFXN - FM is a Canadian radio station , that airs a classic hits format at 106.3 FM in North Bay , Ontario .
Owned by iHeartMedia and licensed to Dearborn , Michigan serving the Metro Detroit area , WNIC broadcasts an adult contemporary format .
KKXX - FM is licensed to Shafter , California , and serves the Bakersfield , California area .
KNCN is an FM station licensed to Sinton , Texas playing to the Corpus Christi metro area .
CFRO - FM , licensed and owned by Vancouver Co - operative Radio , is a non - commercial community radio station in Vancouver , British Columbia .
KXLY - FM ( `` The Big 99.9 Coyote Country '' ) is a country music outlet in Spokane , Washington that broadcasts at 99.9 MHz with an ERP of 37 kw .
WXXI - FM ( 91.5 ) is a public radio station in Rochester , New York .
WWFP is a non - commercial radio station based in Brigantine , New Jersey .
KUPS ( 90.1 FM ) is a non - commercial college radio station in Tacoma , Washington located at 90.1 MHz FM .
WVLK - FM ( 101.5 MHz ) is a radio station licensed to the community of Richmond , Kentucky .
WEUV ( 1190 AM ) is an urban contemporary gospel formatted radio station licensed to Moulton , Alabama , that serves Huntsville , Alabama , and northwest Alabama , United States .
KPSZ ( 940 AM , `` Praise 940 '' ) is a Christian radio station serving the Des Moines , Iowa , area .
Aullwood Audubon Center and Farm is a natural area and educational farm in Montgomery County in southwestern Ohio , United States , about 10 miles ( 16 km ) northwest of downtown Dayton .
The Antioch Missionary Baptist Church Cemetery is located at 500 North McKinney Road in Sherrill , Arkansas , behind the Antioch Missionary Baptist Church .
Dunajek Mały ( duˈnajɛk ˈmawɨ ) ( German : Klein Duneiken ; until 1938 : Klein Duneyken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Klecin ( ˈklɛt͡ɕin ) ( German : Klettendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Ratu Boko is located on a plateau , about three kilometres south of Lara Jonggrang Prambanan temple complex in Yogyakarta Indonesia .
Opened in 1852 , Mount Royal Cemetery is a 165-acre ( 67 ha ) terraced cemetery on the north slope of Mount Royal in the borough of Outremont , Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The 4th White Cloth Hall was a market for the sale of undyed cloth on King Street in Leeds city centre in England .
Canley Vale High School is a New South Wales Government co - educational high school located in south - west Sydney , in the suburb of Canley Vale , NSW , Australia .
The Davisville Naval Construction Battalion Center was a United States Navy Seabee base located in Davisville , Rhode Island .
Roppolo is a municipality in the Province of Biella in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) south of Biella .
Kotosh is an archaeological site near Huánuco ( Peru ) containing a temple of the Late Archaic period .
Rumney Marsh Reservation is a Massachusetts state park occupying over 600 acres ( 240 ha ) in the town of Saugus and city of Revere .
Wayford Bridge is a village on the River Ant on the A149 road , near Stalham in Norfolk , England within The Broads National Park .
Orune ( Sardinian : Orùne ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) north of Nuoro .
Kohneh - ye Jadid ( Persian : كهنه جديد‎ , also Romanized as Kohneh - ye Jadīd ) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District , Evaz District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Palmetto Health Baptist Columbia ( Formerly Baptist Medical Center ) is a 489-bed acute - care facility located at the intersection of Taylor and Marion Streets in Downtown Columbia , South Carolina .
Zażelazna ( zaʐɛˈlazna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Mardot Antique Shop was a historic commercial building in the Columbia - Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Talod is a city and a municipality in Sabarkantha district in the Indian state of Gujarat ,
St. Joseph 's Priory , Maria Roggendorf ( German : Stift Sankt Josef , Maria Roggendorf ) is a Benedictine priory located in the long - established pilgrimage centre of Maria Roggendorf in the district of Hollabrunn in Lower Austria .
Davies Creek National Park is in Far North Queensland , Australia , 1,392 km northwest of Brisbane , 20 km south west of Cairns .
Loudon Town Hall is a historic New England meetinghouse at the junction of Clough Hill Road and Youngs Hill Road in Loudon , New Hampshire .
The Sunshine Motorway is a thirty - three kilometre Australian motorway on the Sunshine Coast region of Queensland , just north of Brisbane .
Kani Gowhar ( Persian : كاني گوهر‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Gowhar and Kanī Gowhar ) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Barnum School is a historic elementary school located on Barnum Street in Taunton , Massachusetts .
Torrelodones is a municipality in the northwest of the Autonomous Community of Madrid , Spain .
Greenwich Academy is an independent , all - girls preparatory day school in Greenwich , Connecticut .
Wydrna ( ˈvɨdrna ) ( Ukrainian : Видерна , Vyderna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia , within Brzozów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Mount Index is a peak in the central part of the Cascade Range of Washington state .
The Polygonal Barn , New Oregon Township is an historical structure located near Cresco in rural Howard County , Iowa .
Kępa Wielka ( ˈkɛmpa ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sheskin ( Irish : An Seisceann ) , traditionally divided into Sheskinmor and Sheskinbeg , is a townland in the north of County Monaghan in the Republic of Ireland .
Grabiny - Zameczek ( ɡraˈbinɨ zaˈmɛt͡ʂɛk ) ( German : Herrengrebin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Carcajou Pass is a mountain pass on the Continental Divide and British Columbia - Alberta boundary at the north end of Mount Robson Provincial Park .
The Parker County Courthouse is an historic building located at Courthouse Square in Weatherford , Texas , the seat of Parker County .
Tverrådalskyrkja is a mountain on the border between the municipalities of Luster ( in Sogn og Fjordane county ) and Skjåk ( in Oppland county ) , Norway .
Huigsloot ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɦœy̆χ.sloʊ̯t ) ) is a hamlet in the Dutch municipality of Haarlemmermeer , in the province of North Holland .
Harangan ( Persian : هرنگان‎ , also Romanized as Harangān ) is a village in Byaban Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
WCNU ( 1010 AM ) was a radio station located in Crestview , Florida , USA .
Luzhniki Palace of Sports , formerly the Palace of Sports of the Central Lenin Stadium , is a sports arena in Moscow , Russia , a part of the Luzhniki Sports Complex .
Goreway Power Station is a natural gas power station owned by Goreway Station Partnership , in Brampton , Ontario .
Charoq ( Persian : چارق‎ , also Romanized as Chāroq and Chāreq ; also known as Chārūq ) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District , in the Central District of Asadabad County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Bur Oak Secondary School ( BOSS ) is a public secondary school in Markham , Ontario , Canada established in 2007 , and is part of the York Region District School Board .
Sharaflu ( Persian : شرفلو‎ , also Romanized as Sharaflū ; also known as Mazra``eh - ye Sharaflū and Qeshlāq Sharaflū ) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 505 , in 114 families .
Stara Kopernia ( ˈstara kɔˈpɛrɲa ) ( German : Küpper ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Zollernalbkreis is a district ( Landkreis ) in the middle of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Lyles Consolidated School is a historic school in Lyles Station , Indiana , United States .
WPDA ( 106.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting an album - oriented rock ( AOR ) format , simulcasting WPDH 101.5 FM Poughkeepsie , New York .
Gaston 's Airport ( FAA LID : 3M0 ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of the central business district of Lakeview , a city in Baxter County , Arkansas , United States .
The No . 2 Road Bridge is a low - level four - lane bridge in Richmond , British Columbia , Canada .
Nushabad ( Persian : نوش آباد‎ , also Romanized as Nūshābād ; also known as Noshābād ) is a city in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Ninth Street Seven Arch Stone Bridge was a historical bridge in Lockport , Illinois .
Defonte 's is a sandwich shop in the Red Hook , Brooklyn , New York City .
Jackson Narrows Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the west side of Mathieson Channel to the north of the community of Bella Bella .
Brestice ( Serbian Cyrillic : Брестице ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kreischberg is an Austrian ski resort in Styria , Austria .
The Clachan Bridge is a simple , single - arched , hump - backed , masonry bridge spanning the Clachan Sound , 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) southwest of Oban in Argyll , Scotland .
The Mikó Castle ( Romanian : Castelul Mikó ; Hungarian : Mikó - vár ) is a fortified castle in Miercurea Ciuc ( Csíkszereda ) , Romania .
The Stage Deli , located on Seventh Avenue just two blocks from Carnegie Hall , was a well - known New York City delicatessen , patronized by numerous celebrities .
Dainhat is a Town and a municipality under Katwa police station and Katwa subdivision , in Bardhaman district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Mount Okmok is the highest point on the rim of Okmok Caldera ( Unmagim Anatuu in Aleut ) on the northeastern part of Umnak Island in the eastern Aleutian Islands of Alaska .
Khorombeyk ( Persian : خرم بيك‎ ; also known as Khorombak ) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Steklinek ( stɛˈklinɛk ) ( German : Steckelhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Golidagh District ( Persian : بخش گلی‌داغ‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Nowe Sarnowo ( ˈnɔvɛ sarˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chah - e Shahid Qadusi ( Persian : چاه شهيدقدوسي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Shahīd Qadūsī ) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District , Marvast District , Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Heinsburg is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within the County of St. Paul No . 19 .
The Edgar Rock Lodge is a rustic house in Yakima County , Washington .
Ostrogski Palace , or Ostrogski Castle ( Polish : Pałac Ostrogskich , or Zamek Ostrogskich ) , is a mansion in the city center of Warsaw , on ulica Tamka .
Maeser Elementary was an elementary school in Provo , Utah .
The Boston Medical Library ( est . 1875 ) of Boston , Massachusetts , which evolved into the `` largest academic medical library in the world , '' was originally organized to alleviate the problem that had emerged due to the scattered distribution of medical texts throughout the city .
Ahruiyeh ( Persian : اهروئيه‎ , also Romanized as Ahrū’īyeh ) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District , Lalehzar District , Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
WBSA ( 1300 AM , `` Total Christian Radio '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Boaz , Alabama .
Gramado is a municipality and small tourist town , southeast of Caxias do Sul and east of Nova Petrópolis in the southern Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul , in the Serra Gaúcha region .
Parke Apartments , also known as Park Lane Condominium , is a historic apartment building located at Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Gore Bay - Manitoulin Airport , ( IATA : YZE , ICAO : CYZE ) , is located 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) west southwest of Gore Bay , in the township of Gordon / Barrie Island , Ontario , Canada .
Lincang ( simplified Chinese : 临沧 ; traditional Chinese : 臨滄 ; pinyin : Líncāng ) is a prefecture - level city located in the southwest of Yunnan province , People 's Republic of China .
The Zebulon B. Vance Birthplace , also known as the Vance Birthplace is a historic home in Buncombe County , North Carolina , and a historic site managed by the North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources ' Historic Sites division .
The Catawba River ( named after the Native American tribes that first settled on the banks ) originates in Western North Carolina and the name of the river changes to the Wateree River in South Carolina .
Nowe Karwosieki ( ˈnɔvɛ karvɔˈɕɛki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kamarajugadda is the name of an Indian village on the banks of the River Krishna in Andhra Pradesh in Guntur district .
Mezhathur is an Indian village in the state of Kerala situated at the border of Thrissur , Malappuram and Palakkad districts .
Laheva ( also Lakheva ) is a village in Ridala Parish , Lääne County , in western Estonia .
The Air Force Armament Museum , adjacent to Eglin Air Force Base , Florida , is the only facility in the U.S. dedicated to the display of Air Force armament .
Quhajin ( Persian : قوهجين‎ , also Romanized as Qūhajīn ; also known as Ghoohchin , Kūhak , Kuhnak , Kukhnak , Qowheyjīn , Qūhījīn , and Qūhjīn ) is a village in Darsajin Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Sorkheh Riz ( Persian : سرخه ريز‎ , also Romanized as Sorkheh Rīz ) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The John Hunt Morgan Memorial in Lexington , Kentucky , is a monument created as a tribute to Confederate General John Hunt Morgan , who was from Lexington and is buried in nearby Lexington Cemetery .
Gröningen Priory ( German : Kloster Gröningen ) was a Benedictine monastery , located west of Gröningen in present - day Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Health Education Building , also known as the McAfee Gym , is a historic building located on the campus of Eastern Illinois University in Charleston , Illinois .
Wenhua Road Subdistrict , Tangshan ( Chinese : 文化路街道 ) is a township - level division of Lubei District , Tangshan , Hebei , China .
Alta Floresta ( Portuguese for `` High Forest '' ) is a municipality in Mato Grosso , Brazil .
Øvre Sjodalsvatnet is a lake that is part of the river Sjoa in the municipality of Vågå in Oppland county , Norway .
The Swedish Cultural Center is a meeting spot for Scandinavians in Seattle , Washington .
The Devils Lake Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library located in Devils Lake , North Dakota .
Del Rio International Airport ( IATA : DRT , ICAO : KDRT , FAA LID : DRT ) is a public airport two miles northwest of Del Rio , in Val Verde County , Texas .
Turusk ( Persian : تروسك‎ , also Romanized as Tūrūsk ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tanica Dolna ( taˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The San Gorgonio Pass Wind Farm is a wind farm located on the eastern slope of the San Gorgonio Pass in Riverside County , just east of White Water , California , United States .
Natalinci ( Serbian : Наталинци ) is a village in the municipality of Topola , Serbia .
Kheyrabad - e Naser ( Persian : خيرابادناصر‎ , also Romanized as Kheyrābād - e Naāṣer ; also known as Khairābād and Kheyrābād ) is a village in Lishtar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Soheyli ( Persian : سهيلي‎ , also Romanized as Soheylī and Suhaili ) is a village in Angali Rural District , in the Central District of Bushehr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Barzia ( Bulgarian : Бързия , also transliterated as Burzia , Barziya , Burziya or Bŭrziya ) is a village ( село ) in northwestern Bulgaria , located in the Berkovitsa Municipality ( община Берковица ) of the Montana Province ( Област Монтана ) .
Cuncunul Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` enchanted by others or vanity '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 315.52 km2 ) of land and located roughly 145 km east of the city of Mérida .
Punta Gorda Middle School ( PGMS ) is a middle school in Punta Gorda , Florida operated by the Charlotte County Public Schools board .
Kwasielina ( kfaɕeˈlina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Pecos Wilderness includes the southernmost extension of the Rocky Mountains in the sub - range of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of north central New Mexico .
Russów ( ˈrussuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bayham ( 2011 Population : 6,989 ) is a municipality in the southeast corner of Elgin County , Ontario , Canada .
Buddusò ( Gallurese : Buddusò , Sardinian : Uddusò ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Olbia - Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) southwest of Olbia .
Laskowicki Tartak ( laskɔˈvit͡ski ˈtartak ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Word Bookstore , or simply The Word is an independent bookstore in Montreal , Quebec , specializing in used philosophy and English poetry books located in the McGill Ghetto downtown .
The Montgomery Bell Tunnel , also known as the ' Patterson Forge Tunnel , in Cheatham County , Tennessee , is a 290-foot ( 88 m ) long tunnel through limestone rock which was the first `` full - scale '' water diversion tunnel built in the United States .
Pinnangudi is a tiny village in Illuppur taluk of Pudukkottai district of Tamil Nadu in India .
The Bromley Farm - Koizuma Hishinuma Farm is a historic farmstead in the vicinity of Brighton , Colorado , United States .
The Province of Nuoro ( Italian : Provincia di Nuoro ; Sardinian : Provìntzia de Nùgoro ) is a province in the autonomous island region of Sardinia , Italy .
Gandomineh ( Persian : گندمينه‎ , also Romanized as Gandomīneh and Gandmīneh ) is a village in Borborud - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Spicertown is a neighborhood within Akron , Ohio located in the area around Spicer and East Exchange Streets .
The Paul Mellon Arts Center is an arts building on the campus of Choate Rosemary Hall school , Wallingford , Connecticut .
KRUU - LP ( 100.1 FM ) is a 100-watt non - commercial low - power community radio station operating in Fairfield , Iowa .
Fleggburgh is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , sometimes also known as Burgh St Margaret .
The Newark Metropolitan Airport Buildings are at Newark Liberty International Airport in Newark , New Jersey , .
Hara Arena is a 5,500-seat multi - purpose arena located in the Dayton , Ohio suburb of Trotwood .
Torrão ( European Portuguese : ( tuˈʁɐ̃w ) ) is a civil parish and town , in the municipality of Alcácer do Sal , in the Portuguese district of Setúbal , bordering on the districts of Évora and the Beja .
Vučine ( Serbian : Вучине ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Kirkpatrick House , also known as the Bradley House , is a historic house located on U.S. Route 331 west of Highland Home , Alabama .
Kulamara is a revenue village located in Simdega district of the Indian state of Jharkhand .
The Roxbury School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade in Roxbury Township , in Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
Soleyman Kola ( Persian : سليمان كلا‎ , also Romanized as Soleymān Kolā ) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sulabad ( Persian : سول اباد‎ , also Romanized as Sūlābād ) is a village in Zardalan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Oxenhope is a village and civil parish with a population of 2,476 near Keighley in the metropolitan borough of Bradford , West Yorkshire , England .
Hochdorf District was one of the five Ämtern , or districts , of the German - speaking Canton of Lucerne , Switzerland .
Fire Barn 5 or Fire Station 5 is a historic building in Elgin , Illinois .
Dehdulan ( Persian : دهدولان‎ , also Romanized as Dehdūlān ; also known as Dehdolān ) is a village in Sharabian Rural District , Mehraban District , Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nowielice ( nɔvjɛˈlit͡sɛ ) ( German : Neuhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Szamarzewo ( ʂamaˈʐɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Joharapuram is village located in Aspari mandal in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Little Black Sturgeon River is a river in the Nelson River drainage basin in Kenora District , northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Arledge Field ( FAA LID : F56 ) is a public general aviation airport located approximately 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) east of Stamford , Texas .
Zavat - e Sharq ( Persian : زوات شرق‎ , also Romanized as Z̄avāt - e Sharq ; also known as Zavāt and Zuvād ) is a village in Kelarestaq - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Inner Harbor Navigation Canal ( IHNC ) Seabrook Floodgate Structure is a flood barrier in the Industrial Canal in New Orleans , Louisiana .
WWOW ( 1360 AM ) is an Oldies formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Conneaut , Ohio , serving Northwest Pennsylvania and Northeast Ohio .
The scientific periodical Parnassus Boicus began publication in Munich in 1722 .
68 High Street , formerly the Children 's Hospital , is an historic colonial revival building in Portland , Maine .
Kenmare Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 7K5 ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Kenmare , a city in Ward County , North Dakota , United States .
The Al - Rahman mosque ( Arabic : `` The Most Merciful '' ) in Baghdad , was intended to be one of the largest mosques in Iraq .
Dursun Khvajeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دورسونخواجه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Hoseynabad - e Sar Tavileh ( Persian : حسين ابادسرطويله‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Sar Ţavīleh and Ḩoseynābād Sar Ţavīleh ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Rudbal Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Wilsill is a village in Nidderdale in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire , England .
KLBJ - FM ( 93.7 FM ) is an album - oriented rock ( AOR ) music radio station serving the Austin , Texas area , broadcasting at 93.7 MHz from its broadcast tower on Austin 's Mount Larson .
Swornegacie ( sfɔrnɛˈɡat͡ɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Sandra Day O'Connor United States Courthouse is a courthouse at 401 West Washington Street in Phoenix , Arizona .
Lambach Abbey ( German : Stift Lambach ) is a Benedictine monastery in Lambach in the Wels - Land district of Upper Austria , Austria .
The Middletown Nature Gardens is located off Randolph Road in Middletown , Connecticut .
Bid Abid ( Persian : بيدابيد‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Ābīd ; also known as Chāh Tolombeh - ye ' ' ājj Khorram ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Musser Scout Reservation is a Boy Scout camp located along the Unami Creek on over 1,400 acres ( 6 km2 ) of Marlborough Township , Pennsylvania .
Nalband Garji ( Persian : نعل بندگرجي‎ , also Romanized as Na``lband Garjī ; also known as Na``lband ) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 22 , in 4 families .
The Little Grand Canyon is a box canyon located in Shawnee National Forest in Jackson County , Illinois south of Murphysboro .
The Darrah House and Water Tank House near Shoshone , Idaho , United States , were built in 1916 by Bill Darrah .
Brympton is a civil parish and electoral ward in Somerset , England .
The University Neuropsychiatric Institute ( UNI ) , located in University of Utah Research Park in Salt Lake City , is a 120 bed mental health and substance abuse treatment institute for psychiatric treatment .
The Union Electric Telephone & Telegraph building is located in a small - scale commercial area just north of downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Saint - Germain - lès - Arpajon is a commune in the Essonne department .
Omaha Country Club is a private country club in Omaha , Nebraska , located in the northern area of the city .
Pireh Bar ( Persian : پيره بر‎‎ , also Romanized as Pīreh Bar ; also known as Pīrbar ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Tramonti di Sopra ( Friulian : Tramonç Disore , local variant Vildisora)is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northeast of Pordenone .
Hexhamshire was a county of Northern England .
Kotagede ( also Kota Gede , Javanese for `` Big City '' ) is a historic neighborhood in Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
Vaibhavwadi taluka is a taluka in Kankavli subdivision of Sindhudurg district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
North Stafford High School is one of the five high schools in the Stafford County , Virginia public school system .
Ellenville High School is a co - ed high school in Ellenville , New York .
Lebanon College was a two - year private not - for - profit college located in Lebanon , New Hampshire .
Ross Creek Bridge is a former railway bridge , now used as a pedestrian walkway in Ross Bridge park , Hoover , Alabama , USA .
North Barrackpur is a city and a municipality under Barrackpore/ Noapara police stations of Barrackpore subdivision in North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Sand - e Hamzeh ( Persian : سندحمزه‎ , also Romanized as Sand - e Ḩamzeh and Sand Ḩamzeh ; also known as Sand ) is a village in Sand - e Mir Suiyan Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Cat Canyon Oil Field is a large oil field in the Solomon Hills of central Santa Barbara County , California , about 10 miles southeast of Santa Maria .
Parkside Whispering Pines , once known as Tall Maples Miniature Golf Course , is a miniature golf course and national historic district located at the hamlet of Sea Breeze in the town of Irondequoit in Monroe County , New York .
3RPH ( 1179 AM ) is a radio station in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Tsinstikeptum 10 , usually referred to as Tsinstikeptum Indian Reserve No . 10 , is one of two Indian Reserves of the Westbank First Nation located in West Kelowna , British Columbia , Canada .
Ostrożne ( ɔsˈtrɔʐnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Galupadeh ( Persian : گلوپده‎ , also Romanized as Galūpadeh and Gelūpadeh ; also known as Kelūpadeh and Kelūpareh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Saint Matthew 's Episcopal Day School is a private co - educational day school located in San Mateo , California .
The Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting occurred on December 14 , 2012 , in Newtown , Connecticut , when 20-year - old Adam Lanza fatally shot 20 children aged between 6 and 7 years old , as well as six adult staff members .
Wola Pacyńska ( ˈvɔla paˈt͡sɨɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacyna , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Renton History Museum is a repository for objects and archives significant to the city of Renton in the state of Washington , USA .
Qarah Cheh Robat ( Persian : قره چه رباط‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Cheh Robāţ ; also known as Qarajeh Robāţ and Qareh Jarābād ) is a village in Darband Rural District , Jolgeh Sankhvast District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Biograph Theater , at 2433 North Lincoln Avenue , near Lincoln Park in Chicago , Illinois , was originally a movie theater but now presents live productions .
Gomia ( also spelled as Gumia ) is a census town in Gomia block in Bermo subdivision of Bokaro district in the Indian state of Jharkhand .
Stackpole Estate is located between the villages of Stackpole and Bosherston near Pembroke , Pembrokeshire .
Corrimal High School is a comprehensive high school located in East Corrimal in Wollongong , New South Wales .
Montclair State University is a public research university located in the Upper Montclair section of Montclair , the Great Notch area of Little Falls , and the Montclair Heights section of Clifton , in the U.S. state of New Jersey .
Diablo Lake is a reservoir in the North Cascade mountains of northern Washington state , United States .
American Revolution Statuary is a group of fourteen statues in Washington , D.C. , listed with the National Register of Historic Places .
Mahmudabad - e Gudlar ( Persian : محمودابادگودلر‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād - e Gūdlar ; also known as Gudali , Maḩmūdābād , and Makhmudabad ) is a village in Mavazekhan - e Sharqi Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Golparak ( Persian : گل پرك‎ ) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Faliro Sports Pavilion Arena which is part of the Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Complex is an indoor arena in Palaio Faliro , near Athens , Greece .
Deli Rich - e Sofla ( Persian : دلي ريچ سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Delī Rīch - e Soflá ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Hajj Hasan ( Persian : كلاته حاج حسن‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Ḩājj Ḩasan ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Ḩājḩasan ) is a village in Ghazali Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rhipinllwyd ( or Rhippinllwyd ) is a hamlet in the community of Beulah , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 69.3 miles ( 111.5 km ) from Cardiff and 190.7 miles ( 307 km ) from London .
Bedlenko ( bɛˈdlɛŋkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Reflection Riding Arboretum and Nature Center ( 317 acres ) is a nonprofit arboretum , botanical garden , nature center and historical site located at 400 Garden Road , Chattanooga , Tennessee .
Hickory Ridge High School is a comprehensive public high school in Harrisburg , North Carolina .
Kutno County ( Polish : powiat kutnowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Łódź Voivodeship , central Poland .
The Derby Waterfront District in Salem , Massachusetts encompasses a historically significant portion of the waterfront area of the city .
Topola Wielka ( tɔˈpɔla ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Scotstown ( Irish : Baile an Scotaigh / An Bhoth ) is a village in the townland of Bough in north County Monaghan , Ireland .
Varshets Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Вършец ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Montana Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located on the northern slopes of the western Stara planina mountain to the area of the so - called Fore - Balkan .
The Tarbell Building is a historic commercial building located in the Village of Marathon in Cortland County , New York .
Chehreqan ( Persian : چهرقان‎ , also Romanized as Chehreqān and Chehraqān ; also known as Charāghān and Cherāghān ) is a village in Khosrow Beyk Rural District , Milajerd District , Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Cossogno ( Lombard : Cussögn ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Verbano - Cusio - Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Verbania .
Northgate Centre is a shopping mall located in the northern part of Edmonton , Alberta .
The Llano County Courthouse and Jail were erected separately , but added to the National Register of Historic Places in Texas on December 2 , 1977 as one entry .
Mi Kola ( Persian : ميكلا‎ , also Romanized as Mī Kolā ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Godrano ( Sicilian : Cutranu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) south of Palermo .
Bipra Noapara is a census town under Domjur police station in Sadar subdivision of Howrah district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Basheerbagh ( Telugu : బషీర్బాగ్ ) is a city center of importance in Hyderabad .
WUSN ( 99.5 FM ) is a radio station in Chicago , Illinois which plays mainly current new country , with some select 1990 's tracks .
The Nicholas Carriger Estate ( 16-acre ) is a collection of buildings located in Sonoma , California , United States .
Lipa - Krępa ( ˈlipa ˈkrɛmpa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge in southeastern Virginia is located in the independent city of Virginia Beach .
The Red River Gorge is a canyon system on the Red River in east - central Kentucky .
Watertown Unified School District is a school district in Watertown , Wisconsin , about halfway between Madison and Milwaukee .
Gwinnett College is a for - profit educational institution located in Lilburn , Georgia , a suburb of the Atlanta , Georgia metropolitan area .
Thirty Island Lake is a lake of southern Ontario , Canada , located northwest of Frontenac Provincial Park in Frontenac County .
The Ole Crogen Farm District is a historic place located in Bottineau County , North Dakota .
The Wainwright Tomb is a mausoleum located in Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis , Missouri .
Old Providence Stone Church is a historic church in Spottswood , Virginia in Augusta County , Virginia .
Klempicz ( ˈklɛmpit͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Twardy Dół ( ˈtfardɨ ˈduu̯ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bald Knob Cross , officially known as the Bald Knob Cross of Peace , is a large white cross located in Alto Pass , Illinois , United States .
New Plymouth High School is the high school of New Plymouth , Idaho .
Eastern Star Baptist Church was a historic Baptist church located at Church and Wagner Streets in Tarboro , Edgecombe County , North Carolina .
Greystead is a village in Northumberland , England west of Bellingham .
Devrukh is a town in the tehsil of Sangameshwar in the Ratnagiri district of the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Strachoń ( ˈstraxɔɲ ) ( German : Strachen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Flavian Palace , also known as Domus Flavia , is a part of the vast residential complex of the Roman Emperors on the Palatine Hill in Rome .
Kuppanatham Dam is a partially completed dam situated in Tiruvannamalai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Cartwright Elementary School District is a school district in Phoenix , Arizona , United States which operates several elementary and middle schools .
Piekut ( ˈpjɛkut ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bennington No . 4 , also known as the Bennington School , is a one - room schoolhouse near Waterloo , Iowa .
W.H. Ruffner Academy is a middle school governed by Norfolk Public Schools .
Skorocice ( skɔrɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Little River Canyon Rim Parkway , also known as Alabama State Route 176 , Dekalb County Road 148 and Cherokee County Road 275 , forms a 22-mile ( 35 km ) scenic drive following the 16-mile - long ( 26 km ) Little River Canyon National Preserve in northeastern Alabama .
Parkaleh ( Persian : پركله‎ , also Romanized as Parkeleh ; also known as Fār Qal``eh , Parkal , and Parkalehhā ) is a village in Astaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 293 , in 72 families .
Choate Bridge ( 1764 ) is a historic stone arch bridge carrying Route 1A / Route 133 ( South Main Street ) over the Ipswich River in Ipswich , Massachusetts .
Oxen Park is a hamlet in the English county of Cumbria .
Gathright Dam is an earthen and rolled rock - fill embankment dam on the Jackson River 19 miles ( 31 km ) north of Covington , Virginia .
Flint East is an automobile component production complex owned by Delphi Corporation in Flint , Michigan .
Sirom - e Sofla ( Persian : سيرم سفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Sīrom - e Soflá ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Rydzyny ( rɨˈd͡zɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kakhk Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كاخك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rąkcice ( rɔŋkˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hermuk ( Persian : هرموك‎ , also Romanized as Hermūk ) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Canadian Forces Base Trenton ( IATA : YTR , ICAO : CYTR ) ( also CFB Trenton ) is a Canadian Forces base located within the city of Quinte West , Ontario .
Mesa Community College ( MCC ) in Mesa , Arizona , is the largest of the 10 community colleges in the Maricopa County Community College District , which is the largest community college district in the United States in terms of enrollment .
The Bethesda Meeting House ( BMH ) is a historic Presbyterian church complex located at Bethesda , Montgomery County , Maryland , USA .
Hoseynabad - e Kachali ( Persian : حسين ابادكچلي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Kachalī and Ḩoseynābād Kachalī ; also known as Chāchaliyeh , Chāchīlīyeh , Ḩasanābād , Ḩasanābād Kachalī , and Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Qahab - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Łumpia ( ˈwumpja ) ( German Lomp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Taghandik ( Persian : تغنديك‎ , also Romanized as Taghāndik and Taqāndik ; also known as Taghandak ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cambrose is a hamlet east of Portreath in west Cornwall , England , UK .
Cawsand ( Cornish : Porthbugh ) and Kingsand are twin villages in southeast Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Claremore Regional Airport ( ICAO : KGCM , FAA LID : GCM ) is a city owned , public use airport located seven nautical miles ( 8 mi , 13 km ) east of the central business district of Claremore , a city in Rogers County , Oklahoma , United States .
Dołha ( ˈdɔu̯xa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Falahat ( Persian : مزرعه فلاحت‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Falāḥat ) is a village in Kenarshahr Rural District , in the Central District of Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Woodcrest Christian High School is a private , Christian high school located just outside the city limits of Riverside , California , United States , in the census - designated place of Woodcrest .
Żywy ( ˈʐɨvɨ ) ( German : Siewen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Brunnion is a hamlet between Trencrom and Nancledra in west Cornwall , England , UK .
Porthgwidden ( Cornish : Porth Gwydn , meaning white cove ) is a small hamlet in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Munich Public School District is a public school district in Cavalier County , North Dakota in the United States , based in Munich , North Dakota .
The Rosa Khutor Extreme Park ( Russian : Роза Хутор ) under license from The Extreme Sports Company and part of the Extreme Hotel , Sochi development , is a skiing venue located west of the Rosa Khutor plateau in Krasnaya Polyana , Russia .
Kızılcahamam is a town and district of Ankara Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey , 70 km north of the city of Ankara , near the motorway to Istanbul .
Komi - Permyak Autonomous Okrug ( Russian : Коми-Пермяцкий автономный округ ) was an autonomous okrug in Perm Oblast , Russia .
The Phillip Walker House ( also known as the Philip Walker House or Deacon Walker House ) is an historic American Colonial house on 432 Massasoit Avenue in East Providence , Rhode Island .
Al Muharraq Stadium is a multi - use stadium situated in Arad , Bahrain .
Rocky Point High School is a public school of the Rocky Point Union Free School District along the north shore of Long Island , located in Rocky Point , New York .
The Quiver Tree Forest ( Kokerboom Woud in Afrikaans ) is a forest and tourist attraction of southern Namibia .
The Shania Twain Centre was a city - owned tourist attraction that operated in Timmins , Ontario from 2001 to 2013 .
One America Plaza is the tallest building in San Diego , California and a prominent fixture in the waterfront district of the downtown San Diego skyline .
Langdell Hall is the largest building on the campus of Harvard Law School in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The Mainstreet Theater , also commonly referred to as The Empire Theater , is a historic theater located at 1400 Main Street in downtown Kansas City , Missouri .
Mid - Peninsula High School ( Mid - Pen ) is an independent non - profit and non - sectarian coeducational college preparatory high school located in Menlo Park , California .
Cortana Mall ( formerly The Mall at Cortana ) is a mid - tier shopping mall in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , and is at the intersection of Airline Hwy . and Florida Blvd . Opening in 1976 , it was one of the top 10 largest malls in the world .
Vavali Gardan ( Persian : وولي گردن‎ , also Romanized as Vavalī Gardan ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Swan 's Landing Archeological Site is an archaeological site from the Early Archaic period in Harrison County , Indiana , United States .
KRXF ( 92.9 FM ) is a commercial modern rock music radio station in Bend , Oregon , broadcasting to the Bend , Oregon , area .
Podgorets is a village in Ruen Municipality , in Burgas Province , in southeastern Bulgaria .
The Clarence Sports Centre is a multi - sport facility within the suburb of Montagu Bay in the City of Clarence , Tasmania , Australia .
Bračna Vas ( pronounced ( ˈbɾaːtʃna ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Bračna vas , German : Bratschendorf ) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Sotla River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Esfang ( Persian : اسفنگ‎ , also Romanized as Esfanag ; also known as Espeng ) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Cheram ( Persian : چرم‎ ) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Old St. Luke 's Hospital is a historic U.S. hospital in Jacksonville , Florida .
Eyvani ( Persian : ايواني‎ , also Romanized as Eyvānī ; also known as Ḩabvānī , Haiwāni , and Ḩeyvānī ) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Martilla - Pettingel and Gorder General Merchandise Store is a historic store located at 515 - 516 Main St. in Frederick , South Dakota .
Cham - e Siah ( Persian : چم سياه‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Sīāh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Governor Greene Cemetery , frequently called the Governor Greene Lot , is designated as Rhode Island Historical Cemetery , Warwick , # 40 , and is a late colonial cemetery located in Warwick , Rhode Island near the East Greenwich town line .
The Dragão Caixa is an indoor arena located in Porto , Portugal , which houses the basketball , handball and roller hockey teams of FC Porto .
Katras is a semi - urban area / kasbaa notified area in Dhanbad district in the Indian state of Jharkhand .
The Odeonsplatz is a large square in central Munich which was developed in the early 19th century by Leo von Klenze and is at the southern end of the Ludwigstraße , developed at the same time .
Rashidali ( Persian : رشيدعلي‎ , also Romanized as Rashīd``alī ) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 131 , in 31 families .
Officially named F.W. Gross High School on January 2 , 1936 , the Victoria Colored School , in Victoria County , Texas , United States , was built in 1901 under authorization of the newly elected school board .
Philip G. Cochran Memorial United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building located in Dawson , Fayette County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The San Diego County Fair ( formerly called the Del Mar Fair ) is a county fair held every summer at the Del Mar Fairgrounds in Del Mar , California .
The Sunshine Coast Regional District of British Columbia is located on the southern mainland coast , across Georgia Strait from Vancouver Island .
The Ferndale Public Library was built in 1909 as Carnegie Grant Library on donated land and supported by the city of Ferndale , California , until becoming part of the Humboldt County Library system in 1915 .
Arlington Southwest is an unoccupied cemetery located in Brewster County , Texas , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) east of Alpine along U.S. Highway 90 .
Wildcat Canyon Regional Park is a 2,429-acre ( 983 ha ) East Bay Regional Parks District park located within the city limits of Richmond in Contra Costa County in the San Francisco Bay Area of California .
Raymond Gary State Park is an Oklahoma state park located in southeast Oklahoma .
Seyyed Yaddam ( Persian : سيديديم‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Yaddām ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Reduty ( rɛˈdutɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Grandfather Falls is the highest waterfall on the Wisconsin River .
Glacier Pass ( 81 ° 56′07``N 71 ° 38′39''W ) is a mountain pass on northern Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Asthal or Asthall is a village and civil parish on the River Windrush in Oxfordshire , about 6 miles ( 10 km ) west of Witney .
Palacios Municipal Airport ( IATA : PSX , ICAO : KPSX , FAA LID : PSX ) is a city owned , public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northwest of the central business district of Palacios , a city in Matagorda County , Texas , United States .
WRJD is a radio station based in Durham , North Carolina that broadcasts on 1410 AM which currently broadcasts a Spanish Christian format .
The Château de Puybardeau is a château or country house in Lignerolles , a small town and commune in the Indre département of France .
Bonkuy - e Ashayir Shaban Kareh ( Persian : بنكوي عشايرشبانكاره‎ , also Romanized as Bonkūy - e `` Ashāyīr Shabān Kāreh ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 308 , in 75 families .
The Clutts House is a historic residence in the city of Wellston in Jackson County , Ohio , United States .
Owbqun ( Persian : اوبقون‎ , also Romanized as Owbqūn ) is a village in Dasht - e Lali Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Cherry Creek Bridge is a concrete arch bridge spanning Cherry Creek near Franktown , Colorado .
Grove Hill Mansion is an historic mansion at Florence Road and Front Street in Northampton , Massachusetts .
Congregation Kol Shofar is a Conservative synagogue founded in 1962 and located in Tiburon , California .
Upamaka is a village in Nakkapalle mandal of Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh in India , where an ancient temple of Lord Venkateswara Swamy is present .
Vicoli is a comune and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy 41 kilometres ( 25 mi ) from the provincial capital of Pescara .
Hawkshead is a village and civil parish in Cumbria , England , which attracts tourists to the South Lakeland area .
Buzanjan - e Olya ( Persian : بوزنجان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Būzanjān - e `` Olyā ; also known as Būzanjān ) is a village in Beyza Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 105 , in 29 families .
Tour Bretagne ( Brittany Tower in English ) opened on November 18 , 1976 at 5 pm , is a 37 stories skyscraper situated in downtown Nantes between a main thoroughfare , Cours des 50 Otages , and Place Bretagne ( Brittany square ) .
Area codes 778 and 236 are overlay area codes for the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Armamar ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐɾmɐˈmaɾ ) ) is a municipality in Viseu District in Portugal .
The Claire Trevor School of the Arts ( CTSA , Claire Trevor ) is an academic unit at the University of California , Irvine focused on the performing and visual arts .
Nowy Dwór - Leśniczówka ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lardeh Shur ( Persian : لرده شور‎ , also Romanized as Lardeh Shūr and Lardehshūr ) is a village in Oryad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Hadi Kiashar ( Persian : هادي كياشر‎ , also Romanized as Hādī Kīāshar ; also known as Hadi Kiasar , Hādī Kīyā Shahr , and Haji Shir Kia ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tolombeh - ye Mehdiabad - e Samanjerd ( Persian : تلمبه مهدي ابادسامانجرد‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Mehdīābād - e Sāmānjerd ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Baba Vali ( Persian : باباولي‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Valī and Bābāwāli ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences ( ANAS ) ( Azeri : Azərbaycan Milli Elmlər Akademiyası ( AMEA ) ) , located in Baku , is the main state research organization and the primary body that conducts research and coordinates activities in the fields of science and social sciences in Azerbaijan .
Hayes School is a mixed secondary school with academy status located in the village of Hayes within the London Borough of Bromley .
Rainbow District School Board ( known as English - language Public District School Board No . 3 prior to 1999 ) covers a geographic area of more than 14,757 square kilometers in the heart of Rainbow Country and is the largest public school board in Northern Ontario .
Bikam is a small estate town in Hilir Perak , Perak , Malaysia .
The General Electric Switchgear Plant is a historic factory building located at 421 North 7th Street at Willow Street in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Dzięgielewo ( d͡ʑɛnɡʲɛˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Baba Karam ( Persian : باباكرم‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Karam ) is a village in Babarashani Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kar Nowkar ( Persian : كرنوكر‎‎ ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gäufelden is a municipality in the administrative district of Böblingen , in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
The Philadelphia Inquirer is a morning daily newspaper that serves the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , metropolitan area of the United States .
Operation Teapot was a series of fourteen nuclear test explosions conducted at the Nevada Test Site in the first half of 1955 .
Conservation Garden Park is located on the grounds of Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District at 8215 South 1300 West , West Jordan , Utah .
Holyrood Abbey Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Belvedur ( pronounced ( bɛlʋɛˈduːɾ ) ; Italian : Belvedere ) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Riverland Terrace , developed starting in the 1920s , is James Island , South Carolina 's oldest neighborhood .
Zawady Stare ( zaˈvadɨ ˈstarɛ ) ( `` Old Zawady '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ancora Psychiatric Hospital is a 532 active bed ( 709 capacity ) hospital located in the Ancora section of Winslow Township , New Jersey .
Dohnsen is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in northern Celle district on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany .
Daman Jan ( Persian : دامنجان‎ , also Romanized as Dāman Jān ) is a village in Abarghan Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nauset Light , officially Nauset Beach Light , is a lighthouse in Eastham , Massachusetts .
Haeju is a city located in South Hwanghae Province near Haeju Bay in North Korea .
Milford Haven ( /ˈmɪlfəd ˈheɪvən/ ; Welsh : Aberdaugleddau , meaning `` mouth of the two Rivers Cleddau '' ) is a town and community in Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Batlaq ( Persian : باطلاق‎ , also Romanized as Bāţlāq ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Máfil ( Mapudungun for embraced between rivers ) is a town and commune of the Valdivia Province , Los Ríos Region in southern Chile , about 30 km northeast of Valdivia .
Tregaswith ( grid reference SW894626 ) is a hamlet in the parish of St Columb Major , Cornwall .
Siam Square is in Pathum Wan district and is bordered by Henri Dunant , Rama I and Phaya Thai roads .
Naseran ( Persian : ناصران‎ , also Romanized as Nāşerān ) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
On 1 January 1966 Setskog merged with Nordre Høland , Søndre Høland and Aurskog to form the new municipality Aurskog - Høland .
Iltur is a remote Pitjantjatjara homeland in the Great Victoria Desert of South Australia .
The Liberty Tunnels ( also known as the Liberty Tubes ) are a pair of tunnels located in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania that allow motorists to travel between the South Hills of Pittsburgh and the city , through Mt.
Southern State Correctional Facility ( SSCF ) is a prison for men located in Delmont , Maurice River Township , New Jersey .
Tidewater Academy is a private school in Wakefield , Virginia which was founded in 1964 as a segregation academy .
Belgrave ( Puffing Billy ) railway station is situated in Belgrave , a suburb of Melbourne in the Australian state of Victoria .
The Bellevue Bridge ( known as the Bellevue Toll Bridge and officially called the Grand Army of the Republic Bridge ) is a continuous truss bridge over the Missouri River connecting Mills County , Iowa and Sarpy County , Nebraska at Bellevue , Nebraska .
The Zanzibar Tavern in Toronto , Ontario is an adult entertainment nightclub and local landmark found on Toronto 's Yonge Street strip .
Xeresa ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ʃeˈɾeza ) , Spanish : Jeresa ) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Wayzata High School is located in Plymouth , Minnesota , a suburb of Minneapolis - St . Paul .
Bruki Kokocka ( ˈbruki kɔˈkɔt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Unisław , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Sijavand ( Persian : سيجاوند‎ , also Romanized as Sījāvand ; also known as Sejāvand and Sajāwand ) is a village in Bala Khvaf Rural District , Salami District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Florham Park School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Florham Park , in Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
Mountain Farms Mall is a one - story shopping mall in Hadley , Massachusetts , United States , with approximately 12 stores .
Cheshmeh Malek ( Persian : چشمه ملك‎ ; also known as Darreh Dīvīn , Dewīn , Dīrchīn , Dīvīn , and Dīvjīn ) is a village in Abaru Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
A rapidly expanding centre of sub - tropical and allied horticulture , Kerikeri is in the Far North District of the North Island and lies at the western extremity of the Kerikeri Inlet , a northwestern arm of the Bay of Islands , where fresh water of the Kerikeri River enters the salty Pacific Ocean .
Ichi Daraq ( Persian : ايچي درق‎ , also Romanized as Īchī Daraq ) is a village in Keyvan Rural District , in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wocławy ( vɔt͡sˈwavɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mirza Bahram Beygi ( Persian : ميرزابهرام بيگي‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzā Bahrām Beygī ) is a village in Pataveh Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Mirgah Naqshineh ( Persian : ميرگه نقشينه‎ , also Romanized as Mīrgah Naqshīneh ) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Jacobus Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church on Mays Landing Road and Route 54 in Folsom , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Seh Chub ( Persian : سه چوب‎ , also Romanized as Seh Chūb ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Avenue des Ternes is an avenue in the 17th arrondissement of Paris , between Place des Ternes and boulevard Gouvion - Saint - Cyr .
Avalon School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Avalon , New Jersey , United States .
Hill of Beath ( listen ; Hill o Beath in Scots ) is a hill and a village in Fife , Scotland just outside Dunfermline and joined to Cowdenbeath .
Sehriq ( Persian : سهريق‎ , also Romanized as Seḩrīq ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jovonak ( Persian : جونك‎ , also Romanized as Javanak and Javūnak ) is a village in Dasht - e Rum Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Historic Track is a half - mile ( 900 m ) harness racing track in Goshen , New York .
The Black Rock Desert volcanic field in Millard County , Utah , is a cluster of several volcanic features of the Great Basin such as Pavant Butte and Tabernacle Hill .
Hot Springs Airport ( FAA LID : S09 ) is a county - owned public - use airport in Sanders County , Montana , United States .
Mała Wola ( ˈmawa ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Fort Dayton was an American Revolutionary War fort located on the North side of the Mohawk River at West Canada Creek , in what is now Herkimer , New York .
The Sanford Center is a 4,700-seat multi - purpose arena and convention center in Bemidji , Minnesota , United States that opened in October 2010 .
Heronsgate ( or formerly Herringsgate ) is a settlement on the outskirts of Chorleywood , Hertfordshire founded by Feargus O'Connor and the Chartist Cooperative Land Company ( later the National Land Company ) as O'Connorsville or O'Connorville in 1846 .
Chalon Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Vincent de Chalon - sur - Saône ) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral located in Chalon - sur - Saône .
Cham Faraj ( Persian : چم فرج‎ ; also known as Cham Faraj - e Yek ) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Hamma Hamma River is a river on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington .
Mary Green Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington , on the east slopes of Bonanza Peak , the tallest non - volcanic peak in the Cascade Range .
Kotlar ( Persian : كتلر‎ ) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Felanitx is a municipality in the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands , located in the southeast of Majorca , 48 kilometres ( 30 miles ) from the capital Palma de Mallorca .
Davis Square is a major intersection in the northwestern section of Somerville , Massachusetts where several streets meet :
Qamarqan ( Persian : قمرقان‎ , also Romanized as Qamarqān and Qamarghān ) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Gottleuba Dam is the second highest dam in Saxony , Germany .
Bowershall is a village in Fife , Scotland , UK , situated near Craigluscar Hill , two miles north of Dunfermline , one mile north of Townhill , and to the west of Loch Fitty , south of the B915 .
The Maison Mantin ( French pronunciation : ​(mɛzɔ̃ mɑ̃tɛ̃ ) ; `` Mantin House '' ) is a late 19th - century French mansion located in the town of Moulins ( Arrondissement de Moulins ) in the Allier department of central France .
Palazzo Marino is a 16th - century palace located in Piazza della Scala , in the centre of Milan , Italy .
The Golden Gate Railroad Museum ( reporting mark GGMX ) is a non - profit railroad museum in California that is dedicated to the preservation of steam and passenger railroad equipment , as well as the interpretation of local railroad history .
The Blaine Smith House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon , is a two - story single dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Central Cabarrus High School , commonly referred to locally as Central or CCHS , is a comprehensive public high school located in Concord , North Carolina .
Zabolotiv ( Ukrainian : Заболотів , Polish : Zabłotów , Yiddish : זאַבלאטאוו‎ ) is an urban - type settlement in Sniatyn Raion of Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast in Western Ukraine .
Brightlingsea is a coastal town and an electoral ward in the Tendring district of Essex , England .
Yaramushi ( Persian : ياراموشي‎ , also Romanized as Yārāmūshī ; also known as Yaramiri ( Persian : ياراميري ) , also Romanized as Yārāmīrī ) is a village in Itivand - e Shomali Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Art Institute of Washington opened in January 2000 in The Ames Center at 1820 North Fort Myer Drive in Arlington , Virginia in the Washington , D.C. metropolitan area .
The Bronzewing Gold Mine is a gold mine located approximately 83 km north - east of Leinster , Western Australia .
The operator , the Saxony - Anhalt Dam Company ( Talsperrenbetrieb Sachsen - Anhalt ) , has made the Wendefurth Dam accessible to visitors .
Modrý Kameň ( German : Blauenstein ; Hungarian : Kékkő ) is a town and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
East Orange School District is a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from the city of East Orange , New Jersey .
Castlefield is an inner city conservation area of Manchester in North West England .
The Montlake Bridge is a double - leaf bascule bridge that carries State Route 513 ( Montlake Boulevard ) over Seattle 's Montlake Cut -- part of the Lake Washington Ship Canal -- connecting Montlake and the University District .
Narmeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : نارمه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Nārmeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Falard District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Kiasarlat ( Persian : كياسرلات‎ , also Romanized as Kīāsarlāt ) is a village in Asara Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
New Coalinga Municipal Airport ( IATA : CLG , FAA LID : C80 ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) east of the central business district of Coalinga , in Fresno County , California , United States .
Wenberg County Park , formerly Wenberg State Park , is a 46-acre ( 18.6 ha ) park located on the shores of Lake Goodwin in the community of Lake Goodwin , Washington .
Pukarzów - Kolonia ( puˈkaʐuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Fasty ( ˈfastɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Cheshmeh - ye Gav ( Persian : چشمه گاو‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Gāv , Chashmeh Gav , and Chashmeh - i - Gav ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Węgleszyn ( vɛŋˈɡlɛʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Zaliwie - Szpinki ( zaˈlivjɛ ˈʂpiŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Stinson Gulch is a valley in Marin County , California , United States which is associated with a small stream .
Langedijke ( West Frisian : Langedike ) is a village consisting of about 290 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Crystal Springs Uplands School is an independent , coeducational , college prep day school with 350 students ( grades 6 - 12 ) in Hillsborough , California , United States .
Chicago Lawn Branch is a Chicago Public Library located in the Chicago Lawn neighborhood of Chicago , in the U.S. state of Illinois .
Mieroszyno - Wybudowanie ( mjɛrɔˈʂɨnɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Central Park Plaza is a 15 story , commercial office complex in Downtown Omaha , Nebraska .
Wokingham Without is a civil parish in the Wokingham district of the English county of Berkshire .
Yalbandan - e Sara ( Persian : يالبندان سرا‎ , also Romanized as Yālbandān - e Sarā ; also known as Yālbandānsarā ) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District , Kelarabad District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Duncan Ridge Trail is a hiking trail that has been designated as a National Recreation Trail in Georgia .
Presque Isle High School is a secondary school for students located in Presque Isle , Maine .
Dawn - Euphemia is a township in southwestern Ontario , Canada , in Lambton County .
The Francis Malbone House is a historic house at 392 Thames Street in Newport in Newport , Rhode Island .
Ardudar ( Persian : اردودر‎ , also Romanized as Ardūdar , Ardūdār , and Ordūdār ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Arnaveh ( Persian : ارناوه‎ , also Romanized as Ārnāveh and Arnāveh ; also known as Aznāveh ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dragon Run Farm is a historic farm located at Kirkwood , New Castle County , Delaware .
Ghusian is a village near Nokha , in Rohtas district of Bihar state , India .
Buffalo National Park was created near the town of Wainwright in east central Alberta on June 5 , 1909 .
Canada Place is a building situated on the Burrard Inlet waterfront of Vancouver , British Columbia .
Entertainment Building ( Chinese : 娛樂行 ) is an office building in Central , Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
The Ephriam M. Baynard House is a historic home in Auburndale , Florida , located at 208 West Lake Avenue .
The Liu Shaoqi 's Former Residence ( simplified Chinese : 刘少奇故居 ; traditional Chinese : 劉少奇故居 ; pinyin : Liú Shàoqí Gùjū ) was built in the late Qing Dynasty , it is located in Huaminglou Town of Ningxiang County , Hunan Province , in the People 's Republic of China .
Dizer Kola ( Persian : ديزركلا‎ , also Romanized as Dīzer Kolā ) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tawęcino ( tavɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( German Tauentzien ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Musa Kuh ( Persian : موسي كوه‎ , also Romanized as Mūsá Kūh ) is a village in Aliyan Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Yenifoça ( meaning `` New Foça '' in Turkish , the words sometimes spelled separately as `` Yeni Foça '' ) is a suburb of the Foça district , in Turkey 's İzmir Province .
Valledolmo ( Sicilian : Vaddilurmu ) ( Valley of the Elm ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southeast of Palermo .
Mille Lacs National Wildlife Refuge is a 0.57 acre ( 2,300 m2 ) National Wildlife Refuge in central Minnesota .
Fletnowo ( flɛtˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Bete Grise ( from the French Bête grise , `` Gray Beast '' ) is a nature preserve Keweenaw Peninsula , in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan , beach and bay on Lake Superior , where the sand is said to `` sing '' in situ .
Varberg Municipality ( Varbergs kommun ) is a municipality in Halland County , in southwest Sweden .
The Greene County Almshouse is a historic poorhouse located in Greene County , Illinois , along a township road northeast of the city of Carrollton .
Most of Žižkov lies in the municipal and administrative district of Prague 3 , except for very small parts which are in Prague 8 and Prague 10 .
Qanqormeh ( Persian : قانقرمه‎ , also Romanized as Qānqormeh ) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District , in the Central District of Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Gola Dhoro is an archaeological site belonging to Indus Valley Civilization , situated at the head of the Gulf of Kutch , near Bagasara in Kutch district of Gujarat , India .
Watkinson School is a private coeducational independent day school in Hartford , Connecticut .
Ed R. Levin County Park is the largest park in Milpitas , California .
Barg - e Najaf ( Persian : برگنجف‎ , also Romanized as Barg - e Najaft ; also known as Najaft ) is a village in Gerit Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mahatma Gandhi University , Nalgonda is a public university located at Nalgonda district , Telangana , India .
Yattendon is a geographically small village and civil parish 7 miles ( 11 km ) northeast of Newbury , Berkshire .
72 Market Street Oyster Bar and Grill was a popular Venice , California restaurant founded in 1983 and launched by Tony Bill and Dudley Moore .
Navasar ( Persian : ناوسر‎ , also Romanized as Nāvasar ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Karaf Kol ( Persian : كرف كل‎ ' ; also known as Korfgol - e Chushal ) is a village in Malfejan Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Kraus Corset Factory is a historic industrial property at Roosevelt Drive and Third Street in Derby , Connecticut .
The Graves Creek Ranger Station is a small historic district in Olympic National Park , Washington , USA .
Kaltukatjara ( 25.788763 ° S 128.997345 ° E ) is a remote Indigenous Australian community in the Northern Territory of Australia .
The Yvonne A. Ewell Townview Magnet Center ( TMC ) is a complex of schools in East Oak Cliff , Dallas , Texas .
The Homathko River is one of the major rivers of the southern Coast Mountains of British Columbia , and one of the few rivers that penetrates the range from the Chilcotin Plateau to the coastal inlets , entering the sea at the head of Bute Inlet adjacent to the mouth of the Southgate River , just to its east .
Newton Ferrers is a village in the civil parish of Newton and Noss in the English county of Devon , about 6 miles ( 10 km ) south - east of Plymouth on the River Yealm estuary .
West Monkton is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
Gugeli ( Persian : گوگلي‎ , also Romanized as Gūgelī , Gowglī , Gūglī , Kūkelī , and Kowkelī ; also known as Gugi ) is a village in Takmaran Rural District , Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mesahchie Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington , in a cirque to the northeast of Mesahchie Peak .
Manning Bowl is a former American football and soccer stadium located in Lynn , Massachusetts .
Roztopczyn ( rɔsˈtɔpt͡ʂɨn ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Struvenburg was a medieval castle immediately east of Benzingerode , a village in the borough of Wernigerode in the district of Harz in the German state of Saxony - Anhalt .
Pstrowice ( pstrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Coelemu is a Chilean commune and city in Ñuble Province , Biobío Region .
The Capitan Grande Reservation is a Kumeyaay Indian reservation in San Diego County , California , jointly controlled by the Barona Group of Capitan Grande Band of Mission Indians and Viejas Group of Capitan Grande Band of Mission Indians .
Cuddesdon is a mainly rural village in South Oxfordshire centred 5.5 miles ( 9 km ) ESE of Oxford .
Kostelní Myslová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkostɛlɲiː ˈmɪslovaː ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Muri - ye Ajam ( Persian : موري اجم‎ , also Romanized as Mūrī - ye Ājam ) is a village in Ajam Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Anhar - e Sofla ( Persian : انهرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Anhar - e Soflá ; also known as Anhar ) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Çeltik ( Turkish : çeltik , `` paddy , rice in a husk '' ) is a town and district of Konya Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey .
The ' Old Spanish Treasure Cave ' is located on Hwy 59 between Sulphur Springs and Gravette , Arkansas in the northwest corner of the state .
Grzybiany ( ɡʐɨˈbjanɨ ) ( German : Greibnig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tualatin Valley Academy ( TVA ) is a kindergarten - through - eighth - grade private school in Hillsboro , Oregon , United States .
The Little Seboeis River is a short stream in Maine Township 4 , Range 7 , WELS , Penobscot County , Maine .
The Fourche River is a minor tributary of the Black River located in Northeast Arkansas and ending in Randolph County , Arkansas near Pocahontas , where it enters the Black River .
Luddan ( Urdu : لُڈّن‎ ) , is a town located on the bank of the Sutlej in Vehari District Punjab , Pakistan .
Mieszałki ( mjɛˈʂau̯ki ) ( formerly German Grünewald ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bellefonte Academy was a historic school building located at Bellefonte , Centre County , Pennsylvania .
The Urbana College Historic Buildings are a historic district on the campus of Urbana University in Urbana , Ohio , United States .
SanTan Village is an open - air , super regional lifestyle center located in Gilbert , Arizona that spans 1,200,000 square feet ( 110,000 m2 ) of gross leasable area .
Mikoszów ( miˈkɔʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Hill Cemetery and Parson Hubbard House Historic District encompasses a historic cemetery and parsonage in Shelburne , Massachusetts .
Cowlinge , pronounced `` Coolinje '' , is a picturesque English village located in the southwest corner of Suffolk , close to the Cambridgeshire and Essex borders .
The St. Joseph Peninsula is located in Gulf County , Florida , in the panhandle of Florida , at coordinates 29 ° 42′55``N 85 ° 23′05''W. It is a 15-mile long spit , extending northward from Cape San Blas between the Gulf of Mexico to the west and St. Joseph Bay to the east .
Chaman - e Golin ( Persian : چمن گلين‎ , also Romanized as Chaman - e Golīn ; also known as Chaman ) is a village in Direh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The L. D. M. Sweat Memorial Galleries are a series of art galleries that are part of the Portland Museum of Art , which is located in the Arts District of Portland , Maine .
Loyola Academy is a private , co - educational college preparatory high school , located in Wilmette , Illinois , a northern suburb of Chicago , and in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago .
The Finnish Heritage Museum of Fairport Harbor , Ohio , United States is an incorporated non - profit organization founded to preserve and perpetuate Finnish heritage and cultural traditions .
The Copperneedle River originates within the northern Hearne Domain , Western Churchill province of the Churchill craton , the northwest section of the Canadian Shield in Nunavut 's Kivalliq Region .
County Line Bowstring is a bridge located near unincorporated Hollis , Kansas , United States , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Dalwood is a village and county parish in the East Devon district of the English county of Devon .
The Mystic Bridge Historic District ( also known as Lower Mystic or Mistick ) is a historic district on U.S. 1 and CT 27 in the Stonington side of the village of Mystic , Connecticut .
Flisów ( ˈflisuf ) ( German Fließhof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gigal ( Persian : گيگال‎ , also Romanized as Gīgāl ) is a village in Ani Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Redecz Kalny ( ˈrɛdɛt͡ʂ ˈkalnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Abbasabad - e Qandi ( Persian : عباس ابادقندي‎ , also Romanized as `` Abbāsābād - e Qandī ) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District , Helali District , Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 573 , in 125 families .
Xiaying District ( Chinese : 下營區 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Xiàyíng Qū ; Tongyong Pinyin : Siàyíng Cyu ; Wade -- Giles : Hsia4-ying2 Ch'ü1 ) is a rural district of about 25,068 residents in Tainan , Taiwan .
The Sultan 's Armed Forces Museum is a military history museum , located in the 150-year - old Bait Al Falaj Fort , the headquarters for Sultan Said bin Sultan 's Armed Forces on Al Mujamma Street , Muscat , Oman .
Little Corby is a village in the county of Cumbria in the north of England .
Pearce Ferry Airport ( FAA LID : L25 ) is a public use airport in Mohave County , Arizona , United States .
Merseyside ( /ˈmɜːrzisaɪd/ ) is a metropolitan county in North West England , with a population of 1.38 million .
Mowg ( Persian : موگ‎ ; also known as Mowgr and Mūger ) is a village in Boyer Ahmad - e Garmsiri Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Alvin Miller House is a Usonian home beside the Cedar River in Charles City , Iowa .
Hallsboro Store is a historic general store located near Midlothian , Chesterfield County , Virginia .
Corbeil Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Spire de Corbeil ) in the town of Corbeil - Essonnes was the interim cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Évry--
The Congressional Club ( founded in 1908 ) , is an historic residence , located at 2001 New Hampshire Avenue , Northwest , Washington , D.C. , in the U Street Corridor neighborhood .
Wola Jurkowa ( ˈvɔla jurˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Lee M. Thurston High School is a public high school in Redford , Michigan , United States in the suburban Detroit area .
Prati is a historic neighbourhood ( rione ) of Rome in the centre of the city , bordering with the north of the Vatican State , within Rome 's Municipio I. Its logo is the shape of Hadrian 's mausoleum , in a blue color on a silver background .
1000 Connecticut Avenue is a high - rise skyscraper building located in the United States capital of Washington , D.C ..
The Port Jefferson School was a historic school in the village of Port Jefferson , Ohio , United States .
Place House is a Grade I listed building located in Fowey , Cornwall , England .
The Teufelshörner are joined by a rocky knife - edge that marks the border between the state of Salzburg and the district of Berchtesgadener Land in Bavaria .
Devil 's Backbone State Forest is a state forest located in Shenandoah County , Virginia .
Moniack Castle is a 16th - century tower house located 7 miles ( 11 km ) west of Inverness , and just south of Beauly in Highland , Scotland .
The Bethungra Spiral is a rail spiral , built on the Main South line of New South Wales in Australia at Bethungra between Cootamundra and Junee .
Summadevi is a village located near Palasa in Srikakulam district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Seyyed Adnan ( Persian : سيدعدنان‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed `` Adnān ) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District , in the Central District of Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 294 , in 47 families .
Bandarupalleis a village in Tadikonda mandal , located in Guntur district of Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Claino con Osteno is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) north of Milan and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Como .
Mill Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Ochoco National Forest of central Oregon .
Guardbridge ( Scots : Gaire Brig ) is a village in the north - east of Fife , on the east coast of Scotland .
Zwiefalten is a municipality in the district of Reutlingen , located halfway between Stuttgart and Lake Constance .
Subcetate ( Hungarian : Gyergyóvárhegy , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɟɛrɟoːvaːrhɛɟ ) ; German : Burgberg ) is a commune in Harghita County , Romania .
Lane Education Service District ( Lane ESD ) is an education service district that provides services to the 16 school districts in Lane County , Oregon , United States .
Cheshmeh Sar ( Persian : چشمه سر‎ ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Stare Nadratowo ( ˈstarɛ nadraˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bowd is a village on the outskirts of Sidmouth in Devon , England .
Kadukutty is a village and Gram panchayat in the Chalakudy block in the Thrissur district , state of Kerala , India .
Trzpioły ( ˈtʂpjɔwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Soheyl Najafabad ( Persian : سهيل نجف اباد‎ , also Romanized as Soheyl Najafābād ; also known as Najafābād , Qeshlāq - e Soheyl , Qeshlāq - e Soheyl Najafābād , and Soheyl ) is a village in Rudshur Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The BlackRock Center for the Arts ( full name Germantown Cultural Arts Center d.b.a . BlackRock Center for the Arts ) is a cultural , visual and performing arts center in Germantown , Maryland .
Shakraleh ( Persian : شكراله‎ , also Romanized as Shakrāleh ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
William Beaumont Army Medical Center is a Department of Defense medical facility located in El Paso , Texas .
Dębiny Osuchowskie ( dɛmˈbinɨ ɔsuˈxɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pakir Shahsavar ( Persian : پكيرشهسوار‎ , also Romanized as Pakīr Shahsavār ; also known as Peykeh - ye Shahsavār ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Wólka Petryłowska ( ˈvulka pɛtrɨˈwɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Gals ( French : Chules ) is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Community of communes of Héricourt Pays is a federation of municipalities in Haute - Saône .
Jauharabad - I is one of the 51 Union Councils ( administrative subdivisions ) of Khushab District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Deh - e Ashkanan ( Persian : ده اشکنان‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Ashkanān , Deh Eshkanān , and Deh Eshkenan ; also known as Ashkanān ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Shakatapuram is a religious place for Hindus located in the Koppa taluk of the state of Karnataka , India .
The Edwin S. George Building , built in 1908 , is located at 4612 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit , Michigan , at the corner of Woodward and Garfield .
The Cimarron Fuel Fabrication Site was a nuclear fuel production facility located by the Cimarron River near Cimarron City , Oklahoma .
Lubcz Mały ( ˈlupt͡ʂ ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Abereiddy ( usual Welsh spelling : Abereiddi ) is a hamlet in the county of Pembrokeshire , in south - west Wales .
The U.S. Arsenal - Officers Quarters ( also known as the Mt. Vernon Arsenal or Chattahoochee Arsenal ) is a historic site in Chattahoochee , Florida .
Qareh Qowzlu ( Persian : قره قوزلو‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Qowzlū ; also known as Qareh Gowzlū ) is a village in Marhemetabad - e Miyani Rural District , Marhemetabad District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Yinggen ( simplified Chinese : 营根 ; traditional Chinese : 營根 ; pinyin : Yínggēn ) is a town and the seat of Qiongzhong Li and Miao Autonomous County in the centre of Hainan .
Chavara Thekkumbhagom ( ചവറ തെക്കുംഭാഗം ) or ( Thekkumbhagom Panchayath ) or ( Chavara South ) is a village in Kollam district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Calbayog , officially the City of Calbayog ( Waray : Syudad san Calbayog ; Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Calbayog ; Filipino : Lungsod ng Calbayog ) and often referred to as Calbayog City , is a city in the province of Samar , Philippines .
Kamarcheh - ye Sofla ( Persian : كمرچه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kamarcheh - ye Soflá ; also known as Kamarcheh and Kamarchehhā ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Musaabad Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lordstown High School is a public high school in the village of Lordstown , Ohio , near Warren , Ohio .
Ghurak - e Sofla ( Persian : غورك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ghūrak - e Soflá ; also known as Ghūrak - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Rev. Peter Sanborn House is a historic house at 55 Lowell Street in Reading , Massachusetts .
Asikkadu ( Ahilvanam ) is a village in Mayiladuthurai taluk , Nagapattinam district , state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Meghalaya ( /meɪɡˈɑːləjə/ or US /ˌmeɪɡəˈleɪə/ ; /meːɡʱaːləj(ə)/ ) is a state in north - east India .
The Tampa Convention Center is a mid - sized convention center located in downtown Tampa , Florida at the mouth of the Hillsborough River .
Mirante do Paranapanema is a city in the western part of the state of São Paulo , in Brazil .
Chretien Point Plantation is a pre - Civil War twelve room red brick mansion , located on twenty acres on the banks of Bayou Bourbeaux , two miles southwest of Sunset , Louisiana in St. Landry Parish .
The Uckermark , a historical region in northeastern Germany , currently straddles the Uckermark District of Brandenburg and the Vorpommern - Greifswald District of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
West Hendon is a place in the London Borough of Barnet .
The Saffrons is a multi - purpose sports ground in Eastbourne , East Sussex .
Fileh Khasseh ( Persian : فيله خاصه‎ , also Romanized as Fīleh Khāşşeh , Filah Khāsah , and Fīlah Khāşeh ; also known as Filakh - Khasakh , Fīleh Khāleşeh , and Peleh Khāseh ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Memmelsdorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg bordering in the west directly on the city of Bamberg .
Savy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy , located in northern France .
Piglio is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) east of Rome and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northwest of Frosinone , offering a panoramic view on the valleys of the Sacco and Aniene rivers .
The Stones River Greenway Arboretum is an arboretum located along the Stones River Greenway , beside the Stones River , in Murfreesboro , Tennessee .
Paulding County High School is a public secondary school located in Paulding County , Georgia , U.S. The school was established in 1969 and was the only high school in Paulding County for a quarter of a century .
Shurja ( Persian : شورجا‎ , also Romanized as Shūrjā ; also known as Sarjāh , Shoorcheh , and Shūrjeh ) is a village in Shivanat Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Manickpur is a small village in Vasai town in the Thane district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Sestroretsk ( Russian : Сестроре́цк ; Finnish : Siestarjoki ; Swedish : Systerbäck ) is a municipal town in Kurortny District of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia , located on the shores of the Gulf of Finland , the Sestra River and the Sestroretskiy Lake 34 kilometers ( 21 mi ) northwest of St. Petersburg .
Onufryjewo ( ɔnufrɨˈjɛvɔ ) ( German : Onufrigowen ( 1929 - 45:Rehfelde ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane - Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Zastów ( ˈzastuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów - Luborzyca , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Hubbard Landing Seaplane Base ( FAA LID : HL2 ) is a privately owned public - use seaplane base in Baldwin County , Alabama , United States .
Dolny Siniec ( ˈdɔlnɨ ˈɕiɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Sarah Helmick State Recreation Site is a state park located south of Monmouth , in Polk County , Oregon , United States .
Bimi - ye Sofla ( Persian : بيمي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bīmī - ye Soflá ; also known as Bīmī ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Fort Walla Walla is a United States Army fort located in Walla Walla , Washington .
The Blackstone River and Canal Heritage State Park is a part of the state park system of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation ( DCR ) .
Varna Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Варна ) is a seaside municipality ( obshtina ) in Varna Province , Northeastern Bulgaria , located on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast and near Varna lake .
Minetta Creek ( sometimes called Minetta Brook , Minetta Stream , Minetta Water , Minetta Waters , or by its Dutch name , Bestevaer 's Killetje , before the American Revolutionary War ) , was a stream that was among the largest natural watercourses in Manhattan , New York City .
Barstow Community Hospital is a hospital in Barstow , San Bernardino County , California , United States .
Shakhtehlu ( Persian : شخته لو‎ , also Romanized as Shakhtehlū ) is a village in Quri Chay - ye Gharbi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Słonin ( ˈswɔnin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bagh - e Chaveshi ( Persian : باغ چاوشي‎ , also Romanized as Bagh - e Chāveshī ) is a village in Ramjin Rural District , Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Pan American Arena is a twin rink ice hockey and skating arena located in downtown Indianapolis , Indiana .
Curries Woods is a neighborhood in the southern part of Greenville in Jersey City , New Jersey bordering Bayonne .
Parminav Shamiun ( Persian : پرميناو شميون‎ , also Romanized as Parmīnāv Shamīūn ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Darkhiz ( Persian : درخيز‎ , also Romanized as Darkhīz ; also known as Bāb - e Havīz , Bāb Hariz , Bāb Havīz , and Darkhīz Bāb Havīz ) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Goose Lake meteorite is a meteorite that was found at Goose Lake in the United States by two hunters from Oakland , California on October 13 , 1938 .
Pioneer Courthouse Square , also known as Portland 's living room , is a public space occupying a full 40,000-square - foot ( 3,700 m2 ) city block in the center of downtown Portland , Oregon , United States .
Ann Arbor Municipal Airport ( IATA : ARB , ICAO : KARB , FAA LID : ARB ) is a general aviation airport in Washtenaw County , Michigan , United States .
The Tatlatui Range is a large and very alpine mountain range on the east flank of the upper Skeena River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
The Musée Sainte - Croix is the largest museum in Poitiers , France .
Harriman Dam is a hydroelectric dam in Windham County , Vermont in the town of Whitingham .
Golestan - e Sofla ( Persian : گلستان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Golestān - e Soflá ; also known as Qāţer Gūtūran - e Soflá and Qāţer Gūtran - e Soflá ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Varchand ( Persian : ورچند‎ , also Romanized as Warchānd ; also known as Darjand and Varjand ) is a village in Alishar Rural District , Kharqan District , Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Zalteh ( Persian : زلته‎ ) is a village in Sirvan Rural District , Nowsud District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Crystal River High School was built in Crystal River , Florida , in 1969 .
Port Perry High School is located in Port Perry , Ontario within the administrative responsibilities of the Durham District School Board .
Mount Cline is a mountain in western Alberta , Canada , 11 km ( 7 mi ) north of Saskatchewan Crossing , 60 km ( 37 mi ) southwest of Nordegg .
The Espada Acequia , or Piedras Creek Aqueduct , was built by Franciscan friars in 1731 in what is now San Antonio , Texas , United States .
The Williams - Linscott House was a historic First Period house at 357 William Street in Stoneham , Massachusetts .
Kaltjiti is an Aboriginal community in the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia , comprising one of the six main communities on `` The Lands '' ( the others being Amata , Ernabella / Pukatja , Pipalyatjara , Indulkana and Mimili ) .
Nematabad - e Yek ( Persian : نعمت آباد1‎ , also Romanized as Ne``matābād - e Yek ; also known as Ne``matābād ) is a village in Mahan Rural District , Mahan District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Sevvur is a small village in Sivagangai district in the state of Tamil Nadu .
Nova Marilândia is a municipality in the state of Mato Grosso in the Central - West Region of Brazil , it is also the closest inhabitance to South America 's Pole of inaccessibility
Freewill Baptist Church ( also known as Prospect Aid Meeting House ; Muakego Meeting House ) is a historic church at 19750 W. National Avenue in New Berlin , Wisconsin , United States .
The Château de la Muyre ( or la Muire ) is a fortified site a few kilometres from Domblans , in the Jura département of France .
The Jubilee Arena also known as Jubilee Rink was an indoor arena located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Henry Albertson Subdivision Historic District , also known as the Henry Albertson Plan and Henry Albertson Property , is a historic subdivision and national historic district located at Lansdowne , Delaware County , Pennsylvania .
Great Tellico was a Cherokee town at the site of present - day Tellico Plains , Tennessee , where the Tellico River emerges from the Appalachian Mountains .
Chelmondiston is a small village and civil parish in Suffolk , England located on the Shotley peninsula , five miles south - east of Ipswich .
The Colegio de San Gregorio is a historical building in Valladolid , Spain , currently housing the National Museum of Sculpture .
Demarest Hall is a residence hall for undergraduate students attending Rutgers University - New Brunswick in New Brunswick , New Jersey .
The Ödseen ( bleak lakes ) are two small mountain lakes ( Großer Ödsee 47 ° 45′50``N 14 ° 01′05''E and Kleiner Ödsee 47 ° 45′34``N 14 ° 01′10''E ) in Upper Austria 's part of the Salzkammergut .
Pulloorampara ( പുല്ലൂരാംപാറ ) is a village which is situated near by Thiruvambady town in Calicut district Kerala .
Cap Gris Nez ( literally `` cape grey nose '' ; see § Etymology ) is a cape on the Côte d'Opale in the Pas - de - Calais département in northern France .
St Margaret Lothbury is a Church of England parish church in the City of London ; it spans the boundary between Coleman Street Ward and Broad Street Ward .
San Pedro Cholula is a municipality in the Mexican state of Puebla and one of two municipalities which made up the city of Cholula .
Lee 's Summit Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KLXT , FAA LID : LXT ) is a public use airport in Jackson County , Missouri , United States .
OneEleven ( formerly 111 W. Wacker and Waterview Tower ) is a luxury rental apartment tower in The Loop neighborhood of downtown Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Canopus Lake is a small lake within Clarence Fahnestock State Park in northern Putnam County , New York , USA .
Mays Island ( or May 's Island ) is a small island in the Cedar River , in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Ashaig ( Scottish Gaelic : Aiseag , referring to a ferry ) is a small township , situated adjacent to Upper Breakish and Lower Breakish near Broadford on the island of Skye , Scotland .
Kakhk District ( Persian : بخش کاخک‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pain Gomol ( Persian : پائين گمل‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Gomol ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Roche - a - Cri State Park ( from the French for crevice in the rock ) is a state park north of Adams and Friendship in central Wisconsin .
Plaza de la Escandalera is a plaza in Oviedo , Asturias , Spain .
Faratan ( Persian : فراتان‎ , also Romanized as Farātān and Ferātān ; also known as Farāţūn ) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tanbuleh ( Persian : تنبوله‎ , also Romanized as Tanbūleh ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lewis and Harris ( Scottish Gaelic : Leòdhas agus na Hearadh ) in the Outer Hebrides make up the largest island in Scotland .
Leah Victoria Park is an Irish football ground situated in Tullamore , Co. Offaly .
Liberty Hall ( Irish : Halla na Saoirse ) , in Dublin , Ireland , is the headquarters of the Services , Industrial , Professional , and Technical Union ( SIPTU ) .
Porcupine Plain Airport , ( TC LID : CKD2 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) north of Porcupine Plain , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Five Civilized Tribes Museum is a museum in Muskogee , Oklahoma that houses the art , history and culture of the Cherokee , Chickasaw , Choctaw , Muscogee Creek , and Seminole tribes .
KMPC ( 1540 AM , `` Radio Korea '' , 라디오코리아 ) is a radio station based in Los Angeles , California and is owned by P&Y Broadcasting Licensee , LLC . Radio Korea is a division of the Radio Korea Media Group .
The East 78th Street Houses are a row of five attached brick houses on that street in Manhattan , New York , United States .
Schaumburg High School , or SHS is a public four - year high school located in Schaumburg , IL , a northwest suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
Ulldecona is a town in the South of Catalonia , in Montsià ( Terres de l'Ebre ) , near the Senia River .
Eldorado Glacier is on the south slopes of Eldorado Peak , North Cascades National Park , in the U.S. state of Washington .
The Rankbach Railway ( German : Rankbachbahn ) is a 14.253 km long single - track railway line from Renningen to Böblingen in the southwestern region of Stuttgart in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
Bakhtabad ( Persian : بخت اباد‎ , also Romanized as Bakhtābād ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Poshteh - ye Sari ( Persian : پشته ساري‎‎ , also Romanized as Poshteh - ye Sārī ) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Patrick D. Cupp Stadium ( usually called Cupp Stadium ) is a multi - use stadium located in Radford , Virginia on the campus of Radford University .
Mariahu ( Mariyahu ) ( Hindi : मड़ियाहूँ ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Jaunpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The Battle House Hotel , now known as The Battle House Renaissance Mobile Hotel , is a historic hotel building in Mobile , Alabama .
Évreux ( French pronunciation : ​(e.vʁø ) ) is a commune in the Eure department , of which it is the capital , in Haute Normandie in northern France .
Redferd Segers House , also known as the Kenneth Hoffman House , is a historic home located at Crenshaw in Snyder Township , Jefferson County , Pennsylvania .
Garberville Airport ( FAA LID : O16 ) is a public airport located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) southwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Garberville , a town in Humboldt County , California , USA .
Sherrington is a small village and civil parish on the River Wylye in Wiltshire , England .
Orofino High School , is a four - year secondary school in Orofino , Idaho , part of a combined high school and junior high school operated by the Orofino Joint School District # 171 .
Karig ( Persian : كاريگ‎ , also Romanized as Kārīg ; also known as Gārīk ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zubry ( ˈzubrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable - stayed bridge spanning the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint - Georges - de - l'Oyapock in French Guiana .
Cieszki ( ˈt͡ɕeʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Belair Park is located in West Dulwich part of the London Borough of Southwark , southeast London , England .
The Hertefeld Castle estate , consisting of a castle ruin and attached park , stands in the town of Weeze in North Rhine - Westphalia .
Sarish ( Persian : سريش‎ , also Romanized as Sarīsh ) is a village in Khavashod Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Darreh Naru ( Persian : دره نارو‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Nārū ; also known as Darreh - ye Anārān , Darreh Anārān , and Dar - i - Anār ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
400 Poydras Tower , formerly known as the Texaco Center , located at 400 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans , Louisiana , is a 32-story , 442 feet ( 135 m)-tall skyscraper .
Mayor Magrath Drive is the busiest north - south roadway and the second busiest roadway overall in Lethbridge , Alberta .
Yeongtong - gu , established in 2003 , is the eastern district of the city of Suwon in Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Hezuo ( Zö ) City ( Tibetan : གཙོས་གྲོང་ཁྱིར། , ZYPY : Zö Chongkyir ; Chinese : 合作市 ; pinyin : Hézuò Shì ) is the administrative seat of the Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in southern Gansu province in Western China .
Celebration City was a `` night - time theme park '' located in Branson , Missouri , USA .
Giełczyce ( ɡʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoroszyce , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tanur - e Boland ( Persian : تنوربلند‎ , also Romanized as Tanūr - e Boland and Tanūr Boland ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tunkás Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` bad or ugly stone '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 514.79 km2 ) of land and located roughly 98 km east of the city of Mérida .
The Mount Storm Power Station , located on the west bank of Mount Storm Lake 2 miles ( 3 km ) from Bismarck , West Virginia , is a coal - fired power station owned by Dominion Resources .
Khanewal District ( Urdu : ضِلع خانیوال‎ ) is a district of the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The Lord River is a tributary of the Taseko River in the southern Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada , joining that river via the head of Upper Taseko Lake , which is also fed by the upper reaches of the Taseko River proper .
Kunratice u Cvikova ( German : Kunnersdorf ) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic .
Hudson Bay Airport , ( IATA : YHB , ICAO : CYHB ) , is located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) southeast of Hudson Bay , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Chamakeri is a village in Belgaum district of Athani taluk in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Shiloh High School is a public high school located in Snellville , Georgia in southern Gwinnett County .
Patan district ( Gujarati : પાટણ જિલ્લો ) is one of the 33 districts of Gujarat state in western India .
The Clark Botanic Garden ( 12 acres ) is a botanical garden located on Long Island at 193 I. U. Willets Rd , Albertson , New York .
Kaskajmy Małe ( kasˈkai̯mɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Luberadzyk ( lubɛˈrad͡zɨk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Ashton is a 36 story residential highrise located in Austin , Texas .
Lady Peak is a mountain located just southeast of Cheam Peak in the Cheam Range near Chilliwack , British Columbia .
The Barlow Respiratory Hospital is a hospital located in the Elysian Park neighborhood of Echo Park , near Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles , California .
Fullerton First Methodist Episcopal Church ( also known as Seventh Day Adventist Church ; Church of Religious Science ) is a historic church building at 117 N. Pomona Avenue in Fullerton , California .
Dorohoi ( Romanian pronunciation : ( doroˈhoj ) ) is a city in the Botoşani County , Romania , on the right bank of the Jijia River , which broadens into a lake on the north .
Hemp 's Green or Hemps Green is a hamlet in the civil parish of Fordham , in the Colchester borough , in the county of Essex , England .
The 2007 Alum Rock earthquake occurred on October 30 at 8:04 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time in Alum Rock Park in San Jose , California .
Rabian ( Persian : ربيان‎ , also Romanized as Rabīān , Rabeyān , and Rabī``ān ) is a village in Kahshang Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 40 , in 13 families .
Oakland Harbor Light is a former lighthouse , now a restaurant in Embarcadero Cove , California .
Areraj ( Hindi : अरेराज ) is a town and a notified area in East Champaran district in the state of Bihar , India .
Sobakhiyeh ( Persian : صبخيه‎ , also Romanized as Şobākhīyeh ; also known as Şabbāḩīyeh ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Building at 423 West Baltimore Street is a historic retail and wholesale building located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Ręszew ( ˈrɛ̃ʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tsin Kletsin or Tsin Kletzin is an Ancestral Puebloan great house and archaeological site located on top of South Mesa in Chaco Culture National Historical Park , northwestern New Mexico , United States .
Brinsworth is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham , in South Yorkshire , England .
Mount Tammany is the southernmost peak of the Kittatinny Mountains in Knowlton Township , Warren County , New Jersey , United States .
Gozm ( Persian : گزم‎ ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Central Regional High School is a four - year regional comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades , located in the Bayville section of Berkeley Township in Ocean County , New Jersey , United States , operating as part of the Central Regional School District .
Garnwerd is a wierde village next to the Reitdiep in the municipality of Winsum in the Dutch province of Groningen .
Porta Sempione ( `` Simplon Gate '' ) is a city gate of Milan , Italy .
Curwood Castle is a small castle , now a museum , located in Owosso , Michigan , built by author James Oliver Curwood .
Sójki - Parcel ( ˈsui̯ki ˈpart͡sɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Trerulefoot ( pronounced /ˈtruːlfʊt/ ) is a village in southeast Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Louisiana School for the Deaf is a state school for deaf and hard - of - hearing students in Louisiana , located in Baton Rouge , the state capital .
East Jefferson High School is a public high school located in Metairie in unincorporated Jefferson Parish , Louisiana , United States .
The Bernadotte Bridge at Bernadotte , built in 1910 , is one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County , Illinois listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Cheboygan County Airport ( ICAO : KSLH , FAA LID : SLH ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) west of the central business district of Cheboygan , a city in Cheboygan County , Michigan , United States .
South Perrott is a village and civil parish in northwest Dorset , England , 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) southeast of Crewkerne .
Bare House and Mill is a historic home and grist mill ruins located at Stuarts Draft , Augusta County , Virginia .
Colmore Gate is an office and retail building in Birmingham , England .
Łopoczno ( wɔˈpɔt͡ʂnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Castle Frank Brook is a buried creek and south - west flowing tributary of the Don River in central and north - western Toronto , Ontario , originating near the intersection of Lawrence Avenue and Dufferin Street .
Darbarud ( Persian : داربارود‎ , also Romanized as Dārbārūd ) is a village in Torkaman Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zalu Bolaghi ( Persian : زالوبلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Zālū Bolāghī ; also known as Zāl Bolāgh and Zālī Bolāgh ) is a village in Rudshur Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Entabeni Game Reserve , Entabeni means ' place of the mountain ' , is a 220 km2 ( 85 sq mi ) private reserve situated in the Waterberg in Limpopo Province in northern South Africa .
The People 's Federal Savings and Loan Association in Sidney is an early - modern building in western Ohio , designed by Chicago architect Louis Sullivan , the mentor of Frank Lloyd Wright .
Allt Cynhelyg is an semi - natural oak - hazel woodland forming a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Brecknock , Powys , Wales .
Baba Rekab ( Persian : باباركاب‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Rekāb ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Boneh - ye Qeysar ( Persian : بنه قيصر‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Qeyşar and Boneh Qeysar ; also known as Boneh Gheisar and Qeyşarābād ) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Burnham Overy is a civil parish on the north coast of Norfolk , England .
Jacob and Eliza Spake House is located at 2600 State Street in Dallas , Texas , United States .
Krzykowice ( kʂɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Crossroads Community Cathedral is a multi - cultural church located at the town line of East Hartford , Connecticut , and Manchester , with Bishop Terry Wiles being the Senior Pastor since November 1981 .
South Ribble is a non - metropolitan district and borough of Lancashire , England .
Kenmore Air Harbor ( IATA : KEH , FAA LID : S60 ) is a public - use seaplane base located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) south of the central business district of Kenmore , a city in King County , Washington , United States .
East St. Louis Community College Center ( ESLCCC ) serves as host to Illinois community colleges that extend the offering of some of their programs and services to E. St. Louis area residents in the city of East St. Louis .
Erickson Municipal Airport , ( TC LID : CKQ6 ) , is located adjacent to Erickson , Manitoba , Canada in the Rural Municipality of Clanwilliam .
Geyser Crest is a residential neighborhood within the city of Saratoga Springs , New York and the town of Milton .
Kemptville is a community located in the Municipality of North Grenville in Southern ( Eastern ) Ontario , Canada in the northernmost part of the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville .
Kolehzan ( Persian : كله زان‎ , also Romanized as Kolehzān ; also known as Kolūzān ) is a village in Taghamin Rural District , Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Yarm is a small town and civil parish in the unitary authority of Stockton - on - Tees in North East England .
Opole County ( Polish : powiat opolski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Opole Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Long Valley Caldera is a depression in eastern California that is adjacent to Mammoth Mountain .
Gol Qaleh ( Persian : گل قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Gol Qal``eh ; also known as Shahkale and Shāh Qal``eh ) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 382 , in 75 families .
Big Trout Lake Airport , ( IATA : YTL , ICAO : CYTL ) , is located 0.6 nautical miles ( 1.1 km ; 0.69 mi ) southwest of Kitchenuhmaykoosib Inninuwug ( formerly known as Big Trout Lake ) , Ontario , Canada .
Limun ( Persian : ليمون‎ , also Romanized as Līmūn ) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Highway 2 , known more commonly as the Hay River Highway , is the shortest numbered highway in the Northwest Territories , and connects Hay River to the junction of Highway 1 at Enterprise .
Meitingen is a market town in the district of Augsburg , in Bavaria , Germany .
Kalkhengak ( Persian : كل خنگك‎ ; also known as Kalkhong and Kalkhūnkag ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
KPOP - LP ( 107.7 FM ) was a low - power FM radio station formerly licensed to Sapulpa , Oklahoma , USA .
Kizan Darreh ( Persian : كيزان دره‎ , also Romanized as Kīzān Darreh and Kīzūn Darreh ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Zalaqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Inkosi Albert Luthuli International Convention Centre Complex is an events center complex located in the city centre of Durban , KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Buraswa is a village which is located 30 km from Chakrata and comes under the Tehsil of Chakrata , Dehradun , Uttarakhand , India .
Rait ( /reɪt/ ) is a small village in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Moghuyeh ( Persian : مغويه‎ , also Romanized as Moghūyeh ; also known as Bandar - e Moghūyeh ) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Robert Edge Parkway is a connection highway in North Myrtle Beach , South Carolina .
Baskerville House , previously called the Civic Centre , is a former civic building in Centenary Square , Birmingham , England .
Pey Kola ( Persian : پيكلا‎ , also Romanized as Pey Kolā ) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Parrs Wood High School is a state comprehensive secondary school situated in East Didsbury , Manchester , England , specifically , behind Parrs Wood Entertainment Complex off Wilmslow Road .
Altenbochum is a statistical area and a district of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine - Westphalia in Germany .
Brzezinna Góra ( bʐɛˈʑinna ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Keryeh Sheykh Ali Khodadad ( Persian : کريه شيخ علي خداداد‎ , also Romanized as Keryeh Sheykh ʿAlī Khodādād ; also known as Keryeh 3 and Khodādād ) is a village in Teshkan Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
U.S. Route 101 , or U.S. Highway 101 , is a north -- south U.S. highway that runs through the states of California , Oregon , and Washington , on the West Coast of the United States .
York Technical College or simply York Tech is a 2-year community college in Rock Hill , South Carolina , United States .
St. Vincent Williamsport Hospital is an acute care hospital in Williamsport in the U.S. state of Indiana , operated by Indianapolis - based St. Vincent Health .
Chediston is a village and a civil parish on the B1123 road , in the Suffolk Coastal District , in the English county of Suffolk .
Płóczki Dolne ( ˈpwut͡ʂki ˈdɔlnɛ ) ( German : Nieder Görisseiffen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Val Vignun is an alpine valley in the Swiss Canton of Graubünden .
Hatert is a suburb in the south of Nijmegen , in the Netherlands .
Universal Mall is a redeveloped open - air power center located in Warren , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit .
Mamedkala ( Russian : Мамедкала́ ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Derbentsky District of the Republic of Dagestan , Russia .
Różnowa ( ruʐˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tuthilltown Bridge is located in the Town of Gardiner in Ulster County , New York , USA , approximately 1 miles ( 1.6 km ) west of the eponymous hamlet .
Mowhub ( Persian : موهوب‎ , also Romanized as Mowhūb ) is a village in Sirch Rural District , Shahdad District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Johnson - Hatfield Tavern is a historic tavern house located at Redstone Township , Fayette County , Pennsylvania .
The Boylston Building is an historic building at 2 - 22 Boylston Street in Boston , Massachusetts .
Tuggeranong Homestead is located in the Australian Capital Territory in the area now covered by the suburb of Richardson .
The Jack Brooks Federal Building is a federal office building in Beaumont , Texas .
Eyvandar ( Persian : ايوان در‎ , also Romanized as Eyvāndar ; also known as Eyvān Darreh ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gutowo - Górki ( ɡuˈtɔvɔ ˈɡurki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Głogów County ( Polish : powiat głogowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Wólka Kańska ( ˈvulka ˈkaɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Fort Wayne Assembly is an automobile factory in Roanoke , Indiana .
Radzików - Oczki ( raˈd͡ʑikuf ˈɔt͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Eydehavn is a village area in the municipality of Arendal in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
The Turpin Site ( 33Ha28 ) is an archaeological site in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio .
Lake of the Ozarks State Park is a Missouri state park on the Grand Glaize Arm of the Lake of the Ozarks and is the largest state park in the state .
The Park of the Reserve or the Parque de la Reserva in Spanish is a park located in downtown Lima , in Peru .
Ynysymaengwyn ( sometimes Ynysmaengwyn ) was a gentry house in the parish of Tywyn , Gwynedd ( formerly Merioneth ) , situated near the south bank of the River Dysynni .
Red Rock Cove is an embayment on San Pablo Bay in Richmond , California .
Cox Business Center ( originally Tulsa Assembly Center and formerly Tulsa Convention Center ) is a 8,900-seat multi - purpose arena located in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Nuchatlitz Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located no the northwest side of Nootka Island , facing Nuchatlitz Inlet , on the west coast of Vancouver Island .
Amsterdam Castle was decommissioned in 1994 , and purchased by the Diana family from the State of New York in 1995 .
Algona High School is a secondary school located in the Algona School District in Algona , Iowa , USA .
Swedish Lutheran Church of Strandburg ( Tabor Lutheran Church of Strandburg ) is a historic church on Main Street in Strandburg , South Dakota .
The Germansen River , formerly Germansen Creek , is a major south tributary of the Omenica River in the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
The Cimarron Historic District is a historic district on the south side of Cimarron , New Mexico , USA .
Bogusławki Duże ( bɔɡuˈswafki ˈduʐɛ ) is an unincorporated village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tai Peng ( Chinese : 大坪 ; literally : `` big plateau '' ) is a small residential village to the east of Yung Shue Wan on Lamma Island , Hong Kong , on the hill directly north above the Yung Shue Long ( 榕樹塱 ) valley .
Glen Canyon National Recreation Area ( shortened to Glen Canyon NRA or GCNRA ) is a recreation and conservation unit of the National Park Service ( USA ) that encompasses the area around Lake Powell and lower Cataract Canyon in Utah and Arizona , covering 1,254,429 acres ( 5,076 km2 ) of mostly desert .
Dashtak - e Nimdur ( Persian : دشتك نيمدور‎ , also Romanized as Dashtak - e Nīmdūr ) is a village in Boyer Ahmad - e Garmsiri Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Fort Bayard National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery in the Fort Bayard Historic District , near Silver City , New Mexico .
Mirchaiya formerly known as Ramnagar Mirchaiya is a municipality in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone ( Eastern Development Region ) of south - eastern Nepal .
Huntingtower Castle once known as Ruthven Castle or the Place ( Palace ) of Ruthven is located near the village of Huntingtower beside the A85 and near the A9 , about 5 km NW of the centre of Perth , Perth and Kinross , in central Scotland , on the main road to Crieff .
The Sparkassen - Arena ( formerly known as Ostseehalle ) is an indoor arena , in Kiel , Germany .
Tayvallich , pronounced `` Tay - vee - al - ich '' ( Scottish Gaelic : Taigh a ' Bhealaich Scottish Gaelic pronunciation : ( t̪ʰɤj ə ˈvjal̪ˠɪç ) ) , is a small village in the Knapdale area of Argyll and Bute , in Scotland .
The Third Precinct Police Station ( or Hunt Street Station ) is a former police station located at 2200 Hunt Street ( at Gratiot Avenue ) in Detroit , Michigan .
Miramshah ( Pashto : ميرمشاه‎ ; Urdu : میران شاہ ) ( pronounced `` mirəmshāh '' ) , or Miranshah , is a town and administrative headquarters of the North Waziristan Agency in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Łaniec ( ˈwaɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polska Cerekiew , within Kędzierzyn - Koźle County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Pass - a - Grille Historic District ( also known as Old Town of Pass - a - Grille ) is a U.S. historic district ( designated as such on October 19 , 1989 ) located in the town of Pass - a - Grille at the southern end of St. Pete Beach , Pinellas County , Florida .
Ping Yuen River ( also known as River Ganges ) ( Chinese : 平原河;Hong Kong Chinese : Ap5li4 Ziu1 ; Hong Kong Chinese : Pin2ngien2 Ho2 ) is a river in the northern New Territories , Hong Kong .
Róże ( ˈruʐɛ ) ( German : Rosenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Ruda Talubska ( ˈruda taˈlupska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bottineau Winter Park is a modest alpine ski area in the midwestern United States , nestled in the Turtle Mountains of north - central North Dakota .
Sulitjelma Church ( Norwegian : Sulitjelma kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county , Norway .
Kucharki ( kuˈxarki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Jackson Mountains are a north - northeast trending mountain range in southwestern Humboldt County , Nevada .
KSNQ ( 98.3 FM , `` The Snake '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Twin Falls , Idaho .
Hudson Glacier is located in the US state of Montana in Glacier National Park .
The Baroncelli Chapel is a chapel located at the transept 's end of the church of Santa Croce , Florence , central Italy .
Sonina ( sɔˈnina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łańcut , within Łańcut County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Asmundtorp is a locality situated in Landskrona Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 1,562 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Last Billboard is a public art billboard in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The Hôtel de Hanau , also known as the Hôtel de ville and ( in German ) as the Hanauer Hof , is a historic building located on Place Broglie on the Grande Île in the city center of Strasbourg , in the French department of the Bas - Rhin .
The Ishpeming Carnegie Public Library , located at 317 Main Street in Ishpeming , Michigan , is the second oldest Carnegie Library in the Upper Peninsula .
The Wacissa River is a large , spring - fed stream located in south - central Jefferson County , Florida .
Baradem Mukalla Stadium is a multi - use stadium in Al Mukalla , Yemen with grass surface .
The Brent crater is an impact crater in both the geographic township of Deacon , Unorganized South Nipissing District and the municipal township of Papineau - Cameron in Nipissing District , northeastern Ontario , Canada , located north of Cedar Lake in northern Algonquin Provincial Park .
Cropredy ( /ˈkrɒprədɪ/ KROP - rə - dee ) is a village and civil parish on the River Cherwell , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north of Banbury in Oxfordshire .
The Clyde Auditorium , familiarly known as `` The Armadillo '' , is a concert venue and auditorium in Glasgow , Scotland .
Sergithang Gewog ( Dzongkha : གསེར་གྱི་ཐང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Tsirang District , Bhutan .
Noushijan Tappe is an archeological site in the west of Iran near Malayer .
Parsabad ( Persian : پارس آباد‎ , also Romanized as Pārsābād ; also known as Fārsābād ) is a city in and the capital of Parsabad County , in Ardabil Province , Iran .
Pārdaugava is an area of Riga , composed of several neighbourhoods on the west bank of Daugava River .
Hollywood Gaming at Dayton Raceway is a racino in Dayton , Ohio , United States .
Haojiang District ( simplified Chinese : 濠江区 ; traditional Chinese : 濠江區 ; pinyin : Háojiāng Qū ) is a district of Shantou , Guangdong province , People 's Republic of China .
Eielson Air Force Base ( AFB ) ( IATA : EIL , ICAO : PAEI , FAA LID : EIL ) is a United States Air Force base located approximately 26 miles ( 42 km ) southeast of Fairbanks , Alaska and just southeast of Moose Creek , Alaska .
University of Detroit Mercy ( UDM ) is a private , Roman Catholic co - educational university in Detroit , Michigan , United States , affiliated with the Society of Jesus ( the Jesuits ) and the Sisters of Mercy .
Wigwałd ( ˈviɡvau̯t ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ben District ( Persian : بخش بن‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Guiratinga ( also known as Princess Eastern and initially as Lageado ) is a city in the state of Mato Grosso , Brazil , distant about 320 miles from the capital Cuiabá .
Marsiliana , known also as Marsiliana d'Albegna , is a village in Tuscany , central Italy , administratively a frazione of the comune of Manciano , province of Grosseto .
Theodore Roosevelt Wilderness is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota .
Kuravilangad ( in Malayalam : കുറവിലങ്ങാട് ) is a town located in the Kottayam district of Kerala , India .
The Roper Hotel is located at 707 Third Street in the city of Marble Falls , county of Burnet , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Fleming - Mason Airport ( ICAO : KFGX , FAA LID : FGX ) is a public use airport located in Mason County , Kentucky , United States .
The Longwood Hotel ( also known as the St. George Hotel or Orange and Black or Longwood Village Inn ) is a historic building in Longwood , Florida .
The Bromide Formation is a geological formation in Oklahoma , USA .
Nithari is a village in the western part of the state of Uttar Pradesh , India , bordering on New Delhi .
Ropeka ( Persian : رپكا‎ , also Romanized as Ropekā ; also known as Robegāh ) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Shelby Farms , located in Memphis , Shelby County , Tennessee , is one of the twenty largest urban parks in the United States .
The Palisades Nuclear Generating Station is a nuclear power plant located on Lake Michigan , in Van Buren County 's Covert Township , Michigan , on a 432-acre ( 175 ha ) site 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) south of South Haven , Michigan , USA .
Yengejeh - ye Yaranmish ( Persian : ينگجه يارانميش‎ , also Romanized as Yengejeh - ye Yārānmīsh ; also known as Yengejeh - ye Bālā , Yengejeh - ye Yārāmesh , and Yengejeh - ye Yārānesh ) is a village in Yekanat Rural District , Yamchi District , Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kuna de Wargandí ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkuna ðe warˈɣandi ) ) is a comarca indígena ( indigenous territory ) and corregimiento in Pinogana District , Darién Province , Panama with a population of 1,914 as of 2010 .
Michael 's Harbour is a small one - street drive through community located just outside Lewisporte in Newfoundland and Labrador .
Arcidosso is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) south of Florence and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northeast of Grosseto and near the town of Montalcino .
St Kilda Botanical Gardens are a botanical garden located in the suburb St Kilda , Victoria , Australia .
Meech Lake ( French : Lac Meech ) is located within Gatineau Park in the Municipality of Chelsea , Quebec , Canada ( about 20 km NW of Gatineau ) .
Watsessing Park is a park in Essex County , New Jersey , in the city of East Orange and the town of Bloomfield .
WXTS - FM ( 88.3 FM ) is a jazz radio station licensed to Toledo , Ohio .
Bont Dolgadfan is a small village off the B4518 road in Powys , Wales .
Samsonów - Komorniki ( samˈsɔnuf kɔmɔrˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Disney 's Art of Animation Resort is a resort within Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista , Florida .
Melkbosstrand is along the Atlantic Seaboard the Northern most suburb of the City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality within which it became incorporated when metropolitan boundaries were redrawn , following the advent of democracy in 1994 .
Henry E. Rohlsen Airport ( IATA : STX , ICAO : TISX , FAA LID : STX ) is a public airport located six miles ( 10 km ) southwest of Christiansted on the island of St. Croix in the United States Virgin Islands .
Tangezhuang ( Chinese : 谭格庄镇 ) is a town in Laiyang , Yantai , in eastern Shandong province , China .
The Amable du Fond River is a river in Nipissing District , in the Northern Ontario portion of Ontario , Canada .
The University of St. La Salle ( USLS ) is a Catholic private university run by the De La Salle Brothers located in La Salle Avenue , Bacolod City , Philippines .
Carlentini ( Sicilian : Carruntini ) is a town and comune in the Province of Syracuse , Sicily ( Italy ) .
The University of Maryland Center for Advanced Study of Language ( CASL ) is the national laboratory for advanced research and development on language and national security , located in College Park , Maryland .
Chedoke Falls is 15.5 metre urban ribbon waterfall found atop the Niagara Escarpment in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
The Globe of Peace ( Mappamondo della Pace in Italian ) is a very large globe located in Apecchio , Pesaro , Italy .
Viereth - Trunstadt is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg lying on the Main .
The Roaring Creek Rancheria is a federal Indian reservation belonging to Achumawi and Atsugewi members of the Pit River Tribe , a federally recognized tribe of indigenous people of California .
Yashnobod ( former Hamza ) is one of 11 districts ( tuman ) of Tashkent , the capital of Uzbekistan .
First Welsh Congregational Church is a Congregational church near Iowa City , Iowa that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 .
Shigang Subdistrict ( Chinese : 石岗大街街道 ) is a township - level division of Xinhua District , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Mill Tract Farm , also known as the George Boone Homestead , is a historic house and farm complex located in # # Exeter Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania
Hatfield Heath is a village and electoral ward located in the county of Essex , UK with a population of approximately 1500 people , measured at 1,960 in the 2011 Census .
Panjin ( simplified Chinese : 盘锦 ; traditional Chinese : 盤錦 ; pinyin : Pánjǐn ) is a prefecture - level city and a major oil production centre of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China , and is situated on the northern coast of Liaodong Bay of the Bohai Gulf .
Cuôr Knia is a rural commune ( xã ) in the Buôn Đôn District of Đắk Lắk Province , Vietnam , not far from the Cambodia border .
Lake Lurleen State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located on U.S. Highway 82 approximately 9 miles ( 14 km ) northwest of Northport in Tuscaloosa County , Alabama .
Well Hill is a small relatively rural settlement , a large hamlet or possibly a small village , in the Sevenoaks district of Kent .
The Chandler is a 36-story high - rise situated at the mouth of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan .
Madonna del Ghisallo is a hill in Magreglio , close to Lake Como in Italy .
The Toledo Harbor Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Lake Erie near Toledo , Ohio , in the United States .
The Phil Hoffman House is a house at 807 High Avenue East in Oskaloosa , Iowa .
The Rideau Skating Rink was an indoor skating and curling facility located in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Parvaraq ( Persian : پرورق‎ ) is a village in Hajjilu Rural District , in the Central District of Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Brexton , formerly known as Fish Lake , is a ghost town located in the Bridge River Country region of British Columbia .
The Hansa Tonstudio is a recording studio , since 1974 located in a former builders ' guild hall on Köthener Straße No . 38 in the Kreuzberg district of Berlin , Germany .
Miechówka ( mjɛˈxufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Zgornji Čačič ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnji ˈtʃaːtʃitʃ ) ; German : Obertschatschitsch ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia .
Gavdar ( Persian : گاودار‎ , also Romanized as Gāvdār ) is a village in Liravi - ye Jonubi Rural District , Imam Hassan District , Deylam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Enlarged Double Lock No . 23 , Old Erie Canal is a historic Erie canal lock located at Rotterdam in Schenectady County , New York .
Sisterdale , Texas , is an unincorporated farming and ranching community , established in 1847 and located 13 miles ( 21 km ) north of Boerne in Kendall County , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Fulton Congregational Church ( Fulton Congregational Church , United Church of Christ ) is a historic church on Fulton Street in Fulton , Wisconsin , United States .
555 City Center is a 20-storey , 85 m ( 279 ft ) skyscraper in the City Center complex of downtown Oakland , California .
Gellar - e Mohammad Hasan ( Persian : گللرمحمدحسن‎ , also Romanized as Gellar - e Moḩammad Ḩasan ) is a village in Meshgin - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Oates - Reynolds Memorial Building ( also known as the Girls ' Dormitory of the Baptist Collegiate Institute ) is a historic building in Newton , Alabama .
Wola Brzeźniowska ( ˈvɔla bʐɛʑˈɲɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chistoprudny Boulevard ( Russian : Чистопрудный Бульвар ) is a major boulevard in the central part of Moscow running from Turgenevskaya Square and Sretensky Boulevard towards Pokrovka Street , where it adjoins Pokrovsky Boulevard .
Wehretal is a community in the Werra - Meißner - Kreis in northeastern Hesse , Germany .
Księżopole - Komory ( kɕɛ̃ʐɔˈpɔlɛ kɔˈmɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Murrisk ( Irish : Muraisc ) is one of the Baronial divisions of County Mayo and also a village in County Mayo , Ireland , on the south side of Clew Bay , about 8 km west of Westport and 4 km east of Lecanvey .
Llanrug ( or Llanfihangel - yn - y - grug ) is a large village in Gwynedd , north - west Wales .
Gózd Lipiński ( ˈɡust liˈpiɲski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biszcza , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ghul Kal ( Persian : غولكل‎ , also Romanized as Ghūl Kal ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District , in the Central District of Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Observatory Road ( 天文臺道 ) is one of the oldest roads in Hong Kong , and has existed since 1883 .
Łaziuki ( waˈʑuki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sikliwce ( ɕiˈklift͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Babine Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains , located between Babine Lake , Babine River , Bulkey River and Skeena River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Balczewo ( balˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Maïdo is a volcanic peak on the island of Réunion , located above the city of Saint Paul and overlooking the `` Cirque de Mafate '' .
Padukad is a place near Thrissur , Kerala .
Fairlee , Maryland is an unincorporated community and census - designated place in Kent County , Maryland , United States .
Tavileh Chaman ( Persian : طويله چمن‎ , also Romanized as Ţavīleh Chaman ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Edison Elementary School is the name of a K-8 grade school in the town of Edison , Washington .
Tivoli Hall ( Slovene : Hala Tivoli ) is a complex of two multi - purpose indoor sport arenas in Tivoli City Park in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Kaparada is a taluka in Valsad district , Gujarat , India , near the border to Maharashtra .
The Government Conference Centre is a government building in downtown Ottawa , Canada , located at 2 Rideau Street .
A.J. Eisenberg Airport ( IATA : ODW , ICAO : KOKH , FAA LID : OKH , formerly 76S ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Oak Harbor , a city in Island County , Washington , United States .
Qaracheh Qia ( Persian : قراچه قيا‎ , also Romanized as Qarācheh Qīā , Gharacheh Ghiya , Qarah Jāqiah , Qara Jāghīa , Qarājeh Qeyā , and Qarājeh Qīā ; also known as Qarājeh Qabā ) is a village in Dodangeh - ye Olya Rural District , Ziaabad District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Meyrals is a commune in the Dordogne department in the southwest of France .
Theatre - By - the - Sea ( also known as Theater by the Sea ) is an historic theater and playhouse at Card Ponds Road in South Kingstown , Rhode Island .
Ruins of small Rabštejnek Castle can be found near village Rabštejn ( administrative part of village Rabštejnská Lhota ) in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
The Fargo Air Museum is an aviation related museum in Fargo , North Dakota .
The Sturgis Pretzel House of Lititz , Pennsylvania , founded in 1861 , is the oldest commercial pretzel bakery in the United States .
Dali Qiz ( Persian : دلي قيز‎ , also Romanized as Dalī Qez ; also known as Dalīqez ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hnawayaca is a village in northwestern Maré Island , in the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia .
KCTA ( 1030 AM ) is a Christian talk radio station based in Corpus Christi , Texas .
Nowa Juńcza ( ˈnɔva ˈjuɲt͡ʂa ) ( German : Neu Juncza ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Brickfields is a sports stadium in Devonport , England .
Putnowice Wielkie ( putnɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Lake Burnside , also known as Oneahibunga , is a lake in the Gibson Desert , located in the Mid West region of Western Australia , northeast of Lake Carnegie .
Dulcza Wielka ( ˈdult͡ʂa ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomyśl Wielki , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Krzemów ( ˈkʂɛmuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce , within Sulęcin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Węgielce ( vɛŋˈɡʲɛlt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Rairden Bridge is a Pennsylvania through truss near Manderson , Wyoming , which crosses the Big Horn River .
The Jardine Water Purification Plant , formerly the Central District Filtration Plant , is the largest capacity water filtration plant in the world , located at 1000 E. Ohio Street north of Navy Pier in Chicago , Illinois .
Denmark Hill railway station is in the London Borough of Southwark in London , England , on the South London and East London lines .
Abrun ( Persian : ابرون‎ , also Romanized as Ābrūn and Āberūn ; also known as Avan and Āvarān ) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Delgany ( Irish : Deilgne , meaning `` Thorny Place '' ) is a small rural village in County Wicklow located on the R762 road which connects to the N11 road at the Glen of the Downs .
The Ghurian District ( Ghoryan District ) is an Afghan administrative district ( Wuleswali ) in far western Afghanistan in western Herat Province .
Pa - ye Astan ( Persian : پاي استان‎‎ , also Romanized as Pā - ye Āstān , Pā Āsetān , Pāy Āsetān , and Pa yi Āstān ) is a village in Kunani Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Frederick Douglass National Historic Site , administered by the National Park Service , is located at 1411 W St. , SE in Anacostia , a neighborhood east of the Anacostia River in Southeast Washington , D.C ..
Ogóły ( ɔˈɡuwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Krajewo - Kawęczyno ( kraˈjɛvɔ kavɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Teymurlu Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تيمورلو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Gugan District , Azarshahr County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Boruja ( bɔˈruja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec , within Wolsztyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
St George 's Church , Gravesend is a Grade II*-listed Anglican church dedicated to Saint George , which is situated near the foot of Gravesend High Street in the Borough of Gravesham .
Narivaran - e Gharbi ( Persian : ناريوران غربي‎ , also Romanized as Nārīvarān - e Gharbī ; also known as Nārīvarān ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
It grew so much that on 23 January 1973 , a new district named Kurukshetra district was created , of which Thanesar was the main town .
Ratwara a village in Sitamarhi district of Bihar , India also known as Vishnupur Ratwara or Bishunpur Ratwara .
Altandhu is a small hamlet , overlooking the sea loch , Loch an Alltain Duibh to the west , on the western shore of the Rubha Mor Peninsula , in the Achiltibuie area , in Ullapool , Ross - shire , Scotland , within the Scottish council area of Highland .
Tsintsunko Lakes Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located south of the Deadman River between Kamloops ( SE ) and Bonaparte Lake ( NW ) .
Mamadah ( Persian : ممده‎ ; also known as Moḩammadeh ) is a village in Dizaj Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Garab Dishmuk ( Persian : گراب ديشموك‎ , also Romanized as Garāb Dīshmūk ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Little Wratting is a small village and civil parish in the St Edmundsbury district of Suffolk in eastern England .
Reiman Gardens is a 17- acre university - owned public garden located immediately south of Jack Trice Stadium on the Iowa State University ( ISU ) campus in Ames , Iowa .
The Max Bettin House at 602 E. Santa Rosa in Victoria , Texas , United States was built in 1908 .
Stoke Orchard is a village or hamlet north - west of Cheltenham in Gloucestershire , England .
The Dolley Todd House or Dolley Todd Madison House in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania is a house once owned by Dolley Madison .
KMJE - FM ( 92.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Placerville , California , USA and serving the Sacramento area with a Spanish CHR format , branded as `` Vive 92.1 '' .
KLEE ( 1480 AM ) is a commercial radio station serving the Ottumwa , Iowa area .
Zaszków ( ˈzaʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
WSPQ ( 1330 AM ) , branded as Classic Hits 1330 , is a radio station licensed to Springville , New York , and serves the Southtowns region of Western New York .
Sop Tia ( Thai : สบเตี๊ยะ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Chom Thong District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Nepa is a village and market center Dullu Municipality in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western - central Nepal .
Millom is a town and civil parish on the north shore of the estuary of the River Duddon around 7 miles north of Barrow - in - Furness in southwest Cumbria , England .
The Lester Center for Entrepreneurship is a program and the primary locus for the study and promotion of entrepreneurship and new enterprise development at the University of California Berkeley .
Jaghdar - e Pain ( Persian : جغدرپائين‎ , also Romanized as Jaghdar - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Siyahu Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and United States Courthouse , formerly known as the Amarillo U.S. Post Office and Courthouse , is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas built in Amarillo , Texas in 1939 .
Situated in the fifth ( cinquième ) arrondissement of Paris , Rue Mouffetard is one of Paris 's oldest and liveliest neighbourhoods .
The Pontiac Transportation Center is an intermodal terminal station located in Pontiac , Michigan that is served by Amtrak 's Michigan Services Wolverine .
The West Dickson Street Commercial Historic District , known as Dickson Street ( historically spelled incorrectly as Dixon Street ) is an area in downtown Fayetteville , Arkansas just off the University of Arkansas campus .
Meighen Island is an uninhabited member of the Queen Elizabeth Islands , part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Craigleith ( Scottish Gaelic : Creag Lìte ) is a small island in the Firth of Forth off North Berwick in East Lothian , Scotland .
The Îles du Connétable ( Constable Islands ) are two islands within French Guiana ( Grand Connétable and Petit Connétable ) that were claimed under the Guano Islands Act of 1856 for the United States of America .
Hiram Cure Airport or Hiram Cure Airfield ( FAA LID : C43 ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northeast of the central business district of Sunfield , in Eaton County , Michigan , United States .
Deekshabhoomi is situated in Nagpur , Maharashtra , a location regarded as a pilgrimage center of Buddhism in India .
Kokkupalem is a small village near Mallam , Nellore district , Andhra Pradesh state , India .
Bacon Glacier is a glacier in Juneau City and Borough , Alaska , US , close to the Canadian border .
Hasanabad - e Bam Furd ( Persian : حسن ابادبمفورد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Bam Fūrd ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Chigorodó ( Spanish pronunciation : ( tʃiɣoɾoˈðo ) ) is a municipality in Antioquia Department , Colombia .
The Raft River Mountains are a mountain range in northern Box Elder County , Utah , United States .
Stretford ( pop . 37,500 ) is a town in Trafford , Greater Manchester , England .
Springton Manor Farm is a historic farm and national historic district located in Wallace Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
The court opened on 22 September 2011 as a replacement for the City of Westminster Magistrates ' Court .
Eschelbronn is a village with 2,597 inhabitants in the Rhein - Neckar district of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Omni Bedford Springs Resort is a resort hotel outside of Bedford , Pennsylvania .
Knottingley is a town within the metropolitan borough of the City of Wakefield in West Yorkshire , England on the River Aire and the A1 road .
The Rosamond Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert , in eastern Kern County , California .
Paineiras is a municipality in the Midwest of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais .
The William Hawk Cabin at 458 N. 3rd West , Salt Lake City , Utah , United States , is a `` Pennsylvania style '' log cabin that was built between 1848 and 1852 .
Tazehabad Kola ( Persian : تازه ابادكلا‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād Kolā ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Blankenhagen Castle ( German : Burg Blankenhagen ) was a lowland castle ( Niederungsburg ) , whose ruins are located by the River Aller near Grethem in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Ye College Inn is a nationally recognized historic building in Seattle , Washington .
WKVA is an oldies music formatted radio station in the Lewistown , Pennsylvania , market .
Pishkesh ( Persian : پيشكش‎ , also Romanized as Pīshkesh ) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Shan County or Shanxian is a county of Heze in the Chinese province of Shandong .
Ługi Wałeckie ( ˈwuɡi vaˈwɛt͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Karlsruhe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Bad Creek Hydroelectric Station is a pumped - storage hydroelectric power station located 8 miles ( 13 km ) north of Salem in Oconee County , South Carolina .
Rotowaro 's association football team was one of the strongest clubs in the Waikato Region in the 1920s and 1930s , reaching later rounds of the Chatham Cup on several occasions .
Kalrud ( Persian : كلرود‎ , also Romanized as Kalrūd ) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ybor City ( /ˈiːbɔr/ EE - bor ) is a historic neighborhood that includes the Ybor City Historic District in Tampa , Florida .
Biała Niżna ( ˈbʲawa ˈɲiʐna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grybów , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Bahirgachi Halt is a village and small railway station ( Halt ) in Nadia district of West Bengal , India .
Aberchalder ( Gaelic : Obar Chaladair ) is a small settlement and estate at the northern end of Loch Oich in the Scottish Highlands and is in the Highland council area of Scotland .
Buffalo Central Terminal is a former railroad station in Buffalo , New York .
Lake Lackawanna was created by the removal of fill material for the creation of Lubber Run Fill on the Lackawanna Cut - Off in northwest New Jersey , United States .
The John C. Campbell Folk School , also referred to as `` The Folk School '' is located near Brasstown , North Carolina along the Cherokee County and Clay line .
Hameh Ja ( Persian : همه جا‎ , also Romanized as Hameh Jā ) is a village in Asara Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Ulster House Hotel , formerly the Wellington Hotel , is located on Main Street in Pine Hill , New York , United States .
Bowdoin National Wildlife Refuge is a 15,551-acre ( 6,293 ha ) National Wildlife Refuge ( NWR ) located in the north - central region of the U.S. state of Montana .
Dzbańce - Osiedle ( ˈd͡zbaɲt͡sɛ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice , within Głubczyce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Gotherington is a small village north of Bishops Cleeve in Gloucestershire , England .
Campofelice di Roccella ( Sicilian : Campufilici di Ruccedda ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region of Sicily , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) southeast of Palermo .
Lake Beechey ( sometimes Beechey Lake ) is a lake in Kitikmeot , Nunavut , Canada .
The Donald and Sylvia McLaughlin Natural Reserve is a 7,050-acre ( 28.5 km2 ) University of California Natural Reserve System reserve in the Blue Ridge Berryessa Natural Area , in Napa and Lake counties of California .
Rivadeh ( Persian : ريواده‎ , also Romanized as Rīvādeh ) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District , Helali District , Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rhoads - Lorah House and Barn , also known as `` Five Springs Farm , '' is a historic home and barn located in Amity Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Dargu Jonubi ( Persian : درگوجنوبي‎ , also Romanized as Dargū Jonūbī ; also known as Dargoo and Darkū - ye Janūbī ) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Hornelen is a mountain in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Katajanokka Airport ( Finnish : Katajanokan lentosatama ) was the first airport in Finland , located in the Katajanokka neighbourhood in Helsinki .
Vision City ( Chinese : 萬景峯 ) is a residential high - rise development located in the Tsuen Wan district of the New Territories in Hong Kong .
Bulyea is a village in McKillop Rural Municipality No . 220 , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Miranova Place is an office / condominiums complex in Columbus , Ohio , consisting of Miranova Condominiums and Miranova Corporate Tower .
Włocin - Wieś ( ˈvwɔt͡ɕin ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Behbudi or Behboodi also known as Pabuto in Pukhto is a village in the Chachh region of Attock District , Northern Punjab , Pakistan .
The Gowanda Correctional Facility is a medium security prison for males located in Gowanda , New York , United States .
The Jack Hills are a range of hills in Mid West Western Australia .
The Hardin Village Site ( 15GP22 ) is a Fort Ancient culture Montour Phase archaeological site located on a terrace of the Ohio River near South Shore in Greenup County , Kentucky .
The Masonic Opera House , also known as the What Cheer Opera House , is a historic building located in What Cheer , Iowa , United States .
Lost McLeod Mine is a legend of a lost mine in the Northwest Territories of Canada .
The Loomis Homestead in Windsor , Connecticut , is one of the oldest timber - frame houses in America .
The Willi Willi National Park is a protected national park located on the North Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Columbus Towers or Torres de Colón is a highrise office building composed of twin towers located at the Plaza de Colón in Madrid , Spain .
The Poplar Hill Mansion is a historic U.S. mansion located at 117 Elizabeth Street , Salisbury , Maryland and is open to the public as a house museum .
Keçiören is a metropolitan district of Ankara Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey , a crowded district in the northern part of the city of Ankara .
The Wyperfeld , Big Desert and Ngarkat Important Bird Area comprises a 9743 km2 tract of semiarid mallee woodlands and shrublands in south - eastern Australia , straddling the border between the states of South Australia and Victoria .
Trenton Junction railway station in Trenton , Ontario , Canada , is an unstaffed station served by Via Rail trains running from Toronto to Ottawa and Montreal .
Faver ( German : Fafer ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) northeast of Trento .
Buckhurst Hill is an affluent suburban town in the Epping Forest district of Essex , England .
Oberschöneweide ( Upper Schöneweide ) is a German locality ( Ortsteil ) within the Berlin borough ( Bezirk ) of Treptow - Köpenick .
Christian Island is a large island in Georgian Bay close to the communities of Penetanguishene and Midland , Ontario .
Mostyn is a small village in Flintshire , Wales , and electoral ward lying on the estuary of the River Dee , located near the town of Holywell .
Anarak - e Sofla ( Persian : انارك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Anārak - e Soflá ; also known as Anārak and Anārak - e Avval ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Szczypkowice ( ʂt͡ʂɨpkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Zipkow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kajuluru is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India . It has a population of about 14000 persons living in around 3411 households .
Espy House , also known as David Espy House or Gen. Arthur St. Clair Office is a house in Bedford , Pennsylvania .
Karwosieki - Noskowice ( karvɔˈɕɛki nɔskɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ali Verdilu ( Persian : علي ورديلو‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Verdlū ; also known as Allāh Verdīlū ) is a village in Ojarud - e Sharqi Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 33 , in 8 families .
The Jawahar Planetarium is located in the city of Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Camlin Hotel is an historic hotel in downtown Seattle , Washington .
Pavoloch , also known as Pavolitsh in Yiddish , Pawolotsch in German , and Pawołocz in Polish , is a selo in Popilnia Raion , Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine .
Walkerton District Community School is a public K--12 school in Walkerton , Ontario , Canada .
Białężyce ( bjawɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Bilsenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Urho Kekkonen National Park ( Finnish : Urho Kekkosen kansallispuisto ) is a national park in Lapland , Finland , situated in area of municipalities of Savukoski , Sodankylä and Inari .
Coopers Rock State Forest is a 12,747-acre ( 52 km2 ) state forest in Monongalia and Preston counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
The Dream Center is a Pentecostal Christian Church mission located at 2301 Bellevue Avenue in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , two blocks west of Alvarado Street on the north side of the 101 Freeway .
The Maria Luisa Park ( Parque de María Luisa ) is a public park that stretches along the Guadalquivir River in Seville , Spain .
Agios Nikolaos metro station is on Athens Metro Line 1 .
Budzicz ( ˈbud͡ʑit͡ʂ ) ( German : Georgendorf ; until 1936 : Puditsch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Huis ter Nieuwburg or Huis ter Nieuburch ( `` House at New Borough '' ) was a palace in Rijswijk , Holland , Dutch Republic .
Edmondson - Westside High School is a public high school located in the southwest area known as Edmondson Village of Baltimore , Maryland .
Darband - e Dehowl ( Persian : دربنددهول‎ ) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Qaemabad - e Razzaqzadeh ( Persian : قايم ابادرزاق زاده‎ , also Romanized as Qā’emābād - e Razzāqzādeh ; also known as Qā’emābād , Ebrāhīmābād , Gha’em Abad , Qāimabad , and Qāyemābād ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Shib Deh ( Persian : شيب ده‎ , also Romanized as Shīb Deh ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Nedumkandam is the headquarters of Udumbanchola taluk which is situated in Idukki district of the Indian state of Kerala .
Shesh Bahreh - ye Mianeh ( Persian : شش بهره ميانه‎ , also Romanized as Shesh Bahreh - ye Mīāneh ; also known as Shesh Bahreh - ye Aḩmadī ) is a village in Milas Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Qualla Boundary or The Qualla is territory held as a land trust for the federally recognized Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians , who reside in western North Carolina .
Caddo Hills High School ( CHHS ) is a nationally recognized public high school located in the rural community of Norman , Arkansas , United States .
The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre ( previously known as the Globe Theatre ) is a Broadway theatre located at 205 West 46th Street in midtown - Manhattan .
International Vedic Hindu University ( formerly Hindu University of America ) is a U.S. non - profit educational institution based in Orlando , Florida .
Vashon Island High School ( VHS ) is a public high school located on Vashon Island , Washington .
Hamvar Kandi ( Persian : همواركندي‎ , also Romanized as Hamvār Kandī ; also known as Hāmār Kandī ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Budy Kaleńskie ( ˈbudɨ kaˈlɛɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chipstable is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated beside Heydon Hill 10 miles ( 16.1 km ) west of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
Seminole Heights is a historic neighborhood and district located in central Tampa .
Nethertown is a small village in Cumbria , England on the Irish Sea coast .
Sharpham is a village and civil parish on the Somerset Levels near Street and Glastonbury in the Mendip district of Somerset , England .
Wilbarger County Airport ( IATA : WIB , FAA LID : F05 ) is a county owned , public use airport in Wilbarger County , Texas , United States .
Sumve , Tanzania is located in the Kwimba District of the Mwanza Region , at 2 ° 44′50``S 33 ° 13′40''E. Sumve 's residents are predominantly from the Wasukuma tribe , the largest in Tanzania , but some of Sumve 's institutions employ Wahaya , Wajita , Wakerewe , Wanyamwezi and others from neighboring tribes .
Shenbei New Area ( simplified Chinese : 沈北新区 ; traditional Chinese : 沈北新區 ; pinyin : Shěnběi Xīn Qū ) is a development zone and one of nine districts of Shenyang , the capital of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China , and forms part of the northern suburbs .
The Browns Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located near Tacoma on Browns Point at the east entrance to Puget Sound 's Commencement Bay , Pierce County , Washington .
Ayask ( Persian : آيسك‎ , also Romanized as Āysak ; also known as Ayāz and Aiāz ) is a city in the Central District of Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Andrews Glacier is an alpine glacier in a cirque below Otis Peak ( 12,486 ft ( 3,806 m ) ) in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado .
Horodnianka - Kolonia ( xɔrɔdˈɲanka kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The George F. Lee Octagon Houses were built by farmer and carpenter George F. Lee south of Nebraska City , Nebraska near the Missouri River .
The Little Bay Bridge is a twin - span girder bridge that carries a concurrency of U.S. Route 4 , NH Route 16 , and the Spaulding Turnpike across the mouth of Little Bay , where it meets the Piscataqua River , between the city of Dover and the town of Newington in New Hampshire .
Puente Don Manuel is a hamlet in the municipality of Alcaucín in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain .
Krowica Lasowa ( krɔˈvʲit͡sa laˈsɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Коровиця Лісова , Korovytsia Lisova ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Beachwood Place is an upscale shopping mall located in Beachwood , Ohio , a Greater Cleveland suburb .
Dorlewadi is a village of Baramati taluka , Pune district , Maharashtra , India .
Ułtowo ( uu̯ˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kawle Dolne ( ˈkavlɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
San Sali ( Thai : สันสลี ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Wiang Pa Pao District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
The Beaver Kill , sometimes written as the Beaverkill or Beaverkill River , is a tributary of the East Branch of the Delaware River , approximately 44 miles ( 71 km ) long , in the U.S. State of New York .
250 Vesey Street , formerly Four World Financial Center , is a part of the Brookfield Place complex in Lower Manhattan , which houses the international headquarters of Merrill Lynch .
Big Cedar Baptist Church and Burying Ground is located on Big Cedar Creek Road , between the road to Reily and the Oxford Pike , in Springfield Township , Franklin County , Indiana .
Saxlingham Nethergate is a village and civil parish in Norfolk , England , about 9.5 miles ( 15 km ) south of Norwich .
Hooglandse Kerk is a Gothic church in Leiden dating from the fifteenth century .
Chuladeh ( Persian : چولاده‎ , also Romanized as Chūlādeh ) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Ford Warehouse , also known as the Simon Brothers Building , is located at 1024 Dodge Street in Downtown Omaha , Nebraska .
The Emma Silver Mine is a currently inactive silver mine near Alta , Utah , in the United States .
Namanlu ( Persian : نامانلو‎ , also Romanized as Nāmānlū ) is a village in Jirestan Rural District , Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Akköse is a village in the Dernekpazarı district of Trabzon Province , Turkey , close to the town of Trabzon .
Grand Lake St. Marys Seaplane Base ( FAA LID : O12 ) is a public use seaplane base located five nautical miles ( 9 km ) southwest of the central business district of St. Marys , a city in Auglaize County , Ohio , United States .
St Michael on the Mount Without is a church on St Michael 's Hill in Bristol , England , near the University .
Pańskie Łąki ( ˈpaɲskʲɛ ˈwɔnki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ciboušov ( Ger . Zibich ) is a small settlement near Klášterec nad Ohří ( and is officially part of that town ) .
Arjuyeh ( Persian : ارجويه‎ , also Romanized as Ārjūyeh ; also known as Argū and Ārgū ) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Nebling is a small village in the municipality of Untergriesbach in the District of Passau in Lower Bavaria , Germany .
Al - Hamadaniah Sports Arena ( Arabic : صالة الحمدانية الرياضية‎ ) is an indoor sports hall in Aleppo , Syria .
Górka Lubartowska ( ˈɡurka lubarˈtɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kowalów Dolny ( kɔˈvaluf ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Heathwood Hall Episcopal School , Heathwood Hall , or simply Heathwood is an independent coeducational college preparatory school in Columbia , South Carolina .
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport ( IATA : PIA , ICAO : KPIA , FAA LID : PIA ) is a civil / military public airport five miles west of Peoria , in Peoria County , Illinois .
The Beverly Hills Hotel , also called The Beverly Hills Hotel and Bungalows , is located on Sunset Boulevard in Beverly Hills , California .
Gosie Małe ( ˈɡɔɕɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Club of Odd Volumes is a private social club and society of bibliophiles founded in 1887 , in Boston , Massachusetts .
Ganjdan ( Persian : گنج دان‎ , also Romanized as Ganjdān ) is a village in Milanlu Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Chung Cheng Aviation Museum ( Chinese : 中正航空科學館 ; pinyin : Zhōngzhèng Hángkōng Kēxuéguǎn ) was an aviation museum located at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport in Dayuan Township , Taoyuan County ( now Dayuan District , Taoyuan City ) , Taiwan .
Medle is a locality situated in Skellefteå Municipality , Västerbotten County , Sweden with 552 inhabitants in 2010 .
Dworcowy ( dvɔrˈt͡sɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegosławice , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
North Shore Studios is a film company located in the city of North Vancouver , British Columbia .
Kareh Meydan ( Persian : كره ميدان‎ , also Romanized as Kareh Meydān ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Maksymowszczyzna ( maksɨmɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) ( Ukrainian : Максимівщина , Maksymivshchyna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Chet Anderson Stadium is the stadium at Bemidji State University in Bemidji , Minnesota .
Monbijou Palace was a Rococo palace in central Berlin located in the present - day Monbijou Park on the north bank of the Spree river across from today 's Bode Museum and within sight of the Hohenzollern city palace .
Dr. Samuel Guthrie House is a historic home located at Hounsfield in Jefferson County , New York .
Benedict College is a historically black , liberal arts college located in Columbia , South Carolina .
Wasatch - Cache National Forest is a United States National Forest located primarily in northern Utah ( 81.23 % ) , with smaller parts extending into southeastern Idaho ( 16.42 % ) and southwestern Wyoming ( 2.35 % ) .
The CFSB Center is an 8,600 seat arena located in Murray , Kentucky near the intersection of Ky.
Santa Venerina ( Sicilian : Santa Vinirina ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily , located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) southeast of Palermo and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northeast of Catania .
Haskell 's Bloomfield Villa , also known as the Humphreys House , is located in Montclair , Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
The Wupperman Block / I.O.O.F. Hall is located just north of downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States .
The Nashua Street Jail , also known as the Suffolk County Jail is a jail located in Boston , Massachusetts .
Hinton Parva is a hamlet and civil parish in east Dorset , England , three miles north of Wimborne Minster .
Gorna Gorica ( Macedonian : Горна Горица ) , previously officially known as Goricë e Madhe , is a village in the Pustec Municipality of the Korçë County in Albania .
CHOX - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a francophone adult contemporary format at 97.5 FM in La Pocatière , Quebec .
Nowy Kębłów ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɛmbwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Byrakur is a village in Mulbagal Taluk , Kolar district in Karnataka state , India .
Ambridge Mann , sometimes called Ambridge - Horace Mann or Horace Mann - Ambridge , is a neighborhood in northwestern Gary , Indiana .
Trzebicz - Młyn ( ˈtʂɛbit͡ʂ ˈmwɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Spędoszyn - Kolonia ( spɛnˈdɔʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Farnam Mansion is a 19th - century mansion in the city of Oneida , which is located in Central New York State midway between the cities of Syracuse and Utica .
Silivri is a city and a district in Istanbul Province along the Sea of Marmara in Turkey , outside metropolitan Istanbul , containing many holiday and weekend homes for residents of the city .
Crane Creek Regional Park is a regional park east of Rohnert Park , California , U.S.A. which is maintained by the Sonoma County Regional Parks Department .
Damaramadugu is an agricultural village located in Buchireddipalem mandal of Nellore district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Giuseppe Verdi Monument is a sculpture in honor of composer Giuseppe Verdi located in Verdi Square Park in Manhattan , New York City .
The Franco - manitoban School Division ( French : Division scolaire franco - manitobaine ) is a school division in Manitoba , Canada offering French - language education to its students .
Middle Tennessee State University , commonly abbreviated as MTSU or MT , is a comprehensive coeducational public university in Murfreesboro , Tennessee .
Llanigon is a village in Powys , Wales on the edge of the Brecon Beacons National Park , north of the Black Mountains , Wales .
Hammer Lake is a hammer - shaped lake in Ontario , Canada located between White River and Wawa .
South Egan Range Wilderness is a 67,214-acre ( 27,201 ha ) wilderness area in Lincoln , White Pine , and Nye Counties in the U.S. state of Nevada .
The San Antonio Rose Palace is a 4,500-seat multi - purpose arena in the Leon Springs area of San Antonio , Texas .
Ouimet Canyon is a large gorge in the municipality of Dorion , Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario , Canada , about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of the city of Thunder Bay .
Siwani is a city and a municipal committee in Bhiwani district in the north Indian state of Haryana .
Bellebranche Abbey ( French : Abbaye de Bellebranche ) is a former Cistercian monastery located in Saint - Brice , Mayenne , France , founded in 1152 and suppressed during the French Revolution .
Shamsabad - e Yek ( Persian : شمس آباد1‎ , also Romanized as Shamsābād - e Yek ; also known as Shamsābād ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Frank Buck Zoo is a small zoo originally founded in 1930 and located in the 30 acres ( 12.1 ha ) Leonard Park in Gainesville , Texas , USA .
Estadio del Ejército , officially Estadio Coronel Guillermo Reyes Gramajo is a football stadium located in Guatemala City , the capital of Guatemala .
Muscle Shoals Sound Studio was formed in Sheffield , Alabama , in 1969 when a group of four session musicians called The Swampers decided to leave the nearby FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals to create their own recording set - up .
The Eilan , also known as `` Eilean Bheannchair '' , in Scots Gaelic , is a shinty stadium in the town of Newtonmore , Scotland .
Until 1964 , Louveciennes belonged to the former Seine - et - Oise département .
Northridge Hospital Medical Center is a hospital in the Northridge district of Los Angeles , California , USA .
Qarqin District is a small boundary district in the northern part of Jowzjan Province , Afghanistan .
Rakhi , Nepal is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern - central Nepal .
The Eureka Marsh ( previously known as the Palco Marsh ) is an area adjacent to the Humboldt Bay located on the coast of the Pacific Ocean in Humboldt County , California .
The Argonaut Building , renamed in 2009 the A. Alfred Taubman Center for Design Education ( originally the Argonaut , or General Motors Research Laboratory ) , is a large office building located at 485 West Milwaukee Avenue in the New Center area of Detroit , Michigan , across the street from Cadillac Place .
The Scharf - Gerstenberg Collection ( German : Sammlung Scharf - Gerstenberg ) is an art museum in Berlin .
The Spenceville Wildlife Area is an 11,448-acre ( 46.33 km2 ) wildlife preserve managed by the California Department of Fish and Game .
Patagonia Lake State Park is a state park of Arizona , USA , containing Patagonia Lake .
Vanimal or Vanimel is a village and a Grama Panchayath in the north of Kozhikode district , Kerala , India .
Les Murakami Stadium is the baseball stadium at the University of Hawaii at Manoa in Honolulu CDP , City and County of Honolulu , Hawaii , United States .
Mahurzan ( Persian : ماهورزان‎ , also Romanized as Māhūrzān ; also known as Māhūrestān ) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Ningaloo Station is a sheep station located in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) North of Coral Bay .
Mezzanego ( Ligurian : Mezànego ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 miles ) east of Genoa .
Narangi is a village in the city of Virar , in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Kuch Tappeh ( Persian : كوچ تپه‎ , also Romanized as Kūch Tappeh ) is a village in Khararud Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Ouachita Baptist University ( OBU ) is a private , liberal arts , undergraduate institution located in Arkadelphia , Arkansas , which is about 65 miles southwest of Little Rock .
Reinhardt Canyon is located in the Lakeview Mountains , just west of Hemet in western Riverside County , California .
Bazna ( German : Baaßen ; Transylvanian Saxon dialect : Baußen ; Hungarian : Bázna ) is a commune located in Sibiu County , Romania .
Eisenhower House , formerly known as the Commandant 's Residence or Quarters Number One of Fort Adams , is a historic house that is part of Fort Adams State Park in Newport , Rhode Island .
The Fenelon Place Elevator is a 3 ft ( 914 mm ) narrow gauge funicular railway located in Dubuque , Iowa .
WREB is a radio station licensed to Greencastle , Indiana , broadcasting at 94.3 MHz in FM .
Deh Sefid Karim ( Persian : ده سفيدكريم‎ , also Romanized as Deh Sefīd Karīm ; also known as Deh Sefīd ) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Tour de Capitello ( Corsican : Torra di Capiteddu ) is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Grosseto - Prugna ( Corse - du - Sud ) on the coast of the French island of Corsica .
The Strawberry Mansion Bridge is a steel arch truss bridge across the Schuylkill River in Fairmount Park in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Harris Academy Bromley is a secondary school located in North Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley .
Belper is a town and civil parish in the local government district of Amber Valley in Derbyshire , England .
One Nationwide Plaza is a 40-story skyscraper in Columbus , Ohio that serves as the corporate office headquarters of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company .
Singanna Palem is a village of India , located in the Prakasam District of Andhra Pradesh .
South Caldwell High School ( SCHS ) is located at the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains in Hudson , North Carolina .
Warwick Furnace Farms is a historic district in northern Chester County , Pennsylvania that includes the ruins of an early iron furnace , the ironmaster 's house and workers ' houses , as well as a historic farm house and barns now used in the operation of a working farm .
Tashto ( Persian : تشتو‎‎ , also Romanized as Tashtū ) is a village in Kukherd Rural District , Kukherd District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
North Star Academy Charter School of Newark is a charter school located in Newark , New Jersey , in Essex County , New Jersey , United States , that educates students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade .
Trzek ( tʂɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dehzir - e Dudera ( Persian : ده زيردودرائ‎ , also Romanized as Dehzīr - e Dūderā '' ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
After Amager Gate was dismantled in 1857 and the fortifications were decommissioned , the northernmost part of Amager say increasing development and in 1902 the area was incorporated into Copenhagen Municipality and the name was changed to Amagerbrogade .
Linkinhorne ( in Cornish Lanngynhorn ) is a civil parish and village in southeast Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Gravelly Range , highest peak Black Butte , el . 10,542 feet ( 3,213 m ) , is a mountain range southwest of Cameron , Montana in Madison County , Montana .
Woolloongabba busway station is proposed to connect to an underground railway station in the Queensland Government 's Cross River Rail project .
Gulladurthy is a village located in Koilkuntla mandal of Kurnool district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Melnariyappanur is a village panchayat located near Chinnasalem , in Kallakurichi Taluk of Villupuram District , Tamil Nadu .
WHTS ( 105.3 FM ) , licensed to Coopersville , Michigan , is a Top 40 ( CHR ) radio station in the Grand Rapids , Michigan market .
De Langeleegte ( Dutch pronunciation : ( də ˈlɑ.ŋə.ˌleɪ̯χ.tə ) ) is a multi - use stadium in Veendam , Netherlands .
Garichtisee is a reservoir on Mettmenalp above Schwanden in the Canton of Glarus , Switzerland .
Bowen Court is a bungalow court located at 539 E. Villa St. in Pasadena , Los Angeles County , California .
Surmaq ( Persian : سورمق‎ , also Romanized as Sūrmaq ; also known as Soormagh and Sūrmak ) is a city in the Central District of Abadeh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Foggy Bottom is one of the oldest late 18th and 19th - century neighborhoods in Washington , D.C. Foggy Bottom is west of downtown Washington , in the Northwest quadrant , bounded roughly by 17th Street to the east , Rock Creek Parkway to the west , Constitution Avenue to the south , and Pennsylvania Avenue to the north .
KHAR is a commercial sports radio station in Anchorage , Alaska , broadcasting on 590 AM .
Beznazwa ( bɛzˈnazva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Burnmoor Tarn , on Eskdale Fell in Cumbria , England , is one of the largest entirely natural tarns in the Lake District .
Milton Courts was a tennis venue located in Milton , Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Timsgarry ( Scottish Gaelic : Tuimisgearraidh ) is a village on the Isle of Lewis , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company Warehouse was a warehouse once owned by The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company in Jersey City , Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Eslamabad - e Nazmakan ( Persian : اسلام ابادنازمكان‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Nāzmakān ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Boyer Ahmad - e Garmsiri Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Quarry Visitor Center , in Dinosaur National Monument in Utah was built as part of the National Park Service 's Mission 66 program of modern architectural design in the US national parks .
Tazehabad - e Chaf ( Persian : تازه ابادچاف‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Chāf ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Chaf Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lakeview College of Nursing is a private non - profit nursing college located in Danville , Illinois , USA .
Pendas Fields is a private , suburban housing estate in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Koch Drug Store is a historic building located in the central part of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Russell Millpond , also known as Russell Mill Pond , is a 42-acre ( 170,000 m2 ) pond in the Chiltonville village of Plymouth , Massachusetts , United States .
Suladale or Suledale ( Scottish Gaelic : Sùladal ) is a small mixed crofting hamlet of less than a dozen houses , located near Edinbane , on the north of the island of Skye , in the Highlands of Scotland and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Gravina Island is an island in the Gravina Islands of the Alexander Archipelago in southeastern Alaska .
The Aurora Regional Fire Museum is a non - profit , tax exempt , educational institution located in Aurora , Illinois , USA .
Nieuw - Beerta ( Dutch pronunciation : ( niu ˈbɪːrtaː ) ) is a village with a population of 120 in the municipality of Oldambt in the east of the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands .
Thomas Coats Memorial Baptist Church , colloquially known as the Baptist Cathedral of Europe , stands at the east end of the High Street in Paisley , Scotland .
Copper Mine Gulch is a valley in Marin County , California , United States , which is associated with a small stream .
Keezhapavur ( Keelapavoor- கீழப்பாவூர் ) is a panchayat town in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Honifaqan ( Persian : حنيفقان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩonīfaqān and Ḩanīfqān ; also known as Ḩownīfaqān and Khonīfaqān ) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Marquette County Airport ( IATA : MQT , ICAO : KMQT , FAA LID : MQT ) is a former airport in Negaunee , Michigan .
Advanced Training , also known as Advanced Training Associates , is a private college that is located in El Cajon , California .
The Mount Roberts Tramway is an aerial tramway located just south of downtown Juneau in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Belk Gymnasium , known informally as The Mine Shaft , is a gymnasium on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Sheykh Taleb ( Persian : شيخ طالب‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Ţāleb ; also known as Ţāleb ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The `` Orpheion '' , also known as the Orpheion Theater , is a traditional outdoor Greek hillside theater on the Irving , Texas , campus of the University of Dallas .
Deerock Lake is a lake in the Moira River in Tweed , Hastings County and Addington Highlands , Lennox and Addington County in Ontario , Canada .
Hezar Khal ( Persian : هزارخال‎ , also Romanized as Hezār Khāl ) is a village in Tavabe - e Kojur Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Puruchuco is an archaeological site in Peru that was an administrative center of the Inca period ( 1440 - -1532 ) , located in the Ate District , in Lima .
Mehr Khowshan ( Persian : مهرخوشان‎ , also Romanized as Mehr Khowshān ; also known as Mahr Rakhshān , Mahr Rakshān , Mehr Bakhshān , Mehr Jūshān , Mehr Rakhshān , and Mehr Rākīshān ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Tuileries Palace ( French : Palais des Tuileries , IPA : ( palɛ de tɥilʁi ) ) was a royal and imperial palace in Paris which stood on the right bank of the River Seine .
Harzeh Varz ( Persian : هرزه ورز‎ , also Romanized as Harzehvarz ) is a village in Khanamrud Rural District , in the Central District of Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Casas Adobes Plaza is an upscale shopping mall located at the southwest corner of North Oracle Road and East Ina Road in Casas Adobes , Arizona ( USA ) , just northwest of Tucson .
Bönnigheim is a town in the German administrative district ( Kreis ) of Ludwigsburg which lies at the edge of the areas known as Stromberg and Zabergäu .
Żychckie Osady ( ˈʐɨxt͡skʲɛ ɔˈsadɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vukašinovac ( Serbian : Вукашиновац ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac , Serbia .
Zelenograd ( Russian : Зеленоград ; IPA : ( zʲɪlʲɪnɐˈgrat ) , lit . green city ) is a city which , along with the territories and settlements under its jurisdiction , forms one of the administrative okrugs of Moscow - Zelenogradsky Administrative Okrug ( ZelAO ) .
Tak - e Kharu ( Persian : تك خارو‎ , also Romanized as Tak - e Khārū ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Museum London is an art and history museum located in London , Ontario , Canada , and for more than 70 years has preserved , interpreted and shared the story of London and Londoners .
In contrast to other rivers of the Vosges , the Jamagne is unique in flowing from southwest to northeast .
Sarab - e Shahbaz ( Persian : سراب شهباز‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Shahbāz ; also known as Sarāb - e Shahnāz ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Herscheid is a municipality in the southern Märkischer Kreis , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Inverarity is a village in Angus , Scotland , UK , on the A90 , 6 miles from Forfar , and 7 miles from Dundee .
Kuh - e Khunu ( Persian : كوه خونو‎ , also Romanized as Kūh - e Khūnū ; also known as Kūh - e Khūnūyeh ) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pławiska ( pwaˈviska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków , within Międzychód County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Butler County Airport ( IATA : BTP , ICAO : KBTP , FAA LID : BTP ) , also known as K. W. Scholter Field , is a public airport 5 miles ( 8 km ) southwest of the central business district of Butler , the county seat of Butler County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Pirlar - e Sofla ( Persian : پيرلرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Pīrlar - e Soflá ; also known as Pīrlar - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Terril Mountains are located in west - central Nevada in the United States .
Tresoweshill is a hamlet in the civil parish of Breage in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Jarbidge Peak is the second highest mountain in the Jarbidge Mountains of northern Elko County , Nevada , United States .
Czarmuń ( pronounced ( ˈt͡ʂarmuɲ ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork , within Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Pine Grove Community Church is a historic non - denominational , Christian chapel located at Pine Grove in Lewis County , New York .
Racibórz County ( Polish : powiat raciborski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland , on the Czech border .
Captains Flat is a town in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia , in Palerang Shire .
Piryaloi is a small town in Khairpur District , Sindh , Pakistan . The town is located on left bank of Indus River near Sukkur Barrage .
Jules ' Undersea Lodge is an American hotel located in Key Largo , Florida and is the only underwater hotel in the United States .
Charles F. Berman Field is a multi - use stadium in Ithaca , New York on the campus of Cornell University .
Larzian ( Persian : لرزيان‎ , also Romanized as Larzīān ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Nehshahr ( Persian : نهشهر‎ , also known as Nashhar , Nehsār , Nehshar , and Neshahr ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Severn Stoke is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the south of the county of Worcestershire , England , lying beside the A38 road .
St Mawes Castle ( Cornish : Kastel Lannvowsedh ) is an artillery fort constructed by Henry VIII near Falmouth , Cornwall , between 1540 and 1542 .
Chub Tarashan ( Persian : چوبتراشان‎ , also Romanized as Chūb Tarāshān ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Salinas River National Wildlife Refuge is located approximately 11 miles north of Monterey , California and 3 miles south of Castroville , California at the point where the Salinas River empties into Monterey Bay .
Kipichy ( kiˈpixɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Ottendorfer Public Library and Stuyvesant Polyclinic Hospital are two adjoining historic buildings located at 135 and 137 2nd Avenue in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Schothorst is the second largest district by population in the Dutch city of Amersfoort .
Feltham ( /ˈfɛltəm/ ) is a suburban town in the London Borough of Hounslow , West London , 13.5 miles ( 21.7 km ) west south west of central London and 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) south of Heathrow Airport .
Sang Cheshmeh - ye Do ( Persian : سنگ چشمه 2‎ ; also known as Sang Cheshmeh - ye Shomāreh Do ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Rowan Hall ( Miami University ) in Oxford , Ohio is a building owned and operated for miscellaneous purposes by Miami University , primarily Craftsummer .
Rams Head Live ! is an indoor music venue , club , and bar located in Baltimore , Maryland .
Smithsburg High School was constructed in 1965 on 66 North Main Street in the town of Smithsburg , Maryland , United States .
The Moeszinger - Marquis Hardware Co. is an historic building located in Clinton , Iowa , United States .
Ulzburg Süd station is a hub on the AKN Eisenbahn network in the municipality of Henstedt - Ulzburg in the German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Truesdale Hospital is a historic former hospital building located at 1820 Highland Avenue in Fall River , Massachusetts .
The Muskrat Dam Lake First Nation is an Oji - Cree First Nation band government in Northern Ontario .
Hillsboro Symphony Orchestra ( HSO ) is an amateur orchestra based in Hillsboro in the Portland metropolitan area of the U.S. state of Oregon .
Barrinha is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil founded on December 30 , 1953 .
Raiganj Pron:ˈraɪˌgʌnʤ ) ( Bengali : রায়গঞ্জ ) is a city and a municipality in Uttar Dinajpur district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Open University is a public institution of higher learning in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Skorzęcin - Nadleśnictwo ( skɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin nadlɛɕˈnit͡stfɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Algo Centre Mall ( legally Eastwood Mall since 2005 but almost never referred to as such ) was a mall and hotel located in the middle of Elliot Lake , Ontario 's commercial district on Highway 108 .
Nagahoribashi Station(長堀橋駅 , -eki ) is a railway station on the Osaka Municipal Subway in Chūō - ku , Osaka , Japan .
Solomon Wesley United Methodist Church is a historic church at 291-B Davistown Road / Asyla Road in the Blackwood section of Gloucester Township , Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
Tavandar ( Persian : توندر‎ , also Romanized as Avandar , Awandar , and Toondar ) is a village in Takab Rural District , Kuhsorkh District , Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sheikhsar ( Hindi : शेख़सर ) also known as Sukhchainpura , is a village in Lunkaransar tehsil of Bikaner district in Rajasthan , India .
KZGO ( 95.3 FM ) is a Rhythmic Top 40 radio station licensed to St. Paul , Minnesota , serving the Twin Cities area .
Hollywood Casino at Charles Town Races is a race track and casino just outside the eastern city limits of Charles Town , West Virginia , owned by Gaming and Leisure Properties and operated by Penn National Gaming .
Basse - Terre 1st Canton is a former canton in the Arrondissement of Basse - Terre on the island of Guadeloupe .
Jing'an District , is one of the central districts of Shanghai .
Bieździadka ( bjɛʑˈd͡ʑatka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczyce , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Bærum ( listen ) is a municipality in Akershus county , Norway .
The Bernhard Warkentin Homestead , also known as Little River Stock Farm or Warkentin Farm , is a historic farm complex on East North Street in Halstead , Kansas .
Owksar ( Persian : اوكسر‎ ) is a village in Saheli Rural District , in the Central District of Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Connaught Village is a commercial and residential area just west of Marble Arch and just north of Hyde Park within the City of Westminster , London .
Chislehurst and Sidcup Grammar School is a mixed - sex grammar school with academy status located in Hurst Road ( A222 ) , Sidcup in the London Borough of Bexley , England .
Green Quarter Fell is an upland area in the east of the English Lake District , near Kentmere village , Cumbria .
Acorn Hall is an 1853 Victorian Italianate mansion located in Morristown , Morris County , New Jersey , United States , that is on the National Register of Historic Places .
Camposanto is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia - Romagna , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Bologna and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northeast of Modena on the Panaro river .
The Curecanti Needle is a 700-ft granite spire located on the Gunnison River in western Colorado .
Florinas ( Sardinian : Fiolìnas ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southeast of Sassari .
Hampden Row is a historic hamlet in the Chiltern Hills of Buckinghamshire , England .
Bardeh Bal ( Persian : برده بل‎ ; also known as Bardbal ) is a village in Shabab Rural District , in the Shabab District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Hôtel de Charost is a hôtel particulier located at 39 rue du Faubourg Saint - Honoré in Paris .
Chahar Meh ( Persian : چهارمه‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Meh ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Ben Macdui lies on the southern edge of the Cairn Gorm plateau , on the boundary between Aberdeenshire and Moray .
The Lee , Higginson & Company Bank Building is a historic bank building located in Lower Manhattan in New York City .
White Ladies Aston is a village in Worcestershire , England , United Kingdom , and also lends its name to the Civil Parish in which the village is located .
Aundorach ( Scottish Gaelic : ) is a settlement one mile south of Loch Garten in Badenoch and Strathspey , Highland , Scotland .
The Saco River is a river in northeastern New Hampshire and southwestern Maine in the United States .
One Financial Center is a modern skyscraper adjacent to Dewey Square in the Financial District of Boston , Massachusetts .
Mansfield Airport , ( TC LID : CPV4 ) , is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) south southeast of Mansfield , Ontario , Canada .
Sillavengo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) northwest of Novara .
Milpitas Grammar School , now part of the Milpitas Library , is an educational building in Milpitas , California .
Breteil ( Breton : Brezhiel ) is a commune in the department of Ille - et - Vilaine in Brittany .
Camp Wallace was a facility of the United States Army located near the unincorporated town of Grove in southeastern James City County in the Virginia Peninsula portion of the Hampton Roads region of Virginia in the United States .
Maqsud Beyk ( Persian : مقصودبيك‎ , also Romanized as Maqşūd Beyk ; also known as Magşūd Beyk and Maqsūd Begi ) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shahreza County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Barkcamp State Park is a state park located in Belmont County , Ohio , United States , near the village of Belmont .
Hajjian ( Persian : حاجيان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīān and Hājīān ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Huayin is a county - level city in Weinan , Shaanxi , China .
Josephine City School is a historic school building for African - American children located at Berryville , Clarke County , Virginia .
Hendileh ( Persian : هنديله‎ , also Romanized as Hendīleh ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Zalaqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Chempu ( SH-15 , Kochi - Kumarakom road ) is a village near Vaikom in Kottayam , Kerala , India .
Jenners Department Store , now known simply as Jenners , is a department store located in Edinburgh , Scotland , and was the oldest independent department store in Scotland until its acquisition by House of Fraser in 2005 .
Ryali is a village located in Atreyapuram mandal of East Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Ban Ramazan ( Persian : بان رمضان‎ , also Romanized as Bān Ramaẕān ) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Konankuppam is a small village situated in the Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu in India .
The Cass Building is a low - rise office building at 455 West Fort Street , at the southeast corner of First Street , in Detroit , Michigan .
The Children 's Aquarium at Fair Park is an aquarium located in Fair Park , Dallas , Texas , USA .
Lilong ( Thoubal ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Thoubal district in the Indian state of Manipur .
Tizuk ( Persian : تيزوك‎ , also Romanized as Tīzūk and Tizūk ; also known as Tīzak ) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District , in the Central District of Abarkuh County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Masonic Temple of Newport Lodge No . 445 F. & A.M. is a historic building located in Newport in Herkimer County , New York .
Guía de Isora is a municipality in the western part of the island of Tenerife , one of the Canary Islands , and part of the Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife .
Sygneczów ( sɨɡˈnɛt͡ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka , within Wieliczka County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Lake Ibsen is a small lake near Leeds in Benson County , North Dakota .
Mount Misery Brook is a tributary of Greenwood Branch in the southern New Jersey Pine Barrens in the United States .
Original Joe 's is a pair of restaurants in Downtown San Jose , California and the North Beach neighborhood of San Francisco .
Washburn University ( WU ) is a co - educational , public institution of higher learning in Topeka , Kansas , United States .
Ehmen is a village in Lower Saxony located outside of Wolfsburg , Germany with a population of approximately 4,285 .
Easton State Airport ( IATA : ESW , ICAO : KESW , FAA LID : ESW ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) north of the central business district of Easton , in Kittitas County , Washington , United States .
Yewta ( येवता ) is a small village within Kaij taluka ( tehsil ) , Beed district , India .
Kuzki ( ˈkuski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Mali Šenj ( Serbian : Мали Шењ ) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom , Serbia .
Dysart Woods is the largest remaining tract of old growth forest in southeastern Ohio .
Ozbekuy - e Qadim ( Persian : ازبكوي قديم‎ , also Romanized as Ozbekūy - e Qadīm ; also known as Ozbekūh ) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Comberton is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire , England , just east of the Prime Meridian .
Schnarcherklippen is the name of a rock formation ( up to 671 m above sea level ) south of the village of Schierke in the High Harz mountains of Saxony - Anhalt in central Germany .
Meleh - ye Posht - e Sar Takht ( Persian : مله پشت سرتخت‎‎ , also known as Posht Melleh - ye Sar Takht ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Qolqol Rud District ( Persian : بخش قلقل‌رود‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Bolkheyri ( Persian : بل خيري‎ , also Romanized as Bolkheyrī ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Petawawa is the most populous municipality in Renfrew County .
Gol Babakan ( Persian : گل باباكان‎ , also Romanized as Gol Bābākān and Gol Bābakān ; also known as Golpāyegān ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bardeh Kish ( Persian : برده كيش‎ , also Romanized as Bardeh Kīsh ; also known as Bardeh Kesh and Bardkīsh ) is a village in Dul Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Miedzna Drewniana ( ˈmjɛd͡zna drɛvˈɲana ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Brookline Town Green Historic District encompasses the historic colonial heart of the town of Brookline , Massachusetts .
Cheshmeh Baklu ( Persian : چشمه بكلو‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Baklū ; also known as Cheshmeh Baglū and Cheshmeh Bayglū ) is a village in Sornabad Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Museo Nazionale d'Abruzzo is hosted in the Forte Spagnolo of L'Aquila .
Tylers Green is a village in the civil parish of Chepping Wycombe , Buckinghamshire , England .
Mudval also spelled as Mudwal ( Kannada : ಮುದ್ವಾಳ ) is a village near Maski in the Lingasugur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Reawla is a hamlet in Penwith district ( Cornish : Pennwydh ) in Cornwall .
Sadłuki ( saˈdwuki ) ( German : Sadluken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Northern Cambria School District is a small , rural , public school district located in northwestern Cambria County in Pennsylvania .
Stade Chaban - Delmas is a sporting stadium located in the city of Bordeaux , France .
Hang Seng Management College ( Chinese : 恒生管理學院 ) is an Approved Post Secondary College in Hong Kong located in Siu Lek Yuen , Sha Tin , New Territories .
Mouding County ( 牟定县 ; pinyin : Móudìng Xiàn ) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture , Yunnan province , China .
The San Gorgonio Wilderness is located in the San Bernardino Mountains , 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north of Morongo Valley and approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) northwest of Palm Springs , California .
Huta - Strzelce ( ˈxuta ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin , within Grudziądz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Childs Valley is a valley in the Sonoran Desert of south - central Arizona northwest of Ajo .
Napasar is a town located in the Bikaner district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Lasser Park is a town park located in the hamlet of Salisbury Mills in the town of Blooming Grove in Orange County , New York , USA .
Skoraczewko ( skɔraˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno , within Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Groote Eylandt Airport ( IATA : GTE , ICAO : YGTE ) is an airport serving Groote Eylandt , an island in the Gulf of Carpentaria in Northern Territory , Australia .
Twin Butte is a hamlet in southern Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Pincher Creek No . 9 .
Hillbrook School is an independent , accredited , co - educational JK-8 day school in Los Gatos , California , founded in 1935 .
Namirowo ( namiˈrɔvɔ ) ( German : Klein Baumgarth ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hasanabad - e Kukul ( Persian : حسن ابادكوكول‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Kūkūl ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Simri Bakhtiarpur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 25 Khagaria ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Hat Creek Radio Observatory is located approximately 467 km ( 290 mi ) northeast of San Francisco , California at an elevation of 986 m ( 3235 ft ) above Sea Level in Hat Creek , California ( in Shasta County ) .
Sysłów ( ˈsɨswuf ) , German Syßlau is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek ( Gemeinde Oberglogau ) , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Sadat - e Bakhat Najat ( Persian : سادات بخات نجات‎ , also Romanized as Sādāt - e Bakhāt Najāt ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chhabra is a city and a municipality in Baran district in the state of Rajasthan , India , near to the border with Madhya Pradesh .
The Humboldt - Toiyabe National Forest ( HTNF ) is the principal U.S. National Forest in the U.S. state of Nevada , and has a smaller portion in Eastern California .
Budy - Jakubowice ( ˈbudɨ jakubɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Chinook Pass ( elevation 5430 ft./1656 m. ) is a pass through the Cascade Range in the state of Washington .
Butte Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : AK1 ) is a public - use airport located in Butte , Alaska .
Newport Center is a business , shopping , and entertainment district located on a high bluff overlooking Newport Harbor in Newport Beach , California .
The City of Port Augusta is a local government area located at the northern end of Spencer Gulf in South Australia .
The Rogue Regional Medical Center ( RRMC ; formerly Rogue Valley Memorial Hospital , Rogue Valley Medical Center , RVMC ) is a regional medical center run by Asante in Medford , Oregon , United States .
Khalia Gol ( Persian : خالياگل‎ , also Romanized as Khālīā Gol and Khālīāgol ; also known as Khālīkul ) is a village in Divshal Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Halukhani ( Persian : هالوخاني‎ , also Romanized as Hālūkhānī ) is a village in Ahandan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Edgwarebury Brook is a small stream in Edgware in the London Borough of Barnet .
CityPoint ( previously known as Britannic House and Britannic Tower ) is a skyscraper located on Ropemaker Street on the northern fringe of the City of London , the main financial district and historic nucleus of London .
Totma ( Russian : То́тьма ) is a town and the administrative center of Totemsky District in Vologda Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Sukhona River at its confluence with the Pesya Denga , 217 kilometers ( 135 mi ) northwest of Vologda , the administrative center of the oblast .
WWQQ - FM ( 101.3 FM ) is a Country music formatted radio station located in Wilmington , North Carolina .
Tyble ( ˈtɨblɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Oxbow Lake , located in Saint Paul , Virginia , offers the Saint Paul community a recreational area with walking and biking paths , a fishing area , and a picnic area .
Zawady - Borysówka ( zaˈvadɨ bɔrɨˈsufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Polków - Sagały ( ˈpɔlkuf saˈɡawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hebrew National Orphan Home ( HNOH ) was an orphanage in Manhattan in New York City .
The Fort des Têtes , also known as the Fort des Trois - Têtes , is a fortification in the vicinity of Briançon in the Dauphiné region of southeastern France .
Śmiarowo ( ɕmjaˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Asgariyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان عسگريه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Mammoth Valley is a depression in Southern Utah between Hatch and Duck Creek .
The Saddle Rock - Malibu AVA is an American Viticultural Area in the Santa Monica Mountains , within western Los Angeles County , California .
Villaperuccio , Sa Baronia in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Carbonia - Iglesias in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southwest of Cagliari and about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) southeast of Carbonia , in the lower Sulcis .
Fuessenich Park is a baseball field located in downtown Torrington , Connecticut , USA , with a capacity of 1,500 fans .
Whitehills is a small fishing village in Aberdeenshire , Scotland that lies three miles west of Banff on the Moray Firth .
Piersele ( pʲɛrˈsɛlɛ ) ( German : Perscheln ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Alqian ( Persian : القيان‎ , also Romanized as Alqīān ) is a village in Torkaman Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Schesaplana is the highest mountain in the Rätikon mountain range at the border between Vorarlberg , Austria and Graubuenden , Switzerland .
Wałachowo ( vawaˈxɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Boltaq ( Persian : بلطاق‎ , also Romanized as Bolţāq and Balţāq ; also known as Baltagh ) is a village in Karchambu - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Castleisland ( Irish : Oileán Ciarraí ) is a town and commercial centre in County Kerry in south west Ireland .
Pipton is a small settlement and former civil parish ( or community ) in Powys , Wales on the Afon Llynfi near its confluence with the River Wye .
Parchów ( ˈparxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów , within Polkowice County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Gilbertsville Academy and Collegiate Institute was a school located in Gilbertsville , New York .
Duńkowiczki ( duɲkɔˈvit͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orły , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Knínice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkɲiːɲɪtsɛ ) , German : Knönitz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Di Khur ( Persian : دي خور‎‎ , also Romanized as Dī Khūr ) is a village in Kukherd Rural District , Kukherd District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Schleissheim Palace ( German : Schloss Schleißheim ) actually comprises three palaces in a grand baroque park in the village of Oberschleißheim , a suburb of Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Sonipat district ( Hindi : सोनीपत ज़िला , Punjabi : ਸੋਨੀਪਤ ਜ਼ਿਲਾ ) is one of the 21 districts of Haryana state in northern India .
The Corner Packing Shed , in Frogmore , South Carolina , is a historic packing house on St. Helena Island that was built in 1930 .
Kooskia National Fish Hatchery is a `` mitigation '' hatchery located on the Clearwater River within the Nez Perce Indian Reservation near Kooskia , in north - central Idaho .
Dolfach is a village in Powys , Wales located on the main A470 road between Llanbrynmair & Talerddig .
The Pine Valley Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Utah spanning Washington County north of the city of St. George .
Okhli - ye Bala ( Persian : اوخلي بالا‎ , also Romanized as Okhlī - ye Bālā ) is a village in Daland Rural District , in the Central District of Ramian County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Sahauran is a village in Mohali district , Punjab , India , located on NH 21 .
Murray 's Sturgeon Shop is a gourmet store and neighborhood fixture in Manhattan 's Upper West Side .
Busto Garolfo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northwest of Milan .
Dawesville Channel ( also known as Dawesville Cut ) is a man - made channel between the Peel - Harvey Estuary and the Indian Ocean at Dawesville about 80 km south of Perth in Western Australia .
Ricketwil is a quarter and an hamlet with 91 inhabitants ( 2007 ) in the district 2 of Winterthur .
The Goetz Collection ( Sammlung Goetz ) is a private collection of contemporary art in Munich , Germany .
Lowlow ( Persian : لولو‎ , also Romanized as Low’low '' and Lo’lo '' ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dębniałki ( dɛmbˈɲau̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Telążna Leśna ( tɛˈlɔ̃ʐna ˈlɛɕna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Deh - e Zu ol Faqar Sarperi ( Persian : ده ذوالفقارسرپري‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Z̄ū ol Faqār Sarperī ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Round Rock High School is a 6A high school within the Round Rock Independent School District in Round Rock , Texas .
The Alfred Historic District is an historic district encompassing the historic village center of Alfred , Maine .
Wysokie Duże ( vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Laneh Shahi ( Persian : لانه شاهي‎ , also Romanized as Lūneh Shāhī ) is a village in Zaz - e Gharbi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Vrbaška ( Serbian : Врбашка ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vílanec ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈviːlanɛts ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Orlina Mała ( ɔrˈlina ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gizałki , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Liberty Monument is a historic monument located at Ticonderoga in Essex County , New York .
Deylam - e Jadid ( Persian : ديلم جديد‎ , also Romanized as Deylam - e Jadīd ) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Crooked Intention is a historic home in St. Michaels , Talbot County , Maryland , United States .
The Portland Japanese Garden is a traditional Japanese garden occupying 5.5 acres ( 22,000 m² ) , located within Washington Park in the West Hills of Portland , Oregon , USA .
Lareh Sabzi ( Persian : لره سبزي‎ , also Romanized as Lareh Sabzī ; also known as Lareh Sabzī - ye Gel Sorkheh and Darreh Sabzī ) is a village in Dowreh Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Texarkana Regional Airport ( IATA : TXK , ICAO : KTXK , FAA LID : TXK ) , also known as Webb Field , is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of Texarkana , a city in Miller County , Arkansas , United States .
Truszczanek ( truʂˈt͡ʂanɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pagachi - ye Markazi ( Persian : پاگچي مركزي‎ , also Romanized as Pāgachī - ye Markazī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chongor - e Saminvand ( Persian : چنگرسمينوند‎ , also Romanized as Chongor - e Samīnvand ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Abiquiu Dam is a dam on the Rio Chama , located about 60 miles ( 97 km ) northwest of Santa Fe in Rio Arriba County , New Mexico .
Buckland Filleigh is a village , civil parish and former manor in the Torridge district of North Devon , England , situated about 8 miles south of the town of Great Torrington .
Syracuse University College of Law ( SUCOL ) , founded in 1895 , is a Juris Doctor degree - granting law school of Syracuse University in Syracuse , New York .
Poddębowiec ( pɔddɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Musselburgh ( Gaelic : Baile nam Feusgan ) is the largest settlement in East Lothian , Scotland , on the coast of the Firth of Forth , 6 miles ( 10 km ) east of Edinburgh city centre .
Qushjeh ( Persian : قوشجه‎ , also Romanized as Qūshjeh ; also known as Ghooshjeh , Khushāja , Qowshājā , Qowshajeh , and Qūshāchā ) is a village in Mehraban - e Olya Rural District , Shirin Su District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Point Mallard Park is a park in Decatur , Alabama , United States that sits on 500 acres ( 2.0 km2 ) of the Flint Creek shoreline .
Sheykh Safi Station ( Persian : ايستگاه شيخ صفي‎ -- Īstgāh - e Sheykh Şafī and Īstgāh - e Sheykh Şafī ) is a village and railway station in Owch Tappeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Black Mountain Open Space Park is a city park located in San Diego , California .
Morning Star Boys ' Ranch is a residential facility for youth in Spokane , Washington established in 1956 .
Glendower , now known as Glendower State Memorial or Glendower Mansion , is an historic Greek Revival style house located at 105 Cincinnati Avenue , U.S. Route 42 , Cincinnati Avenue , in Lebanon , Ohio .
Kownacica ( kɔvnaˈt͡ɕit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Collaroy Plateau is a suburb of northern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Lesmahagow Old Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland within the Presbytery of Lanark .
Striped Peak is a mountain located approximately 12 miles ( 19 km ) west of Port Angeles , Washington .
Oxon Hill Manor is a neo - Georgian house of 49 rooms , located at Oxon Hill , Prince George 's County , Maryland .
Jundla is a town in the Karnal district of the Indian state of Haryana about 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) from Karnal city .
The T. Goings Building is a late 19th - century commercial building within the boundaries of the Oregon Commercial Historic District in Oregon , Illinois , U.S.A. The building is listed as a contributing structure to the overall integrity of the historic district , which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006 .
Camp Tarawa was a training camp located on the big island of Hawaii constructed and used by the 2nd Marine Division during World War II . The grounds of the camp were situated between the volcanic peaks of Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa .
Lasek - Kolonia ( ˈlasɛk kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Piazza Venezia is the central hub of Rome , Italy , in which several thoroughfares intersect , including the Via dei Fori Imperiali and the Via del Corso .
Hucisko Jawornickie ( xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ javɔrˈɲit͡skʲɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Гутисько Явірницьке , Hutys’ko Yavirnyts’ke ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jawornik Polski , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
De Jagers Pass is situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa , off - road , near Beaufort West .
The Machine Gun Fire or Camp Williams Fire was a wildfire in Herriman , Utah in 2010 that burned several dwellings .
The Santa Clara Avenue Oil Field is an oil field in Ventura County , California , about six miles southeast of the city of Ventura and four miles northeast of Oxnard .
The Bloomsburg Fair has been held in Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania , since 1855 and continues to this day .
Kraczynki ( kraˈt͡ʂɨnki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęczniew , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Henry Probasco House is a registered historic , single - dwelling house in the Clifton neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Pett Bottom is a small settlement about five miles ( 8 km ) south of Canterbury , Kent , England .
Valikan ( Persian : وليكن‎ , also Romanized as Valīkan ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sarab Rud ( Persian : سراب رود‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb Rūd ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Burj Jeway Khan or Burj Jiwe Khan is a town and union council of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan . Town Named On The Forefather of Mian Family `` Mian Jeway Khan ''
Öcsöd is a village in Jász - Nagykun - Szolnok County , in the Northern Great Plain Region of south - east Hungary .
The Boston Center for the Arts ( BCA ) is a 501(c ) nonprofit visual and performing arts complex in the South End neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Dulwich Wood together with the adjacent Sydenham Hill Wood is the largest extant part of the ancient Great North Wood in the London Borough of Southwark .
Badrallach ( Scottish Gaelic : Am Bad Ràilleach or Am Bad Tràilleach ) is a village on the north shore of Little Loch Broom in Wester Ross , in the Highland council area of Scotland .
Mortimer West End is a village and civil parish in north Hampshire in England .
Pizzo Centrale is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps , located on the border between the cantons of Uri and Ticino .
Estadio Morelos is a football stadium located along Periférico Independencia , in the Independencia sector , near the base of Cerro del Quinceo in northwest Morelia , Michoacán , México .
The Daniel Webster Law Office and Library , also known as Daniel Webster Law Office , is a National Historic Landmark on the grounds of the Isaac Winslow House at 64 Careswell Street in Marshfield , Massachusetts .
The Dub Farris Athletic Complex is a sporting complex owned by the Northside ISD located in San Antonio , Texas .
Ziemsko ( ˈʑemskɔ ) ( German : Zamzow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kansas City University of Medicine and Biosciences ( KCU ) is a private , non - profit , graduate school for the health professions , with a main campus located on 23 acres in Kansas City , in the U.S. state of Missouri .
Sherwood Forest Plantation , also known as John Tyler House , is located on the north bank of the James River in Charles City County , Virginia .
The Anna L. Nickel telescope is a 1-meter reflecting telescope located at Lick Observatory in the U.S. state of California .
The Strawn Historic Citrus Packing House District ( also known as the Bob White Historic Citrus Packing House District ) is a U.S. historic district ( designated as such on September 13 , 1993 ) located at 5707 Lake Winona Road in DeLeon Springs , Florida in Volusia County .
Asaran ( Persian : اساران‎ , also Romanized as Āsārān ; also known as Anāsarān ) is a village in Chashm Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Kalbali Arab ( Persian : كلبعلي عرب‎ , also Romanized as Kalb``alī `` Arab and Kalbalī `` Arab ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 105 , in 18 families .
It is also a Venezuelan municipality , the Municipality of Macanao Peninsula ( Municipio Península de Macanao ) , in the state of Nueva Esparta .
The Dale Hollow Reservoir is a reservoir situated on the Kentucky / Tennessee border .
Dowli Khanvan ( Persian : دولي خانوان‎ , also Romanized as Dowlī Khānvān ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ashintully Castle , located near Kirkmichael , north of Blairgowrie , in the county of Perthshire Scotland , was built in 1583 as a fortified tower house by the Spalding family ; the Feudal Barons of Ashintully .
The Abraham Manee House , also known as the Manee - Seguine Homestead , is a three - part Colonial Dutch dwelling similar to the Billiou - Stillwell - Perine House in Old Town , and was designated a New York City landmark in 1984 .
VTB Arena is a planned multi - purpose stadium in Moscow , Russia .
The Somerset County Vocational and Technical School District is a comprehensive vocational public school district serving the vocational and training needs of high school students in ninth through twelfth grades along with adults from Somerset County , New Jersey , United States .
Beeckerwerth is a part of the German city of Duisburg and located right of the Rhine .
Samandegan ( Persian : سمندگان‎ , also Romanized as Samandegān and Samandagān ) is a village in Kabutarsorkh Rural District , in the Central District of Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Buckhorn Island State Park is an 895-acre ( 3.62 km2 ) state park located in Erie County , New York in the Town of Grand Island .
Verrasundet is a fjord branch in the northern part of Trondheimsfjorden in the municipalities of Verran and Inderøy in Nord - Trøndelag , Norway .
Webster Schroeder High School is a public high school located in Webster , Monroe County , New York , U.S.A. , a suburb of Rochester , and is one of two high schools operated by the Webster Central School District .
Zohan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زهان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Schoharie County Courthouse Complex is a historic courthouse and county clerk 's building located at Schoharie in Schoharie County , New York .
The Charles H. Bigelow House is a historic building in Findlay , Ohio , United States , that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 29 , 2006 .
The Leonardo Da Vinci University is a Peruvian private university founded on April 1 , 2010 in the city of Trujillo , La Libertad Region .
Surantih is a `` Nagari '' ( a cluster of villages ) in the Kabupaten District of Pesisir Selatan of West Sumatra province in Sumatra island , Indonesia .
The Minnesota Artists Exhibition Program ( MAEP ) is a curatorial program at the Minneapolis Institute of Arts that exhibits the work of artists living and working in the state of Minnesota .
The Ray Norbut State Fish and Wildlife Area is a 1,140-acre ( 460 ha ) state park located near Griggsville in Pike County , Illinois .
The Voortrekker Monument is located just south of Pretoria in South Africa .
Khvorshidan ( Persian : خورشيدان‎ , also Romanized as Khvorshīdān , Khowrshīdān , and Khurshīdān ) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Quo Vadis Entertainment Center ( also known as the Quo Vadis or the Penthouse Theater ) was a movie theater in Westland , Michigan .
The Brown County Veterans Memorial Arena ( more commonly known as the Brown County Arena ) is a 5,248-seat multi - purpose arena in Ashwaubenon , Wisconsin , situated on the corner of Lombardi Avenue and Oneida Street , across from Lambeau Field .
Palopo or Kota Palopo is one of the autonomous cities ( municipalities ) in South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia , and the third - largest city in the province .
The former Harmanus Bleecker Library is located at the intersection of Washington Avenue ( New York State Route 5 ) and Dove Street in Albany , New York , United States .
Oakfield Station is a historic former passenger rail station on Station Street in Oakfield , Maine .
The Thomas H. Gale House , or simply Thomas Gale House , is a house located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park , Illinois , United States .
Texas School for the Deaf ( TSD ) is a state - operated primary and secondary school for deaf children in Austin , Texas .
The Bezirk Karl - Marx - Stadt , also known as Bezirk Chemnitz , was a district ( Bezirk ) of East Germany .
Masada ( מצדה metzadá `` fortress '' ) is an ancient fortification in the Southern District of Israel situated on top of an isolated rock plateau , akin to a mesa , on the eastern edge of the Judaean Desert , overlooking the Dead Sea 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) east of Arad .
Methodist Episcopal Church at Half Moon Bay ( now Community United Methodist Church ) is a historic church at 777 Miramontes Street in Half Moon Bay , California .
The Little Lost River is a river in the central part of the U.S. state of Idaho .
Patrician Brothers ' College , Fairfield is a systemic Roman Catholic , secondary , day school for boys , located in Fairfield , a western suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Masuleh Khani ( Persian : ماسوله خاني‎ , also Romanized as Māsūleh Khānī and Māsūlehkhānī ) is a village in Masal Rural District , in the Central District of Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Oetrange ( Luxembourgish : Éiter , German : Oetringen ) is a small town in the commune of Contern , in south - eastern Luxembourg .
Gooty ( pronounced ' Gutti ' ) is a town in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
San Procopio ( Greek : Aghios Prokopios ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of Reggio Calabria .
Whitaker Mountain is a mountain summit in Cherokee County in the state of South Carolina ( SC ) and is one of the three mountain peaks in Cherokee County .
Skillin Elementary School is an elementary school ( grades K--5 ) in South Portland , Maine .
Seminary Hill School ( officially Seminary Hill Elementary School ) is a public school located at 20 Seminary Hill in West Lebanon , New Hampshire , United States .
University Christian School is a private Christian school in Jacksonville , Florida , U.S. It is part of the ministry of the University Church , a small , local Baptist congregation .
Church of the Assumption and Rectory is a historic church and rectory at 204 SW 8th Street in Topeka , Kansas .
Kraczewice Prywatne ( krat͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ prɨˈvatnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Giewartów - Holendry ( ɡʲɛˈvartuf xɔˈlɛndrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
375 Pearl Street , also known as the Verizon Building and One Brooklyn Bridge Plaza , is a 32-story telephone switching building at the Manhattan end of the Brooklyn Bridge .
The Riverside Concrete Company - Lamont 's Market is a historic market building at 2 Charles Street in Newton , Massachusetts .
Desk - e Bala ( Persian : دسك بالا‎ , also Romanized as Desk - e Bālā ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Henry Ford II High School , simply referred to as Ford , is a public high school located in the Metropolitan Detroit region in the city of Sterling Heights , Michigan .
Togus National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located at Togus , Kennebec County , Maine .
Radio Berlin International was the international broadcaster for the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) .
Zbinohy ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈzbɪnoɦɪ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Guiguinto is a first class urban municipality in the province of Bulacan , Philippines .
WWJK ( 107.3 FM , `` 107.3 JACK fm '' ) is an adult hits formatted radio station located in Jacksonville , Florida .
Castlewarren ( Irish : Caisleán an Bhairínigh ) , previously known as Buile ( pronounced `` Boula '' ) , is a small village in County Kilkenny , Ireland , located some 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) north of the N10 national primary road at Flagmount .
Neugraben - Fischbek is a quarter of Hamburg , Germany belongs to the borough Harburg .
King 's Standing Bowl Barrow or Kingstanding Mound , is a Scheduled monument in the Kingstanding area of Birmingham .
Boscastle ( Cornish : Kastel Boterel ) is a village and fishing port on the north coast of Cornwall , England , UK , in the civil parish of Forrabury and Minster .
Witoroż ( vʲiˈtɔrɔʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Chanupally is a village and Gram panchayat of Nadigudem mandal , Nalgonda district , in Telangana state .
Nijland ( West Frisian : Nijlân ) is a village in Súdwest - Fryslân in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Kahrar - e Sofla ( Persian : كهرارسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kahrār - e Soflá ; also kown as Kahrār and Qahrār - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Avalon Ballroom was a music venue in the Polk Gulch neighborhood of San Francisco , California , at 1244 Sutter Street ( or 1268 Sutter , depending on the entrance ) .
St Julian 's Pier is a pier in Saint Peter Port , Guernsey .
Haslar is on the south coast of England , at the southern tip of Alverstoke , on the Gosport peninsula , Hampshire .
Ahja Parish ( Estonian : Ahja vald ) is a rural municipality of Estonia , in Põlva County .
Brotherstone Hill is a hill near St. Boswells and the Eildon Hills in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , with two standing stones from the megalithic age , on the summit of Brotherstone Hill , at a height of 243 metres .
Sartang - e Tang Sorkh ( Persian : سرتنگ تنگ سرخ‎ ; also known as Sartang - e Keyẕāmen and Tang - e Key Ẕāmenī ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Soultz - sous - Forêts ( German : Sulz unterm Wald ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
The Atlas Grange Hall in Atlas , Michigan is a historic Grange Hall building .
Fort Rodd Hill National Historic Site is a 19th - century coastal artillery fort on the Colwood , British Columbia side of Esquimalt Harbour , ( Greater Victoria / Victoria BC Metropolitan Area ) .
Lowestoft ( /ˈloʊ.əstɒft/ , /ˈloʊstɒft/ or /ˈloʊstəf/ ) is a town in the English county of Suffolk .
Gramercy Park Hotel is a luxury hotel located at 2 Lexington Avenue , in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City , adjacent to the park of the same name .
Stuston is a small village and civil parish in the Mid - Suffolk district of the county of Suffolk , England close to the border with Norfolk , England .
J - Z Airport ( FAA LID : 1W0 ) is a town owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) north of the central business district of Almira , a town in Lincoln County , Washington , United States .
Salbiz ( Persian : سلبيز‎ , also Romanized as Salbīz ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mavinhonda is a village in Belgaum district of the southwestern state of Karnataka , India .
Beeston St Andrew is a civil parish in the Broadland district of Norfolk , England , north of Norwich .
Żarna ( ˈʐarna ) ( German : Gewiesener Mühle ) is a former settlement in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Estadio Rafael Mendoza Castellón is a multi - use stadium in the neighborhood of Achumani , La Paz , Bolivia .
Meshik ( Persian : مشيك‎ , also Romanized as Meshīk ; also known as Mīshīk ) is a village in Anzal - e Jonubi Rural District , Anzal District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Wallkill Valley Rail Trail is a 23.7-mile ( 38.1 km ) rail trail and linear park that runs along the former Wallkill Valley Railroad rail corridor in Ulster County , New York .
Nanhai District , is a district of Foshan , Guangdong , China .
Farm to Market Road 1252 or FM 1252 is a Farm to Market Road in Texas , running from FM 757 near its intersection with I-20 east to SH 31 near Kilgore .
WQTC - FM ( 102.3 FM , `` Classic Rock Q102 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Manitowoc , Wisconsin that is owned by Seehafer Broadcasting Corporation and serves that community , along with the nearby twin city of Two Rivers and fringe coverage of ( though not directly marketing to ) Sheboygan .
Żdżanne ( ˈʐd͡ʐannɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Janiki Wielkie ( jaˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German Groß Hanswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Boneh Razi ( Persian : بنه رازي‎ , also Romanized as Boneh Rāzī ; also known as Benehzārī ) is a village in Javaran Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Schepps Palm Field was a minor league baseball venue located in Corpus Christi , TX .
Mokokchung Metropolitan Area is a major urban agglomeration in Mokokchung district in the Indian state of Nagaland , with Mokokchung town as its main urban hub .
Upper Colo is a locality of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Sargodar - e Kalatu ( Persian : سرگداركلاتو‎ , also Romanized as Sargodār - e Kalātū ) is a village in Abnama Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ballabio is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 km ( 31 mi ) northeast of Milan and about 6 km ( 3.7 mi ) north of Lecco in the Valsassina .
Natchez National Historical Park commemorates the history of Natchez , Mississippi , and is managed by the National Park Service .
Garysburg United Methodist Church and Cemetery , also known as Chapel Grove Church , is a historic Methodist church and cemetery located on SR 1207 in Garysburg , Northampton County , North Carolina .
The Grote Houtstraat is a shopping street in Haarlem that connects the Grote Markt to the Houtplein in the direction of the Haarlemmerhout woods .
When the East German states were dissolved in 1952 , Görlitz became part of the Dresden District , but the states were restored upon German reunification in 1990 .
Poplar Thicket , also known as Marian R. Okie Memorial Wildlife Preserve at Poplar Thicket , is an archaeological site located near Lewes , Sussex County , Delaware .
The Seabrook Bridge ( officially the Senator Ted Hickey Bridge ) is a medium - rise twin bascule , four - lane roadway bridge in New Orleans , Louisiana , carrying Lakeshore Drive , connecting Leon C. Simon Drive on the upper side of the bridge with Hayne Boulevard on the lower side .
Momich Lakes Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located at the north end of Adams Lake 100 km northeast of Kamloops .
Audlem is a large village and civil parish located in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire in the north west of England , approximately 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) south of Nantwich .
Igiugig Airport ( IATA : IGG , ICAO : PAIG , FAA LID : IGG ) is a state - owned , public - use airport serving Igiugig , in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Bizhabad ( Persian : بيژاباد‎ , also Romanized as Bīzhābād ; also known as Bīzhanābād ) is a village in Oshnavieh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Arådalen is a valley immediately west of the mountain Hundshögen ( 1371 m ) in southern Oviksfjällen , Oviken parish , Berg 's Municipality , Jämtland , Sweden .
The Assemblies of God Theological Seminary ( AGTS ) is a seminary located in Springfield , Missouri .
Quince Orchard High School ( QOHS ) , also known as Q.O. High School , is a secondary school located on Quince Orchard Road in an unincorporated area of Gaithersburg in Montgomery County , Maryland , United States .
Thurcroft is a village and civil parish situated southeast of Rotherham in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire , England .
Dast Kortan ( Persian : دست كرتان‎ , also Romanized as Dast Kortān ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Ben Gamla Charter School is an English - Hebrew Charter school , the first of its kind in the U.S. , located in Hollywood , Florida .
Burnage Academy for Boys ( formerly known as Burnage High School ) is a secondary school with academy status , located in Burnage , Manchester , England .
Oppeano is a city ( municipality ) in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) west of Venice and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southeast of Verona
Staplestreet is a village near the village of Boughton Street , in the Swale District of the English county of Kent .
Żarkowo ( ʐarˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Juhni ( Persian : جوهني‎ , also Romanized as Jūhnī ; also known as Johnī and Jūnī ) is a village in Sumay - ye Jonubi Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Edge Peak is a summit in the Golden Ears Group , located in Golden Ears Provincial Park north of Maple Ridge , British Columbia .
Golriz ( Persian : گلريز‎ , also Romanized as Golrīz ) is a village in Takab Rural District , in the Central District of Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Stoney Squaw Mountain , often called just Stoney Squaw is a mountain in the Bow River Valley of Banff National Park , adjacent to the town of Banff , Alberta , Canada .
Grevenknapp ( Luxembourgish : Gréiweknapp ) is a village in the commune of Boevange - sur - Attert , in western Luxembourg .
Ammunition Igloo ( also known as Building 88 ) was a bunker used for arms storage at Camp George West , Golden , Colorado .
Tarkeh Deh ( Persian : تركه ده‎ ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Longdown is a small village in the parish of Holcombe Burnell , south of the A30 road , about four miles west of Exeter in Devon , England .
Wood Tobé - Coburn School is a small , for - profit private career college located in a building just south of Grand Central Station in New York , NY .
URJ Henry S. Jacobs Camp is a summer camp run by the Union for Reform Judaism ( URJ ) , serving the Deep South ( Alabama , Arkansas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Western Tennessee , and the Florida Panhandle ) .
Yalfan ( Persian : يلفان‎ , also Romanized as Yalfān ; also known as Yalpān ) is a village in Alvandkuh - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Queralbs ( Catalan pronunciation : ( kəˈɾaɫps ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Ripollès in Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Michigan Central Station ( also known as Michigan Central Depot or MCS ) was the main intercity passenger rail depot for Detroit , Michigan .
Ney Baghi ( Persian : ني باغي‎ , also Romanized as Ney Bāghī ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sangobeg ( Scottish Gaelic : Saingea Beag ) is a remote coastal crofting township which overlooks Sangobeg Sands in Sutherland , Scottish Highlands in the Scottish council area of Highland .
CKNL - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a mainstream rock format at 101.5 FM in Fort St. John , British Columbia .
The Marriott Syracuse Downtown , formerly known as the Hotel Syracuse , is a historic hotel built in 1924 and located at 500 South Warren Street , Syracuse , New York .
Now Chaman ( Persian : نوچمن‎ ) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Cenotillo Municipality ( Yucatec Maya : `` little cenote '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 614.43 km2 ) of land and is located roughly 115 kilometres ( 71 mi ) east of the city of Mérida .
Swan Lake State Park is a state - operated , public recreation area at the north end of 3-mile - long ( 4.8 km ) Swan Lake in the town of Swanville , Waldo County , Maine .
Monken Hadley Common lies within the Monken Hadley Conservation Area , and is listed as a `` Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation , Grade I , '' by the London Borough of Barnet .
Arcola Theatre is an Off West End theatre in the London Borough of Hackney .
The Old South Union Church is a congregational church at 25 Columbian Street in Weymouth , Massachusetts .
The Bluff Point Stoneworks are a prehistoric structure located in the town of Jerusalem , New York , at the crux of Keuka Lake in the Finger Lakes Region of western New York State .
2100 Ross Avenue ( formerly San Jacinto Tower ) is a 33-story postmodern skyscraper located at 2100 Ross Avenue/2121 San Jacinto Street in the City Center District of downtown Dallas , Texas , in the United States .
Håkons Hall , sometimes anglicized as Håkon Hall and Haakons Hall , is an arena located at Stampesletta in Lillehammer , Norway .
The Royal Connaught Hotel is a 13-storey building in downtown Hamilton , Ontario .
Barclayville , the capital and most populous settlement in Grand Kru County , is located in southeastern Liberia about 10 miles inland from Picinicess .
Xaverian College is a Roman Catholic college in Manchester , England founded by the Xaverian Brothers in 1862 .
Glen Lake is a lake located in Leelanau County in the U.S. state of Michigan , near Lake Michigan .
Beautiful Mountain ( Navajo : Dziłkʼi Hózhóonii ) is part of the Chuska Mountains and its summit is the highest point in San Juan County , New Mexico .
Nowa Wieś Tworoska ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ tfɔˈrɔska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tworóg , within Tarnowskie Góry County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Nyisho Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཉི་ཤོག་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Wangdue Phodrang District , Bhutan .
Hamburger Börs , or `` Börsen '' , at Jakobsgatan in Stockholm is a stage for bar shows so called `` krogshower '' in Sweden .
Pentecostal Holy Temple Church of Jesus Christ , formerly known as The Free Baptist Church , was a historic Baptist church located at Elmira in Chemung County , New York .
Qaleh - ye Omidabad ( Persian : قلعه اميداباد‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Omīdābād ) is a village in Mizdej - e Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Farsan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 322 , in 63 families .
The Musgrove Evans House is a private residence in Tecumseh , Michigan , USA .
Katoomba Scenic World is a privately owned tourist attraction located in Katoomba in the Blue Mountains , New South Wales , Australia , about 100 kilometres west of Sydney .
Borek Mały ( ˈbɔrɛk ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów , within Ropczyce - Sędziszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Aisne - Marne American Cemetery and Memorial is a 42-acre ( 17 ha ) World War I cemetery in Belleau , Northern France .
The Hudson Valley Rail Trail is a paved 4-mile ( 6.4 km ) east -- west rail trail in the town of Lloyd in Ulster County , New York , stretching from the Hudson River through the hamlet of Highland .
The Country Club of Rochester ( CCR ) is a championship golf course in the towns of Brighton and Pittsford , in suburban Rochester , New York .
Schwedter Straße , named after the town of Schwedt / Oder , is an inner - city road in the Mitte and Prenzlauer Berg districts of Berlin .
Hamble Common Camp is the site of an Iron Age promontory hillfort located in Hampshire .
The Little Langley River is a 4.2-mile - long ( 6.8 km ) tributary of the Langley River of Minnesota , United States .
The Kassam Stadium is the home of Oxford United Football Club , and is named after the ground 's owner and former chairman of the football club , Firoz Kassam .
Iverkala is a rural village in Kollam district of Kerala state in India .
Peam Ro District ( Khmer : ស្រុកពាមរក៏ ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province , in south eastern Cambodia .
Dennenloher See is a lake in Ansbach , Bavaria , Germany .
Bakri - ye Pain ( Persian : بكري پائين‎ , also Romanized as Bakrī - ye Pā’īn and Bagrī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Borun Rural District , in the Central District of Ferdows County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Szepietowo Podleśne ( ʂɛpjɛˈtɔvɔ pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Light - Athletic Football Complex CSKA ( Russian : Легкоатлетическо-футбольный комплекс ЦСКА , ЛФК ) or Football Manege CSKA ( Russian : Футбольный Манеж ЦСКА ) is a multi - use covered stadium in Moscow , Russia .
Kuthukalvalasai is a village ( Gram panchayat ) in the Tenkasi Taluk in the Tirunelveli district , State of Tamil Nadu .
Tamer - e Qarah Quzi ( Persian : تمرقره قوزي‎ , also Romanized as Tamer - e Qarah Qūzī ; also known as Tamer ) is a village in Tamran Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport ( IATA : CHA , ICAO : KCHA , FAA LID : CHA ) , also known as Lovell Field , is a public airport located five miles ( 8 km ) east of the central business district of Chattanooga , a city in Hamilton County , Tennessee , United States .
Kalateh - ye Pialeh ( Persian : كلاته پياله‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Pīāleh ) is a village in Milanlu Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Qaleh - ye Aliabad ( Persian : قلعه علي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye `` Alīābād ) is a village in Dasht - e Zarrin Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 619 , in 111 families .
The Monterey Institute for Research in Astronomy ( MIRA ) is a privately established , non - profit , professional organization for astronomical education and research , near Monterey , California .
Rocca Grimalda ( Ra Roca in dialect ) is a village and comune in the Province of Alessandria , Piedmont , Italy .
Rudzienice - Kałdunki ( rud͡ʑɛˈnit͡sɛ kau̯ˈdunki ) ( German : Klein Schönforst ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hao Airport ( IATA : HOI , ICAO : NTTO ) is an airport on Hao Island in French Polynesia .
The Telecom Corridor is a technology business center in Richardson , Texas , a northern suburb of Dallas , which contains over 25 million square feet ( 2.3 million square meters ) of office space and accounts for over 130,000 jobs .
Zir - e Qalat ( Persian : زيرقلات‎ , also Romanized as Zīr - e Qalāt and Zīr - e Qallāt ; also known as Qallāt ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , in the Central District of Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hajji Bakhtiar ( Persian : حاجي بختيار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bakhtīār ; also known as Emāmzādeh Ḩājjī Bakhtīār ) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District , Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Cockley Beck is a small hamlet , situated in the Duddon Valley in Cumbria , England .
The Hood County Courthouse Historic District in Granbury , Hood County , Texas encompasses 12 acres of land and 12 contributing properties .
Nitki ( ˈɲitkʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Shwegu Township ( Burmese : ရွှေကူမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Bhamo District in the Kachin State of Burma .
Mount Goddard is a mountain of California 's Sierra Nevada , in the north section of Kings Canyon National Park .
Shamsabad - e Takht ( Persian : شمس ابادتخت‎ , also Romanized as Shamsābād - e Takht ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mesivta Zichron Baruch , ( Hebrew : מתיבתא זכרון ברוך‎ ) , established in 2007 and , also known as Mesivta of Clifton , is an Orthodox Jewish high school in Clifton , New Jersey led by Rabbi Halberstadt .
Nawan Pind Jattan is a village in Nakodar tehsil of Jalandhar District in the Indian state of Punjab .
Robert 's Lounge was a saloon in New York City owned by Lucchese crime family associate James ' Jimmy the Gent ' Burke .
Clearfield High School is a secondary school in Clearfield , Utah , and part of the Davis School District .
Edward E. Willey Bridge is a highway bridge which crosses the upper James River ( above the fall line at Richmond ) in the western portion of Henrico County , Virginia .
Park Beach is a suburb of Coffs Harbour , northern New South Wales , located in the north eastern part of the town .
Hukumpeta is a part of Rajahmundry Municipal Corporation in East Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Eastmont High School , locally referred to as Eastmont or EHS , is a three - year public high school located in East Wenatchee , Washington , USA .
Darreh Chitu ( Persian : دره چيتو‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Chītū and Darreh - ye Chītū ; also known as Daneh - ye Chīrū ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Torphins ( /tɔːrˈfɪnz/ tawr - FINZ ; Scottish Gaelic : Tòrr Fionn ) is a village in Royal Deeside , Aberdeenshire , Scotland which lies about 23 miles west of Aberdeen .
Dosin ( ˈdɔɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock , within Legionowo County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Zabbar Ground better known by its nickname Il - Foss is a football ground in Ħaż - Żabbar , Malta .
Khakhara or Khkhra is a village in Sahabganj , Chandauli , Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Burt Flickinger Center is a venue located in downtown Buffalo , New York .
Other programming includes newscasts , from CBS News and the Kentucky News Network , live talk ( some are local ) and religious programs , including the nationwide syndicated show , `` The Sunday Morning Wake - up with Chris '' from August 2003 until December 2008 and was produced in the studios of WMST .
Doberan Abbey ( Kloster Doberan ) is a former Cistercian monastery in Bad Doberan , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Siah Kamareh Zali ( Persian : سياه كمره زالي‎‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Kamareh Zālī and Sīāh Kamar - e Zālī ) is a village in Zirtang Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Barra do Piraí ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈbaʁɐ ðu piɾɐˈi ) ) is a municipality of the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro .
Yau Tong ( Chinese : 油塘 ) is an area of Hong Kong , located in the southeastern end of Kowloon , between Lei Yue Mun and Lam Tin , at the east shore of Victoria Harbour , west of Tseung Kwan O. Administratively , it is part of the Kwun Tong District .
Mangalsen is a Municipality and headquarters of Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal .
Warfield Complex , Hubner , and T Buildings is a national historic district located at Sykesville , Carroll County , Maryland , United States .
Moesgård is a former manor house and a listed building in Aarhus Municipality .
The Blond Bay State Game Reserve is a 2000 ha game reserve in Victoria , Australia .
Muziekgebouw Frits Philips is a concert hall in Eindhoven , the Netherlands .
Hallébourg is a community in the Canadian province of Ontario , located in the unincorporated geographic township of Kendall in Cochrane District .
Rock Springs Park is a defunct amusement park once located in Chester , West Virginia , Hancock County .
The John Gridley House is located in the southern section of Syracuse , New York .
Since 1999 , Świnoujście has been a city with the administrative rights of a county ( powiat ) ( Polish : miasto na prawach powiatu ) , within West Pomeranian Voivodeship .
Fletchertown is a small village in the parish of Allhallows , Cumbria , England .
Islesboro Airport ( FAA LID : 57B ) is a town - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) west of the central business district of Islesboro , a town in Waldo County , Maine , United States .
Armendarits ( Basque : Armendaritze ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
The Lake Zumbro Hydroelectric Generating Plant is a dam owned by Rochester Public Utilities ( RPU ) of Rochester , Minnesota , USA .
Dinnie Block is or was a property in Grand Forks , North Dakota .
Kolonia Wierzbie ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈvjɛʐbjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Chiseldon is a village and civil parish in the borough of Swindon , Wiltshire , England .
Versmold or Vassem in Westphalian Platt is a town in Gütersloh District in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Anielinek ( aɲɛˈlinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jakubów , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Estoi ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ( ɨ)ˈʃtoi ) ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Faro , in the Algarve , Portugal .
Ghazi Stadium ( Pashto : غازی لوبغالی‎ ) ( Persian : ورزشگاه غازى‎ ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Kabul , Afghanistan , mainly used to play football .
The Pine Ridge National Recreation Area is a United States National Recreation Area located in the Pine Ridge region of northwestern Nebraska .
Widuchówko ( viduˈxufkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Corliss Tunnel , located at Corliss Street south from West Carson Street in the Elliott neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was built in 1914 .
Shahnavaz - e Sofla ( Persian : شهنوازسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Shahnavāz - e Soflá ) is a village in Quri Chay - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cheung Sha Wan Plaza ( Chinese : 長沙灣廣場 ) is shopping mall and office complex in Cheung Sha Wan , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Arrabury Airport ( IATA : AAB , ICAO : YARY ) is an airport in Arrabury , Queensland , Australia .
The Franziskaner - Klosterkirche was a church in the Mitte district of Berlin , founded in 1250 and now in ruins .
Berkeley City College ( BCC ) , formerly Vista Community College , one of the California Community Colleges , is part of the Peralta Community College District .
Lake Havasu is a large reservoir behind Parker Dam on the Colorado River , on the border between California and Arizona .
The Railroad Museum of New England operates the Naugatuck Railroad between Waterville and Thomaston , Connecticut .
Parnatabad ( Persian : پرنت اباد‎ , also Romanized as Parnatābād ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Deepdale is a football stadium in the Deepdale area of Preston , England , the home of the Lillywhites , Preston North End and , up to 2010 , England 's National Football Museum .
Dash Aghol ( Persian : داش اغل‎ , also Romanized as Dāsh Āghol and Dāsh Āghel ; also known as Dāsh Āghūl ) is a village in Dul Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Niederstotzingen is a small city in the district of Heidenheim in Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany .
Maz va Langa Sar ( Persian : مازولنگاسر‎ , also Romanized as Māz va Langā Sar ; also known as Māz Langā Sar ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wanaque Reservoir is a man - made lake located within Wanaque and Ringwood , New Jersey along the Wanaque River .
Kashpiri ( Persian : كش پيري‎ , also Romanized as Kashpīrī ) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sea Lake is a town in the Mallee district of north - west Victoria , Australia and is situated on the southern shores of Lake Tyrrell .
The Brisbane General Cemetery also known as Toowong Cemetery is a heritage - listed cemetery located at Toowong , Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
The Farrar Distillery is a 19th - century distillery in Noah , Tennessee , about 11 miles ( 18 km ) north of Manchester .
Votkinsk ( Russian : Во́ткинск ; Udmurt : Вотка , Votka ) is an industrial town in the Udmurt Republic , Russia .
Ilabad ( Persian : ايل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Īlābād ) is a village in Radkan Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Providence Canyon State Park is a 1,003 acres ( 4.06 km2 ; 1.57 sq mi ) state park located in Stewart County in southwest Georgia .
Merthyr Tydfil ( /ˈmɜːrθər ˈtɪdvɪl/ ; Welsh : Merthyr Tudful ( ˈmɛrθɨr ˈtɨːdvɨ̞l ) ) is a town in Wales , with a population of about 59,500 , situated approximately 23 miles ( 37 km ) north of Cardiff .
Burnage is a suburb of the city of Manchester in North West England , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of Manchester city centre and bisected by the dual carriageway of Kingsway .
The Fullerton Odd Fellows Temple , also known as IOOF Building or Independent Order of Odd Fellows Lodge No.103 or Williams Building , located in Fullerton , Orange County , California .
The Alasay District ( Alah Say ) is situated in the eastern part of Kapisa Province , Afghanistan .
Goričica pri Moravčah ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾiːtʃitsa pɾi mɔˈɾaːu̯tʃax ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia .
The Kahlheid near Morscheid - Riedenburg in the Idar Forest ( Hunsrück ) is a mountain , 766 m above sea level ( NHN ) , on the boundary between the counties of Birkenfeld and Bernkastel - Wittlich in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Øvre Anárjohka National Park ( Norwegian : Øvre Anárjohka nasjonalpark ) is a national park that lies in Karasjok and Kautokeino municipalities in Finnmark county , Norway .
Tubądzin ( tuˈbɔnd͡ʑin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
WHYY - FM ( 90.9 FM ; `` 91 FM '' ) is the flagship National Public Radio station in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and the Delaware Valley .
Reedley Hallows or Reedley is a civil parish in the Borough of Pendle in Lancashire , England .
Luk Keng Chan Uk ( Chinese : 鹿頸陳屋 ) is a village situated in the Luk Keng area , in the northeastern part of the New Territories , Hong Kong .
Rockport High School is the public high school of Rockport , Massachusetts .
Użyki ( uˈʐɨki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Slidell Airport ( ICAO : KASD , FAA LID : ASD ) is a city - owned public - use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) northwest of the central business district of Slidell , a city in St. Tammany Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Rio das Ostras ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˌχiu.dajˈzoʃtɾaʃ ) ) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro .
Gazivaz ( Persian : گزيوز‎ , also Romanized as Gazīvaz ; also known as Gazīvar ) is a village in Baghan Rural District , Mahmeleh District , Khonj County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pazardalu ( Persian : پازردالو‎ , also Romanized as Pāzardālū ; also known as Monirabad ( Persian : مُنير آباد ) , also Romanized as Monīrābād ) is a village in Silakhor - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Jonstrup Camp ( Danish : Jonstruplejren ) is a military installation in Ballerup Municipality in the northwestern outskirts of Copenhagen , Denmark .
KALU ( 89.3 FM ) is a non - commercial educational radio station broadcasting an urban contemporary music format with some talk radio programming , licensed to Langston , Oklahoma , USA .
Storsølnkletten ( or Store Sølnkletten , Sølnkletten ) is a prominent mountain around 20 km southwest of Alvdal centre , in Hedmark , Norway .
Jabłoń - Spały ( ˈjabwɔɲ ˈspawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
WRMJ ( 102.3 FM ) is a commercial radio station that serves the Aledo , Illinois area , as well as Mercer and surrounding counties in the northwest central and west central portions of Illinois , and southeast central and east central portions of Iowa .
Quchapata ( Quechua qucha lake , lagoon , pata elevated place / above , at the top / edge , bank ( of a river ) , shore , `` lake shore '' , hispanicized spelling Cochapata ) is an archaeological complex in Peru .
Pimpalner , is a small town in Parner Taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra , India .
Catterall is a civil parish in the county of Lancashire in the north of England , located within the Borough of Wyre .
The Brookeville Academy is located in the heart of the Historic District in Brookeville , Maryland , a town located twenty miles ( 32 km ) north of Washington , D.C. and two miles ( 3 km ) north of Olney in northeastern Montgomery County , Maryland .
Litvínovice ( German Leitnowitz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Italianate / neo - Renaissance style Consumers ' Gas Building at 19 Toronto Street in Toronto , Ontario , Canada was first built in 1852 , as the Consumers Gas company 's head office .
Roger Bacon High School is a high school in St. Bernard , Ohio , USA based in the Franciscan Tradition .
The Times and Olympia Buildings are a pair of historic buildings at 908 - 912 and 880 - 898 Purchase Street in central New Bedford , Massachusetts .
Langley Regional Airport ( IATA : YLY , ICAO : CYNJ ) is located in Langley Township , British Columbia , Canada .
Armsmear ( `` meadow of arms '' ) , also known as the Samuel Colt Home , is a historic house located at Hartford , Connecticut .
The Cable Bridge , officially called the Ed Hendler Bridge and sometimes called the Intercity Bridge , spans the Columbia River between Pasco and Kennewick in southeastern Washington as State Route 397 .
Bharariwal is a village in the Amritsar District of Punjab and was famous for its cultivation of vegetables , especially Gobhi cauliflower .
The Information Sciences and Technology Building ( commonly known as the IST Building ) is a classroom building at Pennsylvania State University .
Moutfort ( French ) ( Luxembourgish : Mutfert , German : Mutfort ) is a village in the commune of Contern , in south - western Luxembourg , on both sides of the road from the city of Luxembourg to the German border town Remich .
Knaphill is an urban village in Surrey , England .
Kolonia Przybkowo ( kɔˈlɔɲa pʂɨpˈkɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Bellarine Railway , formerly known as the Bellarine Peninsula Railway , is a volunteer - operated steam - driven tourist railway located in Victoria , Australia .
Magny - le - Hongre ( pronounced : ( maɲi lə ɔ̃ːɡʁ ) ) is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
The Monticello Wine Company was a Charlottesville , Virginia cooperative founded in 1873 by local grape growers , led by a German , Oscar Reierson .
George K. Heller School , also known as Cheltenham Center for the Arts , is a historic school building located in Ashmead Village , Cheltenham Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
The Province of Lleida ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈʎɛjðə ) , locally : ( ˈʎejðɛ ) ; Spanish : Lérida ; Occitan : Lhèida ) is one of the four provinces of Catalonia .
Mouli Island ( sometimes also spelled Mouly Island ; also known as Hwakaiö ) is one of the Loyalty Islands , in the archipelago of New Caledonia , an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean .
The Yachats Ocean Road State Natural Site is a state park in southern Lincoln County , Oregon , in the town of Yachats .
Kadaganchi ( Kannada : ಕಡಗಂಚಿ ) is a village in Aland taluk , Gulbarga district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Paterson Plank Road is a road that runs through Passaic , Bergen and Hudson Counties in northeastern New Jersey originally lain in the colonial era .
Sewickley Academy is a private coeducational college preparatory day school located in Edgeworth , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Lutków ( ˈlutkuf ) ( Ukrainian : Людків , Liudkiv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Kelarabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كلارآباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kelarabad District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
KZBT ( 93.3 FM , `` B93 '' ) is a Rhythmic Top 40 station serving the Odessa , Texas area .
Black Pine Mountains High Point , at 9,289 feet ( 2,831 m ) above sea level is the highest peak in the Black Pine Mountains of Cassia County in southern Idaho .
The Rodovia Fernão Dias ( official designation BR-381 or SP-010 in the state of São Paulo ) is a federal highway which runs in the Brazilian states of São Paulo and southern region of Minas Gerais .
Brookville Presbyterian Church and Manse is a historic Presbyterian church located at White and Main Streets in Brookville , Jefferson County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Mousetail Landing State Park is a 1,247-acre ( 5.05 km2 ) state park located on the eastern bank of the Tennessee River in Perry County , Tennessee near Linden .
Mahmudabad - e Khalaseh ( Persian : محمودابادخالصه‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād - e Khālaṣeh ; also known as Maḩmūdābād and Maḩmūdābād - e Pāzūkī ) is a village in Filestan Rural District , in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Kualoa Airfield is a former wartime airfield on Oahu , Hawaii .
The Brick Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre_Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Brick Township , in Ocean County , New Jersey , United States .
Baghak - e Jonubi ( Persian : باغک جنوبی‎ , also Romanized as Bāghak - e Jonūbī ) is a village in Baghak Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
WUPI is an American FM radio station licensed in Presque Isle , Maine currently carrying a Top 40 Hit / Variety Radio format and operated by the University of Maine at Presque Isle .
Zielin Górny ( ˈʑelin ˈɡurnɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Månstorp Gables ( Swedish : Månstorps gavlar ) is a ruin in Vellinge Municipality in Skåne ( the southernmost historical province of Sweden ) .
The Mashel River is a river in Pierce County , in the U.S. state of Washington .
Lazarevsky City District ( Russian : Лазаревский райо́н ) is one of four city districts of the city of Sochi in Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Bieniewo ( bjɛˈɲɛvɔ ) ( German Benern ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Adams - Ryan House is a historic inn located at Adams Basin in the town of Ogden in Monroe County , New York .
Hopkins Presbyterian Church , also known as Hopkins Methodist Church , is a historic church building located near the junction of CR 66 and CR 86 in Hopkins , Richland County , South Carolina .
Sępskie Niwy ( ˈsɛmpskʲɛ ˈnivɨ ) is a part of village Zbójno in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Anduhjerd Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اندوهجرد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Shahdad District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Clark Regional Airport ( ICAO : KJVY , FAA LID : JVY ) is a public use airport in Clark County , Indiana , United States .
Bobbellapadu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Madhuranthaganallur is a village located in the Keerapalayam panchayath , Chidambaram taluk , Cuddalore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Riverfront Plaza / Belvedere is a public area on the Ohio River in Downtown Louisville , Kentucky , USA .
Rashgund ( Persian : رشگوند‎ , also Romanized as Rashgūnd ; also known as Rashgand and Rashkand ) is a village in Dasht - e Bil Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Frick Art & Historical Center is a cluster of museums and historical buildings located at 7227 Reynolds Street , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States and formed around the Frick family 's nineteenth - century residence known as `` Clayton '' .
WLFA ( 91.3 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary Christian music format to Asheville , North Carolina and the surrounding area .
Tangen is a village lying near the shores of Mjøsa in the municipality of Stange , Norway .
The Atna Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains , located in northern British Columbia , Canada .
The New York County Lawyers ' Association Building at 14 Vesey Street between Broadway and Church Street in the Financial District of Manhattan , New York City was built in 1929 - 30 and was designed by noted architect Cass Gilbert in the English Georgian style for the Association , which was founded in 1908 .
The Kansas City metropolitan area is a 14-county metropolitan area anchored by Kansas City , Missouri that straddles the border between the U.S. states of Missouri and Kansas .
The Film Exchange Building ( FEB ) is located in Detroit , Michigan and was built in 1926 for the distribution and booking of movies for the Detroit area .
Ripne ( Ukrainian : Ріпне ) is a village in the Rozhniativ Raion , Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast , Ukraine .
Bogdańczowice ( bɔɡdaɲt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Degana is a city and a municipality and tehsil located in the Nagaur district of Rajasthan , India .
Brolo ( Sicilian : Brolu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) east of Palermo and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) west of Messina .
Ligota Dobrodzieńska ( liˈɡɔta dɔbrɔˈd͡ʑeɲska ) ( German : Ellguth Guttentag ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Iliamna Lake or Lake Iliamna is a lake in southwest Alaska , at the north end of the Alaska Peninsula , between Kvichak Bay and Cook Inlet , about 100 miles ( 160 km ) west of Seldovia , Alaska .
Hajji Ahmadi ( Persian : حاجي احمدي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Aḩmadī , Hāji Ahmadi , and Hājī Ahmadi ; also known as Ḩājjī Aḩmad ) is a village in Dasht - e Laleh Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bielnik Pierwszy ( ˈbjɛlnik ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
San Luis de Gaceno ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san lwis ðe ɣaˈseno ) ) is a town and municipality in Boyacá Department , Colombia , part of the subregion of the Neira Province .
The Hugus Hardware store , also known as Shively Hardware , is a significant structure in downtown Saratoga , Wyoming .
The Colorado School of Mines Geology Museum is a geology museum based in the Colorado School of Mines , Golden , Colorado , USA .
Magic Springs and Crystal Falls is an amusement park and water park located in Hot Springs , Arkansas , about 50 miles from Little Rock .
Rancho Seco Recreational Park is a recreational area located in the California Central Valley near the Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station in Herald , California .
Schloss Hollenburg ( Slovene : Humberk ) is a medieval castle near Köttmannsdorf in Carinthia , Austria .
Andlu , also written as Aandlu or Andloo , is a small to medium - sized village in the Punjab state of India .
Tunchang County is one of four counties of Hainan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Alkabo School , in Alkabo , North Dakota , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 7 , 2010 with registration number 10000997 .
Hanging Rock , also known as Bear 's Paw ( Yonah‑wayah in Cherokee ) , is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country , next to the town of Seven Devils .
Kuźnica Katowska ( kuʑˈnit͡sa kaˈtɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Wola Szydłowiecka ( ˈvɔla ʂɨdwɔˈvjɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dempsey Store was a hardware store built in 1860 at the northwest corner of Yonge Street and Sheppard Avenue , in North York , Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Place des Ternes is a square in the 8th and 17th arrondissements of Paris , at the junction of Avenue de Wagram , Boulevard de Courcelles , Rue du Faubourg - Saint - Honoré and Avenue des Ternes .
Pelendri ( Greek : Πελένδρι ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus .
The Museum of Sydney is a historical collection and exhibit , built on the ruins of the house of New South Wales ' first Governor , Arthur Phillip , on the present - day corner of Phillip and Bridge Street , Sydney .
Niewistka ( ɲeˈvʲistka ) ( Ukrainian : Невістка , Nevistka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia , within Brzozów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Górniki ( ɡurˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Bronson Methodist Hospital is a 404-bed non - profit teaching hospital located in downtown Kalamazoo , Michigan , USA , and is a Level I trauma center .
Qadirpur ( Persian : قديرپور‎ , also Romanized as Qadīrpūr ) is a village in Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ojnowrd ( Persian : اجنورد‎ , also Romanized as Ojnūrd and Ūjnūrd ) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Peterborough Business Airport ( ICAO : EGSF ) is a privately owned airfield in the English county of Cambridgeshire near the villages of Holme and Conington , 7 NM ( 13 km ; 8.1 mi ) south of Peterborough .
Fargush ( Persian : فرگوش‎ , also Romanized as Fargūsh ; also known as Farkūsh ) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ballujeh Mirak ( Persian : باللوجه ميرك‎ , also Romanized as Bāllūjeh Mīrak ; also known as Bāllūjeh and Būlūjeh ) is a village in Meshgin - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Staszów County ( Polish : powiat staszowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , south - central Poland .
Fuorn Pass or Ofen Pass ( Romansh : Pass dal Fuorn , German : Ofenpass , Italian : Passo del Forno ) ( el . 2149 m. ) is a high alpine mountain pass in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland .
Bad Königshofen i m Grabfeld is a small spa town in the Rhön - Grabfeld district , in the north east of Lower Franconia , Bavaria , Germany on the Franconian Saale a few kilometers from the border with Thuringia .
South Granville Congregational Church and Parsonage is a historic church and parsonage at 7179 NY 149 in Granville , New York .
McLaughlin Eastshore State Park is jointly managed by the California State Parks and East Bay Regional Park District .
Thaketa Township ( Burmese : သာကေတ မြို့နယ် , pronounced : ( θàkèta̰ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is located in the eastern part of Yangon , Myanmar .
Mikuleč ( German Nikl ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Linton railway station was a railway station in Linton , Cambridgeshire on the Stour Valley Railway .
Thomas Edison High School of Technology ( often referred to as Thomas Edison or Edison ) is a public vocational / technical high school located in Wheaton , an unincorporated section of Montgomery County , Maryland .
Suomussalmi ( Russian : Суомуссалми ) is a municipality in Finland and is located in the Kainuu region .
While Côte de Nuits consists of vineyards located on or close to the main Côte d'Or escarpment , Hautes - Côtes de Nuits covers the area on top of the escarpment , and the adjacent area of various valleys and slopes .
The Whitesand First Nation is an Ojibway First Nation reserve in Northern Ontario , Canada .
Hallworthy ( Cornish : Halworgi ) is a hamlet in the parish of Treneglos , Cornwall , England .
Collon ( Irish : Collann ) is a village and townland in the south west corner of County Louth , Ireland , on the N2 national primary road .
Koakoa is a small town in the Solenzo Department of Banwa Province in western Burkina Faso .
Espigi ( Persian : اسپيگي‎ , also Romanized as Espīgī , Espegī , and Ispigi ; also known as Aspakī ) is a village in Barakuh Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tiangongying Township ( Chinese : 天宫营乡 ) is a township - level division of Xinji , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Koniaczów ( kɔˈɲat͡ʂuf ) ( Ukrainian : Конячів , Koniachiv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Mahmudabad - e Kashantu ( Persian : محمودابادكاشانتو‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād - e Kāshāntū ; also known as Maḩmūdābād ) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District , Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The area also has deposits of arsenic and antimony ore which were mined during World War I and World War II . The Nightingale Mountains are named for Alanson W. Nightingill who was Captain of Company C during the 1860 Paiute War and later the first state controller of Nevada .
Mercat del Born is a former public market and one of the most important buildings in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain constructed with iron .
The James L. Lawther House is an octagon house in Red Wing , Minnesota , United States .
Nowa Tłokinia ( ˈnɔva twɔˈkiɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Zudan ( Persian : زودان‎ , also Romanized as Zūdān ) is a village in Garkan Rural District , Garkan - e Jonubi District , Mobarakeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Barzelak ( Persian : برزلك‎ , also Romanized as Barzaleh , Barzeh Lak , and Barzeleh ) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Little Walnut River Pratt Truss Bridge is a Pratt truss bridge constructed shortly after 1885 , in Bois d'Arc , Kansas .
KQRK ( 99.7 FM , `` Q Country 99.7 '' ) is a commercial radio station in Pablo , Montana , USA , broadcasting to the Kalispell - Flathead Valley area of Montana .
Bayshore Shopping Centre is a major shopping mall located in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , more specifically in Bayshore in the former city of Nepean , Ontario .
Westerham is a town and civil parish in the Sevenoaks District of Kent .
Saffal Band ( Persian : سفال بند‎ , also Romanized as Saffāl Band and Safāl Band ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lowell Junior / Senior High School ( Oregon ) is a public junior / senior high school in Lowell , Oregon , United States .
The Malcolm X and Dr. Betty Shabazz Memorial and Educational Center is a memorial to Malcolm X and Betty Shabazz located at 3840 Broadway and West 165th Street in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City , the building which once housed the Audubon Ballroom , where Malcolm X was assassinated on February 21 , 1965 .
St. Michael - Albertville High School ( also referred to as `` STMA High School '' ) is a public high school located in St. Michael , Minnesota with the school motto `` Excellence is our tradition '' .
The 2012 UK Open Qualifier 1 was the first of eight 2012 UK Open Darts Qualifiers which was held at the K2 Centre in Crawley on Saturday 11 February .
St. Paul 's Chapel , or `` The Little Chapel That Stood '' , is an Episcopal chapel located at 209 Broadway , between Fulton Street and Vesey Street , in Lower Manhattan , New York City .
The Dunbar Hotel , originally known as the Hotel Somerville , was the focal point of the Central Avenue African - American community in Los Angeles , California , during the 1930s and 1940s .
The Roswell Butler Hard House is a House located in Antioch , California owned by the City of Antioch , California .
Rusibórz ( ruˈɕibuʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ardwold was the residence of Sir John Craig Eaton and Lady Eaton of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
West Kutai Regency ( Indonesian : Kutai Barat ) is a regency in the Indonesian province of East Kalimantan .
The Hulda Klager Lilac Gardens ( 7 acres ) are nonprofit botanical gardens specializing in lilacs , located at 115 South Pekin Road , Woodland , Washington .
Borai ( Persian : برايي‎ , also Romanized as Borā’ī and Berā’ī ; also known as Berā and Deh - e Berey ) is a village in Pataveh Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Currency Creek Arboretum ( CCA ; or Currency Creek Arboretum Eucalypt Research Centre ) is located in South Australia near the geographical feature and small town of Currency Creek , up from the mouth of the Murray River at Goolwa , and south of Adelaide .
Puutori ( Finnish ) , Trätorget ( Swedish , lit . `` wood market square '' ) is a market square in the city centre of Turku , Finland .
Old Gold Coast is the name of a historic district in south Omaha , Nebraska .
Nevcehle ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnɛftsɛɦlɛ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Moscone Recreation Center is a park located between Chestnut Street and Bay Street , Laguna Street and Webster Street in San Francisco 's Marina District .
China Resources Building ( 華潤大廈 ) is a 48-floor office building located at 26 Harbour Road in Wan Chai North , Hong Kong .
The Capital Area School for the Arts ( CASA ) is a 9th to 12th grade , public charter school located in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , Dauphin County , Pennsylvania , USA .
The Samuel Gridley and Julia Ward Howe House is a historic rowhouse at 13 Chestnut Street in the Beacon Hill neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts , United States .
The Granite Run Mall was a double - level shopping mall located on U.S. Route 1 in Middletown Township , Delaware County , Pennsylvania , a western suburb of Philadelphia .
Budy Barcząckie ( ˈbudɨ barˈt͡ʂɔnt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Thieu is a village in the Belgian province of Hainaut , and a part ( deelgemeente ) of the municipality Le Rœulx .
Siliana Governorate ( Tunisian Arabic : ولاية سليانة‎ Wilāyat Silyānah pronounced ( ˌsɪlˈjæːnæ ) ) is one of the twenty - four governorates ( provinces ) of Tunisia .
Esther Short Park is a public park and town square located in downtown Vancouver , Washington .
Sorkheh Sang ( Persian : سرخه سنگ‎ ; also known as Sorkh Sang ) is a village in Darram Rural District , in the Central District of Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Kautz Creek is a tributary of the Nisqually River , flowing from the Kautz Glacier , with its watershed in the Mount Rainier National Park of Washington .
The Musicians ' Hall of Fame and Museum at Nashville Municipal Auditorium ( formerly and still commonly known as Nashville Municipal Auditorium ) is an indoor sports and concert venue in Nashville , Tennessee , which also houses the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum .
Khaneh Zenyan ( Persian : خانه زنيان‎ , also Romanized as Khāneh Zenyān and Khāneh - ye Zenyān ; also known as Khān - e Zenyān and Khān - i - Ziniān ) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Łososkowice ( wɔsɔskɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów - Luborzyca , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Araluen - Wungong Important Bird Area is a 123 km2 tract of land in the Darling Ranges on the south - eastern fringe of the city of Perth , Western Australia .
Stołuńsko ( stɔˈwuɲskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Baltimore Hundred is a hundred in the southeastern section of Sussex County , Delaware , United States .
Banca Marche Palace ( or PalaRossini ) is an indoor sports arena , located in Ancona , Italy .
South Kilworth is a village and civil parish in the southern part of Leicestershire , England , south of North Kilworth .
Gazan Khvast ( Persian : گزان خواست‎ , also Romanized as Gazān Khvāst ; also known as Gazān Khodāst , Jazānkhāş , and Jazān Khvāş ) is a village in Rigan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Chalman Rud ( Persian : چلمانرود‎ , also Romanized as Chalmān Rūd ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The St. Jones River is a river flowing to Delaware Bay in central Delaware in the United States .
Tentúgal is a parish of Montemor - o - Velho Municipality , Coimbra District , Portugal .
Stolniki ( stɔlˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Pioneer School House is a historic former school building at 3rd Avenue and Eagle Street in Anchorage , Alaska .
Budhwal is a village in the Mahendragarh district of the Indian state of Haryana near the state border with Rajasthan .
Ranpur is a town located on the bank of the river Bhadar in Botad district , Gujarat , India .
The Silver Peak Range is a mountain range in southwest Esmeralda County , Nevada .
Żonqor Tower ( Maltese : Torri taż - Żonqor ) , originally known as Torre di Zoncol , was a small watchtower near Żonqor Point , limits of Marsaskala , Malta .
The Worcester Center Galleria , located in Downtown Worcester , Massachusetts , was a two level shopping mall which originally opened on July 29 , 1971 as a part of the Worcester Center urban renewal project .
The Lower Lisbon Street Historic District encompasses part of the earlest commercial center of Lewiston , Maine .
Gogebic Community College is a public two - year college located in Ironwood , Michigan , United States , and was founded as Ironwood Junior College in 1932 .
Sunne Municipality ( Swedish : Sunne kommun ) is a municipality in Värmland County in west central Sweden .
The Curtis R. Priem Experimental Media and Performing Arts Center ( EMPAC ) is a multi - venue arts center at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , New York , which opened on October 3 , 2008 .
The Miaoying Temple ( simplified Chinese : 妙应寺 ; traditional Chinese : 妙應寺 ; pinyin : Miàoyìng Sì ) , also known as the `` White Stupa Temple '' ( Chinese : 白塔寺 ; pinyin : Báitǎ Sì ) , is a Chinese Buddhist temple on the north side of Fuchengmennei Street in Xicheng District of Beijing .
Plasmolen is a village in the municipality of Mook en Middelaar , in the province of Limburg in the Netherlands .
The Isaac King House and Barn , located near Philomath , Oregon , is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Ardechive ( Scottish Gaelic : Àird Eachbhaidh ) is a small crofting hamlet , located on the shores of Loch Arkaig , close to Achnasaul and Spean Bridge , county of Inverness - shire , Scotland , within the Scottish council area of Highland .
Campbell Cemetery is a historic cemetery in rural southwestern Randolph County , Arkansas , southeast of Imboden near the Spring River .
Abdolabad - e Gardaneh ( Persian : عبدل ابادگردنه‎ , also Romanized as `` Abdolābād - e Gardaneh ; also known as `` Abdolābād ) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District , Kahrizak District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 661 , in 166 families .
Bronaki - Olki ( brɔˈnaki ˈɔlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Stillhouse Hollow Falls State Natural Area , located in Summertown , is a natural area in Maury County , Tennessee .
Sineu is a municipality in central Majorca , one of the Balearic Islands , Spain .
Lukolayeh ( Persian : لوكلايه‎ , also Romanized as Lūkolāyeh ) is a village in Divshal Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Cheshmeh Gah ( Persian : چشمه گاه‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gāh and Chashmehgāh ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Labette Community College is a two - year accredited college located in Parsons , Kansas , United States .
Kentstown ( Irish : Baile an Cheantaigh ) is a village in County Meath in Ireland at the junction of the R153 and R150 regional roads .
Coos Art Museum is a museum in Coos Bay , operating on the southern coast of the U.S. state of Oregon since 1966 .
Wall Arch was a natural sandstone arch in the Arches National Park in the U.S. state of Utah .
Nahr - e Hoseyn ( Persian : نهرحسين‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e Ḩoseyn ) is a village in Abshar Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dekkhinathiri Township ( Burmese : ဒက္ခိဏသီရိမြို့နယ် ) is one of Naypyidaw Union Territory 's eight townships , located south of Mandalay Region in Burma .
A partnership consisting of Historic Scotland , Scottish Borders Council , Scottish Natural Heritage , Archaeology Scotland , the Friends of Coldingham Priory , and the Tweed Forum was awarded a grant of £ 237,500 from HLF to conserve the ruins of Coldingham Priory and encourage community use of this fascinating site .
The Fitz Henry Lane House is a historic house at 8 Harbor Loop Road , on the harbor side of Rogers Street in Gloucester , Massachusetts .
Pelkan - e Sofla ( Persian : پلكان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Pelkān - e Soflá ) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Port au Choix or Port aux Choix is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Appalachian Ski Mountain is a ski area in the eastern United States , one of three ski mountains in the Watauga County area of western North Carolina .
Chestnut Ridge Church is a nondenominational , evangelical megachurch in Morgantown , West Virginia .
Mississippi County Airport ( ICAO : KCHQ , FAA LID : CHQ ) is a public use airport in Mississippi County , Missouri , United States .
Hasan Aqeh ( Persian : حسن اقه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Āqeh and Ḩasanāqeh ; also known as Ḩasan Neh ) is a village in Golmakan Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rothwesten is a village in the municipality Fuldatal , in the Kassel district , Hesse , Germany .
Fajada Butte is a butte in Chaco Culture National Historical Park , in northwest New Mexico .
Lih Kolam ( Persian : ليه كلام‎ , also Romanized as Līh Kolām ; also known as Likolom ) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Frank G. Bloom House or Bloom Mansion is located in Trinidad , Colorado , USA , which is within Las Animas County .
Thepperamanallur is a revenue village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Old Indian Cemetery or `` Old Cemetery '' is an historic cemetery at 50 Cottage Street in West Brookfield , Massachusetts .
ETSU / Mountain States Health Alliance Athletic Center , previously known as the Memorial Center , and popularly referred to as the `` Mini - Dome '' , is an 8,539-seat multi - purpose arena on the campus of East Tennessee State University in Johnson City , Tennessee .
Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital is a hospital in the city of Santa Barbara , California .
The Ylikiiminki Church is an evangelical Lutheran church in Ylikiiminki , Oulu .
Saidabad is a major residential and commercial hub located in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Březiněves is a municipal district ( městská část ) and cadastral area ( katastrální území ) in Prague .
Yerba Buena Island sits in the San Francisco Bay between San Francisco and Oakland , California .
Bensheim - Auerbach station is a station on the Main - Neckar Railway in the Bensheim district of Auerbach on the Mountain Road in the German state of Hesse .
Somaqan ( Persian : سماقان‎‎ , also Romanized as Somāqān ) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Nandong ( Chinese : 南董镇 ) is a township - level division of Gaocheng , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Alison Bay ( Greenlandic : Kullorsuup Kangerlua ) is a bay in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Popki ( ˈpɔpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Westheimer Road is an arterial east - west road in Houston , Texas , United States .
Andslimoen is a village along the river Målselva in the Målselvdalen valley in the western part of the municipality of Målselv , in Troms county , Norway .
WJEJ is licensed to Hagerstown , Maryland , serving Hagerstown and Eastern Washington County , Maryland .
Gittruper See is a lake in Münsterland , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Męczyn - Kolonia ( ˈmɛnt͡ʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Daniel S. Schanck Observatory is a former astronomical observatory on the Queens Campus of Rutgers University in New Brunswick , New Jersey , United States .
The Rockhal is a concert hall in Esch - sur - Alzette , in southern Luxembourg .
Labeshka ( Persian : لبشكا‎ , also Romanized as Labeshkā ; also known as Lishak and Līshkā ) is a village in Dehshal Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Natkuh ( Persian : نتكوه‎ , also Romanized as Natkūh ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Emamzadeh Esmaeil and Isaiah mausoleum(Persian : امامزاده اسماعیل و مسجد شعیا‎‎ ) is a historical complex in Isfahan , Iran , which dates back to the Seljuk and Safavid era .
Toomevara GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the parish of Toomevara in County Tipperary , Ireland .
Jades ( Persian : جدس‎ , also Romanized as Jaddes ; also known as Ḩadas and Jadīs ) is a village in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ballarat Christian College is an independent , co - educational P-12 day school located in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .
L'Anse - au - Clair is a town in the Labrador portion of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Arkham Asylum is located on the outskirts of Gotham City and is where those of Batman 's foes considered to be mentally ill are patients ( other foes are incarcerated at Blackgate Penitentiary ) .
Spalding Catholic High School was a private , Roman Catholic high school in Granville , Iowa .
Wrest Park is a country estate located near Silsoe , Bedfordshire , England .
Terzorio ( Ligurian : O Tresseu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) southwest of Genoa and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southwest of Imperia .
The Free Library of Philadelphia is the public library system that serves Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The Meguma terrane is a terrane exposed in southern Nova Scotia , that became joined to the present North American landmass as part of the Appalachian orogeny .
The Jonathan Bowers House is a historic round house at 58 Wannalancit Street in Lowell , Massachusetts .
The Musée de l'Homme ( French , `` Museum of Man '' ) is an anthropology museum in Paris , France .
Miedwieżyki ( mʲɛdvʲɛˈʐɨkʲi ) ( Ukrainian : Медвежики , Medvezhyky ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Harry S. Truman Historic District , in Independence , Missouri is closely associated with US President Harry S. Truman and contains the residence where he lived for most of his time in Missouri as well as the Truman Presidential Library .
Walgaon is a small town in Amravati district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Mały Dólsk ( ˈmawɨ ˈdulsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mierno ( ˈmjɛrnɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Moryń , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Parochialkirche ( literally the Reformed parochial church ) is a Reformed church in the Klosterviertel neighbourhood of the Mitte borough in Berlin .
Southeast Polk Community School District , or often shortened to SEP or SE Polk is a school district located in suburban Des Moines and rural Polk County , Iowa .
MacEwan Glen ( commonly known as MacEwan ) is a suburban neighbourhood in northwest Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Ochoco Dam is a dam in Central Oregon , 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) east of Prineville in Crook County , Oregon , in the United States .
Mazraeh - ye Mohasses ( Persian : مزرعه محصص‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḥaṣseṣ ) is a village in Palangabad Rural District , Palangabad District , Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 16 , in 4 families .
North Newnton is a civil parish in Wiltshire , England , 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) southwest of Pewsey .
Valencia College is a public state college in Orlando , Florida , United States .
Castelfiorentino is a town and comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany , halfway between Florence(30 km ) and Pisa(40 km ) .
The Buffington Hotel is an historic hotel in Westville , Oklahoma , United States .
Main campus , Jonesboro , Arkansas Arkansas State University - Paragould , an instructional site of the Jonesboro campus Arkansas State University - Querétaro , A future campus planned to open in Querétaro , Mexico
Hoorn ( ˈɦoːr(ə)n ) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .
Nokhvodkar ( Persian : نخودكار‎ , also Romanized as Nokhvodkār ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
King City Secondary School , or KCSS , is a secondary education facility in King City , Ontario , Canada .
Gweek ( Cornish : Gwig , meaning forest village ) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Ltsen ( Armenian : Լծեն ; also , Lizin , Lizhin , and Ltse ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Hashilan ( Persian : هشيلان‎ , also Romanized as Hashīlān ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Living History Farms is a 500-acre open - air museum located in Urbandale , Iowa .
Kleinblittersdorf ( Previously : Kleinbliederstroff ) is a village and a municipality in the district of Saarbrücken , in Saarland , Germany .
Hajji Musa ( Persian : حاجی موسی‎‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājī Mūsá and Ḩājjī Mūsá ) is a village in Saral Rural District , Saral District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Singaluru is a hamlet of Chandrala in Krishna district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Lock and Dam No . 13 is a lock and dam located on the Upper Mississippi River above Fulton , Illinois and Clinton , Iowa , United States .
The Adult Diagnostic and Treatment Center ( ADTC ) is a secure correctional facility operated by the New Jersey Department of Corrections .
Culebra Creek ( also called Culebra River , Río de la Culebra or Río Culebra ) is a stream in Costilla County , Colorado .
Warnant - Dreye is a sub - municipality in the municipality of Villers - le - Bouillet in the Province of Liège , Belgium , consisting of the villages Dreye and Warnant .
Varkan ( Persian : وركان‎ , also Romanized as Varkān and Warkān ) is a village in Golab Rural District , Barzok District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Bracken House is the residence of the President of Ball State University in Muncie , Indiana .
Lost Valley Educational Center is an intentional community and ecovillage located on 87 acres ( 350,000 m2 ) acres of mostly forested land in Dexter , Oregon , United States , approximately 18 miles ( 29 km ) miles southeast of Eugene .
Las Dębowy ( ˈlas dɛmˈbɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Chenar Hamam ( Persian : چنارحمام‎ , also Romanized as Chenār Ḩamām and Chinār Hamām ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bradley International Airport ( IATA : BDL , ICAO : KBDL , FAA LID : BDL ) is a civil / military airport in Windsor Locks , Connecticut , in Hartford County , Connecticut .
Baskeleh - ye Garmeh ( Persian : باسكله گرمه‎ , also Romanized as Bāskeleh - ye Garmeh ; also known as Bāskeleh Garmeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Zarneh Rural District , Zarneh District , Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Ajin Dojin ( Persian : اجين دوجين‎ , also Romanized as Ājīn Dojīn ) is a village in Chendar Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Abezhdan - e Malmulil ( Persian : ابژدان ملموليل‎ , also Romanized as Ābezhdān - e Malmūlīl ; also known as Ābezhdān - e Malmūlīn ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lao Yao ( Thai : เหล่ายาว ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ban Hong District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 9641 people .
Sapanca is a town and district in the Sakarya Province in the Marmara region of Turkey near Lake Sapanca .
Muruk ( Persian : موروك‎ , also Romanized as Mūrūk ; also known as Marūk , Merūk , Morūk , Mowrak , and Mūrak ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Stare Litewniki ( ˈstarɛ litɛvˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Preston 's Crossing is a diminutive intermediate request stop on the outskirts of Laxey on the Isle of Man forming part of the Manx Electric Railway route to the northern town of Ramsey .
Belogradchik Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Белоградчик ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Vidin Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located in the western parts of the so called Fore - Balkan area .
Kottapadi is a gateway of Guruvayur town in the district of Thrissur , Kerala , South India .
The Seashore Trolley Museum , located in Kennebunkport , Maine , United States , is the world 's oldest and largest museum of mass transit vehicles .
CKAU - FM is a French language First Nations community radio station that operates at 104.5 FM in Maliotenam , Quebec .
The Oviatt Library ( Delmar T. Oviatt Library ) serves the California State University , Northridge ( CSUN ) campus , located in Northridge district of the northern San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles , California .
Columbus North High School ( CNHS ) is one of the public high schools located in Columbus , Indiana .
The Aspotogan Peninsula is a peninsula in the eastern part of Lunenburg County , Nova Scotia , separating St. Margarets Bay in the east from Mahone Bay in the west .
Roma San Pietro railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Roma San Pietro ) is a major station serving the city and comune of Rome , Italy .
The Nisga'a Highway ( Highway 113 ) is a highway in the Regional District of Kitimat - Stikine in British Columbia .
The Église Saint - Bonaventure is one of the churches of the quarter Presqu'île , located on the Place des Cordeliers , in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon .
Kal Geh - ye Sardasht ( Persian : كلگه سردشت‎ ; also known as Kal Gah and Kal Geh ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Pernå is located in the province of Southern Finland and was part of the Eastern Uusimaa region .
Crawfordjohn ( Scottish Gaelic : Creamhain Eòin ) is a small village and civil parish located in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
CFMS - FM , branded as 105.9 The Region , is a new FM radio station , transmitting at 105.9 MHz from Markham , Ontario , Canada .
Framingham State University ( FSU ) is located in Framingham , Massachusetts , United States , 20 miles from Boston .
HMCS Malahat is a training establishment for part - time sailors as well as a local recruitment centre for the Canadian Naval Reserve in Victoria , British Columbia .
The Deptford Mall is a major shopping destination in Deptford Township , Gloucester County , New Jersey , United States .
Chilcombe is a hamlet and civil parish in Dorset , England , situated in the West Dorset administrative district about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) east of Bridport and 10 miles ( 16 km ) west of the county town , Dorchester .
York Terrace overlooks the south side of Regent 's Park in Marylebone , City of Westminster , London , England .
Cluj - Napoca ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈkluʒ naˈpoka ) ) , commonly known as Cluj , is the second most populous city in Romania , after the national capital Bucharest , and the seat of Cluj County in the northwestern part of the country .
Suz ( Persian : سوز‎ , also Romanized as Sūz ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bausen is a municipality in the Aran Valley , Catalonia , Spain , close to the French border .
New Hope A.R.P. Church and Session House is a historic Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church building and Session House located near Winnsboro , Fairfield County , South Carolina .
Gümüşhane Province ( Turkish : Gümüşhane ili ) is a province in northern Turkey , bordering Bayburt to the east , Trabzon to the north , Giresun and Erzincan to the west .
The Flathead , part of Northwestern Montana , is a region of the U.S. state of Montana .
Serijan ( Persian : سريجان‎ , also Romanized as Serījān and Sīrjān ; also known as Sar - i - Jub ) is a village in Qohestan Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Threefoot Building ( sometimes referred to as simply `` The Threefoot '' ) is a historic office building located in downtown Meridian , Mississippi named after the Threefoot family who owned an operated a business in downtown Meridian during the late 19th century and early 20th century .
East Kentwood High School ( EKHS ) is a public high school located just outside the city of Kentwood , Michigan , United States .
Pixie Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country , in the community of Linville .
Parzeh ( Persian : پرزه‎ ) is a village in Rostam - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Tripoli Shrine Temple is a Shriners temple located in the Concordia neighborhood of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Dickinson Dam is a dam in Stark County , North Dakota , one and a half miles west of the town of Dickinson .
The Trinity Centre , formerly the Holy Trinity Church , in Lawrence Hill , Bristol is designated by English Heritage as a grade II * listed building .
The South Branch Rancocas Creek is a 21.7-mile - long ( 34.9 km ) tributary of Rancocas Creek in Burlington County , New Jersey in the United States .
KPCN - LP ( 95.9 FM , `` Radio Movimiento '' ) is a low - power FM radio station licensed to serve Woodburn , Oregon , USA .
Sarab - e Molla Qorbani ( Persian : سراب ملاقرباني‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Mollā Qorbānī ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ewood Park is a football stadium in the English town of Blackburn , Lancashire , and is the home of Blackburn Rovers Football Club -- one of the founder members of the Football League and Premier League .
Delta National Forest is a U.S. National Forest in western Mississippi .
Canning College is an adult education centre located in Bentley , Western Australia .
Saifi Village is a residential upscale neighbourhood in Beirut , Lebanon .
Inootrumangalam ( ஐநூற்றுமங்கலம் ) is a village in Karur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Anjir Sikan - e Bala ( Persian : انجيرسيكان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Anjīr Sīkān - e Bālā ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Czumażówka ( t͡ʂumaˈʐufka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
WLLY - FM ( 99.5 FM , `` La Ley '' ) is a commercial radio station licensed to Palm Beach Gardens , Florida and serving the Greater West Palm Beach area .
Heris County ( Persian : شهرستان هریس‎ ) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran .
The former Chelsea Grammar School is located on Liberty Street in Chelsea , New York , United States .
Zbyluty ( zbɨˈlutɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Licensed to Staples , Minnesota , USA , the station is owned by Hubbard Broadcasting , Inc. , through licensee HBI Radio Brainerd / Wadena , LLC . Hubbard Broadcasting announced on November 13 , 2014 that it would purchase the Omni Broadcasting stations , including KNSP .
Ollersett is an area of New Mills , Derbyshire , England , about 0.5 miles ( 0.80 km ) northeast of the town centre , between St. George 's Road and High Hill Road .
Orchard Square is a small open - air court shopping centre located in Sheffield , England .
Odagaon(Odia : ଓଡଗାଁ ) is a small town in the Nayagarh district of the Indian state of Odisha.it is also known as 2nd srikhetra .
Podzborów ( pɔd͡zˈbɔruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków - Kolonia , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The John C. Boyle Dam is a hydroelectric dam located in southern Oregon , United States .
Łodzinka Górna ( wɔˈd͡ʑiŋka ˈɡurna ) ( Ukrainian : Лодинка-Горішня ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Chu Chua Cottonwood Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located 80 km north of Kamloops and incorporating a group of forested islands in the floodplain of the North Thompson River .
Zanganeh Ganjeh ( Persian : زنگنه گنجه‎ ) is a village in Japelaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Allestree is a suburb and ward of the city of Derby , a unitary authority area , in Derbyshire , England .
Hisarönü is a tourist resort village in the Fethiye district of the Muğla Province of Turkey .
Sussex County Community College ( also known by its acronym SCCC ) is a co - educational , two - year , public , community college located in the town of Newton in Sussex County , New Jersey in the United States .
The Sundberg Block is a commercial building located at 517 - -523 Iron Street in Negaunee , Michigan , USA .
The City Centre Aquatic Complex is an indoor aquatic centre featuring an Olympic size swimming pool in the Town Centre area of Coquitlam , British Columbia .
The Wisp Ski Resort is located next to Deep Creek Lake in the town of McHenry in Garrett County , Maryland .
Mowtowr - e Ayisi Ayzadi ( Persian : موتورعيسي ايزدي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e ʿAyīsī Ayzadī ) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Place du Louvre is immediately to the east of the Palais du Louvre in Paris , France .
Hanuzi ( Persian : هانوزي‎ , also Romanized as Hānūzī and Honnezī ) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tolombeh - ye Seyyed Mohammad ( Persian : تلمبه سيدمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Seyyed Moḩammad ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
San Martino in Pensilis is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) northeast of Campobasso .
Monsummano Terme is an comune located in the Province of Pistoia , Tuscany , central Italy .
Slangenburg Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Slangenburg ) is a castle in the municipality of Doetinchem in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands .
The McKinley National Memorial in Canton , Ohio , United States , is the final resting place of William McKinley , who served as the 25th President of the United States from 1897 to his assassination in 1901 .
The Cathedral of Our Merciful Saviour in Faribault is the oldest cathedral in Minnesota .
Vila de Gràcia ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈbiɫə ðə ˈɣɾasiə ) ) , also known as Gràcia , is a neighborhood in the Gràcia district of Barcelona , Catalonia ( Spain ) .
The Washburn Tunnel is a two - lane underwater motor - vehicle tunnel connecting Galena Park and Pasadena , two suburbs of Houston , Texas .
Litembo is a village in Mbinga district in the Ruvuma Region of the Tanzanian Southern Highlands .
The Total Museum of Contemporary Art ( TMCA ) is a non - profit museum in the Pyeongchang - dong district of Seoul , South Korea .
Roy Kidd Stadium is Eastern Kentucky University 's football stadium in Richmond , Kentucky .
Rekaj ( Persian : ركاج‎ , also Romanized as Rekāj ; also known as Rekāj Kolā ) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Elmo Natali Student Center , commonly referred to as The Union , is the student union building centrally located on the campus of California University of Pennsylvania ( CALU ) .
Deer Park Junior / Senior High School ( DPHS ) is a public high school located in Hamilton County , Ohio , United States , in the city of Deer Park .
Tahiti ( /təˈhiːti/ ; French pronunciation : ​(taˌiti ) ) is the largest island in the Windward group of French Polynesia ; this overseas collectivity of the French Republic is sometimes referred to as an overseas country .
Scott Arboretum ( 357 acres ) is an arboretum located on the campus of Swarthmore College , 500 College Avenue , Swarthmore , Pennsylvania .
Chashu ( Persian : چشو‎ , also Romanized as Chashū ) is a village in Kuhak Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Yellowhead Highway is a major east - west highway connecting the four western Canadian provinces of British Columbia , Alberta , Saskatchewan , and Manitoba .
The Nelson Family Farm is a historic farm property on Shackley Hill Road in Livermore , Maine .
Magna Community Baptist Church ( also known as Magna Community Church ) is a historic church at 2916 S. 8900 West in Magna , Utah .
The O'Neill Building is a landmarked former department store , located at 655 - 671 Sixth Avenue between West 20th and 21st Streets in the Flatiron District neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Dakshin Jhapardaha is a census town under Domjur police station in Sadar subdivision of Howrah district in the state of West Bengal , India .
The Shandaken Tunnel is a tunnel in Eastern New York State , part of the New York City water supply system .
Shatoysky District ( Russian : Шатойский райо́н ; Chechen : Шуьйтан кӏошта ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifteen in the Chechen Republic , Russia . It is located in the south of the republic .
KEQX ( 89.7 FM , `` Pure Country '' ) is a noncommercial radio station licensed to Stephenville , Texas , USA broadcasting a classic country music format .
Ham Polo Club is a Hurlingham Polo Association Polo Club situated in Richmond in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames , southwest London , England .
Phelps Mill is a flour mill in Otter Tail County , Minnesota , United States , on the Otter Tail River .
Press Castle is a village with 17th - century manor house and country estate in the Scottish Borders , 2 m ( 3 km ) west of Coldingham , by the Ale Water .
Blackness Castle is a 15th - century fortress , near the village of Blackness , Scotland , on the south shore of the Firth of Forth .
Narrows Dam is a dam located 6 miles north of Murfreesboro , Arkansas , that impounds the water of the Little Missouri River ( Arkansas ) to create Lake Greeson .
Hunters Green or Hunter 's Green is a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa , Florida .
Bombay House is a historic privately owned building in Fort , Mumbai that serves as the head office of the Tata Group .
Leath Correctional Institution ( LCIW ) is a South Carolina Department of Corrections prison for women located in unincorporated Greenwood County , South Carolina , near Greenwood .
Milenkowce ( milɛŋˈkɔft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Kilchurn Castle is a ruined 15th and 17th century structure on a rocky peninsula at the northeastern end of Loch Awe , in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Lusajny ( luˈsai̯nɨ ) ( German : Luzeinen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Przebieczany ( pʂɛbjɛˈt͡ʂanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupice , within Wieliczka County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
KIXQ ( 102.5 FM , `` KIX 102.5 '' ) is a country music formatted radio station licensed in Joplin , Missouri , and is owned by the Zimmer Radio , Inc. It is the third radio station in the four - state area to multicast in HD Radio .
Kherwara Chhaoni is a census town and tehsil now sub - division ( Upkhand ) headquarters in Udaipur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
The chapel of Our Lady Queen of Peace , or Foujita Chapel , was constructed in 1965 - 1966 at Reims , France .
Tolvandi ( Persian : تلوندي‎ , also Romanized as Tolvandī ; also known as Tāvandī ) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Yuen Long Highway ( Chinese : 元朗公路 ; pinyin : Yuánlǎng Gōnglù ; Cantonese Yale : yun4 long5 gung1 lou6 ) is a Hong Kong road connecting Au Tau in Yuen Long and Lam Tei in Tuen Mun of New Territories .
Vembakkam is a village town panchayat situated in the Thiruvannamalai district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Rancho Llano de Buena Vista was a 8,446-acre ( 34.18 km2 ) Mexican land grant in the Salinas Valley , in present - day Monterey County , California , given in 1823 by Governor Luís Antonio Argüello to José Mariano Estrada .
Lasem ( Persian : لاسم‎ , also Romanized as Lāsem and Lasm ; also known as Lishan ) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Thomas Range is a mountain range of Utah east of the Thomas caldera .
Salmonsdam Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in the Overberg region of the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Rock Springs Elks ' Lodge No . 624 , also known as Elks ' Lodge and denoted 848SW7692 , is a historic building located in Rock Springs , Wyoming .
Ultimate Soccer Arenas is an indoor soccer - specific stadium in Pontiac , Michigan .
Råkvåg , ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈrɔkˌʋɔg ) ) or Råkvågen is a village in the municipality of Rissa in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Sarasota Army Air Field , was a World War II United States Army Air Force located 4.4 miles north - northwest of Sarasota , Florida .
Cham Chareh Seh ( Persian : چم چره سه‎ , meaning `` Cham Chareh 3 '' ) is a village in Dowreh Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Grenora Centennial Airport ( FAA LID : 7N6 ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) northeast of the central business district of the City of Grenora , in Williams County , North Dakota , United States .
The Nevada County Narrow Gauge Railroad & Transportation Museum is a transport museum and heritage railroad located in Nevada City , California .
Osceola National Forest is a National Forest located in Florida .
KGVC - LP ( 94.1 FM , `` Flashback 94 '' ) was a radio station licensed to Des Moines , Iowa , USA and serving the Grand View University area .
Kusehlar - e Sofla ( Persian : كوسه لرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūsehlar - e Soflá ; also known as Kūsālār - e Soflá and Kūsehlar ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Commerce Tower is a 30-story Skyscraper located in Downtown Kansas City , Missouri , USA .
Heath Charnock is a small village and civil parish of the Borough of Chorley in Lancashire , England .
İmamoğlu is a city and district in Adana Province in the Mediterranean region of Turkey , a small agricultural community on a small plain in the hills between the cities of Adana and Kozan , 45 km from Adana , 27 km from Kozan .
Amirabad Ganji ( Persian : اميرابادگنجي‎ , also Romanized as Amīrābād Ganjī ; also known as Amīrābād ) is a village in Qomrud Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Stadion - Thannhausen was a county located in and around Thannhausen in western Bavaria , Germany .
Palmelo is municipality in southeast Goiás state , Brazil .
Packard Motor Car Showroom and Storage Facility is a historic automobile showroom located at Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Mamaria is a village in Rewari mandal of the Rewari district , in the Indian state of Haryana .
Zama Lake is a large lake in the Mackenzie County , in north - western Alberta , Canada .
Iduyeh ( Persian : ايدويه‎ , also Romanized as Īdūyeh ) is a village in Posht Par Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Omandur or Ommandur is a village in Tindivanam taluk of Villupuram district , Tamil Nadu .
Esfanjeh ( Persian : اسفنجه‎ ; also known as Isfanjeh and Esfanjak ) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District , Kamareh District , Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Dastgerd - e Dargaz ( Persian : دستگرددرگاز‎ , also Romanized as Dastgerd - e Dargāz ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The San Rafael Swell is a large geologic feature located in south - central Utah about 30 miles ( 48 km ) west of Green River , Utah .
Najami Ghani Shaer ( Persian : نجمي غني شاعر‎ , also Romanized as Najamī Ghanī Shāʿer ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Capital Ward or Ward 17 ( French : Quartier Capitale ) is a city ward located in the centre of Ottawa , Ontario .
Draycot Cerne ( Draycott ) is a small village and former civil parish in Wiltshire , England , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) north of Chippenham .
Crossing Knob is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country , west from the community of Sugar Grove .
Rozbórz ( ˈrɔzbuʂ ) ( Ukrainian : Розбір , Rozbir ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworsk , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Tampa Bay Executive Airport was a private airport located on State Road 54 in the town of Odessa , Florida .
Histon and Impington are villages in Cambridgeshire , England .
The Donald Pollock House is a house in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , United States , that was built in 1957 .
Kompally is one of the fastest growing suburbs of Hyderabad , India which is located in the Qutubullapur Mandal of Ranga Reddy District The main approach to Kompally is the 250 feet , 6 Lane , NH 7 towards Nagpur and Kompally is just 10 km from Paradise , Secunderabad .
The Sassetti Chapel ( Italian : Cappella Sassetti ) is a chapel in the basilica of Santa Trinita in Florence , Italy .
Tehgak ( Persian : ته گك‎ ; also known as Tegak ) is a village in Marz Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Fichtelberg ( German pronunciation : ( ˈfɪçtəlbɛɐ̯k ) ) is a mountain with two main peaks in the middle of the Ore Mountains in the east German state of Saxony , near the Czech border .
Stalewo ( staˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markusy , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Coulter Field ( IATA : CFD , ICAO : KCFD , FAA LID : CFD ) is a public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of Bryan , in Brazos County , Texas , United States .
Tarakani - ye Pain ( Persian : تركاني پائين‎ , also Romanized as Tarākānī - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Tarākānī - ye Soflá , Tarākānī , Tarkanj , and Tarkūnj ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ghostlight Theatre ( also known as Starry Night Theatre ) is a theater company located in North Tonawanda , New York .
Darreh Kashkin ( Persian : دره كشكين‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Kashkīn ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Fyfield and Tubney is a civil parish in The Vale of White Horse district of Oxfordshire , England .
Bangabad ( Persian : بنگ‌آباد‎ , also Romanized as Bangābād ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jenah Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جناح‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Jenah District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Tombuiyeh ( Persian : تمبوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Tombū’īyeh ; also known as Tomū , Tomū’īyeh , and Yakh Mūr ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Wojtkowice ( vɔi̯tkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Holiday World & Splashin ' Safari ( previously known as Santa Claus Land prior to 1984 ) is a combination theme park and water park , located near Interstate 64 and U.S. 231 in Santa Claus , Indiana , USA .
Candidoni ( Greek : Anthedon ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Reggio Calabria .
The Air Power Park is an outdoor , roadside museum in Hampton , Virginia which recognizes Hampton 's role in America 's early space exploration and aircraft testing .
Greely High School is a public high school for grades 9 to 12 located in Cumberland , Maine , United States .
Pirshahbaz ( Persian : پيرشهباز‎ , also Romanized as Pīrshahbāz ) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District , Sarvelayat District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Carting Island is the largest of the four islands owned by Stratford , Connecticut in the Housatonic River between I-95 and the Merritt Parkway .
Chalin - Kolonia ( ˈxalin kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Cooper Estates is a subdivision community in Northeastern Madison County , Alabama , and is in the United States .
KXGO ( 94.1 FM ) is a radio station in Hydesville , California and serves the Eureka area and airs a sports format and is owned by Lost Coast Communications , Inc.
Panimávida ( in Mapudungun : `` hill of pumas '' ) is a village in the Chilean commune of Colbún , Linares Province , Maule Region .
Zbucz ( zbut͡ʂ ) ( Ukrainian : Збуч , Zbuch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Acacia Demonstration Gardens is a public park in Henderson , Nevada that features many examples of how to landscape in a dry desert climate .
The Chief Master at Arms House is a historic site in DeLand , Florida , United States .
The Ulysses S. Grant Memorial is a presidential memorial in Washington , D.C. , honoring American Civil War general and U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant .
Treguaco ( Spanish pronunciation : ( tɾeˈɣwako ) ) , also spelled as Trehuaco ( ( tɾeˈwako ) ) , is a Chilean city and commune in Ñuble Province , Biobío Region .
Swan Land District is one of the land districts of Western Australia , which is located within the South West Division .
North Hinksey is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire , England , immediately west of Oxford .
Varallo Pombia is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont ( Piemonte ) , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north of Novara .
Droszów ( ˈdrɔʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Haliburton / Stanhope Municipal Airport , ( TC LID : CND4 ) , is located 6.9 nautical miles ( 12.8 km ; 7.9 mi ) northwest of Haliburton , Ontario , Canada .
Rzęsna ( ˈʐɛ̃sna ) ( formerly German Vorbruch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
RiverFront Place Condos is a new condo development located along the riverfront in Downtown Omaha , Nebraska .
Ghuriana is a village in the Abohar block of the Fazilka district , in the state of Punjab , India .
The Fandango Pass ( previously Lassen Pass ; variants Lassen Cut - off , Lassen Horn ) is a gap in the Warner Mountains of Modoc County , California , USA .
South Carolina State University ( often referred to as SCSU ) is a historically black university located in Orangeburg , South Carolina , United States .
Fort Zumwalt West High School , the third high school established in the Fort Zumwalt School District , is located in O'Fallon , Missouri .
Dehestan - e Pain ( Persian : دهستان پایین‎‎ , also Romanized as Dehestān - e Pā’īn or Dehesān - e Pāyīn ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Mhaswad is a town and a municipal council in the Maan taluka in the Satara district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Hal Scott Regional Preserve and Park is a 9,515-acre ( 38.51 km2 ) nature preserve located along the banks of the Econlockhatchee River in east Orange County , Florida , United States .
The Maddron Bald Trail is an American hiking trail in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park of Cocke County , Tennessee .
Wylan ( ˈvɨlan ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Yurd Tall - e Janboli ( Persian : يوردتل جنبلي‎ , also Romanized as Yūrd Tall - e Janbolī ) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District , Kordian District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bale Grist Mill State Historic Park is a California state park located in Napa County between St. Helena and Calistoga .
The West Fork Little Kanawha River is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River , 48.1 miles ( 77.4 km ) long , in west - central West Virginia in the United States .
The Vorous General Store is a historic general store in Fish Creek , Wisconsin .
Crank House , also known as Fair Oaks Ranch , is an 1882 Victorian style residence in Altadena , Los Angeles County , California .
The Homewood Museum is a historical museum located on the Johns Hopkins University campus in Baltimore , Maryland .
Poovarany is a village in Meenachil Pachayath , Palai , Kottayam district , Kerala , India . The name poovarany means jungle of flowers .
Govareshk ( Persian : گوارشك‎ , also Romanized as Govāreshk , Gavāreshg , Gavāreshk , and Gavārishk ) is a village in Darzab Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Passo Corese is a precinct of Fara in Sabina , 35 km from Rome , Italy .
Feanwâlden ( Dutch : Veenwouden ) is a village in the Dantumadiel municipality of Friesland , the Netherlands .
The Edgar Allan Poe House and Museum , located at 203 North Amity St. in Baltimore , Maryland , is the former home of American writer Edgar Allan Poe in the 1830s .
Prado Reservoir is a reservoir in northwestern Riverside County and southwestern San Bernardino County , a couple of miles west of the city of Corona , in the U.S. state of California .
Seguam Island ( Aleut : Saĝuugamax ) is a small volcanic island in the Andreanof Islands group in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska .
Drummuir ( Scottish Gaelic : Druim Iubhair ) is a small village in Scotland , in the traditional county of Banffshire , and in the Moray council area .
George Washington Carver National Monument is a unit of the National Park Service located about two miles west of Diamond , Missouri ; the national monument was founded on July 14 , 1943 , by Franklin Delano Roosevelt who dedicated $ 30,000 US to the monument .
Champua is a notified area council in Kendujhar district in the state of Odisha , India .
Jakuby ( jaˈkubɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Poletyły ( pɔlɛˈtɨwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Stare Budy Radziejowskie ( ˈstarɛ ˈbudɨ rad͡ʑɛˈjɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Fossil Butte National Monument is a United States National Monument managed by the National Park Service , located 15 miles ( 24 km ) west of Kemmerer , Wyoming , USA .
Osnowo ( ɔsˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Merlyn G. Cook School , also known as the Merizo School , is a historic former school building on GU 4 in Merizo , Guam .
Snežnik Castle ( Slovene : Grad Snežnik , German : Schloß Schneeberg ) is a 13th - century castle located in the southwest part of the Lož Valley near the settlement of Kozarišče in the municipality of Loška Dolina , Slovenia .
Hausen bei Brugg ( prior to 2003 : Hausen ) is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The National Museum of Oriental Art ( Italian : Museo Nazionale d'Arte Orientale ) is an important museum in Rome , Italy , dedicated to the arts of the Orient , from the Middle East to Japan .
Goriziyeh ( Persian : گريزيه‎ , also Romanized as Gorīzīyeh ) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Arwarton or Erwarton is a small village and civil parish in the Babergh district of Suffolk , England .
The Bishop Road Site in Campbell County , Wyoming is an archeological site along Piney Creek .
Unterallgäu is a Kreis ( district ) in Swabia , Bavaria , Germany .
Kilberry ( Scottish Gaelic : Cill Bheiridh ) is a village in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Bash Mahalleh ( Persian : باش محله‎ , also Romanized as Bāsh Maḩalleh and Bāsh Maḩaleh ) is a village in Sangar Rural District , in the Central District of Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Loring - Greenough House is the last surviving 18th century residence in Sumner Hill , a historic section of Jamaica Plain , Massachusetts , a neighborhood of Boston .
Varqaneh ( Persian : ورقنه‎ , also Romanized as Varghāneh and Warghaneh ) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Union Grange Hall is an historic wooden Grange hall located in the village of Slatersville in the town of North Smithfield , Rhode Island .
Radlovići ( Cyrillic : Радловићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dehqanabad - e Chulak ( Persian : دهقان ابادچولك‎ , also Romanized as Dehqānābād - e Chūlak ; also known as Dehqānābād ) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Kuri Hayati ( Persian : كوري حياتي‎ , also Romanized as Kūrī Ḩayātī and Kūrīḩayātī ) is a village in Kuri Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Samtenling Gewog ( Dzongkha : བསམ་གཏན་གླིང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Sarpang District , Bhutan .
Campo de Fútbol Municipal de Barreiro is an all - seater football stadium located in Lavadores , Vigo .
Daren is a hamlet bach in the community of Trefeurig , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 73.2 miles ( 117.7 km ) from Cardiff and 174.5 miles ( 280.8 km ) from London .
The Holme ( Saxon : `` river island '' ) is a mansion located on Inner Circle by Regent 's Park in the City of Westminster , London , England .
Aigües ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈajɣwes ) , Spanish : Aguas de Busot ) is a municipality in the comarca of Alacantí in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Chah - e Payih ( Persian : چاه پايه‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Pāyīh ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Oxford Casino is a casino in Oxford , Maine , owned and operated by Churchill Downs Inc. It has 848 slot machines and 22 table games .
Mian Kabud - e Qasem ( Persian : ميان كبودقاسم‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Kabūd - e Qāsem ; also known as Kowkow , Kūkū , and Mīān Kabūd ) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
South Schraalenburgh Church , also known as South Presbyterian Church , was founded 1723 in Bergenfield , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States as a Dutch reformed church , as an alternative place of worship , as the nearest church was located in Hackensack .
Opaka Duża ( ɔˈpaka ˈduʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Glenroy Specialist School provides education for students with physical disabilities from prep to year 12 in the northern region of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Birnbeck Pier is a pier situated on the Bristol Channel in Weston - super - Mare , North Somerset , England , approximately 18 miles ( 29 km ) south west of Bristol .
Confines is a town and municipality in the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia .
Arlington Mill Reservoir , known locally as Arlington Pond , is a 269-acre ( 109 ha ) impoundment located in Rockingham County in southern New Hampshire , United States , in the town of Salem .
Herbert H. Lehman High School is a public high school at 3000 East Tremont Avenue , in the Bronx , New York City , U.S.A. The school is named after former New York State Governor Herbert Henry Lehman ( 1878 -- 1963 ) .
Tarczek ( ˈtart͡ʂɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów , within Starachowice County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Samsung völlurinn also known as Stjörnuvöllur is a football stadium in Garðabær .
Ardak ( Persian : ارداق‎ , also Romanized as Ordak ; also known as Ardad ) is a city in and the capital of Dashtabi District , in Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Meager Creek is a creek in the southern Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia , Canada .
Beckett Park is a residential area and a large park in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
The Louisville Public Library , or LPL , is located in Louisville , Ohio , United States .
Manhattan Hill ( Chinese : 曼克頓山 ) is a high - rise development located in the Lai Chi Kok district of Kowloon in Hong Kong , formerly Kowloon Motor Bus Lai Chi Kok Depot .
Partridge Cottage is a historic apartment house and cure cottage located at Saranac Lake , town of North Elba in Essex County , New York .
Lake Windigo is a small lake on Star Island in northern Minnesota , United States .
Aristoi Classical Academy , formerly West Houston Charter School , is a state charter school in Katy , Texas .
Deh - e Qotbi ( Persian : ده قطبي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Qoṭbī ; also known as Ḩasanābād - e Qoṭbī ) is a village in Javar Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kilverstone is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk east of Thetford .
Salado United Methodist Church is a historic church at Thomas Arnold Road and Church Street in Salado , Texas .
First Baptist Church of Springdale , located in Springdale , is the largest church in the state of Arkansas .
The Fine Arts and Flower Building , Altamont Fairground , also known as Exhibition Hall , was built in 1896 as part of the Altamont Fairgrounds in Village of Altamont , New York , near Albany .
Świeciechów ( ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕɛxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bad Elster ( German pronunciation : ( ˌbaːt ˈɛlstɐ ) ) is a spa town in the Vogtlandkreis district , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Assiano is a rural district ( `` quartiere '' ) of Milan , Italy , part of the Zone 7 administrative division .
Coaster II , also known as Quissett , is a two - masted sailing schooner moored at the far western end of the Main Pier at Mattson Lower Harbor Park , off Harbor Drive in Marquette , Michigan .
Qanat Kuchek - e Olya ( Persian : قنات كوچكعليا‎ , also Romanized as Qanāt Kūcheḵ - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 15 , in 4 families .
Waszulki ( vaˈʂulki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Glen Aulin High Sierra Camp is an established campground -- one of six High Sierra Camps -- located in Glen Aulin next to the Tuolumne River in Yosemite National Park in California , in the Sierra Nevada .
The United States Census Bureau defines the Rochester , Minnesota Metropolitan Statistical Area as an area consisting of three counties in southeast Minnesota , anchored by the city of Rochester .
Khvajeh Jarrah ( Persian : خواجه جراح‎ , also Romanized as Khvājeh Jarrāḩ ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Botanical Garden of the University of Zurich ( German : Botanischer Garten der Universität Zürich ) is a botanical garden in the Swiss city of Zurich .
The Grant ( formerly One Museum Park West ) is the companion structure to One Museum Park in the Near South Side community area ( neighborhood ) in Chicago , Illinois , USA .
Calvert Cliffs State Park is a state - owned , public recreation area in Lusby , Calvert County , Maryland .
Nether Wasdale is a village in Cumbria , England , located in the Wasdale valley , near the River Irt and just over a mile to the west of the Wastwater lake .
Shaw Nature Reserve , formerly known as Shaw Arboretum , is a 2,400 acres ( 9.7 km2 ) private nature reserve located in Gray Summit , Missouri , that is operated as an extension of the Missouri Botanical Garden .
Clinton - Sherman Air Force Base ( 1954 - -1969 ) is a former United States Air Force Strategic Air Command base located near the town of Burns Flat in Washita County , Oklahoma , 15 miles ( 24 km ) southwest of the city of Clinton , Oklahoma .
Stow of Wedale , or simply Stow , /ˈstaʊ/ is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , seven miles north of Galashiels .
The Abijah Thomas House is an historic octagon house located southwest of Marion , Virginia , United States , on VA 657 .
The Hopewell Mills District is a historic district on Bay Street and Albro Avenue in Taunton , Massachusetts .
The Wilburton Inn is a historic hotel , restaurant , and estate located in Manchester Village , Vermont .
Located on Kharg Island is Kharg , the only city in the Kharg District .
Baramulla district is one of the 22 districts in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Woolton ( local /ˈwuːltən/ ) , originally Much Woolton , is an affluent suburb of Liverpool , England and a Liverpool City Council Ward .
The Los Angeles Center for Enriched Studies is a public university preparatory secondary school located on 18th Street between La Cienega Boulevard and Fairfax Avenue in the Faircrest Heights district of Los Angeles , California , on the former site of Louis Pasteur Middle School .
Pé de Serra ( Mountain Foot in English ) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Bahia .
Stawidła ( staˈvidwa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pieńczykowo ( pjɛɲt͡ʂɨˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Shahzavar ( Persian : شهزوار‎ , also Romanized as Shahzavār ) is a village in Chashm Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Mirabad - e Rigan ( Persian : ميرابادريگان‎ , also Romanized as Mīrābād - e Rīgān and Mīrābād Rīgān ; also known as Mīrābād and Pīrābād ) is a village in Rigan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Orange Park Mall is a shopping mall located in Bellair - Meadowbrook Terrace , an unincorporated suburban area just west of Orange Park , Florida , United States .
KJRV ( 93.3 FM , `` Big Jim 93.3 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Wessington Springs , South Dakota serving the Huron - Mitchell area .
The Magic of Disney Animation was a show and tour at Disney 's Hollywood Studios , Florida .
WMWC is the student - run campus radio station of the University of Mary Washington in Fredericksburg , Virginia .
Sasek Mały ( ˈsasɛk ˈmawɨ ) ( German : Paterschobensee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cape Howe is a coastal headland in eastern Australia , forming the south - eastern end of the Black - Allan Line , a portion of the border between New South Wales and Victoria .
The Barnesville Petroglyph is a well - known petroglyph site in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio .
Mount Sunapee Resort is a ski area and resort located in Mount Sunapee State Park in Newbury , New Hampshire , United States .
Mount Washington Transit Tunnel is an important public transportation link in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Dowlatkand ( Persian : دولت كند‎ ; also known as Dowlatshāh ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Rowarth is a hamlet about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) north of New Mills in the High Peak borough of Derbyshire , England .
Bonud ( Persian : بنود‎ , also Romanized as Bonūd , Banood , and Banūd ; also known as Bunūt ) is a village in Chah - e Mobarak Rural District , Chah - e Mobarak District , Asaluyeh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Sapulpa High School is a public high school in Sapulpa , Oklahoma , USA serving 1,157 students in grades 10 - 12 .
Boonoo Boonoo National Park ( pronounced ' bunna bunoo ' ) is a national park in New South Wales , Australia , 571 km north of Sydney and 26 kilometres north east of Tenterfield off Woodenbong Road .
The Royal Saudi Air Force Museum or Saqr Al - Jazira is located on the East Ring Road of Riyadh between exits 10 and 11 .
Mineral Mound State Park is a park located on the shores of Lake Barkley in Lyon County , Kentucky , United States .
Lipowa Góra Wschodnia ( liˈpɔva ˈɡura ˈfsxɔdɲa ) ( German : Lindenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Warblewko ( varˈblɛfkɔ ) ( German Neu Warbelow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Jafarabad - e Baqeraf ( Persian : جعفرابادباقراف‎ , also Romanized as Ja``farābād - e Bāqerāf ; also known as Ja``farābād - e Bāqerāt ) is a village in Aftab Rural District , Aftab District , Tehran County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 518 , in 109 families .
Eagles Mere Historic District is a national historic district in the mountain lake resort of Eagles Mere in Shrewsbury Township , Sullivan County , Pennsylvania .
Kirchseeon is a market town in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg and lies 15 km east of Munich city limits .
Fair Grove Methodist Church Cemetery is a historic church cemetery associated with the Fair Grove Methodist Church at South Thomasville , Davidson County , North Carolina .
Sakharwadi is a town and Gram Panchayat of Phaltan tehsil , Satara district , Maharashtra , India .
Downtown Knoxville is the downtown area of Knoxville , Tennessee , USA .
Hanover Lutheran Church is a Lutheran congregation located in Cape Girardeau , Missouri which is a member of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod .
The Hôtel de Blossac is an 18th - century hôtel particulier in the historic center of Rennes , Brittany .
Bask - e Do ( Persian : باسكدو‎ , also Romanized as Bāsk - e Do ) is a village in Bask - e Kuleseh Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bazvash ( Persian : بزوش‎ ) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Queenscliff High Light , also variously known as the Black Lighthouse , Fort Queenscliff Lighthouse or Shortland Bluff Light , stands in the grounds of Fort Queenscliff in Queenscliff , Victoria , Australia .
Waltham Windmill is a six - sailed windmill located in the village of Waltham , five miles from Grimsby in North East Lincolnshire , England .
Mordoğan is a sea - side township with own municipality in Karaburun district in Turkey 's Izmir Province .
Gosanimari is both a village and an archaeological site in Cooch Behar district of West Bengal , north - eastern India .
Regions Hospital is a teaching hospital located in St. Paul , Minnesota , part of the HealthPartners system .
Cass Street Park is a public art work by American artist Marina Lee , located on the east side of Milwaukee , Wisconsin at 1647 N. Cass St. The work was created as part of a revitalization effort .
Friedensfeld Midlands Moravian Church and Manse are historic buildings in Christiansted , Virgin Islands .
Kalgeh ( Persian : كلگه‎ ) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Grabanów - Kolonia ( ɡraˈbanuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Maesybont is a small village near Gorslas in west Wales .
J. Sterling Morton High School East ( often called Morton East ) is a public secondary school located in Cicero , Illinois .
The Rheinstadion was a multi - purpose stadium , in Düsseldorf , Germany .
West Hallam is a large village close to Ilkeston in the County of Derbyshire in the East Midlands region of England .
Wells Dam is a hydroelectric dam located on the Columbia River , downstream from the confluence of the Okanogan River , Methow River , and the Columbia River in Washington State .
Abu Dabis ( Persian : ابودبس‎ , also Romanized as Ābū Dabis ) is a village in Kut - e Abdollah Rural District , in the Central District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
St Giles - without - Cripplegate is a Church of England church in the City of London , located on Fore Street within the modern Barbican complex .
Barkala ( Persian : باركلا‎ , also Romanized as Bārkalā ) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mydlita ( mɨˈdlita ) ( German : Buchwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Winston - Salem Beltway is a proposed freeway loop around the North Carolina city of Winston - Salem .
Jourian town and a notified area committee in Jammu district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Robat - e Namaki ( Persian : رباطنمكي‎‎ , also Romanized as Robāţ - e Namakī and Rubāt - i - Namak ; also known as Robāţ ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Toodyay District High School is a co - educational state school located in Toodyay , Western Australia .
Eholt is a ghost town in British Columbia , Canada , 14 km from present day Greenwood .
Sargaz - e Khazor Safakalinu ( Persian : سرگزخضرصفاكلينو‎ , also Romanized as Sargaz - e Khaz̤or Şafākalīnū ; also known as Gūr Şafā and Sargaz ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
White Knoll High School is a public high school in Lexington , South Carolina that provides education for ninth through twelfth grades , serving communities of West Columbia and Lexington , South Carolina .
Khuman Lampak Main Stadium is an stadium in Imphal , India .
WAOB - FM is licensed to Beaver Falls , Pennsylvania , broadcasts at 106.7 MHz . Its transmitter is located in Wexford , Pennsylvania .
The H. Carl Moultrie Courthouse is a courthouse of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia located at 500 Indiana Avenue NW , in the Judiciary Square neighborhood of Washington , D.C.
Bellingrath Gardens and Home is the 65-acre ( 26 ha ) public garden and historic home of Walter and Bessie Bellingrath , located on the Fowl River in Theodore , near Mobile , Alabama .
The Ku - ring - gai Chase National Park is a protected national park that is located in New South Wales , Australia .
KSWB - TV Tower is a 68.2 metre high guyed television tower at San Diego , California , United States at 32 ° 41′47``N 116 ° 56′10''W. KSWB - TV Tower was built in 1984 and is used by KSWB - TV Channel 69 in San Diego .
Boston Medical Center ( BMC ) is a non - profit 496-bed academic medical center in Boston , Massachusetts .
The Swiftwater Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge which carries Valley Road over the Wild Ammonoosuc River in Bath , New Hampshire .
Fort Blount was a frontier fort and federal outpost located along the Cumberland River in Jackson County , Tennessee , United States .
Bail ' Iochdrach or Baliochrach ( Scottish Gaelic : Am Baile Ìochdrach ) is a village on Benbecula in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Makhuea Chae ( Thai : มะเขือแจ้ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Lamphun District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 15,249 people .
Kiashahr District ( Persian : بخش کیاشهر‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Barming Heath is an area of NW Maidstone in Kent , England .
Van Ness Avenue is a north - south thoroughfare in San Francisco , California , running from Market St north to the Bay .
Milbourne is a small hamlet on the eastern edge of Malmesbury , Wiltshire , England .
O'Sheas Casino is a casino located within The Linq Resort and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada .
Gmurowo ( ɡmuˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mat - Su Regional Medical Center is a 74-bed general hospital in the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Sooke Potholes Regional Park is a 55 hectare ( 136 acre ) park along the Sooke River in British Columbia , known for its rocky pools and canyon - like features .
Silsden is a town and civil parish situated in West Yorkshire , England .
Harris - Poindexter House and Store is a historic home , store , and farm complex located at Mineral , Louisa County , Virginia .
Centelles ( Catalan pronunciation : ( sənˈteʎəs ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in Catalonia , Spain .
The University Golf Club is a public golf club located in Pacific Spirit Regional Park near the city of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada and the University of British Columbia .
Kananga , formerly known as Luluabourg or Luluaburg , is the capitial city of Kasaï - Occidental Province and is intended as the capital of the proposed Lulua Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Nordby Station is a railway station located two kilometers north of Jessheim in Ullensaker , Norway on the Trunk Line .
The West Morris Regional High School District is a limited purpose regional public high school district in New Jersey that serves students from the surrounding Morris County communities of Chester Borough , Chester Township , Mendham Borough , Mendham Township and Washington Township .
Shiyan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شيان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Wetlands Preserve , commonly referred to as `` Wetlands '' , was a nightclub that provided a habitat for nightlife in New York City for nearly thirteen years .
Providence Newberg Medical Center is a not - for - profit Level IV acute care hospital in Newberg , Oregon , United States .
Dashuibo ( Chinese : 大水泊镇 ) is a town in Wendeng , Weihai , in eastern Shandong province , China .
Twemlow is a civil parish , containing the village of Twemlow Green in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Tan - Tar - A Resort Seaplane Base ( FAA LID : 19 T ) is a privately owned , public - use seaplane base located six nautical miles ( 11 km ) north of the central business district of Osage Beach , in Camden County , Missouri , United States .
Heald Stream Falls is a waterfall in Maine , United States , about 6 miles ( 10 km ) from the US--
Newai / Niwai ( Hindi : निवाई ) is a city , municipality and tehsil in Tonk district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Răchitova ( Hungarian : Reketyefalva ) is a commune in Hunedoara County , Romania .
Stoneleigh Abbey is a large country mansion situated to the southwest of the village of Stoneleigh , Warwickshire , England .
Kashantu ( Persian : كاشانتو‎ , also Romanized as Kāshāntū ) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District , Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Nong Nam ( Thai : หนองหนาม ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Lamphun District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 4876 people .
Demopolis Town Square , currently officially known as Confederate Park , is a historic park in the city of Demopolis , Alabama , United States .
Arteh ( Persian : ارته‎ ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Liaoning Provincial Museum ( Chinese : trad . 遼寧省博物館 , simp . 辽宁省博物馆 , Liáoníngshěng Bówùguǎn ) is a prominent museum of history and fine arts located in Shenyang , the capital of China 's Liaoning province .
Ratowiec ( raˈtɔvjɛt͡s ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Vallibona ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˌvaʎiˈβɔna ) ) is a small town and municipality located in the Ports comarca , province of Castelló , part of the autonomous community of Valencia , Spain .
The Spanish Peaks Wilderness is a 19,226 acres ( 77.80 km2 ) wilderness area in Huerfano County and Las Animas County , Colorado , United States , located 20 miles ( 32 km ) southwest of Walsenburg .
Myślec ( ˈmɨɕlɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Sartakarat ( Persian : سرتاكرات‎ , also Romanized as Sartākarāt ) is a village in Langarud Rural District , Salman Shahr District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Benvid - e Sofla ( Persian : بنويدسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Benvīd - e Soflá ; also known as Bambīz - e Pā’īn , Benoyd - e - Soflā , and Benvīd - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Bafran Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Reid Memorial Presbyterian Church is an architecturally significant church located at 11th and North `` A '' Streets in Richmond , Indiana .
Kolonia Góra Puławska ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɡura puˈwafska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Smith - Marcuse - Lowry House is an historic home in the Hyde Park Historic District in Austin , Texas .
Tribal Research Institute Museum is a museum in Bhubaneswar , Odisha inside the campus of Scheduled Castes & Scheduled Tribes Research & Training Institute .
Chróstno ( ˈxrustnɔ ) ( formerly Zalesie , German : Saliswalde ) is a village located in Poland , in the Opole Voivodeship , Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce .
Horse Island Light , also known as Sackets Harbor Light , is located on Horse Island in Sackets Harbor , Jefferson County in New York on Lake Ontario .
Krajewo - Wierciochy ( kraˈjɛvɔ vjɛrˈt͡ɕɔxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Branica Radzyńska - Kolonia ( braˈnit͡sa raˈd͡zɨɲska kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kolonia Sól ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈsul ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The O. C. Barber Creamery , built in 1909 , is an historic farm building located at 365 Portsmouth Avenue on the Anna - Dean Farm in Barberton , Ohio .
Glanów ( ˈɡlanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzyciąż , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Zaręby - Krztęki ( zaˈrɛmbɨ ˈkʂtɛŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Miłkowice - Maćki ( miu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmat͡ɕki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hoensbroek is a Dutch town in the municipality of Heerlen .
Giant Marsh is a wetland made up of mud flats , and tidal flats on the eastern San Francisco Bay in Richmond , Northern California .
Hampstead Norreys ( alternatively spelt Hampstead Norris as it is pronounced ) is a village and civil parish in Berkshire , England .
Darreh Bagh - e Mohammad Hoseyn ( Persian : دره باغ محمدحسين‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Bāgh - e Moḩammad Ḩoseyn ; also known as Darreh Bāgh - e Dovvom and Darreh Bāgh ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sauga Parish is located at the Pärnu County Center .
Green River Presbyterian Church ( also known as Green River Bible Church ) is a historic Presbyterian church at 134 W. Third Avenue in Green River , Utah .
Gov. James Ponder House is a historic home located at Milton , Sussex County , Delaware .
Runice ( ruˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sullivan Central High School is a 9th through 12th grade high school in Blountville , Tennessee .
Podkiejsze ( pɔtˈkʲɛi̯ʂɛ ) ( German : Niedereck ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nokomis High School is a coed public high school located in Nokomis , Illinois in Montgomery County serving Community Unit School District 22 .
Unieck ( ˈuɲet͡sk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Krzyżewo - Marki ( kʂɨˈʐɛvɔ ˈmarki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Auchmithie is a former fishing village in Angus , Scotland , three miles north east of the town of Arbroath .
The Monterey Peninsula is located on the central California coast and comprises the cities of Monterey , Carmel , and Pacific Grove , and unincorporated areas of Monterey County including the resort and community of Pebble Beach .
West York Area High School is a high school located at 1800 Bannister Street , York in York County in south central Pennsylvania .
The Liberty / Paramount Theatre is an early movie palace located on West Federal Street and Hazel Avenue in Youngstown , Ohio .
The Oak Ballroom is a historic building in Schuyler , Nebraska constructed with dozens of native oak trees hauled to the building site from the nearby Platte River using horse and buggies .
The Kalita Humphreys Theater is a historic theater in Dallas , Texas ( USA ) .
The Phillip Burton Wilderness is part of the 111 sq . mile ( 288 km2 ) Point Reyes National Seashore located about 20 miles ( 32 km ) northeast of San Francisco , California .
Benalto / Hillman 's Farm Aerodrome ( TC LID : CBH7 ) is a registered aerodrome located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6.9 mi ) south of Benalto , Alberta , Canada .
Qadimi ( Persian : قديمي‎ , also Romanized as Qadīmī ) is a village in Tork - e Gharbi Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Morristown High School ( or MHS ) is a four - year public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from three communities in Morris County , New Jersey , United States , operating as part of the Morris School District .
The Pacific Buddhist Academy is a private , co - educational college preparatory high school in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Bagshot Park is on Bagshot Heath , a fifty square - mile tract of formerly open land in Surrey and Berkshire .
Daskalakis Athletic Center ( DAC ) is a 300,000 square - foot athletic and recreational facility in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Hoskera ( Kannada : ) is a panchayat village in Shahapur taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka state , India .
Cribarth or Sleeping Giant is a hill in the Brecon Beacons National Park ( Parc Cenedlaethol Bannau Brycheiniog ) in Powys , southern Wales .
Hoffman Marsh is a wetlands on San Francisco Bay in Richmond , California .
Chek Lap Kok is an island in the western waters of Hong Kong .
Nohokomeen Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington , in a cirque on the north slope of Jack Mountain .
Karakoçan ( Ottoman Turkish : تپه‎ Hill , Kurdish : Dep‎ , Armenian : Oxi ) is a town and district of Elazığ Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey .
The Villa Ingenheim is an historic building in the suburbs west of Brandenburg Potsdam .
Okrouhlička ( until 1945 Šejdorf , German : Scheibelsdorf ) is a small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District , Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Eprapah Creek ( longitude 153.30º East , latitude -27.567º South ) is a sub - tropical stream located in Redland City close to Brisbane in South East Queensland , Australia .
Gare de Daours is a railway station serving the French towns of Daours and Aubigny in the Somme department .
Païta ( French pronunciation : ​(pajta ) ) is a commune in the suburbs of Nouméa in the South Province of New Caledonia , an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean .
Barger - Oosterveld is a hamlet in the Netherlands , part of the Emmen municipality in Drenthe .
WIDR is a freeform FM radio station that broadcasts from the Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo , Michigan .
Huopalahti railway station ( Finnish : Huopalahden rautatieasema , Swedish : Hoplax järnvägsstation ) is a railway station on the VR commuter rail network located in northern Helsinki , Finland .
Różankowo ( ruʐaŋˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Villa St. Rose , located in north Portland , Oregon , is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Eid og Voll ( historically : Voll og Eid ) is a former municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Spring Villa is a historic Carpenter Gothic plantation house on the outskirts of Opelika , Alabama .
Lakhpur is a village near Sahni ( Lakhpur - Sahni ) , Tehsil Phagwara , Kapurthala district , in Punjab , India .
Stare Węgorzynko ( ˈstarɛ vɛnɡɔˈʐɨnkɔ ) ( German : Wangerin B ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Tetagunta is one of the villages in Tuni Mandal in East Godavari District in Andhra Pradesh State and is located 14.1 km from its Mandal main town Tuni .
Behruzabad - e Sofla ( Persian : بهروزابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Behrūzābād - e Soflá ; also known as Behrūzābād ) is a village in Qaryah ol Kheyr Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Contra Costa Community College District is a community college district that encompasses three community colleges in Contra Costa County , California - Contra Costa College , Diablo Valley College and Los Medanos College .
The Walter - Gimble House is located in the west end of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Wake Christian Academy is a private kindergarten , middle , and high school campus located in Raleigh , North Carolina , off US Hwy . 401 .
The Poteau River is a 141-mile - long ( 227 km ) river in the U.S. states of Arkansas and Oklahoma and is the only river in Oklahoma that flows north .
Mahruzeh ( Persian : ماهروزه‎ , also Romanized as Māhrūzeh ; also known as Māhrazeh , Māraz , Mārūzak , and Maruze ) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar - e Anzali County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology ( BFIT ) in Boston , Massachusetts , is a non - profit private college of engineering and industrial technologies established in 1908 with funds bequeathed in Benjamin Franklin 's will .
Stasi Las ( ˈstaɕi ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock , within Legionowo County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Townsend Cemetery is located atop one of the most distinguished hills surrounding Oyster Bay , New York , USA .
The Havre Residential Historic District is a National Registered Historic Place encompassing 36 blocks in Havre , Montana .
Pine Creek Gorge , sometimes called The Grand Canyon of Pennsylvania , is a 47-mile ( 76 km ) gorge carved by Pine Creek in Pennsylvania .
Toruniak ( tɔˈruɲak ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Raghudebbati is a census town under Sankrail police station in Sadar subdivision of Howrah district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Jereh and Baladeh District ( Persian : بخش جره و بالاده‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Interlaken Mill Bridge is an historic bridge spanning the Pawtuxet River at the site of the former Arkwright and Interlaken mill complexes in Coventry , Rhode Island .
Rejsyty ( rɛi̯ˈsɨtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Building at High and Cannon Streets is a historic commercial building located at Seaford , Sussex County , Delaware .
Cayuga Generating Station is an electricity - generating facility , located in Eugene Township , Vermillion County , near Cayuga , Indiana .
Frank W. Cox High School is a secondary school located in the Great Neck subdivision of Virginia Beach , Virginia .
The Township of North Dumfries is a rural township in Ontario , Canada , part of the Regional Municipality of Waterloo .
The Faial - Pico Channel ( Portuguese : Canal Faial - Pico ) is an 8.3 kilometres ( 5.2 mi ) long channel that separates the islands of Faial and Pico in the central group of the archipelago of the Azores .
Nishapur County ( Persian : شهرستان نیشابور‎ ) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
The Contrabando is a ghost town within the Big Bend Ranch State Park , 9.5 miles ( 15.3 km ) west of Lajitas , Texas on the Texas State Highway 170 .
Bruintjieshoogte Pass , ( English : Brown 's Height ) is a mountain pass situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa , on the Regional road R63 ( Eastern Cape ) , between Somerset East and Pearston .
Brandeston is a village in Suffolk , England on the River Deben 11 miles ( 18 km ) northeast of Ipswich .
Tangbe ( Taye in Tibetan ) is a small village in the village development committee of Chhusang in the Mustang District of Nepal .
Binnenmaas ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbɪnə(n)maːs ) ) is a municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Sayyad Mahalleh ( Persian : صيادمحله‎ , also Romanized as Şayyād Maḩalleh ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Alborz Research Centre ( Persian : مركزتحقيقات منطقه البرز‎ -- Marḵazteḥqīqāt Manṭaqeh Alborz ) is a populated place in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Wa Ying College ( Chinese : 華英中學 ) is a secondary school in Hong Kong , located at 8 Sheung Wo Street , Homantin , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Weequahic Park is a park located in the south ward of Newark , New Jersey .
Firehouse , Engine Company 31 is a historic fire station located at 87 Lafayette Street between Walker and White Streets in the Civic Center neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Koziróg Leśny ( kɔˈʑiruk ˈlɛɕnɨ ) ( German : Ziegenhorn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Peh is approximately 35 kilometers north of Ukhrul district headquarter .
Wólka Dworska ( ˈvulka ˈdvɔrska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chakhmaq Tappeh ( Persian : چخماق تپه‎ , also Romanized as Chakhmāq Tappeh ; also known as Chakhmā and Chakhmagh Tappeh ) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District , in the Central District of Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Nynäshamn Municipality ( Nynäshamns kommun ) is a municipality in Stockholm County in east central Sweden .
Sarveh - ye Pain ( Persian : سروه پايين‎ , also Romanized as Sarveh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Doab Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
North Shoebury ( once Shoebury Parva and Little Shoebury)is a district and former village in the north - east of Southend - on - Sea in the English county of Essex .
Snake Hill ( known officially as Laurel Hill and sometimes called Fraternity Rock ) is an igneous rock intrusion jutting some 150 feet ( 46 m ) up from the floor of the Meadowlands in southern Secaucus , New Jersey , USA .
The Morgan Arcade is a shopping arcade in Cardiff , South Wales .
Latesht ( Persian : لتشت‎ ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wielany ( vjɛˈlanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Leavenworth Nutcracker Museum is a museum dedicated to nutcrackers , located in Leavenworth , Washington .
Manasquan Friends Meetinghouse and Burying Ground ( Manasquan Monthly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends ) is a historic meetinghouse and cemetery on Route 35 at the Manasquan Circle in Manasquan , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
Purley Way is a section of the A23 trunk road in the London Borough of Croydon , in the areas of Purley , Waddon and Broad Green , and has given its name to the out - of - town shopping area alongside it with a catchment area covering most of South London .
Tervel Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Тервел ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Dobrich Province , Northeastern Bulgaria , located in Southern Dobruja geographical region , about 30 km south of Danube river .
Roperi is a large village in the Sundamagar Block , in the District of Mandi , State of Himachal Pradesh , India .
The Kingman MRA is a multiple resource area of the National Park Service in Kingman , Arizona .
KZGM is a non - commercial educational FM broadcast station on 88.1 MHz at Cabool , Missouri .
Wojtkowice - Glinna ( vɔi̯tkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡlinna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Seldom - Little Seldom is a community in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
The Mahned Bridge was constructed in 1903 and spans the Leaf River in Perry County , Mississippi .
Vilassar de Dalt ( Catalan pronunciation : ( biləˈsa ðə ˈðaɫ ) ) is a village in Catalonia , Spain , in the province of Barcelona and the comarca of Maresme .
Mansfield Dam ( formerly Marshall Ford Dam ) is a dam located across a canyon at Marshall Ford on the Colorado River , 13 miles ( 21 km ) northwest of Austin , Texas .
Olavsvern is a decommissioned Royal Norwegian Navy base located just outside the city of Tromsø and currently leased to state owned Russian research institutes .
Vettikkattumukku is a small village town in Kottayam District , Kerala .
Kolah Darreh ( Persian : كله دره‎ , also Romanized as Kaleh Darreh , Kolā Darreh , and Kulah Darreh ) is a village in Zahray - ye Pain Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Stubb Glacier ( 65 ° 41′S 62 ° 10′W ) is a glacier 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long in Aristotle Mountains on the east coast of Graham Land , flowing east into Scar Inlet between Mount Queequeg and Tashtego Point .
Tang - e Tahak ( Persian : تنگ طاهك‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Ţāhak ) is a village in Sadat Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Rivne Oblast ( Ukrainian : Рівненська область , translit . Rivnenska oblast , Polish : Obwód rówieński ) is an oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
The Waldrep Dairy Farm , established in 1928 , was the last functional dairy farm in Broward County and Miami - Dade County within the state of Florida until its closure in 2005 .
Van Schaick House is a historic home located on Van Schaick Island at Cohoes in Albany County , New York .
Walsworth was originally a village about a mile north east of Hitchin in Hertfordshire , England .
Teylers Museum ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈtɛi̯lərs myˈzeːjʏm ) ) is an art , natural history , and science museum in Haarlem , Netherlands .
Canadian Forces Station Sydney , also known as CFS Sydney , is a former Canadian Forces Station located in the community of Lingan Road , Nova Scotia .
Stanstead Abbotts ( alternatively Stanstead Abbots ) is a village and civil parish in the district of East Hertfordshire , Hertfordshire , England .
Rogoźniczka ( rɔɡɔʑˈɲit͡ʂka ) ( Ukrainian : Рогізничка , Rohiznychka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wola Lisowska ( ˈvɔla liˈsɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Burloak Canoe Club is a flatwater canoe / kayak racing club located in Oakville , Ontario .
Shashkan ( Persian : شاشكان‎ , also Romanized as Shāshkān ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Village at Riverwatch is a planned Mixed - use development located in Augusta , Georgia ( United States ) along the banks of the Augusta Canal .
Melleh Sohrab ( Persian : مله سهراب‎ , also Romanized as Melleh Sohrāb ) is a village in Dasht - e Hor Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bełczna ( ˈbɛwt͡ʂna ) ( German : Neukirchen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Demuth Museum in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , USA , is a museum of paintings by Charles Demuth ( 1883 - -1935 ) located in his former studio and home at 120 East Lancaster Street .
Barwiny ( barˈvinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kolonia Buchałowice ( kɔˈlɔɲa buxawɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
On January 1 , 1984 , the municipality of Puttershoek was merged with several others into Binnenmaas .
Mid - Cambridge , also known as `` Area 6 '' , is a neighborhood of Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Guk Darreh ( Persian : گوك دره‎ , also Romanized as Gūk Darreh ; also known as Gūg Darreh ) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Górażdże ( ɡuˈraʐd͡ʐɛ ) ( German Gorasdze ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gogolin , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Garmab - e Mohammad Rezavandi ( Persian : گرماب محمدرضاوندي‎ , also Romanized as Garmāb - e Moḩammad Rez̤āvandī ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Hohenwalde is an Ortsteil of Frankfurt ( Oder ) , Brandenburg , Germany , with a population of 425 .
Merbes - Sainte - Marie is a village in Merbes - le - Château , a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Annabestan ( Persian : عنابستان‎ , also Romanized as `` Annābestān ) is a village in Tabas Rural District , in the Central District of Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 81 , in 34 families .
Waghali , spelled in historical records as Vaghli , is an village in Chalisgaon tehsil of Jalgaon district in the Khandesh region of Maharashtra , India .
Tall Gord ( Persian : تل گرد‎ ; also known as Tall Kord ) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bab Gorgi ( Persian : باب گرگي‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Gorgī ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Toozaza Peak is a tuya in the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains in northern British Columbia , Canada , located in the Iverson Creek .
The Melbourne Star ( previously Southern Star ) is a giant Ferris wheel in the Waterfront City precinct in the Docklands area of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
The Twin Pagoda Temple ( Chinese : 双塔寺 ; Pinyin : Shūangtǎsì ) , officially known as Yongzuo Temple ( Chinese : 永祚寺 ; Pinyin : Yǒngzuòsì ) , of Taiyuan , Shanxi province , China , is a temple containing two pagodas dating from the Ming dynasty .
Motarzyno ( mɔtaˈʐɨnɔ ) ( German : Muttrin ; Kashubian : Mòtôrzënò ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bogensee is a lake in Berlin , Germany bordered by Wandlitz , Prenden and Klosterfelde in the state of Brandenburg , about 15 km north of Berlin .
Ravikamatham is a village and a mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Darzi Kola - ye Kuchek ( Persian : درزي كلاكوچك‎ , also Romanized as Darzī Kolā - ye Kūchek , Darzī Kolā Kūchak , and Darzī Kolā - ye Kūchak ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Annex is a neighbourhood in downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Alliance Colony was a Jewish agricultural community that was founded in Alliance , New Jersey on May 10 , 1882 .
The East Haddam Historic District is a 110-acre ( 45 ha ) historic district in East Haddam , Connecticut representing the historical development of two 18th - century settlements of the town on the east bank of the Connecticut River , Upper Landing and Lower Landing .
Matchlee Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 18 km ( 11 mi ) south of Gold River and 16 km ( 10 mi ) west of Golden Hinde .
The Capitol Center for the Arts is an entertainment venue in Concord , New Hampshire , United States , which features a 1,310-seat theatre designed with an Egyptian motif .
Ephrata Municipal Airport ( IATA : EPH , ICAO : KEPH , FAA LID : EPH ) is a public use airport located 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) southeast of the central business district of Ephrata , a city in Grant County , Washington , United States .
The University of Akron School of Law is the law school at the University of Akron in Akron , Ohio , USA .
Turkey Mountain Urban Wilderness Area is a 300-acre ( 121 ha ) area of undeveloped land that stretches from I-44 to 71st Street in Tulsa in the US state of Oklahoma .
The Bement Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge on Center Road over the Warner River in Bradford , New Hampshire .
Marjaniemi Lighthouse ( Finnish : Marjaniemen majakka ) is a lighthouse located in the village of Marjaniemi at the westernmost point of Hailuoto island on the Gulf of Bothnia .
Interstate 296 ( I-296 ) is a part of the Interstate Highway System in the US state of Michigan .
Sampov Meas District ( Khmer : ស្រុកសំពៅមាស ) is a district in Pursat Province , Cambodia .
Vinnö is a locality situated in Kristianstad Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 536 inhabitants in 2010 .
La Vieille ( `` The Old Lady '' or `` The Wrass '' ) is a lighthouse in the département of Finistère at the commune of Plogoff , on the northwest coast of France .
Castle Tioram ( pronounced `` Chee - rum '' from Scottish Gaelic `` Caisteal Tioram '' meaning `` dry castle '' ) is a ruined castle that sits on the tidal island Eilean Tioram in Loch Moidart , Lochaber , Highland , Scotland .
The Makushin Volcano ( also known as Mount Makushin ) is an ice - covered stratovolcano located on Unalaska Island in the Aleutian Islands of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Kõue Parish ( Estonian : Kõue vald ) was a rural municipality in Harju County , Estonia .
Dar Numeh ( Persian : دارنومه‎ , also Romanized as Dār Nūmeh ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Jowzdan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جوزدان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Najafabad County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mehneh ( Persian : مهنه‎ , also Romanized as Mahneh ; also known as Maina and Mīnā ) is a village in and the capital of Mahvelat - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahvelat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Church of England School in Mowsley was built in 1864 , but there had been a Sunday school in the village from 1833 , which was attended by 17 boys and 22 girls .
Jacareí ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒakaɾeˈi ) ) is a city in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
This definition extends the montane Upper Harz eastwards roughly to the state border with Saxony - Anhalt , so that e.g. Braunlage or Hohegeiß may also be counted as lying within the Upper Harz , as well as some high mountain ridges :
KRTH ( 101.1 FM , `` K - Earth 101 '' ) is a U.S. Classic Hits radio station located in Los Angeles , California , broadcasting to the Greater Los Angeles Area .
Basia block , one of the eleven administrative blocks of Gumla district in the Indian state of Jharkhand , has a population ( 1991 census ) of 59,626 .
George L. Luthy Memorial Botanical Garden , usually just Luthy Botanical Garden , is a 4.5 acres ( 1.8 ha ) botanical garden and conservatory located in Glen Oak Park , near the corner of Prospect Avenue and Gift Avenue in Peoria , Illinois , USA .
Bagverdi - ye Olya ( Persian : بگوردي عليا‎ , also Romanized as Bagverdī - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Khaveh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 128 , in 30 families .
Hesla is a village in Bagodar ( community development block ) of Giridih district in the Indian state of Jharkhand .
Zamboanga del Sur ( Cebuano : Habagatang Zamboanga ; Chavacano : Provincia del Zamboanga del Sur ; Tagalog : Timog Zamboanga ; Subanen : S'helatan Sembwangan / Sembwangan dapit Shelatan ) is a province in the Philippines located in the Zamboanga Peninsula region in Mindanao .
WCKA ( 810 AM , `` Alabama 810 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jacksonville , Alabama , USA .
Alouette Lake , originally Lillooet Lake and not to be confused with the lake of that name farther north , is a lake and reservoir in Maple Ridge , British Columbia , Canada .
Tuenno ( Ladin : Tuèn , German : Thunn ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) north of Trento .
Aupaluk ( Inuktitut : ᐊᐅᐸᓗᒃ ) ( 2011 Population 195 ) is a northern village in Nunavik , in the Nord - du - Québec region of Quebec .
The Governor Charles Croswell House is a building located at 228 North Broad Street in the city of Adrian in Lenawee County , Michigan .
Balsam Gap ( el . 3,316 ft ( 1,011 m ) ) is a mountain pass between the Plott Balsam Range to the northwest and the Great Balsam Mountains to the southeast on the county line dividing Haywood and Jackson counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The Philippine Arena is a multipurpose indoor arena at Ciudad de Victoria , a 140-hectare tourism enterprise zone in Bocaue and Santa Maria , Bulacan , Philippines .
Jorma Kaukonen 's Fur Peace Ranch is located in Meigs County , Ohio , United States .
Flackwell Heath is a village in the civil parish of Chepping Wycombe on the outskirts of High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire England .
Watton - at - Stone is a village in the English county of Hertfordshire , situated midway between the towns of Stevenage and Hertford in the valley of the River Beane .
Shali Shal ( Persian : شالي شل‎ , also Romanized as Shālī Shal ) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District , Karaftu District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
McDonald Investment Center , also known as Key Center and formerly known as the Central National Bank Building , is a commercial high - rise building in Cleveland , Ohio .
Amarillo College ( AC ) is a two - year community college in Amarillo , Texas with over 10,000 students that was established in 1929 as Amarillo Junior College .
Elwell Ferry is an inland cable ferry which has operated since 1905 on Elwell Ferry Road between NC Highway 53 and NC Highway 87 , crossing the Cape Fear River and connecting the communities of Carvers Creek and Kelly in Bladen County , North Carolina .
Western Academy Broadcasting College commonly abbreviated as WABC , is a broadcasting college in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan .
Ahmadkar ( Persian : احمدكر‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadkar ) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District , Karaftu District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Santee River is a river in South Carolina in the United States , 143 miles ( 230 km ) long .
Straszowice ( straʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Alexandrian Public Library serves the residents of Mount Vernon , Indiana as well as Black , Lynn , Marrs , Point and Robinson townships ( approximately 21,000 residents ) .
Chańki ( ˈxaɲki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Grasse ( French pronunciation : ​(ɡʁas ) ; Provençal Occitan : Grassa in classical norm ( and Italian ) or Grasso in Mistralian norm ) is a commune in the Alpes - Maritimes department ( of which it is a sub - prefecture ) , on the French Riviera .
The Orbigny - Bernon Museum ( French : Musée d'Orbigny - Bernon ) is a history museum in the French city of La Rochelle .
North Leigh is a village and civil parish about 3 miles ( 5 km ) northeast of Witney in Oxfordshire .
Nowotna ( nɔˈvɔtna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Daniel Webster Wildlife Sanctuary is a sanctuary owned by the Massachusetts Audubon Society , the largest conservation organization in New England , in the town of Marshfield , Massachusetts .
Valley Catholic School is a private Roman Catholic school in Beaverton , Oregon , United States within the Archdiocese of Portland .
Cut River Bridge is a cantilevered steel deck bridge over the Cut River in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan .
Cholesbury ( recorded as Chelwardisbyry in the 13th century ) is a village in Buckinghamshire , England , on the border with Hertfordshire .
Qarah Tappeh - ye Sabalan ( Persian : قره تپه سبلان‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Tappeh - ye Sabalān ; also known as Qarah Tappeh ) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Williamson Island is a bar island on the Ohio River in Tyler County , West Virginia .
Mill Hill Broadway railway station is in the London Borough of Barnet in North London .
Strauss Airfield was an airfield constructed between 19 March to 27 April 1942 near Noonamah , Northern Territory , Australia during World War II . It was also known as 27 Mile Field or Humpty Doo Strip .
The Frisco Schoolhouse ( Site ID 5ST258 ) , now a local museum regeistered on the National Register of Historic Places , is an original one - room schoolhouse located in the Frisco Historic Park in Frisco , Colorado .
Piedras Blancas is the capital town of the municipality of Castrillón , in the province of Asturias , Spain .
The Orleans Correctional Facility is a state prison in New York , USA .
Singasandra is a suburb of Bangalore in India in the state of Karnataka .
Pengelly ( Cornish : Penn - gelli ) is a hamlet in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , part of the village of Delabole in the civil parish of St Teath .
The Robert Moses Causeway is an 8.10-mile ( 13.04 km)-long parkway in Suffolk County , New York , in the United States .
Valdian Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ولديان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Ivughli District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kanbedan ( Persian : كنبدان‎ , also Romanized as Kanbedān ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lakhipur ( IPA : ˈlækɪˌpʊə ) ( Bangla : লক্ষিপুর ) , is a town and a Municipal Board in Cachar district in the Indian state of Assam .
Sherman Oaks Galleria is a shopping mall and business center located in the Sherman Oaks neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , United States , at the corner of Ventura and Sepulveda Boulevards in the San Fernando Valley .
Holyoke Community College ( HCC ) is a state - funded public two - year community college located in Holyoke , Massachusetts .
254 - 260 Canal Street , also known as the Bruce Building , on the corner of Lafayette Street in the Chinatown neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City , was built in 1856 - 57 and was designed in the Italian Renaissance revival style .
Psota ( ˈpsɔta ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Teatro Massimo Bellini is an opera house in Catania , Sicily , southern Italy .
Todzia ( ˈtɔd͡ʑa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mir Kandi ( Persian : ميركندي‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Kandī ) is a village in Meshgin - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Milltown Cemetery ( Irish : Reilig Bhaile an Mhuilinn ) is a large cemetery in west Belfast , Northern Ireland .
Canadian Forces Base Wainwright , commonly referred to as CFB Wainwright is a Canadian Forces Base located in Denwood , Alberta , adjacent to the town of Wainwright .
The Baltimore International College ( BIC ) , founded in 1972 , was a private , non - profit college located in Baltimore , Maryland .
Governor Tom McCall Waterfront Park is a 36.59-acre ( 148,100 m2 ) park located in downtown Portland , Oregon , along the Willamette River .
Founded in 1926 , the Rumson Country Day School is a coeducational , nonsectarian independent day school located on a 14,000-square - foot ( 1,300 m2 ) campus in Rumson , New Jersey , specializing in educating boys and girls from nursery ( age three ) through eighth grade .
Kensham is a hamlet in Kent , between Rolvenden and Sandhurst .
Corrine Jones Playground was formerly known as Hester Park because of its location along Hester Street in Charleston , South Carolina .
Ban Laemphrathat ( Thai : บ้านแหลมพระธาตุ ) is a village ( muban ) in the Nakhon Pa Mak subdistrict of Amphoe Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Wong Nai Tun Tsuen ( Traditional Chinese : 黃泥墩村 ) is a small village situated in the area of Shap Pat Heung , located in Tai Tong , which is situated in the north of Yuen Long , in the New Territories in Hong Kong .
The Castle Dome Mountains are a mountain range in Yuma County , Arizona , within the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge .
Zatolmin ( pronounced ( zatɔlˈmiːn ) ) is a settlement north of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Holmgate is an estate situated in the town of Clay Cross which is located in the district of North East Derbyshire , England .
Vauter 's Church , also known as Vauter 's Episcopal Church , is a historic Episcopal church located at Loretto , Essex County , Virginia .
Glenbawn Dam is a major ungated earth and rock fill with clay core embankment dam with concrete chute spillway plus fuse plugs across the Hunter River upstream of Aberdeen in the Hunter region of New South Wales , Australia .
Eisenhower Park , formerly known as Salisbury Park , is centrally located in East Meadow , New York bordered by Hempstead Turnpike on the south and Old Country Road on the north .
Javi Jaft ( Persian : جوي جفت‎ , also Romanized as Javī Jaft ) is a village in Mohsen Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Mehran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
WUSY ( 100.7 FM ) `` U.S. 101 '' is a commercial radio station licensed to Cleveland , Tennessee , USA , and broadcasting to the Chattanooga , Tennessee area .
The W.C. Clemmons Mound is a Native American mound in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Ohio .
Zoo Atlanta is an Association of Zoos and Aquariums ( AZA ) accredited zoological park in Atlanta , Georgia .
Panther Wildlife Management Area is a former state forest located along Panther Creek in southwestern McDowell County , West Virginia .
Burgersfort is located in the valley of the Spekboom River at the edge of the Bushveld Complex in the Greater Tubatse Local Municipality , near the border of the two provinces Limpopo and Mpumalanga .
College Block - Lisbon Block is an historic site at 248 - 274 Lisbon Street in Lewiston , Maine .
Birch Lake State Recreation Site is a 48-acre ( 0.19 km² ) state park in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Crocus City Hall ( Russian : Крокус Сити Холл ) is a concert hall administratively located in Krasnogorsk Urban Settlement ( near the city of Krasnogorsk ) in Krasnogorsky District , Moscow Oblast ( north - west to Moscow Ring Road ) .
WHBY ( 1150 AM , `` Newstalk 1150 '' ) is a News / Talk formatted radio station licensed to Kimberly , Wisconsin , that serves the Green Bay and Appleton - Oshkosh areas .
Cecilia High School ( CHS ) is a 4A public secondary school located in Cecilia , an unincorporated community in Saint Martin Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Watermael - Boitsfort ( French ) or Watermaal - Bosvoorde ( Dutch ) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels - Capital Region in Belgium .
Jamrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جامرود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
WMCC - LP is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Spencer , West Virginia .
The Tournament Players Club at Sawgrass ( TPC at Sawgrass ) is a golf course in Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida , a suburb of Jacksonville , United States .
The Congressional Cemetery or Washington Parish Burial Ground is a historic and active cemetery located at 1801 E Street , SE , in Washington , D.C. , on the west bank of the Anacostia River .
Khanimeh - ye Pain ( Persian : خنيمه پائين‎ , also Romanized as Khanīmeh - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Khanīmeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Rostam - e Seh Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Heath is managed by the City of London Corporation , and lies mostly within the London Borough of Camden with the adjoining Hampstead Heath Extension and Golders Hill Park in the London Borough of Barnet .
Nowghab - e Pas Kuh ( Persian : نوغاب پسكوه‎ , also Romanized as Nowghāb - e Pas Kūh ; also known as Nowghāb , Nowqāb , and Nūghāb ) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Pavelka Farmstead , also known as the Antonia Farmstead , is a house and a group of farm buildings located near Bladen in rural Webster County in south - central Nebraska .
Makhori ( मखोरी ) is a village in Bhind district in Madhya Pradesh .
Przełaj ( ˈpʂɛwai̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Hartman Arena is a privately managed 5,000-seat multi - purpose arena , located at 77th Street North and I-135 , in Park City , Kansas , United States .
KQDS - FM ( 94.9 FM , `` KQ 95 '' ) is a classic rock music formatted radio station located in Duluth , Minnesota .
Ulavi ( Kannada : ಉಳವಿ ) is a village in the Uttara Kannada district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Mohammad Aqa - ye Sofla ( Persian : محمداقاسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Āqā - ye Soflá ) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fishing Lake Metis Settlement is a Metis settlement in central Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Bonnyville No . 87 .
Fort Myer is the previous name used for a U.S. Army post next to Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington County , Virginia , and across the Potomac River from Washington , D.C ..
Auchenblae ( Scottish Gaelic : Achadh nam Blàth ) is a village in the Kincardine and Mearns area of Aberdeenshire , formerly in Kincardineshire , Scotland .
Uch Tappeh - ye Kord ( Persian : اوچ تپه كرد‎ , also Romanized as Ūch Tappeh - ye Kord ) is a village in Marhemetabad Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Eugene Saint Julien Cox House , now known as the E. St. Julien Cox House , is a Carpenter Gothic - style house in St. Peter , Minnesota , United States .
Brown 's Island is an artificial continental island on the James River in Richmond , Virginia , formed by the Haxall Canal .
Aetna Hose , Hook and Ladder Company , Fire Station No . 2 is a historic fire station located at Newark in New Castle County , Delaware .
Glem ( pronounced ( ˈɡleːm ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The River Hull is a navigable river in the East Riding of Yorkshire in the north of England .
Ab Riyis ( Persian : اب رييس‎ , also Romanized as Āb Rīyīs ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Allenwood ( Irish : Fiodh Alúine ) is a small Irish village in County Kildare situated on the Grand Canal .
La Sucrière is a famous building devoted to contemporary art , situated 48 Quai Rambaud , on the banks of the Saône in the Confluence quarter of the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon .
Gawsworth is a civil parish and village in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
The South Jordan Canal is an historic waterway in Salt Lake County , Utah .
Zhentou Subdistrict ( Chinese : 振头街道 ) is a township - level division of Qiaoxi District , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Kneeling Camels is a public art work by Paul Moulon located at front entrance of the Tripoli Shrine Temple , a civic organization in the Concordia neighborhood west of downtown Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
The Zollverein Coal Mine Industrial Complex ( German Zeche Zollverein ) is a large former industrial site in the city of Essen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Angola Horror train wreck occurred on December 18 , 1867 , just after 3 p.m. when the last coach of the Buffalo - bound New York Express of the Lake Shore Railway derailed and caught fire in Angola , New York , killing approximately 49 people .
Paglesham is situated in the north east of the Rochford Rural District , Essex .
Dashkhani ( Persian : داشخاني‎ , also Romanized as Dāshkhānī ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Bahbūd ' ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Chapeshlu District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Weston Longville is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) north - west of Norwich .
Bezakshan ( Persian : بزكشان‎ , also Romanized as Bezaḵshān ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Viking ( South ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CVS2 ) is located 7.4 nautical miles ( 13.7 km ; 8.5 mi ) southwest of Viking , Alberta , Canada .
Varnamkhast ( Persian : ورنامخواست‎ , also Romanized as Varnāmkhāst and Varnāmkhvāst ) is a city in the Central District of Lenjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Newton Dam is an earthen dam about a mile North of Newton , Utah , in Cache County , in the northern part of the state .
Saint - Germain - des - Prés ( French pronunciation : ​(sɛ̃ ʒɛʁmɛ̃ de pʁe ) ) is one of the four administrative quarters of the 6th arrondissement of Paris , France , located around the church of the former Abbey of Saint - Germain - des - Prés .
Kimberly Crest House and Gardens is a French château - style Victorian mansion located in Redlands , California .
The George Wright Young House is a historic house located just outside Oxford , Mississippi off the highway to New Albany .
Fredenburg House is a historic home located at Rhinebeck , Dutchess County , New York , located about one and one - half miles south of the village and wets of Route 9 .
The Solomon Fussell Farm is located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) east of Pendleton , Indiana on State Road 38 at the junction of county road 150 West .
Vavla ( Greek : Βάβλα ) is a small village in Larnaca District , Cyprus .
Mount Tennent ( Aboriginal : Tharwa ) is a mountain with an elevation of 1,375 metres ( 4,511 ft ) AHD in the southern part of the Australian Capital Territory in Australia .
The Corcoran Gallery of Art was one of the oldest privately supported cultural institutions in Washington , D.C. , the capital of the United States .
Straszówek ( straˈʂuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hammaguir ( also written Hamaguir ) is a village in Abadla District , Béchar Province , Algeria , south - west of Béchar .
The Melton Carnegie Museum is a museum in Melton Mowbray , Leicestershire , which documents the history of the market town .
Strážske ( German : Straschke ( rare ) ; Hungarian : Őrmező ) is a small town and municipality in Michalovce District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Located in Northampton , Massachusetts , The Smith College Campus School is a private elementary lab school that enrolls students from surrounding nearby communities through grades K-6 .
The Torre Agbar ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈtorə əɡˈbar ) ) is a 38-story skyscraper / tower located between Avinguda Diagonal and Carrer Badajoz , near Plaça de les Glòries Catalanes , which marks the gateway to the new technological district of Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Gowdari Kazruni ( Persian : گاوداري كازروني‎ , also Romanized as Gowdārī Kāzrūnī ) is a village in Basharyat - e Sharqi Rural District , Basharyat District , Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Sands Hotel and Casino was a historic hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Nevada , United States , that operated from 1952 to 1996 .
Blackwell Grange is an early 18th - century country house at Blackwell , near Darlington , County Durham , England .
Gościeradów - Folwark ( ɡɔɕt͡ɕeˈraduf ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Leibniz - Institut für Kristallzüchtung , German for Leibniz Institute for Crystal Growth and abbreviated with IKZ , is a research institute within the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Scientific Community ( WGL ) and is a member of the Forschungsverbund Berlin ( Berlin Research Cooperation ) .
The Gas Retort House ( grid reference SP062865 ) at 39 Gas Street , Birmingham , England is the last remaining building of Birmingham 's first gas works .
Little Wood River Dam ( National ID # ID00041 ) is a dam in Blaine County , Idaho , about ten miles northwest of Carey .
The Norfolk Street Historic District is a historic district at Norfolk Street between Suffolk and Austin Streets in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Uniemino ( uɲeˈminɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mission Trails Regional Park is a 5,800-acre ( 23 km2 ) open space preserve within the city of San Diego , California , established in 1974 .
North Guwahati is northern part of city of Guwahati and a town area committee in Kamrup district in the Indian state of Assam . This town which abounds in historical places and picnic spots .
The Mormon Flat Dam is a dam on the Salt River located Northeast of Phoenix , Arizona .
Szkody - Kolonia ( ˈʂkɔdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Sulphur Channel is a narrow inshore passage between Green Island and the northwest tip of Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong .
Jefferson State Community College , more often known as ' Jeff State ' , is a two - year college in the Alabama Community College System .
Canadian Forces Base Comox ( IATA : YQQ , ICAO : CYQQ ) , commonly referred to as CFB Comox , is a Canadian Forces Base located 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) north northeast of Comox , British Columbia .
Pushcha - Vodytsia ( also Pushcha - Voditsa , Ukrainian : Пуща-Водиця ; Russian : Пуща-Водица ) is a historic neighbourhood and climate resort in the northwestern part of Kiev ( Obolon Raion ) .
Shahvar ( Persian : شهوار‎ , also Romanized as Shahvār ) is a village in Soleyman Rural District , Soleyman District , Zaveh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The City of Alliance Central Park Fountain , located at 10th St. and Niobrara Ave . in Alliance , Nebraska , was built in 1935 by Civilian Conservation Corps workers .
The Skelmorlie Aisle of Largs Old Kirk is the remains of a church in the town of Largs , Ayrshire , Scotland .
Lake Columbia is a small man - made lake in Columbia Township in southern Jackson County in the U.S. state of Michigan .
The Rusher Hotel , also known as the Great Southern Hotel , is a historic hotel building at 127 West Cedar Street in Brinkley , Arkansas .
Barn Elms is an open space in Barnes in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Gav Bandeh ( Persian : گاوبنده‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Bandeh ; also known as Gāvāneh , Gāvbandel , and Gāwāna ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Edwin B. Forsythe National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located in southern New Jersey along the Atlantic coast north of Atlantic City , in Atlantic and Ocean counties .
Aberlady ( Scots : Aiberleddy , Gaelic : Obar Lìobhaite ) is a coastal village in the Scottish council area of East Lothian .
Almondbank is a large village in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Mission San Luis Rey de Francia is a former Spanish mission in an unincorporated part of San Diego county , surrounded by the present - day city of Oceanside , California .
Hilton Head Island High School ( shortened to Hilton Head High , HHIHS , or HHH ) is a public high school within the Beaufort County School District , located in Hilton Head Island , South Carolina , USA .
The Chemung Railway Depot - Horseheads is a historic railway depot located at Horseheads , Chemung County , New York .
Madawaska Lake is a lake covering some 168 km² ( 65 sq mi ) located in Haliburton County , Ontario , within the boundaries of Algonquin Provincial Park .
Odessa Flight Strip is a former military airfield located in Odessa , Texas .
Marsden State High School ( MSHS ) is a secondary school in Logan City , Queensland for students between years 7 and 12 .
The Pomfret Street Historic District is a historic district roughly along Pomfret Street ( Route 169 ) , from Bradley Road to Woodstock Road in Pomfret , Connecticut , United States .
Pascack Valley High School ( PVHS ) is a four - year comprehensive regional public high school located in Hillsdale in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as one of two secondary schools in the Pascack Valley Regional High School District .
The Atlantic County Institute of Technology ( ACIT ) is a four - year countywide vocational public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States , as part of the Atlantic County Vocational School District .
Space Center Houston is the official visitor center of the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center -- the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's ( NASA ) center for human spaceflight activities -- located in Houston , Texas .
Mpanda Airport ( ICAO : HTMP ) is an airport in western Tanzania serving the town of Mpanda and the surrounding Katavi Region .
Mid Valley Shopping Centre is a regional shopping centre in Morwell , Victoria , Australia .
Farm to Market Road 2137 , or FM 2137 , in the eastern part of Texas ( USA ) , runs about 5.23 miles ( 8.42 km ) from an intersection with FM 855 northeast to an intersection with FM 344 .
Studzienno ( stuˈd͡ʑennɔ ) ( German : Kaltenbrunn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytna , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Lake Monginup also known as Lake Mongingup and Lake Mortijinup is a freshwater lake in the Goldfields - Esperance region of Western Australia .
The Kettleman Hills is a low mountain range of the interior California Coast Ranges , in western Kings County , California .
The Royal Hawaiian Hotel is a beachfront luxury hotel located in Waikiki in Honolulu , Hawaii on the island of Oahu .
Splash Down Waterpark , a waterpark located within Ben Lomond Regional Park in Sudley , Virginia ( near Manassas ) , is operated by the Prince William County Department of Parks and Recreation .
The Elko Hills are a mountain range in Elko County , in the northeastern section of the state of Nevada in the Great Basin region of the western United States .
Hintonburg is a neighbourhood in Kitchissippi Ward in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , located west of the Downtown core .
The Godlee Observatory is an old astronomical observatory located in a tower on the roof of the University of Manchester 's Sackville Street Building ( formerly UMIST Main Building ) , in the City Centre of Manchester , England .
Gregory - Portland High School is a 5A secondary school in Portland , Texas and is a part of the Gregory - Portland Independent School District in southeastern San Patricio County .
The Metal Office Furniture Company ( Steelcase ) Plants No . 2 and 3 are historic manufacturing plants in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Evat ( Persian : اوات‎ , also Romanized as Evāt ; also known as Avbāt , Owbār , and Ūbāt ) is a village in Valupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
East Azerbaijan Province ( Persian : استان آذربایجان شرقی‎‎ Āzarbāijān - e Sharqi ; Azerbaijani : شرقی آذربایجان اوستانی‎ ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran .
Usza ( ˈuʂa ) ( German : Ausche ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruja , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Clymer District School No . 5 , also known as the Little Red Schoolhouse , is a historic one - room school building located at Clymer in Chautauqua County , New York .
Alir ( Persian : الير‎ , also Romanized as Ālīr ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ziveh Jik ( Persian : زيوه جيك‎ , also Romanized as Zīveh Jīk or Zewajik ) is a village in Zulachay Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mierniki ( mjɛrˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Tip Top Tailors Building , now known as the ' Tip Top Lofts ' is a former 1920s industrial building converted to condominium lofts in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Piotrowo - Trojany ( pjɔˈtrɔvɔ trɔˈjanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Morar Cantonment is a cantonment town in Morar Subcity in Gwalior district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
WNMB ( 900 AM ) is a radio station licensed to North Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , USA , and serves the greater Myrtle Beach area .
The Jeffers Petroglyphs site is an outcrop in southwestern Minnesota with pre - contact Native American petroglyphs .
The Palisades Cemetery is located on the cuesta , or descending ridge of the Palisades in North Bergen , New Jersey .
Gregory Gymnasium is the 4,000-seat current home of the University of Texas Longhorn Women 's Volleyball team , and former home of the Longhorn Basketball and Swimming teams .
The Plains of San Agustin ( sometimes listed as the Plains of San Augustin ) is a region in the southwestern U.S. state of New Mexico in the San Agustin Basin , south of U.S. Highway 60 .
Canterbury Golf Club is a private golf and country club located in the Cleveland suburb of Beachwood , Ohio , US .
Pierce Arrow Factory Complex is a national historic district consisting of the former Pierce - Arrow automobile factory located at Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Maskowski District ( Belarusian : Маскоўскі , Russian : Московский , Moskovsky Raion ) , is an adiministrative subdivision of the city of Minsk , Belarus .
Ciboure ( Basque : Ziburu , meaning ' end of bridge ' ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
The Billrothhaus is the headquarters of the Gesellschaft der Ärzte in Wien ( College of Physicians in Vienna ) .
Kemeshk ( Persian : كمشك‎‎ , also Romanized as Kameshk , Kamshak , and Kemishk ; also known as Qamīsk ) is a village in Faramarzan Rural District , Jenah District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kas Khurdeh ( Persian : كاس خورده‎ , also Romanized as Kās Khūrdeh ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Queen Anne 's County Courthouse is the oldest courthouse still in use in the state of Maryland .
Bönen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbøːnən ) ) is a municipality in the district of Unna , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Buldoo ( Scottish Gaelic : ) in the far north of Scotland , is a small hamlet 0.5 miles south of Dounreay in Thurso , Caithness , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Miner Memorial Library is the public library of Lempster , New Hampshire , located at 3 Second New Hampshire Turnpike .
Nisku is a hamlet and an industrial / business park in Alberta , Canada within Leduc County .
Lower Nicola is a rural community in the Nicola Country region of the Southern Interior of British Columbia .
Taghcheh Jiq ( Persian : تاغچه جيق‎ , also Romanized as Ţāghcheh Jīq ; also known as Bāghcheh Jīq ) is a village in Almalu Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Université Joseph Fourier ( Joseph Fourier University ) , often known as UJF , is a French university situated in the city of Grenoble and focused on the fields of sciences , technologies and health .
Dolland Halt ( more commonly , simply `` Dolland '' in unofficial timings ) is a diminutive intermediate stopping place on the northern section of the Manx Electric Railway in the Isle of Man .
The World 's Fair Marina is a public marina in Flushing Bay , Queens , New York .
Amherst Central High School ( ACHS ) is a public high school in Snyder , New York , a hamlet within the town of Amherst , which is located within the Buffalo - Niagara Falls metropolitan area .
Ventana Cave ( O'odham : Nakaijegel ) is an archaeological site in southern Arizona .
Łumbie ( ˈwumbjɛ ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Thurso ( pronounced /ˈθɜːrsoʊ/ , Scots : Thursa , Scottish Gaelic : Inbhir Theòrsa ) is a town and former burgh on the north coast of the Highland council area of Scotland .
Sandalabad ( Persian : سندل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Sandalābād ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nundah Cemetery is a heritage - listed cemetery , located at 88 Hedley Avenue in the suburb of Nundah , Queensland in the city of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
CISE - FM is an English language travelers ' information and a community radio station that broadcasts at 93.1 FM in Wolseley , Saskatchewan and also 95.3 FM in Caron , Saskatchewan , Canada .
WKNH ( 91.3 FM , `` Keene 91.3 FM '' ) is a student - run radio station licensed to serve Keene , New Hampshire .
Arcul de Triumf is a triumphal arch located in the northern part of Bucharest , on the Kiseleff Road .
São Pedro de Penaferrim ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w̃ ˈpedɾu dɨ pɨnɐfɨˈʁĩ ) ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Sintra , Lisbon District , Portugal .
Qasemabad - e Akhavan ( Persian : قاسماباداخوان‎ , also Romanized as Qāsemābād - e Ākhavān ; also known as Qāsemābād ) is a village in Behnamvasat - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Lakh - e Sefid ( Persian : لاخ سفيد‎ , also Romanized as Lākh - e Sefīd ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Appekunny Formation is a thick series of rock strata located in the Lewis Range within Glacier National Park , in the U.S. state of Montana .
Kant ( Shahjahanpur ) is a town and a nagar panchayat of Shahjahanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Stausee Mapragg ( Mapragg reservoir ) is located at Pfäfers in the Canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland .
Wensheng District ( simplified Chinese : 文圣区 ; traditional Chinese : 文聖區 ; pinyin : Wénshèng Qū ) is a district of Liaoyang City , Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Rodovia dos Tamoios ( official designation SP-099 ) is a highway in the Brazilian state of São Paulo .
The Trinity Neighborhood House is a historic brick townhouse at 406 Meridian Street located in the Eagle Hill section of East Boston , Massachusetts .
The Bear Valley National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge located in the southwestern part of Klamath County , Oregon , near the California border .
Swimbridge ( historical spelling : Swymbridge ) is a village in the English county of Devon .
The Consolidated Mine was a gold mine in Lumpkin County , Georgia , United States , just east of Dahlonega .
West of Fifty Lower Falls is a 5.5 metre high twin classic waterfall found on private property , ( private without permission to access ) , in Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Garlogie ( Scottish Gaelic : Geàrr Lagaidh ) is a roadside hamlet in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
North Cheyenne Cañon Park or North Cheyenne Canyon Park is a regional park located in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Timworth is a village and civil parish 65 miles ( 104 km ) north east of London and 26 miles ( 42 km ) east of Cambridge in the St Edmundsbury district of Suffolk , eastern England .
Benbecula ( /bɛnˈbɛkjʉlə/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Beinn nam Fadhla , or Beinn na Faoghla pronounced ( peɲəˈvɤːlˠ̪ə ) ) is an island of the Outer Hebrides in the Atlantic Ocean off the west coast of Scotland .
Peräseinäjoki merged with the town of Seinäjoki on January 1 , 2005 .
Kuksy ( ˈkuksɨ ) ( German : Kuxen ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mountain Empire Airport ( ICAO : KMKJ , FAA LID : MKJ ) is a public use airport in Smyth County , Virginia , United States .
Kouaku is an island of the Gambier Islands of French Polynesia .
GM Powertrain Flint North ( GMPT Flint North ) was a General Motors automobile engine and components plant located at the Stewart Avenue exit of I-475 in Flint , Michigan .
Churchville School , also known as Fischer School , is a former school building located in unincorporated Bensenville , Illinois .
The Robert B. Annis Water Resources Institute ( AWRI ) , is located in Muskegon , Michigan at the Lake Michigan Center on Muskegon Lake .
Yeniseysk-15 was the site of a disputed Soviet phased array radar near Yeniseysk in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Siberia .
Niwiska Górne ( niˈviska ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pajęczno , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kiashahr Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كياشهر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kiashahr District , Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Baghlujeh - ye Aqa ( Persian : باغلوجه اقا‎ , also Romanized as Bāghlūjeh - ye Āqā ; also known as Baghlūjah , Bāghlūjeh , and Bagludzhakh ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Children 's Zoo at Celebration Square is a zoo located in Saginaw , Michigan .
Rizeh Mandan ( Persian : ريزه مندان‎ , also Romanized as Rīzeh Mandān ; also known as Rīzmandan ) is a village in Masal Rural District , in the Central District of Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
De Beque Canyon is a narrow canyon on the Colorado River in western Colorado in the United States .
Ezhuang ( Chinese : 颜庄镇 ) is a town in Gangcheng District , Laiwu , in central Shandong province , China .
Fostoria Metropolitan Airport ( ICAO : KFZI , FAA LID : FZI ) is a city - owned public airport two miles northeast of Fostoria , Ohio .
Divalak ( Persian : ديوالك‎ , also Romanized as Dīvālak ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sisters High School ( SHS ) is a public high school located in Sisters , Oregon , United States .
Wichrowo ( viˈxrɔvɔ ) ( German Wichertshof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Owens Peak is named after Richard Owens ( 1812 - -1902 ) , an Ohio born explorer ( aka `` Owings '' ) , who accompanied John C. Fremont on his third expedition to California ( 1845 - -1946 ) .
Ogary ( ɔˈɡarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Oskarström is the second largest locality in Halmstad Municipality , Halland County , Sweden , with 4,071 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Great Salt Lake Council is a local council of the Boy Scouts of America and serves the Utah counties of Salt Lake , Tooele and Summit , as well as much of Davis County .
Dehgandar ( Persian : ده گندر‎ ; also known as Dehqāndar ) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Devil 's Arrows are three standing stones or menhirs in an alignment erected near where the A1 road now crosses the River Ure at Boroughbridge in North Yorkshire , England ( grid reference SE390666 ) .
St Columb Minor ( Cornish : Colom ) is a village on the north coast of Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Deh Gazi ( Persian : ده گزي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Gazī ) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kahshur - e Ali Nazer ( Persian : كهشورعلي نظر‎ , also Romanized as Kahshūr - e ʿAlī Naẓer ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Leon United Methodist Church , now known as the Leon Historical Society Museum , is a historic United Methodist church building located at Leon in Cattaraugus County , New York .
Bryłówek ( brɨˈwuvɛk ) ( German : Deutsch Breile ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Veerlapalem , is a major village in Duggirala mandal in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh , South India .
Tillietudlem is a fictional castle in Walter Scott 's 1816 novel Old Mortality , and a modern settlement in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
The Botanischer Garten Krefeld ( 3.6 hectares ) , more formally the Botanischer Garten der Stadt Krefeld , is a municipal botanical garden located at Sandberg 2 , Krefeld , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Robeston Wathen is a rural village and parish in Pembrokeshire , Wales , 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) west of Narberth , on the former Narberth to Haverfordwest turnpike , now the A40 .
Hozat ( Ottoman Turkish : خوزات‎ and Kurdish : Xozat‎ , ) is a small city and its surrounding district in Tunceli Province of Turkey .
Bijie ( simplified Chinese : 毕节 ; traditional Chinese : 畢節 ; pinyin : Bìjíe ) is a prefecture - level city in northwestern Guizhou Province , China , bordering Sichuan to the north and Yunnan to the west .
Haticepınar is a village of Afşin in Kahramanmaraş Province in Turkey .
Buckingham Hotel , later the Ambassador Hotel , was an upmarket hotel which existed in St. Louis , Missouri , United States in the early twentieth century .
Milișăuți is a town in Suceava County , northeastern Romania .
CPR Toronto Yard is a facility located in northeast Toronto , Ontario , Canada , often incorrectly referred to as Agincourt Yard because it is located in Agincourt , a neighbourhood of Toronto .
WSGS is a Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Hazard , Kentucky , United States , serving Eastern Kentucky and Southwest Virginia .
Didling is a tiny village in the Chichester district of West Sussex , England .
The Franklin Falls Historic District is a 75-acre ( 30 ha ) historic district encompassing most of the civic and industrial heart of Franklin , New Hampshire , which saw its most significant development in the second half of the 19th century and the first decades of the 20th .
Blue Heron Airport ( FAA LID : N25 , formerly NK93 ) is a privately owned , public use airport in Schoharie County , New York , United States .
The Warehouse Theatre was a professional producing theatre with 100 seats in the centre of the London Borough of Croydon , south London , England based in an oak - beamed former cement Victorian warehouse .
The Hayes Barton Historic District is a neighborhood located northwest of downtown Raleigh , North Carolina .
Belgamba railway station is a closed station on the Main North railway line in the New England region of New South Wales , Australia .
Ponca City High School is a public high school that serves 1,637 students in grades 9 - 12 , located in Ponca City , Oklahoma .
Peccioli ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpɛttʃoli ) ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 miles ) southwest of Florence and about 30 km ( 19 miles ) southeast of Pisa .
Fort Vermilion is a hamlet on the Peace River in northern Alberta , Canada , within Mackenzie County .
Bagh - e Zal Naqi ( Persian : باغ زال نقي‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Zāl Naqī ; also known as Bāgh - e Zāl and Bāgh Zāl ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Qianshan County is a county in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of Anqing City .
Farm to Market Road 177 , or FM 177 , in the eastern part of Texas ( USA ) , runs about 4.98 miles ( 8.01 km ) from an intersection with US 69 in Mount Selman east to Mixon at an intersection with SH 135 .
Okeechobee County Airport ( IATA : OBE , ICAO : KOBE , FAA LID : OBE ) is a general aviation airport located 3 mi ( 4.82 km ) northwest of Okeechobee , in Okeechobee County , Florida .
Gabriel Richard Catholic High School , usually referred to as Gabriel Richard or simply GR , is a Catholic , coed high school in Riverview , Michigan , United States , south of Detroit .
The Waverly Street Bridge , also called the Westernport Bowstring Arch Truss Bridge , is a historic steel truss bridge at Westernport , Allegany County , Maryland , United States .
Mountain Youth School ( MYS ) is one of a very small group of alternative schools set up by the state of North Carolina for students that would benefit in an alternative classroom setting .
W. Dennie Spry Soccer Stadium ( usually called Spry Stadium ) is a soccer - specific stadium located on the campus of Wake Forest University in Winston - Salem , North Carolina where it is home to the Wake Forest Demon Deacons soccer teams .
Addlestone ( /ˈædəlstən/ or /ædəlstoʊn/ ) is the administrative town of the borough of Runnymede in the county of Surrey , England .
WPCJ ( 91.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Pittsford , Michigan broadcasting a religious format .
Pashuiyeh ( Persian : پشوييه‎ , also Romanized as Pashū’īyeh ) is a village in Anduhjerd Rural District , Shahdad District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jindong District ( simplified Chinese : 金东区 ; traditional Chinese : 金東區 ; pinyin : Jīndong Qū ) is an administrative district in Jinhua , Zhejiang Province of China .
Creeslough ( /ˈkriːsˌlɒx/ ; Irish : An Craoslach ( ə ˈkˠɾˠiːsˠˌlɑx ) , meaning ' The Gorge ' or ' Throat Lake ' ) is a village in County Donegal , Ireland .
Wola Wągrodzka ( ˈvɔla vɔŋˈɡrɔt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mana Ahmadani ( Urdu : مانہ احمدانی‎ ) , is a town and union council of Dera Ghazi Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Hollywood Casino St. Louis is a riverboat casino in Maryland Heights , Missouri , near St. Louis .
7XS is a radio station based in Queenstown , Tasmania , Australia , broadcasting on the FM radio band on a frequency of 92.1 MHz Queenstown , 105.1 MHz Strahan and 107.1 Rosebery on the west - coast of Tasmania .
Gasehabad ( Persian : گسه اباد‎ , also Romanized as Gasehābād , Kasehābād , and Kasāābād ) is a village in Azna Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Toronto West Detention Centre was a maximum security remand facility located in Rexdale , a community located in the north - west corner of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Utinatuk Glacier is a glacier located on the central coast of Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Stare Kichary ( ˈstarɛ kiˈxarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kamień Śląski ( ˈkamjɛɲ ˈɕlɔ̃ski ) ( German : Gross Stein ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gogolin , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Portola Redwoods State Park is a California state park , located in San Mateo County .
Khakhian ( Persian : خاخيان‎ , also Romanized as Khākhīān ) is a village in Takab Rural District , in the Central District of Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Goslar and Osterode am Harz in the west , Harz and Mansfeld - Südharz in the north and east , and Nordhausen in the south .
The Harbour Solutions Project is a Canadian public infrastructure project in the Halifax , Nova Scotia region .
The Green Island Bridge crosses the Hudson River in New York , connecting Green Island with Troy .
Spokane College was the name of two colleges in Spokane , Washington .
Estádio Olímpico Regional Arnaldo Busatto , sometimes nicknamed Ninho das Cobras ( meaning Snake Nest ) is a multi - use stadium in Cascavel , Brazil .
Torre Branca ( `` Branca Tower '' ) is an iron panoramic tower located in Parco Sempione , the main city park of Milan , Italy .
Malekabad - e Somaq ( Persian : ملک آباد سماق‎ , also Romanized as Malekābād - e Somaq ; also known as Malekābād ) is a village in Teshkan Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pahn Kesh ( Persian : پهن كش‎ ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lake Fork Reservoir is a reservoir located in Wood , Rains , and Hopkins counties in the state of Texas , between the towns of Quitman , Alba , Emory , and Yantis , Texas .
Pachole ( paˈxɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Knick - Ei ( `` dented egg '' ) was the nickname of a sports hall located at the corner of Feldstraße and Bahnhofstraße in the city of Halstenbek , located in Pinneberg county in the state of Schleswig - Holstein in northern Germany .
Rożki - Kolonia ( ˈrɔʂki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Big Six Mile Creek Marina is a 21-acre ( 0.085 km2 ) state park and marina located on the upper Niagara River on Grand Island in Erie County , New York .
East Hampton Airport ( IATA : HTO , ICAO : KHTO , FAA LID : HTO ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of East Hampton , a village in the Town of East Hampton , Suffolk County , New York , United States .
Sacrifice Rock is a historic Native American site in Plymouth , Massachusetts in the Pine Hills region , in the northern section of The Pinehills residential project on Old Sandwich Road .
Aliabad - e Khaleseh ( Persian : علي ابادخالصه‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Khāleṣeh ; also known as `` Alīābād ) is a village in Tarand Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 150 , in 29 families .
Scurelle ( German : Schurell ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) east of Trento .
Natset is a major village on the Chindwin River in Paungbyin Township , Mawlaik District , in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma .
The Old Ship Street Historic District is a historic district on both sides of Pleasant St. from Riverside Ave . to Park Street in Medford , Massachusetts .
Pusad is a town and a second largest municipal council in Yavatmal district after Yavatmal of Vidarbha region in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Hangers Way is a 21 mile long - distance footpath through Hampshire , England from Alton railway station to Queen Elizabeth Country Park .
Winston Barracks was a British Army base , located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) east of Lanark , Scotland .
1010 Common ( formerly the Bank of New Orleans Building ) , located at 1010 Common Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans , Louisiana , is a 31-story , 438-foot ( 134 m)-tall skyscraper .
Manduvavaripalem is a small village in Ongole mandal , Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Shahrak - e Changuleh ( Persian : شهرك چنگوله‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Changūleh ) is a village in Mohsen Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Mehran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Sarput - e Fartaq ( Persian : سرپوت فارتق‎ , also Romanized as Sarpūt - e Fārtaq ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bishgan ( Persian : بيشگان‎ , also Romanized as Bīshgān ; also known as Bashgān , Bayānī , and Beyānī ) is a village in Dasht - e Zahab Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lane - end is a hamlet in the parish of Egloshayle , Cornwall , England .
Sarakhs County ( Persian : شهرستان سرخس‎ ) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
Balewko ( baˈlɛfkɔ ) ( German : Klein Baalau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Miankuh Sadat ( Persian : ميانكوه سادات‎ , also Romanized as Mīānkūh Sādāt ) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Balf ( German : Wolfs ) is a town in Hungary , a district of Sopron .
KICB ( 88.1 FM ) is a non - commercial radio station that serves the Fort Dodge , Iowa area .
Suskowola ( suskɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Goldwater Institute is a Phoenix , Arizona - based conservative and libertarian public policy think tank .
Dilhorn House is a two storey Federation Queen Anne - style building located on the corner of Bulwer and Lord Streets , Perth , Western Australia .
Pelartegan ( Persian : پلارتگان‎ , also Romanized as Pelārtegān ) is a village in Garkan - e Shomali Rural District , Pir Bakran District , Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Stoney Creek Airport , ( TC LID : CPF6 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) east of Stoney Creek , Ontario , Canada .
La Boca is a neighborhood , or barrio of the Argentine capital , Buenos Aires .
Dobrzyków ( dɔˈbʐɨkuf ) ( 1943 - 1945 , German Weichselhöh ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Qareh Nas ( Persian : قره نا س‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Nās ; also known as Qarah Nāz ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Dallas Center Air Force Station ( ADC ID : M-122 ) is a United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station 3.7 miles ( 6.0 km ) northeast of Dallas Center , Iowa , that was closed in 1957 .
Podmąchocice ( pɔdmɔ̃xɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Lage Zwaluwe is a village in the municipality Drimmelen , North Brabant , the Netherlands .
Broniew ( ˈbrɔɲef ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Vadaveekam is a village near Jayankondam , Ariyalur district , in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Lizard Lounge is a nightclub situated in between Harvard Square and Porter Square on Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The McCrary House ( also known as McVille ) is a historic farm house near Huntsville in Madison County , Alabama .
Reigle Field ( FAA LID : 58N ) , also known as Reigle Airport , is a privately owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of the central business district of Palmyra , in Lebanon County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Ilmer is a village in Buckinghamshire at the foot of the Chiltern Hills about 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of Princes Risborough , near the boundary with Oxfordshire .
Bhaluee ( also known as Bhalui ) is a village in Lakhisarai district , Bihar , India .
Gandia , and the whole Safor comarca , is said to be the centre of the Raspall variant of the Valencian pilota autochthonous sport .
Upton Cross and Upton are hamlets a quarter of a mile apart in east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Sydenham Falls is a 15 metre ribbon waterfall near the Spencer Gorge / Webster 's Falls Conservation Area in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Pocomoke State Forest is a state forest of Maryland that lies on both banks of the Pocomoke River in Worcester County .
The Wellsville Tabernacle was built as a Gothic Revival - styled meetinghouse of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) and is located in Wellsville , Cache County , Utah .
Divrash ( Persian : ديورش‎ , also Romanized as Dīvrash ) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sorocza Nóżka ( sɔˈrɔt͡ʂa ˈnuʂka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Academy of the Canyons ( AOC ) is a public middle college high school in Santa Clarita , California , USA .
Hojjatabad - e Kharaji ( Persian : حجت اباد خراجي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād - e Kharājī ; also known as Ḩojjatābād ) is a village in Abnama Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Charlton Island is an uninhabited island located in James Bay , Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Simon Cameron House , also known as John Harris Mansion and the Harris - Cameron Mansion is a site in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
The New Providence School District is a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade in New Providence in Union County , New Jersey , United States .
Korzyścienko ( kɔʐɨɕˈt͡ɕenkɔ ) ( German : Neu Werder ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Do Hesaran ( Persian : دوحصاران‎ , also Romanized as Do Ḩeşārān and Doḩeşārān ; also known as Deh Sarūn and Sarun ) is a village in Ayask Rural District , in the Central District of Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yates Mill is a fully restored , circa 1756 gristmill located five miles ( 8 km ) south of downtown Raleigh , North Carolina .
The Regional District of Kootenay Boundary ( RDKB ) is a regional district in the province of British Columbia , Canada .
The Baldwin DR-12 - 8 - 1500/2 ( known informally as the Centipede ) was the Baldwin Locomotive Works ' first serious attempt at a production road diesel locomotive .
HMS E48 was a British E class submarine launched by Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company , Govan in 1916 and was completed by William Beardmore and Company , Dalmuir .
The Hudson Jet is a compact automobile that was produced by the Hudson Motor Car Company of Detroit , Michigan during the 1953 and 1954 model years .
The Leica M Monochrom is a digital camera in Leica Camera AG 's rangefinder M series , and features a monochrome sensor .
Fujifilm FinePix S9500 or FinePix S9000 is a bridge digital camera released by Fujifilm in 2005 and intended for the enthusiastic amateur .
Lieutenant General Sir Napier Crookenden , KCB , DSO , OBE , DL ( 31 August 1915 -- 31 October 2002 ) was a British Army General who reached high office in the 1960s .
Christopher O'Dowd ( 6 September 1920 -- 6 October 1943 ) , was an Irish founder member of the British Army 's Special Air Service .
John Clitherow enlisted in the British Army in 1799 and served in the Egyptian campaign of 1801 and in the Peninsular War among other assignments .
F 18 Tullinge , Södertörns flygflottilj , Royal Södertörn Air Force Wing , or simply `` F 18 '' , is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located in Tullinge just south - west of the capital Stockholm on the east coast .
The 15th ( King 's ) Parachute Battalion was an airborne infantry battalion of the Parachute Regiment , raised by the British Army in World War II . The 15th Parachute Battalion was formed in India during 1945 from the 1st Battalion the King 's Regiment ( Liverpool ) .
Richard Huck is a retired United States Marine Corps officer .
General Sir Francis Seymour , 1st Baronet , GCB ( 2 August 1813 , Lisburn , County Down -- 10 July 1890 , Kensington Palace , London ) was a British Army officer and courtier .
The Grenadier Guards ( GREN GDS ) is an infantry regiment of the British Army .
Sir Thomas Bertie RSO ( 3 July 1758 -- 13 June 1825 ) , born Thomas Hoar , was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Commodore William Farquharson Burnett , CB ( c. 1837 -- 7 February 1863 ) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy .
Sir Andrew Snape Douglas ( 8 October 1761 -- 4 June 1797 ) was a distinguished Scottish sea captain in the Royal Navy during the American War of Independence and French Revolutionary Wars .
Beverly W. Reid ( 1917 - -1942 ) was a United States Navy officer who received the Navy Cross for his actions in combat during World War II .
Chaplain ( Major General ) Stuart E. Barstad , USAF ( August 9 , 1929 -- August 25 , 2009 ) was an American Air Force officer who served as Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force from 1985 to 1988 .
Admiral Sir Charles Hardy ( ca . 1714 -- 18 May 1780 ) was a Royal Navy officer and colonial governor of New York .
General Sir Clive Gerard Liddell KCB CMG CBE DSO ( 1 May 1883 -- 9 September 1956 ) was Adjutant - General to the Forces of the British Army .
Major General Marcelite J. Harris ( born January 16 , 1943 , Houston , Texas ) became the first African - American female general officer of the United States Air Force .
Major - General Sir William Julius Gascoigne KCMG ( 29 May 1844 -- 9 September 1926 ) was a British Army officer and served as General Officer Commanding the Militia of Canada from 1895 to 1898 .
William Nassau Lees ( 1825 - -1889 ) was a British Army officer in India , known as an orientalist .
Clarence Page Townsley ( September 24 , 1855 - -December 28 , 1926 ) was a career United States Army officer who became superintendent of the United States Military Academy .
John Scott Redd ( born September 10 , 1944 ) was a vice admiral of the United States Navy , and afterward the first Senate - confirmed Director of the National Counterterrorism Center , serving from 2005 until 2007 .
Marshall S. Roth was a major general in the United States Air Force .
Brigadier Bernard Howlett , D.S.O. and Bar ( 18 December 1898 - 29 November 1943 ) was a professional soldier in the British Army , who was killed in action in Italy .
Captain John Northall ( 1723?--1759 ) was an officer of the British Army and a writer .
Iftikhar Ahmed Sirohey , NI(M ) , SBt , HI , ( born 1934 ) , is a retired four - star admiral who was the 10th Chief of Naval Staff ( CNS ) of Pakistan Navy from 1986 to 1988 .
The USNS Leroy Grumman ( T - AO-195 ) , a United States Navy fleet replenishment oiler , christened by his three daughters was launched in 1988 and delivered to the U.S. Navy in 1989 .
Field Marshal Sir Edward Blakeney GCB GCH PC ( Ire ) ( 26 March 1778 -- 2 August 1868 ) was a British Army officer .
Admiral Sir Benjamin Hallowell Carew GCB , ( born Benjamin Hallowell ) ( ? 1 January 1761 -- 2 September 1834 ) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy .
Lieutenant Kenneth MacLeish , USN ( 19 September 1894 -- 14 October 1918 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War I. A Naval aviator , he received the Navy Cross posthumously for his combat actions .
Lieutenant - General Peter Hunter ( 11 July 1746 -- 21 August 1805 ) was a British Army officer and colonial administrator .
The 26th ( Cameronian ) Regiment of Foot was a Scottish infantry regiment of the British Army , active from 1689 to 1881 .
John Baillie McIntosh ( June 6 , 1829 -- June 29 , 1888 ) , although born in Florida , served as a Union Army brigadier general in the American Civil War .
Admiral James Saumarez , 1st Baron de Saumarez ( or Sausmarez ) , GCB ( 11 March 1757 -- 9 October 1836 ) was an admiral of the British Royal Navy , notable for his victory at the Battle of Algeciras .
George Croghan Reid ( December 9 , 1876 -- February 19 , 1961 ) was a Brigadier General in the United States Marine Corps and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the United States occupation of Veracruz .
James L. Jamerson ( born January 29 , 1941 ) is a retired United States Air Force General .
Eliakim Sherrill ( February 16 , 1813 -- July 4 , 1863 ) was an antebellum United States Congressman from the state of New York and a brigade commander in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Leopold Münster ( 13 December 1920 -- 8 May 1944 ) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during World War II . Leopold Münster claimed 95 victories , 25 on the Western Front .
Raymond McCreesh ( Irish : Réamonn Mac Raois , 25 February 1957 -- 21 May 1981 ) was a volunteer in the South Armagh Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) .
The Royal Irish Rangers ( 27th ( Inniskilling ) , 83rd and 87th ) was a regular infantry regiment of the British Army with a relatively short existence , formed in 1968 and later merged with several other Irish regiments in 1992 to form the Royal Irish Regiment .
Richard Henry Stevens ( 9 April 1893 -- 12 February 1967 ) was a major in the British Army and from 1939 Head of the Passport Control Office ( PCO ) of the British Secret Intelligence Service in the Netherlands .
Air Vice Marshal Raymond Collishaw CB , DSO & Bar , OBE , DSC , DFC ( 22 November 1893 -- 28 September 1976 ) was a distinguished Canadian fighter pilot , squadron leader , and commanding officer who served in the Royal Naval Air Service ( RNAS ) and later the Royal Air Force .
Frederick Behne ( October 3 , 1873 -- February 11 , 1918 ) was a fireman first class serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Sir Frescheville Holles ( 8 June 1642 -- 28 May 1672 ) was an English Royal Navy officer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1666 to 1672 .
Sandra E. Adams is a Rear admiral in the United States Navy .
Major - General Christopher Haslett Elliott , CVO , CBE ( born 26 May 1947 ) is a former senior British Army officer who served as Defence Services Secretary from 2001 to 2004 .
George W. McIver ( February 22 , 1858 -- May 9 , 1947 ) was a United States Army Brigadier General who served as acting Chief of the Militia Bureau and commanded the 161st Infantry Brigade in World War I.
General of the Army Vladimir Sergeyevich Mikhaylov ( Russian : Владимир Серге́евич Михайлов ; born October 6 , 1943 ) is a former commander - in - chief of the Russian Air Force .
Lord Frederick Windsor ( Frederick Michael George David Louis ; born 6 April 1979 ) , also nicknamed Freddie Windsor , is a British financial analyst , and the only son of Prince and Princess Michael of Kent ( born Baroness Marie - Christine von Reibnitz ) .
Olof Skötkonung ( c. 980 - -1022 ) was King of Sweden , son of Eric the Victorious and , according to Icelandic sources , Sigrid the Haughty .
Ibrahim ibn Muhammad ( Arabic script إبرهيم بن محمد ) was the male child of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and Maria al - Qibtiyya .
Isabelle of Luxembourg ( 1247 - -1298 ) was a daughter of Henry V of Luxembourg and his wife , Margaret of Bar .
According to Snorri Sturluson in the Prose Edda , Forseti is the son of Baldr and Nanna .
Infanta Isabel Maria of Portugal ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( izɐˈbɛɫ mɐˈɾiɐ ) ; Queluz , 4 July 1801 -- Benfica , then Belém , 22 April 1876 was a Portuguese infanta ( princess ) daughter of King John VI of Portugal and his wife Carlota Joaquina of Spain . She acted as regent for two years .
May - day 's dam , the Rubens mare , was an unnamed daughter of Rubens out of Tippitywitchet and was one of the outstanding broodmares of her time .
Gheorghe Remenco ( November 19 , 1918 - October 29 , 1977 ) was a journalist and author from Chişinău , Bessarabia , son of Alexandra Remenco and Dumitru Remenco .
Priya Dutt is the daughter of the late Bollywood actor and politician Sunil Dutt and Nargis .
Liu Chuyu was the oldest of six children of Emperor Xiaowu 's wife Empress Wang Xianyuan , although her birth date is not known .
Cassandra ( Greek : Κασσάνδρα , pronounced ( kas̚sándra͜a ) , also Κασάνδρα ) , also known as Alexandra or Kassandra , was the daughter of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy .
Theudebald or Theodebald ( in modern English , Theobald ; in French , Thibaud or Théodebald ; in German , Theudowald ) ( c. 535 - -555 ) , son of Theudebert I and Deuteria , was the king of Metz , Rheims , or Austrasia -- as it 's variously called -- from 547 or 548 to 555 .
Knud Ibsen was the son of ship 's captain Henrich Ibsen and Johanne Plesner ; his paternal great - grandfather had immigrated from Denmark to Norway in 1726 ; the family 's earliest known ancestor was Rasmus Ibsen ( 1632 - -1703 ) from Stege , Denmark ( cf . Rasmus Gynt in Peer Gynt ) .
Srividya was born on 24 July 1953 at Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India to Tamil film comedian Krishnamurthy and Carnatic classical singer M. L. Vasanthakumari .
Claude Brasseur was born in Neuilly - sur - Seine as Claude Pierre Espinasse , the son of actor Pierre Brasseur and actress Odette Joyeux and grandson of Jules Brasseur .
In Greek mythology , Nereus ( /ˈnɪəriəs , ˈnɪərjuːs/ ; Greek : Νηρεύς ) was the eldest son of Pontus ( the Sea ) and Gaia ( the Earth ) , who with Doris fathered the Nereids and Nerites , with whom Nereus lived in the Aegean Sea .
King Æthelbald of Wessex or Ethelbald ( Old English : Æþelbald ) was the second of the five sons of King Æthelwulf of Wessex and Osburh .
Prince Hubertus of Prussia ( Hubertus Karl Wilhelm ; 30 September 1909 -- 8 April 1950 ) was the third son of Crown Prince Wilhelm of Germany and Duchess Cecilie of Mecklenburg - Schwerin .
Frederick of Luxembourg ( 965 -- 6 October 1019 ) , Count of Moselgau , was a son of Siegfried of Luxembourg and Hedwig of Nordgau .
Ann Clare Brokaw ( April 25 , 1924 -- January 11 , 1944 , Palo Alto , Calif. ) was the only child of Clare Boothe Brokaw ( later Clare Boothe Luce ) and George Tuttle Brokaw .
Jase Robertson was born to Phil and Marsha `` Kay '' Robertson in Bernice , Louisiana .
Anastasiya Vertinskaya was born on December 19 , 1944 , in Moscow , soon after her father , the famous singer - songwriter Alexander Vertinsky returned from Harbin with his Georgian wife , painter and actress Lidiya Vertinskaya ( née Tsirgvava ) .
Mechtild of Nassau ( before 1280 -- 19 June 1323 ) was the youngest child of Adolf of Germany and his wife Imagina of Isenburg - Limburg .
Anna Komnene Angelina or Comnena Angelina ( c. 1176 -- 1212 ) was a daughter of the Byzantine Emperor Alexios III Angelos and of Euphrosyne Doukaina Kamatera .
Lin Liheng ( Chinese : 林立衡 ; pinyin : Lín Lìhéng ; born 1944 ) was the daughter of Lin Biao and Ye Qun , nicknamed `` Dou Dou '' ( lit . bean bean ) because Lin Biao loved eating beans .
The Nišava or Nishava ( Bulgarian and Serbian Cyrillic : Нишава , Serbian pronunciation : ( nǐʃaʋa ) ) is a river in Bulgaria and Serbia , a right tributary , and with a length of 218 km also the longest one , of the South Morava .
Klingermans Run ( also known as Klingerman Run ) is a tributary of Catawissa Creek in Columbia County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
The Speyerbach is a left tributary of the Rhine in the Palatinate part of Rhineland - Palatinate .
The Oust ( Breton : Oud ) is a river in Brittany , France , right tributary of the Vilaine .
The Rideau River is an Eastern Ontario river which flows north from Upper Rideau Lake and empties into the Ottawa River at Rideau Falls in Ottawa , Ontario .
The Cheremosh River ( Ukrainian : Черемош , Romanian : Ceremuş , Polish : Czeremosz ) is a river in western Ukraine , right - bank tributary of the Prut River .
The Nuthe is a river in Brandenburg , Germany , left tributary of the Havel .
Carnahan Run is a tributary of the Kiskiminetas River in Armstrong County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
Cape Cod Bay is a large bay of the Atlantic Ocean adjacent to the U.S. state of Massachusetts .
The Kwilu River is a major river that originates in Angola and flows north through Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) to the city of Bandundu , where it joins the Kwango River just before this stream enters the Kasai River .
The Küsten Canal , also known as the Coastal Canal ( German : Küstenkanal ) , is a canal , about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) long , that links the Dortmund - Ems Canal with the Hunte and thus the Weser rivers .
The Choptank River is a major tributary of the Chesapeake Bay and the largest river on the Delmarva Peninsula .
The Ardila is a river of Spain and Portugal and a tributary of the Guadiana .
The Retreat River rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range , near Shooters Hill , and flows generally to the south - west , before reaching its confluence with the Abercrombie River , near Hadley .
The headwaters of the Delatite River rise on the western slopes of the Victorian Alps and descend to flow into the Goulburn River within Lake Eildon .
The Gambia River ( formerly known as the River Gambra ) is a major river in West Africa , running 1,130 kilometres ( 700 mi ) from the Fouta Djallon plateau in north Guinea westward through Senegal and the Gambia to the Atlantic Ocean at the city of Banjul .
Blizzards Run ( also known as Blizzard Run or Blizzard 's Run ) is a tributary of Sechler Run in Montour County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
The Maira is an Italian river , a right tributary of the Po , which runs through the province of Cuneo in eastern Piedmont .
The Örtze is a river in the North German state of Lower Saxony , which rises north of Munster in the Große Heide ( in the Raubkammer federal forest ) and , after 62 kilometres ( 39 mi ) , joins the Aller southeast of Winsen .
Uggerby Å rises in Sterup ( south of Hjørring ) and empties into Skagerrak .
The Mokihinui River 's headwaters are located in the Glasgow Range and its mouth is on the Tasman Sea .
The Piesting meets the Fischa at Gramatneusiedl .
Tarcutta Creek is mostly a perennial stream beginning approximately 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) near Batlow and confluence with the Murrumbidgee River approximately 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) southeast of Oura in the Riverina area in New South Wales , Australia .
West Morava ( Serbian : Западна Морава / Zapadna Morava , pronounced ( zâːpadnaː mɔ̝̌rav̞a ) ) , is a river in central Serbia , a 308 km - long longer headstream of the Great Morava , which it forms with the South Morava .
The river Canche ( Dutch : De Kwinte ) is one of the rivers that flow from the plateau of the southern Boulonnais and Picardy , into the English Channel .
Excalibosaurus ( meaning `` Excalibur 's lizard '' ) is a monotypic genus of marine prehistoric fish - like reptiles ( ichthyosaurs ) that lived during the Sinemurian stage ( approximately 196.5 ± 2 Ma to 189.6 ± 1.5 Ma ( million years ago ) ) of the Early Jurassic period in what is now England .
Arfvedsonite was discovered in 1823 and named for the Swedish chemist Johan August Arfwedson ( 1792 - -1841 ) .
The Boltzmann Medal ( or Boltzmann Award ) is the most important prize awarded to physicists that obtain new results concerning statistical mechanics ; it is named after the celebrated physicist Ludwig Boltzmann .
Duodenitis is inflammation of the duodenum .
The Cross of Saint Euphrosyne was a revered relic of the Russian Orthodox Church and Belarus , which was made in 1161 by Lazar Bohsha for the order of Saint Euphrosyne of Polatsk and lost in June 1941 in Mahilyow .
Graham 's law , also known as Graham 's law of effusion , was formulated by Scottish physical chemist Thomas Graham in 1848 .
Founded in 1997 as an IRC network for QuakeWorld players , QuakeNet saw huge growth over the coming years as it attracted many other gamers .
The school was renamed the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health on April 20 , 2001 in honor of Michael Bloomberg ( founder of the eponymous media company ) for his financial support and commitment to the school and Johns Hopkins University .
The George Foster Peabody Awards ( or simply Peabody Awards ) program , named for American businessman and philanthropist George Peabody , recognizes distinguished and meritorious public service by American radio and television stations , networks , online media , producing organizations , and individuals .
The John F. Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) is one of ten National Aeronautics and Space Administration field centers , and is NASA 's Center of Excellence for launch and payload processing systems .
Ponte Punta Penna Pizzone also known as Ponte Aldo Moro is a Girder bridge that spans Mar Piccolo in Taranto .
The Iitaka dimension was introduced by Shigeru Iitaka ( 1970 , 1971 ) .
Langlois Bridge ( French : Pont de Langlois ) was a drawbridge in Arles , France , which was the subject of several paintings by Vincent van Gogh in 1888 .
Paneth cells are named after Joseph Paneth ( 1857 - -1890 ) , an Austrian physiologist .
In mathematics , the Edwards curves are a family of elliptic curves studied by Harold Edwards in 2007 .
The type locality ( GSSP ) of the Fortunian stage is in Fortune Head , at the northern edge of the Burin Peninsula , Newfoundland , Canada ( 47.0762 ° N 55.8310 ° W ) .
The neighbourhood gets its name from Cigalazade Yusuf Sinan Pasha ( Turkish : Cağaloğlu Yusuf Sinan Paşa ; c. 1545 - -1605 ) , an Ottoman admiral and statesman of Genoese descent , as well as a member of the influential Cicala family of Genoa .
Heineken International ( pronounced ( ˈɦɛinəkə(n ) ) ) is a Dutch brewing company , founded in 1864 by Gerard Adriaan Heineken in Amsterdam .
The people , later to be known as Frisii , began settling in Frisia in the 6th century BC . According to Pliny the Elder , in Roman times , the Frisians ( or rather their close neighbours , the Chauci ) lived on terps , man - made hills .
International Holocaust Remembrance Day , is an international memorial day on 27 January commemorating the victims of the Holocaust .
In algebraic geometry , Chow 's moving lemma , named after Wei - Liang Chow , states : given algebraic cycles Y , Z on a nonsingular quasi - projective variety X , there is another algebraic cycle Z ' on X such that Z ' is rationally equivalent to Z and Y and Z ' intersect properly .
Manganosite is a rare mineral composed of manganese(II ) oxide MnO.
Batadorp is a neighbourhood of the Dutch town of Best , just northwest of Eindhoven , which the Czech Bata Shoes company built a factory in 1934 on land that the company bought from the municipality .
Hereditary spastic paraplegia was first described in 1883 by Adolph Strümpell , a German neurologist , and was later described more extensively in 1888 by Maurice Lorrain , a French physician .
The phrase Pyrrhic victory is named after king Pyrrhus of Epirus , whose army suffered irreplaceable casualties in defeating the Romans at Heraclea in 280 BC and Asculum in 279 BC during the Pyrrhic War .
After the dictator 's death , it was renamed Pico Duarte , in honor of Juan Pablo Duarte , one of the Dominican Republic 's founding fathers .
The Julian calendar , introduced by Julius Caesar in 46 BC ( 708 AUC ) , was a reform of the Roman calendar .
Nelson Mandela International Day ( or Mandela Day ) is an annual international day in honour of Nelson Mandela , celebrated each year on 18 July , Mandela 's birthday .
Haworth Tompkins was formed in 1991 by architects Graham Haworth ( b. 1960 ) and Steve Tompkins ( b. 1959 ) .
The Mazzeo system is a key system for the clarinet invented by Rosario Mazzeo in the 1950s , and is a modification of the Boehm system .
Juniata College established its Mountain Day in 1896 , and Williams College students have been climbing Mount Greylock , the highest mountain in Massachusetts , to celebrate Mountain Day since the 1800s .
In mathematics , Levinson 's inequality is the following inequality , due to Norman Levinson , involving positive numbers .
The Wallace Line or Wallace 's Line is a faunal boundary line drawn in 1859 by the British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace that separates the ecozones of Asia and Wallacea , a transitional zone between Asia and Australia .
Berlin Brandenburg Airport ( IATA : BER , ICAO : EDDB ) ( German : Flughafen Berlin Brandenburg Willy Brandt ) is an international airport under construction , located adjacent to the current Berlin Schönefeld Airport in Schönefeld 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) south of the city centre of Berlin , the capital of Germany .
The Gottfried - Keller - Preis or Prix Gottfried Keller is one of the oldest literary awards of Switzerland .
The Thiele tube , named after the German chemist Johannes Thiele , is a laboratory glassware designed to contain and heat an oil bath .
The plot follows the life of Nell Trent and her grandfather , both residents of The Old Curiosity Shop in London .
Abu Hassan , a favorite of the Caliph of Baghdad , is heavily in debt .
8th & Ocean is an American reality series about a group of models living in Miami , Florida that premiered on MTV on March 7 , 2006 .
Mr. Broadway is an American 13-episode CBS adventure and drama television series starring Craig Stevens as New York City public relations specialist Mike Bell .
Related to issues of the Vietnam War theme , In the Lake of the Woods follows the struggle of John Wade to deal with a recently failed campaign for the United States Senate .
Little Cop is a 1989 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Eric Tsang , starring Tsang and Natalis Chan .
Second Brother is a novel by the American writer David Guy set in 1960s Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Miracle at St. Anna is set primarily in Italy during German - occupied Europe in World War II . It tells the story of four Buffalo Soldiers of the 92nd Infantry Division who seek refuge in a small Tuscan village , where they form a bond with the residents .
The Rozabal Line is a thriller fiction that deals with the subject of Jesus having survived the crucifixion and having settled down in India .
Follyfoot was a children 's television series co - produced by the majority - partner British television company Yorkshire Television ( for transmission on ITV ) and the independent West German company TV Munich ( for transmission on the ZDF channel ) .
Pedicab Driver ( Chinese : 群龍戲鳳 ; Cantonese Yale : Kwan lung hei fung ) is a 1989 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by and starring Sammo Hung , who portrays the leader of a crew of cycle rickshaw drivers in 1930s Macau .
Les Abencérages , ou L'étendard de Grenade ( English : The Abencerrages , or The Standard of Granada ) is an opera in three acts by Luigi Cherubini with a French libretto by Etienne de Jouy , based on the novel Gonzalve de Cordoue by Jean - Pierre Claris de Florian .
Dare Not Walk Alone is about the civil rights movement and its aftermath in St. Augustine , Florida , the site of prolonged inter - racial tension and protests by the NAACP and the SCLC .
Christina Alberta 's Father ( 1925 ) is a novel by H. G. Wells set in London and environs in 1920 - -1922 with two protagonists :
Mr. Accident grossed $ 1,612,424 at the box office in Australia , .
The Pacific Between contains many themes such as betrayal , sacrifice , unconditional love , pride , prejudice , and life 's lessons , set in Southern California and Hong Kong .
I Ca n't Think Straight is a 2008 romance film adapted from a same name novel about a London - based Jordanian of Palestinian descent , Tala , who is preparing for an elaborate wedding .
Boyz n the Hood is a 1991 American teen hood drama film written and directed by John Singleton in his directorial debut , and starring Ice Cube , Cuba Gooding , Jr. , Morris Chestnut , Larry Fishburne , Nia Long and Angela Bassett , depicting life in South Central Los Angeles , California .
Richard Firth of This Is Local London rated it 4/5 and said , `` One Night in Turin does justice to all the emotion entwined around it ( the 1990 World Cup ) .
John from Cincinnati is an American television drama , set against the surfing community of Imperial Beach , California , that aired on HBO from June 10 , 2007 to August 12 , 2007 .
The Diagnosis of Love is a chick lit novel by the American writer Maggie Leffler set in contemporary Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania and in England .
Dancer from the Dance is a 1978 gay novel by Andrew Holleran about gay men in New York City and Fire Island .
Top Gear 2 ( known as Top Racer 2 in Japan ) is the sequel to the 1992 game Top Gear , first released in September , 1993 for the Super NES , May 24 , 1994 for the Sega Genesis and in 1994 for Amiga .
The Wild Bunch is a 1969 American epic Western Technicolor and Panavision 70 mm film directed by Sam Peckinpah about an aging outlaw gang on the Texas--
Black Narcissus was released only a few months before India achieved independence from Britain in August 1947 .
Stavros Dimas ( Greek : Σταύρος Δήμας , Greek pronunciation : ( ˈstavros ˈðimas ) ; born 30 April 1941 ) is a Greek politician who was European Commissioner for the Environment from 2004 to 2009 .
Renaud Donnedieu de Vabres ( born 13 March 1954 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ) , often known as RDDV , is a French politician , France 's Minister of Culture from 2004 to 2007 .
Gad Elmaleh ( Hebrew : גד אלמלח ; Arabic : جاد المالح‎ ; French pronunciation : ​(ɡad‿ɛlmalɛ ) ; born April 19 , 1971 ) is a Moroccan French stand - up comedian and actor who lives and works in France .
Jean - Baptiste Le Carpentier ( 1 June 1719 , Helleville - 27 January 1829 , Mont - Saint - Michel ) was a French political activist from Normandy .
Henri Antoine Jules - Bois ( or simply Jules Bois ; 29 September 1868 , Marseille -- 2 July 1943 , New York ) , was a French writer with an interest in the occult .
Hippolyte Castille ( November 8 , 1820 , Montreuil - sur - Mer -- September 26 , 1886 , Luc - sur - Mer ) was a French writer and polemicist .
Willem Bilderdijk ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋɪləm ˈbɪldərˌdɛi̯k ) ) ( Amsterdam , 7 September 1756 -- Haarlem , 18 December 1831 ) was a Dutch poet .
Chloé Coulloud is a French actress , known for her role in the 2011 French horror movie Livide .
Raymond Marcellin ( Sézanne , Marne , 19 August 1914 -- 8 September 2004 ) was a French politician .
Luc Besson ( French pronunciation : ​(lyk bɛsɔ̃ ) ; born 18 March 1959 ) is a French film director , screenwriter , and producer .
Martin Mussgnug ( February 22 , 1936 in Heidelberg -- February 2 , 1997 in Singen ) was a German politician and leader of the National Democratic Party of Germany ( NPD ) from 1971 to 1991 .
Antoine Blanc de Saint - Bonnet ( 28 January 1815 -- 2 June 1880 ) was a French philosopher , whose ideas were a precursor to modern sociology .
Bertrand Denis ( 1902 - -1986 ) was a French industrial .
Charles Chamberland ( 12 March 1851 -- 2 May 1908 ) was a French microbiologist from Chilly - le - Vignoble in the department of Jura who worked with Louis Pasteur .
Charles Dobzynski ( born 1929 Warsaw - 26 September 2014 ) was a French poet , journalist and translator .
Carsten Jensen is a Danish author and political columnist .
Philippe Clair ( born September 14 , 1930 ) is a French actor , director , producer , screenwriter , and popular humorist .
Louis Félix Étienne , marquis de Turgot ( 26 September 1796 , Falaise , Calvados -- 2 October 1866 , Versailles ( Yvelines ) ) was a French diplomat and politician .
Christophe Premat ( born 7 December 1976 ) is a French academic and politician who serves as deputy for the Third constituency for French residents overseas in the Assemblée Nationale at Paris , since 2014 .
Wladimir d'Ormesson ( 2 August 1888 , Saint Petersburg -- 15 September 1973 ) was a French essayist , novelist , journalist and diplomat .
Jean Reynaud ( 14 February 1806 , Lyon -- 28 June 1863 , Paris ) was a French socialist philosopher .
Lucien Saint ( 26 April 1867 - 24 February 1938 ) was a French administrator and politician .
Louis Chavance ( 1907 - -1979 ) was a French screenwriter .
Jeroen van Wijngaarden ( born 29 March 1978 ) is a Dutch politician , he has been a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy since 1 July 2014 , when he replaced Cora van Nieuwenhuizen , who became member of the European Parliament .
Pierre Benoît Soult ( 19 July 1770 -- 7 May 1843 ) joined the French royal army before the French Revolution .
Kornelis Heiko Miskotte ( September 23 , 1894 in Utrecht -- August 31 , 1976 in Voorst ) was a Dutch Protestant theologian and a representative of dialectical theology .
Rebecca Lord ( born February 16 , 1973 ) is the stage name of a French pornographic actress who has been active since 1993 .
Jean - Pons - Guillaume Viennet ( 18 November 1777 -- 10 July 1868 ) was a French politician , playwright and poet .
Prosper Mérimée ( September 28 , 1803 -- September 23 , 1870 ) was a French dramatist , historian , archaeologist , and short story writer .
François Colletet ( 1628 - 1680 ? ) was a French poet , the son of the poet Guillaume Colletet , however , his poetry was considered inferior to that of his father and he was ridiculed by Nicolas Boileau .
Fabrice Hadjadj ( born 1971 ) is a French writer and philosopher .
Guus Kuijer ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ɣys ˈkœyər ) ; born 1 August 1942 ) is a Dutch author .
François Henri Eugène Daugier ( or François - Henri - Eugène d'Augier ) ( 12 September 1764 , Courthezon - 12 April 1834 , Paris ) was a French naval officer and politician .
Paul Auguste Tousez , known as Paul Bocage , ( Paris , 5 October 1824 -- Paris , 25 September 1890 ) was a French librettist , novelist and dramatist .
Florian Zeller ( born 28 June 1979 ) is a French novelist and playwright .
Ismail Ertug ( born 5 December 1975 in Amberg , Germany ) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) and Member of the European Parliament since 2009 .
Paul Giéra ( 1816 - -1861 ) was a French Provençal poet .
Gabriel Serville ( born 27 September 1959 in Cayenne ) is a French politician who was elected to the French National Assembly on 16 June 2012 representing the department of French Guiana .
Alfred Biehle ( 15 November 1926 in Augsburg -- 29 October 2014 in Karlstadt am Main ) was a German politician , representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Josef Jungmann ( 16 July 1773 in Hudlice , near Beroun -- 14 November 1847 in Prague ) was a Bohemian poet and linguist , and a leading figure of the Czech National Revival .
Christa Klaß ( also spelled Christa Klass ) ( born 7 November 1951 ) is a German politician .
Abdellatif Kechiche ( Tunisian Arabic : عبد اللطيف كشيش‎ , born 7 December 1960 ) is a Tunisian - French actor , film director and screenwriter .
Pierre - Jean Grosley ( Troyes , 18 November 1718 - -4 November 1785 ) was a French man of letters , local historian , travel writer and observer of social mores in the Age of Enlightenment and furthermore he was a contributor to the Encyclopédie ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences , des arts et des métiers .
Xavier Darcos ( born 14 July 1947 ) is a French politician , scholar , civil servant and former Minister of Labour .
Marguerite Georges ( 1787 - -1867 ) was a French stage actor .
Jacques Camou ( May 1 , 1792 -- February 8 , 1868 ) was a French general in the armies of Emperor Napoleon III .
Robert Guillain ( 4 September 1908 -- 29 December 1998 ) was a French journalist and author of several books on Asia , especially Japan .
Frédéric Taddeï ( born January 5 , 1961 ) is a French journalist and television and radio host .
Gérard Collomb ( born on 20 June 1947 ) is a French politician .
Lee Ze - ha ( This is his preferred Romanization per LTI Korea , or Hangul : 이제하 ) is a South Korean writer , poet and painter .
Antoine Cormery is a French journalist who works at France 24 , a French international non - stop news TV channel since 2006 .
François - Xavier Demaison ( born 22 September 1973 in Asnières - sur - Seine ) is a French actor and humorist .
Vera Lengsfeld ( Sondershausen , East Germany , 4 May 1952 ) is a German politician .
Giuseppe Murnigotti ( Martinengo,1834 -- 1903 ) was an Italian inventor of the motorcycle .
Cornelis van Eesteren ( 4 July 1897 , Alblasserdam - 21 February 1988 , Amsterdam ) was a prominent Dutch architect and urban planner .
Eduardo Manet ( born 19 June 1930 ) is a Cuban - born novelist and playwright writing in French .
Viola von Cramon - Taubadel , often officially referred as simply Viola von Cramon ( Halle ( Westphalia ) , 23 March 1970 ) is an Alliance ' 90/The Greens politician who represented Lower Saxony in the Bundestag , the German federal parliament from 2009 to 2013 .
Victoria Bedos ( born April 28 , 1984 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ) is a French author , screenplay writer , singer and actor .
Jean - Paul - Alban Villeneuve - Barcement ( 8 August 1784 , Saint - Auban - 8 June 1850 , Paris ) was a parliamentary leader of the French legitimists .
Bruno Lopes , alias Kool Shen , ( French pronunciation : ​(kul ˈʃɛn ) ; born 9 February 1966 ) is a French rapper and producer , with Portuguese origins .
Jean Ristat , ( born 1943 in Argent - sur - Sauldre Cher ) is a French poet and writer .
François Bernier ( 25 September 1620 -- 22 September 1688 ) was a French physician and traveller .
Michel Robbe ( born 3 June 1946 ) is a French film and theater actor and television host .
Francis Vielé - Griffin ( May 26 , 1864 -- November 12 , 1937 ) , was a French symbolist poet .
Bernard Lazare ( 15 June 1865 -- 1 September 1903 ) was a French Jewish literary critic , political journalist , polemicist , and anarchist .
Jean Queval ( 1913 - -1990 ) was a French translator .
Claude Klotz ( Marseille , October 6 , 1932 -- Paris , August 13 , 2010 ) , better known by his pen name Patrick Cauvin , was a French writer .
Raphaël Poulain ( b. 6 August 1980 , Amiens , Somme ) is a former French rugby union player .
Paul Alexis ( 16 June 1847 -- 28 July 1901 ) was a French novelist , dramatist , and journalist .
Johannes Rau ( German pronunciation : ( joˈhanəs ˈʁaʊ ) ; 16 January 1931 -- 27 January 2006 ) was a German politician of the SPD .
Hubert Falco ( born 15 May 1947 in Pignans , Var ) is a French politician who has been appointed Secretary of State for development of the territory in the government of François Fillon on March 18 , 2008 .
Jean - François Miniac ( born 1967 ) , better known under his pen name Solidor , is a French comic book creator ( writer and artist ) .
Georges Ribemont - Dessaignes ( June 19 , 1884 -- July 9 , 1974 ) was a French writer and artist associated with the Dada movement .
Henri Fabre ( November 29 , 1882 -- June 30 , 1984 ) was a French aviator and the inventor of the first successful seaplane , the Fabre Hydravion .
Georg August Zinn ( May 27 , 1901 -- March 27 , 1976 ) was a German lawyer and a politician of the SPD .
Veiko Õunpuu ( born 16 March 1972 in Saaremaa ) is an Estonian film director and screenwriter who is best known for his artistic movies Autumn Ball ( Sügisball , 2007 ) and The Temptation of St. Tony ( Püha Tõnu kiusamine , 2009 ) .
Paul Reboux ( 1877 - -1963 ) was a French writer , humorist , literary critic and painter .
Joseph Joffo ( born 1931 ) is a French author who is perhaps best known for his memoirs Un sac de billes ( A Bag of Marbles ) , which has been translated into eighteen languages .
Paul Naudet ( 1859 - -1929 ) was a French journalist and Catholic priest .
Claude Ollier ( French : ( klod ɔlje ) ; 17 December 1922 -- 18 October 2014 ) was a French writer closely associated with the nouveau roman literary movement .
Anton Martin Slomšek ( 26 November 1800 -- 24 September 1862 ) was a Slovene bishop , author , poet , and advocate of Slovene culture .
Nadine Schön ( born Nadine Müller , 5 June 1983 in Lebach , Saarland ) is a German politician and member of the CDU .
Lorella Cravotta ( born 9 April 1958 ) is a French comedienne and actress .
Irina Demick ( 16 October 1936 , Pommeuse , Seine - et - Marne -- 8 October 2004 ) , sometimes credited as Irina Demich , was a French actress with a brief career in American films .
Dominique Fabre ( born in Paris in 1960 ) is a French novelist who focuses `` on the lives of individuals on the margins of society . ''
Jean - Baptiste Sanson de Pongerville ( 3 March 1782 , Abbeville -- 22 January 1870 , Paris ) was a French a man of letters and poet .
Vincent - Marie Viénot , Count of Vaublanc ( 2 March 1756 -- 21 August 1845 ) was a French royalist politician , writer and artist .
Pierre Frédéric Dorian ( 24 January 1814 , Montbéliard , Doubs -- 14 April 1873 , Paris ) was a French master blacksmith and politician , a radical Republican leader .
Joseph de Goislard de Monsabert ( Libourne 30 September 1887 -- Dax , 13 June 1981 ) , was a French general who served during the Second World War .
Jean Audureau ( 1932 - -2001 ) was a French writer and playwright known for the whimsey of his work .
Tjibbe Veldkamp ( born 19 October 1962 ) is a Dutch author of children 's books .
Marcel Marceau ( French pronunciation : ​(maʁsɛl maʁso ) ; born Marcel Mangel , 22 March 1923 -- 22 September 2007 ) was a French actor and mime most famous for his stage persona as `` Bip the Clown . ''
Jeanne Sully ( 15 April 1905 - 28 June 1995 ) ( born Jeanne Régine Champs ) was a French actress .
Éric Fottorino , ( born 26 August 1960 in Nice ) , is a French journalist and writer .
Émile Drain ( 1890 - -1966 ) was a French actor and comedian .
Jean - Marie Domenach ( French : ( dɔmənak ) ; February 13 , 1922 -- July 5 , 1997 ) was a French writer and intellectual .
Auguste Hilarion , comte de Kératry ( 28 December 1769 -- 7 November 1859 ) , was a French poet , novelist , short story writer , literary critic , historian , and politician .
Didier Morville , better known by his stage name Joeystarr ( stylized JoeyStarr ( dʒɔ.ɛˈstaʁ ) ) with additional alias as Jaguar Gorgone or Double R , is a French rapper of Martinican origin , from Saint - Denis .
Lise Deharme ( née Anne - Marie Hirtz ) ( 5 May 1898 -- 19 January 1980 ) was a French writer associated with the Surrealist movement .
Lionel Ray ( born Robert Lorho on 19 January 1935 , Mantes - la - Ville ) is a French poet and essayist .
Marie - Pierre Kœnig ( French pronunciation : ​(maʁi pjɛʁ køniɡ ) ; 10 October 1898 -- 2 September 1970 ) was a French army officer and politician .
Roger - Gérard Schwartzenberg ( born 17 April 1943 in Pau , Pyrénées - Atlantiques ) is a French politician of the Radical Party of the Left ( French : Parti Radical de Gauche , PRG ) .
Maurice Nadeau ( 21 May 1911 -- 16 June 2013 ) was a French writer and editor .
Gustave Denis ( 20 August 1833 , Saint - Georges - Buttavent -- 2 February 1925 ) was a French industrialist and politician .
Joseph Paganon ( 19 March 1880 -- 2 November 1937 ) was a French chemical engineer and politician .
Abel Bonnard ( December 19 , 1883 -- May 31 , 1968 ) was a French poet , novelist and politician .
Robert Darène ( 10 January 1914 -- 15 January 2016 ) was a French actor , film director and screenwriter .
Bernhard Sälzer ( 4 September 1940 -- 18 December 1993 ) was a German politician ( CDU ) , member of the Landtag of Hesse and of the European Parliament .
Albert Rivière ( 24 April 1891 -- 28 June 1953 ) was a French tailor and moderate socialist politician .
Pierre Dux ( 21 October 1908 -- 1 December 1990 ) was a French stage director , stage actor , and film actor .
Ramdane Touhami ( born 23 September 1974 in Montauban , France ) is a French - Moroccan artist , fashion designer , product designer , DJ and journalist .
Robert Boulin ( 20 July 1920 -- 30 October 1979 ) was a French politician who served as Minister of Labour in the French Cabinet and was at the centre of a major real - estate scandal that ended only with his death in mysterious circumstances .
Alexia Portal is a French actress best known for her role as Béatrice Romand 's son 's girlfriend in the 1998 film Autumn Tale .
Guesch Patti , ( 16 March 1946 ) , born Patricia Porasse , is a French singer .
François - Xavier Audouin ( 18 April 1765 , in Limoges , Haute - Vienne -- 23 July 1837 , in Paris ) was a French clergyman and politician during the French Revolution .
André Morellet ( 7 March 1727 -- 12 January 1819 ) was a French economist writer and contributor to the Encyclopédie ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences , des arts et des métiers .
Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger ( zaˈbiːnə ˈlɔʏthɔʏsɐ ˈʃnaʀənˌbɛɐ̯ɡɐ ) ( born 26 July 1951 ) is a German politician of the liberal Free Democratic Party and a prominent advocate of human rights in Germany and Europe .
Josseline Gaël ( born Jeannine Augustine Jeanne Blanleuil ; 4 February 1917 -- 10 August 1995 ) was a French film actress who specialised in comedy roles .
Yasmine Belmadi ( 26 January 1976 -- 18 July 2009 ) was a French actor of Algerian parents .
Vassiliki Thanou - Christophilou ( Greek : Βασιλική Θάνου-Χριστοφίλου , Greek pronunciation : ( vasiliˌci ˌθanu xristoˈfilu ) ; born 1950 ) , also known as Vassiliki Thanou , is a Greek judge who , in an interim capacity , served as Prime Minister of Greece from 27 August to 21 September 2015 .
Pierre Cot ( 20 November 1895 , in Grenoble , Isère -- 21 August 1977 ) , was a French politician and leading figure in the Popular Front government of the 1930s .
Martin Harden ( born 1876 , date of death unknown ) was an fencer .
Johann Peter Hasenclever ( 1810 - -1853 ) was a German painter , known mostly for his genre subjects .
Glenn Toby p / k / a rapper Mr . Sweety G was Positive K 's first manager and produced his first record `` I 'm Getting Paid '' also on Star Maker .
Wilfred John Oskar Armster is an award - winning architect , and principal of the Connecticut - based Wilfred Armster Architects .
Jeremiah Burnham Tainter ( January 6 , 1836 in Prairie du Chien , Wisconsin -- February 5 , 1920 ) was an inventor and engineer known for having designed the Tainter gate in 1886 .
Luc Ponet is a Belgian organist , academic and board member of Nationaal Instituut voor de Orgelkunst .
Yvonne De Carlo ( born Margaret Yvonne Middleton ; September 1 , 1922 -- January 8 , 2007 ) was a Canadian - American actress , singer , and dancer whose career in film , television , and musical theater spanned six decades .
April Maiya is an American film producer , director and fashion designer .
Léon Delarbre ( 1889 - -1974 ) was a painter , museum curator , and World War II resistance fighter .
Gudrød the Hunter ( Old Norse : Guðrǫðr veiðikonungr , Norwegian : Gudrød Veidekonge ) , also known as the Magnificent ( Old Norse : enn gǫfugláti , Norwegian : den gjeve ) , is a legendary character portrayed in the Norse sagas as a Norwegian petty king in the early 9th century .
Gönül Yazar ( born Gönül Özyeğiner ) , born in the port city of Izmir on August 12 , 1932 , is a Turkish singer and actress .
Giraut or Guiraut de Calanso or Calanson ( fl . 1202 - -1212 ) was a Gascon troubadour in the Occitan language .
Jacobus Spoors ( Hazerswoude , September 14 , 1751 - The Hague , April 3 , 1833 ) , was a Dutch politician ( Patriot party ) in the Batavian Republic .
Henry Schradieck ( April 29 , 1846 -- May 25 , 1918 ) was a German violinist , music pedagogue and composer .
Brynard Stander is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with Australian Super Rugby side the Force .
Dawid Olejniczak ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈdavit ɔlɛjˈɲit͡ʂak ) ; born March 1 , 1983 in Łódź ) is a Polish tennis player .
Dick Findlay is a Canadian boxer who represented Canada in the 1968 Summer Olympic Games .
Violet Lucille Fletcher ( March 28 , 1912 -- August 31 , 2000 ) was an American screenwriter of film , radio and television .
Imre Czomba is a highly respected multi award winning composer , film composer , orchestrator , music producer and musician .
Bruce Fink ( December 22 , 1861 -- July 10 , 1927 ) was a prominent American lichenologist .
Hugo Gernsback ( August 16 , 1884 -- August 19 , 1967 ) , born Hugo Gernsbacher , was a Luxembourgish - American inventor , writer , editor , and magazine publisher , best known for publications including the first science fiction magazine .
Laureys a Castro or Lorenzo A. Castro was a Flemish painter of marine views and portraits who is mainly known for his work executed in England roughly between 1672 and 1700 .
Knud Karl Krogh - Tonning ( December 31 , 1842 -- February 19 , 1911 ) was a Norwegian theologian , known for his conversion to Catholicism .
Robert Buchar is an American cinematographer , filmmaker , film director and producer , born in 1951 in Hradec Králové , former Czechoslovakia .
Louis Van Lint ( December 25 , 1909 -- December 27 , 1986 ) was a Belgian painter , major figure of the Belgian post - war abstraction .
Willem Weertman is an American engineer known for his work as an engineer at Chrysler Corporation , where he was actively involved in the creation of many of the company 's most famous engines , including the Slant Six , 2.2 four , and LA V8 ( 318 , 360 ) .
Kanwarjit Singh Sawhney , a.k.a . K. J. Singh is an Indian audio engineer based in Mumbai who won the 54th National Film Award for Best Audiography and Filmfare Award for Best Sound Design with Shajith Koyeri and Subash Sahu for his work on the 2006 film Omkara .
Alec Rayme ( born December 20 , 1978 ) is an American actor Rayme has several film and television credits to his name , Rayme in 2014 appeared on the cover of cornerstone connection magazine to promote the movie Left behind .
Sarah Sauvey ( born November 10 , 1983 in Melbourne ) is an Australian - born British freestyle skier , specializing in ski cross .
Juan Carlos Lamas ( October 13 , 1921 -- July 27 , 2004 ) , born Rafael Velázquez , was an Argentine actor from Rosario .
Sergey Smbatyan ( Armenian : Սերգեյ Սմբատյան ; born 1987 ) is an Armenian conductor and violinist .
Bob Eggleton ( born September 13 , 1960 ) is a science fiction , fantasy , and horror artist .
Mellie Dunham ( July 29 , 1853 - September 27 , 1931 ) was an American fiddler during the early twentieth century .
Emil Rebreanu ( December 17 , 1891 -- May 14 , 1917 ) was an Austro - Hungarian Romanian military officer executed during World War I. The protagonist in Forest of the Hanged , a 1922 novel by his brother Liviu Rebreanu , is influenced by his experience .
Dennis P. Collins ( June 12 , 1924 -- December 6 , 2009 ) was an American Democratic party politician who served as the 24th mayor of Bayonne , New Jersey from 1974 until his retirement in 1990 .
Dr. Charles Munnerlyn is an American optical engineer .
Alexander Spirkin ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Гео́ргиевич Спи́ркин ; 1918 - -2004 ) was a Soviet and Russian philosopher and psychologist .
A. J. Nowak was the head coach of the Central Michigan University college football program from 1929 to 1930 .
Bert Parks ( born Bertram Jacobson ; December 30 , 1914 -- February 2 , 1992 ) was an American actor , singer , and radio and television announcer , best known for hosting the annual Miss America telecast from 1955 to 1979 .
Ruth Stiles Gannett Kahn ( born August 12 , 1923 ) is an American children 's writer best known for My Father 's Dragon and its two sequels that are sometimes collectively referred to as the My Father 's Dragon series ) .
Mazlum Çimen ( June 18 , 1958 in Elbistan , Kahramanmaraş ) is a Turkish musician , ballet dancer , film actor , folk singer , and award - winning film score composer .
Jeanne Marie Laskas is an American writer , journalist , and professor .
Amos Lee ( born Ryan Anthony Massaro , June 22 , 1977 ) is an American singer - songwriter whose musical style encompasses folk , rock and soul .
Tami Hert is an American R&B singer , who was signed to Epic Records in the 1990s .
Sarah Castle is an American Paralympic wheelchair basketball player and swimmer .
Hope Partlow ( born May 31 , 1988 ) is an American pop singer from Drummonds , Tennessee .
Howard C. Cutler is an American writer and psychiatrist who practices in Phoenix , Arizona .
Yahya ibn Sarafyun ( 9th century ) a Syriac physician , known in Europe as Johannes Serapion , and commonly called Serapion the Elder to distinguish him from Serapion the Younger , with whom he was often confused .
Yumie Nishiogi ( 西荻 弓絵 ; born September 3 , 1960 ) is a Japanese screenwriter .
Joe Cunnane is a former Gaelic footballer and Australian rules footballer who represented Ireland at the Australian Football International Cup and also appeared on two Irish football reality television shows .
Francisco Narciso de Laprida ( October 28 , 1786 in San Juan -- September 22 , 1829 ) was an Argentine lawyer and politician .
Victor Hernández Stumpfhauser ( born in Morelia , Michoacán ) is a Mexican musician and film score composer .
Joseph Charles Rosario Bourdon ( March 6 , 1885 -- April 24 , 1961 ) was a French Canadian cellist , violinist , conductor , arranger and composer .
Giovanni Maria Tamburini ( flourished 17th century ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Michele Jolin is an American social entrepreneur and policymaker .
Vagif Mustafazadeh ( Azerbaijani : Vaqif Mustafazadə ; March 16 , 1940 -- December 16 , 1979 ) , also known as Vaqif Mustafa - Zadeh , was an Azerbaijani jazz pianist and composer , acclaimed for fusing jazz and the traditional Azerbaijani folk music known as mugham .
Faith Erin Hicks is a Canadian webcomic and comic artist and writer and animator living in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Linda Hopkins ( born December 14 , 1924 ) is an African - American actress and blues and gospel singer .
General Joseph P. Hoar ( born December 30 , 1934 ) is a retired U.S. Marine Corps officer , former Commander in Chief of United States Central Command .
Liang Shaoji is a Chinese conceptual artist .
Edward C. Waymire is an American mathematician , and professor of mathematics at Oregon State University .
Henno Althoff ( born September 16 , 1960 in Lippstadt , West Germany ) is a German record producer , recording engineer and studio owner , best known for his association with Australian fingerstyle guitarist Tommy Emmanuel .
Chen Te - tung ( Chinese : 陳德同 ; pinyin : Chén Détóng ; born October 15 , 1985 ) is a Taiwanese former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle events .
Hudson Maxim ( February 3 , 1853 -- May 6 , 1927 ) , was a U.S. inventor and chemist who invented a variety of explosives , including smokeless gunpowder , Thomas Edison referred to him as `` the most versatile man in America '' .
Michael Londra is an Irish singer .
Lloyd Valdemar Baxter ( December 6 , 1919 -- December 18 , 2012 ) , better known as Skippy Baxter , was an American figure skater .
Jasimuddin ( 30 October 1903 -- 14 March 1976 ; born Jasim Uddin ) was a Bengali poet , songwriter , prose writer , folklore collector and radio personality .
Hermann Maurer ( born April 26 , 1941 ) is an Austrian computer scientist , serving as Professor of Computer Science at the Graz University of Technology .
Bonnie Urquhart Gruenberg is an artist , photographer , author , and certified nurse - midwife .
Harold M. Ross is a cultural anthropologist who studied the Baegu community and culture on the island of Malaita in the Solomon Islands .
Diane Arbus ( /diːˈæn ˈɑːrbəs/ ; March 14 , 1923 -- July 26 , 1971 ) was an American photographer and writer noted for photographs of marginalised people -- dwarfs , giants , transgender people , nudists , circus performers -- and others whose normality was perceived by the general populace as ugly or surreal .
Sal Maccarone is an American author , furniture maker , sculptor and kinetic artist .
Nat Cassidy ( born September 25 , 1981 ) is an American actor , writer , and musician based out of New York City , New York , United States .
Saber Abdel Aziz al - Douri ( Arabic : صابر عبد العزيز الدوري‎ ) is a former Iraqi politician and intelligence officer .
Silvo Breskvar ( December 31 , 1902 -- January 3 , 1969 in Ljubljana ) was a Slovenian mathematician and physicist .
Maureen F. McHugh ( born February 13 , 1959 ) is a science fiction and fantasy writer .
Jerry Tucker ( born November 1 , 1925 ) is a former American child actor , most notable for appearing as the `` rich kid '' in the Our Gang short subjects series semi - regularly from 1931 to 1938 .
Vadim Panov is a Russian fantasy and science - fiction writer .
Avvy ( born April 22 , 1984 ) is a songwriter and performer contributing to the art of Bahamian folk music , Junkanoo and Rake - and - scrape .
Ryuki Ueyama ( born 17 April 1976 in Tokyo ) is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division .
Mark Mori is an American documentary filmmaker , television producer and screenwriter of documentary and reality television series and specials .
Qin Yiyuan ( simplified Chinese : 秦艺源 ; traditional Chinese : 秦藝源 ; pinyin : Qín Yìyuán ; born February 14 , 1973 ) is a Chinese former world level women 's badminton player .
Samoilă Mârza ( Romanian pronunciation : ( samoˈilə ˈmɨrza ) ; September 18 , 1886 -- December 19 , 1967 ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born Romanian photographer .
Arnold Wilkerson ( born April 6 , 1943 ) is an American actor and the creator and owner of the Little Pie Company in Manhattan , New York City .
Elena - Cristina Marchisano ( born 1979 ) is a Romanian TV , theater and film actor living in Los Angeles .
Claire Burger is a French film director , film editor and screenwriter .
Sugeeth is a film director who made his debut through the Malayalam language film Ordinary .
John Russell of Bluffdale ( 1793 - -1863 ) was a 19th - century American novelist , writer and licensed Baptist preacher .
Charles Willson Woodside ( 1905 -- May 29 , 1991 ) was a Canadian journalist well known for his World War II reporting , author , and a professor of political science at the University of Guelph .
As a dedicated , successful writer , Lydia Sigourney violated essential elements of the very gender roles she celebrated .
Prince Adam Stanisław Sapieha ( 1828 - -1903 ) was a Polish nobleman , landlord , politician .
Americo Boschetti ( born April 16 , 1951 ) is a singer , composer and guitarist .
Bryan Coleman ( 1911 - -2005 ) was a British film actor and television actor .
Juaquin Gallardo ( born May 3 , 1977 , in San Diego , California ) is a Mexican American professional boxer in the Welterweight division and is the former WBC Latino Light Welterweight Champion .
Abderrazak Houya ( born February 20 , 1987 in Monastir ) is a Tunisian amateur boxer who fought at the 2012 Olympics at junior welterweight .
Wes Platt ( born 1966 ) is a professional journalist , game writer / designer , creator of the online games OtherSpace , Chiaroscuro and Necromundus , and one - time Director of Content Development for Fallen Earth .
Lesley Choyce is a novelist and poet living at Lawrencetown Beach , Nova Scotia .
Sam Roe is a Chicago Tribune journalist who was part of a team of reporters that won the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting for an examination of hazardous toys and other children 's products .
Mike Hedges is a British audio producer / engineer .
Kaydean is a British - American record and TV producer , composer , DJ , record label executive and artist manager .
Alfred Dundas Taylor was born August 30 , 1825 in England , son of George Ledwell Taylor ( 1788 - -1873 ) , a civil architect to the Admiralty in the UK .
Modern leading ARF politician Vahan Hovhannisyan stated in 2008 that Aram Manukian is the best example in Armenian history of a statesman that `` stood by the people . ''
Lore Segal ( born March 9 , 1928 ) , née Lore Groszmann , is an American novelist , translator , teacher , and author of children 's books , currently living in New York City .
Jay Don Blake ( born October 28 , 1958 ) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour ; he currently plays on the Champions Tour .
Marian Radke - Yarrow ( March 2 , 1918 -- May 19 , 2007 ) was an American child psychologist known for studying controversial topics such as prejudice , altruism , and depression in children .
Engin Altay ( born 15 December 1963 ) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) who serves as a Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Sinop since the 2002 .
Saint John of Matera or Mathera , also Saint John of Pulsano ( Italian : San Giovanni da Matera ) was a Benedictine monk .
José Clemente Orozco ( November 23 , 1883 -- September 7 , 1949 ) was a Mexican painter , who specialized in bold murals that established the Mexican Mural Renaissance together with murals by Diego Rivera , David Alfaro Siqueiros , and others .
Dean Armstrong ( born April 24 , 1973 ) is a Canadian actor , producer and acting coach known for his roles in television , film and theatre .
Fouad Awad ( born October 7 , 1956 ; Arabic : فؤاد عوض ; Hebrew : פואד עווד ) is an avant - garde Israeli - Palestinian theatre director , and a prominent figure in the Palestinian theatrical movement .
Marsha Stevens - Pino ( born 20 August 1952 in Pomona , California ) is a Christian singer , musician , songwriter and recording artist .
John MacDonagh ( 1880 - -1961 ) was an Irish film director , playwright , and a participant in the 1916 Easter Rising .
Sonal Kalra is an award - winning Indian journalist - author , presently with the Hindustan Times , India 's second largest national English daily .
Ada Feinberg - Sireni ( Hebrew : עדה פיינברג - סירני‎ , born 22 April 1930 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1969 and 1974 .
Len Compton ( born in Summerside , Prince Edward Island ) is a Canadian politician who served as mayor of Kenora , Ontario from 2006 to 2010 .
Allen Hulsey ( born February 8 , 1985 ) is a singer , songwriter , guitarist and visual artist .
Frederick Lee Morton ( born March 28 , 1949 ) , known commonly as Ted Morton , is a Canadian politician and former cabinet minister in the Alberta government .
Jennifer L. Knox ( * 1968 ) is an American poet .
Richard Haensch ( active from 1890 ) was a German entomologist and insect dealer in Berlin .
Mark Althavean Andrews ( born November 9 , 1978 ) , known by his stage name Sisqó ( stylized as SisQó ) , is an American R&B singer , songwriter , dancer , record producer and actor .
Harry Cicma ( born February 18 , 1982 ) is an American former tennis player and currently a sports anchor for WNBC , the NBC - owned station in New York City , and NBC Sports Group .
Shamim Chowdhury ( Bengali : শামীম চৌধুরী ) is an English television and print journalist .
Giovanni Urbinati ( aka Gio ) is an Italian ceramist and sculptor .
Diana Doherty is an Australian oboist , currently Principal Oboe with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra .
Rosa King ( March 14 , 1939 -- December 12 , 2000 ) was an American jazz and blues saxophonist / singer who made her fame in Amsterdam and recorded many albums under a variety of labels .
The Shuvalov Painter was an Attic vase painter of the red - figure style , active between 440 and 410 BC , i.e. in the High Classical period ( Parthenon period ) .
John Prosky is an American film , theatre , and television actor .
Dávid Bélaváry ( born ca . 1580 ) ( szikavai és Bélaváry ( Both ) Dávid in Hungarian ; David Belevari / Belavaryin latin ; Давид Шикован-Біловарі ( David Shykovan - Bilovari ) in Ukrainian ) was a diplomat and high official of the Kingdom of Hungary during the seventeenth century , and a member of the Bélaváry family .
Bob Connolly is an Australian film director , cinematographer and author .
Jesse Frohman is an internationally known photographer who lives and works in New York City .
Pyrilampes ( Greek : Πυριλάμπης ) was an ancient Athenian politician and stepfather of the philosopher Plato .
Svetlana Vanyo ( born May 26 , 1977 ) , née Svetlana Pozdeyeva , is a Russian - American former competition swimmer , coach , and private swimming instructor .
Carole Migden ( born August 14 , 1948 ) is an American politician from San Francisco , California who represented the third district of the California State Senate from 2004 to 2008 and the 13th district of the California State Assembly from 1996 to 2002 .
Fred Jerkins III , also known as `` Uncle Freddie '' , is an American songwriter and record producer who is best known for his work with his brother Rodney `` Darkchild '' Jerkins .
Edwin Larwill ( ca 1806 -- December 29 , 1876 ) was a tinsmith and political figure in Canada West .
Fabien Vanasse dit Vertefeuille ( November 6 , 1850 -- December 3 , 1936 ) was a journalist , lawyer and political figure in Quebec .
Jamie Pedersen ( born September 9 , 1968 ) is an American lawyer and politician from the state of Washington who has served as a member of the Washington State Legislature since January 2007 .
Kalla Pasha ( March 5 , 1879 -- June 10 , 1933 ) was an American professional wrestler , vaudeville comedian , and film actor active during the silent era .
Vivek Wadhwa is an American technology entrepreneur and academic .
Mason Reese ( born April 11 , 1965 ) is a former child actor who appeared in numerous television commercials in the 1970s , particularly for Underwood Deviled Ham , Post Raisin Bran , and Dunkin ' Donuts ' Dunkin ' Munchkins - brand `` donut holes '' .
Reinhold Weiss ( born 1934 ) is a German - born industrial designer who lives in Chicago , Illinois creating products now considered icons of the Functionalist school of industrial design , and led to the success of the Braun brand .
Paul Hendrickson ( born April 29 , 1944 ) is an American author , journalist , and professor .
João de Aquino is a Brazilian guitarist and composer , born June 23 , 1945 .
Bernard Sachs ( January 2 , 1858 -- February 8 , 1944 ) was a Jewish - American neurologist .
Larisa Migachyov is a Russian - born composer and ragtime composer .
Victor Anatolyevich Vassiliev or Vasilyev ( Russian : Виктор Анатольевич Васильев ; born April 10 , 1956 ) , is a Soviet and Russian mathematician .
Lisa Anderson ( born October 16 , 1950 ) is an American political scientist and the former President of the American University in Cairo ( AUC ) .
Chloe Dao ( born June 15 , 1972 ) is an American fashion designer and television personality who lives and works in Houston , U.S. She was the winner of the second season of the reality show Project Runway with a collection of women 's evening wear .
Günter Theißen ( born 16 January , 1962 in Mönchengladbach ) is a German geneticist .
The Shambling Bull Painter was an ancient Corinthian vase painter in the black - figure style ; his real name is unknown .
Donald J. Sobol ( October 4 , 1924 -- July 11 , 2012 ) was an award - winning American writer best known for his children 's books , especially the Encyclopedia Brown mystery series .
Aris T. Allen ( December 27 , 1910 -- February 8 , 1991 ) was an American politician who was the first African - American chair of the Maryland Republican party and the first to run for a statewide office in Maryland .
S. Gokula Indira ( ta : எஸ். கோகுல இந்திர ) is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu from Anna Nagar constituency .
Zoltán Lengyel ( born July 17 , 1960 ) is a Hungarian politician and member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Sárbogárd , Fejér County Constituency VI from 2002 to 2009 , when he resigned .
Greg Iles ( born 1960 ) is a novelist who lives in Mississippi .
Arthur Dreifuss ( sometimes credited as Dreyfuss ; 1908 - 1993 ) was a German - born American film director , and occasional producer and screenwriter .
Mohammad Shahzada Hossain ( born September 10 , 1986 in Rasai ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays first class cricket for Rajshahi Division .
Jacques Waben ( c. 1590 , Hoorn -- c. 1634 , Hoorn ) , was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter .
Marquard Gude ( Gudius ) ( February 1 , 1635 -- November 26 , 1689 ) was a German archaeologist and classical scholar , most famous for his collection of Greek and Latin inscriptions .
Tu Cheng - sheng ( Chinese : 杜正勝 ; pinyin : Dù Zhèngshèng ) is a Taiwanese politician and historian .
Paul Komor was a Hungarian businessman and diplomat .
Julianna Barwick is an American musician who was born in Louisiana and raised in Missouri .
Richard Liberty ( born Riccardo Liberatoscioli , March 3 , 1932 -- October 2 , 2000 ) was an American film and television actor .
LaRoyce Hawkins is an American actor , stand - up comic , spoken word artist , and musician .
Joseph Russell Jones ( February 17 , 1823 -- April 11 , 1909 ) was a successful US merchant and politician , a close friend of Ulysses S. Grant and an acquaintance of Abraham Lincoln .
Surdas was a late 15th - century blind saint , poet and musician , known for his devotional songs dedicated to Lord Krishna .
Erica Wheeler ( born October 24 in Maryland ) is an American folk singer - songwriter .
Wang Ruoshui ( Chinese : 王若水 ; pinyin : Wáng Ruòshuǐ ; Wade -- Giles : Wang Jo - shui , 1926 - -2002 ) , was a Chinese journalist and philosopher , major exponent of Marxist humanism and of Chinese liberalism .
Deepakk Sunil Prasadh is an Indian film director & writer .
Karen Demirchyan ( Armenian : Կարեն Դեմիրճյան ) ( April 17 , 1932 -- October 27 , 1999 ) was a Soviet and Armenian politician .
Jan Ladislav Dussek ( baptized Václav Jan Dusík , with surname also written as Duschek or Düssek ; February 12 , 1760 -- March 20 , 1812 ) was a Czech composer and pianist .
Wendy Carlos ( born Walter Carlos ; November 14 , 1939 ) is an American composer and performer , known for her use of electronic instruments to play classical music , and for her film scores .
Vinayan is an Indian film director and producer , mainly of Malayalam movies .
Christopher H. Whittle ( born 1959 ) is an educator and paleontologist who has published on a wide variety of topics including the development of paranormal beliefs , learning from popular television , museum studies , and dinosaur paleontology ( Nedcolbertia , gastroliths ) .
Cyril May is an Australian singer and songwriter who often performs with Jack McDonald .
Roger Forsythe ( born John Roger Forsythe ) ( July 11 , 1955 - October 6 , 1991 ) was a men 's fashion designer .
Dariusz Baliszewski is a Polish historian , journalist and writer .
Saud Shakeel ( born 10 May 1995 , Karachi , Sind ) is a Pakistani domestic cricketer .
Patrick McCay is an Irish born Scottish/ American painter who resides in the Boston area .
Ionel Doru Popovici ( born February 17 , 1932 ) is a Romanian composer , musicologist , writer and musical concerts manager .
Herbert Crabtree ( 25 May 1880 -- 2 March 1951 ) was an English cricketer active from 1902 to 1908 who played for Lancashire .
Manuel Germán Cuello was a Colombian politician , Mayor of Valledupar in 1967 and Governor of the Department of Cesar by appointment under the presidency of Misael Pastrana between June 19 , 1971 and August 13 , 1974 .
Anna Rabinowitz is an American poet , librettist and editor .
Horacio Bocaranda is a Venezuelan American US television and film director , Alternate Names :
Starhawk ( born Miriam Simos on June 17 , 1951 ) is an American writer and activist .
Elie Norbert ( born January 23 , 1984 ) is a Malagasy judoka who competed in the 60-kg category .
Ricci Harnett ( born 8 February 1975 ) is an English actor , best known for his role as Carlton Leach in the film Rise of the Footsoldier .
Alex Dolan is a journalist , weather presenter and science teacher who went undercover for the documentary Undercover Teacher .
Eleanor Clymer , born Eleanor Lowenton ( January 7 , 1906 -- March 31 , 2001 ) , was a writer of children 's books , best known for The Trolley Car Family ( 1947 ) .
Prasad Oak is an actor , director , writer , singer , anchor , poet and film producer .
Sheila Escovedo ( born December 12 , 1957 ) , known by her stage name Sheila E. , is an American singer , drummer , and percussionist whose notable collaborators include Prince , Billy Cobham , Lionel Richie , George Duke , Ringo Starr , Gloria Estefan , Jennifer Lopez , Beyoncé , Hans Zimmer and Kanye West .
Alexander Numenius ( Gr . Ἀλέξανδρος ) , or ( according to the Suda ) Alexander , son of Numenius , was a Greek rhetorician who flourished in the first half of the 2nd century .
Nafisa Abdullaeva is an Uzbek lawyer , business scholar , textbook author , writer , and poetess .
Stina Lundberg Dabrowski ( born December 3 , 1950 ) is a Swedish journalist , television host , producer , writer , and professor of television production .
Trish Murphy is an Austin - based singer - songwriter .
Nonius Atticus ( floruit 383 - 397 ) was a politician of the Roman Empire .
Bryyn performed as the lead guitarist and backup vocalist in Ophur , opening for national acts including The Plain White T 's , Sum 41 , Violent Femmes , Local H , Lucky Boys Confusion , Veruca Salt , Two Skinee J 's , Duvall , and Sleeping at Last .
Regina Alatiit , also known as Gina Alajar ( born June 28 , 1959 ) is a FAMAS and Gaward Urian Award winning Filipino film actress and television director .
Monika Ritsch - Marte ( born September 26 , 1961 in Höchst ) is an Austrian physicist in the fields of biomedical optics , theoretical quantum optics and non - linear optics .
Ken Yuasa ( Japanese : 湯浅 謙 ) ( October 23 , 1916 -- November 2 , 2010 ) was a World War II surgeon for the Japanese army .
Cheryl Dunn is a documentary filmmaker and photographer who was born in New Jersey , USA .
Eddie Lau Pui - Kei ( born February 24 , 1951 ) is a fashion designer in Hong Kong .
Gary Weeks ( born June 4 , 1972 ) is a German - born , American film and television actor ; he is also a film producer and screenwriter .
William J. Van Patten ( September 9 , 1848 -- February 13 , 1920 ) was a Vermont businessman , philanthropist and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate .
Dr. James Cooke Brown ( July 21 , 1921 -- February 13 , 2000 ) was a sociologist and science fiction author .
Salim Ahmed Salim ( Arabic : سليم احمد سليم‎ , Urdu : سلیم احمد سلیم , Swahili : Salim Ahmad Salim , born 23 January 1942 ) is a Tanzanian diplomat who has worked in the international diplomatic arena since the early 1960s .
Xu Xiaoxi ( Chinese : 徐小溪 ; born November 18 , 1981 in Chengdu ) is a Chinese film director and screenwriter .
Phillip Paley ( born September 15 , 1963 ) is an American actor possibly best recalled for his role as Cha - Ka in the 1974 American television series Land of the Lost .
Anthony Mann ( June 30 , 1906 -- April 29 , 1967 ) was an American actor and film director , most notably of films noir and Westerns .
Ion Gorun ( pen name of Alexandru I. Hodoș ; December 30 , 1863 - -March 30 , 1928 ) was an Imperial Austrian - born Romanian prose writer , poet and translator .
Kajjanbai was a singer and actress in India during the 1920s and 1930s , often referred to as the `` Nightingale of Bengal '' .
Michael Preece ( born on September 15 , 1936 ) is an American film and television director , script supervisor , producer , and actor best known for directing television series Dallas and Walker , Texas Ranger and films The Prize Fighter and Logan 's War :
Zhu Lijing ( Chinese : 朱俐靜 ; Wade -- Giles : Chu1 Li4-ching4 ) , better known as Miu Zhu or Super Miu , is a Taiwanese singer and entertainer .
Joette Katz ( born February 3 , 1953 ) is Commissioner of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families , and a former Associate Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court , where she also served as the administrative judge for the state appellate system .
Nicole Castrale ( pronounced `` cass - TRAHL - ee '' , née Dalkas , born March 24 , 1979 ) is an American professional golfer on the LPGA Tour .
Les Sampou is an American singer - songwriter and recording artist .
Paul Amos is a Welsh actor and Web series producer .
Penaz Masani is an Indian Ghazal singer who started singing in 1981 and has made over 20 albums .
Thomas Penfield Jackson ( January 10 , 1937 -- June 15 , 2013 ) was a judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia .
John Joseph Montgomery ( February 15 , 1858 -- October 31 , 1911 ) was an American inventor , physicist , engineer , and professor at Santa Clara College in Santa Clara , California who is best known for his invention of controlled heavier - than - air flying machines .
Emil L. Smith ( July 5 , 1911 -- May 31 , 2009 ) was an American biochemist who studied protein structure and function as well as biochemical evolution .
Jennifer Kes Remington is an American composer and filmmaker .
Amy Londoner ( April 12 , 1875 -- 1953 ) was an American painter who exhibited at the 1913 Armory Show .
Robert W. Faid ( April 30 , 1929 - May 30 , 2008 ) was an American author , numerologist and former nuclear engineer from Greenville , South Carolina .
Arthur Wells Gilmore , known as Art Gilmore ( March 18 , 1912 -- September 25 , 2010 ) , was an American voice actor and announcer heard in on radio and television programs , children 's records , movies , trailers , radio commercials , and documentary films .
Leroy Lamis ( 1925 - -2010 ) was an American sculptor , digital artist and art educator known for his work with Plexiglas .
Dick Rude ( born 1964 ) is a director , actor and writer known for his appearances in and contributions to many Alex Cox films including a starring role in 1986 's Straight to Hell , which he also served as a writer and contributed to the film 's soundtrack .
Anselm - François Comeau ( December 2 , 1793 -- November 27 , 1867 ) was a farmer , businessman and politician of Acadian descent in Nova Scotia .
Hedley Mattingly ( May 7 , 1915 -- March 3 , 1998 ) was a British actor who appeared in many American films and television series .
Krzysztof Celestyn Mrongovius ( German : Christoph Cölestin Mrongovius ; Polish : Krzysztof Celestyn Mrongowiusz ) ( July 19 , 1764 -- June 3 , 1855 ) was a Protestant pastor , writer , philosopher , distinguished linguist , and translator .
Ivan Kovalčik Mileševac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Ковалчик Милешевац ; March 3 , 1968 ) , Prijepolje , Yugoslavia , Serbia ) is a Serbian icon and fresco painter - the Prime Master of the Serbian Orthodox Eparchy of Mileševa .
Elia Suleiman ( Arabic : إيليا سليمان‎ , IPA : ( ˈʔiːlja sʊleːˈmaːn ) ; born July 28 , 1960 ) is a Palestinian film director and actor of Rûm Greek Orthodox origin .
Andrew John Boyd Hilton ( born 1944 ) is a British historian and a professor and fellow of Trinity College , Cambridge .
Dil Wickremasinghe is a broadcaster , comedian and journalist living in Ireland .
Dimitry Elias Léger ( born September 27 , 1971 ) is a Haitian - American writer and humanitarian .
Antranig Chalabian ( March 11 , 1922 , Kessab , Syria - April 12 , 2011 , Southfield , Michigan ) was a medical illustrator , cartographer and historian , an author of several volumes on Armenian history .
Paul Vitello is an American journalist who has been actively reporting for a variety of publications since 1975 .
Melanie Friend is a photographer / artist and Reader in Photography in the School of Media , Film and Music at University of Sussex , England .
Rona Elliot ( born February 22 , 1947 ) is an American music journalist and interviewer of television , radio , and print .
Rowland Pettit ( February 6 , 1927 -- December 10 , 1981 ) was an Australian - born American chemist .
Albert Kirchner ( aka Léar ) was a French photographer , manufacturer , exhibitor , and filmmaker who is noted for producing several religious and pornographic films .
Blackie Lawless ( born Steven Edward Duren ; September 4 , 1956 ) is an American songwriter and musician best known as the lead singer and rhythm guitarist ( formerly bassist ) for the heavy metal band W.A.S.P.
Triveni Acharya is an Indian journalist and activist living in Mumbai , best known for her work with the anti - sex - trafficking group the Rescue Foundation .
Larry Nemmers is a retired educator and better known as a former American football official in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Franziska Steffen ( born August 25 , 1981 in Surodadi ) is an Indonesian - born Swiss freestyle skier , specializing in ski cross and a former alpine skier .
Jitendra Joshi ( Marathi : जितेंद्र जोशी ) is a Marathi theater , movie actor and reality show host .
Arnold Rosner ( November 8 , 1945 in New York City -- November 8 , 2013 ) was an American composer of classical music .
Michele Hicks ( born June 4 , 1973 ) is an American screen actress and former fashion model who has worked in both film and television .
Chris Kelsey ( born June 5 , 1961 ) is an American - born jazz saxophonist , composer , and critic .
Gabriel Moraga ( 1765 -- June 14 , 1823 ) was a Spanish army officer in the Viceroyalty of New Spain , an Alta California explorer , and son of the pioneer José Joaquín Moraga .
Marcus Minucius Augurinus ( Latin , Marcus Minucius Augurinus ) was a Roman Republican politician of the patrician gens Minucia during the beginning of the 5th century BC . He served as Consul of Rome in 497 BC and 491 BC , both times serving together with Aulus Sempronius Atratinus .
Francesco Corteccia ( July 27 , 1502 -- June 7 , 1571 ) was an Italian composer , organist , and teacher of the Renaissance .
Nicholas Hall is a Melbourne jockey originally from Brisbane , Queensland .
Margaret Higgins Sanger ( born Margaret Louise Higgins , September 14 , 1879 -- September 6 , 1966 , also known as Margaret Sanger Slee ) was an American birth control activist , sex educator , writer , and nurse .
Leonid Mikhailovich Shkadov was a physicist who came up with the idea of the Shkadov Thruster .
Robert S. Newman ( born February 12 , 1943 ) is an anthropologist based in Marblehead , Massachusetts , USA , primarily known for his contribution to studying post-1961 Goa , India .
Sunny Besen Thrasher ( born December 13 , 1976 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a former Canadian child actor who starred as Paul Edison in Nelvana 's live - action series , The Edison Twins , and supplied voices in the first two Care Bears movies .
Roger Gracie Gomes ( born September 26 , 1981 ) is a Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu practitioner and mixed martial artist .
Jeffrey Hayden ( born October 15 , 1926 , in New York City , New York ) is an American television director and producer .
Cathie Beck ( born August 3 , 1955 ) is a Denver - based journalist and creative writer .
Jóanes Nielsen ( born April 5 , 1953 ) is a Faroese author and poet of the 1980s generation .
Ann - Sofie Gälman is a Swedish television presenter and journalist working for SVT2s daily news magazine Nordnytt , which covers Sweden 's three most northern provinces .
Cenap Samet a.k.a . Dzenap Samet , or Џенап Самет , ( born 2 April 1980 , Skopje , Macedonia ) is Macedonian - Turkish actor .
Benjamin Orzechowski ( September 8 , 1947 -- October 3 , 2000 ) , known as Benjamin Orr , was an American musician best known as a singer , bassist and co - founder of the rock band the Cars .
Anja Richter - Libiseller ( born October 5 , 1977 in Vienna ) is an Austrian platform diver .
Pierre Ouellet ( born September 2 , 1950 ) is a Québecois writer , critic , and literature professor .
Christian Magoon is an American entrepreneur , author , speaker and business executive , best known for being CEO of Magoon Capital .
Kat Flint is a Scottish singer - songwriter born in Barbados and raised in Aberdeen .
Richard Fancy ( born August 2 , 1943 ) is an American actor known for his long recurring role on Seinfeld as publisher Mr. Lippman , Elaine Benes 's first major employer on the series .
Catharine Weed Barnes ( 1851 - -1913 ) was an early American photographer who later lived in England .
Enrico Forlanini ( December 13 , 1848 - October 9 , 1930 ) was an Italian engineer , inventor and aeronautical pioneer , well known for his works on helicopters , aircraft , hydrofoils and dirigibles .
Pellín Rodríguez ( December 4 , 1926 -- October 31 , 1984 ) , was a Salsa singer .
Amana Melome is a Euro - Caribbean - American singer - songwriter currently based in Stockholm .
Myla Dalbesio ( born in 1987 in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania ) is an American model and artist from Wisconsin .
Terese Pencak Schwartz ( born in Wildflecken , Germany ) is an American writer , historian , publicist and fine art photographer , who studied journalism and communication arts at the Michigan State University .
Umberto Bazzoli ( Verona , 1860 -- after 1887 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of landscapes and portraits .
Yuna Aoki ( Japanese : 青木祐奈 , born 10 January 2002 ) is a Japanese competitive figure skater .
Sir Thomas North ( 1535 - -1604 ) was an English justice of the peace , military officer and translator .
Basil Soper ( c1938 -- June 1 , 2013 ) was a British actor and voice - over artist , best known for his work on the Basil Brush show and famous for presenting `` The Personal Injury Helpline '' adverts .
John Kusiak ( born July 20 , 1948 ) is an American composer best known for his work with documentary filmmaker Errol Morris .
William Rousseau is a French singer and composer .
Hannibal Lokumbe ( born Marvin Peterson on November 11 , 1948 in Smithville , Texas ) also known mononymously as Hannibal , is an American jazz trumpeter and composer .
Shane Van Dyke ( born August 28 , 1979 ) is an American television and film actor , film director and screenwriter .
Leonhard Ludwig Finke ( 1747 - -1837 ) was a German physician , known for his contributions to medical geography .
Nirupa Chandari is an American biologist who has shown that human and animal tongues have special receptors that respond to umami , the fifth taste .
Maia Panjikidze ( Georgian : მაია ფანჯიკიძე ) ( born October 16 , 1960 ) is a Georgian diplomat and politician .
Wayne Brent is the current college basketball head coach of the Jackson State Tigers and a former high school basketball coach and college assistant coach .
Mary Mazzio is an American award - winning documentary filmmaker , attorney , and a rower for the United States in the 1992 Olympics .
Thomas Suluk ( Inuktitut : ᑖᒪᔅ ᓱᓗᒃ , born March 14 , 1950 ) is a former Canadian politician .
Paul Adelstein ( born April 29 , 1969 ) is an American television and film actor , best known for the role of Agent Paul Kellerman in the Fox television series Prison Break and his role as pediatrician Cooper Freedman in the ABC 's Private Practice .
Jeffrey Brooks ( born 1956 ) is an American composer living in Minneapolis .
Jonathan Wade - Drahos is an American film and television actor who is most famous for his lead role as John Webster in Dirk Shafer 's 2001 film Circuit .
Thomas Witten is an American theoretical physicist working in the field of soft matter physics .
Granius Flaccus ( active in the 1st century BC ) was an antiquarian and scholar of Roman law and religion , probably in the time of Julius Caesar and Augustus .
Winston Jessurun is a Surinamese politician and plastic surgeon .
John Rutherfurd ( September 20 , 1760 -- February 23 , 1840 ) was an American politician and land surveyor .
Miroslav Kraljević ( 1885 - -1913 ) was a Croatian painter , printmaker and sculptor , active in the early part of the 20th century .
Saviour Kasukuwere is a Zimbabwean politician who has served in the government of Zimbabwe as Minister of Local Government since 2015 .
Archie Blackowl was a Cheyenne painter from Oklahoma who played a pivotal role in mid-20th century Native American art .
Troy Olsen ( born July 12 , 1973 ) is an American country music singer - songwriter signed to EMI Nashville , a sister label to Capitol Records Nashville .
Lieutenant General Elchin Guliyev Isa oglu ( Azerbaijani : Elçin Quliyev Isa oğlu ; born September 22 , 1967 ) is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Chief of State Border Service of Azerbaijan Republic .
John Bromfield ( born Farron Bromfield ; June 11 , 1922 -- September 19 , 2005 ) was an American film and television actor .
Henry Dzinotyiweyi is a Zimbabwean mathematician and politician .
Edward John Neary is American electronic engineer , specializing in audio processing equipment for motion pictures and broadcasting , as well as an Academy Award and Emmy Award winner .
John Menario ( born September 18 , 1935 ) is an American banker , politician and urban planner .
Ata ul Haq Qasmi ( Urdu : عطا الحق قاسمی‎ ) is a Pakistani Urdu language columnist and poet .
Danya Ruttenberg is an American rabbi , editor , and author .
Arman Sabir ( Urdu : ارمان صابر‎ ) is an investigative Pakistani journalist .
Peter Bradley Adams is a folk - pop Americana singer - songwriter from Birmingham , Alabama .
Witmer Stone ( September 22 , 1866 -- May 24 , 1939 ) was an American ornithologist , botanist , and mammalogist , and was considered one of the last of the `` great naturalists . ''
Bohdan Lepky , ( Ukrainian : Богдан Лепкий , November 9 , 1872 , Krehulets , Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria , Austro - Hungary -- July 21 , 1941 , Cracow , General Government , Nazi Germany ) was a prominent Ukrainian writer , poet , scholar , public figure , artist and patriot .
Alexandra Cunningham ( born 1972/1973 ) is an American playwright , screenwriter , and television producer .
Antonio Macia is an American screenwriter and actor .
Charles J. Hewitt ( July 15 , 1867 -- July 22 , 1940 ) was an American businessman , banker and politician from New York .
Armen Nalbandian ( born April 6 , 1978 , in Manchester , England ) is a jazz pianist , composer , author and humanitarian from Los Angeles , California .
Sherry Roberts ( born July 29 , 1968 ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 29 beginning in 2015 .
Jimmy Demers is an American singer - songwriter , best known as `` the original voice '' of the `` Always Coca - Cola '' ad campaign .
Dermot Boyd is a Northern Irish - born television director .
Anthony Crolla ( born 16 November 1986 ) is a British professional boxer who has fought in the super featherweight and lightweight divisions .
Mimi Hines ( born July 17 , 1933 ) is a Canadian - born singer and comedian best known for her appearances on The Tonight Show and her work on Broadway .
Jean Derome ( born June 29 , 1955 ) is a French Canadian avant - garde saxophonist , flautist and composer .
Randolph Mantooth ( born Randy DeRoy Mantooth , September 19 , 1945 ) , is an American actor who has worked in television , documentaries , theater , and film for more than 40 years .
Laura Rossi is a British composer of film and concert works .
In 1894 , Soghomon was ordained hieromonk ( կուսակրոն աբեղա ) and given the name of the 7th - century poet and musician , Catholicos Komitas .
Ignatius Pell was a pirate who served as the boatswain to Captain Stede Bonnet aboard the Royal James , a ship previously named Revenge .
Douglas Henry ( born May 18 , 1926 ) is a Tennessee politician and former member of the Tennessee Senate representing the 21st district , which is composed of part of Davidson County .
Agostino Aglio ( December 15 , 1777 -- January 30 , 1857 ) was an Italian painter , decorator , and engraver .
Dr. Konrad Bates Krauskopf ( November 30 , 1910 - -May 4 , 2003 ) was an American geologist , a pioneer in geochemistry , noted for his work in radioactive waste disposal .
Prince Anton of Hohenzollern - Sigmaringen ( October 7 , 1841 -- August 6 , 1866 ) was a German royal and soldier .
Margaretta Angelica Peale ( born Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , October 1 , 1795 - died there , January 17 , 1882 ) was an American painter , one of the Peale family of artists .
Alex Reymundo is a Mexican - American comedian and actor , who was featured on the 2007 ALMA Awards .
Tiberio Fiorilli , also spelled Fiorillo and Fiurelli ( November 9 , 1608 -- December 7 , 1694 ) was an Italian actor of commedia dell'arte known for developing the role of Scaramouche .
Johannes Kepler ( German : ( ˈkɛplɐ ) ; December 27 , 1571 -- November 15 , 1630 ) was a German mathematician , astronomer , and astrologer .
Michelle Yim had been in a long - term relationship with former soccer player and fellow actor , Wan Chi - keung , who died on 16 February 2010 .
Victor Guzun ( born April 24 , 1975 in Drasliceni , Criuleni District , Moldova ) is a Moldovan teacher , politician and diplomat .
Francisco de Ceballos or Cevallos , Zavallos ( died c. 1571 ) was a Spanish Renaissance composer .
Nataliya Sumska has one sister , is married to a fellow actor with whom she a daughter and a son .
Jonathon Edington ( born October 29 , 1976 ) is a Fairfield , Connecticut , United States , patent lawyer who achieved national notoriety when , on August 28 , 2006 , he murdered his neighbor , Barry James , after being told that James had molested Edington 's two - year - old daughter .
Arthur Eugster ( April 5 , 1863 - January 7 , 1922 ) was a Swiss politician of Appenzell Ausserrhoden , President of the Swiss National Council for the year 1915/1916 .
Jiří Janák ( born August 1 , 1983 in Olomouc ) is a Czech auto racing driver .
William Byron Rumford ( February 2 , 1908 -- June 12 , 1986 ) was an American pharmacist and politician .
Alberto Blest Gana ( May 4 , 1830 -- November 9 , 1920 ) was a Chilean novelist and diplomat , considered the father of Chilean novel .
George Wood ( December 31 , 1919 -- July 24 , 2000 ) was an American film and television actor , usually billed as G. Wood .
Karl Gottfried Konstantin Dehio ( May 27 , 1851 , Reval -- February 26 , 1927 ) was a Baltic German internist and professor of pathology .
Allan Kaprow ( August 23 , 1927 -- April 5 , 2006 ) was an American painter , assemblagist and a pioneer in establishing the concepts of performance art . He helped to develop the `` Environment '' and `` Happening '' in the late 1950s and 1960s , as well as their theory .
Heather Koldewey is a marine biologist and environmentalist , a specialist on seahorses and their relatives .
Martin Preiss ( born September 18 , 1978 in Prague ) is a Czech cinematographer , writer and director .
Christie G. Enke is a United States academic chemist .
Gene Anderson ( October 4 , 1939 -- October 31 , 1991 ) , born Eugene Avon Anderson was an American professional wrestler best known for teaming with his ( kayfabe ) brother Ole Anderson .
Israel Scheffler ( November 25 , 1923 - February 16 , 2014 ) was an American philosopher of science and of education .
Sung Yu - hsieh ( Chinese : 宋餘俠 ; pinyin : Sòng Yúxiá ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Anita Magsaysay - Ho ( May 25 , 1914 - May 5 , 2012 ) was a Filipino painter .
Patrick Mower ( born 12 September 1938 ) , whose original name was Patrick Archibald Shaw , is an English actor well known for his various television and occasional film roles , often as a detective or secret agent and more recently as Rodney Blackstock in ITV soap opera Emmerdale , a role he has played since 2000 .
Rik Daniëls ( born October 24 , 1962 ) is a Belgian television director .
Judy Blume ( born Judith Sussman on February 12 , 1938 ) is an American writer .
Kev Orkian is a British - Armenian musician , comedian and actor born in London to Armenian parents .
Robert Ashley ( March 28 , 1930 -- March 3 , 2014 ) was an American composer , who was best known for his operas and other theatrical works , many of which incorporate electronics and extended techniques .
Jacques Dudon is a French just intonation composer and instrument builder .
Simon Chandler is a British film , television and theatre actor .
Connie Stevens ( born August 8 , 1938 ) is an American actress , director , screenwriter and singer , best known for her role in the television series Hawaiian Eye and other TV and film work .
Muga Lal Mahato ( Nepali : मुगालाल महतो ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Madhesi Janadhikar Forum .
Nicolae Coval ( Camenca , December 19 , 1904 -- Chişinău , January 15 , 1970 ) was a Moldavian SSR politician .
Edward Story ( or Storey ; died 1503 ) was an English priest , Bishop of Carlisle , 1468 - -1477 , and Bishop of Chichester , 1477 - -1503 .
Emil Wolf ( born July 30 , 1922 ) is a Czech born American physicist who made advancements in physical optics , including diffraction , coherence properties of optical fields , spectroscopy of partially coherent radiation , and the theory of direct scattering and inverse scattering .
Darryl Neighbour ( born July 21 , 1948 ) is a Canadian wheelchair curler .
Jules - François Crahay ( 1917 - -1988 ) was a Belgian - born French fashion designer who worked for the houses of Nina Ricci ( 1952 - -1963 ) and Lanvin as head designer ( 1963 - -1983 ) .
Wafah Dufour ( née bin Laden , born in Los Angeles , California ) is an American singer - songwriter , socialite , and model .
Tony Longo ( August 19 , 1961 -- June 21 , 2015 ) was an American actor who has appeared in many well - known television series such as Laverne & Shirley , Simon & Simon , Alice , Perfect Strangers , High Tide , Sydney , Las Vegas , Six Feet Under and Monk .
Satyajit Padhye is an Indian ventriloquist , puppeteer and puppet maker , and third generation ventriloquist .
Ōshikōchi no Mitsune ( 凡河内 躬恒 ) was an early Heian administrator and waka poet of the Japanese court ( 859 - -925 ) , and a member of the Thirty - six Poetry Immortals .
María Yáñez García ( stage name , Bella Dorita ; Cuevas de Almanzora , Province of Almería , February 23 , 1901 - Barcelona , June 27 , 2001 ) , was a Spanish cabaret singer , dancer , and vedette .
William Dale Swann ( January 21 , 1948 -- April 9 , 2009 ) was an American character actor known for his numerous roles in television , film and commercials .
Charles Thomas Oldham , also known by his other professional name Tom Oldham and personally as Chaz Oldham , is a British actor , voiceover artist , screenwriter and film producer .
Sofía Bassi ( July 28 , 1913 -- September 11 , 1998 ) was a Mexican painter and writer noted for her surrealist work as well as her personal life , which included five years in prison for murder .
Urban Rusnák is a Slovak diplomat and academic .
Theodor V. Ionescu ( February 8 , 1899 - November 7 , 1988 ) was a Romanian physicist and inventor who made remarkable discoveries in plasma physics , ionosphere physics , ion coupling electrons in dense plasmas , masers , magnetron amplifiers , and Zeeman effects related to controlled nuclear fusion and quantum emission mechanisms in hot plasmas .
Anand Babu ( Tamil : ஆனந்த் பாபு ) is an Indian film actor , who has appeared in several leading roles from 1983 to 1999 .
Jerome Chodorov ( August 10 , 1911 -- September 12 , 2004 ) was an American playwright and librettist .
Jeung Soon - bok ( born August 9 , 1960 ) is a South Korean team handball player and Olympic silver medalist .
Nicole Formescu ( Anderson ) is a Romanian - born British singer - songwriter and flautist .
Giuliano Figueras ( born January 24 , 1976 in Naples ) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer .
Ximena Huilipán Muñoz ( born September 19 , 1986 ) is a Chilean model and actress of Mapuche descent .
James David Vaughan ( December 14 , 1864 -- February 9 , 1941 ) was an American music teacher , composer , song book publisher , the founder of the Vaughan Conservatory of Music and the James D. Vaughan Publishing Company .
Peter Sabroe ( January 23 , 1867 -- July 26 , 1913 ) , was a Danish journalist , politician , and children 's rights advocate .
Diane Pershing , born and raised in Queens , New York , is an American romance novelist , television writer and voice actress .
Bernd Erich Gall ( born August 2 , 1956 ) is a German painter and conceptual artist .
Sam Fell ( born 1965/1966 ) is a British film director , screenwriter , voice actor and animator .
Bülent Ulusoy ( born January 7 , 1978 in Trabzon ) is a Turkish boxer best known to win the European title 2000 at welterweight .
Chrisette Michele Payne ( born December 8 , 1982 ) , known professionally as Chrisette Michele , is an American R&B and soul singer - songwriter .
Kent Pullen ( May 4 , 1942 -- April 14 , 2003 ) was a Washington state politician in the Republican party .
Quintus Mucius Scaevola Pontifex ( died 82 BC ) , the son of Publius Mucius Scaevola ( consul in 133 BC and also Pontifex Maximus ) was a politician of the Roman Republic and an important early authority on Roman law .
Costas Montis ( Greek : Κώστας Μόντης ; 1914 - -2004 ) was an influential and prolific Cypriot poet , novelist , and playwright .
Erwin Biegel ( March 25 , 1896 -- May 24 , 1954 ) was a German stage and film actor who appeared in over eighty feature films in a variety of supporting roles .
Jason Garfield ( born August 9 , 1974 ) is a juggler and entertainer from Norfolk , Connecticut .
Howie Smith ( born February 25 , 1943 ) , is a saxophonist , composer , jazz musician and educator Howie Smith was born in Pottsville , Pennsylvania in 1943 .
Alan Ruscoe is a British actor who is best known for his work as various aliens , monsters and androids in the Star Wars films and the television series Doctor Who .
Gianni Giansanti ( 1956 -- March 18 , 2009 ) was a long time photographer of Pope John Paul II .
Evelyn Fox Keller ( born March 20 , 1936 ) is an American physicist , author and feminist .
Diane Wittry is an American musical conductor , currently serving as the Music Director and Conductor of both the Allentown Symphony Orchestra in Pennsylvania ( since 1995 ) , and the Norwalk Symphony in Connecticut ( since 2002 ) .
Ashley Hicklin is a Multi - Platinum English singer , songwriter , and producer .
Thomas Finchum ( born December 1 , 1989 ) is an American platform diver .
Choi Soo - min ( also Choi Su - min , Korean : 최 수민 ; born April 12 , 1981 ) is a South Korean former swimmer , who specialized in backstroke events .
Sol Lesser ( February 17 , 1890 -- September 19 , 1980 ) was an American film producer and presenter .
Jaicko is a Bajan contemporary pop music singer / songwriter signed to Capitol Records .
Jordan Nagai is an American former child voice actor .
Alan Muraoka ( born August 10 , 1962 ) is an American actor and theatre director who plays Alan , the current owner of Hooper 's Store , on the television show Sesame Street .
Maria Cornejo is a fashion designer based in New York and known for her Zero + Maria Cornejo collection .
Reginald Case ( December 23 , 1937 - April 24 , 2009 ) was an American artist who made American Folk Art collages and Hollywood iconographic mixed - media assemblages and sculptures .
Annette Moreno ( born April 26 , 1972 ) is an American Christian music singer - songwriter who performs in the Spanish language .
Greg Marcks ( born August 12 , 1976 ) is an American director and screenwriter of motion pictures who lives in Silver Lake , Los Angeles , California .
Shannon Finn ( born January 25 , 1972 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the International Hockey League and American Hockey League .
Andrés Useche is an award - winning Colombian American writer , film director , graphic artist , singer - songwriter and activist .
James Edward Hanger ( February 25 , 1843 -- June 9 , 1919 ) was a Confederate States Army veteran of the American Civil War , a prosthetist and a businessman .
Toby Ross is an American film director who made gay pornographic films in the 1970s and 80s .
In 2004 , a five - mile ( 8 km ) stretch of Interstate 85 through Jackson 's hometown of Newnan was renamed the `` Alan Jackson Highway '' in the singer 's honor .
Major General Huntington Blair Downer , Jr. , known as Hunt Downer ( born April 28 , 1946 ) , is a Republican politician in the U.S. state of Louisiana who is the former assistant adjutant general of the state National Guard and the first ever director of the new Louisiana Veterans Affairs Department .
Ya'akov Margi ( Hebrew : יעקב מרגי‎ , born 18 November 1960 ) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Shas .
Robbie Gennet is a piano player , a songwriter , and an entertainer , amongst other things .
Sander S. Florman , M.D. , is an American transplant surgeon and Director of the Recanati / Miller Transplantation Institute at The The Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City .
Bob Shacochis ( born September 9 , 1951 ) is an acclaimed American novelist , short story writer , and literary journalist .
Hermogenes of Tarsus ( Greek : Ἑρμογένης ὁ Ταρσεύς ) was a Greek rhetorician , surnamed the polisher ( Ξυστήρ ) .
Qiu Xuejun is a Chinese diplomat and government officer .
Shoaib Mohammad ( Urdu : شعیب محمد‎ ) ( born January 8 , 1961 , Karachi , Sindh ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 45 Tests and 63 ODIs from 1983 to 1995 .
Bascom Lamar Lunsford ( March 21 , 1882 - September 4 , 1973 ) was a lawyer , folklorist , and performer of traditional ( folk and country ) music from western North Carolina .
Callicles ( /ˈkælɪkliːz/ ; Greek : Καλλικλῆς ; c. 484 -- late 5th century BCE ) was an ancient Athenian political philosopher best remembered for his role in Plato 's dialogue Gorgias , where he `` presents himself as a no - holds - barred , bare - knuckled , clear - headed advocate of Realpolitik . ''
Scott Schuman is an American blogger and fashion photographer who created `` The Sartorialist . ''
Ellen Steiber is an American novelist and author of books for young readers , including some based on single episodes of The X - Files and Full House series .
Stoyan Zagorchinov ( Стоян Загорчинов ; 1889 - -1969 ) was a Bulgarian writer .
James G. Neal is an American librarian , library administrator , and a prominent figure in American and international library associations .
Fintan Ryan is an Irish comedy screenwriter , best known for writing the BBC Two situation comedy Never Better .
Rekha Raj is an Indian Sufi singer .
Amnius Anicius Julianus ( Latin : Amnius Anicius Iulianus ; floruit 322 - -329 ) was a politician of the Roman Empire .
Xinyu Zhang ( born 5 March 1955 in Inner Mongolia Ordos ) is a computer software engineer .
Brian Vahaly ( born July 19 , 1979 ) is a former American professional tennis player and graduate of University of Virginia .
Robert C. Green ( born October 21 , 1954 ) is an American medical geneticist , physician , public health researcher and professor .
Sara Webb is an American professional ballet dancer and a principal dancer with the Houston Ballet ( 1997 - -present ) .
Dr. Lewis V. Baldwin is a historian , author , and professor specializing in the history of the black churches in the United States .
Barton Lidice Beneš ( November 16 , 1942 - Hackensack , New Jersey -- May 30 , 2012 - New York ) was an artist who lived and worked in New York City .
Geraldo Azevedo ( born January 11 , 1945 ) is a Brazilian singer and guitarist .
Andre Anderson ( born 1890 in Chicago , Illinois -- April 1 , 1926 ) was an American boxer from 1915 until his death in 1926 .
Eduard Toll graduated from the University of Dorpat ( Tartu ) as a zoologist in 1882 .
Bob Hiltermann is a German - born deaf actor and drummer for Beethoven 's Nightmare .
Wesley Clair Mitchell ( August 5 , 1874 -- October 29 , 1948 ) was an American economist known for his empirical work on business cycles and for guiding the National Bureau of Economic Research in its first decades .
Todd Anthony Shaw ( born April 28 , 1966 ) , better known by the stage name Too Short ( stylized as Too $ hort ) , is an American rapper , producer , and actor .
James Koskiniemi ( born February 16 , 1977 ) is an American chef who is the recipient of the San Francisco Chefs Association 2010 Chef of the Year .
Adolf Philipp , also seen as Adolph Philipp ( January 29 , 1864 -- July 30 , 1936 ) , was a successful Broadway composer , writer , lyricist , director , and performer , who also wrote under the pseudonyms Jean Briquet and Paul Hervé .
Adam Christian Thebesius ( January 12 , 1686 -- November 10 , 1732 ) was a German anatomist who was a native of Sandenwalde , Silesia .
Omar Akram is a Grammy Award - winning recording artist , composer and pianist .
Eugen Carpov ( born April 22 , 1966 , Ungheni ) is a diplomat and politician from Moldova .
Sara Studebaker ( born October 7 , 1984 ) is a retired biathlete from the United States who competed on the World Cup circuit from 2009 to 2014 .
Charles Haros was a geometer ( mathematician ) in the French Bureau du Cadastre at the end of the eighteenth century and the beginning of the nineteenth century .
Frank Lisciandro is an American photographer , film maker , writer and musical journalist with works in photojournalism , reportage , documentary and street photography .
Brian Lane Green ( born March 9 , 1962 ) is an American stage and television actor and singer .
Sophy Ridge ( born 1983 ) is an English broadcast journalist who is the Sky News Senior Political Correspondent .
Lumidee Cedeño ( born October 13 , 1984 ) is an American singer - songwriter and rapper .
Abbo Ostrowsky ( October 23 , 1889 Elizavetgrad , Russia - June 19 , 1975 ) was a Russian - American art teacher , and etcher .
Helena Blach Lavrsen ( born June 7 , 1963 ) is a Danish curler , several times skip for the Danish team , Olympic medalist and European champion .
Kathy Thibodeaux is an American ballet dancer who , in 1986 , became co - founder and Artistic Director of Ballet Magnificat!.
I. Dragoslav or Ion Dragoslav , pen names of Ion V. Ivaciuc or Ion Sumanariu Ivanciuc ( June 14 , 1875 -- May 5 , 1928 ) , was a Romanian writer .
Jack Starr is a heavy metal and blues guitarist and songwriter born of a French mother and American father .
Heather Klimchuk ( born August 10 , 1958 ) is a Canadian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Edmonton - Glenora as a Progressive Conservative , from 2008 to 2015 .
Phil Mitman is an American politician and former Mayor of Easton , Pennsylvania .
David Buttolph ( born James David Buttolph Jr. , August 3 , 1902 -- January 1 , 1983 ) was a film composer who scored over 300 movies in his career .
Rubens Ricupero ( born March 1 , 1937 ) is a Brazilian academic , economist , bureaucrat and diplomat .
Đorđe Prudnikov ( Ђорђе Прудников , Djordje Prudnikoff ) ( born 1939 ) is a Russo - Serbian painter , graphic artist , and designer .
Sarah L. Buras ( born September 16 , 1976 ) professionally known as Sera Buras and Serabee , is an American singer - songwriter .
Phạm Lực ( Huế , 1943 ) , is a Vietnamese painter .
Claude Michel ( December 20 , 1738 -- March 29 , 1814 ) , known as Clodion , was a French sculptor in the Rococo style , especially noted for his works in terracotta .
Toni Kirén ( born June 18 , 1984 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who played with Kärpät in the SM - liiga during the 2010 - -11 season .
Shigeki Osawa ( born May 2 , 1986 ) is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist who competes in the featherweight division .
John Schwartzman , A.S.C. ( born October 18 , 1960 ) is an American cinematographer , best known for his work on Jurassic World , The Amazing Spider - Man , The Rock and Seabiscuit , for which he received an Oscar nomination for Best Cinematography .
Joseph Badal ( born November 17 , 1944 ) is an American suspense thriller ( genre ) novelist and notable financier .
Barry O'Grady is a Gaelic footballer and hurler who plays with Ballyduff and Kerry .
Greg Jolivette is a politician in the U.S. state of Ohio : a previous Butler County Commissioner , he has served in the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the Hamilton , Ohio area .
Pracha Prasobdee ( Thai : ประชา ประสพดี ) is a Thai politician .
Fred Fish ( November 4 , 1952 -- April 20 , 2007 ) was a computer programmer notable for work on the GNU Debugger and his series of Fish disks of freeware for the Amiga .
Datin Linda Tsen Thau Lin ( Chinese : 曾道玲 ; pinyin : Zēng Dào Líng ) is a Malaysian politician .
Klaus - Peter Lesch is a clinical psychiatrist who has been investigating the neurobiological foundation of personality traits .
Ronny Meixner ( born February 27 , 1964 ) is a German racing driver and the founder of VICI Racing .
Shai Reshef born September 11 , 1955 ) is an educational entrepreneur , founder and president of University of the People , a non - profit academic institution offering accredited , low - cost higher education degrees online .
Gary Clail is an English singer and record producer and is the founder of the Gary Clail Sound System .
Suneil Anand is a film actor and director .
The Swing Painter was an Attic black - figure vase painter , active in the third quarter of the sixth century BC . His real name is unknown .
John Anthony Kaiser ( November 29 , 1932 - August 23 , 2000 ) was a Roman Catholic priest who was murdered in Morendat , Kenya by unknown assailants .
Ernesto Sabato ( June 24 , 1911 -- April 30 , 2011 ) was an Argentine writer , painter and physicist .
Muhammad Rasul Jan is a Pakistani chemist in the field of Analytical Chemistry .
Elsa Bornemann ( February 20 , 1952 - May 24 , 2013 ) was an Argentine children 's writer who was a doctor of the Arts , polyglot and composer .
Edmund Rosales is a Filipino astronomer and meteorologist and a former president of the Philippine Astronomical Society and Cofounder of The Astronomical League of the Philippines .
Cagnaccio di San Pietro ( January 14 , 1897 -- May 29 , 1946 ) , born Natale Bentivoglio Scarpa , was an Italian magic realist painter .
Ken Kifer ( October 23 , 1945 -- September 14 , 2003 ) was an American writer , bicyclist and webmaster .
Yadu Vijayakrishnan(born January 24 , 1993 ) is an Indian cinematographer , film director and writer .
Andrea Stella ( fl . 1620s ) was an Italian priest and composer .
George C. Howard ( 1818 - -1887 ) was a Nova Scotian - born American actor and showman who is credited with staging the first theatrical production of Harriet Beecher Stowe 's Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
Nathan Keonaona Chai is an American novelist known for having written Fire Creek ( 2005 ) , which was turned into the film Fire Creek , for which he also wrote the screenplay .
Silas Weir Mitchell ( February 15 , 1829 -- January 4 , 1914 ) was an American physician and writer known for his discovery of causalgia ( complex regional pain syndrome ) and erythromelalgia .
Henry Charles Bryant ( 1835 - -1915 ) was an English portrait and landscapes painter known for his farmyard and market scenes which were noted for their great attention to detail .
Chris Cain ( born November 19 , 1955 , San Jose , California , United States ) is an American blues and jazz guitarist with an international following .
Avalon - Chanel Weyzig ( born April 2 , 1990 ) is a model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Nederland 2009 and represented her country in the 2009 Miss Universe and Miss World pageants .
Shamsher M. Chowdhury , BB is a Bangladeshi diplomat and served as the Foreign Secretary of MInistry of Foreign Affairs from October 2001 to March 2005 .
Janick Gers began his career as the lead guitarist of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal band White Spirit , before joining Gillan , a group formed by then - former Deep Purple vocalist Ian Gillan .
Jack Tempchin is an American musician and singer - songwriter , best known for writing the Eagles classic `` Peaceful Easy Feeling '' and co - writing their hits `` Already Gone '' , `` The Girl From Yesterday '' , `` Somebody '' , and `` It 's Your World Now '' .
Cora Taylor Casselman ( October 18 , 1888 -- September 6 , 1964 ) was a Canadian federal politician .
Sonny Boy Jaro ( born March 24 , 1982 ) is a Filipino professional boxer and is a former Ring Magazine and WBC unified Flyweight World Champion .
Royston Lightning is an Australian rugby league player who was a former winger for the Canberra Raiders from 1996 to 1998 .
Kemal Karpat is a Turkish historian and former professor at the University of Wisconsin--
Paulina Nin de Cardona Muñoz ( born August 2 , 1960 ) is a Chilean primary school teacher and television presenter .
Harry B. Mulliken was an early twentieth - century American architect and developer who built many of his works in New York City , NY .
Nicholas Field was a British actor of the 1970s and early 1980s .
Carl Weintraub ( born March 27 , 1946 ) is an American actor who appeared on numerous television shows from the 1970s to the 2000s in addition to several movies .
Jake Burbage , ( born in Willingboro , New Jersey on September 27 , 1992 ) is an American actor who is best known for his role on Grounded for Life as Henry Finnerty .
Marcus de Bye sometimes spelt de Bie or de Bije ( 1638/39 , The Hague - after 1688 ) was a Dutch painter and engraver .
Dr. Abdi Mohamed Ulusso ( born July 1 , 1958 , Mogadishu ) is a Somali politician who ran for the Somali presidency in 2003 .
Ralph Kirkpatrick ( /kɜːrkˈpætrɪk/ ; June 10 , 1911 -- April 13 , 1984 ) was an American musician , musicologist and harpsichordist .
Theodore Levin ( February 18 , 1897 -- December 31 , 1970 ) was a prominent immigration lawyer and United States federal judge who served on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan from 1946 until his death in 1970 .
Christopher Cundy is a critically acclaimed British free jazz musician , both solo and with The Guillemots .
Bryan Webb ( born 1977 ) , sometimes credited as Bry Webb , is a Canadian singer and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist for the indie rock band Constantines .
Giday WoldeGabriel is an Ethiopian geologist at Los Alamos National Laboratory , who co - discovered human skeletal remains at Herto Bouri , Ethiopia that revealed a transition into modern humans ( Homo sapiens sapiens ) .
Angel Grant ( born November 24 , ? ? ) is an R&B singer who is considered an R&B one hit wonder in the United states .
Thomas Marvin Hatley ( April 3 , 1905 -- August 23 , 1986 ) , professionally known simply as Marvin Hatley , was an American film composer and musical director , best known for his work for the Hal Roach studio from 1929 until 1940 .
Graham Spry , CC ( February 20 , 1900 - November 24 , 1983 ) was a Canadian broadcasting pioneer , business executive , diplomat and socialist .
João Carreira is a Portuguese engineer , academic , technology entrepreneur and business leader who has co - founded Critical Software in Portugal and has grown it into a global group of technology companies .
Luísa Hanae Matsushita ( born February 25 , 1984 ) , known by her stage name Lovefoxxx , is the lead singer of the Brazilian indie band Cansei de Ser Sexy ( CSS ) .
Rose Byrne was in a relationship with Australian writer , director and actor Brendan Cowell for over six years .
Bonginkosi Madikizela is South African politician .
Thomas Sydney Smith was an Indian lawyer who served as the Advocate General of Madras Presidency ( now known as Tamil Nadu , India ) from 1861 to 1863 .
Clifford Ross ( born October 15 , 1952 ) is an American artist who has worked in multiple media , including sculpture , painting , photography and video .
Jan Fantl ( born June 11 , 1954 in Prague ) is a German film producer
Bart Preneel ( born October 15 , 1963 ) is a Flemish cryptographer and cryptanalyst .
Carlton C. Qualey ( December 17 , 1904 -- March 25 , 1988 ) was an American professor , author and historian .
Chitra Bahadur Gurung ( Nepali : चित्रबहादुर गुरुङ ) ( May 21 , 1970 -- November 22 , 2010 ) was a Nepalese former swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Ivan Mackerle ( March 1942 -- January 3 , 2013 ) was a Czech cryptozoologist , author , design engineer , and explorer .
Rambod Javan ( Persian : رامبد جوان‎‎ , was born on 21 December , 1971 in Tehran of Azeris parents ) is an Iranian theater and cinema actor .
Deepak Bahry is a Bollywood film director and producer active since the mid-1970s .
Laurinda Hope Spear , FAIA , ASLA , LEED AP ( born 1950 ) is an American architect and landscape architect based in Miami , Florida .
Nicholas Senn ( October 31 , 1844 -- January 2 , 1908 ) was an American surgeon , instructor , and founder of the Association of Military Surgeons of the United States .
Musaeus of Athens ( Greek : Μουσαῖος , Mousaios ) was a legendary polymath , philosopher , historian , prophet , seer , priest , poet , and musician , said to have been the founder of priestly poetry in Attica .
Paul Balthazar Getty ( /bælˈθeɪzər ˈɡɛti/ ; born January 22 , 1975 ) is an American actor , member of the band Ringside , the producer - half of rap duo The Wow , and a member of the Getty family .
Peggi Blu ( Blue ) ( born May 26 ) is an American actress , singer and vocal coach .
Josh Bootsma ( born 22 February 1993 ) is an Australian rules footballer currently listed with Peel Thunder in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Carl A. Trocki is an Australian historian , an expert in Southeast Asia and China .
Sylvia Mason - James ( born December 8 , 1958 ) is a British singer who has worked extensively as a backing vocalist and solo artist .
Gabriele Capellini was an Italian painter of the Renaissance .
Jill Heinerth is a Canadian cave diver , underwater explorer , writer , photographer and film - maker .
Elisabetta Benato - Beltrami ( 1813 - 1888 ) was a 19th - century Italian painter and sculptor .
Franklin Barlow Sexton ( April 29 , 1828 -- May 15 , 1900 ) was a politician from Texas who served in the Confederate Congress during the American Civil War .
Corey Small ( born March 23 , 1987 in St. Catharines , Ontario ) is a Canadian lacrosse player who plays for the Vancouver Stealth of the National Lacrosse League and formerly the Hamilton Nationals in Major League Lacrosse .
Carole Shammas ( born October 21 , 1943 ) is an American historian , academic and author .
Yuri Rasovsky ( July 29 , 1944 -- January 18 , 2012 ) was an award - winning writer and producer working in the field of radio drama in the United States .
Wiesław Rosocha ( Born 1945 in Sokołów Podlaski , Poland ) is a Polish illustrator and graphic designer .
Selman Akbulut ( born 1949 ) is a Turkish mathematician and a Professor at Michigan State University .
Timothy Montler is an American academic and linguist .
John Carrafa is an American theater and film director / choreographer best known as the two - time Tony Award nominated choreographer of the Broadway musicals Urinetown and Into The Woods and the Media Choreography Honors Award winner for the Robert Zemeckis film The Polar Express .
Domingos Leite Pereira ( Portuguese : ( duˈmĩɡuʃ ˈlɐjt(ɨ ) pɨˈɾɐjɾɐ ) ; 1882 - -1956 ) was a Portuguese politician of the Portuguese First Republic .
Tamara Lindeman ( born November 2 , 1984 ) , also known by the name Tamara Hope , is a Canadian actress and musician .
Florence Ryerson ( September 20 , 1892 -- June 8 , 1965 ) was a playwright , screenwriter , and co - author of the script for the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz .
Thewarathantrige Lalithamana Fernando ( born December 27 , 1962 ) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played in one ODI in 1989 .
Eddie Castrodad is an American film , television and stage actor best known for such films and television series as Torch Song Trilogy , The Cosby Show , Flanagan , Sesame Street and Dads .
Phoebe Carrai ( born in Boston on October 15 , 1955 ) is an American cellist .
Herbert Huntington ( July 27 , 1799 -- September 13 , 1851 ) was a farmer , merchant and politician in Nova Scotia .
Count Luka Sorkočević , ( Italian : Luca Sorgo ; January 13 , 1734 -- September 11 , 1789 ) was a Croatian composer from the Republic of Ragusa .
Adam Gardiner is a New Zealand actor / voice actor most notable for his roles in Power Rangers .
Jacky Dreksler ( born Jacob Joseph Dreksler ; March 1 , 1946 ) is a German television producer , writer , songwriter and publisher .
William R. Robinson ( Born November 30 , 1958 ) is an American journalist and businessman .
Ruben John Efford , PC ( born January 6 , 1944 in Port de Grave , Newfoundland and Labrador ) is a former Canadian politician .
Alan Whiting is a British screenwriter who has written for Heartbeat , Wire in the Blood , Steel River Blues and Kingdom ( which he also co - created ) .
Robert Fischell ( born 1929 ) is a physicist , inventor , and holder of more than 200 U.S. and foreign medical patents .
Anna - Liisa Hirviluoto ( February 16 , 1929 Helsinki - April 23 , 2000 ) was a Finnish archaeologist .
Otar Chiladze who became a Georgian classic author during his lifetime was awarded some Highest State Prizes of Georgia and in 1998 was nominated for the Nobel Prize along with five other writers .
Marcus Sieger ( October 7 , 1975 ) is a German wheelchair curler .
Yvan Lambatan is a singer from Baguio City and former scholar of Pinoy Dream Academy .
Brian Knighton ( April 21 , 1971 -- February 4 , 2016 ) , better known by the ring name Axl Rotten , was an American professional wrestler .
Maeve Berry is an Irish freelance photographer who works as both a commercial and fine art photographer and was represented in London by Diemar / Noble Photography .
Ann Wild OBE is retired a British wheelchair basketball player .
Gilles Bousquet , better known by his stage name Mr. Flash , is a French record producer and DJ signed to Ed Banger Records .
Albert Bauer ( born June 6 , 1928 ) is a former politician in the American state of Washington .
Peter von Gunten ( born 1941 ) is a Swiss film director , cinematographer and screenwriter .
Steve Strongman is an award - winning Canadian blues guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński ( born July 29 , 1951 ) is a Polish - American applied mathematician , noted for his contributions to mathematical optimization , in particular , stochastic programming and risk - averse optimization .
Henry Sun ( Chinese : 孫以瀚 ; pinyin : Sūn Yǐhàn ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
María del Mar Saura ( born October 16 , 1975 ) , commonly known as Mar Saura , is a Spanish Actress , model and TV presenter .
Arthur Eichengrün ( August 13 , 1867 -- December 23 , 1949 ) was a German Jewish chemist , materialists scientist , and inventor , best known through a controversy about who invented aspirin .
Wu Mochou , also known by her English name Momo Wu ( born April 18 , 1992 ) is a Chinese singer .
Walé Adeyemi MBE is a British - Nigerian fashion designer .
Richard Thomas Lowe ( 1802 - -1874 ) was a British scientist , a botanist , ichthyologist , malacologist , and a clergyman .
Aníbal Ibarra ( born March 1 , 1958 ) is an Argentine lawyer and politician who served as mayor of Buenos Aires from 2000 to 2006 .
Scott Fredericks is an Irish actor best known for his roles on British television .
Sarma Sedleniece is also a very good correspondence chess player and won the first Latvian correspondence chess championship for women in 1969 - -1970 .
Stuart Robson ( March 4 , 1836 -- April 29 , 1903 ) was a famous comedic stage actor .
Billy Dee Smith ( born June 30 , 1982 in St. Catharines , Ontario ) is a professional lacrosse player who plays for the Buffalo Bandits of the National Lacrosse League and formerly of the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse .
Joseph Nāwahī ( January 13 , 1842 - September 14 , 1896 ) also known as Joseph Kahoʻoluhi Nāwahī and as Joseph Kahoʻoluhi Nāwahīokalaniʻōpuʻu was a native Hawaiian legislator , lawyer , newspaper publisher , and painter .
Rob Sheridan ( born October 11 , 1979 ) is an American graphic designer , director , and photographer best known for his extensive work with the band Nine Inch Nails .
Anne Karoline Frogner ( born February 3 , 1961 ) is a Norwegian filmmaker , photographer , writer and lecturer .
Jack Huczek ( born January 13 , 1983 ) is a retired American professional racquetball player .
Ashley Gunstock is a British actor , political activist , schoolteacher and FA Coach .
Scott Thompson ( born February 25 , 1965 ) , known by the stage name Carrot Top , is an American stand - up comedian , actor , director , producer , writer , and singer , best known for his bright red hair , prop comedy , and self - deprecating humor .
Ippolita Rostagno ( born December 10 , 1963 ) is a New York City based fashion fine jewelry designer .
Lori Elberg , sometimes credited as Lori Grossman , ( b. May 9 , 1975 ) is an American film director / editor and writer .
Sam Earle is a Canadian actor , best known for his role as K.C. Guthrie , an ensemble character on Degrassi :
Meir Banai ( Hebrew : מֵאִיר בַּנַאי ; born July 5 , 1961 ) is a well known and respected Israeli musician , singer , and songwriter , who has been called a `` veteran star '' and `` one of the perennial big guns of Israeli music '' .
Dave Malloy ( born January 4 , 1976 ) is an American composer , primarily known for his award winning electropop opera , Natasha , Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812 .
Paulo Bernardo Silva ( São Paulo , March 10 , 1952 ) is a Brazilian politician who is a member of the Partido dos Trabalhadores ( PT ) .
Kapllan Murat ( born Italy , May 25 , 1962 ) is a Belgian criminal of Albanian descent .
Dumitru Zastoico ( born April 27 , 1979 ) is a Moldovan former swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .
Daniel Sousa is an American short film director .
Douglas Urbanski ( born February 17 , 1957 ) is an American film producer , theater impresario , raconteur , and occasional film actor and talk show host .
Herman Ehrlich ( 1836 -- 1895 ) was a Croatian architect and businessman .
Justin Craig is a production designer , set decorator , art director and actor .
Mustapha Karkouti is a Syrian - born freelance journalist and media consultant , residing in London since the early 1970s .
Per Lindstrand ( born September 8 , 1948 ) is a Swedish aeronautical engineer , pilot , adventurer and entrepreneur .
Otis Grant ( born December 23 , 1967 ) is a Canadian retired boxer .
Justin Grant ( born April 20 , 1972 in Salt Lake City , UT ) is an American photographer who specializes in commercial , glamour , fashion , lifestyle , fitness and nude photography .
Dayna Devon ( born March 20 , 1970 ) is an American journalist , was the co - anchor , with Mark McGrath , of the television show Extra before Mario Lopez took over in 2008 .
Carlos Evaristo is a Portuguese Canadian historian and author .
Parmenio Adams ( September 9 , 1776 -- February 19 , 1832 ) was a businessman and politician from New York .
Luis Eduardo Luna , anthropologist and noted ayahuasca researcher .
Ben Laurie is a software engineer , protocol designer and cryptographer .
Shoba Purushothaman is a Malaysian - born entrepreneur who has co - founded three companies .
William Lloyd Garrison ( December 12 , 1805 -- May 24 , 1879 ) was a prominent American abolitionist , journalist , suffragist , and social reformer .
George Beban ( December 13 , 1873 -- October 5 , 1928 ) was an American actor , director , writer and producer .
Valerio Profondavalle , or Valerio Diependale , ( born 1533 -circa 1600 ) was a Flemish historical painter of the Renaissance period , born in Leuven , but active in Italy .
Charlotte Grimshaw is a New Zealand novelist who lives in Auckland .
Thom Ross is an artist based in Santa Fe , NM , known for painting , book illustrations , and installation art featuring life - sized cutout figures depicting famous people and historical events .
Emma Burstall is an English author and journalist .
Neill Calabro ( born September 24 , 1960 ) is an American writer , film director , actor , and musician .
Amos Tom Wargo ( born September 16 , 1942 ) is an American professional golfer , best known for winning the 1993 PGA Seniors ' Championship -- one of the major championships on the men 's Senior PGA Tour .
Paves or Pavese was a Lombard troubadour of the first half of the 13th century , only a single cobla of whose work survives .
Jean - François Chevrier is an art historian , art critic and exhibition curator .
Mushond Lee ( born December 16 , 1970 ) is an American actor recognized from his recurring role as Jo - Jo Muhammad in NBC 's soap opera Sunset Beach .
Joseph Trumbull Stickney ( June 20 , 1874 -- October 11 , 1904 ) was an American classical scholar and poet .
James Buster Clarkson ( March 13 , 1915 -- January 18 , 1989 ) , better known as Buster or Bus Clarkson , was a baseball player who played briefly in the major leagues and had a long career in the Negro leagues , the minor leagues , and the Puerto Rican Professional Baseball League .
Debbie Nathan ( born 1950 ) is an American feminist journalist and writer , with a focus on cultural and criminal justice issues concerning abuse of children , particularly accusations of satanic ritual abuse in schools and childcare institutions .
Letha Weapons ( born July 5 , 1972 ) is an adult model and former porn actress who appeared in many adult films in the big - bust category .
Joseph A. Bracken , S.J. is an American philosopher and Catholic theologian .
Daniel Alcaíno Cuevas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( daˈnjel alkaˈino ˈkwe.βas ) , born April 6 , 1972 ) is a Chilean actor and comedian .
Kôzô Nakamura / Kouzou Nakamura ( not to be confused with the other Konami composer Keizo Nakamura ) is a video game composer , who created music for most of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles games between 1989 - 1994 .
Rafique Alam ( 1929 - -2011 ) , popularly known as Alam Saheb , was an Indian politician who had been active in politics for six decades .
His son , also named Peter Paillou ( 1757 - -1831 ) , was a painter of portraits including miniatures .
Brandon Wardell ( born March 25 , 1975 in High Point , North Carolina ) is an American actor , producer , musician .
Nixon Kiprotich Korir is a Kenyan politician , and the Secretary Youth Affairs under the executive office of the President .
Andrew J. McDonald ( born March 11 , 1966 ) is an American judge and former politician from Connecticut .
Major - General Thomas Hardwicke ( 1756 -- 3 March 1835 ) was an English soldier and naturalist who was resident in India from 1777 to 1823 .
Stefan Valdobrev ( Bulgarian : Стефан Вълдобрев ) ( born May 20 , 1970 ) is a Bulgarian actor , film / theatre composer , singer - songwriter and filmmaker .
Galal al - Morra is an Egyptian Islamist politician , secretary - general of the Salafi Al - Nour Party .
Flavius Avitus Marinianus ( fl . 423 - -448 ) was a politician of the Western Roman Empire during the reign of Honorius .
Franzobel is the pseudonym of the Austrian writer Stefan Griebl .
Robert McGill Loughridge ( December 24 , 1809 -- July 8 , 1900 ) was an American Presbyterian missionary who served among the Creek Indians in Indian Territory .
Ruslan Naurzaliev ( Uzbek : Руслан Наурзалиев ; born December 21 , 1984 in Shirin ) is an Uzbekistani rower .
Asad Afridi ( Urdu : اسد آفریدی‎ ) , was a Pakistani cricketer who played for Sukkur .
Thomas Bragg ( November 9 , 1810 -- January 21 , 1872 ) was a politician and lawyer who served as the 34th Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1855 through 1859 .
Brooks Hansen is an American novelist , screenwriter , and illustrator best known for his 1995 book The Chess Garden .
Giorgi Tskitishvili ( born in Tbilisi , Georgia on June 6 , 1988 ) is a Dutch rugby union player for French club Lille Metropole Rugby in the Fédérale 1 ( French 3rd Division ) competition .
Douglas D. Scott is an American archaeologist most notable for his work at the Little Bighorn in the mid-1980s .
Ira Silverberg is an influential literary agent and editor in the New York publishing business .
Teodor Narbutt ( 8 November 1784 in the village of Szawry near Hrodna -- 27 November 1864 in Vilna ) was a Polonophone writer of Lithuanian descent , Romantic historian and military engineer in service of Russian Empire .
William Henry Willimon ( born May 15 , 1946 ) is an American theologian and bishop in the United Methodist Church , who served the North Alabama Conference .
Hesiod ( /ˈhiːsiəd/ or /ˈhɛsiəd/ ; Greek : Ἡσίοδος Hēsíodos ) was a Greek poet generally thought by scholars to have been active between 750 and 650 BC , around the same time as Homer .
Jones Very ( August 28 , 1813 -- May 8 , 1880 ) was an American poet , essayist , clergyman , and mystic associated with the American Transcendentalism movement .
Eric Cheng ( born 1975 ) is a Taiwanese American entrepreneur and professional photographer specializing in aerial and underwater photography .
Billy Hahn ( born June 22 , 1953 ) is an American basketball coach who is currently an assistant coach for the West Virginia Mountaineers under head coach Bob Huggins .
Jesse D. Goins is an American film and television character actor .
Stephen A. Miles is an author and consultant to CEOs and corporate boards of directors .
Masanari Nihei ( 二瓶正也 Nihei Masanari ) is a Japanese actor .
Blake Neely ( born April 28 , 1969 ) is an American composer , arranger , orchestrator , conductor , and author .
Emasi Qovu is a former Fijian politician , served in the House of Representatives from 2001 to 2006 .
China Anne McClain ( born August 25 , 1998 ) is an American singer - songwriter , actress , and dancer .
James J. Dwyer is an American politician who represents the 30th Middlesex District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives .
Country singer Travis Tritt , in the song `` Put Some Drive in Your Country '' on his debut album , sings `` Now I still love old country / I ai n't tryin ' to put it down / But damn I miss Duane Allman / I wish he was still around . ''
Chloe Nørgaard is an American model , DJ and socialite .
Matthew Vassar ( April 29 , 1792 -- June 23 , 1868 ) was an English - born American brewer , merchant and philanthropist .
Jeannine Haffner is a singer and songwriter who is credited with writing the song Yes We Can , which is a folk rock song inspired by Barack Obama 's speech following his win in the North Carolina primary on May 6 , 2008 .
Laurette Luez ( born Loretta Mary Luiz ; August 19 , 1928 -- September 12 , 1999 ) was a supporting actress and successful commercial model who appeared in films and on television during a 20-year career .
Peter Fatomilola ( born January 16 , 1946 ) is a Nigerian dramatist , film actor , poet and prolific playwright .
Anne Legault ( born July 7 , 1958 ) is a Quebec actor , writer and educator .
Aaron Zigman ( born January 6 , 1963 ) is an American composer , producer , arranger , songwriter , and musician for several recent films .
Nikos Ganos ( Greek : Νίκος Γκάνος ; born 22 July 1983 ) , also known as Nicko , is a Greek singer and model .
Pavol Hell is a Canadian mathematician and computer scientist , born in Czechoslovakia .
Daniel Guilet ( January 10 , 1899 -- October 14 , 1990 ) was a French , and later , American , classical violinist , best known for being the founder of the Beaux Arts Trio .
Beginning in 1950 , Good & Plenty candy began an advertising campaign featuring a cartoon character named `` Choo - Choo Charlie , '' a child railroad engineer who appeared in ads featuring a jingle based on `` The Ballad of Casey Jones '' .
Thomas Carroll `` Tom '' Neal , Jr. ( January 28 , 1914 -- August 7 , 1972 ) , known professionally as Tom Neal , was an American actor and boxer best known for appearing in the critically lauded film Detour and Club Havana , having a tryst with Barbara Payton and later committing manslaughter .
Oswald von Nell - Breuning SJ ( March 8 , 1890 -- August 21 , 1991 ) was a Roman Catholic theologian and sociologist .
Ojetta Rogeriee Thompson ( born August 8 , 1951 ) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit and a former Rhode Island Superior Court justice .
Thomas Franklin Brigance ( February 4 , 1913 -- October 14 , 1990 ) , professionally known as Tom Brigance , was a Texan - born New York - based fashion designer noted for his work in sportswear in the 1930s , 1940s and 1950s .
Roy Horan III ( born January 1 , 1950 ) , is an American actor and martial artist .
Vrangsinn ( Birthname Daniel Salte ) is a Norwegian musician , best known as the bassist of Carpathian Forest ( 1999 - -present ) .
Jonathan Budine is an American film director , producer , designer and editor .
Huang Xiaohui born on 1 July 1997 is a Chinese diver .
Rob Moroso ( September 26 , 1968 - September 30 , 1990 ) was a NASCAR racing driver who was champion of the NASCAR Busch Series ( now Xfinity Series ) in 1989 , and was posthumously awarded the 1990 NASCAR Winston Cup ( now Sprint Cup Series ) Rookie of the Year award .
Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy , also known and credited as S. D. Saba , and Saba Kailash , is an Indian film director , mainly working in the Tamil film industry .
Steve Duquette is an American cartoonist who has worked on several advertising campaigns .
Lily Frost , born Lindsey Frost Davis , is a Canadian independent singer - songwriter from Toronto , Ontario .
Jacques Deschamps ( born 1697 , Caux ; died 1759 , Dangu , Eure ) was a French 18th - century academic , theologian and priest .
Dean Parata is an Australian Italian rugby league player who represented Italy in the 2013 World Cup .
John F. Martin , Jr. was an American diplomat who served as Ambassador to Costa Rica from 1920 - 1921 .
Daniel Senet ( born June 26 , 1953 ) is a French weightlifter and Olympic medalist .
Zhou Lei ( Chinese : 周雷 ) is a former world level badminton player from China who later coached in the United States .
Tamasin Ramsay ( born 1967 ? ) is an Australian actress and anthropologist , having received her PhD from Monash University in 2009 .
Mark Warkentin ( born November 14 , 1979 ) is an American open water swimmer and swimming coach .
George Nagy ( born July 9 , 1957 ) is a Canadian former competition swimmer who specialized in the butterfly events during the 1970s and early 1980s .
Jeff Sarau is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Victorian Football League and West Torrens Football Club in the South Australian National Football League as a ruckman .
Ryan Gambin ( born May 23 , 1985 ) is an Australian swimmer of Maltese origin , who specialized in the butterfly events .
Ernest Laszlo , A.S.C. ( April 23 , 1898 -- January 6 , 1984 ) was a Hungarian - American cinematographer for over 60 films , and was known for his frequent collaborations with directors Robert Aldrich and Stanley Kramer .
Tiv Ol was a Cambodian teacher and communist politician .
Tamal Bandyopadhyay is an Indian business journalist , known for his weekly column on banking and finance Banker 's Trust published in Mint , an Indian business daily brought out by HT Media Ltd in content sharing agreement with The Wall Street Journal of US .
Roger Bowen ( May 25 , 1932 -- February 16 , 1996 ) was an American comedic actor and novelist , known for his portrayal of Lt . Col . Henry Blake in the 1970 film M*A*S*H. He often portrayed stuffy defenders of the upper class and had regular roles on a number of television series .
Robert Wolfe ( March 2 , 1921 -- December 10 , 2014 ) was a World War II U.S. Army officer , historian , and retired senior archivist of the US National Archives .
Eddy Howard was born in Woodland , California , and after attending San Jose State College from 1931 to 1933 , studied medicine at Stanford University before dropping out to become a singer of romantic ballads on Los Angeles radio .
Zoran Jolevski ( ) ( born July 16 , 1959 ) is a Macedonian diplomat and the current Minister of Defense of the Republic of Macedonia .
Hugh Alexander Crawford , also referred to as H. Alexander Crawford , or H. Alex Crawford , ( March 29 , 1873 -- February 2 , 1951 ) was a Michigan politician .
Billy Koh ( simplified Chinese : 许环良 ; traditional Chinese : 許環良 ; pinyin : Xǔ Huánliáng ) is a Singaporean songwriter , composer and music producer , best known for producing Singaporean singers , such as Kit Chan , A - Do , JJ Lin and BY2 .
Ashis Nandy ( Bengali : আশীষ নন্দী ; born 1937 ) is an Indian political psychologist , social theorist , and critic .
Lamberto da Cingoli was an inquisitor in 14th century Italy .
Julia Harari ( born 1985 ) is an accomplished Australian actor known for film and theatre performance .
Scott Cassell is an American explorer , underwater filmmaker and counter - terrorism operative .
Yossi Aharon ( Hebrew : יוסי אהרון‎ ) is a musician and virtuoso Greek bouzouki player from Tiberias , Israel .
Adam Felber is an American political satirist , author , radio personality , actor , humorist , novelist , television writer , and comic book writer .
Christopher Clavius ( 25 March 1538 -- 3 February 1612 ) was a German Jesuit mathematician and astronomer who modified the proposal of the modern Gregorian calendar after the death of its primary author , Aloysius Lilius .
Emiko Shiratori ( 白鳥 英美子 Shiratori Emiko ; born March 16 , 1950 ) is a Japanese singer and songwriter .
Dave Foster is an American musician who was the third drummer for the grunge rock band Nirvana .
Ezra Swerdlow is an American film producer and production manager .
Asher Ben - Natan ( February 15 , 1921 -- June 17 , 2014 ) was an Israeli diplomat and a key figure in the country 's defense and diplomacy fields .
George Ryan Ross III ( born August 30 , 1986 ) is an American guitarist , singer and songwriter most known for his work as the lead guitarist , backup vocalist and main songwriter for the band Panic ! at the Disco before his departure from the band in 2009 .
Stephen R. Hudis ( born May 17 , 1957 ) is an English actor , stunt coordinator , and director .
Rabbi Yaakov Luban is the rabbi of Congregation Ohr Torah in Edison , New Jersey , USA .
Anthony John Medeski ( born June 28 , 1965 ) is an American jazz keyboards player and composer .
Marina Verenikina ( known as Marina V ) is a Russian - American singer / musician .
Inge Mundt is a retired German rower who won a gold and a silver medal in the eights event at the 1966 and 1967 European Championships , respectively .
Liam Halligan is a British economist , journalist and broadcaster .
Shelagh Donohoe ( born January 22 , 1965 ) is an American Olympic rower .
Ryan Laird ( born March 8 , 1984 ) is a Canadian country music singer - songwriter .
Eva Rubinstein ( born 1933 ) is a Polish - American photographer whose artistic works present portraits , nudes and interiors , often taken in Europe as well as the United States .
Andrew Brookes is an English aerospace analyst , author of aviation books and aviation journalist .
Sir Thomas Knyvet ( died 1605 ) , of Ashwellthorpe , Norfolk and Stradbroke , Suffolk , was an English politician .
Yves - François Blanchet ( born April 16 , 1965 ) was a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec , who was elected to represent the riding of Drummond in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election .
Mandi Perkins is a songwriter and lead singer of the band of Verona .
Efraim Benmelech is an economist .
O. James Lighthizer ( born March 20 , 1946 ) is an American lawyer , politician , and the president of the Civil War Trust battlefield preservation organization .
František Šorm ( February 28 , 1913 in Prague -- November 18 , 1980 ) was a Czech chemist known for synthesis of natural compounds , mainly terpenes and biologically active components of plants .
Stuart Craig Lowe , better known as Craig Lowe , ( born July 18 , 1957 ) is an American politician and former Mayor of Gainesville , Florida .
Geta Burlacu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈd͡ʒeta burˈlaku ) , born Georgeta Povorozniuc on July 22 , 1974 ) is a Moldovan jazz singer .
Margaret Lantis ( September 1 , 1906 -- September 8 , 2006 ) was an American anthropologist , Eskimologist , and author .
Barhadbesciabas or Barhadbesaba ( died July 20 , 355 ) is venerated as a Christian martyr who was decapitated during the reign of Shapur II . A deacon of Arbela , in the Sassanid Empire , he was arrested by the governor of Arbela , Sapor Tamaspor , and put on the rack .
Scott Kalvert ( August 15 , 1964 -- March 5 , 2014 ) was an American film director , known mainly for his 1995 film The Basketball Diaries , starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Wahlberg , and 2002 's Deuces Wild .
Richard Saldan ( born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American magician , motivational speaker , and inspirational writer .
In less than two years `` virtually all the writers who had been willing to work closely with the Comintern and their publisher Willi Münzenberg would be driven out or murdered by the NKVD '' .
Deanell Reece Tacha ( born January 26 , 1946 ) is a retired United States federal judge who served on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit .
Alonzo Gesner ( March 2 , 1842 -- March 6 , 1912 ) was an American land surveyor , Indian agent , and politician in the state of Oregon .
Marianne Strengell ( May 24 , 1909 -- May 9 , 1998 ) was an influential Finnish - American Modernist textile designer in the twentieth century .
DJ Rekha ( born Rekha Malhotra , 1971 ) is a London - born musician , DJ , producer , curator , and activist .
Ladislav Zívr ( May 23 , 1909 -- September 4 , 1980 ) was an important Czech sculptor of the 20th century .
Gabriel J. Iglecias ( born July 15 , 1976 ) , known professionally as Gabriel Iglesias and comically as Fluffy , is an American comedian , actor , writer , producer and voice actor .
Rodrigue Tremblay ( born October 13 , 1939 ) is a Canadian economist , humanist and political figure .
The song 's composer , Pete Townshend , explained that the song is about God deciding to create the universe just so he can hear some music , `` and most of all , one of his best creations , Marty Robbins . ''
Jorge Barraza ( born 4 April 1955 ) is an Argentine journalist , book author , and former chief editor of Magazine Conmebol , the official publication of the South American Football Confederation ( CONMEBOL ) .
Lee Moyer is an American painter , illustrator , graphic designer , Web designer , poster artist and painter of comic books , games and pin - ups .
Moacir Santos ( 1926 - -2006 ) was a Brazilian composer , multi - instrumentalist and music educator .
Watson Heston ( September 25 , 1846 -- January 27 , 1905 ) was an American Editorial cartoonist who peaked in popularity during the Golden Age of Freethought in the late 19th century .
Georgi Kitov ( Bulgarian : Георги Китов ) ( March 1 , 1943 -- September 14 , 2008 ) was a Bulgarian archaeologist and thracologist with controversial methods .
Grace La Rue ( April 23 , 1882 -- March 13 , 1956 ) was an American actress , singer , and Vaudeville headliner .
Throughout his career as a painter , Froilan Calayag has participated in quite a number of collaborations and group exhibits both in the Philippines and abroad , collectively ; and has since held seven solo exhibits to date .
Zoe Scofield is a choreographer , dancer and Co - Artistic Director of Seattle - based dance and visual art company , zoe
Asım Orhan Barut ( June 6 , 1926 -- December 5 , 1994 ) was a Turkish - American theoretical physicist .
Sōjin Kamiyama or just Sōjin ( 上山 草人 ; January 30 , 1884 -- July 28 , 1954 ) was a Japanese film actor .
Bevan Dufty ( born February 27 , 1955 ) is an American politician and Director of HOPE ( Housing Opportunity , Partnerships and Engagement ) for the City and County of San Francisco .
Luh Dun - jin ( Chinese : 鹿篤瑾 ; pinyin : Lù Dǔjǐn ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Heinrich Kretschmayr ( 1870 - -1939 ) was Austrian archivist and historian who specialized in the history of Venice .
Todd Rippon ( born May 30 , 1964 ) is a film and television actor .
Du Yun ( traditional Chinese : 杜韻 , simplified Chinese : 杜韵 born June 18 , 1977 in Shanghai , China ) is a Chinese born international composer , multi - instrumentalist and performance artist .
Richii ( Arabic : ريتشى ) ( born Richard Abicair , on August 17 , 1989 in Melbourne , Australia ) is a singer , dancer , songwriter and music producer whose popularity can be attributed to his Arabic singing in a Western style , heavy incorporation of Western electropop elements in his music and performances .
Steve Roggenbuck ( born November 11 , 1987 ) is an American poet , blogger , and YouTuber .
Krista Branch is an American singer whose 2010 song `` I Am America '' has been called the anthem of the Tea Party movement .
David Norona , ( many times written as David Noroña ) ( born December 14 , 1972 ) is a Cuban American actor , director who has appeared in films , notably in Though None Go with Me , in many television series , recently ( The Mentalist ) and many theatre works .
Malia Jones ( born March 27 , 1977 ) is an American model and surfer .
Nikola Prsendic ( born February 7 , 1979 , in Pozarevac , Serbia ) is a contemporary artist and painter , currently based in Rome , Italy .
Massimilian Breeder ( born in Genova , June 13 , 1978 ) is an Italian artist who works in film , drawings , sound and installation .
John McFee ( born September 9 , 1950 , Santa Cruz , California ) is an American singer , songwriter , guitarist , record producer , and multi - instrumentalist , and long - time member of The Doobie Brothers .
Cecilia Lutwak - Mann ( 1900(?)-1987 ) was a Polish - British endocrinologist and physiologist .
Gene Malin ( June 30 , 1908 -- August 10 , 1933 ) , also known by stage names Jean Malin and Imogene Wilson , was an American actor , emcee , and drag performer during the Jazz Age .
Richard Portnow ( born January 26 , 1947 ) is an American actor known for such films and television series as Good Morning , Vietnam , Barton Fink , Kindergarten Cop , Seven , Ghost Dog :
Kinthup , a Lepcha man from Sikkim , was an explorer in the area of Tibet in the 1880s .
Leonor Fini ( 1907 -- 1996 ) was an Argentine surrealist painter , designer , illustrator , and author , known for her unapologetic depictions of powerful women .
He was ordained priest at the age of 27 on 19 April 1919 , and as Rev Dr James Kalacherry , served as Lecturer in Logic at St. Berchmans College , Changanassery , Kottayam , Kerala .
Thurlow Weed ( November 15 , 1797 -- November 22 , 1882 ) was a New York newspaper publisher and Whig and Republican politician .
Duncan Campbell Scott ( August 2 , 1862 -- December 19 , 1947 ) was a Canadian bureaucrat , poet and prose writer .
Jo Becker is an award - winning American journalist and author working as an investigative reporter for The New York Times .
George Edgar Vincent ( March 21 , 1864 -- February 2 , 1941 ) was an American sociologist and university president .
Helen Wadsworth ( born 7 April 1964 ) is a former Welsh professional golfer on the Ladies European Tour .
Brian Rolland ( born April 16 , 1954 ) is an American guitarist , composer and songwriter raised in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Francesco Guerini ( fl . 1740 -- 1770 ) was a Neapolitan violinist and composer whose works were published throughout Europe in the mid 18th century .
Russ Russell is a British record producer , sound engineer , mixer , mastering engineer , musician and writer .
Hovhannes Davtyan ( Armenian : Հովհաննես Դավթյան , born November 25 , 1983 in Leninakan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian judoka .
John Resig is an American software engineer and entrepreneur , best known as the creator and lead developer of the jQuery JavaScript library .
Rabai al - Madhoun ( born 1945 ) is a Palestinian journalist , novelist and writer .
Pamela Yates is an American documentary filmmaker and human rights activist .
Pierre D'Auteuil ( April 2 , 1857 -- December 11 , 1933 ) was a Canadian lawyer , politician and judge .
James Gilbert Baker ( November 11 , 1914 -- June 29 , 2005 ) was an American astronomer and designer of optics systems .
Robert Lewis Morgan ( born January 5 , 1952 ) is an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly for one term from 2004 to 2006 , where he represented the 12th legislative district .
Carlos Heller ( born October 17 , 1940 ) is an Argentine executive , cooperative banking leader , and politician .
Yogendra Duraiswamy , SLOS was a Sri Lankan diplomat , who served in India , Myanmar , the United States ( New York ) , Australia , Iraq , Italy , China and the Philippines .
Sara Martin ( June 18 , 1884 -- May 24 , 1955 ) was an American blues singer , in her time one of the most popular of the classic blues singers .
Daniela Gioseffi ( born 1941 ) is a poet , novelist , literary critic , essayist , and performer who won the American Book Award in 1990 for Women on War ;
Zara McFarlane is a British jazz / soul singer and songwriter , based in East London .
Bruce E. Levine , PhD , is a clinical psychologist , often at odds with the mainstream of his profession ( see critical psychology ) , in private practice in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Ty Granderson Jones ( born January 19 , 1964 ) is a Creole American actor , screenwriter and producer .
Artimus Lamont Bentley ( October 25 , 1973 -- January 19 , 2005 ) , better known professionally Lamont Bentley , was an American actor and rapper best known for his role as Hakeem Campbell on the UPN sitcom Moesha and the spin - off The Parkers .
Alexander Strehl ( born in Nuremberg ) is a computer scientist , management consultant and business school professor .
Rafael García Bárcena was a Cuban philosopher who later took a leading role in the Cuban Revolution against President Fulgencio Batista .
Jon Wellner ( born July 11 , 1975 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as toxicologist Henry Andrews on CSI :
Roy MacSkimming is a Canadian novelist , non - fiction writer and cultural policy consultant .
Frank Urso is a former American lacrosse player and current high school lacrosse coach , best known for his collegiate career at the University of Maryland from 1973 to 1976 .
Harry Lewiston ( April 2 , 1900 -- June 1 , 1965 ; legal name Israel Harry Jaffe ) was an American showman , freak show director , and barker .
Abdurrahman Mahmoud Aidiid ( Soltelco ) ( Somali : Cabdiraxman Maxmuud Caydiid , Arabic : عبد الرحمن محمود عيديد‎ ) is a Somali politician .
Jesús Marcelo de los Santos Fraga ( born December 15 , 1948 ) is a Mexican politician , member of the PAN party , and Governor of the state of San Luis Potosí ( 2003 - -2009 ) .
Osunlade ( /oʊsʉnˈlɑːdeɪ/ ; born March 13 , 1969 ) is an American - born musician and music producer .
Elizabeth Tilney , Countess of Surrey ( before 1445 -- 4 April 1497 ) was an English heiress and lady - in - waiting to two queens .
Syd Saylor ( born Leo Sailor ; March 24 , 1895 -- December 21 , 1962 ) was an American comedic actor and movie cowboy sidekick who appeared in 395 films and TV series between 1926 and 1962 .
Herb Snitzer is a photographer in the U.S. He lives in St. Petersburg , Florida and opened his own gallery in 2014 .
Fode Mamadou Toure ( April 1 , 1910 in Baccoro , Guinea - April 11 , 1992 ) was a politician from Guinea who served in the French Senate from 1955 - 1958 .
Marty Pollio ( born February 22 , 1955 ) is an American stand - up comedian and actor .
Marc Rich ( born Marcell David Reich ; December 18 , 1934 -- June 26 , 2013 ) was an international commodities trader , hedge fund manager , financier and businessman .
Harvie June Van ( born March 2 , 1940 ) is country music singer .
Tim Brummett ( born September 1 , 1952 ) is a singer - songwriter and guitarist from Spokane , Washington .
Vivienne Poy ( born Vivienne Lee ; Chinese : 利德蕙 ; pinyin : Lì Déhuì ; Jyutping : lei6 dak1 wai6 ; Cantonese Yale : Ley6 Dak1-wai6on May 15 , 1941 ) is a Canadian politician .
Lucio Fabbri ( born 25 March 1954 ) is an Italian composer , conductor , arranger , producer and multi - instrumentalist .
Jay Robinson ( April 14 , 1930 -- September 27 , 2013 ) was an American actor specializing in character roles .
Pat Duquette ( born November 4 , 1970 ) is the head men 's basketball coach at UMass Lowell .
Bartolf of Nangis or Bartolfus peregrinus was a French historian who died shortly before 1109 .
Shabbir Masani is an Indian actor who played the role of Yeda in Satya and similar small and significant roles in Asoka , Company ( film ) and Bhoot .
Cassidy Krug ( born July 12 , 1985 ) is an American diver from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Guido di Tella ( June 12 , 1931 -- December 31 , 2001 ) was an Argentine businessman , academic and diplomat who served as Minister of Foreign Relations between 1991 and 1999 .
Jabari Miles Evans , better known by his stage name Naledge , is an American rapper and one half of the hip - hop group Kidz in the Hall .
Alfredo Baldomir Ferrari ( August 27 , 1884 -- February 25 , 1948 ) was an Uruguayan soldier , architect and politician .
Bernie Weintraub ( died January 16 , 2010 ) was an American talent agent and founding partner of the Paradigm Talent Agency in 1993 .
Dénes Szántó was a Hungarian economist , who served as Governor of the Hungarian National Bank after the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 , from November 20 , 1956 to June 30 , 1960 .
Radomir Petković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радомир Петковић , born November 26 , 1986 ) is a Serbian professional wrestler and former amateur wrestler .
William Dehning ( born August 13 , 1942 ) is an American conductor , teacher , and author who spent almost his entire career in the collegiate realm .
Nelson Rangell ( Born March 26 , 1960 ) is an American smooth jazz musician and composer originally from Castle Rock , Colorado .
Ann Fagan Ginger ( born July 11 , 1925 ) is an American lawyer , teacher , writer , and political activist .
Cheng Kaijia ( simplified Chinese : 程开甲 ; traditional Chinese : 程開甲 ; pinyin : Chéng Kāijiǎ ; born August 3 , 1918 ) , also known as Cheng Kai - jia or Cheng Kai Jia , is a Chinese nuclear physicist and engineer .
Paul Ryan Rudd ( born Paul Kenneth Rudd ; May 15 , 1940 -- August 12 , 2010 ) was an American actor , director , and a professor .
Lunna ( born June 30 , 1947 ) , is a singer of Pop and Jazz who was the director of the television show Objetivo Fama , the Latin version of American Idol .
Babu Narayanan is an Indian film director in Malayalam movies .
Nick Berkeley is an English photographer , film maker and writer .
Louise Bryant ( December 5 , 1885 -- January 6 , 1936 ) was an American journalist known for her sympathetic coverage of Russia and the Bolsheviks during the Russian Revolution .
Astro Teller ( born Eric Teller ; 29 May 1970 ) is an entrepreneur , scientist , and author , with expertise in the field of intelligent technology .
Al Hurricane , Jr. ( born Alberto Nelson Sanchez , Jr. on October 30 , 1959 ) is an American singer - songwriter , he is known as `` The Godfather 's son '' , a nickname which was inherited from his father Al Hurricane , who is considered `` The Godfather '' of New Mexico music .
Bill Schorr is an American cartoonist of syndicated editorial cartoons and comic strips .
Dr. Adel Manna ( born October 20 , 1947 ) is a historian specializing in Palestine in the Ottoman period .
Peter Stampfel ( born October 29 , 1938 in Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) is an American fiddle player , violinist and singer - songwriter .
Lyonheart , ( formerly known as Senadee ) , is the pseudonym of singer , music producer , composer , multi - instrumentalist and songwriter Sena Verdi .
M. A. Rogovin ( 1838- February 27 , 1923 ) was a Russian civil engineer responsible for construction of many fortresses in Russia :
Nancy Grossman ( born April 28 , 1940 ) is an American feminist artist .
Hamish Linklater ( born July 7 , 1976 ) is an American actor , known for playing Matthew Kimble in The New Adventures of Old Christine and Andrew Keanelly in The Crazy Ones .
Dennis Condrey ( born February 1 , 1952 ) is an American retired professional wrestler , best known as being one half of the tag team Midnight Express .
Horace Bushnell ( April 14 , 1802 -- February 17 , 1876 ) was an American Congregational minister and theologian .
Jerome Courtland ( December 27 , 1926 -- March 1 , 2012 ) was an American actor , director and producer .
Małgorzata Łupina ( born October 17 , 1969 in Olsztyn ) is a Polish documentary film director and cameraman .
Uttam Kamble ( Marathi : उत्तम कांबळे ) is an Indian journalist who was the Chief Editor of Sakal Media Group .
Josie Rourke ( 3 September 1976 ) is a British theatre director and , since 2012 has been the artistic director of the Donmar Warehouse theatre in London .
Nicholas Ludford ( c. 1485 -- c. 1557 ) was an English composer of the Tudor period .
Jack Warden ( September 18 , 1920 -- July 19 , 2006 ) was an American character actor of film and television .
Joseph - Armand Bombardier ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒozɛf aʁmɑ̃ bɔ̃baʁdje ) ; April 16 , 1907 -- February 18 , 1964 ) was a French - Canadian inventor and businessman , and was the founder of Bombardier .
Peggy Clydesdale ( born Peggy Anne Yunker ; 1974 ) is an American artist and painter .
John Paye ( born March 30 , 1965 ) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League and a high school basketball coach .
Charlotte Piepenhagen - Mohr ( variously rendered as Charlotte Piepenhagen , Charlotte Piepenhagen - Weyrother - Mohr , Charlote Weyrother - Mohr - Piepenhagen , and Charlotte Weyrother - Mohr Piepenhagen ) ( 1821 - -1902 ) was a Czech painter , primarily of landscapes .
Linda Gerard ( December 24 , 1938 - March 21 , 2014 ) was a singer , stage actress and cabaret artist based in Palm Springs , California .
Deolinda Rodríguez de Almeida ( also , Deolinda Rodrigues Francisco de Almeida ; pseudonym , Langidila ; nickname , `` Mother of the Revolution '' ; 1939 - 1968 ) was an Angolan nationalist , heroine , militant , writer , and translator , who also taught , wrote poetry , and worked as a radio host .
Shukran Hussein Gure ( Somali : Shukraan Xuseen Gurey , Arabic : صهوكران حسين جوري‎ ) ( born 6 June 1978 ) is a Somali - Kenyan politician .
Radney Foster ( born July 20 , 1959 ) is an American country music singer - songwriter , musician and music producer .
Peter Buell Porter ( August 14 , 1773 -- March 20 , 1844 ) was an American lawyer , soldier and politician who served as United States Secretary of War from 1828 to 1829 .
Justin Pickett is an actor best remembered for his role in the Channel 4 situation comedy Desmond 's .
Bryan Isaac is a professional ballroom dancer , who teaches standard and Latin American dance in Bristol , alongside Diane Barron .
Raina Telgemeier ( born May 26 , 1977 ) is an American cartoonist whose works include the autobiographic webcomic Smile ( A Dental Drama ) , which was published by Scholastic Press 's Graphix imprint as a full - color graphic novel in February 2010 .
Registered nurse Jessie Brewer spoke the opening line of the premiere episode , `` Seventh floor , nurses station , '' a phrase that became a staple in the show 's early years .
Menasheh Idafar ( born March 13 , 1991 in London ) is a British racing driver with dual Bahraini citizenship .
Ian Finney is an English composer , guitarist , multi - instrumentalist and songwriter .
Donna McPhail is a British journalist , and was formerly a television presenter and stand - up comedian .
Dugald Christie ( 1941 - July 31 , 2006 ) was a Canadian lawyer and political activist .
Theo Kogan ( born December 23 , 1969 ) is an American singer , songwriter , model , and actress .
Britt - Marie Smedh ( born March 22 , 1955 in Solna Municipality , Stockholm County ) is a former Swedish breaststroke swimmer who represented Stockholmspolisens IF .
Anthony Mosley , known as Tony M. , is a rapper best known as a member of Prince 's band , The New Power Generation .
Javontae Starks ( born March 18 , 1989 ) is a professional junior middleweight ( 154 lbs ) boxer from Minneapolis , Minnesota .
William Carrington Thompson ( November 6 , 1915 -- June 11 , 2011 ) , known as W. Carrington Thompson , was an American jurist and politician .
Ferdinand Kulmer ( 1925 - -1998 ) was a Croatian abstract painter and teacher .
Mohammed Aftab Aalam ( Nepali : मोहम्मद अफताब आलम Listen ) is a Nepalese politician .
Tristan Nunez ( born October 31 , 1995 in Boynton Beach , Florida ) is an American racing driver and resides in Boca Raton , Florida .
Israel Cruz is an Australian singer - songwriter and record producer .
Mir Taj Muhammad Jamali was the former Balochistan chief minister and a veteran politician .
Kenneth Snelson ( born June 29 , 1927 ) is an American contemporary sculptor and photographer .
Derek Mears ( born April 29 , 1972 ) is an American actor and stuntman , best known for his role as Jason Voorhees in the reboot of Friday the 13th and Hawes in Hatchet III .
Phoemela Baranda ( born October 1 , 1980 ) is a Filipina model , actress and was the entertainment anchor of ABS - CBN 's weekday flagship news broadcast of TV Patrol .
Herbert Blöcker ( January 1 , 1943 -- February 15 , 2014 ) was a German equestrian and 3-time Olympic medalist .
Clara Ann Fowler ( November 8 , 1927 -- January 1 , 2013 ) , known by her professional name Patti Page , was an American singer of traditional pop music .
Mabel Taylor ( 7 December 1879 -- date of death unknown ) was an American archer .
J. C. Adams ( June 6 , 1970 ) is an American author , magazine editor and reporter whose work focuses on the gay pornographic industry , and a gay pornographic film director .
Daniel Dole ( 1808 - -1878 ) was a Protestant missionary educator from the United States to the Hawaiian Islands .
Desmond Green ( born October 11 , 1989 ) is an American mixed martial artist who competed in the featherweight division for Bellator MMA .
Artie Hall ( c. 1881 - -1906 ) was an American vaudeville singer and actress , known for her blackface performances as a coon shouter .
Alex Frayne is an Adelaide based Australian film director whose films have received attention locally and abroad .
Günter Lumer ( 1929 - -2005 ) was a mathematician known for his work in functional analysis .
Ezekiel Adebiyi is a Nigerian computational biologist and research scientist .
Jisshu Sengupta , popularly known as Jisshu , is an Indian actor and television presenter .
Liljana Kondakçi is an Albanian singer , famous for being a winner of the 18th Festivali i Këngës .
Stephen Endelman is a British born classical composer and conductor .
Lovely Hoffman is an American recording artist , music theatre performer , record producer , musician , and actress .
Gary John Bassett ( born June 6 , 1948 , in Bryn Mawr , Pennsylvania ) , known as Johnny Strike , is an American writer , mostly known as songwriter , guitarist and singer for the proto - punk band Crime based in San Francisco .
Johann Christoph Wendland ( July 17 , 1755 -- July 27 , 1828 ) was a German botanist and gardener born in Petit - Landau , Alsace .
Sekh Sahonawez is an Indian politician with the Trinamool Congress party , who is accused of murder in three cases and of attempted murder , kidnapping and other crimes in a number of other charges .
Kicker Vencill is an American swimmer who won a lawsuit against a dietary supplement company for having contaminated multi - vitamins which caused him to be suspended from swimming for two years from 2003 , even though they were prescribed to him by his doctor .
William C. Mentzer ( May 27 , 1907 -- December 23 , 1971 ) was an aeronautical engineer noted for his contributions to the airline industry , dealing particularly with aircraft maintenance and economics .
Darren Arthur Reed ( born June 18 , 1963 ) , better known by his stage name Dizzy Reed , is an American keyboardist , pianist and occasional actor .
Anilza Pinho de Carvalho , better known by her stage name Anilza Leoni , ( October 10 , 1933 -- August 6 , 2009 ) was a Brazilian actress , singer , former ballerina and painter .
Gerald Ian Daniel ( born August 17 , 1981 ) is a Sri Lankan cricketer who plays first class cricket for Sinhalese Sports Club .
Benedict G. Rousselle , known as Benny Rousselle ( born January 20 , 1951 ) , is a Realtor and a Democratic politician from Plaquemines Parish in Greater New Orleans , Louisiana .
Nathaniel Cooke was the designer of a set of chess figures , which is now the standard set .
Clara Porset ( 1895 - -1981 ) was a Cuban - born interior designer whose education and career brought her to the United States and Europe .
Charles Scott Leonard IV is a singer with the a cappella singing group Rockapella , the former house band on the PBS children 's geography game show Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego ? ( 1991 - -1996 ) .
Robert Kirchhoff ( born May 7 , 1968 ) is a Slovakian independent film director , producer , cinematographer , and scriptwriter .
Eliso Virsaladze ( Georgian : ელისო ვირსალაძე ; born 1942 ) is a Georgian pianist .
Eileen Kennedy - Moore is a Princeton , New Jersey - based clinical psychologist ( lic # 35SI00425400 ) and the author or co - author of books for parents , children , and mental health professionals .
John Crowe Ransom ( April 30 , 1888 -- July 3 , 1974 ) was an American educator , scholar , literary critic , poet , essayist and editor .
Edith Rockefeller McCormick ( August 31 , 1872 -- August 25 , 1932 ) was an American socialite and opera patron .
Arnold Marshall Rose ( July 2 , 1918 - January 2 , 1968 ) was an American sociologist and politician .
Artemis Gounaki ( Greek Άρτεμις Γουνάκη ; born April 7 , 1967 in Munich ) is a Greek - German singer , vocal coach , songwriter , composer , and arranger who has done much of her work in Greek .
Popi Maliotaki ( Greek : Πόπη Μαλλιωτάκη ) is a Greek pop - folk singer .
Martin J. Blake , Irish historian , died c.1930 .
Idaira Fernandez Rodriguez , better known as Idaira , which is her artistic name , is a Spanish singer .
Emanuele Papi ( born August 30 , 1959 ) is an Italian classical archaeologist .
Kiara Kabukuru is an American fashion model of Ugandan descent .
Major Peter John Cashin ( March 8 , 1890 -- May 21 , 1977 ) was a businessman , soldier and politician in Newfoundland and Labrador .
Clive Arnold is a British television director , known for his work on the BBC One soap opera EastEnders .
Henry Peavey ( March 3 , 1882 -- December 27 , 1931 ) was the cook and valet of Hollywood silent film director William Desmond Taylor .
Marie - José van der Kolk ( born September 16 , 1974 ) , better known by her stage name Loona , is a Dutch singer , songwriter and dancer .
Anthony Gelsomino ( born December 2 , 1970 ) is an American actor , producer , director and writer .
Agha Zahid ( Urdu : آغا زاہد ) ( born January 7 , 1953 in Lahore , Punjab ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test in 1975 .
Pratim D. Gupta is an Indian journalist , film critic , screenwriter and film director .
Trent Dabbs is an American singer - songwriter who was raised in Jackson , Mississippi , but has been based in Nashville for his professional career .
Phil Miler is a Brazilian actor and an internationally awarded voice actor .
Amir Issaa also known as Amir or Meticcio ( born 10 December 1978 ) is an Italian rapper .
Rob Epstein , also credited as Robert P. Epstein ( born April 6 , 1955 ) , is an American director , producer , writer and editor .
Rob Weiss is an American television and film producer , screenwriter , actor , and director .
Eznik of Kolb ( Armenian : Եզնիկ Կողբացի Yeznik Koghbatsi ) , was an Armenian Christian writer of the 5th century .
Inger Lorre ( born Lori Ann Wening ) is an American singer who is best known for her bands The Nymphs and Motel Shootout .
Luke Rathborne is a musician from Maine and currently lives in New York City .
Andrew Philpot , commonly credited as Andy Philpot and sometimes Will Barrett , is an American actor and voice actor .
Carlos Felipe Morales Languasco was a Dominican priest , politician and military figure .
Michael Seamon ( born 1960 ) is an American professional bridge player from Miami Beach , Florida .
John Jefferson Carter , known as J. J. Carter ( May 6 , 1832 -- February 24 , 1907 ) , was a businessman and Democratic politician from Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana .
Gabe Polsky ( born May 3 , 1979 ) is an American film director , writer , and producer .
Peace Pilgrim ( July 18 , 1908 -- July 7 , 1981 ) born Mildred Lisette Norman , was an American non - denominational spiritual teacher , mystic , pacifist , vegetarian activist and peace activist .
Paul Harlan Collins , more often known as Harlan Collins , is a composer , arranger , musician , and writer .
Todd Haynes ( /heɪnz/ ; born January 2 , 1961 ) is an American independent film director , screenwriter , and producer .
Eva Tanguay ( August 1 , 1878 -- January 11 , 1947 ) was a Canadian singer and entertainer who billed herself as `` the girl who made vaudeville famous '' .
Karim Mostafa is a Sweden - born photographer based in Beirut since 2011 , working mainly with journalism and documentary photography .
Amey Pandya is an Indian film and television child actor .
Gil Cates Jr. , born October 4 , 1969 in New York City , is an American actor and film maker .
Yulia Tsibulskaya ( Romanian : Iulia Ţibulschi ; Moldovan Cyrillic : Юлия Цибулски ; born June 15 , 1933 ) is a Moldovan composer .
Nilesh Limaye ( Marathi : नीलेश लिमये , Nilesh Limye ) is an Indian celebrity chef .
Jeremiah Davis ( June 12 , 1826 -- September 22 , 1910 ) was an American pioneer , politician , and farmer from New York .
Craig Hultgren is an American cellist and improvisor .
Novalyne Price Ellis ( born Novalyne Price ) ( March 9 , 1908 -- March 30 , 1999 ) was a Texas - born schoolteacher and writer who became close friends with and occasionally dated famed pulp fiction writer Robert E. Howard .
Joseph Groia , is a Canadian lawyer specializing in securities litigation .
Michael Badalucco ( born December 20 , 1954 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as lawyer Jimmy Berlutti on the ABC legal drama television series The Practice .
Jordan Raycroft is a Canadian singer - songwriter and the frontman of the Canadian band Raycroft .
Brittney Reese ( born September 9 , 1986 ) is an American long jumper , Olympic gold medalist , and is a five - time world champion .
Donald Stevenson ( April 12 , 1833 - 1908 ) was a cattleman and politician in North Dakota , US .
Robert Ebendorf ( born September 30 , 1938 ) is an American metalsmith and jeweler , known for craft , art and studio jewelry , often using found objects .
George Chakiris ( born September 16 , 1934 ) is an American dancer , singer and actor .
Kibriyo Rajabova ( Tajik : Кибриё Раҷабова , Persian : کبریا رجباوا‎ ) is a Tajik pop singer .
Jennifer Garrison ( born April 2 , 1962 ) is an American politician of the Democratic party from Marietta , Ohio .
Brent Sexton ( born August 12 , 1967 ) is an American actor best known for his roles in the television series The Killing , Life , and Deadwood .
Jacopo Godani is an Italian - born , dancer - choreographer who is currently directing the Dresden Frankfurt Dance Company
Ewelina Lisowska ( Polish pronunciation : ( ɛvɛˈlina liˈsɔfska ) ; born August 23 , 1991 ) , is a Polish singer and songwriter .
Hama Amirou Ly ( born December 31 , 1946 , in Sebba ) is a Burkinabé politician and the Mayor of Sebba .
Nathan Bristol ( March 7 , 1805 Harpersfield , Delaware County , New York -- March 1 , 1874 Port Jervis , Orange County , New York ) was an American merchant and politician from New York .
Bob Kaufman ( April 18 , 1925 -- January 12 , 1986 ) , born Robert Garnell Kaufman , was an American Beat poet and surrealist inspired by jazz music .
Emin Kadi is a fashion photographer , journalist , art director and magazine publisher .
Girolamo Bartei ( c. 1570 - c. 1618 ) was an Italian composer of sacred music in the early Baroque .
Sean Cheesman is a Canadian dancer and choreographer , best known as a judge and choreographer for television dance competitions such as So You Think You Can Dance , So You Think You Can Dance Canada and Dirty Dancing :
Tadeusz Tański ( March 11 , 1892 -- March 23 , 1941 ) was a Polish automobile engineer and the designer of , among others , the first Polish serially - built automobile , the CWS T-1 .
Lourdes Portillo ( born 1944 ) is a Mexican American screenwriter and filmmaker .
Anthony McCall ( born 1946 ) is a British - born New York based artist known for his `` solid - light '' installations , a series that he began in 1973 with `` Line Describing a Cone , '' in which a volumetric form composed of projected light slowly evolves in three - dimensional space .
Sir William Napier Shaw FRS , ( March 4 , 1854 - March 23 , 1945 ) , was a British meteorologist .
Marshall Ulrich is an American ultramarathon runner , adventure racer and mountaineer .
Oliver Muoto ( born 1969 ) is a Polish - born entrepreneur responsible for co - founding several early stage companies including vFlyer , Epicentric and RandomNoise .
Renate Eggebrecht ( born August 12 , 1944 ) is a German violinist and record producer .
Duane Bastress ( born May 30 , 1983 ) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator 's middleweight division .
Jack Clemons is an aerospace engineer and air and space industry professional .
Orpheus Spiliotopoulos ( Greek : Ορφέας Σπηλιωτόπουλος ) ( born July 27 , 1980 in Greek island of Rhodes ) , son of Greek singer Iris Mavraki , is an independent band manager , a music journalist , a radio show host , a club DJ and a lyricist .
Miss Marjorie Cottle ( 1900 - 1987 ) was an English professional motorcycle racer .
Chip Le Grand ( born Blacksburg , Virginia USA ) is an Australian sports journalist .
Don Aitkin AO ( b. 1937 ) is a political scientist , writer , and administrator .
James Sommerin ( born in Caerleon ) is a Michelin - starred Welsh chef .
Emilio Ambrosini ( 1850 , Trieste , Austria -- December 1 , 1912 , Vienna , Austria ) was an Italian architect .
Ahmad Jamal ( born Frederick Russell Jones , July 2 , 1930 ) is an American jazz pianist , composer , group leader , and educator .
Peter Bogdanovich ( Serbian : Петар Богдановић , Petar Bogdanović , born July 30 , 1939 ) is an American director , writer , actor , producer , critic and film historian .
Nathan Greene is a contemporary American artist and painter .
Kiran Janjani is an Indian actor who works in Bollywood .
Thomas Phifer ( born 1953 in South Carolina ) is an American architect based in New York City .
Isaac Funk ( November 17 , 1797 -- January 29 , 1865 ) was an American rancher and politician , originally from Kentucky .
Émile Poulat ( French : ( pula ) ; June 13 , 1920 -- November 22 , 2014 ) , was a French historian and sociologist .
José Leite Lopes ( October 28 , 1918 -- June 12 , 2006 ) , noted Brazilian theoretical physicist in the field of quantum field theory and particle physics .
Demetrius Lacon or Demetrius of Laconia ( late 2nd century BC ) was an Epicurean philosopher , and a disciple of Protarchus .
Charlotte Coyle is a plus - size model from Derry , Northern Ireland .
Mick Burrs ( born April 10 , 1940 ) is a Canadian poet who currently lives in Toronto , Ontario .
Brooke Nichole Adams ( born December 4 , 1984 ) , is an American model and professional wrestler best known for her time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) under the ring names Brooke , Brooke Tessmacher and Ms. Tessmacher .
Nina Hamid is a Bangladeshi folk singer .
Friedrich von Huene , full name Friedrich Richard von Hoinigen ( March 22 , 1875 -- April 4 , 1969 ) was a German paleontologist who renamed more dinosaurs in the early 20th century than anyone else in Europe .
Allan Birnbaum ( May 27 , 1923 -- July 1 , 1976 ) was an American statistician who contributed to statistical inference , foundations of statistics , statistical genetics , statistical psychology , and history of statistics .
Jason Todd Ipson ( born July 28 , 1972 ) is an American director , screenwriter , producer , fashion photographer and licensed physician and surgeon .
Dan Ehrenkrantz is an American Reconstructionist rabbi , currently serving as the outgoing president of the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College in Wyncote , Pennsylvania .
Matthew Faughnan is an animation director with The Simpsons and has directed five episodes .
Harry Chozen ( September 27 , 1915 -- September 16 , 1994 ) was a professional baseball player in the 1930s , 40s , and 50s .
Mustafa Hassanali ( born June 9 , 1980 ) is a Tanzanian fashion designer and a qualified doctor .
Ron Crawford ( born October 11 , 1945 ) is an actor and artist .
Anne T. Hill ( November 24 , 1916 -- March 8 , 1999 ) was a fashion designer and yoga teacher .
Nimrod Kamer is a satirist , comedy writer / performer and journalist based in London .
Espen Selvik is a Norwegian conductor , composer , music reviewer in Bergens Tidende , writer , advisor of the Reksten Foundation and director of Gulatinget .
Frank Wennmann ( born 1959 ) is a retired German swimmer who won four medals at the European and world championships in 1977 - -1981 , three of them in the 4×200 m freestyle relay .
Peter G. Dyson is a British conductor and music director of the Belmont Ensemble of London .
Dithmar Blefken was a German preacher and minor 17th century geographer .
Joyce Ohajah is a British journalist , previously working on ITV London 's regional news programme , London Tonight , and the national ITV Morning News .
Ana Bernardino is a Brazilian singer and one of two new singers in Brazilian Baile Funk band Bonde Do Rolê .
Nick Burd is an American award - winning novelist .
Dolores Paterno y Ignacio ( March 10 , 1854 -- July 3 , 1881 ) was a Filipina composer known for the song `` La Flor de Manila '' ( also known as `` Sampaguita '' ) .
Alla Goniodsky ( born April 15 , 1956 ) is a Russian - born stage designer , puppet maker , painter , and sculptor .
Sara Seager ( born July 21 , 1971 ) is a Canadian - American astronomer and planetary scientist .
Zurich based British choreographer Ihsan Rustem was born in London in 1982 .
James Maurice Herlihy was an Irish amateur boxer winning the Leinster 1938 - 39 Championships as a Middleweight .
Leif Bjaland was named the artistic director and conductor of the Florida West Coast Symphony in 1997 .
Anwarul Amin , commonly known as Azhar , is a former Bangladeshi cricketer .
John Lovitt ( October 9 , 1832 -- April 13 , 1908 ) was a Canadian ship 's captain , shipowner , shipbuilder , entrepreneur , and politician .
Miguel Caló ( October 28 , 1907 -- May 24 , 1972 ) was a famous tango bandoneonist , composer , and the leader of the Orchestra Miguel Caló .
Dennis Wolfberg ( March 29 , 1946 -- October 3 , 1994 ) was an American stand up comedian and actor .
Nicholas A. Christakis ( born May 7 , 1962 ) is an American sociologist and physician known for his research on social networks and on the socioeconomic and biosocial determinants of behavior , health , and longevity .
Oszkár Gerde ( July 8 , 1883 -- October 8 , 1944 ) was a two - time Olympic champion Hungarian fencer .
Piotr Bujnowiczis a Polish - born , Golden Trailer awarded producer , and photographer .
Chief Justice U Aung Toe is a senior judge in Myanmar .
Sam Coslow ( December 27 , 1902 -- April 2 , 1982 ) was an American songwriter , singer , film producer , publisher , and market analyst .
Shayn Solberg ( born on February 2 , 1984 ) is a Canadian character actor .
Field marshal count Augustin Ehrensvärd ( September 25 , 1710 -- October 4 , 1772 ) was a Swedish military officer , military architect , artist , creator of the Suomenlinna ( Sveaborg ) fortress and the Swedish archipelago fleet .
Ivar Alanen ( previously Lammi ; February 11 , 1863 in Virrat -- March 28 , 1936 in Parkano ) was a Finnish politician representing Old Finnish Party and National Coalition Party .
Surjit Singh Sethi was a Punjabi playwright , novelist , short story writer , lyricist , film maker and theatre personality .
Mack Damon ( born December 22 , 1972 in Independence , Missouri ) , is a successful record producer and recording engineer based in San Antonio , Texas .
William J. Pomeroy ( November 25 , 1916 - January 12 , 2009 ) was an American communist and a ghost writer who served the American army in the Pacific during the World War II . He has a connection with the Philippine guerillas during the war , supplying them with materials .
Paul Khanna is a British actor in the two - part Warner Bros. film Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
Simon Chikovani ( Georgian : სიმონ ჩიქოვანი ; December 27 , 1902 -- April 24 , 1966 ) was a Georgian poet who set out to be the leader of Georgian Futurist movement and ended up as a Soviet establishment figure .
William Neal Hallford ( born October 17 , 1966 ) is an American game designer , book author , screenwriter , and independent film director .
Max van der Rose is a German composer , musician , record producer and painter .
For the first two - thirds of his 30-year career , Gösta Winbergh was greatly admired as a singer of Mozart 's operas .
Alan Schilke is an engineer and roller coaster designer based in Hayden , Idaho , United States .
Derek Johnson , Jr. , better known by his stage name Derek Minor and former stage name PRo , ( born December 16 , 1984 ) is an American Christian hip hop artist , record producer , entrepreneur , actor , and screenwriter .
James Oppenheim ( 1882 - -1932 ) , was an American poet , novelist , and editor .
Valeriu Tabără ( Romanian pronunciation : ( vaˈlerju ˈtabərə ) ; born July 1 , 1949 ) is a Romanian agronomist and politician .
Antonio Skármeta ( born Esteban Antonio Skármeta Vranicic on November 7 , 1940 ) is a Chilean writer descending from Croatian immigrants from the Adriatic island of Brač , Dalmatia .
Maria Ciulei is a dedicated Romanian handball coach , who initiated and coached world - renowned handball players and who along the years led her teams to 11 National Titles and 2 European Titles .
Jan Brzechwa was the writer 's pseudonym .
Charles Wedge was a surveyor and explorer of the North West of Western Australia .
Vinko Dvořák ( January 21 , 1848 -- May 6 , 1922 ) was a Czech - Croatian physicist , professor and academician .
Frank DeCaro ( born November 6 , 1962 ) is an American writer , performer and talk radio host .
Julio de Caro ( December 11 , 1899 -- March 11 , 1980 ) was an Argentine composer , musician and conductor prominent in the Tango genre .
David Dolan ( born 7 October 1979 ) is a British professional boxer who has competed at both heavyweight and cruiserweight .
Ann Coody ( December 12 , 1937 ) is a politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Héctor Guerra Garcia ( born August 6 , 1978 in Madrid ) is a Spanish cyclist and triathlete .
Leo Hershfield ( 1904 -- 1979 ) was a prominent American illustrator and a courtroom artist for NBC News .
Jason David Frank ( born September 4 , 1973 ) is an American actor and professional mixed martial artist notable for his portrayal of Tommy Oliver in Power Rangers .
Steven Schachter is an American television , theatre , and film director and screenwriter .
Vito Russo ( July 11 , 1946 -- November 7 , 1990 ) was an American LGBT activist , film historian and author who is best remembered as the author of the book The Celluloid Closet ( 1981 , revised edition 1987 ) .
Craig McGill is a writer , journalist and media analyst .
Frank Fontaine ( April 19 , 1920 -- August 4 , 1978 ) was an American stage , radio , film and television comedian and singer .
Vincent Paul Abbott , also known as `` Vinnie Paul '' ( born March 11 , 1964 ) is an American professional drummer and producer who is best known for being a former member , and co - founder , of the heavy metal band Pantera .
Wendel Bollman ( January 21 , 1814 -- 1884 ) was an American self - taught civil engineer , best known for his iron railway bridges .
Bruce Cowling ( October 30 , 1919 -- August 22 , 1986 ) was a film and television actor in the 1940s and 1950s .
Atiha Sen Gupta is a British playwright and screenwriter .
Richard Argall ( fl . 1621 ) , was a poet , of whom little is known .
Meyer Fortes ( 1906 - -1983 ) was a South African - born anthropologist , best known for his work among the Tallensi and Ashanti in Ghana .
Homam - e Tabrizi ( Persian : همام الدین تبریزی‎ ) or HOMĀM - AL - DIN B. ʿALĀʾ TABRIZI ( 1238/39 to 1314/1315 ) was an Persian poet of the Ilkhanid era .
Roger Creager ( born July 25 , 1971 ) is a Texas Country singer and songwriter .
Chen Chung Chang is a mathematician who works in model theory .
Zerrin Tekindor has a son with actor Çetin Tekindor .
Charles Bernstein ( born April 4 , 1950 ) is an American poet , essayist , editor , and literary scholar .
Billy Boyle is an Irish actor on British film , television and stage .
Leonard Mlodinow ( pronunciation : /məˈlɒdɨnoʊf/ ) is an American physicist , author and screenwriter .
Manuel Ugarte ( 1875 - -1951 ) was an Argentine author , writer and member of the Socialist Party .
Lillian Evanti ( August 12 , 1890 -- December 6 , 1967 ) , was an African - American opera singer .
Brother Brian Thorp was a British Roman Catholic Mill Hill missionary who was robbed and murdered in Africa , where he had spent decades working .
Evrim Demirel ( born November 17 , 1977 in Izmir ) is a Turkish composer and jazz pianist .
Larry Nesper is an American anthropologist specializing in the Ojibwe ( a.k.a . Chippewa ) people of northern Wisconsin .
Sharon Prabhakar ( born 4 August ) is an Indian pop singer , theatre personality and public speaker .
Josiah William Smith ( 3 April 1816 -- 10 April 1887 ) was an English barrister , legal writer and judge .
Theodore B. Fernald is a linguist and the chair of the Department of Linguistics at Swarthmore College .
Sara Josephine Baker ( November 15 , 1873 -- February 22 , 1945 ) was an American physician notable for making contributions to public health , especially in the immigrant communities of New York City .
Hazem Mohamed Ali ( also Hazem Mohamed , Arabic : حازم محمد علي‎ ; born September 20 , 1969 ) is an Egyptian sport shooter .
Johannes Gezelius the younger ( AD 1647 in Dorpat -- AD 1718 in Uppland ) , was a theologian , professor in The Royal Academy of Åbo and also superintendent of Livonia as his father had been .
Chi Coltrane ( Chi is pronounced `` shy '' ; born November 16 , 1948 ) is an American rock - pop - jazz songwriter , pianist , and singer .
Johnny Bratton , also known as Honey Boy Bratton , ( September 9 , 1927 -- August 15 , 1993 ) was an American professional boxer in the welterweight ( 147 lb ) division .
Kari Karhunen ( 1915 - -1992 ) was a probabilist and a mathematical statistician , of Finnish origin .
Chinnaponnu ( sometimes written Chinna Ponnu , or Chinnaponnu Kumar ) is a folk and playback singer from the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Diego de Aguilar ( active 1587 ) was a Spanish painter , of the Renaissance period , active in Toledo .
Mori Eskandani is a veteran cash game poker player who has amassed several live tournament winnings as well .
Karl Mahlburg is an American mathematician whose research interests lie in the areas of modular forms , partitions , combinatorics and number theory .
Steven Kunes ( born 1956 ) is an American screenwriter , author , playwright , con man , forger and plagiarist .
Anton Refregier ( March 20 , 1905 -- October 10 , 1979 ) a painter and muralist active in Works Progress Administration Federal Art Project commissions , and in teaching art . He was a Russian immigrant to the United States .
Antisthenes ( /ænˈtɪsθᵻniːz/ ; Greek : Ἀντισθένης ; c. 445 -- c. 365 BC ) was a Greek philosopher and a pupil of Socrates .
Steven Sater is an American poet , playwright , lyricist , television writer , and screenwriter .
Edward Charles Bowers ( born December 15 , 1845 in Westport , Colony of Nova Scotia - January 19 , 1929 ) was a politician , teacher and trader .
Luca Manca ( born c. 1980 ) is an Italian motorcycle racer who competes in rally raid events .
Rafiq Ahmed Jamali , ( Urdu : رفیق احمد جمالی ‎ ) is a Pakistani politician .
Rafael López Nussa ( 1885 - -1943 ) was a Puerto Rican physician and public servant .
Jim Massey is an American humorist , bookmaker , and comic book writer .
Helen Meles is a prominent Eritrean singer and actress .
Fu Kun - chi ( Chinese : 傅崐萁 ; pinyin : Fu Kūnqí ) is a Taiwanese politician .
Gerald J. Rip is a judge formerly serving as Chief Justice of the Tax Court of Canada .
Harry Suhl is a German - American physicist .
Frank Sheridan ( June 11 , 1869 -- November 24 , 1943 ) was an American actor of the silent and early sound film eras .
Declan Fanning ( born 24 June 1979 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler who played as right wing - back for the Tipperary senior team .
Peter Kuper ( born September 22 , 1958 ) is an American alternative cartoonist and illustrator , best known for his autobiographical , political , and social observations .
Irma von Cube ( 1899 -- 1977 ) was a German - American screenwriter .
Nabil El - Nayal , more commonly known as Nabil Nayal ( born 1985 in Aleppo , Syria ) is a Syrian - born British fashion designer .
Charles Burkhart is a retired musicologist , theorist , composer , and pianist .
Morgan Jon Fox ( born June 19 , 1979 ) is an American film director , and screenwriter from Memphis , Tennessee .
Ivan Timofeevich Kokorev ( Russian Иван Тимофеевич Кокорев ) ( September 6 , 1825 - June 14 , 1853 ) was a Russian writer .
Vincenzo Vela ( May 3 , 1820 - October 3 , 1891 ) was a Swiss sculptor , active mainly in northern Italy .
Carlos Alberto Taylhardat ( June 6 , 1921 , Santa Marta , Colombia - November 21 , 2011 ) , was a Venezuelan naval captain and diplomat .
Michael Benyaer ( born May 25 , 1970 ) is a Canadian / American actor , cartoon and video game voice actor and is probably best known for his roles as Hadji Singh in season one of The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest and Bob in the Canadian CGI series ReBoot , seasons 1 , 2 and 4 .
Veronika Kratochwil ( born September 9 , 1988 in Baden bei Wien ) is an Austrian springboard diver .
Josh Ritter ( born October 21 , 1976 ) is an American singer - songwriter , guitarist and author who performs and records with The Royal City Band .
Marilyn Sadler is a children 's writer with a deadpan sense of humor .
Jagjit Chadha is an English economist who is currently Professor and Chair in Money and Banking in the Department of Economics at the University of Kent , Professor of Commerce at Gresham College , Chair of the Money , Macro and Finance Research Group and a specialist adviser to the Treasury Select Committee .
Marlowe Morris ( May 16 , 1915 -- May 28 , 1978 ) was an American jazz pianist and organist .
Suzanne D'Mello , formerly known as Suzie Q , is Indian playback singer of Bollywood films and other regional films .
Tim Hollings ( born December 27 , 1951 - died September 17 , 2006 ) was a Canadian cinematographer and news cameraman who is best known for his work on David Winning 's first feature film Storm .
Girolamo da Cremona , also known as Girolamo de'Corradi , ( fl . 1451 - -1483 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter , illuminator and miniaturist of manuscripts and early printed books .
Butch Walker began 2008 by setting out many dates for new songs , DVDs , new albums both with the band 1969 , which he is the bassist and lead singer for , and also a solo record titled Sycamore Meadows .
Jay Wilsey ( February 6 , 1896 -- October 25 , 1961 ) was an American film actor ( born Wilbert Jay Wilsey ) .
Bo Hampton ( born 1954 ) is an American comic book and cartoon artist .
Ashfaque Munier ( September 24 , 1959 -- August 13 , 2011 ; known as Mishuk Munier ) was a Bangladeshi media specialist and broadcast journalist .
Shannon Thunderbird is a Coast Tsimshian First Nations singer - songwriter , speaker , educator , recording artist , playwright , and author .
Rusty Draper ( born Farrell H. Draper ; January 25 , 1923 -- March 28 , 2003 ) was an American country and pop singer who achieved his greatest success in the 1950s .
Donna Adamek ( born February 1 , 1957 in Duarte , California USA ) is an American tenpin bowler who was named Bowler of the Year on the WIBC Tour four times ( 1978 - -1981 ) .
Leopold Godowsky , Jr. ( May 27 , 1900 - February 18 , 1983 ) was an American violinist and chemist , who together with Leopold Mannes created the first practical color transparency film , Kodachrome .
Jacob Schumacher was an architect and engineer who later served as a United States diplomat .
Allan Hyde ( Born December 20 , 1989 ) is a Danish actor .
Dominique de Caen ( May 11 , 1956 -- June 25 , 2002 ) was a mathematician , Doctor of Mathematics , and professor of Mathematics , who specialized in graph theory , probability , and information theory .
Nelson Pessoa Filho ( born December 16 , 1935 ) is a Brazilian equestrian who competed in the sport of Show jumping .
Mohammad Tauqir Khan ( Arabic : توقير محمد‎ ; born January 14 , 1972 in Dubai ) is a United Arab Emirates cricketer .
Patrick Rouble is a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Southern Lakes in the Yukon Legislative Assembly from 2002 to 2011 , serving as the Minister of Education and Minister of Energy , Mines and Resources .
Sleep Dank , also known as Sleep Da Danker or Sleepdank , is an American rapper signed to the late Mac Dre 's label Thizz Entertainment .
Emmanuelle Vaugier ( born June 23 , 1976 ) is a Canadian film and television actress , and model .
Denis Lebel , PC , MP ( born May 26 , 1954 , in Roberval , Quebec ) is a Canadian federal politician and former mayor of Roberval , Quebec and is currently the Deputy Leader of the Federal Opposition .
Robert Dick Wilson ( February 4 , 1856 -- October 11 , 1930 ) was an American linguist and Presbyterian scholar who devoted his life to prove the reliability of the Hebrew Bible .
Nick Stagliano is a film director and producer .
Seymour Kneitel ( March 16 , 1908 -- July 30 , 1964 ) was an American animator .
Isao Kikuchi ( born December 9 , 1921 ) is a graphic designer , painter , carver , illustrator .
Gregory Stock is a biophysicist , best - selling author , biotech entrepreneur , and the former director of the Program on Medicine , Technology and Society at UCLA 's School of Medicine .
Sanders Anne Laubenthal ( December 25 , 1943 -- May 15 , 2002 ) was an American poet , novelist , historian and textbook writer .
Reza Amrollahi ( in Persian : رضا امراللهی ) is a physicist and professor .
Verner Clarges ( January 9 , 1846 -- August 11 , 1911 ) was an American actor of stage and the silent era .
David Lee McInnis ( born December 12 , 1973 ) is an American actor based in Los Angeles and New York .
Luigia Bozzini or Candida Luigia Bozzini ( 19th century ) was an Italian painter , mainly in Piacenza and mainly depicting religious subjects .
Esther Salas ( born December 29 , 1968 ) is a federal district judge for the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey sitting in Newark , New Jersey .
St. Claude de la Colombière , S.J. , was a Jesuit priest and the confessor of St. Margaret Mary Alacoque , V.H.M. His feast day is the day of his death , 15 February .
Heidi Cortez ( born March 11 , 1981 ) is an American entrepreneur ( business owner , model , producer , writer , & manager ) .
Volin was a prolific writer and anarchist intellectual who played an important part in the organization and leadership of Nabat .
Kevin Shillington is a teacher and a freelance historian based in London , England , United Kingdom .
Cletis Carr ( born August 4 , 1959 ) is a singer - songwriter , guitarist and record producer .
Camila Grey ( Camila Cristinna Gutierrez ; born January 6 , 1979 ) is a Los Angeles based musician currently performing in the duo Uh Huh Her .
Neil Blackmore is a British novelist who had a success in Germany and other countries in the 1990s and 2000s with his first two novels , Soho Blues and Der Himmel über Damaskus .
Wafande Pierre Jolivel Zahor ( born January 21 , 1983 ) , better known by his mononym Wafande is a Danish reggae , soul singer and songwriter .
James Mackson McMichael ( December 14 , 1870 -- October 3 , 1944 ) , known as James M. McMichael was an American architect .
Sali Hughes is a Welsh journalist , writer and broadcaster .
Samantha Arsenault ( born October 11 , 1981 ) , later known by her married name Samantha Livingstone , is an American former competition swimmer and Olympic champion .
Edmund Hugh Hodgkinson was a British bicycle inventor who in 1896 patented the Gradient three - speed gear changing system , one of the very earliest proposals for a derailleur .
James McSherry , Jr. ( July 29 , 1819 -- July 13 , 1869 ) was an American lawyer and writer .
Blanche Ring ( April 24 , 1871 -- January 13 , 1961 ) , was an American singer and actress in Broadway theatre productions , musicals , and Hollywood motion pictures .
Candy Jones , originally known as Jessica Arline Wilcox ( December 31 , 1925 -- January 18 , 1990 ) , was an American fashion model , writer and radio talk show hostess .
Donald Mahler is an American ballet dancer , choreographer and stage director .
Paulo Pinheiro is a Brazilian American computer scientist working in the areas of provenance and semantic web in support of sciences .
Greg Allen ( born 27 October 1947 ) was an Australian rugby league player for the Cronulla - Sutherland Sharks in the New South Wales Rugby League competition .
Laurel Touby is an American journalist and investor .
Ducky DooLittle ( born June 3 , 1970 , in Fridley , Minnesota ) is a sex educator , performer , writer , former peepshow girl , and sexual assault and violence intervention counselor in the New York City area .
Jonathan Twingley is an American author , artist and illustrator .
Jaye Davidson ( born Alfred Amey ; March 21 , 1968 ) is an American - born British model and retired actor .
Charles Munn ( March 17 , 1887 in Osseo , Minnesota -- January 31 , 1973 ) was a Minnesota Farmer - Laborite politician and a Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives .
Brian Melo ( born August 15 , 1982 ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter from Hamilton , Ontario who was the winner of the fifth season of Canadian Idol in 2007 .
George Hennessey ( October 28 , 1907 in Slatington , Pennsylvania -- January 15 , 1988 in Princeton , New Jersey ) was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1937 to 1945 .
Vincuk Viačorka ( Belarusian : Вінцук Вячорка , ( vʲinˈtsuk vʲaˈtʂorka ) , born July 7 , 1961 ) is a Belarusian linguist , politician and former leader ( 1999 - -2007 ) of the Belarusian National Front ( BNF ) , a Belarusian opposition party .
Richard Nancekivell was a Cornish rugby union player who competed in the Cornwall County team .
Josef Madlener ( 1881 - -1967 ) was a German artist , illustrator , and writer .
Franky G ( born Frank Gonzales ; October 30 , 1965 ) , is an American film and television actor .
Sheikh Tushar Imran ( born December 10 , 1983 ) is a cricketer from Bangladesh who has represented his country in 4 Test matches and 37 One Day International .
Timothy Stack ( born November 21 , 1956 ) is an American film and television actor and screenwriter .
Jamyangiin Urantögs ( Mongolian : Жамъянгийн Урантөгс ) is a Mongolian singer .
Billy Rayes was an American actor , juggler and mimic .
Linda Yellin is an American memoirist , novelist , and humorist .
Alain Seletto ( born March 20 , 1977 ) is an Italian ski mountaineer and alpine skier .
Øystein Sunde became a part of the musician social environment in the capital , and he could often be found at the singer 's club Dolphins with talented people like Kari Svendsen , Lillebjørn Nilsen , Ole Paus , Finn Kalvik and Hege Tunaal .
Jay Novello ( August 22 , 1904 -- September 2 , 1982 ) was an American radio , film , and television character actor .
Ann Bauer ( born March 11 , 1966 ) is an American essayist and novelist .
Eugenio Morales Agacino ( March 15 , 1914 -- March 9 , 2002 ) was a Spanish entomologist and naturalist , named honorary doctorate by the Autonomous University of Madrid .
James Bennett Griffin ( also known as Jimmy Griffin ) ( January 12 , 1905 -- May 17 , 1997 ) was an American archaeologist .
Melba Pattillo Beals ( born December 7 , 1941 ) is a journalist and member of the Little Rock Nine , a group of African - American students who were the first to integrate Central High in Little Rock , Arkansas .
John Lumia is an American actor , and sub - culture solo artist and performer , best known for his solo shows .
Joe Spinell ( born Joseph J. Spagnuolo ; October 28 , 1936 -- January 13 , 1989 ) was an American character actor , who appeared in numerous films in the 1970s and 1980s , as well as various stage productions on and off Broadway .
Hsu Fu - kuan or Xu Fuguan ( Chinese : 徐復觀 ) ; 1902/1903 -- 1982 ) was a Chinese intellectual and historian who made notable contributions to Confucian studies .
Gabriela Aguileta Estrada is an award winning Mexican writer of children 's books and short stories .
Wes Kittley ( born in Rule , Texas ) is the current head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders men 's and women 's track and field teams .
Leneuoti Matusi is a Tuvaluan politician and former civil servant who was elected as an Independent MP for the Nui constituency in a 2013 by - election , having previously served as the Secretary of the Nui Falekaupule .
Paul Bucy ( /ˈbjuːsi/ ; November 13 , 1904 -- September 22 , 1992 ) was an American neurosurgeon and neuropathologist who was a native of Hubbard , Iowa .
John Milligan - Whyte ( born in Pasadena USA on February 17 , 1952 ) is a businessman , lawyer and moral and political philosopher , who China 's official media refer to as the `` new Edgar Snow '' and the `` twenty - first century Kissinger . ''
April Stevens ( born Carol LoTempio ; April 29 , 1936 ) is an American singer .
The Boucicaut Master or Master of the Hours for Marshal Boucicaut was an anonymous French or Flemish miniaturist and illuminator active between 1400 and 1430 in Paris .
Mike McLellan ( born September 4 , 1981 in Toronto , Ontario ) is an indoor lacrosse player for the Edmonton Rush in the National Lacrosse League and an outdoor lacrosse player formerly of the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse .
David W. Krause is a Canadian - born vertebrate paleontologist currently working as a Distinguished Service Professor at the Stony Brook University Department of Anatomical Sciences .
Giovanni Andrea Cornia ( born 9 April 1947 ) , is a development economist .
José Felipe Mariano Gálvez ( ca . 1794 -- March 29 , 1862 in Mexico ) was a jurist and Liberal politician in Guatemala .
Georgios Salavantakis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Σαλαβαντάκης ; born September 10 , 1970 in Chania , Crete ) is a Greek sport shooter .
Adam Pearce ( born June 24 , 1978 ) is an American retired professional wrestler who is currently working as a trainer at the WWE Performance Center .
Jacob Chandy , was an Indian neurosurgeon and teacher of medical sciences .
Robert Venable is a producer , mixer , and engineer , currently based in Nashville , TN .
Eric Guinivan ( born 1984 ) is a percussionist , composer , founding member of the Los Angeles Percussion Quartet , and was principal timpanist of the YMF Debut Orchestra .
Ani DiFranco ( /ˈɑːniː/ ; born Angela Maria DiFranco ; September 23 , 1970 ) is an American singer , multi - instrumentalist , poet , songwriter and businesswoman .
Rudy Nebres ( born January 14 , 1937 ) is a Filipino comics artist who has worked mostly as an inker in the American comic book industry .
As described by Stuart Mason : `` On her new release Come Sunrise , singer - songwriter Rita Hosking reflects her upbringing in rural Shasta County .
Tim Crow FMedSci is a British psychiatrist and researcher from Oxford .
Melissa Steel is a British reggae and pop singer from Bradford , England .
Lynn Harris is a feminist journalist , essayist , and author who lives in Brooklyn , NY .
Raffaello del Brescianino or Dei Piccinelli was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active in Siena .
Awais Zia ( Urdu : اويس ضياء‎ ; born 1 September 1986 ) is a Pakistani cricketer .
Anselmo Duarte ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐ̃ˈsɛwmu duˈaʁtʃi ) ; April 21 , 1920 -- November 7 , 2009 ) was a Brazilian actor , screenwriter and film director .
Dick Vance ( November 28 , 1915 - July 1 , 1985 ) was an American jazz trumpeter and arranger .
Jordan Young ( born 14 December 1984 ) , known professionally as DJ Swivel , is a Grammy Award winning Canadian music producer , mixer , audio engineer , and DJ . He is a prominent audio engineer best known for working with Beyoncé as her personal recording engineer .
Robert Boon ( October 26 , 1916 -- January 13 , 2015 ) was a Dutch - born American film , television , and theater actor .
Jim Infantino is an American singer - songwriter and leader of the band Jim 's Big Ego , as well as being a graphic designer , web designer , poet , bartender and stalwart of the Boston folk scene .
John Allen Wilcox ( April 18 , 1819 -- February 7 , 1864 ) was a politician from Mississippi and Texas who served in the United States House of Representatives in the early 1850s and then in the Confederate Congress during the American Civil War .
Josef Szombathy born Szombathy József ( 1853 - -1943 ) was an Hungarian - Austrian archaeologist ; he was present when the Venus of Willendorf was discovered in 1908 .
Whitney Peyton is an American rapper from the outskirts of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Ludwig Immanuel Magnus ( March 15 , 1790 - -September 25 , 1861 ) was a German Jewish mathematician who , in 1831 , published a paper about the inversion transformation , which leads to inversive geometry .
Aaron Sprinkle is an American musician , singer , songwriter , and record producer from Seattle , Washington .
Georgi Palazov ( Bulgarian : Георги Палазов ; born February 4 , 1980 in Burgas ) is a Bulgarian former swimmer , who specialized in butterfly and medley events .
Mark Mussler ( September 10 , 1954 -- December 9 , 1987 ) was a singer , make - up artist , and original member of the disco group Village People .
Nick Pelling is a British - born computer programmer and inventor , best known for a series of 1980s computer games for the BBC Micro and Commodore 64 written under the nom - de - plume Orlando M. Pilchard .
D. Pandian is an Indian politician and former Member of Parliament elected from Tamil Nadu .
Aglaia Kremezi ( Αγλαΐα Κρεμέζη ) is a Greek food writer and journalist , often considered `` one of Greece 's foremost cooking authorities '' .
Monika Sprüth is a German art dealer , co - owner of Sprüth Magers in Berlin and London , along with Philomene Magers .
Luis Villalobos ( November 5 , 1938 -- October 1 , 2009 ) was an engineer , entrepreneur and angel investor credited with founding the angel investing organization Tech Coast Angels in 1997 .
James Davison Hunter ( born 1955 ) is an American sociologist who is the LaBrosse - Levinson Distinguished Professor of Religion , Culture , and Social Theory at the University of Virginia and a Distinguished Visiting Scholar at Baylor University .
Ang Ui - jin ( Chinese : 洪惟仁 ; pinyin : Hóng Wéirén ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Âng Ûi - jîn ) ( born June 16 , 1946 ) is a Taiwanese linguist .
Jeff Atwood is an American software developer , author , blogger , and entrepreneur .
Mary Ellen Avery ( May 6 , 1927 -- December 4 , 2011 ) was an American pediatrician .
Joe Brandt ( July 20 , 1882 - February 22 , 1939 ) was an American publicist , screenwriter , editor , film producer , and general manager .
Dr. Chandler McCuskey Brooks ( December 18 , 1905 - -November 29 , 1989 ) was an American physiologist notable for his research on the relationships between the central nervous and endocrine systems .
Herschel McCoy ( August 6 , 1912 - February 3 , 1956 ) was a costume designer who first began designing costumes for Hollywood films in 1936 .
Alfred Kern ( August 8 , 1924 -- June 2 , 2009 ) was an American novelist and professor .
Martha Rountree ( October 23 , 1911 -- August 23 , 1999 ) was an American pioneering broadcast journalist and entrepreneur .
Matt Harrigan is an American television writer , producer , and voice actor who is best known for his work on shows like the Late Show with David Letterman and Celebrity Deathmatch .
David Cross ( born April 4 , 1964 ) is an American stand - up comedian , actor , writer , and voice artist , known primarily for his standup work , the HBO sketch comedy series Mr. Show , and his role as Tobias Fünke in the sitcom Arrested Development .
Anselme Chiasson ( January 3 , 1911 -- April 25 , 2004 ) was a Catholic priest , educator and writer in New Brunswick .
Chris Segar is a Welsh television presenter best known for presenting the consumer affairs programme The Ferret since 1996 .
Alphonse Antonio de Sarasa was a Jesuit mathematician who contributed to the understanding of logarithms , particularly as areas under a hyperbola .
Clarence Kummer ( August 8 , 1899 - December 18 , 1930 ) was a U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey who won four American Classic Races .
Anastasia Gloushkov ( born May 24 , 1985 ) is an Israeli Olympic synchronized swimmer .
William Douglas , 1st Duke of Queensberry PC ( 1637 - -1695 ) , also 3rd Earl of Queensberry and 1st Marquess of Queensberry , was a Scottish politician .
Bronwen Weber ( born Calgary , Alberta ) is a pastry chef and renowned cake decorator based in Dallas , Texas .
Howard Hayes Scullard ( February 9 , 1903 -- March 31 , 1983 ) FBA , FSA was a British historian specializing in ancient history , notable for editing the Oxford Classical Dictionary and for his many books .
Andy Culligan is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player .
Yang Tingzhong ( Chinese : 杨廷忠 ) is a scholar in social medicine , a behaviorist and sociologist .
Joseph Shallit ( February 7 , 1915 - -June 13 , 1995 ) was an American mystery novelist and science fiction author .
Cyrus Townsend Brady ( December 20 , 1861 -- January 24 , 1920 ) was a journalist , historian and adventure writer .
James Devitt ( born October 12 , 1928 ) is a former American politician and businessman .
Goree Chester Carter or Christer Carter ( December 31 , 1930 -- December 29 , 1990 ) , known as Goree Carter , was an American singer , guitarist , drummer , songwriter and soldier .
Tim Horner ( born August 19 , 1959 ) is a professional wrestler , best known as one half of The Lightning Express , with Brad Armstrong .
George Frederick Boyle ( June 29 , 1886 -- June 20 , 1948 ) was an Australian , later American pianist , composer and pedagogue .
Agustin Cueva Davila ( Ibarra , September 23 , 1937 -- Quito , May 1 , 1992 ) was an Ecuadorian writer , literary critic , and sociologist .
Léopold Angrand ( October 16 , 1859 -- October 7 , 1906 ) was a Senegalese politician and a noble descendant of Métis signare Goree .
Michel Qissi ( Arabic : ميشيل قصي‎ ; born Mohammed Qissi on 12 September 1962 ) is a Moroccan - Belgian actor , perhaps best known for his role as Tong Po in the 1989 martial arts film Kickboxer .
Philip Southern is a freelance prize - winning photographer from Warren , Michigan .
Estienne Grossin ( or Grossim ) ( fl . 1418 - -1421 ) was a French composer of the late Medieval era and early Renaissance , active in Paris .
Eliécer Cárdenas Espinosa ( Cañar , December 10 , 1950 ) is an Ecuadorian novelist .
Théodore Jean Arcand , LL.D. ( born June 25 , 1934 in Bonnyville , Alberta , Canada ) is a former Canadian diplomat .
Virginia Haviland ( May 21 , 1911 -- January 6 , 1988 ) was an American librarian and writer who became an international authority in children 's literature .
Carmen Hermosillo ( died August 10 , 2008 ) , A.K.A. humdog , was a community manager / research analyst , essayist , and poet .
Wace is the earliest known Jersey writer .
Mantreswara was a Hindu astrologer whose work , Phaladeepika , written in Sanskrit verse - format , is a major text on Hindu astrology ranked alongside Bṛhat Parāśara Horāśāstra of Parashara , Brihat Jataka of Varahamihira , and Jataka Parijata of Vaidyanatha Dikshita .
Cliff Dorfman is an American screenwriter , film director and actor best known for his work on HBO 's Entourage and the 2011 feature film Warrior .
Kelly Sheehan ( born July 26 , 1983 ) , also known as `` Madame Buttons '' , is a songwriter and recording engineer from Los Angeles .
Herbert Paul Grice ( March 13 , 1913 -- August 28 , 1988 ) , usually publishing under the name H. P. Grice , H. Paul Grice , or Paul Grice , was a British philosopher of language , who spent the final two decades of his career in the United States .
Mel Atkey ( born June 16 , 1958 in Ladner , British Columbia ) is a Canadian - born , English - emigrated musical theatre composer and lyricist .
Matteo Marchisano - Adamo ( born February 19 , 1973 ) is an American sound designer , film editor , composer .
Shanti Thatal ( Nepali : शान्ति ठटाल ) is a Nepali music composer and singer .
Clifford Bañagale is a Philippine - U.S. actor who is best known for his role as Diesel , Sacha Baron Cohen 's boyfriend in the movie Brüno .
Manuel G. Posadas was an Afro - Argentine musician , journalist and Argentine soldier in the nineteenth century .
Shirley Silvey ( December 5 , 1927 -- July 17 , 2010 ) was an American animator , whose credits included Mr. Magoo , The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show , Dudley Do - Right Show and George of the Jungle .
Ed Kerns ( February 22 , 1945 ) is an American abstract artist and educator .
The Master of the Registrum Gregorii , also known as the Registrum Master or the Gregory Master , was an anonymous tenth - century scribe and illuminator , active in Trier during the episcopate of Egbert of Trier .
Dr. István Ács ( born September 18 , 1928 ) is a Hungarian jurist and politician , who served as the last Chairman of the Council of Debrecen between October 11 , 1966 and December 31 , 1989 .
Samir D. Mathur is a theoretical physicist who specializes in string theory and black hole physics .
Charles Kittel ( born July 18 , 1916 in New York ) is an American physicist .
Jenna von Oÿ ( born May 2 , 1977 ) is an American actress and country music singer .
Tiziano Vecelli or Tiziano Vecellio ( pronounced ( titˈtsjaːno veˈtʃɛlljo ) ; c. 1488/1490 -- 27 August 1576 ) , known in English as Titian /ˈtɪʃən/ , was an Italian painter , the most important member of the 16th - century Venetian school .
John of Jandun ( French Jean de Jandun , Johannes von Jandun , or Johannes de Janduno , circa 1285 - -1323 ) was a French philosopher , theologian , and political writer .
John Malachi ( September 6 , 1919 -- February 11 , 1987 ) was an American jazz pianist .
Marco Gonthier is a Canadian darts player who participated in many Quebec and Halifax Opens .
Musa Sukwene is a South African singer who won the ninth season of Idols South Africa in 2013 .
Diane Falkenhagen is an American artist metalsmith living and working in Texas .
Augustus John Rush M.D. ( born December 15 , 1942 ) is an internationally renowned psychiatrist .
Jack Moline ( born August 10 , 1952 ) is an American Conservative rabbi who has served as Executive Director of Interfaith Alliance since January 2015 .
Leon Jessel , or Léon Jessel ( January 22 , 1871 -- January 4 , 1942 ) was a German composer of operettas and light classical music pieces .
Rosario La Mastra ( 1 February 1984 ) is an Italian sprinter .
Bogs are sometimes a popular setting for plays that take place in northern parts of the world such as Ireland and Scotland , like in the play By the Bog of Cats by author Marina Carr .
Prof . Dr. Dieter Fenske is a German inorganic chemist .
Bart Carlton was an American standout college basketball player at Ada Teachers College ( later named East Central University ) in Ada , Oklahoma during the early 1930s .
Joseph P. Mawra was an American film director and scriptwriter .
Walter Dröscher is a physicist who worked at the Austrian Patent office ( Österreichisches Patentamt ) .
Paolo Barzman ( born April 9 , 1957 ) is a Canadian film , television director , and television writer .
Florence Knoll Bassett ( born May 24 , 1917 ) is an American architect and furniture designer who studied under Mies van der Rohe and Eliel Saarinen .
Abd ol - Baghi Tabrizi ( Persian : عبدالباقی تبریزی‎‎ ) was a prominent Iranian calligrapher during the reign of Safavid dynasty .
Edgar Daniel Nixon , Jr. ( August 1 , 1928 -- February 28 , 2011 ) , better known by his stage name Nick LaTour , was an American television , film , and stage actor .
Ray Billingsley ( born July 25 , 1957 ) is an American cartoonist , the creator of the comic strip Curtis , which is distributed by King Features Syndicate and printed in more than 250 newspapers nationwide .
Durga Prasad Dhar ( 1918 - -1975 ) was a prominent Kashmiri politician and an Indian diplomat who was a confidant of Indira Gandhi .
Thomas John Bisika is a social demographer and public health specialist , diplomat , and health systems specialist at World Health Organization in Nigeria .
Carol Montag is an American folk singer - songwriter , who was born in Ames , Iowa , United States .
Quintus Sulpicius Camerinus was a Roman statesman and poet who served as Consul in AD 9 .
As a journalist , Dean Kalimniou is popular within the Greek community of Australia through his column in the Melbourne Greek newspaper Neos Kosmos ( New World ) , entitled Diatribe , which has been running since 2001 , and as a regular columnist in OPA ! magazine .
Guglielmo Papaleo ( September 19 , 1922 -- November 23 , 2006 ) was an American professional boxer , better known as Willie Pep who held the World Featherweight championship twice between the years of 1947 and 1950 .
Antoni `` Antek '' Cierplikowski ( 1884 -- 1976 ) was a Polish hairdresser who became the world 's first celebrity hairdresser when he opened the salon Antoine de Paris in Paris and became known as Monsieur Antoine .
Ervin Bauer ( October 19 , 1890 , Levoča -- January 11 , 1938 Leningrad ) was a Hungarian biologist .
Jan Fryling ( born October 8 , 1891 in Lwów , died March 3 , 1977 in New York City ) was a Polish diplomat , writer , journalist and president of the Józef Piłsudski Institute of America in the years 1972 - 1977 .
John B. Hoge ( February 2 , 1825 -- March 1 , 1896 ) was a journalist , lawyer , and Democratic politician who served as a United States Representative from West Virginia .
Klaus Ebner ( b. August 8 , 1964 ) is an Austrian writer , essayist , poet , and translator .
Len Janson is an American animator , writer and director whose career in animated cartoons and live - action motion pictures spanned several decades beginning in the 1960s .
Joseph Grinnell ( 1877 - -1939 ) was an American field biologist and zoologist .
Hartmut Esslinger ( born June 5 , 1944 ) is a German - American industrial designer and inventor .
George Tabori ( May 24 , 1914 -- July 23 , 2007 ) was a Hungarian writer and theater director .
Stathis Giallelis ( Greek : Στάθης Γιαλελής ; born January 21 , 1941 ) is a Greek actor .
Fannie Hurst ( October 19 , 1885 , -- February 23 , 1968 ) was an American novelist .
Luc Donckerwolke , ( born June 19 , 1965 ) is a Belgian car designer for Hyundai 's Genesis luxury brand and former Design Director of Volkswagen Group 's Bentley , Lamborghini and Audi .
Daljeet Singh ( born 14 October 1995 ) is a Hong Kong - born cricketer T20 cricketer who plays for the Hong Kong national cricket team .
Harry Langley was an architect of the National Park Service .
Johanna Knoll is a retired German rower who won a bronze medal in the quad sculls at the 1957 European Championships .
Joe Douglas ( born 1983 ) is a British theatre director , playwright and performer based in Scotland .
Rev Alexander McCaul ( May 16 , 1799 -- November 13 , 1863 ) was an Irish Hebraist and missionary to the Jews .
Sabina Hafner ( sometimes misspelled Sabrina Hafner , born May 10 , 1984 ) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed from 2003 to 2012 .
Lewis Perdue ( born 1949 at Greenwood , Mississippi ) is the author of 20 published books including Daughter of God , and The Da Vinci Legacy .
Lynn Miles ( born Sweetsburg , Quebec ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter .
Marcia Young ( née Williams ) is a Canadian broadcast journalist and host of World Report , a national current events program on CBC Radio .
Elmer Dyer , A.S.C. ( August 24 , 1892 -- February 8 , 1970 ) was an American cinematographer , the first film cameraman to specialize in aerial photography .
Li Yuchun ( Chinese : 李宇春 ; pinyin : Lǐ Yǔchūn ) , also known as Chris Lee , is a Chinese pop singer and actress who achieved fame when she won the nationwide singing contest Super Girl in 2005 .
Robert Klein ( born February 8 , 1942 ) is an American stand - up comedian , singer and actor .
John Duane Park ( born Preston , Connecticut , April 26 , 1819 ; died Norwich , Connecticut , August 4 , 1896 ) was a lawyer , judge , and Chief Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court .
Terry Deglau is the portrait photographer chosen by the United Nations to take the group photo of the world 's leaders at the 2000 United Nations Millennium Project in New York .
Emily Williams ( born 8 October 1984 ) is a New Zealand - born Australian singer and songwriter , who rose to fame on the third season of Australian Idol in 2005 , and became runner - up of the season .
Benjamin A. Rogge ( June 18 , 1920 -- November 17 , 1980 ) was an American economist , college administrator , and libertarian writer , speaker and foundation advisor .
Ann Fienup - Riordan ( born 1948 ) is an American cultural anthropologist known for her work with Yup'ik Eskimo peoples of western Alaska , particularly on Nelson Island and the Yukon - Kuskokwim Delta .
Ira Block ( born 1949 , in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American photographer .
Vicente Carattini ( November 11 , 1939 -- November 7 , 2005 ) , was a singer and composer of Puerto Rican Christmas related songs .
Pentti Oskari Kangas ( born May 20 , 1943 ) is a Finnish singer popularized by a cover of the Rod Stewart song `` Da Ya Think I 'm Sexy ? '' featuring Seitsemän seinähullua veljestä .
Nell I. Mondy ( October 27 , 1921 - August 25 , 2005 ) was an American biochemist known for her expertise regarding the potato .
Patrick Schmit ( born 1 November 1974 ) is a Luxembourgish retired competitive figure skater .
Angela McCluskey is a Scottish singer - songwriter based in California .
Monica Lewis ( born May Lewis ; May 5 , 1922 -- June 12 , 2015 ) was an American jazz singer and film actress .
Conny Czymoch is a German journalist , television moderator , media coach and conference facilitator .
Qushawan Farrar ( born June 18 , 1989 ) , better known by his stage name Deniro Farrar , is a rapper from Charlotte , North Carolina .
Ophelia Alcantara Dimalanta ( June 16 , 1932 -- November 4 , 2010 ) was a poet , editor , author , and teacher .
Jana McCall is an American singer - songwriter and visual artist from the Pacific Northwest .
Slim Willet ( Winston Lee Moore , December 1 , 1919 , Dublin , Texas -- July 1 , 1966 ) was an American disc jockey , musician , and songwriter .
Chris Davidson is a professional surfer , having won several gold medals .
Emma - Jayne Wilson ( born September 1 , 1981 ) is a Sovereign and Eclipse Award - winning jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing .
Kathleen Sharp is an American author and award - winning journalist .
Rico Puestel , also known as Dinamoe , Elco and Central Scrutinizer , is a German record producer , live - act , DJ and labelowner .
Abdel Rahman El Bacha ( Arabic : عبد الرحمن الباشا‎ , born October 23 , 1958 ) is a Lebanese pianist and composer .
Robert Milligan McLane ( June 23 , 1815 -- April 16 , 1898 ) was an American politician , military officer , and diplomat .
Lillian Fuchs ( November 18 , 1901 -- October 5 , 1995 ) , an American violist , teacher and composer , is considered to be among the finest instrumentalists of her time .
Shoshanna Lonstein Gruss ( born May 29 , 1975 ) is an American fashion designer and the founder and creative director of the fashion label Shoshanna , which was launched in 1998 .
Shanice Lorraine Wilson - Knox ( born May 14 , 1973 ) , better known as Shanice , is a Grammy - nominated American R&B / pop - rock singer , songwriter , and actress .
Stelios Mainas ( Greek : Στέλιος Μάινας ; born October 1 , 1957 in Ermoupoli , Syros ) is a Greek actor .
Lincoln Clark ( August 9 , 1800 -- September 16 , 1886 ) was a lawyer and one - term Democratic U.S. Representative from Iowa 's 2nd congressional district .
Dr. Hugh E. Scully is a Canadian surgeon involved with motorsport .
Johnny Khamis is an American politician from San Jose , California and a current member of the San Jose City Council , representing District 10 .
Patric Caird is a film and television composer and musician .
His father is a karaoke singer and as the crowds at the karaoke bars in the small fishing villages they were touring had problems pronouncing his name they came to call him Mugison .
Finis J. Garrett ( August 26 , 1875 - May 25 , 1956 ) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 9th congressional district of Tennessee .
Tuck Langland is a sculptor who lives in Granger , Indiana .
Jay Santos is a Colombian vocalist and singer of electro house dance music and reggaeton .
Carlos Rangel ( 1929 - -1988 ) was a Venezuelan writer , a liberal , journalist and diplomat .
Keith Glover FRS , FREng , FIEEE is a British electrical engineer .
Richard St. Clair ( born September 21 , 1946 ) is an American composer , pedagogue , and pianist .
Yvette Devereaux is an American violinist , conductor and Director at the South Pasadena Music Center and Conservatory in Pasadena , California .
Crantor ( Greek : Κράντωρ , gen . : Κράντορος ; died 276/5 BC ) was a Greek philosopher , of the Old Academy , probably born around the middle of the 4th century BC , at Soli in Cilicia .
Apa Saheb Bala Saheb Pant , also known as Apa Pant , was an Indian Prince ( the son of the tenth ruler of the Aundh State ) , gandhian , writer , freedom fighter and diplomat .
Elizabeth Brown Pryor ( March 15 , 1951 -- April 13 , 2015 ) was an American diplomat and historian .
Daniel Lentz ( born March 10 , 1942 , Latrobe , Pennsylvania ) is a classical electronic music composer .
Elise Cavanna ( January 30 , 1902 -- May 12 , 1963 ) was an American film actress , stage comedian , dancer , and artist .
James Keach ( born December 7 , 1947 ) is an American actor , producer , and director .
Pekka T. Lehtinen is a Finnish arachnologist and taxonomist .
Garrett Backstrom ( born October 25 , 1995 ) is an American actor , best known for his roles as Vincent Liotta in the Disney hit show Jessie and Ethan in Disney XD 's Lab Rats .
Rik Barnett ( born 20 March 1990 ) is an English actor , and the 2010 winner of the best supporting actor award from Ibiza International Film Festival , for his work in Rebels Without a Clue .
Daniel Brummel ( born September 15 , 1981 in Pasadena , California ) is an American singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , and record producer who has performed and recorded with the musical groups Sanglorians , Ozma , Weezer , Scott & Rivers , Spain , Gowns , Monstro , and The Elected .
Aeneas of Gaza ( d. c. 518 ) was a Neo - Platonic philosopher , a convert to Christianity , who flourished towards the end of the fifth century .
Henry H. Holt ( March 27 , 1831 -- 1898 ) was a politician from the U. S. state of Michigan .
Levan Mikeladze ( Georgian : ლევან მიქელაძე ) ( February 26 , 1957 -- April 26 , 2009 ) was a Georgian diplomat and politician .
Lucien Southard ( 1827 , Sharon , Vermont - 1881 , Augusta , Georgia ) was an American conductor , who directed concerts at the Peabody Institute following the tenure of James Monroe Deems .
Cecilio Salazar maternal surname Caceres ( born December 9 , 1954 ) is an Argentine trade unionist and politician .
Jonathan Gruber , more commonly known as J. Mackye Gruber , is an American screenwriter and film director , probably best known for co - writing Final Destination 2 and co - writing and co - directing The Butterfly Effect .
Eva Ritvo is an American television and radio personality , author , and psychiatrist most noted for her work on women 's empowerment issues and self - help books .
Jesús Gardea Rocha ( July 2 , 1939 -- March 12 , 2000 ) was a Mexican writer of fiction and short fiction .
David Andrew Roy White , also known as David A. R. White ( born May 12 , 1970 ) , is an American actor , screenwriter and producer .
Kenya D. Williamson is an American novelist , short fiction author , screenwriter and actress .
Antonino Tringali - Casanova ( April 11 , 1888 - October 30 , 1943 ) was an Italian politician who served under Benito Mussolini in the Italian Social Republic .
Farhad Darya Nashir ( Pashto : فرهاد دریا‎ ; Persian : فرهاد دریا‎‎ ; born September 22 , 1962 ) is an Afghan singer , composer and music producer .
Allan Rowe ( October 16 , 1956 -- March 16 , 2015 ) was a Canadian politician , who was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in the 2013 provincial election .
Henry Deringer ( October 26 , 1786 -- February 28 , 1868 ) was an American gunsmith .
Alis ferch Gruffudd ab Ieuan ap Llywelyn Fychan or Alis Wen ( `` Alice the White '' ; c. 1520 - - ? ) was a poet who wrote in Welsh .
Robert Edwin Lee ( October 15 , 1918 -- July 8 , 1994 ) was an American playwright and lyricist .
George Francisco is an American chef based in Sunshine Coast Region , Australia .
Franklin J. Dickman ( August 28 , 1828 - February 12 , 1908 ) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was in the Ohio House of Representatives and was an Ohio Supreme Court Judge 1886 - -1895 .
Shire Jama Ahmed ( Somali : Shire Jaamac Axmed , Arabic : شيري جامع أحمد‎ ) was a Somali linguist who is credited with having devised a unique Latin script for transcribing the Somali language .
Andrea Hirata ( born 24 Oktober 1967 ) is an Indonesian author best known for the 2005 novel Laskar Pelangi ( The Rainbow Troops ) and its sequels .
Roy Rubin ( December 9 , 1925 -- August 5 , 2013 ) was a former college and professional basketball coach .
Fray Jacobo de Testera or Jacobo de Tastera was a Franciscan Friar of the 16th century who worked as a missionary to the indigenous peoples of New Spain .
Iamblichus , also known as Iamblichus Chalcidensis , or Iamblichus of Apamea ( Greek : Ἰάμβλιχος , probably from Syriac or Aramaic ya - mlku , `` He is king '' ; c. 245 -- c. 325 AD ) , was a Syrian Neoplatonist philosopher who determined the direction taken by later Neoplatonic philosophy .
Alan Abelson ( October 12 , 1925 -- May 9 , 2013 ) was a veteran financial journalist , and longtime writer of the influential Up and Down Wall Street column in Barron 's Magazine .
Morris Llewellyn Cooke ( May 11 , 1872- March 5 , 1960 ) was an influential American engineer , best known for his work on Scientific Management and Rural Electrification .
Mohammad Modabber ( died in 1966 ) was an Iranian painter , he was one of the developers of `` Coffee Shop Painting `` .
Luigi Maggi ( December 21 , 1867 -- August 22 , 1946 ) was an Italian actor and film director who worked prolifically during the silent era .
John Higgins Wallace , Jr. ( August 3 , 1906 -- March 22 , 1989 ) was the research chemist at Carter - Wallace that formulated Arrid deodorant in 1935 .
Joseph Sheard ( 1813 - -1883 ) was an English architect and politician .
Waman Dattatreya Patwardhan ( January 30 , 1917 - July 27 , 2007 ) was an Indian nuclear chemist , defence scientist and an expert in the science of Explosives engineering .
Calvin Leavy ( April 20 , 1940 -- June 6 , 2010 ) was an African American soul blues and electric blues singer and guitarist .
Richard S. Williams was an American merchant , banker and politician from New York .
The Pan Painter was an ancient Greek vase - painter of the Attic red - figure style , active ca .
Morgan Saginaw Grant ( born July 20 , 1936 ) , known professionally as Saginaw Grant , is a Native American actor , dancer , and motivational speaker .
Professor Patrice Mangin is a widely published forensic pathologist and toxicologist , director of the University Center of Legal Medicine in Lausanne and Geneva , Switzerland .
Ila Borders ( born February 18 , 1975 ) , is a former left - handed pitcher in college and independent professional baseball player .
Phil Colclough ( born 1940 ) is an English contemporary folk singer and songwriter .
Dante Henderson ( sometimes credited as Dante Lamar Henderson ) is a singer , songwriter , dancer , choreographer , model and actor .
Walter Attewell ( 29 January 1865 -- 3 January 1919 ) was an English cricketer active in first - class cricket in the 1890s , making five appearances for four different teams .
Shane Andre Mosley ( born September 7 , 1971 ) , often known as `` Sugar '' Shane Mosley , is an American professional boxer .
Costas Ferris ( Greek : Κώστας Φέρρης ; born 18 April 1935 ) is a Greek film director , writer , actor , and producer .
Abraham of Armenia was an Armenian priest and a disciple of the Leontine martyrs .
P. Venkat Rangan is an Indian computer scientist .
Dave Freer is an Australian science fiction author writing mostly humorous or alternate history novels .
Appius Nicomachus Dexter ( floruit before 432 ) was a politician of the Western Roman Empire .
Cory Wells ( born Emil Lewandowski ; February 5 , 1941 -- October 20 , 2015 ) was an American singer , best known as one of the three lead vocalists in the band Three Dog Night .
Jophen Stein is a painter from Pomona , whose works often contain surreal , cartoon - like images centered on unusual themes such as the Space Race , the Periodic Table , or the Freemasons in the style of Lowbrow ( art movement ) art or Pop Surrealism .
Orsolya Tompa ( born July 14 , 1991 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle and butterfly events .
Tiffany Joh ( born December 8 , 1986 ) is an American professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA Tour and on the Symetra Tour .
Hein van der Heijden ( born July 11 , 1958 Heerlen ) is a Dutch stage , television and film actor .
Andrew Lippa ( December 22 , 1964 ) is an American composer , lyricist , book writer , performer , and producer .
Angela Warnick Buchdahl ( born Angela Lee Warnick ; 1972 ) is an American rabbi .
Ellery Albee Hibbard ( July 31 , 1826 -- July 24 , 1903 ) was an American politician , a lawyer , a judge , and a U.S. Representative from New Hampshire .
Karl Enderlin ( born August 1 , 1923 , died November 11 , 2004 in Zürich ) was a Swiss figure skater .
Numan Acar ( born 1974 ) is a Turkish - born German actor and film producer .
Phillip Walker ( February 11 , 1937 -- July 22 , 2010 ) was an American electric blues guitarist , most noted for his 1959 hit single , `` Hello My Darling '' , produced by J. R. Fulbright .
Gaetano Pesce ( born 1939 ) is an Italian architect and a leading figure in contemporary industrial design .
Lizz Winstead ( born August 5 , 1961 ) is an American comedian , radio , and television personality , and blogger .
Kweku Baako Jnr is a Ghanaian journalist and the editor - in - chief of the New Crusading Guide newspaper .
James Mark Pittman ( October 25 , 1957 - November 25 , 2009 ) was a financial journalist covering corporate finance and derivative markets .
Rachel Fury is the stage name of Rachel Brennock , an English singer songwriter and actress most known for performing with Pink Floyd on tour from 1987 to 1989 .
Frederick Crabtree ( 10 March 1867 -- 28 November 1893 ) was an English cricketer active in 1890 who played for Lancashire .
Nicolaus Vernulaeus ( 1583 - -1649 ) was a professor at the University of Leuven and an important Neo - Latin playwright .
Myrtle Reed ( September 27 , 1874 -- August 17 , 1911 ) was an American author , poet , journalist , and philanthropist , the daughter of author Elizabeth Armstrong Reed and the preacher Hiram von Reed .
Tim Wendel ( born 1956 ) is a Philadelphia - born American writer whose works have appeared in many newspapers and magazines such as the National Geographic Traveler , The New York Times , both the Huffington Post and Washington Post among others .
David Mazouz ( /dəˈviːd məˈzuːz/ ; born February 19 , 2001 ) is an American actor .
Eszter Balint is a singer , songwriter , violinist , and actress .
Manuel Turrillas is also the composer of the popular song that runners sing , newspaper in hand , before the worldwide famous running of the bulls of the festival of San Fermín , a celebration hold in the city of Pamplona .
Samuel Milligan ( November 16 , 1814 -- April 20 , 1874 ) was an American attorney who served as a judge of the United States Court of Claims from 1868 to 1874 , and Justice of the Tennessee Supreme Court during the 1860s .
At the age of 18 , following private study with Cecil Walter Hay of Shrewsbury , the conductor of the Whitchurch choral society , German entered the Royal Academy of Music , where he eventually changed his name to J. E. German ( and later simply Edward German ) to avoid confusion with another student named Edward Jones .
Tennis Krishna is a popular Kannada actor and comedian .
Jürg Tanner ( born August 7 , 1953 ) is a Swiss curler and former World Champion .
Mundakkal Mathew Jacob , popularly known as M. M. Jacob , is an Indian politician .
Fraser Kelly is a retired Canadian journalist , broadcaster and corporate executive .
Neely Edwards ( born Cornelius Limbach ; September 16 , 1883 -- July 10 , 1965 ) was an American vaudeville performer and film actor .
Konstantin Buga ( born June 17 , 1985 in Atbasar , Kazakhstan ) is a German amateur boxer best known for qualifying for the 2008 Olympics as a middleweight .
John Cannizzaro Jr. ( born 1943 ) , better known as John Canemaker , is an independent animator , animation historian , author , teacher and lecturer .
Reginald Beck ( 1902 - -1992 ) was a British film editor with forty - nine credits from 1932 to 1985 .
Peter Eure or Evers ( ca . 1549 - 1612 ) , of London and Washingborough , Lincolnshire , was an English politician .
Renner Wunderlich ( born May 5 , 1947 ) is an American film producer / film director known for his work in documentary film .
Louisa May Alcott ( /ˈɔːlkət , -kɒt/ ; November 29 , 1832 -- March 6 , 1888 ) was an American novelist and poet best known as the author of the novel Little Women ( 1868 ) and its sequels Little Men ( 1871 ) and Jo 's Boys ( 1886 ) .
Arthur Alan Wolk ( born October 25 , 1943 ) is an American attorney and author .
Jonathan Wills is a British journalist currently employed by ITV Anglia .
Isabel Schnabel ( née Gödde , born 9 August 1971 ) is a German economist .
Christian Erickson is an American actor and voice actor currently living in Paris , France .
Paul Clarkson is an English actor , theatre director and teacher .
Nachman Kahana ( Also spelled Kahane ) ( Hebrew : רב נחמן בן רב יחזקאל שרגא כהנא‎ ) is an Israeli rabbi .
Joel Daly ( born August 21 , 1934 ) is an American former news presenter .
Stephanie Heinrich ( born November 13 , 1979 ) is an American model and actress , known for her appearances in Playboy magazine .
Marvin Bell ( born August 3 , 1937 in New York City ) is an American poet and teacher who was the first Poet Laureate of the state of Iowa .
Brigitte Rintisch is a retired German rower who won two gold , two silver and one bronze medals at the European championships of 1961 - -1966 .
Adrian Holdstock ( born April 27 , 1970 ) is a South African former cricketer who is now a cricket umpire .
John Rosworm or Rosworme ( fl . 1630 -- 1660 ) was a Dutch or German soldier and military engineer who served the Parliamentarian cause during the English Civil War .
Erastus Corning 2nd ( October 7 , 1909 -- May 28 , 1983 ) was an American politician .
Álvaro Mutis Jaramillo ( August 25 , 1923 -- September 22 , 2013 ) was a Colombian poet , novelist , and essayist and author of the compendium The Adventures and Misadventures of Maqroll .
Gabriel Denwang Wangsu is an Indian politician and journalist .
Fleury Linossier was a water color painter born in 1902 near Paris .
Greg Blaney is an Irish former dual player who played Gaelic football and hurling for Down in the 1980s and 1990s . He was one of the all time greats both tough and classy as a hurler and footballer . He was a tough man and a truly great dual player .
Gundaris Pone ( October 17 , 1932 -- March 15 , 1994 ) was a Latvian - American composer of contemporary classical music , conductor , and professor .
Magpakailanman ( English : Forevermore ) is a weekly anthology of inspiring stories of the GMA Network aired every Saturday Magpakailanman features the life experiences of famous personalities and ordinary people who loved and lost on their way to success .
Inside Opinion is a business news talk show aired on CNBC until c. 1998 .
Miracle in Lane 2 is a 2000 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Frankie Muniz , Rick Rossovich , Molly Hagan , and Patrick Levis .
A Gift to Last is a CBC Television Christmas special broadcast in 1976 , a subsequent family drama series that ran from 1978 - -1979 , and a stage play based on the pilot episode .
A single episode of Hugh and I was adapted for radio by the BBC and was broadcast on 13 June 1963 .
Minerva owl butterfly is the common name for the butterfly species Opsiphanes blythekitzmillerae .
Hydnangium is a genus of truffle - like fungi in the family Hydnangiaceae .
Currently two solutions prevail , either placing Pristimantis in the family Strabomantidae , subfamily Strabomantinae , or in Craugastoridae , subfamily Ceuthomantinae .
Zelippistes is a genus of small sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Capulidae , the cap snails .
Leptosiphon grandiflorus ( syn . Linanthus grandiflorus ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name large - flower linanthus .
Peter Mesiarik ( born 8 December 1963 in Myjava ) is a Slovak former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Claude Viens ( born April 29 , 1949 in Saint - Jean - sur - Richelieu , Quebec ) was a former Canadian handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Park Chul - sung ( born 21 November 1955 ) is a South Korean sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics , in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Yevheniya Tovstohan ( Ukrainian : Євгенія Товстоган , born April 3 , 1965 ) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Jago Mikulic is a Paralympic athletics competitor from Australia who competed in the 1976 Summer Paralympics as a classified `` A '' athlete in the Men 's 60 m , Long Jump , Shot Put , Pentathlon and Javelin .
Luigi Palma di Cesnola ( July 29 , 1832 -- November 20 , 1904 ) , an Italian - American soldier , diplomat and amateur archaeologist , was born in Rivarolo Canavese , near Turin .
Lev Shekhtman received his earliest theatrical education at the local children 's theater in his native city of Chernivtsi ( Ukraine ) , under the supervision of the Merited Artist of Ukraine V. V. Bespoletova ( В.В. Бесполётова ) .
Valter Heuer graduated from University of Tartu with a degree in Estonian philology .
Saint Patricia of Naples ( or Patricia of Constantinople ) ( Italian : Santa Patrizia ) ( died ca . 665 AD ) is an Italian virgin martyr and saint .
Auguste Daumain ( 31 July 1877 in Selles - sur - Cher , date of death unknown ) was a French racing cyclist who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Marina Giordana ( Rome , February 20 , 1955 ) is an Italian actress .
Nitin Sawhney was raised in Rochester , Kent , England , by Punjabi immigrant parents .
Yener Arıca was born in Küçükçekmece , Istanbul , Turkey to both Turkish parents , with whom he moved to the Netherlands where he grew up .
Laura Terracina ( 1519-c . 1577 ) was a poet from Naples during the Renaissance .
Barryl Biekman ( born 1950 , Paramaribo ) is a Surinamese - born Dutch politician .
Gao Lin started his football career with Shanghai Shenhua in 2005 where he made his league debut on 21 August 2005 in a 1 - 0 win against Liaoning Zhongyu , coming on as a substitute for Xie Hui .
Brigit Forsyth ( born 28 July 1940 , in Edinburgh , Scotland ) is a Scottish actress , best known for her roles as Thelma Ferris in the BBC comedy Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads ? and Helen Yeldham in the ITV drama Boon .
Herodotus ( /hᵻˈrɒdətəs/ ; Ancient Greek : Ἡρόδοτος Hēródotos , pronounced ( hɛː.ró.do.tos ) ) was a Greek historian who was born in Halicarnassus , Caria ( modern - day Bodrum , Turkey ) and lived in the fifth century BC ( c. 484 - -425 BC ) .
Terry Reid was born in Huntingdon ; he lived in Bluntisham & attended St . Ivo School , St . Ives , Cambridgeshire .
Bernardino Radi was an Italian engraver and architect , born in Cortona , who etched a set of plates depicting architectural ornaments and monuments , published in Rome in 1618 , under the title of Varie invenzoni per depositi di Bernardino Radi Cortonese .
Totò was born Antonio Clemente on 15 February 1898 in the Rione Sanità , a poor district of Naples , the illegitimate son of Anna Clemente from Sicily and Marquis Giuseppe De Curtis from Naples , who nevertheless did not legally recognize him until 1937 .
Victoria Claire McGlynn , known as Vic McGlynn , ( born on 19 May 1978 in Bispham , Blackpool , Lancashire ) is an English radio presenter and disc jockey ( DJ ) .
Lương Văn Được Em ( born 1985 in Hồng Ngự District , Đồng Tháp Province ) is Vietnamese footballer who plays for the TĐCS Đồng Tháp .
Chisamba Lungu ( born January 31 , 1991 in Kafue ) is a Zambian footballer who plays as a Midfielder and captain for FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast in the Russian Premier League .
Kalonymus ben Kalonymus ben Meir ( Arles , 1286 -- died after 1328 ) was a Provençal Jewish philosopher and translator .
María Elena Sarría Díaz ( born September 14 , 1954 in Cienfuegos ) is a retired Cuban athlete who competed in the shot put during her career .
Guy Davenport was born in Anderson , South Carolina , in the foothills of Appalachia on November 23 , 1927 .
Jane Gardam was born in Coatham , North Yorkshire , to William and Kathleen Mary Pearson , and grew up in Cumberland and the North Riding of Yorkshire .
Stéphan Tremblay ( born November 4 , 1973 in Alma , Quebec ) was a politician who was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from Quebec from 1996 to 2002 , and a member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 2002 to 2006 .
Doryssus or Dorissus or Doriagus ( Greek : Δόρυσσος ) was a king of ancient Sparta .
H.D. was born in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , in 1886 and moved to London in 1911 , where her publications earned her a central role within the then emerging Imagist movement .
Aram Manukian was born Sargis Hovhannisian on 19 March 1879 , either in Zeyva village in Zangezur ( modern - day Davit Bek , in Armenia 's Syunik Province ) or in the city of Shusha ; both in the Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire at the time .
Kylie Bisutti ( born March 31 , 1990 in Simi Valley , California ) is an American author and former model who won the 2009 `` Victoria 's Secret Model Search '' competition , broadcast online through CBS and concluded during the December 1st airing of that year 's Fashion Show .
Stephen Namara ( born February 28 , 1953 in Kenya ) is an American Contemporary figurative artist .
Homa Sayar ( born 1947 , in Tehran ) is an Iranian poet and writer who has lived in Paris since 1975 .
Abdoulaye Sekou Sampil ( born 9 December 1984 in Dakar ) is a French professional footballer of Ivorian origin who plays for KFC Dessel Sport .
Edward Auer ( born December 7 , 1941 , New York City ) is an American classical pianist .
Joan Mas i Ramon ( Barcelona , 1934 ) is a post - impressionist style fine artist based at Barcelona and Paris .
Wayne Wang ( traditional Chinese : 王穎 ; simplified Chinese : 王颖 ; pinyin : Wáng Yǐng ; Jyutping : Wong4 Wing6 ; born January 12 , 1949 ) is a Hong Kong - born American film director .
Keala Kennelly ( born August 13 , 1978 ) is a professional surfer , surfer DJ , and actress from Kauai , Hawaii .
Laurette Séjourné was born in Perugia , Italy , as Laura Valentini Corsa , although one also finds her mentioned as Laura Bianchi .
Laurence Vincent - Lapointe ( born May 27 , 1992 ) is a Canadian sprint canoer from Trois - Rivières , Quebec .
Myint Myint Khin was born Khin Kyi to Daw Saw Kyi and U Po Min , in Thanlyin in 1934 , during the waning days of the British colonial era in Myanmar .
Orzubek Nazarov ( born August 30 , 1966 in Kant , Kyrgyz SSR ) is a boxer of Uzbek / Kyrgyz ethnicity , who won the bronze medal at the 1986 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Reno .
Dorothy Gilman was born in New Brunswick , New Jersey , to minister James Bruce and Essa ( Starkweather ) Gilman .
Louis - Eugène Varlin was born at Claye - Souilly ( Seine - et - Marne ) , into a poor peasant family .
Albert Weisbord was born December 9 , 1900 to a Russian - Jewish family in New York City .
Jacek Tomczak ( born July 27 , 1973 in Poznań ) is a Polish politician and lawyer .
Silvia Álvarez Curbelo ( born in Ponce , Puerto Rico , in 1940 ) is a Puerto Rican historian , and writer .
Paul Silverberg ( November 18 , 1927 -- June 2 , 2008 ) , better known as Paul Sills , was an American director and improvisation teacher , and the original director of Chicago 's The Second City .
On December 19 , 1875 , Mileva Marić was born into a wealthy family in Titel in the Austro - Hungarian Monarchy ( today Serbia ) as the eldest of three children of Miloš Marić ( 1846 - -1922 ) and Marija Ružić - Marić ( 1847 - -1935 ) .
Dagmar Godowsky ( November 24 , 1897 -- February 13 , 1975 ) was an American silent film actress born in Chicago to Polish composer Leopold Godowsky and Frederica Saxe .
Oxana Yablonskaya ( Russian : Оксана Михайловна Яблонская ; born December 6 , 1938 , Moscow ) is a Russian ( Jewish born ) pianist who has had an active international performance career since the early 1960s .
Madhumitha married her longtime boyfriend , actor Shiva Balaji on 1 March 2009 at Kalinga Function Place in Hyderabad , Andhra Pradesh .
Amand Lucas ( born 18 December 1936 , Liège ) is a Belgian scientist and professor at the Facultés Universitaires Notre - Dame de la Paix , at the Institute for Studies in Interface Sciences .
Henryk Jaskuła ( born 22 October 1923 in Radziszów ) is a yachtsman , sailing captain , and electrician .
Erdal Erzincan ( 1971 , Erzurum ) is a Turkish folk music musician , composer , and singer .
Roy Sentjens ( born 15 December 1980 in Neerpelt ) is a retired Belgian road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 2002 and 2013 .
Duke John Albert of Mecklenburg ( German : Herzog Johann Albrecht zu Mecklenburg ; given names John Albert Ernest Constantine Frederick Henry ; 8 December 1857 -- 16 February 1920 ) was a member of the House of Mecklenburg - Schwerin who served as the regent of two states of the German Empire .
Lauri Hakola ( born 13 December 1979 in Oulu ) is a Finnish former ski jumper .
Ziyad Saeed Al - Kord bin Samir , known simply as Ziyad Al - Kord ( Arabic : زياد الكرد‎ ; born 15 January 1974 in Gaza ) , is a Palestinian footballer who has played with various clubs in the Palestinian territories , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia .
Daniela Băbeanu ( born 18 November 1988 , in Râmnicu Vâlcea ) is a Romanian handballer who plays for S.C.M. Craiova .
Ernst Heymann ( April 6 , 1870 - March 2 , 1946 ) was a German jurist from Berlin .
Tang Naixin ( Simplified Chinese : 唐乃鑫 ) ( born April 29 , 1988 in Qingdao ) is a Chinese football player .
Lucas Janszoon Waghenaer ( 1533/34 - 1606 ) was a Dutch chief officer and cartographer who was born in Enkhuizen .
Walter Guggenberger ( born 23 August 1947 in Landeck ) is an Austrian civil servant and politician ( SPÖ ) .
Yesim Servet Uzunlar ( born 8 March 1989 ) is an Australian football player who last played for Sydney FC in the Australian W - League .
Joseph Van Matre was born on October 9 , 1828 in Mason County , ( West ) Virginia .
Nikola Pushkarov was born on December 14 , 1874 in Pirdop , then in the Ottoman Empire .
Aglaophon ( Gr . Ἀγλαοφῶν ) was an ancient Greek painter , born on the island of Thasos .
Hiram Burnham was born in Narraguagus , later Cherryfield , Maine , in 1814 .
Lester Ellis was born on 15 March 1965 in Blackpool , England to mother Sheila Ellis and his father Keith Ellis Snr .
Born in Pierrepont , New York , Irving Bacheller graduated from St. Lawrence University in 1882 after which he accepted a job with the Daily Hotel Reporter ; by 1883 he was working for the Brooklyn Daily Times .
Jack Orchulli ( born in 1946 in Pennsylvania ) is an American former political candidate from Connecticut .
Born in Turin , orphaned at 6 years of age , Federico Tesio obtained a degree from the University of Florence .
Hodo Sokoli was born in Shkodër in 1836 to a notable family from the village of Dervishej .
Renaud Dion ( born 6 January 1978 in Gien ) is a French professional road racing cyclist , who last rode with the Bretagne - Séché Environnement team .
Houston Conwill ( born 1947 , Louisville , KY ) is an African - American artist known best for large - scale sculptural installations .
Herdi Prenga was born in Zadar , Croatia from parents of Albanian descent originary from Mirditë .
Tang Dechao ( Chinese : 唐德超 ; pinyin : Táng Déchāo ; born February 9 , 1984 in Guangzhou , China ) is a Chinese football player .
Chang Kim Sung moved from South Korea to Buenos Aires with his family at the age of 7 , without knowledge of the Spanish language .
Andriy Vitoshynskyi ( Ukrainian : Андрій Вітошинський ; born 21 February 1981 in Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian footballer who has played for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Zakarpattia Uzhhorod .
Raymond Albert Wheeler ( July 31 , 1885 in Peoria , Illinois - February 9 , 1974 ) was a Lieutenant General in the United States Army .
Claire Guillard ( born 17 September 1986 in Nantes ) is a French football player who currently plays for French club Nord Allier Yzeure of the Division 1 Féminine .
Olof Gigon , son of the physician Alfred Gigon ( 1883 - 1975 ) , was born and grew up in Basel , where he studied classical and oriental philology .
Machol was born in Arizona and after entering the army served as a scout in the Indian Wars .
Sunderlal Bahuguna was born in village Maroda near Tehri , Uttarakhand on 9 January 1927 .
Igor González de Galdeano Aranzabal ( born 1 November 1973 in Vitoria - Gasteiz , Basque Country ) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer and most recenetly , the team manager of UCI ProTeam Euskaltel--
Sepideh Raissadat was Born in Tehran in 1980 .
Gonzalo Escudero Moscoco ( Quito , September 28 , 1903 -- Brussels , December 10 , 1971 ) was an Ecuadorian poet and diplomat .
Elena Paparizou was born on 31 January 1982 in Borås , Västergötland , Sweden ; she was the youngest child of Greek parents Georgios Paparizos and Efrosynë `` Frosø '' Paparizou .
Pablo de Barros Paulino , ( born 3 August 1989 in São João Nepomuceno ) , simply known as Pablo , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for América Mineiro as a left back .
Wolfgang Falck ( 19 August 1910 in Berlin -- 13 March 2007 ) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace during World War II . He was one of the key organisers of the German night fighter defences .
Ulrich Giezendanner ( born October 31 , 1953 in Rothrist , Canton Aargau ) is a Swiss transport entrepreneur and politician ( SVP ) .
William Bainbridge was born in Princeton , New Jersey , eldest son of Dr. Absalom Bainbridge and Mary ( Taylor ) Bainbridge .
Sidney Coleman grew up on the Far North Side of Chicago .
After Zohoré joined FC Copenhagen , Yussuf Poulsen was moved to a position as a striker .
Jérôme Erceau ( born January 14 , 1973 in La Roche - sur - Yon ) is a French former professional football player and current coach .
Angelo Broglio da Lavello , known as Angelo Tartaglia ( 1350 or 1370 -- 1421 ) , was an Italian condottiero and nobleman , captain of the Papal Army , lord of Lavello and Toscanella .
Sophie Lawrence ( born 12 June 1972 , Ilford , London ) is an English actress , singer , director and choreographer .
Georgi Sapinev ( Bulgarian : Георги Сапинев ) ( born 15 March 1943 in Dupnitsa ) is a retired Bulgarian football player .
Clara Tice ( 22 May 1888 -- 2 February 1973 ) was an American avant - garde illustrator and artist , who spent most of her life in New York City , United States .
Domingo Roberto Mandrafina ( born November 2 , 1945 in Buenos Aires ) , also called Cacho Mandrafina , is an Argentine comics artist .
Rufus Beck ( born July 23 , 1957 in Heidelberg ) is a German theater , film , and voice actor .
Richard Wayne Suesens was born 30 April 1915 at Burlington , Iowa .
Elia Rigotto ( born 4 March 1982 in Vicenza ) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer .
DJ Snake was born on June 13 , 1986 and grew up in the banlieue district outside Paris , what he describes as a ghetto .
Karl Kleist ( born 31 January 1879 in Mulhouse , Alsace , died 26 December 1960 ) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist who made notable advances in descriptive psychopathology and neuropsychology .
Georges de La Tour was born in the town of Vic - sur - Seille in the Diocese of Metz , which was technically part of the Holy Roman Empire , but had been ruled by France since 1552 .
Ania Dorfmann was born in Odessa , Russia ( now in Ukraine ) in 1899 , the daughter of a merchant .
Zheng Wei ( Chinese : 郑伟 ) ( born June 13 , 1981 in Qingdao ) is a Chinese football player .
Mabel Van Buren ( July 17 , 1878 -- November 4 , 1947 ) was an American stage and screen actress from Chicago , Illinois .
Fayçal Nini ( born 10 August 1986 in Armentières ) is a French football player of Algerian descent who last played for Nea Salamina .
Willy Kemp ( born 28 December 1925 in Kopstal ) is a former Luxembourgian professional road bicycle racer .
Steven De Neef ( born 16 January 1971 in Asse ) is a former Belgian professional racing cyclist , who competed as a professional between 1997 and 2011 .
Nuelson Wau ( born 17 December 1980 in Geldrop - Mierlo ) is a Dutch Antillean footballer .
Benedetta Ceccarelli ( born 23 January 1980 in Perugia ) is an Italian athlete who specializes in the 400 metres hurdles .
Volker Ullrich was born in Celle He studied history , literature , philosophy and education at the University of Hamburg .
Andreas Vogler ( born January 15 , 1964 in Basel ) is a Swiss architect , designer and artist .
Goran Radnić ( born 4 May 1983 in Split ) is a Croatian football player , currently a free agent after being released by RNK Split in December 2011 .
Lisa Heller ( born April 16 , 1996 ) is an American singer - songwriter and musician from Simsbury , Connecticut .
Hannah Marks was born in Santa Monica , California , the daughter of Robin Marks and Nova Ball , a former actress .
M. Mohanan was born in Kannur , in the Indian state of Kerala .
Sava Grujić was born on 25 November 1840 at Kolari , a village in the district of Smederevo , just ten years after Serbia became a semi - independent state after five centuries of Turkish occupation .
Homa Dorothy Parvaz was born in October 1971 in Tehran , Iran to an Iranian father and an American mother .
Karl Philipp Fohr , a brother of Daniel Fohr , was born at Heidelberg in 1795 , and studied at Munich , chiefly by himself from nature and the great masters .
Rudin Nako ( born 20 May 1987 in Fier ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays for Apolonia Fier in the Albanian Superliga , where he is also the squad captain .
Raphaël Faÿs is a French jazz , gypsy jazz and classical guitarist and composer born in Paris on 10 December 1959 .
Max Beckmann was born into a middle - class family in Leipzig , Saxony .
Lynda Tolbert - Goode ( born October 3 , 1967 in Washington , D.C. ) is a retired American hurdler and sprinter .
John Nelson Darby was born in Westminster , London , and christened at St. Margaret 's on 3 March 1801 .
Viktoria Karpenko ( Виктория Карпенко , born on March 15 , 1981 in Kherson , Ukrainian SSR ) is a World Championships silver medalist and 2000 Olympian in artistic gymnastics .
Inga Swenson ( born December 29 , 1932 ; Omaha , Nebraska ) is an American actress .
Christophe Auguin , ( born 10 December 1959 in Granville , Manche ) , is a French yachtsman .
Colin Prior , born in Milngavie , Glasgow in 1958 , is a landscape photographer .
Daryl Brook ( born 19 November 1960 in Holmfirth , West Yorkshire ) is a former professional footballer who played as a striker for Huddersfield Town , before becoming the coach of Emley .
Djair Kaye de Brito ( born 21 September 1971 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian international footballer nicknamed Djair .
Jean - Ovide Decroly ( Ronse , July 23 , 1871 -- Ukkel , September 10 , 1932 ) was a Belgian teacher and psychologist .
Francisco Joaquim Ferreira do Amaral , GCTS , KCVO ( Lisbon , Santa Catarina , 11 June 1843 -- 11 August 1923 ) was a Portuguese naval commander and politician .
Roger Minick was born in Ramona , Oklahoma , and grew up in the Ozarks of Arkansas .
Leopoldo Marenco ( born at Ceva in 1831 ; died 1899 ) was an Italian dramatic poet , now known as a librettist .
John Quinton was born in Brockley , near Lewisham , south east London in 1921 and was educated at Christ 's College , Finchley leaving in 1937 having passed the London General School Examination with Matriculation .
Guillermo Graaven ( born January 17 , 1982 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who played as a striker .
Don Nix ( born September 27 , 1941 , Memphis , Tennessee ) is an American songwriter , composer , arranger , musician , and author .
Kristian Mantzius was born in Viborg , son of Gen. Karl Johan Peter Mantzius ( 1791 - 1859 ) and Mette Marie , née Fogh ( 1792 - 1870 ) .
Alejandro Gabriel Espinosa Borja , known simply as Gabriel Espinosa ( born August 13 , 1985 in Quito ) , is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Universidad Católica .
Léon - Robert Demachy was born in the home of his grandmother in Saint - Germain - en - Laye , on the outskirts of Paris , on 7 July 1859 .
Archbishop Hubert Coppenrath ( born 18 October 1930 , in Papeete , Tahiti , French Polynesia ) is the emeritus Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete .
McCartney was born in London on 28 August 1969 and named after her paternal grandmother Mary McCartney .
Walt Grealis was born in Toronto and attended Central High School of Commerce in that city until his tenth grade .
Louis Prima , Jr. ( born June 16 , 1965 ) is an American , Las Vegas - based entertainer , singer , and songwriter .
Aziz Yıldırım ( born 2 November 1952 in Ergani , Diyarbakır Province ) is currently the 52nd chairman of the Turkish multi sport club Fenerbahçe .
Zane Lamprey ( born April 2 , 1972 in Syracuse , New York , United States ) is a comedian , actor , editor , producer , and writer for television and movies .
Dr. Ahmad Yusuf Nuristani is a well - known and highly respected politician in Afghanistan .
Ziri Hammar ( Arabic : زيري حمّار‎ ; born July 25 , 1992 in Akbou ) is an Algerian football player .
Jamie Maclaren grew up in the north - western suburbs of Melbourne .
On 5 November 1780 , Little Turtle led an attack on La Balme 's camp along the Eel River , killing La Balme and 30 of his men and bringing an end to the campaign .
Gregor Stevens ( born 13 January 1955 in Drumchapel , Glasgow ) was a Scottish former professional footballer , who played during the 1970s and 1980s .
Michael Paul Mason ( born May 29 , 1971 , in Tulsa , Oklahoma ) , sometimes credited as Michael Mason , is an American writer , author , editor , and journalist .
Lucie Guay ( born December 12 , 1958 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian sprint kayaker who competed in the early 1980s .
Pedro Henríquez Ureña was born in Santo Domingo , the third of four siblings .
Gohourou Jean - Yves Anis ( born November 30 , 1980 in Oumé , Côte d'Ivoire ) is a French former professional football player who previously played for Partick Thistle .
Sylvester Barrett was born in Darragh , near Ennis , County Clare in 1926 .
Alvin Law ( born 1960 in Yorkton , Saskatchewan ) is a motivational speaker and former radio broadcaster .
Daniel Ainsleigh ( born 8 February 1976 in Hexham , Northumberland ) is an English actor and renowned acting coach .
Deep Joshi was born in 1947 in village Puriyag , in a remote area of Pithoragarh district , Uttarakhand in the Himalayas to Harikrishan Joshi , a farmer and was one of the seven children .
Hans Unger was born into a lower - middle - class family in Bautzen , in the Lausitz in the southeast corner of Germany near Poland and the Czech Republic .
Javiera Contador ( born June 17 , 1974 in Santiago ) is a Chilean actress , comedian and television hostess .
Angela Asare ( born 24 November,1985 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian beauty queen and a contestant for Miss Universe .
Danish Nawaz ( born August 4 , 1978 Karachi ) is a Pakistani television director , actor and comedian .
Nils Sandström ( August 9 , 1893 -- June 17 , 1973 ) was a Swedish athlete , who competed mainly in the 100 m. Sandström was born in Gothenburg .
Anticlides of Athens ( or Anticleides ) lived after the time of Alexander the Great ( Plut . Alex . 46 ) , and is frequently referred to by later writers .
Dana Hee ( born as Dana Lynn Davidson on November 9 , 1961 in Baton Rouge , Louisiana ) is an American martial artist , stuntwoman , action film actress and model , who has also worked as sports color commentator , trainer , spokesperson , motivational speaker and master of ceremonies , as well as a rancher .
Juliet Richardson ( born January 1 , 1980 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American singer , known as Juliet , best known for her 2005 album Random Order and hit single `` Avalon '' .
Jean Carlos da Silva Ferreira or simply Jean or Jean Carlos , ( born March 3 , 1982 in São Gonçalo ) is a Brazilian striker who currently plays for Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube .
Amos Marah Kicmett ( born on January 1 , 1984 in Buduburam , Ghana ) is a Ghanaian - born Liberian international football striker who last played for Deltras .
Bradley Joseph was born in Bird Island , Minnesota and raised in Willmar , Minnesota , graduating from Willmar Senior High School in 1983 .
Ellen Wittlinger ( born in Belleville , Illinois on October 21 , 1948 ) is an author for young adults , including Gracie 's Girl and the Printz Honor book Hard Love .
Upon his death he made a large bequest to establish the Payne Whitney Psychiatric Clinic at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York City .
Samuel Pizzetti ( born October 16 , 1986 ) is an Italian swimmer from Codogno .
Michael Roof was born at a U.S. Air Force hospital at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa , Florida , November 24 , 1976 to Jean and Michael Roof , Sr . Michael had two brothers , Derek and Donny ; and two sisters , Megan and Kim .
Luigi Cappanera ( born 6 February 1947 in Genoa ) is an Italian retired footballer .
Vincent Cheng Hoi - Chuen GBS OBE JP ( Chinese : 鄭海泉 , born 16 July 1948 in Hong Kong ) was the first Chinese Executive Director of HSBC Holdings plc . He was also the first Chinese Chairman of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited from 2005 to 2010 .
Quinn Sullivan ( born March 26 , 1999 ) is an American singer and guitarist from New Bedford , Massachusetts .
Wasim Akram was born on 3 June 1966 in a Usmani family of Lahore .
Zane Radcliffe ( born 1969 in Bangor , Northern Ireland ) is an author from Northern Ireland .
Sean O'Kane ( born 11 November 1964 ) , is a Scottish actor from Bellshill near Glasgow .
Balthasar Schwarm ( born 11 September 1946 in Bruckmühl , Bavaria ) is a West German former luger who competed from the early 1970s to the early 1980s .
Edward Fulton Denison ( December 18 , 1915 , Omaha -- October 23 , 1992 , Washington D.C. ) was an American economist .
Ana Arce ( born 5 January 1964 in Madrid ) is a photographer and former skip of the Andorran national women 's curling team .
Marcin Mroziński ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmart͡ɕin mrɔˈʑiɲskʲi ) ; born 26 September 1985 in Inowrocław ) is a Polish actor , singer and television presenter .
Charles Seltman was born in Paddington , London , England on 4 August 1886 to Ernest John Seltman and Barbara Smith Watson from Edinburgh , Scotland .
Grand Ayatollah Hassan Raza Ghadeeri was born in Pakistan and studied in various locations including Lahore , Multan , and Ali - Pur .
Colin Ayre ( born 14 March 1956 , Ashington , Northumberland ) was an English professional footballer , playing as a winger in the English , Dutch and Austrian football leagues .
Born at Wasperton Hill Farm in Warwickshire , Thomas Garner grew up in a rural setting that gave him an instinctive feeling for country crafts and construction , which were never weakened by long years spent in London .
Maro Sargsyan ( Armenian : Մարո Սարգսյան ; born November 29 , 1973 , Yerevan ) , is an Armenian artist .
Igor Burzanović ( Cyrillic : Игop Буpзaнoвић , born on 25 August 1985 in Podgorica ) is a Montenegrin international football player who most recently played for Hunan Billows in the China League One .
Lieutenant Joshua John Moore ( 1790 - 1864 ) , a grazier and large owner of land by occupation , was born to John Moore , yeoman farmer , at Horningsea , Cambridgeshire , England .
Zoe Laskari was born Zoi Kouroukli in Thessaloniki , from a middle class family which had a long tradition of service to the Hellenic Army .
Erika Suchovská ( born 27 July 1967 in Hodonín ) is a retired Czech athlete who competed primarily in the 200 metres .
Jens - Anton Poulsson DSO , ( 27 October 1918 in Tinn -- 2 February 2010 ) was a Norwegian military officer .
Rudolf Jung was born in Plasy and went to school in Jihlava , a town fractured by national antagonisms .
Richard Bristow ( 1538 at Worcester -- 1581 at Harrow on the Hill ) was an English Catholic controversialist and Biblical scholar .
Hernan Bas ( born 1978 in Miami , Florida , United States ) is an artist based in Detroit , Michigan .
David Blixt ( born July 12 , 1973 in Ann Arbor , Michigan ) is an American author , stage actor , and director living Chicago , Illinois .
Tommy Hunt ( born Charles James Hunt , June 18 , 1933 , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States ) is an American soul / northern soul singer , and a 2001 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductee as a member of famed R&B group The Flamingos .
Larissa Schuster ( née Foreman ) was born in 1960 and grew up on a farm in Clarence , Missouri .
Marie Podvalová ( 5 September 1909 - 16 May 1992 ) was a Czech opera singer who had a long career at the National Theatre in Prague from 1936 - 1978 .
Born in Boston , Massachusetts on June 18 , 1757 , he was the son of wealthy merchant and political figure Royall Tyler ( died 1771 ) and Mary ( Steele ) Tyler .
Fabrice Lapierre ( born 17 October 1983 in Réduit , Mauritius ) is a Mauritian - born Australian long jumper .
Vlado Janevski was born on 27 November 1960 in Skopje in Čair where he still lives .
Krishna Levy , born on May 27 , 1964 , in New Delhi ( India ) , is a French film score composer .
Ron Tripp ( born April 1953 ) Battle Creek , Michigan , is a World Sambo and Judo champion and the current general secretary of USA Judo .
Zoran Stojković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Стојковић ) ( born 7 October 1946 in Belgrade ) was Serbian Minister of Justice in the cabinet of Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Koštunica .
Ana Merino was born in Madrid in 1971 , daughter of José María Merino .
Lili Golestan ( Taghavi Shirazi ) ( born 14 July 1944 ) is an Iranian translator , and owner and artistic director of the Golestan Gallery in Tehran .
Gino Strada ( b. Luigi Strada April 21 , 1948 in Sesto San Giovanni , Province of Milan ) is an Italian war surgeon and founder of the UN - recognized Italian NGO Emergency .
Davide Martello , also known as Klavierkunst ( born 1 November 1981 in Lörrach in the southwest of Baden - Württemberg ) , is a German pianist of Italian descent .
Nahum Goldmann was born in Vishnevo , Russian Empire , a shtetl in the Pale of Settlement ( now Vishnyeva , Belarus ) , the son of a teaching and writing Litvak family , whose father was an ardent Zionist .
Chandra Kumar Agarwala was born at Brahmajan near Gohpur in Sonitpur district on 28 November 1867 .
Gita Mehta ( born in 1943 ) is an Indian writer and was born in Delhi in a well - known Odia family .
Akaki Khoshtaria was born into the petty Georgian nobility , aznauri , near Abasha , then part of the Russian Empire .
Born Lilian Patricia Lita Roza in Liverpool , Lancashire , England , she was the eldest of seven children .
John Darnton ( born November 20 , 1941 in New York City ) is an American journalist who wrote for the New York Times .
Allen Craig was born in Mission Viejo , California , to Ron and Kim Craig and raised in Temecula , California .
Giorgos Messalas ( Greek : Γιώργος Μεσσάλας , born 1942 in Athens ) is a Greek actor and director in theater and movies .
Tatiana Aleshina ( Russian : Татьяна Владимировна Алёшина , born 3 July 1961 , Nizhyn ) is a Russian composer , singer - songwriter , theater artist , and poet .
Petey Scalzo is an American boxer from Brooklyn , New York .
The Reverend Stephen Hislop ( 8 September 1817 , Duns , Scotland -- 4 September 1863 , Takalghat ) , was a missionary to India , an educationist and a keen geologist .
Leandro Marconi ( 1834 - -1919 ) was a Polish architect , active mainly in Warsaw .
Ferdinand Oliver Porsche ( born 13 March 1961 in Stuttgart ) is a German lawyer and member of the Supervisory Board of the German sports car manufacturer Porsche .
William Dunn Moseley was born on February 1 , 1795 at Moseley Hall in Lenoir County , North Carolina , which is a different place than Moseley Hall on the Northeast branch of the Cape Fear created by colonial official Edward Moseley , to whom he was not related .
Pari Saberi ( Persian : پری صابری ‎ , born 1932 in Kerman ) is an Iranian drama and theatre director and Knight of the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres , awarded by French President Jacques Chirac .
Edward Polo ( born 10 October 1989 in Delta State ) is a footballer , who plays for Bayelsa United .
Roma Gąsiorowska ( born 29 January 1981 in Bydgoszcz ) is a Polish actress and fashion designer .
Rafael Marques Pinto ( born September 21 , 1983 in Rio de Janeiro ) , most commonly known as Rafael Marques , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Coritiba .
Catharine Pendrel ( born September 30 , 1980 ) is a Canadian cross - country mountain biker from Fredericton , New Brunswick .
Solomon Lee Van Meter , Jr. was born as Joseph Atkins Van Meter in a cabin behind where his family 's country residence , Shenandoah Hall , stands today ( 38.069369,-84.440274 ) on Bryan Station Pike in Fayette County , KY .
Andreas Gottschalk ( 28 February 1815 , Düsseldorf -- 8 September 1849 ) was a German physician .
He received an M.B.A. in Finance from Mumbai University . In January 2013,Dhilin Mehta was arrested by the Rajasthan Police at the international airport in Mumbai , just hours before he was scheduled to board a flight to Dubai . But he got bail on the same day .
Anne Line Gjersem was born together with a twin sister , Camilla , on 6 January 1994 in Hønefoss , Norway .
William Chann McRae ( born October 11 , 1971 ) is an American professional road bicycle racer from Albany , Georgia .
Stephan Ludwig Roth ( November 24 , 1796 in Mediaș -- May 11 , 1849 in Cluj ) was a Transylvanian Saxon intellectual , pedagogue and Lutheran pastor .
Suad Švraka ( born 6 October 1927 in Sarajevo , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a retired Bosnian and Yugoslav professional footballer .
Elizabeth Jane Gardner ( October 4 , 1837 -- January 28 , 1922 ) was an American academic and salon painter , who was born in Exeter , New Hampshire .
Jussi Niinistö ( born October 27 , 1970 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish politician and the current Minister of Defence .
Nikki Amuka - Bird was born in Delta , Nigeria , where her father lives .
Keyes was born in Meridian , Mississippi , as John Gregory Keyes , to a large , diverse , storytelling family .
Gregory Blaxland was born 17 June 1778 at Fordwich , Kent , England , the fourth son of John Blaxland , mayor from 1767 to 1774 , whose family had owned estates nearby for generations , and Mary , daughter of Captain Parker , R.N. Gregory attended The King 's School , Canterbury .
Dennis Appiah ( /ˈæpɪɑː/ API - ah ; born 9 June 1992 in Toulouse ) is a French football player of Ghanaian descent who currently plays for club Caen in Ligue 1 .
Ani Amiraghyan ( Armenian : Անի Ամիրաղյան ; born 9 October 1993 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian tennis player .
Fra ' Ramon Despuig ( Catalan pronunciation : ( rəˈmon dəsˈputʃ ) ) ( Majorca , 1670 -- Malta , 1741 ) was the 67th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta .
Gerd Nagel ( born 22 October 1957 in Sulingen , Lower Saxony ) is a retired West German high jumper .
Sébastien Joly ( born 25 June 1979 in Tournon - sur - Rhône ) is a former French professional road racing cyclist , who competed as a professional between 2000 and 2011 .
Born in Decatur , Georgia , Amy Ray met Emily Saliers when they both attended the same high school .
He was born in Haarlem , the son of a Catholic art dealer also named Jan Wijnants .
Heinrich Bullinger was born to Heinrich Bullinger senior , dean of the capitular church , and Anna Wiederkehr , at Bremgarten , Aargau .
Tomasz Mendelski ( born May 21 , 1981 in Olsztyn ) is a Polish sprint canoer .
Francis Kurkdjian ( born in Paris on May 14 , 1969 ) is a French contemporary perfumer and winner of the Prix François Coty in 2001 for his lifetime achievements .
Weston Ochse ( born 1965 in Gillette , Wyoming ) is an American author and educator .
Didier Notheaux ( born 4 February 1948 in Déville - lès - Rouen , Seine - Maritime ) is a French football coach .
Iraj Pezeshkzad ( Persian : ایرج پزشکزاد ‎‎ , Iraj Pezeškzâd , born 1928 in Tehran ) is an Iranian writer and author of the famous Persian novel Dā'i Jān Napoleon ( Dear Uncle Napoleon , translated as My Uncle Napoleon ) published in the early 1970s .
After the Abitur in Warsaw Arnold Walfisz studied ( 1909−14 and 1918−21 ) in Munich , Berlin , Heidelberg and Göttingen .
Hemlal Bhattrai is a Bhutanese international footballer who plays for Thimphu City in the Bhutan A - Division .
Marian Pană ( born 24 December 1968 in Moreni ) is a retired professional footballer .
Trude Dothan was born in 1922 in Vienna , from where her parents emigrated to Mandatory Palestine the very next year .
Evsey Domar was born on April 16 , 1914 in the Polish city of Łódź , which was part of Russia at that time .
Oscar Almgren ( November 9 , 1869 , Stockholm -- May 13 , 1945 ) was a Swedish archaeologist specializing in prehistoric archaeology .
Kevin Jobling ( born 1 January 1968 in Sunderland ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester City , Grimsby Town and Shrewsbury Town , and in non - league football for Telford United .
Mariano Rivera Paz was born in Guatemala City and studied Law in Royal and Pontifical University of San Carlos Borromeo .
Mirza Varešanović ( born 31 May 1972 in Sarajevo , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a retired Bosnian footballer and Manager .
Zoran Karić ( Serbian : Зоран Карић , pronounced ( ˈzorɑn ˈkaːritɕ ) ; born 1 August 1961 in Kačarevo , Yugoslavia ) is a retired Yugoslavian soccer forward who began his career with FK Partizan before spending seventeen seasons playing indoor soccer in the United States .
Carlos Conca was born in the capital Santiago de Chile ( Chile ) on November 3 , 1954 .
Tommy Quickly ( born Thomas Quigley , 7 July 1945 , Norris Green , Liverpool , Lancashire , England ) was a Liverpool rock and roll singer in the early 1960s .
Edmondo Della Valle ( born in Arce on 16 November 1904 ) was an Italian professional football player .
Aatif Chahechouhe ( Arabic : عاطف شحشوح‎ ; born 2 July 1986 in Fontenay - aux - Roses ) is a French - born Moroccan football player who currently plays for Turkish side Sivasspor .
Fatali Khan of Quba or Fath Ali - Khan of Quba ( Persian : فتحعلی‌خان قبه‌ای‎‎ ; Azerbaijani : Fətəli xan Qubalı or Fətx Əli - xan Qubalı ; 1736 - March 29 , 1789 ) -- was a prominent ruler and statestman of the Quba Khanate ( 1758 - -1789 ) of the 18th century .
Josip Topić ( born October 22 , 1982 in Bugojno ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Union Thalheim in Austria
Sam Lazar ( born 1933 ) was an American pianist and Hammond organist originally from St. Louis , Missouri .
The son of Mary Lee ( née Baird ) and Douglas Rapp , Adam Rapp was born in Chicago and spent most of his youth in Joliet , Illinois .
Houcine Slaoui ( pronounced Husyn Slawi , Arabic : حسين السلاوي‎ ) ( real name Houcine Ben Bouchaïb ) ( 1921 in Salé -- 1951 ) is a Moroccan singer and composer who had a considerable influence on early - modern Moroccan Chaabi music .
Nicolae Titulescu was born in Craiova , the son of a solicitor .
Prince Karl Anton of Hohenzollern - Sigmaringen ( German : Karl Anton Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig Prinz von Hohenzollern - Sigmaringen ) ( 1 September 1868 -- 21 February 1919 ) was a member of the Princely House of Hohenzollern - Sigmaringen .
Ida Andersen ( born 1968 ) is a Norwegian sailor from Tønsberg , and world champion from 1987 .
Hermann Joha ( born February 17 , 1960 in Lohr , Bavaria ) is a German television producer .
Pradeep Chandran born and bought up in Thiruvananthapuram .
Georg Feig was born on 27 February 1899 , in the town of Annaberg in Saxony , Germany to Karl and Mina Feig .
Matt Spear ( born December 2 , 1970 in Winston - Salem , North Carolina ) is an American soccer coach .
Kuzman Babeu ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кузман Бабеу ; born 4 November 1971 in Belgrade ) is a retired Serbian , of Romanian origin , football player and currently is starting a career as football manager .
Mo'ayyad Salim Mansour ( born April 1 , 1976 in Iraq ) is a retired Jordanian football player of Palestinian origin .
György Orbán ( born 12 July 1947 in Târgu Mureș , Romania ) is a Transylvania - born Hungarian composer .
Ivica Todorić ( Zagreb , 1951 ) is a Croatian businessman and economist .
George Engelmann was born in Frankfurt am Main , Germany , the oldest of thirteen children , nine of whom reached maturity .
Geraldine Carroll ( born 21 August 1968 , Newmarket , England ) , known as Dina Carroll , is a British singer of Scottish and African American heritage who had a string of hits during the 1990s as well as two platinum albums .
Charles Wels ( August 24 , 1825 in Prague -- May 12 , 1906 in New York City ) was a Bohemian - American pianist , organist , composer , and music teacher .
Tom Aspell ( 1950 -- February 11 , 2013 ) was a New Zealand - born U.S. television news producer , foreign correspondent , and cameraman .
Manuel Reuter ( born 6 December 1961 in Mainz ) is a German former race car driver .
ZZ Packer ( born January 12 , 1973 Chicago , Illinois ) is an American writer of short fiction .
Fiorella Migliore Llanes ( born 27 January 1989 in Asunción ) is a Paraguayan model , beauty queen , actress and television presenter .
Paul Botten - Hansen ( 1824 - -1869 ) was a Norwegian librarian , book collector , magazine editor and literary critic , born in Sel in Gudbrandsdalen .
Squadron Leader Peter Rothwell ( 20 October 1920 -- 20 December 2010 ) was an English bomber pilot in World War II . Rothwell was born in Bristol , the son of a vicar .
Masoud Hedayatifard ( Persian : مسعود هدایتی‌فرد‎ ) , born in Babol , ( Mazandaran , Northern province ) , Iran is a specialist in Fishery science and industries .
Murat Saygıner ( born February 28 , 1989 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a visionary artist who works in the fields of art photography and computer graphics , and is also known as a digital artist , filmmaker and composer .
Eelco Martinus ten Harmsen van der Beek ( more commonly Harmsen van der Beek or just Beek ; October 8 , 1897 in Amsterdam -- July 24 , 1953 in Blaricum ) was a Dutch illustrator and commercial artist .
Léonide Massine was born in Moscow and was a ballet student at the Imperial Theater School in that city .
Mohammed El Berkani or Elberkani ( born 13 December 1982 in Heerlen ) is a Dutch footballer of Moroccan descent .
Olivier Chevallier ( born February 6 , 1949 in Vendôme , Loir - et - Cher - April 6 , 1980 ) was a French professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Cyril Cinélu , born 23 January 1987 in Lagny - sur - Marne , is a Francophone singer originally from Martinique who won the sixth season of Star Academy on 22 December 2006 .
Heinrich Sudermann ( 31 August 1520 -- 7 September 1591 ) was an official of the Hanseatic League from Cologne .
Mark Peploe ( born 1943 in Kenya ) is a screenwriter and film director .
Yanic Truesdale ( born March 17 , 1970 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian actor best known for his portrayal of Michel Gerard in the television series Gilmore Girls , a role that prompted Daily Variety to name him one of `` 10 Actors to Watch '' .
Maria Arbatova ( originally Gavrilina ) was born in 1957 in Murom .
Dariusz Łatka ( born September 14 , 1978 in Kraków ) is a Polish football player currently playing for Bałtyk Gdynia in the Polish III liga .
Adam Mansbach of the San Francisco Chronicle wrote : `` Franz Lidz brings thorough research and a deft , journalistic touch to this brief , readable tale , ( and ) does an elegant job of situating the famously odd brothers ' lives within the context of a changing New York City . ''
Cleidimar Magalhães Silva , commonly known as Didi ( born 10 September 1982 in Itabira , Minas Gerais ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker .
Francesco Vottari ( born July 16 , 1971 in Locri , Calabria ) , also known as Cicciu u Frunzu , is a boss of the ' Ndrangheta from San Luca in Calabria .
Otacílio Gonçalves da Silva Junior ( born 16 June 1940 in Santa Maria ) is a former Brazilian football manager who was last active as the Manager of Paraná .
Son Sen was born in the village of Huong Hoa , Trà Vinh Province in southern Vietnam to a minor landowning family of Khmer descent .
Judy Minx was born in Paris and is Tunisian and Algerian descent .
Julio César Morales Zavala ( born December 19 , 1993 in Glendale , California ) is a Mexican - American footballer who currently plays for Mexican third division side Club Loros de la Universidad de Colima .
Vuk Ćosić ( born July 31 , 1966 in Belgrade ) , graduated from Univerzitet u Beogradu ( The university of Belgrade ) and earned a BA in Archaeology in 1991 , emigrating that year to Trieste , Italy , and the following year to the newly independent Slovenia .
Zomilla Hegyi ( born October 31 , 1989 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian - Spanish sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s .
Régis Campo , born in Marseille in 1968 , is a French composer .
Maurice Kendall was born in Kettering , Northamptonshire as the only child of John Roughton Kendall and Georgina Brewer .
George Coleman De Kay ( born in New York City in 1802 ; died in Washington , D.C. , 31 January 1849 ) was a naval officer .
Steve Hodson ( born Bradford , West Riding of Yorkshire , 5 November 1947 ) is a British actor who played the role of Steve Ross in Follyfoot .
Qian Lin ( simplified Chinese : 钱琳 ; traditional Chinese : 銭琳 ; pinyin : Qián Lín ; born March 11 , 1991 in Hangzhou , Zhejiang , China ) , better known in Japan as Linlin ( リンリン ) , is a former Morning Musume member and leader of the Hello !
Tom Georgeson ( born 8 August 1937 in Liverpool , Lancashire ) is an English actor , known for his television and film work .
Cheng King Ho ( Chinese : 鄭璟昊 ; Jyutping : zeng6 ging2 hou6 , born 7 November 1989 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong Premier League side Eastern .
Robert Bauval ( born 5 March 1948 in Alexandria , Egypt ) is a Belgian author , lecturer , and Ancient Egypt researcher , best known for his Orion Correlation Theory .
Nadia Hussain ( Urdu : نادیہ حسین‎ ) ( born January 11 , 1979 Karachi ) is a Pakistani television actress , host , model entrepreneur and fashion designer .
Wayne Lai Yiu - cheung ( Chinese : 黎耀祥 ; born 4 May 1964 ) is a Hong Kong TVB actor .
Director / writer Salvador Carrasco was born in Mexico City and now resides in Santa Monica , California .
Daryn Tufts ( born April 1 , 1973 in Arcadia , California ) is a writer , director , producer , and actor .
Friedrich Gustav Jaeger -- sometimes known as `` Fritz '' -- was born in Kirchberg an der Jagst , a small town in eastern Württemberg ( now part of Baden - Württemberg ) to the district doctor ( later chief doctor ) , Franz Jaeger and his wife Sofie Katharina ( née Schirndinger von Schirnding ) .
Paul Lambrichts ( born 16 October 1954 , Lanklaar ) is a retired Belgian footballer .
Paolo Serraino ( born March 21 , 1942 in Cardeto ) , is an Italian criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta in Calabria .
Kazimierz Chodziński was born in 1861 in Łańcut , partitioned Poland .
Mabel Seeley ( née Hodnefield ) ( March 25 , 1903 Herman , Minnesota -- 1991 ) was an American mystery writer .
Milton Obote was born at Akokoro village in Apac district in northern Uganda .
Carel S. Scholten ( Amsterdam , 1925 -- 2009 ) was a physicist and a pioneer of computing .
Paul You ll ( born 1965 in Hartlepool , England ) is a science fiction and fantasy artist and illustrator .
Smedley Butler was born July 30 , 1881 , in West Chester , Pennsylvania , the eldest of three sons .
Şerif Yaçağaz ( 1876 ; Pazardjik ( Pazardzhik ) - October 5 , 1938 ; ? ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army .
Shannon Emerick ( Born in Dallas , Texas ) is an American actress who has voiced in a number of English - language localizations of Japanese anime shows with ADV Films and Seraphim Digital .
Duncan Kgopolelo ( born 24 September 1974 ) is a Botswana footballer who currently plays as a striker for Police XI . He played for the Botswana national football team between 2003 and 2006 .
Edward Whymper was born in London , England on 27 April 1840 to the artist and wood engraver Josiah Wood Whymper and Elizabeth Claridge .
Paula Bzura ( born September 4 , 1990 in Białystok ) is a Polish short - track speed - skater .
Sarah Oppenheimer ( b. 1972 Austin , Texas ) is a visual artist based in New York City .
Gisela Morón ( born January 25 , 1977 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish synchronized swimmer .
Władysław Raczkiewicz was born in Kutaisi , the second - largest city in Georgia , at that time part of the Russian Empire to Polish parents Józef Raczkiewicz , a court judge , and Ludwika Łukaszewicz .
Liao Chengjian ( Chinese : 廖承坚 ; Pinyin : Liào Chéngjiān ; born 4 January 1993 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League Two side Heilongjiang Lava Spring .
Matt Reiswerg ( born July 3 , 1980 in Indianapolis ) was an American soccer ( football ) player and coach .
Born in Des Moines , Iowa , Frank Wykoff has a place in track and field history by being the first man to ever win three Olympic relay gold medals , all in world record time .
Born in Paris on 27 November 1898 , Jacques Stosskopf was of Alsatian origin and spoke fluent German .
Vashti Bunyan was born in Newcastle upon Tyne in 1945 to John and Helen Bunyan , and moved to London at six months old .
Diego Pereira Corrêa or simply Diego ( born September 18 , 1983 in Macaé ) , is a Brazilian left back who plays for CRB .
Ally Scott ( born 26 August 1950 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish former professional football player who is best known for his time with Rangers and Hibernian .
Jon Frear was born in Salt Lake City , Utah , the son of Linda , a paralegal , and Joseph Frear , a Radiographer .
Giuseppe Falcomatà ( born September 18 , 1983 in Reggio Calabria ) is a lawyer and an Italian politician .
Sigrid Combüchen was born in Solingen in the Ruhr territory ) .
Antonín Brabec ( born April 2 , 1946 in Dolní Kounice ) is a former Czechoslovak slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s .
Archbishop Francis Mansour Zayek ( born on October 18 , 1920 , Manzanillo , Cuba -- died on September 14 , 2010 ) was a prelate of the Maronite Church .
Harald Walter Bernhard Schubring ( Berlin - Schöneberg , born 9 September 1942 ) , stage name Ted Herold , is a German Schlager singer .
Noël Browne was born in Waterford and grew up in Derry , Athlone and Ballinrobe .
Vrishasen Dabholkar ( Marathi : वृषसेंन दाभोळकर ) is an Indian film actor born and brought up in Pune , Mahanrashtra .
Peter - Erich Cremer , also known by the nickname `` Ali Cremer '' , was born in Metz , Alsace - Lorraine , on 25 March 1911 .
Herbert William Richmond ( born on the 17 July 1863 in Tottenham , England ) was a mathematician who studied the Cremona--
Gabriele Dara was born on 8 January 1826 in Palazzo Adriano , a town in Sicily , southern Italy .
Collazo ( birth name : Oscar Collazo López ) was born in what is now Florida , Puerto Rico .
J. Edward Pawlick ( 27 April 1927 , New York City-7 October 2007 , Weston , Massachusetts ) was a Massachusetts lawyer , publisher and anti - gay activist .
Fran Silvestre Arquitectos is a studio based in Valencia made up a multidisciplinary group of architects founded in 2005 by architect Fran Silvestre .
Henri - Georges Clouzot was born in Niort , France , to mother Suzanne Clouzot and father Georges Clouzout , a book store owner .
Winston Groom was born in Washington , D.C. , and was raised in Mobile County , Alabama , where he attended University Military School ( now known as UMS - Wright Preparatory School ) .
Noel Larkin ( born 6 January 1955 in Athlone ) is a former Irish footballer who played for Athlone Town , Shamrock Rovers and Derry City .
Audrey La Rizza ( born April 21 , 1981 in Grenoble ) is a French judoka , who played for the half - lightweight category .
Wu Weian ( simplified Chinese : 吴伟安 ; traditional Chinese : 吳偉安 ; pinyin : Wú Wěiān ; Jyutping : Ng4 Wai5 On1 ; born September 1 , 1981 in Meizhou , Guangdong ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Shenzhen FC in the China League One .
Federico Jordan Gomez ( born April 2 , 1969 in Torreón , Coahuila ) is an editorial illustrator .
The Archbishop Anton Vovk ( 19 May 1900 -- 7 July 1963 ) was born in the village of Vrba in Upper Carniola in the same house where the poet France Prešeren had been born 100 years earlier ( Vovk was Prešeren 's grand - nephew because his grandmother Marija `` Mina '' Volk was Prešeren 's sister ) .
Jacques Teugels ( Ixelles , 3 August 1946 ) is a retired Belgian footballer .
Rolfe was born in Heacham , Norfolk , England as the son of John Rolfe and Dorothea Mason , and was baptised on 6 May 1585 .
Sébastien Pourcel ( born February 11 , 1985 in Martigues , Bouches - du - Rhône ) is a French professional motocross racer competing in the FIM MX1-GP Motocross World Championships .
Larry Aldrich ( June 13 , 1906 in Manhattan -- October 26 , 2001 ) was an American fashion designer , art collector , and founder of the Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum in Ridgefield , Connecticut .
Pedro Guilherme - Moreira ( Porto , 1969 ) is a Portuguese lawyer and novelist .
Gabriele Paleotti ( 4 October 1522 -- 22 July 1597 ) was an Italian Cardinal and Archbishop of Bologna .
Pam MacKinnon ( born January 8 , 1968 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American theatre director .
Laurence Mark Wythe ( born 8 February 1974 , Ashford , Kent , England ) is an award winning English composer , lyricist and writer for West End , international and Off - Broadway musicals .
Anette Norberg ( born 12 November 1966 ) is a retired Swedish curler from Härnösand .
Nicolas - Germain Léonard ( 16 March 1744 -- 26 January 1793 ) was a poet and one of Guadeloupe 's first writers .
Belisarius was probably born in Germane or Germania , a fortified town ( some archaeological remains exist ) on the site of present day Sapareva Banya in south - west Bulgaria , in the borders of Thrace and Illyria .
Maciej Murawski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmat͡ɕɛj muˈrafskʲi ) ) ( born 20 February 1974 in Zielona Góra ) is a Polish former football player .
Wilton Lines ( fl . 1889 - -1890 ) was an English professional footballer born in Birmingham .
Giuseppe Cammarano ( 4 June 1766 -- 8 October 1850 ) was an Italian painter and leader of the Academy of Arts in his birthplace of Sciacca , Sicily .
Massimo Marchiori ( Padua , 1970 ) is an Italian mathematician and computer scientist .
Hans von Storch ( born 13 August 1949 in Wyk auf Föhr , Schleswig - Holstein ) is a German climate scientist .
Jan Martens ( born Eindhoven , 19 April 1939 ) is a Dutch painter .
Fernando Baquedano was born in Santiago , the son of Miguel Baquedano y Zebreros and of Isidora Rodríguez Rojas .
Cameron Jackson ( born 16 February 1986 , Děčín , Czechoslovakia ) is a former pornographic actor who appeared in video and photographic productions , predominately gay bareback , and occasionally in transsexual , heterosexual and bisexual productions and pornographic magazines .
Dragan Ćeran ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дpaган Ћepaн ; born 6 October 1987 in Kikinda ) is a Serbian football striker who plays for FK Vardar .
Saint Romedius ( Italian : San Romedio ; died c. 4th century ) was a son of the Tyrolese count of Thaur in the Inn valley near Innsbruck ) .
Anna Perera is a London - born writer .
Harmodio Arias Madrid ( 3 July 1886 , in Penonomé , Coclé Province -- 1963 ) was Panamanian politician .
Nirmal Verma was born on 3 April 1929 in Shimla , where his father worked as an officer in the Civil and Serbices Department of the British Indian Government .
Cryer was born Donald David Cryer in Evanston , Illinois , the son of Pauline ( née Spitler ) ( 1910 - 1952 ) and Donald Walter Cryer ( 1909 - 1988 ) , a well - known Methodist minister in the West Ohio Conference .
Ryan Anstey ( born May 13 , 1983 in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island ) is a Canadian former professional soccer player .
Andrew Harwood Mills ( born on 5 January 1980 in Halifax , West Yorkshire ) is an English actor .
Anthony Chenevix - Trench , born at Kasauli on 10 May 1919 , was the youngest of four sons born to the couple , the older ones being Christopher , Richard and Godfrey .
The son of a Russian - Jewish fur haulier , Nikolaus Pevsner was born in Leipzig , Saxony .
Lopo Soares de Albergaria ( Lisbon , c. 1460 -- Torres Vedras , c. 1520 ) was the third Governor of Portuguese India , having reached India in 1515 to supersede governor Afonso de Albuquerque .
Sarah Shahi was born on January 10 , 1980 , in Euless , Texas , and raised there .
Georg Balthasar Metzger ( 23 September 1623 -- 9 October 1687 ) was a German physician and scientist notable as one of the four founding members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina in Schweinfurt .
Gian Luigi Gessa is a professor of Neuropsychopharmacology at the University of Cagliari , where he has led for a long time the Department of Neurosciences .
Theodor von Dusch ( 17 September 1824 - 1890 ) was a German physician who was the native of Karlsruhe .
Jean - Augustin Franquelin ( 1798 , in Paris -- 1839 , in Paris ) , was instructed by Regnault , and became known through his works , representing scenes in public life , conversation - pieces , & c. , which have often been copied .
Jörg Kuebart was born in Allenstein , East Prussia ( today Olsztyn , Poland ) .
Meltem Arıkan ( born January 7 , 1968 in Ankara ) is a Turkish novelist and playwright .
David Giménez Carreras ( born in Barcelona in 1964 ) is a Spanish conductor .
Ángel Pacheco ( Buenos Aires , April 13 , 1793 -- Ditto . , September 25 , 1869 ) , was an Argentine military officer trained by José de San Martín who later became one of the top commanders in the Confederacy during the dictatorship of Juan Manuel de Rosas .
Robert Vaden attended Cathedral High School and Pike High School in Indianapolis , Indiana and Bridgton Academy in Bridgton , Maine .
José Dutra dos Santos , usually known simply as Dutra ( born on January 26 , 1948 in Rio de Janeiro , Rio de Janeiro state ) , is a Brazilian retired footballer .
Hans - Henrik Ørsted ( born December 13 , 1954 in Grenå ) is a Danish former professional track cyclist and multi - medalist in the Olympics and World Championships at pursuit .
Mike DiMeo ( born November 29 , 1968 in New York City ) is a hard rock / heavy metal vocalist , best known for his work in the band Riot , which he left in late 2006 .
Mahdi al - Harati ( born c. 1973 ) is an Irish - Libyan politician and former co - commander of the Tripoli Brigade during the Libyan Civil War .
Marios Elia ( Greek : Μάριος Ηλία ; born April 14 , 1979 in Nicosia ) is a retired Cypriot professional footballer and current assistant manager of Chrysis Michael at Cypriot Second Division side Olympiakos Nicosia .
Tiago Adan Fonseca or simply Tiago Adan ( born March 14 , 1988 in Votorantim ) , is a Brazilian striker who is currently playing for the Brazilin club América de Natal .
Michał Janota ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmixaw jaˈnɔta ) ; born 29 July 1990 in Gubin ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a winger for Górnik Zabrze .
Sébastien Heitzmann ( born 11 September 1979 in Lyon ) is a retired French football striker who last played for Amiens SC .
Julien Bahain ( born April 20 , 1986 in Angers ) is a rower of French / Canadian origin .
Laura Aguilar ( born San Gabriel , California , 1959 ) is an American photographer .
Along with several other members of Rock Steady Crew , Ken Swift performed regularly in local clubs at events such as Negril , Danceteria , the Kitchen and the Roxy , and he participated in the world 's very first International Hip Hop tour ' ' New York City Rap `` .
Franz Mattenklott was born on 19 November 1884 in Grünberg , a city in the Prussian Province of Silesia ( Provinz Schlesien ) ( since 1945 the city is named Zielona Góra and belongs to Poland ) to Dietrich Mattenklott and his wife Elfriede , née Duttenhöfer .
Jochen Sachse ( born 2 October 1948 in Frankenberg , Saxony ) is an East German former track and field athlete who competed mainly in the hammer throw .
Bill Crider ( born 1941 in Mexia , Texas ) is an American author of Mystery fiction .
Sam Gilliam was born in Tupelo , Mississippi and was the seventh of eight children born to Sam and Estery Gilliam .
Suzanne Enoch ( born California ) is an American author of best - selling contemporary and historical Regency romance novels .
Agostino Cilardo , ( San Prisco , 1947 ) is an Italian professor , Arabist and specialist in islamic studies .
Ignacio Zuloaga y Zabaleta ( July 26 , 1870 -- October 31 , 1945 ) was a Basque painter , born in Eibar ( Guipuzcoa ) , near the monastery of Loyola .
Tiina - Rakel Liekki ( born September 20 , 1979 in Suonenjoki ) is a Finnish artist , freelance journalist , writer , director and producer , and former pornographic actress .
Albert Cartier , born November 22 , 1960 , in Vesoul , Haute - Saône , is a former football player and current manager .
Lukas Mathies ( born March 15 , 1991 in Schruns ) is an Austrian alpine snowboarder .
Rhoda Montemayor ( born 31 May 1979 in London ) is an actress and dancer of Filipino heritage .
Benedetto Santapaola ( born June 4 , 1938 ) , better known as Nitto is a prominent mafioso from Catania , the main city and industrial centre on Sicily 's east coast .
João Moreira Salles ( Rio de Janeiro , born 1962 ) is a Brazilian documentarian and president of the Instituto Moreira Salles .
June Rae Wood grew up in Versailles , Missouri , with 7 siblings : 4 brothers and 3 sisters .
Anthony D. G. Pratt ( born 27 November 1937 ) is a British production designer from London , England .
Hallvard Flatland ( born 10 February 1957 in Flatdal , Seljord ) , is a Norwegian television presenter .
Abdoulaye Soumah ( born November 12 , 1985 in Conakry ) is a Guinean football player whocurrently plays for AS Batè Nafadji .
Meghan Allen ( born November 12 , 1980 in Meadville , Pennsylvania ) is an American softcore model and reality show contestant .
Petrik Sander ( born 17 November 1960 in Quedlinburg ) is a German former footballer and current manager of TuS Koblenz .
Harold Gaba ( born January 22 , 1946 , in Oakland ) ( aka Hal Gaba ) was the CEO and President of Act III Communications Holdings , L.P , a U.S. film production company .
Primož Kozmus ( born September 30 , 1979 in Novo Mesto ) is a Slovenian hammer thrower .
Joseph O'Beirne was born on 15 June 1900 in the town of Waterford in south - east Ireland .
John Morris Sheppard was born in Morris County in east Texas , the oldest of seven children , to lawyer and later judge and United States Representative John Levi Sheppard , and his wife , the former Margaret Alice Eddins .
John Scaddan was born in Moonta , South Australia , into a Cornish Australian family .
Ricky Rudd was born in Norfolk County , Virginia , now Chesapeake , the son of Margaret ( née McMannen ) and Alvin R. Rudd , Sr . , the president of Al Rudd Auto Parts .
Nadezhda Durova was born in an army camp at Kiev , the daughter of a Russian major .
Lauritz Schoof ( born 7 October 1990 in Rendsburg ) is a German rower ) .
Monsef Zerka ( Arabic : منصف زرقا‎ , born 30 August 1981 in Orléans ) is a French - born Moroccan professional footballer .
Keith Hunter Jesperson was born on 6 April 1955 , to Leslie ( Les ) and Gladys Jesperson in Chilliwack , British Columbia , the middle child with two brothers and two sisters .
Louise Wallis was born in 1964 , into a musical family in Birmingham , England .
Oscar Howe ( Mazuha Hokshina or `` Trader Boy '' , May 13 , 1915 -- October 7 , 1983 ) was an Yanktonai Dakota artist from South Dakota , who became well known for his casein and tempera paintings .
William Owusu Acheampong ( born September 13 , 1989 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Antwerp , as a striker .
Ryan began his swimming career in Port Augusta , where the Ryan Mitchell municipal swimming center is named after him today .
Juan Eduardo Fierro Ribera ( born June 23 , 1988 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra ) is a Bolivian football who plays for Bolivian First Division club Universitario de Sucre and the Bolivian national team .
Maria Dahvana Headley ( born June 21 , 1977 in Estacada , Oregon ) is an American novelist , memoirist , editor , and playwright .
Joshua Radin was born and raised in Shaker Heights , Ohio , to a Jewish family of Polish , German , Austrian , and Russian background .
Vivian Chow ( Chinese : 周慧敏 ; pinyin : Zhōu Huìmǐn ) is a Hong Kong - based Cantopop singer and actress .
Fabrizio Bentivoglio was born in Milan ( his father is Venetian ) .
Kyle Benedictus ( born 7 December 1991 , in Dundee ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a centre half .
Simon Kenton was born at the headwaters of Mill Run in the Bull Run Mountains on April 3 , 1755 , in what is now Fauquier County , Virginia to Mark Kenton , Sr . ( an immigrant from Ireland ) and Mary Miller Kenton ( whose family was Scots - Welsh in ancestry ) .
Anand Bakshi ( Bakhshi Anand Prakash Vaid ) was born in Rawalpindi , now in Pakistan , in 1930 .
Anhayla was born in Norfolk , Virginia and began singing at the age of 5 .
Michael Walchhofer ( born 28 April 1975 , in Radstadt ) is a former Austrian alpine ski racer .
Charles Kleiber ( b. 9 December 1942 in Moutier ) is a former Swiss state secretary .
Born on 12 March 1998 in Kirov , Kirov Oblast , Russia , Elizaveta Ukolova moved with her family to the Czech Republic when she was two years old .
Morgan Lamoisson ( born 7 September 1988 in Issoudun ) is a French cyclist currently riding for Direct Énergie .
Luca Pancalli ( born April 16 , 1964 in Rome ) is a sports manager and former swimmer .
Born in Uster on 16 April 1941 as the son of Mary Ida ( née Wunderli ) and Carlo Demetrio Sablonier , Roger Sablonier grew up with two sisters .
Federico Bruno ( born 18 June 1993 in Concordia , Entre Ríos ) is an Argentine middle- and long - distance runner .
Wafaa Lamrani ( born 1960 , in Ksar el - Kebir ) is a Moroccan poet .
Juan Carlos Chirinos García ( Valera , May 3 , 1967 ) is a Venezuelan writer and creative writing teacher .
Gary Bellamy ( born July 4 , 1962 in Worksop ) is an English former professional footballer .
Bodo Schmidt ( born September 3 , 1967 in Niebüll ) is a German football coach and a former player who is currently managing SV Frisia 03 Risum - Lindholm .
Alex Zanardi was born in Bologna , Italy , as the son of Anna and Dino and moved with his family to the village of Castel Maggiore on the outskirts of the city when he was four .
Rita Wilden , née Jahn ( born 9 October 1947 in Leipzig ) is a German athlete , who competed mainly in the 400 metres .
Sherry Jackson ( born February 15 , 1942 , Wendell , Idaho ) is an American actress and former child star .
Patrick Dimbala ( born 20 September 1982 in Kinshasa ) is a Congolese - Belgian footballer who currently plays for Dender EH in the Belgian Third Division .
Ursula Engelen - Kefer ( born 20 June 1943 in Prague ) held the position of Deputy Chairman of the German Confederation of Trade Unions ( Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund ; DGB ) from 1990 to 2006 .
Cliff Bayer ( born June 24 , 1977 , in New York City ) is an American two - time Olympian foil fencer .
Alain de Mijolla ( born 15 May 1933 , Paris ) is a French psychoanalyst and psychiatrist .
Mikuláš Konopka ( born 23 January 1979 in Rimavská Sobota , Banská Bystrica ) is a retired Slovak shot putter .
Born in New York City , New York , Johnny Hope was one of four children born to James `` Old Jimmy '' Hope in 1856 .
Jean Fournet ( born in Rouen 14 April 1913 -- died in Weesp 3 November 2008 ) was a French conductor .
Jacques Scherer was educated at the Ecole Normale Supérieure and then studied at the Sorbonne University in Paris , gaining his doctorate .
Lance E. Nichols ( born July 13 , 1955 ) is an American actor from New Orleans , Louisiana , best known for playing dentist Larry Williams on Treme .
Jaroslav Radoň ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjaroslaf ˈradoɲ ) ; born 3 September 1986 in Kutná Hora ) is a Czech sprint canoeist .
Gustavo Fuentes ( born 8 April 1973 in Buenos Aires ) is a former Argentine footballer who plays as a striker .
Fabio Fabiani ( born October 13 , 1974 in Ravenna ) is an Italian auto racing driver .
Nicole Boegman - Stewart , formerly married Staines ( born 5 March 1967 in Sydney ) is a retired Australian long jumper .
José de los Santos Berreyesa was born in Yerba Buena ( present day San Francisco ) in northern Alta California of Mexico .
Ramzi Safouri ( Arabic : رمزي ســفــوري‎ , Hebrew : רמזי ספורי‎ ; born October 21 , 1995 ) is an Arab - Israeli footballer who currently plays at Hapoel Tel Aviv .
Sahiba also known as Sahiba Afzal is a Pakistani film actress based in Lahore , born Madiha , daughter of actress Nisho .
Gabriela Lena Frank ( born Berkeley , California , United States , September 1972 ) is an American pianist and composer of contemporary classical music .
S. Janaki was born on 23 April 1938 in a Telugu - speaking family in Pallapatla , Repalle Town , in Guntur , Madras Presidency , British India ( now in Andhra Pradesh ) .
Tanya Donelly ( born July 14 , 1966 , in Newport , Rhode Island ) is an American Grammy - nominated singer - songwriter and guitarist based in New England who co - founded Throwing Muses with her stepsister Kristin Hersh .
Thomas Nathaniel Davies ( 1922 - -1996 ) was a Welsh artist and teacher , born in Dowlais , Merthyr Tydfil , Wales .
Frederick James Furnivall was born at Egham , Surrey , the son of a surgeon who had made his fortune from running the Great Fosters lunatic asylum .
Clarence H. Miller ( born c. 1930 in Kansas City , Missouri ) is an American professor emeritus of English at Saint Louis University .
Annie Walke or Anne Fearon Walke ( 1877 Banstead , Surrey - 1965 Penzance ) was an English artist .
Glenn McCuen was born on February 3 , 1991 in Baton Rouge , Louisiana to parents Glenn McCuen and Kathy Authement - McCuen .
Holly Peers ( born 30 July 1987 ) is an English glamour model , born in Manchester , England .
Jan Nezmar ( born 5 July 1977 in Opava ) is a former Czech football player who played as a striker or central defender .
Dzintars Ābiķis ( born June 3 , 1952 in Ventspils ) is a Latvian politician and a Deputy of the Saeima since 1993 .
Dakota Cochrane ( born May 1 , 1986 ) is a mixed martial artist from Fairbury , Nebraska .
Guido Maus ( born 5 November 1964 , Malmedy ) is a Belgian - born gallery owner , gallerist , curator , and long - time collector of contemporary art currently living and working in Birmingham , Alabama .
Brandon Hardesty was born in Baltimore , Maryland , the youngest child in the family .
Stanislav Moša ( 12 February 1956 , Nový Jičín ) is a Czech theatre and musical director , manager , lyricist and librettist .
Larisa Yurkiw ( born March 30 , 1988 ) is a Canadian World Cup alpine ski racer , specializing in the speed events of downhill and super - G. Born in Owen Sound , Ontario , Yurkiw made her World Cup debut at Altenmarkt - Zauchensee , Austria , in a downhill event in January 2007 .
Pervaiz Kaleem is a Pakistani film director , producer and writer based in Lahore .
James D. Miller was born in New York or New Jersey in 1830 , and arrived on the Pacific Coast in 1848 .
Marian Van Landingham was born in Albany , Georgia and graduated from Druid Hills High School in Atlanta in 1955 .
Jean - Paul Abadie was born in Lannemezan in the department of Hautes - Pyrénées .
Carpocrates of Alexandria was the founder of an early Gnostic sect from the first half of the 2nd century .
Parsa Pirouzfar ( Persian : پارسا پیروزفر‎‎ , born September 13 , 1972 in Tehran ) , is an Iranian actor and theater director .
Eyerusalem Kuma ( born 7 September 1981 in Addis Ababa ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner , who competes in marathons .
Juan Gasparini ( born 1949 in Azul , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentinian investigative journalist and author .
Martiros Sarukhanyan ( Martik Levonyan , 1873 , Shusha - 1895 , Garahisar mountain , Western Armenia ) was an Armenian fedayee , political activist .
Kathleen Kirkham ( April 15 , 1895 -- November 7 , 1961 ) was a silent film actress from Menominee , Michigan .
William Paul Roberts was born July 11 , 1841 in Gates County , North Carolina the son of John S. and Jane Roberts .
Frank Padavan ( born October 31 , 1934 , in Brooklyn , New York ) is an engineer and was a Republican New York state senator representing District 11 , located in Queens County .
Dziwisz was born in the village of Raba Wyżna to Stanisław Dziwisz , a railroad worker , and his wife , Zofia Bielarczyk .
Massoud Behnoud , ( مسعود بهنود in Persian ) a prominent Iranian journalist , historian and writer , was born on July 27 , 1947 in Tehran .
Ross Winn ( August 25 , 1871 - -August 8 , 1912 ) was an American anarchist writer and publisher from Texas who was mostly active within the Southern United States .
Franjo Šimić ( May 25 , 1900 near Gospić -- August 9 , 1944 in Mostar ) was a Croatian colonel , and later general , in the Croatian Home Guard .
David Xavier Cifu ( born July 17 , 1962 , New York City , New York ) is an American physiatrist , researcher , and medical educator .
Irina Karavayeva ( born 18 May 1975 in Krasnodar ) is a Russian trampolinist , competing at an international level since 1990 .
Richard Cansino ( born August 10 , 1953 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American voice actor .
Janet Suzman was born in Johannesburg to a Jewish family , the daughter of Betty ( née Sonnenberg ) and Saul Suzman , a wealthy tobacco importer .
Romualdas Ramanauskas ( born 4 February 1950 , Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian film and theater actor .
Richard Coke was born in 1829 in Williamsburg , Virginia , to John and Eliza ( Hankins ) Coke .
Antonio Ferrero was born into a poor family in Savona .
Born in Kizlyar , Dagestan , Roman Bagration enrolled in the Chuguevsk Cossack regiment as an uryadnik ( a Cossack NCO ) at the age of 13 ( 1791 ) .
Michael Spindler ( born 22 December 1942 in Berlin ) was president and CEO of Apple from 1993 to 1996 .
Kenji Treschuk ( born December 26 , 1982 in Honolulu , Hawaii ) is an American soccer player , currently for Wan Chai Sports Federation .
Jeroen Ketting ( born 10 November 1980 in Haarlem ) is a former Dutch professional footballer who last played as a striker for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Valeriy Kutsenko ( Ukrainian : Валерій Вікторович Куценко ; born 2 November 1986 in Kremenchuk , Poltava Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football player who is currently playing for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Gopal Ganesh Agarkar was born in a Koknastha Brahman family on 14 July 1856 in Tembhu , a Thembu village in , Karad Taluka Satara district of Maharashtra . He was friend of Nilkanth Tidke Agarkar had his primary education from Karad ( till 3rd Standard , English medium ) .
Robert Citerne ( born 10 February 1961 in Paris ) is a French wheelchair fencer , who earned four gold medals out of seven Paralympic participations .
Lana Wolf ( born 14 December 1975 in Wezep , Gelderland ) sang with many international artists , among which are The Trammps , George McCrae , Londonbeat , Frans Bauer , René Froger , Gerard Cox and Linda , Roos and Jessica as well as with the Metropole Orchestra .
Whitehouse was born in New York City , New York , the son of Mary Celine ( née Rand ) and career diplomat Charles Sheldon Whitehouse , and grandson of diplomat Sheldon Whitehouse .
On 26 July 1889 , Godwin von Brumowski was born into a military family in Wadowice , Galicia , in Poland .
Clive Gates ( born 11 March 1956 , Westminster , London ) was the keyboardist and synthesizer player of the synthpop band , New Musik , from 1979 until 1982 , replacing original member Nick Straker , who left to form the Nick Straker Band .
Zoran Cilinšek ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зopaн Цилиншек , born 20 March 1976 in Bečej ) is a Serbian retired football player .
Linda Corbould was raised in Tasmania , Australia and joined the RAAF in 1981 .
Artur Fonvizin was born on 11 January 1883 in Riga , Latvia , the son of a German - born forester .
Saroj Ghose , born in Kolkata , is an Indian science popularizer and museum maker .
Nikolai Vladimirovich Ivanov ( Russian : Николай Владимирович Иванов ; born January 24 , 1964 in Leningrad ( now Saint Petersburg ) ) is a Russian football referee .
Shen Jingdong ( Chinese : 沈敬东 ; pinyin : Shĕn Jìngdōng , born 1965 in Nanjing ) , is a contemporary Chinese artist , noted for his paintings and sculpture of Chinese iconography .
Walter Cartwright ( born January 1871 in Nantwich ) was an English footballer who played at half - back , although he could play at several positions .
Dinos Kouis ( Greek : Ντίνος Κούης ) was a Greek footballer who some say , was the best player ever to wear the jersey of Aris Thessaloniki .
Dušan Ivanov ( Born 17 February 1991 in Niš ) ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Иванов ) is a Serbian footballer who last played for Donji Srem .
Born in Cruz das Almas , Bahia , Zé Augusto started his career in Atlético Alagoinhas , and later moved to state giants Vitória in 1981 .
Dwight Schar grew up in rural northeast Ohio and graduated from Norwayne High School in 1960 .
Rodrigo Vieira Heffner , Rodrigo Heffner ( born September 8 , 1982 in Porto Alegre ) , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Santo André as right back .
Friedrich Honigmann ( 2 March 1841 in Düren -- 19 December 1913 in Aix - la - chapelle ) was a German coal entrepreneur .
Gabriele Morganti ( born 23 November 1958 in Senigallia ) is an Italian professional football player and manager .
Joaquín Miguel Elizalde ( August 2 , 1896 Manila - February 9 , 1965 Washington , D. C. ) was a Philippine statesman .
Denis Bédard ( born 1950 in Quebec City ) is a Canadian composer of organ works ( solo , duet , and with other instruments ) and choral pieces ( a cappella , with organ , and with piano ) .
Manuel Philes ( c. 1275 - -1345 ) , of Ephesus , Byzantine poet .
Djamila Rakhmatova ( Russian : Джамиля Рахматова ; born 19 September 1990 in Tashkent ) is a retired individual Uzbekistani rhythmic gymnast .
Arthur Trevor Lawless ( born 23 March 1932 in Cottam , Nottinghamshire , England ) , is an English footballer who played as a centre half in the Football League .
Fernando Manzaneque Sánchez ( February 4 , 1934 -- June 5 , 2004 ) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist born in Campo de Criptana .
Kasper Winther Jørgensen ( born 21 March 1985 , in Copenhagen ) is a Danish rower .
Born in Gibraltar 22 April 1736 to British military engineer James Gabriel Montresor and his first wife , Mary Haswell , John Montresor spent his early life there ( and presumably on Minorca , where his father was briefly stationed ) .
Andrew Trim ( born 30 December 1968 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian flatwater canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s ( decade ) .
Warren Shouldice ( born April 1 , 1983 in Calgary ) is a retired Canadian freestyle skier .
Steffi Nerius ( born 1 July 1972 in Bergen auf Rügen , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern ) is a German athlete competing in the javelin throw .
Francesco Cappuccio ( unknown -- December 5 , 1892 ) , better known as Ciccio Cappuccio or ' O Signorino , was a legendary Guappo and the capintesta ( head - in - chief ) of the Camorra , a Mafia - type organisation in Naples in Italy , in the last half of the 19th century .
Born in Minsk , Dzmitry Us graduated from the University of Hrodna .
Zhou Weihui ( simplified Chinese : 周卫慧 ; traditional Chinese : 周衛慧 ; pinyin : Zhōu Wèihuì , born Ningbo , 1973 ) is a Chinese Post 70s Generation writer , living and working in Shanghai and New York City .
Born in Torrelavega , Cantabria , Pachín signed for Real Madrid in 1959 from Segunda División club CA Osasuna .
Frederick Rolf ( born Rolf Günther Friedrichs August 14 , 1926 in Berlin ) is an actor and director whose career spans British and American film , theater , television and opera .
Lope K. Santos was born in Pasig , Province of Manila ( now a part of Metro Manila ) , as Lope Santos y Canseco to Ladislao Santos , a native of Pasig and Victorina Canseco , a native of San Mateo on September 25 , 1879 .
Guo Shoujing ( Chinese : 郭守敬 ; pinyin : Guō Shǒujìng ; Wade -- Giles : Kuo Shou - ching , 1231 - -1316 ) , courtesy name Ruosi ( 若思 ) , was a Chinese astronomer , engineer , and mathematician born in Xingtai , Hebei who lived during the Yuan Dynasty ( 1271 - -1368 ) .
Tinarie Van Wyk - Loots ( born 17 December 1980 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is an actress known for her roles in War of the Worlds and Mojave Phone Booth .
Nikolay Punin was born in Helsingfors ( now Helsinki ) , Grand Duchy of Finland , into the family of Nikolay Mikhaylovich Punin , a Medical Doctor of the Imperial Russian Army stationed in Helsingfors .
Štěpánka Hilgertová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈʃcɛpaːŋka ˈɦɪlɡɛrtovaː ) ) ( née Prošková , born 10 April 1968 in Prague ) is a Czechoslovak - Czech slalom canoer who has competed since the late 1980s .
Stephen Lichtenbaum ( 1939 in Brooklyn ) is an American mathematician who is working in the fields of algebraic geometry , algebraic number theory and algebraic K - theory .
Barry Donachie ( born 21 December 1979 in Dundee ) is a Scottish footballer who is currently without a club following his release from Forfar Athletic .
Rear Admiral Samuel Perez , Jr. , a native of El Paso , Texas , graduated from the United States Naval Academy on May 28 , 1980 .
Christopher Theofanidis ( born December 18 , 1967 in Dallas , Texas ) is an American composer whose works have been performed by leading orchestras from around the world , including the London Symphony , the Philadelphia Orchestra , the Moscow Soloists , the National , Atlanta , Baltimore , St. Louis , Detroit , and many others .
Rade Bogdanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Раде Богдановић ; born 21 May 1970 in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player .
Luiz Fernando de Almeida da Silva ( born 14 January 1986 in Campo Grande ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a left back for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga .
Adam Hewison ( born 1945 , in Newcastle upon Tyne , England ) is a former professional floor trader and author , best known for his technical analysis of the currency markets .
Guy Warrack ( 6 February 1900 , Edinburgh - 12 February 1986 , Englefield Green ) was Scottish composer and conductor .
Idan Tal ( Hebrew : עידן טל‎ ; born 13 September 1975 in Jerusalem ) is a former Israeli professional footballer who now works as a manager .
Nathan Rutjes ( born 1 December 1983 in Rotterdam ) , is a Dutch footballer who plays for Dutch Eredivisie club Roda JC Kerkrade .
Francisco Antonio Manzanares , son of Jose Antonio Manzanares and Maria Manuela Valdez , was born in Abiquiú , New Mexico , on January 25 , 1843 .
Kelsey - Beth Crossley ( born 8 July 1992 ) is a British actress from Fleetwood , England , who played the part of Scarlett Nicholls , the secret teenage daughter of deceased millionaire Tom King and Carrie Nicholls on the ITV soap opera Emmerdale .
Aferdita Podvorica ( born 10 September 1978 in Podujevo ) is an Albanian women 's football striker .
Trinidad Romero was born in Santa Fe , Santa Fe County ( then a part of the Republic of Mexico ) , New Mexico , Romero was educated by private tutors .
Kameisha Jerae Hodge ( pronounced /kəmiːʃə dʒɛreɪ hɒdʒ/ ; born on November 1 , 1989 ) is an African - American writer from Washington , D.C. Rising to prominence in 2007 , her activity in the literary and media communities became promising .
In about 713 , Emperor Anastasius II appointed the Armenian Artabasdos as governor ( stratēgos ) of the Armeniac theme ( Θέμα Άρμενιάκων , Thema Armeniakōn ) , the successor of the Army of Armenia , which occupied the old areas of the Pontus , Armenia Minor , and northern Cappadocia , with its capital at Amasea .
Birendranath Sasmal was born to a Bengali Mahishya family in Contai , in undivided Midnapore district .
James McPake ( born 24 June 1984 in Bellshill ) is a professional footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership side Dundee .
Juan Carlos Boveri ( San Nicolás de los Arroyos , Buenos Aires , September 14 , 1950 ) is an award - winning Argentine author of novel and short stories , as well as a psychologist , sociologist and cultural anthropologist .
Sebastiano Visconti Prasca ( 23 January 1883 , Rome -- 1961 ) was an Italian general .
Şükrü Birand ( born 1944 in Ankara ) was a Turkish football player of Fenerbahçe .
Günther Brendel ( often incorrectly named in sources as Günter Brendel ) ( born Weida 17 January 1930 ) is a German painter and graphic artist .
Oliver Bendt ( born Jörg Knoch on 29 October 1946 , in Potsdam ) is a German singer and actor .
Ben Haggerty ( born June 19 , 1983 ) , known by his stage name Macklemore ( /ˈmæk.ləmɔːr/ MAK - lə - mor ) and formerly Professor Macklemore , is an American rapper from Seattle , Washington .
Born in Niterói , Kafunga began playing football with local side Fluminense Atlético Clube ( Niterói ) .
Thomas Ruffin was born on November 17 , 1787 at the residence of his maternal grandfather Thomas Roane at Newington in King and Queen County , Virginia .
Minnie Dean was born in Greenock , in western Scotland .
Alessandro Spezialetti ( born 14 January 1975 in Lachen , Switzerland ) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer , who competed professionally between 1997 and 2012 .
Isaac Yakovlevich Pavlovsky was born in 1853 in the city of Taganrog , friend of Anton Chekhov , studied at Taganrog 's Boys Gymnasium , was an activist at the Taganrog revolutionary circle and was arrested and tried at the so - called Trial of the 193 .
Julien Coupat ( born June 4 , 1974 , Bordeaux ) is a French political activist .
José Pesarrodona Altimi ( born Sant Salvador de Guardiola , 1 February 1946 ) is a former Spanish professional road bicycle racer who raced during the 1970s .
Lee In - jae ( Korean : 이인재 ; born October 1 , 1971 South Korea ) is a former South Korean footballer who plays as a Forward .
Martin Kove was born in Brooklyn , New York City and had a Jewish upbringing .
Baruch Hassan ( Hebrew : ברוך חסן‎ ) , is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Beitar Netanya .
Himangshu Dutta was born in Comilla ( now in Bangladesh ) in 1908 , to Jogendrachandra Dutta and Nirada Devi .
Born in Bad Ischl in Upper Austria into a Catholic Rhenan aristocratic family , he was a scion of Johann Wilhelm von Mirbach - Harff , founder of the Rhineland Knight academy .
Toivo Jaatinen ( born August 1 , 1926 in Sortavala ) is a Finnish sculptor , recipient of the prestigious Saltus Award in 2002 .
Frans Thijssen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈfrɑns ˈtɛi̯.sə(n ) ) ) ( born 23 January 1952 in Malden , Gelderland ) is a former international Dutch footballer .
Rudolf Schieffer ( Mainz , 31 January 1947 ) is a German historian specializing in medieval history .
Miyuki Tanobe ( born 1937 in Morioka , Japan ) is a Japanese - born Canadian painter , based in Montreal .
Marie Polly Cuninghame ( ca . 1785 , Bordeaux -- 9 April 1837 , De Bilt ) , known after her marriage as Polly de Heus , was a Dutch ballet dancer .
Li Wenbo began his professional football career with Shenyang Ginde in 2003 and made his league debut on 13 July , in a 1 - 0 home defeat against Qingdao Beilaite .
Trife Diesel or Trife Da God ( born Theo Bailey in Stapleton , Staten Island , New York ) is an affiliate of the Wu - Tang Clan .
Marlies Göhr ( née Oelsner , born 21 March 1958 in Gera , Thuringia ) is a former East German track and field athlete , the winner of the 100 metres at the inaugural World Championships in 1983 .
Andy Desmond aka Miten is a British musician born in Woking , Surrey , August 1947 .
Bernard Gregory ( 19 January 1919 , Bergerac -- 24 December 1977 , Élancourt ) was a prominent French physicist and director - general of CERN .
Warren Carlyle is a director and choreographer who was born in Norwich , Norfolk , England .
Pamela Pezzutto ( born in Sacile on 17 July 1981 ) is an Italian Paralympic athlete who has won three silver medals at Summer Paralympics .
Richard Herrmann ( 28 January 1923 in Katowice , Poland -- 27 July 1962 ) was a German football player .
Margo Reuten ( Maasbracht , abt . 1966 ) is a Dutch head chef , known for her cooking in the Michelin starred restaurant Da Vinci .
Lieutenant General Reginald Otto SD & Bar SM MMM ( born Krugersdorp , 9 July 1943 ) was a South African military commander , who held the post of Chief of the South African Army .
Yevgeny Misharin ( born February 13 , 1990 , Tyumen , USSR ) is a Russian futsal player .
Desiree Ortíz ( born December 28 , 1983 in Caracas , Venezuela ) is a television host Journalist and model .
The sports stadium , Stade Taïeb Mhiri in Sfax , is named after him , as well as the street , Avenue Taieb Mhiri , in Tunis .
At 6:08 a.m. on 1 February 1988 , the police in Durham , North Carolina got a call from Barbara Stager , reporting her husband had been shot .
Amit Paunikar ( born 18 April 1988 , Nagpur ) is an Indian National cricketer .
Aldo Zargani ( born in Turin , 7 August 1933 ) is an Italian Jewish writer and public intellectual who lives in Rome .
Ashley Harder ( born July 29 , 1986 ) is a former beauty queen from Marlton , New Jersey .
Wang Jingping ( Chinese : 王敬平 ; born 26 December 1992 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Harbin Yiteng .
Leslie Smith III ( born 1985 in Silver Spring , Maryland ) is a contemporary African American visual artist .
Darren Stapleton ( born 19 March 1987 in Dublin ) is an Irish football player who currently plays for English Southern League Division 1 Central side Egham Town F.C.
Virginia Sorensen , née Eggertsen , also credited as Virginia Sorenson ( February 17 , 1912 , in Provo , Utah -- December 24 , 1991 ) , was the author of the 1957 John Newbery Medal winning Miracles on Maple Hill , based in the Erie , Pennsylvania region where she lived at the time .
Amvrosios Papadopoulos ( Greek : Αμβρόσιος Παπαδόπουλος , born 10 January 1989 ) is a professional Greek football player , currently playing for Kavala .
Kjetil Wæhler ( born 16 March 1976 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Vålerenga as centre back .
Jiang Jiajun ( Chinese : 姜嘉俊 ; pinyin : Jiāng Jiājùn ) ( born January 8 , 1990 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Shanghai Shenxin as a fullback or midfielder in the Chinese Super League .
Maurice Devereaux ( pronounced Morris Devro ) was born in Montreal , Canada , and showed an interest in movies at an early age .
Tom Brands ( born April 9 , 1968 in Omaha , Nebraska ) is an American former Olympic wrestler and is currently the head wrestling coach for the University of Iowa .
Jan Halvor Halvorsen ( born 8 March 1963 , in Bamble ) is a former Norwegian football player who works as head coach of Fredrikstad in Obosligaen .
Mario Beccia ( born August 16 , 1955 in Troia , Apulia ) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer , active between 1977 and 1988 and as of 2006 works as a directeur sportif at Team Vorarlberg .
Shaban Jafari ( Persian : شعبان جعفری‎‎ ) ( born 1921 in Tehran -- died 2006 in Santa Monica , California ) often known as Shaban Bimokh ( Persian : شعبان بی‌مخ‎‎ , `` Shaban the Brainless '' ) was an Iranian strongman and practitioner of varzesh - e bastani .
Carla Matadinho ( born December 16 , 1982 in Évora ) is a Portuguese model .
Albert Schultz ( born July 30 , 1963 in Port Hope , Ontario ) is a Canadian actor , director and the founding artistic director of Toronto 's Soulpepper Theatre Company .
Vannevar Bush was born in Everett , Massachusetts , on March 11 , 1890 , the third child and only son of Perry Bush , the local Universalist pastor , and his wife Emma Linwood née Paine .
George Storrs was born in Lebanon , New Hampshire on December 13 , 1796 , son to Colonel Constant Storrs ( a wheelwright in the Revolutionary Army ) and the former Lucinda Howe ( his wife ) .
Lukáš Hurník ( b. 1967 in Prague ) is a Czech composer .
Pietro Spada is an Italian pianist and musicologist ( born Rome July 29 , 1935 ) .
Joseph Dirand ( Paris , 26 March 1974 ) is a French architect and interior designer .
Simpson was born on August 8 , 1985 , in Raleigh , North Carolina , to Evander Samuel `` Sam '' Simpson III and Debbie Webb Simpson , the fifth of six children .
Wang Wanpeng ( simplified Chinese : 王万鹏 ; traditional Chinese : 王萬鵬 ; pinyin : Wáng Wànpéng , born June 9 , 1982 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Dalian Aerbin .
Caroline Weber ( born 31 May 1986 in Dornbirn ) is an Austrian rhythmic gymnast .
Ivan Kazanets was born in Lotsmanska village in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast , central Ukraine .
Dagmar Švubová ( born August 9 , 1958 in Nové Město na Moravě as Dagmar Palečková ) is a former Czechoslovak cross country skier who competed from 1982 to 1986 .
Simmie Knox was born on August 18 , 1935 in Aliceville , Alabama to Simmie Knox Sr . , a carpenter and mechanic , and Amelia Knox .
Zainal Mustafa was born under the name Hudaemi in Singaparna , Tasikmalaya Regency , Dutch East Indies in 1899 .
Born in the town of Esgueira , Aveiro District , Pité joined local S.C. Beira - Mar 's youth system in 2005 , aged 11 .
Sha Yexin ( Chinese : 沙叶新 ; born 1939 in Nanjing ) is a Chinese playwright and political activist .
Kurniawan Dwi Yulianto ( born 13 July 1976 in Mertoyudan , Magelang Regency , Central Java ) is a former Indonesian professional footballer .
Andrea Catherwood was born and raised in Belfast where her mother , Adrienne McGuill , was an announcer and newsreader at Ulster Television from 1959 to 1969 , and also presented The Romper Room , from 1964 to 1969 as ' Miss Adrienne ' .
John Francis Lickerish , known professionally as Francis Lickerish ( born 11 April 1954 in Cambridge ) , is a British composer , guitarist and lutenist , and founder member of British art - rock band The Enid .
Georg Muffat was born in Megève , Duchy of Savoy ( now in France ) , and was of Scottish descent .
Jacek Bocian ( born 15 September 1976 in Kalisz ) is a Polish former sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres .
Rob Spendlove ( born 1 May 1953 in London ) is a British actor best known for his roles on UK Television .
Pavlos Kouroupis ( Greek : Παύλος Κουρούπης ) was a Greek soldier born in 1929 in Kalamata .
Markus Eichler ( born 18 February 1982 in Varel ) is a German professional road bicycle racer , currently under contract to the German Team Stölting .
Christian Zacharias ( born 1950 in Jamshedpur ) is a German pianist and conductor .
Marco Riemer ( born 24 February 1988 in Apolda ) is a German football midfielder who is currently a free agent .
Silvia Fuselli ( born in Cecina , July 1 , 1981 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a striker for AGSM Verona .
Mark Shevelev was born 11 ( 24 ) October 1904 in Saint Petersburg to Jewish parents .
Marvin Eastman was born and raised in Merced , California , where he grew up wrestling and playing American football .
Born at Clairac , near Agen in the Lot - et - Garonne and raised as a Huguenot , Théophile de Viau participated in the Protestant wars in Guyenne from 1615 - -16 in the service of the Comte de Candale .
Ljiljana Smajlović ( née Ugrica ; born 22 January 1956 , Sarajevo , PR Bosnia - Herzegovina , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian journalist and the current editor of Politika , the oldest daily newspaper in the Balkans .
Roger Rohatgi ( born 19 May in Houston , Texas ) is an American award - winning independent film producer and screenwriter , motivational speaker , actor and ordained minister focusing on youth and college - aged audiences .
Langen was , after Martha and Martin , the third of four children born to Antwerp industrialist Friedrich Albert Langen and Ida Goeters .
Jimmy Vicaut ( born 27 February 1992 in Bondy , Paris ) is a French sprinter who specializes in the 100 and 200 metres .
Jean de Carro ( born in Geneva , August 8 , 1770 ; died at Carlsbad , March 12 , 1857 ) was a Swiss - born physician who worked from Austria to promote vaccination against smallpox .
Henriette Valium ( born May 4 , 1959 ) , whose real name is Patrick Henley , is a comic book artist and painter based in Montreal , Quebec .
Allen Stone ( born March 13 , 1987 ) is an American soul musician from Chewelah , Washington , United States .
Swin Cash was born in the Pittsburgh suburb of McKeesport and raised by her mother , Cynthia .
Fausto Vagnetti ( Anghiari , March 24 , 1876 - Roma , 1954 ) is a representative of Italian painting from the era of transition from the 19th to the 20th century .
Dariusz Pasieka ( born 3 August 1965 , in Chojnice ) is a Polish former professional footballer and now a football manager , currently working for Ekstraklasa club Cracovia .
Maricarmen Arrigorriaga Aguirre ( born 1957 in Santiago ) is a popular Chilean film and soap opera actress .
Giovanni Buttarelli ( Frascati , 24 June 1957 ) is the European Data Protection Supervisor ( EDPS ) .
Tamir Bloom ( born December 24 , 1971 , in New York City ) is an American epee fencer .
Mimis Traiforos ( Greek : Μίμης Τραϊφόρος ; Piraeus , 1913 -- Athens , 1998 ) was a Greek writer and lyricist .
Jean François Renaudin ( 13 July 1750 , in Le Gua - 29 April 1809 , Le Gua ) was a French Navy officer and Rear - Admiral .
Marina Sereni was born in Foligno in 1960 to Joseph and Ines Sereni , both of whom worked on the railways .
Mary Jewels ( 5 February 1886 -- 1977 ) was a British painter , born in Newlyn in Cornwall .
Oakland Zoo Celebrating Elephants , 2002 , Carol Buckley Featured Speaker .
Serhiy Turyanskyi ( Ukrainian : Сергій Миронович Турянський ; born 25 May 1962 in Kolomyia Raion , Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast ) is the Soviet and Ukrainian professional footballer , later the Ukrainian coach .
Esmé Kamphuis ( born 22 May 1983 in Zwolle ) is a former Dutch heptathlete , who has competed as a bobsledder since 2004 .
Nana Ekvtimishvili ( Georgian : ნანა ექვთიმიშვილი ; born 9 . July 1978 in Tbilisi , Georgia ) is a Georgian writer and director .
Zoltán Mujahid was born on 8 August 1979 in Karachi , Pakistan to father Iqbal Mujahid and mother Klára Somogyi .
Noshi Gilani ( Urdu : نوشی گیلانی ‎ ) ( born 1964 ) in Bahawalpur Pakistan is an Urdu poet and a former academic from the Islamia University , Bahawalpur Pakistan .
Parker Bolek ( born August 11 , 2001 , Pasadena , California ) is an American child actor , best known for his recurring role as Wade Glossner in the ABC sitcom The Middle .
Ron Butlin ( born 1949 ) is a Scottish poet and novelist who was Edinburgh Makar ( Poet Laureate ) from 2008 - 14 .
Gérard Hallet ( born 4 March 1946 , in Sézanne ) is a retired French footballer .
Melchior Broederlam ( born Ypres , perhaps c. 1350 ; died Ypres ? , after 1409 ) was one of the earliest Early Netherlandish painters to whom surviving works can be confidently attributed .
Maggie Lau ( Chinese : 劉思惠 ) is a Hong Kong actress and singer .
Metin Göktepe was born in Sivas on April 10 , 1968 , in the village of Çipil of Gürün district .
Erdmuthe of Brandenburg ( 26 June 1561 in Berlin -- 13 November 1623 in Stolp ) was a Princess of Brandenburg and by marriage Duchess of Pomerania .
Rénelle Lamote ( born 26 December 1993 in Coulommiers ) is a French middle - distance runner .
Born in New Brunswick , New Jersey , Bisheaba is the daughter of Julie and Robert Swain .
Tristan Rogers ( born 3 June 1946 , Melbourne ) is an Australian American actor .
Emmanuel Crétet was born in the village of Le Pont - de - Beauvoisin , Savoie , on 10 February 1747 , the youngest of six children of a timber merchant .
Andrea Kremer ( born February 25 , 1959 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American television sports journalist .
Yudi Datau is an Indonesian cinematographer who has worked on several of Indonesia 's most popular films .
Margaret Skinnider ( 28 May 1892 -- 10 October 1971 ) was a revolutionary and feminist born in Coatbridge , Scotland .
Erwin Nestle ( 22 May 1883 , Münsingen -- 1972 ) , son of Eberhard Nestle , was a German scholar who continued editing his fathers `` Nestle Edition '' of the New Testament in Greek , adding a full critical apparatus in the thirteenth edition .
Brian Wolfgang Bodison was born on November 19 , 1966 in Washington , D.C. His mother , Dorothea Bodison , works for the National Institutes of Health .
Beate Schrott ( born 15 April 1988 in St. Pölten ) is an Austrian athlete who specialises in the 100 metres hurdles .
Adem Mikullovci ( Serbian : Адем Микуловци , Adem Mikulovci ) ( born 1939 in Vučitrn , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is an Albanian actor .
Jeanne Mélin was born in 1877 in Carignan , Ardennes , to a bourgeois family .
Willy Corrêa de Oliveira ( Recife , 11 February 1938 ) is a Brazilian modernist composer .
Karel Ferdinand Irmler ( born March 18 , 1650 , date of death unknown ) was a Moravian lawyer and the first professor of secular law at University of Olomouc .
Natividad Herminia Álvarez Herrera was born in 1888 Santa María del Oro , Durango , Mexico .
Hector Ó hEochagáin ( pronounced ( oː ˈhoːxəɡaːnʲ ) ) ( born 17 August 1969 ) is an Irish television and radio presenter from Navan .
Şenol Çorlu ( born on December 3 , 1958 in Ankara ) is a retired Turkish football player and currently Fenerbahçe SK academy director .
Omer Peretz ( Hebrew : עומר פרץ‎ ; born June 21 , 1986 ) is a former Israeli footballer who is most known for playing at Hapoel Tel Aviv , Maccabi Tel Aviv and Maccabi Netanya .
Marie - Jo Lafontaine ( born 17 November 1950 , Antwerp ) is a Belgian sculptor and video artist .
Kadir Mısıroğlu ( born 24 January 1933 , Akçaabat , Trabzon ) is a Turkish history researcher , writer , poet , attorney and a former journalist .
Abram Bergson ( April 21 , 1914 in New York City -- April 23 , 2003 in Cambridge , Massachusetts ) ( born Abram Burk ) was an American economist .
Zäzilie Wang ( 1 February 1909 , Vienna -- 10 July 2005 , Vienna ) , stage name Cilli Wang , was an Austrian - born Dutch dancer , performer and theatre maker .
Ary de Vois was born and died in Leiden .
Edgar Bright Wilson , Jr. ( December 18 , 1908 in Gallatin , Tennessee -- June 12 , 1992 in Cambridge , Massachusetts ) , was an American chemist .
Sylwester Braun ( code - name `` Kris '' , 1 January 1909 , Warsaw -- 2 February 1996 , Warsaw ) was a Polish photographer , Home Army officer .
Reginald Pole ( 12 March 1500 -- 17 November 1558 ) was an English cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and the last Roman Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury , holding the office from 1556 to 1558 , during the Counter Reformation .
Girolamo Seripando ( b. at Troja , Apulia , 6 May 1493 ; d. at Trento 17 March 1563 ) was an Augustinian friar , Italian theologian and cardinal .
Lloyd Kenyon , 1st Baron Kenyon Bt PC SL KC ( 5 October 1732 -- 4 April 1802 ) was a British politician and barrister , who served as Attorney General , Master of the Rolls and Lord Chief Justice .
Gérard Bailly ( born 28 January 1940 ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the Jura department .
Caleb Walton West ( May 25 , 1844 -- January 25 , 1909 ) was an American politician and Governor of Utah Territory twice , 1886 - -1888 and 1893 - -1896 .
Felipe Ochagavía Eguiguren , ( born 9 September 1993 ) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for the Primera División club O'Higgins as goalkeeper .
Stelios Iliadis ( Greek : Στέλιος Ηλιάδης ; born 3 June 1986 in Thessaloniki ) is a Greek footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Dimitar Mutafchiev ( Bulgarian : Димитър Мутафчиев ) ( 10 January 1903 in Stara Zagora -- 8 September 1990 ) was a Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward for Levski Sofia and Bulgaria during the 1920s .
Mohamed Diamé ( born 14 June 1987 ) , also known as Momo Diamé , is a professional footballer who plays for English club Hull City as a central midfielder .
Andrew Verner ( born November 20 , 1972 in York , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey goaltender .
Ena Sharples ( née Schofield ) was one of the original characters from the British soap opera Coronation Street , played by Violet Carson .
Detective John Hartigan is a major protagonist in the Sin City series of graphic novels , written by Frank Miller .
Dr. Spencer Reid is a fictional character from the CBS crime drama Criminal Minds , portrayed by Matthew Gray Gubler .
The Kamen Riders are a group of fictional masked riding heroes in the Kamen Rider Series .
Sentinel Prime receives a bit more history in the IDW Publishing 's 4-issue miniseries , The Transformers :
Oscar Henry is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Christopher Brown from 1998 to 1999 .
The Predacons are usually depicted as antagonists in the fictional universes of the Transformers storyline and related comics and cartoons .
The Mock Turtle is a fictional character devised by Lewis Carroll from his popular book Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .
Gwen Cooper is a fictional character portrayed by Welsh actress Eve Myles in the BBC science - fiction television programme Torchwood , a spin - off of the long - running series Doctor Who .
Shabari ( Sanskrit : शबरी ) is an elderly woman ascetic in the later versions of the Hindu epic Ramayana .
Sentinel Prime is the name of several fictional characters in the various Transformers series .
Prince Andrei Nikolayevich Bolkonsky ( Russian : Андрей Николаевич Болконский ) is a fictional character in Leo Tolstoy 's novel War and Peace .
Sonya Rostova is a character in Leo Tolstoy 's 1869 novel War and Peace , and in Sergey Prokofiev 's 1955 opera War and Peace based on it .
Carter Kane is a fictional character and one of the main characters in The Kane Chronicles series , along with his younger sister , Sadie .
Vernon Tomlin is a fictional character of the ITV1 soap opera Coronation Street , portrayed by Ian Reddington .
Lionel 's Kingdom ( Turma da Mata ) is a Brazilian comic strip created in 1961 and part of the Monica 's Gang comic strips .
Rose Nylund ( née Lindstrom ) is a fictional character featured on the popular 1980s situation comedy The Golden Girls , and its spin - off The Golden Palace .
In the published version of Henry IV , Part 1 , Falstaff 's name is always unmetrical , suggesting a name change after the original composition ;
Detective Lieutenant Mark Hoffman is a fictional character from the Saw franchise .
Crasher is the name of several fictional characters in the Gobots toyline , and the subsequent Challenge of the GoBots cartoon and Transformers series .
Marcus Cole , played by Jason Carter , is a fictional character in the universe of the science - fiction television series Babylon 5 .
Basil Fawlty is the main character of the British sitcom Fawlty Towers , played by John Cleese .
Donald De Souza is a fictional character in the British soap opera Emmerdale played by Michael Jayston .
Though the Hebrew Bible provides no further information about Mephibosheth , Saul 's family continued in existence to a later generation through Mephibosheth 's son Mica ( Micah ) .
Cyril O'Reily is a fictional character , played by American actor Scott William Winters , on the HBO drama Oz . He is also mentioned in the companion book Oz :
The Black Castle is a mystery film , released by Universal - International in 1952 .
Kichamani MBA is a Malayalam language film which was released in 2007 .
The Secret of Mulan is the 1998 entry in the series of `` Secret of ... '' films released direct to video by UAV / Sterling Entertainment Group , which generally were adaptations of popular theatrical animated films released in a given year , such as The Secret of Anastasia and The Secret of the Hunchback .
The University of Illinois vs. a Mummy , is a 2006 independent comedy / horror film .
21 Nights with Pattie ( original title : 21 nuits avec Pattie ) is a 2015 French comedy - drama film written and directed by Arnaud and Jean - Marie Larrieu .
American Psychologist is the official peer - reviewed academic journal of the American Psychological Association .
Injured Engine is a 1984 puzzle game released for the Commodore 64 by Imagic .
Jack the Giantkiller is an arcade game developed and published by Cinematronics in 1982 , and is based on the 19th - century English fairy tale Jack and the Beanstalk .
The American Journal of the Medical Sciences is currently published monthly by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
The original manuscript for The Book of Merlyn was discovered amongst this collection , and was prepared for publication by the University of Texas Press in 1977 , as The Book of Merlyn :
The Journal of Semantics is a leading international peer - reviewed journal of semantics of natural languages published by Oxford University Press .
The Tulane Environmental Law Journal ( TELJ ) is a legal periodical produced and edited by students at the Tulane University Law School .
Latin Pop Albums is a record chart published on Billboard magazine .
Applied Organometallic Chemistry is a monthly peer - reviewedscientific journal published since 1987 by John Wiley & Sons .
Archives of Scientific Psychology is an open access academic journal published by the American Psychological Association .
Zoop is a puzzle game developed by Hookstone Productions and published by Viacom New Media .
Archaeologia Cambrensis is an archaeological and historical scholarly journal that is published annually by the Cambrian Archaeological Association .
Hot Rap Songs ( formerly known as Hot Rap Tracks and Hot Rap Singles ) is a chart released weekly by Billboard in the United States .
Dilbilim Araştırmaları ( DAD ; English : Journal of Linguistic Research ) is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by Boğaziçi University Press .
Storm Harvest is a BBC Books original novel written by Mike Tucker and Robert Perry and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
A sister journal to The EMBO Journal , EMBO Reports was established in 2000 and was published on behalf of the European Molecular Biology Organization by Nature Publishing Group since 2003 .
The Knife of Never Letting Go is a young - adult novel by Patrick Ness , published by Walker Books in May 2008 .
The Oxford English Dictionary ( OED ) is a descriptive ( as opposed to prescriptive ) dictionary of the English language , published by the Oxford University Press .
Grim Tuesday is a novel written by Garth Nix in 2004 , and was first published in the USA by Scholastic Press and in Great Britain by HarperCollins Children 's Books .
American Anthropologist is the flagship journal of the American Anthropological Association ( AAA ) .
On an Odd Note is a collection of short stories written by Gerald Kersh , published as a paperback original by Ballantine Books in 1958 .
Planes of Conflict was designed by Dale Donovan , Colin McComb , and Monte Cook , and was published by TSR in 1995 .
StarTropics is an action - adventure video game released by Nintendo in 1990 for the NES .
In 2003 Hudson Soft included a 3D remake of Bonk 's Adventure in their Hudson Selection series of games released exclusively in Japan for the PlayStation 2 and GameCube consoles .
Knights of Valour ( simplified Chinese : 三国战纪 ; traditional Chinese : 三國戰紀 ; pinyin : Sān Guó Zhàn Jì ) is a side - scrolling Beat 'em up action arcade game released by International Games System in 1999 .
GP Rider is an arcade game developed and manufactured by Sega released in 1990 in Japan , North America , and Europe .
Panic Spring is a novel by Lawrence Durrell , published in 1937 by Faber and Faber in Britain and Covici - Friede in the United States under the pseudonym Charles Norden .
Robot Unicorn Attack is an online `` endless running '' video game featured on the Adult Swim and Flashline Games website .
The Journal of Thermal Analysis and Calorimetry is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media in cooperation with Akadémiai Kiadó .
Physics Reports is a peer - reviewed scientific journal , a review section of Physics Letters that has been published by Elsevier since 1971 .
Fairytale Fights is a hack and slash action - adventure game developed by Playlogic Game Factory and published by Playlogic Entertainment for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
Following England Rugby 's success at the 2003 Rugby World Cup in Australia , Acclaim Entertainment International announced on 23 November 2003 , that they will be releasing World Championship Rugby for PlayStation 2 , Xbox and PC in Europe the next year .
Mad Dog Summer and Other Stories , is a collection of short stories by Joe R. Lansdale , first published in 2004 in a limited edition by Subterranean Press .
In 1949 , Doubleday editor Walter I. Bradbury accepted the story on the suggestion of Frederik Pohl , on the condition it was expanded to seventy thousand words and the title changed to something more science fiction oriented , and it was published in January 1950 as Pebble in the Sky .
Game Over II ( known as Phantis in Spain ) is an action game developed and published by Dinamic Software in 1987 for the Amstrad CPC , Atari ST , Commodore 64 , DOS , MSX and ZX Spectrum .
Geophysical Journal International is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society and the Deutsche Geophysikalische Gesellschaft ( German Geophysical Society ) .
The Book of Other People is a collection of short stories , published in 2008 by Penguin Books .
Victus , the fall of Barcelona , is a historical novel by the Catalan anthropologist Albert Sánchez Piñol published by HarperCollins in September 2014 .
The English edition of Introduction to Christianity was revised in 2000 by Ignatius Press with a new preface by Joseph Ratzinger .
Land of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse , known in Japan as Mickey Mouse 's Magical Crystal ( ミッキーマウスの魔法のクリスタル Mikkī Mausu no Mahō no Kurisutaru ) , is a platform game released by Sega for the Sega Master System in 1992 and Sega Game Gear in 1993 .
Video Trek 88 is a computer game developed and published by Windmill Software in 1982 , based on the earlier Star Trek text game .
A Northern Light , or A Gathering Light in the U.K. , is an American historical novel for young adults , written by Jennifer Donnelly and published by Harcourt in 2003 .
The book was published in 1996 by Harvard University Press under the full title Good Natured :
Mind & Language is a peer - reviewed academic journal published five times a year by Wiley - Blackwell .
The Journal of Diplomacy and International Relations is a biannual academic journal published by the School of Diplomacy and International Relations at Seton Hall University covering international affairs .
The Journal of Applied Psychology is a bimonthly , peer - reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association .
Advances in Space Research ( ASR ) is a peer - reviewed scientific journal that is published 27 times per year by Elsevier .
Freedom Wings , known in Japan as Ore no Sentouki ( オレのせんとうき ) , is a flight simulator developed by Taito and published by Natsume in the US and Zoo Digital Publishing in Europe .
Skeletal Radiology is a peer - reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media , covering disorders of the musculoskeletal system , including the spine .
Dragonlance Adventures was written by Tracy Hickman and Margaret Weis , with cover art by Jeff Easley and interior illustrations by George Barr , and was published by TSR in 1987 as a 128-page hardcover .
Attack of the Mutant Penguins is an action video game developed by Sunrise Games and published by Atari for the Atari Jaguar in 1995 .
The Marquette Sports Law Review ( formerly the Marquette Sports Law Journal ) is a biannual law review edited by students at Marquette University Law School ( MULS ) .
The title is The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner 's Dilemma according to the Little Brown and Company Spring - Fall 2009 Rights Guide .
Portrait of a Spy marked Silva 's first book with HarperCollins , following his departure from Putnam following the publication of The Rembrandt Affair in 2010 .
Communalism Combat is a monthly magazine published by Sabrang Communications since August 1993 .
Lords of the Realm III is a medieval themed real - time strategy computer game published on March 17 , 2004 by Sierra Entertainment .
The Proceedings of the IEEE is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( IEEE ) .
Dawn of Magic is an upgraded version of the Russian language SkyFallen game Blood Magic , published by 1C Company on December 16 , 2005 .
Current Biology was founded in 1991 by the Current Science group , acquired by Elsevier in 1998 and has since 2001 been part of Cell Press , a subdivision of Elsevier .
The Grey King is a contemporary fantasy novel by Susan Cooper , published almost simultaneously by Chatto & Windus and Atheneum in 1975 .
The Cornell Law Review is the flagship legal journal of Cornell Law School .
College Football 's National Championship is a 1994 American football video game that was released exclusively for the North American Sega Genesis video game system .
In March the same year it was by released by French Barclay Records in three separate albums - Teheran 43 , Autobiographie and Une vie d'amour single with Mireille Mathieu .
Pink Moon is the third and final studio album by the English folk musician Nick Drake , released in the UK by Island Records on 25 February 1972 .
Waylon Forever is an outlaw country album by Waylon Jennings which was released on October 21 , 2008 on the Vagrant Records label .
The Book of David is the eighth studio album by American rapper and producer DJ Quik , released April 19 , 2011 on Mad Science and Fontana Distribution .
The Basement Tapes is a studio album by American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan and the Band , released on June 26 , 1975 by Columbia Records .
Forest Green , Oh Forest Green is the first single by American singer - songwriter Holly Miranda from her album The Magician 's Private Library , released 9 November 2009 in the UK and 17 November 2009 in the United States by XL Recordings .
Chilling , Thrilling Sounds of the Haunted House was an LP album intended for `` older children , teenagers , and adults '' , released by Disneyland Records ( now known as Walt Disney Records ) .
Stories from the City , Stories from the Sea is the fifth studio album by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey , released on 23 October 2000 by Island Records .
`` Breathe Slow '' is the second single from Alesha Dixon 's second album , The Alesha Show , released by Asylum Records , a part of Atlantic Records , on 9 February 2009 .
Electroretard is an album by the Melvins , which was released in 2001 through Man 's Ruin Records .
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is the fifth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West , released on November 22 , 2010 , through Roc - A - Fella Records .
Fernwärme was first released on Polydor Records as an LP and Cassette in 1982 .
You Ca n't Imagine How Much Fun We 're Having is the fourth studio album by the Minneapolis hip hop group Atmosphere , released on October 4 , 2005 through Rhymesayers Entertainment .
Highway 61 Revisited is the sixth studio album by the American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan , released on August 30 , 1965 by Columbia Records .
The Hermetic Organ is an album by John Zorn , consisting of a single live improvisation on the Aeolian - Skinner pipe organ of St. Paul 's Chapel at Columbia University , which was released on Tzadik Records in June 2012 .
Victory Party is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer - songwriter Geoff Berner , released March 8 , 2011 on Mint Records .
Bloodrock 3 is the third album by the Texan hard rock band Bloodrock , released on Capitol Records in 1971 .
Criollísima is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer / arranger / conductor Aldemaro Romero , released in 1957 ( see 1957 in music ) , under contract with RCA Victor and distributed by Grabadora Venezolana de Discos .
Think Before You Speak is the debut album by English indie rock band Good Shoes , which was released on 26 March 2007 on Brille Records .
The Winter of Mixed Drinks is the third studio album by Scottish indie rock band Frightened Rabbit , released on 1 March 2010 through independent label Fat Cat Records .
Whistling Down the Wire is a 1976 album released by Crosby & Nash , the second of the duo 's three album deal with ABC Records .
`` Roses in the Hospital '' was released in September 1993 by record label Epic Records as the third single from the band 's second album , Gold Against the Soul .
`` Back Seat ( of My Jeep ) '' is a song by LL Cool J , released as a single on June 1 , 1993 , for Def Jam Recordings , taken from his fifth album 14 Shots to the Dome .
Playing in the Shadows is the third album by British recording artist Example , released on 4 September 2011 through Ministry of Sound .
By 1991 and the release of Heaven 's Open , Oldfield was happy to leave Virgin Records .
Guitar Romantic is the first and only studio album by American punk rock band The Exploding Hearts , released both by Dirtnap Records and Screaming Apple Records in 2003 .
Moon Germs is a jazz album by Joe Farrell , recorded at the Van Gelder Studio on November 21 , 1972 and released on CTI Records .
It was released on May 18 , 2010 by the band 's own label , Hammock Music exclusively in physical form as part of the sold - out North West East South photobook package .
Taller in More Ways is the fourth studio album by British girl group Sugababes , released by Island Records on 10 October 2005 , in the United Kingdom .
Strange Free World is the second album by British alternative rock band Kitchens of Distinction , released on February 19 , 1991 in the US by A&M Records and on March 18 , 1991 in the UK by One Little Indian Records .
Marjory Razorblade is a double - LP by artist Kevin Coyne and was one of the earliest releases on Virgin Records , which had launched four months earlier in 1973 .
Made in Heaven is the fifteenth and final studio album by British rock band Queen , released on 6 November 1995 on Parlophone and Hollywood Records .
`` Se Thelo Me Trela '' is a CD single by the popular Greek singer Kelly Kelekidou , released in November 2007 by Sony BMG .
Scream , Dracula , Scream ! is an album by the San Diego , California rock band Rocket from the Crypt , released in 1995 by Interscope Records .
What Does n't Kill Us is the second studio album by the Indie band What Made Milwaukee Famous released by Barsuk Records on March 4 , 2008 .
Following the poor commercial performance of The Eternal Idol , Black Sabbath were dropped by both Vertigo Records and Warner Bros. Records , and signed with I.R.S. Records .
Big Bam Boom is the twelfth studio album by Hall & Oates , released by RCA Records late in 1984 .
In Gold Blood is the third studio album from Welsh alternative rock band Kids in Glass Houses , released on 15 August 2011 through Roadrunner Records .
Satan Takes a Holiday is an album by Anton Szandor LaVey , released through Amarillo Records in 1995 .
A Little Tradition is the third album by Canadian indie pop band Novillero , released September 9 , 2008 on Mint Records .
Koloss is the seventh album by Swedish metal band Meshuggah , released on 23 March 2012 in Germany , on 26 March in the rest of Europe , and on March 27 in North America , by Nuclear Blast .
Blues on Broadway is an album by Ruth Brown , released in 1989 through Fantasy Records .
The Last Lament is the second album by the progressive metal group Called to Arms released through Tragic Hero Records on November 17 , 2007 .
The Green Bicycle Case is the second album from The Lucksmiths released in 1995 on Candle Records ( catalogue number LUCKY3 . )
Whatever , Mortal is the second album by Papa M , the third such pseudonym used by David Pajo ( after ' M ' and ' Aerial M ' ) , released in 2001 on the Chicago - based Drag City label ( see 2001 in music ) .
`` All Stood Still '' is Ultravox 's fourth and final single from Vienna , the band 's first album with Midge Ure , released on Chrysalis Records on 26 May 1981 .
Song Bird is a 1977 album by American singer Deniece Williams released by Columbia Records on October 28 , 1977 .
`` I Walk to My Own Song '' is Stratovarius 's single released in 2003 through Nuclear Blast .
Play America is the fourth album by Norwegian electronic band Flunk released in 2005 on Beatservice Records .
Lonerism is the second studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band Tame Impala , released on 5 October 2012 on Modular Recordings .
Noima ( Greek : Νόημα ; English : Meaning ) is the title of the seventh studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina , released in 2005 by Minos EMI .
Sinister Slaughter is the second full - length album by American death metal band Macabre and was released in 1993 by Nuclear Blast Records .
New Erections is the third album by noise rock band The Locust , and their second with ANTI- Records .
Juve the Great is the sixth studio album by American rapper Juvenile .
Sound Loaded is the sixth album by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin , released by Columbia Records on November 14 , 2000 .
Spiral Shadow is Kylesa 's fifth full - length album , released by Season of Mist on October 25 , 2010 in Europe and October 26 , 2010 in the United States .
Who 's Got Trouble ? is an album by Shivaree , released by Zoë Records in 2005 .
Snakes ' n ' Ladders is the seventeenth studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth , released in January 1989 on Vertigo Records .
Skin ' Em Up is the debut album from the Scottish neo - rockabilly group The Shakin ' Pyramids , released in 1981 by Cuba Libre , a subsidiary of Virgin Records .
`` When You Tell Me That You Love Me '' was the lead single from Diana Ross 's 1991 album The Force Behind the Power released on the Motown label in the US and by EMI in the UK .
Sounds of Violence is the fifth studio album by English thrash metal band Onslaught , released on 28 January 2011 through AFM Records in Europe and 8 February in North America .
The Family That Plays Together , the second of four albums released by the original Spirit lineup , was marketed by Ode Records in December 1968 .
Formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2003 , TVXQ began as a five - member boy band composed of members U - Know Yunho , Max Changmin , Hero Jaejoong , Micky Yoochun , and Xiah Junsu .
Atomic Playboys is the first studio album by guitarist Steve Stevens , released in 1989 through Warner Bros. Records ; a remastered edition containing two bonus tracks was reissued on August 5 , 2013 through Rock Candy Records .
Pieces of a Man is the debut studio album of American recording artist Gil Scott - Heron , released in 1971 in stereo format on Flying Dutchman Records in the United States .
Dekade ( ( dəˈkadə ) ; English : Decade ) is a 2002 Indonesian pop album published by Musica Studios and Chrisye 's nineteenth studio album .
An edited version of `` Cold Sweat '' released as a two - part single on King Records was a # 1 R&B hit , and reached number seven on the Pop Singles chart .
`` Te Regalo Amores '' was released on August 26 , 2008 by Pina Records .
You and Me Both is the second and final studio album by British synthpop duo Yazoo , released on Mute Records in July 1983 .
Fleetwood Mac 's first album , Fleetwood Mac , was a no - frills blues album and was released on the Blue Horizon label in February 1968 .
Happiness Finally Came to Them is a studio album by Ralph Carney , Daved Hild and Kramer , released in 1987 through Shimmy Disc .
Tales of Captain Black is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer ( credited simply as `` James Blood '' on the cover ) featuring Ornette Coleman , Jamaaladeen Tacuma , and Denardo Coleman recorded in 1978 and originally released on the Artists House label .
There Is Only One Roy Orbison is the first album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records , released in July 1965 .
Man in the Air is a jazz album by vocalist Kurt Elling , released by Blue Note Records in 2003 .
Keyed Up is the fifteenth studio album by country music star Ronnie Milsap , released in 1983 under the RCA Records Label .
Formerly the Warlocks is a live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead .
`` Electro Movimiento '' ( English : Electro Movement ) is the second single by Puerto Rican Hip Hop band Calle 13 from their third studio album Los de Atrás Vienen Conmigo and was released on September 23 , 2009 by Sony BMG .
Town by Town is the third studio album by the progressive bluegrass collective Yonder Mountain String Band .
Songs in the Key of Beotch , released in 2000 , is the second album released by That 1 Guy , via Righteous Babe Records .
Chronic Town is the debut EP by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. , released in 1982 on I.R.S. Records .
This Is Not a Test ! is the fifth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott , released by The Goldmind Inc. and Elektra Records on November 25 , 2003 in the United States .
Persecution Mania is the second studio album by German thrash metal band Sodom , released on 1 December 1987 by Steamhammer / SPV .
Please Hammer , Do n't Hurt ' Em is the third album ( and second major - label release ) by MC Hammer , released on February 12 , 1990 by Capitol Records .
Soul Station is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley , released in 1960 on Blue Note Records , catalogue BLP 4031 .
Pokinatcha is the debut studio album by punk rock band MxPx released on October 4 , 1994 , through Tooth & Nail Records .
Satellite Sky is the title of the final album by Mark Heard , released in 1992 , on Heard 's own Fingerprint Records , shortly before his death .
No One Can Ever Know is the third studio album by Scottish indie rock band The Twilight Sad , released by Fat Cat Records on 6 February 2012 in the UK , and a day later in the US .
Ja eventualno bih ako njega eliminišete is the second studio album by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap , released by PGP - RTS in 1995 .
Mirror Repair is a 1995 EP by Gastr del Sol released on Drag City .
The album Gettin ' Lucky by Head East was released in 1977 on A&M Records .
It was soon remastered and re - released under Metropolis Records under the PIG moniker and a new title , Pigmata .
`` To Be , to Be , Ten Made to Be '' is Tackey & Tsubasa 's debut single under the Avex Trax label .
Tales of the Sands is the third studio album by Tunisian progressive metal band Myrath , released on September 27 , 2011 through XIII Bis Records in Europe and Nightmare Records worldwide .
`` The Thin Wall '' is Ultravox 's first single from the Rage in Eden album , recorded in Conny Plank 's Studio in Cologne , Germany and released on Chrysalis Records on 14 August 1981 .
The Man Is Back ! is the self - produced seventeenth album by American R&B singer Barry White , which was released in 1989 on A&M Records .
Whipped Cream & Other Delights is a 1965 album by Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass , called `` Herb Alpert 's Tijuana Brass '' for this album , released on A&M Records .
Szamanka ( Polish pronunciation : ( ʂaˈmaŋka ) , The Shaman ) is a Polish - French - Swiss film , released in 1996 , directed by Andrzej Żuławski and adapted from a screenplay by Manuela Gretkowska .
The Fatherless ( German : Die Vaterlosen ) is a 2011 Austrian drama film written and directed by Marie Kreutzer .
Embrace of the Serpent ( Spanish : El abrazo de la serpiente ) is a 2015 Colombian adventure drama film directed by Ciro Guerra .
La Ballade des Dalton is a 1978 French animated film written and directed by René Goscinny , Morris , Henri Gruel and Pierre Watrin starring the comic book character Lucky Luke .
Cries and Whispers ( Swedish : Viskningar och rop , lit . `` Whispers and Cries '' ) is a 1972 Swedish film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Harriet Andersson , Kari Sylwan , Ingrid Thulin and Liv Ullmann .
Le lourd passé de Lagaffe , written and drawn by Franquin and Jidéhem , is an album of the original Gaston Lagaffe series , numbered R5 .
`` Winter Madness '' is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 69th overall episode of the series .
`` Two Days and Two Nights '' is the twenty - fifth episode ( production # 125 ) of the television series Star Trek : Enterprise .
`` The Making of Private Pike '' is the second episode of the ninth series of the British comedy series Dad 's Army that was originally transmitted on 9 October 1977 .
`` The Naked Now '' is the third episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation , originally aired on October 5 , 1987 in broadcast syndication in the United States .
Ahmet Pezük ( born 6 August 1987 ) is a Turkish male former volleyball player .
Marina Canetti ( born January 24 , 1983 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a female water polo player from Brazil , who won the bronze medal with the Brazil women 's national water polo team at the 2003 Pan American Games .
Andrus Veerpalu ( born 8 February 1971 in Pärnu ) is a former and so far the most successful Estonian male cross country skier .
Sarah Dance was the female winner of the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's highest academic honor , the 2005 Walter Byers Award , in recognition of being the nation 's top female scholar - athlete .
Wu Wenxiong ( Chinese : 吳 文雄 born February 11 , 1981 ) is a male weightlifter from PR China .
Leslie Newman is a screenwriter who co - wrote the first three Superman films with husband David Newman , who died in 2003 .
Yvonne Loriod ( 20 January 1924 -- 17 May 2010 ) was a French pianist , teacher , and composer , and the second wife of composer Olivier Messiaen .
In 1893 , John Henry Comstock and Simon Henry Gage founded the Comstock Publishing Company in order to make textbooks on microscopy , histology , and entomology available at a reasonable price to students and to publish the works of Anna Botsford Comstock on nature study .
Helen Levitov Sobell ( March 13 , 1918 - April 15 , 2002 ) was an American teacher , scientist and activist , and the former wife of convicted spy Morton Sobell .
In 1998 , twelve years after Samora Machel 's death , Graça Machel married Nelson Mandela , President of South Africa , thus becoming the only woman to have been First Lady of two countries .
Yvonne Artaud ( Lyon , 1924 - Pondicherry , 5 August 2009 ) was a French educator , ethnologist , psychologist and artist , and was the aide of the thinker and philosopher Medhananda .
Barbara of Portugal ( Maria Madalena Bárbara Xavier Leonor Teresa Antónia Josefa ; 4 December 1711 -- 27 August 1758 ) was an Infanta of Portugal and later Queen of Spain as wife of Ferdinand VI of Spain .
Paul Klinger and Karin Andersen , twenty years his junior , met during the filming of a crime thriller in 1950 when she was working on the set as a stills photographer .
Lady Brigid Guinness ( Brigid Katharine Rachel ; 30 July 1920 -- 8 March 1995 ) was the youngest daughter of Rupert Guinness , 2nd Earl of Iveagh and wife of Prince Frederick of Prussia , grandson of Wilhelm II , German Emperor .
Rusudan of Georgia , Empress of Trebizond ( Georgian : რუსუდანი ) was a consort of Manuel I of Trebizond , and the mother of Empress Theodora .
Alexandra Barreto ( born October 16 , 1975 ) is an American actress who starred in the 2006 television series Pepper Dennis with her future husband Rider Strong and Rebecca Romijn and in the horror film Tooth and Nail , a part of the annual After Dark Horrorfest in 2007 .
Paul Dini and his wife , magician Misty Lee , have created an on - line interview feature called Monkey Talk that runs at Kevin Smith 's website , Quick Stop Entertainment.com .
Josette Rey - Debove , born November 16 , 1929 in Calais ( Pas - de - Calais ) , France and died February 22 , 2005 in Senegal , was a lexicographer and semiologist , wife and colleague of Alain Rey .
Agnes of Faucigny ( died 11 August 1268 ) was suo jure Dame of Faucigny , and countess consort of Savoy by virtue of her marriage in 1236 to Peter II , Count of Savoy .
Philippine Welser ( 1527 -- 24 April 1580 ) was the morganatic wife of Ferdinand II , Archduke of Austria .
Gloria Foster was married to the actor Clarence Williams III in 1967 .
Maria Josepha Amalia of Saxony ( Maria Josepha Amalia Beatrix Xaveria Vincentia Aloysia Franziska de Paula Franziska de Chantal Anna Apollonia Johanna Nepomucena Walburga Theresia Ambrosia ; 6 December 1803 -- 18 May 1829 ) was Queen consort of Spain as the wife of King Ferdinand VII of Spain .
He also worked as a member of the duet , Grethe og Jørgen Ingmann , together with his wife Grethe Ingmann .
Lita Grey ( born Lillita Louise MacMurray , April 15 , 1908 -- December 29 , 1995 ) , who was known for most of her life as Lita Grey Chaplin , was an American actress and the second wife of Charlie Chaplin .
According to John Tzetzes the kourotrophos , or nurse of Poseidon was Arne , who denied knowing where he was , when Cronus came searching ; according to Diodorus Siculus Poseidon was raised by the Telchines on Rhodes , just as Zeus was raised by the Korybantes on Crete .
Alfred Cleveland Blumenthal ( December 29 , 1885 -- July 29 , 1957 ) was an American real estate developer , theatrical promoter and husband of actress Peggy Fears .
Anne Morgan , Baroness Hunsdon ( c.1529 -- 19 January 1607 ) was the wife of Henry Carey , 1st Baron Hunsdon , by whom she had a total of 12 children .
Maria Megale Komnene ( Greek : Μαρία Μεγάλη Κομνηνή ) , known as Maria of Trebizond ( Greek : Μαρία της Τραπεζούντας ) , ( died 17 December 1439 ) was the third wife of the Byzantine emperor John VIII Palaiologos ( r. 1425 - -1448 ) .
Ingebjørg Guttormsdatter ( 12th century ) was a medieval Norwegian Queen consort and spouse of King Eystein I of Norway ( Øystein Magnusson ) .
Najwa bin Laden ( born c. 1959 ) , née Ghanem , is a Syrian woman who was the first wife and first cousin of Osama bin Laden .
Jacob Pietersz Olycan ( 1596 -- 1638 ) , was a brewer , magistrate , and later mayor of Haarlem , best known today for his portrait by Frans Hals , pendant to the portrait of Aletta Hannemans , whom he married in Zwolle in 1624 .
Chipeta or White Singing Bird ( 1843 or 1844 - -August 1924 ) , was a Native American woman , and the second wife of Chief Ouray of the Uncompahgre Ute tribe .
Jessica Rabbit is a fictional character in Who Censored Roger Rabbit ? and its loose adaptation , Who Framed Roger Rabbit .
Robert Shea is survived by his son , Michael E. Shea , and his second wife , author Patricia Monaghan .
Indeed , a U.S. Treasury report released in 1945 listed Harry James and Betty Grable as the highest - paid couple in the nation .
Margarita Eustaquia Maza Parada ( March 29 , 1826 -- January 2 , 1871 ) , later known as Margarita Maza de Juárez , was the wife of Benito Juárez and First Lady of Mexico from 1858 to 1864 , and then from 1867 until her death from cancer in 1871 .
Christiane Herzog , née Krauss ( born October 26 , 1936 in Munich , died June 19 , 2000 in Munich ) was the wife of Roman Herzog , the former President of Germany .
Trichomycterus diatropoporos is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil , where it occurs in the da Prata and Turvo river basins , tributaries of the das Antas river , in the Laguna dos Patos system in the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Centris elegans is a bee species in the genus Centris found on Saint Vincent and Grenadines .
Dorstenia petraea is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to eastern Cuba .
Woodsia plummerae is a species of fern known by the common name Plummer 's cliff fern .
Paradoxides is a genus of large to very large trilobites found throughout the world during the Mid Cambrian period .
Albizia gummifera is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family , native to sub - saharan Africa and Madagascar , and naturalized in Brazil .
Aenictus brevipodus is a species of ant in the Dorylinae subfamily .
Clepsis persicana , the white triangle tortrix or the green needleworm , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Stilpnopappus is a genus of Brazilian plants in the Vernonieae within the daisy family .
Synodontis alberti , the bigeye squeaker or alberti catfish , is a species of upside - down catfish native to the Congo Basin of Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo .
Eburia baroni is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Mexico .
Xanthopappus is a genus of Chinese plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family .
Mastax congoensis is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family with restricted distribution in the India and Myanmar .
Monochirus is a genus of small soles .
Symphoricarpos albus is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common name common snowberry .
McIlhenny 's four - eyed opossum ( Philander mcilhennyi ) is an opossum species from South America .
Berzelia is a genus consisting of 12 species of upright , wiry stemmed , evergreen shrubs with a dense covering of small , fine , needle - like leaves .
Synodontis leopardus is a species of upside - down catfish native to costal rivers of Tanzania and Somalia .
Phalerarcha chrysorma is a species of sedge moths , and the only species in the genus Phalerarcha .
Tyttobrycon is a genus of characins native to the Amazon Basin in South America , with five currently recognized species :
Sanshuiornis ( meaning `` bird from Sanshui Basin '' ) is an extinct genus of bird from Middle Eocene deposits of Guangdong Province , south China .
Arthrobacter russicus is a species of Gram - positive bacteria , with type strain A1 - 3(T ) ( = GTC 863(T ) = JCM 11414(T ) = DSM 14555(T ) ) .
Apiomorpha is a genus of scale insect that induces galls on species of Eucalyptus .
Urodacus elongatus , commonly known as the Flinders Range scorpion , is a species of scorpion belonging to the family Urodacidae native to eastern Australia .
Bathyporeia elegans is a species of amphipod crustacean in the genus Bathyporeia .
Succisella is a genus of flowering plants in the family Caprifoliaceae .
Beckianum sinistrum is a species of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae .
At present , it contains the single species Electrocteniza sadilenkoi .
It contained a single species , Proagriocharis kimballensis , which was smaller than most other turkeys .
Ilex sintenisii ( Sintenis ' Holly or cuero de sapo ) is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family .
It contains only one known species , Gonatogyne brasiliensis , endemic to southeastern Brazil .
Forficula lesnei , or Lesne 's earwig , is a species of earwig from Europe , particularly Britain .
Thermoleophilum album is a bacterium obligate for thermophily and n - alkane substrates , the type species of its genus .
Plectrosternus is a genus of moderate to large sized beetles .
Commonly referred to as simply the Old World flying squirrels , the genus Pteromys is distributed across temperate Eurasia , Korean Peninsula and Japan .
Trachelipus remyi is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in former Yugoslavian states such as Kosovo , Montenegro , and Serbia .
Cerithiopsis perlata is a species of sea snail , a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae , which is known from European waters .
The Diplectanidae are a family of monopisthocotylean monogeneans .
Peltigera malacea , commonly called veinless pelt or felt lichen , is a species of lichenized fungus in the family Peltigeraceae .
Sea urchins or urchins ( /ˈɜːrtʃɪnz/ ) , archaically called sea hedgehogs , are small , spiny , globular animals that , with their close kin , such as sand dollars , constitute the class Echinoidea of the echinoderm phylum .
Cyathea heterochlamydea is a little - known species of tree fern native to the islands of Luzon , Panay , Negros and Mindanao in the Philippines , where it grows in montane forest .
Petenia splendida , the Bay snook , is a species of cichlids .
Eleocharis tuberculosa ( cone - cup spikerush ) is a plant species native to the United States and Canada .
Cyathea costulisora is a species of tree fern native to Sumatra .
Alierasaurus is an extinct genus of caseid synapsid that lived during the Permian in what is now Sardinia .
Gymnogobius is a genus of gobies found in marine , brackish and fresh waters of Asia and the western Pacific Ocean .
Hoffmannseggia microphylla ( syn . Caesalpinia virgata ) is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name wand holdback .
Rhamnus serrata , the sawleaf buckthorn , is a species of plant in the Rhamnaceae family .
The Hellmayr 's pipit ( Anthus hellmayri ) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family .
Trypanosoma pestanai is a species of kinetoplastid trypanosomatid .
Beloderoides nigroapicalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Beloderoides .
Trisopterus capelanus is a fish species belonging to the cod family ( Gadidae ) .
Draba corrugata is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Southern California draba .
Turbonilla levis , common name the delicate turbonilla , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Adenanthos filifolius is a species of erect shrub endemic to southwest Western Australia .
Banksia dentata , commonly known as the tropical banksia , is a species of tree in the genus Banksia .
Osachila is a genus of crabs in the family Aethridae , containing three fossil species , and the following extant species :
Acizzia uncatoides ( Ferris & Klyver , 1932 ) is a species of psyllid native to Australia where it feeds primarily on Acacia ( especially Acacia melanoxylon ) and some Albizia species .
Cheilosia vicina is a hoverfly species found in Great Britain .
Lysiana exocarpi , commonly known as harlequin mistletoe , is a species of hemiparasitic shrub , endemic to Australia .
Phylledestes is an extinct genus of butterfly from the Miocene shales of Florissant , Colorado .
Systata obliqua is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Systata of the family Ulidiidae .
Ceratophyllus is a widespread genus of fleas found in temperate climates .
Antidesma jayasuriyae , is a species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family .
The Iris - like Cymbidium ( Cymbidium iridioides ) is a species of orchid .
The Sakhalin vole ( Microtus sachalinensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Carabus cavernosus cavernosus is a subspecies of black coloured ground beetle from Carabinae family that can be found in Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bulgaria , Romania , and everywhere in Yugoslavia ( except for Slovenia ) .
Dawkinsia is a genus of cyprinid fishes from freshwater in South India and Sri Lanka .
Ptychadena bibroni ( commonly known as the broad - banded grassland frog ) is a species of frog in the Ptychadenidae family .
Juncus duranii is an uncommon species of rush known by the common name Duran 's rush .
Metacmaeops vittata is a species of the Lepturinae subfamily in long - horned beetle family .
Eriogonum corymbosum var . nilesii , is a rare variety of Eriogonum corymbosum , a species of Polygonaceae , commonly known as Nile 's wild buckwheat , Las Vegas buckwheat , or golden buckwheat .
Anelosimus eidur is a species of tangle - web spider found in Papua New Guinea .
Olearia traversiorum , the Chatham Island akeake , or Chatham Island tree daisy , is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family .
Polyoza lacordairei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Polyoza .
Chiloglanis disneyi is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Cameroon where it is found in the Mungo and Manyu River basins .
Rama rama is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to India where it is found in the Brahmaputra River basin .
Lissocarpa is a genus of flowering plants , described as a genus in 1876 .
Penstemon papillatus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Inyo beardtongue .
Philautus microdiscus ( Kobo bubble - nest frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Salvia arizonica is a species of sage known commonly as desert indigo sage and Arizona sage .
Atheris matildae , also known as Matilda 's horned viper , is a species of arboreal forest viper endemic to Tanzania .
Afrixalus quadrivittatus is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae .
Physaria tenella is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Moapa bladderpod and slender bladderpod .
Protopithecus is an extinct genus of large New World monkey that lived during the Pleistocene .
Pseudomusonia fera is a species of praying mantis native to Costa Rica , Venezuela , and Panama .
Diachea leucopodia is a species of slime mold of the family Didymiaceae .
Mampava bipunctella , the foxtail millet webworm , is a species of snout moth , and the type species in the genus Mampava .
Tachina magnicornis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found everywhere in Europe , except for Belarus , Ireland , Liechtenstein , Luxembourg , Monaco , San Marino , Vatican City , and various European islands .
Xenophora conchyliophora is a species of medium - sized to large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae , the carrier shells .
Pachypanchax sparksorum is a species of Aplocheilid killifish endemic to Madagascar where it is found in the Anjingo River and streams feeding into the Ankofia River .
Turanana is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in the east Palearctic from Greece to Central Asia .
It contains the single species Clemendana pacifera , which is found in Brazil .
Bursera microphylla is a North American species of tree in the Frankincense Family in the soapwood order .
Zabrus chiosanus is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to the North Aegean islands .
Cyathea biformis is a species of tree fern native to New Guinea and the Maluku Islands , where it grows against trees in mossy forest and rain forest at an altitude of 850 - -2200 m. The climbing trunk is very thin , only 1 - -2 cm in diameter , but can reach 3 m in height .
Mesosetum is a genus of Neotropical plants in the grass family , native to North and South America including the West Indies .
Baoule 's mouse ( Mus baoulei ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Neisosperma sevenetii is a species of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae .
Copidoris dimorpha is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family , and the only species in the genus Copidoris .
Dendriscocaulon is a taxonomic name that has been used for a genus of fruticose lichen ( shrubby form lichen ) with a cyanobacteria as the photobiont partner of the fungus .
Cipactlichthys is a genus of extinct Holostean fish from the Lower Cretaceous of Mexico .
Stylonuroides is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid .
Amanita subvaginata , also known as Australian False Vaginata is a species of mycorrhizal fungus from Amanitaceae family that can be found in Sydney and New South Wales , Australia .
Awaous grammepomus , the Scribbled goby , is a species of goby native to freshwater streams and rivers and brackish estuaries from Sri Lanka to New Guinea with a report of it occurring in Palau .
Muellerolimon salicorniaceum , the sole species in genus Muellerolimon , is a succulent perennial herb or shrub that grows on salt mudflats in Western Australia .
Cyphoma emarginatum , common name : the Emarginate Cyphoma , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae , the ovulids , cowry allies or false cowries .
The Andaman rat ( Rattus stoicus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Discosauriscidae is a family of stegocephalians from the early Permian .
Nectophrynoides laevis , the smooth forest toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Adenothamnus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1935 .
Stenella anthuriicola is a species of anamorph fungus in the family Mycosphaerellaceae .
Eiconaxius albatrossae is a species of mud lobster from the Pacific Ocean .
Cyanea dolichopoda was a species of shrub in the bellflower family that was endemic to Kauai .
Sundolyra latebrosa is a species of catfish found in Sumatra .
Oligoryzomys vegetus , also known as the sprightly colilargo or sprightly pygmy rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae .
Diplachne is a genus of plants in the grass family , widespread over much of the world .
Rabbit haemorrhagic disease ( RHD ) , also known as rabbit calicivirus disease ( RCD ) or viral haemorrhagic disease ( VHD ) , is a highly infectious and often fatal disease that affects wild and domestic rabbits of the species Oryctolagus cuniculus .
Cotoneaster kansuensis is a species of flowering plant in the Rosaceae family that can be found in Gansu province of Central China .
Heteroclinus heptaeolus , Ogilby 's weedfish , is a species of clinid native to the coast of southern Australia where it can be found in habitats with plentiful seaweed growth .
Agalinis kingsii is a species of false foxglove that is endemic to the Grand Cayman in the Cayman Islands .
The type and only known species , Gagadon minimonstrum , was described in 2014 based on lower teeth and jaw fragments found in the Wasatch Formation of Bitter Creek , Wyoming .
Dracaena reflexa , commonly called pleomele or song of India , is a species of Dracaena which is a tropical tree native to Madagascar , Mauritius , and other nearby islands of the Indian Ocean .
Tropidophorus is a genus of semiaquatic lizards in the skink family ( Scincidae ) , found in Indochina , Borneo , Sulawesi , and the Philippines .
Koordersiochloa is a widespread genus of plants in the grass family , native to Africa , tropical Asia , and various islands in the Indian Ocean .
Orbicella annularis , commonly known as the boulder star coral , is a species of coral that lives in the western Atlantic Ocean and is the most thoroughly studied and most abundant species of reef - building coral in the Caribbean to date .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Septopezizella oreadum .
Euryoryzomys nitidus , also known as the elegant oryzomys or elegant rice rat , is a rodent species in the genus Euryoryzomys of family Cricetidae .
Camelina microcarpa is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by several common names , including littlepod false flax lesser gold - of - pleasure and small seed false flax .
Sanicula maritima is a rare species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names adobe snakeroot and adobe sanicle .
Jassa marmorata is a species of tube - building amphipod .
Gaultheria procumbens , also called the eastern teaberry , the checkerberry , the boxberry , or the American wintergreen , is a species of Gaultheria native to northeastern North America from Newfoundland west to southeastern Manitoba , and south to Alabama .
Penstemon floridus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Panamint beardtongue .
Cirsonella globosa is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae , the turban snails .
The Sri Lanka petite shrub frog , Pseudophilautus tanu , is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family , endemic to Sri Lanka .
Helicinoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of land snails that have an operculum .
Phragmipedium pearcei is a species of orchid ranging from Ecuador to northern Peru .
Drosera meristocaulis is a perennial species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera , the only member of the subgenus Meristocaulis .
Harpaphe haydeniana ( the yellow - spotted millipede , almond - scented millipede or cyanide millipede ) is a species of polydesmidan ( `` flat - backed '' ) millipede found in the moist forests along the Pacific coast of North America , from Southeast Alaska to California .
Lophiotoma indica , common name the Indian turrid , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae , the turrids .
Gnaphosa cantabrica is a ground spider species found in Spain and France .
Oreichthys is a genus of tropical barbs found in Thailand , India , Bangladesh , Myanmar ( Burma ) , northern Malay Peninsula , and the Mekong basin in Laos .
Tiaris is a genus of songbirds in the tanager family ( Thraupidae ) , containing the bulk of the grassquits .
Liocypris grandis is a species of ostracod which was long presumed extinct .
Zabrus vignai is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Algeria .
Neomenia is a genus of solenogaster , and the only genus in its family .
Dalea carthagenensis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Cartagena prairie - clover .
Research suggests that Hyles dahlii is in fact a species which evolved from Hyles tithymali through isolation .
Barbitistes obtusus , common name Southern Saw - tailed Bush - cricket , is a species of katydids crickets in family Phaneropteridae subfamily Phaneropterinae .
Colpodella is a genus of alveolates comprising 5 species , and two further possible species :
Epilobium alsinifolium is a species of willowherb known by the common name chickweed willowherb .
Cerosterna is a genus of flat - faced longhorns beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae , subfamily Lamiinae . The members are found in the Indomalaya ecozone .
Chiasognathus grantii is a species of stag beetle found in Argentina and Chile .
Eldeceeon is an extinct genus of reptiliomorph from the Early Carboniferous of Scotland .
Trachodon ( meaning `` rough tooth '' ) is a dubious genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur based on teeth from the Campanian - age Upper Cretaceous Judith River Formation of Montana , U.S. It is a historically important genus with a convoluted taxonomy that has been all but abandoned by modern dinosaur paleontologists .
Arenivaga floridensis is a species of sand cockroaches of the subfamily Polyphaginae , in the family Polyphagidae .
Duabanga is a small genus of lowland evergreen rainforest trees in southeast Asia , comprising two or three species .
Heterometrus kanarensis is a scorpion species found in Karnataka state of India .
Ceratosoma amoenum , or the clown nudibranch , is a species of colorful dorid nudibranch , a sea slug , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae .
Phelsuma lineata , the lined day gecko , is a species of diurnal gecko native to Madagascar .
The tribe Anthocharini is one of the subdivisions of the insect order Lepidoptera , which includes the moths and butterflies .
Trypanosoma cruzi is a species of parasitic euglenoid protozoan .
Thermotoga is a genus of the phylum Thermotogae .
Paratritania alternans is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paratritania .
Eumerophilus coraeboides is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Eumerophilus .
Sharfia mirabilis is an extinct species of anglerfish in the family Lophiidae .
Selaginella bigelovii is a species of spikemoss known by the common names bushy spikemoss and Bigelow 's spikemoss .
Amauriopsis dissecta is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names yellow ragweed and ragleaf bahia .
Amphipogon , greybeard grasses , is a genus of Australian plants in the grass family .
Shorea almon ( also called Light Red Meranti , Philippine Mahogany , or White Lauan ) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Anthosachne sacandros is a species of true grass in the Triticeae tribe .
Strophomenida is a large , extinct order of articulate brachiopods that existed from the lower Ordovician to the lower Jurassic period .
Scapteriscus abbreviatus , the short - winged mole cricket , is a species of insect in the mole cricket family , Gryllotalpidae .
Preuss 's red colobus ( Procolobus preussi ) is a red colobus primate species endemic to the Cross - Sanaga Rivers ecoregion .
Diaethria ceryx or Ceryx Eighty - eight is a species of butterfly of the Diaethria genus .
Odorrana leporipes is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Guangdong province of China .
Antennaria solitaria is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name singlehead pussytoes .
Fritillaria micrantha , known by the common names brown fritillary and brown bells , is a California species of fritillary in the lily family .
Oniscus asellus , the common woodlouse , is one of the largest and most common species of woodlouse in the British Isles and Western and Northern Europe , growing to lengths of 16 mm and widths of 6 mm .
Hassar affinis is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Parnaiba River basin .
Nebria wallowae is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of Oregon .
It contains the single species Phylolestes ethelae , the Hispaniolan malachite .
Allium chienchuanense is a plant species endemic to the Province of Yunnan in southern China .
The Melanorosauridae were a family of sauropodomorph dinosaurs which lived during the Late Triassic and Early Jurassic .
Carcharhinus tjutjot , also known as the Indonesian whaler shark is a species of requiem shark , belonging to the family Carcharhinidae .
Stokesiidae is a ciliate protozoa family in the order peniculida .
Mondegodon is an extinct genus of basal `` mesonychian '' which existed in Portugal , during the earliest Eocene ( Neustrian age ) .
Bradyrhizobium elkanii is a species of legume - root nodulating , microsymbiotic nitrogen - fixing bacterium originally identified as DNA homology group II strains of B. japonicum .
Nesolestes pauliani is a species of damselfly in the family Megapodagrionidae .
The red - sided curly - tailed lizard ( Leiocephalus schreibersii ) , also known as the Hispaniolan curlytail lizard , is a common lizard species native to the Caribbean , though an established introduced population can be found in southern Florida .
Eridantes is a genus of Money spider .
Olgaspis is an extinct genus of trilobite arthropods .
Agathidium is a genus of beetles in the family Leiodidae .
The type species is Mawsonites spriggi , named after Douglas Mawson , and Reg Sprigg .
Timimus is a genus of small coelurosaurian theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Australia .
Platythelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs endemic to Lake Tanganyika .
Gomphus quadricolor , the rapids clubtail , is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae .
Simochromis pleurospilus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is known to occur in rock rubble areas in the southwestern portion of the lake .
Ceanothus parryi , with the common name Parry ceanothus , is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae .
Retortamonas intestinalis is a species of retortamonad which is found in the gastrointestinal tract .
The Amur catfish , or Japanese common catfish , Silurus asotus , is a species of catfish ( sheatfish ) , family Siluridae .
Arrhenatherum elatius , with the common names false oat - grass , tall oat - grass , tall meadow oat , onion couch and tuber oat - grass , is a perennial species of grass , common in the temperate regions of Europe .
Neivamyrmex is a genus of army ants in the subfamily Dorylinae .
Orthetrum testaceum is an Asian freshwater dragonfly species .
Myriopteron is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1844 .
Ostrea equestris , or the crested oyster , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Ostreidae .
Fistulobalanus is a genus of barnacles , comprising the following species :
Juncus bolanderi is a species of rush known by the common name Bolander 's rush .
Boninofatsia is a genus of shrubs of family Araliaceae , with two species .
Mnesithea ( called Jointtail Grass ) is a genus of Asian , Australian , and Pacific Island plants in the grass family .
Gagea granatellii is a Mediterranean and Black Sea species of plants in the lily family .
Eupoecila inscripta , is a species of scarab beetle in the genus Eupoecila , found in western Australia .
Arctostaphylos pechoensis is a species of manzanita known by the common name Pecho manzanita .
Aguascalientia panamaensis is an extinct species of miniature camels found in Panama first described by Aldo F. Rincon et al .
Conus lizardensis , common name the Siboga cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Bromus briziformis is a species of brome grass known by the common name rattlesnake brome .
Rice grassy stunt virus ( RGSV ) is a plant pathogenic virus transmitted by the brown planthopper , Nilaparvata lugens , and two other Nilaparvata species , N. bakeri and N. muiri .
Phymatolithon is a genus of nongeniculate coralline red alga , known from the UK .
Pteria penguin , commonly known as the penguin 's wing oyster , is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pteriidae , the pearl oysters .
Scaevola coriacea , the dwarf naupaka , is a species of flowering plant in the Goodenia family , Goodeniaceae , that is endemic to Hawaii .
Trichalcidion penicillum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Trichalcidion .
Spiranthes infernalis , common name Ash Meadows lady 's tresses , is a rare species of orchid known from only four locations in Nevada , all close to one another .
Idolopsalis is a genus of earwigs , the sole member of the subfamily Idolopsalinae .
Bonagota salubricola , the Brazilian apple leafroller , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Aquilegia pyrenaica , common name Pyrenean columbine , is a species of flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae .
Capsicum baccatum is a species of chili pepper that includes the following cultivars :
Aptenia is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Aizoaceae .
Bithynia siamensis is a species of a freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae .
Castilleja , commonly known as Indian paintbrush or prairie - fire , is a genus of about 200 species of annual and perennial herbaceous plants native to the west of the Americas from Alaska south to the Andes , northern Asia , and one species as far west as the Kola Peninsula in northwestern Russia .
Diadema antillarum , also known as the lime urchin , black sea urchin , Grabaskey 's bane or the long - spined sea urchin , is a species of sea urchin in the Family Diadematidae .
Castilleja parviflora is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name mountain Indian paintbrush .
Todea papuana , the Papuan King Fern is a species of fern known only from Papua - New Guinea .
Pinthaeus sanguinipes is a species of stink bug ( family Pentatomidae ) .
Xenomyrmex is a genus of small ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Tarsistes philippii is a taxonomically dubious species of guitarfish , family Rhinobatidae .
Iris stolonifera is a species in the genus Iris ; it is also in the subgenus of Iris , and in the Regelia section .
Glyceria striata is a species of mannagrass known by the common names fowl mannagrass and ridged glyceria .
Quercus cerrioides is an oak species of plant in the Fagaceae family .
Acernaspis is an extinct genus of Trilobite that is known from the Silurian .
Psenocerus supernotatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Psenocerus .
Mycale grandis , the orange keyhole sponge , is a species of marine demosponge in the family Mycalidae .
Cramauchenia is an extinct genus member of the litoptern order of South American mammals .
Alophonotus rauana is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Alophonotus .
Camacinia othello is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known commonly as the black knight .
Hebeloma gigaspermum is a European species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family .
Viverroidea is an infraorder of feliformia , containing both the family viverridae , and the superfamily herpestoidea .
Torreya clarnensis is an extinct species of conifer in the yew family Taxaceae solely known from the middle Eocene sediments exposed in north central Oregon .
Pseudonicarete peyrierasi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudonicarete .
Nastanthus falklandicus ( also called False - plantain ) is a species of plant in the Calyceraceae family .
Vitis betulifolia is a widely ranging species of liana in the grape family native to China ( found in Gansu , Henan , Hubei , Hunan , Shaanxi , Sichuan and Yunnan provinces ) where its habitat is forested or shrubby valleys and hillsides , at elevations from 600 to 3,600 metres ( 2,000 to 11,800 ft ) .
Diamphidia nigroornata or Bushman arrow - poison beetle , is an African leaf beetle species in the genus Diamphidia .
Aenigmastacus crandalli is a species of fossil freshwater crayfish .
Xantho hydrophilus ( also known as Xantho incisus and various other scientific names ) is a species of crab .
Forcipiger longirostris , commonly known as the longnose butterflyfish or big longnose butterflyfish , is a species of butterflyfish found on coral reefs throughout the tropical waters of the Indo - Pacific .
The Sunda minivet ( Pericrocotus miniatus ) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family .
The Herpelidae are the family of common caecilians .
Eremiaphila luxor , common name Luxor mantis , is a species of praying mantis found in Egypt .
Idanophana gephyra is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Idanophana of the family Ulidiidae .
Azaera nodoses is a species of snout moth in the genus Azaera .
Nonia exiguella is a species of snout moth , and the type species in the genus Nonia .
Cryptacanthodes is a genus of perciform fishes commonly referred to as wrymouths .
According to the previous taxonomy of the Gastropoda ( Ponder & Lindberg , 1997 ) Systellommatophora was considered to be a suborder or an order .
The Sepsidae are a family of flies , commonly called the black scavenger flies or ensign flies .
Aglyptodactylus securifer is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae .
Ceriagrion mourae is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae endemic to eastern Sub - Saharan Africa , most commonly in Mozambique and Tanzania .
Pollimyrus is a genus of elephantfishes native to Africa .
Treubia is a genus of liverworts in the family Treubiaceae .
The family Fagaceae includes beeches and oaks , and comprises about 600 species of both evergreen and deciduous trees and shrubs , which are characterized by alternate simple leaves with pinnate venation , unisexual flowers in the form of catkins , and fruit in the form of cup - like ( cupule ) nuts .
Hyla zhaopingensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to China .
Prorivulus auriferus is a species of rivuline endemic to northeastern Brazil where it is found in the coastal plains .
Salix babylonica ( Babylon willow or weeping willow ; Chinese : 垂柳 ) is a species of willow native to dry areas of northern China , but cultivated for millennia elsewhere in Asia , being traded along the Silk Road to southwest Asia and Europe .
Thelypteris aculeata is a species of fern in the Thelypteridaceae family .
Heteristius cinctus , the banded stargazer , is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from Baja California , Mexico to Ecuador where it can be found on sandy bottoms at depths of from 1 to 27 m ( 3.3 to 88.6 ft ) .
Calliostoma pulchrum , common name the beautiful top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Dasylirion longissimum , the Mexican Grass Tree , is a species of flowering plant native to the Chihuahuan Desert and other xeric habitats in Northeastern Mexico .
Bryaninops natans , known commonly as the Redeye goby , is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae .
It contains only one species , Kallimoides rumia , the African Leaf Butterfly .
Bathypolypus valdiviae , common name the boxer octopus , is a species of octopus in the Octopodidae family .
Streptomyces carpinensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Carpina in Pernambuco in Brazil .
Grapholita pallifrontana is a moth species of the family Tortricidae , subfamily Olethreutinae .
Marshallia mohrii , Mohr 's Barbara 's buttons , is a perennial herb species , endemic to the Southeastern United States , in several locations in Alabama , Georgia , and Florida .
Megalobatrachonema is a nematode genus .
Deer ( singular and plural ) are the ruminant mammals forming the family Cervidae .
Anthonomus is a genus of weevils .
Harposporium is a genus of anamorphic fungi within the Ophiocordycipitaceae family .
Petropedetes natator , also called the saber - toothed frog , is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family found in Ivory Coast , Guinea , Liberia , and Sierra Leone .
Omobranchus anolius , the oyster blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean .
Aerodramus is a genus of small , dark , cave - nesting birds in the Collocaliini tribe of the swift family .
Rosieria is a genus of dwarf cynodont from the Late Triassic of France .
Cryptantha scoparia is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Miners candle .
It contains only one species , Compsocrita florens , which is found in Brazil .
The Maui island - aster or Maui hesperomannia ( Hesperomannia arbuscula ) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is endemic to the islands of Oʻahu and Maui in Hawaiʻi .
Raninidae is a family of unusual crabs , sometimes known as `` frog crabs '' , on account of their frog - like appearance .
Mobula eregoodootenkee ( the pygmy devil ray or longhorned mobula ) is a species of eagle ray in the genus Mobula .
The genus Attheya consist of small single celled diatoms .
Patiriella brevispina , also known as purple seastar is an Australian species of sea star .
Thaumatogryllus conanti is a nocturnal species of cricket endemic to the island of Nihoa , where it is found in Devil 's Slide , a narrow ravine .
Ticholeptus is an extinct genus of oreodont endemic to North America during the Early Miocene - Middle Miocene epochs ( 20.6 - -13.6 mya ) , existing for approximately 7 million years .
Margarites costalis , common name the boreal rosy margarite or the northern ridged margarite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae .
The Garo spineless eel , Garo khajuriai , is a species of earthworm eel endemic to India .
Neocrepidodera brevicollis is a species of flea beetle from a leaf beetle family that can be found in Austria , Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Germany , Italy , Poland , Slovakia , Sweden , and Switzerland .
Amboroa is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae described as a genus in 1956 .
Laevaricella is a genus of tropical , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Oleacinidae .
Fraser 's rufous thrush ( Neocossyphus fraseri ) , also known as the rufous flycatcher - thrush , is a species of bird in the thrush family .
Chlorophytum inornatum is a flowering plant species in the genus Chlorophytum .
Cretoxyrhinidae is an extinct family of sharks .
Trypaea australiensis , known as the ( marine ) yabby or ghost nippers in Australia and as the Australian ghost shrimp elsewhere , is a common species of mud shrimp in south - eastern Australia , the only species in the genus Trypaea .
Tonicella undocaerulea , commonly known as the Blue Lined Chiton , is a species of chiton .
The Braconidae is a large family of parasitoid wasps .
The genus consists of a single species , Concoctio concenta , known from tropical Africa .
Bullichthys is an extinct genus of albuliform fish which existed in Brazil during the Lower Cretaceous period .
Acer palmatum , called Japanese maple or smooth Japanese - maple ( Japanese : irohamomiji , イロハモミジ , or momiji , 紅葉 ) is a species of woody plant native to Japan , North Korea , South Korea , eastern Mongolia , and southeast Russia .
Torquigener vicinus is a species of fish in the family Tetraodontidae .
Paranemachilus is a genus of stone loaches endemic to China .
It contains the single species Darantasiella javanica , which is found on Java .
Quetecsaurus is an extinct genus of titanosaur sauropod dinosaur known from the Late Cretaceous of southern Mendoza Province of western Argentina .
Isolepis carinata ( syn . Scirpus koilolepis ) is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name keeled bulrush .
Labicymbium otti is a species of sheet weaver found in Brazil .
It has only one species , Sandersonia aurantiaca .
Perissodus is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika .
Urticicola perchtae is a fossil species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae , from the Early / Middle Miocene of Sandelzhausen ( type locality ) and Oggenhausen , southern Germany .
Cancer productus , one of several species known as red rock crabs , is a crab of the genus Cancer found on the western coast of North America .
Mitilanotherium is an extinct genus of giraffe from the Pliocene and Pleistocene of Europe .
Protoceratidae is an extinct family of herbivorous North American artiodactyls ( even - toed ungulates ) that lived during the Eocene through Pliocene at around 46.2 - -4.9 Mya , existing for about 41 million years .
Dunn 's mud turtle ( Kinosternon dunni ) , also known as the Colombian mud turtle , is a species of turtle in the Kinosternidae family .
Aipysurus laevis is a species of venomous sea snake found in the Indo - Pacific .
Anchomenidius feldmanni is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to Spain .
Typhlops cariei commonly known as Hoffstetter 's worm snake is an extinct blind snake species which was endemic to Mauritius .
Tetrarhynchia is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Jurassic strata in Europe and South America .
Isocoma rusbyi , the Rusby 's goldenbush , is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Opuntia macrorhiza is a common and widespread species of cactus with the common names plains prickly pear or twistspine pricklypear or Western pricklypear .
Geohintonia mexicana ( discovered in 1992 ) is a species of cacti , the only species in the genus Geohintonia .
Cryptotrema is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to the eastern Pacific Ocean .
Mionothropus is an extinct genus of nothrotheriine nothrotheriid sloth which existed in Peru in western Amazonia , during the late Miocene ( Huayquerian age ) .
Chaetopterus or the parchment worm or parchment tube worm is a genus of marine polychaete worm that lives in a tube it constructs in sediments or attaches to a rocky or coral reef substrate .
Helianthus hirsutus is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name hairy sunflower .
Rhingia campestris is a species of hoverfly , 7 - -11 millimetres ( 0.3 - -0.4 in ) long , with a wingspan of 12 - -18 mm ( 0.5 - -0.7 in ) .
Lepidiolamprologus elongatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers rocky areas .
Berberidopsis corallina is a species of ornamental plant .
Campylobacter rectus is a species of Campylobacter .
Apatosaurus ( meaning `` deceptive lizard '' /əˌpætəˈsɔːrəs/ ) is a genus of extinct sauropod dinosaurs that lived in North America during the Late Jurassic period .
Carinaria pseudorugosa is a species of sea gastropod , a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Carinariidae .
Cycloramphus is a genus of frogs in the Cycloramphidae family .
Lupinus sericatus is a species of lupine known by the common name Cobb Mountain lupine .
Pterostylis banksii , commonly known as greenhood or tutukiwi , is an orchid species native to New Zealand .
Parhomaloptera microstoma is a species of balitorid or gastromyzontid loach endemic to the island of Borneo .
Megalocephalus ( meaning `` big head '' ) is an extinct genus of baphetid amphibian from the late Carboniferous of the British Isles .
Rutoceratidae is a family of prototypical nautilids , derived probably from either Brevicoceratidae or Acleistoceratidae of the order Oncocerida early in the Devonian .
Quercus margarettae , the sand post oak or dwarf post oak , is a North American species of oak in the beech family .
Allomyces neomoniliformis is a species of fungus from Japan .
Limnonectes nitidus ( common name : Tanah Rata wart frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Eburia cacapyra is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family , that can be found in Ecuador .
Chrysolepis chrysophylla is a species of flowering plant in the beech family known by the common names golden chinquapin , giant chinquapin , and western chinquapin .
Astrophytum is a genus of six species of cacti , native to North America .
Phascolarctos ( from Ancient Greek phaskolos , referring to a pouch or bag , and arktos , meaning `` bear '' ) is a genus of marsupials containing only one extant species , the koala ( P. cinereus ) .
Uca tangeri is a species of fiddler crab that lives in the eastern Atlantic Ocean .
Batodonoides ( often misspelled as Batonoides ) is a genus of extinct shrew - like mammals , which includes a species that is possibly the smallest mammal to have ever lived .
Pycnanthemum is a genus of plants in the mint family ( Lamiaceae ) .
Hyloxalus edwardsi ( common name : Edwards ' rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family .
Pitthea famula is a species of moth in the family Geometridae .
Isabelle 's ghost bat ( Diclidurus isabellus ) is a bat species found in northwestern Brazil , Guyana , and Venezuela , and possibly Colombia .
Cyphostemma juttae is a slow - growing succulent species of Cyphostemma from southern Africa , well known as an ornamental plant .
Finella geayi is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Scaliolidae .
Platorchestia is a genus of sand flea , containing the following species :
Trirachodon ( Greek : `` three ridge tooth '' ) is an extinct genus of tritylodontoid cynodont .
Penicillium kananaskense is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil of a forest in Alberta in Canada .
Quercus arkansana ( also called Arkansas oak ) is a species of plant in the beech family .
Desmazeria is a genus of Mediterranean plants in the grass family , related to Catapodium .
Acanthetaxalus bostrychoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Acanthetaxalus .
Melarhaphe neritoides , common name : the small periwinkle , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Littorinidae , the winkles or periwinkles .
The tree species Sorbus americana ( syn . Pyrus americana ) is commonly known as the American mountain ash .
The Western Chinese mountain salamander or stream salamander ( Batrachuperis pinchonii ) is a species of hynobid salamander that is endemic to China .
Ivesia santolinoides is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names silver mousetail , stellariopsis , Sierra mousetail and mousetail ivesia .
It contains the single species Hoplophrys oatesi , also known as the candy crab , Oates 's soft coral crab , commensal soft coral crab and Dendronephthya crab .
Tanganikallabes mortiauxi is a species of airbreathing catfish found in Burundi , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Tanzania , and Zambia .
Camissonia bairdii is a plant species endemic to Washington County , Utah .
Thelymitra pauciflora , commonly called the Slender Sun Orchid in Australia and Maikaika or Maika in New Zealand is a species of orchid in the family Orchidaceae .
Ancistrocarphus filagineus is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family , known by the common names woolly fishhooks and hooked groundstar .
Tondanichthys kottelati is a species of viviparous halfbeak endemic to Indonesia , where it is only known from Lake Tondano near Mount Tondano in the far north of the island of Sulawesi .
Ecsenius bandanus , known commonly as the Banda comb - tooth , Banda clown blenny , or the Banda combtooth - blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean .
Lestoideidae is a monotypic family of damselflies .
Septobasidium is a genus of Basidiomycota fungi .
Crataegus flabellata is a species of hawthorn known by the common name fanleaf hawthorn .
Callulops robustus ( commonly known as Boulenger 's callulops frog or robust frog ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Ancylostoma is a genus that includes some species of hookworm .
Teucrium gnaphalodes is a plant species in the genus Teucrium .
Astrapotheriidae is an extinct family of herbivorous South American land mammals that lived from the Late Eocene ( Mustersan SALMA ) to the Middle Miocene ( Laventan SALMA ) 37.8 to 15.97 million years ago .
Spaniocelyphus is a genus of beetle flies known from the Oriental ecozone .
Senecio velleioides , commonly known as forest groundsel , is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae .
Limnonectes jarujini is a species of frog in the family Dicroglossidae , first described from near Kaeng Krachan Dam , Thailand .
Prismostictoides unihyala is a moth in the Endromidae family , and the only species in the genus Prismostictoides .
Branchiostomidae ( syn : Branchiostomatidae ) is the family that includes most of the lancelets , which are tiny chordates without a true spine but only a flexible notochord .
Lamprologus lethops is a species of cichlid fish from areas with fast current in the Congo River in Central Africa , where it is believed to live in depths as great as 160 metres ( 520 ft ) below the surface .
Psylla ( from the Greek psulla , meaning flea ) is a genus of sap - sucking insects belonging to the order Hemiptera .
Raillietia is a genus of mites placed in its own family , Railletiidae , in the order Mesostigmata .
Achyropappus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1820 .
Axoclinus nigricaudus , known commonly as the Cortez triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny .
Azeca is a genus of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Cochlicopidae .
Cyclocheilichthys sinensis is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Cyclocheilichthys .
Citharomantis falcata is a species of praying mantis native to Sumatra and Borneo .
Junggaria was a genus of rhyniophyte - like land plants known from fossils found in China in Upper Silurian strata ( Přídolí , around 430 to 420 million years ago ) .
Aphoenops delbreili is a species of beetle in the subfamily Trechinae .
Trachelipus sarmaticus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Ukraine .
Mecodema punctellum is a presumed - extinct species of ground beetle of the family Carabidae , endemic to Stephens Island in New Zealand .
Galium hallii ( Hall 's bedstraw ) is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae family .
Quercus castaneifolia , the chestnut - leaved oak , is a species of oak in the turkey oak section Quercus sect .
Cornulitida is an extinct order of encrusting animals from the Tentaculita class , which were common around the globe in the Ordovician to Devonian oceans , and survived until the Carboniferous .
Cornus sanguinea , the common dogwood , is a species of dogwood native to most of Europe and western Asia , occurring north to southern England and southern Scandinavia , and east to the Caspian Sea .
This species was originally noted and named in 1753 by Carolus Linnaeus as Agaricus campestris .
Streptomyces ascomycinicus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Kobe City in Japan .
The family Aplodontiidae also known as Aplodontidae , Haplodontiidae or Haploodontini is traditionaly clasified as the sole extant family of the suborder Protrogomorpha .
Discus ruderatus is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae , the disk snails .
Acacia nanodealbata , known colloquially as dwarf silver - wattle , is a species of Acacia native to Australia .
Eleothreptus is a genus of nightjars in the Caprimulgidae family .
Cercocarpus breviflorus , commonly known as desert mountain mahogany or hairy mountain mahogany , is a species of plant in the rose family , native to northern Mexico and the southwestern United States .
Quercus graciliformis ( also called Chisos oak or slender oak ) is a rare North American species of trees in the beech family .
Chelyocarpus ulei is a species of palm tree that is native to the western Amazon .
Pseudophoenix ekmanii ( Cacheo , Cacheo de Oviedo , Dominican Cherry palm ) is a palm species endemic to the Barahona Peninsula and Isla Beata in the Dominican Republic .
In the east of its range the Kamchatka flounder overlaps with the range of the arrowtooth flounder , and similarities in appearance between the two species mean that they were not distinguished in commercial fishing until 2007 .
Polybia is a genus of eusocial wasps from South America ( Brazil , Argentina ) .
Junonia almana , the peacock pansy , is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia .
Plagiotremus iosodon is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean .
Mycocepurus goeldii is a species of ant in the genus Mycocepurus .
Tamarix parviflora is a species of tamarisk known by the common name smallflower tamarisk .
Cervaphis quercus is an aphid species described by Takahashi in 1918 .
Abudefduf troschelii , the Pacific sergeant major or Panama sergeant major , is a species of damselfish belonging to the family Pomacentridae .
Hypsophrys nicaraguensis is a species of cichlid endemic to the Atlantic slope of Central America , from Nicaragua to Costa Rica .
Lichenochora is a genus of fungi in the order Phyllachorales .
Lethrinops longipinnis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found at depths of 30 to 140 metres ( 98 to 459 ft ) ( usually only down to 70 metres ( 230 ft ) ) over sandy substrates .
Lioptilodes yungas is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes , known from Bolivia .
Eurymela fenestrata , widely known as the Common Jassid , is a species of leafhopper found throughout mainland Australia .
Leuciva , is a North American genus of plants in the sunflower family .
Araneus cinnabarinus , commonly known as the Falklands green spider is a species of orb - weaving spider endemic to the Falkland Islands as well as Chile , Argentina and the Juan Fernández Islands .
Pristobaeus jocosus is a species of spider in the jumping spider family ( Salticidae ) , found in Sulawesi .
Dasyatis ( Greek `` dasys '' meaning rough or dense and `` batus '' meaning skate ) is a genus of stingray .
Labeobarbus micronema is a species of cyprinid fish native to Cameroon and Gabon in Africa .
Salvia ballotiflora is a species of flowering plant in the mint family , Lamiaceae , that is native to Texas in the United States as well as northeastern and central Mexico .
Lythria purpuraria , the purple - barred yellow , is a species of moth of the family Geometridae .
Neobola is a genus of cyprinid fishes found mostly in East Africa .
Pseudocurimata is a genus of toothless characins found in tropical South America , with these currently described species :
Meconella oregana , the white fairypoppy , is a plant species native to Oregon , California , Washington and British Columbia .
Metacarcinus starri is an extinct species of crab in the family Cancridae , subfamily Cancrinae .
Prionosciadium bellii is a plant species endemic to the Mexican State of Michoacán .
Myopa dorsalis is a species belonging to the family Conopidae subfamily Myopinae .
Gyraulus costulatus is a species of air - breathing freshwater snail , aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
Saurorictus is an extinct genus of Late Permian captorinid known from Western Cape Province of South Africa .
Gelyella is a genus of freshwater copepods which are `` surrounded by mystery '' .
Neoephemera antiqua is an extinct species of mayfly in the family Neoephemeridae that is known from early Eocene , Ypresian stage , lake deposits near the small community of Republic in Ferry County , Washington , USA .
Tryblidium reticulatum is an exctinct species of a paleozoic Silurian monoplacophoran .
Rosales is an order of flowering plants .
Origanum amanum ( Amanum oregano ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae , native to the Hatay Province of southern Turkey , bordering on Syria .
Euarchontoglires ( synonymous with Supraprimates ) is a clade and a superorder of mammals , the living members of which belong to one of the five following groups : rodents , lagomorphs , treeshrews , colugos and primates ( including humans ) .
Trillium kurabayashii , the giant purple wakerobin , is a species of flowering plants native to southwestern Oregon and northern California .
Carpiodes is a genus of suckers found in freshtwater in North America .
Pachyrizodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Albian to the Campanian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch .
Tympanopleura atronasus is a species of catfish of the family Auchenipteridae .
Handleyomys saturatior , also known as the cloud forest oryzomys or cloud forest rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Handleyomys of family Cricetidae .
Chenanisuchus ( `` Chenane crocodile '' ) is a genus of dyrosaurid crocodyliform from the Late Cretaceous of Mali and the Late Palaeocene of Sidi Chenane in Morocco .
Tarodes is a spider genus of the Salticidae family ( jumping spiders ) , with the single species T. lineatus .
Lecanorineae are a suborder of pezizomycetes fungi , commonly known as the lichens and rostrate asci .
Orthotylus viridinervis is a species of green coloured bug from a family of Miridae that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania , Andorra , Croatia , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Malta , Moldova , Portugal , Macedonia , and most part of Russia .
Agapanthia violacea is a species of flat - faced longhorn beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae , subfamily Lamiinae .
Archaeospheniscus is an extinct genus of large penguins .
Hylomys is a small genus of the family Erinaceidae .
Morone is a genus of temperate basses native to the Atlantic coast of North America and the freshwater systems of the southwestern and eastern United States .
Euphorbia bombensis , commonly called the Southern Seaside Spurge , is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family .
Chaetodiadema japonicum is a species of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae .
Sinezona iota is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Scissurellidae .
Neottia banksiana is a species of orchid known by the common name northwestern twayblade .
Urceolina is a genus of South American plants in the Amaryllis family , all native to Perú .
Evolenes exarata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Evolenes .
Berberis aetnensis is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1826 .
Dipturus nidarosiensis , commonly known as the Norwegian skate or black skate , is a species of skate found in the Norwegian Sea , North Sea and the Bay of Biscay .
Vaccinium tenellum , the small black blueberry , is a plant species native to the southeastern United States from southeastern Mississippi to northern Florida to southern Virginia .
Peltobatrachus ( from Greek pelte , meaning shield and batrakhos , meaning frog ) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the late Permian period of Tanzania .
Palleon nasus , commonly known as the elongate leaf chameleon , is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar .
Agasicles hygrophila is a species of leaf beetle known by the common name alligator weed flea beetle .
Maimetsha arctica is an extinct genus of wasp which existed during the Cretaceous period , and the only species in the genus Maimetsha .
Shinkailepas kaikatensis is a species of sea snail , a false limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phenacolepadidae .
The Plagiorchiata are by far the largest suborder of plagiorchiidan flatworms .
Collodictyon is a basal genus of single - celled eukaryotes not closely related to any heretofore known kingdom of that domain .
Campanula raineri ( Rainer 's bellflower , Rainer 's harebell ) is a species of flowering plant in the genus Campanula of the family Campanulaceae , native to the Swiss and Italian Alps .
Phenacodontidae is an extinct family of large herbivorous mammals traditionally placed in the wastebasket taxon Condylarthra , that may represent early perissodactyls .
Neothais marginatra , common name : the brownish drupe , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Penicillium sacculum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces the xanthone 1-hydroxy-3-methoxy-6-sulfo-8-methylxanthone .
Solariella lacunella , common name the channelled solarielle , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae .
Balanoglossus is an ocean - dwelling acorn worm ( Enteropneusta ) genus of great zoological interest because , being a Hemichordate , it is an `` evolutionary link '' between invertebrates and vertebrates .
Dinoponera snellingi ( named after Roy Snelling ) is a queenless species of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Amanita breckonii is a species of agaric fungus in the large genus Amanita .
Lagosuchus is a genus of small archosaur from the middle Triassic period .
Zeargyrodes fasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Zeargyrodes .
Ginkgo biloba , known as ginkgo or as the maidenhair tree , is the only living species in the division Ginkgophyta , all others being extinct .
Aulotandra is a genus of plants native to Cameroon and Madagascar .
Oncidium klotzschianum is a species of orchid occurring from Costa Rica to Peru and Venezuela .
Geniostoma confertiflorum is a species of plant in the Loganiaceae family endemic to Fiji .
Carya washingtonensis is an extinct species of hickory nut in the walnut family Juglandaceae .
Erica ciliaris is a species of heather , known in the British Isles as Dorset heath .
Michaelophorus margaritae is a species of moth in the genus Michaelophorus , known from Ecuador .
Oberea adumbrata is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Tippman in 1958 .
Luzocephalus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Russia .
Sinobdella sinensis is a species of the spiny eel family ( order Synbranchiformes ) , and is the only species of the genus Sinobdella .
Dikerogammarus haemobaphes is a species of freshwater gammarid crustacean .
Ugrunaaluk is a genus of saurolophine hadrosaurid which was found in the Arctic of Alaska .
Musa lolodensis is a species of wild banana ( genus Musa ) , occurring naturally from the Moluccas through to New Guinea .
Priabona is an extinct genus of big - headed flies in the dipteran subfamily Nephrocerinae , within which it is one of only two genera .
Desisella strandiella is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Desisella .
The Santa Marta sabrewing ( Campylopterus phainopeplus ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Aetosaurus is an extinct genus of archosaur reptile belonging to the order Aetosauria .
Lycia ursaria , the stout spanworm moth or bear , is a species of moth of the Geometridae family .
Caladenia discoidea , commonly known as the dancing spider orchid , antelope orchid or bee orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south -- west of Western Australia .
Caenis amica is a species of mayfly in the genus Caenis .
Cicindela patruela , commonly known as Northern Barrens Tiger Beetle is a species of tiger beetle from the Cicindelinae subfamily .
Shorea balanocarpoides ( also called White Meranti or Yellow Meranti ) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Poteria translucida is a species of tropical land snail with gills and an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae .
Euhadra quaesita , common name , the sought - after false hadra , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae .
Huanansaurus is an extinct genus of oviraptorid dinosaur that lived approximately 72 million years ago , between the Campanian and Maastrichtian , during the latter part of the Cretaceous period in what is now China , in the Nanxiong Formation .
Ancharius griseus is a species of catfish of family Anchariidae .
Salix koriyanagi is a species of willow native to Korea .
The Tritoniidae are a taxonomic family of dendronotid nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod molluscs .
Taracus is a genus of harvestman , or Opiliones , typically found living in caves in the United States .
Micryletta is a small genus of microhylid frogs .
Herpetogaster is an extinct monotypic genus of animal from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale containing the species Herpetogaster collinsi .
Sternbergia schubertii is a rare and quite possibly extinct plant species known only from one specimen collected in Izmir , Turkey , in 1839 .
Uroderma is a genus of Central and South American phyllostomid bats .
Thylacares is a genus of Thylacocephalan containing only the single species Thylacares brandonensis .
Livonia mammilla , common name False melon or False baler , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk of the genus Livonia in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Conus coronatus , common name the crowned cone or the coronated cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Larinia is an orb - weaving spider genus .
Arta statalis , the posturing arta moth , is a species of snout moth in the genus Arta .
Lysmata vittata is a species of shrimp , native to the Indo - Pacific from East Africa to the Philippines , Japan , Australia and New Zealand .
Lypusa is a genus of moths of the Lypusidae family , traditionally held to be a monotypic lineage of Tineoidea .
Mylia taylorii , the Taylor 's flapwort , is a species of leafy liverwort .
Incilius tacanensis ( common name : Volcan Tacana toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Cypripedium molle is a species of orchid native to Puebla and Oaxaca , Mexico .
Pseudochalceus is a genus of characins from freshwater habitats in western Ecuador and western Colombia .
Vernonieae is a tribe of about 1300 species of plants in the aster family .
Athous apfelbecki is a species of click beetle from Elateridae family .
Ficus daimingshanensis is a plant species native to the Chinese provinces of Guangxi and Hunan .
Altica oleracea is a species of leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae , subfamily Galerucinae .
Psychristus belkab is a species of ground beetle from the Harpalinae subfamily that is endemic to Yunnan province of China .
Spilosoma virginica is a species of moth in the Arctiinae subfamily .
Drosophila lanaiensis was a species of fly in family Drosophilidae that was endemic to Hawaii .
Boechera falcatoria ( formerly Arabis falcatoria ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Grouse Creek rockcress .
Ergot ( pron . /ɜrɡət/ UR - gut ) or ergot fungi refers to a group of fungi of the genus Claviceps .
Ascophyllum nodosum is a large , common brown alga ( Phaeophyceae ) in the family Fucaceae , being the only species in the genus Ascophyllum .
Siphopteron quadrispinosum is a species of small sea slug , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusc in the order Cephalaspidea , the headshield slugs .
Anostomus anostomus , also known as the striped headstander , striped anostomus , and striped anastomus , is a species of fish .
Hazardia cana is a rare North American species of shrubs in the daisy family known by the common names Guadalupe hazardia , San Clemente Island hazardia , or simply island hazardia .
Gersemia rubiformis , commonly known as the sea strawberry , is a species of soft coral in the family Nephtheidae .
Canis ferox ( Latin : canis : dog , ferox : fierce ; hence fierce dog ) is a species of canidae which was endemic to North America and lived from the Late Hemphillian stage ( 10.9 Mya ) of the Pliocene through the Miocene epoch ( 5.8 Mya ) .
Tephrosia candida , the white hoarypea , is a species of plant in the legume family .
Allium chrysonemum is a species of onions native the Sierra de Cazorla mountain range in southeastern Spain .
Delphinium viridescens is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name Wenatchee larkspur .
Anoura is a genus of leaf - nosed bats from Central and South America .
Clavatula taxea , common name the yew turrid , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae .
Pourouma cecropiifolia ( Amazon Grape , Amazon Tree - grape or Uvilla ; syn . P. multifida ) is a species of Pourouma , native to tropical South America , in the western Amazon Basin in northern Bolivia , western Brazil , southeastern Colombia , eastern Ecuador , eastern Peru , and southern Venezuela .
Cteniloricaria maculata is a species of armored catfish native to French Guiana and Suriname where it is found in the Maroni and Corantijn River basins .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Pectinotrichum llanense .
Hipposyngnathus is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray - finned fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch .
Pericopsis elata , the African teak , afromosia , or afrormosia , is a species of flowering plant in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Astralium rotularium , common name the rotary star shell or the knob star shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Perny 's long - nosed squirrel ( Dremomys pernyi ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Helix godetiana is a species of large , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
Muhlenbergia glomerata is a species of grass known by the common names spiked muhly and marsh muhly .
It is the only species remaining in the monotypic genus Pelvetia .
Neocyprideis timorensis is a species of Indo - Pacific ostracod that has existed since the Miocene .
The Centrocnemidinae are a subfamily of the reduviid ( assassin bugs ) , found exclusively on tree trunks , where their bodies camouflage well .
Amantis hainanensis is a species of praying mantis native to China and Vietnam .
Upeneichthys is a genus of goatfishes native to the Indian and Pacific coasts of Australia .
Lasiancistrus saetiger is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil .
The Papuan king parrot ( Alisterus chloropterus ) , also known as the green - winged king parrot , is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family found in West Papua and Papua New Guinea .
Ageratina luciae - brauniae is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Lucy Braun 's snakeroot and rockhouse white snakeroot .
Cymopterus deserticola is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names desert cymopterus or desert springparsley .
Symphoricarpos hesperius , called the trailing snowberry or creeping snowberry , is a North American species of trailing shrubs in the honeysuckle family .
Philaenus is a genus of insects belonging to the family Aphrophoridae , the spittlebugs .
Paphiopedilum kolopakingii is a species of orchid endemic to Borneo ( central Kalimantan ) .
Amblypygi is an order of arachnid chelicerate arthropods also known as whip spiders and tailless whip scorpions ( not to be confused with whip scorpions and vinegaroons that belong to the related order Thelyphonida ) .
Veleropilina zografi is a Recent deep - sea ( bathyal ) species of monoplacophoran , a superficially limpet - like marine mollusk from the Atlantic Ocean .
Cryptandra tomentosa , commonly known as Prickly Cryptandra , is a shrub species in the Buckthorn family , Rhamnaceae .
Blenniella cyanostigma , the Striped rockskipeer , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Indian Ocean .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Hidakaea tumidula .
Eleutherodactylus rhodesi ( common name : Rhodes ' robber frog ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family .
Phalaenopsis philippinensis is an endemic species of orchid found from Luzon island in the Philippines .
Clasmodosaurus was a genus of dinosaur , probably a sauropod .
Acanthopleura gemmata , the Jewelled Chiton , is a species of chiton .
Galearctus is a genus of slipper lobsters , comprising the following species :
Dactylotum bicolor , also known as the rainbow grasshopper , painted grasshopper , or the barber pole grasshopper , is a species of grasshopper in the family Acrididae .
Gelasinospora is a genus of fungi within the order Sordariales .
Crotalaria juncea , reduced both the germination and seedlings of various crop species ( bell pepper , tomato , onion , and others ) .
The Zanzibar red colobus ( Procolobus kirkii ) is a species of red colobus monkey endemic to Unguja , the main island of the Zanzibar Archipelago , off the coast of Tanzania .
Rotaria is a genus of asexual microorganism known as a bdelloid rotifer .
It is known only from the fossil remains of a single species , the huge and presumably flightless Eremopezus eocaenus .
The Leptotyphlopidae ( commonly called slender blind snakes or thread snakes ) are a family of snakes found in North and South America , Africa , and Asia .
Abricta is a genus of cicada found in Réunion , Mauritius , northeastern India , the Moluccas , New Caledonia and eastern Australia .
Macrotomoxia palpalis is a species of beetle in the Macrotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family , which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily .
Strumigenys lyroessa is a species of ant found in Bhutan , India , and Sri Lanka .
Erigeron greenei is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Greene 's narrow - leaved daisy .
Pegomastax ( `` strong jaw '' ) is a genus of heterodontosaurid dinosaur discovered in Lower Jurassic rocks in South Africa .
Charales is an order of freshwater green algae in the division Charophyta commonly known as `` stoneworts '' .
Lathyrus linifolius is a species of pea , commonly called bitter vetch or heath pea .
Aloe africana ( known as the African Aloe ) is an arborescent species of aloe plant , indigenous to the Eastern Cape Province , South Africa .
Paramoeba is a genus of common parasites , including species that can cause infection in fish , crabs ( including the `` blue crab '' , Callinectes sapidus ) , sea urchins and others .
Meiacanthus urostigma is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Indian Ocean where it is only known from the Surin Islands .
Asclepias subulata is a species of milkweed known commonly as the rush milkweed , desert milkweed or ajamete .
Colus stimpsoni , common name the Stimpson 's colus , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Urodacus yaschenkoi , commonly known as the inland robust scorpion , is a species of scorpion belonging to the subfamily Urodacinae ( family Scorpionidae ) .
The Florida grasshopper sparrow is one of four subspecies of grasshopper sparrows in North America .
Diaphorodoris luteocincta is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calycidorididae .
Longipterygidae is a family of early enantiornithine birds from the early Cretaceous Period of China .
Lipocarpha occidentalis , the Western halfchaff sedge , or Pacific halfchaff sedge , is a plant species native to western part of the United States but cultivated as an ornamental in other regions .
Chaenactis cusickii is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster family known by the common name Morning brides or Cusick 's pincushion .
Popillia is a genus of scarab beetles .
Cerithium caeruleum , the Cerith Sand Snail , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae .
Ogygioses eurata is a species of moth of the Palaeosetidae family .
Holapogon maximus also known as the Titan cardinalfish , is a species in the family Apogonidae , the cardinalfishes .
Dibamus nicobaricum is a species of lizard found in the Nicobar Islands of India .
Allium hookeri is a plant species native to India , Sri Lanka , Myanmar ( Burma ) , Bhutan , and southwestern China ( Sichuan , Tibet and Yunnan ) .
Trifolium nigrescens , the small white clover , is an annual species which is widespread around the Mediterranean , including north Africa , and the Middle East .
The Spine - tufted Skimmer , or Crimson - tailed Marsh Hawk , Brown - backed Red Marsh Hawk , ( Orthetrum chrysis ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Eurygaster confidens is a species of true bug or shield - backed bug belonging to the family Scutelleridae .
Liocarcinus is a genus of crabs , which includes the flying crab , the vernal crab and several other swimming crabs .
Sebastes schlegelii also known as the Korean rockfish , is a predatory species of seaperch found in northern Asia .
Austrofusus glans is a species of medium - sized sea snail or whelk , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Lumbricus terrestris is a large , reddish worm species widely distributed around the world ( along with several other lumbricids ) .
Vitis ficifolia is a species of liana in the grape family native to the Asian temperate climate zone .
Atlantidae is a family of sea snails , holoplanktonic gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Betasuchus is a genus of theropod dinosaur which lived during the Late Cretaceous Period .
Ruehleia is a genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur from the Late Triassic period of Germany .
In a study on its effects on fungus , Asarum caudatum had antifungal properties when tested against nine fungal species .
Alphatetraviridae is a family of viruses .
Cattleya nobilior ( literally `` the More Noble Cattleya '' , referring to the flowers which are larger than those of C. walkeriana , the other rhizanthoid Cattleya , of which it was originally considered a variety ) is a species of orchid .
The Belladonna Cracker ( Hamadryas belladonna ) is a species of cracker butterfly in the family Nymphalidae .
Dasypus bellus , the beautiful armadillo , is an extinct armadillo species endemic to North America and South America from the Pleistocene , living from 1.8 mya--11,000 years ago , existing for approximately 1.789 million years .
Microseris acuminata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Sierra foothill silverpuffs .
Morchella spongiola is a species of fungus in the Morchellaceae family .
Tradescantia buckleyi , commonly known as Buckley 's spiderwort , is a species of flowering plant in the dayflower family , Commelinaceae .
Astragalus congdonii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Congdon 's milkvetch .
Canarium mutabile , common name the variable stromb , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Alfaroa williamsii is a tropical monoecious cloud forest dwelling species of tree first recognized in the Cordillera Central of Nicaragua at an altitude of 1.3 km . The mature tree is 15 - 25 m in height , with a 0.5 m DBH .
Passiflora citrina is a species of Passion flower native to Central America .
Armodorum is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae , native to Southeast Asia .
Salticus peckhamae is a species of spider from a Salticidae family .
Machaerirhynchus is a genus of passerine birds with affinities to woodswallows and butcherbirds .
Nuclearia is a nucleariid genus .
The genus Aztekium contains three species of small globular cactus .
Arctotis fastuosa , called Monarch - of - the - veld , is a species of African plants in the daisy family , native to Namibia and South Africa .
Aeluroidea is an extant superfamily of feline - like carnivores that are , or were , endemic to North America , South America , Africa , and Asia .
Schoepfiaceae is a family of flowering plants recognized in the APG III system of 2009 .
Erianthemum dregei is a species of parasitic plant in the Loranthaceae family , and is commonly known as the Hairy mistletoe or Wood flower .
Appedesis vidua is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Appedesis .
Malacothrix clevelandii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Cleveland 's desertdandelion .
Lepidurus packardi is a rare species of tadpole shrimp known by the common name vernal pool tadpole shrimp .
Navarretia subuligera is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names awl - leaf pincushionplant or awl - leaved navarretia .
Megapenthes lugens is a species of primarily European click beetle .
Carex longebrachiata , commonly known as Australian sedge or drooping sedge , is a plant species in the sedge family , Cyperaceae .
Paressonodon is an extinct genus of multituberculate which existed in Colorado during the late Cretaceous period .
Noguerornis is a genus of enantiornithine bird possibly related to Iberomesornis .
Prionus coriarius ( sometimes referred to as `` the tanner '' or `` the sawyer '' ) is a species of longhorn beetle .
Tachina brevicornis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in China , Japan , and Russia .
The genus includes one species , Rooneyia viejaensis .
Francisella tularensis is a pathogenic species of Gram - negative , rod - shaped coccobacillus , an aerobe bacterium .
Micraspis flavovittata is a species of ladybird of the genus Micraspis .
The Adelaide pygmy blue - tongue skink or pygmy bluetongue ( Tiliqua adelaidensis ) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family .
Erythroxylum rufum , the rufous false cocaine , is a flowering plant species in the genus Erythroxylum .
Leptotila is a genus of birds in the family Columbidae .
Pulmonaria angustifolia ( narrow - leaved lungwort , blue cowslip ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae , native to central and north eastern Europe .
Geragnostus is a genus of very small agnostid trilobites whose fossils are found Ordovician - aged marine strata from Eurasia , North America and Argentina .
The Antilocapridae are a family of artiodactyls endemic to North America .
Proentelodon is an extinct genus of entelodont artiodactyl from the Middle Eocene of Mongolia .
Cicindela circumpicta , also known as Habroscelimorpha circumpicta , is a species of a tiger beetles in the Cicindelidae family .
Alosa agone is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Alosa .
The D'Orbigny 's Banded Anole , Pristidactylus fasciatus , is a species of lizard from Chile and Argentina .
Cyathea hancockii is a species of tree fern native to the Ryukyu Islands , Japan , Taiwan and Hong Kong .
Brissopsis atlantica is a species of sea urchin of the Family Brissidae .
Microsynodontis laevigata is a species of upside - down catfish endmic to Gabon where it is found in the Ivindo River .
Egglestonichthys is a genus of gobies native to brackish and marine waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Altijuba is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing one species Altijuba oktediensis , which is known from Papua New Guinea .
Hypsopygia thymetusalis , the spruce needleworm moth or paler dolichomia moth , is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypsopygia .
Haploferonia simplex is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Haploferonia .
Coltivirus is a genus of viruses ( belonging to the Reoviridae family ) that infects vertebrates , invertebrates , and plants .
Amphiesma deschauenseei , commonly known as the northern keelback or Deschauensee 's keelback , is a species of nonvenomous natricine snake endemic to Asia .
Scabiosa caucasica , the Caucasian pincushion flower , pincushion - flower or Caucasian scabious , is a species of flowering plant in the family Caprifoliaceae , native to the Caucasus , north eastern Turkey , and northern Iran .
Antennaria parvifolia is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Nuttall 's pussytoes and small - leaf pussytoes ( not to be confused with littleleaf pussytoes ) .
Lycodon gammiei , commonly known as Gammie 's wolf snake , is a species of nonvenomous colubrid endemic to northern India .
Guadalupiidae is a family of fossil sponges that lived from the Pennsylvanian ( Carboniferous ) until the Norian ( Late Triassic ) .
Gouania vitifolia ( also known as Oʻahu chewstick ) is an endangered species flowering plant in the buckthorn family , Rhamnaceae that is endemic to Hawaii .
Reganochromis calliurus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa where it can be found in deeper coastal waters over sandy substrates at depths of around 60 metres ( 200 ft ) .
Hardenbergia is a small genus of leguminous vines from Australia .
The sole species , Woollsia pungens , is a small shrub found in eastern Australia , from Pigeon House Mountain in southern New South Wales north into Queensland .
Ablepharus budaki , commonly known as Budak 's snake - eyed skink , is a species of skink endemic to the Near East .
Paraoxypilus is a genus of mantis , known as the boxer bark mantids .
Allium baluchistanicum is a plant species endemic to the Baluchistan region in Pakistan .
Culoptila is a genus of caddisflies found primarily in Central America as well as the United States .
Lyonia ligustrina is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common names maleberry and he - huckleberry .
Phlox caespitosa is a species of phlox known by the common name tufted phlox .
Hylophorbus ( Mawatta Frogs ) is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to New Guinea .
Calotes bachae is a species of lizard in the Agamidae family .
Vibrio casei is a Gram - negative species of bacterium in the genus Vibrio .
Deinandra increscens is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name grassland tarweed .
Izumonauta is an extinct genus of shelled octopods from the Mid to Late Miocene of Japan and New Zealand .
Gilia cana is used as an exclusive food plant by the larvae of the Lepidoptera species Schinia biundulata .
Snyderina is a genus of waspfishes found in the western Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Dendropsophus leucophyllatus ( common names : Beireis ' treefrog , also white - leaf frog ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Leptotyphlops nasalis , or Taylor 's blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Oreokera is a genus of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Schistura oedipus is a species of troglobitic stone loach endemic to Thailand .
Clea cambojiensis is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks , most of which are marine .
Prenoceratops , ( meaning ' bent or prone - horned face ' and derived from Greek prene-/πρηνη- meaning ' bent forwards ' or ' prone ' , cerat-/κερατ- meaning ' horn ' and -ops/ωψ meaning ' face ' ) is a genus of ceratopsian dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period .
Ulva prolifera is a species of seaweed in Ulvaceae family that can be found worldwide .
Thyrsostachys is a genus of Chinese and Indochinese bamboo in the grass family .
Rana iriodes is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Vietnam .
Palaeospinax is an extinct genus of shark which lived from the Early Triassic to the end of the Eocene epoch .
Lyonia fruticosa , the poor - grub or coastal plain staggerbush , is a plant species native to the US states of Florida , southern Georgia and the extreme southern part of South Carolina .
Heteroponera flava is a species of ant in the genus Heteroponera .
Neohecyra graueri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Neohecyra .
Dothideales are an order of bitunicate fungi consisting mainly of saprobic or plant parasitic species .
Puncha ratzeburgi is a species of snakeflies in the family Raphidiidae .
Aethes dilucidana , the short - barred yellow conch , is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae .
Euprymna berryi , commonly called humming - bird bobtail squid or Berry 's bobtail squid among various other vernacular names , is a species of mollusc cephalopod in the family Sepiolidae .
Cantharidus pulcherrimus , common name the beautiful jewel top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Dorstenia contrajerva is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Mexico , Central America , the Caribbean and South America .
Mallosia graeca is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily , that can be found only in Greece .
Typhlichthys subterraneus is a species of fish in the Amblyopsidae family endemic to karst regions of the eastern United States .
Eupatorium tashiroi is a plant species in Asteraceae .
Tillandsia lotteae is a species of flowering plant from the genus Tillandsia .
Taxus chinensis is a species of yew .
Ocenebra erinaceus , common name the European sting winkle , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex and rock snails .
Mycena nargan , commonly known as the Nargan 's bonnet , is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family , and the sole member of the section Nargan in the genus Mycena .
Leptotyphlops melanotermus , or the Latin American blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Sotoa is a genus of orchid , a relatively new genus described in 2010 .
Austromorium hetericki is an Australian species of ant in the genus Austromorium .
Bossiaea obcordata , commonly known as spiny bossiaea , is a plant species in the family Fabaceae .
Aphanotorulus ammophilus , also known as the Black spotted pleco or L094 , is a species of benthopelagic tropical freshwater catfish in the family Loricariidae endemic to Venezuela , specifically the Río Orinoco drainage .
Abraeus is a genus of hister beetles .
Libinia dubia , the longnose spider crab , is a species of crab in the family Epialtidae .
Flabellina llerae is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine heterobranchia mollusc in the family Flabellinidae .
Burnettia , common name lizard orchid , is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Boltonia apalachicolensis , common name Apalachicola doll's - daisy , is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Heterandria is a genus of livebearing fishes within the family Poeciliidae .
Cranoglanis multiradiatus is a species of armorhead catfish found in China with questionable records from Vietnam .
Trachelipus difficilis is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Hungary , Romania and Slovakia .
Agonum darlingtoni is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily , that can be found in the United States .
It contains only one species , Aepylopha thalassia , which is found in Australia .
Olybria furciferella is a species of snout moth in the genus Olybria .
Scartella itajobi is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Atlantic ocean .
Inocarpus fagifer , commonly known as the Tahitian Chestnut , Polynesian Chestnut , Aila or Mape tree , is a species of flowering plant in the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family , Fabaceae .
Amaranthus torreyi is a species of flowering plant that is sometimes considered to be a synonym of Amaranthus watsonii .
Rhinocricidae is a family of millipedes , that occurs disjunctly in Malesia and neighbouring parts of Australasia and in the Neotropics .
Moghreberia is an extinct genus of dicynodont from the Triassic period in Morocco .
Tetralonia commixtana , also known as Tetralonia ( Thygatina ) commixtana , is a species of bees belonging to the family Apidae subfamily Apinae .
Leiocassis is a genus of bagrid catfishes found mostly in Southeast Asia with some species occurring in China .
Leptopelis is a genus of frogs found throughout Africa .
Xiphasia setifer , the hairtail blenny or the snake blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific and Indian Oceans .
Kerguelenella innominata is a species of air - breathing sea snail , a false limpet , a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Siphonariidae , the false limpets .
Dendropsophus koechlini is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , known commonly as Koechlin 's Treefrog .
Gammarus hyalelloides is a species of amphipod crustacean in the family Gammaridae .
Aptostichus simus is a species of trapdoor spider in the family Euctenizidae .
Distenia is a genus of Disteniid beetle .
Alocasia cucullata is a species of flowering plant in the arum family known by the common names Chinese taro , Chinese ape , Buddha 's hand , and hooded dwarf elephant ear .
Discocactus is a genus of tropical cactus .
Procaimanoidea ( `` Before Caiman - forms '' ) is an extinct genus of alligatorid from the Eocene of North America .
Pituophis is a genus of nonvenomous colubrid snakes commonly referred to as gopher snakes , pine snakes , and bull snakes , which are endemic to North America .
Limax ecarinatus ( also known as Limacus maculatus when the subgenus Limacus is elevated to the generic level ) , is a large species of air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae , the keelback slugs .
Jiangjunosaurus is a genus of herbivorous stegosaurian dinosaur from the Oxfordian - age ( Upper Jurassic ) Shishugou Formation of the Junggar Basin , Xinjiang , China .
The Typhlopidae are a family of blind snakes .
Flabellina marcusorum , ( Spanish common name : Eolidáceo de Marcus ) is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Flabellinidae .
Vermilacinia cerebra is classified in the subgenus Cylindricaria in which it is distinguished from related species by the thallus divided into tubular inflated or somewhat compressed fan - shaped branches .
Arytropteris pondo , known as Pondo Flat - necked Shieldback , is a species of shield - backed katydid .
Boechera hoffmannii ( formerly Arabis hoffmannii ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Hoffmann 's rockcress .
Packera macounii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Siskiyou Mountains ragwort .
Sievekingia is a genus of orchid , comprising 20 species found in Central and South America , from Nicaragua east to the Guianas and south to Bolivia .
Zabrus morio is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that can be found in such Asian countries as Afghanistan , Armenia , Georgia , Iran , Kazakhstan , Pakistan , Syria , Turkmenistan , Turkey and Uzbekistan .
Acanthostega ( meaning spiny roof ) is an extinct genus of stem - tetrapod , among the first vertebrate animals to have recognizable limbs .
Knipowitschia mermere is a species of fresh water goby endemic to Lake Marmara in Turkey where it can be found in shallow , poorly oxygenated water with plentiful weed growth .
Erodium moschatum is a species of flowering plant in the geranium family known by the common names musk stork's - bill and whitestem filaree .
Chlorogalum purpureum is a species of flowering plant related to the agaves known by the common name purple amole .
Mimotragocephala dujardini is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimotragocephala .
The Tremellomycetes are a class of dimorphic fungi .
Omphalota chlorobasis is a species of snout moth in the genus Omphalota .
Orthosiphon aristatus is a plant species in the family of Lamiaceae / Labiatae .
Chthonerpeton indistinctum is a species of amphibian in the Typhlonectidae family found in Argentina , Brazil , Paraguay , and Uruguay .
Dunaliella is a genus of the algae family Dunaliellaceae .
Agrostis elliottiana is a species of grass known by the common name Elliott 's bent grass .
Crepis bakeri is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Baker 's hawksbeard .
Litadeini is a pan - tropical tribe of lace bugs .
Pseudocyriocrates strandi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudocyriocrates .
Paracirrhites is a genus of hawkfishes found on tropical reefs of the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean .
Isocoma arguta is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Carquinez goldenbush .
The single described species Pseudopartona ornata is only found in French Guiana .
Palaeoaplysina is a genus of tabular , calcified fossils that are a component of many Late Palaeozoic reefs .
Conus wallangra , common name the Wallangra cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Opades costipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Opades .
Bakerella is genus of sixteen showy mistletoe species in Madagascar and the Mascarenes .
Combresomyces is a genus of hyphal , parasitic oomycete known from the fossil record ; it infects organisms such as the seed fern Lyginopteris .
Chlorurus sordidus , known commonly as the daisy parrotfish or bullethead parrotfish , is a species of marine fish in the family Scaridae .
Antedon mediterranea is a species of stalkless crinoid in the family Antedonidae , commonly known as the Mediterranean feather star .
Milvus is a genus of medium - sized birds of prey .
Potomotyphlus kaupii is a species of amphibian in the Typhlonectidae family .
Boophis tephraeomystax is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family endemic to Madagascar .
Raorchestes chalazodes ( chalazodes bubble - nest frog , white - spotted bush frog , or Günther 's bush frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Fissurella costata , common name : the costate keyhole limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Ribes nevadense ( sometimes spelled R. nevadaense ) is a species of currant known by the common names Sierra currant and mountain pink currant .
Glossostelma is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1895 .
Enoplosus armatus , the old wife ( plural : old wives ) , is a species of perciform fish endemic to the temperate coastal waters of Australia .
Cheirolophus is a genus in the sunflower family described as a genus in 1827 .
Granulenotes granulipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Granulenotes .
Gryllus assimilis , commonly known as the Jamaican field cricket , is one of many cricket species known as a field cricket .
Papilio fuelleborni is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Tanzania and Malawi .
Oectoperodes rufitinctalis is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Oectoperodes .
Eriogonum saxatile is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name hoary buckwheat .
Janthina globosa is a species of holoplanktonic sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Janthinidae , the violet snails or purple storm snails .
Leucoptera spartifoliella is a species of moth in family Lyonetiidae known by the common name Scotch broom twig miner .
Alcithoe hedleyi is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Iapetognathus fluctivagus is a species of denticulate cordylodan conodonts belonging to the genus Iapetognathus .
Hybopsis is a genus of cyprinid fish endemic to the United States .
Thor amboinensis , commonly known as the squat shrimp or sexy shrimp , is a species of shrimp found across the Indo - West Pacific and in parts of the Atlantic Ocean .
Spasskia brevicarinata is a species of parasitoid wasp native to the Guizhou and Yunnan provinces of China .
Apistobuthus pterygocercus is a species of scorpion that lives on the Arabian Peninsula .
Camponotus eastwoodi is a species of ant in the genus Camponotus .
Acer pauciflorum is an Asian species of maple in the sandalwood family .
Populus guzmanantlensis is a species of plant in the family Salicaceae .
Allium speculae , the Little River Canyon Onion , is a plant species native to the US States of Georgia and Alabama , especially in the vicinity of the Little River Canyon National Preserve in northeastern Alabama .
Manfreda virginica , commonly known as the false aloe , rattlesnake master , and Virginia agave , is a species of flowering plant related to agaves .
Astragalus obscurus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name arcane milkvetch .
The Jamaican monkey ( Xenothrix mcgregori ) is an extinct species of New World monkey first uncovered at Long Mile Cave in Jamaica by Harold Anthony in 1919 .
The binni , or Mesopotamic Barbel , Mesopotamichthys sharpeyi , is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Tigris - Euphrates river system .
Alvaradoa is a genus of plant in family Picramniaceae .
Melica stricta is a species of grass known by the common name rock melic .
The genus contains a single described species , Haidomyrmodes mammuthus .
Austriadraco is a genus of pterosaur living during the Late Triassic in the area of present Austria .
Valvata virens is a species of freshwater snail in the family Valvatidae .
Mahonia hancockiana is a species of flowering plant in the family Berberidaceae , first described in 1917 .
Aristolochia quangbinhensis ( ( Vietnamese ) Phòng Kỷ Quảng Bình ) is a Endemic Flora species in Aristolochia genus .
Tieghemella heckelii ( also called Baku or Cherry Mahogany ) is a tree species of the genus Tieghemella in the plant family of the Sapotaceae .
Colubraria testacea is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colubrariidae .
Miathyria is a Neotropical genus of dragonflies .
Achondrostoma oligolepis is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Achondrostoma .
The Alcyonacea , or soft corals , are an order of corals which do not produce calcium carbonate skeletons .
Australosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodylian belonging to the subfamily Mekosuchinae .
Oreorchis patens is a species of orchid native to eastern Asia .
Uroplectes formosus is a species of scorpion in the family Buthidae , and the smallest species in the genus Uroplectes .
Habenaria medusa is a species of orchid endemic to Java , Sumatra , Sulawesi and Borneo .
Aggiosaurus is an extinct genus of geosaurine metriorhynchid crocodyliform known from the Late Jurassic ( late Oxfordian stage ) of Nice , southeastern France .
Sinocyclocheilus tileihornes is a species of freshwater ray - finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus .
Myelodes jansei is a species of snout moth , and the type species in the genus Myelodes .
Hepsetus is a genus of African fishes , the African pikes , in the order Characiformes .
Pararhadinorhynchus mugilis is a species of parasitic worm in the phylum Acanthocephala .
Aspistomella lobioptera is a species of ulidiidae or picture - winged fly in the genus Aspistomella of the family Ulidiidae .
Pitekunsaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Neuquén , Argentina .
Rhammatophyllum pachyrhizum is a plant species native to Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan .
The Phytoscutus genus contains the following species :
Carlephyton madagascariense is a plant species in the genus Carlephyton endemic to Madagascar .
Horsfordia is a small genus of flowering plants in the mallow family known commonly as velvetmallows .
Viator picis is an extinct genus and species of lapwing ( Charadriiformes ; Charadriidae ; Vanellinae ) known only from the upper Pleistocene asphalt deposits known as the Talara Tar Seeps , which are found near Talara , northwestern Peru .
Adenium arabicum is a species of plant commonly used for bonsai and cultivated for its leaves , growth form and flowering characteristics .
Allium erdelii is a plant species found in Israel , Palestine Lebanon , Syria , Iraq , Egypt , Libya and Jordan .
Magnapinna atlantica , previously known as `` Magnapinna sp . A '' , is a species of bigfin squid known from only two specimens collected in the northern Atlantic Ocean .
Hydrophyllum brownei ( Brown 's waterleaf ) is a rare North American plant species found only in the Ouachita Mountains in Arkansas .
Myoxocephalus scorpioides , the arctic sculpin or the northern sculpin , is a predatory species of sculpin in the fish family Cottidae .
Brancsikia freyi is a species of praying mantis of the subfamily Deroplatyinae of the family Mantidae .
Platanthera sparsiflora is a species of orchid known by the common name sparse - flowered bog orchid .
Allanblackia floribunda , known in English as ' tallow tree ' , is a species of flowering plant in the Clusiaceae family that has been long used in traditional African medicine to treat hypertension .
The water springtail ( Podura aquatica ) is a species of springtail , one of only four described species in the family Poduridae .
Dorstenia choconiana is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Central America from Guatemala to Panama .
Maerua andradae is a species of plant in the Capparaceae family .
Chrysopilus asiliformis , the ' little snipefly ' , is a species of ' snipe flies ' belonging to the family Rhagionidae .
Bambusa ventricosa is a species of bamboo which is native to Vietnam and to Guangdong province in southern China .
Lycopodium magellanicum is a species of club moss that falls into the Lycopodium genus .
Scaphiopus is a genus of North American amphibian commonly referred to as the North American spadefoots , southern spadefoots , or eastern spadefoot toads .
Kokia kauaiensis , the Kauai treecotton or Kauaʻi Kokiʻo , is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family , Malvaceae , that is endemic to Kauaʻi , Hawaii .
Bursera bipinnata is a Mesoamerican species of trees widespread across Mexico and Central America from Chihuahua to Honduras .
Heterorhabditis heliothidis is a nematode species in the genus Heterorhabditis .
Vinca minor ( common names lesser periwinkle or dwarf periwinkle ) is a species of flowering plant native to central and southern Europe , from Portugal and France north to the Netherlands and the Baltic States , east to the Caucasus , and also southwestern Asia in Turkey .
Afronandus sheljuzhkoi , the Fourspine leaffish , is a species of Asian leaffish native to Ivory Coast .
Stathmostelma is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1893 .
Hadogenes troglodytes is a species of scorpion from southern Africa .
Buddleja montana is a species endemic to the rocky hillsides of the cordilleras of Peru at altitudes of 2,700 -- 4,000 m , extending into Bolivia ; it was named and described by Britton in 1898 .
Nephrurus amyae , commonly known as the rough knob - tailed gecko , is a species of gecko .
Salix taraikensis is a species of willow native to Hokkaidō ( Japan ) and Sakhalin ( Russia ) .
Talegalla is a genus of bird in the Megapodiidae family .
Teleocichla cinderella is a species of cichlid endemic to Brazil where it is found in the lower Tocantins River basin .
Myrmecia croslandi is a species of bull ant which is native to Australia .
Prionosciadium nelsonii is a plant species known from the Mexican states of Chiapas and Morelos .
Glutinoglossum exiguum is a species of earth tongue fungus that was described as new to science in 2015 .
Asperula orientalis ( known as Annual Woodruff or Oriental Woodruff ) is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family .
Pristimantis educatoris is a species of frog found in Costa Rica , Panama , and Colombia .
Bolbitis heteroclita is an aquatic fern species of Bolbitis , native to the Indochina region of tropical Southeast Asia .
Raorchestes parvulus ( common names : Karin bubble - nest frog , tiny bubble - nest frog , dwarf bushfrog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Barbus amanpoae is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Amanpoa River and the Uele River .
Geranium multiflorum is a rare species of geranium known by the common names manyflower geranium , or manyflowered cranesbill .
The Archbold 's owlet - nightjar ( Aegotheles archboldi ) is a species of bird in the Aegothelidae family .
Minolia ceraunia is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae .
Oxythemis phoenicosceles , the Pepperpants , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Trichoparmenonta hoegei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Trichoparmenonta .
Erieopterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid found in Silurian to Devonian - aged marine strata of Europe and North America .
Although up to eight species have formerly been recognised in the genus Eoleptestheria , they are more usually all considered part of one species with a cosmopolitan distribution .
Bryopteris gaudichaudii is a species of liverwort in the Lejeuneaceae family .
Nesopupa plicifera is a species of very small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae .
Nematocharax venustus is a species of characin endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Jequitinhonha River basin .
Leptopodomorpha is an infraorder of insects in the order Hemiptera ( true bugs ) .
Pupfish are a group of small killifish belonging to ten genera of the family Cyprinodontidae of ray - finned fish .
Osmoxylon is a genus of flowering plant of family Araliaceae , comprising 60 species .
Atelecyclus undecimdentatus is a species of crab in the family Atelecyclidae .
Spermacoce brachysepala , the West Indian false buttonweed , is a plant species in the Rubiaceae .
Mauritiella is a dioecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in South America where it is commonly called buriti .
Plantago erecta is a host species for the Edith 's Checkerspot butterfly .
Luronium natans is a species of aquatic plant commonly known as the floating water - plantain .
Thalassodromidae ( meaning `` sea runners '' ) is a family of pterodactyloid pterosaurs from the early Cretaceous period of Brazil .
Leptosiphon nuttallii is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Nuttall 's linanthus .
Allium victorialis , commonly known as victory onion , Alpine leek , is a broad - leaved Eurasian species of wild onion .
Cottinella boulengeri , the short - headed sculpin , is a species of freshwater fish , a deepwater sculpin endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia .
Cytisus striatus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names hairy - fruited broom , Portuguese broom , French broom and Spanish broom .
Christophia climacopterae is a species of snout moth in the genus Christophia .
Apluda is a genus of plants in the grass family native to Asia and to various islands in the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
Gongxianosaurus is a genus of basal sauropod dinosaur from the early Jurassic Period ( Toarcian stage ) .
Cryptoclididae is a family of medium - sized plesiosaurs that existed from the middle Jurassic to the early Cretaceous period .
Cryptogramma crispa , the parsley fern , is an Arctic -- alpine species of fern .
The genus contains a single described species , Archiponera wheeleri known from several Late Eocene fossils which were found in North America .
Dactyloscopus pectoralis , the Whitesaddle stargazer , is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of Baja California , Mexico and the Gulf of Mexico .
Brachyglottis huntii , commonly called rautini or Chatham Island Christmas tree , is a species in the Asteraceae family and is found only on the Chatham Islands in New Zealand .
Clarkia speciosa is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name redspot clarkia .
Lipophrys trigloides is a species of combtooth blenny .
Conus byssinus , common name the lesser butterfly cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Platanthera tescamnis , the intermountain bog orchid , is a species of orchid described in 2006 .
Phyllostachys aurea is a bamboo species of the ' running bamboo ' type , belonging to the diverse Bambuseae tribe .
Tagiades japetus , commonly known as the Pied Flat or the Common Snow Flat , is a species of spread - winged skipper butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae .
Cynodesmus is an extinct genus of omnivorous canine which inhabited North America during the Oligocene living from 33.3 - --26.3 Ma and existed for approximately 7 million years .
Acritopappus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae described as a genus in 1972 .
Lycopus uniflorus is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name northern bugleweed .
Phyllostegia racemosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names kiponapona and racemed phyllostegia .
Eulepetopsis vitrea is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neolepetopsidae , one of the families of true limpets .
Clanculus philippii , common name Philippi 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Potamogeton clystocarpus is a rare species of flowering plant in the pondweed family known by the common name Little Aguja pondweed .
Allium hirtovaginatum is a species of wild onion native to the Mediterranean region , from Morocco and the Balearic Islands to Turkey .
Apotomops spomotopa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family that is endemic to Peru .
Guibourtia coleosperma , aka African rosewood ( ambiguous ) , large false mopane , Rhodesian copalwood , and machibi , is a species of Guibourtia in the family Fabaceae .
Turbo fluctuosus , common name the wavy turban , is a species of sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae .
The Mindoro racket - tail ( Prioniturus mindorensis ) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculinae family .
Kobyashiceras is an extinct genus in the cephalopod order Actinocerida , from Lower Devonian marine sediments in Japan .
It consists of a single species , namely Streptolirion volubile .
Artedius is a genus of sculpins native to the Pacific Ocean .
Desmoxytes rhinoceros is an aposematic species of dragon millipede in the genus Desmoxytes .
Aconitum lamarckii is a herbaceous plant species of the genus Aconitum in the family Ranunculaceae .
Pelargonium × fragrans , like its parent Pelargonium odoratissimum , is a small , spreading species which only grows up to 30 cm high and 60 cm wide .
Gilbertolus is a genus of dogtooth characins from northwestern South America , where restricted to the Atrato , Magdalena and Maracaibo basins .
Anthicus is a genus of ant - like flower beetles .
Gonimbrasia belina is a species of moth found in much of Southern Africa , whose large edible caterpillar , the mopani or mopane worm , is an important source of protein for millions of indigenous Southern Africans .
Discodorididae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs , specifically dorid nudibranchs , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Doridoidea .
Calguia defiguralis is a species of snout moth in the genus Calguia .
Heylerosauridae is a family of mastodonsauroid temnospondyls .
Ctenacodon is a genus of extinct mammal that lived in what is now North America during the Upper Jurassic period .
Anisomeles indica , with common name catmint , is a species of herbaceous plant native to eastern Asia and naturalized on some Pacific islands .
Aldisa andersoni is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae .
Saurida filamentosa , the Threadfin saury , is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Western Pacific .
Tubastraea , also known as sun coral or sun polyps , is a genus of coral in the phylum Cnidaria .
Exerodonta smaragdina ( commonly known as the emerald tree frog ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Ligustrum pricei is a species of Ligustrum , native to China ( Guizhou , Hubei , Hunan , Shaanxi , Sichuan ) and Taiwan , where it occurs at 900 - -1700 m altitude .
Satyrium buchananii is a species of ground orchid occurring from Tanzania to Southern tropical Africa .
Falsodihammus strandiellus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Falsodihammus .
Euphorbia griffithii , the Griffith 's spurge , is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family Euphorbiaceae , native to Bhutan , Tibet and south west China .
Omphalepia dujardini is a species of snout moth in the genus Omphalepia .
Synalpheus carpenteri is a species of sponge - dwelling snapping shrimp described in 2006 from specimens collected from the Belizean Barrier Reef of the Exuma Islands , Bahamas , and the Atlantic coast of Panama .
Aulonocara jacobfreibergi , the eureka red peacock , is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family .
Parauna zikani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parauna .
Trinchesia alpha is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tergipedidae .
Anchomenus virescens is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Ukraine and southern part of Russia .
Sporobolus flexuosus is a species of grass known by the common name mesa dropseed .
Silene caucasica is a species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae .
Gemina is a genus of green alga .
Scrophularia lanceolata is a species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name lanceleaf figwort .
Colchicum davisii is a large - flowering species native to Turkey .
Gentianaceae is a family of flowering plants of 87 genera and about 1600 species .
Microvelia is a genus of aquatic bug in the family Veliidae .
It contains the single species Mosquitoxylum jamaicense , which grows naturally from southern Mexico to Ecuador and also in Jamaica .
Species The only known species is Lamarckia aurea , the golden dog's - tail or goldentop grass It is an annual plant , typically 30 - 45 centimetres in height , with clusters of golden flowers in a panicle 5 - -8 cm long and 2 - 2.5 cm broad .
†Partula vittata was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Eleutherodactylus schmidti is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Hispaniola , and found in both the Dominican Republic and Haiti .
Luria controversa , the ' Controversial Isabella ' , is a species of cowry , a sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Baenoidea is a superfamily of extinct terrestrial and marine cryptordian turtles .
Beetles of the genus Helichus are found worldwide apart from in Australia and Antarctica .
It contains the single species Grucia monacheicauda , which is found in Mexico .
Alcides is a genus of uraniid moths from northern Australia , New Guinea , and other islands in the region .
Agyneta simplicitarsis is a species of sheet weaver found in Europe , Kazakhstan and Russia .
Leptodynerus is a palearctic genus of potter wasps .
Lanceola is a genus of green algae , in the family Characiaceae .
Suaeda vera , the alkali seepweed or shrubby sea - blite , is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family .
Acriopsis emarginata is a species of orchid endemic to Queensland .
Penstemon franklinii ( Franklin 's penstemon ) is a plant species endemic to Utah , known only from Cedar Valley in Iron County .
Cayratia geniculata is a species of plant native to Asia .
Paragoniates alburnus is a species of characin found in the Amazon River basin in Brazil , Peru , and Venezuela .
Abelisaurus ( /əˌbɛlᵻˈsɔːrəs/ ; `` Abel 's lizard '' ) is a genus of predatory abelisaurid theropod dinosaur during the Late Cretaceous Period ( Campanian ) of what is now South America .
Gnaphosa badia is a ground spider species found from Europe to Azerbaijan .
Pristobrycon striolatus is a species of serrasalmid .
Solanum furcatum is a species of nightshade known by the common name forked nightshade .
Conus janus , common name the janus cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Nitocrella is a genus of copepod .
Cyclocarya is a genus of flowering plants in the family Juglandaceae , comprising a single species Cyclocarya paliurus ( qing qian liu or wheel wingnut ) , formerly treated in the genus Pterocarya as Pterocarya paliurus .
Avimimus ( /ˌeɪvɨˈmaɪməs/ AY - vi - MY - məs ) , meaning `` bird mimic '' ( Latin avis = bird + mimus = mimic ) , was a genus of bird - like maniraptoran dinosaur that lived in the late Cretaceous in what is now Mongolia , around 70 million years ago .
Pseudelephantopus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1792 .
Cardiocrinum giganteum , the giant Himalayan lily , is the largest species of any of the lily plants , growing up to 3.5 metres high .
Hymenaea martiana is a tree species in the genus Hymenaea found in Brazil ( Alagoas , Bahia , Ceara , Goias , Mato Grosso , Minas Gerais , Pernambuco ) and Paraguay .
Jiangxichelys is an extinct genus of nanhsiungchelyid turtle which existed in Ganzhou , Jiangxi Province , China during the latest Cretaceous epoch .
Eustenancistrocerus is an afrotropical , palearctic and oriental genus of potter wasps .
Silene schafta , the Caucasian campion or autumn catchfly , is a species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae , native to western Asia .
The Ichneumonidae are a parasitoid wasp family within the order Hymenoptera .
Solitas gruveli , the Guinea Flathead , is a species of flathead native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean along the African coast .
Whalleyana ( Viette , 1977 ) is an enigmatic genus of moths in the Lepidopteran group Obtectomera , endemic to Madagascar .
Psenopsis is a genus of medusafishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Aegista subchinensis ( 台灣大臍蝸牛 ; `` Taiwan 's umbilical snail '' ) is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Bradybaenidae .
Pachycereus schottii , the senita cactus , is a species of cactus from southern Arizona and north - western Mexico , particularly Baja California and Sonora .
Crataegus chrysocarpa is a species of hawthorn that is native to much of the continental United States and Canada .
Angustopila dominikae is a species of land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hypselostomatidae .
The genus Pulsatilla contains about 33 species of herbaceous perennials native to meadows and prairies of North America , Europe , and Asia .
The Arctic lemming ( Dicrostonyx torquatus ) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae .
Rubus phoenicolasius ( Japanese Wineberry , wine raspberry , or wineberry ) is an Asian species of raspberry ( Rubus subgenus Idaeobatus ) in the rose family .
Phyllobius arborator is a species of broad - nosed weevils belonging to the family Curculionidae , subfamily Entiminae .
Cantharidella balteata , common name the tessellated top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Nebria ambigua is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Tajikistan .
Mimagoniates lateralis is a species of tetra in the genus Mimagoniates .
The Emmelia trabealis , sometimes known as the Spotted Sulphur , is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae .
Pseudostrangalia cruentata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Pseudostrangalia .
Oeceoclades ambongensis is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to Madagascar .
Vampyroteuthidae is a family of vampyromorph cephalopods comprising the extant vampire squid , Vampyroteuthis infernalis , and the extinct Vampyronassa rhodanica from the Middle Jurassic .
Hypolepis ambigua , ( commonly known as pigfern ) is a species of fern that grows in New Zealand .
Labidochromis freibergi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around Likoma Island in areas with rocky substrates .
Dysphania militaris is a species of moth of the Geometridae family that is found from in the tropical regions of South and Southeast Asia .
Cyclochila australasiae , commonly known as the green grocer , is a species of cicada and one of Australia 's most familiar insects .
The Meyer 's friarbird ( Philemon meyeri ) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family .
Tosena fasciata is a cicada species from Southeast Asia that has been recorded from Sumatra , Java , Borneo and Ambon Island
†Partula protracta was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Fomitiporia mediterranea is a fungus species in the genus Fomitiporia associated with esca of grapevine .
Brotulotaenia brevicauda is a benthopelagic marine fish species in the family Ophidiidae .
Allium haemanthoides is a plant species native to Iraq and Iran .
Parvulastra exigua , or the dwarf cushion star is a species of sea star .
The Mindo robber frog or hornless groundfrog , Strabomantis necerus , is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Procerodidae is a family of marine triclads .
Pereskiopsis spathulata is the species of Pereskiopsis that is most commonly used when performing cactus seedling grafts .
Agaricus inapertus is a species of secotioid fungus in the genus Agaricus .
Hypaurotis is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae .
Magnolia liliifera was classified as having several varieties however these have now been generally accepted as species by several botanists including Hans Peter Nooteboom and Richard B. Figlar according to data compiled by Rafaël Govaerts , a researcher for the WCSP at Kew Gardens .
Alisma canaliculatum is a species of plants in the Alismataceae .
Palpada suprarufa is a species of flower fly first found in Ecuador .
Ctenochromis pectoralis , the Pangani Haplo ( short for `` haplochromine '' ) , is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family .
Manglietia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Magnoliaceae .
Fuscoporia torulosa is a species of bracket fungus in the Fuscoporia genus , family Hymenochaetaceae .
Beckianum beckianum is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae .
Pyrene flava , common name : the yellow dove shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae , the dove snails .
The Garden Grass - veneer ( Chrysoteuchia culmella ) is a species of moth of the family Crambidae .
Pentadiplandra brazzeana is the sole species in the plant genus Pentadiplandra , which is placed alone in family Pentadiplandraceae .
Neochmia is a genus of estrildid finches found in Australasia .
Solidago ptarmicoides , the prairie goldenrod , white flat - top goldenrod or upland white aster a North American species of goldenrod in the sunflower family .
Conus monachus , common name the monastic cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Almutaster is a North American genus of plants in the aster fammily containing the single species Almutaster pauciflorus ( formerly Aster pauciflorus ) , which is known by the common name alkali marsh aster .
Tabanus spodopterus also known as the black horned giant horsefly is a species of biting horse - fly .
Rhacophorus edentulus ( Celebes flying frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Oxydactyla is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to New Guinea .
Anaphalis triplinervis is am Asian species of flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the sunflower fammily , native to the Himalayas ( Tibet , Afghanistan , northern India , Nepal , Bhutan ) .
Pseudocalliurichthys brevianalis , the Small ruddertail dragonet , is a species of dragonet native to the coastal waters of Indonesia where it can be found at depths of from 0 to 6 metres ( 0 to 20 ft ) .
Hydrangea arborescens , commonly known as smooth hydrangea , wild hydrangea , or sevenbark , is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae .
Goodyera yunnanensis is a species of orchid endemic to southern China .
Thyasira trisinuata , common name the `` Atlantic cleft clam '' , is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Thyasiridae .
Genicanthus caudovittatus , common names Zebra angelfish , Swallowtail angelfish , and Lyretail angelfish , is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacanthidae .
Streptomyces incanus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil of a hay meadow from the Cockle Park Experimental Farm in Northumberland in the United Kingdom .
Schistosoma nasale is a species of digenetic trematode in the family Schistosomatidae .
Nebria pazi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Bejar and Gredos mountains of Spain .
It contains only one species , Antigambra amphitrocta , which is found in Zimbabwe and South Africa .
Trichoxycentrus rugiceps is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Trichoxycentrus .
Lestobradys is an extinct genus of mylodontidae which existed in Uruguay during the late Miocene period .
Conus barthelemyi , common name the Barthelemy 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
The Timor leaf warbler ( Phylloscopus presbytes ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family .
The Persian jird ( Meriones persicus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Afghanistan , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Iran , Iraq , Pakistan , Turkey , and Turkmenistan .
Bactrosaurus ( /ˌbæktroʊˈsɔːrəs/ ; meaning `` Club lizard , '' `` baktron '' = club + sauros = lizard ) is a genus of herbivorous dinosaur that lived in east China during the late Cretaceous , about 70 mya .
Gnathia pilosus is the eighth gnathiid species to be described from South Africa .
Lonchoptera bifurcata is a species of spear - winged or pointed - winged fly in the family Lonchopteridae .
Canistrum stabile is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae .
The Trans - Pecos striped whiptail ( Cnemidophorus inornatus heptagrammus ) is a subspecies of the little striped whiptail ( Cnemidophorus inornatus ) lizard .
Philovenator ( literally meaning `` love hunter '' ) is an extinct genus of troodontid paravian dinosaurs from the Wulansuhai Formation ( dated to the Campanian age , sometime between 75 and 71 million years ago ) of Inner Mongolia , China .
Clermontia pyrularia is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names Hamakua clermontia and pear clermontia .
Atopomesus pachyodus is a species of characin endemic to the Rio Negro basin in Brazil .
Harrya atriceps is a rare species of bolete fungus .
Diastylis bidentata is a common benthic crustacean species .
Ambrosia chamissonis is a species of ragweed known by the common names silver burr ragweed , silver beachweed and ( silver ) beach bur(r ) .
Stangerochampsa is an extinct genus of globidontan alligatoroid , possibly an alligatorine , from the Late Cretaceous of Alberta .
Cyanotis cristata is a species of perennial plants in the family Commelinaceae .
Lesmesodon is an extinct genus of hyaenodontid creodont that lived during the Eocene .
Limaysaurus includes a single type species , Limaysaurus tessonei , which was originally referred to the genus Rebbachisaurus as Rebbachisaurus tessonei by Jorge Calvo and Leonardo Salgado in 1995 .
Peucedanum kerstenii member of the Apiaceae or carrot family and species of the genus Peucedanum makes its home among the giant groundsels ( Dendrosenecio ) atop of the mountains of Eastern Africa :
Encelia virginensis is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Virgin River brittlebush .
The Bassleroceratidae is a family of gradually expanding , smooth ellesmerocerids with a slight to moderate exogastric curvature , subcircular to strongly compressed cross section , and ventral orthochaonitc siphuncle .
Penstemon incertus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Mojave beardtongue .
Oligoryzomys destructor , also known as Tschudi 's colilargo or the destructive pygmy rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae .
Malayepipona is a monotypical Indomalayan genus of potter wasps .
Powelliphanta fiordlandica , one of the amber snails , is a species of large , carnivorous land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae .
Heminodus philippinus is a species of armored searobin native to the western Pacific Ocean , where it occurs at depths from 200 to 500 m ( 660 to 1,640 ft ) .
Coccomyces dentatus is a species of fungus in the family Rhytismataceae .
Polyodontes maxillosus is a species of polychaete worms in the family Acoetidae .
Eryma mandelslohi is a species of decapod crustacean that lived in Europe in the Jurassic .
The Moluccan hanging parrot ( Loriculus amabilis ) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family .
Sulfobacillus thermotolerans is a species of thermotolerant , chemolithotrophic , Gram - positive , aerobic , endospore - forming , acidophilic bacterium with type strain Kr1 T ( = VKM B-2339 T = DSM 17362 T ) .
Layia pentachaeta is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Sierra tidytips , or Sierra layia .
Labrisomus filamentosus , the Quillfin blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Caribbean Sea where they can be found on reefs with substantial algal growth .
Lasiancistrus schomburgkii is a species of armored catfish native to Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Guyana and Peru .
Xyletobius speiseri is a species of beetles in the genus Xyletobius of the family Anobiidae .
Vesperus creticus is a species of beetle in the Vesperidae family that is endemic to Greece .
Heliocopris ( large dung beetles ) is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea .
Paroplocephalus atriceps , the Lake Cronin Snake is a species of snake in the Elapidae family .
Etoushanocertidae is an extinct family of ceratitid ammonite cephalopods that were restricted to marine strata in Late Permian China .
The Scolecomorphidae are the family of tropical caecilians ( Frost ) or African caecilians ( ITIS ) .
Hieracium bolanderi or Bolander 's hawkweed is a North American plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Cynarctoides lemur is an extinct species of Cynarctoides , belonging to the subfamily Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini , a canid endemic to various parts of central North America from the Late Oligocene to Miocene epoch ( Harrisonian stage ) living 24.8 - -20.6 mya and existed for approximately 4.2 million years .
Exochorda racemosa , pearlbush or common pearlbush , is a species of plant in the rose family .
Nepenthes rowaniae ( /nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈroʊ.əniː/ ; after Ellis Rowan , Australian naturalist and illustrator ) is a species of pitcher plant endemic to the Cape York Peninsula , Australia .
Austropotamobius pallipes is an endangered European freshwater crayfish , and the only species of crayfish native to the British Isles .
Pogostemon formosanus is a plant species in Lamiaceae , first described in 1896 .
Atelopus famelicus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Colombia .
Ivara is a small genus of sea snails , pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks .
Micrurus nigrocinctus babaspul , or the Babaspul , is a subspecies of Micrurus nigrocinctus , more commonly known as the Central American Coral Snake .
Cucurbita radicans , commonly known in Mexico as Calabacilla ( little pumpkin / gourd ) or Calabaza de Coyote ( coyote gourd ) , is a species of gourd found growing wild , but also cultivated , in southern Mexico ( specifically in the Federal Districts of Jalisco , Mexico and Michoacán ) .
Collybia cookei is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family , and one of three species in the genus Collybia .
Dentocorticium irregulare is a species of crust fungus in the family Polyporaceae .
Schoenicola is a genus of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family .
Juncus orthophyllus is a species of rush known by the common name straightleaf rush .
Eriogonum nidularium is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name birdnest buckwheat .
Gomphotherium ( /ˌɡɒmfəˈθɪəriəm/ ; `` Welded Beast '' ) is an extinct genus of proboscid that evolved in the Early Miocene of North America and lived for about 10 million years from 13.650 - -3.6 Ma .
Heterobranchus is a genus of airbreathing catfishes native to Africa .
Erigeron compositus is an Arctic and alpine species of fleabane in the daisy family .
Mann 's worm snake ( Typhlops manni ) is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family .
Auricularia auricula - judae , known as the Jew 's ear , wood ear , jelly ear or by a number of other common names , is a species of edible Auriculariales fungus found worldwide .
Diversibipalium multilineatum is a species of large predatory land flatworm .
Allopeas gracile , common name the graceful awlsnail , is a species of small , tropical , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae .
Ammocrypta is a genus of perches , commonly known as the sand darters , native to Canada and the continental United States .
Amphiesma is a genus of colubrid snakes , commonly known as keelbacks because of their keeled dorsal scales .
Ctenosaura praeocularis , commonly known as the Southern Honduran Spiny - tailed Iguana , is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Astranthium ciliatum , or Comanche western - daisy , is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Simarouba glauca is a species of flowering tree that is native to Florida in the United States , southern Florida , South America , and the Lesser Antilles .
Houstonia rubra , the red bluet , is a plant species in the Rubiaceae .
The Sri Lankan leopard ( Panthera pardus kotiya ) is a leopard subspecies native to Sri Lanka .
Dosinia concentrica , common name the `` West Indian dosinia '' , is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae .
The Buller 's shearwater ( Ardenna bulleri ) is a Pacific species of seabird in the family Procellariidae ; it is also known as the grey - backed shearwater or New Zealand shearwater .
Allium insubricum is a plant species endemic to the Lombardy region in northern Italy .
Aldrovandia is a genus of fish in the family Halosauridae .
Blochius is a genus of prehistoric fish from the Eocene .
Pseudodyscrasis steyskali is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Pseudodyscrasis of the family Tephritidae .
Leptotyphlops telloi , or Tello 's thread snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Panicum repens is a species of grass known by many common names , including torpedograss , creeping panic , panic rampant , couch panicum , wainaku grass , quack grass , dog - tooth grass , and bullet grass .
The Taphrinomycetes are a class of ascomycete fungi belonging to the subdivision Taphrinomycotina .
Ageratina sodiroi is a species of flowering plant in the aster family .
Caledoniscincus is a genus of skinks ( a type of lizard ) .
Baylisascaris is a genus of roundworms that infect more than fifty animal species .
Miscanthus , silvergrass , is a genus of African , Eurasian , and Pacific Island plants in the grass family .
Rhabdolichops is a genus of glass knifefishes found in tropical South America .
Ophidion josephi is a fish species in the family Ophidiidae .
Amorphoscelis reticulata is a species of praying mantis that derives from Sarawak .
Docodonta is an order of extinct mammaliaforms that lived during the mid- to late - Mesozoic era .
Penicillium kongii is a terverticillate species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from plant leaves in China .
Caconemobius varius is a species of cricket known by the common name Kaumana cave cricket .
Farlowella henriquei is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Araguaia River basin .
Diodora rueppellii , common name the Rüppell 's keyhole limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Dizoniopsis coppolae is a species of sea snail , a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae , which is known from European waters , including the Greek Exclusive Economic Zone , Portuguese Exclusive Economic Zone , South West Coast of Apulia , and the Spanish Exclusive Economic Zone .
Ariocarpus bravoanus is a species of cactus which is endemic to San Luis Potosí in Mexico .
Nepenthes danseri ( /nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈdænsəraɪ/ ; after B. H. Danser , botanist ) is a species of tropical pitcher plant .
Abies fabri ( Faber 's fir ) is a conifer species in the family Pinaceae .
Buttonquail or hemipodes are members of a small family of birds , Turnicidae , which resemble , but are unrelated to , the quails of Phasianidae .
Petrotilapia chrysos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from around the southern islands of Chinyankwazi and Chinyamwezi .
Pseudalidus fulvofasciculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudalidus .
The Yemen linnet ( Linaria yemenensis ) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family .
Behemotops ( from the Biblical monster Behemoth , by Linnaeus and others believed to be a hippo ) is an extinct genus of herbivorous marine mammal .
Ichthyborus is a genus of distichodontid fishes found in tropical Africa , with these currently described species :
The Wrangel Island lemming ( Lemmus portenkoi ) is a species of lemming endemic to Wrangel Island in Russia .
Cheirolepidiaceae is a family of extinct coniferous plants .
Lauriidae is a family of land snails .
Taiwanajinga albofasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Taiwanajinga .
Odostemon quinquefolius is a shrub in the Berberidaceae family described as a species in 1918 .
The Firmicutes ( Latin : firmus , strong , and cutis , skin , referring to the cell wall ) are a phylum of bacteria , most of which have Gram - positive cell wall structure .
Cotinis fuscopicea is a species of Cotinis .
Ceramida moelleri is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Portugal and Spain .
Turrilitina is a proposed suborder of Cretaceous heteromorph ammonoid cephalopods derived from the Lytoceratidae in the Hauterivian stage of the Lower Cretaceous that would include the superfamilies Turrilitoidea , Ptychoceratoidea , and Scaphatoidea .
Leptosiphon acicularis ( syn . Linanthus acicularis ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name bristly linanthus .
Gasteroclupea is a genus of prehistoric clupeiform fish that is related to modern anchovies and herrings .
Micranthes oregana is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Oregon saxifrage .
Psilocybe subcubensis is an entheogenic species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family .
Sairocaris is an extinct genus of crustacean , in the order Hoplostraca , that lived in the Mississippian age .
Sebecidae is an extinct family of prehistoric mesoeucrocodylian crocodylomorphs .
Carex haydeniana is a species of sedge known by the common name cloud sedge .
Cheiridopsis caroli - schmidtii is a species in the genus Cheiridopsis that consists of 100 flowering succulent perennial plants .
Draba breweri is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names cushion draba , Brewer 's draba , and Brewer 's Whitlow grass .
Based on 16S rDNA sequence analysis and the low degree of DNA relatedness between other members of Achromobacter species , Yabuuchi et al proposes that Alcaligenes denitrificans should be classified as a subspecies of Achromobacter xylosoxidans ( Alcaligenes xylosoxidans subsp . denitrificans ) .
Chameleons or chamaeleons ( family Chamaeleonidae ) are a distinctive and highly specialized clade of old world lizards with 202 species described as of June 2015 .
Cordia subcordata is a species of flowering tree in the borage family , Boraginaceae , that occurs in eastern Africa , South Asia , Southeast Asia , northern Australia and the Pacific Islands .
Orthotylus interpositus is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in European countries such as Albania , Austria , Bulgaria , Czech Republic , France , Germany , Italy , Luxembourg , Poland , Romania , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain , Switzerland , Ukraine , and southern part of Russia .
Perizoma affinitata , the rivulet , is a species of moth of the Geometridae family .
Chorizanthe uniaristata is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name one - awn spineflower .
Topografov virus is an enveloped , negative - sense RNA virus species of the genus hantavirus in the Bunyaviridae family .
Tornelasmias capricorni was a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Achatinellidae .
The type species is Gegepterus changi .
Abacopteris penangiana is a fern species in the genus Abacopteris .
Stenaulorhynchus is an extinct genus of hyperodapedontid rhynchosaur from Middle Triassic ( late Anisian stage ) deposits of Tanganyika Territory , Tanzania .
Hordeum marinum , commonly known as sea barley or seaside barley , is a species of grass .
Cerapachys fossulatus is a species of reddish brown army ant found in Sri Lanka and China .
Protilemoides buergersi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Protilemoides .
Colus pubescens , common name the hairy colus , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Vahlkampfia is a genus of amoeboids in Heterolobosea .
Ptycholomoides aeriferana , the larch twist , is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae .
Ettlia terrestris is a species of green algae , in the family Chlorococcaceae .
The Bornean orangutan ( Pongo pygmaeus ) is a species of orangutan native to the island of Borneo .
Saccharomyces is a genus of fungi that includes many species of yeasts .
Middendorffinaia shadini is a species of unionid mussel endemic to South Primorye , Russia .
The Unalaska collared lemming ( Dicrostonyx unalascensis ) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae .
The Corimelaenidae are a family of shield bugs .
Stenotrema hirsutum , common name hairy slitmouth , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae .
Eulophia alta is a species of orchid , known as the wild coco .
Omphalobasella inconspicua is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Omphalobasella .
Shuleichthys brachypteryx is an extinct species of bony fish which existed in China during the Cretaceous period .
Calumma crypticum , commonly known as the cryptic chameleon , is a species of chameleon found in Madagascar .
Tachina amurensis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in Japan and Russia .
Dryopithecus was a genus of apes that is known from East Africa into Eurasia during the late Miocene period .
Oncidium ornithorhynchum is a species of orchid found from Mexico to Colombia .
Syzygium aqueum is a species of brush cherry tree .
Colpichthys is a genus of Neotropical silverside endemic to the Gulf of Mexico .
Hirudo orientalis is a species of medicinal leech .
Schistura udomritthiruji is species of stone loach , a riverine fish found in streams in southern Thailand .
The Palaeognathae are usually considered a superorder , but authors have treated them as a taxon as high as subclass ( Stresemann 1927 - -1934 ) or as low as an order ( Cracraft 1981 ) .
Panellus pusillus is a species of fungus in the family Mycenaceae .
Machaeranthera juncea ( syn . Xanthisma junceum ) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names rush bristleweed or rush - like bristleweed .
Saussurea laniceps is pollinated by two generalist bumblebee species , Bombus rufofasticatus and Bombus festivus , that appear to specialize on Saussurea laniceps when it is flowering .
Scutalus mariopenai is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae .
Sympergoides nasutus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Sympergoides .
Maxillaria tenuifolia , the Delicate - leafed Maxillaria or Coconut Pie Orchid , is a species of orchid ranging from Mexico to Nicaragua and possibly Costa Rica .
Heliomeris soliceps is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family called the Tropical false goldeneye or paria sunflower .
Rita macracanthus is a species of bagrid catfish found in the Indus River drainage .
Inchoatia megdova is a species of air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae , the door snails .
Sarcoscypha coccinea , commonly known as the scarlet elf cup , scarlet elf cap , or the scarlet cup , is a species of fungus in the family Sarcoscyphaceae of the order Pezizales .
Nassarius miga is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the nssa mud snails or dog whelks .
Cyanea koolauensis ( formerly Rollandia angustifolia ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names Palolo Valley rollandia and narrowleaf rollandia .
Indirana gundia is a species of frog found in the Western Ghats of India .
Macrozamia riedlei , commonly known as zamia or zamia palm , is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family .
Diplodactylus is a genus of geckos of the family Diplodactylidae from Australia .
Hieronymiella is a genus of South American plants in the Amaryllis family , known from only Bolivia and Argentina .
Paratrachichthys is a genus of slimeheads found in the Pacific Ocean .
Iciligorgia schrammi , common names deepwater sea fan and black sea fan is a species of gorgonian sea fan in the family Anthothelidae .
The Ginkgoaceae is a family of gymnosperms which appeared during the Mesozoic Era , of which the only extant representative is Ginkgo biloba , which is for this reason sometimes regarded as a living fossil .
Brassia pumila is a species of epiphytic orchid native to Guyana , Venezuela , French Guiana , Colombia , Peru , and Brazil .
Crataegus flava , summer haw , yellow - fruited thorn is a very rare species of hawthorn that was long known in cultivation in England but apparently is no longer grown .
Pelophila rudis is a species of black coloured ground beetle in Nebriinae subfamily which was described by John Lawrence LeConte in 1863 .
Yikezhaogia is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid from the Early Triassic of Mongolia .
Ossubtus xinguense is a species of serrasalmid and the only species of the genus Ossubtus .
Carabus perrini planus is a subspecies of black - coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in Georgia , Russia , and Ukraine .
Pausinystalia brachythyrsum was a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family .
Delphinium trolliifolium is a species of larkspur known by the common names poison delphinium , cow poison , and Columbian larkspur .
More typically , Cardiodon has been assigned to Cetiosaurus , sometimes as a separate species Cetiosaurus rugulosus , in spite of its priority .
Gagea is a large genus of spring flowers in the lily family .
Vitrinula hahajimana is an extinct species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrialgastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae .
Mabuya sloanii is a species of skink native to the Caribbean , where it is found in the Greater Antilles and in the northernmost Lesser Antilles .
Aldania is a butterfly genus of the Limenitidinae . The genus is confined to the temperate East Palearctic .
Antidesma bunius is a species of fruit tree in the Phyllanthaceae .
Progalesaurus is an extinct genus of non - mammalian therapsid .
Necrolestes patagonensis ( `` Grave Robber '' or `` Thief of the Dead '' ) is an extinct species of non - therian mammal , which lived during the early Miocene in what is now Argentine Patagonia .
Dymascus porosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Dymascus .
Haliotis dringi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Microsorum is a genus of over fifty species of tropical ferns .
The bee subfamily Andreninae is a nearly cosmopolitan lineage , with most of its diversity in one genus , Andrena , which contains over 1500 species .
Saxifraga hyperborea , the Pygmy saxifrage , is a plant species native to Canada , Alaska , Greenland , Russia , Spitsbergen , and from mountainous areas in the western United States .
Potamogeton wrightii , is an aquatic plant species in the genus Potamogeton .
Formosimyrma is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Formosimyrma lanuyensis .
Selysia bidentata is a species of the genus Selysia native to Panama .
Handleyomys rostratus , also known as the long - nosed oryzomys , long - nosed rice rat , or rusty rice rat is a species of rodent in the genus Handleyomys of family Cricetidae .
Duttaphrynus noellerti ( common name : Noellert 's toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Hemipepsis ustulata is a species of tarantula hawk native to the Southwestern United States .
Picrasma excelsa is a species of Picrasma in the family Simaroubaceae .
Perideridia erythrorhiza is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names western yampah and redroot yampah .
Whipplea is a monotypic genus containing the single species Whipplea modesta , which is known by several common names including common whipplea , yerba de selva , and modesty .
Verrucosispora gifhornensis is a member of the actinobacterial familyMicromonosporaceae , being the type species of its genus .
Parmacella tenerifensis is a species of air - breathing land slug , a shell - less terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Parmacellidae .
Allium ebusitanum is a plant species known from the Spanish Island of Ibiza in the Balearic Islands , as well as from Tunisia and Algeria .
Heterorhachis is a genus of South African flowering plants in the daisy family .
Cyathea glauca is a species of tree fern endemic to Réunion .
Belostoma flumineum is a North American species of giant water bug ( family Belostomatidae ) .
Pomadasys is a genus of grunts native to the waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean and through the Indian Ocean to the Pacific coast of the Americas .
Pedobacter nyackensis is a species of Gram - negative , rod - shaped , non - spore - forming eubacterial species .
Clavulicium is a genus of corticioid fungi in the family Stereopsidaceae .
Echinochloa is a very widespread genus of plants in the grass family .
Shelania is an extinct genus of prehistoric frogs that lived in South America during the Eocene .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Peyerimhoffiella elegans .
Mackilligin 's gerbil , Dipodillus mackilligini ( sometimes misspelled mackillingini ) , also known as Mackilligin 's dipodil , is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Tulipa agenensis is a Middle Eastern species of flowering plants in the lily family .
Genianthus is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1883 .
Limacus is considered as a subgenus of the genus Limax .
Chorda filum , commonly known as dead man 's rope or sea lace among other names , is a species of brown algae in the genus Chorda .
Zostera capricorni is a species of eelgrass native to the seacoasts of New Guinea , Queensland , New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia , Norfolk Island and the North Island of New Zealand .
Its only species , Mimomantis milloti , is found in Madagascar .
Paragorgopsis fascipennis is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Paragorgopsis of the family Ulidiidae .
Arthrobacter roseus is a species of red - pigmented psychrophilic bacteria first isolated from a cyanobacterial mat . Its type strain is CMS 90r(T ) (= MTCC 3712 T = DSM 14508 T ) .
Huvenia is a genus of extinct plants of the Early Devonian ( Pragian or Siegenian stage , around 411 to 408 million years ago ) , found in slate deposits of the Rhenish Massif .
Yarrella is a genus of lightfishes .
Suillus helenae is a species of bolete fungus in the genus Suillus .
The Alvinellidae are a family of small , deep - sea polychaete worms endemic to hydrothermal vents in the Pacific Ocean .
Supplanaxis nucleus , common name the black Atlantic planaxis , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Planaxidae .
Ophiogomphus cecilia , the green snaketail or green gomphid is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae .
Clintonia andrewsiana is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Andrews clintonia and red clintonia .
Mitra variabilis , common name : the variable mitre , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae , the miters or miter snails .
Caracolus is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurodontidae .
Penicillium chalybeum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from dried fish in Sri Lanka .
Eleutheromenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogasters , a kind of shell - less , worm - like mollusk .
Drakaea thynniphila , commonly known as narrow - lipped hammer orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south -- west of Western Australia .
Lycaena dorcas is a species of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae , the gossamer - winged butterflies .
Uarbryichthys ( `` Uarbry Fish '' ) is a genus of primitive teleost ray - finned fish from fossil beds near the Talbragar River Bed .
Fraser 's eagle - owl ( Bubo poensis ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
Gynnidomorpha permixtana , the coast conch , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Corydoras paleatus is a species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Callichthyidae .
Rhododendron niveum ( Chinese : 西藏毛脉杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to northeastern India ( including Sikkim ) , Bhutan , and southern Tibet in China , where it grows at altitudes of 2600 - -3500 meters .
Bullia laevissima , common name the fat plough shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
Thuringothyris is an extinct genus of Early Permian eureptiles known from the Thuringian Forest in central Germany .
Deepstaria is a genus of jellyfish known for their thin , sheet - like bodies .
Yolanda 's tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys yolandae ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae .
Juglans jamaicensis ( West Indian walnut , nogal , palo de nuez ) is a species of walnut in the Juglandaceae family .
Sedum oaxacanum is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family .
Sinopieris is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae . The genus occurs in Nepal , Tibet , Yunnan , Gansu , Shaanxi and Sichuan . All six pecies were originally included in Pieris .
Brachysomida atra is the species of the Lepturinae subfamily in longhorn beetle family .
Penstemon rupicola is a species of penstemon known by the common name cliff beardtongue .
Retilla indigens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Retilla .
Agelastica alni , the alder leaf beetle , is a species of leaf beetle ( Chrysomelidae ) in the genus Agelastica .
Mimotriammatus nigrosignatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimotriammatus .
Libellula doris is an extinct species of dragonflies , commonly called skimmers , in the family Libellulidae .
Nitrobacteraceae is a family of Alphaproteobacteria .
Acanthobrama tricolor , or the Damascus bream , is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Panicum amarum is a species of grass known by the common name bitter panicgrass .
Leptaspis is a genus of Paleotropical plants in the grass family , native to Africa , southern Asia , northern Australia , and a few islands of the western Pacific .
Oberea balineae is a species of flat - faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Heller in 1915 .
Microsomatidia reticulata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Microsomatidia .
Heteroconger cobra , sometimes known as the cobra garden eel , is a species of garden eel of the family Congridae , found in the western Central Pacific from Honiara , the Solomon Islands to Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .
Lottia scabra or the rough limpet is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae .
Melica subulata is a species of grass known by the common name Alaska oniongrass .
Amanita nehuta , also called Maori Dust Amanita , is a species of fungus in the Amanitaceae family .
The Chinese broad - headed pond turtle ( Chinemys megalocephala ) is a species of turtle in the Geoemydidae family .
Tagetes pusilla , the lesser marigold , is a Latin American species of marigolds in the sunflower family .
Aplastodiscus leucopygius is a species of frog in the family Hylidae , endemic to Brazil .
Paralissotes reticulatus , also called the New Zealand Reticulate Stag Beetle is a native species of stag beetle from New Zealand .
Stephanomeria paniculata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names tufted wirelettuce and stiff - branched wirelettuce .
Anomiopus idei is a species of true dung beetle that is endemic to Perú , and is only known from its type locality in Loreto Region .
Begonia aequilateralis Irmsch . , 1929 is a species of begonia known only from the Sungai Buloh area of Selangor , Peninsular Malaysia .
Malacothamnus fasciculatus , with the common names chaparral mallow and Mendocino bushmallow , is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family .
Pleurocoronis pluriseta is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name bush arrowleaf .
Allobates bromelicola ( common name : coastal rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Iflaviridae is a family of positive sense RNA viruses insect - infecting viruses .
Gilia salticola is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name salt gilia .
Alburnus schischkovi is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Alburnus , that can be found in Bulgaria in river Veleka , and Turkey in river Rezovska .
The Mygalomorphae or mygalomorphs are an infraorder of spiders .
Ecsenius aroni , known commonly as the Aron 's blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Indian ocean .
Hibiscus moscheutos ( rose mallow , swamp rose - mallow , crimsoneyed rosemallow , eastern rosemallow ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae .
Comarostaphylis diversifolia , known by the common names summer holly and California comarostaphylos , is a species of shrub in the heath family .
Lilium davidii is an Asian species of plants in the lily family , native to mountainous areas of Assam , Manipur , Arunachal Pradesh , Tibet , Bhutan , Hubei , Shaanxi , Sichuan , Guizhou , and Yunnan .
Bufoides is a genus of true toads ; the only known species is the Mawblang toad or Khasi Hills toad , M. meghalayanus .
Giraffa jumae is an extinct species of even - toed mammal in the Giraffidae family .
Ithomia avella is a Neotropical species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family .
Senecio medley - woodii is a species of the genus Senecio and family Asteraceae .
Barbicambarus cornutus is a species of crayfish found only in the Barren River and Green River systems of Tennessee and Kentucky .
Parabybe subfoveolata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parabybe .
Alveolinidae is a family of spheroidal to fusiform milioline foraminfera with multiple apertures and complex interiors in which chambers are subdivided into chamberlets and subfloors interconnected by passageways .
Imbrasia epimethea is a species of moth belonging to the Saturniidae family .
Phyllanthus mirabilis is a plant species of family Phyllanthaceae endemic to Thailand .
Exapion is a genus of straight - snouted weevils .
Melanodexia is a peculiar New World cluster fly genus of the western United States .
Oxyloma patentissima is a species of land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Succineidae , the amber snails .
Cardamine lyrata , known commonly as Japanese cress and Chinese ivy , is a species of aquatic plant in the mustard family .
Tridentiger kuroiwae is a species of goby endemic to Japan where it is found in flowing fresh waters .
Arthragrostis is a genus of Australian plants in the grass family , found only in Queensland .
Kutara is a leafhopper genus belonging to the Selenocephalinae subfamily .
Scapteriscus vicinus , the tawny mole cricket , is a species of insect in the mole cricket family , Gryllotalpidae .
Pletholax gracilis is a species of lizard in the family Pygopodidae , the only species in the genus Pletholax .
Many species previously included in the genus Porphyra has transferred to Pyropia , for example Pyropia tenera and Pyropia yezoensis .
Purana nebulilinea is a cicada species distributed in peninsular Malaysia , Sumatra , Borneo and nearby smaller islands .
Sutilizonidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails , deepwater hydrothermal vent snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
The Antarctic dragonfishes are a family , Bathydraconidae , of deep - sea perciform fishes .
Dilsea carnosa , commonly known as the poor man 's weather glass or the sea belt , is a species of red algae in the Dumontiaceae family of the order Gigartinales .
Nathalie Manfrino is a French `` soprano '' .
Marilyn Tyler is an American operatic soprano , former director of Opera Studies and Emeritus Faculty Member at the University of New Mexico .
Vito Giuseppe Millico , called `` Il Moscovita '' ( 19 January 1737 -- 2 October 1802 ) was an Italian soprano castrato , composer , and music teacher of the 18th century who is best remembered for his performances in the operas of Christoph Willibald Gluck .
Joan Rodgers C.B.E. ( Whitehaven , 1956 ) is an English operatic soprano .
Marthe Chenal ( 1881 -- 28 January 1947 ) was a French operatic soprano who had an active singing career between 1905 and 1923 .
Mohammed El - Bakkar ( Arabic : محمد البكار‎ ; died in Pawtucket , Rhode Island , United States , September 8 , 1959 ) was a Lebanese tenor , oud player , and conductor .
Isabella Lampe ( also Isabella Young ) ( December 1715 , London -- 5 January 1795 , London ) was an English operatic soprano and the wife of composer John Frederick Lampe .
Wojtek Drabowicz ( also Wojciech Drabowicz ) ( 24 March 1966 -- 27 March 2007 ) was a Polish operatic baritone who was a leading performer at the Polish National Opera from 1989 through 2007 .
Lawrence Zazzo ( born December 15 , 1970 in Philadelphia ) is an American countertenor .
Giuseppina Huguet ( 1871 - -1951 ) was a Catalan operatic soprano with a lyrical voice who sang throughout Europe prior to World War I. Huguet was born in 1871 and registered on official documents as `` Josefina '' Huguet .
Kobie van Rensburg ( born on 23 May 1969 in Johannesburg ) is a South African tenor and opera director .
Pia Ravenna ( born Hjördis Sophie Tilgmann ; 25 October 1894 -- 19 October 1964 ) was a celebrated Finnish coloratura soprano who specialized in operatic works and was known as `` the Nightingale of Finland '' .
Yvonne Brothier ( born on 6 June 1889 in Saint - Julien - l'Ars , Vienne , died Paris , 22 January 1967 ) was a soprano operatic singer who worked principally at the Opéra - Comique , Paris .
Marie Sundelius ( 4 February 1882 - 27 June 1958 ) was a Swedish - American classical soprano .
Clara Pierre Impens ( 21 February 1899 -- 16 August 1970 ) was a Belgian soprano who sang under the stage - name Clara Clairbert .
Sally Bradshaw is a British high mezzo soprano who made a career principally as a Baroque specialist in opera and concerts .
Alice Zeppilli ( 28 August 1885 -- 14 September 1969 ) was a French operatic soprano of Italian heritage who had an active international singing career from 1901 to 1930 .
Riki Guy ( Hebrew : ריקי גאי‎ ) ( born c. 1975 ) is an Israeli full - lyric soprano .
Joseph Maas ( 30 January 1847 in Dartford , England -- 16 January 1886 in London ) was an English tenor singer .
Ludmila Vernerová ( born 1962 ) is a Czech operatic soprano and the niece of oboist Pavel Verner .
Sissel Kyrkjebø ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈsɪsəl ˈçʏʁçəˌbʷøː ) , /ˈsisel ˈçyrçeˌbø/ ; born 24 June 1969 ) , also simply known as Sissel , is a Norwegian soprano .
James Reed Miller ( February 29 , 1880 -- December 29 , 1923 ) , who recorded as Reed Miller and as James Reed , was an American tenor who had an active career as a concert and oratorio singer during the first quarter of the 20th century .
Lois Hunt ( November 26 , 1924 -- July 26 , 2009 ) was an American lyric soprano who had spent some of her earlier career performing at New York City 's Metropolitan Opera and later spent four decades performing and recording classical music and musical theater numbers nationwide together with baritone Earl Wrightson .
Giangiacomo Guelfi ( 21 December 1924 -- 8 February 2012 ) was an operatic baritone , particularly associated with Verdi and Puccini .
Clare Shore ( born 1954 ) is an American composer , music educator mezzo - soprano , and conductor .
Valeriano Pellegrini ( c. 1663 -- 18 January 1746 ) was an Italian soprano castrato singer of the 18th century .
Eleanor Greenwood is a mezzo soprano and graduate of the Royal Academy of Music in London .
Zinka Milanov ( Croatian pronunciation : ( zîːŋka milǎnɔv̞ ) ) ( May 17 , 1906 -- May 30 , 1989 ) was a Croatian - born operatic spinto soprano who had a major career centred on the New York Metropolitan Opera .
Louise Grandjean ( 1870 - -1934 ) was a French operatic soprano who was particularly admired for her portrayals of Wagner and Verdi heroines .
Bernard Ładysz ( born 24 July 1922 , Wilno , then Poland ) is a Polish opera singer ( bass - baritone ) and actor .
Nino Martini ( 7 August 1902 , Verona , Italy -- 9 December 1976 , Verona , Italy ) was an Italian operatic tenor and actor .
Emilio De Marchi ( Italian pronunciation : ( eˈmiljo deˈmarki ) ; January 6 , 1861 -- March 20 , 1917 ) was an Italian operatic tenor .
John van Kesteren ( born May 4 , 1921 , The Hague - died July 11 , 2008 , Jupiter , Florida ) was a Dutch operatic tenor .
Pier Miranda Ferraro ( October 30 , 1924 -- January 18 , 2008 ) was an Italian operatic tenor who had an active international opera career from 1951 through 1981 .
Ruby Elzy ( February 20 , 1908 -- June 26 , 1943 ) , was a pioneer American operatic soprano .
Jamie Barton ( born 1980/1981 ( age 34 - -35 ) ) is an American operatic mezzo - soprano .
John Fiorito ( born 4 September 1936 in New York ) is a baritone opera singer .
Muriel Foster ( 22 November 1877 -- 23 December 1937 ) was an English contralto , excelling in oratorio .
Gary Griffiths ( born 22 April 1983 ) is a Welsh baritone from the village of Pembrey , near Llanelli , Wales .
Karl Ridderbusch ( 29 May 1932 -- 21 June 1997 ) was a German operatic bass , associated in particular with the music of Wagner .
