constellation	The M101 Group is a loose group of galaxies located in Ursa Major.	M101 Group	Ursa Major
languages spoken or written	Horst Janssen (14 November 1929 -- 31 August 1995) was a German draftsman, printmaker, poster artist and illustrator.	Horst Janssen	German
languages spoken or written	Juan Manuel Eguiagaray (born 1945) is a Spanish economist, academic, businessman and retired politician.	Juan Manuel Eguiagaray	Spanish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krępnica (krɛmpˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Krępnica	Gmina Bolesławiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorasanak Station (Persian: ايستگاه خراسانك‎ -- Īstgāh-e Khorāsānak) is a village and railway station in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khorasanak Station	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Rokitnica (ˈnɔva rɔkitˈnit͡sa) (German: Neurocken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nowa Rokitnica	Gmina Świedziebnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trübsee is a mountain lake in the municipality of Wolfenschiessen in the Swiss canton of Nidwalden.	Trübsee	Nidwalden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilttoyees Inlet is an inlet in the North Coast region of the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Gilttoyees Inlet	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maharlu Kohneh (Persian: مهارلوكهنه‎, also Romanized as Mahārlū Kohneh) is a village in Maharlu Rural District, Kuhenjan District, Sarvestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Maharlu Kohneh	Maharlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pott Row is an expanding village near King's Lynn, Norfolk.	Pott Row	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Academy in Berlin is located in the Hans Arnhold Center in a villa on the shores of the Wannsee, a lake within the identically-named district in the southwestern part of Berlin.	American Academy in Berlin	Wannsee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seneghe (Sardinian: Sèneghe) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Oristano.	Seneghe	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santiago Maravatío is a Mexican city (and municipality) located in the Bajío (lowlands) of the state of Guanajuato.	Santiago Maravatío	Guanajuato
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rutgers School of Dental Medicine (formerly New Jersey Dental School) is the dental school of Rutgers University.	Rutgers School of Dental Medicine	New Jersey
named after	Haute-Corse (French pronunciation: ​(ot.kɔʁs); Corsican: Corsica suprana) (English: Upper Corsica) is a department of France consisting of the northern part of the island of Corsica.	Haute-Corse	Corsica
narrative location	The Lariat is a 1927 short novel by the poet and anthropologist Jaime de Angulo, set in Spanish California.	The Lariat	California
participant of	Adriana Samuel Ramos (born April 12, 1966 in Resende, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian volleyball player, who won the silver medal in the inaugural women's beach volleyball tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics, partnering Mônica Rodrigues.	Adriana Samuel	1996 Summer Olympics
publication date	Tale of the Navajos is a 1949 American documentary film written by Harry Chandlee and John A. Haeseler.	Tale of the Navajos	1949
publisher	In August 1997, shortly before the game's release, The Logic Factory announced they had split with Broderbund and would publish The Tone Rebellion under Virgin Interactive.	The Tone Rebellion	Virgin Interactive
sex or gender	Lenka Maňhalová (born October 28, 1974 in Liberec) is a retired female breaststroke and medley swimmer from the Czech Republic, who twice competed for her native country at the Olympic Games: in 1992 and 1996.	Lenka Maňhalová	female
