Dirt Music by Tim Winton is a Booker prize shortlisted novel from 2001 and winner of the 2002 Miles Franklin Award .
Meri Jeevan Yatra ( मेरी जीवन यात्रा ) aka My Journey Through Life is the Autobiography of Great Social reformer , Scholar , Polyglot Mahapandit Rahul Sankrityayan , first published in 1944 .
`` Blue Melody '' is a short story by J. D. Salinger , first published in the September 1948 issue of Cosmopolitan .
Earth 's Children is a series of speculative alternative historical fiction novels written by Jean M. Auel set circa 30,000 years before present .
Categories for the Working Mathematician is a textbook in category theory written by American mathematician Saunders Mac Lane , who cofounded the subject together with Samuel Eilenberg .
Kalvan Kingmaker is an English language science fiction novel by John F. Carr , the third book in the Kalvan series and the sequel to Great Kings ' War .
Afloat and Ashore is a nautical fiction novel by James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1844 .
Alien Legion is a science - fiction comic - book series and associated titles created by Carl Potts , Alan Zelenetz , and Frank Cirocco for Marvel Comics 's Epic Comics imprint in 1983 .
Njanji Soenji ( Republican Spelling : Njanji Sunji ; Perfected Spelling : Nyanyi Sunyi ; Indonesian for `` Songs of Solitude '' or `` Songs of Silence '' ) is a 1937 poetry collection by Amir Hamzah .
Ballad of the Desert ( also known as Damo Yao , or `` 大漠谣 '' ) is a two - volume Chinese Han Dynasty romance novel written by author Tong Hua .
Great Contemporaries is a collection of 25 short biographical essays about famous people , written by Winston Churchill .
Piercing the Darkness , which was published in 1988 , is a sequel to Frank E. Peretti 's novel This Present Darkness .
A Political Romance is a 1759 novel by Laurence Sterne , author of Tristram Shandy .
The Ghost Writer ( 1979 ) is the first novel by Philip Roth to be narrated by Nathan Zuckerman , one of Roth 's putative fictional alter egos , and constitutes the first book in his Zuckerman Bound trilogy .
Darwin 's Children is a science fiction novel by Greg Bear published in 2003 .
The Analytical Language of John Wilkins ( Spanish : El idioma analitico de John Wilkins ) is a short essay by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges originally published in Otras Inquisiciones ( 1937 - -1952 ) .
High Rhulain is a children 's fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 2005 .
The Silent Cry ( Japanese 万延元年のフットボール ; Man'en Gannen no Futtoboru , literally ' Football in the First Year of Man'en ' ) is a novel by Japanese author Kenzaburō Ōe , first published in Japanese in 1967 and awarded the Tanizaki Prize that year .
Cannibals and Kings ( 1977 , ISBN 0 - 394 - 40765 - 2 ) is a book written by anthropologist Marvin Harris .
Mother of Demons is a science - fiction novel by American author Eric Flint .
The Lhammas is a work of fictional sociolinguistics by J. R. R. Tolkien .
Sports , Sin and Subversion is the new book from Belizean author Evan X Hyde , published in July 2008 .
Reality Sandwiches is a book of poetry by Allen Ginsberg published by City Lights Publishers in 1963 .
The Finders is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton which was first published in 1993 and is the only one of his children 's books not related to the Beaver Towers series .
The Question of Lay Analysis ( German : Die Frage der Laienanalyse ) is a 1926 book by Sigmund Freud advocating the right of non - doctors , or ' lay ' people , to be psychoanalysts .
The Art of Dreaming is a book written by anthropologist Carlos Castaneda and published in 1993 .
World Brain is a collection of essays and addresses by the English science fiction pioneer , social reformer , evolutionary biologist and historian H. G. Wells , dating from the period of 1936 - -38 .
Poem Strip ( Italian : Poema a fumetti ) is a 1969 comic book by the Italian writer and illustrator Dino Buzzati .
Knot of Stone : the day that changed South Africa 's history is a 2011 historical murder mystery written by South African / Dutch author Nicolaas Vergunst .
List of the Lost is a novel written by Morrissey , released on 24 September 2015 .
Graveminder is a 2011 Gothic mystery novel by Melissa Marr .
The Crooked Hinge is a mystery novel ( 1938 ) by detective novelist John Dickson Carr .
The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen is a story written by the English author J. R. R. Tolkien .
Asterix and the Missing Scroll ( French : Le Papyrus de César , `` Caesar 's Papyrus '' ) is the 36th book in the Asterix series , written by Jean - Yves Ferri and illustrated by Didier Conrad .
Things Not Seen is a first - person novel written by Andrew Clements and his third novel after Frindle and The Landry News .
Time of the Great Freeze is a science fiction novel by American author Robert Silverberg , first published by Holt , Rinehart and Winston in 1964 .
New Statesmen was a `` political superhero series '' featured in British comic Crisis , created by John Smith and Jim Baikie , which lasted for fourteen episodes from 1988 to 1989 .
Would n't Take Nothing for My Journey Now , published in 1993 , is African - American writer and poet Maya Angelou 's first book of essays .
`` Work , Death , and Sickness '' , sometimes also translated as `` The Right Way '' , is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy written in 1903 .
The Underworld USA Trilogy is the collective name given to three novels by American crime author James Ellroy :
A Spaniard in the Works is a book from 1965 by John Lennon .
Power Evangelism is a book by Christian charismatic leader John Wimber .
The Accidental Pervert is a universally themed play written and performed by Andrew Goffman and directed by Charles Messina .
On the Twentieth Century is a musical with book and lyrics by Betty Comden and Adolph Green and music by Cy Coleman .
Mauprat is a novel by the French novelist George Sand about love and education .
Die Feen ( German : ( diː feːn ) , The Fairies ) is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner .
Pro Cluentio is a speech by the Roman orator Cicero given in defense of a man named Aulus Cluentius Habitus Minor .
We Are All Made of Glue is English novelist Marina Lewycka 's third novel , published in 2009 .
Battle Hymn of China , by Agnes Smedley .
The Mouse with the Question Mark Tail is a 2013 children 's novel written by Richard Peck and illustrated Kelly Murphy .
The Walls of Delhi is a novel written by Indian writer , Uday Prakash .
Sherlock Holmes and the Man from Hell is a 1997 Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Barrie Roberts .
Facial Justice is a dystopian novel by L. P. Hartley , published in 1960 .
Fatal Cure is a medical thriller written by Robin Cook .
Crawling Sky is a graphic novel adapted from a short story by Joe R. Lansdale by his son Keith Lansdale .
The Horror from the Hills is a horror novel by author Frank Belknap Long .
Light a Penny Candle ( 1982 ) is Maeve Binchy 's first novel , which follows two girls growing up during and in the aftermath of World War II .
Nylon Angel is a postcyberpunk novel by science fiction author Marianne de Pierres
Between the Acts is the final novel by Virginia Woolf , published in 1941 shortly after her death .
The Curious Sofa is a classic 1961 book by Edward Gorey , published under the pen name `` Ogdred Weary '' ( an anagram ) .
`` Arms of Mary '' is a 1976 hit single by the Sutherland Brothers and Quiver ; group member Iain Sutherland wrote this mid - tempo ballad whose singer reminisces about the girl with whom he had his first intimate encounter .
The Codex Trivulzianus is a manuscript by Leonardo da Vinci that originally contained 62 sheets , but today only 55 remain .
The Life of Samuel Johnson , LL.D. ( 1791 ) is a biography of Dr. Samuel Johnson written by James Boswell .
The Kestrel ( 1982 ) is a fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander , the second of three books often called the Westmark trilogy .
For One More Day is a 2006 philosophical novel by Mitch Albom .
Pig Earth is the first novel by John Berger in the Into Their Labours trilogy .
An Oxford University Chest is a book about the University of Oxford , written by the poet Sir John Betjeman and first published by John Miles in London in 1938 .
The Sovereignty of Good is a book of moral philosophy by Iris Murdoch .
American Dream , Global Nightmare is a book by Ziauddin Sardar and Merryl Wyn Davies ( Icon Books , 2004 ) .
The Reluctant Widow is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer which describes the story of the heroine Elinor Rochdale who has her life turned upside down when she enters the wrong carriage on her way to be a governess to sustain herself .
Politics as a Vocation ( Politik als Beruf ) is an essay by German economist and sociologist Max Weber ( 1864 - -1920 ) .
All About Lulu ( published 2008 ) is a coming - of - age novel by American author Jonathan Evison .
Maigret and the Yellow Dog ( French : Le Chien jaune ) is a detective novel by the Belgian writer Georges Simenon .
Charley 's Aunt is a farce in three acts written by Brandon Thomas .
The Stress of Her Regard is a 1989 horror / fantasy novel by Tim Powers .
A Gladiator Dies Only Once is a collection of short stories by American author Steven Saylor , first published by St. Martin 's Press in 2005 .
Hound - Dog Man is a 1959 film directed by Don Siegel , based on the 1947 novel by Fred Gipson .
The Jewel of St Petersburg is a 2010 prequel to The Russian Concubine and The Concubine 's Secret by Kate Furnivall .
Krigaren ( lit . The Warrior ) is a 2001 novel by Swedish writer Björn Ranelid .
The City of Fading Light is a 1985 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about a Hollywood actress who tries to rescue her Jewish mother from 1939 Berlin .
Noite na Taverna ( in English : A Night in the Tavern ) is a short story collection written by Brazilian Ultra - Romantic author Álvares de Azevedo under the pen name Job Stern .
Banana Fish is a classic shōjo manga by Akimi Yoshida which ran from 1985 to 1994 and spawned several mini - spin - offs :
The Book of Ahania is one of the English poet William Blake 's prophetic books .
Exile 's Gate is a 1988 science fantasy novel written by C. J. Cherryh .
The Inner Reaches of Outer Space is a 1986 book by mythologist Joseph Campbell , the last book completed before his death in 1987 .
Name It and Frame It ? is a 1993 book , written by Steve Levicoff , about unaccredited Christian colleges and universities , exploring the accreditation process and the nature of legitimate and illegitimate unaccredited institutions of higher learning .
Automatic Kafka is a nine - issue comic book limited series written by Joe Casey with art by Ashley Wood .
Fablehaven ( pronounced /ˌfeɪbəlˈheɪvən/ ) is The New York Times ' best - selling children 's literature fantasy series written by Brandon Mull .
The Art of Unix Programming by Eric S. Raymond is a book about the history and culture of Unix programming from its earliest days in 1969 to 2003 when it was published , covering both genetic derivations such as BSD and conceptual ones such as Linux .
The Reluctant Journal of Henry K. Larsen is a young adult novel by Canadian author Susin Nielsen , first published in 2012 .
Some Gorgeous Accident ( 1967 ) was James Kennaway 's fifth novel and the last to be published during his lifetime .
Doctor Sax ( Doctor Sax : Faust Part Three ) is a novel by Jack Kerouac published in 1959 .
They Fly at Çiron is a 1993 science fiction novel by Samuel R. Delany , wholly rewritten and expanded from a novelette written in the 1960s .
Amongst Women is a novel by the Irish writer John McGahern ( 1934 - -2006 ) .
A Behanding in Spokane is a 2010 black comedy by award - winning Irish playwright Martin McDonagh .
The Wizard in the Woods is a 1990 children 's fantasy book by Jean Ure and the first book of The Wizard trilogy .
The Ferguson Rifle ( 1971 ) is a novel set in early 19th - century America , written by Louis L'Amour .
Very Tricky , Alfie Atkins ( Swedish : Aja baja , Alfons Åberg ) is a 1973 children 's book by Gunilla Bergström .
A Sunday at the Pool in Kigali ( original French title : Un dimanche à la piscine à Kigali ) is the first novel by Montreal author Gil Courtemanche , originally published in 2000 .
The American Scene is a book of travel writing by Henry James about his trip through the United States in 1904 - 1905 .
The Philosopher 's Pupil is a 1983 novel by the British writer and philosopher Iris Murdoch .
Hunger und Seide is a book of essays ( or , `` mixed prose '' ) by Nobel Prize - winning author Herta Müller .
The Making of the English Landscape is a 1955 book by the English local historian William George Hoskins .
The Silver Donkey is a young - adult fiction book written by Sonya Hartnett , set during World War I. The book traces the journey of an English soldier who deserts the war and comes across two young girls in the French countryside , Marcelle and Coco .
The Symphony of Ages is a series of fantasy -- romance books by Elizabeth Haydon .
Kalau Ta ' Oentoeng ( Perfected Spelling : Kalau Tak Untung , meaning If Fortune Does Not Favour ) is a 1933 novel written by Sariamin Ismail under the pseudonym Selasih .
The Fire - Eaters is an award winning children 's novel by David Almond , published in 2003 .
The Best and the Brightest ( 1972 ) is an account by journalist David Halberstam of the origins of the Vietnam War published by Random House .
La Sainte Courtisane ( pronounced : ( la sɛ̃t kuʁ.ti.zan ) , French for `` The Holy Courtesan '' ) is an unfinished play by Oscar Wilde written in 1894 .
Archer 's Goon is a 1984 fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones both for the young adult and adult markets .
The Snowfall Trilogy is a series of three fantasy novels written by Mitchell Smith .
The Train Has Reached Amritsar ( Hindi original : Amritsar Aa Gaya Hai ) is a short story by Hindi author and playwright , Bhisham Sahni set during the Partition of India .
On the Malice of Herodotus or On the Malignity of Herodotus ( Greek : Περὶ τῆς Ἡροδότου κακοηθείας ) is an essay by Plutarch criticizing the historian Herodotus for all manner of prejudice and misrepresentation in Histories .
The Oak and the Calf , subtitled Sketches of Literary Life in the Soviet Union , is a memoir by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn about his attempts to publish work in his own country .
The Benevolent Frog or The Frog and the Lion Fairy is a French literary fairy tale , written by Madame d'Aulnoy .
Propeller Island ( French : L'Île à hélice ) ( also published as The Floating Island , or The Pearl of the Pacific ) is a science fiction novel by French author Jules Verne ( 1828 - -1905 ) .
`` Markheim '' is a short story by Robert Louis Stevenson , originally prepared for the Pall Mall Gazette in 1884 , but published in 1885 in The Broken Shaft :
The Miser 's Daughter is a novel by William Harrison Ainsworth serially published in 1842 .
The Six Messiahs is a 1995 novel by Mark Frost , a sequel to The List of Seven .
Byzantium Endures ( 1981 ) is a novel by Michael Moorcock .
The Goblin Gate ( 2010 ) is a young adult fantasy novel by Hilari Bell , a sequel to her novel The Goblin Wood .
`` The Forgotten Enemy '' is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke that appeared in the science fiction magazine New Worlds , in August 1949 .
`` Go On Girl '' is a song written by Ne - Yo , Tor Erik Hermansen , Mikkel S. Eriksen , Espen Lind and Amund Bjørklund , for Ne - Yo 's second studio album Because of You .
Life on the Lagoons , which deals with the history and topography of the watery area around the city of Venice , is the first book by the Scottish historian Horatio Brown .
Wilhelm Meister 's Apprenticeship ( German : Wilhelm Meisters Lehrjahre ) is the second novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , published in 1795 - -96 .
`` The Thing on the Doorstep '' is a short story written by H. P. Lovecraft , part of the Cthulhu Mythos universe of horror fiction .
Treachery in Death by Nora Roberts writing as J.D. Robb is the thirty - second book in the In Death series .
The Persian Boy is a 1972 historical novel written by Mary Renault and narrated by Bagoas , a young Persian from an aristocratic family who is captured by his father 's enemies , castrated , and sold as a slave to the king Darius III , who makes him his favorite .
`` Tlön , Uqbar , Orbis Tertius '' is a short story by the 20th century Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges .
The Skriker is a 1994 play by Caryl Churchill that tells the story of an ancient fairy who , during the course of the play , transforms into a plethora of objects and people as it pursues Lily and Josie , two teenage mothers whom it befriends , manipulates , seduces and entraps .
A Warning to the Curious and Other Ghost Stories is the title of M. R. James ' fourth and final collection of ghost stories , published in 1925 .
Fromont jeune et Risler aîné ( 1874 ; English : Fromont Junior and Risler Senior or Fromont and Risler or Sidonie ) is a novel by French author Alphonse Daudet .
Prayers for Rain is a crime novel written by Dennis Lehane , published in 1999 .
Elizabeth and Her German Garden is a novel by Elizabeth von Arnim , first published in 1898 ; it was very popular and frequently reprinted during the early years of the 20th century .
The Zookeeper 's Wife is a non - fiction book written by the poet and naturalist Diane Ackerman .
The Green Odyssey is an American science fiction novel written by Philip José Farmer .
The Spanish Gardener is a 1950 novel by A. J. Cronin which tells the story of an American consul , Harrington Brande , who is posted to San Jorge on the Costa Brava , Spain with his young son Nicholas .
LoveMusik is a musical written by Alfred Uhry , using a selection of music by Kurt Weill .
Relief of Fevers ( Armenian : Ջերմանց Մխիտարություն , Jermants Mkhitarutiun ) is an encyclopedic study written by medieval Armenian physician Mkhitar Heratsi in 1184 , which has survived in full to our days .
The Governess , or The Little Female Academy ( published 1749 ) by Sarah Fielding is the first full - length novel written for children , and a significant work of 18th - century children 's literature .
The Key to Theosophy is an 1889 book by Helena Blavatsky , expounding the principles of theosophy in a readable question - and - answer manner .
The School for Wives ( French : L'école des femmes ; pronounced : ( lekɔl de fam ) ) is a theatrical comedy written by the seventeenth century French playwright Molière and considered by some critics to be one of his finest achievements .
The Solar Electricity Handbook is a yearbook written by eco - technology author Michael Boxwell .
Thirteen Moons is an historical novel published in October 2006 by American author Charles Frazier , his second book after the award - winning Cold Mountain .
Empire Star is a 1966 science fiction novella by Samuel R. Delany .
Professor Shonku is a fictional scientist created by Satyajit Ray in a series of Bengali science fiction books .
The Worms of Kukumlima is a humorous book written by Daniel Pinkwater for all ages and first published in 1981 .
Jar of Fools is a once - weekly comic strip by Jason Lutes that was compiled , first into a two - part anthology , and then a graphic novel .
Again to Carthage is a novel by American author John L. Parker Jr. initially published April 1 , 2008 .
L'Europe buissonnière is a 1949 novel by the French writer Antoine Blondin .
Death Is a Lonely Business is a mystery novel by Ray Bradbury published in 1985 .
Watch Your Mouth is a novel by American writer Daniel Handler .
Incarceron ( 2007 ) is a young - adult fantasy and science fiction novel written by Catherine Fisher that was first released on May 3 , 2007 .
The Swan Book is the third novel by the Indigenous Australian author Alexis Wright .
`` Pigeons from Hell '' is a short story by Robert E. Howard written in late 1934 and published posthumously by Weird Tales in 1938 .
Byzantium after Byzantium ( Bizanţ după Bizanţ in Romanian ; Byzance après Byzance in French ) is a 1935 book by the Romanian historian Nicolae Iorga , which gave its name to a national cultural movement .
The Living Reed is an historical novel by Pearl S. Buck in which life in Korea , from the latter part of the nineteenth century to the end of the Second World War , is described through the viewpoints and lives of several members of four generations of a prominent aristocratic family .
The Merchant and the Alchemist 's Gate is a fantasy novelette by Ted Chiang originally published in 2007 by Subterranean Press and reprinted in the September 2007 issue of Fantasy & Science Fiction .
The Banishment of Cicero is a 1761 tragedy play by the British writer Richard Cumberland .
True Monster Stories , written by Terry Deary , is the first of the non - fiction True Stories Series of books .
The book La sonrisa etrusca ( `` The Etruscan Smile '' ) originally written in Spanish was written by the Spanish economist and writer José Luis Sampedro in 1985 .
Imperial Earth is a science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke , and published in time for the U.S. bicentennial in 1976 by Ballantine Books .
Vita Karoli Magni ( Life of Charles the Great ) is a biography of Charlemagne , King of the Franks and Holy Roman Emperor , written by Einhard .
A Singular Man is a 1963 novel by J. P. Donleavy .
The Book of Predictions was a book published in 1980 and written by David Wallechinsky , Amy Wallace , and Irving Wallace , the authors of The Book of Lists .
The Coming of Conan is a collection of eight fantasy short stories by American writer Robert E. Howard , featuring his sword and sorcery heroes Kull and Conan the Barbarian , together with the first part of his pseudo - history of the `` Hyborian Age '' in which the Conan tales were set .
Peter Schlemihl is the title character of an 1814 novella , Peter Schlemihls wundersame Geschichte ( Peter Schlemihl 's Miraculous Story ) , written in German by exiled French aristocrat Adelbert von Chamisso .
The Souls of Black Folk is a classic work of American literature by W. E. B. Du Bois .
Centesimus annus ( Latin for `` hundredth year '' ) is an encyclical which was written by Pope John Paul II in 1991 on the hundredth anniversary of Rerum novarum , an encyclical issued by Pope Leo XIII in 1891 .
The Voyage to Icaria ( Voyage en Icarie ) is a novel written by Étienne Cabet published in 1840 .
Un roi sans divertissement ( `` a king without distraction '' ) is a 1947 novel by the French writer Jean Giono .
The Tale of Peter Rabbit is a British children 's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter that follows mischievous and disobedient young Peter Rabbit as he is chased about the garden of Mr. McGregor .
Thunder and Lightnings is a realistic children 's novel by Jan Mark , published in 1976 by Kestrel Books of Harmondsworth , London , with illustrations by Jim Russell .
The Apocolocyntosis ( divi ) Claudii , literally The Gourdification of ( the Divine ) Claudius , is a political satire on the Roman emperor Claudius , probably written by Seneca the Younger .
Footfall is a 1985 science fiction novel written by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle .
The Old English Baron is an early Gothic novel by the English author Clara Reeve .
The Warlock in Spite of Himself is a science fantasy novel by American author Christopher Stasheff , published in 1969 .
The Castle in the Forest is the last novel by writer Norman Mailer , published in the year of his death , 2007 .
A Kingdom of Dreams is a 1989 New York Times Bestselling historical romance novel written by American author Judith McNaught .
Antony and Cleopatra is a tragedy by William Shakespeare .
The Lucifer Principle book by Howard Bloom , sees social groups , not individuals , as the primary `` unit of selection , '' on genes and human psychological development .
Faith of My Fathers is a 1999 bestselling non - fiction book by United States Senator John McCain with Mark Salter .
Arabian Nights and Days ( 1979 ) is a novel by Egyptian writer Naguib Mahfouz , winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Danger on Midnight River is the sixth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen .
Peter Pan ; or , the Boy Who Would n't Grow Up or Peter and Wendy is J. M. Barrie 's most famous work , in the form of a 1904 play and a 1911 novel .
La inocencia castigada ( English : Innocence Punished ) is a Spanish language novel by María de Zayas y Sotomayor , from the collection Desengaños amorosos ( English : Amorous Disenchantments ) .
The Unsex'd Females , a Poem ( 1798 ) , by Richard Polwhele , is a polemical intervention into the public debates over the role of women at the end of the 18th century .
The Restless Supermarket is a novel by Croatian - South African author Ivan Vladislavic , which tracks the changes in Hillbrow , Johannesburg , during the 1990s , through the eyes of a grumpy , retired proof - reader who spends his life in one café .
The Honor of the Queen is David Weber 's second Honor Harrington novel .
Blue Nights is a memoir written by Joan Didion first published in 2011 .
Trusted Like the Fox is a 1948 thriller novel written by British author James Hadley Chase .
`` Scanners Live in Vain '' is a science fiction short story by Cordwainer Smith ( pen name of Paul Linebarger ) , set in his Instrumentality of Mankind future history .
The Spinal Cord Perception is the first novel by Joshua S. Porter , better known by his stage name Josh Dies , the singer / songwriter for the band Showbread .
Two Riders of the Storm ( French : Deux cavaliers de l'orage ) is a 1965 novel by the French writer Jean Giono .
Men of Maize ( Spanish : Hombres de maíz ) is a 1949 novel by Guatemalan Nobel Prize in Literature winner Miguel Ángel Asturias .
The Partly Cloudy Patriot is a book published in 2002 , and is a collection of essays about American history and the author 's own reflections on such issues , by Sarah Vowell , a contributing editor for the WBEZ / Public Radio International program This American Life .
From Atlantis to the Sphinx is a work of non - fiction by British author , Colin Wilson , with the subheading Recovering the Lost Wisdom of the Ancient World .
The Twyborn Affair is a novel by Australian Nobel laureate Patrick White , first published in 1979 .
An Englishman Looks at the World is a 1914 essay collection by H. G. Wells containing journalistic pieces written between 1909 and 1914 .
`` The Frog Prince ; or , Iron Henry '' ( German : Der Froschkönig oder der eiserne Heinrich , literally `` The Frog King ; or , The Iron Heinrich '' ) is a fairy tale , best known through the Brothers Grimm 's written version ; traditionally it is the first story in their collection .
Russian Beauty is a novel written by Russian author Victor Erofeyev .
The Golovlyov Family ( Gospoda Golovlyovy , Господа Головлёвы ) is a novel by Mikhail Saltykov - Shchedrin , written in the course of five years , first published in 1880 by Alexey Suvorin 's publishing house , and generally regarded as the author 's magnum opus .
Philosophy in the Tragic Age of the Greeks ( German : Philosophie i m tragischen Zeitalter der Griechen ) is an incomplete book by Friedrich Nietzsche .
All the Myriad Ways is a collection of 14 short stories and essays by science fiction author Larry Niven , originally published in 1971 .
The Trickster of Liberty is a 1988 novel by Gerald Vizenor that acts as a prequel to his earlier novels Bearheart :
The Sea Dragon Heir is a fantasy novel written by Storm Constantine first published in 2001 .
The Omen Machine is Terry Goodkind 's 12th novel , and the first in a new series about Richard and Kahlan .
When She Woke is the second novel by American author Hillary Jordan , published in October 2011 .
Rich Like Us is a historical and political fiction novel by Nayantara Sahgal .
The Great Wheel is Robert Lawson 's final children 's book , published in 1957 , the year of his death .
The Green and the Gray is a 2004 novel by Timothy Zahn , author of numerous works , including the Star Wars expanded universe trilogy Heir to the Empire .
The Faithful Spy is a novel by New York Times reporter Alex Berenson .
The Half - Made World is a 2010 steampunk fantasy novel by Felix Gilman .
Schleicher 's fable ( avis akvāsas ka ) is an artificial text composed in the reconstructed language Proto - Indo - European ( PIE ) published by August Schleicher in 1868 .
A Good Hanging and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by crime writer Ian Rankin .
Les Fiançailles de M. Hire ( Monsieur Hire 's Engagement ) is the title of a short novel by Belgian writer Georges Simenon .
Final Diagnosis is a 1997 science fiction novel by author James White and is part of the Sector General series .
Engleby is a novel by the author Sebastian Faulks .
Christ in Concrete is a 1939 novel by Pietro di Donato about Italian - American construction workers .
The Last Parable is a 1953 novel by Alec Coppel about the life and times of a judge .
`` The Grain '' , sometimes also translated as A Grain as Big as a Hen 's Egg , is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy written in 1886 .
The Secret of Terror Castle is an American juvenile detective novel written by Robert Arthur , Jr ..
The Naval War of 1812 is Theodore Roosevelt 's first book , published in 1882 .
Knowing God is a book by the British - born Canadian Christian theologian J. I. Packer , and is his best - known work , having sold over 1,000,000 copies in North America alone .
The Labyrinth Key is a science fiction novel by Howard V. Hendrix first published in 2004 .
Eighty Years of Book Cover Design is a 2009 book by Joseph Connolly published by Faber and Faber .
May Pagsinta'y Walang Puso ( Heartless Love ) was a 1921 Tagalog - language novel written by renowned Filipino poet , journalist , and novelist Iñigo Ed . Regalado .
Sons of Mississippi is a book by Paul Hendrickson about sheriffs in Mississippi .
Beggarman , Thief is a 1977 novel written by Irwin Shaw .
The Mind of the Maker ( 1941 ) is a Christian theological book , written by Dorothy L. Sayers ( who was better known for her crime and mystery novels and other fiction , particularly for the character Lord Peter Wimsey ) .
Common Lisp the Language is an influential reference book by Guy L. Steele about Common Lisp .
Chorus Skating ( 1994 ) is a fantasy novel written by Alan Dean Foster .
The Valley of Kashmir ( 1895 ) is a travel book by the English writer Sir Walter Roper Lawrence .
Right Where It Hurts is a 2001 children 's book written by New Zealand author David Hill .
The Kingkiller Chronicle is a fantasy trilogy by Patrick Rothfuss , telling the autobiography of Kvothe , an adventurer and famous musician .
The Beautiful Boy ( or just The Boy ) is a book , ISBN 0 - 8478 - 2586 - 8 , by Germaine Greer , published in 2003 .
The Chrysalids ( United States title : Re - Birth ) is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham , first published in 1955 by Michael Joseph .
Doktor Sleepless is a monthly comic book series written by Warren Ellis with art by Ivan Rodriguez that is published by Avatar Press , launched in July 2007 .
Beyond the Blue Event Horizon is a science fiction novel by the American writer Frederik Pohl , a sequel to his 1977 novel Gateway and the second book in the Heechee series .
Master of Heavenly Beauty ( Slovene : Mojster nebeške lepote ) is a novel by Slovenian author Ivan Sivec .
The Toff on the Farm is a 1958 mystery novel by John Creasey featuring his character the Honourable Richard Rollison , aka ' The Toff ' .
The Sarantine Mosaic is a historical fantasy duology by Guy Gavriel Kay , comprising Sailing to Sarantium and Lord of Emperors .
So Disdained is the second published novel by British author , Nevil Shute ( N.S. Norway ) .
England , Their England ( 1933 ) is an affectionately satirical comic novel of 1920s English urban and rural society by the Scottish writer A. G. Macdonell .
The Door into Summer is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein , originally serialized in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction ( October , November , December 1956 , with covers and interior illustrations by Frank Kelly Freas ) and published in hardcover in 1957 .
Borderliners is the English translation of De måske egnede , a novel written by Danish author Peter Høeg in 1993 .
Eight Fantasms and Magics is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Jack Vance .
Matthew Flinders ' Cat is a 2002 novel by Bryce Courtenay ( ISBN 0670910619 ) .
Friends , Lovers , Chocolate is the second of the Sunday Philosophy Club series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith , set in Edinburgh , Scotland , and featuring the protagonist Isabel Dalhousie .
Lanfeust of Troy is a long - running French language comic series written by Christophe Arleston , drawn by Didier Tarquin , and published by Soleil Productions .
Wondrous Strange a teen fantasy novel and the first book by author Lesley Livingston .
Thirteen Reasons Why ( stylized as TH1RTEEN R3ASONS WHY ) is a 2007 young - adult fiction novel written by Jay Asher .
Les Filles du feu ( English : The Daughters of Fire ) is a collection of short prose works , poetry , and a play published by the French poet Gérard de Nerval in January 1854 , a year before his death .
To Make My Bread is a novel written by Grace Lumpkin about the Loray Mill Strike .
Dead Air is a Scottish novel by Iain Banks , published in 2002 .
An Béal Bocht ( Irish : The Poor Mouth ) is a 1941 novel in Irish by Brian O'Nolan ( Flann O'Brien ) , published under the pseudonym `` Myles na gCopaleen '' .
Eight Hundred Leagues on the Amazon ( French : La Jangada - Huit Cents lieues sur l'Amazone ) is a novel by Jules Verne , published in 1881 .
Summer Sisters ( ISBN 0 - 385 - 32405 - 7 ) is a 1998 novel by Judy Blume .
Penrod is a collection of comic sketches by Booth Tarkington that was first published in 1914 .
Pupu Tupuna is a series of Finnish children 's books by the Finnish author Pirkko Koskimies .
The Cry of the Owl is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith , the eighth of her 22 novels .
Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy is a young adult historical novel by Gary D. Schmidt , published by Clarion Books in 2004 .
Jubilate Agno ( Latin : `` Rejoice in the Lamb '' ) is a religious poem by Christopher Smart , and was written between 1759 and 1763 , during Smart 's confinement for insanity in St. Luke 's Hospital , Bethnal Green , London .
The Waves , first published in 1931 , is Virginia Woolf 's most experimental novel .
The Understory is the debut novel by American author Pamela Erens published in 2007 by Ironweed Press , and republished in 2014 by Tin House books following the success of her second novel , The Virgins .
David Golder is writer Irène Némirovsky 's first novel .
Zathura is an illustrated children 's book by the American author Chris Van Allsburg as well as the title of a 2005 film based on the book .
The Critique of Pure Reason ( German : Kritik der reinen Vernunft , KrV , in original : Critik der reinen Vernunft ) by Immanuel Kant , first published in 1781 , second edition 1787 , is one of the most influential works in the history of philosophy .
I Capture the Castle is the first novel by the British author Dodie Smith , written during the Second World War when she and her husband Alec Beesley ( also British and a conscientious objector ) were living in California .
Death and the King 's Horseman is a play by Wole Soyinka based on a real incident that took place in Nigeria during British colonial rule : the horseman of an important chief was prevented from committing ritual suicide by the colonial authorities .
Switch Bitch is a 1974 short story collection for adults by Roald Dahl .
Air Apparent is the thirty - first book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony , which was first mentioned in the `` Author 's Note '' in Currant Events .
Life of Pi is a Canadian fantasy adventure novel by Yann Martel published in 2001 .
The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue is the first novel by the American writer Lester Goran .
No . 6 is a nine - volume novel series written by Atsuko Asano and published by Kodansha between October 2003 and June 2011 .
Cosmic Banditos is a 1986 novel by Allan Weisbecker , originally published by Vintage Books and reprinted in 2001 by NAL Trade Paperbacks .
Alas , Babylon is a 1959 novel by American writer Pat Frank ( the pen name of Harry Hart Frank ) , with cover art for the Bantam paperback by Robert Hunt .
Richter 10 is a 1996 novel by Arthur C. Clarke and Mike McQuay .
`` The Dead Past '' is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov , first published in the April 1956 issue of Astounding Science Fiction .
Buy Me Blue Ribbons was a 1951 play by Australian writer Sumner Locke Elliott .
To Visit the Queen ( 1998 ) ( titled On Her Majesty 's Wizardly Service in the UK edition ) is a fantasy steampunk novel by Diane Duane .
The Wire that Fenced the West is a book written by Henry D. and Frances T. McCallum and published in 1965 by the University of Oklahoma Press .
Where Have All the Leaders Gone ? is a New York Times bestseller book by Lee Iacocca , the former CEO of Chrysler .
The Ready - Made Family is the seventh in the series of children 's novels about the Marlow family by Antonia Forest , first published in 1967 , and set in that period .
Encyclopedia of the Central Intelligence Agency is a 2003 book by W. Thomas Smith , Jr. It is an encyclopedic work on the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , the only independent agency of the United States federal government that is tasked with intelligence - gathering .
The Godfather Papers and Other Confessions is a collective autobiography written by Mario Puzo , on his journey through writing The Godfather .
The Midwich Cuckoos is a science fiction novel written by English author John Wyndham , published during 1957 .
Angst ( novel ) ( Russian : Страх ) is a 2001 `` erotic mysticism novel with a detective plot '' by Oleg Postnov --a work that transgresses the genres , and yet the critics discern a panoply of literary and philosophical influences in the novel .
A Ghost in the Machine is a work of detective fiction by Caroline Graham , the seventh in her popular Chief Inspector Barnaby series , which has been adapted into the equally successful ITV drama Midsomer Murders .
The Trouble with Islam Today , original title The Trouble with Islam is a 2004 book critical of Islam written by Irshad Manji , styled in an open - letter addressed to concerned citizens worldwide - Muslim or not .
Poison Study is a 2005 fantasy novel written by Maria V. Snyder and the first book in the Study series .
The Miseducation of Cameron Post is a coming - of - age teen novel by Emily M. Danforth published in 2012 .
Jewels from the Moon and The Meteor That Could n't Stay is a 1964 children 's science fiction book written by Eleanor Cameron and illustrated by Vic Dowd .
Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim is a 2004 collection of 22 autobiographical essays by American humorist David Sedaris .
The Tea Party Goes to Washington is a book by United States Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky .
Galileo 's Dream ( 2009 ) is a science fiction novel with elements of historical fiction written by author Kim Stanley Robinson .
Mathilukal ( Malayalam : മതിലുകൾ , meaning Walls ) is a Malayalam novel written by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer in 1965 .
Hour Game is a crime fiction novel written by American writer David Baldacci .
`` An Outpost of Progress '' is a short story written in July 1897 by Joseph Conrad , drawing on his own experience at Congo .
The Wolves of Midwinter is a 2013 novel written by gothic fiction novelist Anne Rice and is the second book in her series The Wolf Gift Chronicles .
Across the Pathways of Space ( Par les Chemins de l'Espace ) is a collection of short stories in the French comic book ( or bande dessinée ) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean - Claude Mézières .
Science , Liberty and Peace is an essay written by Aldous Huxley , published in 1946 .
Finn and Hengest is a study by J. R. R. Tolkien , edited by Alan Bliss and published posthumously in book form in 1982 .
`` The Machine Stops '' is a science fiction short story ( 12,300 words ) by E. M. Forster .
Four for Tomorrow is the first story collection by Roger Zelazny , published in paperback by Ace Books in 1967 .
`` Wintertime Wager '' is a 10-page funny animal comic book story written , drawn , and lettered by Carl Barks .
The Jamieson - Fausset - Brown Bible Commentary refers to a biblical commentary entitled a Commentary Critical and Explanatory on the Whole Bible , prepared by Robert Jamieson , Andrew Robert Fausset and David Brown and published in 1871 ; and derived works from this initial publication , in differing numbers of volumes and abridgements .
Benny Shaw is the protagonist of two children 's literature novels by Irish author Eoin Colfer .
Bite Club is a Vertigo comic book mini series created by writers Howard Chaykin and David Tischman .
The Burning Room is the 27th novel by American crime author Michael Connelly , and the seventeenth novel featuring Los Angeles Police Department detective Harry Bosch .
The Fair Jilt : or , the Amours of Prince Tarquin and Miranda is a short story by Aphra Behn published in 1688 .
Quicken Forbidden was a comicbook title published by Cryptic Press , and created by writer Dave Roman and artist John Green .
Cur Deus Homo ? ( Latin for `` Why was God a Man ? '' ) , usually translated Why God Became a Man , is a book written by St Anselm of Canterbury in which he proposed the satisfaction view of the atonement .
Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister is a novel by Gregory Maguire , retelling the tale of Cinderella through the eyes of one of her `` ugly stepsisters '' .
The Devil 's Tune is a novel by the Conservative Party politician Iain Duncan Smith , published in November 2003 .
`` A Forest Hymn '' is an 1824 poem written by William Cullen Bryant , which has been called one of Bryant 's best poems , and `` one of the best nature poems of that age '' .
Storm Thief is a 2006 dystopian science - fiction novel written by Chris Wooding and published by Scholastic Books .
A Contract with God and Other Tenement Stories is a graphic novel by American cartoonist Will Eisner published in 1978 .
Hyenas : a Hap and Leonard Novella is a novella written by American author Joe R. Lansdale .
Nebula Winners Twelve is a 1978 anthology of short stories edited by Gordon R. Dickson .
Billions of Entrepreneurs is a book by Harvard Business School professor , Tarun Khanna .
The 33 Strategies of War by Robert Greene is a `` guide to the subtle social game of everyday life informed by the ... military principles in war . ''
Ich und Du , usually translated as I and Thou , is a book by Martin Buber , published in 1923 , and first translated from German to English in 1937 .
Flare Path is a play by Terence Rattigan , written in 1941 and first staged in 1942 .
The Adventures of Leucippe and Clitophon ( in Greek τὰ κατὰ Λευκίππην καὶ Kλειτoφῶντα ) , written by Achilles Tatius , is one of the five surviving Ancient Greek romances , notable for its many similarities to Longus ' Daphnis and Chloe , and its apparent mild parodic nature .
The Smell of Apples is a 1993 debut novel by South African Mark Behr , also published in the same year in Afrikaans as Die Reuk van Appels .
Der Sand aus den Urnen ( in English , The Sand from the Urns ) , is a German - language poetry collection by Paul Celan , published in Vienna in 1948 .
A Treatise on Crimes and Misdemeanours or Russell on Crime is a book originally written by William Oldnall Russell .
Progression of Animals ( or On the Gait of Animals ; Greek : Περὶ πορείας ζῴων ; Latin : De incessu animalium ) is a text by Aristotle on the details of gait and movement in various species of animals .
Planet of the Damned is a 1962 Hugo Award nominated novel by the American science fiction writer Harry Harrison .
The Word for World Is Forest is a Hugo Award - winning science fiction novella by Ursula K. Le Guin , first published in 1972 in the anthology Again , Dangerous Visions and published as a separate book in 1976 .
Infinity Blues is a book of free verse poetry by singer - songwriter Ryan Adams , published by Akashic Books .
The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke is a verse novel by Australian novelist and poet C. J. Dennis .
The Ghost Belonged to Me is a novel written for children by Richard Peck , author of Newbery Medal winning A Year Down Yonder .
Out of the Everywhere is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov .
Spanish Testament is a 1937 book by Arthur Koestler , describing his experiences during the Spanish Civil War .
Return from the Stars ( Polish : Powrót z gwiazd ) is a science fiction novel by Polish author Stanisław Lem .
Betsey Brown is an African - American literature novel by Ntozake Shange , published in 1985 .
Colour Me English is a 2011 collection of essays by Caryl Phillips .
Lair of the Lion is a paranormal / romance written by American author Christine Feehan .
Juegos de lectura en voz alta is an Argentine teacher 's book by Luis Pescetti .
Dark Side of the Morgue is the second of a series of original mystery / thrillers by former James Bond author Raymond Benson .
Amazons II is an anthology of fantasy stories , edited by Jessica Amanda Salmonson , with a cover by Michael Whelan .
The Adventures of Slim and Howdy is a 2008 novel by Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn ( superstar duo Brooks & Dunn ) and novelist Bill Fitzhugh .
My Brief History is a memoir published in 2013 by the English physicist Stephen Hawking .
`` Do not go gentle into that good night '' is a poem in the form of a villanelle , and the most famous work of Welsh poet Dylan Thomas ( 1914 - -1953 ) .
The Long Revolution , by Raymond Williams , 1961 .
The Shaggy Man of Oz ( 1949 ) is the thirty - eighth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors , and the second and last by Jack Snow .
Swordbird is a children 's fantasy novel written by Nancy Yi Fan .
The Plague Dogs is the third novel by Richard Adams , author of Watership Down , about two dogs who escape an animal testing facility and are subsequently pursued by both the government and the media .
Fantomerna ( lit . The Phantoms ) is the third novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren .
Aag Ka Darya ( River of Fire ) is a novel written by Qurratulain Hyder in the context of an Indian subcontinent partition .
The Oath is the English title of Le serment de Kolvillag , a novel by Elie Wiesel .
Old Rose and Silver is a novel by Myrtle Reed first published in 1909 .
All That Is Solid Melts into Air is an academic text written by Marshall Berman between 1971 and 1981 , and published in New York in 1982 .
The London Spy by Ned Ward ( 1660/67 - June 20 , 1731 ) was a periodical about London life , later published as a book .
Geschichte des osmanischen Reiches is a work by Austrian orientalist Joseph von Hammer - Purgstall .
The Grantville Gazettes are anthologies of short stories set in the 1632 universe introduced in Eric Flint 's novel 1632 .
The Suicide Shop ( French : Le Magasin des suicides ) is a 2006 black comedy novel by the French writer Jean Teulé .
How It Is is a novel by Samuel Beckett first published in French as Comment c'est by Les Editions de Minuit in 1961 .
Music on the Bamboo Radio is a novel written by Martin Booth that was first published in 1997 .
The Betrayal of the American Right is a book by Murray Rothbard written in the early 1970s and published by the Ludwig von Mises Institute in 2007 .
`` A Defence of Poetry '' is an essay by the English poet Percy Bysshe Shelley , written in 1821 and first published posthumously in 1840 in Essays , Letters from Abroad , Translations and Fragments by Edward Moxon in London .
My Glorious Brothers is a historical novel by the Jewish American novelist Howard Fast , depicting the 167 BC Maccabeean revolt against the Greek - Seleucid Empire .
Pig Heart Boy is a children 's novel by Malorie Blackman which was first published in 1997 .
Mysooru Mallige ( 1942 ) is a literary work of Kannada poet , K. S. Narasimhaswamy .
Reclaiming the Dead Sea Scrolls is a book was written by Lawrence Schiffman , published in 1994 by Doubleday , as part of the Anchor Research Library .
The Electric Kool - Aid Acid Test is a nonfiction book by Tom Wolfe that was published in 1968 .
Coots in the North is the name given by Arthur Ransome 's biographer , Hugh Brogan , to an incomplete Swallows and Amazons novel found in Ransome 's papers .
The Public and its Problems is a 1927 book by American philosopher John Dewey .
The Whispered Secret , previously published as Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret is a fantasy novel by Obert Skye that traces the journeys of Leven , a seemingly ordinary boy from Burnt Culvert , Oklahoma , and Winter Frore , a neglected girl , as they seek to bring Geth back to his former state .
The Carrie Diaries is a young - adult novel , the first in a series of the same name by American author Candace Bushnell .
The Werewolf of Paris ( 1933 ) is a horror novel as well as a work of historical fiction by Guy Endore .
Back When We Were Grownups is a 2001 novel written by Anne Tyler in memory of her husband , who died in 1997 .
The Book of Fixed Stars ( Arabic : كتاب صور الكواكب‎ kitab suwar al - kawakib ) is an astronomical text written by Abd al - Rahman al - Sufi ( Azophi ) around 964 .
If I Stay is a young adult novel by Gayle Forman published in 2009 .
The Curious Savage , written by John Patrick , is a comedic play about Ethel P. Savage , an elderly woman whose husband recently died and left her approximately ten million dollars .
Where the Rivers Flow North is a novel written in 1978 by Howard Frank Mosher .
Roma Sub Rosa is the title of the series of historical mystery novels by Steven Saylor set in ancient Rome and populated by noteworthy denizens thereof .
What the Buddha Taught , by Dr Walpola Rahula , has been regarded as an important introductory book on Buddhism .
Twenties Girl is a 2009 book by Sophie Kinsella ( pen name of Madeline Wickham ) .
The Circus of Dr. Lao and Other Improbable Stories was an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Ray Bradbury and published in 1956 .
The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman , published in the United States as The War of Dreams , is a 1972 novel by Angela Carter .
A Death in the Family is an autobiographical novel by author James Agee , set in Knoxville , Tennessee .
You Bright and Risen Angels is a 1987 novel by William T. Vollmann , detailing a fictional war between insects and the forces of modern civilization .
Jackdaws is a World War II spy thriller written by British novelist Ken Follett .
`` Redemption Cairn '' is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum that first appeared in the March 1936 issue of Astounding Stories .
Rokovnjači ( The Bandits)is a novel by Slovenian author Josip Jurčič .
The Botticelli Secret is a 2010 historical - mystery - detective novel written by Marina Fiorato in the vein of code adventures such as The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown .
Sacerdotalis caelibatus ( Latin for `` Of priestly celibacy '' ) is an encyclical written by Pope Paul VI .
Puckoon is a comic novel by Spike Milligan , first published in 1963 .
Mayyazhippuzhayude Theerangalil ( On the Banks of the River Mayyazhi ) is a Malayalam language novel by M. Mukundan .
Rodinsky 's Room ( ISBN 1862072574 ) is a non - fiction book by the British authors Rachel Lichtenstein and Iain Sinclair , first published by Granta Books in 1999 .
`` Distant Replay '' is a magic realism / slipstream short story published in 2007 by Mike Resnick .
Uphill Climb is a 1987 short story written by Canadian Science Fiction Author Robert J. Sawyer .
Andha Yug ( Hindi : अंधा युग , The Age of Blindness or The Blind Age ) is a 1954 verse play written in Hindi , by renowned novelist , poet , and playwright Dharamvir Bharati ( 1926 - 1997 ) .
Nemodlenec ( Czech for `` not praying man '' ) is a Czech novel , written by Karolina Světlá .
Peter and the Starcatcher is a play based on the 2006 novel of a similar name by Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson , adapted for the stage by Rick Elice .
Religio Medici ( The Religion of a Doctor ) by Sir Thomas Browne is a spiritual testament and an early psychological self - portrait .
The Last Hero is a short novel , the twenty - seventh of the Discworld series by Terry Pratchett .
How to Lie with Statistics is a book written by Darrell Huff in 1954 presenting an introduction to statistics for the general reader .
Drew Hayes Poison Elves # 1 ( March 2013 ) picks up almost precisely at the cliffhanger point where Drew ( Hayes ) left it at the end of issue # 79 from Sirius ..
Even the Stars Look Lonesome ( 1997 ) is African - American writer and poet Maya Angelou 's second book of essays , published during the long period between her fifth and sixth autobiographies , All God 's Children Need Traveling Shoes ( 1986 ) and A Song Flung Up to Heaven ( 2002 ) .
The Werewolf of Ponkert is a collection of two horror short stories by H. Warner Munn .
Murder on Mars is a juvenile science fiction novel , the sixteenth in Hugh Walters ' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series .
Roma Eterna is a 2003 novel by Robert Silverberg which presents an alternative history in which the Roman Empire survives to the present day .
The Interpretation of Dreams ( German : Die Traumdeutung ) is a book by psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud .
The Seven Sisters was written by Ed Greenwood , and published by TSR , Inc. as a 128-page book .
Fear Nothing is a novel released in 1998 by the best - selling author Dean Koontz .
The Century for Young People is a non - fiction history book written by Peter Jennings and Todd Brewster .
On Aggression ( German : Das sogenannte Böse zur Naturgeschichte der Aggression ) is a 1963 book by the ethologist Konrad Lorenz ; it was translated into English in 1966 .
The Armageddon Rag is a mystery - fantasy novel by American bestselling author George R. R. Martin , first co - published in 1983 in hardcover by both Poseidon Press and The Nemo Press .
Der Neinsager ( ' He Said No ' ) - like its companion piece Der Jasager ( ' He Said Yes ' ) - is a Lehrstück by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht .
A esmorga is a novel by Galician writer Eduardo Blanco Amor from 1959 .
GraceLand is a 2004 novel by Chris Abani , which tells the story of a teenager named Elvis , who is trying to get out of the ghettos of Lagos , Nigeria .
Grave Descend is a novel written by Michael Crichton under the pseudonym John Lange .
Blue Labyrinth is a thriller novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child .
Luckypenny is a 1937 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall .
The Alienist is a crime novel by Caleb Carr first published in 1994 .
The Crazy Man is a Canadian children 's story written by Pamela Porter in 2005 .
The Real Right Thing is a short story written by Henry James and published in 1899 .
Die Dame i m Chinchilla ( published in 1961 ) is a detective fiction novel written by Frank Arnau .
Days of Blood and Starlight is a young - adult fantasy novel written by Laini Taylor .
Portrait of a Spy is the 2011 Daniel Silva 's spy novel .
Winter Kills is a black comic novel by Richard Condon exploring the assassination of a U.S. President .
Reign in Hell is a 2008 - 2009 comic book limited series written by Keith Giffen , pencilled by Thomas Derenick , inked by Bill Sienkiewicz , and published by DC Comics .
The Big Fellow is a 1937 biography of the famed Irish leader , Michael Collins , by Frank O'Connor .
Het Gulden Cabinet vande Edel Vry Schilder - Const or The Golden Cabinet of the Noble Liberal Art of Painting is a book by the 17th - century Flemish notary and rederijker Cornelis de Bie published in Antwerp .
Looking for Jake is a collection of science fiction , horror and fantasy stories by British author China Miéville .
The Rush for Second Place is a posthumous collection of essays by William Gaddis .
The Encyclopedia of the Dead ( Serbo - Croatian : Enciklopedija mrtvih ) is a collection of nine stories by Yugoslav author Danilo Kiš .
Stargonauts is a science - fiction - comedy novel written by David S. Garnett and released in 1994 .
Shadowmarch is the first novel in the Shadowmarch tetralogy , by Tad Williams .
Summer and the City is a young - adult novel written by Candace Bushnell .
Does Anyone Ever Listen ? is a young adult novel by Rosie Rushton , first published with this title in 2006 by Piccadilly Press .
The Pigman 's Legacy is a young adult novel written by Paul Zindel , first published in 1980 .
Introduction to Algorithms is a book by Thomas H. Cormen , Charles E. Leiserson , Ronald L. Rivest , and Clifford Stein .
The Society of Mind is both the title of a 1986 book and the name of a theory of natural intelligence as written and developed by Marvin Minsky .
Dear Mr. Henshaw is a juvenile epistolary novel by Beverly Cleary which was awarded the Newbery Medal in 1984 .
The Great Automatic Grammatizator ( published in the U.S. as The Umbrella Man and Other Stories ) is a collection of thirteen short stories written by British author Roald Dahl .
George Washington 's Socks is a 1991 children 's novel by Elvira Woodruff .
A Gift from Nessus is a novel by the Scottish writer William McIlvanney published in 1968 and republished in 2014 .
Gai - Jin ( Japanese , `` Foreigner '' ) is a 1993 novel by James Clavell , chronologically the third book in his Asian Saga , although it was the last to be published .
Aimed for a more sophisticated audience than typical light superhero adventures , The Daredevils featured Captain Britain stories by Alan Moore and Alan Davis , as well as new Night Raven text stories , and reprints of Frank Miller 's Daredevil stories .
Bridge of Birds is a fantasy novel by Barry Hughart , first published in 1984 .
The Daleth Effect , also known as In Our Hands , the Stars , is a science fiction novel written by Harry Harrison and published in 1970 .
Mathias Sandorf was an 1885 adventure book by French writer Jules Verne .
Snow Wolf is an espionage novel by Glenn Meade .
Death in Cyprus ( published in 1956 ) is an M. M. Kaye mystery novel .
Bearers of the Black Staff is a fantasy novel by Terry Brooks released on August 24 , 2010 as the first of a two - part series called the Legends of Shannara .
Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation is an 1844 work of speculative natural history and philosophy by Robert Chambers .
Spy High is an English book series by A. J. Butcher about a high school for secret agents in training .
Swell Foop is the twenty - fifth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony .
Sons of Gruumsh was published in September 2005 , and was written by Christopher Perkins , with cover art by Todd Lockwood and interior art by Mike Dubisch .
Five Science Fiction Novels is a 1952 anthology of five science fiction novellas edited by Martin Greenberg .
Wonders of the Invisible World was a book published in 1693 by Cotton Mather , defending Mather 's role in the witchhunt conducted in Salem , Massachusetts , and espousing the belief that witchcraft was an evil magical power .
The Showgirl Princess is a children 's book written by Kylie Minogue .
The Cruise of the Breadwinner is a novella by the British author H. E. Bates .
Danny Dunn and the Universal Glue is the fifteenth and final novel in the Danny Dunn series of juvenile science fiction / adventure books written by Raymond Abrashkin and Jay Williams .
The Convent of Hell ( original Spanish title : El convento infernal ) is an erotic graphic novel written by Ricardo Barreiro and drawn by Ignacio Noé .
Censorship in Afghanistan is a book by Hazara poet and journalist Kamran Mir Hazar .
The Brothers K is a 1992 novel by David James Duncan an author , fisherman and environmental advocate from the Pacific Northwest .
Aye , and Gomorrah , and other stories is a collection of stories by American writer Samuel R. Delany , published by Vintage Books in 2003 .
When Darkness Comes is Robert Swindells 's first book .
Drums for Rancas ( Spanish : Redoble por Rancas ) is a 1977 novel by Peruvian author Manuel Scorza that that represent the historical struggles of the inhabitants of the Department of Cerro de Pasco as they fight to recuperate control and ownership of their communal lands from the Peruvian government and multinational mining interests .
God 's Little Acre is a 1933 novel by Erskine Caldwell about a dysfunctional farming family in Georgia obsessed with sex and wealth .
The Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World is a book by Richard Howard and Alick Moore which presents a list of the bird species of the world .
Conversations with God ( CwG ) is a sequence of books written by Neale Donald Walsch .
Brewster 's Millions is a novel written by George Barr McCutcheon in 1902 , originally under the pseudonym of Richard Greaves .
Windhaven is a science - fiction and fantasy novel co - written by novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin , but mainly by novelist Lisa Tuttle .
Starman Jones is a 1953 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein about a farm boy who wants to go to the stars .
Sedmikostelí is a Czech novel , written by Miloš Urban .
The Chelsea Murders ( known in the USA as Murder Games ) is a thriller by Lionel Davidson .
Quiet as a Nun is a thriller novel , written by Antonia Fraser .
Bring Larks and Heroes is a 1967 novel by Australian author Thomas Keneally which won the Miles Franklin Award in 1967 .
The Heritage of Shannara is a series of four fantasy novels by Terry Brooks , set hundreds of years after the original Shannara trilogy .
The Moons of Jupiter is a book of short stories by Alice Munro , published by Macmillan of Canada in 1982 .
The Negro is a book by W. E. B. Du Bois published in 1915 and released in electronic form by Project Gutenberg in 2011 .
Poor Richard 's Almanack ( sometimes Almanac ) was a yearly almanac published by Benjamin Franklin , who adopted the pseudonym of `` Poor Richard '' or `` Richard Saunders '' for this purpose .
Wonderful Ethiopians of the Ancient Cushite Empire is a book by Drusilla Dunjee Houston published in 1926 .
Five Go Adventuring Again ( published in 1943 ) is the second book in the Famous Five series by the British author , Enid Blyton .
A Son of the Circus ( 1994 ) is John Irving 's eighth published novel .
Hayom Yom ( Hebrew : היום יום‎ , `` Today is day ... '' ) is a calendar for the Hebrew year of 5703 ( 1942 - 3 ) , compiled by Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson at the behest of his father - in - law , Rabbi Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn , in the winter of 1942 .
La Thébaïde , or The Thebaid , is a tragedy in five acts ( with respectively 6 , 4 , 6 , 3 and 6 scenes ) in verse by Jean Racine first presented , without much success , on June 20 , 1664 at the Palais - Royal in Paris .
Scratch My Back is the eighth studio album ( and fifteenth album overall ) by the English musician Peter Gabriel , his first in eight years .
`` Valley of Dreams '' is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum originally published in the November 1934 issue of Wonder Stories .
It Ca n't Happen Here is a semi - satirical 1935 political novel by American author Sinclair Lewis .
Williswinde is a collection of verses written by Louis Couperus .
Right as Rain is a 2001 crime novel by George Pelecanos .
Clan Apis is an award - winning graphic novel created by then Assistant Professor ( now Full Professor ) of Biology at Juniata College , Jay Hosler .
Thérèse Raquin ( teʁɛz ʁakɛ̃ ) is a novel ( first published in 1867 ) and a play ( first performed in 1873 ) by the French writer Émile Zola .
`` Up in the Gallery '' ( `` Auf der Galerie '' ) is a short piece of fiction written by Franz Kafka .
Sonnet 141 is the informal name given to the 141st of William Shakespeare 's 154 sonnets .
Hell Island is a horror / adventure novella written in conjunction with the Australian Books Alive promotion , by thriller writer Matthew Reilly .
Paul Brown won an Edgar Award for Best Episode in a TV Series for writing `` Good Night , Dear Heart '' .
In 1990 , Leonard Bernstein received the Praemium Imperiale , an international prize awarded by the Japan Arts Association for lifetime achievement in the arts .
Ernest George Horlock VC ( also known as Ernest George Harlock ) ( 24 October 1885 -- 30 December 1917 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
`` The Collected Poems of Frank O'Hara edited by Donald Allen ( Knopf , 1971 ) , the first of several posthumous collections , shared the 1972 National Book Award for Poetry .
Hans Becker ( 15 November 1911 -- 20 August 1944 ) was a Sturmbannführer ( Storm Unit Leader / Major ) in the Waffen - SS who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , on 23 March 1943 while commanding the 2nd Company , of the 2nd SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment , LSSAH .
Arsen Yegiazarian ( Armenian : Արսեն Եղիազարյան , born June 18 , 1970 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster ( 2000 ) and FIDE Senior Trainer ( 2011 ) .
Moritz Karl Ernst von Prittwitz ( 9 February 1795 at Gut Kreisewitz in Alzenau , Lower Silesia -- 21 October 1885 in Berlin ) Royal Prussian Lieutenant - General of Infantry , supervised the building of the large fortress in Ulm , admitted to the Order of St. John as a Knight of Honor .
R. Jeffrey Smith is a reporter at the Washington Post and was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting in 2006 .
Algimantas Butnorius ( born 20 November 1946 ) is a Lithuanian chess Grandmaster and a former World Senior Champion .
Katarzyna Toma ( born 16 September 1985 ) is a Poland chess Woman Grandmaster ( 2012 ) and FIDE Trainer ( 2014 ) .
Frederick Hobson VC ( 23 September 1873 -- 18 August 1917 ) was a soldier in the Canadian Expeditionary Force , and recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest military award for gallantry in the face of the enemy given to British and Commonwealth forces , during the First World War .
Hans Gollnick ( 22 May 1892 -- 15 February 1970 ) was a German general during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
John Niel Randle VC ( 22 December 1917 -- 6 May 1944 ) was a recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Candelario Garcia , Jr. ( February 26 , 1944 -- January 10 , 2013 ) was a United States Army veteran of the Vietnam War , and a recipient of the Medal of Honor .
In 1962 Edmund Collein received the National Prize of East Germany .
Peter Sarnak was awarded the Polya Prize of Society of Industrial & Applied Mathematics in 1998 , the Ostrowski Prize in 2001 , the Levi L. Conant Prize in 2003 , the Frank Nelson Cole Prize in Number Theory in 2005 and a Lester R. Ford Award in 2012 .
They had the son Haaken C. Mathiesen , Jr. Christian Pierre Mathiesen was decorated as a Knight , First Class of the Order of St. Olav and Commander , First Class of the Order of the Dannebrog .
Artashes Minasian ( sometimes transliterated as Minasyan ; Armenian : Արտաշես Մինասյան ; born 21 January 1967 ) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster .
Ilona Keserü Ilona , IKI ( born Ilona Keserü , 29 November 1933 ) is a Hungarian painter , professor emerita , Kossuth Prize winner .
Kadi Abakarovich Abakarov ( Russian : Кади Абакарович Абакаров ) ( 9 May 1913 -- 29 February 1948 ) was an Avar Red Army sergeant who fought during World War II . Abakarov was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union for actions in the Battle of the Seelow Heights .
George W. Mundy ( 1905 - 2000 ) was an American lieutenant general and Legion of Merit recipient .
In 2012 Gunilla Bergström was awarded Illis Quorum by the Swedish Government .
Catherine Hermary - Vieille is a French writer , and winner of the Prix Femina , 1981 , for Le Grand Vizir de la nuit .
Lieutenant General Sir James Hills - Johnes VC GCB ( added Johnes after his marriage ) ( 20 August 1833 -- 3 January 1919 ) was a Welsh recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Michael Magner VC ( 21 June 1840 -- 6 February 1897 ) was born in County Fermanagh , Ireland and was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Alexander Kovchan ( Ukrainian : Олександр Анатолійович Ковчан , Oleksandr Anatoliyovych Kovchan ; born 21 October 1983 in Chernihiv ) is a Ukrainian chess Grandmaster ( 2002 ) .
Camila Andrade Mora ( born c. 1991 ) is a Chilean actress , TV Host and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss World Chile 2013 .
Frida Vogels ( born 9 January 1930 in Soest ) is a Dutch writer , known especially for her partly autobiographical trilogy De harde kern ( `` The hard core '' ) , the second part of which was awarded the inaugural Libris Prize in 1994 .
Sopiko Khukhashvili ( born 4 January 1985 ) is a Georgian chess player who holds the titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster .
Mladen Palac ( born 18 February 1971 , Donji Mamići , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Croatian chess Grandmaster ( 1993 ) and FIDE Trainer ( 2005 ) .
15 May 2005 Yad Vashem recognized Hermine Riss as Righteous Among the Nations .
Aivars Gipslis ( February 8 , 1937 -- April 13 , 2000 ) was a Latvian chess FIDE Grandmaster and also an ICCF Grandmaster , and a chess writer .
Restaurant Nathan Outlaw is a two Michelin star restaurant owned and operated by Nathan Outlaw .
Jeroen Piket ( born 27 January 1969 in Leiden , The Netherlands ) is a retired Dutch chess player who earned the Grandmaster title in 1989 .
Michael Kerry was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1976 and a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the New Year Honours of 1983 .
Psychohistorical Crisis was the 2002 winner of the Prometheus Award .
Giam Choo Kwee ( born 1942 ) is a Singapore chess International Master and International Arbiter ( 1983 ) .
Claude Faraggi ( May 28 , 1942 -- December 14 , 1991 ) was a French writer best known for his 1975 novel , Le Maître d'heure , which won the Prix Femina .
In 2000 , Keri Pickett 's Lambda Literary Award - winning book Faeries , published by Aperture Books with a forward by James Broughton , records the life and personality of gay men who self - identify as Radical Faeries and gather every summer off - the - grid in a celebration of identity .
Stuart Conquest ( born 1 March 1967 in Ilford , England ) is an English chess Grandmaster , commentator and tournament director .
Brent Woods ( 1855 -- March 31 , 1906 ) was an African American Buffalo Soldier in the United States Army and a recipient of America 's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in the Indian Wars of the western United States .
Mary Oliver ( born September 10 , 1935 ) is an American poet who has won the National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize .
Lin He received the prestigious MacArthur Fellowship in 2009 .
In 1996 Bill Bright was awarded the $ 1.1 million Templeton Prize for Progress in Religion , and donated the money to promote the spiritual benefits of fasting and prayer .
August Maus ( 7 February 1915 -- 28 September 1996 ) was a German U - boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
In December 1989 , B'Tselem shared the Carter - Menil Human Rights Prize with the Palestinian group , Al - Haq .
Joseph A. Farinholt ( July 17 , 1922 - June 11 , 2002 ) is thought to be the only enlisted man in the history of the U.S. military to receive four awards of the Silver Star , the United States third highest decoration for valor in combat .
Military Cross ( MC ) 2nd Lt . Cecil Roy Richards , R.F.C. , Spec . Res . For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty when on offensive patrols in attacking and shooting down hostile machines .
Jean - Louis Étienne was named Officer of the Legion of Honour , after being named Chevalier .
Leopoldo García - Colín Scherer ( born on 27 November 1930 in Mexico City , died 8 October 2012 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican scientist specialized in Thermodynamics and Statistical Mechanics who received the National Prize for Arts and Sciences in 1988 .
Husain was the recipient of the 2005 Sahitya Akademi Award in Urdu for his memoirs Ret per Khema . Well known Hindi and Urdu writer Jabir Husain was born on 05 June1945 .
Albert Joseph Smith ( July 31 , 1898 - -March 27 , 1973 ) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in 1921 when he rescued a United States Navy sailor from a burning seaplane .
Otto Vincent Lange was proclaimed Knight of the Order of St. Olav 1847 , promoted to Commander in 1857 , and in 1863 was awarded the Grand Cross in 1863 .
In 2000 , Apocalypse Now was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress , for films deemed `` culturally , historically or aesthetically significant '' .
Nelly Aginian ( Armenian : Նելլի Աղինյան ; born August 4 , 1981 ) is an Armenian chess Woman Grandmaster ( 2005 ) .
Black Sabbath were inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005 and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006 .
In February 1989 Flairck received the Gouden Harp ( Golden Harp ) , The Netherlands ' highest music award .
Andrew Fitzgibbon VC ( 13 May 1845 -- 7 March 1883 ) was an Irish soldier , and possibly the youngest recipient of the Victoria Cross .
Lisa A. Barnett ( 1958 -- May 2 , 2006 ) was an American Lambda Literary Award winning science fiction writer .
Emlyn Williams was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in 1962 .
Neuromancer is a 1984 novel by William Gibson , a seminal work in the cyberpunk genre and the first winner of the science - fiction `` triple crown''--the Nebula Award , the Philip K. Dick Award , and the Hugo Award .
Siegfried Jamrowski ( 1 November 1917 -- 3 September 2012 ) was a Major in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II . He was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross for his actions in the Battle of Monte Cassino .
Arnold Lignitz ( 25 March 1913 -- 30 September 1941 ) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during the Second World War .
Karl Baier ( 4 April 1916 -- 23 November 1970 ) was a highly decorated Hauptmann of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Robert Sterling Arnold is a member of the 2005 Southern Gospel Music Hall of Fame inductees .
Ketino Kachiani or Ketino Kachiani - Gersinska ( born 11 September 1971 ) is a Georgian chess player with the titles of Woman Grandmaster and International Master .
Wilhelm Dommes ( 16 April 1907 in Buchberg , Berent District , West Prussia -- 23 January 1990 in Hannover ) was a German U - boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Camilla Baginskaite ( Lithuanian : Kamilė Baginskaitė ; born 24 April 1967 in Vilnius , Lithuanian SSR ) is an American chess Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) and chess teacher .
Hartmut Michel ( born 18 July 1948 ) is a German biochemist , who received the 1988 Nobel Prize in Chemistry .
Ghavam Shahidi is an Iranian - American electrical engineer and IBM Fellow .
Harshadev Madhav ( born 20 October 1954 in Vartej ) is a Sanskrit poet and writer who won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Sanskrit in 2006 for his work of poetry , Tava Sparshe Sparshe .
Marisa Zuriel ( born August 19 1982 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman International Master .
1999 Prince Claus Award for `` Creating Spaces of Freedom '' , in Amsterdam In December 1999 , Ibn Rushd Fund for Freedom of Thought in Berlin awarded the Ibn Rushd Prize for Freedom of Thought for media and journalism for the year to Al Jazeera .
Alexander Koroviakov was awarded by an Order of the Red Star , the Medal `` For the Victory over Germany in the Great Patriotic War 1941 - -1945 '' and the Medal `` For the Defence of Leningrad '' .
( Gazetted 4 June 1918 ) Distinguished Flying Cross Captain Leonard Henry Rochford , DSC .
In 2008 , Malkit Singh was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire ( MBE ) in the 2008 New Year Honours .
Renato Dulbecco ( February 22 , 1914 -- February 19 , 2012 ) was an Italian American , who won the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on oncoviruses , which are viruses that can cause cancer when they infect animal cells .
Horst Hermann was a highly decorated Feldwebel in the Luftwaffe during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
David Bellavia ( born November 10 , 1975 ) is an American Iraq War veteran who was awarded the Silver Star for his actions during the Second Battle of Fallujah .
Clinton M. Hedrick ( May 1 , 1918 -- March 28 , 1945 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in World War II .
Shakira has won many awards , including five MTV Video Music Awards , two Grammy Awards , eight Latin Grammy Awards , seven Billboard Music Awards , 28 Billboard Latin Music Awards and has been Golden Globe - nominated .
Tamāra Vilerte ( also Tamāra Rudovska , born March 5 , 1954 , Omsk ) is a Latvian chess player who won the World Senior Women Chess Championship in 2008 ( Bad Zwischenahn , Germany ) and holds the title of Woman Grandmaster .
Braslav Rabar ( 27 September 1919 , Zagreb -- 6 December 1973 , Zagreb ) was a Croatian chess International Master ( 1950 ) and chess writer .
Second Sergeant Usman bin Haji Muhammad Ali ( 18 March 1943 -- 17 October 1968 ) , better known as Janatin and Usman Janatin , was an Indonesian marine and National Hero of Indonesia .
Machol was a private serving as an Indian Scout in the United States Army during the Indian Wars who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Jean Hébert ( born November 11 , 1957 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is a Canadian International Master of chess , an International Grandmaster of Correspondence Chess , and a chess writer , journalist , and commentator .
Amin Kamil won the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1967 for his book of poems , Laveh Te Praveh .
Krishnamurthy Perumal ( born September 26 , 1943 ) is a two - time Olympic medalist in field hockey and Arjuna Award winning sportsman for India .
To commemorate his excellence in the sport of Boxing , and his extraordinary contribution to the nation by his consistent efforts and dedication , Dingko Singh was honored with the prestigious Arjuna Award in 1998 and Padma shri in 2013
Pan Junshun ( traditional Chinese : 潘均順 ; simplified Chinese : 潘均顺 ; pinyin : Pān Jūnshùn ; 1889 -- 1974 ) , was the first Chinese national to be awarded the title Righteous Among the Nations for hiding and sheltering a Ukrainian Jewish girl during the occupation of part of the Soviet Union during World War II .
Darja Kapš ( born November 26 , 1981 in Novo Mesto ) is a Slovene chess player with the title of Woman Grandmaster .
Upon the news of his death the president of Pakistan Mohammad Zia - ul - Haq honoured Alam Lohar with Pakistan 's highest civil award for arts and theatre the Pride of Performance in the same year .
Katrīna Šķiņķe ( born 31 May 1991 in Jelgava , Latvia ) is a Latvian chess player and Woman International Master ( 2009 ) .
Kat and the Kings won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical and , in an unusual move , the entire cast was named Best Actor in a Musical .
In 2015 , Rambhadracharya was awarded Padma Vibhushan , India 's second highest civilian honour .
Levon Babujian ( Armenian : Լեւոն Բաբուջյան , born May 8 , 1986 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster .
Chittor Vijay is a 1947 Hindi language film directed by Mohan Sinha and featuring Raj Kapoor and Madhubala in the lead roles .
Oberst Adolf Dickfeld ( 20 February 1910 -- 17 May 2009 ) was a German World War II Luftwaffe 136 victories Flying ace .
52 Sagittarii ( 52 Sgr ) is a star in the constellation Sagittarius .
The Gemini Nunataks ( 84 ° 42′S 176 ° 38′W ) are two nunataks of similar size and appearance in a prominent position near the west wall of Shackleton Glacier , Antarctica , just southeast of Mount Cole .
Mohamed Izzadeen Mohamed Naufer ( born on 17 January 1981 ) is a Sri Lankan footballer , who plays either on the left wing or as a striker for Army SC and the Sri Lanka national football team .
Fall of Eagles was released on video and DVD in 2004 in the United Kingdom , with the release including a comprehensive viewing notes booklet written by Andy Priestner providing further details on the historical events and characters in the series and new interviews with Gayle Hunnicutt , Charles Kay and David Cunliffe ( one of the directors ) .
Road to Avonlea is a Canadian television series first broadcast in Canada between January 7 , 1990 and March 31 , 1996 , and in the United States starting on March 5 , 1990 .
Atlantis High is a teen comedy TV show , shot in New Zealand in 2001 .
The Red Green Show is a Canadian television comedy that aired on various channels in Canada , with its ultimate home at CBC Television , and on Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) stations in the United States , from 1991 until the series finale April 7 , 2006 , on CBC .
The Cullinan Diamond was a large gem - quality diamond weighing 3,106.75 carats ( 621.350 g ) discovered at the Premier No . 2 mine outside Pretoria , South Africa , on 26 January 1905 .
Less Than Kind made its debut October 13 , 2008 , on Citytv , and moved to HBO Canada in February 2010 .
Tengkorak Hidoep ( literally The Living Skull ) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) directed by Tan Tjoei Hock .
The Toronto Rap Project is a 2006 documentary directed by Richard Budman , about rap music culture and violence in Toronto , Canada .
¡ Tango ! is a 1933 Argentine musical romance film , the first film to be made in Argentina using optical sound technology ( but not the first sound film . )
Armed Reaction ( Chinese : 陀槍師姐 ; Jyutping : to4 coeng1 si1 ze2 ) is a 1998 Hong Kong modern cop drama produced by TVB .
As originally shown in France in 1955 , the audience sees the events of Lola Montès ' life through the use of flashbacks .
El Club de Los Tigritos is a Spanish - language children 's variety program originating in Venezuela on the Venevision television network beginning in 1994 , and syndicated to other stations and networks around the world .
Greatest Tank Battles is a military documentary series currently airing on History Television and National Geographic Channel in Canada , where it premiered on 4 January 2010 .
The Havell family of Reading , Berkshire , England included a number of notable engravers , etchers and painters , as well as writers , publishers , educators , and musicians .
MTV Full Tank is a music , culture and travel show that was developed in Australia by MTV producers Gavin Jarratt and Tim Thatcher with Ean Thorley ( Executive Producer ) .
The Naked Archaeologist is a television show produced for VisionTV in Canada and History International in the US that is hosted and prepared by the Emmy Award -- winning journalist Simcha Jacobovici together with Avri Gilad .
Almanach 1999 - 2000 is a 1999 Canadian documentary film by Quebec film director Denys Desjardins produced by the National Film Board of Canada ( NFB ) .
Being India 's first photorealistic motion capture film , Kochadaiiyaan was a tribute to the centennial of Indian cinema and released worldwide in 3D and for traditional viewing on 23 May 2014 in Tamil and five additional languages , including Hindi , Telugu , Bengali , Marathi and Punjabi .
Ridgey Didge was a popular Network Ten magazine television programme for children in Australia .
La suerte en tus manos is a film co - produced by Argentina , Brazil and Spain directed by Daniel Burman based on his own script written in collaboration with Sergio Dubcovsky which premiered on March 29 , 2012 , starring Norma Aleandro , Jorge Drexler , Valeria Bertuccelli and Gabriel Schultz .
A Long Return , also known by the title A Largo Retorno in Spain , is a 1975 Spanish romantic film , directed by Pedro Lazaga .
Beauty at War ( Chinese : 金枝慾孽貳 ) , also known as War and Beauty 2 , is a Hong Kong television period drama serial produced by Jonathan Chik for TVB .
Göran Ehrnrooth was a bank manager in Union Bank Finland .
And although developed and manufactured in France , the Sarpac was never adopted by the French Army , however it has been exported to a number of countries .
The Beretta 21A Bobcat is a semi - automatic pocket pistol designed by Beretta in Italy .
The Kautokeino Rebellion ( Norwegian : Kautokeino - opprøret , Northern Sami : Guovdageainnu Stuimmit ) is a 2008 film based on the true story of the Kautokeino riots in Kautokeino , Norway in 1852 in response to the Norwegian exploitation of the Sami community at that time .
Finding Mary March was released on August 31st 1988 , being played on select theatres and film festivals across Canada .
G. H. Mumm & Cie , situated in Reims in northern France , is one of the largest Champagne producers .
A Locrio is a rice dish from the Dominican Republic .
Once Upon a Time in China III is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film written , produced and directed by Tsui Hark , starring Jet Li as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei - hung .
Today Tonight South Australia is currently hosted by Rosanna Mangiarelli .
The M60 recoilless gun is an 82-mm antitank recoilless gun developed in the former Yugoslavia .
Spiritual Kung Fu ( Chinese : 拳精 ) ( Quan Jing ) is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed and produced by Lo Wei , and starring Jackie Chan and James Tien .
Suor Plautilla Nelli TOSD ( 1524 - -1588 ) was a self - taught nun - artist -- the first - known female Renaissance painter of Florence , Italy .
Mirror of Holland ( Dutch : Spiegel van Holland ) is a 1950 short Dutch documentary film about The Netherlands , directed by Bert Haanstra .
Shinty is now played mainly in the Scottish Highlands , and amongst Highland migrants to the big cities of Scotland , but it was formerly more widespread , being once competitively played on a widespread basis in England and other areas in the world where Scottish Highlanders migrated .
Here 's Humphrey has become one of the most successful programs for pre - schoolers in Australia .
The Times of India gave 3.5 stars out of 5 and said `` Goli Soda IS a masala movie .
A Moment of Romance III is a 1996 Hong Kong romance film directed by Johnnie To starring Andy Lau .
Lego ( /ˈlɛɡoʊ/ ) is a line of plastic construction toys that are manufactured by The Lego Group , a privately held company based in Billund , Denmark .
The Bottomline with Boy Abunda is a current affairs - talk show - reality show in the Philippines , hosted by Boy Abunda , which premiered on November 28 , 2009 It is aired every Saturday after Failon Ngayon and before O Shopping on ABS - CBN .
Boondi is popularly used to prepare raita in Pakistan and North India .
NPO Radio 1 is a public - service radio channel in the Netherlands , broadcasting mainly news and sport .
Mars vs Venus ( Simplified Chinese : 幸福双人床 ) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecast on Singapore 's free - to - air channel , MediaCorp TV Channel 8 .
Terang Boelan ( ( təˈraŋ buˈlan ) ; Indonesian for `` Full Moon '' , Terang Bulan in the Perfected Spelling System ) is a 1937 film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) .
The Cameo Creme is a chocolate sandwich biscuit with a coconut cream filling made by Griffin 's Foods of New Zealand .
Football Italia was a television programme in the United Kingdom showing Italian football that ran from 1992 to 2002 on Channel 4 , and continued until 2008 on other channels .
The Constitution of the Year XII was a national constitution of France adopted during the Year XII of the French Revolutionary Calendar ( 1804 in the Gregorian calendar ) .
Captain Horatio Hornblower ( released in the United Kingdom as Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N. , `` R.N. '' standing for `` Royal Navy '' ) is a 1951 American naval adventure film .
This film Singye Galeem produced by Wisdom Picture was approved on the 29th of December , 2007 for public exhibition in Bhutan .
Best Friends Forever ? ( or BFF ) was a daily TV teen drama telecast on Channel V India .
Aujourd'hui was far from innocent in its pursuit of those responsible for the 1940 defeat of France , resorting to the myth of the `` clean sweep of the broom '' in its notorious Anglophobia .
Royal Stag , also known as Seagram 's Royal Stag , is a brand of Indian whisky , owned by Pernod Ricard India , and launched in 1995 .
Every Last Child shows the steps taken in Pakistan to eliminate poliomyelitis ( polio ) infection from the country .
Ang Dating Daan ( Tagalog for The Old Path ) is a religious radio and television program in the Philippines produced by the Members of the Church of God International .
The Czech Year ( Czech title : Špalíček ) , also called A Treasury of Fairy - Tales , is a 1947 stop - motion - animated feature film from Czechoslovakia .
Olga Gere - Pulić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Олга Гере-Пулић ; born September 27 , 1942 in Novi Sad , Yugoslavia ) is a former Yugoslav high jumper .
Mio in the Land of Faraway was co - produced by companies from Sweden , Norway and the Soviet Union with a budget of about fifty million Swedish kronor , making it the most expensive film adaptation of an Astrid Lindgren book during her lifetime .
Do n't Quit Your Gay Job is a Canadian reality television series presented by Rob Easton and Sean Horlor and broadcast on OUTtv in Canada , on here ! gay television network in the United States and through OUTtv Netherlands available in most of Europe .
Besides being a legal procedure on rape cases in Brazil , abortion was never treated in a frank and positive way on telenovelas such as it has been on Chamas da Vida .
Illustreret Tidende was a Danish weekly illustrated magazine published from 1859 to 1924 in Denmark with international news , literature and entertainment content .
Confession of Pain is a 2006 Hong Kong crime drama film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak , starring Tony Leung , Takeshi Kaneshiro , Shu Qi and Xu Jinglei .
När vi gräver guld i USA also known with its English language title `` When We Dig for Gold in the USA '' is a song which was used as fight song for the Swedish national team during the 1994 FIFA World Cup in the USA , where Sweden ended up third .
Just a Question of Love ( French : Juste une question d'amour ) is a 2000 French - Belgian drama television film directed by Christian Faure that premiered on France 2 .
Bloody Payroll was shown in Italy on March 5 , 1976 .
Carmen Smith ( born 1984 ) is an Australian singer / songwriter who rose to prominence after appearing in the first season of The Voice Australia
Zoervleis or Zoervleisj ( Limburgian for sour meat , in Dutch : Zuurvlees ) is a regional meat dish from the Province of Limburg , a region split between the Netherlands and Belgium .
Krumiri are a kind of biscuit which is regarded as the particular delicacy of Casale Monferrato , the city in north - west Italy where they were invented in 1878 by the confectioner Domenico Rossi .
The Berlin Affair was the first film produced by Menahem Golan and Yoram Globus in Italy for Cannon .
Nicuatole is a gelatinous dessert made from ground maize and sugar , traditional in Oaxaca , Mexico .
Afasi och Filthy ( English : Afasi & Filthy ) was a Swedish hip hop duo from Uppsala , Sweden composed of rapper Herbert Munkhammar ( known as Afasi ) and producer Magnus Lidehäll ( known as Filthy )
OFW Diaries was a television show in the Philippines aired every Friday evenings by GMA Network .
Metsä Tissue has ten production units located in Finland , Germany , Poland , Slovakia and Sweden .
Pepsi Max debuted in United Kingdom and Italy in April 1993 .
Oy Matkahuolto Ab is a Finnish company , which was established on 28 January 1933 to operate and maintain bus stations throughout Finland and to provide freight services .
That Certain Something is a 1941 Australian musical about an American film director who decides to make a musical in Australia .
Of the four main varieties of Pecorino , all of which have Protected Designation of Origin ( PDO ) status under European Union law , Pecorino Romano is probably the best known outside Italy , especially in the United States , which has been an important export market for the cheese since the 19th century .
Bad Bush grossed $ 8,961 at the box office in Australia .
Although in Poland the word Żubrówka is now commonly associated with this type of vodka , in Polish the same word is used to describe bison grass -- which is primarily what the vodka is named after .
Batuque , the Soul of a People ( French title : Batuque , l'âme d'un peuple ) is a 2006 documentary film written and directed by Júlio Silvão Tavares about the batuque musical group Raiz di Tambarina , and roots of this musical genre in Santiago , Cape Verde .
Métamorphose d'une gare ( English : Metamorphosis of a Station ) is a 2010 documentary film directed by Thierry Michel that follows the construction of the modern new railway station of Guillemins in Liège , Belgium .
River Queen is a 2005 New Zealand film directed by Vincent Ward and starring Samantha Morton , Kiefer Sutherland , Cliff Curtis and Temuera Morrison .
Punjab Bolda is a Punjabi film starring Sarbjit Cheema Anisha Pooja ( Miss India Switzerland 2012 Runner Up ) .
Tanhaiyan Naye Silsilay , ( also known as Olper 's Tanhaiyaan : Naye Silsilay ) is a Pakistani romantic and social drama serial directed by Marina Khan and aired on ARY Digital and Pakistan Television Corporation .
Take Your Pick ! was a United Kingdom game show originally broadcast by Radio Luxembourg in the early 1950s .
Pane carasau ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpaːne karaˈzau ) ; Sardinian : ( kaɾaˈzau ) ) is a traditional flatbread from Sardinia .
Challenge of the Masters ( Chinese : 陸阿采與黃飛鴻 ) is a 1976 martial arts - action film released in Hong Kong by Shaw Brothers , and directed by Lau Kar Leung .
La morte risale a ieri sera was released in Italy on September 5 , 1970 .
Chotti Bahu season rerun was aired in Zee Anmol in India and Zee Lamhe in the UK during 2014 and 2015 .
Melodifestivalen 2007 was the selection for the 47th song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest .
OzGirl established a `` solid audience across a range of platforms including Fairfax Digital , Virgin Australia , KoldCast TV , Apple iTunes , Microsoft Zune and TiVo . ''
Mabat LaHadashot ( Hebrew : מבט לחדשות‎ lit . A glance at the news , sometimes in short מבט Mabat view ) , is an Israeli prime time news program that has aired continuously on the Israeli Channel 1 since the introduction of television in Israel in 1968 .
Castagnaccio ( locally also known as baldino , ghirighio or pattona ) is a plain chestnut flour cake , typically found in the Tuscany , Liguria , Piedmont , Emilia - Romagna regions of Italy , and in the French island of Corsica .
Unriddle 2 ( simplified Chinese : 最火搭档 2 ) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecast on Singapore 's free - to - air channel , MediaCorp Channel 8 .
The Matrix Reloaded was largely filmed at Fox Studios in Australia , concurrently with filming of the sequel , Revolutions .
Paul Merton in India is a television show broadcast on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom and Fox History & Entertainment in India .
Partan bree is a seafood speciality from north - eastern Scotland , where much of the country 's fishing fleet is based .
Cornish Yarg is a semi - hard cow 's milk cheese made in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom from the milk of Friesian cows .
Ghost on Air is a Singapore horror film directed by Cheng Ding An and stars Y.E.S. 93.3FM DJ Zhou Chong Qing ( Dennis Chew ) .
Star Awards 2011 ( Chinese : 红星大奖 2011 ) was a double television award ceremony held in Singapore .
China Strike Force is a 2000 Hong Kong action film starring Aaron Kwok , Norika Fujiwara , Leehom Wang and Ruby Lin .
Joker Poker was the first locally produced poker program to go to air in Australia .
No Joke had its World Premiere in Vancouver , Canada on January 12 , 2013 .
Hey Baberiba was a comedy show on TV4 in Sweden , where three comedians made impersonations of different Swedish celebrities .
Qpids was shot primarily in the Philippines , with a handful of episodes filmed in Hong Kong as part of a `` loventure '' .
Film , Film , Film ( in Russian : Фильм , фильм , фильм ) is a satirical animated short film made in 1968 in the Soviet Union by Fyodor Khitruk .
According to Box Office India , Kabul Express grossed ₹12.25 crore ( US$ 1.8 million ) in India .
Korma ( قورمه in Persian ) has its roots in the Mughlai cuisine of modern - day India and Pakistan .
RoachTrip is a 46-minute 2003 Canadian documentary about two punks , Roach and his friend Smash down the invisible punk highway across Canada .
Years of Hope and Anger is the 16th episode of the dramatic documentary television series , Canada :
Love and Again is a Hong Kong modern drama series produced by TVB starring Alex Fong , Sonija Kwok , Moses Chan , Michael Tse and Fiona Yuen .
A co - production between Brazil and Portugal , Memórias Póstumas had a budget of about R$4.5 - -5 million ( $ 2,006,509 - -2,229,455 ) .
Netherworld Dancing Toys is a New Zealand band from Dunedin formed in 1982 .
The Golden Pillow ( simplified Chinese : 金枕头 ; traditional Chinese : 金枕頭 ) is a 40-episode epic drama produced by the Television Corporation of Singapore ( now MediaCorp ) in 1995 .
The Lyre of Mesopotamia was unveiled in December 2009 during an international congress held by UN - Habitat and IAARA in Qazvin , Iran , among other ancient instruments .
Hard Days , Hard Nights ( known as Beat Boys in West Germany ) is a 1989 film .
Waris Jari Hantu ( The Ghastly Heir ) is a 2007 Malay - language horror film in Malaysia .
Hostile Whirlwinds ( Russian : Вихри враждебные , translit . Vikhri vrazhdebnye ) is a 1953 film from the Soviet Union directed by Mikhail Kalatozov based on a screenplay by Nikolai Pogodin .
The iTeddy children 's media player , featured on the British TV series Dragons ' Den , was distributed throughout the United Kingdom via the Argos chain of stores and came loaded with an episode of Summerton Mill , with others available from the iTeddy website .
Who Dares , Sings ! is a karaoke style game show airing in the United Kingdom on the ITV Network and in the Republic of Ireland on TV3 Ireland .
`` The Goat and Her Three Kids '' has also been the topic of several music , theater and film adaptations , in both Romania and Moldova .
GoBingo is an interactive game show on the Philippines GMA television network .
In the 20th century Touax became the first public operator in France to build industrial barges .
The Basler Läckerli ( also Leckerli or Läggerli , lecker meaning `` delicious '' in German and -li being a diminutive suffix ) is a traditional hard spice biscuit originating from Basel , Switzerland .
Rush TV is a primetime show airing Studio 23 in the Philippines .
The 9M14 Malyutka ( Russian : Малютка ; little one , NATO reporting name : AT-3 Sagger ) is a manual command to line of sight ( MCLOS ) wire - guided anti - tank guided missile ( ATGM ) system developed in the Soviet Union .
Pocket Protectors was an animated series produced for New Zealand 's long running children 's show , What Now ? .
Ebba Grön started a hectic period of touring all over Sweden , during which they also released two more singles .
The Nudelman - Rikhter NR-30 was a Soviet autocannon widely used in military aircraft of the Soviet Union and Warsaw Pact .
Deepa Soman of The Times of India rated the film 3 out of 5 and wrote : `` 100 Days of Love is a stylish film that is nothing out of the ordinary .
In many places in both Iran and Afghanistan , Noghl ( Nuql ) is showered on the bride and groom , much like confetti in Western countries would be .
6teen is a Canadian animated sitcom which premiered in Canada on November 7 , 2004 on Teletoon .
Balitang K was a news and current affairs magazine show in the Philippines , hosted by Korina Sanchez .
Juan Alfonso de la Cerda ( France , 1295 - August 7 , 1347 ) was Lord of Gibraleón , Huelva , Real de Manzanares and Deza .
S. Thangavelu ( Sundaram Thangavelu ) ( born 1957 ) is an Indian mathematician who specialised in harmonic analysis .
Thomas Bangalter (; born 3 January 1975 ) is a French electronic musician best known for being one half of the French house music duo Daft Punk , alongside Guy - Manuel de Homem - Christo .
Pandit Ritwik Sanyal ( born 12 April 1953 ) is an Indian classical singer and the Dhrupad maestro from Varanasi , and a professor of vocal music and Ex Dean at the faculty of performing arts at Banaras Hindu University .
Jesús Salinas Ortega , better known as his stage name Chucho Salinas ( 12 February 1928 -- 8 November 2001 ) was a Mexican film and television actor and comedian .
Martin Dunn ( born 26 January 1955 ) is a British journalist and former newspaper editor .
Wong Ting - kwong , SBS ( Chinese : 黃定光 , born 12 September 1949 , Hong Kong ) is a member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong ( Legco ) , representing import and export industry in functional constituencies seats .
Ali Khalifa Al - Kuwari ( Arabic : علي خليفة الكواري‎ ; born in 1941 ) is a Qatari democracy activist , author and professor .
Nikhil Kumar ( Hindi : निखिल कुमार ) ( born 15 July 1941 ) is an Indian politician who was Governor of Nagaland from 2009 to 2013 and Governor of Kerala from 2013 to 2014 .
Abram French ( 1805 - -1884 ) was a crockery , glassware , and china dealer in 19th - century Boston , Massachusetts .
Yulia Ivanova ( Юлия Иванова)(born 1983 ) is a Russian beauty queen and a model .
Mbenzu Ngamboni Boskill , better known as Bozi Boziana ( born in 1952 ) , is congolese guitarist and singer .
Leslie Jamison ( born ca . 1983 ) is an American novelist and essayist .
Charlie Catlett ( born 1960 ) is a Senior Computer Scientist at Argonne National Laboratory and a Senior Fellow in the Computation Institute , a joint institute of Argonne National Laboratory and The University of Chicago .
Ludwig Crocius ( also Ludovicus Crocius ) ( 29 March 1586 -- 7 December 1653 or 1655 ) was a German Calvinist minister .
Jonathan Pienaar ( born 16 September 1962 ) is a South African writer , actor , voice - over artist and comedian who has been active for over 20 years .
Thomas Rede ( c. 1390 - - c. 1455 ) was a merchant , landholder , knight and public official of Roche Castle near Laugharne , Carmarthenshire .
Misagh Memarzadeh ( Persian : میثاق معمارزاده‎‎ ; born 9 January 1983 ) is an Iranian footballer who is currently a Free agent .
Elihu Palmer ( 1764 -- April 7 , 1806 ) was an author and advocate of deism in the early days of the United States .
Wang Huaixiang ( Chinese : 王淮湘 ) ( 1920 - February 23 , 2013 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Joanie Leeds ( born October , 1978 , in Miami , Florida ) is a musician best known for her work as a children 's musical artist .
James Martin Hannett ( 31 May 1948 -- 18 April 1991 ) , initially credited as Martin Zero , was a record producer and an original partner / director at Factory Records with Tony Wilson .
Lucas Veronese ( born 6 February 1991 ) is a French ex - professional footballer .
Ze'ev Chafets ( born 1947 ) is an American - Israeli author and columnist .
Mark Tilton is a UK screenwriter , filmmaker and musician , born 1962 in Blackpool , England .
Joel Pohjanpalo ( born 13 September 1994 ) , is a Finnish professional football striker who plays for German 2 .
Lyse Lemieux ( born 1936 ) was the Chief Justice of the Quebec Superior Court from 1996 until 2004 .
Cary Karp ( born 3 April 1947 ) , is a museum curator based in Sweden , has been instrumental in developing online facilities for museums in the context of the International Council of Museums ( ICOM ) .
Richard Baneham ( born 1974 ) is an Irish animator and visual effects supervisor , who has worked on such films as the The Lord of the Rings film trilogy , the Chronicles of Narnia , and Avatar .
Joan Francés Fulcònis ( in classical Occitan ; Johan Frances Fulconis as written in his original edition ) was a mathematician born in Lieusola ( today and in French Isola ) ca 1520 and who lived in Nice .
Oleg Grinevsky ( Russian : Олег Алексеевич Гриневский ) ( born 12 November 1930 in Moscow , Russian SFSR is a Russian diplomat , former Ambassador to Sweden , political scientist , Cand . Sc . ( history ) and author .
Helen Dallimore ( born 31 October 1971 in Melbourne ) is an Australian actress , known for originating the role of Glinda in the West End production of Wicked .
Mohamad Hanif Baktash , an ethnic Pashtun of the Amarkhel tribe , was born on 9 May 1961 in Maidan Shar ( 30 km far from Kabul ) .
Iztok Geister ( born 20 August 1945 ) is a Slovene writer , poet , essayist and ornithologist .
Private William H. Strayer ( born 1847 , date of death unknown ) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 3rd U.S. Cavalry during the Indian Wars in Nebraska .
Hossein Shams ( Persian : حسین شمس‎ , born 6 April 1961 ) is an Iranian futsal coach .
Guo Zhijian ( born 21 July 1971 ) is a Chinese news anchor for China Central Television , the main state announcer of China .
Henry Northey Hooper ( 1799 -- 1865 ) was a preeminent 19th - century American manufacturer and merchant of decorative lighting , Civil War artillery , and bells and chimes .
Georg Jann ( born 17 January 1934 ) is a German organ builder .
Ella Mary Edghill ( born 13 November 1881 at Aldershot ; date of death unknown ) was a British translator known primarily for her translation of Categories which appeared in Volume 1 ( 1928 ) of the The Works of Aristotle series , edited by W. D. Ross and J. A. Smith .
Faith Middleton ( born 1948 ) is a Connecticut Public Radio talk show host .
Nicandro Durante ( born 13 September 1956 ) is a Brazilian businessman , currently Chief Executive of British American Tobacco plc ( informally BAT ) , the world 's second - largest tobacco company by sales .
Sonja Eggerickx ( born 1947 ) is a Belgian secular humanist who is the President of the International Humanist and Ethical Union .
Ivor Bulmer - Thomas CBE FSA ( 30 November 1905 -- 7 October 1993 ) , born Ivor Thomas , was a British journalist and author who served eight years as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Suzanne Alaywan ( born 1974 ) is a poet and painter .
Engebret Olsen Moe ( 22 July 1780 -- 9 May 1849 ) was a Norwegian Member of parliament .
Manan Sharma ( born 19 March 1991 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Delhi cricket team in domestic cricket .
John F. Carlson ( May 5 , 1875 -- May 19 , 1947 ) was a Swedish - born American Impressionist artist .
Henry IV , Duke of Mecklenburg ( 1417 -- 9 March 1477 ) was from 1422 to 1477 Duke of Mecklenburg .
Gustav Imroth ( 29 June 1862 -- 10 October 1946 ) was a minor Randlord who played a role in the development of the South African diamond - mining industry and sports .
Thomas Apthorpe Cooper ( born London , England , 1776 ; d. Bristol , Pennsylvania , 21 April 1849 ) was an actor .
Elena Milashina ( born 1978 ) is a Russian investigative journalist for Novaya Gazeta .
Jim Branagan ( born 3 July 1955 in Urmston , Lancashire ) is an English - born former footballer who played in the Football League as a full back for Oldham Athletic , Huddersfield Town , Blackburn Rovers , Preston North End and York City , and also in South Africa for Cape Town City .
Leonard John Nike OBE DL ( born 1935 ) is an English businessman , and a Bracknell - based leisure and hotel entrepreneur .
Henryk Abicht ( 1835 - -1863 ) was a Polish independence activist and exile , a member of the Polish Democratic Society .
Nicholas Shaxson ( born 1966 ) is a British author , journalist and investigator .
Sachchida Nand Tripathi ( born 24 July 1971 ) is an Indian scientist who works in the field of Atmospheric Sciences .
Zeca Baleiro ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈzɛkɐ baˈlejru ) , born 11 April 1966 ) is a Brazilian MPB artist .
Rick Wayne ( born Learie Carasco , 27 January 1938 ) , OBE , is a pop singer .
Charles Linder ( born 1967 ) , aka Cashcowboy , is an American artist .
Anthony Rushton ( born 3 November 1971 ) is a British tech entrepreneur and the co - founder and chief executive officer of Telemetry , an online video advertising security and optimisation firm .
Clare McDonnell ( born 1967 ) is a Sony Radio Academy Awards winning British radio broadcaster and presenter .
Sir George Russell Drysdale , AC ( 7 February 1912 -- 29 June 1981 ) was an Australian artist .
Ryan Cummins ( born 14 April 1984 ) is an English cricketer , who represented Leicestershire County Cricket Club .
Ioannis Karavitis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Καραβίτης 1883 - -1949 ) was a Greek leader in the Macedonian Struggle from Crete .
Ralph Schoenman ( born 1935 ) is an American left - wing activist who was a personal secretary to Bertrand Russell and became general secretary of the Bertrand Russell Peace Foundation .
Charles Minthorn Murphy ( October 1870 -- February 16 , 1950 ) , also known as Mile - a - Minute Murphy , was an American cycling athlete .
Richard Martin Meredith Q.C. ( 27 March 1847 -- 20 May 1934 ) was a co - founder and the first Chancellor of The University of Western Ontario ; vice - chancellor of Ontario ;
Prabhjot Singh ( born 14 August 1980 ) is a field hockey forward for the Indian National Hockey Team .
Alan Bosworth ( born 31 December 1967 in Northampton , England ) , is a professional boxer , using the nickname `` Bozzy '' .
Makhdoom Sajjad Hussain Qureshi ( Urdu : سجاد ھسین قریشی‎ ) ( 1 January 1897 -- 31 December 1997 ) was the Governor of Punjab from 30 December 1985 to 9 December 1988 .
Madoline Thomas ( 2 January 1890 -- 30 December 1989 ) was a Welsh actress whose career encompassed stage , film and television roles .
Jenny Eclair ( born Jenny Clare Hargreaves on 16 March 1960 ) is an English comedian , novelist and actress , best known for her roles in Grumpy Old Women between 2004 and 2007 and in Loose Women in 2011 and 2012 .
Wang Wupin ( born 18 January 1991 ) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the long jump and triple jump .
Guðrún Kristín Magnúsdóttir ( born 27 September 1939 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic author and artist .
John Brande Morris , known to friends as Jack Morris ( born at Brentford , Middlesex , 4 September 1812 ; died at Hammersmith , London , 9 April 1880 ) was an English Anglican theologian , later a Roman Catholic priest .
Messaouda Boubaker ( born 19 February 1954 ) is a Tunisian novelist and short story writer who writes in Arabic .
Magnus Krog ( born 19 March 1987 ) is a Norwegian nordic combined skier who has competed since 2005 .
Henry Siegman ( born 1930 ) is a German - born American .
Mila D. Aguilar ( born 1949 ) is a Filipina poet , revolutionary , essayist , teacher , video documentarian , and website designer .
Michelle Rossignol , OC , CQ ( born 4 February 1940 ) is a Canadian film actress .
Alan Shallcross ( 8 June 1932 , Heswell , Cheshire ( now Merseyside ) -- 22 December 2010 ) was a British television producer Educated at Exeter College , Oxford , where his contemporaries were Alan Bennett and Russell Harty , he joined BBC Television initially working as a programme planner .
Jules A. Hoffmann ( born 2 August 1941 ) is a Luxembourg - born French biologist .
Michael L. Murray , Ph.D. , ( born Washington , D.C. , 1974 ) is an American folklorist formerly on the faculty of Princeton University .
Robert Stacy McCain ( born 1959 ) is an American conservative journalist , writer , and blogger .
Dana Nălbaru ( born 23 October 1976 ) is a Romanian singer , songwriter , and musician .
Karsten Alnæs ( born 29 May 1938 ) Norwegian author , historian , and journalist , received advanced dual degrees in history and literature from the University of Oslo .
Karolina Kucharczyk ( born 24 April 1991 , in Rawicz ) is a Polish Paralympic athlete who began in her sport at age twelve .
Kevin Kinahan ( born 1971 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full - back for the Offaly senior hurling team .
Gail Ryan ( born 11 January 1939 ) is a film and television hairdresser .
Krzysztof Crell - Spinowski ( Latin : Crellius Spinovius , English : Christopher Crell ) ( Raków , Kielce County 1622 - December 12 , 1680 ) was an Arian theologian , pastor of the church of the Polish Brethren .
Christopher Hamill ( born 19 December 1958 ) , better known by his stage name Limahl ( an anagram of Hamill ) , is an English pop singer .
Jozef Barmoš ( born 28 August 1954 ) is a former Slovak football coach and former player .
Bernard Rochford ( born 1979 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork and Kerry senior teams .
Eugenia Smith ( 1899 -- January 31 , 1997 ) , also known as Eugenia Drabek Smetisko , was one of several Romanov impostors who claimed to be the Grand Duchess Anastasia , youngest daughter of Tsar Nicholas II , the last autocratic ruler of Imperial Russia , and his wife Tsarina Alexandra .
Susan Alamo , née Edith Opal Horn ( April 25 , 1925 -- April 8 , 1982 ) was an American religious figure , cofounder with her husband of the Tony & Susan Alamo Christian Foundation .
John Conduitt ( /ˈkɒndwɪt , -duːɪt , -djuːɪt/ ; c. 8 March 1688 -- 23 May 1737 ) was a British Member of Parliament and Master of the Mint who married Sir Isaac Newton 's niece .
Victoria Meyer - Laker ( born 18 March 1988 ) is a British professional rower and a member of the Great Britain Rowing Team .
Severino de Ramos Clementino da Silva ( born 10 January 1986 ) , known as Nino Paraíba or simply Nino , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Ponte Preta as a right back .
Noel Stagg ( born 1968 ) is hurling and football player .
Igor Giorgadze ( Georgian : იგორ გიორგაძე ) ( born 23 July 1950 ) is a Georgian politician , a former Minister of State Security ( 1993 - -1995 ) and the current leader of the ` ´ Samartlianoba´´(Justice ) Party .
Kurt Dahlke ( born 29 April 1958 ) is a German musician and record producer .
Yin Tao ( Chinese : 殷桃 ; pinyin : Yīn Táo ; born 6 December 1979 ) is a Chinese actress .
Larry Lehman ( 1945 -- December 10 , 2004 ) was a Chief Justice of the Wyoming Supreme Court .
Mark Olive ( b. 1962 ) , also known as the Black Olive , is an Indigenous Australian chef .
Wiktor Thommée ( 1881 - -1962 ) was a Polish military commander and a Brigadier General of the Polish Army .
Michael Symons ( born 16 September 1971 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) during the 1990s .
Archibald Middleton ( born 27 October 1871 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Fitzroy .
John Cunningham Wood ( born 1952 ) is an Australian economist , author , and the Chief Executive Officer of the University Division at Navitas , known as series editor of the `` Critical Assessment of Leading Economists '' series of Taylor & Francis .
Loren Dykes ( born 5 February 1988 ) is a footballer who plays for the Welsh national team and Bristol Academy .
Annelie Ehrhardt , ( née Jahns on 18 June 1950 ) is a retired German hurdler .
Fahrudin Đurđević ( Macedonian Cyrillic : Фахрудин Ѓурѓевиќ , born 17 February 1992 ) is a Macedonian footballer of who plays with Makedonija GP .
Kenny O'Dell ( born Kenneth Gist Jr. , 1946 in Oklahoma ) is an American country music singer and songwriter .
Abd al - Majeed al - Qadi ( Arabic : عبد المجيد القاضي ; born 1934 ) is a Yemeni playwright and writer .
By his own account , Giovanni Defendi was born on 24 June 1849 in Casalmaggiore , Italy .
Åsta Holth ( 13 February 1904 , Svullrya , Solør -- 16 March 1999 ) was a Norwegian novelist , poet and short story writer .
Kuini Liliha ( c. 1802 - -1839 ) was a High Chiefess in the ancient Hawaiian tradition and served the Kingdom of Hawaii as royal governor of Oʻahu island .
Thomas Grant Hadwin ( born 1948 ) was a Canadian forest engineer .
Michael Francies ( born 14 October 1956 ) is a British solicitor who specializes in equity financing .
Steven Van Broeckhoven ( 27 September 1985 ) is a Belgian windsurfer , specialized in freestyle .
Trine Pallesen ( born 19 June 1969 ) is a Danish actress , best known for her work in Danish TV series Rejseholdet and Forbrydelsen .
Barry Denny ( born 10 May 1953 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1970s .
Sasson Gabai ( Hebrew : ששון גבאי Arabic : ساسون جاباي‎ ; born 24 November 1947 ) is an Israeli actor .
Eva Pel ( Purmerend , 1973 ) is a Dutch visual artist living and working in Amsterdam .
Ryan Cross ( born 6 October 1979 ) is a Rugby Union football player for Racing Metro 92 after signing from USA Perpignan in the French Top 14 .
Muhammad Hasan ( born 1902 , date of death unknown ) was a Prince in the Afghanistani House of Barakzai .
Leon Thijssen ( born 15 January 1968 in Baarlo ) is a Dutch show jumper .
CN Lester ( born 1984 ) is a British classical and alternative singer - songwriter , as well as an LGBTI and transgender rights activist .
Jill Gomez , Countess of Northesk ( born 21 September 1942 ) is a Trinidadian and British soprano who enjoyed an active career on the operatic stage and in the concert hall in a wide repertoire , and has made many recordings .
Menachem Mendel of Rimanov ( 1745 - -May 29 , 1815 ) was a Hasidic Rebbe and author .
Martin Kupper ( born 31 May 1989 ) is an Estonian track and field athlete who competes in the discus throw .
Sathnam Sanghera ( born Wolverhampton , 1976 ) is an award - winning journalist and author .
Bryan Cullen ( born 7 April 1984 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who currently plays as a left wing - forward for the Dublin senior team .
Zheng Qunliang ( Chinese : 郑群良 ; born January 1954 ) is a lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China .
Ma Zhaoxu ( simplified Chinese : 马朝旭 ; traditional Chinese : 馬朝旭 ; pinyin : Mǎ Zhāoxù ; born September 1963 ) is the current Chinese Ambassador to Australia .
Horace Ové , CBE ( born 1939 ) , is a British filmmaker , photographer , painter and writer , one of the leading black independent film - makers to emerge in Britain since the post - war period .
Ania Walwicz ( born 1951 ) is a contemporary Australian poet and prose writer , and visual artist .
Kathy Butler ( born 22 October 1973 ) is a long - distance runner who competes in the 10,000 metres and marathon , as well as cross country running and road running .
Mary Waya ( born 25 May 1968 ) is a Malawian netball player and coach .
Dieter Schnebel ( born 14 March 1930 in Lahr / Baden ) is a composer .
Rahim AlHaj ( Arabic : رحيم الحاج , born c. 1968 ) is an American oud musician and composer .
Anton Francesco Lucini ( 1610 -- after 1661 ) was an Italian engraver and printmaker , best known for his etchings of the work Dell'Arcano del Mare by Sir Robert Dudley .
Rufus Tiger Taylor ( born 8 March 1991 ) is an English musician , best known as the drummer for The Darkness since May 2015 , and as a touring drummer for the Queen + Adam Lambert stage show .
Francis Dodoo ( born 13 April 1960 ) is a retired Ghanaian athlete who competed in the long jump and triple jump .
Thomas Egenton Hogg ( 1828 - -1898 ) was a master in the Confederate States Navy who participated in raids on Union ships during the American Civil War .
Naser Manzuri ( Azeri : Nasir Mənzuri ; Persian : ناصر منظوری ) is an Iranian novelist and linguist , born in 1953 in Mianeh .
Neri Marcorè ( born 31 July 1966 ) is an Italian actor , dubber , imitator , TV presenter and singer .
Alberico Di Cecco ( born 19 April 1974 ) is an Italian long - distance runner who specializes in the marathon race .
João Ribeiro de Barros ( 4 April 1900 - 20 July 1947 ) was the first aviator of the three Americas to make an air crossing from Europe to America , on April 28 , 1927 , crossing the Atlantic Ocean with the Savoia - Marchetti S.55 hydroplane Jahú .
Juan José Palacios Orihuela ( 1944 - -2002 ) Puerto de Santa Maria ( Cadiz ) .
Priscilla Rattazzi ( born 1956 ) is an Italian - born photographer based in New York City who has worked primarily as a magazine photographer and has authored several photography books .
Naresh Gaur ( Hindi pronunciation : ( nəreʃ ɡəʊɽ ) ; born 5 October 1952 ) is an Indian politician and advocate .
Hugh Gerard Hazen Hansard , Q.C. ( 1905 -- April 30 , 1985 ) was a Canadian lawyer from Quebec .
Zhu Xiaodan ( Chinese : 朱小丹 ; pinyin : Zhū Xiǎodān ; born January 1953 ) is the current Governor of Guangdong province in the People 's Republic of China .
Lise Thibault ( French pronunciation : ​(liz tibo ) ; born 2 April 1939 ) was appointed the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec in 1997 and later sentenced to jail for fraud and ordered to repay the government .
Ahlam Shibli ( Arabic : أحلام شبلي‎ , born 1970 ) is a Palestinian photographer .
Desislava Topalova ( also transliterated as Dessislava Topalova ) ( Bulgarian : Десислава Топалова , born 8 June 1978 ) is a retired professional tennis player from Bulgaria .
Alla Sidorovskaya ( born Rogova , 27 July 1983 ) is a Russian footballer .
Marcin Wolski ( born 22 July 1947 in Łódź ) is a Polish writer , journalist and satirist .
Philip Woodward ( born 6 September 1919 ) is a British mathematician , radar engineer and horologist .
Staf Scheirlinckx ( born 12 March 1979 in Herzele ) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer , the brother of another professional cyclist , Bert Scheirlinckx .
Gabriel Temudzani ( born 10 February 1980 ) , also known by his stage name Chief Azwindini ( on the TV soap Muvhango on SABC 2 , on which he has been an actor since 2000 ) , is a South African actor and TV presenter .
Erik Ulfsby ( born 2 October 1970 ) is a Norwegian actor , stage instructor and theatre director .
William Jerdan ( 16 April 1782 -- 11 July 1869 ) , Scottish journalist , was born at Kelso , Scotland .
Darius Blandford ( 1843 - -1917 ) was a blacksmith , sealing captain and political figure in Newfoundland .
Jean - Godefroy Bidima ( born 1958 in Mfoumassi ) is a Cameroonian philosopher , currently living in the United States .
Margaret Seltzer ( pseudonymously Margaret B. Jones , born 1975 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American writer .
Sir David Howarth Seymour Howard , 3rd Baronet ( born 1945 ) is an English aristocrat , businessman and public official .
Drago Jančar ( born 13 April 1948 ) is a Slovenian writer , playwright and essayist .
Stas Maliszewski ( born Stanislaw Maliszewski pol . Stanisław Maliszewski ; August 1944 in Poland ) is a Polish American former football linebacker .
Justin Barrett ( born 1971 in County Tipperary ) is an Irish far - right nationalist , pro - life and anti - immigration activist .
Michel Hidalgo ( French pronunciation : ​(mi.ʃɛl i.dal.go ) ; born 22 March 1933 ) is a French former football player and manager .
Sarojini Hembram ( 1 October 1959 ) is an Indian politician from the Odisha state .
Prince Hashem bin Abdullah ( born 30 January 2005 ) is the fourth child and second son of King Abdullah II and Queen Rania .
Jerzy Makula ( born 1952 in Ruda Śląska ) is a Polish pilot who won the FAI World Glider Aerobatic Championships six times .
Sigiswald Kuijken ( Dutch : ( ˌsiɣɪsʋɑlt ˈkœykən ) ; born 16 February 1944 ) is a Belgian violinist , violist , and conductor known for playing on authentic instruments .
Barbara Honigmann ( born 12 February 1949 in Berlin ) is a German author and artist .
Francesco Migliori , also known as Francesco Megliori ( c. 1684 -1734 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in his native Republic of Venice .
Phonte Lyshod Coleman , better known as Phonte ( born 1978 ) , is an American rapper , formerly of the now defunct North Carolina trio Little Brother and one - half of the duo The Foreign Exchange .
Nicolas Michel ( born 7 November 1949 ) is Adjunct Professor of international law at the Geneva Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies .
Henry de Burgh , 1st Marquess of Clanricarde KP , PC ( Ire ) ( 8 January 1742 -- 8 December 1797 ) , styled Lord Dunkellin from birth to 1782 , was an Irish peer and politician .
Carlos Enrique Meyer ( born in 1953 ) is an Argentine businessman and public official who was appointed as the nation 's Minister of Tourism upon the post 's establishment on July 1 , 2010 .
Anne Greene ( born 1628 , hanged 1650 , died 1665 ) was an English domestic servant who was accused of committing infanticide in 1650 .
Hans Ledersteger ( 1898 - -1971 ) was an Austrian art director who worked for many years in the German film industry .
Benjamin Satchwell ( 3 January 1732 - -1 December 1810 ) was one of the founding fathers of Leamington Spa in Warwickshire , England .
Sarangapani Raman ( born 1920 , date of death unknown ) was an Indian footballer , who played for the Mysore State Police football team .
Ángela Vargas Vega , better known by her artistic name of Angelita Vargas ( born in Seville in 1946 ) is a Spanish flamenco dancer , considered one of the greatest stars of the Andalusian music scene .
Clarrie Horder was born in Sydney , New South Wales to parents Charles and Ellen Horder on 27 August 1890 .
Kevan Broadhurst ( born 3 June 1959 ) is an English former professional footballer , coach and football manager .
Eloise Harriet Stannard ( 1829 - -1915 ) was a British 19th century painter known for her still life work .
Steven Dexter ( born 1962 ) is a theatre director and writer .
Martin T. Buell , born August 31 , 1942 in Honolulu , Hawaii , founded the Universal Kempo Karate Schools Association in 1981 .
Patricia Young ( born 1954 , Victoria , British Columbia ) is a Canadian poet , and short story writer .
Sir Stephen Mackenzie FRCP ( 14 October 1844 -- 3 September 1909 ) was a British physician , knighted in 1903 .
Royston Dias ( born 30 January 1993 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Mumbai Under-19 team .
Keith Kingbay ( born on 30 April 1914 ) was a racer , manufacturer , advocate , and author in bicycling .
Andy Gee ( born Andreas Gröber , September 1950 in Berlin ) is a German guitarist and musician , best known for his time with Peter Bardens , Steve Ellis and as a temporary member of Thin Lizzy .
Ziemowit Wojciechowski ( born 3 October 1948 ) is a Polish born former fencer .
Laura More ( using the pseudonym Laura Muncey ) ( born 16 December 1984 ) is a British singer who is best known for her appearance in the `` Call on Me '' music video , and in her lead vocals in Uniting Nations single `` Ai No Corrida '' .
Huáscar Barradas ( born Maracaibo , 1964 ) is a Venezuelan flutist and Professor of flute at the `` Instituto Universitario de Estudios Musicales '' in Caracas .
Carl Georg Ferdinand Thielemann ( 8 March 1803 -- 13 May 1863 ) was a Danish architect and royal building inspector during the 19h century .
Hannah Bunce Watson ( 28 December 1749 -- 27 September 1807 ) was a newspaper publisher from the U.S. state of Connecticut , whose printed output supported the American Revolutionary War .
Christian Newberry ( born in 1968 ) is a British former competitive figure skater .
Peter M. Brant ( born March 1 , 1947 ) is an American industrialist , businessman , art collector and philanthropist .
Abir Abrar ( born 1985 ) is an Indian stage , film , and television actress .
Sebastian Copeland ( born 1964 ) is an award winning photographer , polar explorer , author , lecturer , and environmental activist .
Banu Avar ( born 18 July 1955 , Eskisehir ) is a Turkish author , journalist , news anchor , and political commentator .
Loda Halama ( 20 July 1911 -- 13 July 1996 ) was a Polish dancer and actress .
Robert Kingsley ( 1903 - 1988 ) was an American legal scholar and California judge .
Otomārs Oškalns ( 12 April 1904 -- 1 September 1947 ) was a prominent Latvian communist and partisan fighter .
Fajar Alfian ( born 7 March 1995 ) is an Indonesian badminton player in double specialist .
Shoukath ( born 1971 ) is a Malayalam philosophical mystical writer .
Ma Yong ( simplified Chinese : 马勇 ; traditional Chinese : 馬勇 ; pinyin : Mǎ Yǒng ; born January 1957 ) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in central China 's Hunan province .
Anushka Sharma ( pronounced ( əˈnʊʂkaː ˈʃərmaː ) ; born 1 May 1988 ) is an Indian film actress and producer .
Diego Stocco ( born 1976 ) is an Italian sound designer and composer for movies , television and video games .
Steinar Lone ( born 23 August 1955 ) is a Norwegian translator .
Everett McDonald ( born c. 1958 ) is a Canadian politician who was an elected member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the electoral district of Grande Prairie - Smoky from 2012 to 2015 .
Pieta Brown ( born 1973 ) is an American musician and singer - songwriter who has released five albums and three EPs .
Jeremy Levin ( born 1954 ) is a South African - born businessman , medical doctor and research scientist .
Nick Fulwood ( born 2 October 1963 ) is a retired British tennis player who reached the third round of the 1989 Wimbledon Championships .
Yadin Zaris ( Hebrew : ידין זריס‎ ; born 14 May 1990 ) is an Israeli striker player who currently plays for Israeli side Hapoel Hod HaSharon .
Ernst Wilhelm Eduard von Knorr ( 8 March 1840 -- 17 February 1920 ) was a German admiral of the Kaiserliche Marine who helped establish the German colonial empire .
Robert Cameron Sharp ( born 3 June 1958 ) is a Scottish former sprinter .
David Stirton ( 1816 -- August 16 , 1908 ) was a Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons representing Wellington South from 1867 to 1876 .
Lucius Valerius Septimius Bassus ( c. 328 - aft . 379 or 383 ) was a Praefectus Urbi Romae in 379 or 383 .
Bernard Yack ( born 1952 ) is a Canadian born American political theorist .
Lyon Cohen ( 1868 - 1937 ) was a Polish - born Canadian businessman and a philanthropist .
Silvia Sommer ( born 9 April 1944 ) is an Austrian composer , pianist and music producer .
James Pickford is a British race car driver , born 30 April 1979 in Macclesfield , Cheshire .
Elwyn Hartley Edwards , MC , was an equestrian writer and editor , born on 17 April 1927 .
Sir John Bland - Sutton , 1st Baronet ( 21 April 1855 -- 20 December 1936 ) , was a British physician .
Janis Mackey Frayer ( born 1970 ) is a Canadian journalist with CTV National News .
Toba Khedoori ( born 1964 in Australia ) is an artist of Iraqi heritage , known primarily for highly detailed mixed - media paintings executed on large sheets of wax - coated paper .
Joanne Samuel ( born 5 August 1957 ) is an Australian actress who is best known for her role as the screen wife of Mel Gibson 's title character in the 1979 film Mad Max .
Lester Horton ( 23 January 1906 -- 2 November 1953 ) was an American dancer , choreographer , and teacher .
Everett Peter Greenberg ( born 1948 ) is an American microbiologist .
Kári Steinn Karlsson ( born 19 May 1986 ) is an Icelandic long - distance runner .
David Markham ( 3 April 1913 -- 15 December 1983 ) was an English stage and film actor for over forty years .
Eamonn Boyce ( born 1925 ) was an Irish volunteer of the Irish Republican Army .
Ruxandra Lăpușneanu ( 1538 - -21.11.1570 ) was a princess consort of Moldavia by marriage to Alexandru Lăpușneanu .
Mats Werner ( born 1 June 1953 ) is a Swedish , retired professional footballer .
John Turitzin was approximately born in 1955 .
João Lopes Marques ( born 29 August 1971 in Lisbon ) is a Tallinn - based writer , journalist and blogger .
Ade Adepitan MBE ( born 27 March 1973 ) is a British television presenter and wheelchair basketball player .
Erastus Tjejamba ( born 1936 ) was the Chairman of the Executive Committee of Hereroland from September 1984 to August 1987 and from October 1987 to February 1988 .
Polonca Kovač , true name Magdalena Kovač , ( born 19 February 1937 ) is a Slovene children 's writer and translator .
Janka Kulcsár ( born 8 April 1985 ) is a Hungarian pianist and répétiteur , and a founding member of the Moltopera Company .
Alissa Firsova ( Russian : Алисса Фирсова ; born 24 July 1986 ) is a Russian - British classical composer , pianist and conductor .
Johanna Klum ( born 12 July 1980 in Berlin ) is a German television presenter and former singer .
Julie Ann Dawson ( born August 1971 ) , is an American horror fiction writer , RPG designer , and publisher .
Ravi V. Bellamkonda ( born 1968 ) is a biomedical engineer and the department chair of the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology and Emory University since 2013 .
Gordon Edwards was born in Canada in 1940 , and graduated from the University of Toronto in 1961 with a gold medal in Mathematics and Physics and a Woodrow Wilson Fellowship .
David Lenz ( born , 1962 , Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) is an American portrait painter .
Alisha Dash ( 13 September 1993 -- ) is an Indian model turned actress .
Pier Luigi Bellini delle Stelle ( 1920 - 1984 ) was an Italian anti - fascist partisan and lawyer , notable for capturing Benito Mussolini at Dongo in April 1945 .
Jorge Curbelo full name Jorge Winston Curbelo Garis ( born 21 December 1981 ) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Arsenal de Sarandí in the Argentine Primera División .
Sharena Gunawan , better known by the stage name Sharena ( born 11 October 1983 ) , is an Indonesian actress and model .
Ligia Consuelo Bonetti Dubreil ( b. Santo Domingo , 27 March 1968 ) , also known as Ligia Bonetti de Valiente , is a businesswoman from the Dominican Republic .
William Alexander Greenhill ( 1 January 1814 , Stationers ' Hall , London -- 19 September 1894 , Hastings ) was an English physician , literary editor and sanitary reformer .
Margaret Wirrpanda ( 1939-February 24 , 2013 ) was a campaigner for Australian Aboriginal rights .
Leo Schofield AM ( born 6 May 1935 ) is an Australian restaurant critic , contributing a weekly column in The Mercury .
Eugenia Vronskaya ( born 1966 ) is a Russian figurative painter .
Barbara Jefford , OBE ( born 26 July 1930 ) is a British Shakespearean actress best known for her theatrical performances with the Royal Shakespeare Company , the Old Vic and the National Theatre , and her role as Molly Bloom in the 1967 film of James Joyce 's Ulysses .
Ernest Sibanda ( born 25 December 1925 ) was the first black person to join The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) in Zimbabwe .
Francesco di Bartolommeo Alfei ( Montalcino , 1421 - Siena , after 1491 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance , active in Siena .
Mahmoud Omar Mahmoud Shelbaieh ( born 20 May 1980 ) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian descent , who is a striker for Al - Wehdat .
Lucy Wangui Kabuu ( born 24 March 1984 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who specializes in the 5000 and 10,000 metres events .
Stephen Wallace Taylor ( born 1965 ) is a historian and chair of the Department of History and Political Science at Macon State College , in Macon , Georgia .
Denise Rood ( born 1955 ) , violinist , has for 15 years been a member of Philharmonia Virtuosi Chamber Orchestra and is currently a member of the Santa Fe Opera .
Mieke Wijaya ( born 7 March 1940 ) is an Indonesian actress who has won three Citra Awards .
Leo Koretz ( 1879 - 1925 ) was an American lawyer and stockbroker who ran an elaborate Ponzi scheme in Chicago , called the `` Bayano oil fraud , '' which garnered an estimated $ 30 million ( about $ 400 million today ) from hundreds of investors in Chicago .
William McFadden Orr , FRS ( 2 May 1866 -- 14 August 1934 ) was a British and Irish mathematician .
Attila Pinte ( born 6 June 1971 ) is a former Slovak football player of Hungarian ethnicity who currently cooperating as an assistant manager for ŠK SFM Senec .
Per Kasperi ( born 20 May 1993 ) is a Swedish ice sledge hockey player .
Robert Meeropol ( born Robert Rosenberg in 1947 ) is the younger son of Ethel and Julius Rosenberg .
Lyndal Oatley ( born 27 June 1980 ) is an Australian equestrian .
Sebastian Xavier ( born 10 February 1970 ) is a former Indian swimmer from Kerala .
Samir Seliminski ( born 9 May 1969 in Isperih ) is a Bulgarian former football player and the current football manager of Akademik Sofia .
Maurice Berkeley , 3rd Viscount Fitzhardinge ( 1628 - -90 ) , of Bruton , Somerset and Pall Mall , Westminster , was an English politician , of the Bruton branch of the Berkeley family .
Maja Blagdan ( born 16 May 1968 ) is a Croatian pop singer .
E. Benjamin Skinner ( born May 4 , 1976 ) is a writer on modern - day slavery and a Senior Vice President at Tau Investment Management .
Vaughan Oliver ( born 1957 ) is a British graphic designer based in Epsom , South of London .
Jean - Pierre Van Rossem ( born 29 May 1945 ) is a Belgian stock market guru , economist , econometrician , author , philosopher , Public figure , politician and former member of the Belgian & Flemish Parliament
Umberto Rispoli ( born 31 August 1988 in San Severino Marche , Italy ) is horse racing jockey .
Joanna Cooper ( born 1994 ) is an Irish model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Ireland 2015 and represented Ireland at the Miss Universe 2015 .
Søren Lerby ( born 1 February 1958 ) is a Danish former football player , manager , and licensed agent .
Vasil Tole ( born 22 November 1963 ) is an Albanian composer of European classical music , including opera , chamber music , orchestral works and various pieces for small ensembles and solo instruments .
David A. Whiteley ( born c. 1944 ) is a retired American Thoroughbred horse racing trainer who trained three Champions and who in 1979 won the third leg of the U.S. Triple Crown .
Gillian Attard M.Q.R. ( born 3 February 1983 ) is a Maltese actress , singer , television personality , and Vocal Coach .
Pacomio Poqui was born on La Ranchería de Esniscue , Alta California around 1794 to Chumash parents , and was baptized and given the Spanish name José at Mission La Purisima in 1803 .
Franny Armstrong ( born 3 February 1972 ) is a British documentary film director working for her own company , Spanner Films , and a former drummer with indie pop group The Band of Holy Joy .
Mirsad Hibić ( born 11 October 1973 ) is a former professional Bosnian footballer who last played for Spanish club Atletico Madrid .
Princess Aisha bint Faisal of Jordan ( born 27 March 1997 , Amman ) is the daughter Prince Faisal bin Al Hussein and Princess Alia Tabba , and a niece of King Abdullah II of Jordan .
Caroline Kraabel ( born 1961 in San Francisco ) is a London - based American composer , improviser and saxophonist .
Andrew Fenn ( born 1 July 1990 ) is a British cyclist , who rode for Scotland in the 2010 Commonwealth Games and rides for Team Sky .
Hao Chujun ( Chinese : 郝處俊 ; 607 - -681 ) , formally Duke of Zengshan ( 甑山公 ) , was an official and general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty , serving as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong .
Ros Drinkwater ( born 14 February 1944 ) is a Scottish - born actress , best known for her portrayal of Paul Temple 's wife , Steve , in the eponymous television series , based on the character created by Francis Durbridge .
Richard Shephard MBE , DL , FRSCM ( b. 1949 ) is a composer , former educator , and Director of Development and Chamberlain of York Minster .
Audax Minor ( 1887 -- October 8 , 1979 ) , the pen name of George F. T. Ryall , was a Canadian writer who worked as the horse racing columnist for The New Yorker for 52 years .
Hannah Daniel ( born 20 January 1986 ) , is a Welsh actress , better known for her roles on BBC Wales TV film Dad and TV series Hinterland .
Emma Nuttall ( born 23 April 1992 ) is a British track and field athlete , who specialises in the high jump .
Frances Adcock ( born 9 August 1984 ) is a British - born Australian former competition swimmer who specialized in backstroke events .
Johnny Crowley ( born 21 February 1956 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre - back with the Cork senior team .
J. Donald Monan , SJ ( born December 31 , 1924 ) is the current Chancellor of Boston College and was the 24th President of Boston College , a post he held from 1972 to 1996 - -the longest such tenure in the University 's history .
Paul Sagan ( born 1959 ) is an American businessman and an executive in residence ( XIR ) at General Catalyst Partners .
Phil McCrea ( born 1948 ) was president of the National Association of Biology Teachers .
Alexandru Teriachiu ( 1829 -- March 2 , 1893 ) was a Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Géraldine Olivier ( born 5 June 1967 in Marly , Fribourg , maiden name Burri ) is a Swiss singer of volkstümliche Musik .
Ali Khatami ( born 1953 ) is the younger brother of former Iranian president , Mohammed Khatami , and served as his chief of staff during his second term in office .
Marc Fisher ( born 1958 in New York , New York ) is a senior editor for the Washington Post where he writes about national , foreign and local issues .
Reinhard Schaletzki ( 21 May 1916 -- 21 March 1995 ) , born in Upper Silesia , was a German international footballer .
Birgit Lohberg - Schulz ( also Schulz - Lohberg , Lohberg or Schulz ; born 3 December 1965 ) is a retired German freestyle swimmer who won two bronze relay medals at the 1987 and 1989 European Aquatics Championships .
Emma Edwards Green , born Emma Sarah Etine Edwards ( 1856 - 1942 ) , known also as Mrs. Emma Green , was an American painter and designer .
Sofia Penkova ( Bulgarian : София Пенкова ; born 26 January 1979 ) is a Bulgarian former competitive figure skater .
Maurice Riemer Calhoun , Sr . , known as Riemer Calhoun ( April 5 , 1909 -- August 4 , 1994 ) , was a Democrat from Mansfield , Louisiana , who represented a combined DeSoto and Caddo parish district in the Louisiana State Senate from 1944 to 1952 .
Ravji Patel ( 1939 - -1968 ) was a modernist poet and novelist in Gujarati .
Dušan Moravčíkz ( Bánov , 27 March 1948 ) is a former Czech athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Krisztián Németh ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkristiaːn ˈneːmɛt ) ; born 5 January 1989 ) is a Hungarian international football player who currently plays as a striker for Al - Gharafa in the Qatar Stars League .
Helmut Reinisch ( born 1953 in Graz ) is an Austrian gallery owner and collector of contemporary art as well as an author and expert in the field of old and antique carpets and textiles .
Kim Hagger ( born 2 December 1961 ) is a retired English athlete who competed mainly in the heptathlon and the long jump .
Christophe Sirodeau ( born Paris , 1970 ) is a French pianist and composer .
Michel Chiha ( 1891 - -1954 ) was a Lebanese banker , a politician , writer and journalist .
Hans Gerschwiler ( born 21 June 1920 ) is a Swiss former figure skater .
Sir Walter Morley Fletcher , KBE FRS ( 1873 - -1933 ) was a British physiologist and administrator .
Eric Boulter ( born 15 October 1952 ) is an Australian swimmer , athlete , and wheelchair basketball player , who won two medals at the 1972 Heidelberg Paralympics .
Richard Morecroft ( born 20 January 1956 ) is an English - born Australian television presenter and former host of the ABC News Sydney bulletin .
Leo Gregory ( born 22 November 1978 ) is an English film television actor .
Ole Skouboe ( born 6 September 1949 ) is a Danish former footballer and manager , and is currently working as president for Greek club Aris .
Chester Drescher ( 1982 - -2000 ) was a performing dog and Fran Drescher 's Pomeranian .
Huo Shilian ( Chinese : 霍士廉 ) ( April 1909 -- November 17 , 1996 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Efe Jerry Obode ( born 14 February 1989 ) is a Nigerian footballer , who currently plays for Thailand Premier League side Pattaya United .
Tina Rathborne ( born 1951 ) is American film director and screenwriter .
Sasha Lilley born 1975 is an English - born radio host , writer and journalist based in Oakland , California .
Dr. Tarek Ali Hassan ( Arabic : طارق على حسن ‎ , born 19 October 1937 in Cairo ) , is a professor of medicine and chief of endocrinology at Al - Azhar University in Cairo .
Keir O'Donnell ( born 8 November 1978 ) is an Australian - born American actor , best known for his roles in the comedy films Wedding Crashers and Paul Blart :
Wojciech Zaleski ( 1906 - 1961 ) was a Polish right - wing politician , co - founder of the National Radical Camp ( 1934 ) , and activist of Konfederacja Narodu .
Lieutenant Colonel Sir Charles George McDonald KCMG KBE KCSG FRCP FRACP ( 25 March 1892 -- 23 April 1970 ) was an Australian physician , army officer and academic .
John Franklin Grimsley ( 18 October 1925 -- June 8 , 2015 ) known as Jack Grimsley was an Australian musical director and composer who worked as the Musical Director at Network Ten between 1966 and 1988 .
Mark McQueen ( born 9 January 1970 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Margaret Ménégoz ( born Margit Katarina Baranyai , 21 April 1941 ) is a German - French film producer .
Billy Armstrong ( born 21 June 1943 , Coagh , County Tyrone , ) is an Ulster Unionist politician in Northern Ireland .
Steven Ellery ( born 22 August 1974 in Melbourne ) is a retired Australian racing driver known from V8 Supercars .
Nathaniel Pearce ( 14 February 1779 -- 12 August 1820 ) was an explorer who spent many years in Abyssinia ( present - day Ethiopia ) and wrote a journal of his experiences .
Abbie Eaton ( born 2 January 1992 ) is a racing driver from the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Birgit Sarrap ( née Õigemeel , born 24 September 1988 ) is an Estonian singer .
Charles S. T. Calder was born on 1 March 1891 in Forfar , and trained as an architect .
Barry McGee ( born 1966 in San Francisco ) is a painter and graffiti artist .
Rusty Goffe ( born 30 October 1948 ) is an English actor with dwarfism .
Nenad Maslovar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Масловар , born 20 February 1967 ) is a former Montenegrin football player .
Mulatu Astatke ( born on 19 December 1943 ; surname sometimes spelled Astatqé on French - language releases , and ሙላቱ አስታጥቄ in his native Amharic ) is an Ethiopian musician and arranger best known as the father of Ethio - jazz .
Raymond Piper HRUA HRHA MUniv ( 1923 - 2007 ) was a botanist and artist born in London and at the age of six moved to Belfast .
Dame Anne Loughlin , DBE ( 28 June 1894 -- 14 July 1979 ) was a British labour activist and organiser .
Rebin Shah ( born 4 October 1988 ) better known by his stage name Rebstar , is a Swedish recording artist and entrepreneur .
James Westmoreland , ( born 24 June 1988 , at Wyton , East Yorkshire ) , also known as ' Westy ' , from Hedon , Hull , East Riding of Yorkshire , is an English motorcycle racer .
Benjamin Boretz ( 3 October 1934 ) is an American composer and music theorist .
Arko Pravo Mukherjee was born on 19 May 1983 to Dr. Apurba Kumar Mukherjee & Mrs. Mahasweta Mukherjee in Kolkata , West Bengal .
William Berkeley Lewis ( 1784 - November 12 , 1866 ) was born in Loudoun County , Virginia , and later moved near Nashville , Tennessee , in 1809 .
María Noel Genovese Berisso ( born 25 December 1943 in Montevideo ) , better known for her stage name María Noel , is a former Uruguayan model and actress .
Wu Jieping ( simplified Chinese : 吴阶平 ; traditional Chinese : 吳階平 ; pinyin : Wú Jiēpíng ; 22 January 1917 -- 2 March 2011 ) was a Chinese politician and medical scientist .
Andrej Rozman ( a.k.a . Roza , born 25 May 1955 ) is a Slovene poet , writer , actor , and street theatre producer .
Minyekyawswa ( Burmese : မင်းရဲကျော်စွာ , pronounced : ( mɪ́ɴjɛ́ tɕɔ̀zwà ) ; 1391 - -1417 ) was crown prince of Ava from 1406 to 1417 , and commander - in - chief of Ava 's military from 1409 to 1417 .
Shaukat Galiev ( full name Shaukat Galievich Idiyatullin , Tatar : Шәүкәт Галиулла улы Һидиятуллин , Şəwkət Ğali uğlı Hidiətullin ; Russian : Шаукат Галиевич Идиятуллин ) 20 November 1928 -- 7 May 2011 He was a renowned Tatar poet , writer , and a publisher , widely known for his children books .
N. K. Sukumaran Nair ( born 6 June 1942 ) is an acclaimed Environmental Activist and General secretary of Pampa Samrakshana Samithi ( PSS ) .
Alajos Gáspár ( Slovene : Alojz Gašpar ) ( 1848 -- September 22 , 1919 ) was a Hungarian Slovene writer .
Pavel Ponomaryov ( Russian : Павел Пономарёв ) ( born 30 January 1980 in Leningrad ) is a Russian actor and musician residing in Estonia .
Lorna Byrne ( born 25 March 1953 ) is an Irish author and peace ambassador .
Betty Boothroyd , Baroness Boothroyd OM PC ( born 8 October 1929 ) is a British politician , who served as a Labour Member of Parliament ( MP ) for West Bromwich and West Bromwich West from 1973 to 1992 .
Martin Giroux ( born 23 May 1979 ) is a Canadian pop singer who sings in French .
QBoy ( born Marcos Jose Brito on 10 October 1978 ) is a UK - based rapper , producer , DJ , writer and presenter .
Joëlle Kapompolé ( born 23 December 1971 in Kolwezi , Zaire ) is a Belgian politician and a member of the PS . She was a member of the Belgian Senate from 2004 to 2009 .
Andrew Dodt ( born 26 January 1986 ) is an Australian professional golfer who plays on the European , Asian and PGA Tour of Australasia Tours .
Ratu Meli Bainimarama ( 24 September 1945 -- 30 November 2015 ) was a Fijian civil servant , who served as Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of the Ministry of Fisheries and Forests .
Leonidas Kavakos ( Greek : Λεωνίδας Καβάκος ; born 30 October 1967 ) is a Greek violinist and conductor .
Sanjay Gadhvi ( born 22 November 1965 ) is an Indian writer and film director who is known for Dhoom series .
Herman Slater ( 1935 -- July 9 , 1992 ) was an American Wiccan high priest and occult - bookstore proprietor as well as an editor , publisher , and author .
Mark Bassey ( born , Sheffield , England , 1961 ) is a jazz trombonist , composer , arranger , educator and band leader .
Arieh Iserles ( born 2 September 1947 ) is a computational mathematician , currently Professor of the Numerical Analysis of Differential Equations at the University of Cambridge and a member of the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics .
Dalal Midhat - Talakić ( née Midhat ; born 5 August 1981 ) is a Bosnian singer .
Philippe Mahoux ( born 26 June 1944 ) , is a Belgian politician and a member of the Parti Socialiste .
Brendan McConville ( born 1965 ) is an author and professor of history at Boston University .
Harold Warp ( December 21 , 1903 -- April 9 , 1994 ) was an American businessman who invented Flex - O - Glass ® .
Tomáš Mičola ( born 26 September 1988 ) is a Czech football player who currently plays for SK Slavia Praha in the Gambrinus liga .
Kim Lucine ( born 16 September 1988 ) is a French figure skater who skates internationally for Monaco .
Oliver Wade Hall - Craggs ( born 9 January 1966 ) is a British rower and Olympic sculler .
Simon Lack ( 19 December 1913 -- 8 August 1980 ) was a Scottish actor , working mostly in England .
Yvonne Constant ( born 15 June 1935 on the left bank of Paris ) began her career as a ballet dancer but later she made the transition to a musical comedy performer .
Isaac Milles or Mills ( 19 September 1638 -- 6 July 1720 ) was an English cleric , often described as the model parish priest of that day .
Frank Woodley ( born Frank Wood , 29 February 1968 ) is an Australian comedian and author who is best known for his work alongside Colin Lane as part of the comedic duo , Lano and Woodley .
William Cooper Procter ( 1862 -- May 2 , 1934 ) was the grandson of William Procter , the co - founder of Procter & Gamble Company .
Elizabeth MacLennan ( 16 March 1938 -- 23 June 2015 ) was a Scottish actress , writer and radical popular theatre practitioner .
Greg Mitchell ( born 1947 ) is an American author and journalist who has written twelve non - fiction books on United States politics and history of the 20th and 21st centuries .
Robert da Silva Almeida , best known as Robert ( born 3 April 1971 ) is a Brazilian former football player .
Roque Germán Olsen Fontana commonly known as Roque Olsen ( 9 September 1925 -- 15 June 1992 ) was an Argentine football player and manager .
Mixmaster Morris ( born Morris Gould , 30 December 1965 ) is an English ambient DJ and underground musician .
Indrani Bose ( born 1951 ) is an Indian physicist , senior Professor at Department of Physics , Bose Institute , Kolkata .
James M. Freeman ( born 1936 ) is an American anthropologist , and professor at San Jose State University .
Zhu Junyi ( Chinese : 祝均一 ) ( b. February 1951 in Haining City , Zhejiang province ) was a government official in Shanghai , China .
George Opdyke ( 1805 -- June 12 , 1880 ) as an entrepreneur and the 76th Mayor of New York City ( 1862 to 1863 ) during the American Civil War .
Radoslav Kirilov ( Bulgarian : Радослав Кирилов ; born 29 June 1992 in Simitli ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian side Südtirol on loan from Chievo Verona .
Corinna Ulcigrai ( born 3 January 1980 , Trieste ) is an Italian mathematician working on dynamical systems .
David Seage ( born 29 November 1979 ) is an Australian rugby league player who currently plays for the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in the Queensland Cup .
Enda Walsh ( born 1967 ) is an Irish playwright .
Wim Hofkens ( born 27 March 1958 ) is a former football player who played five games for the Dutch national side .
Chantal Quesnel ( sometimes credited as Chantal Quesnelle , born 1971 ) is a Canadian actress .
İdris Bal ( born 25 April 1968 in Altıntaş Kütahya ) is a Turkish politician and academic who led the Democratic Progress Party ( DGP ) between 4 November 2014 and 31 March 2015 .
Andreas Strüngmann ( born 1950 ) was born in Germany and founded generic drug maker Hexal AG ( $ 1.6 billion sales during 2004 ) in 1986 .
Semih Tufan Gülaltay ( born 1968 , in Kars ) is the founder of the militant Turkish Revenge Brigade , and the National Unity Party ( Turkish : Ulusal Birlik Partisi ) .
Lisa Rands is an American rock climber born in 1975 .
Lucius Caecilius Firmianus Lactantius was an early Christian author ( c. 250 -- c. 325 ) who became an advisor to the first Christian Roman emperor , Constantine I , guiding his religious policy as it developed , and a tutor to his son .
Reinhold Joest ( also spelt Reinhold Jöst , born 24 April 1937 ) is a former German race car driver and current team owner .
Arthur Bunster ( 1827 -- October 8 , 1891 ) was a Canadian entrepreneur and Member of Parliament .
Adam Frizzell ( born 21 February 1998 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Kilmarnock in the Scottish Premiership as an attacking midfielder or winger .
René van Eck ( born 18 February 1966 ) is a former Dutch footballer which latest job was being the manager of Dutch Eerste Divisie side FC Den Bosch .
Alexandre Bondar ( Russian : Александр Бондарь ; born 21 September 1972 ) is a Russian writer and novelist , `` literary remake '' genre founder .
Jack Whitfield ( 23 March 1892 -- 26 December 1927 ) was a Welsh international rugby union hooker who played club rugby for Newport and club rugby for Monmouthshire .
Steve Supresencia ( born 1980 ) is a Filipino football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA .
Garrison Hawk ( also known as `` Hawkman , '' born 23 October 1978 ) is a Jamaican singer and dancehall artist .
Wen Chih - hao ( born 25 March 1993 ) is a Taiwanese football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Beijing Enterprises Group F.C.
Ebru Umar ( born 20 May 1970 ) is a Dutch columnist of Kurdish descent .
Lars Moe ( born 30 April 1951 ) is a Norwegian veterinarian .
Renato Chisso ( Quarto d'Altino , 28 July 1954 ) is an Italian politician from Veneto .
Malcolm Harwood ( born 1938 in Oxford ) is an English professional poker player who learnt how to play whilst doing his National Service .
Stefan Gandler ( born 1964 in Munich ) is a philosopher and social scientist .
Peidong Yang ( b. 1971 ) is a Chinese - born American chemist and material scientist .
Cheryl Donegan ( born 1962 ) is an American conceptual artist .
Andrew Donlevy ( b. in 1694 , probably in Sligo , Ireland ; date and place of death uncertain ) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and educator .
Martin Novoselac ( born 10 November 1950 in SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Croatian footballer known best for his solid defensive skills in clubs throughout Europe .
Přemysl Švarc ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpr̝̊ɛmɪsl̩ ˈʃvarts ) ; born 27 March 1985 ) is a Czech triathlete .
Ousainou Darboe ( born 8 August 1948 ) is a Gambian human rights lawyer and politician .
Dennis Östlundh ( born 30 August 1977 ) is a Swedish footballer who has been playing as a member of the Assyriska Föreningen football club in the Superettan .
Zhang Tielin ( born 15 June 1957 ) is a Chinese - born British actor and occasional film director .
Daniel Baradza ( born c. 1973 ) is a sculptor from Mutare , Zimbabwe .
Ciarán Carey ( born 16 January 1970 ) is an Irish hurling selector and player .
Dwane Husbands ( born 24 July 1985 ) is a Barbadian singer who is best known for being featured on the Rihanna song Dem Haters , thus appearing on her 2006 second album A Girl like Me .
Coralee Elliott Testar UE ( born February 1946 in Prince Edward Island ) is a Vancouver based Producer and Screenwriter .
Jasmin Dizdar ( born 8 June 1961 ) is a British - Bosnian film director , screenwriter and author best known for his multi - award winning feature film Beautiful People and his World War Two thriller Chosen starring Harvey Keitel .
Abraham Neyman ( born June 14 , 1949 , Israel ) is an Israeli mathematician and game theorist , Professor of Mathematics at the Federmann Center for the Study of Rationality and the Einstein Institute of Mathematics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel .
Duchess Donata of Mecklenburg ( born 11 March 1956 ) is the senior member of the House of Mecklenburg - Schwerin .
Abdalla Eltayeb ( 2 June 1921 -19 June 2003 ) was a prominent Sudanese scholar of the Arabic language .
Steven M. Wise ( born 1952 ) is an American legal scholar who specializes in animal protection issues , primatology , and animal intelligence .
Geoff Ablett ( born 13 March 1955 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1970s and 80s .
Gennaro Troianiello ( or spells as Troianello ) ( born 21 March 1983 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Serie B club Ternana on loan from Salernitana .
Edward C. Stringer ( born 1935 ) is a retired Associate Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court .
Alexander Zakin ( 22 January 1903 -- 16 October 1990 ) was a Russian - born pianist , best known for being the accompanist of the violinist Isaac Stern between 1940 and 1977 .
Ibrahim of Ghazna ( 1033 - -1099 ) , was sultan of the Ghaznavid empire from April 1059 until his death in 1099 .
Will Jacobs ( born 1955 ) is an American comics and humor writer .
Romola de Pulszky ( or Romola Pulszky ) , ( married name Nijinsky ; February 20 , 1891 -- June 8 , 1978 ) , was a Hungarian aristocrat , the daughter of a politician and an actress .
Cathy Kelly ( born 12 September 1966 ) is an Irish former journalist and writer of women 's fiction since 1997 .
Muhammad Bayazid Sarker ( born 1 January 1971 ) is a Bangladeshi economic researcher and central banker .
Carl Ludwig Sahl ( 8 January 1840 -- 1 April 1897 ) was a German businessman and diplomat who lived in the British Colony of New South Wales for 25 years until his death , and served as the German Consul in Sydney as well as the Special Commercial Agent of the Kingdom of Fiji in Sydney .
Lothar Baumgarten ( born 1944 ) is a German conceptual artist , based in New York and Berlin .
Maya Hakvoort ( born 19 September 1966 in Nijmegen ) is a Dutch musical actress .
Peter Andrew Jones ( born 14 December 1951 ) is a British artist and illustrator who has produced a large number of fantasy and science fiction genre illustrations .
Jakub Wejher ( or Weyher , German Jakob Weiher ) ( 1609 -- 1657 ) , was a member of the Polish line of the Weyher family , a Count of the Holy Roman Empire and member of the Polish--
Junior Osborne ( born 12 February 1988 in Watford ) is a former English footballer who played as a full back or as a centre back .
Pierre Canivet ( 1890 - -1982 ) was a French curler and tennis player .
Kim Alcheon ( 577 ~ after 654 ) was a member of the Silla royal family .
Ibrahim Diaw or Ibrahima Diaw ( born 28 November 1979 in Poissy ) is a French - born Senegalese handballer who plays for CS Dinamo Bucureşti in the Romanian Liga Naţională and the Senegalese national team .
Marzena Godecki ( born 28 September 1978 ) is a Polish - born Australian actress .
Raphael Bronstein ( 1895 -- November 4 , 1988 ) was a violinist and violin professor .
Sir Mark Prescott , 3rd Baronet ( born 1948 ) is a race horse trainer with over 1300 winners to his name .
Fabrizio Savelli ( 1607 - 26 February 1659 ) was an Italian military leader , commander of papal troops and , later , a Catholic Cardinal .
Cynthia Maddox ( born 1941 ) is an American model who is best known for appearing on the cover of Playboy magazine five times in the early to mid-1960s , though she was never a playmate .
Øystein Dahle ( born 18 March 1938 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and organizational leader .
Léonard Andjembé ( born 1 January 1948 ) is a Gabonese politician and professor .
Jan van Noordt ( 1623 , Amsterdam -- 1681 , Amsterdam ? ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Steijn Schothorst ( 14 October 1994 ) is a Dutch racing driver .
Adwoa Yamoah ( born 1988 ) is a beauty pageant contestant who placed 1st runner - up at Miss Universe Canada 2012 and represented Canada in the Miss Universe 2012 pageant after the winner Sahar Biniaz allegedly hurt her foot a few days before the pageant was about to start .
Percy Jocelyn ( 29 November 1764 -- 3 September 1843 ) was Anglican Bishop of Clogher in the Church of Ireland from 1820 to 1822 .
Graham Roos FRSA ( born 1966 , Sheffield , UK ) is a producer , writer and performer .
Chandralekha Perera ( Sinhalese : චන්ද්‍රලේකා පෙරේරා ) ( born 1 December 1961 ) , is a popular Sri Lankan pop singer .
Mitko Chavkov ( Macedonian : Митко Чавков ; born 24 January 1963 ) is a former Interior Minister of Macedonia .
Mehdi Ghazanfari ( Persian : مهدی غضنفری , born 16 November 1960 ) is an Iranian politician who was Minister of Industries and Business from 3 August 2011 to 15 August 2013 and Minister of Commerce in the second cabinet of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad from 9 August 2009 to 3 August 2011 .
Jiang Weilie ( Chinese : 蒋伟烈 ; born November 1955 ) is a vice - admiral ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Navy ( PLAN ) of China .
Zhang Cuiping ( Chinese : 张翠平 ; pinyin : Zhāng Cuìpíng ; born 23 September 1987 ) is a Chinese sport shooter .
Philip Peyala ( born 15 July 1937 ) , popularly known as Philip Sabu is a former Zambian goalkeeper .
Niall FitzGerald , KBE ( born 13 September 1945 ) is an Irish businessman .
Jill Robb ( b 1934 ) is an English - born film producer and executive who worked mostly in Australia .
( Elsie ) Helen Knight ( née Weil , 24 November 1899 -- 1984 ) was a British philosopher .
Onur Capin ( born 10 July 1996 ) is a Turkish - German footballer who plays for Werder Bremen II in the 3 .
Talkhon Hamzavi ( Persian : تلخون حمزوی‎ , born 1979 ) is an Iranian - Swiss film director and screenwriter .
Sarah Deutsch ( born 1961 ) is an American attorney who currently serves as vice president and associate general counsel of the telecommunications company Verizon Communications .
Basil Moss ( born 25 May 1935 ) is a British character actor , who featured regularly on television in the 1960s and on radio in the 1970s .
Eugène Hénaff ( 30 October 1904 -- 28 October 1966 ) was a French cement worker , Communist , trade union leader and member of the French Resistance during World War II ( 1939 - -45 ) .
Lisa Beznosiuk ( born 20 August 1956 in Sheffield ) is an English flautist of Ukrainian and Irish descent , specialising in period performance of baroque and classical music on historical flutes .
Ning Xiankui ( Chinese : 寧 憲奎 ; born 19 May 1967 ) is a Chinese fencer .
George Peard ( 1594 - -1645 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1640 to 1645 .
Juan Ruiz ( ca . 1283 -- ca . 1350 ) , known as the Archpriest of Hita ( Arcipreste de Hita ) , was a medieval Castilian poet .
Samuel Blommaert ( Bloemaert , Blommaerts , Blommaart , Blomert , etc . ) ( Antwerp , 11 ( or 21 ) August 1583 , -- Amsterdam , 23 December 1651 , ) was a Flemish / Dutch merchant and director of the Dutch West India Company from 1622 to 1629 and again from 1636 to 1642 .
Josie Cotton ( born 1956 ) is an American singer / songwriter , best known for `` Johnny Are You Queer ? '' and `` He Could Be the One '' from 1982 .
John or Johane Maranke ( Johane Marange ) ( 1912 - 1963 ) was a Zimbabwean Christian leader , prophet , and founder of the African Apostolic Church of John Maranke .
Louis Longridge ( born 5 July 1991 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Raith Rovers , on loan from Hamilton Academical , as a winger and striker .
Stieg Hedlund ( born 1965 ) is a computer and video game designer , artist , and writer with over 25 years of experience who has worked on more than 30 games in the video game industry .
Mark Malamud ( born 1960 ) is the Principal and Manager of Busymonster LLC , a consultancy company focused on advanced user interface and design .
Lynn Daucher ( born 1946 ) is a United States politician who was a Republican California State Assemblywoman from Orange County from 2000 until 2006 when she was term limited .
Muhammad Abdul Bari , MBE FRSA ( Bengali : মুহাম্মাদ আব্দুল বারি ; born 2 October 1953 ) , is a Bangladeshi - born British physicist , scholar , writer , teacher , community leader and the current secretary of Muslim Aid , who is widely regarded as one of the most powerful Asians and Muslims in Western Europe .
Gunda Niemann - Stirnemann ( née Kleemann , born 7 September 1966 ) is a former German speed skater .
Frank J. Coyne ( born in Scranton , Pennsylvania in 1948 ) is Chairman , former President , and former Chief Executive Officer of Verisk Analytics and its subsidiary , Insurance Services Office ( ISO ) .
Joe Letteri , ONZM ( born 1957 ) is a senior visual effects artist , winner of four Academy awards , four BAFTA awards and four VES awards .
Robert Cheeseman or Cheseman ( 1485 - -1547 ) was an English politician .
Alf Harvey ( born c. 1854 ) was an English footballer who made one appearance for England as a full back in 1881 .
Karol Olgierd Borchardt ( 25 March 1905 -- 20 May 1986 ) was a Polish writer and captain of the Polish Merchant Marine .
Kōryū Tadaharu ( 光龍 忠晴 , born 4 February 1984 ) is a Mongolian former sumo wrestler from Ulan Bator .
Emile Lamm ( 24 November 1834 -- 12 July 1873 in New Orleans ) was a French - born American inventor and dentist .
Marco Villagatti ( born 15 May 1983 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Arezzo of the third division .
Nabil Sawalha is a Jordanian comedian , born near the city of Madaba in 1941 .
Carlos Manuel Hoo Ramírez ( born 15 October 1978 ) , commonly referred to by his alias El Cóndor , is a former Mexican Armed Forces commando and imprisoned high - ranking member of the Sinaloa Cartel , a drug trafficking organization .
Augusta Lundin ( 13 June 1840 in Kristianstad -- 20 February 1919 ) , was a Swedish fashion designer .
Taha El Sherif Ben Amer(June 1936 - March 6 , 1978 ) was a Libyan engineer and politician .
Philip S. Porter ( 1925 -- August 7 , 2011 ) was a martial artist in the United States .
Mohammed Khursheed Hussain(born 6 December 1990 in Hyderabad , India ) is a World Champion Typist holding two Guinness World Records for the titles ' fastest time to type the alphabet ' and ' Fastest time to type using the nose ' Khursheed Hussain recently break another Guinness World Record using his nose in 47.44 seconds
Antonino Arconte ( born February 1954 ) is an Italian writer and former secret agent .
Li Ling Fung ( Chinese : 李靈峰 ; Jyutping : lei5 ling4 fung1 , born 3 January 1986 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong professional football player played for Hong Kong First Division League side TSW Pegasus .
Karen Dotrice ( /doʊˈtriːs/ doh - TREESE ; born 9 November 1955 ) is a British former child actress , known primarily for her role as Jane Banks in Walt Disney 's feature film adaptation of the Mary Poppins book series .
Inger Helene Nybråten ( born 8 December 1960 in Fagernes , Oppland ) is a former Norwegian Cross - country skier who competed in the 1980s and 1990s .
Lew Byong - hyun ( born 18 October 1924 ) is a retired South Korean general and diplomat .
Joseph W. Greig ( 1895 - -1977 ) was an American geochemist and physical chemist , a pioneer in high temperature phase equilibria and immiscibility investigations of oxides and sulfides .
Cyril Delevanti ( 23 February 1889 -- 13 December 1975 ) , sometimes credited as Syril Delevanti , was an English - born character actor with a long career in American films .
Hans Arnold Rothholz ( 1919 -- 2000 ) was a poster designer and graphic artist born in Dresden , Germany who immigrated to Britain in 1933 .
Sarah Perrotta ( born 1979 , United States ) is a Hudson Valley based singer , songwriter and pianist .
Manohar Rajaram Chhabria ( 1946 -- April 6 , 2002 ) , commonly known as Manu Chhabria was an Indian businessman based in Dubai , and the owner of the $ 2.5 billion transnational conglomerate , Jumbo Group .
Willie Fung ( 3 March 1896 -- April 16 , 1945 ) was a Chinese film actor who played supporting roles in 125 American films between 1922 and 1944 .
Maria Mironova ( Russian : Мария Андреевна Миронова ; born 28 May 1973 ) is a Soviet and Russian actress .
Sergio Edelsztein was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina in 1956 and studied at the Tel Aviv University from 1976 - 85 .
Elizabeth Horrocks ( born 3 May 1946 ) is an author and winner of the BBC Mastermind .
Jorge Rivera López ( born 19 March 1934 ) is an Argentine actor of television and film .
George Peter Michael Varah ( 19 October 1944 -- 2 April 2007 ) was a British international middle - distance runner and later a Chief Probation Officer .
Lloyd Schermer ( born 1927 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American businessman and artist .
Éamonn Kelly ( born 1968 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a full - forward for the Tipperary junior hurling team .
Quincy Detenamo ( born 8 March 1979 ) was an Olympic weightlifter who was found guilty of manslaughter in Australia .
Lucien Bia ( 1852 - August 30 , 1892 ) was a Belgian soldier and explorer of the Congo .
Armon Ben - Naim ( Hebrew : ארמון בן - נעים‎ ; born 6 February 1990 ) is an Israeli professional association football player and current under-19 international .
Borys Lankosz ( born 31 March 1973 in Cracow ) - Polish film director .
John Durnan ( born 11 July 1957 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Trevor Gillmeister ( born 13 March 1964 in Brisbane , Queensland ) is an Australian former rugby league player who is currently signed on as an assistant coach at the Gold Coast Titans .
Indravarman V , Harideva , or Jaya Simhavarman , was a king of Champa whose reign began in 1257 when he assassinated his uncle Jaya Indravarman VI , but waited until 1266 for his coronation .
Jean Kerléo ( born 24 February 1932 ) is a French perfumer who worked in - house of Jean Patou and is also the founder of the Osmothèque , a scent archive in Versailles .
Budhaditya Mukherjee ( born 1955 ) is a Hindustani classical sitar and surbahar player of the Imdadkhani Gharana ( school ) .
Harel Skaat ( Hebrew : הראל סקעת‎ , born 8 August 1981 ) is an Israeli singer and songwriter .
Naftali Nilsen ( 1890 -- ? ? ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Labour Party .
Bradford Gray Telford ( born 1968 El Paso , Texas ) is an American poet , and translator .
Gershon Shafat ( Hebrew : גרשון שפט‎ , born 6 December 1927 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Tehiya during the mid--1980s and early 1990s .
Walter Shaw Sparrow ( 1862 - -1940 ) was a British writer on art and architecture with a special interest in British sporting artists .
Vasilis Dimitriadis ( Greek : Βασίλης Δημητριάδης ; born 1 February 1966 ) is a Greek former footballer , who played at both professional international levels as a striker .
Chen Kuiyuan ( simplified Chinese : 陈奎元 ; traditional Chinese : 陳奎元 ; pinyin : Chén Kuíyuán ; born January 1941 ) is a former Chinese politician .
Dylan Rice ( born 1976 ) is a Chicago - based singer - songwriter and guitarist , who grew up in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Thomas Regnaudin ( baptised 18 February 1622 -- 3 July 1706 ) was a French sculptor , affiliated with Northern Baroque .
Richard P. Lifton ( born 1953 ) is an American biochemist , and the Sterling Professor of Genetics and Internal Medicine , at the Yale University School of Medicine .
Gaby Brown is an Australian radio presenter , born in Sydney in February 1976 , best known for her work on the national youth broadcaster triple j. She started at the station in 1999 , presenting a variety of programs including popular chart show The Net 50 , and talk - back program `` The Chat Room '' .
Ed Marion ( 1927 -- 28 April 2008 ) was an American official in the National Football League .
Yu Dabao ( simplified Chinese : 于大宝 ; traditional Chinese : 于大寶 ; pinyin : Yú Dàbǎo ; born 18 April 1988 ) is a Chinese professional footballer who plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League .
Ján Šlahor ( born 16 May 1977 ) is a professional Slovak footballer that currently plays for Slovak club SV Ratzersdorf .
Rev. Robert Nicholl Carne ( né Robert Nicholl ) ( 13 April 1763 - 10 Nov. 1849 ) was a Welsh rector , landowner , and a magistrate and Deputy Lieutenant of Glamorgan .
Robert Matthew - Walker ( b. Lewisham , London , 23 July 1939 ) is an English writer , editor , marketer , producer , broadcaster and composer , mainly involved in classical music .
Bice Valori ( 13 May 1927 -- 17 May 1980 ) was an Italian actress , comedian and television and radio personality .
Ana Goñi ( born 19 April 1953 ) is a Venezuelan rally co - driver and motorsport personality .
Pierre Bellon ( born 24 January 1930 ) is a French businessman , the founder of Sodexo , a multinational food service and facilities management company .
Valentine Walter Bromley , who was born in 1848 , received his art education from his father , and at the early age of nineteen became an Associate of the Institute of Painters in Water - Colours .
Penny Downie ( born 1954 ) is an Australian actress , noted for her appearances on British television .
Jerome Morfaw ( born 20 February 1984 ) is a Cameroonian judoka who competes in the -100 kg category .
Robert Welsted ( 1671 - -1735 ) was an English physician and classical scholar .
Jean - Jacques Bréard ( October 1751- January 2 , 1840 ) was born into a family of a navy inspectors .
Cameron Sinclair ( born 16 November 1973 ) is the founder and principal designer for Small Works , a social impact design and development company which focuses on post - conflict reconstruction and for purpose projects .
Subir Ghosh ( born 1966 ) is an Indian journalist and author , whose works have appeared in print and online since 1991 .
Orlando Sardi de Lima ( born 15 August 1950 ) is the current Ambassador of Colombia to Spain with dual accreditation to the Colombian missions in Andorra , Algeria and Morocco .
Hugo Baldomero Medina Garza ( born 1958 ) is an imprisoned Mexican drug lord and former leader of the Gulf Cartel .
Andreas Bjelland ( born 11 July 1988 ) is a Danish professional football centre back , currently playing for Brentford .
Temtsiltu Shobtsood ( Mongolian : Шовчууд Тэмцэлт , born August 1956 ) or Temtselt Shobshuud , also known as his Chinese name Xi Haiming ( Chinese : 席海明 ) , is an ethnic Mongol activist who campaign for independence of `` Southern Mongolia '' ( aka Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of China ) .
Régis Lant ( aka Nornagest , born 10 June 1977 ) is a Belgian black metal vocalist and writer , best known for his vocal works with the Black Metal band Enthroned and Absu 's self - titled release .
Xuân Hồng ( Tây Ninh , 1928 - 1996 ) was a Vietnamese songwriter and singer .
Wayne Inouye ( born 1953 ) formerly served as Gateway 's president & CEO .
Augustine Courtauld ( 26 August 1904 -- 3 March 1959 ) , often called August Courtauld , was a yachtsman and British Arctic explorer , best known for serving as the solo meteorologist of a winter observation post , Icecap Station , located in the interior of Greenland in 1930 - 1931 .
Carroll Cook ( January 15 , 1855 -- ? ) was an attorney and judge for the Superior Court , in San Francisco , California , best known for the national attention drawn to some of his rulings in famous cases , several of which were upheld by the United States Supreme Court
Johnny Speight ( 2 June 1920 -- 5 July 1998 ) was a British television scriptwriter of many classic British sitcoms .
Bo Becker ( born 1971 ) is a Swedish economist , and Professor of Financial Economics at the Stockholm School of Economics , known for his work on rating , reputation and competition .
Basanta Bahadur Rana ( born 18 January 1984 in Chamkipur , Nepal ) is an Indian athlete who competes in racewalking .
He was born in Puebla , 2 April 1813 , the son of Lt . Col . José María Lafragua and Mariana de Ibarra and Veytia .
Yusuf Erdoğan ( born 7 August 1992 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a winger for Turkish club Trabzonspor .
Dean Barrett ( born 1942 , New London , Connecticut ) is an American novelist , mystery writer and playwright .
Lauren Chilvers ( born 22 April 1989 ) is an Australian association footballer currently playing for Australian W - League team Adelaide United .
Jean - Baptiste Rolland ( 2 January 1815 -- 22 March 1888 ) was a Canadian printer , bookseller , businessman , and politician .
Petar Berislavić ( or Péter Beriszló in Hungarian ) ( Trogir , 1475 -- May 20 , 1520 ) , a member of the Berislavići Trogirski noble family , was the ban ( viceroy ) of Croatia from 1513 to 1520 and also bishop of Veszprém .
Esat Teliti ( born 27 December 1950 in Kavajë ) is an Albanian filmmaker , producer and former actor .
Marijus Adomaitis ( born 19 January 1983 ) , better known by his stage names Ten Walls or Mario Basanov , is a Lithuanian producer who is best known for his 2014 single `` Walking with Elephants '' , which peaked at number 6 on the UK Singles Chart .
Jy Hitchcox ( born 18 August 1989 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Castleford Tigers in the Super League .
Donni 1 ( born 1 July 1969 ) is an Australian club and radio DJ , record producer , and entertainment director .
Tatiana Kutlíková ( born 27 September 1972 ) was a Slovak former cross - country skier and biathlete .
Bento Teixeira ( 1561 ? -- 1618 ? ) was a Portuguese poet .
Willy Mitchell ( born Percy Williams ; 1953 ) is a Canadian First Nations musician .
Frank Pingel ( born 9 May 1964 in Vejlby ) is a former Danish footballer who played in the striker position .
Allan Burnett ( born Glasgow , 12 January 1925 , died New Zealand , 10 October 2007 ) a Scottish anarchist activist .
Sheena Porter ( born 1935 ) is a British author of children 's novels .
Joseph Angus ( 16 January 1816 -- 28 August 1902 ) was an English Baptist minister , college head , and biblical scholar .
Rangeya Raghava ( रांगेय राघव ) ( 17 January 1923 -- 12 September 1962 ) , birth name Tirumalai Nambakam Vir Raghava Acharya , was born in Agra , a city of Uttar Pradesh state , India .
Carlos Victor Penna ( 1 October 1911 -- 21 February 1998 ) was an Argentinean library planner and organizer .
Robert Henry Southwell ( October 1745 -- 29 August 1817 ) , styled The Honourable from 1766 , was an Irish politician .
Alexander Ruttkay ( born 4 April 1941 ) is a Slovak archeologist and historian .
Sun Zhengcai ( Chinese : 孙政才 ; born September 1963 ) is a Chinese politician and senior regional official .
Karl , 12th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau ( German : Karl Maximilian Philipp Ivan Fürst Kinsky von Wchinitz und Tettau ; born 10 January 1967 ) is the current titular pretender Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau as well the head of the House of Kinsky .
Xu Jiao ( Chinese : 徐娇 ; born 5 August 1997 ) is a Chinese actress .
Kathrine Windfeld ( 21 August 1966 -- 6 February 2015 ) was a Danish film and television director .
Edward J. Zore ( born 1945 ) is the former president and CEO of Northwestern Mutual and current chairman .
Bratko Bibič ( born 1957 ) is a Slovenian accordionist .
Andrew C. Wilson , a judge , was born November 6 , 1816 , in Irving Township , Venango County , Pennsylvania .
Marcel Gaudart or Marc Gaudart ( 10 June 1913 - -2 July 1959 ) was a film director , producer , former Jesuit priest ( Licence Théologie ) and member of the French Resistance .
Joe Hilley ( born June 1956 ) is a New York Times Best Selling author .
Antoni Leśniowski ( January 28 , 1867 - -April 4 , 1940 ) was a Polish surgeon , credited with publishing what may have been the earliest reports of the condition which later became known as Crohn 's disease .
Atina Grossmann ( born 4 November 1950 ) is a professor at The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art . Her research relates to transnational Jewish refugee stories `` Soviet Central Asia , Iran , and India :
Lubomír Kubica ( born 10 March 1979 ) is a Czech association footballer who last played for FC Tescoma Zlín in the Czech 2 .
Duchess Sophie of Prussia ( c. 31 March 1582 -- c. 24 November 1610 ) was a German princess of the Duchy of Prussia and a member of the House of Hohenzollern .
Kalanikauikaalaneo Kai Keōpūolani - Ahu - i - Kekai - Makuahine - a - Kama - Kalani - Kau - i - Kealaneo ( 1778 - -1823 ) was a queen consort of Hawaii and the highest ranking wife of King Kamehameha I.
Andrea Belotti ( born 20 December 1993 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Torino .
Võ Út Cường ( born 12 June 1990 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Midfielder for V - League club Hoang Anh Gia Lai .
Karin Schaupp ( born 1972 ) is a German - born Australian classical guitarist and actress .
Francesco Mondada ( born 17 March 1967 ) is a Swiss professor in artificial intelligence and robotics .
Png Eng Huat ( simplified Chinese : 方荣发 ; traditional Chinese : 方榮發 ; pinyin : Fāng Róngfā ; born 9 December 1961 ) is a Singaporean politician and businessman .
Robert Marshall Root ( 1863 - -1937 ) , was a well - known Midwestern tonalist and impressionist artist .
Françoise Massardier - Kenney ( born 1954 ) is an American translator and translation scholar .
Gaston Bastiaens ( born 16 December 1946 Westerlo ( Belgium ) ) is a Belgian engineer and businessman .
Michael Galinsky ( born 1969 ) is an American filmmaker , cinematographer , photographer , and musician who has produced and directed a number of documentaries , several of them in collaboration with his now - wife , Suki Hawley .
Travis Johnstone ( born 17 July 1980 ) is an Australian rules footballer who has played for the Melbourne Football Club and Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Boo Junfeng ( Chinese : 巫俊锋 ; pinyin : wū jùn fēng ; born 4 December 1983 ) is a Singaporean filmmaker .
Mathias Röthenmund ( born 22 October 1974 ) is a Swiss slalom canoer who competed in the 1990s and 2000s .
Mason Phelps Jr ( 1949 ) is an American equestrian rider , founder of Phelps Media Group , and former Olympian .
Robert Bowyer II ( by 1529 - 1567/1568 ) , of the Middle Temple , London and Chichester , Sussex , was an English politician .
Princess Alexandra of Hanover ( Alexandra Charlotte Ulrike Maryam Virginia ; born 20 July 1999 ) is the only child of Princess Caroline of Monaco and Prince Ernst August , heir to the throne of the defunct Kingdom of Hanover .
Terje Breivik ( born 24 March 1965 ) is a Norwegian politician and entrepreneur .
An Jung - sik ( 안중식 , 1861 - 1919 ) , pen name Simjeon 심전 , was an artist who lived at the very end of the Joseon period .
Ephraim of Bonn ( 1132 - -1200 ) was a Jewish writer who documented the massacre of the Jews in the city of York in 1190 .
Stefano Anzi ( born 21 May 1949 ) is a retired Italian alpine skier who specialized in the downhill event .
Giucas Casella ( born 15 November 1949 ) is an Italian illusionist , hypnotist and television personality .
Daniela Marina Elisabeth Klein ( born 10 July 1979 ) , known by her stage name Damae , is a German TV presenter and singer - songwriter who debuted as a vocalist on the Fragma track `` You Are Alive '' .
Fiona Phillips ( born 1 January 1961 ) is an English journalist , broadcaster and television presenter , best known for her presenting roles with the ITV Breakfast programme GMTV .
Thet Win Aung ( သက်ဝင်းအောင် ( θɛʔ wɪ́ɴ àʊɴ ) ; 27 August 1971 -- 16 October 2006 ) was a Burmese student activist .
Jaap van Lagen ( born 22 December 1976 in Ede ) is a Dutch racing driver , who is a former competitor in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series and a former Eurocup Megane Trophy champion .
John Brignon , S.J. ( 1629 -- June 12 , 1712 ) was a translator of religious works into French .
Hannu Koponen ( born 8 November 1959 in Kaavi ) is a Finnish ski - orienteering competitor and world champion .
Ahmed Hassan Taleb ( born 29 March 1980 ) is a Bahraini footballer how play as midfielder .
Nil Abarbanel ( Hebrew : ניל אברבאנל‎ ; born 19 June 1987 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Maccabi Yavne .
Charles E. Fairman ( 28 December 1856 -- 27 December 1934 ) was an American physician who published in the field of mycology .
Sir Montague Shearman ( 7 April 1857 -- 6 January 1930 ) was an English judge and athlete .
Alec Kirkland ( born 26 August 1900 , date of death unknown ) was an Irish football player who played as a full back .
Richard L. Hauke ( 1930 - 2001 ) was a for many years a Professor of Botany at the University of Rhode Island in Kingston , Rhode Island .
Andrei Luzgin ( born 2 February 1973 ) is a tennis coach and former Estonian tennis player .
James Byng ( born 1985 ) is an English actor and vocalist .
Robert Mitford ( 1612 - -1674 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 .
Marinus Valentijn ( 21 October 1900 , Sint Willebrord - 3 November 1991 , Sint Willebrord ) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer .
Sir Anthony Paulet ( 1562 - -1600 ) of Hinton St George , Somerset , was Governor of Jersey from 1588 until his death in 1600 .
Michael J. Kowalski ( born 1952 ) is an American businessman , the former chairman and CEO of Tiffany & Co. , the American jewelry retailer .
Walter Bruyninckx ( pronounced Brer - ninks ; born 27 August 1932 ) is a Belgian jazz discographer , musicologist , jazz historian , author , and journalist .
Richard Asplin ( born 1972 , in London , England ) is an English novelist working in the crime and comic novel genres .
Shantha Roberts ( born May 1982 ) is a former MTV presenter .
Matthew Stewart , 4th Earl of Lennox ( 21 September 1516 -- 4 September 1571 ) was the 4th Earl of Lennox , and leader of the Catholic nobility in Scotland .
Charles Newland Godfrey Jadis ( 6 November 1730 -- March 1801 ) was a naval officer , army officer , and merchant in Canada .
John Emmeus Davis ( born 1949 ) is a scholar , writer , teacher and community organizer who has advanced the understanding and development of community land trusts in the United States , Great Britain , Australia , and Belgium .
David Mayer de Rothschild ( born 25 August 1978 ) is a British adventurer , ecologist , and environmentalist and head of Sculpt the Future Foundation , a charity that supports innovations and creativity in social and environmental impact efforts .
Steve Hywood ( born 31 May 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ahn Hyun - beom ( Hangul : 안현범 ; Hanja : 安鉉範 ; born 21 December 1994)is a South Korean football Forward who plays for Jeju United in K League Classic .
Floella Benjamin , Baroness Benjamin , OBE DL ( born 23 September 1949 ) is a Trinidadian - British actress , author , television presenter , singer , businesswoman and politician .
Sarah Wylie ( born 1989 ) is a Canadian writer of young adult novels .
Claes - Ulrik Winberg ( 23 September 1925 -- 31 May 1989 ) was a Swedish industrialist and business executive .
Jim Cheung ( born 1972 ) is a British comic book artist , known for his work on the series such as Scion , New Avengers :
Krishna Dharma ( born 1955 in London ) is a British Hindu scholar and author .
Anthony Brandon Wong ( born 12 May 1965 ) , often credited simply as Anthony Wong , is an Australian actor .
Jonathan Christie ( born 9 July 1983 in Glasgow ) is a field hockey player from Scotland , playing as a forward .
Julie Dabrusin ( born 1971 ) is a Canadian Liberal politician , who was elected to represent the riding of Toronto--
Jack Condy ( born 1 December 1994 ) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Scarlets regional team as a Number 8 .
Steven Reid Williams ( born March 1976 ) is an English pianist and singer - songwriter born in Bristol , England .
Professor Asaf Savaş Akat ( born 3 February 1943 ) is a Turkish economist and academic .
Clifford H. Baldowski ( 1917 - -1999 ) was an editorial cartoonist for the Augusta Chronicle , Miami Herald , and Atlanta Constitution who drew thousands of editorial cartoons under the name `` Baldy '' .
Joanna Manning ( born 1943 ) is a feminist activist and former Roman Catholic nun currently living in Canada .
Prince Alexander Chavchavadze ( Georgian : ალექსანდრე ჭავჭავაძე ; Russian : Александр Чавчавадзе ) ( 1786 -- November 6 , 1846 ) was a notable Georgian poet , public benefactor and military figure .
Cesare Maria De Vecchi , 1st Conte di Val Cismon ( 14 November 1884 - June 23 , 1959 ) was an Italian general , colonial administrator and Fascist politician .
Vassos Shiarly ( Greek : Βάσος Σιαρλή ( locally ( ˈvasos ʃaɾˈli ) ) ; born 1948 ) is a British Cypriot banker and politician .
Jake Foster ( born 5 October 1988 ) is a rugby league footballer who currently plays for Eastern Suburbs Tigers in the Queensland Cup .
Goran Slavkovski ( Macedonian : Горан Славковски ) ( born 8 April 1989 ) is a Macedonian--
Ivone Gebara ( born 1944 ) is a Brazilian Catholic nun , philosopher , and feminist theologian .
Bethan Huws ( born 1961 ) is a Welsh artist who won the B.A.C.A. Europe 2006 award given by the Bonnefantenmuseum in Maastricht .
Charles Isaac Mungo Dibdin ( 27 October 1768 -- 15 January 1833 ) , or Charles Pitt or Charles Dibdin the younger , as he was professionally known , was an English dramatist , composer , writer and theatre proprietor .
Ilan Shor ( or Șor ; born 6 March 1987 ) is a Moldovan businessman .
Louise English ( born 1962 , ) is an English actress with many roles in West End plays and nationally touring musical theatre productions who was a regular performer on the The Benny Hill Show from 1978 to 1986 , as one of Benny 's Angels .
Ivor Spencer - Thomas ( 11 April 1907 -- 30 August 2001 ) was an inveterate inventor and improviser , in the forefront of developing agriculture and market gardening as a commercial enterprise .
Ava Muhammad ( born 1951 ) is an American Black Muslim .
John Derum ( born 9 January 1946 ) is an Australian stage , film and television actor .
Wouter Tebbens , ( born 6 May 1974 ) is a Dutch activist , researcher and social entrepreneur on Free Knowledge .
Sanjoy Sen ( born 12 December 1960 ) is a football manager who is currently managing Mohun Bagan in the I - League .
Egon Madsen ( born 24 August 1942 ) is a Danish ballet dancer , a former principal dancer with the Royal Ballet and Stuttgart Ballet , where he worked closely with the choreographer John Cranko .
Imre Finta ( 1911 - -2003 ) was the first person prosecuted under Canada 's war crimes legislation .
David Nachmias was born on 19 March 1966 in Bombay to a Greek family , but grew up in Athens .
Akshara Haasan ( born 12 October 1991 ) is an Indian film actress , screenwriter , assistant director , dancer who works primarily in Bollywood .
Andrea Bagnai ( born 2 April 1992 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian third division side Prato .
Mykkele Thompson ( born 1993 ) is an American football free safety for the New York Giants of the National Football League .
M. E. Mitchell ( born 28 June 1934 ) is an Irish botanist and writer .
Nicholas Charles Williams ( born 1961 ) is an English painter and draughtsman .
Antonio Virgilio Savona ( 21 December 1919 -- 27 August 2009 ) was an Italian composer , arranger , and singer in the Italian vocal group , the Quartetto Cetra .
Georges Bess ( born 1947 ) is a comics artist and comic book creator , best known for his collaborations with Alejandro Jodorowsky .
Hal V. Barron ( born 1962 ) is an American clinician - scientist and drug developer currently serving as president of research and development at Calico .
Stan Seymour ( 16 May 1895 -- 24 December 1978 ) was a footballer who played for Newcastle United .
Rubén Vallejos Gajardo ( born 20 May 1967 ) is a Chilean former footballer and manager .
Summer Wesley ( born 1981 in Choctaw ) is an attorney , writer , and activist from Oklahoma .
Cesáreo Onzari ( February , 1903 - January , 1964 ) was an Argentine footballer who played as a left winger .
Ruth Hart ( 1893 -- 2 May 1952 ) , was an American actress .
Nicola Lewis ( born 9 February 1977 ) was a Welsh netball player , playing in the positions of Goal Shooter and Goal Attack .
Jasmine Yeong - Nathan ( Simplified Chinese : 杨佳敏 , born 1988 ) is a Singaporean ten - pin bowler and reigning AMF Bowling World Cup ladies champion .
Edmund John Niemann ( 1813 - -1876 ) was a prolific and highly successful British landscape artist working mostly in oils .
Anthony Ashley Cooper , 4th Earl of Shaftesbury ( 9 February 1711 -- 27 May 1771 ) was a British peer and philanthropist , who served as one of the leading figures in the foundation of the colony of Georgia and as Lord Lieutenant of Dorset from 1734 until his death .
Daniel Raymond ( 1786 - -1849 ) was the first important political economist to appear in the United States .
Nevo Mizrahi ( Hebrew : נבו מזרחי‎ , born 26 July 1987 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Kfar Saba .
Hans von Borsody ( German : ( ˈboʁʒodi ) ; 20 September 1929 -- 4 November 2013 ) was a German film actor .
Major - General Guy Tousignant , CMM , CD ( born 1941 ) is a Canadian soldier .
Todros ben Judah Halevi Abulafia ( 1247 -- after 1300 ) was a Jewish poet who wrote primarily in Hebrew .
Lee Sung - jea ( Hangul : 이성제 , Korean pronunciation : ( iː.sʰʌŋ.dʑɛ ) ; born 1969 ) is a South Korean football manager and former player ,
Paolo Ignazio Maria Thaon di Revel ( 2 May 1888 -- 1 June 1973 ) was an Italian politician and fencer .
Mikhail Simonov ( 19 October 1929 -- 4 March 2011 ) was a Russian aircraft designer famed for creating the Sukhoi Su-27 fighter - bomber , the Soviet Union 's answer to the American F-15 Eagle .
Kelly Church , a fifth - generation basket weaver , was born in 1967 .
Suchen Christine Lim ( born 1948 ) was born in Ipoh , Federation of Malaya and had her early education at the Convent of the Holy Infant Jesus ( CHIJ ) in Penang and Kedah .
Abubakar Moro ( born 17 August 1991 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for FK Donji Srem in the Serbian SuperLiga
' Mohammed Ahmed Al Mahmood ' ( Arabic : محمد أحمد المحمود‎ , born 30 December 1950 in Al Ain , UAE ) was the extraordinary and authorized Ambassador of the United Arab Emirates to the Federal Republic of Germany from 2004 until 2012 , when he was succeeded by Juma Mubarak Al Junaibi
Morgan Weisser ( born 12 May 1971 ) is an American actor and the son of German born actor Norbert Weisser .
CJ Hopkins ( born 1961 ) is a contemporary American playwright .
Maurice Benedict de Worms ( 1805 - 1867 ) was an Austrian plantation owner in Ceylon .
Sir Richard Carnac Temple , 2nd Baronet CB , CIE ( 15 October 1850 -- 3 March 1931 ) was the British Chief Commissioner of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and an anthropological writer .
Emily Elizabeth Constance Jones ( 19 February 1848 -- 9 April 1922 ) was an English philosopher and educator .
Moritz Löw , astronomer ; born at Makó , Hungary , in 1841 ; died in Steglitz , Berlin , May 25 , 1900 ; studied at the universities of Leipzig and Vienna , and received his Ph.D. degree from the University of Budapest ( 1867 ) .
Syed Nazeer Husain ( 1805 - 1902 ) was a religious leader of India .
Wenceslaus Linck ( Wenceslau Linck ) ( 1736 -- after 1790 ) was the last of the outstanding Jesuit missionary - explorers in Baja California .
The English language publication Who 's Who in Burma published in 1961 by People 's Literature House , Rangoon , stated that Ne Win was born on 14 May 1911 .
William Sampson Handley MD , MS , FRCS ( 12 April 1872 -- 1962 ) was an English surgeon who influenced the development of cancer surgery .
Gerald Coates ( born 1944 ) is the founder of Pioneer , a Christian community established to `` develop new churches across the UK and engage in mission globally . ''
Varol Akman ( born 8 June 1957 , Antalya , Turkey ) is the Chairperson of the Department of Philosophy and Professor of Computer Engineering in Bilkent University , Ankara .
Archbishop Emeritus Joachim N'Dayen ( born 22 December 1934 , in Loko ) is a former Roman Catholic Archbishop in the Central African Republic .
Bryan Crimmins ( 25 October 1919 -- 15 February 1998 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John Angus Macnab ( 1906 - -1977 ) was a British conservative politician who embraced Roman Catholicism under the influence of G. K. Chesterton and Hilaire Belloc , who was a close associate of William Joyce , and who later became noted as a Perennialist writer on Medieval Spain and translator of Latin and Greek poetry .
Shen Quan ( simplified Chinese : 沈铨 ; traditional Chinese : 沈銓 ; pinyin : Shěn Quán ; Wade -- Giles : Shen Ch'üan ; c. 1682 - -1760 ) was a Chinese painter during the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - -1912 ) .
Roberto Martínez Montoliú ( born 13 July 1973 ) is a Spanish former professional footballer who is the current manager of Premier League club Everton .
Elena Mendoza ( Sevilla , 1973 ) is a Spanish composer of contemporary music and musical theatre .
Hana Machatová - Bogušovská ( born 31 July 1938 ) is a retired Czech rhythmic gymnast .
Kai Kovaljeff ( born 8 August 1985 in Tampere ) is a Finnish ski jumper .
Markus Gasser ( born 1967 ) is an Austrian literary scientist and author .
Hamza Kashgari Mohamad Najeeb ( often Hamza Kashgari , Arabic : حمزة كاشغري‎ ; born 1989 ) is a Saudi poet and a former columnist for the Saudi daily newspaper Al - Bilad .
Yang Woo - suk ( born October 24 , 1969 ) is a South Korean film director and cartoonist .
Emily Young McQueen ( born 1981 ) is an American wheelchair racer .
Marian Keyes ( born 10 September 1963 ) is an Irish novelist and non - fiction writer , best known for her work in women 's literature .
Evelina Papoulia ( Greek : Εβελίνα Παπούλια ; born 25 March 1971 ) , is a Greek actress and dancer .
John Ssebaana Kizito ( born 1934 ) is a Ugandan , businessman , economist and politician .
Ann Paton , Lady Paton ( born 1952 ) is a Scottish advocate and judge .
Tore Østby ( born 1972 ) was a founder , guitarist , producer and songwriter for Norwegian progressive metal band Conception from 1989 to 1998 .
Jäje Johansson ( born 11 October 1969 ) , better known by his stage name Jay - Jay Johanson , is a Swedish singer - songwriter , known for his melancholic vocals .
Viktoria Dimitrova ( Bulgarian : Виктория Димитрова ; 11 June 1976 -- 8 November 1994 ) was a Bulgarian figure skater .
Sérgio Mendes Coimbra known as Serginho Paulista ( little Sérgio of São Paulo ) ( born 13 March 1988 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Londrina .
Prabhakar Panshikar ( Marathi : प्रभाकर पणशीकर ) ( 14 March 1931 -- 13 January 2011 ) was an Indian stage actor .
Léon Schots ( born 11 June 1952 ) is a Belgian former long - distance runner who competed in track and cross country running competitions .
Pascale Montpetit is a French Canadian actress , born in 1961 .
Idan Vered ( Hebrew : עידן ורד‎ ; born 1 January 1989 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays for the Serbian SuperLiga club Red Star Belgrade .
Andrew Hauptman ( born 1969 ) is an American businessman , co - founder of the investment firm Andell Holdings , and owner of the Major League Soccer team , the Chicago Fire .
Reggie Fowler was born Reginald Dennis Fowler in February , 1959 , to Al and Eloise Fowler -- one of five children .
John Stuart Ingle ( 1933 - October 30 , 2010 ) was an American contemporary realist artist , known for his meticulously rendered watercolor paintings , typically still lifes .
Ida Bobach ( born 30 July 1991 in Silkeborg ) is a Danish orienteering competitor who was Junior World Champion in 2009 , and became triple Junior World Champion from 2010 , when she won the sprint , long distance and the relay .
Adrian Hodges ( born 4 February 1957 ) is an English television and film writer .
Mitja Gaspari ( born 25 November 1951 ) is a Slovenian economist , banker , and politician .
John Aiton D.D. ( June 1797 -- 1863 ) was a Scottish religious writer .
Vasile Grecu ( 31 July 1885 -- 27 May 1972 ) was a Romanian philologist and Byzantinist .
Linda Stone ( born 1955 ) is a writer and consultant who coined the phrase `` continuous partial attention '' in 1998 .
Prof . Manuel Trajtenberg ( Hebrew : מנואל טרכטנברג‎ born 21 September 1950 ) is an Israeli economist , chair of the Planning and Budgeting Committee of the Council for Higher Education in Israel .
Blake Cooper ( born October 10 , 2001 ) is an American actor , best known for playing the role of Chuck in The Maze Runner .
Yakov Godorozha ( Ukrainian : Яків Семенович Годорожа : Yakiv Semenovych Hodorozha ; born 18 May 1993 ) is a Ukrainian former competitive figure skater .
Goran Radojević ( born 9 November 1963 ) is a retired Serbian football player , who also holds German citizenship .
Christen Smed ( born Christen Christensen Storsveen ) , who was born in 1797 at farm number 34 in West Gausdal , and died 28 April 1846 in Molde , was the first person to climb Romsdalshornet , together with Hans Bjermeland in 1828 .
Graham Cairns ( born 1971 , UK ) is an author and academic .
Dainis Dukurs ( born 24 January 1954 ) is a Latvian retired bobsledder , Sigulda bobsleigh , luge , and skeleton track manager , member of Sigulda municipality council and skeleton coach .
Jane Bartle - Wilson ( born 14 February 1951 in Harrogate , North Yorkshire ) was a former Olympian , competing in the 1984 Los Angeles games with her horse Pinocchio , in the individual dressage event .
Kathleen Hall ( born 12 August 1951 ) is an expert in stress , mindful living and mindfulness .
Chrystiano Gomes Ferraz ( born 6 December 1986 ) , nicknamed Chrys , is a Brazilian professional football player who plays as a midfielder or striker .
Lilian Faschinger ( born 29 April 1950 in Tschöran , Carinthia ) is an Austrian novelist , short story writer , poet , and literary translator .
Afua Cooper ( born 8 November 1957 ) is a Jamaican - born Canadian historian , author and dub poet .
Terese Nielsen ( born March 11 , 1966 ) is a California - based freelance fantasy artist and illustrator .
Eugenio Colombo ( born 1953 ) is an Italian saxophonist and flautist most associated with avant - garde jazz .
Rick Kemp ( born 15 November 1941 in Little Hanford , Dorset ) is an English bass player , guitarist , songwriter , vocalist and record producer , best known for his work with the pioneering electric folk band , Steeleye Span .
František Blažek ( 1863 - -1944 ) is a Czech - born architect who designed a great number of Bosnia and Herzegovina buildings during Austro - Hungarian period .
Bjørn Atle Holter - Hovind ( born 14 April 1944 ) is a Norwegian media and corporate executive .
Torger Motland ( born 26 March 1985 in Hommersåk ) is a Norwegian football striker who currently plays for Ålgård . His previous clubs include Viking , Sandnes Ulf , Bryne and Mandalskameratene , FH Hafnarfjörður .
Osvaldo Fattori ( born 22 June 1922 ) is a former Italian football ( soccer ) player .
Julian O'Neill ( born 14 October 1972 in Hornsby , New South Wales ) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
`` David A. Wallace , FAICP , AIA , PP '' ( 1917 -- July 19 , 2004 ) was an influential urban planner and architect who founded the firm of Wallace Roberts & Todd ( WRT ) with Ian McHarg .
Richard Mylan ( born 1973 ) is a Welsh stage and television actor and former dancer .
Reverend Abraham Pierson ( 1646 -- March 5 , 1707 ) was the first rector , from 1701 to 1707 , and one of the founders of the Collegiate School -- which later became Yale University .
Pat Capponi ( born 1949 ) is a Canadian author and an advocate for mental health issues and poverty issues in Canada .
Salah Benlabed ( born 1950 ) is an Algerian architect , academic , novelist and poet .
Daniel Gwyther ( born 29 March 1986 ) is an English professional footballer who currently plays for the Long Island Rough Riders of the United Soccer Leagues .
Domingo `` Sam '' Samudio ( born 6 March 1937 , Dallas , Texas ) , better known by his stage name Sam the Sham , is a retired American rock and roll singer .
Juan García Ponce ( September 22 , 1932 - -December 27 , 2003 ) was a Mexican novelist , short - story writer , essayist , translator and critic of Mexican art .
Mohamed Saïd El Wardi ( Arabic : محمد سعيد الوردي‎ ; born 19 April 1972 ) is a Moroccan athlete who specializes in the 5000 metres and cross - country running .
Stefano Agostini ( born 3 January 1989 ) is a professional road cyclist , who last rode for Cannondale .
Remzi Gür ( born October 1949 ) is a Turkish businessman , founder and owner of the Ramsey clothing manufacturing and retail company , and `` a close friend and financial sponsor of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan '' .
Jerzy Janiszewski ( born 11 March 1952 in Płock ) is a Polish artist , best known for designing the Solidarity logo in 1980 .
Anu Aggarwal ( born 11 January 1969 ) is a former Indian model and actress .
Dilly Braimoh ( born 1953 ) is an African - British television presenter , producer and freelance journalist .
Lalla Ward ( born Sarah Ward ; 28 June 1951 ) is an English actress and author .
Germain Doucet , Sieur de La Verdure ( born around 1595 near Couperans en Brye ( most likely Coubron northeast of Paris ) , France ) was a French commander in the French colony of Acadia .
Barbara Fugger ( 1419 - -1497 ) was a German businessperson and banker .
Carlos Morel ( 12 February 1813 -- 10 September 1894 ) was a prominent Argentine painter in the nineteenth century , known as the first truly Argentine painter .
Konstantin Tupikov ( born 25 April 1983 ) is a former competitive figure skater who represented Ukraine until 2005 and then decided to compete for Poland .
William Frere ( 1775 - -1836 ) , was an English lawyer and academic , a law - serjeant and Master of Downing College , Cambridge .
Einar Østby ( born 17 September 1935 ) is a former Norwegian cross - country skier who competed during the early 1960s .
Skaay was a blind , crippled storyteller of the Haida village of Ttanuu born c. 1827 at Qquuna .
Gian Luigi Zampieri ( Rome , 10 June 1965 ) is an Italian conductor .
Mark Fanning ( born 11 April 1991 ) is an Irish hurler who plays as a goalkeeper for the Wexford senior team .
Leung Chin - man JP ( Chinese : 梁展文 ; pinyin : Liáng Zhǎnwén , born 1946 ) is a retired senior civil servant in the Government of Hong Kong the former Permanent Secretary for Housing , Planning and Lands .
Anita K. Jones ( born 1942 ) is an American computer scientist and former U.S. government official .
Heinrich Köberle , born in 1946 , is a German athlete .
Khalilah Sabra ( /ˈhɑːlilə/ ; born Christina Couzan 18 December 1967 ) is an American Muslim advocate and author best known for her work with refugees in the Middle East and literary contributions to the Joe L. Kincheloe and Shirley R. Steinberg series Transgression :
Lamberto Pignotti ( born 1926 in Firenze ) is an Italian poet , writer and visual artist .
Ulrike Felt ( born 1957 ) is an Austrian social scientist , active in the field of Science and Technology Studies .
Andrew Beerwinkel ( born 5 March 1993 in Saron , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing domestically with the Blue Bulls and in the Super Rugby competition with the Bulls .
Kanuri Ranjith Kumar was an Indian Film Producer , born into a wealthy Agricultural family on 24 March 1938 to Kanuri Ramananda Chowdary and VimalaDevi in a rural village Kowtharam in Krishna District of Andhra Pradesh .
James Barnor ( born 6 June 1929 ) is a pioneering Ghanaian photographer who has been based in London , UK , since the 1990s .
Dannielle Khan ( born 1 September 1995 ) is an English racing cyclist from Solihull , West Midlands , England , who currently rides for Abergavenny RC Women 's Team .
Edward Wingate ( c. 1606 -- August 1685 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648 .
Charles - Victor Dubois ( 1832 -- 1869 ) was a Belgian composer and harmonium player known mostly for improvisations and demonstrations .
Ludwig Karl von Kalckstein ( 10 March 1725 -- 12 October 1800 ) was a Prussian count and field marshal .
Elspeth Probyn ( born 1958 ) is a Professor of Gender and Cultural Studies at the University of Sydney .
Willem Boshoff ( born 1951 ) is a South African artist known primarily for his conceptual installations .
Anna Giordano Bruno ( born 13 December 1980 ) is a retired Italian track and field athlete who specialised in the pole vault .
Kazimierz Lipień ( 6 February 1949 in Jaczków - 13 November 2005 in New York City ) was a Polish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco - Roman wrestling .
Frank Stock , GBS , JP ( Chinese : 司徒敬 ; born 15 June 1945 ) is a Non - permanent Judge of Hong Kong 's Court of Final Appeal .
Sir Leigh Lewis KCB ( born 1951 ) is a retired senior British civil servant , who served as the Permanent Secretary for the British Department for Work and Pensions from 2006 - 2011 .
Epameinondas Thomopoulos ( Greek : Επαμεινώνδας Θωμόπουλος , 1878 - January 4 , 1976 ) was a Greek artist who attended the academy and the first Greek impressionist .
Tracy Mackenna ( 1963 ) is a Scottish - Italian artist , creating works with her partner , the Dutch artist Edwin Janssen .
Mirosław Jan Stasik ( born 27 January 1929 r. in Łódź ) is a Polish medical doctor and research toxicologist .
Matthew Bowden ( 1779 - -1814 ) served as surgeon in the Royal Lancashire Regiment and assistant surgeon on David Collins ' 1803 expedition to found a British settlement in Port Phillip , now part of Victoria , Australia .
Paul Matisse ( born 1933 ) is an artist and inventor .
Fritz Balogh ( 16 December 1920 -- 15 January 1951 ) was a German footballer .
Niall MacPhee ( born 19 September 1985 ) is a shinty player from Fort William , Scotland .
Jean - Claude Schindelholz ( born 11 October 1940 ) was a Swiss football striker .
Laraine Herring ( born 1968 ) is an American writer of both novels and nonfiction books .
Ragnar Bjarnason , also called Raggi Bjarna , ( born 22 September 1934 ) is an Icelandic singer .
Wang Xiaojun ( Chinese : 王晓军 ; born September 1952 ) is a lieutenant general of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
Charlotte Eisler ( 2 August 1894 - 21 August 1970 ) was an Austrian singer , pianist and music teacher associated with the Second Viennese School .
Justin Clarke ( born 9 October 1984 ) , better known by his stage name Ghetts ( formerly Ghetto ) is an English Grime MC , from Plaistow , Newham , East London with Caribbean roots from Jamaica and Grenada .
Baron Carl von Rokitansky ( German : Carl Freiherr von Rokitansky , Czech : Karel Rokytanský ) ( 19 February 1804 -- 23 July 1878 ) , was a Bohemian physician , pathologist , humanist philosopher and liberal politician .
Constantin Gheorghe ( born on 12 June 1976 ) , better known by his stage name Geo Da Silva , is a Romanian DJ , MC , vocalist , entrepreneur and entertainer .
Øyvind Svenning ( born 29 January 1980 ) is a Norwegian football defender who currently plays for the Norwegian team Randaberg .
Scott Jeffery ( born 11 February 1977 ) is a Tasmanian Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League .
Brennan Hesser ( born 1980 ) is an American television actress , best known for co - starring in Tori Spelling 's VH1 sitcom , So NoTORIous .
Matse Uwatse ( 10 May 1981 ) popularly known as Matse is a Nigerian radio presenter .
Brendon Feddema ( born 14 May 1974 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Dockers between 1996 and 1998 .
Dato ' Peter Velappan ( born 1 October 1935 ) is a Malaysian association football administrator who served as the General Secretary of the Asian Football Confederation from 1978 to 2007 .
Guerau de Espés del Valle ( Lérida , 1524 - -1572 ) was a Spanish nobleman and diplomat .
French musician Valentin Clastrier ( born 1947 ) is one of the few performers in the world specializing in contemporary music for the hurdy - gurdy ; before Clastrier , the instrument was used primarily in the performance of European Medieval and folk musics .
Geta Brătescu ( born 4 May 1926 , Ploiești ) is a Romanian visual artist .
The second son of Robert Whytt of Bennochie , advocate , and Jean , daughter of Antony Murray of Woodend , Perthshire , he was born in Edinburgh on 6 September 1714 , six months after his father 's death .
Abu Nizam Muhammad Falaki Shirvani ( 1107 , Shamakhi -- 1157 , Shamakhi ) was a Persian poet from Shirvan ( today in Azerbaijan ) .
Walter Slezak ( German pronunciation : ( ˌvaltɐ ˈslɛzak ) ) ( 3 May 1902 -- 21 April 1983 ) was an Austrian - born character actor and singer who appeared in German films before migrating to the US in 1930 and featuring in numerous Hollywood productions .
Waldemar Pförtsch ( * 19 . September 1951 in Bamberg ) is a German professor , management advisor and specialized book author for business administration and international management .
Duarte de Eça ( born 1480 ) was the 3rd Captain - major of Portuguese Ceylon .
Alain Le Boulluec ( born 1941 ) is a contemporary French patristics scholar working mainly in the sphere of Clement of Alexandria and of Origen of Alexandria .
Ian Irvine ( born 1950 ) is an Australian fantasy and eco - thriller author and marine scientist .
Lawrence Otis Graham ( born 1962 ) is an African - American attorney , speaker , and New York Times best - selling author .
Prema Narayan ( born 4 April 1955 ) is a Model and Bollywood actress - dancer .
Alex Wise ( born c. 1968 ) is the host and executive producer of Sea Change Radio , a nationally - distributed interview - format radio show concerned with the advances being made toward a more environmentally sustainable world , economy , and future .
Marc Breuers ( born 10 April 1975 in New York ) is a former Barber Dodge Pro Series and Atlantic Championship driver .
Viththal Dattatreya Ghate ( Devanagari : विठ्ठल दत्तात्रेय घाटे ) ( 1894 - -1978 ) was an educationist and a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Heinz Insu Fenkl ( born 1960 ) is an author , editor , translator , and folklorist .
Chaim Loike ( born 1977 in New York ) is an American Rabbi who works for the Orthodox Union .
Earnest Olatunde Thomas ( 10 December 1922 -- 1981 ) , known as Tunde Nightingale or The Western Nightingale , was a Nigerian singer and guitarist , best known for his unique jùjú music style , following in the tradition of Tunde King .
Sydney Cohen CBE , FRS ( born 18 September 1921 ) is Emeritus Professor of Chemical Pathology , Guy 's Hospital Medical School and an authority on malaria .
Gene Youngblood ( born 30 May 1942 ) , is a theorist of media arts and politics , and a respected scholar in the history and theory of alternative cinemas .
Simon Rademan ( born Simon Petrus Rademan , on 22 February 1964 ) , is a South African fashion designer and stylist .
Kitty van Haperen ( 20 April 1976 ) is a retired Dutch athlete and bobsledder .
Ivan Obradović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Обрадовић ; born 25 July 1988 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Belgian club Anderlecht , as a left back .
Niall Rigney ( born 1969 in Portlaoise , County Laois ) is an Irish retired hurling manager and player .
Alma Čardžić ( born 1968 ) is a Bosnian singer , best known internationally for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contests in 1994 and 1997 .
Sunil Batta ( born 12 June 1961 ) is an Indian film director , producer , scriptwriter and cameraman .
Johann Gottlieb Fleischer ( 15 October 1797 -- 22 April 1838 ) was a German botanist and ornithologist .
Anthony Flinn is a British chef , born in Liverpool in 1980 , and now based in Leeds .
Robert McRay ( born 1962 , Wausau , Wisconsin ) is an American television actor , sculptor , and personal trainer .
Jacob Kaufman ( 15 July 1847 -- 20 April 1920 ) was an important manufacturer and industrialist in Berlin / Kitchener , Ontario , Canada .
Ben Foskett ( born 1977 ) is a London and Paris - based British composer .
John Francis Yaxley ( born 13 November 1936 ) Birmingham , England , spent his career as a civil servant in the UK Colonial Office .
Peter Schreyer ( born 1953 ) is a German automobile designer for Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors , widely known for his design contributions to the Audi TT .
Costache Negri ( 1812 - -1876 ) was a Moldavian - born Romanian writer , politician and revolutionary .
Jenni Falconer ( born 12 February 1976 ) is a Scottish radio and television presenter best known for her roles on the ITV daytime show This Morning , where she is a regular travel reporter and is an occasional stand - in host .
Wu Changshun ( born January 1954 ) is the former police chief of the municipality of Tianjin , China .
James Peachey , 1st Baron Selsey ( 8 March 1723 -- 1 February 1808 ) , known as Sir James Peachey , Bt , between 1765 and 1794 , was a British politician and courtier .
Fatima Murtaza Bhutto ( Urdu : فاطمہ مُرتضیٰ بھُٹّو‎ ; born 29 May 1982 ) , known as Fatima Bhutto ( Urdu : فاطمہ بھٹو‎ ) , is a Pakistani poet and writer .
Michael D. Penner ( born 1969 ) is a Canadian lawyer and businessman .
Osama Mounir ( born in 1970 ) is a Christian Egyptian TV personality , his famous program is `` Ana Welnogoom We Hawak '' ( English : I , the stars and your love)(Arabic:أنا والنجوم وهواك ) which is a program about love on Nogoom FM radio channel .
Kit Osbourne ( born 1990 ) is an American professional wrestler , who currently works for Combat Zone Wrestling .
Colin Kirkus ( 19 June 1910 - 13 September 1942 ) , was one of the most influential climbers Britain has ever produced .
Simon Ghahary ( born 12 May 1972 ) is an English born artist , brand architect and lifestyle engineer from the United Kingdom known primarily for his unconventional speaker designs .
Chris Connolly ( born 25 March 1963 ) is a former Australian rules football player , coach and administrator , most notable for his six years as senior coach of the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Jamie N Commons ( born 22 October 1988 in Bristol , England ) is a British blues rock and folk musician based in New Cross , London .
Georges Hamel ( 20 January 1948 -- 26 February 2014 ) was a Canadian country music singer and songwriter from Quebec .
Andrija Prlainović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Андрија Прлаиновић ; born 28 April 1987 ) is a Serbian water polo player .
John Knewstub ( or Knewstubs ) ( 1544 - -1624 ) was an English clergyman , one of the participants in the Hampton Court Conference of 1604 representing the Puritan side .
Delores Ann Kildare ( 1934 - -2005 ) was an American poet known by the pen name D. Kildare .
Antonia Juhasz ( born 1970 ) is an American oil and energy analyst , author , journalist and activist .
Mark Fry ( born 4 November 1952 ) is an English painter and psychedelic folk musician .
Admir Haznadar ( born 25 July 1985 ) is a Bosnian - Dutch footballer who plays as a striker for K.V. Turnhout in Belgium .
Arthur Lett - Haines ( 1894 -- February 25 , 1978 ) , known as Lett Haines , was a British painter and sculptor who experimented in many different media , though he generally characterised himself as `` an English surrealist '' .
Rabbi Arnold Josiah Ford ( 23 April 1877 -- 16 September 1935 ) was the first black rabbi in America , and a prominent member of Harlem 's Black Jews community .
Aris Xevghenis ( Greek : Αρης Ξευγένης ; born 12 May 1981 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Nafpaktiakos Asteras .
Leo Lerinc ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лeo Лepинц;Hungarian : Leo Lőrincz ) ( born 30 December 1975 ) is a retired Serbian football player of Hungarian descent .
Dvora Bochman ( Hebrew : דבורה בוצ'מן‎ ) ( born 1950 ) is an Israeli artist , painter , sculptor , graphic designer and art educator .
Idriss Ngari ( born 2 April 1946 ) is a Gabonese politician and army general .
Umberto Bindi ( 12 May 1932 - 24 May 2002 ) was an Italian singer - songwriter .
Leul Ras ( Prince ) Aserate Kasa ( also Aserate Kassa , Asrate Kassa and Aserate - Medhin Kassa ) GCVO ( 30 April 1922 -- 23 November 1974 ) was an army commander and a member of the nobility of the Ethiopian Empire .
Willoughby Bertie , 4th Earl of Abingdon ( 16 January 1740 -- 26 September 1799 ) was an English peer and music patron .
Patrick French ( born 1966 ) is a British writer and historian , based in London and Delhi .
Diana Page ( born 1965 ) is a painter , performance and installation artist originally from South Africa but currently residing in Istanbul , Turkey .
Ju Wen - bin ( Chinese : 朱文彬 , born on 5 July 1969 ) is a Taiwanese football player and manager .
Lode Van Den Bergh ( born 18 June 1920 ) , pseudonym Aster Berkhof and Piet Visser , is a Belgian writer .
Russell Haswell ( born 1970 , Coventry ) is a multidisciplinary artist .
Katja Demut ( born 21 December 1983 ) is a German track and field athlete who specialises in the triple jump .
Dr. Christopher B. Anderson ( born 31 December 1976 in North Carolina ) is an ecologist working in southern Patagonia 's Tierra del Fuego Archipelago , shared between Chile and Argentina .
Rachel Ter Horst ( born 20 March 1973 , in Enschede , Netherlands ) is a Dutch glamour model .
Julius Koch ( 1872 -- March 30 , 1902 ) , also known as Le Geant Constantin , was one of seventeen people in medical history who have surpassed eight feet in height .
Vice Admiral Sir Fabian Malbon , KBE ( born 1 October 1946 ) was the Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey from 2005 - -2011 .
Pablopavo ( born 30 March 1978 as Paweł Sołtys ) is a Polish reggae and raggamuffin vocalist , songwriter , and radio DJ . He has a radio show on Roxy FM called Tramwaj z Pragi .
Francesco Camaldo ( 24 October 1952 ) is an Italian priest of the Catholic Church , and is currently the assistant of Circolo San Pietro .
Ramon Vega ( born 14 June 1971 ) is a Swiss retired footballer of Spanish descent who played as a central defender .
Eran Biton ( Hebrew : ערן ביטון‎ ; born 16 January 1996 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a Central Midfielder .
Benjamin Abeles ( born 1925 ) is a physicist whose research in the 1960s in the USA on germanium - silicon alloys led to the technology used to power space probes such as the Voyager spacecraft .
Sandy Casar ( born 2 February 1979 ) is a French former professional racing cyclist , who competed as a professional between 2000 and 2013 , all for the Française des Jeux team .
Gary Imlach ( born 1960 , West Bridgford ) is a British author , journalist and broadcaster , specialising in sport .
Belinda Dever ( born 6 July 1977 ) is an Australian retired netball player , formerly playing for the Queensland Firebirds in the Commonwealth Bank Trophy .
Harry Fare ( 1 May 1896 -- 12 August 1963 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Wigan Borough and Bury .
Kate Fischer , aka Katie Fischer ( born 30 November 1973 ) , is an Australian model and actress .
Sir John Voce Moore ( 1826 - -1904 ) was an English businessman and Lord Mayor of London .
Ênio Santos de Oliveira or simply Ênio ( born 11 March 1985 ) is a Brazilian central defender .
Maccus mac Arailt ( died 984 - 987 ? ) or Maccus Haraldsson was a Scandinavian or Norse - Gael king .
Mark Warburton ( born 6 September 1962 ) is an English professional football manager , who is the current manager of Scottish Championship club Rangers .
Göran Gentele ( 29 September 1917 -- 18 July 1972 ) was a Swedish actor , director , and opera manager .
Dr Marko Atlagić ( born 1949 ) is a Serbian historian and politician , originally from Croatia .
Paul F. Markham ( born c. 1931 ) is an American attorney who served as the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1966 to 1969 .
Feng Zhengjie ( born 1968 in Sichuan Province , China ) is an artist based in Beijing and Jeju Island of South Korea .
Michael Lowenstern ( b. Chicago , Illinois , United States , 1968 ) in the Hyde Park neighborhood , is an American bass clarinetist and composer specializing in new music .
Edzard Ernst ( born 30 January 1948 ) is an academic physician and researcher specializing in the study of complementary and alternative medicine .
Alyona Andruk ( Ukrainian : Альона Андрук ; born 11 June 1987 ) is a Ukrainian road bicycle racer .
Wang Bao'an ( Chinese : 王保安 ; pinyin : Wáng Băo'ān ; born December 1963 ) is a former Chinese politician .
Chris Walas ( born 1955 ) is an American special effects / make - up artist and film director .
Archibald Stewart ( 30 December 1867 -- 29 May 1925 ) was an Australian trade unionist and ALP official .
Nils Christian Egede Hertzberg ( 26 October 1827 -- 8 July 1911 ) was the Norwegian theologian , educator and politician .
Árón Smith ( born 9 November 1989 ) is an Irish racing driver currently racing in the British Touring Car Championship .
Corrado Lorefice ( born 12 October 1962 ) is an Italian priest and the Archbishop of Palermo since 5 December 2015 .
Anne - Marie Minhall ( born 25 June 1965 ) is an English radio presenter who works for Classic fm , which is one of the United Kingdom 's three Independent National Radio stations , broadcasting classical music in a popular and accessible style .
John K. Beatty ( born c. 1821 ) , Irish uillean piper .
Milan Balažic ( born 19 October 1958 ) is a Slovenian political theorist , politician and diplomat .
Yankho Kamwendo ( born 1 November 1978 ) is a Swedish TV personality and actor .
Edmundo Murray ( b. 1955 in Buenos Aires ) , is a writer , born in a family with Argentine , Colombian , Irish and Swiss origins .
Jim Unger ( 21 January 1937 -- 26 May 2012 ) was a British Canadian cartoonist , best known for his syndicated comic strip Herman which ran for 18 years in 600 newspapers in 25 countries .
Nancy Bayley ( 28 September 1899 - 25 Novemeber 1994 ) was an American psychologist best known for her work on the Berkeley Growth Study and the subsequent Bayley Scales of Infant Development .
Frank Stronach , CM ( born Franz Strohsack ; 6 September 1932 ) is an Austrian and Canadian businessman and politician .
Obafemi Lasode ( born December 1955 ) is a Nigerian veteran film actor , songwriter , playwright , film producer and director .
Devarshi Kala Nath Shastry , ( b. 15 July 1936 at Jaipur , Rajasthan , India ) is a Sanskrit scholar honoured by the President of India ( 1998 ) .
Sir Henry Williams , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1635 -- February 1666 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1661 .
John Belisario ( 1820 - 1900 ) was an Australian dental surgeon who was a pioneer in the use of anaesthesia in dentistry .
Irving Milfred Mole , better known as Miff Mole ( 11 March 1898 -- 29 April 1961 ) was a jazz trombonist and band leader .
Jaume Morales Moltó ( Altea 21 June 1973 ) , sporting nickname Tato , is a Valencian pilota professional player in the ValNet company team .
Nicos Panayotopoulos ( born 1963 ) is a Greek journalist , screenwriter and novelist .
Geoff Leigh ( born 5 October 1945 ) is an English jazz and progressive rock musician , playing primarily soprano sax and flute .
Graeme Hawley ( born 28 November 1973 ) is an English actor known for his role as John Stape in the British soap Coronation Street .
Cai Mingzhao ( Chinese : 蔡名照 ; born June 1955 ) is a Chinese journalist and politician .
Philipp Bonadimann ( born 24 July 1980 ) is an Austrian alpine skier who won competed in two Winter Paralympics winning three medals in sitting events .
Alexander Arkadyevich Migdal ( Russian : Александр Арка́дьевич Мигдал ; born 22 July 1945 ) is a Russian --
Mujandjae Kasuto ( born 25 November 1985 ) is a Namibian amateur boxer who has competed twice at the Olympics .
Luka Grubor ( born 27 December 1973 ) is a retired rower , born in Zagreb , who competed internationally for Yugoslavia , Croatia and Great Britain , as well as for Oxford in the 1997 Boat Race .
Ebba Bielke ( 1570 - 1618 ) , was a Swedish baroness judged for high treason .
Bruno Toledo ( born 23 November 1973 ) is a Spanish retired long - distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres .
Jan Moretus , also Johann Moerentorf or Joannes Moretus , ( 2 May 1543 -- 22 September 1610 ) was a Flemish printer .
Sarah Hedley ( born Newcastle 1973 ) is a British author and journalist specialising in women 's consumer publishing .
Mateus Alonso Honorio , simply known as Mateus ( born 16 June 1983 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Iranian club Esteghlal .
Andres Marin ( born 22 April 1983 ) is a competitive ice climber .
Sayuri Osuga ( Japanese : 大菅小百合 , born 27 October 1980 ) is a Japanese speed skater and cyclist .
Frank Haydock ( born 29 November 1940 ) is an English former footballer who played at centre - half for several clubs , including Manchester United , Charlton Athletic and Portsmouth .
Lajos Pálmai ( 1866 - -1937 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Justice in the Counter - revolutionary Government of Arad during the Hungarian Soviet Republic .
Hubert Klausner ( 1 November 1892 -- 12 February 1939 ) was an Austrian officer and Nazi politician .
Kanwal Bharti ( born 4 February 1953 ) is an Indian Dalit writer and columnist .
Peter Storrie ( born 7 November 1952 ) is the Executive Vice - Chairman of A - League club Central Coast Mariners .
Aparecido Donizetti de Souza known as Donizetti or Doni ( born 10 June 1973 ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Corrado Giannantoni ( born 1950 ) is an Italian nuclear scientist .
Kim Wan - seop ( born 1963 ) is a South Korean writer , novelist , journalist , and educator .
Jerry Woodall ( born 1938 ) is an American inventor and scientist best known for his invention of the first commercially viable heterojunction material GaAlAs for red LEDs used in automobile brake lights and traffic lights , CD and DVD players , TV remote controls and computer networks .
Philip Packer FRS ( 24 June 1618 Groombridge , Kent - 24 December 1686 ) was a British barrister and architect .
Ram Sewak Sharma ( born 1955 ) is an Indian bureaucrat .
Juan Miguel López ( born 7 April 1967 ) is a Cuban former track and field athlete who specialised in the triple jump .
Chris Korwin - Kuczynski ( born 1953 ) is a former Canadian municipal politician .
Mark Timlin ( born 15 June 1944 , in Cheltenham ) is a British author best known for his series of novels featuring Nick Sharman , a former Metropolitan Police officer who takes up the profession of private investigator in South London .
Anthony Philip David Terry Frank Donald Stanley Gerry Gordon Stephen James Oatway ( born 28 November 1973 ) , more commonly known as Charlie Oatway , is an English former footballer .
Dean Bent ( born January 1971 ) , better known as Sweetie Irie , is a British reggae singer and DJ .
Stig Kleven ( born 12 January 1967 ) is a Norwegian sport wrestler .
Kathleen Stewart ( born 1958 Sydney ) is an Australian writer .
Gabriel Medina Pinto Ferreira ( born 22 December 1993 ) is a Brazilian professional surfer , also the 2014 WSL World Champion .
Pietro Redondi ( born 1950 ) is an Italian historian of science , known for his work on Galileo Galilei .
Neville Gorton ( 1 March 1888 -- 30 November 1955 ) was the 4th bishop of the restored see of Coventry in the modern era .
Alice Nzomukunda ( born 12 April 1966 ) is a Burundian politician and former Second Vice - President of the country , from 29 August 2005 to 5 September 2006 .
David Purviance , November 14 , 1766 --
Maharshi Mehi was born on 28 April 1885 in a small village of Bihar , Majhua ( Khoskhsi Sharanpur ) , India .
William Axton Stokes ( 1814 - -1877 ) was a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , attorney who contributed notes and references to an American edition of Mathew Hale 's ( 1609 - -1676 ) Historia placitorum coronae ( History of the pleas of the crown ) published by R. H. Small of Philadelphia in 1847 .
Ion Vasile Oană ( born 23 July 1972 in Târgu Lăpuş ) is a Romanian retired football player , who played as a striker .
Felix Kiernan ( born 18 April 1929 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Albion Rovers , Dumbarton and Stenhousemuir .
Sarita Joshi ( née Bhosle ) ( born 17 October 1941 ) is an Indian stage , television and film actress , and is a veteran actress of Gujarati theatre and Marathi theatre and also Marathi cinema .
Cheng Siu Wai ( Chinese : 鄭少偉 ; Jyutping : zeng6 siu3 wai5 , born 27 December 1981 , Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League club Eastern Salon .
Alma Rosé ( 3 November 1906 -- 5 April 1944 ) was an Austrian violinist of Jewish descent .
J. Peter Kincaid ( born 1942 ) is a scientist and educator who is the founding director of the Modeling and Simulation Ph.D. program at the University of Central Florida .
Daniel Barone ( 21 August 1965 , Buenos Aires - ) is an Argentine film and television director .
Adesola Nunayon Amosu CFR ( born 1 August 1958 ) is a Nigerian Air Force , Air vice - marshal and the 19th Chief of Air Staff , CAS .
Seth Wilson ( 1914 -- December 11 , 2006 ) was one of the founding faculty of Ozark Christian College in Joplin , Missouri .
Moreno Suprapto or Moreno Soeprapto ( born 14 November 1982 in Jakarta ) is an Indonesian racing driver .
Mourad Souissi ( born 7 July 1984 ) is an Algerian athlete who competes in the decathlon and occasionally in the pole vault .
Steven Jeppesen ( born 22 April 1984 ) is a Danish - born Swedish professional golfer .
Hugh C. Barr ( 1878 - -1960 ) , of New York City , was a stamp dealer and auctioneer who started out in the stamp business in 1900 .
Hy Heath ( 1890 - 1965 ) was an American entertainer , songwriter , composer and author .
Sunita Rani ( born 4 December 1979 ) is an Indian athlete who won a gold medal in the 1500 m and a bronze medal in the 5000 m during the 14th Asian Games .
Svavar Gestsson ( born 26 June 1944 ) is an Icelandic politician and former minister for social affairs ( from February 1980 to May 1983 ) , Minister for Culture and Education ( 1988 - 1991 ) , Member of Parliament ( 1978 - 1999 ) , and Ambassador ( 1999 - 2009 ) .
Hugh Francis Brophy ( 1829 - June 11 , 1919 ) was a leading Fenian and staunch supporter of Irish independence .
Zuo Fen ( Chinese : 左芬 ; c. 255 - -300 ) was a Chinese woman poet of the Western Jin dynasty .
Tierney Thys ( born 1966 ) is an American marine biologist , science educator , and National Geographic explorer .
Meindert Dijkstra ( born 28 February 1967 ) is a Dutch former footballer who played primarily at right back .
Denis Alfred Peter Philp ( 10 November 1920 - 5 February 2006 ) , was a Welsh dramatist and antiques expert , best known for his television series , Collectors ' Club .
Jason Burke ( born 1970 ) is a British journalist and the author of several non - fiction books .
Ismail Isakovich Isakov ( born 11 June 1950 ) ( Russian : Исаков Исмаил Исакович ) is a Kyrgyzstan politician and Lieutenant General in the Kyrgyz military force .
John Quine ( 1857 - -1940 ) was a Manx clergyman , scholar , novelist and playwright .
Gilbert Austin ( 1753 - -1837 ) was an Irish educator , clergyman and author .
Jeffrey Brotman ( born 1943 ) is an American attorney and businessman .
Caroline Dale ( born 1965 ) is a widely recorded British cellist who has performed music for numerous films , including Truly , Madly , Deeply , Hilary and Jackie , Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , as well as the 2005 adaptation of Jane Austen 's Pride and Prejudice and 2007 's Academy Award winner Atonement .
Andreas Almgren ( born 12 June 1995 ) is a Swedish track and field middle - distance runner .
Rabbi Dr. Harvey Belovski ( born 18 January 1968 ) , is a British orthodox rabbi , educator and organisational advisor .
Captain Mary Becker Greene ( 1867 - April 22 , 1949 ) , was steamboat captain of the Greene Line of river steamboats .
Benoit Dunoyer de Segonzac ( born 1962 ) is a virtuoso double bass player who performed with Jacques Loussier and Andre Arpino playing renditions by Johann Sebastian Bach / Eric Satie .
Antoinette Nana Djimou Ida ( born 2 August 1985 ) is a French heptathlete and pentathlete .
Taira no Norimori ( Japanese : 平教盛 たいら の のりもり ) ( 1128 - 1185 ) was the younger half - brother of Taira no Kiyomori and father - in - law of Fujiwara no Naritsune .
William E. Schaadt , better known as Bill Schaadt ( 1924 - -1995 ) was an artist , sign painter , collector and avid fly fisherman .
Camelia ( born 20 June 1974 , as Dayang Noor Camelia Abang Khalid ) is a Malaysian singer and model .
Miloš Stojčev ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Стојчев ; born 19 January 1987 ) is a Serbian - born footballer who plays for Atromitos .
Ahmad Wais Afzali ( b. 1972 ( age 42 - -43 ) ) is an imam , formerly from Queens , New York .
Susie Gharib , born in 1950 , is an award - winning business news journalist .
Frédéric Sanchez ( born 23 September 1966 ) is a French sound artist and music producer , best known for his career in the fashion industry .
Mohammed Salem Saleh Al Saadi ( Arabic : محمد سالم صالح الساعدي‎ ; born 28 October 1982 ) , is an Emirati footballer who currently plays as a Midfielder for Al Ain FC .
Jean Wills ( 1924 - ) is a model ( person ) who became Miss Southern California of 1948 and Mrs. Southern California of 1949 .
Hal Roth ( 1927 -- October 18 , 2008 ) was an American sailor and author .
Sunday Abalo ( born 14 May 1995 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for Rio Ave .
Phoebe Washburn ( born 1973 ) is an American installation artist who lives and works in New York . Washburn is best known for producing large - scale installations : assemblages of garbage , detritus , cardboard , scrap wood , and , more recently , organic matter such as sod or plants .
Frank Ullrich ( born 24 January 1958 ) is a German former biathlete and current trainer of the German national team .
Harish Chandra Mukherjee ( Bengali : হরিশ্চন্দ্র মুখোপাধ্যায় ) ( 1824 -- 1861 ) , was an Indian journalist and patriot , who fought tooth and nail for the indigo cultivators ( and against the indigo planters ) and forced the government to bring about changes .
Agnes de Lima ( 1887 - -1974 ) was an American journalist and writer on education .
Wyatt Mason ( born 1969 ) is an American journalist , essayist , critic and translator .
Zhu Yongxin ( Chinese:朱永新 ; born August 1958 ) is the deputy secretary general of 12th of Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference , the vice chairman of China Association for Promoting Democracy , vice president of Chinese Society of Education ( CSE ) .
Aboud El Khodary ( 27 November 1947 ) is an Egyptian former footballer who played most of his career for Al - Masry .
Ketil Gudim ( born 6 November 1956 ) is a Norwegian dancer and actor .
Marco Sansovini ( born 17 June 1980 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Italian Serie B club Pescara .
Roswell Gardinier Benedict ( 9 December 1815 -- 5 February 1859 ) was a civil engineer by profession and became involved in land development and the manufacturing of rolling stock for railways .
Pascale Schnider ( born 18 October 1984 in Flühli ) is a former Swiss road and track racing cyclist .
Uri Alon ( born 1969 ) is a Professor and Systems Biologist at the Weizmann Institute of Science .
Paul Farbrace ( born 7 July 1967 ) is a former English First - Class cricketer , and is currently England assistant cricket coach following Peter Moores 's sacking .
Rabbi Pinchas David Horowitz , ( 1876 -- November 28 , 1941 ) was a Hasidic rebbe and the founder of the Boston Hasidic dynasty , one of the first Hasidic courts in America .
Mervyn Travers ( born on 9 October 1985 ) is an Irish sportsperson who formly played Gaelic football for Wicklow Senior Football Championship club AGBFC and the Wicklow senior team since making his debut in 2007.In 2010 in a match vs Westmeath Mervyn ruptured his patellar and broke his knee cap .
Orlando Hubbs ( 18 February 1840 - 5 December 1930 ) was a skilled carriage builder , ship 's joiner and politician .
Jack Marsh ( c. 1874 -- 25 May 1916 ) was an Australian first - class cricketer of Australian Aboriginal descent who represented New South Wales in six matches from 1900 - -01 to 1902 - -03 .
Liam Cort ( born in 1989 ) is a basketball player for the Milton Keynes Lions , an English basketball team .
Richard Raine Barker ( 29 May 1869 -- 1 October 1940 ) was an English football player who played for England in 1895 .
John A. Smolin ( born 1967 ) is an American physicist and Fellow of the American Physical Society at IBM 's Thomas J. Watson Research Center .
Regis Ghezelbash ( born in 1951 in Tehran ) is a Paris - based documentary creator , a feature film animator and live action director and producer .
István Plattkó also known as Esteban Platko ( 1898 -- 1966 ) was a Hungarian football player and manager who coached Real Valladolid , Granada CF , CD Atlético Baleares and RCD Mallorca in Spain .
Jacques de Bela ( 15 February 1586 -- 28 May 1667 ) was a French - basque lawyer and writer in basque language , born at Mauléon .
Peter Jenni , ( born 17 April 1948 ) is an experimental particle physicist working at CERN .
Vivekrao Vasanthrao Patil ( born 1956 ) is an Indian politician , educationalist , author and an industrialist .
Cecil Reginald Burch , FRS ( 12 May 1901 -- 19 July 1983 ) was a British physicist and engineer .
Christopher Fabian ( krɪstəfər feıbıən ) ( @hichrisfabian on Twitter ) ( born April 18 , 1980 ) is a technologist and innovator who co - leads UNICEF 's Innovation Unit alongside Erica Kochi .
Qin Yi ( Chinese : 秦怡 ; Wade -- Giles : Ch'in I ; born 31 January 1922 ) is a Chinese film and drama actress .
Stanisław Stadnicki ( c. 1551 , Nowy Żmigród or Dubiecko -- 1610 , Tarnawiec ) , a Polish nobleman , Lord Starosta of Żygwulsko ( Sigulda ) , a known troublemaker , called ' the Devil of Łańcut ' ( Polish : diabeł łańcucki ) for his violent behaviour .
Claudia Reinhardt ( born 1964 ) is a contemporary German photographer .
Herman T. Schladermundt ( 1863 - -1937 ) was a notable American artist known for murals and stained glass .
Jordan Harrison ( born 1977 ) is a playwright based in Brooklyn , New York .
Michel Callon ( born 1945 ) is a Professor of Sociology at the École des mines de Paris and member of the Centre de sociologie de l'innovation .
Kay Gardner ( born 1927 ) , was a municipal politician in Toronto , Ontario .
Samet Hasan Yıldıran ( born 19 September 1992 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Aksaray 1989 SK .
Amiram Levin ( Hebrew : עמירם לוין‎ ; born 7 July 1946 ) is a retired Aluf ( Major General , res . ) who was commander of the IDF Northern Command .
Friedrich Jacobsohn ( born 1894 ) was a German urologist and writer on sex .
Kimberly Rivera ( born c. 1982 ) is an Iraq war resister and former U.S. Army Private First Class who went AWOL in February 2007 after a year of service .
Frank E. Eulner ( born 1963 ) is a sound editor who is also a member of Skywalker Sound .
Lucas Jakubczyk ( born 28 April 1985 ) is a German athlete who competes in the sprint and long jump with a personal best time of 10.07 seconds at the 100 metres event .
Timothy Ray Brown ( born 1966 ) is an American considered to be the first person cured of HIV / AIDS .
Katica Ivanišević ( born 11 January 1935 in Omišalj ) is a retired Croatian university professor and politician .
Maroš Kolpak ( born 23 March 1971 in Prešov , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak handball goalkeeper and coach .
Jane Wattenberg ( born 1949 ) is an American author , photographer , and illustrator of books for children .
Joris Oprins ( born 1980 , Tilburg ) is an Academy Award nominated animation director .
Chris Nickson ( born 1954 ) is a British novelist , music journalist , and biographer .
Anagnostis Striftombolas ( Greek : Αναγνώστης Στριφτόμπολας , 1778 - -1821 ) was a Greek revolutionary leader .
Norman Hitchcock ( born circa 1929 in Oklahoma -- died August 28 , 2006 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ) was an American Pool player .
Liam Burns ( born 30 October 1978 ) is a Northern Irish former professional footballer who played as a centre - back .
Alberto Ibargüen ( born February 29 , 1944 ) is President and CEO of the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation in Miami , Florida .
Halima Begum ( Bengali : হালিনা বেগম ; born 18 October 1975 ) is a British civil servant , international development professional and Director Education of East Asia at the British Council .
Richard A. Lanham ( born 1936 ) is probably most widely known for his textbooks on revising prose to improve style and clarify thought .
Zhang Baixi ( simplified Chinese : 张百熙 ; traditional Chinese : 張百熙 ; pinyin : Zhāng Bǎixī ; Courtesy Yěqiū ( 埜秋 ) ; Posthumous name : Wéndá ( 文達 ) ) ( 1847 -- March 30 , 1907 ) was a Chinese government official during the late Qing Dynasty who is known for initializing the education reform .
Nikos Pourtoulidis ( Greek : Νίκος Πορτουλίδης ; born 7 October 1983 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis in the Greek Football League .
Tacumwah ( c. 1720 -- c. 1790 ) , alternate spelling `` Taucumwah '' , aka Marie - Louise Pacanne Richerville ( Richardville ) , was a businesswoman and prominent chieftess of the Miami tribe .
Azotti was born in Kiev , Ukraine , on 23 February 1985 , and grew up in Litky ( a small village on the outskirts of Kiev ) .
Jérémie Galland ( born 8 April 1983 ) is a French former professional road cyclist , who competed as a professional between 2007 and 2013 .
Charles Richard Crane ( 1858 - -1939 ) was a wealthy American businessman , heir to a large industrial fortune and connoisseur of Arab culture , a noted Arabist .
Mauro Di Francesco ( born 17 May 1951 ) is an Italian actor , comedian and television personality .
Moustafá Moustafá ( Greek : Μουσταφά Μουσταφά ; born 1955 ) is a Greek politician of Turkish descent .
Dawn Olivieri ( born on 8 February 1981 ) is an American actress , model and voice actress who has appeared in a number of television shows and feature films .
Constantinos Decavallas ( born 1925 Athens ) is a Greek modernist architect .
Charles Clinton ( 1690 -- 19 November 1773 ) was an Anglo - Irish soldier in colonial America .
Noralma Vera Arrata ( born 28 August 1936 ) is a former Ecuadorian prima ballerina and choreographer .
Govind Das Richharia ( born 26 February 1920 ) was a leader of Indian National Congress .
Roman Bugaj ( born 9 August 1973 ) is a Polish heavyweight boxer .
Karin Astrid Maria Hjulström ( born 31 August 1963 ) , better known as Carin Hjulström , is a Swedish television presenter , journalist and author .
Karen Farley ( born 2 September 1970 ) is a former English women 's international footballer .
David Zwilling ( born 24 August 1949 ) is an Austrian former alpine skier and world champion .
Barry Goldin ( born 24 July 1978 ) is a BriSCA Formula 2 Stock Cars racing driver from Bolton , Greater Manchester who races under number 401 .
Paul Ghalioungui or Ghalioungi ( 1908 - -1987 ) ( Arabic : بول غليونجي‎ ) , MD ( Cairo ) , MRCP ( Lond ) , Professor of Medicine and former Chairman of Internal Medicine department , Ain Shams University Faculty of Medicine .
Basanta Regmi ( first name also spelled as Basant ) ( Nepali : वसन्त रेग्मी ) ( born 6 April 1986 ) is a Nepalese cricketer .
Arno Funke ( born 14 March 1950 ) , alias Dagobert , is a reformed German extortionist , now an author .
Sajad Abarghouei Nejad ( born on 17 September 1987 ) in Isfahan is a footballer .
Fiona Thornewill ( born 10 July 1966 ) is an English explorer who reached the South Pole solo and unaided in a record 42 days in 2004 , walking and skiing over 700 miles in the process .
John Schoonraad ( born 2 October 1952 ) is a life - cast and special effects artist and has more than 2000 lifecasts under his belt throughout his 30 year career .
Amos Tutuola ( 20 June 1920 -- 8 June 1997 ) was a Nigerian writer famous for his books based in part on Yoruba folk - tales .
Kayne Tremills ( born 23 January 1987 ) is an Australian television presenter best known for his role as a host on Australian children 's television programme Studio 3 , which is broadcast on ABC3 .
Lula Galvão ( born Luiz Guilherme Farias Galvão in 1962 in Brasilia ) is a Brazilian guitarist .
Neville Gruzman , AM ( 1925 -- 1 May 2005 ) was an Australian architect , mayor of Woollahra , writer and architectural activist .
John Walter Guerrier Lund CBE FRS ( 27 November 1912 - March 21 , 2015 ) was an English phycologist .
Jargalsaikhany Enkhbayar ( Mongolian : Жаргалсайханы Энхбаяр ; born 31 July 1977 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Judy Dan ( Chinese : 但茱迪 ) ( born 1931 ) is a Chinese - American actress .
The eldest son of William Munk , an ironmonger , and his wife Jane Kenward , he was born on 24 September 1816 at Battle , Sussex , and after education at University College , London , graduated M.D. at the University of Leiden in 1837 .
Friedrich von Hausen ( Middle High German : Friderich von Hûsen ) was a mediaeval German poet , one of the earliest of the Minnesingers ; born some time between 1150 - -60 ; d. 6 May 1190 .
Christopher John Millar ( born 30 July 1955 ) , known by his stage name Rat Scabies , is a musician best known for his tenure as the drummer for The Damned .
Norman Burtenshaw ( born February 1926 ) is an English former football referee , who officiated in the English Football League and was also on the FIFA list .
Sergio María Ginés Jesús Hernández y Martinez ( born 1 July 1959 ) , known by his supporters as Gregory XVIII , is the current pope of the Palmarian Catholic Church .
Henk Nijhof ( born 8 April 1952 ) is a Dutch politician and former educator .
Alison Stephens ( 1 March 1970 -- 10 October 2010 ) was an English classical mandolin player and film musician .
Liu Qibao ( Chinese : 刘奇葆 ; pinyin : Liú Qíbǎo ; born January 1953 ) is a Chinese politician .
Alois Heldmann 's native town was Grevenbrück , 100 km eastern from Cologne , where he was born on 2 December 1895 .
Lidija Liepiņa ( Latvian pronunciation : ( ˈli.di.ja ˈli͡ɛ.pi.ɲa ) , Russian : Лидия Карловна Лепинь ; 4 April 1891 -- 4 September 1985 ) was a Latvian chemist , and one of the first women to receive a doctorate in chemistry in Russia .
Fr . Ivan Payne ( born August 1943 ) is an Irish Roman Catholic priest and convicted child molester .
Krisztián Lovassy ( Budapest , born 23 June 1988 . -- ) is a Hungarian road bicycle racer .
Sigrid Lorenzen Rupp ( 1943 -- May 27 , 2004 ) was a German - American architect .
Kane Brigg ( born 14 January 1988 ) is a retired Australian high jumper and triple jumper .
Iarfhlaith Davoren ( born 12 May 1986 ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a left back or left winger for Tulsa Roughnecks FC in the USL .
Peter Van Hooke ( born 6 April 1950 ) is a British rock drummer who was the drummer for the English band Mike + The Mechanics ( from 1985 to 1995 ) and also drummed for Van Morrison 's band , Headstone , and Ezio .
Master E. S. ( c. 1420 -- c. 1468 ; previously known as the Master of 1466 ) is an unidentified German engraver , goldsmith , and printmaker of the late Gothic period .
Philippe de Gaspé Beaubien , OC ( born 1928 ) , is a Canadian media proprietor , who was chairman and CEO of Telemedia .
Jochem Jacobs ( born 26 March 1977 ) is a Dutch guitarist , producer and recording engineer , noted for his work as founder , guitarist and producer for Textures .
Khalid Adem ( born 1975 ) is an Ethiopian American who was both the first person prosecuted and first person convicted for female genital mutilation ( FGM ) in the United States , stemming from charges that he had personally excised his 2-year - old daughter 's clitoris with a pair of scissors .
William Christopher Friley , known as W. C. Friley ( July 12 , 1845 -- April 11 , 1911 ) , was a Southern Baptist clergyman and college president .
Max Jeffers ( 14 November 1929 -- 29 January 1988 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Stephen Yenser ( born 1941 Wichita , Kansas ) is an American poet and literary critic who has published two acclaimed volumes of verse , as well as books on James Merrill , Robert Lowell , and an assortment of contemporary poets .
Paulo Carcasci ( Sao Paulo , 7 January 1964 ) is a former Brazilian racing driver .
Pierre Moukoko Mbonjo ( born 25 July 1954 ) is a Cameroonian politician who served in the government of Cameroon as Minister for External Relations from 2011 to 2015 .
Susan Christine O'Meara Getzendanner ( born 1939 ) is a former United States federal judge , and in 2013 was listed as a NAFTA adjudicator .
Richard Dumbrill ( born 19 November 1938 in Wandsworth , England ) is a former South African cricketer who played in five Tests from 1965 to 1966 .
Frederick William Nolan ( born 7 March 1931 in Liverpool ) is an English editor and writer , mostly known as Frederick Nolan ; he also uses the pen names Donald Severn , Daniel Rockfern , Christine McGuire , and Frederick H. Christian .
Paul Sharry ( born 14 January 1989 ) is a Westmeath Gaelic footballer .
Arthur Conlin ( 1883 - -1947 ) was a pioneer Australian rugby league footballer of the early 20th century .
Maurice Nicoll ( 19 July 1884 -- 30 August 1953 ) was a British psychiatrist , author and noted Fourth Way teacher .
Bruce Odland ( born 1952 in Milwaukee ) is a composer and sound artist known for public space sound installations .
Jan Jiraský ( born 1973 Vysoké Mýto ) is a Czech pianist and pedagogue .
Gino Peruzzi Lucchetti ( Spanish pronunciation : ( peˈruθi ) , locally : ( peˈrusi ) ; born 9 June 1992 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a right back for Boca Juniors in the Argentine First Division .
Majida El Roumi Baradhy ( Arabic : ماجدة الرومي برادعي‎ ; born 13 December 1956 ) is a Lebanese soprano .
Howard Merrill Shelley ( 1879 - 1956 ) was known primarily as a Philadelphia theater and opera personality .
Spencer Fearon ( born 20 December 1973 , London , England ) is a boxing promoter and media personality .
Antonio Franja ( born 8 June 1978 ) is a retired Croatian professional footballer who played as a left winger .
Nathaniel Foote ( 21 September 1592 -- 20 November 1644 ) , was an early English immigrant to Connecticut who was born in Colchester , England .
Gao Guangbin ( Chinese : 高广滨 ; born May 1963 ) is a Chinese politician , serving since 2015 as the Executive Vice Governor of Jilin and a member of the Jilin provincial Party Standing Committee .
Hermann Berthelsen ( born 2 March 1956 ) is a Greenlandic politician and affiliated with the Siumut party .
Nathaniel Lardner ( 6 June 1684 -- 24 July 1768 ) was an English theologian .
Vygantas Čekaitis ( 28 March 1961 - 22 June 2008 ) was a Lithuanian sprint canoer .
Tzeli Hadjidimitriou was born in Mytilene , Lesbos in 1962 from a family of primary school teachers .
Peyman Hooshmandzadeh ( born 1969 in Tehran ) is an Iranian photographer and author .
Mihajlo Zurković ( Serbian : Михајло Зурковић ; born 1978 ) is a Serbian pianist who was born in Sombor and completed elementary music school there .
Hannah England ( born 6 March 1987 ) is a British middle - distance running athlete who specialises in the 800 metres , 1500 metres and mile run .
Thomas Jeannerot ( born 30 March 1984 ) is a French professional athlete in parachuting .
Marc Stears ( born 1971 ) is a British political theorist , and Professor of Political Theory and Fellow of University College , Oxford .
Rajiv Ranjan Singh ( born 24 January 1955 ) is the Cabinet Minister for Road Construction and Science & Technology Departments in the Bihar Cabinet under Nitish Kumar .
Anri Matsumura ( born 21 June 1991 ) is a Japanese handball player who plays for the club Hiroshima Maple Reds .
Harri Mänty ( born 31 July 1971 in Västerås ) is a Swedish musician , brought up in Finland , who was a member of the Swedish pop - rock band Kent between 1996 and 2006 .
Warren Goodhind ( born 16 August 1977 ) is a South African professional footballer who last played as a right back for Thurrock .
Berthold Weisz a Hungarian deputy ; born at Budapest in 1845 .
Sun Yung Shin ( born 1974 ) is a Korean American poet , writer and educator living in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Yannos Margaziotis ( born 1967 ) is a Greek violinist with a career as a soloist with several major orchestras and ensembles including the Greek National Opera Orchestra , the Athens State Orchestra , the Royal Danish Orchestra , and the Orchestra of Contemporary Music of the Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation .
Enam Ali , MBE , FIH , FRSA ( Bengali : এনাম আলি ; born 1 December 1960 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British businessman .
Vinesh Phogat ( born 25 August 1994 ) is an Indian wrestler who comes from a very successful background of wrestling with her cousins Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumari , both international wrestlers and Commonwealth Games medallists as well .
Peter Wollen ( born 29 June 1938 in London ) is a film theorist and writer .
Yani Tseng ( Chinese : 曾雅妮 Zēng Yǎní ; born 23 January 1989 ) is a Taiwanese professional golfer playing on the U.S .- based LPGA Tour .
Todd Payten ( born 18 January 1979 in Parramatta , New South Wales ) is a former Australian professional rugby league footballer and current assistant coach for the North Queensland Cowboys in the National Rugby League ( NRL ) .
João Tiago Oliveira Rodrigues ( born 15 March 1988 ) , simply known as Carela is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Oliveirense mainly as a right back .
Elia Favilli ( born 31 January 1989 ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who rides for UCI World Tour team Lampre - Merida .
Shirley Bottolfsen ( born 12 February 1934 ) is an Irish woman who lives in Bodø , Norway .
Igor Bachner ( born 16 September 1946 ) is a retired Czechoslovak - born Canadian football player .
Samantha Bond ( born 27 November 1961 ) is an English actress , best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years .
Kubilay Uygun ( born 1955 in Ankara ) is a former Turkish politician known for switching parties during his single term in parliament ( 1995 - 1999 ) .
Marta Tomac ( born 20 September 1990 ) is a Norwegian - Croatian handball player .
Takis Würger ( born 1985 ) is a German investigative journalist , author , war correspondent and staff writer for Der Spiegel , reporting from warzone locales such as Afghanistan , Libya , Ukraine , and throughout the Middle East .
Phylis Smith ( née Watt , born 29 September 1965 ) is a former sprinter from Great Britain who won an Olympic bronze medal in the 4 x 400 metres relay in Barcelona 1992 .
Shavit Elimelech ( Hebrew : שביט אלימלך‎ , born 7 September 1971 ) is a retired Israeli football goalkeeper .
Fanny Sanín Sader ( born 1938 ) is a Colombian born artist from Bogotá who resides in New York City .
Gavin Walsh ( born 1965 or 1966 ) is an Irish computer programmer , non - fiction writer , and collector of rare music memorabilia .
Elena Cué ( 1972 ) is a Spanish businesswoman , art expert and writer .
Delia Matache ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈdelia maˈtake ) , born 7 February 1982 ) , known by the stage name of Delia , is a famous Romanian eurobeat singer - songwriter , TV celebrity , dancer , philanthropist , former model , fashion designer , and coach from television music competition franchise X Factor .
Barbara Jacobs Rothstein ( born 1939 ) is a United States District Judge on senior status since September 1 , 2011 , having served on the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington from February 20 , 1980 .
Xue Yuanchao ( Chinese : 薛元超 ; 622 - -683 ) , formal name Xue Zhen ( 薛振 ) but went by the courtesy name of Yuanchao , formally Baron of Fenyin ( 汾陰男 ) , was an official of the Chinese Tang Dynasty who served as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong .
Kenny Elissonde ( born 22 July 1991 ) is a French professional road cyclist , currently riding for FDJ .
Sam Sunderland ( born 15 April 1989 in Poole ) is a Dubai - based British rally raid motorcycle rider , best known for his participation in the Dakar Rally .
Amila Eranga ( full name Amila Eranga Witharana ; born 23 September 1986 ) is a Sri Lankan cricketer .
Ivana Španović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ивана Шпановић , born 10 May 1990 ) is a Serbian long jumper , reigning European indoor champion .
Emilio Merino Lacoste ( born 3 February 1950 ) was the 35th Mayor of the commune of Pichilemu , office which he held between 1983 and 30 August 1984 , after being appointed by the military government of General Augusto Pinochet .
Matteo Liviero ( born 13 April 1993 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Lecce , on loan from Juventus , as a left back or as a wide midfielder .
Ruth Stuber Jeanne ( née Stuber ; b. 13 May 1910 , Chicago ; d. 6 Apr. 2004 , Newark , Ohio ) was an American marimbist , percussionist , violinist , and arranger .
Guerin Austin ( /ˈɡɛrən ˈɔːstən/ ; born November 30 , 1980 ) is a television host , model and beauty queen from Seattle , Washington who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Belaynesh Oljira Jemama ( born 26 June 1990 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who competes mainly in 10 K and half marathon races .
Takatsugu Uda ( born 25 October 1991 ) is a Japanese cross country skier .
Stewart McAllister ( 27 December 1914 -- 27 November 1962 ) was a British documentary film editor who collaborated closely with Humphrey Jennings during the Second World War to produce films for the Crown Film Unit of the Ministry of Information .
Trent Vanegas ( born 12 July 1974 ) is an American blogger from Michigan who is best known for his celebrity gossip blog , Pink is the New Blog ( PITNB for short ) , which he launched in 2004 .
Chris Bachelder ( born 1971 ) is an American writer , e - book pioneer and frequent contributor to the publications McSweeney 's Quarterly Concern and The Believer .
Jelena Lengold ( born 1959 in Kruševac ) is a Serbian poet , novelist and journalist .
Antigone Metaxa - Krontera ( Greek : Αντιγόνη Μεταξά-Κροντηρά ; 1905 - -1972 ) was a Greek children 's author .
Lonnie Dupre ( born 17 April 1961 ) is a contemporary Arctic explorer whose achievements include the first Pacific to Atlantic winter traversal of the Northwest Passage by dog sled in 1991 and the first human - powered circumnavigation of Greenland , by sled and kayak , in 2001 .
Sankho Chaudhuri ( 25 February 1916 -- 28 August 2006 ) was an Indian sculptor , a noted figure in the art scene of India .
Irinej Dobrijević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иринеј Добријевић , English : Irenaeus Dobrijević ; United States , Cleveland 6 February 1955 ) is a Serbian Orthodox Bishop of Metropolitan of Australia and New Zealand .
William Dale Cardwell ( born 1962 in Greenville , Kentucky ) is a consumer investigator and television journalist based in Atlanta , Georgia .
Knut Bohwim ( born 12 March 1931 ) is a leading Norwegian film director .
Frank Swift Chase ( 12 March 1886 -- 3 July 1958 ) was an American Post - Impressionist landscape painter and a founder of the Woodstock Artists Association in Woodstock , New York , the art colony at Nantucket , Massachusetts , and the Sarasota School of Art in Florida .
Gene Petit ( May 19 c. 1949 -- September 29 , 2013 ) was an American professional wrestler best known for his portrayal of Cousin Luke in the World Wrestling Federation .
Tharcisse Gashaka ( born 18 December 1962 ) is a Burundian athlete who specialized in marathon and long - distance running .
Padmavathy Bandopadhyay ( born 4 November 1944 ) is the first woman Air Marshal of the Indian Air Force .
Alibhai Mulla Jeevanjee ( 1856 - -1936 ) was an Indian merchant , politician and philanthropist who went on to play a large role in the development of modern day Kenya during colonial rule .
Einar Jansen ( 27 March 1893 -- 13 December 1960 ) was a Norwegian historian , genealogist and archivist .
Protais Zigiranyirazo ( born 1938 ? ) commonly known as Monsieur Zed ( `` Mr . Z '' ) , is a Rwandan businessman and politician .
Guru Tegh Bahadur ( Punjabi : ਗੁਰੂ ਤੇਗ਼ ਬਹਾਦਰ , Punjabi pronunciation : ( ɡʊru teɣ bəhɑdʊɾ ) ; 1 April 1621 -- 24 November 1675 , ) , revered as the ninth Nanak , was the ninth of ten Gurus ( Prophets ) of the Sikh religion .
Steve Brignall ( born 12 June 1960 ) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Arsenal .
Leander Ditscheiner ( 4 January 1839 -- 1 February 1905 ) was an Austrian physicist and mathematician , best known for his research on birefringence .
Ruth Posner ( born 20 April 1933 as Ruth Wajsberg ) is a Polish Holocaust survivor , former dancer and choreographer and is today an actress and a former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
Odysseu Guy Ramos ( born 16 August 1985 ) is a Cape Verdean international footballer who plays professionally as a centre back .
Kenneth Amis ( born 1970 ) is the tuba player with the Empire Brass .
Girolamo da Ponte also known as Gerolamo Bassano ( 3 June 1566 -- 8 Nov 1621 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period .
Sharon Maguire ( born 28 November 1960 ) is a Welsh film director who came to prominence with Bridget Jones 's Diary .
James Schwarzenbach ( 5 August 1911 - 27 October 1994 ) was a right - wing , Republican Swiss politician and publicist .
Enzo Gragnaniello ( born 20 October 1954 ) is an Italian singer - songwriter and composer .
James Anthony Coburn ( 10 December 1927 -- 28 April 1977 ) was an Australian television writer and producer , who spent much of his professional career living and working in the United Kingdom .
Frederick Lowenheim ( 1870 - November 14 , 1929 ) was widely known for his front page magazine illustrations of the Country Gentleman and Woman 's Home Companion .
John Caesar ( 1764 -- 15 February 1796 ) , nicknamed `` Black Caesar '' , was the first Australian bushranger and one of the first people of recent African descent to arrive in Australia .
Mary Hunter Wolf ( 1905?--November 3 , 2000 ) , born Mary Hunter , was an American theater director and producer .
Štěpán Rak ( born 8 August 1945 ) is a Rusyn , Ukraine - born Czech classical guitarist and composer .
Keith Gillhouley ( 8 August 1934 , Crosland Moor , Huddersfield , Yorkshire , England ) is an English first - class cricketer , who played for twenty four games for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1961 , 83 for Nottinghamshire from 1963 to 1966 , and one for the MCC in 1963 .
Zoe Newson ( born 24 March 1992 ) is a British Powerlifter .
Pierre - Ambroise Bosse ( born 11 May 1992 ) is a French athlete competing in middle distance running .
Shazad Latif ( born July 1988 ) is a British actor , who starred in the BBC TV series Spooks as the highly skilled technician and data analyst Tariq Masood in series 8 - -10 .
Astratijs Roškovs ( born 1939 ) is a former Lithuanian - Russian - Latvian football central defender who from 1960 to 1970 played for FK Daugava Rīga .
Choi York Yee ( Chinese : 蔡育瑜 ; Jyutping : coi3 juk6 jyu4 , born 11 May 1953 ) is a retired Hong Kong football player and is now a sports commentator in Hong Kong .
Łukasz Adamczyk ( 24 December 1982 ) is a Polish footballer , currently based in Belfast , Northern Ireland and playing for Newry City F.C ..
Daniel G. Birmingham ( born 1968 ) , better known as `` Dan Birmingham '' , is the Chairman of the nine - member County Legislature in Putnam County , New York .
Marty McMillan ( born 17 February 1953 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1970s .
Eder Kurti ( born 29 October 1984 ) is a British Professional boxer with Albanian heritage who competes in the supper middleweight division currently residing in Woolwich , London .
Algis Kizys ( born in Chicago , 1960 ) is a New York City bass guitarist most well known for his long - time membership in New York band Swans .
Andy Cato ( born Andrew Derek Cocup ; 7 June 1969 ) is an English musician , producer and DJ who is currently one half of the electronic music band , Groove Armada , the other half being Tom Findlay .
Frederick Wilkes ( 1869 -- after 1892 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath .
Ali Morteza Samsam Bakhtiari ( 1945 - 2007 ) was a senior expert employed by the National Iranian Oil Company ( NIOC ) .
Known as `` Teddy Niedermaier '' , Edward Niedermaier was born in November 1983 in Annapolis , MD , and grew up in Minneapolis , MN .
Ludger Fischer ( born 30 October 1957 in Essen ) is a German historian on building history , reviewer of contemporary architecture and political scientist .
Kira Poutanen ( born 1974 ) is a Finnish Nobel listed writer , translator and actress .
Paul Blackford ( * 1982 ) is a Detroit - influenced electro artist , best known for fast bass driven electro .
Skyla ( born Lucy Batty ; 5 March 1991 ) is an English dance singer from Altrincham .
Noël Valis ( born 24 December 1945 ) is a writer , scholar and translator .
Tony Mansfield ( born 19 January 1955 ) is an English songwriter , musician and record producer .
Diego de Arroyo , a miniature painter , who was born at Toledo in 1498 , is supposed to have studied either in Italy or under an Italian master .
Kieran McGuinness ( born 8 July 1983 ) is an Australian rules footballer who formerly played with the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Sewell Collins ( 1876 - -1934 ) was an American dramatist and producer .
Vincent Solano ( 1923 - -1992 ) was a gangster , a caporegime for the Chicago Outfit who ran a corrupt Laborers Union local in Chicago .
Sir Charles Michael Dennis Byron ( born July 1943 ) is the President of the Caribbean Court of Justice .
Gundis Zámbó ( born 5 June 1966 in Gratwein , Styria ) is a German actress with Austrian and Hungarian origin .
Irena Borowik ( born 1956 ) , is a Polish publisher and professor of religious studies at the Jagiellonian University in Krakow .
Valnice Milhomens Coelho ( born 16 July 1947 ) is a Brazilian pastor , apostle , author , and televangelist , founder and president of Ministério Palavra da Fé and the Igreja Nacional do Senhor Jesus Cristo ( Insejec ) , currently based in Brasilia .
Michael Urvan ( born 1973 ) was the first individual to successfully defend against a domain name dispute brought against an individual by a famous celebrity .
Irene Eber ( born 1930 in Halle , née Geminder ) is an Israeli Orientalist .
Prof . Rivka Carmi ( born 1948 ) is an Israeli pediatrician and geneticist who , since May 2006 , has served as President of Ben - Gurion University of the Negev .
Claudia Akdemir Udenta ( born 1965 ) is a German - Turkish writer and journalist .
Manya Joshi ( born 1972 ) is a Marathi poet based in Mumbai .
Bertie Brownlow ( born 20 May 1920 , in Portland , New South Wales ) was a Tasmanian cricket player , who played first class cricket for Tasmania eight times between the 1952 - -53 season until the 1956 - -57 season .
Angela Vincent ( born 1942 ) is a professor at Somerville College of Oxford University .
Pavle Nenadović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Павле Ненадовић , pronounced ( pâːʋle nenǎːdoʋit͡ɕ ) ; 1703 - -1768 ) was the Serbian Orthodox Metropolitan of Karlovci from 1749 to 1768 .
Jeanne Martinet ( born March 24 , 1920 ) , a recognized semiotician , is proprietor of a semiotics school .
Philip Heselton ( born 1946 ) is a retired British Conservation Officer , a Wiccan initiate , and a writer on the subjects of Wicca , Paganism and Earth mysteries .
Edward Dryhurst ( 1904 - 1989 ) was an English screenwriter , film producer and director .
Exodus Lale ( born 21 September 2005 ) is a Brisbane , Australian - born performer , actor and singer who plays Young Simba in Disney 's the Lion King Musical Australian tour .
Boris Gardiner ( born 13 January 1943 ) is a Jamaican singer , songwriter and bass guitarist .
Noah Ashenhurst ( born 1972 ) is the author of the novel Comfort Food which won the 2006 Independent Publisher Book Award for Best Regional Fiction ( West - Pacific ) .
Neil Humphreys ( born London , England , 5 December 1974 ) is a British humour columnist and author of three best - selling humorous books about Singapore - Notes From an Even Smaller Island ( 2001 ) , Scribbles from the Same Island ( 2003 ) and Final Notes from a Great Island ( 2006 ) .
Haris Tarin ( born 1978 ) is an Afghan American Muslim leader .
Mimi Alemayehou ( born 1969 ) is a development finance executive who served as Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation ( OPIC ) from March 2010 to April 2014 .
Amon Buchanan ( born 10 October 1982 ) is a former Australian rules football who played for the Brisbane Lions and the Sydney Swans in the AFL .
Matylda Kowal ( née Szlęzak ; born 11 January 1989 in Rzeszów ) is a Polish middle- and long - distance runner .
Atanas Mladenov ( Bulgarian : Атанас Младенов , born 3 January 1960 ) is a retired Bulgarian high jumper .
Antonio Rodríguez Medero ( 1712 - April 10 , 1760 ) was the mayor of San Antonio , Texas in 1741 .
Margaret Susan Cheshire , Baroness Ryder of Warsaw and Baroness Cheshire , CMG , OBE ( 3 July 1924 -- 2 November 2000 ) , best known as Sue Ryder , was a British volunteer with Special Operations Executive in the Second World War , who afterwards led many charitable organisations , notably the charity named in her honour .
Mike Furber ( 28 September 1948 -- 10 May 1973 ) was an English - born entertainer popular in the mid-1960s as the lead singer of Mike Furber and the Bowery Boys .
Franck Moutsinga ( born 12 August 1985 ) is a German international rugby union player , playing for the Berliner RC in the Rugby - Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team .
Orazio Samacchini ( 20 December 1532 -- 12 June 1577 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Renaissance and Mannerist style , active in Rome , Parma , and his native city .
Al Aspen ( 5 June 1893 Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- 1956 ) was an American racecar driver .
Franklin Cox ( born Charleston , Illinois , United States , 1961 ) is an American composer and cellist .
Ofra Strauss ( Hebrew : עפרה שטראוס‎ ; born 22 August 1960 ) is an Israeli businesswoman .
Rob Gell AM ( born 25 August 1952 ) is a geomorphologist and weather presenter , with a degree in meteorology .
Günter Ambraß ( born 16 September 1955 ) is a retired East German weightlifter who competed in the lightweight category .
Nataša Petrović ( Macedonian : Наташа Петровиќ ; Serbian : Наташа Петровић ; born 31 August 1988 ) , also known as Natasha Petrovic , is a Macedonian actress of Serbian descent .
Hezekiah da Silva ( also Hezekiah Silva ) ( 1659 - -1698 ) ( Hebrew : חזקיה בן דוד די סילוא ) was a Jewish author born at Livorno , Grand Duchy of Tuscany , son - in - law of the dayan Mordecai Befael Malachi .
Amin Tarif ( Arabic : أمين طريف‎ , Hebrew : אמין טריף ; born 1898 , died October 2 , 1993 ) was the qadi , or spiritual leader , of the Druze in Palestine and then Israel from 1928 till his death in 1993 .
Li Xuepeng ( simplified Chinese : 李学鹏 ; traditional Chinese : 李學鵬 ; pinyin : Lǐ Xuépéng ; born 18 September 1988 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
St. John Emile Clavering Hankin ( 25 September 1869 -- 15 June 1909 ) was a British Edwardian essayist and playwright .
Jess Robinson ( born 1 February 1983 in London ) , is an English comedy actress and impressionist .
Sharanya Srinivas ( born 3 January 1991 ) is an Indian vocalist who has notably worked in Tamil films as a playback singer .
Daniel Sarokon ( 1928 - January 1 , 2006 ) was a NASA Launch Conductor , described as ' one of the most influential people in the history of space travel .
William Hendy Harrison ( 27 May 1863 -- 15 July 1939 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played three matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club , against Middlesex , Cambridge University and Sussex in 1888 .
Harry Bickerton ( 1922 - -1994 ? ) was a British engineer in the fields of aerospace engineering , aircraft engine design , and bicycle construction and design .
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Shmuk ( Russian : Александр Александрович Шмук ) ( November 9 ( O.S. 28 October ) 1886 in Moscow - January 22 , 1945 , Moscow ) was a Soviet biochemist and recipient of the Stalin Prize in 1942 .
Burkat Shudi ( variants : Burkhart , Burkhardt , Schudi , Tschudi , Tshudi ) ( 13 March 1702 -- 19 August 1773 ) was an English harpsichord maker of Swiss origin .
Serkan Özkaya ( 1973 ) is a Turkish conceptual artist whose work deals with topics of appropriation and reproduction , and typically operates outside of traditional art spaces .
Dakota Darsow ( born 1987 ) is an American professional wrestler .
Juan José Lerena y Barry ( Cádiz , 1796 - -Madrid , 1863 ) was a Spanish naval captain who attempted to establish Spanish control over the Gulf of Guinea during the mid - nineteenth century .
David Holton ( born 1946 ) is a British professor of Modern Greek at the University of Cambridge .
Denny Laine ( born Brian Frederick Hines , 29 October 1944 ) is an English musician , singer , songwriter and guitarist .
Edward William Binney FRS , FGS ( 1812 - -1882 ) was an English geologist .
Anita Włodarczyk ( born 8 August 1985 ) is a Polish hammer thrower , and the first woman in history to throw the hammer over 80 m ; she currently holds the women 's world record of 81.08 m .
Kanny Theng ( born 10 March 1987 ) is a Singaporean model turned actress .
Walter Fyrst ( né Fürst ; 6 July 1901 -- 23 February 1993 ) was a Norwegian filmmaker .
William E. Dunn ( born 1926 ) was elected mayor of Murray , Utah for two four - year terms during 1965 - 1970 , and elected as a Salt Lake County Commissioner from 1970 to 1979 .
Georgios Hatziioannidis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Χατζηιωαννίδης ; born 1951 in Soviet Union ) is a Greek wrestler .
Tony Cohen ( b. 1956 ) is an Australian music record producer and sound engineer based in Melbourne .
Maryna Godwin ( later Maryna Proctor , born 9 September 1944 ) is a retired South African tennis player .
Peter Nigri ( Latinized from Schwartz ) , known also as Peter George Niger ( b. 1434 at Kaaden in Bohemia ; d. between 1481 and 1484 ) , was a Dominican theologian , preacher and controversialist .
Lisa Gormley ( born 29 September 1984 ) is an English - born Australian actress and best known for playing Bianca Scott on the Channel 7 serial drama Home and Away .
Lieutenant - General Kanwar Bahadur Singh , MBE , ( 5 August 1910 -- 8 May 2007 ) was a senior officer in the Indian Army .
Richard Bowchier was the Archdeacon of Lewes from 1693 until 1723 .
Claude Littner ( born 1949 ) is a British business executive and the former chairman of Viglen , also known from his appearances on the BBC - produced British version of The Apprentice , interviewing for his former boss Alan Sugar .
Alex Mutucumarana ( born 15 June 1979 ) is a cricketer .
Gavin Relly ( 1926 in Cape Town , South Africa -- 10 January 1999 in Hermanus , South Africa ) was a South African businessman and former chairman of Anglo American .
Eliodoro Camacho ( 1831 -- 1899 ) was a noted Bolivian politician , party leader , and presidential candidate .
Rabbi Avigdor Nebenzahl ( born 1935 ) is the former chief rabbi of the Old City of Jerusalem after handing over the post to his son Rabbi Chizkiyahu Nebenzahl who also learns in Yeshivat Netiv Aryeh , Rabbi of the Ramban Synagogue , a posek and a noted author of weekly essays on the torah portion .
William Arnold Bromfield ( 1801 - -1851 ) , was an English botanist .
George Boateng ( born 5 September 1975 ) is a former Dutch footballer who is of Ghanaian descent .
Roger Laurin ( born 1936 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses in the United States and Canada .
Anirvan Ghosh was born in 1964 in Bloomington , Indiana and grew up in Kanpur , India .
Edwin K. Barker ( born 8 August 1928 ) was the first principal of Iowa City West High School , and was chosen as one of the 150 most notable people in the 150 year history of Iowa City , Iowa .
Sir Edward Albert Stone KCMG ( 9 March 1844 -- 2 April 1920 ) was an Australian lawyer , lieutenant governor , politician and the fourth Chief Justice of Western Australia .
Hjalmar Waage ( 8 February 1892 -- 1939 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and writer .
Richard Platt ( born 15 April 1953 ) is a British writer of nonfiction and information books and multimedia works , primarily for children .
Leonard Whiting ( born 30 June 1950 ) is an English actor who is best known for his role as Romeo in the 1968 Zeffirelli film version of Romeo and Juliet opposite Olivia Hussey 's Juliet , a role which earned him the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year - Actor .
Louise Hulland ( born 6 September 1979 in Burnley , Lancashire ) is an English presenter and journalist currently working for ITV London , ITV News , BBC Watchdog and BBC London 94.9 .
Ger Owens ( Gerald , Gerry ) born 13 July 1979 in Dublin is an Irish sailor .
Juana Alicia Araiza ( born 1953 ) is a muralist , printmaker , educator , activist and , painter .
Mary - Anne Fahey ( born 19 August 1955 as Mary - Anne Waterman ) is an Australian actress , comedian and writer .
Emanuel Dimas de Melo Pimenta ( born 1957 ) is a Brazilian musician , architect , and intermedia artist .
Li Fanwen ( simplified Chinese : 李范文 ; traditional Chinese : 李範文 ) ( born November 1932 ) is a Chinese linguist and Tangutologist .
Peter Long ( born 4 June 1952 ) is an English businessman and Joint Chief Executive of TUI Group
Zacheus Isham , D.D. ( 1651 - -1705 ) was a Church of England clergyman and religious author .
Harm Lagaay ( 28 December 1946 , The Hague ) is a Dutch automobile designer .
Emil Farkas ( Born 1946 ) is a Hungarian American martial arts instructor and writer known for his appearances in numerous films and in television shows .
Low Thia Khiang ( simplified Chinese : 刘程强 ; traditional Chinese : 劉程強 ; pinyin : Liú Chéngqiáng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Lâu Thiâⁿ-kiàng ; born 5 September 1956 ) is a Singaporean politician and businessman .
Salaheddine Bassir ( Arabic : صلاح الدين بصير‎ ) ( born 5 September 1972 ) is a former Moroccan football player .
Marcella Polain ( born 1958 ) is an Australian - resident poet , novelist and short fiction writer .
Pythagoras Papastamatiou ( Greek : Πυθαγόρας Παπασταματίου , 1930 -- November 12 , 1979 ) , mainly known by the mononym Pythagoras , was a Greek lyricist and playwright .
Marina Azyabina ( Russian : Марина Азябина ; born 15 June 1963 ) is a retired Russian hurdler .
Ahmet Şık ( IPA : ( ähme̞t̪ ʃɯk ) ; born 1970 , Adana ) is a Turkish investigative journalist , author of several books , and a trade unionist .
Mehdi Bagheri ( Persian : مهدی باقری‎‎ ) , ( born 16 November 1980 ) , is an Iranian kamancheh player and composer .
Klaus Behrens ( born 3 August 1941 ) is a retired German rower who was most successful in the eights .
Zeng Guo Yuan ( simplified Chinese : 曾国原 ; traditional Chinese : 曾國原 ; pinyin : Zēng Guŏyuán ; born 1953 ) , also known as Zeng Guoyan , Thomas Chan Hock Seng and , erroneously , Zeng Guoyung , is a Singaporean businessman , philanthropist , politician , author , and former acupuncturist .
Daniel Tarantola was born in Ajaccio ( Corsica ) , France , in 1942 .
Ofek Fishler ( Hebrew : אופק פישלר‎ ; born 24 August 1996 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Haifa .
Ignacio Canto ( born 21 January 1981 ) is a Spanish épée fencer .
Park Sea - kyun ( born 1 June 1971 ) is a South Korean Paralympian shooter .
Janice Hally ( born 18 March 1959 ) is a Scottish playwright and television screenwriter who has written more than 300 broadcast hours of prime - time British television drama serials and individual screenplays .
Robin Batteau ( born 12 January 1948 ) is an American Grammy - winning , Emmy - winning , Clio - winning , and Oscar - nominated composer , singer - songwriter - soloist and music producer .
Shen Chen ( Chinese : 沈晨 ; pinyin : Shěn Chén ; born 28 July 1990 ) is a Chinese sabre fencer .
Daniel Kjörling ( born 12 November 1973 ) is a Swedish former bandy player who most recently played for Västerås SK as a goalkeeper .
Bessie Bardot ( born Bessie Wilson on 10 September 1974 ) is an Australian businesswoman , author , body model , television host , and socialite .
Anna Hingley ( born 1982 ) is the first woman to ride on horseback across the Australian Outback , which she completed on 5 August 2006 .
Ernst Lorsy , ( in Hungarian : Lorsy Ernő , born 28 November 1889 in Mezőszilas , Hungary -- 23 August 1960 in New York City ) Hungarian journalist , translator and historian of Jewish descent .
Emma Bossons ( born 1976 in Congleton , Cheshire ) is a ceramic artist and designer for Moorcroft Pottery .
Bobby Issazadhe(born 21 February 1961 ) is a Swedish former professional race car driver and Performance Racing team manager .
Norman Brudy ( 1919 - -2000 ) was a salesman , government lobbyist and a Canadian Communist politician and election candidate .
Alexander Svirsky or Alexander of Svir ( 1448 - -1533 ) was an Eastern Orthodox saint , monk and hegumen of Russian Orthodox Church .
Lawrence A. Oxley ( 1887- 1973 ) was one among 45 prominent black community leaders appointed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to what was called his Black Cabinet , positions in numerous executive agencies and to serve as advisers during his administration .
Bola Agbaje ( born c. 1981 ) is an award - winning British playwright of Nigerian origin , who is under commission with Paines Plough and Tiata Fahodzi .
Charles Jerry Vines ( born September 1937 ) is an American preacher and former pastor of the then nation 's third largest Southern Baptist church , the First Baptist Church of Jacksonville , Florida .
Juan Pablo Torres Amaya , stagename Pablo Ríos ( San Salvador , 9 November 1934 - 10 January 2006 ) was a Salvadorian popular singer .
Jacob Juel ( 1744 -- 21 April 1800 ) was a Norwegian timber trader and civil servant .
Kevork Malikyan ( born 2 June 1943 ) is an Anglo - Armenian actor and teacher .
Robert Wringham ( born Robert Westwood on 28 November 1982 ) is a British humorist , best known as the editor of New Escapologist magazine .
Heike John ( now Heike Walpot ; born 19 June 1960 ) is a retired German swimmer who won a bronze medal at the 1977 European Aquatics Championships .
Christopher Tookey ( born 9 April 1950 ) is an award - winning English film critic .
Alma Delia Fuentes ( born 22 January 1937 ) is a Mexican actress of film , television , and theatre .
William Stopford Kenny ( born 1788 ; died London , November 16 , 1867 ) was a British schoolmaster , a writer and compiler of educational works , and an accomplished chessplayer who published and translated several works on the game .
Jacques Testard de Montigny ( 1663 - -1737 ) was an officer in the colonial troupes de la marine of New France .
Carolyn Steinberg ( born 1956 ) is an American flutist and composer .
Born in Malaya on 29 September 1920 , Michael Codner was educated at Bedford School and Exeter College , Oxford University .
Ashok Patki ( born 25 August 1941 ) is an Indian music director and composer ; working predominantly in Marathi cinema , theatre and television .
Ejnar Knudsen III ( born 1968 ) is a US investment manager who focuses on food and agriculture investments .
Maria Zemankova ( born 6 January 1951 ) is a Computer Scientist who is known for the theory and implementation of the first Fuzzy Relational Database System .
Albert Boyd Douglas , known as Boyd Douglas ( born 13 July 1950 ) is a politician in Northern Ireland .
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Haversham Godwin - Austen FRS FZS FRGS MBOU ( 6 July 1834 -- 2 December 1923 ) , known until 1854 as Henry Haversham Austen , was an English topographer , geologist , naturalist and surveyor .
Aleksandër Xhuvani ( 14 March 1889 , Elbasan , Manastir Vilayet - 22 March 1961 ) was an Albanian philologist and educator .
Randall Dougherty ( born 1961 ) is an American mathematician .
Robin Pilcher ( born 10 August 1950 ) is a British author , the eldest son of author Rosamunde Pilcher .
Anna of Greater Poland ( Polish : Anna wielkopolska ; b. 1253 - d. aft . 26 June 1295 ) , was a Greater Poland princess member of the House of Piast and Abbess at Owińska .
Zachary Muburi - Muita ( born in 1957 ) is a national of Kenya who from 2010 until June 2013 has served as the Head of the United Nations Office to the African Union .
Alvin Lee Marts , born 4 August 1923 at Wilsonville , Nebraska , enlisted in the Navy at Denver , Colorado , 2 July 1941 .
Dr. Pierre De Muelenaere ( born 25 October 1958 ) is a Belgian entrepreneur and scientist .
John Wall Callcott ( 20 November 1766 -- 15 May 1821 ) was an eminent English composer .
Nathan Ashe ( born 5 October 1991 ) is a professional rugby league player .
Father D'Arcy D'Souza ( 1913 -- December 10 , 2009 , Karachi ) was a Pakistani Roman Catholic priest who spent 66 years of his priestly life serving the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Karachi , making him at the time of his death , the longest - serving priest in the archdiocese .
Enkelejda Shehu ( born 23 January 1969 ) is an Albanian shooter who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympic Games and the 1996 Summer Olympic Games .
Laban Korir ( born 30 June 1985 in Uasin Gishu District ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who competes in road running competitions .
Brett Montgomery ( born 1 June 1973 ) is a retired Australian rules football player and current assistant coach with the Western Bulldogs .
Dr. Stephen Little Ph.D. ( born 1954 ) is an American Asian art scholar , museum administrator and artist .
John G. Cotton ( born 1951 ) is a retired vice admiral in the United States Navy .
Albert V , Duke of Mecklenburg ( 1397 -- 1 June /6 December 1423 ) was Duke of Mecklenburg from 1412 until his death .
Daan Vaesen ( born 11 July 1981 ) is a Belgian footballer currently playing for Duffel
Pierre Wack ( 1922 - -1997 ) was an unconventional French oil executive who was the first to develop the use of scenario planning in the private sector , at Royal Dutch Shell 's London headquarters in the 1970s .
Matthías Vilhjálmsson ( born 30 January 1987 ) is an Icelandic international footballer who plays as a striker for the Icelandic national football team and the Norwegian Premier League club Rosenborg .
Chris Gelbmann ( born 27 April 1972 ) is an Austrian singer - songwriter who had an eventful life .
Jana Revedin , Prof . Arch . PhD , born 1965 in Constance ( D ) , studied architecture and urban planning in Buenos Aires , Princeton and Milan and taught at the University of Venice where she submitted her doctorate on the role of public space in the development of a democratic civic identity .
Cecilia Ekelundh ( born 19 February 1978 ) is a Swedish golfer .
Joe Lefors ( February 20 , 1865 -- October 1 , 1940 ) was a lawman in the closing years of the Old West .
Moses Mahlangu ( born 1925 ) was a long - time supporter of the teachings of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) in South Africa .
George Lindemann ( born 1936 ) is an American businessman and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Southern Union , a pipeline company .
Peter Abetz ( born 17 December 1952 ) is an Australian politician who was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly at the 2008 state election , as the member for Southern River , which takes in the Perth suburbs of Canning Vale , Southern River and Huntingdale .
Kálmán Balogh ( born 18 January 1959 ) is a Hungarian cimbalom player and leader of Kalman Balogh 's Gypsy Cimbalom Band .
Robert Choulet ( born 28 February 1935 ) is a French aerodynamics engineer influential in race car dynamics .
Caroline Ansink ( born 8 August 1959 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch musician , music educator and composer .
David Warlick ( born 1952 in Gastonia , North Carolina ) is an educator , author , programmer and public speaker .
Clinton Marius ( born 20 August 1966 in Pietermaritzburg ) is a South African writer and performer .
Baron Albert de Vleeschauwer van Braekel ( 1 January 1897 , Nederbrakel - 24 February 1971 , Kortenberg ) was a Belgian politician of the Catholic Party .
Olena Krasovska , née Ovcharova ( Ukrainian : Олена Красовська , born 17 August 1976 ) is a Ukrainian hurdler best known for winning a silver medal at the 2004 Olympic Games with a personal best time of 12.45 seconds .
Catherine McGuinness ( born 14 November 1934 ) is a retired judge and activist .
Hamza Namira ( Arabic : حمزة نمرة‎ ; born November 1980 ) is an Egyptian singer - songwriter , and multi - instrumentalist .
Harry Lourandos ( born 1945 ) is an Australian archaeologist , Adjunct Professor in the Department of Anthropology , Archaeology and Sociology , School of Arts and Social Sciences at James Cook University , Cairns .
Marie Marguerite Rose ( 1717 - August 27 , 1757 ) was an Guinea - born Canadian slave .
Heidi Sevdal ( born 6 March 1989 ) is a Faroese football forward who currently plays for HB Tórshavn , after representing various other teams in the Faroese 1 .
Joshua Gwillen Doan ( 1811 -- February 6 , 1839 ) was a farmer and tanner who participated in the Upper Canada Rebellion of 1837 .
Donna M. Loring ( born October 1 , 1948 ) is an author , broadcaster , and tribal representative of the Penobscot nation in the American state of Maine .
Doug Padgett ( born Douglas Ernest Vernon Padgett , 20 July 1934 ) is a former English cricketer , who played more than 500 first - class matches and represented England in Tests twice , both in 1960 .
John Tarring FRIBA ( 1806 - -1875 ) was an English Victorian ecclesiastical architect active in the mid - nineteenth century .
Leon Bolier ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈleːjɔn boːˈliːr ) ; born Leendert Wouter Bolier on October 21 , 1980 ) is a Dutch classically trained trance composer , DJ , and record producer .
John Michael Maisch ( 30 January 1831 Hanau , Germany - September 10 , 1893 ) was a United States pharmacist , the `` father of adequate pharmaceutical legislation . ''
David MacGregor ( born 9 June 1981 ) is a Scottish footballer who is currently without a club after leaving Queen 's Park in July 2015 .
Kyriakos Papadopoulos ( Greek : Κυριάκος Παπαδόπουλος ; born 23 February 1992 ) is a Greek footballer who plays as a centre back for Bayer Leverkusen and the Greek national team .
András Száraz ( born 2 March 1966 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian former figure skater and current coach .
Carl Steenstrup ( born 1934 in Vaasa , Finland ; died November 11 , 2014 , in Berlin , Germany ) was a Danish japanologist .
Lee Salk , AB , MA , PhD , ( 1926 - May 2 , 1992 ) was a child psychologist and author who is credited with discovering the calming effect the sound of a heartbeat has on infants .
Lasse Brun Pedersen ( born 1974 ) is a Danish mountain bike orienteering competitor and World Champion .
Toshinari Takaoka ( 高岡 寿成 ; born 24 September 1970 in Yamashiro , Kyoto ) is a Japanese long - distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres , 10,000 metres and the marathon race .
Yavgeniy Olhovsky ( born 22 December 1983 ) is an Israeli pole vaulter .
Geoff Billington was born on 2 March 1955 , and started riding at the age of nine years at a local riding school .
Zoe Sheridan ( born in Adelaide , 1968 ) is an Australian television presenter , radio announcer and voice over artist .
Myma Seldon ( born 9 August 1979 ) is a British television and radio presenter and voiceover artist .
Pierre Mollaret ( 10 July 1898 -- 3 December 1987 ) was a neurologist who made significant scientific contributions to the study of infectious diseases and neurology .
Jacob Chandy was born on 23 January 1910 , in Kottayam , in the south Indian state of Kerala to an orthodox Christian family .
April Bulmer ( born 1963 ) is a Canadian poet whose poems have appeared in numerous literary magazines and anthologies , including Arc , the Malahat Review , Quills , and Ascent Aspirations .
H. L. Fischer ( 1822 - -1909 ) ( Henry Lee Fischer ) was a Pennsylvania German language writer and translator .
Anne - Elisa Alice Ducasse , born 1846 ( ? ) in Valparaiso , ( date of death unknown ) , was an opera singer and teacher active in Paris .
Dave Dorman ( born 1958 in Michigan ) is a science fiction , horror and fantasy illustrator best known for his Star Wars artwork .
Peter Pohl ( born 5 December 1940 ) is a Swedish author and former director and screenwriter of short films .
Robert Alan Jamieson ( born 1958 ) is a Scottish and Shetlandic poet and novelist who grew up on the crofting community of Sandness .
Giles Duley ( born 15 September 1971 , Wimbledon , London , England ) is a British documentary photographer and photojournalist .
Hassan Katsina ( 31 March 1933 -- 24 July 1995 ) was a Nigerian Army Major General and son of Usman Nagogo , the Emir of Katsina from 1944 to 1981 .
Petrișor Voinea ( born 28 May 1990 ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays mainly as a midfielder .
Monsignor Agripino Núñez Collado ( b. La Galeta , Sabana Iglesia , 9 November 1933 ) is a Roman Catholic clergyman and scholar from the Dominican Republic .
Edmond Panariti ( born 1 June 1960 ) is an Albanian academic and politician , who is the former minister of foreign affairs and the minister of agriculture and rural development .
K.K. Raghava ( born 1980 in Bangalore , India ) also known as Raghava KK and Raghava K K , is a contemporary artist living and working in New York and India .
Efraín Amador Piñero ( born 1947 ) is a Cuban guitarist , lutist , composer and professor .
Taco Dibbits ( born 1968 ) is an art historian ( VU University Amsterdam / University of Cambridge ) and first came to the Rijksmuseum as curator of 17th - century painting in 2002 .
Selenia Iacchelli ( born 5 June 1986 ) is an Italian Canadian soccer player who is allocated to the Western New York Flash of the National Women 's Soccer League ( NWSL ) .
Willum Þór Þórsson ( born 17 March 1963 ) is a former football player and manager who currently serves on the Alþingi , the Icelandic parliament , for the Progressive Party .
Asle Sudbø ( born 3 May 1961 ) is a Professor of Physics at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology .
Maharaja Shri Bettada Chamaraja Wodeyar VIII Bahadur ( 27 August 1759 - 6 September 1776 . )
Dario Oliviero ( born 12 July 1972 ) , better known by his stage name Gabriel Garko , is an Italian actor and former fashion model .
Asghar Qadir ( Urdu : اصغر قادر ; 23 July 1946 ) , HI , SI , FPAS , is a renowned Pakistani mathematician and a prominent cosmologist , specialised in mathematical physics and physical cosmology .
Albert Anton , Prince of Schwarzburg - Rudolstadt ( 14 November 1641 in Rudolstadt -- 15 December 1710 , ibid . )
Kenneth Wade , FRS ( 13 October 1932 -- 16 March 2014 ) was a British chemist , and professor emeritus at Durham University .
György Bence ( Budapest , 8 December 1941 -- 28 October 2006 , Budapest ) was a university professor , philosopher , dissident and political consultant .
Ge Tian ( Chinese : 葛天 ; pinyin : Gě Tiān ; born 25 December 1988 ) is a Chinese actress and fashion model .
William Henry Coombes ( 8 May 1767 -- 15 November 1850 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest , theologian and writer .
Jonathan Cook ( born 1965 ) is a British writer and a freelance journalist based in Nazareth , Israel , who writes about the Middle East , and more specifically , the Israeli--
Jaime Vallvé ( born in 1927 in Barcelona in Spain , died in 2000 ) was a Spanish comic strip artist who lived and worked in Denmark during most of his lifetime .
Romy Achituv ( born 1958 ) is an Israeli experimental multimedia artist .
Master Gunnery Sergeant Frankie Segarra ( born 1960 ) , is the first Hispanic to reach the rank of Master Gunnery Sergeant in his Military Occupational Specialty , 0451 air delivery specialist .
William Sitgreaves Cox ( 1790 - -1874 ) was a third lieutenant serving on USS Chesapeake during the War of 1812 .
Edward Welch ( 1806 - 1868 ) was an architect born in Overton , Flintshire , in North Wales .
Mihály Deák - Bárdos ( born 30 January 1975 ) is a Hungarian amateur Greco - Roman wrestler , who played for the men 's super heavyweight category .
Dom Francisco de Almeida ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku dɨ aɫˈmɐjðɐ ) ) , also known as `` the Great Dom Francisco '' ( ca . 1450 -- March 1 , 1510 ) , was a Portuguese nobleman , soldier and explorer .
Craig Ferguson ( born 17 May 1962 ) is a Scottish - born American television host , stand - up comedian , writer , actor , director , producer and voice artist .
Hilda Braid ( 3 March 1929 -- 6 November 2007 ) was an English actress who had a long career on British television .
Jade Faulkner ( born 21 December 1993 ) is a competitor in rhythmic gymnastics .
Ranveer Brar ( born 8 February 1978 ) is an Indian chef , a host / judge for TV shows and food stylist .
Mimi Heinrich ( born 1 November 1936 ) is Danish actress and writer .
Gabriel Gabrielsen Holtsmark ( 1 February 1867 -- 1954 ) was a Norwegian educator , physicist and actuary .
Neda Arnerić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Неда Арнерић ) ( born 15 July 1953 ) is a Serbian actress .
Michele Busiri Vici ( 2 May 1894 - 4 February 1981 ) was an Italian architect and urban planner , belonging to the Busiri Vici ( pronounced Booseeree Veechee ) family of architects who have been active since the seventeenth century .
Jörg Asmussen ( born 31 October 1966 ) is a German economist and politician who currently serves as State Secretary at the Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs .
Reece Blayney ( born 24 July 1985 ) is an Australian professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in the Queensland Cup competition .
Paula P - Orridge ( born 23 February 1963 ) , also known as Alaura O'Dell , is an English musician .
Ottavio Bianchi ( Italian pronunciation : ( otˈtavjo ˈbjaŋki ) ; born 6 October 1943 ) is an Italian former football player and coach .
Jean - Louis Bourgeois ( born 1940 ) is an author and the son of artist Louise Bourgeois and art historian Robert Goldwater .
Rebecca Grundy ( born 1990 ) is a cricketer for England women 's cricket team .
Linda Aksomitis , née Linda Demyen ( born 7 August 1954 ) is a Canadian author specialising in children 's and travel literature , as well as nonfiction about the history of the snowmobile .
Jessica Kürten ( 24 November 1969 ) is an Irish equestrian who competes in the sport of show jumping .
Peter Suchenwirt ( c. 1320 -- 1395 ) was an Austrian poet and herald .
Ada Andy Napaltjarri ( born c. 1954 ) is a Warlpiri-- and Luritja -- speaking Indigenous artist from Australia 's Western Desert region .
Liu Shahe ( Chinese : 流沙河 ; born 1931 in Chengdu ) is the pen name of the Chinese writer and poet Yu Xuntan ( Chinese : 余勛坦 ) .
Dick Mango ( né Richard J. Mango , 15 July 1912 , Pennsylvania -- 8 June 1975 , Olmsted County , Minnesota ) was an American bandleader , tenor saxophonist , vocalist , composer , and arranger originally from Detroit .
Christophe Impens ( born 9 December 1969 in Ghent ) is a retired Belgian athlete who competed in middle - distance events .
Lorraine Broderick ( born 1948 ) is an American television soap opera writer who got her start on All My Children as a protégée of the show 's creator , Agnes Nixon .
Simon Sadler ( British , b. 1968 in Solihull , West Midlands ) is Professor of Architectural and Urban History in the Art History Program at the University of California , Davis .
Sara Bossio ( born 7 April 1938 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan lawyer and former judge .
Thomas Pascoe ( born 10 March 1847 or 1853 , in Cornwall ) was an Englishman who initially worked in the royal navy for 7 years and also witnessed the opening of the Suez canal .
Jill Bilcock ( born 1948 ) is an Australian film editor , a member of the ASE ( Australian Screen Editors ) , as well as the ACE ( American Cinema Editors ) , and has edited films such as William Shakespeare 's Romeo + Juliet , Moulin Rouge ! and Road to Perdition .
Jan Ullrich ( German pronunciation : ( ˈjan ˈʊlrɪç ) ) ; born 2 December 1973 ) is a German former professional road bicycle racer .
Leigh Arnold ( born Megan Leigh Arnold on 17 October 1979 ) is an Irish actress .
Timothy Giles Paxman CMG LVO ( born 15 November 1951 ) is a British diplomat who was Ambassador to Mexico 2005 - -09 and then Ambassador to Spain 2009 - -13 .
Ben Damon ( born 24 October 1980 ) is an Australian journalist , TV presenter and screenwriter / director .
Stefan G. Bucher ( born 1973 ) is an American writer , graphic designer and illustrator .
Paul Schuss ( born 23 July 1948 in Munzkirchen , Austria ) is a French artist of the Ecole de Paris ( School of Paris ) .
Mordechai Mano ( Hebrew : מרדכי מנו‎ ) ( 1922 , Salonika , Greece -- 1969 ) was an Israeli businessman and member of the Mano family shipping family .
Marios Leousis ( 1936 -- 31 October 2011 ) was a Greek magician .
Octavian Popescu ( born 25 April 1938 ) is a Romanian former footballer and coach known in Germany and Turkey as Popi or Pope .
Giuseppe Moccia ( 22 June 1933 -- 20 August 2006 ) was an Italian screenwriter and film director .
Renee MacRae ( born Christina Catherine MacDonald , February 1940 ) is a Scottish woman who is missing , presumed to have been murdered .
Helen Fry ( born 1967 ) is British historian and biographer born in Ilfracombe , North Devon .
Alessio Gelsini Torresi ( born 17 February 1951 ) is an Italian cinematographer , sometimes credited as Alessio Gelsini .
Yosef Ba - Gad ( Hebrew : יוסף בא - גד‎ , born 10 February 1932 ) is an Israeli former Rosh Yeshiva and politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1992 and 1996 .
Kristian Cox ( born 28 September 1992 ) is an English football striker who has played for Port Vale , Ilkeston , New Mills , Hyde , and Gresley .
Evelyn Haas , born Evelyn Traeger ( born 7 April 1949 ) is a German former First Senate Constitutional Court judge and current Honorary Professor of Law .
Erskine Anton Norris ( born 7 January 1940 in Kirtons , Saint Philip , Barbados ) is a former Barbadian high jumper .
Mehmet Barış Manço ( born Tosun Yusuf Mehmet Barış Manço ; 2 January 1943 -- 1 February 1999 ) , known by his stage name Barış Manço , was a Turkish rock musician , singer , songwriter , composer , and television producer .
Denise Thiémard ( born 24 March 1960 in Orsonnens ) is a retired Swiss javelin thrower .
Marika Nezer ( Greek : Μαρίκα Νέζερ ; 1906 -- July 18 , 1989 ) was a Greek actress .
Anne Crawford Flexner ( 27 June 1874 -- 11 January 1955 ) born Anne Laziere Crawford was an American playwright .
Leann Fennelly ( born 1990 ) is a camogie player and a student , who played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final .
Bhimsen Thapa ( Nepali : भीमसेन थापा ; August 1775 -- 5 August 1839 ) was the mukhtiyar of Nepal ( equivalent to prime minister ) from 1806 to 1837 .
Kayne Lawton ( born 31 May 1989 ) is an Australian professional rugby League footballer who currently plays for AS Carcassonne in the Elite One Championship .
Antonio Benivieni ( 1443 - -1502 ) was a Florentine physician who pioneered the use of the autopsy , a postmortum dissection of a deceased patient 's body used to understand the cause of death .
John Richard Buckland ( 3 August 1819 -- 13 October 1874 ) , was an Australian school teacher and first headmaster of The Hutchins School , Tasmania .
Viktória Kokas ( born 15 November 1990 in Győr ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Veszprém Barabás KC as a right wing .
Miao Ruilin ( Chinese : 缪瑞林 ; pinyin : Miào Rùilín ; born November 1964 ) is a Chinese politician currently serving as Mayor of Nanjing .
Stanley Tuemler Escudero ( born 10 March 1942 ) is a retired American diplomat who served in the U.S. foreign service in multiple capacities .
George Kersley , Sr . ( 1817 - 1906 ) was a pioneer of Western Australia in the Beverley and Dumbleyung districts .
Djelloul Marbrook ( born 1934 in Bou Saâda , Algeria ) is a contemporary English language American poet and writer .
Alassane Touré ( born 9 February 1989 in Sarcelles ) is a French footballer player who currently plays for Gazélec Ajaccio in Ligue 1 .
Aravind Malagatti ( ಕನ್ನಡ : ಅರವಿಂದ ಮಾಲಗತ್ತಿ ) ( 1 May 1956 ) is a prominent Indian Dalit poet and writer writing in Kannada .
Kent Monkman ( born 1965 ) is a Canadian First Nations artist of Cree and Irish ancestry .
Tam Cowan ( born 21 April 1969 ) is a football journalist , radio and television presenter .
Marvin Essor ( born 27 August 1981 ) is a retired Jamaican sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres .
Robert Lucy ( born 20 February 1923 ) is a former Swiss gymnast .
Louise Shaffer ( born 5 July 1942 ) is an American actress , script writer , and author .
Florent Charpentier ( born 1982 ) is a French clarinetist .
Govind Singh Gurjar ( 9 March 1932 -- 6 April 2009 ) , six - time MLA from Nasirabad ( Ajmer ) and former Minister of Rajasthan .
Yang Rui ( simplified Chinese : 杨锐 ; traditional Chinese : 楊銳 ; pinyin : Yáng Ruì , born 2 May 1963 ) is the host of Dialogue on CCTV News .
Harald Jockusch ( * 1939 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German biologist and artist with the alias Hal Jos .
Jean Symes ( born 13 November 1986 in Johannesburg ) is a South African left - handed batsman and part - time slow left arm bowler who plays for Gauteng and Scotland .
Jozo Radoš ( pronounced ( jozo radoʃ ) ; born 3 November 1956 ) is a Croatian politician currently serving as one out of 11 Croatian members of the European Parlament .
Patrick Harrington ( born 24 May 1964 ) is a British political activist and writer , currently general secretary of Solidarity --
Jesse Tittsworth ( born 26 February 1979 ) , better known under his stage name Tittsworth , is an American DJ , producer , night club owner , and record label owner .
Greg Rowe ( born 1964 ) was a child actor starring in Australian films such as Storm Boy ( 1976 ) and Blue Fin ( 1978 ) , both based on novels by Colin Thiele .
Hans Zhang Han ( born 6 October 1984 ) is a Chinese actor , singer and host .
Martin Webb ( Born 1970 ) is a British born entrepreneur and television presenter .
Julian Prictoe ( born 1962 , London , England ) is an English engineer , journalist , TV producer and professional photographer .
Laura Forster ( 1858 - -1917 ) was an Australian medical doctor , surgeon and nurse noted for her service in Belgium and Russia during World War I.
Xavier Davis ( born 1971 in Grand Rapids , Michigan ) is a jazz pianist , composer , arranger , producer , and music educator who leads the Xavier Davis Trio .
Kung Tsui - chang ( simplified Chinese : 孔垂长 ; traditional Chinese : 孔垂長 ; pinyin : Kǒng Chuícháng , born 1 July 1975 ) is the Sacrificial Official to Confucius in the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) and Senior Advisor to the President of the Republic of China .
Rebecca Lane Hooper Eastman ( 23 March 1877 -- 1937 ) was an American suffragist , journalist , and author of short stories .
Carl Morgan , born 1981 , is a former producer of the rap group So Solid Crew .
Ken Bracewell ( born 5 October 1936 ) is an English former professional football player and coach .
Hu Zongxian ( Chinese : 胡宗憲 ; November 4 , 1512 -- November 25 , 1565 ) , courtesy name Ruzhen ( 汝貞 ) and art name Meilin ( 梅林 ) , was a Chinese general of the Ming dynasty who presided over the government 's response to the wokou pirate raids during the reign of the Jiajing Emperor .
Alan Vaughan Lowe QC ( born 1952 ) is a barrister and academic specialising in the field of international law .
Franklyn Keith Musto OBE ( born 12 January 1936 ) is a British sailor and businessman .
Anthony Marinelli ( born 19 March 1959 ) is a classically trained American pianist , composer and conductor .
Lawrence W. Sherman ( born Schenectady , NY , 25 October 1949 ) is an experimental criminologist and the founder of `` evidence - based policing . ''
Michael Noel Canavan , Garda Síochána 21578C and recipient of the Scott Medal , born 1958 .
Vice Admiral Joseph Metcalf , III ( 20 December 1927 - 2 March 2007 ) was born in Holyoke , Massachusetts .
Phaedon Georgitsis ( Greek : Φαίδων Γεωργίτσης ; 26 January 1939 ) is a Greek actor .
Azzedine Lagab ( born 18 September 1986 ) is an Algerian road bicycle racer for UCI Continental team Groupement Sportif des Pétroliers d´Algérie .
Jonathan Chait ( /ˈtʃeɪt/ ; born 1972 ) is a commentator and writer for New York magazine .
Akshay Kumar Sen was born in 1854 in a village called Maynapur in the Bankura district of Bengal to Haladhar Sen and Bidhumukhi Devi .
Federica Del Buono ( born 12 December 1994 ) is an Italian middle - distance runner who competes mainly in track events .
Henry Stopes ( 1852 , Colchester -- 1902 , Greenhithe ) was a brewer , architect and amateur paleontologist of repute in late 19th century London .
Geoff Burrowes ( born 1945 ) is an Australian filmmaker best known for the movie The Man from Snowy River ( 1982 ) , the TV mini - series Anzacs ( 1985 ) , and the Burrowes Film Group .
Abd Al - Rahman al - Nuaimi ( Abderrahman Al Nuaimi ) , ( born 1954 ) is a Qatari human rights advocate and co - founder of Alkarama .
Wang Can ( Chinese : 王粲 ; 177 - -217 ) , courtesy name Zhongxuan , was a politician , scholar and poet who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty .
Bittor Alkiza Fernández ( born 26 October 1970 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played for both Real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao .
Abraham Yakin ( Hebrew : אברהם יכין‎ ; 1924- ) is an Israeli artist .
Li Qiming ( Chinese : 李启明 ) ( September 1915 -- December 19 , 2007 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Sorin Antohi ( born 20 August 1957 ) is a Romanian historian , essayist , and journalist .
Nelly Wies - Weyrich ( born 1933 ) is a Luxembourgian archer .
Kapil Muni Tiwary ( born 1932 ) is a former professor and head of the department of Linguistics and Literature at Patna University and currently a professor of English in Yemen .
Simon James Musk ( 7 January 1985 ) is a British professional wrestler better known by his ring name El Ligero .
Zachary Mason ( born 1974 ) is a computer scientist and author .
Louis Tsatoumas ( Greek : Λούης Τσάτουμας , born 12 February 1982 ) is a Greek long jumper .
Pavlo Polubotok ( Ukrainian : Павло Полуботок ) ( born around 1660 , died on 29 December 1724 ) , was a Cossack political and military leader and Acting Hetman of the Left - bank Ukraine between 1722 and 1724 .
Pietro Francesco Caccialupi ( Pizzighettone , 1735 - April 19 , 1814 ) was an Italian painter .
Sonali Deraniyagala ( born 1964 in Colombo ) is a Sri Lankan memoirist and economist .
Melissa Breen ( born 17 September 1990 ) is an Australian 100 metres and 200 metres runner .
Chikondi Mpulula ( Born in 1993 in Malawi ) is a Malawian footballer who currently plays as a striker for the Malawian football club , Blue Eagles FC of Lilongwe in the Malawi Premier Division .
Mateus Alberto Contreiras Gonçalves ( born 7 March 1983 ) , commonly known as Manucho , is an Angolan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Rayo Vallecano as a striker .
Nicholas Robinson - Baker ( born 24 June 1987 ) is an English diver .
George Wharton Edwards ( March 1859 -- January 18 , 1950 ) was an American impressionist painter and illustrator , and the author of several books of travel and historical subjects .
Tamara van Ark ( born 11 August 1974 ) is a Dutch politician and former civil servant and management consultant .
Saint Peter Yu Tae - chol ( 유대철 베드로 ) ( c. 1826 -- October 31 , 1839 ) was one of the 103 canonised Korean Martyrs and a son of a government interpreter named Augustine Nyou Tjin - kil , also a martyr .
Richard Swain ( born 2 July 1975 in Tamworth , New South Wales ) is a retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Masood Khalili , also Massoud Khalili and Masud Khalili ( Persian : مسعود خلیلی‎ ; born 5 November 1950 ) is an Afghan diplomat , linguist and urbane poet .
Oliver Vikalo ( born 14 October 1991 Travnik , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Canadian water polo player who lives in Calgary , Canada .
Kálmán Ghyczy de Ghicz , Assakürt et Ablánczkürt ( 12 February 1808 -- 28 February 1888 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Finance between 1874 and 1875 .
Christopher Odhiambo Okinda ( born 15 December 1980 ) is a prominent Kenyan actor , film director , producer , author and radio presenter .
Dominic Barton ( born 1962 ) is a Canadian management consultant .
Gunnar Stavrum ( born 24 October 1961 ) is a Norwegian newspaper editor and author .
Elizabeth Doocey , Baroness Doocey OBE ( née O'Keefe ; born 2 May 1948 ) , best known as Dee Doocey , is a British Liberal Democrat politician and businesswoman , and a former Chair of the London Assembly .
Le Roux Smith Le Roux ( 1914 - -1963 ) , sometimes rendered LeRoux Smith LeRoux , was a South African artist , actor , broadcaster , art critic and art dealer , considered to be the most distinguished specialist muralist the country has produced .
Ananda Lal ( born 1955 ) is an Indian academic and theatre critic .
Leslie James Bennett ( 1920 -- October 18 , 2003 ) was a British / Canadian citizen who spend most of his working life as a counter - intelligence official , first for Britain 's GCHQ , and later for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) Security Service .
Mott T. Greene ( born 1945 ) is an American historian of science , and is John B. Magee Professor of Science and Values Emeritus , at the University of Puget Sound , from which he retired in 2012 .
Michael Eitan ( Hebrew : מיכאל איתן ; born 6 March 1944 ) is an Israeli politician .
Samuel Shuckford ( 1693?--1754 ) was an English cleric , antiquarian , and mythographer .
Nirmala Kishanchand Sadhu Singh Nagpal popularly known as Saroj Khan ( born 22 November 1948 ) is one of the most prominent Indian dance choreographers in Hindi cinema .
Sam Winterbotham ( born 1 October 1973 ) is a British college tennis coach and former college player .
Robert Racic ( 8 January 1964 -- 25 October 1996 ) was an Australian DJ and record producer .
Blythe Bohnen ( b. Evanston , Illinois , 1940 ) is an artist known for her minimalistic graphite drawings and photographs that capture the essence of motion .
Owen McDonnell ( born 1974 ) is an Irish actor best known for playing Garda Sergeant Jack Driscoll in RTÉ Television 's Single - Handed .
Jovan Damjanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Joвaн Дaмjaнoвић ; born 4 October 1982 ) is a Serbian footballer , who last played for Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Michael Dunbar ( 30 October 1863 -- 6 September 1921 ) was a Scottish footballer .
Miriam Glazer - Ta'asa ( Hebrew : מרים גלזר - תעסה‎ , born 11 August 1929 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1981 and 1988 , and as Deputy Minister of Education and Culture from 1981 until 1984 .
Bill McGovern ( born 2 January 1937 ) is a British former auto racing driver from Ireland .
Erik Egeland ( 21 July 1921 -- 19 March 1996 ) was a Norwegian journalist and art critic .
Alessandro Cesca ( born 1 December 1980 ) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team Rimini .
Sir Callum McCarthy ( born 29 February 1944 ) is the former Chairman of the Financial Services Authority .
Guy d'Hardelot ( August 1858 -- January 7 , 1936 ) was the pen name of Helen Rhodes ( née Helen Guy ) , a French composer , pianist , and teacher .
Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen ( born 27 December 1947 ) is the former president and CEO of The Lego Group ( 1979 - -2004 ) .
Born on 22 December 1972 , Keyti , real name Cheikh Sène , is one of the first hardcore rapper emerging in the late mid-1990s in Senegal .
Wendy Harmer ( born Wendy Brown , 10 October 1955 in Yarram , Victoria ) is an Australian author , children 's writer , playwright and dramatist , radio show host , comedian and television personality .
Alan LeQuire ( born 1955 ) is an American sculptor from Nashville , Tennessee .
Dr Dame Katherine Anderson DBE BA PhD ( 4 July 1903 , Lytham St Annes , Lancashire -- 15 July 1979 , Northallerton , Yorkshire ) , known as Kitty Anderson , was headmistress of North London Collegiate School from 1945 - 65 .
Morris Schinasi ( Turkish : Moris Şinasi ; 1855 -- September 10 , 1928 ) was a wealthy American businessman in the tobacco industry and philanthropist of Ottoman origins .
Werner von Moltke ( born 24 May 1936 ) is a German former decathlete who won a European title in 1966 and finished second in 1962 .
Erminio Spalla ( 7 July 1897 -- 14 August 1971 ) was an Italian professional heavyweight boxer , film actor and singer .
Giovanni Battista Mancini ( 1 January 1714 -- 4 January 1800 ) was an Italian soprano castrato , voice teacher , and author of books on singing .
Peter Kinderman ( born 1965 ) is professor of Clinical Psychology at the University of Liverpool , and is a Chartered Clinical Psychologist .
Ramil Ganiyev ( Рамиль Ганиев ; born 23 September 1968 in Yangiabad , Surxondaryo Region ) is a retired Uzbekistani decathlete of Tatar parents .
Jean - Jacques Blairon ( born 9 August 1947 ) is a Belgian musician active in the 1980s under the name J. J. Lionel .
Gino Pivatelli ( born 27 March 1933 ) is a former Italian footballer who played for AC Milan and was part of their European Cup victory in 1963 .
Teresa Helena Higginson ( 27 May 1844 -- 15 March 1905 ) was a British Roman Catholic mystic .
Krystian Zalewski ( born 11 April 1989 in Drawsko Pomorskie ) is a Polish distance runner specialising in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Serge Vaudenay ( born 5 April 1968 ) is a French cryptographer .
Ernie Tapai ( born 14 February 1967 ) is a former Australian footballer who played for Stoke City .
Nicole Billa ( born 5 March 1996 ) is an Austrian football striker , currently playing for the TSG 1899 Hoffenheim .
Peter Nuottaniemi ( born 1970 ) is a Swedish musician , songwriter and comic writer / artist .
Li Yifu ( Chinese : 李義府 ; 614 - -666 ) was a chancellor of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , during the reign of Emperor Gaozong .
Paris Dupree ( also stylized as Paris Duprée or Paris DuPree ) ( 1950 -- August 2011 ) was an American drag performer and documentary participant featured in Jennie Livingston 's 1990 documentary , Paris is Burning ( in which was named after Paris ' grand ball ) .
Bülent Oran ( 27 March 1924 -- 23 September 2004 ) was a Turkish screenwriter and actor .
Trond Fausa Aurvåg ( born 2 December 1972 ) is a Norwegian actor , film director and poet .
Cindy Cox ( born 1961 ) is an American composer and performer , and Professor of Music .
Giovanni Francesco Cassana ( 1611 - -1691 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in Genoa .
Ronald Pieper ( 1978 ) is a convicted Dutch murderer .
Sadaf Hussain ( born 7 December 1989 in Chakwal ) is a Pakistani first - class cricketer .
Mireille Hassenboehler ( born 1973 ) is an American former professional ballet dancer who performed as a principal dancer with the Houston Ballet until 2013 .
Michel de Grammont ( c. 1645 -- 1686 ? ) was a French pirate .
Matej Centrih ( born 5 September 1988 ) is a football player from Slovenia who plays for Radomlje .
Rhian Edwards ( born 20 January 1981 ) is a Welsh darts player .
Andy Nyman ( born 13 April 1966 ) is an English actor and magician .
Gu Kailai ( born 15 November 1958 ) is a Chinese former lawyer and businesswoman .
Gilbert Malcolm Sproat ( 19 April 1834 -- 4 June 1913 ) was a Scottish - born Canadian businessman , office holder , and author .
Felix Antoine Blume ( born 3 August 1984 ) , better known as Kollegah is a German rapper .
Silvia Azzoni ( born 3 November 1973 , in Turin , Italy ) is an Italian ballet dancer .
Shamita Das Dasgupta ( Bengali : শমীতা দাশ দাশগুপ্ত , born 1949 ) is an Asian Indian scholar , activist , wife and mother .
Nuri Saryal ( born 2 September 1929 ) was rector of Middle East Technical University from 1977 to 1979 .
Min Zhen ( Chinese : 閔貞 ; 1730 - - ? ; courtesy name Zheng Zhai 正齋 ) was a Chinese painter and seal carver born in Nanchang , Jiangxi , who spent most of his life in Hubei .
Enver Marina ( born 27 January 1977 ) is an Kosovan - Albanian footballer who is currently a free agent .
Gillian Slovo ( born 15 March 1952 ) is a South African - born novelist , playwright and memoirist .
Leonard Pilkington ( 1527 - -1599 ) was an English academic and clergyman .
Honourable Justice ( R ) Dr. Tanzil - ur - Rahman , Tamgha - e - Imtiaz , ( born 1928 ) is a prominent Pakistani jurist and scholar of Islamic studies .
Kristina Buch ( born 18 January 1983 ) is a German artist , based in Düsseldorf and London .
Udo Kier ( born Udo Kierspe ; 14 October 1944 ) is a German actor who has appeared in over 200 films .
Giuseppe Frigo ( born 30 March 1935 ) is an Italian judge .
Damien Comolli ( born 13 December 1972 ) is a former football coach , scout and director of football .
Thomas Juth ( born 31 August 1982 ) is a multi - Grammy Award winning mix engineer , whose discography includes artists such as :
Benjamin Abbott ( 1732 - -August 14 , 1796 ) was a Methodist evangelist .
Tudor Rickards PhD ( born 1941 in Pontypridd , Wales ) is an author on creativity and leadership in business and management .
Vice Admiral Sir Frederick Donald Gosling KCVO ( born 2 March 1929 ) is a former Chairman of National Car Parks and benefactor to naval charities .
Jorien ter Mors ( born 21 December 1989 ) is a Dutch speed skater on both short track and long track .
Bruce Bond ( born 25 June 1954 ) is an American poet and creative writing educator at the University of North Texas .
Axel Ehnström is a Finnish songwriter ( born on 23 October 1990 in Kirkkonummi , Finland ) .
Lieutenant - General Geoffrey Walsh CBE , DSO , CD ( 19 August 1909 -- 3 April 1999 ) was a Canadian soldier and Chief of the General Staff , the head of the Canadian Army from 1961 -- 1964 ;
Matthew Newkirk ( 1794 - -1868 ) , was a banker , railroad executive , and civic leader in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Silvia Lawson Johnston née Roigt ( born 1940 ) is the founder of the first short term rental agency in London , England , where she has lived since 1959 .
Ashley Watson ( born 26 March 1984 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne between 2003 and 2005 .
Arthur G. Miller ( born 19 May 1942 ) is an American art historian , archaeologist and academic .
Akiko Fukushima ( Japanese : 福嶋晃子 , born 29 June 1973 ) is a Japanese professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour .
Mary , Princess Eristavi ( Georgian : მერი ერისთავი-შერვაშიძე ; née Shervashidze ; 1888 -- January 21 , 1986 ) was a prominent Georgian aristocrat , fashion icon , and one of the earliest models of Coco Chanel .
Rufina Amaya ( 1943 -- March 6 , 2007 ) was the sole survivor of the El Mozote massacre on December 11 and December 12 , 1981 , in the Salvadoran department of Morazán during the Salvadoran Civil War .
Steve A. Matthews ( born 1955 in Columbia , South Carolina ) is an American lawyer and unsuccessful nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit .
Die Bautätigkeit des Kardinals Matthäus Lang von Wellenburg ( 1468 - -1540 ) , Münster ( Westf . )
Gerben Wynia ( born 1958 ) is a Dutch literary essayist and biographer .
Leon Dycian ( Hebrew : ליאון דיציאן‎ , born 17 November 1911 , died 1 March 1984 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1974 and 1977 .
Nelly Wicky ( born 2 March 1923 ) is a Swiss politician of the Swiss Labour Party and former member of the Swiss National Council ( 1971 - -1975 ) .
Ivan Zorman ( 1885 - 1957 ) was a Slovene poet and composer .
Seán Heuston , ( Irish : Seán Mac Aodha 21 February 1891 -- 8 May 1916 ) , born Jack Heuston , and sometimes referred to as J. J. Heuston , was an Irish rebel and member of Fianna Éireann who took part in the Easter Rising of 1916 .
Rosi Braidotti ( born 28 September 1954 ) is a contemporary philosopher and feminist theoretician .
Ziad Abu Amr ( Arabic : زياد أبو عمرو‎ ; born 1950 ) is a Palestinian politician , author , and member of the Palestinian Legislative Council .
Prof Very Rev Alexander Brunton DD FRSE FSA ( 1772 -1854 ) was a Scottish minister in the Church of Scotland who rose to its highest rank , Moderator of the General Assembly in 1823 .
Thomas Lever ( Leaver , Leiver ) ( 1521 - -1577 ) was an English Protestant reformer and Marian exile , one of the founders of the Puritan tendency in the Church of England .
K. Krishna Mohan ( born 21 August 1984 ) is an Indian track and field athlete who became the first Indian to break the 14 second barrier in 110 metre hurdles .
José Narciso da Cunha Rodrigues ( born 1940 ) is a Portuguese jurist and judge at the European Court of Justice .
Harry E. Luther ( 1952 -- October 17 , 2012 ) was an American botanist , having conducted extensive botanical expeditions to USA ( Florida ) , Mexico , Panama , Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru and Brazil .
Blagoje Simić ( born 1 July 1960 in Bosanski Šamac , Bosnia and Herzegovina , then Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian war criminal who is sentenced by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) for his crimes during the Bosnia war .
Michiel van der Heijden ( born 3 January 1992 in Den Bosch ) is a Dutch mountain biker and Cyclo Cross Rider .
Nemanja Petrović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Петровић ; born 17 April 1992 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Israel club Maccabi Netanya on loan from Partizan , as a left - back .
Mary Helen Bowers ( born 1979 ) is an American celebrity fitness guru , entrepreneur and former New York City Ballet dancer originally from Charlotte , North Carolina .
Paddy Devlin ( 8 March 1925 -- 15 August 1999 ) was an Irish social democrat and Labour activist , a former Stormont MP , a founder of the Social Democratic and Labour Party ( SDLP ) and a member of the 1974 Power Sharing Executive .
Naz Edwards ( born Nazig Dombalagian ( Armenian : Նազիգ Դոմբալագիան ) on February 2 , 1952 ) is an American voice actress , singer , and Broadway star who is most remembered as the voice of antagonist Queen Beryl in the DiC English version of Sailor Moon .
Alexander Horváth ( born 28 December 1938 ) is a former Slovak football player , of Hungarian ethnic origin .
John Pringle Nichol FRSE ( 13 January 1804 -- 19 September 1859 ) was a Scottish educator , phrenologist , astronomer and economist who did much to popularise astronomy in a manner that appealed to nineteenth century tastes .
Paul Siegfried ( born 1948 ) is an attorney based in New York City .
Danniel Thomas ( born 11 November 1992 ) is a Jamaican athlete whose specialty is the shot put .
Martin Jacques ( born 1945 ) is a British journalist and academic .
Egon Müller IV ( born 20 August 1959 ) , is a German winemaker and owner of the wine producer Weingut Egon Müller , Scharzhof , located just outside Wiltingen .
Sigurd Haveland ( born 30 March 1964 in Gibraltar ) is a Gibraltarian triathlete and cyclist .
David Carnegie , 5th Earl of Northesk ( 11 June 1701 -- 24 June 1741 ) was the son of David Carnegie , 4th Earl of Northesk and Lady Margaret Wemyss .
Roberto Sabatino Lopez ( October 8 , 1910 -- July 6 , 1986 ) , also known as Robert S. Lopez , was an Jewish - Italian - American historian of medieval European economic history .
Charles Erskine , Earl of Mar ( 19 October 1650 -- 23 May 1689 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Pietro Ruffo ( born 1978 ) is an Italian contemporary artist .
Albert Eric Maschwitz OBE ( 10 June 1901 -- 27 October 1969 ) , sometimes credited as Holt Marvell , was an English entertainer , writer , broadcaster and broadcasting executive .
Dušan David Pařízek ( 10 August 1971 ) is a Czech theatre director , mostly working in German - speaking countries .
William Henry Smith , 5th Viscount Hambleden , known as Henry Smith ( born 18 November 1955 ) , is a British peer , and descendant of the founders of the stationery group W H Smith .
Stevie Appleton ( born 1 May 1989 , Surrey , England ) is a British singer , songwriter and record producer .
Jonathan Mullin ( born 1978 ) is an Irish journalist , former footballer and coach .
Li Jinjun ( simplified Chinese : 李进军 ; traditional Chinese : 李進軍 ; pinyin : Lǐ Jìnjūn ; born May 1956 ) is a Chinese diplomat and currently the Chinese Ambassador to North Korea .
Wells Mason ( born 1968 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American designer and sculptor .
Howard Blum ( /ˈblʌm/ ) ( born 1948 ) is an American author and journalist .
Delyth Evans born 17 March 1958 , Cardiff was the Labour National Assembly for Wales member for Mid and West Wales 2000 - 03 .
Malcolm Nash ( born 9 May 1945 ) is a Welsh cricket coach and former first - class cricketer .
Alessandro Marchesini ( 30 April 1664 -- 27 January 1738 ) was an Italian painter and art merchant of the late - Baroque and Rococo , active in Northern Italy and Venice .
Brian Kraft ( born 1970 ) is an American entrepreneur and underground filmmaker primarily known for the films The Brandon Corey Story and the ten hour documentary on the collapse of the United States , The Fall of America and the Western World --
Robert Forester Mushet ( 1811 - -1891 ) was a British metallurgist and businessman , born on 8 April 1811 , in Coleford , in the Forest of Dean , Gloucestershire , England .
Antonia Rados ( born 15 June 1953 in Klagenfurt , Carinthia ) is an Austrian television journalist working for RTL Television since 1993 .
Nea - Stina Liljedahl ( born 16 January 1993 ) is a Finnish footballer currently playing for FC Honka 's women 's team in the Naisten Liiga .
Deepak Tripathi , PhD , FRHistS , FRAS ( born 1951 ) is a British historian with particular reference to South Asia , the Middle East , the Cold War and the United States in the post - Soviet world .
Linda Lappin is a poet , novelist , and translator born in Tennessee in 1953 .
Daithí Cooney ( born 1954 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team .
Glesca Marshall ( 1907 - -1987 ) was an actress and theatrical benefactor who was known primarily as the most enduring lover of Alla Nazimova , silent screen actress and a legend of her time .
Maria Zuchowicz ( born in Poznań , in 1930 ) - Polish lawyer and figure skating official - Chairperson of Appeal Commission of the International Skating Union , Vice - President of the Polish Figure Skating Associations .
William Henry Monk ( 16 March 1823 -- 1 March 1889 ) was an English organist , church musician and music editor who composed popular hymn tunes , including one of the most famous , `` Eventide '' , used for the hymn `` Abide with Me '' .
Maya Rosa Ariana Stefanie ( born 17 August 1986 in Wonosobo ) better known as Maya Rosa , is an Indonesian professional tennis player .
Dirk Heidolf ( b. 14 September 1976 , Hohenstein ) is a former German Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Dani real name Danielson Gomes Monteiro ( born 6 February 1984 ) is Cape Verdean footballer .
Miriam Lord ( b. 1962 ) is an Irish journalist and political sketch writer employed by The Irish Times newspaper .
Nematjan Zakirov ( Russian : Нематжан Закиров ; born 1 January 1962 ) is a former Kyrgyzstani international footballer .
Janelle Smiley ( born 1981 ) is an American ski mountaineer and mountain climber .
Samuel Bowly ( 1802 - -1884 ) was an English slavery abolitionist and temperance advocate .
Born in 1835 , Kicking Bird was a Kiowa though his grandfather had been a Crow captive who was adopted by the Kiowa .
Desha Bhakta Konda Venkatappaiah or Konda Venkatappayya B.L. ( Telugu : కొండా వెంకటప్పయ్య ) ( 1866 - -1948 ) was a noted lawyer , Indian freedom fighter and politician from Andhra Pradesh . , He is one of the founders and first editor of `` Krishna Patrika '' , leading weekly Telugu magazine during the early 20th century .
Emil Bodnăraș ( 10 February 1904 , in Iaslovăț , Suceava County -- 24 January 1976 ) was an influential Romanian Communist politician , an army officer , and a Soviet agent .
Philip Salom ( born 8 August 1950 ) is a contemporary Australian poet and novelist whose books have attracted widespread acclaim .
Mohamed Ould Tolba ( born 1962 ) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of Mauritania from 2002 to 2003 .
Sadia Azmat ( Urdu : عظمت سعدیہ‎ ; born 1987 ) is an English stand - up comedian of Pakistani descent .
Pierre - Joseph van Beneden FRS FRSE FGS FZS ( 19 December 1809 -- 8 January 1894 ) was a Belgian zoologist and paleontologist .
Detta O'Cathain , Baroness O'Cathain , OBE ( surname pronounced oh ka - HOYN , born 2 February 1938 , County Limerick ) is an Irish - born British businesswoman and politician .
Cliffton Delroy Yee Narm Ho aka Cliff Ho ( born 19 December 1985 ) is an international VJ and TV host , writer , producer & director .
Fahrudin Radončić ( pronounced ( rǎdoːnt͡ʃit͡ɕ ) ; born 24 May 1957 in Montenegro then Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian businessman and politician .
Kylie Robilliard ( born 11 June 1988 ) is an athlete from Guernsey , who most notably took part in the 2010 Commonwealth Games .
Carl Ertel ( born 15 October 1959 ) is a retired German rower who won one gold and one silver medal in the coxless pairs at the world championships of 1982 - -1983 , rowing with Ulf Sauerbrey .
Mohammad Sharif ( born 1933 in Nepal ) , was the head of the Youth Unit , Centre for Social Development and Humanitarian Affairs at the United Nations from 1979 - -1987 and then became in charge of 3 sections : disability , ageing and youth sections .
Gitobu Imanyara ( born c. 1954 ) is a Kenyan human rights lawyer , journalist , and politician .
Bishop William Andrew Macdonell , Roman Catholic Bishop of Alexandria in Ontario , Canada was born on 30 November 1853 at Rivière - aux - Raisins , Saint Clair County , Michigan .
Sudip Roy ( Bengali : সুদীপ রায়)(Born 1960 ) is an Indian artist , pursuing arts in the Government College of Art & Craft , Kolkata .
Darcy Moore ( born 25 January 1996 ) is an Australian rules footballer who currently plays for the Collingwood Football Club .
Liz Halliday ( born 14 December 1978 ) is an auto racing driver , equestrian rider , and commentator .
Gilles Dreyfus ( born 24 May 1951 ) is a French cardiac surgeon .
Derek Warfield ( born 1943 ) is an Irish singer , songwriter , historian , and a founding member of the musical group Wolfe Tones .
Sir Archibald Ross OBE ( 1867 - 19 March 1931 ) was a pioneering marine engineer .
Napoleon Sarony ( March 9 , 1821 -- November 9 , 1896 ) was an American lithographer and photographer .
Klaus Kotter ( 27 May 1934 -- 13 May 2010 ) was a West German - German tax consultant who served as the third president of the Fédération Internationale de Bobsleigh et de Tobogganing ( FIBT -- International Bobsleigh and Tobogganing Federation ) , serving as interim from 1978 to 1980 , then as president from 1980 to 1994 .
Ferdinand Alexander Porsche ( 11 December 1935 -- 5 April 2012 ) , nicknamed `` Butzi '' , son of Ferry Porsche , grandson of Ferdinand Porsche , was a German - Austrian designer whose best known product was the first Porsche 911 .
Fanjanteino Félix ( née Rakotomalala ; born 26 January 1980 ) is a French middle distance runner .
Kelvin Graham ( born 27 April 1964 ) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Ante Pešić ( born 27 August 1974 ) is a retired Croatian football player who was the bronze medalist in the 1999 Russian Top Division with PFC CSKA Moscow .
Tsai Ing - wen ( Chinese : 蔡英文 ; pinyin : Cài Yīngwén ; born 31 August 1956 ) is a Taiwanese politician who is the president - elect of the Republic of China , the first woman elected to the office .
Guyi Shen(born 8 March 1979 , in Hangzhou , China ) is an entrepreneur best known as the founder and CEO of Save22 , South - East Asia 's largest mobile shopping application .
Akashdeep Saigal aka ' Sky Walker ' ( born 29 October 1974 ) is an Indian model and a television actor .
Tallaal Adrey ( born 1975 ) is an Australian citizen from Auburn , New South Wales sentenced to four years imprisonment in Kuwait on terrorism - related charges .
Ulrich Noethen ( born 18 November 1959 ) is a German actor who has appeared in many movies and TV films .
Baimurat Allaberiyev ( born 20 February 1971 ) also known as Tajik Jimmy , is a vocalist and musician from Tajikistan of Uzbek ethnic origin .
William Birkmyre ( 1838 - 19 April 1900 ) was Liberal Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Ayr Burghs from 1892 to 1895 .
Lieutenant - Colonel Sir Vijay Ananda Gajapathi Raju pronunciation ( 28 December 1905 -- 2 December 1965 ) , better known as the Maharajkumar of Vizianagram or Vizzy , was an Indian cricketer , cricket administrator and politician .
Hassan Mourhit ( born 2 January 1982 ) is a Moroccan - Belgian long - distance runner .
Eddie Powell ( 9 March 1927 - 11 August 2000 ) was a British stuntman and actor .
Ty Votaw ( born February 1962 ) is an American lawyer and an executive in the golf industry .
Elena Antoci ( née Buhăianu , divorced Iagăr ; born 16 January 1975 in Braşov ) is a Romanian middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres .
Frank Land FBCS ( born 1928 ) is an information systems researcher and was the first United Kingdom Professor of Information Systems .
Fabrizio Poletti ( born 13 July 1943 ) is a former Italian football manager and former player who played as a full - back .
Claudio von Planta ( born 16 September 1962 ) is a Swiss cameraman , director and filmmaker , based in London .
Caroline Wilson ( born Julia Caroline Wilson , 7 June 1960 ) is a multiple Walkley Award winning Australian sports journalist .
Trần Huỳnh Duy Thức ( born 29 November 1966 ) is a Vietnamese engineer , entrepreneur and human rights activist .
Italo Viglianesi ( 1 January 1916 -- 19 January 1995 ) was an Italian trade unionist politician and syndicalist .
Kim Sæther ( born 1975 at Lille Skensved , near Køge ) , better known as DJ Noize is a Copenhagen - based Danish hip - hop - DJ . His company , Noizeworks places all his activities under one moniker .
Maurice Manning ( born 14 June 1943 ) is an Irish academic and former Fine Gael politician .
Vakhtang Kolbaia ( Georgian : ვახტანგ ყოლბაია ; born 9 September 1952 ) is a Georgian politician .
Rohan Spong ( born 15 September 1981 ) is an Australian film director and photographer .
Gerard McKeown ( born 1980 ) is a writer from Ballymena , Northern Ireland .
Yaronsho Ngalung ( born 21 , January 1978 ) is a social activist , scholar and a politician from the Tangkhul Naga tribe in the state of Manipur , India .
Peter Hounam ( born 1944 ) is a British journalist who has worked for Sunday Times , Daily Mirror , the London Evening Standard , and BBC Television , as well as having published several books .
William Spetz ( born 4 April 1996 in Umeå ) is a Swedish comedian and television personality .
Abdullah CD ( real name Cik Dat bin Anjang Abdullah ) ( born October 1923 ) was the Chairman and currently General Secretary of the Communist Party of Malaya ( CPM ) .
B. R. Dionysius ( born 1969 ) is an Australian poet , editor , arts administrator and educator .
Wang Hongyao ( Chinese : 王洪尧 ; born November 1951 ) is a general ( shang jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
Sebastjan Sovič ( born 26 February 1976 in Slovenj Gradec , Slovenia ) is a retired professional handball player .
Lowell Fitz Randolph ( 7 October 1894 - 28 May 1980 ) was an American scientist , in the field of genetics , botany and horticulture .
Oscar Bronner ( born 14 January 1943 ) is an Austrian newspaper publisher and painter .
John Sloss ( born 1956 ) is an entertainment lawyer and film sales agent , who has executive produced over 50 films including the Academy Award - winning The Fog of War and Boys Do n't Cry .
Simon Colosimo ( born 8 January 1979 ) is an Australian retired football ( soccer ) player who played as a central defender .
Samuel Rostill Lines ( 15 January 1804 -- 9 November 1833 ; sometimes listed as Samuel Restell Lines ) was an English painter and illustrator .
Florian Opahle ( born 1983 ) is a German rock musician best known for his work with progressive rock artist Ian Anderson of band Jethro Tull .
Stephen Stubbs ( born 1951 ) is a lutenist and music director and has been a leading figure in the American early music scene for nearly thirty years .
Jackie Bird ( née Macpherson , born 31 July 1962 in Bellshill , North Lanarkshire ) is a Scottish journalist and newsreader , currently anchor of BBC Scotland 's news programme Reporting Scotland .
Jukka Hartonen ( born 14 March 1969 in Kiihtelysvaara ) is an active Finnish cross country skier who competed from 1991 to 1998 and again from 2006 to present day .
Branko Tucak ( born 19 June 1952 in Runović , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian former professional football player who last coached the Rwandan national team .
David Clarkson ( born 10 September 1985 ) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays for St Mirren , on loan from Scottish Premiership side Motherwell .
Jesús Dagoberto Perdomo Chávez ( b. 13 October 1967 in Santa Bárbara ) is a Honduran doctor and politician .
Adela Christian Bach Bottino ( born 9 May 1959 ) is an Argentine - Mexican actress and producer of telenovelas .
Tretius Kauhangengo ( born 1981 ) , better known as Tre Van Die Kasie , most commonly referred to as Tre is a Namibian kwaito musician and rapper .
John de Silva ( 1857 - -1922 ) was an influential Sri Lankan playwright .
Lucas Miré ( born 1972 ) is an American singer / songwriter based in Atlanta , Georgia , whose music is characterized by personal lyrics , relationship themes , and melancholy melodies .
Lawrence of Ilok ( Croatian : Lovro Iločki , Hungarian : Újlaki Lőrinc ; c. August 1459 -- c. June 1524 ) was a Croatian nobleman , a member of the Iločki noble family , very wealthy and powerful in the Kingdom of Hungary - Croatia .
Ashley Horace Thorndike ( 1871 -- April 17 , 1933 ) was an American educator and expert on William Shakespeare .
Adam Frelin ( born 1973 ) is an American artist working in sculpture . , video , photography , and performance .
Ben Rahav ( Hebrew : בן רהב‎ ; born 29 April 1989 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Hapoel Kfar Saba .
Vladimir Avilov ( born 10 March 1995 ) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent who plays as a central defender for Estonian Meistriliiga club Infonet and the Estonia national football team .
Robert Scott Thompson ( born 1959 , California ) is a composer of ambient , instrumental and electroacoustic music .
Abraham Petros I Ardzivian ( Armenian : Աբրահամ Պետրոս Ա. Արծիւեան ; 1679 - 1749 ) was an Armenian Catholic Catholicos Patriarch of Cilicia .
Derek Kreckler is an Australian visual artist , born in Sydney in 1952 .
Ralph Cupper ( born 9 August 1954 ) is an organist , director and composer who was born and raised in Norwich , within the county of Norfolk , England .
Igor Crnadak ( born 28 July 1972 ) is a Bosnian politician , Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bosnia and Herzegovina since March 2015 .
Shailesh Jogia , known as `` Joe '' ( born 13 November 1975 ) is an English former professional snooker player of Indian descent .
Henriette Grové ( September 26 , 1922 - December 15 , 2009 ) is a South African writer of Afrikaans origin .
Alexander Gonzalez ( born 1946 ) is the 11th president of California State University , Sacramento ( Sacramento State ) , where he began in 2003 .
Joan of Artois , Countess of Foix , Viscountess of Béarn ( French : Jeanne d'Artois ; 1289 -- after 24 March 1350 ) , was a French noblewoman , and the wife of Gaston I de Foix , Count of Foix , Viscount of Béarn .
Penny Spencer ( born 1 January 1948 ) is a British actress , best remembered for her performance as coquettish schoolgirl Sharon Eversleigh in the long - running LWT television comedy series Please Sir ! ( 1968 - 70 ) .
Erik Lester Eriksson ( born 16 November 1942 ) is a retired Swedish swimmer who won two bronze relay medals at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships .
Anna Mei ( 10 July 1967 ) is a racing cyclist , mountain biker and a breaker of long - distance ( 24h ) records .
J. Quin Monson ( born 1969 ) is an associate professor of political science at Brigham Young University and the director of the BYU Center for the Study of Elections and Democracy .
Karel Uyttersprot ( born 10 July 1949 in Denderbelle ( Lebbeke ) ) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N - VA .
Anja Mihr ( born 1969 ) is a German political scientist and human rights researcher , who has worked largely in the area of international human rights regimes , human rights education and within the civil society sector .
Heinz Jost ( 9 July 1904 -- 12 November 1964 ) was an SS - Brigadeführer and a Generalmajor ( Brigadier General ) of Police .
Tomas Maier ( born 1957 ) is a German - born designer who is Creative Director at the Italian luxury lifestyle brand Bottega Veneta , which is part of Kering .
Sutapa Biswas ( born 1962 ) is a British Indian conceptual artist .
Mary Jane Marcasiano ( born September 23 , 1955 ) is an American fashion and costume designer , film producer , and social entrepreneur .
Gu Jinchi ( Chinese : 顧金池 ) ( February 1932 -- March 17 , 2009 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Mel Broughton ( born 5 July 1960 ) is a British landscape gardener who has risen to public prominence as one of the UK 's most notable animal rights advocates .
Ary Scheffer ( 10 February 1795 -- 15 June 1858 ) was a Dutch - French Romantic painter .
Mickey Herskowitz was born as Milton Leon Herskowitz in 1933 in Houston , Texas to Herbert S. and Sarah Rheva Herskowitz , perhaps most notable as the former ghost writer to George W. Bush .
Rahul Bose ( born 27 July 1967 ) is an Indian film actor , director , screenwriter , social activist , and rugby player .
Borislav Tsonev ( Bulgarian : Борислав Цонев ; born on 29 April 1995 ) is a Bulgarian footballer .
Marvin Zelen ( June 21 , 1927 -- November 15 , 2014 ) was Professor Emeritus of Biostatistics in the Department of Biostatistics at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health ( HSPH ) , and Lemuel Shattuck Research Professor of Statistical Science ( the first recipient ) .
Guido Pedroni ( 21 August 1883 -- 6 February 1964 ) was an Italian professional footballer , who played as a forward , and football referee .
Valeriya Kononenko ( born 14 May 1990 ) is a Ukrainian racing cyclist .
Tania Davis ( born 4 July 1975 ) is the first violinist of the British / Australian classical crossover string quartet bond .
Nanette Hassall ( born 1947 ) is an Australian dancer , choreographer and dance teacher .
Count László Listi de Köpcsény et Jánosháza ( List , Listi , Listh , Listhy , Liszti , Liszty , Listius ; 1628 -- February 16 , 1662 ) was a Hungarian poet and criminal , who was executed for counterfeiting coins in 1662 .
Rashid Zia ( born 6 April 1974 in Gujranwala , Punjab , Pakistan ) is an American cricketer .
Marcello Ciorciolini ( born in 1922 ) is an Italian screenwriter , director , playwright , television and radio author and lyricist .
Louis Ng Kok Kwang ( Chinese : 黄国光 ; born 8 December 1978 ) is a Singaporean politician and founder of Animal Concerns Research and Education Society ( ACRES ) .
Henk Jaap Beentje ( born 1951 , Bakkum ) is a Dutch botanist .
Hamdan Al Abri ( born 18 April 1981 in Dubai ) is a Singer / Songwriter and one of the founders and front man of Dubai - based soul band ABRI .
Preethi Nair ( born 1971 ) is a British author of Indian heritage .
Mike Hallett ( born 2 July 1959 ) is an English former professional snooker player and television sports commentator .
Athanase Jean , better known by the name of Doctor Jean , was born on 24 November 1861 at Saint - Cesaire , Charente - Maritime , into a family of winemakers .
O. Panneerselvam ( born 14 January 1951 ) is an Indian politician who served as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu from 2001 to 2002 and again from 2014 to 2015 .
Martina Krupičková ( Czech pronounced ( Kru - pich - kov - ah ) ) ( born 15 September 1975 ) is a Czech artist who paints in the Post - Impressionism style .
David K. Hoadley ( born 1938 ) is the first known storm chaser and was founder of Storm Track magazine .
Stuart Littler ( born 19 February 1979 in Higher End , Wigan , Greater Manchester , but a lifelong resident of Leigh ) is an English rugby league player .
Iekeliene Stange ( pronunciation : EE - kuh - LEE - nuh ; born 27 July 1984 ) is a Dutch fashion model .
Sabine Everts ( born 4 March 1961 ) is a former West German heptathlete .
Seyni N'Diaye ( born 6 September 1973 ) is a retired Senegalese football striker formerly played with AEL FC in Cyprus .
Randy DuBurke ( born 1962 ) is an American artist best known as the author and illustrator of the Steptoe Award winning book The Moon Ring ( 2003 ) and as the illustrator of Yummy : the Last Days of a Southside Shorty ( 2010 ) .
László Lakos ( born 31 August 1945 ) is a Hungarian veterinarian and former politician , who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1994 and 1996 .
Martí Guixé ( born 1964 ) is a Spanish designer living in Barcelona and Berlin .
Povl Ahm CBE FICE FREng ( 26 September 1926 -- 15 May 2005 ) was a structural engineer and former chairman of Ove Arup & Partners .
Yves Gentet ( 1965 - -present ) , is a French engineer , known for inventing a process to create multicolored holograms .
Tore Pryser ( born 9 January 1945 ) is a Norwegian historian , who has served as professor at the Lillehammer University College since 1993 .
Paolo Di Canio ( born 9 July 1968 ) is an Italian football manager and former professional footballer .
Faysal Ali Warabe ( pronunciation fah - EE - suhl AH - lee wah - RAH - bee ) ( Somali : Faysal Cali Waraabe , Arabic : فيصل علي ورابي‎ ) ( born 1948 ) , also spelled Faisal Ali Warabe , is a Somali engineer and politician .
Jonathan Coy is a British actor born in Hammersmith , London on 24 April 1953 .
Patricia Hooker ( 17 February 1933 -- 2001 ) was an Australian writer who worked extensively in England .
Capt . Henry Lee I ( 1691 - -1747 ) was a prominent Virginian colonist , brother of Governor Thomas Lee , grandfather of Revolutionary War hero Henry `` Light Horse Harry '' Lee , and great - grandfather of Confederate general Robert E. Lee .
Michael Mahonen ( born 27 April , 1964 ) is a Canadian actor , director and screen writer .
Mal Blum ( born 1988 ) is an American songwriter and performer from New York Critics often remark on Blum 's strength as a lyricist .
William Lawrence Bottomley ( born February 24 , 1883 in New York , New York ) , was a noted architect in twentieth - century New York , New York , Middleburg , Virginia and Richmond , Virginia .
Zvi Malnovitzer ( Hebrew : צבי מלנוביצר , born 1945 ) is a Jewish expressionist painter born to a Haredi , or ultra - Orthodox , religious family in Bnei Brak , Israel .
Þráinn Bertelsson ( born 30 November 1944 ) is an Icelandic film director , writer , politician , journalist and newspaper editor .
Dion Dublin ( born 22 April 1969 ) is an English former footballer and TV presenter .
Mayilvahanan Natarajan was born as the third child of Dr. Natarajan and Janaki on 24 December 1954 .
Angus Gardner ( born 24 August 1984 ) is an Australian professional rugby union referee who was appointed to the Super Rugby referees panel in 2012 .
Ernest Joseph Bailly , ( or Baillu , ) who was born at Lille in 1753 , studied first in the Academy of Ghent , then at Antwerp , and subsequently at Paris .
Judy Jordan ( b. 1961 ) is an American poet .
John Lasarus Williams ( 29 October 1924 -- 15 June 2004 ) , known as John L , was a Welsh nationalist activist .
Michael Mailer ( born 1964 ) is a film producer and the oldest son of Beverly Bentley and writer Norman Mailer .
Patrick Murphy Malin ( 1903 -- December 13 , 1964 ) was an American activist and administrator who followed Roger Nash Baldwin as the second Executive Director of the American Civil Liberties Union .
Kanubhai Hasmukhbhai Tailor was born on 17 May 1956 in a small village of Adas , in the Kheda district of the Indian state Gujarat , in a family with meagre financial resources .
Joe Wiseman Howland , M.D. , Ph.D. ( 21 December 1908 -- 12 October 1978 ) a pioneer researcher in radiation toxicity , health and safety .
Armando Aste ( born 6 January 1926 ) is one of the most influential Italian alpinists of the postwar period .
Li Shenglin ( Chinese : 李盛霖 ; pinyin : Lǐ Shènglín ; born November 1946 ) is a Chinese politician .
Alexandr Rodin , sometimes spelled as Alexander Rodin ( Belarusian : Аляксандр Родзін ; Belarusian pronunciation : Aliaksandr Rodzin ; born 15 May 1947 ) is a Belarusian contemporary painter , and is currently ( August 2011 ) residing in Berlin , Germany .
S’manga Khumalo ( born 29 November 1985 ) is a South African Thoroughbred horse racing jockey .
Paul Van Nevel ( born 4 February 1946 ) is a Belgian conductor , musicologist and art historian .
Henry Hering was an American sculptor who was born New York City on February 15 , 1874 and died there on January 17 , 1949 .
Bertil Nordahl ( 26 July 1917 -- 1 December 1998 ) was a Swedish footballer and football manager .
Frank Meysman ( born as François Louis Virginie Meysman on 6 April 1952 ) is the Chairman of the travel company Thomas Cook Group plc . Frank Meysman is a Belgian national ( Dutch - speaking ) .
Claudia Ann Wilken ( born 1949 ) is a Senior United States federal judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California .
Yep Kramer ( born 15 November 1957 ) is a Dutch - Frisian long track and marathon speed skater .
Jim Haney ( born c. 1949 ) was the head basketball coach at the University of Oregon in Eugene for five seasons , from 1978 to 1983 .
Abdallah Ben Abdel Mohsen At - Turki ( Arabic : عبد الله بن عبد المحسن التركي‎ , born 4 August 1940 ) is a Muslim religious leader from Saudi Arabia who is General Secretary of the Muslim World League .
Thomas Joseph Commons ( born 4 January 1950 ) , is a senior Irish police officer ( Garda 18035A ) and Scott Medal recipient .
Arie W. Kruglanski ( born in 1939 ) is a social psychologist best known for his work on Cognitive Closure .
Havva Mammadova ( Azerbaijani : Həvva Məmmədova ; born 1958 ) is a historian , professor and an Azerbaijani politician who served as the Member of National Assembly of Azerbaijan from the 122nd Khankendi electoral district .
Alfredo Rizzo ( 2 January 1902 - 6 September 1991 ) was a French - born Italian actor , screenwriter and director .
Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu ( born 17 July 1993 ) is an English footballer who plays for Luton Town .
Ali Şaşal Vural ( born 10 July 1990 ) , is a Turkish professional football player , who is a part of Eskişehirspor squad competing at Süper Lig , as of 2015 .
Runar Jørstad ( born 1982 ) is a Norwegian journalist for NRK Dagsrevyen .
Mustafa Hulusi ( born in 1971 , London , United Kingdom ) is a British artist .
Asif Azim ( Born 15 March 1984 ) is an international film actor and model from Bangladesh .
Margaret Daly ( born 26 January 1938 ) was a British Conservative Party politician who represented Somerset and West Dorset in the European Parliament from 1984 to 1994 .
Pietro Forquet ( born 1925 ) is an Italian bridge player , one of the most famous in bridge history .
Umberto Romano ( born 6 January 1973 ) is a Swiss football player of Italian descent , he works currently as player - coach for FC Linth 04 .
Carina Cruz Arenas , ( born 18 April 1983 ) , is a Colombian actress , model and designer .
Alesha Dixon ( born 7 October 1978 ) is a British singer , dancer , rapper , model and television presenter from Welwyn Garden City , England .
Henry Home , Lord Kames ( 1696 -- 27 December 1782 ) was a Scottish advocate , judge , philosopher , writer and agricultural improver .
Karle Hammond ( born 25 April 1974 in Widnes , Cheshire ) is an English former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Siarhei Byk ( Belarusian : Сергей Александрович Бык ; born 8 July 1990 ) is a Belarusian foil fencer , member of the national team .
Steve Hauschildt ( born 1984 in Bay Village , Ohio ) is an American electronic musician .
Declan Carr ( born 30 July 1965 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team .
Vangelis Mantzios ( Greek : Βαγγέλης Μάντζιος ) ( born 22 April 1983 ) is a Greek international footballer who currently plays for Levadiakos .
Jackie Tyrrell ( born 19 June 1982 ) is an Irish hurler who plays as a left corner - back for the Kilkenny senior team .
Mark Kaylor ( born 11 May 1961 ) is a former professional British boxer .
Major General Charles Ramsay Stirling Stein ( born 1897 , date of death unknown ) was a Canadian Army officer who commanded the 5th Canadian ( Armoured ) Division during World War II .
Charles Bruce Dellit ( 7 November 1898 -- 21 August 1942 ) was an Australian architect who pioneered the Art Deco style .
Panagiotis Stroubakos ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Στρουμπάκος ; born 8 September 1972 in Athens ) is a retired Greek middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
James Russell Lovett ( 1781 -- March 17 , 1864 ) was a merchant , contractor and political figure in Nova Scotia .
Alfred Becker ( 20 August 1899 -- unknown ) was a German engineer and artillery officer who served during the First and Second World Wars .
Malin Wollin , ( born 8 December 1978 ) is a Swedish journalist , writer and blogger .
Megan Spencer ( 1966 - -present ) is an Australian documentary film maker who specializes in the ' guerrilla video ' style of documentary portraiture .
James L. Ziemer ( born 1951 ) is the retired Chief Executive Officer and President of Harley - Davidson Motor Company .
Dushica Gjorgjievska ( Macedonian : Душица Ѓорѓиевска ; born 28 December 1987 ) is a Macedonian handball player for Turkish club Zağnos SK and the Macedonian national team .
Nancy Torresen ( born 1959 ) is the Chief United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maine .
Natty King , real name Kevin Christopher Roberts , was born in 1977 in Jamaica .
Aaron Ollett ( born 19 November 1992 ) is a professional rugby league player for Keighley Cougars .
Betty Pariso ( born Betty Slade ) was born in 1956 in Cynthiana , Kentucky to Harold Coleman Slade and Dorothy Florence Slade .
Alberto Tognoli ( born 26 July 1937 , Brescia ) is an Italian mathematician , who works on algebraic geometry .
Monique Gladding ( born 17 June 1981 in Durban , South Africa ) is a South African - born British diver .
John Munroe ( 1796 - 26 April 1861 ) was a United States soldier who was military governor of New Mexico between 1849 and 1851 .
Countess Noemi Marone Cinzano ( born 1957 ) is an Italian businessperson .
Sabina Khatun ( Bengali : সাবিনা খাতুন ; born 25 October 1993 ) is a Bangladeshi international footballer who plays as a Forward for Bangladesh team and Mohammedan .
Giosafat Barbaro ( also Giosaphat or Josaphat ) ( 1413 - -1494 ) was a member of the Venetian Barbaro family .
Håkan Juholt ( born 16 September 1962 ) is a Swedish politician who was Leader of the Social Democrats from 2011 to 2012 .
James G. Aton , best known as Jim Aton or Jimmy Aton ( 1925 -- September 16 , 2008 ) was an American jazz bassist , pianist , vocalist and composer .
Rohan Hancock ( born 18 June 1955 in Toowoomba , Queensland ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1970s and 80s .
Charles Alfred Kellett ( born circa 1820 in Plymouth , Devonshire ) was a British Master Mariner famous for having sailed the Chinese Junk Keying from China , around the Cape of Good Hope to the United States and England between 1846 and 1848 .
Jozef Regec ( born 29 March 1965 in Kežmarok , Prešov Region ) was a Czechoslovak national bicycle team member between 1986 and 1993 and Czech between 1993 and 2000 .
Paul Hollander ( born 1932 in Hungary ) is an American political sociologist , communist studies scholar and non - fiction author .
Shane Mortimer ( born 24 December 1955 ) is a Ngambri man with a strong connection to the local Canberra region .
Peter Blanker ( born 11 June 1939 in Delfshaven ) is a Dutch singer and artist .
Brian Roy Goble , ( January 4 , 1957 -- December 7 , 2014 ) , also known as Wimpy Roy or Brian `` Sunny Boy Roy '' Goble , was a Canadian singer and musician .
Imerio Massignan ( born 2 January 1937 ) is an Italian former professional road cyclist .
Joseph Bell DeRemer ( 1871 - -1944 ) , who lived and worked in Grand Forks , North Dakota , was one of the finest architects in North Dakota .
Mario Gaspar Pérez Martínez ( born 24 November 1990 ) , known simply as Mario ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ' maɾjo ) ) , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a right back .
Émile Vadbled ( born 21 April 1876 , date of death unknown ) was a French cyclist .
Jack McCallum ( born 1949 ) is an American novelist and sportswriter .
Vicko Bujović ( 1660 -- May 6 , 1709 ) was a Venetian military commander and captain of Perast .
Dirk Kreimer ( born 12 July 1960 ) is a German physicist who pioneered the Hopf - algebraic approach to quantum field theory with Alain Connes and other co - authors .
Virgilije Nevjestić ( 22 November 1935 - 25 August 2009 ) was a Croatian graphic artist , painter and poet who lived in Paris .
Rev. Michael C. McFarland , S.J. ( born 1948 ) was the 31st president of the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Gianfranco D'Angelo ( born 19 August 1936 ) is an Italian actor and comedian .
Benjamin Goodfellow ( 12 January 1864 -- 11 June 1946 ) was a British solicitor and philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1923 .
Mihai Olteanu ( born 14 April 1980 in Piteşti ) is a former Romanian footballer . , he played all his career for Mioveni .
Moses Chamberlain Edey ( 1845 - -1919 ) was an Ottawa architect who designed the Aberdeen Pavilion at Lansdowne Park , a National Historic Site and the Daly Building ( 1905 - 1992 ) which was Ottawa 's first department store .
Sir James Oxenden , 2nd Baronet ( 4 April 1641 -- 29 September 1708 ) , of Dene , Kent was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1679 and 1702 .
Jack Rubinacci ( born Giuliano Alberto Brian Rubinacci 31 August 1975 ) is an Anglo - Italian singer , musician and songwriter .
Richard Cohn ( born 1955 ) is a music theorist and Battell Professor of Music Theory at Yale .
Frank Irving ( 7 April 1925 -- August 2005 ) was a British aeronautical engineer , glider pilot , author and university Senior Lecturer .
Céline Distel - Bonnet ( born 25 May 1987 ) is a French athlete competing in the sprinting events .
Birhan Getahun ( born 5 September 1991 in Afar ) is an Ethiopian runner .
Mika Immonen ( born 17 December 1972 ) is a Finnish professional pool player , nicknamed `` the Ice Man . ''
Coluthur Gopalan FRCP , FRS , FAMS , FASc ( born 29 November 1918 ) is an Indian nutritionist .
Neil Barrett , ( born 1986 ) better known by his stage name Deckscar , is a dubstep DJ and music producer from Hertfordshire , England .
Sonny Esslemont ( born 29 December 1993 ) is a professional rugby league player for Hull KR . He plays as a back - rower , and is currently part of Hull KR 's first team .
Jimmy Lusibaea ( born 7 July 1970 ) , also known as Jimmy `` Rasta '' , is a Solomon Islands politician .
Charlotte Pritt ( born Jan. 2 , 1949 ) is an educator , businesswoman , and politician in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Mark Pellew CVO ( born 28 August 1942 ) , a British diplomat , was Her Britannic Majesty 's Ambassador to the Holy See 1998 - 2002 .
Alex Coutinho ( born 19 June 1959 ) is a Ugandan physician , public health advocate , academic , and Executive Director of the Infectious Diseases Institute of Makerere University .
Yvetta Hlaváčová ( born 26 May 1975 ) is a Czech national team member in long - distance swimming and women 's world record holder from swimming the English Channel in a time of 7 h , 25 mins .
Joseph LaDou ( 1938- ) is an occupational and environmental medicine physician and founding editor of the International Journal of Occupational and Environmental Health .
Ian Venables ( born 1955 ) is a British composer of art songs and chamber music .
Skip Palenik ( born 1946 ) is an American analytical microscopist , forensic scientist , lecturer , and author .
Robert Colquhoun ( 20 December 1914 -- 20 September 1962 ) was a Scottish painter , printmaker and theatre set designer .
Mamdouh bin Abdulaziz ( born 1940 ) is the former governor of the Tabuk Province and a member of Saudi royal family , House of Saud .
Odeen Ishmael ( born 1948 ) is a veteran retired Guyanese diplomat .
Jan Waters ( born 28 January 1937 ) is an English actress of the theatre , television , and film .
Murari Rao Ghorpade ( 1699 - 1779 ) , known simply as Murari Rao , was an army general in the Maratha Army from Gooty who administered the fort of Tiruchirappalli and surrounding areas from 1741 to 1743 .
Rupert Read ( born 1966 ) is an academic and a Green Party politician in England .
Thomas P. Riccio ( born 1955 ) is an American multimedia artist and academic .
Megan Burns ( born 25 June 1986 ) , also known as Betty Curse , is a British musician and actress .
Humphrey Foulkes ( 1673 - -1737 ) was a Welsh priest and antiquarian .
Jeannette Charles ( born 15 October 1927 ) is a look - alike actress of Queen Elizabeth II .
Günter Hotz ( born 16 November 1931 ) is a German pioneer of computer science .
Florence Kwok Siu - Wan , born 25 August 1968 in Hong Kong , is a Hong Kong film and voice actress .
David Rollandini ( born 6 February 1979 ) is an American born baseball player .
Shmulik Perlman ( 1925 -- 24 September 2003 ) was an Israeli football player and manager .
Pat Denner ( 1924 -- September 25 , 2011 ) was the designer of Vegas Vic .
Claire Eagan ( born 1950 ) is a district judge for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma .
Toplica Spasojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Топлица Спасојевић ) , ( born 1956 in Svilajnac , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) , is a formerly President of Red Star Belgrade .
Julia Beljajeva ( born 21 July 1992 ) is an Estonian épée fencer , 2013 world champion and 2014 team world silver medallist .
Hariss Harun ( born 19 November 1990 ) is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Malaysia Super League side Johor Darul Ta'zim as a central midfielder .
Scott Quigg ( born 9 October 1988 ) is a British professional boxer and the current WBA super bantamweight champion .
Olié Koffi Kan Tobie ( born 7 June 1984 in Sincody ) is an Ivorian footballer who last played Moroccan side Hassania Agadir .
Ahmad Allam - Mi ( born 1948 ) is a Chadian diplomat who has been Secretary - General of the Economic Community of Central African States since 2013 .
John Jacob Zink ( 1886 - 1952 ) was an American architect who designed movie houses in Washington , D.C. , and Baltimore .
Sheenagh Pugh ( born 20 December 1950 ) is a British poet , novelist and translator who writes in the English language .
Gülşen Bubikoğlu ( born 5 December 1954 , İstanbul ) is a Turkish actress , one of the leading ladies of Turkish cinema in the 1970s and into the early 1980s .
Oltion Luli ( 18 August 1969 ) born in Shkodër he is a former Albanian athlete , who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in the Men 's 100 m he finished 8th in his heat and failed to advance .
Carl Norac ( born 29 June 1960 ) is a Walloon Belgian author of children 's books and poetry .
Alaa Abdulkareem Fartusi ( c. 1978 -- February 10 , 2008 ) was an Iraqi journalist for al - Furat , a Shiite - backed satellite news station .
Boštjan Frelih ( born 10 February 1993 ) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as left - back defender for Inter Zaprešić in the Prva HNL .
Mikey Mileos ( born 6 December 1980 ) is a stand up comedian and comedy writer from Sydney , Australia who lives in Arizona , USA .
Jessica Manley ( born 1985 ) is a British actress who has had appearances in a number of movies and numerous plays and TV series .
Horace Finch ( 23 July 1906 -- 28 September 1980 ) was an English pianist and organist .
Yvonne Ducksworth ( born in 1967 in Burlington , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer , actress ( known for Trouble ) and TV presenter .
Sir Joseph Gurney Pease , 5th Baronet ( born 16 November 1927 ) is a British hotelier and a Liberal Party politician .
Abraham David Sofaer ( born May 6 , 1938 ) is a former federal judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York , and then a Legal Adviser to the United States State Department .
Eugene Kang ( born 1984 ) is the Special Projects Coordinator and Confidential Assistant to President Barack Obama .
Ani Batikian ( born 22 November 1982 ) is an Armenian violinist currently living in Scotland .
Yogaraj Bhat ( born 8 October 1973 ) is an Indian Kannada film director , lyricist , producer and screenwriter .
Nahum Het ( Hebrew : נחום חת‎‎ , born 1896 , died 15 January 1990 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists between 1951 and 1955 .
Maksim Lukashevich ( Belarusian : Максiм Лукашэвiч ; Russian : Максим Лукашевич ; born 28 March 1992 ) is a Belarusian footballer .
Dr. Miklós Baranyai ( 1934 - -1997 ) was a Hungarian physician and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Hatvan ( Heves County Constituency IV ) between 1990 and 1994 .
François Coulomb the Younger ( La Ciotat , 1691 - Toulon , July 1751 ) was a French naval architect ( ingénieur - constructeur ) , the son of François Coulomb the Elder .
Bill Gaston ( born 1953 ) is a Canadian novelist , playwright and short story writer .
Åsa Beckman ( born 1961 ) is a Swedish literary critic .
Maren Meinert ( born 5 August 1973 in Rheinhausen ) is a retired German football midfielder / striker and currently the coach for the German U-20 Women 's squad .
Srinu Pandranki ( Telugu : శ్రీను పాండ్రంకి ) ( born 5 October 1987 ) is an Indian author , short film maker and screenwriter .
Field Marshal Dr. Mohammed Aly Fahmy ( 11 October 1920 -- 11 September 1999 ) , known as the `` father of the Egyptian Air Defense '' graduated from the Egyptian Military Academy in 1940 .
Marek Čmejla ( * 7 June 1967 ) A Czech entrepreneur and musician .
Sir Joseph Child Priestley , KC , JP , DL ( 11 January 1862 -- 9 June 1941 ) was an English lawyer , active in public life in Hertfordshire .
John Shiwak ( 1889 -- November 20 , 1917 ) born Rigolet , Labrador , and died at Masnieres , France , when a German shell exploded killing him and six of his fellow soldiers during the First World War .
Crispin S. Gregoire ( born 1956 , Commonwealth of Dominica ) is the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for the Commonwealth of Dominica .
Dan Glass ( born c. 1959 ) is the current president of the Kansas City Royals Major League Baseball team .
Michael Barton Akehurst ( 1940 - 4 October 1989 ) was an international lawyer .
Owen Martin O'Hagan , ( 23 June 1950 -- 28 September 2001 ) was an Irish investigative journalist from Lurgan , Northern Ireland and a former member of the Official Irish Republican Army who spent much of the 1970s in prison .
Louis - Raphaël Bischoffsheim ( 22 June 1800 -- 14 November 1873 ) was a German banker , from the Bischoffsheim family .
Stanley Frederick Utz ( 17 May 1898 - 6 May 1974 ) was an Australian businessman and official of the Australian Liberal Party .
John L. Lahey ( born 1946 ) is the president of Quinnipiac University .
Stephen Sargent Visher ( 1887 - 1967 ) was an American regional geographer and eugenicist .
Bert de Ruijter ( born 1952 ) , known as Leigh Blond , is a Dutch composer , singer and songwriter .
Baek Min - chul ( Korean : 백민철 ; born 2 April 1986 , in Seoul ) is a Korean professional ice hockey center .
Tom Jaine ( born 4 June 1943 ) is a former restaurateur , a food writer and the proprietor of Prospect Books .
Stacy McGaugh ( born 11 January 1964 ) is an American astronomer and professor in the Department of Astronomy at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , Ohio .
Jean - Albin Régis ( born 19 February 1912 ) was a French sports shooter .
Jeffery John Mumford Speed CBE FRSA FInstLM FRGS ( born 3 October 1936 ) was Director of Fundraising and the Treasurer 's Department at Conservative Central Office ( 1995 - -96 ) .
Lisa Castel ( born 1955 in Quela , Malanje Province ) , is an Angolan writer and journalist .
Stewart Fellows ( born 9 October 1948 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a half - back in the Football League for York City , in non - League football for King 's Lynn , and was on the books of Newcastle United without making a league appearance .
Michael Laudrup ( born 15 June 1964 ) is a retired Danish footballer and former manager of Qatar Stars League club Lekhwiya .
Jouni Joensuu ( born 26 October 1962 ) is a Finnish football manager currently working as the Executive Director for FC Jazz .
Roland Huntford ( born R. Horwitch in 1927 ) is an author , principally of biographies of Polar explorers .
Helga Gunerius Eriksen ( born 11 October 1950 ) is a Norwegian novelist and children 's writer .
Ruth Emmanuella Davies ( born 1967 ) , known professionally as Rudi Davies , is an English actress , the daughter of Alan Sharp ( 1934 - 2013 ) and the writer , Dame Beryl Bainbridge ( 1932 - -2010 ) .
Catherine C. Blake ( born 1950 ) is the Chief United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maryland .
Clas Håkan Jesper Strömblad ( born 28 November 1972 ) is a Swedish musician who is the guitarist for the bands Dimension Zero and The Resistance .
Clyde Apperson ( born 1955 ) a.k.a . C was arrested on Nov. 6th 2000 for running the largest illicit LSD manufacturing operation in the history of the United States with partner William Leonard Pickard .
James P. Hynes ( born 1948 ) is the founder of COLT Group , one of the United Kingdom 's largest telecommunications businesses .
`` Spencer Gene Settles was born in Houston , Texas on 25 February 1953 to the late Paul Silas and Martha Ann Tate Settles .
Julien Alexandre Achard de Bonvouloir ( 10 May 1749 Passais - la - Conception - 1783 ) was a secret French envoy to the American colonies , in 1775 .
Ama Agbeze ( surname pronounced `` Ab - wear - zeh '' ) ( born 12 November 1982 in Selly Oak , England ) is an English international netball player .
Jeremiah Hacker ( 1801 - -1895 ) was a reformer and journalist who lived and wrote in Portland , Maine from 1845 to 1866 .
Jung Seung - hwa ( Hangul : 정승화 ; born 27 March 1981 ) is a South Korean épée fencer , individual bronze medallist and team silver medallist at the 2015 World Fencing Championships .
Gelete Burka Bati ( sometimes misspelled Burika , Amharic : ገለቴ ቡርቃ ; born 23 January 1986 ) is an Ethiopian middle - distance and long - distance runner .
DJ Jurgen ( born Jürgen Rijkers , 13 February 1967 ) is a Dutch DJ , remixer , producer , and artist .
Thomas Gumpert ( * 11 December 1952 in Lauchhammer , Brandenburg ) is a German actor .
Jonathan Pedley ( born 1962 ) is a British authority on wine .
Jin Zhenji ( Chinese : 金振吉 ; Korean Hangul : 김진길 ; RR : Gim Jin - gil ; born February 1959 ) is a Chinese politician of Korean ethnic origin .
Janne Tolsa ( born 7 March 1970 ) is a Finnish heavy metal musician .
Ioan Luchian Mihalea ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈo̯an lukiˈan miˈhale̯a ) ; b. 1951 -- d. 29 November 1993 ) was a Romanian composer , conductor and television producer .
Jens Weißflog ( born 21 July 1964 ) is an East German / German former ski jumper .
Peter Jann ( born 1935 ) is an Austrian jurist and was a judge at the European Court of Justice from 19 January 1995 until 7 October 2009 .
Kieran Hanrahan is an Irish radio host and musician , born in Ennis , Co. Clare in 1957 .
Christopher John Rocco ( born July 9 , 1967 ) is an American illustrator of book covers and children 's books .
DJ Clazzi ( born Kim Sung Hoon ; 15 November 1974 ) , also known simply as Clazzi , is a South Korean electronica musician .
Andrew Giddings ( born 10 July 1963 ) is an English keyboardist and was a member of Jethro Tull from 1991 to 2007 .
Ilya Nikkolai ( born 25 September 1939 in Kiev , Ukraine ) is an Australian visual music artist and architectural designer currently residing in Perth , Western Australia .
Brad Adkins ( born 1973 in Kalispell , Montana ) is a self - taught American artist and curator currently residing in Portland , Oregon .
Constance Isabel Smith ( born June 1894 , Battersea , London ) was a popular British novelist .
Marvin Goldstein ( born 1950 ) is an acclaimed professional pianist and performer .
Ato ( Mr. ) Mersha Nahusenay ( አቶ መርሻ ናሁሠናይ ) was born about 1850 near the town of Ankober , the former capital of Shewa .
Rodrigo Archubi ( born 6 June 1985 in Remedios de Escalada ) is an Argentine football winger , who plays for Deportes La Serena .
Abigail Ozora Simpson ( born 1964 ) is a contemporary sculptor working in clay .
Marcel Dallemagne ( born c. 1898 ) was a French professional golfer who won several prestigious tournaments in Europe in the 1930s and 1940s .
Herman Armour Webster ( b. New York City , 6 April 1878 ; d. 1970 ) was an American artist .
Thomas J. Wilson ( born 1958 ) is chairman , president and chief executive officer of The Allstate Corporation and Allstate Insurance Company .
Katherine Frances `` Katy '' Brand ( born 13 January 1979 ) is an English actress , comedian and writer , known for her ITV2 series Katy Brand 's Big Ass Show and for Comedy Lab Slap on Channel 4 .
Susanna Carson Rijnhart , ( 1868 - 1908 ) , better known as Susie Rijnhart or `` Doctor Susie , '' was a Canadian medical doctor , Protestant missionary , and Tibetan explorer .
Romulo Royo is a contemporary artist , born in 1976 in Zaragoza ( Spain ) .
Geoff Angus ( born 19 August 1948 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the VFL .
Nigel Roder , ( born 1967 ) , also known professionally as Kester the Jester , was designated the official `` State Jester '' of England in 2004 by English Heritage .
Wolf Henzler ( born 5 April 1975 ) is a German professional racing driver known for his success with Porsches .
Alfonso Quijada Urías ( born 8 December 1940 ) , is a Salvadoran poet and an author .
Francis Aungier , 1st Baron Aungier of Longford ( 1558 - -1632 ) , also known as Lord Aungier , was the progenitor of the Earldom of Longford , member of the House of Lords , Privy Councillor for Ireland , and Master of the Rolls in Ireland under James I and Charles I.
Jesper Christensen ( Danish pronunciation : ( jesb̥ɐ ˈkʰʁɛsd̥n̩sn̩ ) ; born 16 May 1948 ) is a Danish actor .
Nayda Collazo - Llorens ( born 1968 in San Juan , PR ) is a visual artist whose work spans drawing , painting , printmaking , installation , video , and public art . Her work combines images , sound , and text to investigate how the mind processes information .
Peter Brabrook ( born 8 November 1937 ) is an English former footballer who made nearly 500 appearances in the Football League playing for Chelsea , West Ham United and Orient , and was capped three times for the England national team .
Goreti Venkanna ( born 1963 ) is a popular Indian poet and folk singer .
Mihret Abebe ( born 1988 ) is an Ethiopian beauty queen .
Felicity Dean ( born 24 January 1959 ) is a British actress who is critically acclaimed in both film and stage .
Július Schubert ( also known as Schubert Gyula ; 12 December 1922 -- 4 May 1949 ) was a Slovak - Hungarian football player .
Joseph Lytle Moore ( 1826 -- December 1 , 1871 ) was an Irish - born lawyer and political figure in New Brunswick .
Amiri Kurdi ( Greek : Αμίρι Κούρντι , born 11 September 1991 ) is a professional Greek - Saudi Arabian football player , currently playing for Al Ahli .
Andrey Yuryevich Yudin ( born 11 June 1967 ) is a former Russian futsal player and current head coach of Dina Moscow .
Hilario Chi Canul ( Born 16 October 1981 ) is a Mexican linguist of Maya ethnicity who worked as a translator and Yucatec Maya language coach in the production of the 2006 movie Apocalypto by Mel Gibson .
Estelle Winwood ( 24 January 1883 -- 20 June 1984 ) was an English stage and film actress who moved to the United States in mid - career and became celebrated for her wit and longevity .
Derwyn Jones ( born 14 November 1970 Carmarthen , Wales ) is a former professional Welsh rugby union player and Welsh international .
Michael Jolley ( born 30 March 1977 ) is an English professional football coach , who works for Burnley FC as U21 Manager .
Miles Bland ( 1786 - -1868 ) was an English cleric and mathematician .
Andreas Zick ( born 1962 ) is professor of Socialization and Conflict Research at Faculty of Education Science , Bielefeld University .
Richard Durrant , Dip RCM , ARCM , FLCM ( born 2 November 1962 ) is an English guitarist & multi - instrumentalist .
Steve Selvin ( born 1941 ) is a professor of biostatistics at UC Berkeley .
Zoltan Hajos ( born 3 March 1926 ) is a Hungarian - born and trained American organic chemist .
Annmarie Adams ( born 1960 ) is an architectural historian and university professor .
Israel Militosyan ( Armenian : Իսրայել Միլիտոսյան , born 17 August 1968 ) is an Armenian former weightlifter .
Andy Reay ( born 1 April 1983 in Hillingdon ) is an English rugby union player for Moseley in the Aviva Championship .
Alpheus P. Hodges ( 1821 - July 29 , 1858 ) was the first Mayor of Los Angeles , California after the city was incorporated on April 4 , 1850 .
Laila Bērziņa ( born 1965 ) is a deputy of Līgatne City Council belonging to the New Era Party , currently she also work as a school teacher .
Tim Okamura ( born 1968 in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada ) is a contemporary Canadian painter known for his depiction of African - American and minority subjects in urban settings , and his combination of graffiti and realism .
Chris Calhoun , a Korean War veteran , was born in Opa - locka , Florida in 1934 .
Gédéon Foulquier ( 1855 - 1941 ) , was a French entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera .
Rear Admiral ( Rtd ) Mohan Wijewickrama RSP , VSV , USP , ndc , psc ( b. 12 June 1953 ) was the Governor of Eastern Province , ( 2007 - -2015 ) .
Vít Valenta ( born 4 January 1984 in Uherské Hradiště ) is a former Czech professional football player .
George Claude Lockhart ( 1885 - -1979 ) was the first ringmaster to wear the `` pink '' hunter tails and top hat , and was referred to in his World 's Fair obituary as `` The Doyen of Ringmasters '' .
Zhang Beisan ( Chinese : 张备三 , born 1952 ) , Chinese diplomat , is the former Ambassador to Angola and Portugal of the People 's Republic of China .
Haukur Ingi Guðnason ( born 8 September 1978 , in Keflavik ) is a retired Icelandic footballer who last played for Grindavík .
Grace Birungi ( born 10 October 1973 ) is an Ugandan runner who specialized in the 800 metres and to a lesser extent 400 metres .
Herbert Sutcliffe ( born 24 November 1894 at Summerbridge , Nidderdale , West Riding of Yorkshire ; died 22 January 1978 at Cross Hills , North Yorkshire ) was an English professional cricketer who represented Yorkshire and England as an opening batsman .
Jadielson da Silva Almeida ( June 11 , 1984 -- April 19 , 2012 ) , better known by his stage name MC Primo , was a Brazilian singer .
Hasan Iğsız ( born 1946 , Istanbul , Turkey ) is a retired General in the Turkish Army .
Hammadullah Khan ( or Hammad Ullah Khan ; born 1 October 1981 ) is a Pakistani - born Malaysian cricketer .
Robert R. Nathan ( 1908 - -2001 ) was a noted American economist who was heavily involved in US industrial mobilization during World War II . Prior to the war he had worked with the Commerce Department but was appointed chair of the War Production Board 's planning committee in 1942 .
Frano Mlinar ( born 30 March 1992 ) is a Croatian football player currently playing for Inter Zaprešić , on loan from Granada CF .
Yin T. Hsieh ( Traditional Chinese : 謝英鐸 ) ( Taiwan , 14 April 1929 ) is a Taiwanese scientist based in Dominican Republic .
Riyad Mahrez ( Arabic : رياض محرز‎ ; born 21 February 1991 ) is a professional footballer who plays for English club Leicester City and the Algerian national team as a winger .
Stanisław Krusiński ( 1 May 1857 , Posiołkach , Saratov Governorate -- 24 January 1886 , Kazan ) was a Polish economist , sociologist and political activists .
Elisabeth López Valledor ( born 27 January 1975 ) is a Spanish team handball player who played for the club BM Sagunto and on the Spanish national team .
Lasha Nozadze ( Georgian : ლაშა ნოზაძე , born 18 March 1980 ) is a Georgian professional football player .
Ronny Douek ( Hebrew : רוני דואק‎ ) known as Roni Duek ( born 1958 , Haifa ) is an Israeli businessman , social entrepreneur and philanthropist .
Heinrich Wilhelm Ernst ( 8 June 1812 -- 8 October 1865 ) was a Moravian - Jewish violinist , violist and composer .
Giovanni Battista Bassani ( ca . 1650 -- 1 October 1716 ) was an Italian composer , violinist , and organist .
Shlomi Avisidris ( Hebrew : שלומי אביסידריס‎ ; born 14 May 1989 ) is an Israeli footballer .
Jürgen Paeke ( born 13 September 1948 in Biesenthal ) is a German gymnast and competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung ( SV ) Dynamo .
Melinda Gainsford - Taylor ( born 1 October 1971 in Narromine , New South Wales ) is a retired Australian athlete , who specialised in sprint events .
Kadavoor Sivadasan ( also known as K. Sivadasan ) ( born on 11 March 1932 ) in Kadavoor , Kerala is an advocate , political worker and trade unionist from Kerala , India .
Illugi Gunnarsson ( born 26 August 1967 ) is an Icelandic politician and member of Althing ( Icelands 's parliament ) and the Minister of Education , Science and Culture .
Álex Palou Montalbo ( born 1 April 1997 ) is a Spanish racing driver born in Sant Antoni de Vilajamajor , Spain .
Arlo West ( born 1958 , Oquossoc , Maine , United States ) is an American guitarist and singer - songwriter .
Roland Orzabal ( born 22 August 1961 ) is a British musician , songwriter and record producer .
Neil Martin ( born 20 October 1940 ) is a Scottish former football player , who scored 100 league goals in both Scotland and England and won three full international caps for Scotland in the 1960s and 1970s .
Leslie Tomkins ( born 1948 ) is an English art director .
Gerd Grønvold Saue ( born 20 January 1930 ) is a Norwegian journalist , literary critic , novelist , psalm writer and peace activist .
Joy McKean OAM , born January 14 , 1930 , is an Australian country music singer - songwriter and wife of the late Slim Dusty .
Carson Cole ( born 1965 ) is a Canadian folk singer , and lyricist .
Born in 1941 , Clive Coates worked for The Wine Society in Stevenage in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Glenn Riley ( born 21 September 1992 ) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays as a prop for London Broncos .
Sarah Beth Briggs ( born Newcastle upon Tyne , 2 June 1972 ) is a British classical pianist .
Andrew Stuart Murray McCall ( born 10 June 1964 ) , usually known as Stuart McCall , is a football player and manager .
Martin Matupi ( born 26 November 1942 ) is a Malawian former triple jumper .
Gene Kemp née Rushton ( 27 December 1926 -- 4 January 2015 ) was a British author best known for her children 's books .
Lorraine Bowen ( born 31 October 1961 ) is an English singer , songwriter , comedian and musician .
Karl - Henrik Robèrt , M.D. , Ph.D. ( born 1947 ) , is a Swedish cancer scientist and an important figure in the worldwide sustainability movement .
Britta Steffen ( born 16 November 1983 ) is a German competitive swimmer who specializes in freestyle sprint events .
Pragathi Guruprasad ( Tamil:ப்ரகதி குருப்ரசாத் ; born 14 September 1997 ) is an Indian playback singer who has worked on Tamil language films .
Artur Lima ( born 23 May 1963 , Santa Cruz ) , is a former dentist and politician , leader of the Azorean CDS - PP .
Katie Crowley ( born 12 September 1982 ) plays for England women 's national basketball team .
Edward Sorel ( born Edward Schwartz , 26 March 1929 , the Bronx ) is an illustrator , caricaturist , cartoonist , and graphic designer whose work is known for its storytelling , its left - liberal social commentary its criticism of reactionary right - wing politics and organized religion .
Christin Macri ( born 28 August 1974 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and Central District in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Francisco Javier Mayorga Castañeda ( born on 17 April 1951 ) is a Mexican businessman and politician who serves as Secretary of Agriculture in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón since 7 September 2009 .
Ryszard Kaczorowski , GCMG ( ˈrɨʂart kat͡ʂɔˈrɔfskʲi ) ( 26 November 1919 -- 10 April 2010 ) was a Polish statesman .
Andrea Brady ( born 1974 in Philadelphia ) is an American poet and lecturer at Queen Mary .
Vice Admiral Thomas Davers ( 1689 -- 16 September 1746 ) was a Royal Navy officer who served as Commander - in - Chief of the Jamaica Station .
Daphne Phelps ( 23 June 1911 -- 30 November 2005 ) was a British writer who spent most of her life in Taormina , Sicily .
Derek Foran ( born 9 October 1989 ) is an Irish footballer currently playing for Sacramento Republic .
Cyril Roger ( 27 December 1921 - 26 May 2015 ) was a former international motorcycle speedway rider reached the final of Speedway World Championship five times .
John Elson Mkangala ( born 25 December 1962 ) is a Malawian lightweight boxer .
Lynn Morris ( born 1954 ) is a Christian fiction author .
Enamul Hoque ( Bengali : এনামুল হক ) ; born 3 November 1968 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British photographer , filmmaker and artist based in London .
Chang Fu - mei ( Chinese : 張富美 ; pinyin : Zhāng Fùměi , born 10 October 1938 ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Robert Topham ( 3 November 1867 -- 31 August 1931 ) was an English international footballer , who played as an outside right .
Christina Ong ( née Fu , born 1948 ) , also known as the `` Queen of Bond Street '' is a Singaporean businesswoman .
Stuart Mitchell ( born 21 December 1965 ) is a Scottish pianist and composer , best known for his Seven Wonders Suite ( 2001 ) .
Ben Gledhill ( born 18 September 1989 ) is an English rugby league footballer who played for Wakefield Trinity and Salford of Super League .
I m Suosdey ( Khmer : អ៊ឹម សួស្ដី ; born 28 September 1950 ) is the current Chairman of the National Election Committee of Cambodia , incumbent since 2002 .
Philip Ardagh ( born 11 September 1961 , Kent ) is an English children 's author , primarily known for the Eddie Dickens series of books .
Laura Leiner ( born 22 April 1985 ) is a Hungarian writer who made her publishing debut in 2005 .
Ali Kibar ( born 1958 ) is a Turkish businessman and diplomat .
Lew Yates ( born June 1947 in Sutton , St Helens ) also known as Wild Thing , was a boxer , doorman , bareknuckle and unlicensed fighter and all round hardman , associated with the fighting and criminal fraternity .
Baruch Abuhatzeira ( born 1941 ) , also known as Baba Baruch , is an Israeli Kabbalist rabbi and spiritual adviser who operates in Netivot , a blue - collar town in southern Israel .
Mohammed Abduba Dida ( born 1974 ) is a Kenyan teacher who vied for the country 's presidency in the 2013 presidential elections on an Alliance of Real Change party ticket .
Patrick Henry Weathers ( born 1870 ) , commonly known as P.H. Weathers , was an architect of Jackson , Mississippi .
Øivind Larsen ( born 6 September 1938 ) is a Norwegian physician and Professor Emeritus of history of medicine at the University of Oslo .
Mark Camphouse ( born 1954 in Oak Park , Illinois ) is an American composer and conductor who has written primarily for symphonic winds , but whose output also includes works for orchestra , choir and chamber brass .
John Wooler ( born 1958 ) is a producer , former record label executive , and co - founder of Exolution .
Andros Kyprianou ( Greek : Άνδρος Κυπριανού ; 26 October 1955 ) is a Cypriot politician .
Stuart J Edelstein ( born 1941 ) is a biophysicist , emeritus professor from the University of Geneva , professeur extraordinaire at the École Normale Supérieure and visiting scientist at the Babraham Institute .
Simon Wickham - Smith ( born Rustington , East Sussex , 2 February 1968 ) is a British musician , translator , academic and sometime astrologer .
Alan Tarney ( born 19 November 1945 ) is an English songwriter , record producer and bass guitarist .
Jyotirmoy Datta ( Bengali : জ্যোতির্ময় দত্ত , jotirmôe dôtto)(born 1936 ) is a Bengali writer , journalist , poet , and an essayist .
Hamlet Bareh was born in Jaiaw Lumsyntiew , a village in the Northeast Indian state of Meghalaya on 3 May 1931 to Besina Dkhar and Mondon Bareh , an educationist , as the youngest of their ten children .
Liu Hongcai ( born June 1955 ) is a Chinese diplomat , currently the deputy head of the International Liaison Department of the Communist Party of China ; he is the former Chinese Ambassador to North Korea .
Llewelyn Powys ( 13 August 1884 -- 2 December 1939 ) was a British novelist and essayist and younger brother of John Cowper Powys and T. F. Powys .
János Veres ( born 5 February 1957 ) is a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Finance between 2005 and 2009 .
John Deasley ( 1861 - -1910 ) was a professional baseball player .
Parag Khanna ( born 27 July 1977 ) is an international relations expert and best - selling author .
Basil Chivers ( born 31 December 1939 ) was an English cricketer who played for Wiltshire .
Wang Lijun ( born 26 December 1959 ) is a former Chinese regional police chief .
Vaughan Savidge ( born 1956 ) is a British freelance newsreader and continuity announcer who works on BBC Radio 4 and BBC Radio 3 , and formerly the World Service .
Mary Ellen Tracy ( aka Sabrina Aset ) ( born 1943 ) is the high priestess of the Church of the Most High Goddess , who was convicted in 1989 of a single misdemeanor count of running a house of prostitution in connection with the operation of the church , located in West Los Angeles , California .
Aamer Gulzar ( born Rana Aamer Gulzar on 27 October 1985 ) is a former Pakistani cricketer .
Onofre Abellanosa ( 1913 -- 1974 ) was a Filipino Visayan writer of short stories and plays .
Neill Gorton ( born September 6 , 1969 ) is an English special effects artist , visual effects specialist and make - up artist specialized in animatronics and prosthetics .
Ramadan Ragap Mohamed Mohamed ( Arabic : رمضان رجب‎ ) ( born 13 June 1979 ) is an Egyptian football player .
Radek Dosoudil ( born 20 June 1983 ) is a Czech footballer , who plays as a centre back .
Jesse Wayne Brazel , or Wayne Brazel ( December 31 , 1876 - -after 1913 ) , was an American Old West ranch hand , during the closing years of that era .
William Harrison Folsom ( 1815 - -1901 ) was an architect and contractor .
Steven Townsend is a self - taught artist who was born in Colne , Lancashire , in 1955 .
Callum Turner ( born 15 February 1990 ) is an English actor and model , who is known for his roles as Bill Rohan in Queen and Country and as Eli in E4 series Glue .
Pauline Joutard ( 1890 - -1957 ) was a French - born pianist who performed under the stage name Miirrha Alhambra .
Sir James Henderson - Stewart , 1st Baronet ( 6 December 1897 -- 3 September 1961 ) , born James Henderson Stewart , was a British banker , Army officer and politician .
Paul Aiton ( born 29 May 1985 , in Mount Hagen , Papua New Guinea ) is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who has signed to play for Super League side Leeds Rhinos from the 2014 season Aiton previously played for Wakefield Trinity ( Heritage # 1309 ) in England 's Super League .
William Eifion Jones ( 1925 - -2004 ) was a Welsh marine botanist , noted for his study of marine algae .
Bruno Lucia ( born 27 January 1960 ) is an Australian stand - up comedian , actor and performer .
Calixte Dakpogan ( born 1958 ) is a Beninese sculptor known for his installations as well as his masks made out of diverse and original found materials .
Armando Latini ( born 20 May 1913 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian cyclist who competed in track cycling .
Roscoe James Irwin ( born 21 February 1984 ) is a singer - songwriter , trumpet player arranger / composer from Melbourne , Australia
Derek Paravicini ( born 26 July 1979 ) is a blind English autistic savant and a musical prodigy .
María Constanza Ceruti ( born 11 January 1973 ) is an Argentinian high - altitude archaeologist and anthropologist .
Matt Parsons ( born 18 June 1973 ) is an Australian retired professional rugby leaguefootballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
John Tartamella ( 1892 - - July 12 , 1966 ) was consigliere for over 30 years to Joseph Bonanno and his family .
Teo Chee Hean ( simplified Chinese : 张志贤 ; traditional Chinese : 張志賢 ; pinyin : Zhāng Zhìxián ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tiuⁿ Chì - hiân ; born 27 December 1954 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Francesco Mauriello ( born 28 November 1993 ) is an Italian motorcycle racer .
Monica Babuc ( born 29 March 1964 , in Bardar ) is a politician and historian from the Republic of Moldova .
Georgi Obretenov , the youngest son of Tonka Obretenova , was born after 1849 .
Robert Krausz ( 1936 -- October 3 , 2002 ) was an Israeli commodities and futures trader .
Agnieszka Arnold ( born 24 September 1947 in Łowicz ) is a Polish documentary filmmaker born 1947 .
Mark Delpriora ( born 1959 ) is an American classical guitarist and composer .
Kostas Beglektsis ( Greek : Κώστας Μπεγλεκτσής , born 5 January 1995 ) , is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Football league 2 club Sparti F.C. , as a Striker .
Violina Linda Pedro ( born 1951 or 1952 ) is a bowls player from Tokelau .
Cihat Arslan ( born 9 February 1970 ) is a Turkish former footballer and currently a football manager .
George Bayoud ( born 1955 ) is a real estate investor in Dallas , Texas .
Patrick Masterson ( born 1936 , Dublin ) is a former president of University College Dublin and the European University Institute .
Darina Márquez Uribe ( born 28 July 1980 ) , known as Darina , is a Mexican pop / rock singer - songwriter .
Len Cormier ( 1924 -- June 16 , 2008 ) worked for many years in the U.S. aerospace industry , in government , large industry , and as a private entrepreneur .
Alexander Moosbrugger ( born 21 August 1972 in Bregenzerwald ) is an Austrian Composer , living since 2001 in Berlin .
Ghulam Nabi Firaq ( born 15 July 1922 ) is a Kashmiri poet , writer and an educationist .
Melanie Tem ( née Kubachko ; April 11 , 1949 -- February 9 , 2015 ) was an American horror and dark fantasy author .
Ben Stevens ( born 1959 ) is an American politician and former President of the Alaska State Senate .
Irina Wrona ( born 1974 in Düsseldorf ) is an actress from Germany .
Aakash Dahiya ( born 20 September 1983 ) is a Mumbai - based actor and casting director , who is known for his work in Bollywood films .
Andrus Rõuk ( born 28 September 1957 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian artist and poet .
Phil Madeira ( born 1952 ) is an American songwriter , producer , musician and singer from Nashville , Tennessee , United States .
Luisa Ranieri ( born 16 December 1973 ) is an Italian actress and TV presenter .
Dragan Skočić ( born 3 September 1968 ) is a Croatian football manager and former professional player who last managed Foolad F.C. in the Persian Gulf League .
Ken Strauss ( born 1953 ) is a physician / author who is known both for his writings as well as for his work promoting the careers and works of other artistically - inclined professionals .
Mark Phooi Peck Lye ( born 22 August 1962 ) is a Singaporean entrepreneur in the design industry .
Kweon Kab - yong ( born 3 October 1957 ) is a South Korean 6 dan professional Go player .
John Henry Barrow ( 1817 -- 22 August 1874 ) was a Congregational minister , journalist and South Australian politician .
José Tomás Errázuriz Urmeneta ( 1856 - 1927 ) was a Chilean landscape painter and diplomat .
Lazar Mojsov ( Macedonian : Лазар Мојсов ; 19 December 1920 -- 25 August 2011 ) was a Macedonian journalist , communist politician and diplomat from SFR Yugoslavia .
Berta Taracena ( born 1925 ) is a Mexican historian , cultural researcher and art critic .
Benton Johnson ( born 1928 ) is an American sociologist and professor emeritus of the University of Oregon 's Department of Sociology .
Dirck Helmbreker , Theodor Helmbreeker , or Teodoro Elembrech ( 1633 - -1696 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of Italianate landscapes .
Rolf Gerling ( born 15 December 1954 in Cologne ) is a German billionairre ranked # 512 worldwide in wealth by Forbes magazine .
Jim Spellman ( born 1968 ) is an American journalist and musician .
Stephen Sachs ( born 14 August 1959 ) is an award - winning stage director and playwright .
Donald Mackenzie Smeaton CSI ( 9 September 1848 -- 19 April 1910 ) , son of David James Smeaton , was a Scottish politician who was the Liberal MP for Stirlingshire from January 1906 until January 1910 .
Ola John ( born 19 May 1992 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a winger for English club Reading , on loan from Portuguese club Benfica .
Hannah Starkey ( born 1971 ) is a British photographer who specializes in staged settings of women in city environments .
Sallyanne Short ( born 6 March 1968 ) is a Welsh former sprinter who competed in the 100 metres and 200 metres .
Satwant Singh `` Sat '' Bains ( born 28 February 1971 ) is a British chef best known for being chef proprietor of the two - Michelin star Restaurant Sat Bains with Rooms in Nottingham .
Lee Kit ( born 1978 ) is a contemporary artist who currently lives and works in Hong Kong and Taipei .
Roger Swerts ( born 28 December 1942 ) is a Belgian former road bicycle racer .
Artur Orzech ( born 22 , February 1964 in Jelenia Góra ) is a Polish journalist , radio and television presenter and music broadcaster .
Ronny Huybrechts ( born 20 July 1965 ) is a Belgian darts player who won his two - year PDC tour card on the third day of the 2013 Tour Qualifying School .
Bruce Milne ( born 1957 ) is an Australian music entrepreneur closely linked to the Melbourne post - punk scene .
Corneliu Calotescu ( 1889 - -1970 ) was a Romanian Major - General during World War II . He served as Secretary - General to the Under - Secretary of State of Land Forces in 1940 .
Buyan Sechen Khan ( 1554 - -1604 ) was a Mongol khan of the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia and he was the eldest son of Jasaghtu Khan whom he succeeded .
Giovanni Prezioso born in 1957 in Boston to Dr. and Mrs. Fausto Maria Prezioso of Towson , Md , became General Counsel of the US Securities and Exchange Commission in April 2002 .
David Spelman ( born 1966 in Washington , D.C. , United States ) is an American , New York - based , record producer and curator working in recordings , films and live events
Liliana Popescu , née Barbulescu ( born 5 February 1982 ) is a Romanian middle distance runner , who specializes in the 800 metres .
Alfonso Rangel Guerra ( born 16 November 1928 , Monterrey , Nuevo León ) is a Mexican lawyer , educator , writer and administrator .
Valeriu Rudic ( born 18 February 1947 in Talmaza ) is a Moldovan microbiologist , chemist , biochemist and pharmacist who was selected member of Academy of Sciences of Moldova .
Georgy Mihailovich Kondratiev ( Russian : Георгий Михайлович Кондратьев , 1887 - -1958 ) Russian physicist , specialist in thermal measurements .
Amanda Royle ( born 1962 ) is a British actress who has appeared in a variety of British television shows including Agatha Christie 's Poirot , Campion , Rosemary & Thyme and Bulman .
Thomas Jeremiah Williams ( 1872 - 12 June 1919 ) was a Welsh barrister and Liberal politician .
John Blakemore ( born 1936 ) , is an English photographer who has worked in documentary , landscape , still life and hand made books .
Koena Mitra ( born 7 January 1984 ) is an Indian actress , model and beauty queen who appears in Bollywood films .
Flaka Surroi ( born 1964 ) is a notable publisher from the Republic of Kosovo .
George Edward Given Lyness , usually known as Given Lyness ( born 16 December 1937 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish former cricketer .
Zoe Beloff ( born 1958 ) is an artist residing in New York who works primarily in installation , film , and drawing .
Josie Lawrence ( born Wendy Lawrence ; 6 June 1959 ) is an English comedienne and actress best known for her work with the Comedy Store Players improvisational troupe , the television series Whose Line Is It Anyway ? and more recently her role as Manda Best in EastEnders .
Amy Yang , also known as Yang Hee - Young ( Korean : 양희영 , born 28 July 1989 ) is a Korean professional golfer , currently playing on the United States - based LPGA Tour and on the Ladies European Tour ( LET ) .
Barukh Binah ( Hebrew : ברוך בינה ) ( born 1950 in Tel Aviv ) is the current Israeli Ambassador to Denmark .
William Irwin Thompson ( born July 1938 ) is known primarily as a social philosopher and cultural critic , but he has also been writing and publishing poetry throughout his career and received the Oslo International Poetry Festival Award in 1986 .
Svend Olaf Wamnes Akstuft , known as Svend Wam ( born 5 May 1946 in Son ) is a Norwegian film director .
Olimpia Giustiniani ( 18 May 1641 -- 27 December 1729 ) was an Italian noblewoman of the houses of Giustiniani and Barberini .
Zafer Ergin ( born 30 August 1942 , Ankara ) is one of the mid-1990s Turkish actors who played in present Arka Sokaklar and gave an importance with Hırsız , being the main - role of Gülse Birsel .
Julian Holloway ( born 24 June 1944 ) is an English actor now based in Hollywood , California , United States .
Baltazar Adam Krčelić ( 5 February 1715 - 29 March 1778 ) was a Croatian historian , theologian and lawyer .
Beverley Jones ( born 17 October 1974 ) is a Paralympian from Wales competing in category F37 throwing events .
Colonel Balbir Singh Kular ( VSM , born 5 April 1945 ) is an Indian field hockey player ( half - back ) .
Paddy Farrell ( born 1913 , date of death unknown ) was an Irish footballer who played for Bohemians and Hibernian during the 1930s .
Kerstin Wohlbold ( born 11 January 1984 ) is a German handballer who plays for Thüringer HC as a middle back .
Kenneth Mburu Mungara , also known as Kennedy Mburu , ( born 7 September 1973 in Limuru ) is a Kenyan long distance runner who specialises in the marathon .
Lisa H. Schwartzman ( born 1969 ) is a philosophy professor and well known feminist and social / political philosopher currently teaching at Michigan State University .
Alonso de Estrada ( b. ca . 1470 , Ciudad Real , Spain , d. 1533 - 37 , Mexico City ) was a colonial official in New Spain during the period of Hernán Cortés 's government , and before the appointment of the first viceroy .
Phil Beer ( born 12 May 1953 in Exminster , Devon , England ) is an English multi - instrumentalist , composer , producer , and one half of English acoustic roots duo Show of Hands .
John McCaffary ( 1820 -- August 21 , 1851 ) was the only defendant to be executed by the State of Wisconsin .
Melvin Wandelaar ( born 2 January 1990 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays for SV Robinhood of the Surinamese Hoofdklasse .
Aigars Apinis ( 9 June 1973 in Aizkraukle ) is a Latvian athlete .
Robert Twycross ( born 29 January 1941 ) is a retired British physician and writer .
Joseph Sittler ( 1904 - -1987 ) was an American Lutheran theologian who taught at the Divinity School of the University of Chicago and the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago .
Adjoua Flore Kouamé ( born 1964 , Abidjan ) is a novelist from Côte d’Ivoire .
Ahmad Madani ( 11 February 1928 -- 12 February 2006 ) was an Iranian politician , Commander of Iranian Navy ( 1979 ) , governor of the Khuzestan province ( 1979 - -80 ) and candidate in the first Iranian presidential election .
Gray O'Brien ( born Gerry O'Brien , 11 August 1968 ) is a Scottish television and film actor , best known for his portrayal of the villainous Weatherfield businessman Tony Gordon in the popular ITV soap opera Coronation Street from 2007 to 2010 , and as Dr Richard McCaig on the BBC medical drama Casualty from 1996 to 1998 .
Peter Skene Ogden ( alternately Skeene , Skein or Skeen ) , ( baptised 12 February 1790 -- September 1854 ) was a fur trader and a Canadian explorer of what is now British Columbia and the American West .
Alper Sendilmen ( born 4 July 1980 ) is a German rapper with Turkish origin , better known as Alpa Gun .
Charlwood Lawton ( 1660 - -1721 ) was an English lawyer and phrase - making pamphleteer , a Whig of Jacobite views .
Nalin Jayawardena ( Sinhala : නලින් ජයවර්ධන ) ( born 18 April 1957 ) is a popular Sri Lankan singer and vocalist .
Dave Thornton ( born 13 December 1979 ) is a stand - up comedian , actor and radio and TV presenter .
Joseph Alleine ( baptised 8 April 1634 -- 17 November 1668 ) was an English Nonconformist pastor and author of many religious works .
Aidan J. David ( born 23 December 1981 ) is a British actor , best known for playing James Arnold ( Arnie ) in the BBC school drama Grange Hill .
Ann - Britt Ryd Pettersson , born 19 March 1954 , is a Swedish news reporter at Sveriges Television .
Francis Dunham ( born 10 November 1793 in Wheathampstead , Hertfordshire ; died 1878 in St Albans , Hertfordshire ) was an English first - class cricketer associated with Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) who was active in the 1810s .
Kevin Roth ( born 1957 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American folk singer and dulcimer player who has released forty - five albums .
Jonathan Lloyd Walker ( born 13 September 1967 ) is an English film and television actor and screenwriter who resides in Canada .
Paolo Maffei ( 1926 -- 1 March 2009 ) was an Italian astrophysicist and science writer .
Charles of Taranto ( 1296 -- 29 August 1315 ) was the eldest son of Philip I , Prince of Taranto and titular Latin Emperor of Constantinople , and his wife , Thamar Angelina Komnene , daughter of the Despot of Epirus , Nikephoros I Komnenos Doukas .
Archbishop Antônio de Macedo Costa ( 7 Aug 1830 - 20 Mar 1891 ) was Archbishop of São Salvador da Bahia and previously Bishop of Pará .
Wacław Iwaniuk ( born 17 December 1912 in Stare Chojno near Chełm Lubelski ) , died 4 January 2001 in Toronto .
Diego Carlos de Oliveira , known as Diego Carlos ( born 15 May 1988 in Campos Altos ) is a Brazilian football striker , who currently plays for FC Ufa .
Kévin Estre ( born 28 October 1988 ) is a French professional racing driver currently competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship with French squad OAK Racing .
Joab Houghton ( 1811 -- January 31 , 1876 ) was an American lawyer and judge who served as the first Chief Justice of New Mexico .
Prince Guillaume , Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg ( given names : Guillaume Jean Joseph Marie ; born 11 November 1981 ) , has been heir apparent to the crown of Luxembourg since his father 's accession in 2000 .
Fio Zanotti ( born Fiorenzo Zanotti on 20 November 1949 ) is an Italian record producer , arranger , conductor , composer and multi - instrumentalist .
Polly Barber ( Polly Scovill ; 25 September 1803 -- 23 February 1898 ) , was born in Lower Canada and , at various times was a teacher , farmer , and businesswoman .
Yuriy Voronkin ( Russian : Юрий Воронкин ; born 18 May 1979 ) is a Russian hammer thrower .
Serhiy Tahirov ( Ukrainian : Сергій Тагіров born 2 January 1989 in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian weightlifter .
Kommissar Hjuler ( born 1967 in Detlev Hjuler ) works as a sound recordist in the field of Noise and Post - industrial music , visual artist , film maker and police officer at Flensburg , a town on the German border with Denmark .
Alain Mafart ( born in 1951 ) is a French military officer best known for his part in the bombing of the Rainbow Warrior .
Qin Jianxiao ( Chinese : 秦建孝 ; pinyin : Qín Jiànxiào ; born November 1962 ) is a former Chinese politician from Shanxi province .
Clayton Spencer ( born December 15 , 1954 ) is an American academic , policymaker , and attorney currently serving as the 8th President of Bates College , in Lewiston , Maine , the second women to hold the office .
Randy Blumer ( born October 21 , 1958 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is widely acknowledged as having started the multibillion dollar online poker industry with the launch of Planet Poker , the world 's first real money online poker room on January 1 , 1998 .
Douglass Sullivan - Gonzalez ( born 1956 ) is an expert on Central American history , particularly in the 19th century .
Eduardo Gallardo ( born 20 April 1969 ) is an Argentine handball coach .
Sir Robert Armstrong - Jones , CBE ( 2 December 1857 -- 31 January 1943 ) , born Robert Jones , was a Welsh physician and psychiatrist .
Yvonne Pavis ( b. 1890 ) was an English - born actress , writer , and producer .
Seán Duignan ( born 1936 ) is an Irish journalist , newsreader , political aide and writer .
Paul Gustav Eduard Speiser ( 1877 - -1945 ) was a German entomologist who specialised in Diptera .
Manazir Ahsan Gilani ( born September 1892 ) was an Islamic scholar from the Deobandi school of thought , which is one of the major Islamic schools in Indian subcontinent .
Virginia Ironside ( born 1945 in London , UK ) is a British journalist , agony aunt and author .
Helen Wyman ( born 4 March 1981 St Albans , Hertfordshire ) is a British cyclist for the KONA Factory Team .
Asher Quinn ( Asha ) ( born 22 September 1952 ) is an English singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist and mystical balladeer , first known as Denis Quinn on the New World Music label .
Valeriu Catînsus ( born 27 April 1978 in Chişinău , Moldavian SSR ) is a Moldovan footballer .
Shahn Majid ( born 1960 in Patna , Bihar , India ) is an English pure mathematician and theoretical physicist , trained at Cambridge University and Harvard and since 2001 a Professor of Mathematics at the School of Mathematical Sciences , Queen Mary , University of London .
Claude Duhamel ( born 1970 ) is a Canadian film , stage and television actor .
James Loomis Madden ( 1892 -- 1972 ) was acting chancellor of New York University from 1951 to 1952 .
Sir William Overend Priestley ( 24 June 1829 -- 11 April 1900 ) was a British physician and Conservative Party politician .
Mohibullah Samim ( born 1965 ) was appointed as the Governor of Paktika on 20 April 2010 .
Brett Sharman ( born 18 January 1987 ) is a professional South African rugby footballer .
Aloysius Atuegbu ( 29 April 1953 -- 25 May 2008 ) was a Nigerian football player .
Richard Read ( born 1957 ) is a two - time Pulitzer Prize - winning American journalist who was a senior staff writer and foreign correspondent for The Oregonian newspaper in Portland , Oregon .
Roger Shimomura ( born Roger Yutaka Shimomura in 1939 in Seattle , Washington ) is an American artist and a retired professor at the University of Kansas Lawrence , having taught there from 1969 to 2004 .
Natthakarn Chinwong ( Thai : ณัฐกานต์ ชินวงศ์ born 15 March 1992 ) is a Thai international footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Hans - Erik Eriksson ( born 1961 ) is a Swedish computer scientist , organizational theorist , co - founder of Open Training AB , and author , known for his 2000 work on `` Business modeling with UML . ''
Mark Burnett ( born 17 July 1960 ) is a British - born television producer based in Los Angeles and is currently the President of MGM Television and Digital Group .
Jesús Navas González ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xeˈsuz ˈnaβaz ɣonˈθaleθ ) ; born 21 November 1985 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for English club Manchester City as a right winger .
Ray Hanania ( born 1953 ) is an Arab - American Palestinian Christian journalist and stand - up comedian .
Alberto Gallinetta ( born 16 April 1992 ) is an Italian football player who plays for Naxxar Lions in the Maltese Premier League , on loan from Juventus .
Tim Bowler ( born 14 November 1953 ) is an English author of books for children , teenagers and young adults .
An Jeong - geun ( Hangul : 안정근 ; born 20 November 1924 ) is a South Korean former sports shooter .
Ante Grgin ( born 1945 ) is a Serbian clarinetist and composer of Croatian origin .
Brian North Lee FSA , ( Syston , Leicestershire , 27 December 1936 - 24 February 2007 , London ) was a former teacher , Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London since 1978 and expert on bookplates , or `` ex - libris '' as he preferred to call them .
E. Norman Veasey ( born 1933 ) was a Chief Justice of the Delaware Supreme Court .
Kim Bong - han ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 김봉한 ; born 1916 ) is a North Korean medical surgeon at Pyongyang Medical University and Kyung - Rak institute ( KRI ) .
Teng Haining ( born 25 June 1993 ) is a Chinese athlete who specialises in the middle - distance events .
Oleg Butman ( born 9 July 1966 in Leningrad ) is a Russian jazz drummer .
Przemysław Czajkowski ( born 26 October 1988 in Wysokie Mazowieckie ) is a Polish athlete specializing in the discus throw .
Frederick Locker - Lampson ( 1821 - -1895 ) was an English man of letters , bibliophile and poet .
Ney Yépez Cortés ( Quito , 1968 ) is an Ecuadorian writer , journalist , poet , songwriter , screen writer , lecturer , and teacher of Tai Chi , Reiki and Qi Gong .
Jesse K. Hines ( 1829 -- September 20 , 1889 ) was a Democratic member of the Maryland House of Delegates from Kent County and served as the Speaker of the House for the 1874 session .
Fred Lookout ( November 1865 -- August 28 , 1949 ) was a leader of the Osage Nation of Native Americans .
Niall Scannell ( born 8 April 1992 in Cork , Ireland ) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster in the Pro12 and European Rugby Champions Cup .
Bo Stief ( born 15 October 1946 ) is a Danish jazz and rock bassist , composer , and arranger born in Copenhagen .
Norbert Brami ( Arabic : نوربرت برامى‎ ; born 12 February 1937 ) is a Tunisian fencer .
Daryl Laub ( born 1925 ) is a television and radio personality who worked for stations in the Twin Cities region of Minnesota , USA , from the 1950s until his retirement in 1993 .
Mary GrandPré ( born February 13 , 1954 ) is an American illustrator best known for her cover and chapter illustrations of the Harry Potter books in their U.S. editions published by Scholastic .
Ellen Segal Huvelle ( born 1948 ) is a federal judge sitting in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia .
Jonathan Staley ( 1868 -- 1917 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Derby County .
Rémy Noë ( born 8 December 1974 ) , is an English painter , a member of the international art movement Stuckism and co - founder of the Maidstone Stuckists .
Charlotte Lennox , née Ramsay ( c. 1730 -- 4 January 1804 ) was a Scottish author and poet .
Annabel Lamb ( born 1958 , Surrey ) is an English singer - songwriter .
Lillian Schoedler ( 1891 - 1963 ) was a secretary of the New York City Intercollegiate Bureau of Occupations , which eventually became the Bureau of Vocational Information .
Kev Hopgood ( born 25 August 1961 ) is a British comic artist who has been drawing comic books since 1984 .
Jade Laroche ( born 8 September 1989 ) is a French model , DJ and pornographic actress .
George Feilding , 1st Earl of Desmond ( c. 1614 -- 31 January 1665 ) was an Irish peer and the second son of William Feilding , 1st Earl of Denbigh .
Lucas Macie ( born 2 July 1960 in Maputo ) is a Mozambiquan - Swazi painter .
Graeme Allwright ( born 7 November 1926 ) is a singer - songwriter .
Vlado Jovanovski ( Macedonian : Владо Јовановски ; born 27 February 1967 ) is Macedonian actor .
Kathrin Böhm ( born 1969 ) is an artist whose work is defined by its collaborative nature and commitment to the public realm .
Yu Yuanhui ( Chinese : 余远辉 ; born January 1964 ) is a Chinese politician of ethnic Yao heritage who spent most of his career in Southwest China 's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region .
Berthold Maria Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg ( born 3 July 1934 ) is a German retired Bundeswehr general .
Ram Jethmalani born 14 September 1923 , is an Indian lawyer and politician .
Sir Rupert Mackeson , 2nd Baronet ( born 16 November 1941 ) is a British author and former soldier .
Carlos Micháns ( born Carlos Eduardo Micháns on 18 August 1950 ) is a Dutch composer of Argentine origin .
Sir Lancelot Oliphant , KCMG , CB ( 8 October 1881 -- 2 October 1965 ) was a British diplomat , Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Belgium , Minister - Plenipotentiary to Luxembourg and Director General of the Foreign Office .
Sue Coe ( born 28 November 1951 ) is an English artist and illustrator , working primarily in drawing and printmaking , often in the form of illustrated books and comics .
Cho U ( simplified Chinese : 张栩 ; traditional Chinese : 張栩 ; pinyin : Zhang Xu ; Wade -- Giles : Chang Hsu ; born on 20 January 1980 ) is a Taiwanese professional Go player .
Félicien Kabuga ( born 1935 ) is a Rwandan businessman , accused of bankrolling and participating in the Rwandan Genocide .
Everton Fox ( born 1964 ) is a British weather presenter , currently working for Al Jazeera English .
Sir Philip Carteret , 1st Baronet ( 1620 -- between 1663 and 1675 ) , also known as Philippe de Carteret III , was the 4th Seigneur of Sark .
V. S. Krishna Iyer ( 7 January 1922 -- 25 July 2011 ) was an Indian politician and independence movement activist from the state of Karnataka .
Ondoro Osoro ( born 3 December 1967 ) is a former Kenyan long - distance runner who competed mostly in cross country and road races .
Bartholomäus Gesius ( also : Göß , Gese , c. 1562 -- 1613 ) was a German theologian , church musician , composer and hymn writer .
Harry Collins ( born 13 June 1943 ) , is a British sociologist of science at the School of Social Sciences , Cardiff University , Wales .
Kenneth True Norris Jr. ( August 16 , 1930 - -September 21 , 1996 ) was an industrialist and philanthropist who lived in Huntington Beach , California .
Stephen Pevnick ( born 1944 ) is an American interdisciplinary artist who works in a variety of media , including interactive art , public art , permanent installations , and installations for the trade show industry .
Jaime Bonilla Valdez ( born 9 June 1950 ) is a Mexican politician and businessman affiliated to the National Regeneration Movement ( formerly to the Labor Party ) .
Denis Nagulin ( Russian : Дени́с Нагу́лин ; IPA : ( dʲɪˈnʲis nɐˈɡulʲɪn ) ; born 27 November 1992 ) is a Russian racing driver .
Sophia Kokosalaki ( born 1972 ) is a Greek fashion designer with her own label based in London .
James Francisco Freitas Iahnke ( born 16 August 1968 ) , known as James Freitas , is a Brazilian football manager who is the current assistant manager of Grêmio .
Tom Cichowski ( June 13 , 1944 -- September 17 , 2015 ) was a former professional American football player .
Mark David Hall ( born 22 February 1966 ) , is Herbert Hoover Distinguished Professor of Politics and Faculty Fellow in the William Penn Honors Program at George Fox University .
Dawood Hosni ( also spelled Daoud / Dawoud Housni or Hosny , Arabic : داود حسني‎ née David Haim ) was an Egyptian musician and composer born in 1870 in Cairo to a Karaite Jewish family .
Algimantas Kezys ( 1928 -- February 23 , 2015 ) was a photographer born in Lithuania who moved to the United States in 1950 .
Rabi Narayan Bastia was born on 2 October 1958 in the Indian state of Odisha and graduated in Science from Utkal University .
Ernst Hunter Wright ( 1892 - -1968 ) was a professor at Columbia , a chairman of English Institute at Columbia ( 1942 - -1946 ) , an author of many notable works , an editor - in - chief of Richards Cyclopedia for Juveniles .
Nikhil Upreti was born on 10 August 1980 , to Govinda Upreti and Bhoj Kumari Upreti in Piprabhitta of Sarlahi , Nepal .
John David Caute ( born 16 December 1936 in Alexandria , Egypt ) is a British author , novelist , playwright , historian and journalist .
Niall Carew ( born 1974 ) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer and hurler .
Pandit Nilakantha Das , was born on 5 August 1884 in the village Sri Ramchandrapur of Puri district .
Margaret Pemberton , née Hudson ( born 10 April 1943 ) , is a British writer of women 's fiction since 1975 .
Janet Werner ( born 1959 , Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Montreal based artist .
Karine Costa is a French singer born in 1977 in Paris , particularly known for her songs from Disney films .
Elizabeth Neel ( b. 1975 , Stowe , Vermont ) is an American artist based in New York .
Rhiannon Lassiter ( born February 1977 ) is a children 's books author .
Danny Saber ( born 1966 ) is a Los Angeles , California musician , audio engineer , record producer , and remixer .
Low Sook Yee ( Chinese : 劉紓妤 ; pinyin : Liú Shúyu ; born 11 December 1989 ) or popularly known as Suki Low , is the winner in the One in a Million competition .
Sharman Kadish ( born 1959 ) is a contemporary scholar , author , and historian with particular expertise in Jewish British history and with several publications under her name .
Paul Mebus ( 9 June 1920 -- 11 December 1993 ) was a German footballer .
Marion William Dufilho ( 1916 - 1942 ) was an American military officer posthumously decorated for heroism during World War II . Dufilho was born 22 May 1916 in Opelousas , Louisiana , and graduated from the Naval Academy 2 June 1938 .
Patrick Matibini ( born 20 July 1959 ) is a Zambian politician , lawyer and former judge .
Andreas Wiegel ( born 21 July 1991 ) is a German footballer currently playing for MSV Duisburg as a striker .
Polidoro Caldara , usually known as Polidoro da Caravaggio ( c. 1499 -- 1543 ) was an Italian painter of the Mannerist period , `` arguably the most gifted and certainly the least conventional of Raphael 's pupils '' , who was best known for his now - vanished paintings on the facades of Roman houses .
Rudolf Baričević ( 1914 , Jablanac -- November 10 , 1999 , Zagreb ) was a member of the Croatian Home Guard who participated in the Battle of Stalingrad with the 369th Reinforced Infantry Regiment .
Emánuel Moór ( 19 February 1863 -- 20 October 1931 ) was a Hungarian composer , pianist , and inventor of musical instruments .
Willie Mathieson ( born 20 July 1943 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the left - back position for Rangers , amongst other clubs .
Hanna Karasiova ( Belarusian : Ганна Карасёва ; born 8 January 1978 ) is an athlete from Belarus .
Vasyl Virastyuk ( Ukrainian : Василь Вірастюк ; born 22 April 1974 ) , is a Ukrainian former strongman competitor .
Richard Laurence ( 1760 - -1838 ) was an English Hebraist and Anglican churchman .
Olaf Zinke ( born 9 October 1966 ) is a former speed skater .
Melina Marchetta ( born 25 March 1965 ) is an Australian writer and teacher .
Henry McKinstry ( born 1805 , Antrim , Ireland - died April 17 , 1871 ) was mayor of Hamilton , Ontario from 1859 to 1861 .
Duane Flatmo ( born 1957 ) is an American artist best known for his murals , label art and kinetic art sculptures in northern California .
Othman Al Omeir ( born 1950 ) is a Saudi - born British businessman , journalist and editor .
Arthur J. Samberg ( born 1941 ) was the chief executive officer , president and chairman of Pequot Capital Management , a hedge fund which at one point was the largest in the world at over $ 15 billion .
Khieu Kanharith ( born 13 September 1951 ) is the Cambodian Minister of Information .
Hugh Bourne ( 1772 - -1852 ) along with William Clowes was the joint founder of Primitive Methodism , the largest offshoot of Wesleyan Methodism and , in the mid nineteenth century , an influential Protestant Christian movement in its own right .
Mark Britnell ( born 1966 ) is Chairman and Senior Partner for the Global Health Practice of the professional services firm KPMG .
Swati Singh ( born 2 October 1987 ) is an Indian weightlifter who won the bronze medal in the women 's 53 kg weight class at the 2014 Commonwealth Games at Glasgow .
Marcin Maliński ( born 10 January 1973 ) is a retired Polish swimmer who won three medals in the 200 m and 400 m individual medley events at European World championships in 1995 .
David James Jones ( 22 December 1886 -- 23 July 1947 ) , was a Welsh philosopher and academic .
Captain Henry Meintjes ( 25 December 1892 -- ? ? ) was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories .
Kurt Hovelijnck ( born 2 June 1981 ) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 2005 and 2013 , competing for the Topsport Vlaanderen , Quick Step , Donckers Koffie - Jelly Belly and Crelan - Euphony squads .
Rev. Felix Biestek ( 1912 - -1994 ) was an American priest and professor who made significant contributions to the field of social work during its period of expansion following World War II . Biestek was born in Cicero , Illinois and graduated from Loyola University of Chicago in 1938 .
Malcolm Guthrie ( 10 February 1903 -- 22 November 1972 ) , professor of Bantu languages , is known primarily for his classification of Bantu languages ( Guthrie 1971 ) .
Said Suleiman Said ( born 15 June 1958 ) is a Tanzanian CUF politician and Member of Parliament for Mtambwe constituency since 2010 .
Jason Forbes ( born 27 October 1990 ) is a British actor and comedian best known for the CITV series Horrible Science , for playing PC Peasey in the Professor Branestawm movies on BBC One , and as a member of the award - winning sketch trio ' Daphne ' .
Nematullah Shahrani ( born 1941 ) is a prominent Afghan scholar .
Renette Pauline Soutendijk , known as Renée Soutendijk ( born 21 May 1957 ) , is a Dutch actress .
Jean Ranc ( 28 January 1674 -- 1 July 1735 ) was a French painter , mainly active in portraiture .
Charles E. Freeman ( born 1933 ) is an American attorney and first district justice of the Illinois Supreme Court .
Courtney Atkinson ( born 15 August 1979 ) is a professional Australian triathlete born in Mackay , Queensland .
Amos Townsend ( 1821 - March 17 , 1895 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Anthony Hewitt ( born in 1971 ) is a classical pianist from the Lake District , England .
Mark Philippi ( born 21 March 1963 ) is an American world champion powerlifter and strongman competitor .
Zhong Huandi ( born 28 June 1967 in Yunnan ) is a retired Chinese long - distance runner who concentrated on the 3000 and 10,000 metres , and later the marathon .
Sandra Chambers , also known as Sandy Chambers or simply Sandy , ( born 11 April 1967 ) is a British dance music vocalist .
Glen Fukushima ( born 1949 ) is a Japanese American business leader and former public servant .
Avner Shats ( Hebrew : אבנר שץ‎ ; born 1959 ) is an Israeli author and poet .
Dirk Tazelaar ( born 13 January 1963 ) is a former Australian first class cricketer who played for Queensland .
N. Sasidharan ( born 1952 ) is an Indian Botanist .
Konrad Kolšek ( 1933 - -2009 ) was a Slovenian Yugoslav Colonel General who came to prominence during the Slovenian Independence War .
Yann Demange ( born 1976 or 1977 ) is a French film director .
Eric Lichtblau ( born 1965 ) is a United States journalist and Washington bureau reporter for The New York Times .
Ann Downer was born in Arlington , Virginia in 1960 and grew up in Manila and Bangkok and recalled avidly reading fantasy fiction .
Stanisław Kluza ( ( sta'ɲiswaf ' kluza ) , born 2 June 1972 in Warsaw ) is a Polish economist who , from July 14 to September 22 , 2006 , was the Finance Minister in the cabinet of Jarosław Kaczyński .
Heinrich Blyssen ( Latin Henricus Blissemius , Czech Jindřich Blyssem ) ( 1526 -- April 24 , 1586 ) was a German Jesuit controversialist against the Hussites of Bohemia .
Luis Sandrini ( 22 February 1905 -- 5 July 1980 ) was a prolific Argentine comic film actor and film producer .
Godfried Schalcken or Gottfried Schalken ( 1643 -- November 16 , 1706 ) , was a Dutch genre and portrait painter .
Catharina Ulrika Hjort af Ornäs ( 6 January 1767 - 11 January 1837 ) was a Swedish noblewoman and the victim of a murder case which was famous in contemporary Sweden .
Edevaldo Grimaldi ( born 6 June 1984 ) is a former Italian professional footballer .
María Teresita de Jesús Reyes Aleuanlli ( born 4 February 1950 in Osorno ) , known as Teresita Reyes , is a Chilean actress .
Henry Churchill King ( 1858 - -1934 ) was an American Congregationalist theologian , educator , and author .
Eliel Williams Lazo Linares ( known as Eliel Lazo or Gods Hands ) ( born 1 November 1983 in Havana ) is a Cuban percussionist , songwriter , composer , producer , jazz , rock , Latin and pop musician living in Denmark .
Nandlal Nehru ( 1845 -- 1887 ) was the Diwan of Khetri in Rajasthan .
Damir Zlomislić ( born 20 July 1991 ) is a Bosnian Croat footballer who plays for Istra 1961 in the Croatian First Football League , on loan from Rijeka .
Lauro Aguirre ( 1855 -- January 9 , 1925 ) was an engineer and journalist who was active during events that foreshadowed the Mexican Revolution .
Henry Bard , 1st Viscount Bellomont ( 1616 -- June 20 , 1656 ) was an English Royalist .
Bernard Jones ( born 27 September 1924 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Port Vale .
Amedeo Minghi ( born 12 August 1947 ) is an Italian singer - songwriter , composer and producer .
Tim Gilissen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈtɪm ˈɣilɪsə(n ) ) ) ( born 4 June 1982 ) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a Midfielder .
John L. Pennington ( 1829 -- July 11 , 1900 ) was an American politician and newspaper publisher .
Tony deBrum ( born 1945 ) is a Marshallese politician and government minister .
Richard Hadley ( born 29 March 1983 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Karen Matheson OBE ( born 11 February 1963 ) is a Scottish folk singer , who frequently sings in Scottish Gaelic .
Samson Oni ( born 25 June 1981 ) is a Nigerian - English high jumper .
Moon Sang - yun ( Hangul : 문상윤 ; born 9 January 1991 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Jeonbuk Hyundai in the K League Classic .
Dzyanis Karolik ( Belarusian : Дзяніс Каролік ; Russian : Денис Каролик ; born 7 May 1979 ) is a retired Belarusian professional football player .
Leandro Rocha dos Santos , commonly known as Leandro ( born 13 December 1987 in São Paulo city , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian football player at the position of striker .
Mohamed Nafa ( Arabic : محمد نفاع‎ , Hebrew : מוחמד נפאע‎ ; born 15 May 1939 ) is a Druze Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Hadash from 1990 until 1992 .
George William Nicol ( 1810 - 1884 ) was the first African Colonial Secretary of Sierra Leone and was one of few African senior level colonial officials in Freetown during the 19th century .
Abba Kompaneyets ( Абе or Аба Гирш-Лейбович Компанеец , 1870 - -1946 ) was a Yiddish theatre troupe manager and actor in Russia , Latvia and Poland .
Svatopluk Sládeček is a Czech architect ( born 29 December 1969 in Zlín ) , well known for his `` figurative architecture '' .
La Prohibida ( in Spanish , The Forbidden Woman ) , previously `` ' La Perdida ' '' ( The Lost Woman ) is the stage name of Amapola López ( born Luis Herrero Cortés , 1971 ) , a Spanish transgender pop and electronic music singer .
Hreiðar Már Sigurðsson ( born 19 November 1970 ) is an Icelandic business manager working in international finance , and from 2003 to 2008 , was the CEO of Kaupthing Bank .
Cornel Lichtenberg was a Hungarian aurist ; born in 1848 at Szeged ; studied at Budapest and Vienna ( M. D. 1873 ) .
Bessie Thomashefsky ( 1873 -- July 6 , 1962 ) was a Russian - born Jewish American singer , actress and comedian , a star in Yiddish theater beginning in the 1890s .
Carl Donnelly ( born 13 January 1982 in Tooting , London ) is an English stand - up comedian and writer .
Jacob Joseph ( Hebrew : יעקב יוסף‎ 1840 --July 28 , 1902 ) served as chief rabbi of New York City 's Association of American Orthodox Hebrew Congregations , a federation of Eastern European Jewish synagogues .
Dr Chia Thye Poh ( born 1941 ) is a Singaporean former political prisoner .
Nikolaos Thon ( Greek : Νικόλαος Θων ; 1850 - -1906 ) was a Greek courtier and businessman .
Dimitris Horn ( Greek : Δημήτρης Χορν ) ( 9 March 1921 -- 16 January 1995 ) was a Greek theatrical and film performer of modern times .
Justin Keeler ( born 17 April 1978 ) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Bournemouth .
John P. Hart , born 1960 , currently serves a president and CEO of the Impact Center , a nonpartisan nonprofit working to educate citizens , train activists , and develop leaders .
Marie Prins ( born 1948 , married name Marie Jordaan ) is a South African botanist .
Sheetal Khadun ; ( born 20 June 1989 ) is a Mauritian Beauty Pageant winner and former Miss Mauritius 2013 .
Yōzan Dirk W. Mosig ( born 1943 ) is a psychologist , historian , literary critic and ordained Zen monk noted for his critical work on H. P. Lovecraft .
Prince Kwidama ( born 23 March 1985 ) is a Dutch Antillean sprinter .
Adriano Passuello ( born 3 November 1942 ) is a retired Italian professional road cyclist .
Louise Bates Ames ( 29 October 1908 -- 31 October 1996 ) was an American psychologist specializing in child development .
Major Marc Dauphin ( born 6 February 1953 ) is a retired Canadian military surgeon .
Beatriz Kimpa Vita ( 1684 - -1706 ) , was a Kongo Empire prophet and leader of her own Christian movement , Antonianism , this movement taught that Jesus and other early Christian figures were from the Kongo Empire .
John Schneeberger ( born 1961 ) is a Zambian - born former physician who drugged and raped one of his female patients and his stepdaughter while pursuing a medical career in Canada .
William Stanyhurst ( 1602 -- 1663 ) was a Belgian Jesuit of Irish parentage .
Borislav Hazurov ( Bulgarian : Борислав Хазуров ; born 4 October 1985 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who currently plays for Bansko as a striker .
Edmund F. Burton ( 1862 -- October 25 , 1921 ) was an American physician who left medicine for the study of Christian Science .
Uffa Fox , CBE ( 15 January 1898 -- 26 October 1972 ) was an English boat designer and sailing enthusiast .
Jordan Russolillo ( born 3 April 1984 ) is an American former professional soccer player
W. Scott Bales ( born 1956 ) is the Chief Justice of the Arizona Supreme Court .
Arthur H. Clark ( born 1924 ) is an award - winning Australian sculptor from Bundaberg , in Queensland .
Herbert Lawrence Bridgman ( 1844 -- September 24 , 1924 ) was an American explorer and journalist described as the `` Ulysses of journalists '' for his work organizing the Robert Peary expedition to the North Pole .
Peter Kopteff ( born 10 April 1979 ) is a Finnish former footballer who played in the position of left winger .
Ola Bjørnstad ( born 12 November 1940 ) is a Norwegian forester and civil servant .
Aviad Meitar ( born 1959 ) is the Chairman of Quadrant European Beverages Limited , the Pepsi bottler for Bulgaria .
Cara Readle ( born 8 January 1991 ) is a Welsh actress , known mainly for her role as Layla in The Story of Tracy Beaker from series three to five .
Erling Naper ( born 24 June 1936 ) is a Norwegian banker and civil servant .
M. S. Sundari Bai ( 1923 - -2006 ) , often credited as Sundari Bai or Sundarabai , was an Indian film actress and dancer who worked mainly in Tamil cinema from the 1940s to the 1970s .
Lee Tze - Fan ( Chinese:李澤藩 , 5 June 1907 Hsinchu , Japanese Taiwan - 10 July 1989 ) was a Taiwanese painter and art teacher .
Christopher Kier ( born 1959 in Toronto ) is an encaustic painter who graduated from the Ontario College of Art in 1987 .
Samuel Ledgard ( 1874 - -1952 ) was a Leeds entrepreneur who became a major West Yorkshire Independent bus operator .
Robert Ssentongo ( born 5 June 1986 ) is an Ugandan international footballer who plays for Ethiopian club Saint George , as a striker .
Monika Grimm ( born 18 May 1940 , Schönfels bei Zwickau ) is a German pop singer and actress .
Julia Simic ( Croatian : Julija Šimić ; born 14 May 1989 ) is a professional women 's footballer for VfL Wolfsburg .
Graham Molloy ( born 26 June 1947 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the VFL during the 1970s .
Johanna Hargreaves ( born 18 June 1963 ) is a British television actress who has been active since 1980 , best known for playing `` Stella '' in the 1983 teenage drama Johnny Jarvis and `` Linda Jordan '' in the 1992 police drama Between the Lines .
Zinovy Reichstein ( born 1961 ) is a Russian - born American mathematician .
Emperor Ming of Han , ( simplified Chinese : 汉明帝 ; traditional Chinese : 漢明帝 ; pinyin : hàn míng dì ; Wade - Giles : Han Ming - ti ) , ( 28 - -75 ) was second emperor of the Chinese Eastern Han Dynasty .
Aidan Downes ( born 24 July 1988 ) is an Irish professional footballer who last played for Bohemians in the League of Ireland Premier Division .
Elizabeth Rayner or Raynor , née Collier ( 1714 - -1800 ) was a British Unitarian benefactress .
Mario Occhiuto ( born 6 January 1964 ) , is an Italian politician and architect .
Joseph Clayton Bentley ( 1809 - -1851 ) was an English line - engraver and painter .
Sir Sydney Caine , KCMG ( 27 June 1902 -- 2 January 1991 ) was an educator and economist .
Kris Thackray ( born 27 April 1988 in Newcastle Upon Tyne ) is an English professional footballer who currently plays for Alemannia Aachen in the Regionalliga West .
Stefan Kürten ( born 1963 , Düsseldorf , Germany ) is a contemporary artist based in Düsseldorf and New York .
Sarah Eadon ( born 9 October 1991 ) is a footballer currently playing for Newcastle United Women 's FC .
Dewi Muria Agung ( born 16 December 1985 ) , better known by her stage name Dewi Persik ( also spelled Dewi Perssik ) and nicknamed Depe after her monogram , is an Indonesian dangdut singer .
Libo Rupilius Frugi ( flourished 1st century , died 101 ) , whose full name was Lucius Scribonius Libo Rupilius Frugi Bonus , was a Roman suffect consul and an ancestor to Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius .
Sorcerer Lord is turn based strategy - fantasy game published and developed by now defunct Personal Software Services .
Oru Painkilikatha is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Balachandra Menon and produced by Varada Balachandra Menon .
In early September 2004 , amid internal turmoil , the remnants of Otpor ! merged into the Democratic Party led by Boris Tadić .
The Taifa of Carmona was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed for two distinct periods ; first from 1013 to 1066 when it was conquered by the Taifa of Seville , and secondly from around 1143 to 1150 when it was finally conquered by the Almohads .
Shu or Shu Han ( 221 - -263 ) was one of the three major states that competed for supremacy over China in the Three Kingdoms period ( 220 - -280 ) .
Roggenburg Abbey ( Kloster Roggenburg or Reichsstift Roggenburg ) is a Premonstratensian canonry in Roggenburg near Neu - Ulm , Bavaria , in operation between 1126 and 1802 , and again from its re - foundation in 1986 .
The Kingdom of Córdoba ( Spanish : Reino de Córdoba ; English often : Kingdom of Cordova ) was a territorial jurisdiction of the Crown of Castile from the time it was won from Muslim rule in 1236 during the Reconquista until Javier de Burgos ' provincial division of Spain in 1833 .
The Bourbon Restoration was the period of French history following the fall of Napoleon in 1814 until the July Revolution of 1830 .
Wettenhausen Abbey ( German : Kloster Wettenhausen , Reichsabtei Wettenhausen ) was an Imperial Abbey of Augustinian Canons until its secularization in 1802 - 1803 .
The Niagara District was a historic district in Upper Canada which existed until 1849 .
Yamamoto retired , and the Ichiwa - kai dissolved in March , 1989 .
Tarnów Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo tarnowskie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975 - -1998 , superseded by Lesser Poland Voivodeship .
A Transfer Order was made by the High Court in Dublin under the Credit Institutions ( Stabilisation ) Act 2010 transferring the assets and liabilities of Irish Nationwide Building Society ( `` INBS '' ) to Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Limited ( `` Anglo '' or the `` Bank '' ) on 1 July 2011 .
Steamtown , U.S.A. , was a steam locomotive museum that ran steam excursions out of North Walpole , New Hampshire , and Bellows Falls , Vermont , from the 1960s to 1983 .
On May 21 , 2010 , John Slevin the chairman of BFG Technologies , announced that they would no longer be developing graphics cards , as it was not profitable for them .
Has been replaced on 26th April 2015 by the Cormano - Cusano Milanino railway station .
Vaino Väljas ( 1992 - 1995 ) Hillar Eller ( 1995 - 1996 ) Tiit Toomsalu ( 1996 - 2004 ) Sirje Kingsepp ( 2004 - 2007 ) On 28 June 2008 , the Estonian Left Party and the Constitution Party merged to form the Estonian United Left Party ( Eestimaa Ühendatud Vasakpartei ) .
In 1794 Revolutionary France occupied the Duchy of Jülich ( Duché de Juliers ) , which became part of the French département of the Roer .
Dallas Semiconductor , acquired by Maxim Integrated Products in 2001 , designed and manufactured analog , digital , and mixed - signal semiconductors ( integrated circuits , or ICs ) .
However , due to its size and location , Jingnan was the first of the kingdoms to succumb to the Song Dynasty , surrendering when armies from the north invaded in 963 , ending the kingdom .
The final restaurant to carry the Burger Chef name closed in 1996 .
However , for more financial stability , Sega began consolidating its studios into six main ones ( Sega Wow , Sega AM2 , Hitmaker , Amusement Vision , Smilebit , Sonic Team ) and merged them back into a uniform R&D structure in 2004 .
Independence / Democracy ( IND / DEM ) was a Eurosceptic political group active during the 2004 - -2009 term of the European Parliament .
After the capture of Tartu and the Christianisation of the Ugandians in 1224 Tālava was divided between the Bishopric of Riga and the Brothers of the Sword , the bishop receiving 2/3 and the Sword Brothers 1/3 of Tālava .
The alliance was disbanded in December 2007 , upon which the SDI merged with the Association for the Rose in the Fist and other minor movements to form the modern - day Italian Socialist Party .
Auto - Mixte built cars between 1906 and 1912 using a hybrid - technology under license from Pieper , after Henri Pieper died .
The De Riancey was a French automobile manufactured from 1898 until around 1901 .
The Spanish West Indies were also the most enduring part of Spain 's American Empire , only being surrendered in 1898 at the end of the Spanish--
In 907 the Tang dynasty was ended when Zhu Wen , now a military governor , deposed the last emperor of Tang , Emperor Ai of Tang , and took the throne for himself ( known posthumously as Emperor Taizu of Later Liang ) .
Oy Andrée & Rosenqvist Ab ( shorter form Oy Andros Ab ) was a boat building yard and engineering works in Turku , Finland in 1906 - -1939 .
The K'iche ' kingdom of Q'umarkaj was a state in the highlands of modern - day Guatemala which was founded by the K'iche ' ( Quiché ) Maya in the thirteenth century , and which expanded through the fifteenth century until it was conquered by Spanish and Nahua forces led by Pedro de Alvarado in 1524 .
The Alabama Territory was carved from the Mississippi Territory on August 15 , 1817 ; lasting until December 14 , 1819 , when it was admitted to the Union as the twenty second state .
The Second Republic of South Korea was the government of South Korea for eight months in 1960 and 1961 .
Flatt and Scruggs and The Foggy Mountain Boys ( in various forms and line - ups ) recorded and performed together up until 1969 .
The Lurquin - Coudert was a French automobile manufactured in Paris from 1906 ( or 1907 ) until 1914 .
Detroit Electric ( 1907 - -1939 , revived in 2008 ) was an electric car produced by the Anderson Electric Car Company in Detroit , Michigan .
British Airways Ltd was a British airline company operating in Europe in the period 1935 - -1939 .
After 12 months of operation , Direct Fly suspended operations effective from May 7 , 2007 .
Cisco Systems announced on January 4 , 2007 that it would buy IronPort in a deal valued at US$ 830 million , and completed the acquisition on June 25 , 2007 .
The Imperial and Royal Aviation Troops ( Kaiserliche und Königliche Luftfahrtruppen or K.u . K. Luftfahrtruppen ) was the air force of the Austrian - Hungarian Empire until the empire 's demise in 1918 .
Giovanna Borasi ( born 1971 in Milan , Italy ) is Chief Curator of the Canadian Centre for Architecture ( CCA ) in Montreal , Canada since 2014 .
R. Michael Roberts ( born 1940 ) is an American biologist and a Curators ' Professor of animal science at the University of Missouri .
James R. Whelan ( July 27 , 1933 -- December 1 , 2012 ) was a journalist and historian who served as the first editor in chief of The Washington Times , holding the position from 1982 to 1984 .
Ernest DeWitt Burton ( 1856 - -1925 ) was an American biblical scholar and president of the University of Chicago .
Myrna Gopnik is a Professor Emerita of Linguistics at McGill University .
Merrill Swain is a professor emerita of second - language education at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education , University of Toronto .
Sherman Kent ( December 6 , 1903 -- March 11 , 1986 ) , was a Yale University history professor who , during World War II and through 17 years of Cold War - era service in the Central Intelligence Agency , pioneered many of the methods of intelligence analysis .
Hannele Ruohola - Baker is a Professor of Biochemistry and Associate Director of the Institute for Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine at the University of Washington in Seattle , Washington .
Yoshito Kishi ( born 13 April 1937 in Nagoya , Japan ) is the Morris Loeb Professor of Chemistry at Harvard University .
Saba Valadkhan ( Persian : صبا ولدخان‎ ) is an Iranian American biomedical scientist , and an Assistant Professor and RNA researcher at Case Western Reserve University .
Salil Shetty ( born 3 February 1961 ) is an Indian human rights activist who currently serves as Secretary General of the human rights organization Amnesty International ( 2010 - -present ) .
Elmer Ellis ( July 27 , 1901 -- August 27 , 1989 ) was an American educator and fourteenth president of the University of Missouri , from 1955 to 1966 , and first president of the University of Missouri System .
Kees Klop ( 18 December 1947 , The Hague -- 31 August 2007 , The Hague ) was a Dutch professor of political ethics at Radboud University Nijmegen .
Roger Harrabin ( born 28 March 1955 ) is the BBC 's Environment Analyst , and one of their senior journalists on the environment and energy .
Paul Robert Magocsi ( born January 26 , 1945 , Englewood , New Jersey , United States ) is an American professor of history , political science , and Chair of Ukrainian Studies at the University of Toronto .
Hortense Spillers ( born 1942 ) is an American literary critic , Black Feminist scholar and the Gertrude Conaway Vanderbilt Professor at Vanderbilt University .
Juliet Morrow is an American archaeologist and a professor of Anthropology at Arkansas State University in Jonesboro , Arkansas .
Lisa Wedeen is Professor of Political Science at the University of Chicago specializing in comparative politics , the Middle East , political theory , and feminist theory .
From September 2006 until 2007 , Joschka Fischer was a senior fellow at the Liechtenstein Institute on Self - Determination , and as a visiting professor co - taught with Wolfgang F. Danspeckgruber at Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs , both at Princeton University .
Tali Sharot is an associate professor of cognitive neuroscience in the department of Experimental Psychology at University College London .
Emil Kang ( born 1968 in New York ) serves as the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 's first Executive Director for the Arts , a senior administrative post created to help unify and elevate the performing arts at the University .
Matthew Flatt is an American computer scientist , currently a professor of computer science at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City .
Michael A. Arbib ( born 28 May 1940 in England ) is the Fletcher Jones Professor of Computer Science , as well as a Professor of Biological Sciences , Biomedical Engineering , Electrical Engineering , Neuroscience and Psychology at the University of Southern California ( USC ) .
George Drew Coble ( born December 18 , 1947 ) is a former professional baseball umpire who worked in the American League from 1979 to 1999 .
Paul Mayhew - Archer ( born 6 January 1953 ) is a British writer , producer and script editor for the BBC .
Frank van Harmelen ( born 1960 ) is a Dutch Computer Scientist and Professor in Knowledge Representation & Reasoning in the AI department at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam .
Min Zhuo ( born 1964 ) is a pain neuroscientist at the University of Toronto in Canada .
Christiane Linster is a Luxembourg - born behavioral neuroscientist and a professor in the Department of Neurobiology and Behavior at Cornell University .
Tata Subba Rao ( born 1942 ) is emeritus professor of statistics in the School of Mathematics , University of Manchester .
David Gabai , a mathematician , is the Hughes - Rogers Professor of Mathematics at Princeton University .
Alfred Rehder ( 4 September 1863 , Waldenburg , Saxony -- 25 July 1949 ) was a horticulturist and taxonomist who worked at the Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University .
Ray Pawson is Professor of Social Research Methodology in the School of Sociology and Social Policy at the University of Leeds .
Quentin Cooper ( born 1961 , Grimsby ) is a science journalist and facilitator , best known as the presenter of BBC Radio 4 's Material World .
Éric Falt ( born 22 August 1962 in Lyon , France ) is a French senior official at the United Nations .
James Jesus Angleton ( December 9 , 1917 -- May 11 , 1987 ) was chief of the Central Intelligence Agency 's Counterintelligence Staff from 1954 to 1975 .
Warren P. McGuirk ( January 2 , 1906 -- February 19 , 1981 ) was the dean of the School of Physical Education and Director of Athletics at the University of Massachusetts Amherst ( UMass ) from 1948 to 1971 , and an active figure in New England sports .
Helen Rodd is a Canadian zoologist and Associate professor at the University of Toronto .
Professor Raymond Viskanta is W. F. M. Goss Professor of Engineering at Purdue University .
Vikram Lal ( born 1942 ) is an Indian businessman , the former CEO of Eicher Motors , Indian commercial vehicle manufacturer based in New Delhi , India .
Miriam G. Sherin is a professor in the School of Education and Social Policy and the Learning Sciences Department at Northwestern University .
Robert W. Young ( May 18 , 1912 -- February 20 , 2007 ) , professor emeritus of linguistics at the University of New Mexico , was an American linguist known for his work on the Navajo language .
Richard Sennett ( born 1 January 1943 ) is the Centennial Professor of Sociology at the London School of Economics and University Professor of the Humanities at New York University .
Since 2005 Sophie Calle has taught as a professor of film and photography at European Graduate School in Saas - Fee , Switzerland .
Hans Wilhelm Schüßler ( February 28 , 1928 -- December 9 , 2007 ) was a German telecommunications engineer , professor at the University of Erlangen - Nuremberg , an IEEE Fellow and a pioneer in communications systems and digital signal processing .
Jack G. Downing was Deputy Director for Operations ( DDO ) for the Central Intelligence Agency from 1997 until July , 1999 .
Brady J. Deaton , ( born August 25 , 1942 ) is an American educator and was the Chancellor of the University of Missouri in Columbia , Missouri .
Norman Fairclough ( /ˈnɔːrmən ˈfɛərklʌf/ ; born 1941 ) is emeritus Professor of Linguistics at Lancaster University .
Jayanta Kumar Ghosh or Jaẏanta Kumāra Ghosha ( Bengali : জয়ন্ত কুমার ঘোষ , born May 23 , 1937 ) is an Indian statistician , currently emeritus professor at Indian Statistical Institute and a professor of statistics at Purdue University .
Oscar Shumsky , The Strad , April 1985 He taught at the Curtis Institute , Philadelphia , Peabody Conservatory , Baltimore , Yale University , and , from 1953 , the Juilliard School in New York .
Jeffrey Beall is a librarian and associate professor at Auraria Library at the University of Colorado , Denver .
Thomas Pavel ( born Toma Pavel , April 4 , 1941 in Bucharest , Romania ) is a literary theorist , critic , and novelist currently teaching at the University of Chicago .
Frank Dascoli ( December 26 , 1915 -- August 11 , 1990 ) was a professional baseball umpire who worked in the National League from 1948 to 1961 .
Ricardo Hausmann ( born 1956 ) is the current Director of the Center for International Development and a Professor of the Practice of Economic Development at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University .
Morris Berthold Abram ( June 19 , 1918 -- March 15 , 2000 ) was an American lawyer , civil rights activist , and president of Brandeis University .
Deborah Paredez ( born December 19 , 1970 ) is an American poet , scholar , and Associate Professor of English at the University of Texas at Austin .
Hellmut Diwald ( 13 August 1924 -- 26 May 1993 ) was a German historian and Professor of Medieval and Modern History at the University of Erlangen - Nuremberg from 1965 to 1985 .
Karl Eugen Guthe ( 5 March 1866 - 10 September 1915 ) was a German - born American academic and physicist , notable for his work on aspects of electricity and for being the first Dean of the Graduate Department at the University of Michigan .
The workpapers of John Elof Boodin are maintained at the University of California Los Angeles Library Special Collections .
Erika Cremer ( 20 May 1900 in Munich , Germany -- 21 September 1996 in Innsbruck , which is today in Austria ) was a German physical chemist and Professor Emeritus at the University of Innsbruck who is regarded as the most important pioneer in gas chromatography , as she first conceived the technique in 1944 .
At the Technical University of Berlin , where Volmer worked for so many years , the Max Volmer Laboratory for Biophysical Chemistry was named in his honor .
George T. Flom Library at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign contains the former personal library of Dr. Flom .
Zalman Usiskin is an educator best known as the Director of the University of Chicago School Mathematics Project .
Dr. Nafis Sadik ( born 1929 ) , currently Special Adviser to the UN Secretary General with additional responsibilities as Special Envoy for HIV / AIDS in Asia , and former head of the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) .
Aaron Dollar is an assistant professor of mechanical engineering at Yale University , where he conducts research on techniques to make a flexible robotic hand .
Zack Exley ( born December 5 , 1969 ) is a political and technology consultant , previously employed as the Chief Revenue Officer ( formerly Chief Community Officer ) at the Wikimedia Foundation .
Geert Mak studied constitutional law and the sociology of law at the Free University ( Vrije Universiteit ) and the University of Amsterdam ( Universiteit van Amsterdam ) .
Donhee Ham ( Hangul : 함돈희 ; Hanja : 咸燉憙 ; born January 8 , 1974 ) is a Gordon McKay Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Harvard University .
Mark Church is a commentator for BBC London 94.9 , reporting on all Surrey County Cricket Club 's matches .
Rudolf Löb ( November 21 , 1877 -- January 30 , 1966 ) was a German banker with Mendelssohn & Co. and consultant to the German and Russian governments .
Edna Greene Medford is a professor of history at Howard University , who specializes in 19th - century African - American history .
In 1956 , by taking first place in an examination given by the British Consulate in Istanbul , Orhan Boran found himself in London , where he worked for the Turkish service of the BBC .
Shelby D. Hunt ( born 1939 ) is an American organizational theorist , The Jerry S. Rawls and P. W. Horn Professor of Marketing at the Texas Tech University , and highly cited marketing researcher .
In 1960 , Stuart Hampshire was elected a member of the British Academy and became Grote Professor of the Philosophy of Mind and Logic at University College London , succeeding A. J. Ayer .
Bradley D. Harris ( born 1956 ) is a professor of recreational management with special assignments connected to the Nonprofit Management Minor at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) who previously worked for 22 years as a professional scouter .
Lincoln LaPaz ( February 12 , 1897 -- October 19 , 1985 ) was an American astronomer from the University of New Mexico and a pioneer in the study of meteors .
Igor Rodnianski ( born April 28 , 1972 , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is an American mathematician at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Professor Dame Jill Macleod Clark , DBE , RGN , FRCN ( born 11 June 1944 ) was formally Deputy Dean of the Faculty of Medicine , Health & Biological Sciences and Head of the School of Nursing & Midwifery , University of Southampton .
Dudley Brian Spalding , FRS FREng ( born 9 January 1923 ) was Professor of Heat Transfer and Head of the Computational Fluid Dynamics Unit at Imperial College , London .
Carlos Guerrero de Lizardi is a Mexican professor and researcher in economics with the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education , currently the director of the masters program in economics and public policy at the Mexico City campus .
Hjalmar Heiberg ( 25 September 1837 -- 25 September 1897 ) was a Norwegian physician , and a professor of anatomy at the University of Oslo .
David Darts is an artist and Chair of the Department of Art and Art Professions at New York University .
Jan Pieter Krahnen ( born 31 August 1954 ) is Professor for corporate finance at the Goethe - University Frankfurt and director of the Center for Financial Studies and the Research Center SAFE .
Peter Trawny ( born December 17 , 1964 in Gelsenkirchen ) is a German philosopher and professor at the University of Wuppertal .
Roger Birnbaum ( born c. 1950 ) is an American film producer who owns the company Spyglass Entertainment and was co - CEO and co - Chairman of Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
George A. Rothrock ( 1932 -- 1993 ) was a professor of European history at the University of Alberta .
Arnold Buffum Chace ( November 10 , 1845 -- February 28 , 1932 ) was a textile businessman , mathematics scholar , and eleventh chancellor of Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island .
Silviu Berejan ( July 30 , 1927 in Bălăbăneşti -- November 10 , 2007 ) was a Bessarabian writer from Moldova and member of the Academy of Sciences of Moldova .
Marek Chrobak is a full professor at University of California , Riverside .
Steve Orlen ( 1942 -- November 16 , 2010 ) was an American poet and professor at the University of Arizona .
Kogila Moodley is a published academic and sociologist at the University of British Columbia , where she was the first holder of the David Lam Chair of Multicultural Studies .
Vadim Komkov ( 1919 - -2008 ) was born in Moscow , in Russia , and obtained a Ph.D. from the University of Utah in 1965 .
George C. Edwards III is University Distinguished Professor of Political Science and Jordan Chair in Presidential Studies at Texas A&M University and Distinguished Fellow at the Rothermere American Institute at the University of Oxford .
John Seiler Brubacher ( 1898 - -1988 ) was a professor at Yale University and author of many books on the subject of educational philosophy .
Simon Munzu ( born 1949 ) is the United Nations Secretary - General 's Deputy Special Representative for Côte d'Ivoire .
Robert Cover ( July 30 , 1943 -- July 1986 ) was a law professor , scholar , and activist , teaching at Yale Law School from 1972 until his untimely death at age 42 in 1986 .
Thomas Twetten ( born 1935 ) was a Central Intelligence Agency case officer .
Norman N. Holland ( born 1927 , New York City ) is an American literary critic and Marston - Milbauer Eminent Scholar Emeritus at the University of Florida .
René Emilio Ponce ( 1947 -- May 2 , 2011 ) was a senior military officer in the Salvadoran Army during the nation 's civil war , and minister of defense from 1990 to 1993 .
Theodore M. Brown is a professor of public health and policy , medical humanities and history at the University of Rochester .
Eva L. Baker is a Distinguished Professor at the University of California , Los Angeles , the former acting dean of the Graduate School of Education & Information Studies and current Director of the National Center for Research on Evaluation , Standards , and Student Testing ( CRESST ) .
Nathalie Chung ( born in 1962 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian news anchor and journalist for the Réseau de l'information ( RDI ) television network , a Canadian French language news channel owned by the Société Radio - Canada .
David Poeppel is Professor of Psychology and Neural Science at New York University ( NYU ) , a researcher who employs behavioral and cognitive neuroscience approaches to study the brain basis of auditory processing , speech perception and language comprehension .
Margaret Vogt ( May 26 , 1950 -- September 23 , 2014 ) , a native of Nigeria , served as Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Integrated Peacebuilding Office in the Central African Republic ( BINUCA ) until mid-2013 .
Helen Dodson Prince ( 1905 - -2002 ) was an astronomer who pioneered work in solar flares at the University of Michigan .
Kenneth E. Train ( born November 14 , 1951 ) is an Adjunct Professor of Economics at the University of California , Berkeley , USA .
Graeme Nicholson is a Canadian philosopher and Emeritus Professor of philosophy at the University of Toronto known for his research on ontology , hermeneutics , and anarchism .
Jason W. Fleischer is an American electrical engineer , an associate professor of electrical engineering at Princeton University .
Oswald Bayer ( German : ( ˈbaɪɐ ) ; born September 30 , 1939 ) is a German Lutheran theologian , and is Professor Emeritus of Systematic Theology at the Evangelical Theological Faculty of the Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen , Germany .
Matthew Zook ( born in Lancaster , Pennsylvania ) is an American geographer and professor in the Department of Geography , University of Kentucky .
Patricia Sawin is an Associate Professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Mohammad Shaheen ( Arabic : محمد شاهين‎ ) has been a professor of English literature at the University of Jordan in Amman , Jordan since 1985 .
From 1982 until 1984 , Heaney was an artist - in - residence at the University of Washington in Seattle , and previously had taught at Wesleyan University in Middletown , Conn. The Joe Heaney Collection of the University of Washington Ethnomusicology Archives was established after Heaney 's death in 1984 .
Brian Weatherson is the Marshall Weinberg Professor of Philosophy at The University of Michigan .
Leonard B. Kaban , D.M.D. , M.D. , F.A.C.S. is the Walter C. Guralnick Professor and Chair of the Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery at the Massachusetts General Hospital / Harvard University .
Michael A. Barry ( born 1948 , in New York ) is a Princeton University professor and historian of the greater Middle East and Islamic world .
Barney Hall ( June 24 , 1932 -- January 26 , 2016 ) was an American sports commentator for Motor Racing Network , formerly calling NASCAR races .
Gebisa Ejeta ( born 1950 ) is an Ethiopian American plant breeder , geneticist and Professor at Purdue University .
Bernward Joerges ( born 1 September 1937 ) is a professor of sociology at Technical University of Berlin and director of the Metropolitan Research Group , Berlin .
Sheree Toth is a professor of psychology at the University of Rochester , as well as an associate professor of psychiatry and the executive director of the Mt.
Lawrence E. Blume is a Goldwin Smith Professor of Economics and Professor of Information Science at Cornell University , USA .
Professor Ajith Kumar Siriwardena MBChB , M.D. , FRCS , Is the current professor of hepato - pancreatico - biliary surgery at the University of Manchester , and a consultant hepatobiliary surgeon at the Manchester Royal Infirmary .
Brad Troemel received a BA in Visual Critical Studies from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago , and an MFA from New York University NYU Steinhardt .
The Reverend Ira Condict ( February 21 , 1764 -- June 1 , 1811 ) was an American Presbyterian and Dutch Reformed minister who served as the third president of Queen 's College ( now Rutgers University ) in New Brunswick , New Jersey .
Around this time , Shakira also released four songs for Pepsi for her promotion in the English markets : `` Ask for More '' , `` Pide Más '' , `` Knock on My Door '' and `` Pídeme el Sol '' .
Dowell Myers is a professor of urban planning and demography in the School of Policy , Planning , and Development , at the University of Southern California ( USC ) .
Robert Muller ( March 11 , 1923 -- September 20 , 2010 ) was an international civil servant with the United Nations .
Jes Bertelsen studied History of Ideas ( `` Idehistorie '' ) at Aarhus University , Denmark with founder of this interdisciplinary study , Danish philosopher Professor Johannes Sløk .
Władysław Czapliński ( 3 October 1905 in Tuchów -- 17 August 1981 in Wrocław ) was a Polish historian , a professor of the University of Wrocław , author of many popular books about Polish history .
Stephen Semmes is Noah Harding Professor of Mathematics at Rice University .
Hans Reiss Ph.D. ( born 19 August 1922 in Mannheim , Germany ) is Professor Emeritus of German at the University of Bristol .
Since 2002 Michael Hulse has taught poetry and comparative literature at the University of Warwick , where in 2007 he established The Warwick Review , a quarterly magazine of international writing , of which Sean O'Brien wrote : `` in scope and seriousness it offers a useful model for a contemporary literary - cultural magazine ( ... )
Peter D. Eimas ( 1934 -- October 28 , 2005 ) was an expert in psychology and cognitive sciences and a professor at Brown University .
Abdol Ghayoom Ebrahimi ( also may written as Abdol Gh . Ebrahimi ) , ( born 1932 in Gorgan , Iran ) , founder of Islamic Azad University of Gorgan , has been an ex - visiting professor of the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign in the United States before .
Friedrich August Grotefend studied theology and philology at the University of Göttingen , and afterwards was a teacher at the Pädagogium in Ilefeld ( from 1821 ) .
Jan Hamer ( May 2 , 1927 -- July 25 , 2008 ) was an organic chemistry professor at Tulane University in New Orleans from 1960 to 1992 .
Andrew Szanton honed his approach to memoir writing for a number of years as an instructor at the Extension School of Harvard University .
Steven A. Moore is the Bartlett Cocke Regents Professor in Architecture at the University of Texas at Austin School of Architecture .
Edward Champlin is a Professor of Classics , Cotsen Professor of Humanities , and former Master of Butler College at Princeton University .
Jean - Sélim Kanaan ( July 28 , 1970 - August 19 , 2003 ) was a United Nations ( UN ) diplomat , Egyptian , Italian and French national , who was killed in the Canal Hotel bombing in Baghdad , Iraq , along with Sérgio Vieira de Mello and other members of his staff .
Katie Trumpener is the Emily Sanford Professor of Comparative Literature and English at Yale University .
Maurice Jackson is an Associate Professor of History and African - American Studies and an Affiliated Professor of Performing Arts ( Jazz ) at Georgetown University .
He walked out of his contract with LWT , who produced The Michael Barrymore Show , after only one series , he then landed the presenter 's role on the BBC gameshow , Get Set Go!.
David Strange , is an English cellist formerly head of strings at the Royal Academy of Music and a University of London Professor .
A director and theoretician of performance , Herbert Blau ( 3 May 1926 -- 3 May 2013 ) was Byron W. and Alice L. Lockwood Professor in the Humanities at the University of Washington .
J. Karl Hedrick ( born 1944 ) is an American control theorist and a Professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering at the University of California , Berkeley .
Catherine Dauvergne took up the Deanship of the Peter A. Allard School of Law at the University of British Columbia in July , 2015 .
John Sharpless is a member of the faculty of the University of Wisconsin - Madison and a former political candidate .
Paul Starr ( May 12 , 1949 ) is a Pulitzer Prize - winning professor of sociology and public affairs at Princeton University .
John T. Schuessler is an American businessman , the former chairman , CEO and president of the fast food chain Wendy 's International , Inc. He started with the company in 1976 and retired in 2006 .
Augustus Thorndike ( 1896 - -1986 ) , was the chief of surgery at Harvard University from 1931 to 1962 and a pioneer in sports medicine .
Artem Ovcharenko ( Russian : Артём Вячеславович Овчаренко , born 31 December 1986 ) is a Russian ballet dancer and principal at the Bolshoi Theatre .
Capades was sired by Overskate , a Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee who won an unprecedented nine Sovereign Awards while racing in Canada and the United States .
In February 2014 , Frank Stronach purchased an undisclosed share in the horse on behalf of his Adena Springs Farms , owner of Mucho Macho Man 's sire , Macho Uno .
Ragnhild Sigurdsdotter was the daughter of Sigurd Hart of the Dagling clan .
Monsun was a son of Germany 's first triple crown winner and champion racehorse and sire Königsstuhl , a descendant of the influential sire , Bahram .
Bred by E. P. Taylor , owner of her sire , Vice Regent , and her dam , Deceit , Deceit Dancer was purchased by Kleinburg , Ontario racing stable owner Bahnam K. Yousif .
Naratheinkha was the eldest son of Narathu and Queen Myauk Pyinthe .
Muthuvel Karunanidhi Stalin ( Tamil : மு.க. ஸ்டாலின் Mu . Ka . Sṭāliṉ ; born 1 March 1953 ) is an Indian politician , better known as M. K. Stalin , who was Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu from 2009 to 2011 .
Gyo Obata ( born February 28 , 1923 ) is an American architect , the son of painter Chiura Obata and his wife , Haruko Obata , a floral designer .
Thomas Lamb Eliot was born in St. Louis , Missouri as the first son of Rev. William Greenleaf Eliot , D.D. , of the Church of the Messiah in St. Louis .
At the end of World War II , at the age of 13 , Stelio Belletti began working for his father Antenore Belletti in his workshop in via Giovanni Antonio Amadeo in the Ortica district of Milan , where they repaired and built tubular steel aircraft fuselages .
Louisa Catherine Shore , was the youngest daughter of three daughters and two sons of Margaret Anne Twopeny and Thomas Shore .
George Lewis Coke was born in 1715 to Thomas Coke and his wife Mary ( née Hale ) .
Shivaji 's father Shahaji Bhonsle was a Maratha general who served the Deccan Sultanates .
Born by 1513 , Robert Throckmorton was the eldest son and heir of Sir George Throckmorton ( d.1552 ) by Katherine Vaux , daughter of Nicholas Vaux , 1st Baron Vaux of Harrowden ( d.1523 ) .
Lady Mary Grey ( c. 1545 -- 20 April 1578 ) was the youngest daughter of Henry Grey , 1st Duke of Suffolk , and Frances Brandon , and through her mother had a claim to the crown .
Venetia Burney was the daughter of Rev. Charles Fox Burney , Oriel Professor of the Interpretation of Holy Scripture at Oxford , and his wife Ethel Wordsworth Burney ( née Madan ) .
Sir Thomas Butler , 1st Baronet ( died 1642 ) was an Irish nobleman , the illegitimate son of Sir Edmund Butler of Cloughgrenan and grandson of James Butler , 9th Earl of Ormond .
Kharahostes 's own coins attest that he was the son of Arta .
Konstantin Bulgakov was the son of a diplomat , Yakov Bulgakov ( 1743 - -1809 ) .
Finarfin was the third son and youngest child of Finwë .
Prince Henry , Duke of Gloucester , KG , KT , KP , GCB , GCMG , GCVO ( Henry William Frederick Albert ; 31 March 1900 -- 10 June 1974 ) was a soldier and third son of King George V and Queen Mary .
Judah Maccabee ( or Judas Maccabeus , also spelled Machabeus , or Maccabaeus , Hebrew : יהודה המכבי , Y'hudhah HaMakabi ) was a Jewish priest ( kohen ) and a son of the priest Mattathias .
Lenaert Jansz de Graeff ( Amsterdam 1530/35 -- before 1578 ) , was a member of the family De Graeff and the son of Jan Pietersz Graeff , a rich cloth merchant from Amsterdam .
Foaled in Kentucky , Sysonby was a bay son of the 1885 Epsom Derby winner , Melton , out of the English mare Optime by Orme ( by the undefeated Ormonde ) .
Ordoño Ramírez , called `` the Blind '' ( c. 981 - -before 1024 ) was the son of King Ramiro III of León and Sancha Gómez , grandson of Sancho I of León and Queen Teresa Ansúrez and , on the maternal side , of Gómez Díaz , Count of Saldaña and Countess Muniadona Fernández .
A son of King Saw Zein and grandnephew of the kingdom 's founder , King Wareru , Binnya U grew up at the court of his uncle Binnya E Law .
Kim Han - sol ( Korean : 김한솔 , born 16 June 1995 ) is the eldest son of Kim Jong - nam and the grandson of the former North Korean ruler , Kim Jong - il .
Born to Maharaja Sawai Man Singh II and his first wife , Marudhar Kanwar of Jodhpur , Bhawani Singh was educated at Sheshbagh School , Srinagar , The Doon School , Dehradun , and later Harrow School in the United Kingdom .
Philibert Bouttats , a Flemish engraver , the son of Frederik Bouttats the Younger , was born at Antwerp about the year 1650 , and died at the age of 72 .
Sima You ( 248 - -283 ) , courtesy name Taiyou ( 大猷 ) , was the second son of the Cao Wei regent Sima Zhao during the Three Kingdoms period .
James Prinsep was the seventh son and the tenth child of John Prinsep ( 1746 - -1830 ) and his wife , Sophia Elizabeth Auriol ( 1760 - -1850 ) .
Arthur Robert Peter Baden - Powell , 2nd Baron Baden - Powell , FRSA ( 30 October 1913 -- 9 December 1962 ) was the son of Lieutenant - General Robert Baden - Powell , 1st Baron Baden - Powell , the founder of Scouting , and Olave St. Clair Soames .
Prince Ferdinand of Hohenzollern - Sigmaringen ( German : Ferdinand Maria Fidelis Leopold Meinrad Valentin ) ( born 14 February 1960 ; Sigmaringen , Baden - Württemberg , Germany ) is the third and youngest son of Friedrich Wilhelm , Prince of Hohenzollern and Princess Margarita of Leiningen .
Elisa von der Recke was born in Schönberg , Skaistkalne parish , Courland , the daughter of Graf ( later Reichsgraf ) Johann Friedrich von Medem and his wife , Louise Dorothea von Korff .
Ferdinand of Portugal , Duke of Guarda , ( 1507 - -1534 ; Portuguese pronunciation : ( fɨɾˈnɐ̃du ) ; Portuguese : Fernando ) was a Portuguese infante ( prince ) , the son of King Manuel I of Portugal and his second wife , Maria of Aragon .
Theodosia Burr Alston ( June 21 , 1783 -- probably January 2 or 3 , 1813 ) was the daughter of U.S. Vice President Aaron Burr and Theodosia Bartow Prevost .
Matt Taibbi was born in 1970 to Mike Taibbi , an NBC television reporter , and his wife .
Sophie Ward ( born 30 December 1964 ) , is an English actress and the daughter of late actor Simon Ward .
Dil Na'od was the younger son of Ged'a Jan ( or Degna Djan ) , and succeeded his older brother ' Anbasa Wedem as negus .
Native Dancer was a big , solid grey horse by the 1945 Preakness Stakes winner , Polynesian , out of Geisha by Discovery .
Gabriel de Rochechouart de Mortemart , was the son of Gaspard de Rochechouart de Mortemart , Marquis of Mortemart , and of Louise de Maure , suo jure Countess of Maure .
Pat Moss was born in Thames Ditton , Surrey , England , to British race car driver Alfred Moss and Aileen ( née Craufurd ) .
Fujiwara no Otomuro was a daughter of a noble called Fujiwara no Yoshitsugu ; her mother was the granddaughter of general Fujiwara no Umakai , who died in 737 .
Chiang Hsiao - wen ( Chinese : 蔣孝文 ; also known as Alan Chiang ; December 1935 -- April 14 , 1989 ) was the eldest son of Chiang Ching - kuo , the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988 .
Pye Min was a son of King Thalun .
Sir Visto 's sire was the undefeated Irish champion Barcaldine , a representative of the Godolphin Arabian sire line , who also sired the double Classic winner Mimi .
Iophon ( fl . 428 BC -- 405 BC ) was a Greek tragic poet and son of Sophocles .
In Greek mythology , Eurotas ( /jʊˈroʊtəs/ ; Greek : Εὐρώτας ) was a king of Laconia , the son of King Myles and grandson of Lelex , eponymous ancestor of the Leleges .
Hucbert ( 820 - 864 ) was a Frank and son of Boso the Elder .
Aishwarya Arjun was born in Chennai , Tamil Nadu and is the daughter of Arjun Sarja .
Mary Ball was born in 1812 , the second daughter of Bob Stawell Ball and his wife Mary née Green .
William fitz Ralph , son of Ralph de Warenne and Grandson of William de Warenne , 2nd Earl of Surrey is illuminated by Rev. R. W. Eyton , Rector of Eyton , famous historian and Authority of the County of Shropshire , England .
Hippocrates of Athens ( Greek : Ἱπποκράτης , Hippokrátēs ; c. 459 -- 424 BC ) , the son of Ariphron , was a strategos of the Athenians in 424 BC , serving alongside Demosthenes .
Jacques Février was born in Saint - Germain - en - Laye , the son of the composer Henry Février .
Indian Blessing was sired by Indian Charlie , the 1998 Santa Anita Derby winner and a son of the multiple Grade I winner In Excess .
The son of former MLB catcher and longtime Boston scout Joe Stephenson , Jerry Stephenson spent 36 years as a Major League scout with the Dodgers ( 1974 - -94 ) and Red Sox ( 1995 - -2009 ) before his retirement to part - time status after the 2009 season .
Philippine Leroy - Beaulieu ( born 25 April 1963 , Boulogne - Billancourt , Hauts - de - Seine , France , but reared in Rome , Italy ) is a French actress and the daughter of French actor Philippe Leroy - Beaulieu .
Butautas ( baptized Henryk ; died on May 7 , 1380 in Prague ) was a son of Kęstutis , Grand Duke of Lithuania .
The daughter of the Canadian actor Tom Busby and Wendy Russell , Siân Busby was educated at Creighton School in Muswell Hill , north London and read English at Sussex University .
Darci Brahma ( Danehill - Grand Echezeaux ) is a New Zealand thoroughbred colt foaled in 2002 at Pencarrow Stud near Cambridge in New Zealand .
Teodoro Paleologo di Montferrato was born in Casale Monferrato on August 14 , 1425 , the son of John Jacob , Marquess of Montferrat , and Princess Giovanna of Savoy , the daughter of Amadeus VII , Count of Savoy and sister of Antipope Felix V. His father 's family was originally from Constantinople .
Charles Fleetwood was the third son of Sir Miles Fleetwood of Aldwinkle , Northamptonshire , and of Anne , daughter of Nicholas Luke of Woodend , Bedfordshire .
Cao Fang was a son of Cao Kai ( 曹楷 ) , the Prince of Rencheng , a son of Cao Zhang .
He was sired by Pentire , a British horse who recorded his biggest win in the 1996 King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes and had his biggest success in New Zealand where he sired Mufhasa ( Telegraph Handicap ) , Rangirangdoo ( Doncaster Mile ) and Xcellent as well as Prince of Penzance .
Jesse Boot , 1st Baron Trent ( 2 June 1850 -- 13 June 1931 ) transformed The Boots Company , founded by his father , John Boot , into a national retailer , which branded itself as `` Chemists to the Nation '' , before he sold his controlling interest to American investors in 1920 .
Charles George Bingham , 4th Earl of Lucan KP ( 8 May 1830 -- 5 June 1914 ) , styled Lord Bingham from 1839 to 1888 , was the eldest son of George Bingham , 3rd Earl of Lucan and Lady Anne Brudenell .
Prince Godefroid Kamatari ( 1957 -- 20 August 2005 ) was a grandson of mwami HM Mutaga IV Mbikije of Burundi , and a son of HRH Prince Ignace Kamatari ( d. 1964 in Bujumbura ) and his second wife Princess Agrippine .
Ribero was a son of the undefeated dual Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner , Ribot out of the mare Libra .
Dori J. Maynard ( May 4 , 1958 -- February 24 , 2015 ) was the president of the Robert C. Maynard Institute for Journalism Education in Oakland , California , the oldest organization dedicated to helping the nation 's news media accurately and fairly portray all segments of `` our '' society .
The same sources list Thor as the son of the god Odin and the personified earth , Fjörgyn , and by way of Odin , Thor has numerous brothers .
Ruth Cleveland ( October 3 , 1891 -- January 7 , 1904 ) , popularly known as Baby Ruth , was the eldest of three children born to United States President Grover Cleveland and the First Lady Frances Cleveland .
Margareta Slots was the daughter of the Dutch merchant Abraham Cabiljau .
Christina Stead 's father was the marine biologist and pioneer conservationist David George Stead .
Madhavi Mudgal was born to Professor Vinay Chandra Maudgalya , the founder of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya ; one of the most famous dance schools for Hindustani music and classical dance in New Delhi .
Jama kaNdaba ( ca . 1757 - -1781 ) , the son of Ndaba kaMageba , was a High Chief of the Zulu clan from 1763 to 1781 .
Labotas or Leobotes ( Greek : Λαβώτας or Λεωβώτης ) was the son of Echestratus and was the fourth king of Sparta from the Agiad dynasty .
Emilio Azcárraga Milmo or Emilio Azcárraga Jr. ( September 6 , 1930 in San Antonio , Texas - April 16 , 1997 outside Miami , Florida ) was a Mexican businessman and the son of Emilio Azcárraga Vidaurreta and Laura Milmo Hickman .
Nathan Cutietta is the son of Robert Cutietta an author , researcher , composer , and arts leader .
Vaidotas or Wojdat ( 14th century -- after 1401 ) was a son of Kęstutis , Grand Duke of Lithuania .
Winnaretta Singer was the twentieth of the 24 children of Isaac Singer .
Dancing Rain 's sire , Danehill Dancer , stands at Coolmore Stud and also produced Choisir , a renowned sprinter .
The Finn was sired by the imported British stallion Ogden , who was the 1896 Belmont Futurity Stakes winner , out of the mare Livonia by Star Shoot .
Robert III de Brus ( fl . 12th century , died ca . 1191 ) was the oldest son of Robert de Brus , 2nd Lord of Annandale .
A member of the House of Gonzaga , Giovanni Vincenzo Gonzaga was born in Palermo on December 8 , 1540 , the son of Ferrante Gonzaga and his wife Isabella di Capua .
Gerhard VII , Duke of Jülich - Berg ( c. 1416 -- 19 August 1475 ) was the son of William VIII of Jülich , Count of Ravensberg and Adelheid of Tecklenburg .
Ermengarde of Tours ( German : Irmingard von Tours ) ( d. 20 March 851 ) was the daughter of Hugh of Tours , a member of the Etichonen family , which claimed descent from the Merovingian kings .
Ntombela kaMalandela , the son of Malandela kaLuzumana , was the proto - chieftain of the Zulu nation in the late 17th century .
Agnes Haakonsdatter ( Old Norse : Agnes Hákonardottir ; 1290 - -1319 ) was an illegitimate daughter of King Haakon V of Norway and a woman whose name remains unknown .
Clementia of Zähringen ( unknown--1175 ) , was a daughter of Conrad I , Duke of Zähringen and his wife Clementia of Namur .
Carrozza was a dark - coated bay or brown filly bred by the British national Stud and leased for racing purposes to the British monarch , Elizabeth II . The filly was sired by Dante the winner of the 1945 Epsom Derby out of the mare Calash , a daughter of Hyperion .
Shi Shi ( Chinese : 石世 ; 339 - -349 ) was briefly ( for 33 days ) the emperor of the Jie / Chinese Hun state Later Zhao following his father Shi Hu 's death in 349 .
Amtgard was created by Jim Haren Jr , also known as Peter LaGrue , in El Paso , Texas in 1983 .
The Institut Montaigne is a French think tank founded by Claude Bébéar in 2000 , with the aim to promote both competitiveness and social cohesion and to help shape public policy to improve both economic and social environments in France .
The Academy of Fine Arts Vienna was founded in 1692 as a private academy modelled on the Accademia di San Luca and the Parisien Académie de peinture et de sculpture by the court - painter Peter Strudel , who became the Praefectus Academiae Nostrae .
2.13.61 , Inc. is a publisher and record company founded by musician Henry Rollins and named after his date of birth ( February 13 , 1961 ) .
Founded in 1960 by two Australians , driver Jack Brabham and designer Ron Tauranac , the team won four Drivers ' and two Constructors ' World Championships in its 30-year Formula One history .
Plan B Entertainment Inc. , more commonly known as Plan B , is an American file production company founded in November 2001 by Brad Pitt , Brad Grey , and Jennifer Aniston .
House of Anansi Press is a Canadian publishing company , founded in 1967 by writers Dennis Lee and Dave Godfrey .
The Aerial Experiment Association ( AEA ) was a Canadian - American aeronautical research group formed on 30 September 1907 , under the leadership of Dr. Alexander Graham Bell .
Aller Media was founded in Copenhagen in 1873 by Carl Aller and his wife Laura Aller .
Vitebsk Museum of Modern Art ( Russian : Витебский Музей Современного Искусства ) was an art museum in Vitebsk , Belarus organized in 1918 by Marc Chagall , Kazimir Malevich and Alexander Romm .
Web entrepreneur Peter Acworth launched Fucking Machines on September 25 , 2000 , as his company 's second website after Kink.com .
In 2003 , Mathis Wackernagel , PhD , and Susan Burns founded Global Footprint Network , an international think - tank headquartered in Oakland , California , with offices in Geneva and Brussels .
Polaris Partners was founded in 1995/1996 by Jon Flint , Terry McGuire , Steve Arnold , who were partners of Burr , Egan , Deleage & Co. ( BEDCO ) .
Decca Records began as a British record label established in 1929 by Edward Lewis .
The Bromsgrove Guild of Applied Arts ( 1898 - -1966 ) was a company of modern artists and designers associated with the Arts and Crafts Movement , founded by Walter Gilbert .
Fuzzy Door Productions or The Spotted Door is the production company of television producer Seth MacFarlane .
Huntley & Palmers was founded in 1822 by Joseph Huntley as J. Huntley & Son .
The Stanford Financial Group was a privately held international group of financial services companies controlled by Allen Stanford , until it was seized by United States ( U.S. ) authorities in early 2009 .
The We Are Family Foundation ( WAFF ) is an American 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit organization founded in 2001 by musician Nile Rodgers in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
The successor to the firm of Affleck , Desbarats , Dimakopoulos , Lebensold , Sise formed by partners Ray Affleck , Guy Desbarats , Dimitri Dimakopoulos , Fred Lebensold and Hazen Sise , the company adopted the name Arcop in 1970 .
JXTA ( Juxtapose ) is an open source peer - to - peer protocol specification begun by Sun Microsystems in 2001 .
Filmation 's founders and principal producers were Lou Scheimer , Hal Sutherland and Norm Prescott .
Holiday Magic was a multi - level marketing organization , founded in 1964 , by William Penn Patrick ( 1930 - -1973 ) in the United States .
Front Sight Firearms Training Institute , also known as Front Sight and as Front Sight Resorts was founded in 1996 by Ignatius Piazza .
Huawei was founded in 1987 by Ren Zhengfei , a former engineer in the People 's Liberation Army .
Berlingske was founded by Denmark 's Royal Book Printer Ernst Henrich Berling and originally titled Kjøbenhavnske Danske Post - Tidender , then the Berlingskes Politiske og Avertissements Tidende .
Ocean Healing Group ( OHG ) was founded in 2007 by Frank Bauer and paralyzed professional surfer Christiaan Bailey .
The Berrics is a privately owned , indoor skatepark owned by professional skateboarders Steve Berra and Eric Koston .
Established in 1957 by editor - director Gerry Anderson and cinematographer Arthur Provis , following the liquidation of their employer Polytechnic Films , AP Films ( `` Anderson Provis '' ) was set up .
The Yes Men are a culture jamming activist duo and network of supporters created by Jacques Servin and Igor Vamos .
The Standard Steel Casting Company , commonly referred to as Thurlow Works , was a steel production and steel casting facility founded in Chester , Pennsylvania in 1883 by shipbuilder John Roach .
Founded in 2007 , Josh Levy and Ross Cohen launched BeenVerified in 2009 and began advertising on national television .
Ice Age Entertainment is a record label created and owned by southern rapper Mike Jones and business partner Ray `` Mello '' Moore .
Mandalay Entertainment Group is an American entertainment company founded in 1995 by Peter Guber , with interests in motion pictures , television , sports entertainment and new media .
Experimenter Publishing was an American media company founded by Hugo Gernsback in 1915 .
KenFM is an independent German internet journalism portal , established in 2011 by television and radio presenter Ken Jebsen .
Foundation of Villa Group can be traced back to 1986 when Qasim Ibrahim registered a Shipping and Trading company named ' Villa ' , the common trade name .
The Monmouth Alms Houses of Monmouth , Wales are funded by the charity established by the haberdasher William Jones before his death in 1615 .
On March 11 , 2010 , OnLive CEO Steve Perlman announced the OnLive Game Portal , a free way to access OnLive games for rental and demos , but without the social features of the Game Service .
Alberto - Culver was purchased and reorganized in 1955 by Leonard H. Lavin who was an entrepreneur and manufacturer 's representative for various other companies .
The Barakzai dynasty was established by Dost Mohammad Khan after the Durrani dynasty of Ahmad Shah Durrani was removed from power .
Les XX was a group of twenty Belgian painters , designers and sculptors , formed in 1883 by the Brussels lawyer , publisher , and entrepreneur Octave Maus .
In 1964 , Kaiser - Jeep purchased the Studebaker facilities in South Bend , Indiana , and formed the Defense and Government Products Division in 1967 , which after American Motors purchased Kaiser - Jeep became what is now AM General .
Rootstrikers is a self - described nonpartisan grassroots activist organization run by Demand Progress and created by Harvard Law School professor Lawrence Lessig and political activist Joe Trippi ( a Democratic campaign worker and consultant ) for the purpose of fighting political corruption in the United States and reducing the role of special interest money in elections .
The Southern Historical Society was a public organization founded by Confederate Major General Dabney H. Maury in 1868 - 1869 .
Filmways , Inc. ( also known as Filmways Pictures and Filmways Television ) was a television and film production company founded by both American film executive Martin Ransohoff and Edwin Kasper in 1952 .
The Company was officially founded in 1967 when three filmmakers , Graeme Ferguson , Roman Kroitor and Robert Kerr incorporated IMAX Corporation .
The Hughes Aircraft Company was a major American aerospace and defense contractor founded in 1932 by Howard Hughes in Glendale , California as a division of Hughes Tool Company .
The leading designers of Studio Job are Job Smeets and Nynke Tynagel , who met while attending the Design Academy Eindhoven .
Based in Santa Clara , California , PureWave Networks is a privately held company that was founded in 2003 .
Results for Development Institute ( R4D ) is a nonprofit organization based in Washington , D.C ..
CALA Homes is a large British upmarket housebuilding company headquartered in Edinburgh in Scotland .
Simmortel Voice Technologies is a computer software technology startup , started from IIT Kanpur , India , that provides hosted telephony , voice and automatic speech recognition solutions .
AOC International ( trading as AOC , formerly Admiral Overseas Corporation ) is a multinational electronics company headquartered in Taipei , Taiwan and a subsidiary of TPV Technology .
The National Society for Human Rights ( NSHR ) implements the international human rights charters signed by Saudi Arabia , and it also includes a special panel to monitor violations of women 's rights .
A few lines that carry passenger traffic are not part of the National Rail network ( for example High Speed 1 , Heathrow Express , Tyne and Wear Metro ( The Tyne and Wear Metro uses Network Rail track between Pelaw and Sunderland and is responsible for that ) and the London Underground ) .
WinWinD was a wind turbine manufacturer headquartered in Espoo , Finland .
Bluebeam Software , Inc. is a software company founded in 2002 and headquartered in Pasadena , California , U.S. with additional offices in Chicago , Illinois , San Diego , California and Manchester , New Hampshire .
As of 2007 , Agava was amongst the top 5 largest hosting companies of Russia .
Neptun Werft is a German shipbuilding company , headquartered in Rostock .
In March 1910 , William E. Boeing bought Heath 's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River , which later became his first airplane factory .
Established a year later , his first Dee 's Drive - In was a $ 125,000 building at 753 E. 2100 South Street in Salt Lake City .
Enli Health Intelligence is a privately held software company based in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon .
UDG Healthcare plc , formerly United Drug , is a Dublin - based provider of sales and marketing services , drug wholesaling , medical equipment , packaging and specialist healthcare delivery services .
Bhaktivedanta College , located in Durbuy in the rural Ardennes region of Belgium , is a Vaishnava college administered by ISKCON .
The Center for Law and Social Policy ( CLASP ) is an American organization , based Washington , D.C. , that advocates for policies aimed at improving the lives of low - income people .
Southern Bancorp ( founded as Southern Development Bancorporation , often referred to simply as `` Southern '' ) is a Community Development Financial Institution headquartered in Arkadelphia , Arkansas that was founded in 1986 .
Hay Automobiltechnik based in Bockenau , Germany , is an automotive corporation from Germany which is the largest European producer of flywheels , hot rolled seamless rings and final drive gears and crown wheels for differential gears .
The Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) was a neoconservative think tank based in Washington , D.C. that focused on United States foreign policy .
Transmanche Ferries was a ferry company that operated the Newhaven - Dieppe route across the English Channel .
Taishin Futures Co. , Ltd. is a Taiwanese brokerage with headquarters in Taipei .
Squadron Capital was an investment advisory firm headquartered in Hong Kong , focused on private equity investment within the Asia Pacific region .
The Palmer - Moore Company ( 1906 - -1918 ) was a manufacturer of gasoline and air - cooled motor engines and marine engines in Syracuse , New York .
Belite Aircraft is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Wichita , Kansas and founded by James and Kathy Wiebe in 2009 .
CREDO Mobile ( formerly Working Assets Wireless ) is an American mobile virtual network operator headquartered in San Francisco , California .
Soilmec S.p . A. is an Italian manufacturer of construction equipment belonging to the Trevi Group established in 1969 in Cesena .
Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard is a Golden , Colorado - based fast - food restaurant specializing in premium burgers and frozen custard .
ShoreBank was a community development bank founded and headquartered in Chicago .
HostGator is a Houston - based provider of shared , reseller , virtual private server , and dedicated web hosting with an additional presence in Austin , Texas .
The Viscom AG is a German company domiciled in Hanover , supplying inspection systems for automated optical inspection ( AOI ) and automated x - ray inspection ( AXI ) .
Quad / Graphics is an American printing company , based in Sussex , Wisconsin .
South Florida Educational Federal Credit Union is a Florida intrastate credit union headquartered in and serving the Miami area .
K - RITH ( Kwazulu - Natal Research Institute for Tuberculosis and HIV ) is a tuberculosis and HIV research institute in Durban , South Africa .
The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc ( also known as RBS Group ) is a British banking and insurance holding company , based in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Amritt Ventures is a global management consulting firm based in the Los Angeles area .
Perazzi is a manufacturer of precision shotguns from Brescia , Italy .
DeepOcean is a Amsterdam , Netherlands - based company which provides subsea services related to offshore construction such as trenching and laying of flexible products ( Umbilicals , Risers , Cables ) , inspection , maintenance & repair and decommissioning .
The Halifax International Airport Authority ( HIAA ) is a Canadian airport authority charged with operating Halifax Stanfield International Airport on behalf of Transport Canada .
CoroWare is a robotics company based out of Kirkland , WA .
Al Humaid City is a residential and commercial development being created in Ajman Emirate in the United Arab Emirates .
The Dixon Ticonderoga Company is an office and art supplies maker from the USA , with headquarters in Heathrow , Florida .
Mazor Robotics US headquarters are located in Orlando , Florida with international offices in Caesarea , Israel and Münster , Germany .
The Sogeti Group is an information technology consulting company specializing in local professional services , with headquarters in Paris .
The Aditya Birla Group is an Indian multinational conglomerate named after Aditya Vikram Birla , headquartered in the Aditya Birla Centre in Worli , Mumbai , India .
Horizon Services , Inc. ( HSI ) is a nonprofit social service organization providing alcohol and drug treatment and recovery , mental health recovery , and substance abuse prevention services in Alameda , San Mateo and Santa Clara counties in the San Francisco Bay Area of California .
Boddingtons Brewery was a regional brewery in Manchester , England , which owned pubs throughout the North West .
Chantiers Aéro - Maritimes de la Seine , mostly known as CAMS , was a French manufacturer of flying boats , founded in Saint - Ouen in November 1920 by Lawrence Santoni .
The Wakefern Food Corporation , founded in 1946 and based in Keasbey , New Jersey , U.S. , is the largest Retailers ' co - operative group of supermarkets in the United States , and the largest employer in New Jersey ( 36,000 workers ) .
The ERC is governed by the Scientific Council ( ScC ) , consisting of 22 eminent European scientists and scholars ( including Nobel prize laureates ) , and supported operationally by the European Research Council Executive Agency ( ERCEA ) , based in Brussels .
LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. is an information technology company based in New Jersey , USA that produces web server software designed specifically for high - traffic servers , such as those of Internet service providers and corporate data centers .
Oregon Steel Mills , Inc. ( OSM ) is a Portland , Oregon , United States , based steel producer with facilities in Colorado and Alberta .
The Share Centre is an independent UK retail stockbroker based in Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire , England .
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited ( MTNL ) is a state - owned telecommunications service provider in the metro cities of Mumbai and New Delhi in India and in the island nation of Mauritius in Africa .
Elma Electronic is a publicly traded Swiss electronics company founded in 1960 and based in Wetzikon , Switzerland .
Fellesbanken was a Norwegian bank that existed between 1920 and 1985 with offices in Oslo , Norway .
Coalició Compromís ( Valencian pronunciation : ( koalisiˈo kompɾoˈmis ) ; English : Commitment Coalition ) is a Valencianist political party , originally an electoral coalition , in Valencia , Spain .
Loews Corporation is an American conglomerate headquartered in New York City .
Maingear , Inc. is an American privately held boutique computer manufacturer headquartered in Kenilworth , New Jersey .
Robi has 32 Walk in Centers ( WIC ) and 1 SSD ( Sales and Support Desk ) at Dhaka International Airport .
Ignite Media Group is a media company of online , out - of - home , and print enterprises , dedicated to promoting Macau as an entertainment destination .
Wing Zone is an Atlanta - based American restaurant chain that specializes in deep - fried food products ; especially buffalo wings .
Youngor Group Company Limited ( SSE : 600177 ) is a public textiles and clothing enterprise in Ningbo , Zhejiang , China .
Ritter Sport is a brand of chocolate from the Alfred Ritter GmbH & Co. KG . Company which is headquartered in Waldenbuch , Germany .
Carrozzeria Castagna is an Italian coachbuilding company from Milan .
Zayo Group is a publicly traded company headquartered in Boulder , Colorado , with European headquarters in London .
E. J. Korvette , also known as Korvettes , was an American chain of discount department stores , founded in 1948 in New York City .
Social Point is a social network game developer for web and mobile with headquarters in Barcelona , Spain .
MuchDifferent is a Swedish software development company founded in 2008 in Uppsala , Sweden .
Sentek Global was founded in 2001 and currently has three offices ; two in San Diego , California and one in Charleston , South Carolina .
The Earl of Argyll 's Regiment of Foot was a 17th - century Scottish infantry regiment , raised from the men of Argyll , and based at Fort William .
Paradise Comics is a comic book store located in Toronto , Canada .
Luxtera Inc. , founded in 2001 , is based in Carlsbad , California .
Notenstein La Roche Private Bank is a Swiss private bank headquartered in St. Gallen that manages around 21 billion in client assets .
Headquartered in Fountain Valley , California , United States , Kingston Technology employs more than 4,000 computer software engineers worldwide as of Q1 2015 .
Young Investment Group ( YIG ) is a private company in Burma employing more than 6000 local workers and operating 16 subsidiaries in Myanmar , China and Singapore .
Capella Cracoviensis is a professional music ensemble and mixed symphonic choir based in Kraków , Poland .
Arecont Vision is a Glendale , California - based company with video surveillance products .
Majestic Realty Co. is a commercial property company based in Los Angeles , California which operates throughout the United States .
RPS Group plc ( LSE : RPS ) is a multinational energy resources and environmental consultancy company headquartered in Abingdon , Oxfordshire .
Daydream Software was founded in 1994 in Umeå , Sweden by a team of five and headed by lead designer Nigel Papworth on the principle that they would develop their own games without working with other major publishers to develop commissioned games .
Emerald Energy plc is a British energy company with headquarters in London but is registered offshore in the Isle of Man .
OANDA was co - founded by Michael Stumm , a professor of Computer Engineering at the University of Toronto , and Richard Olsen of The Olsen Ltd. , a leading econometric research and development firm .
Perspecsys has offices in the Toronto area , Tysons Corner , Virginia , San Francisco , California , London , United Kingdom , Paris , France and Berlin , Germany .
Hemdale Film Corporation , known as Hemdale Communications after 1993 , was an independent film production company and distributor founded in London in 1967 as the Hemdale Company by actor David Hemmings and his manager , John Daly .
Telesom is a privately held telecommunications company headquartered in Hargeisa , the capital of the northwestern Somaliland autonomous region of Somalia .
Bank of New Zealand ( BNZ ) is one of New Zealand 's largest banks and has been operating continuously in the country since the first office was opened in Auckland in October 1861 followed shortly after by the first branch in Dunedin in December 1861 .
QSound Labs is an audio technology company based in Calgary , Canada .
Addison Whitney is a global branding firm headquartered in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Auto Union AG , Chemnitz , was an amalgamation of four German automobile manufacturers , founded in 1932 and established in 1936 in Chemnitz , Saxony , during the Great Depression .
Fat Possum Records is an American independent record label based in Water Valley and Oxford , Mississippi .
Kaplan Law School is a for - profit educational institution offering post - graduate legal training in London for those wishing to become a solicitor in England and Wales .
EOS CCA , headquartered in Norwell , Massachusetts ( just outside Boston ) , is a provider of customer care and receivables management services and one of the largest debt collection agencies in the United States .
The Alaska Railroad ( reporting mark ARR ) is a Class II railroad which extends from Seward and Whittier , in the south of the state of Alaska , in the United States , to Fairbanks ( passing through Anchorage ) , and beyond to Eielson Air Force Base and Fort Wainwright in the interior of that state .
Teeple Architects is an architecture firm based in Toronto , Canada , founded by Stephen Teeple .
Doosan Corporation is a corporate holding company headquartered in Euljiro 6-ga , Jung - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
Royal Unibrew is a brewing and beverage company headquartered in Faxe , Denmark .
Rusty Bucket Restaurant & Tavern is an upscale casual tavern restaurant company headquartered in Columbus , Ohio .
Dieselpoint , Inc. is a privately held enterprise search company headquartered in Chicago , IL .
Pop 's Props was an American aircraft manufacturer , founded by Scott Land in about 1994 and based in Cooksville , Illinois .
Haiku Studios was a video game developer based in France , founded by Olivier Cordoleani and Hervé Lange in 1993 .
Calamos employs more than 300 individuals in Naperville , Illinois , as well as sales and client service professionals located throughout the United States and in England .
Hangover Heaven is a mobile veisalgia treatment clinic based in Paradise , Nevada , that administers treatment for hangovers through an IV . It is the first clinic that studied the treatment of hangovers , with its own Hangover Research Institute .
Operating since 1994 and with over 2,000 customers worldwide , Axceler was headquartered in Woburn , Massachusetts .
PureWow publishes national content as well as local city content in New York City , Los Angeles , Chicago , San Francisco , Dallas , and the Hamptons .
Headquartered and with its main R&D and network operation center in Gurgaon , Haryana , Mahindra Comviva also has offices in Bangalore and Mumbai .
Chuck E. Cheese 's Pizza Time Theatre in San Jose , California , was the first location to open in 1977 .
Sector 9 is currently headquartered in San Diego , California .
The Vinyl Factory galleries include two spaces in London , The Vinyl Factory Soho and The Vinyl Factory at 180 The Strand .
South Central Bell Telephone Company , headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama , was the name of the Bell System 's operations in Alabama , Kentucky , Louisiana , Mississippi , and Tennessee .
Dofasco is a steel company based in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
LuAZ ( Ukrainian : ЛуАЗ , short for `` Луцький автомобільний завод '' , Lutskyi avtomobilnyi zavod ; Lutsk automobile factory ) is an Ukrainian automobile manufacturer in the city Lutsk .
Karsan ( Turkish : Karsan Otomotiv Sanayii ve Ticaret A.Ş. ) is a Turkish commercial vehicles manufacturer , based in Akçalar , Nilüfer , Bursa Province .
Salaam Baalak Trust ( SBT ) is an Indian non - profit and non - governmental organization which provides support for street and working children in the inner cities of New Delhi , and Mumbai .
ICM Partners is a talent and literary agency with offices in Los Angeles , New York , Washington D.C. and London .
SignalDemand , an on - demand provider of price and margin optimization software for large manufacturers , was founded in 2004 by Mike Neal and is based in San Francisco with its European headquarters in London .
JSC RMG Copper ( JSCM ) ( Georgian : სააქციო საზოგადოება არ ემ ჯი კოპერი , saak'ts'io sazogadoeba `` RMG Copper '' , formerly JSC Madneuli ) is a mining company based in Tbilisi , Georgia .
Caresto is registered in Ängelholm in southern Sweden ( Vegeå Tegelbruk , Rodervägen , SE 262 94 , Ängelholm ) .
Stonyfield Farm , also simply called Stonyfield , is an organic yogurt maker located in Londonderry , New Hampshire , USA .
Revolution Software Ltd is a British video game developer , based in York , United Kingdom .
Several of Agrokor 's Croatian subsidiaries are listed on the Zagreb Stock Exchange ( ZSE ) and Ledo is included in its official share index CROBEX as of September 2010 .
Stoewer was a German automobile manufacturer before World War II whose headquarters were in Stettin ( Now Szczecin , Poland ) .
DMZGlobal Ltd was founded in Wellington on the 30th of August 2000 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Sytec Resources Ltd. DMZGlobal was acquired by TelstraClear when it purchased Sytec Resources Ltd late 2004 .
The International Centre of Insect Physiology and Ecology ( ICIPE , branded as icipe ) is an international scientific research institute , headquartered in Nairobi , Kenya that works towards improving lives and livelihoods of people in Africa .
Tenneco , with headquarters in Lake Forest , Illinois , United States is an automotive components original equipment manufacturer and an after - market ride - control and emissions products .
Sanmina Corporation is a global electronics manufacturing services ( EMS ) provider headquartered in San Jose , California that serves original equipment manufacturers in technology - related industries such as communications and computer hardware .
Mission Motors was an American company founded in 2007 in San Francisco , California .
Unison Healthcare Group ( 友信醫療集團 ) , also known as UHG , started out as `` Unison '' ( 友信行 ) , is a Taiwanese medical device distributor founded in 1955 , headquartered in Taipei .
Mander Brothers was a major employer in the city of Wolverhampton , in the English Midlands , a progressive company founded in 1773 .
Playlogic International N.V. was a full subsidiary of Playlogic Entertainment , Inc. and was based in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Codexis '' corporate headquarters is located in Redwood City , California and provides general administrative support to its business and is the center of Codexis '' manufacturing and research and development operations .
Oasis500 is an ICT , digital media and mobile sector business accelerator and investment company based in Amman , Jordan .
Double O Radio was a privately held media corporation with corporate headquarters in Charleston , South Carolina .
Ernest Borel SA is headquartered at their new factory premises at Le Noirmont , Switzerland .
TPV Technology Limited ( informally TPV ) ( Chinese : 冠捷科技 ; pinyin : Guànjié Kējí ) is a Fortune China 500 multinational electronics manufacturing company headquartered in Hong Kong , China .
Team and Concepts ( TnC ) is a Hong Kong - based company founded by David K. F. Lee and others in 2003 .
The Escola de la Llotja ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əsˈkɔɫə ðə ɫə ˈʎɔdʒə ) , `` Llotja School '' ) , officially the Escola d'Arts i Oficis de Barcelona ( Barcelona Arts and Crafts School ) , is an art and design school located in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. , Ltd. ( HHI ) is the world 's largest shipbuilding company , headquartered in Ulsan , South Korea .
Let 's Dish ! is a Minneapolis - based meal - preparation company founded in 2003 .
So Television and So Radio are based in London , England .
Cabela 's Inc. is a direct marketer and specialty retailer of hunting , fishing , camping , shooting , and related outdoor recreation merchandise , based in Sidney , Nebraska .
Regal Petroleum plc is a petroleum company based in London with assets in Romania , Ukraine , Greece , and Egypt .
Segment 3 is an experimental theatre and film production company based in Montreal , Canada , which has been active since early 2013 .
Option N.V. is a publicly quoted technology company , headquartered in Leuven , Belgium .
Coronation Fund Managers is a South - African third - party fund management company , headquartered in Cape Town .
OSL Consulting is an independent Gas and Oil design consultancy and engineering and project management company headquartered in Kingston upon Hull , United Kingdom .
Transgender Foundation of America ( TFA ) is a Houston , Texas - based non - profit organization whose mission is to advance the quality of life for transgender people .
The Blue Mountain Brewery in Afton , Virginia is a brewery which forms , along with Starr Hill Brewery , South Street Brewery and Devils Backbone Brewing Company , an integral part of the Brew Ridge Trail .
CupruMin is a company based in Abrud , Alba County , Romania specialised in the production of copper and copper ore .
Emlin Cosmetics is a privately held company based in Bensenville , Illinois and has been in business for over fifty years manufacturing customized soap and bath amenity products for the most exclusive hotel chains .
Sun Hung Kai Properties Ltd. ( SHKP ; Chinese : 新鴻基地產發展有限公司 ) ( SEHK : 0016 ) is a listed corporation based in Hong Kong .
The Blackstone Group L.P. is an American multinational private equity , investment banking , alternative asset management and financial services corporation based in New York City .
Leidos , a joint spin - off of Science Applications International Corporation ( SAIC ) , is an American defense company headquartered in Reston , Virginia , that provides scientific , engineering , systems integration , and technical services .
Mahadeva Achchirama Children Home ( also known as Mahadeva Ashtrama Saivach Chiruvar Illam , Kurukulam and Gurukulam ) is situated in Jeyanthy Nagar , Puthumurippu , Kilinochchi , Sri Lanka .
Slant Six Games ' studio was based in Vancouver BC , Canada .
Hsin Tung Yang ( Chinese : 新東陽 ; pinyin : Xīn Dōng Yáng ; literally : `` new horizon '' ) is a food service company and retailer based in Taipei , Taiwan .
Martin 's Famous Pastry Shoppe , Inc. is a family owned and operated consumer goods company headquartered in Chambersburg , Pennsylvania , United States .
Africa Israel Investments Ltd. ( AFI Group ) is an international holding and investment company based in Yehud , Israel .
In addition to its headquarters in Santa Monica , California , SolarReserve has offices in Spain , Chile , South Africa , Turkey , Australia , and the United Arab Emirates .
Zip.ca was a member of the privately held Momentous Group of companies , and was owner of the Ottawa Rapidz baseball team until its first - season bankruptcy .
The Edmund Burke Foundation ( Edmund Burke Stichting ) is a conservative group based in The Hague , the Netherlands .
Tomorrow Focus AG , which has its registered office in Munich , Germany , is an exchange - listed internet group and one of the leading providers of digital media content in Germany .
Bushy 's Brewery is a local brewery in Douglas in the Isle of Man , which was founded by brother and sister Martin and Nicky Brunnschwieler in 1986 .
Capybara Games is an independent game studio based out of Toronto , Canada .
Parallax Studio is an American animation studio based in Nixa , Missouri , created by J. Allen Williams .
Tiedtke 's is a former grocery and department store chain based in Toledo , Ohio .
The CIT du Sud - Ouest ( CITSO ) , officially the Conseil Intermunicipal de Transport du Sud - Ouest , is the bus service that operates bus routes from Montreal to Kahnawake , Châteauguay , and Salaberry - de - Valleyfield , on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River in Quebec , Canada .
Pedigree Petfoods is a subsidiary of the American group Mars , Incorporated specializing in pet food , with factories in England at Melton Mowbray and Birstall , Leeds ; and offices at McLean , Virginia .
Cenovus Energy Inc. ( pronounced se - nō - vus ) is an integrated oil company headquartered in Calgary , Alberta .
Vince & Son flourished for 120 years in their established profession as wheeled - transport specialists in Ely , Cambridgeshire .
Miller Electric is an arc welding and cutting equipment manufacturing company based in Appleton , WI .
Vigil Games was an Austin , Texas based game development company owned by THQ .
ZIOPHARM Oncology is a publicly held , clinical - stage biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts , that develops novel immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer .
Big Huge Games is a video game developer located in Timonium , Maryland .
The company was formed in 1930 by Evangelos Papastratos with its first factory located in Piraeus .
OLogic was founded in Sunnyvale , California by CEO Ted Larson and then - COO Bob Allen , in 2005 .
The Fraunhofer Society was founded in Munich on March 26 , 1949 , by representatives of industry and academia , the government of Bavaria , and the nascent Federal Republic .
Murfin Music International and Murfin Media are companies run by Muff Murfin , and are based at The Old Smithy Studios in Kempsey , Worcestershire , England .
Progeny Linux Systems was based in Indianapolis .
Vanderlande is a material handling and logistics automation company based in Veghel , Netherlands .
The Radio Lingua Network is a Scottish company headquartered in South Ayrshire , Scotland that provides language - learning materials through podcasts , YouTube videos , the iBookstore and other Internet - based media .
Dijkse Boys is a Dutch amateur association football club from Helmond , North Brabant .
NextGenTel is a Norwegian telecommunications company located in Bergen ( HQ ) , Trondheim , Oslo , Stavanger , and Kristiansand .
Züst experimented with prototypes of cars from around 1900 on and in Milan in 1905 , he founded the Zust company for manufacturing cars and commercial vehicles .
Gruenrekorder is a German record label for field recording , soundscapes and sound art . It was founded in 2003 by the sound artists Lasse - Marc Riek and Roland Etzin in Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
Financial Street Holding Company Limited ( SZSE : 000402 ) is a listed company of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange , which mainly involves in selling and leasing high - end business real estate in Beijing Financial Street area of Beijing , China .
Costco 's worldwide headquarters are in Issaquah , Washington , USA , and the company opened its first warehouse in 1983 in Seattle .
Chemische Werke Kluthe GmbH is a German - based chemical company headquartered in Heidelberg .
Mammoth Resource Partners is headquartered in Cave City , Kentucky , which provides relatively close proximity to its 15,000 acres ( 61 km2 ) of lease and land holdings in the Appalachian Basin .
Huy Fong Foods is a hot sauce company based in Irwindale , California .
The Communist Party USA is based in New York City .
It has its headquarters , the James Coney Island Support Center , located in Suite 700 in the 11111 Katy Freeway building in Houston .
Aston Manor Brewery is a former brewery and current bottling company in Aston , Birmingham , England .
Republic Windows and Doors was a Chicago , Illinois , USA - based producer of vinyl replacement windows .
Animal Equality is active in the United Kingdom , India , Spain , Italy , Germany and Venezuela .
In the late 1990s , Vicarious Visions appointed Michael Marvin , an Albany based investor and entrepreneur and founder and former CEO of MapInfo Corporation ; and Charles S. Jones , investor , who sat on the boards of various software and industrial companies including Geac and PSDI , to its board of directors .
SuperPlus Food Stores was an American discount supermarket chain that operated in the Chicago area during the 1980s until it was sold , piecemeal , by its parent company , The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company ( A&P ) .
Heathrow Hub is an independent proposal to expand capacity at London Heathrow Airport , put forward by Jock Lowe , a former Concorde pilot , and Mark Bostock , an ex - director at Ove Arup .
SoundCloud is a global online audio distribution platform based in Berlin , Germany , that enables its users to upload , record , promote , and share their originally - created sounds .
The World Muaythai Council ( WMC ) is the sole recognized professional sport governing body for the art and spirit of Muaythai , both in Thailand and around the world and is one of the oldest and the largest professional sanctioning organizations of Muaythai in the world for the sport .
Bi - Rite Market is a grocery store in San Francisco , California , owned and operated by chef Sam Mogannam , who had previously worked at Jardinière in the city .
In both 1958 and 1959 Chrysler Australia released Plymouth Belvedere , Dodge Custom Royal and DeSoto Firesweep models which were imported from the US in CKD form and assembled at Chrysler 's Adelaide facilities .
Dillanos Coffee Roasters is a family owned specialty coffee roaster located in Sumner , Washington .
Kantox has its headquarters in the City of London and offices in Barcelona , Spain , and currently works with more than 35 currencies and operates in more than 50 countries worldwide .
TransCanada Corporation is a major North American energy company based in Calgary , Alberta , developing and operating energy infrastructure in North America .
Everfest is an Austin - based company that connects the festival community online .
Operation Kindness is a no kill animal shelter for domestic cats and dogs located in Carrollton , Texas .
Osage Venture Partners ( OVP ) is a venture capital fund located just outside Philadelphia , Pa.
Books4cars is a web - based company in Seattle , Washington , that carries used and rare books related to cars , trucks and motorcycles , such as service manuals , owners manuals and historical books .
Serbu Firearms is an American manufacturer of firearms based in Tampa , Florida .
Simon Abendanon founded De Surinaamsche Bank ( DSB ) on 19 January 1865 in Paramaribo , and it opened for business on 18 July 1865 in the home of one of the founders , pending construction of its own building .
ClearCube is a computer systems manufacturer based in Austin , Texas , owned by parent company ClearCube Holdings .
GM Powertrain Torino is a powertrain engineering center headquartered in Turin , Italy and was founded in 2005 .
Transportistas Unidos Mexicanos otherwise known as TUM or TUM Transportistas , is a Mexican Trucking Company based out of Mexico City founded in 1938 .
Matheson & Company was a London - based trading house closely associated with Jardine Matheson of Hong Kong and Jardine Skinner of Calcutta .
Chance Brothers and Company was a glassworks originally based in Spon Lane , Smethwick , West Midlands ( formerly in Staffordshire ) , in England .
XHAW - TDT , virtual channel 12 ( UHF digital channel 25 ) , is a television station in Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico .
Rocketdyne was an American rocket engine design and production company headquartered in Canoga Park , located in the western San Fernando Valley of suburban Los Angeles , in southern California .
The Alton Railroad ( reporting mark A ) was the final name of a railroad linking Chicago to Alton , Illinois , St. Louis , Missouri , and Kansas City , Missouri .
Cambodia Angkor Air ( Khmer : កម្ពុជា អង្គរ អ៊ែរ ) is the national flag carrier airline of Cambodia , headquartered in Phnom Penh .
Dana Petroleum plc is an oil and gas exploration and production company based in Aberdeen , United Kingdom .
In February 2008 Spreadex moved to offices in St Albans , Hertfordshire and followed this by opening an office in Liverpool in 2010 .
Shilpa Architects is an international architecture , design and planning firm that was founded in 1979 in Chennai , India .
With War in Europe looming , English Electric was instructed by the Air Ministry to construct a `` shadow factory '' at Samlesbury Aerodrome in Lancashire to build Handley Page Hampden bombers .
Iamgold Corporation is a Toronto based international gold producer .
Advanced Aircraft Corporation is an aircraft manufacturer based in Carlsbad , California .
Teremok restaurants are operating in Moscow and Saint Petersburg .
Skagen Funds is a Scandinavian mutual fund company founded in 1993 and headquartered in Stavanger , Norway .
Hardee 's moved its headquarters from Rocky Mount , North Carolina , to downtown St. Louis , Missouri , in 2001 .
Istithmar World ( `` istithmar '' is Arabic for `` investment '' ) is an investment firm based in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Glorious Property Holdings Limited ( Chinese : 恒盛地产 ) ( SEHK : 0845 ) is a Shanghai - based property developer , established in 1996 .
Bellwether Pictures is an American film production studio based in Los Angeles , United States .
Founded in 1922 in New York City , Gibbs & Cox is now headquartered in Arlington , Virginia .
Canada Remote Systems , or simply CRS , was a major commercial bulletin board system located in the Toronto area .
Sinitus '' business operations are based in Küsnacht on the shores of the Lake Zurich .
Siberian Business Union ( SBU ) ( Russian : Сибирский деловой союз , or Sibirskiy Delovoy Souz ( SDS ) ) is a Russian holding company based in Kemerovo in Siberia .
Loeb 's NY Deli is a historic kosher - style deli in downtown Washington , D.C. , USA .
Schott NYC ( Schott Bros ) is an American clothing manufacturing company located in New York City .
Clì Gàidhlig ( ( ˈkʰliː ˈkaːlɪkʲ ) ) , founded in 1984 as Comann an Luchd - Ionnsachaidh ( ( ˈkʰomən̪ˠ ə lˠ̪uxˈkʲũːn̪ˠs̪əxɪ ) , ' the Learners ' Society ' ) , is an organisation based in Inverness which seeks to support learners of the Scottish Gaelic language and has campaigned actively to promote the language .
Challenger , Gray & Christmas , with headquarters located in Chicago , Illinois , is the oldest executive outplacement firm in the US .
James Lamont & Co were established as a ship repairer at East India Harbour , Greenock , in 1870 .
Four Barrel Coffee is a coffee roaster based in San Francisco , California , with three cafes in San Francisco .
Founded in 2004 by Dusty Mancinelli and Harry Cherniak , Inflo Films is a Toronto - based independent film production company .
IndusInd Bank Limited is a Mumbai based Indian new generation bank , established in 1994 .
Xirrus , Inc is a Wi - Fi technology company based in Thousand Oaks , California , US , that designs and sells wireless networking equipment based on the IEEE standards 802.11a , 802.11b , 802.11 g , 802.11n and 802.11ac .
The Shoe Company is a Canadian shoe and apparel store , originating from the Greater Toronto Area .
Dynamic Signal is a social marketing company based in San Bruno , California .
AccorHotels Arena ( originally known as Palais Omnisports de Paris - Bercy and formerly Bercy Arena ) is an indoor sports arena and concert hall located on boulevard de Bercy in the 12th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Rooky Ricardo 's Records is a record store in the Lower Haight district of San Francisco , California , which features mainly soul music 45 rpm records .
Bank of the West is a diversified financial services holding company , headquartered in San Francisco , California .
Avercast is an international software company headquartered in Rexburg , Idaho , USA .
Vergo Retail Ltd was a department store business based in Liverpool , England , founded in 2007 and currently in administration .
They also declared in their joint meeting held at the Tekeyan Center in Yerevan that the Democratic Liberal Party ( Armenia ) is the rightful historic continuation of the two earlier parties .
Con - way , Inc. ( NYSE : CNW ) was an American multinational freight transportation and logistics company headquartered in Ann Arbor , Michigan , United States .
Locust Music is a Chicago - based independent record label founded in 2001 .
Tangren Media Co. Ltd. ( Chinese : 唐人影视有限公司 ) , formerly known as Chinese Entertainment Shanghai Limited ( Chinese : 上海唐人电影制作有限公司 ) , is a Chinese entertainment and media company established in 1998 that provides investment , production and publishment of films , TV series , and cartoons .
Tenzing Communications of Seattle was founded in 1999 by David Coe and a small group of private investors , who had been funding the key software developed by Simon `` Symonty '' Gresham .
Fentimans is a botanical brewery based in Hexham , Northumberland , UK .
The Deutsche Ausrüstungswerke ( DAW ; literally the German Equipment Works ) was a Nazi German defense contractor with headquarters in Berlin during World War II , owned and operated by the Schutzstaffel ( SS ) .
The Interislander is a road and rail ferry service across New Zealand 's Cook Strait , between Wellington in the North Island and Picton in the South Island .
Brooks Stevens , Inc. , formally known as Brooks Stevens Design Associates and Brooks Stevens Design , is a product development firm headquartered in Allenton , Wisconsin .
G. H. Michell and Sons was an Australian wool processing and broking company based in Hindmarsh , South Australia , relocated to Salisbury , South Australia and with a change in company structure in the 1980s became Michell Australia Pty Ltd then the Michell Group of Companies .
Cercle Sportif Don Bosco de Lubumbashi or simply CS Don Bosco is a football club from DR Congo based in Lubumbashi .
Bianet ( acronym for Bağımsız İletişim Ağı , Independent Communication Network ) is an independent Turkish press agency based in Istanbul .
During the so - called Conferència d'Esquerres ( Conference of the left ) , held on the 17 and 19 of March 1931 at Cros street in the Sants district of Barcelona , Estat Català joined the Partit Republicà Català and the political group L'Opinió to form Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya .
Media Asia Entertainment Group ( Chinese : 寰亞娛樂集團有限公司 ) , Media Asia Group ( Chinese : 寰亞傳媒集團 , SEHK : 8075 ) , is a Hong Kong production company and distributor for films made in Hong Kong and throughout China .
Pat O'Brien 's Bar is a bar located in New Orleans , Louisiana that began operation as a legal liquor establishment on December 3 , 1933 , at the intersection of Royal and St. Peter streets in the French Quarter .
Zambia Sugar Plc , is a company based in Mazabuka , Southern Province , Zambia and is the largest sugar producer in Zambia .
Global Transportation Hub Authority - in Regina Saskatchewan - is Canada 's only autonomous and self - governing inland port authority .
The Design Research Society ( DRS ) , founded in the United Kingdom in 1966 , is an international society for developing and supporting the interests of the design research community .
Handel Architects LLP is an architecture firm that was founded in New York City in 1994 .
Crytek Black Sea ( previously known as Black Sea Studios ) is a Bulgarian video game developer founded by Vesselin Handjiev ( aka Frujin ) in 2001 and based in Sofia .
Esterel Technologies , a wholly owned subsidiary of ANSYS , Inc. , has offices in Élancourt , France , and Mountain View , California .
Jantzen is a brand of swimwear that was established in 1916 and first appeared in the city of Portland , Oregon , United States .
Duck Commander is both the brand of a best - selling duck call and the name of the company in West Monroe , Louisiana , United States .
Camerons Brewery Ltd is an English brewing company founded in 1865 by John William Cameron in Hartlepool , County Durham .
Altai State Medical University ( Russian : Алтайский Государственный Медицинский Университет ) is a state university in Barnaul , Russia .
Picture.com is an Internet - based photo specialty publishing service based in Raleigh , North Carolina , owned by Lulu .
Chick - fil - A ( CHIK - fil - AY , a play on the US pronunciation of `` fillet '' ) is an American fast food restaurant chain headquartered in the Atlanta suburb of College Park , Georgia , specializing in chicken sandwiches .
Chime Communications Limited is a marketing services company headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Aeroframe Services was headquartered in Lake Charles , Louisiana at Chennault International Airport .
ComplianceOnline , part of MetricStream , is a compliance training provider based in Palo Alto , California .
AdvisorShares Investments is a US - based investment management firm based in Bethesda , Maryland which offers actively managed exchange - traded funds ( ETFs ) through the AdvisorShares Trust .
IRIS Distribution ( Independent Recording Industry Services ) - now The Orchard - is a digital music distribution and marketing firm based in San Francisco , CA and New York City .
New Flyer Industries Inc. is a bus manufacturer in North America , headquartered in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
The David Cutler Group is a Plymouth Meeting , Pennsylvania based company and the largest privately held residential builder of new luxury homes and luxury communities in Philadelphia , PA 's Delaware Valley area .
BDA China Limited ( BDA ) is a business advising firm based in Beijing , China .
USAA is headquartered in San Antonio , Texas , occupying 286 acres ( 116 ha ) ( a former horse farm ) in a large single - occupancy office building on the city 's northwest side .
Tulloch Limited was an Australian engineering and railway rolling stock manufacturer , located at Rhodes , New South Wales .
The corporate headquarters of Walden Media are located in Los Angeles , California , and the Education , Outreach , Interactive and Publishing office is in Boston , Massachusetts .
Nordeus is a Serbian social network game developer based in Belgrade , with offices in Dublin , San Francisco and Skopje .
Founded in Los Angeles , California , in 1989 , Streamline Pictures was one of the first North American companies that was created primarily with the intention of distributing translated anime uncut and faithful to the original content .
Ntrepid is an American software , hardware , and cyber security company , registered in Florida and based in Herndon , Virginia .
Mittal Hospital & Research Centre is a healthcare corporation that operates multi specialist hospitals in Ajmer , Rajasthan .
Infineon Technologies AG , in Neubiberg near Munich , offers semiconductors and systems for automotive , industrial , and multimarket sectors , as well as chipcard and security products .
CPEC ( Communication Power Engineering Company ) ( BSE : 505678 ) is a solar photovoltaic power plant developer and operator in India and Africa , founded in Mumbai , India , with headquarters in London , United Kingdom .
Ukrainian Air Force headquarters is located in the city of Vinnytsia .
UpScale and Posh is a floristry company founded in 2002 in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Trunk Archive is an image licensing agency , based in New York City .
Karl Strauss Brewing Company is a San Diego , California - based beer business with a brewery and a chain of brewpub restaurants .
Its headquarters is located at the Torre BBVA Bancomer on Paseo de la Reforma in Mexico City .
The New England Business Journals , Inc. is the Rutland , Vermont based publisher of Valley Business Journal , Champlain Business Journal , and Rutland Business Journal .
Chances Bar was a nightclub in the Montrose neighborhood of Houston , Texas , which catered to the local LGBT community , particularly lesbians .
Asuda is a non - profit , non - governmental , non - affiliated organization based in Sulaymaniyah , Iraqi Kurdistan .
Jason 's Deli is a fast casual delicatessen restaurant chain headquartered in Beaumont , Texas , United States .
Keychain Logistics has offices in San Francisco .
By 1923 Vita - Film had built the Rosenhügel Film Studios in the Vienna suburbs , which still stand and are still used for film production .
Global Sweeteners Holdings Limited ( SEHK : 3889 ) is listed food company in Hong Kong .
Natal Drums ( in past known as Natal Percussion Company ) is an English drum and hardware manufacturing company based in Bletchley , England , United Kingdom .
Thunderbike was founded in 1985 , as a Suzuki dealer named Motorradschuppen ( eng . : motorcycle shed ) in the small town of Hamminkeln in western Germany .
SoYoung , formally known as SoYoung Mother , is a privately held diaper and lunch bag designer brand from Toronto , Ontario , Canada that was incorporated in 2004 .
Yema is a watchmaking company in Besançon , France .
The Lanchester Motor Company Limited was a car manufacturer located until early 1931 at Armourer Mills , Montgomery Street , Sparkbrook , Birmingham , and afterwards at Sandy Lane , Coventry England .
Midwest Communications is a Wausau , Wisconsin - based radio broadcasting company .
1E has offices in London , New York , Dublin , and Noida , being headquartered in the former .
Boombotix is a San Francisco , California based company that makes and markets portable speakers and mobile audio accessories .
Lionbridge Technologies , Inc. commonly known as Lionbridge , is a company based in Waltham , Massachusetts , United States ( U.S. ) that provides translation , online marketing , global content management and application testing products .
On 4 June 1992 Australians for Constitutional Monarchy held their first public meeting at Sydney Town Hall attended by about 450 people .
Direct Ferries has reported an increase in cyclists using its service , particularly from Britain to France , after the success of the British cycling team in the 2012 London Olympics .
Selective TV , Inc. is an over - the - air broadcasting company in Alexandria , Minnesota .
Anaplan is headquartered in San Francisco , with offices in England , France , Sweden , Benelux , Australia , Russia , Malaysia , and Singapore .
The Cape Libraries Automated Materials Sharing ( CLAMS ) library network is a non - profit , cooperative association of thirty - five member libraries and thirty - eight locations located throughout Cape Cod , Martha 's Vineyard , and Nantucket .
Joyou is headquartered in Nan’an , Quanzhou in the Chinese province of Fujian and is owned by the holding company Joyou AG , a German stock corporation located in Hamburg .
Stan Mobile is a former mobile virtual network operator service based in the United Kingdom .
Sportradar AG is a multinational corporation with headquarters in St. Gallen , Switzerland , that collects and analyzes sports data .
VSee is based in Sunnyvale , California with remote staff located worldwide .
Piramal Enterprises Limited , formerly Piramal Healthcare Limited , is a diversified company headquartered in Mumbai , India and also a member of the Piramal Group .
FBOP Corporation was a financial company based in Oak Park , Illinois , USA .
Start Football is a United Kingdom sports retailer founded in 1991 and is based in Cramlington , Northumberland .
Konarka Technologies , Inc. was a solar energy company based in Lowell , Massachusetts , founded in 2001 as a spin - off from University of Massachusetts Lowell .
Cosmos Engineering was a company that manufactured aero - engines in a factory in Fishponds , Bristol during World War I. Sir Roy Fedden , the company 's principal designer , developed the 14-cylinder radial Mercury engine during this period .
Ferrell North America moved its operations from Houston to the Ferrellgas corporate headquarters in Overland Park , Kansas in 2005 .
The Britannia Yacht Club ( BYC ) is a private social club , yacht club and tennis club based in Britannia Ottawa , Ontario .
The Joseph Horne Company , often referred to simply as Joseph Horne 's or Horne 's , was an iconic , regional department store chain based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited ( MMFSL ) is one of India 's leading Rural NBFC headquartered in Mumbai , India .
CloudBees is headquartered in San Jose , CA with additional offices in Lewes , DE , Richmond , VA , Brussels , Belgium and Neuchâtel , Switzerland .
The Clarion Project ( formerly Clarion Fund , Inc. ) is a Washington , D.C .- based nonprofit organization founded in 2006 .
Control Module Industries is a company with headquarters in Enfield , Connecticut that develops and manufactures electronic and electromechanical equipment .
Demel ( colloquially der Demel ) is a famous pastry shop and chocolaterie established in 1786 in Vienna , Austria .
Equality Utah is an American non - profit 501(c)(3 ) organization which is Utah 's largest LGBT rights group based in Salt Lake City , Utah .
BBK Electronics ' headquarters and production base are in Chang'an , Dongguan .
CF Industries Holdings , Inc. is a North American manufacturer and distributor of agricultural fertilizers , based in Deerfield , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago .
759 Store is a Hong Kong chain store selling groceries and snacks .
Conjunct Consulting is a Singapore - based nonprofit organization which offers pro bono management consulting services to other nonprofits and social enterprises in the areas of financial sustainability , human capital development , operations management , impact assessment and strategic planning .
SunCore Corporation is a company that produces light - powered intelligent charging systems to power today 's mobile devices for original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) , operators ( service providers ) and distributors , cofounded in 2004 by Steven Brimmer in Irvine , California .
Producción y Distribución Venezolana de Alimentos ( PDVAL ) , is a nationwide food supply network created by Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez and Petróleos de Venezuela ( PDVSA ) in response to the high food demand and presumed stockpiling by private food sectors , creating food shortage .
MKC Networks was a privately owned supplier of VoIP ( Voice over IP ) equipment and software components headquartered in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Harvard Common Press of Boston , Massachusetts , is an independent publisher of high - quality cookbooks and parenting books .
Austevoll Seafood has operations in Storebø , the administrative centre and largest village in Austevoll municipality , Norway .
The Waco Aircraft Company ( WACO ) was an aircraft manufacturer located in Troy , Ohio , USA .
In 1988 , Sub Pop Records LLC was formed by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle , Washington .
BoConcept , headquartered Herning , Denmark , is a high - end Danish designer and manufacturer of sleek modern design furniture , with an emphasis on fashion and functionality , that has approximately 300 locations around the world .
Nature 's Harmony Farm LLC is an artisanal cheese operation located in Elberton , Georgia .
The Schaefer Group consists of three independent , international companies , that started operations in Salchendorf ( Neunkirchen ) in the district Siegen - Wittgenstein of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Beaujon Aircraft , also known as Beaujon Ultralights , is an American aircraft design company , located in Ardmore , Oklahoma .
Based in Bremen in northern Germany , Hachez is ( after Lindt ) the second largest German manufacturer of chocolate products .
Headquartered in Somerset , New Jersey , Catalent operates 33 locations across five continents , producing more than 70 billion doses annually for nearly 7,000 customer products .
In 2006 , ACL became Students for Life of America , hiring a staff and opening a national headquarters in Arlington , Virginia , which has relocated to Manassas and then to Fredericksburg , Virginia .
Hang Lung Properties ( SEHK : 101 , OTC Pink : HLPPY ) , formerly Amoy Properties and parented by Hang Lung Group , is a Hong Kong real estate company .
Société Nationale de Crédit et d'Investissement or SNCI is a public - law banking institution in Luxembourg City designed to encourage business investments , start - ups and research initiatives .
Allegiance Communications corporate headquarters are located in Shawnee , Oklahoma , with a basic subscriber base of more than 40,000 customers .
The RATP Group ( French : Groupe RATP ) , also known as the Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens ( English : Autonomous Operator of Parisian Transports ) is a state - owned public transport operator headquartered in Paris , France .
Schnitzer Steel Industries , Inc. is an American steel manufacturing and scrap metal recyling company headquartered in Portland , Oregon .
Pop Art , Inc. is an independently owned American interactive marketing agency located in Portland , Oregon .
Shell Energy North America 's Canadian operational unit , Shell Canada , maintains a regional corporate office in Calgary , Alberta .
The Mellotron is an electro - mechanical , polyphonic tape replay keyboard originally developed and built in Birmingham , England , in 1963 .
The current Breadsmith Franchising , Inc office is located at 409 E Silver Spring Drive , Whitefish Bay , WI .
Cascade Community Federal Credit Union is a credit union in Roseburg , Oregon .
CommunityAmerica Credit Union ( CACU ) is a credit union headquartered in Kansas City , Missouri , regulated under the authority of the Missouri Division of Credit Unions and the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) of the U.S. federal government .
The Boundary Bay Brewing Company , also known as the Boundary Bay Brewery & Bistro is a brewery and brewpub in Bellingham , Washington , USA .
The Chicago Park District 's Headquarters are located in the Time - Life Building in the Streeterville neighborhood .
Reeds Jewelers is a U.S. retail jewelry company founded in 1946 by Bill and Roberta Zimmer in Wilmington , North Carolina .
Olympiacos Water Polo Club is the men 's water polo team of the major Greek multi - sport club Olympiacos CFP , based in Piraeus .
Stryker Corporation is a Fortune 500 medical technologies firm based in Kalamazoo , Michigan .
Party of Justice and Trust ( Bosnian : Stranka pravde i povjerenja , Croatian : Stranka pravde i povjerenja , Serbian : Странка правде и повјерења ) is a centre - right political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina formed on 13 April 2013 in Sarajevo .
Raymond sold Victoria 's Secret Inc. to Leslie Wexner , creator of Limited Stores Inc of Columbus , Ohio , for $ 1 million .
Hip Hing Construction Company Limited ( Chinese : 協興建築有限公司 ) is a main contractor in Hong Kong undertaking various types of building and civil engineering projects for government ( especially public housing estates and highways ) and private sectors .
HSH Nordbank is a commercial bank in northern Europe with headquarters in Hamburg as well as Kiel , Germany .
Marschall Labs is an analytical lab focusing on the coatings industry headquartered in Clearwater , Florida .
Invista , headquartered in Wichita , Kansas , United States , is the world 's largest integrated fiber , resin and intermediates company .
Edmonton International Airport , owned by Transport Canada , leased by Edmonton Airports , and part of the National Airports System , including a planned inland port logistics support facility in support of the Port Alberta initiative ; and Edmonton / Villeneuve Airport , owned by Edmonton Airports .
Harrisonville Telephone Company was founded in Waterloo , Illinois in 1896 , and provides communications to southwestern Illinois .
Imation , based in the St. Paul suburb of Oakdale , Minnesota , is an American technology corporation that describes itself as a global scalable storage and data security company .
Milan Presse is a publishing company based in Toulouse , France , that has been owned by Bayard Presse since 2004 .
GammaLink Inc. was founded in Sunnyvale , California by Dr Hank Magnuski and Dr Michael Lutz .
Jonckheere is a motor coach and bus builder , founded in 1881 by Henri Jonckheere in Roeselare , Belgium .
Gallus Holding AG , based in St. Gallen , Switzerland , is an international manufacturer of label printing and folding carton presses .
As of November 2014 , Akiba Commercial Bank operates a network of 17 branches , in Dar es Salaam , Arusha , Dodoma , Mwanza and other urban centers in the country .
Bonsoni.com was founded in 2010 as a free online marketplace design to connect people and trade goods and services by Bonsoni Ltd , a London based Start - up Company .
Explocity Pvt Ltd is a media and publishing company headquartered in Bangalore .
The second Pizza Ranch opened in Orange City in 1983 where the first noon buffet was introduced .
The Mongolian Stock Exchange ( MSE ) ( Mongolian : Монголын Хөрөнгийн Бирж/Mongolyn Khöröngiin Birj ) , located in Ulaanbaatar , is Mongolia 's sole stock exchange .
TCU Financial Group is a credit union with a head office in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan and locations in Regina , Saskatchewan , and at the end of 2014 was the 46th largest credit union in Canada .
The history of Paulig began in 1876 , when German Gustav Paulig established a new company in Helsinki .
Morgan Stanley ( NYSE : MS ) is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in the Morgan Stanley Building , Midtown Manhattan , New York City .
GenSpera , Inc. ( OTC : QB GNSZ ) is a development - stage pharmaceutical company based in San Antonio , Texas .
Nintendo European Research & Development ( or NERD ) was formerly known as Mobiclip , formerly known as Actimagine /ˈɑːktɨmədʒiːn/ , is a Nintendo subsidiary , located in Paris , which develops software technologies and middleware for Nintendo platforms .
Pawnee Aviation was an American aircraft manufacturer initially based in Longmont , Colorado and later in McCook , Nebraska .
Flashback Media Group AB is a Swedish media company that publishes magazines , books , websites and also started Sweden 's biggest discussion forum in May 2000 .
Wells Fargo & Company is an American multinational banking and financial services holding company which is headquartered in San Francisco , California , with `` hubquarters '' throughout the country .
Valcon Games is a developer and publisher of video games based in Bellevue , Washington , United States .
Global VR is company based in San Jose , California , that makes arcade games .
The DeWitt Stern Group , Inc. is a privately held , New York City - based insurance brokerage and risk advisory firm .
The Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs ( RSPP ) , a lobby based in Moscow , promotes the interests of business in Russia .
IDAPT is a privately held Spanish company founded and headquartered in Barcelona with branches in US and Hong Kong .
Joseph Fauchier ( 1687 - 1751 ) was a manufacturer of faïence , a form of glazed pottery , in Marseille , France .
Vygon ( UK ) Ltd is the largest subsidiary in terms of turnover ( £ 54 million in 2011 ) of the French medical devices Vygon SA . It is based in Swindon , Wiltshire and operates throughout the United Kingdom .
Glatfelter is a global manufacturer of specialty papers and engineered products , headquartered in York , Pennsylvania .
Keimfarben GmbH is a medium - sized company based in Diedorf near Augsburg .
The Bemis Manufacturing Company is an American manufacturing company based in Sheboygan Falls , Wisconsin and is best known for its toilet seat products .
The Germanos Group ( Greek : Όμιλος ΓΕΡΜΑΝΟΣ ) is a Greek holding company based in Athens , Greece .
Electricity Ashburton Limited , trading as EA Networks is a co - operatively - owned electricity distribution company , based in Ashburton , New Zealand .
Acme Packet is a company based in Bedford , Massachusetts which produces and markets session border controllers ( SBCs ) , multiservice security gateways ( MSGs ) and session routing proxies ( SRPs ) .
Makani Power is an Alameda , California - based company that developed airborne wind turbines with the support of Google X and the U.S. Department of Energy office of ARPA - E. Makani is a leader in the development of airborne wind power extraction systems .
New England Federal Credit Union ( NEFCU ) is a credit union headquartered in Williston , Vermont , chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) of the U.S. federal government .
Until May 2015 , Newspoll was a market research and polling company , part owned by News Corp Australia .
Atelier of Morabito is in Paris .
I. Magnin & Company was a San Francisco , California - based high fashion and specialty goods luxury department store .
Ave Line is a Latvian shipping company that operates between Lübeck - Travemünde and Riga .
Uddeholms AB is a multinational producer of high alloyed tool steel with production in Hagfors , Sweden .
The Schweizer Aircraft Corporation was an American manufacturer of sailplanes , agricultural aircraft and helicopters located in Horseheads , New York .
Wargaming Seattle , formerly known as Gas Powered Games , is a video game developer located in Redmond , Washington .
The HDG International Group 's global headquarters is in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Solomon and Peres was a music and entertainment retailer , distributor and music production house based in Belfast , Northern Ireland and Ireland from 1924 - -1981 , before becoming acquired by Decca Records .
The new name also refers to the Helsinki Senate Square , where several nearby buildings are managed by Senate Properties .
BlackRock , Inc. is an American multinational investment management corporation based in New York City .
The Constellation Theatre Company is a non - profit theater company located in Washington , D.C. It performs at the Source Theatre in Washington D.C. Its declared mission is `` to spark the curiosity and imagination of the people of Greater Washington , DC by bringing stories to life from all over the world .
Biocon Limited ( BSE : 532523 ) is an Indian biopharmaceutical company based in Bangalore , India .
In addition to its headquarters in London , UK , Datcroft Games maintains offices in Moscow , Saint Petersburg , Voronezh , Barnaul , Bar and Balearic Islands ( company 's European creative hub ) .
Truth & Wisdom Press ( TWP or `` 格致出版社 '' in Chinese ) is an educational publisher based in Shanghai , China .
Aixam - Mega is a French automobile manufacturer based in Aix - les - Bains , Savoie .
IBC Vehicles Limited is a British automotive manufacturing company based in Luton , Bedfordshire and a subsidiary of Adam Opel AG , itself a wholly owned subsidiary of General Motors ( GM ) .
Futurice 's headquarters is in Helsinki .
Sinovel Wind Group Company ( Chinese : 华锐风电 ) is a Chinese wind turbine manufacturer headquartered in Beijing .
Création Baumann is a Swiss textile enterprise with headquarters in Langenthal ( canton Berne ) .
Vector Marketing is the domestic sales arm of Cutco Corporation , an Olean , New York based cutlery manufacturer .
Can Yayınları ( English : Life Publications ) is a publishing company based in Istanbul , Turkey .
Nutter McClennen & Fish LLP is a long - standing law firm in Boston , Massachusetts .
AVI - SPL is headquartered in Tampa , Florida , and has a roster of 1,500 employees spread out among 32 branch offices .
Eight participants from the Final Eliminator meet at the K-1 World Grand Prix Final that was traditionally held at Tokyo Dome .
FortuneFish is a video game development company situated in Nottingham , UK , who began operations in 2013 .
In 2007 , Clandestine Industries Landmark retail store opened in Pete 's hometown of Chicago , which contained some store - only exclusives .
Softron is a Canadian tax preparation company headquartered in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada and was founded in 1982 .
Grupo GP or Grupo Garza Ponce is a Mexican construction company based in Monterrey , Nuevo León .
CenturyTel of Colorado , Inc. is a telephone operating company owned by CenturyLink that provides local telephone service in Colorado , including Pagosa Springs .
The Kokang Democracy and Unity Party ( Burmese : ကိုးကန့် ဒီမိုကရေစီနှင့် ညီညွတ်ရေးပါတီ , KDUP , locally known as Lashio Long ) is a political party in Myanmar , representing the interests of the Kokang Chinese and the Kokang Self - Administered Zone .
Dave Smith Motors is a car dealership in Kellogg , Idaho , that attracts customers from all over the country .
The American Institute for Economic Research ( AIER ) , located in Great Barrington , Massachusetts , is an independent 501(c)(3 ) economic research institute that represents no fund , concentration of wealth , or other special interests .
Bright Shining City Productions is an independent film and media production company established in Austin , Texas by Polish - American film director and producer Mariusz Kotowski in 2005 .
W.S. Darley & Co. is a designer , manufacturer and distributor of firefighting , defense and emergency services equipment , based in Itasca , Illinois , USA .
Bacardi Limited is headquartered in Hamilton , Bermuda , and has a 16-member board of directors led by the original founder 's great - great grandson , Facundo L. Bacardí .
The MIT Press is a university press affiliated with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in Cambridge , Massachusetts ( United States ) .
Gericom was an Austrian computer equipment manufacturer , based in Linz , Upper Austria .
Harris + Hoole is a British coffeehouse company headquartered in London .
The holding company KHD Humboldt Wedag International AG , based in Cologne , Germany employs more than 750 employees worldwide , including customer service centers in the Americas , India , Russia , and the Asia - Pacific region .
Dreyer 's Grand Ice Cream Holdings , Inc. , a subsidiary of Nestlé , is a United States - based producer of ice cream and frozen yogurt founded in 1928 as Edy 's Grand Ice Cream in Oakland , California by Joseph Edy and William Dreyer .
Central University of Technology , Free State or Central University of Technology is a University of Technology in Bloemfontein in the Free State province of South Africa .
In 1850 , Buffet Crampon established its headquarters at Mantes - la - Ville .
Sunsuper is a public offer super fund company based in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
McRae 's was a mid - range regional department store chain founded and based in Jackson , Mississippi , with locations in Mississippi , Alabama , Louisiana , and Florida .
Leisure Learning Unlimited , Inc. , is a privately owned continuing - education firm in Houston , Texas .
CityZen was a formal dining restaurant located in the Mandarin Oriental Washington hotel in Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
Jacob & Josef Kohn , also known as J. & J. Kohn , was an Austrian furniture maker and interior designer in Vienna .
Founded in 1898 , it consists today of several cooperatives of independent supermarkets all operating under the umbrella organisation Edeka Zentrale AG & Co KG , with headquarters in Hamburg .
Samarco is hosted in Belo Horizonte , the capital of Minas Gerais .
The Media - Saturn - Holding GmbH ( MSH ) is a german holding and the Number One consumer electronics retailer in Europe with its Headquarter in Ingolstadt , Germany .
GE Lighting is a division of General Electric headquartered in Nela Park , East Cleveland , Ohio , United States , employing 17,000 people and tracing its origins to Thomas Edison 's work on lighting .
Euronext NV is a European stock exchange seated in Amsterdam , Brussels , London , Lisbon and Paris .
Böttcher America is headquartered in Belcamp , Maryland United States and employs over 200 employees .
TrønderEnergi is a power company based in the municipality Trondheim , Norway that operates hydroelectric power plants and wind farms , as well as the power grid in parts of the county Sør - Trøndelag .
CN Marine was a Canadian ferry company headquartered in Moncton , New Brunswick .
Kashmir Crown Bakeries ( KCB ) is a food making business based in Bradford .
Xaar plc is a company supplying industrial inkjet printheads and is based in Cambridge .
The Melbourne Steam Traction Engine Club was established in Melbourne over 45 years ago and is located at 1200 Ferntree Gully Rd Scoresby , Victoria , Australia .
Berns Salonger is a restaurant and entertainment venue , in Berzelii Park , in central Stockholm , Sweden .
The Hotel2Tango ( sometimes referred to as Thee Mighty Hotel2Tango and abbreviated H2 T ) is a 24-track analogue recording studio situated in the Mile End district of Montreal , Quebec .
Rupayatan is a residency school at Bhavnath , Junagadh in Gujarat , India .
Future Shorts is a short film label based in London .
21st Amendment Brewery is a restaurant and brewery located in the South Park neighborhood of San Francisco , California , two blocks from AT&T Park .
Aarni was founded in 1998 , in Finland , by Master Warjomaa ( occasionally known as Mahatma M. Warjomaa ) .
Frederieke Saeijs is playing on a Pietro Guarneri violin ( Venice , 1725 ) , Ex - Reine Elisabeth , kindly lent to her by the Dutch National Music Instrument Foundation .
Jan Beyzym ( 15 May 1850 , Volhynia -- 2 October 1912 , Madagascar ) was a Polish Jesuit priest who was beatified on 18 August 2002 by Pope John Paul II .
Edward Blishen ( 29 April 1920 -- 13 December 1996 ) was an English author and broadcaster .
Robert Riviere ( 30 June 1808 , London -- 12 April 1882 , London ) was an English bookbinder of Huguenot descent .
Meng Jiao ( Chinese : 孟郊 ; Wade -- Giles : Meng Chiao ; 751 - -814 ) was a poet of the Tang Dynasty , in China .
Thomas Hood ( 23 May 1799 -- 3 May 1845 ) was an English poet , author and humourist , best known for poems such as `` The Bridge of Sighs '' and `` The Song of the Shirt '' .
Romain Mesnil ( born 13 June 1977 in Le Plessis - Bouchard ) is a retired , French pole vaulter .
Giancarlo Sbragia ( 14 March 1926 -- 28 June 1994 ) is an Italian actor , voice actor , stage director and playwright .
Horst Tappert ( 26 May 1923 − 13 December 2008 ) was a German movie and television actor who played Inspector Stephan Derrick in the television drama Derrick .
Maria Pawlikowska - Jasnorzewska , née Kossak ( 24 November 1891 -- 9 July 1945 ) , was a Polish poet known as the Polish Sappho and `` queen of lyrical poetry '' of Poland 's interwar period .
Charles de Grimaldi - Régusse ( 1612 - 1687 ) was a French aristocrat , landowner and politician .
Muhammad Husayn Tabataba'i or Seyed Mohammad Hossein Tabataba'i ( Persian : علامه سید محمد حسین طباطبائی‎‎ , 16 March 1903 -- 7 November 1981 ) was one of the most prominent thinkers of philosophy and contemporary Shia Islam .
Jules Basdevant ( April 15 , 1877 -- March 17 , 1968 in Anost ) was a French law professor .
Rosellen Brown ( born May 12 , 1939 ) is an American author , and has been an instructor of English and creative writing at several universities , including the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and the University of Houston .
Richard Neville Aldworth Neville ( 1717 - -1793 ) , until 1762 Richard Neville Aldworth , was an English politician and diplomat .
Thomas Haynes Bayly ( 13 October 1797 -- 22 April 1839 ) was an English poet , songwriter , dramatist , and miscellaneous writer .
Antoni Lange ( 1863 -- 17 March 1929 ) was a Polish poet , philosopher , polyglot ( 15 languages ) , writer , novelist , science - writer , reporter and translator .
Charles Jean Jacques Joseph Ardant du Picq ( 19 October 1821 -- 18 August 1870 ) was a French Army officer and military theorist of the mid - nineteenth century whose writings , as they were later interpreted by other theorists , had a great effect on French military theory and doctrine .
Auguste - Louis Bertin d'Antilly ( 1763 - -1804 ) was a French dramatist and journalist whose patriotic songs and topical libretti were prominent during the French Revolution , but who emigrated from France under Napoleon .
Mariano Artigas ( 1938 - -2006 ) was a Spanish physicist , philosopher , and theologian .
Rony Brauman , born June 19 , 1950 , in Jerusalem , is a French physician specializing in tropical diseases .
Luis Galiana y Cervera ( 8 June 1740 -- 1771 ) was a Spanish Dominican theologian , philologist and writer .
Carl August Friedrich Mahn ( September 9 , 1802 -- January 27 , 1887 ) was a German philologist and language teacher and researcher .
Susy Delgado ( born 20 December 1949 ) is a Paraguayan poet in Spanish and Guarani .
José Sanchis Sinisterra ( born June 28 , 1940 ) is a Spanish playwright and theatre director .
Aurel Rău ( born 7 November 1930 in Bistriţa - Năsăud County ) is a Romanian poet , novelist , translator and essayist .
Alfred Schnittke ( Russian : Альфре́д Га́рриевич Шни́тке , Alfred Garrievič Šnitke ; November 24 , 1934 -- August 3 , 1998 ) was a Soviet and Russian composer .
Carlo Cassola ( 17 March 1917 -- 29 January 1987 ) was an influential Italian novelist and essayist .
Amico Aspertini ( c. 1474 -- 1552 ) , also called Amerigo Aspertini , is an Italian Renaissance painter whose complex , eccentric , and eclectic style anticipates Mannerism .
Avram Iancu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( aˈvram ˈjaŋku ) ; 1824 -- September 10 , 1872 ) was a Transylvanian Romanian lawyer who played an important role in the local chapter of the Austrian Empire Revolutions of 1848 - -1849 .
Luis García Berlanga Martí ( born 12 June 1921 in Valencia , Spain ; died 13 November 2010 ) was a Spanish film director and screenwriter .
Jean - Joseph Gaume ( 5 May 1802 -- 19 November 1879 ) was a French Roman Catholic theologian and author .
Robert J. H. Morrison ( born January 6 1961 ) is a Canadian author , editor , academic , and professor of English at Queen 's University , Kingston , Ontario .
Vahan Terian ( Armenian : Վահան Տերյան ; January 28 , 1885 -- January 7 , 1920 ) was an Armenian poet , lyrist and public activist .
Abbas Zakour ( Arabic : عباس زكور‎ ; Hebrew : עבאס זכור‎ , born 30 December 1965 ) is an Israeli Arab politician and a former member of the Knesset for the United Arab List .
Shanthi Williams is an Indian actress who has played supporting roles in Tamil and Malayalam movies and serials .
Klaus Wiegand ( born 16 August 1941 ) was a Major general in the East German People 's Army .
Yuri Rost ( Russian : Юрий Рост , born February 1 , 1939 in Kiev , Ukraine ) is a photographer , journalist , author and traveller .
Emanuel Swedenborg ( /ˈswiːdənˌbɔːrɡ/ ; Swedish pronunciation ; born Emanuel Swedberg on 29 January 1688 ; died 29 March 1772 ) was a Swedish scientist , philosopher , theologian , revelator , and mystic .
Luise Mühlbach was the pen name of Clara Mundt ( 1814 Neubrandenburg -- 1873 ) , a German writer best known for her works of historical fiction which enjoyed a wide popularity that was short - lived .
Michel Tapié ( Michel Tapié de Céleyran , 26 February 1909 -- 30 July 1987 ) was an internationally active French critic , curator , and collector of art . He was an early and influential theorist and practitioner of `` tachisme '' , which is generally regarded as the European equivalent of abstract expressionism .
Louis Lachenal ( 17 July 1921 -- 25 November 1955 ) , a French climber born in Annecy , Haute - Savoie , was one of the first two mountaineers to climb a summit of more than 8,000 meters .
Anatole Jakovsky ( 13 August 1909 -- 24 September 1988 ) was a French art critic who wrote substantially , collected widely , and established a museum in Nice for Naïve art , Musée international d'Art naïf Anatole Jakovsky .
Lord William Powlett ( baptized 18 August 1666 - - 25 September 1729 ) was an English MP .
Alexandre Vuillemin ( 1812 - 1880 ) was a prominent 19th century French cartographer and editor based in Paris .
Shiva Kumar Rai ( Nepali : शिव कुमार राई ) is a Nepali writer and politician from Darjeeling , India .
Manuel Sánchez Arcas ( 1897 - -1970 ) was a Spanish Modernist architect .
Michael Palme ( born 1943 in Prague - died February 10 , 2010 in Wiesbaden ) was a German journalist with particular interest in sports .
Louis René Étienne Tulasne , a.k.a . Edmond Tulasne ( September 12 , 1815 - December 22 , 1885 ) was a French botanist and mycologist born in Azay - le - Rideau .
Pilar Rubio Fernández ( born March 17 , 1978 ) is a Spanish reporter and TV presenter .
Shaun Whiteside ( born 1959 ) is a Northern Irish translator of French , Dutch , German , and Italian literature .
Antoine Dauvergne ( 3 October 1713 -- 11 February 1797 ) was a French composer and violinist .
Christiane Wilhelmine Sophie von Kühn ( March 17 , 1782 -- March 19 , 1797 ) was the love interest and eventual fiancée of the German Romantic poet and philosopher Friedrich von Hardenberg , known to many simply as Novalis .
Sitor Situmorang ( October 2 , 1923 -- December 21 , 2014 ) was an Indonesian poet , essayist and writer of short stories .
Peter Nansen ( 20 January 1861 - 31 July 1918 ) was a Danish novelist , journalist , and publisher .
Rama Vij ( Hindi : रमा विज , Punjabi : ਰਮਾ ਵਿਜ ) is an Indian film actress who works in Hindi and Punjabi movies and TV serials .
Vincent Delerm ( born 31 August 1976 ) is a French singer - songwriter , pianist and composer .
Jules - Claude Ziegler ( 1804 - 1856 ) was a French painter , ceramicist and photographer of the French school .
Duiliu Zamfirescu ( 30 October 1858 -- 3 June 1922 ) was a Romanian novelist , poet , short story writer , lawyer , nationalist politician , journalist , diplomat and memoirist .
Renaud Barbaras ( born in 1955 ) is a French contemporary philosopher .
Vida Ognjenović ( Serbian : Вида Огњеновић , pronounced ( ʋǐːda oɡɲěːnoʋitɕ ) ; born August 14 , 1941 in Dubočke village , Nikšić municipality ) is a famous Serbian theater director , playwright , writer , drama professor and diplomat .
Ana Alcaide ( born 1976 , Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish performer , composer and music producer who carries out research on ancient traditions and cultures .
Francesco Ottavio Magnocavalli , also spelled Magnocavallo ( 1707 - -1789 ) was an Italian architect and writer .
Marie Losier ( born in France ) is a French filmmaker and curator who 's worked in New York City for 20 years .
André Almuró ( 1927 - -2009 ) was a French radio producer , composer and film director .
Yu Chi - hwan ( 1908 - -1967 ) , also known by his pen name Cheongma , was a leading twentieth - century Korean poet .
Manuel González - Hontoria y Fernández - Ladreda ( 31 January 1878 -- 26 October 1954 ) was a Spanish politician and diplomat who served two times as Minister of Estate during the reign of Alfonso XIII .
Aaron ben Joseph ha - Levi was a Spanish Talmudist and critic ; a direct descendant of Zerahiah Ha - Levi , and probably , like him , a native of Girona , Spain ; flourished at the end of the thirteenth century ; died before 1303 .
Alain Guy ( August 11 , 1918 -- November 7 , 1998 ) was a French philologist and hispanist .
Charles Antoine Coysevox ( 29 September 1640 -- 10 October 1720 ) , French sculptor , was born at Lyon , and belonged to a family which had emigrated from Franche - Comté , a Spanish possession at the time .
Lorenz Oken ( 1 August 1779 -- 11 August 1851 ) was a German naturalist , botanist , biologist , and ornithologist .
Roger Lockyer ( born 1928 ) is an English historian , professor , and writer .
Dame Margaret Drabble , Lady Holroyd DBE FRSL ( born 5 June 1939 ) , is an English novelist , biographer and critic .
Filippo Salvatore Gilii ( Spanish : Felipe Salvator Gilij ) ( 1721 - -1789 ) was an Italian Jesuit priest who lived in the Province of Venezuela ( in present day central Venezuela ) on the Orinoco River .
Princess Marie Bonaparte ( 2 July 1882 -- 21 September 1962 ) was a French author and psychoanalyst , closely linked with Sigmund Freud .
Aleko Konstantinov ( Bulgarian : Алеко Константинов ) ( 1 January 1863 -- 11 May 1897)(NS : 13 January 1863 -- 23 May 1897 ) was a Bulgarian writer , best known for his character Bay Ganyo , one of the most popular characters in Bulgarian fiction .
Jean Victor Marie Moreau ( 14 February 1763 -- 2 September 1813 ) was a French general who helped Napoleon Bonaparte to power , but later became a rival and was banished to the United States .
Milan Vidmar ( 22 June 1885 -- 9 October 1962 ) was a Slovene electrical engineer , chess player , chess theorist , philosopher , and writer .
Ėrnest Lʹvovich Radlov ( 1854 - 1928 ) was a Russian neo - Kantian philosopher and historian of philosophy , a friend and editor of Vladimir Solovyov .
Félix Ziem ( February 26 , 1821 -- November 10 , 1911 ) was a French painter in the style of the Barbizon School .
Carlo Maria Giulini , Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈkarlo maˈriːa dʒuˈliːni ) ; 9 May 1914 -- 14 June 2005 ) was an Italian conductor .
Francesca Caccini ( 18 September 1587 -- after 1641 ) was an Italian composer , singer , lutenist , poet , and music teacher of the early Baroque era .
Reem Bassiouney ( Arabic : ريم بسيوني‎ Rīm Basyūnī ; March 6 , 1973 ) is an Egyptian author and professor of sociolinguistics , currently teaching at The American University in Cairo .
George Hardinge ( 1743 - -1816 ) was an English judge , writer and Member of Parliament .
Karel Poláček ( 22 March 1892 -- 21 January 1945 ) was a Czech writer , humorist and journalist of Jewish descent .
Miguel Pacheco ( born 5 September 1931 ) is a Spanish former racing cyclist .
Berthe Weill ( Paris 1865 -- 1951 ) was a French art dealer who played a vital role in the creation of the market for twentieth - century art with the manifestation of the Parisian Avant - Garde .
Frank Calvert ( 1828 - -1908 ) was an English expatriate who was a consular official in the eastern Mediterranean region and an amateur archaeologist .
James Krüss ( 31 May 1926 -- 2 August 1997 ) was a German writer of children 's and picture books , illustrator , poet , dramatist , scriptwriter , translator , and collector of children 's poems and folk songs .
Jacinto Esteva Grewe ( Barcelona , Spain , 1936 - Barcelona , Spain , September 9 , 1985 ) was a Spanish film director one of the founders of the Barcelona School of Film ..
Rafa Villar ( Cee , Galicia , 1968 - ) is a Galician writer noted especially in the field of poetry .
Philippe Petit ( French pronunciation : ​(filip pəti ) ; born 13 August 1949 ) is a French high - wire artist who gained fame for his high - wire walk between the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in New York City , on the morning of August 7 , 1974 .
Christine Westermann ( born 2 December 1948 in Erfurt ) is a German television and radio host , journalist and author .
Sir George Toulmin ( 17 March 1857 -- 21 January 1923 ) was an English journalist , newspaper proprietor and Liberal Party politician .
Dmitri Baltermants ( Russian : Дмитрий Николаевич Бальтерманц , May 13 , 1912 -- 1990 ) was a prominent Soviet photojournalist .
Łukasz Orbitowski ( born 1977 ) is a Polish essayist and fantasy and horror writer .
Jesper Ewald ( 24 December 1893 in Vordingborg -- 30 August 1969 in Copenhagen ) was a Danish author , journalist and translator .
Ardengo Soffici ( April 7 , 1879 -- August 12 , 1964 ) , was an Italian writer , painter , poet , sculptor and intellectual .
Joaquim Vayreda i Vila ( born 1843 in Girona , Spain ; died 1894 in Olot , Spain ) was a Spanish painter .
Heinrich Eduard Jacob ( 7 October 1889 -- 25 October 1967 ) was a German and American journalist and author .
Zareh Mutafian ( Armenian : Զարեհ Մութաֆյան ; March 15 , 1907 - May 11 , 1980 ) was a French - Armenian painter .
Pierdomenico Baccalario ( born 6 March 1974 ) is an Italian author of young adult fiction , best known for his Ulysses Moore series .
Manu Katché ( born 27 October 1958 , in Saint - Maur - des - Fossés ) is a French musician of Ivorian origin .
Aleksis Kivi ( pronunciation ) , born Alexis Stenvall , ( 10 October 1834 -- 31 December 1872 ) was a Finnish author who wrote the first significant novel in the Finnish language , Seven Brothers ( Finnish title : Seitsemän veljestä ) .
André Hornez ( 12 May 1905 -- 9 March 1989 ) was a French lyricist and screenwriter .
Günter Kochan ( 2 October 1930 -- 22 February 2009 ) was a German classical composer .
Alfred Landé ( 13 December 1888 - -30 October 1976 ) was a German - American physicist known for his contributions to quantum theory .
Margaret Harvey ( 1768 - -1858 ) was an English poet and scholar from Newcastle , England .
Francis Wurtz ( born 3 January 1948 in Strasbourg ) was a French Member of the European Parliament from 1979 until 2009 .
Francesco Bonatelli ( 1830 - 1911 ) was a 19th - century Italian philosopher of the Roman Catholic spiritualist tradition .
Tudor Vianu ( Romanian : ( ˈtudor viˈanu ) ; January 8 , 1898 -- May 21 , 1964 ) was a Romanian literary critic , art critic , poet , philosopher , academic , and translator .
Between 2006 and 2013 , Jérôme Sans was also the Global Cultural Curator for Le Méridien Hotels & Resorts ; and , in 2012 , he created the French cultural magazine L’Officiel Art as creative director and editor - in - chief .
Ramesh Deo ( born 30 Jan 1929 ) is an Indian film and television actor who has worked in more than 285 Hindi Films , 190 Marathi Films , 30 Marathi Dramas with over 200 shows in his long career .
Claud Lovat Fraser ( 15 May 1890 London -- 18 June 1921 , Dymchurch ) was an English artist , designer and author .
Elsebeth Egholm ( born 17 September 1960 ) is a Danish journalist and best - selling author who writes mainly crime fiction novels .
John Jenyns ( c. 1660 -- 1717 ) , of Hayes and Bedford Row , St Andrew Holborn , Middlesex , was an English politician .
Géza Ottlik ( 9 May 1912 -- 9 October 1990 ) was a Hungarian writer , translator , mathematician , and bridge theorist .
Maurice Hauriou ( 17 August 1856 -- 12 March 1929 ) was a French jurist and sociologist whose writings shaped French administrative law in the late 19th and early 20th century .
Antonin Gadal ( 1877 - -1962 ) was a French mystic and historian who dedicated his life to study of the Cathars in the south of France , their spirituality , beliefs and ideology .
Hans Jendretzky ( July 20 , 1897 in Berlin -- July 2 , 1992 in Berlin ) was a German communist politician .
Peeter Sauter ( born March 11 , 1962 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian author .
Frederic Leighton , 1st Baron Leighton PRA ( 3 December 1830 -- 25 January 1896 ) , known as Sir Frederic Leighton between 1878 and 1896 , was an English painter and sculptor .
Anton Torello ( Spanish : Antoni Torelló i Ros , 30 June 1884 , Sant Sadurní d'Anoia -- 1960 , Los Angeles ) was a Catalan double bass player .
Richard Hathwaye ( fl . 1597 - 1603 ) , was an English dramatist .
Clement Walker ( died 1651 ) was an English lawyer , official and politician .
Dimcho Debelyanov ( Bulgarian : Димчо Дебелянов ) ( 28 March 1887 -- 2 October 1916 ) was a Bulgarian poet and author whose death in the First World War cut off his promising literary career .
Wiera Gran , real name Dwojra Grynberg ( 20 April 1916 -- 19 November 2007 ) was a Polish singer and actress .
Jean - Baptiste - Camille Corot ( French : ( ʒɑ̃ ba.tist ka.mij kɔ.ʁo ) ; July 16 , 1796 -- February 22 , 1875 ) was a French landscape and portrait painter as well as a printmaker in etching .
André Aymard ( 14 May 1900 , Saint - Denis , Seine - Saint - Denis -- 11 August 1964 , Oradour - sur - Glane , Haute - Vienne ) was a French historian , specialising in Ancient Greece , particularly the Hellenistic period .
Johann Heinrich von Mädler ( May 29 , 1794 , Berlin -- March 14 , 1874 , Hannover ) was a German astronomer .
Christian Alvart ( born May 28 , 1974 in Jugenheim ) is a German filmmaker and screenwriter .
K. L. Mohana Varma ( born 1936 ) is a Malayalam -- language novelist , short story writer and journalist from Kerala state , South India .
Tom George Kolath better known as Tom George , is a film producer , director , actor and scriptwriter in the Malayalam Film Industry .
Syed Abul Maksud ( Bengali : সৈয়দ আবুল মকসুদ ; born October 23 , 1946 ) is a Bangladeshi journalist , columnist , research scholar , essayist , and writer .
Jérôme de Gonnelieu ( born at Soissons , 8 September 1640 ; died at Paris , 28 February 1715 ) was a French Jesuit theologian , ascetical writer , and preacher .
Yves - Thibault de Silguy ( born 22 July 1948 ) is a French and European politician , born in Rennes , France .
Anne Curzan earned a B.A. in Linguistics from Yale University ( summa cum laude ) and an M.A. and a Ph.D. in English Language and Literature from the University of Michigan .
Isabella Santacroce ( born April 30 , 1970 in Riccione ) is an Italian novelist .
Armande de Polignac , Comtesse de Chabannes - La Palice ( Marie Armande Mathilde ; 8 January 1876 -- 29 April 1962 ) was a French composer , the niece of Prince Edmond de Polignac and Princess Winnaretta de Polignac , the patron of Ravel , Stravinsky and Milhaud .
Florence Quentin ( 5 September 1946 ) is a French César Award winning director and screenwriter .
Ioan Mirea ( 1912 - 1987 ) was a Romanian painter and graphic artist , member of the Iron Guard .
Friedrich Fischbach ( 1839 Aachen - 1908 ) was a German textile designer .
Gaetano Filangieri ( 22 August 1752 -- 21 July 1788 ) was an Italian jurist and philosopher .
Ingo Petzke ( born 18 September 1947 in Belm near Osnabrück in Germany ) is an internationally acknowledged German film scholar , filmmaker and author .
Octav Onicescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( okˈtav oniˈt͡ʃesku ) ; August 20 , 1892 -- August 19 , 1983 ) was a Romanian mathematician , member of the Romanian Academy , and founder of the Romanian school of probability theory and statistics .
Encarna Sant - Celoni i Verger ( Tavernes de la Valldigna , La Safor , 1959 ) is a Valencian narrative writer , poet and translator .
Edme Hippolyte Marié - Davy ( 28 April 1820 -- 26 July 1893 ) was a French chemist and inventor of the 19th century .
Jacques Fouroux ( 24 July 1947 -- 17 December 2005 ) was a French rugby union player and coach .
Benjamin Schmolck ( 21 December 1672 -- 12 February 1737 ) was a German Lutheran composer of hymns .
Francisco de Artiga , a celebrated Spanish landscape and historical painter , was born at Huesca , about 1650 .
Jordi Soler i Galí ( born 7 June 1949 ) , known by the stage name Toti Soler , is a Spanish guitarist , singer and composer , one of the most important figures of contemporary music in Catalonia .
François Feuardent ( 1539 -- 1 January 1610 ) was a French Franciscan theologian , and preacher of the Ligue .
Prakash Karat ( Malayalam : പ്രകാശ് കാരാട്ട് ) ( born 7 February 1948 ) is an Indian communist politician .
Carlo Emilio Gadda ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈkarlo eˈmiljo ˈɡadda ) ; November 14 , 1893 -- May 21 , 1973 ) was an Italian writer and poet .
Hermann Alexander Diels ( German : ( diːls ) ; May 18 , 1848 -- June 4 , 1922 ) was a German classical scholar .
Vicente de Azcuénaga Iturbe ( January 1706 - -1787 ) was a Spanish - born Argentine businessman and politician .
Kundara Johny is an Indian actor in Malayalam cinema .
In addition to writing novels , Tõnu Õnnepalu has translated works into Estonian from the French language by such authors as François Mauriac , Charles Baudelaire and Marcel Proust and has written for such English language publications as the Poetry Society .
Pepe Rubio ( September 10 , 1931 -- March 15 , 2012 ) was a Spanish actor , known for comedies , whose professional career began in 1953 with theater .
( George ) Graham Woodwark CBE ( 1 July 1874 -- 26 December 1938 ) was an English Liberal politician .
Achille Marie Gaston Floquet ( 15 December 1847 , Épinal -- 7 October 1920 , Nancy ) was a French mathematician , best known for his work in mathematical analysis , especially in theory of differential equations .
Joseph - Alexander Martigny ( born at Sauverny , Ain , in 1808 ; died at Belley , 19 August 1880 ) was a French archaeologist and Canon of Belley .
Martin Petzoldt ( 13 April 1946 -- 13 March 2015 ) was a German Lutheran theologian , Bach scholar and academic teacher .
Luca Giordano ( 18 October 1634 -- 12 January 1705 ) was an Italian late Baroque painter and printmaker in etching .
Prince Stanisław Herakliusz Lubomirski aka `` Mirobulius Tassalinus '' ( 1642 - -1702 ) was a Polish noble , politician , patron of the arts and writer .
Heinz Haber ( May 15 , 1913 -- February 13 , 1990 ) was a German physicist and science writer who primarily became famous for his TV programs and books about physics and environmental subjects .
David William Mitchell ( 4 August 1813 -- 1 November 1859 ) was an English zoologist and illustrator .
Alessandro Bertolotti ( born in 1960 ) is an Italian writer and photographer .
Petar Preradović ( 19 March 1818 -- 18 August 1872 ) was a Croatian poet , writer , and military general in the Austro - Hungarian Army .
John Howard , 1st Duke of Norfolk ( c.1425 -- 22 August 1485 ) , KG , Earl Marshal , was an English nobleman and soldier , and the first Howard Duke of Norfolk .
Blaže Ristovski ( born in the village Garnikovo , Kavadarci , Macedonia on March 21 , 1931 ) is Macedonian linguist , folklorist and historian .
Hein Kötz ( born 14 November 1935 ) is a German jurist , former Director of the Max - Planck - Institute for foreign and international private law ( MPI - PRIV ) , the Bucerius Law School and Vice President of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft ( DFG ) .
Antonio Álvarez Alonso ( 11 March 1867 - 22 June 1903 ) was a Spanish pianist and composer .
Pasupathy ( Tamil : பசுபதி ; born 18 May 1969 ) is an Indian film actor .
Francesco Gasparini ( 19 March 1661 -- 22 March 1727 ) was an Italian Baroque composer and teacher whose works were performed throughout Italy , and also on occasion in Germany and England .
Vicente Emparán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biˈθente empaˈɾan ) , or sometimes Emparan ( emˈpaɾan ) ; 1747 -- 3 October 1842 ) was a Spanish Basque Captain General .
Marius Mircu ( June 9 , 1909 - -September 2008 ) was a Romanian journalist and memoirist .
Eugenio Vegas Latapie ( 1907 - -1985 ) was a Spanish monarchist writer , activist and conspirator who was noted for the extremism of his monarchist beliefs .
Félix Savart ( French : ( savaʁ ) ; 30 June 1791 -- 16 March 1841 ) was a physicist who is primarily known for the Biot--
Shifra Horn ( Hebrew : שפרה הורן ‎ ) ( born 1951 ) is an Israeli author .
Leoš Janáček ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈlɛoʃ ˈjanaːt͡ʃɛk ) , baptised Leo Eugen Janáček ; 3 July 1854 -- 12 August 1928 ) was a Czech composer , musical theorist , folklorist , publicist and teacher .
Gajala is an Indian film actress , who has appeared in Tamil , Malayalam and Telugu films .
John Harrison ( 3 April ( O.S. 24 March ) 1693 - - 24 March 1776 ) was a self - educated English carpenter and clockmaker who invented the marine chronometer , a long - sought after device for solving the problem of calculating longitude while at sea .
Conchita Montes ( 13 March 1914 -- 18 October 1994 ) was a Spanish film actress .
Károly Pap ( September 24 , 1897 -- January 31 , 1945 ) was a Jewish - Hungarian writer .
Xabier Lete Bergaretxe ( Oiartzun , Gipuzkoa , April 5 , 1944 - Donostia , December 4 , 2010 ) was a Basque writer , poet , singer and politician .
François Béranger ( 1937 , Amilly , Loiret -- 2003 ) was a French singer .
Jean - Baptiste - Joseph Gobel ( 1 September 1727 -- 12 April 1794 ) was a French Roman Catholic cleric and politician of the Revolution .
Francesco Maria Richini ( also spelled Ricchini ) ( 9 February 1584 -- 24 April 1658 ) was an Italian Baroque architect .
Trần Văn Khê ( 24 July 1921 - 24 June 2015 ) was a Vietnamese musicologist , academic , writer , teacher and performer of traditional music .
Count Edward Bernard Raczyński ( December 19 , 1891 -- July 30 , 1993 ) was a Polish diplomat , writer , politician and President of Poland in exile ( between 1979 and 1986 ) .
Giulia Niccolai ( born 1934 ) is an Italian photographer , poet , novelist and translator .
Wilhelm Koenen ( April 7 , 1886 -- October 19 , 1963 ) was a communist and an East German politician .
Sebastian Petrycy of Pilzno ( 1554 - -1626 ) was a Polish philosopher and physician .
Philippe Tailliez ( French : ( tɑje ) ; 15 June 1905 , Malo - les - Bains -- 26 September 2002 , Toulon , France ) was a friend and colleague of Jacques Cousteau .
Francisco Alejandro Gattorno Sánchez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( fɾanˈsisko ɣaˈtorno ) ; born October 12 , 1964 ) , better known in the show business world plainly as Francisco Gattorno , is a Cuban - Mexican actor .
Natale Conti or Latin Natalis Comes , also Natalis de Comitibus and French Noël le Comte ( 1520 - -1582 ) was an Italian mythographer , poet , humanist and historian .
Lee Garim ( Hangul : 이가림 ; born 1943 ) is a South Korean writer .
Bartolomé de Torres Naharro ( c. 1485 , Torre de Miguel Sesmero , Extremadura -- c. 1530 ) was a Spanish dramatist and Leonese language writer of Jewish converso descent .
Helene Christaller ( ( ˈkʁɪstalɐ ) , née Heyer : 31 January 1872 , in Darmstadt -- 24 May 1953 , in Jugenheim / Bergstraße ) was a German Protestant writer mostly of youth books , especially for girls .
Eugenia Rico is a Spanish novelist , poet and journalist .
The Liber Memorialis is an ancient book in Latin featuring an extremely concise summary -- a kind of index -- of universal history from earliest times to the reign of Trajan .
Aldo Andreotti ( 15 March 1924 -- 21 February 1980 ) was an Italian mathematician who worked on algebraic geometry , on the theory of functions of several complex variables and on partial differential operators .
Anna Proclemer , sometimes credited Anna Vivaldi ( 30 May 1923 -- 25 April 2013 ) , was an Italian stage , film and television actress and voice actress .
George Bryant Britton ( 1863 -- 11 July 1929 ) was an English boot and shoe manufacturer and Liberal Party Member of Parliament .
Fra Serafino Razzi ( Marradi 1531 - Florence 1613 ) , was an Italian Dominican monk who in 1563 published a large collection of carnival songs in the lauda ( song ) genre .
Jean - Baptiste Belin de Fontenay I ( 1653 - -1715 ) , also called `` Jean - Baptiste Belin the Elder '' , was a French painter who specialized in flowers .
Moshe Vilenski ( Hebrew : משה וילנסקי‎ , also , `` Vilensky '' and `` Wilensky '' ; April 17 , 1910 -- January 2 , 1997 ) was a Polish - Israeli composer , lyricist , and pianist .
Petar Omčikus ( French : Pierre Omcikous ; Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Омчикус ) , Sušak , October 6 , 1926 ) is a Serbian painter and member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts , who lives and works in Paris , France .
Céleste Boursier - Mougenot ( born 1961 , Nice , France ) is a modern French artist .
Jean - Baptiste Rousseau ( 6 April 1671 -- 17 March 1741 ) was a French dramatist and poet , particularly noted for his short cynical epigrams .
Jean - François Cail ( 1804 - -1871 ) was a French entrepreneur and industrialist who was a key figure in French industrialization .
Máire Mullarney ( 1 September 1921 -- 18 August 2008 ) was an Irish environmentalist , educationalist and Esperanto advocate .
Diego Núñez de Avendaño was the son of the prominent Spanish jurist and author Pedro Núñez de Avendaño .
Albert Laprade ( 29 November 1883 - 9 May 1978 ) was a French architect , perhaps best known for the Palais de la Porte Dorée .
Georges de Feure ( real name Georges Joseph van Sluijters , 6 September 1868 -- 26 November 1943 ) was a French painter , theatrical designer , and industrial art designer in the symbolism and Art Nouveau styles .
Elvira Lindo ( born 23 January 1962 in Cádiz , Spain ) is a Spanish journalist and writer .
James Laver , CBE , FRSA ( 14 March 1899 -- 3 June 1975 ) was an English author , critic , art historian , and museum curator who acted as Keeper of Prints , Drawings and Paintings for the Victoria and Albert Museum between 1938 and 1959 .
Éric Charden ( born Jacques Puissant ; 15 October 1942 -- 29 April 2012 ) was a French singer and songwriter , most famous for his collaboration with Annie Gautrat alias Stone with whom he formed Stone et Charden .
Tell Aristide Frédéric Antoine Chapel ( July 1 , 1849 - August 11 , 1932 ) was a French General during World War I.
Christopher Wormell ( born 1955 ) is an English print - maker , principally known for his illustrated books .
Francisco Ribera ( 1537 - -1591 ) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian , identified with the Futurist Christian eschatological view .
Maciej Stryjkowski ( also referred to as Strykowski and Strycovius ; ca . 1547 -- ca . 1593 ) was a Polish historian , writer and a poet , notable as the author of Chronicle of Poland , Lithuania , Samogitia and all of Ruthenia ( 1582 ) .
Gerhard Benkowitz ( 2 June 1923 -- 29 June 1955 ) was a school teacher and a resistance activist against the one party dictatorship of the German Democratic Republic .
Andrea Bajani ( born August 16 , 1975 in Rome ) is an Italian writer and journalist .
Joseph Philippe de Clairville ( 1742 - -July 31 , 1830 ) was a notable French botanist and entomologist , who was mainly active in Switzerland .
James Essinger ( born 5 September 1957 ) is a freelance writer and British author of numerous financial and business management books , but may be best known for his book about the evolution of English language and spelling , Spellbound :
Jacques de Guyse ( Latin : Iacobus de Guisia ) ( 1334−1399 ) was a Franciscan monk and historian of the late 14th century .
Jaume Plensa ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈʒawmə ˈpɫɛnsə ) ; born 1955 ) is a Spanish artist and sculptor .
Tommaso Bisagno ( 5 April 1935 -- 18 January 2014 ) was an Italian academic and politician .
Serge Delaive ( born 1965 in Liège , Belgium ) is a poet and novelist writing in the French language .
Antonio Burgos Belinchón ( born 1943 in Seville , Spain ) is a Spanish traditionalist - conservative journalist , novelist , and multi - media writer .
Wilhelm Furtwängler ( January 25 , 1886 -- November 30 , 1954 ) was a German conductor and composer .
Roberto Calasso ( born 30 May 1941 in Florence ) is an Italian writer and publisher .
Sharankumar Limbale ( Marathi : शरणकुमार लिंबाळे ) ( born - June 1 , 1956 ) is a Marathi language author , poet and literary critic .
Mustafa Imamović ( born 1941 in Gradačac ) is a Bosnian historian of state and law .
Diego Medrano Fernández ( Oviedo , Spain , 1978 ) is a Spanish poet , narrator and regular columnist of Asturian newspaper El Comercio .
Maria Petre ( born August 15 , 1951 ) is a Romanian politician and economist , member of the Democratic Party ( PD ) , part of the European People 's Party--
P. K. Venukuttan Nair ( 1931 -- 26 November 2012 ) was an Indian theatre personality and Malayalam film actor .
Muddu Babu Shetty ( 1938 - -23 January 1982 ) , aka M. B. Shetty or Shetty , was an Indian stuntman and action choreographer cum actor in 1970s Hindi cinema .
Ingo Niermann ( born 1969 , Bielefeld , Germany ) is a German novelist , writer , and artist .
Jean - Baptiste du Casse ( August 2 , 1646 -- June 25 , 1715 ) was a French buccaneer , admiral , and colonial administrator who served throughout the Atlantic World during the 17th and 18th centuries .
Gérard Manset ( also known as Manset ; born 21 August 1945 in Saint - Cloud , Hauts - de - Seine ) is a French singer - songwriter , painter , photographer and writer .
Heinz - Günther Nesselrath ( 9 November 1957 in Jülich ) is a German philologist .
Roberto Lago Soto ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ro'βerto ' laɣo ' soto ) ; born 30 August 1985 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Getafe CF as a left back .
Joachim Latacz ( born 4 April 1934 ) is a German classical philologist .
Dan Petrașincu ( born Angelo Moretta , 2 June 1910 -- 1997 ) was an Italian - Romanian anthropologist , writer and translator .
Franco Sacchetti ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈfraŋko sakˈketti ) ; c. 1335 -- c. 1400 ) , was an Italian poet and novelist .
Monika Treut ( born April 6 , 1954 in Mönchengladbach , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany ) is a German lesbian filmmaker .
Lin Shaohua ( simplified Chinese : 林少华 ; traditional Chinese : 林少華 ; pinyin : Lín Shàohuá ; born 1952 ) is a Chinese translator and author .
Billy Collins attended Archbishop Stepinac High School in White Plains and received a B.A. in English from the College of the Holy Cross in 1963 ; he received his M.A. and Ph . D in Romantic Poetry from the University of California , Riverside .
Moolchand was a prolific character actor in Hindi and Panjabi cinema who was active from 1950 to his death in the late-1980s .
Gervase Phinn ( born 27 December 1946 , Rotherham , South Yorkshire , England ) is an English author and educator .
Jacques Mesrine ( French pronunciation : ​(mesʁin ) ; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November 1979 ) was a French criminal .
Sébastien Chabal , born 8 December 1977 in Valence , Drôme , is a retired French rugby union player .
Xu Zhimo ( Chinese : 徐志摩 ; pinyin : Xú Zhìmó ; Wade -- Giles : Hsü Chih - mo , January 15 , 1897 -- November 19 , 1931 ) was an early 20th - century Chinese poet .
Clément Juglar ( 15 October 1819 -- 28 February 1905 ) was a French doctor and statistician .
Maja Classen ( born December 28 , 1974 in Heidelberg ) is a German film director and screenwriter , primarily known for her 2006 documentary on the Berlin techno scene , Feiern .
Jacques - Philippe Le Bas or Lebas ( 8 July 1707 - 14 April 1783 ) was a French engraver .
Birgit Hein ( born August 6 , 1942 ) is a German film director , producer and screenwriter who has made experimental films with her husband Wilhelm Hein since the 1960s .
Joseph Bonnet ( 17 March 1884 -- 2 August 1944 ) was a French composer and organist .
Heinz Berggruen ( 6 January 1914 -- 23 February 2007 ) was a German art dealer and collector who sold 165 works of art to the German federal government to form the core of the Berggruen Museum in Berlin , Germany .
Marc - Théodore Bourrit came of a family which was of French origin but had taken refuge at Geneva for reasons connected with religion .
Charles Lalo ( 24 February 1877 -- 1 April 1953 ) was a French writer on aesthetics .
Lara Comi ( born 18 February 1983 ) is an Italian Member of European Parliament .
Pepe Moreno ( born 1959 , given name : Saturnino ) is a Spanish comic book artist , writer and video game developer who has been drawing professionally in Spain , other countries in Europe and in the US since the 1970s .
Rudolf Oeser ( 13 November 1858 - 3 June 1926 ) was a German journalist and liberal politician .
Bidia Dandaron ( Vidyadhara , Russian : Бидия Дандарович Дандарон ) ( December 28 , 1914 , Soorkhoi , Kizhinga , Buryatia -- October 26 , 1974 , Vydrino , Buryatia ) was a major Buddhist author and teacher in the USSR .
Carlos Fradique Mendes is a fictional Portuguese adventurer .
Étienne Balibar ( born 23 April 1942 ) is a French philosopher and a Distinguished Professor of French & Italian and Comparative Literature at the University of California Irvine .
Peter Angermann ( born 1945 in Rehau , Bavaria ) is a German painter based in Nuremberg .
Eija - Riitta Korhola ( née Nieminen , born on 15 June 1959 in Lahti ) is a Finnish politician and former Member of the European Parliament .
Frederick William Beechey ( 17 February 1796 -- 29 November 1856 ) was an English naval officer and geographer .
Fabrizio Gatti ( born 9 March 1966 ) is an Italian investigative journalist and author .
Fabio Volo , pseudonym of Fabio Bonetti , ( born 23 June 1972 ) is an Italian writer , actor , voice acting , radio and television presenter and screenwriter .
Henry Hoare II ( 1705 - -1785 ) , known as Henry the Magnificent , was an English banker and garden owner - designer .
Ferenc Erkel ( Hungarian : Erkel Ferenc Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɛrkɛl ˈfɛrɛnt͡s ) , German : Franz Erkel ; November 7 , 1810 -- June 15 , 1893 ) was a Hungarian composer , conductor and pianist .
Valéry Mayet ( 2 January 1839 , Lyon -- 1909 ) was a French entomologist .
Alonso Miguel de Tovar , sometimes ( less correctly ) called Tobar ( 1678 - -1758 ) was a Spanish baroque painter , appointed court painter by Philip V in 1723 .
Harvey J. Graff ( born June 19 , 1949 ) is a comparative social historian as well as a professor of English and History at Ohio State University .
Erik Bánki ( born May 26 , 1970 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from 1998 to 2012 and since 2014 .
Shinichi Hoshi ( 星 新一 Hoshi Shin'ichi , September 6 , 1926 -- December 30 , 1997 ) was a Japanese novelist and science fiction writer .
Louis de Bouillé ( Martinique , 1 May 1769 - 20 November 1850 ) was a French general .
Guido Baccelli ( 1830 - 1916 ) was an Italian physician and statesman .
Aksel Jørgensen ( 1883 - -1957 ) was a Danish painter and wood engraver .
Marcus Birro ( born 15 June 1972 in Göteborg , Sweden ) is a Swedish - Italian ( Italian citizen ) poet , author and columnist .
Djida Tazdaït ( born April 8 , 1957 in Timri Tala - Tazert , French Algeria ) is a French activist who seated in the European Parliament from 1989 to 1994 .
Thomas Rainsborough ( 1610 -- 29 October 1648 ) , or Rainborowe , was a prominent figure in the English Civil War , and was the leading spokesman for the Levellers in the Putney Debates .
Harold Orton ( 23 October 1898 -- 7 March 1975 ) was a Dialectologist and Professor of English Language and Medieval Literature at the University of Leeds .
In 1992 the federal state of North Rhine - Westphalia and WDR ( West German broadcasting corporation ) managed to get Dieter Kosslick to come from Hamburg to the Rhine to head up the barely one - year - old `` Filmstiftung NRW '' as its executive director .
Ugo Pirro ( April 20 , 1920 -- January 18 , 2008 ) was an Italian screenwriter and novelist .
Olga Scheinpflugová ( 3 December 1902 -- 13 April 1968 ) was a Czech actress and writer .
Robert Franz Schmidt ( born 16 September 1932 in Ludwigshafen ) is a German physiologist and professor emeritus .
Jean Barbeyrac ( French : ( baʁbɛʁak ) ; 15 March 1674 -- 3 March 1744 ) was a French jurist .
Francesco Borromini , byname of Francesco Castelli ( 25 September 1599 -- 2 August 1667 ) , was an Italian architect born in today 's Ticino who , with his contemporaries Gian Lorenzo Bernini and Pietro da Cortona , was a leading figure in the emergence of Roman Baroque architecture .
Alberto Juzdado López ( born August 20 , 1966 in Madrid ) is a Spanish long - distance runner .
Cezar Baltag ( 26 July 1939 in Mălineşti - Hotin -- 26 May 1997 in Bucharest ) was a Romanian poet .
Baron Béla Bánhidy de Simánd ( February 17 , 1836 -- June 18 , 1890 ) was a Hungarian politician and Member of Parliament .
Karl Otto Paetel ( 23 November 1906 , Berlin -- 4 May 1975 , New York ) was a German political journalist .
Carl Julius Fritzsche ( 17 October 1808 , Neustadt -- 8 June 1871 ) was a German pharmacist and chemist .
Jean Léonard Marie Poiseuille ( French : ( pwazœj ) ; 22 April 1797 -- 26 December 1869 ) was a French physicist and physiologist .
Robert Strother Stewart ( 16 May 1878 -- 15 November 1954 ) was an English lawyer , colonial judge and Liberal Party politician .
Sven Olof Joachim Palme ( Swedish : Olof Palme ; pronounced ( ˈʊlɔf palˈmɛ ) ; 30 January 1927 -- 28 February 1986 ) was a Swedish Social Democratic politician , statesman and prime minister .
Roberto Cassinelli ( born December 10 , 1956 ) is an Italian politician and lawyer , Member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies .
Hella Wuolijoki ( née Ella Marie Murrik ; July 22 , 1886 -- February 2 , 1954 ) , known by the pen name Juhani Tervapää , was an Estonian - born Finnish writer known for her Niskavuori series .
Azad Bilgrami ( 1704 - 1786 ) was a scholar of Arabic , Persian and Urdu languages in 18th century India .
Sevda Sevan ( Armenian : Սևդա Սևան , November 6 , 1945 - May 16 , 2009 ) was a prominent Armenian - Bulgarian writer , the Ambassador of Armenia in Bulgaria from 1994 to 2005 .
Georges Pallu ( 1869 - 1948 ) was a French screenwriter and film director active in the silent and early sound eras .
Priya Raman is a Malayalam actress and film producer .
Rajanala Nageswara Rao better known as R. Nageswara Rao ( Telugu : రాజనాల నాగేశ్వరరావు ) ( 1928 - -1959 ) was a famous Telugu film actor .
Madeleine Pelletier ( 18 May 1874 -- 29 December 1939 ) was a French physician , psychiatrist , first - wave feminist , and socialist activist .
Grażyna Miller ( Jedwabne , 29 January 1957 -- 17 August 2009 ) was a Polish poet and translator who lived in Italy .
Archana Joglekar is an Indian actress and classical dancer who has appeared in numerous Marathi and Hindi films and television serials .
Liu Yumin ( simplified Chinese : 刘玉民 ; traditional Chinese : 劉玉民 ; pinyin : Liǘ Yùmín ; born February 1951 ) is a Chinese novelist who was the vice president of Shandong Literature and Art Association .
Johannes Zorn ( 1739 Kempten - 1799 ) was a German pharmacist , botanist and botanical illustrator .
Hans Knappertsbusch ( 12 March 1888 -- 25 October 1965 ) was a German conductor , best known for his performances of the music of Richard Wagner , Anton Bruckner and Richard Strauss as well as his unique public persona and conducting style .
Benjamin Brierley ( often known as Ben Brierley ) ( 26 June 1825 -- 18 January 1896 ) was an English weaver and writer in Lancashire dialect .
Đuro Daničić ( born Đorđe Popović ; Serbian Cyrillic : Ђуро Даничић , pronounced ( dʑǔːrɔ dânit͡ʃit͡ɕ ) ; April 4 , 1825 -- November 17 , 1882 ) , was a Serbian and Croatian philologist , translator , linguistic historian and lexicographer .
Jonathan Castro Otto ( born 3 March 1994 ) , commonly known as Jonny , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Celta de Vigo as a right or left back .
Ingrid Mathilda Malling ( early pseudonym Stella Kleve ) was a Swedish novelist born January 20 , 1864 , on Oskar Farm in southern Sweden and died in Copenhagen in 1942 .
Jean - Jacques Lebel is a French artist , poet , poetry publisher , political activist and scholar born in Paris in 1936 .
Pedro Erquicia López de Montenegro ( born 24 March 1943 in San Sebastián ) is a Spanish journalist and news anchor .
Giulio Alessandrini ( Latin Julius Alexandrinus or Julius Alexandrinus von Neustein ; 1506 -- 25 August 1590 ) was an Italian physician , author , and poet .
Fritz Köster ( February 2 , 1855 -- 1934 ) was a German anarchist editor and trade unionist .
Giovanni Antonio Magini ( in Latin , Maginus ) ( 13 June 1555 -- 11 February 1617 ) was an Italian astronomer , astrologer , cartographer , and mathematician .
Jean - Antoine Gleizes ( 1773 - -1843 ) was a French writer and advocate of vegetarianism .
Orfeo Boselli , or Bosselli , ( 1597 - -1667 ) was an Italian sculptor working in Rome .
Ludwig Loewe ( November 27 , 1837 -- September 11 , 1886 ) was a German merchant , manufacturer , philanthropist and a member of the Reichstag .
Seweryn Chomet , FInstP ( 6 May 1930 in Drohobycz , Poland -- 24 July 2009 in London , England ) was a physicist , author , journalist , historian , publisher , prolific translator of Russian scientific journals into English , and former visiting research fellow of King 's College London .
John Olav Egeland ( born 2 November 1951 ) is a Norwegian journalist and editor .
Adolphe Perraud ( 7 February 1828 -- 18 February 1906 ) was a French Cardinal and academician .
Enrique González Morales , better known as Quique González , is a Spanish singer / songwriter known throughout the continent for his approachable and natural writing style .
Tor Obrestad ( born 12 February 1938 ) is a Norwegian novelist , poet and documentary writer .
Louis Claude Noisette ( 2 November 1772 at Chatillon - 9 January 1849 ) was a French botanist and agronomist , son of Joseph Noisette , gardener to the Count of Provence , the future Louis XVIII .
Henry Harvey Vivian ( 20 April 1868 -- 30 May 1930 ) was an English trade unionist , and Liberal Party politician and campaigner for industrial democracy and co - partnership , especially noted for his work in co - partnership housing .
Pierre Séguier ( French : ( pjɛʁ seɡje ) ; 28 May 1588 -- 28 January 1672 ) was a French statesman , chancellor of France from 1635 .
Alberto Basso ( born Turin , 21 August 1931 ) is an Italian musicologist .
The Professor of English at University College London , John Mullan , has written : `` In Spitting Image and probably the middle - class imagination , Norman Tebbit was given an Essex drag on his vowels which he hardly possessed .
Sirkka - Liisa Konttinen ( b.27 March 1948 ) is a Finnish photographer who has worked in Britain since the 1960s .
In September 2014 , the Anna Kavan Society organized a one - day symposium at the Institute of English Studies in association with Liverpool John Moores University Research Centre for Literature and Cultural History and Peter Owen Publishers .
Bilge Umar ( born 1936 ) is a Turkish writer , researcher and jurist born in Karşıyaka , İzmir in Turkey .
Menachem Elon ( Hebrew : מנחם אלון ) ( November 1 , 1923 -- February 6 , 2013 ) was an Israeli jurist and Professor of Law specializing in Mishpat Ivri , Orthodox rabbi , and a prolific author on traditional Jewish law ( halakha ) .
Nacho Barahona ( born in Madrid ) is a Spanish film editor with over 225 TV series episodes , 14 short films , numerous advertisements and 3 documentaries to his credit , as well as 8 nominations and awards in film - making .
Mohamed Talbi ( Arabic : محمد الطالبي‎ ) , ( born in Tunis , September 16 , 1921 ) is a Tunisian historian and professor .
Anthony Rich ( 1803 -- 4 April 1891 ) was an English solicitor , author , antiquary and gentleman .
Đinh Trọng Đoàn , pen name Ma Văn Kháng ( Đống Đa , Hanoi , 1 December 1936 ) is a Vietnamese writer .
John Brailsford the elder ( fl . 1712 - 1739 ) , was an English poet .
Albert Messiah ( 23 September 1921 , Nice -- 17 April 2013 ) was a French physicist .
Joan Margarit i Consarnau ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈan mərɣəˈɾit i kunsərˈnaw ) ) ( born in Sanaüja , May 11 , 1938 ) is a Catalan poet , architect and retired Professor .
Arnaldo Azzi ( 23 December 1885 , Ceneselli - 25 November 1957 ) was an Italian general and politician .
Shernaz Patel is an Indian film and theatre actor , who works in Hindi and English films , most known for her roles in films like Black ( 2005 ) and Guzaarish ( 2010 ) and English language theatre in Mumbai .
Henrik Fexeus ( born September 29 , 1971 in Örebro , Sweden ) is a Swedish mentalist , author and TV - host .
Albert Mathiez ( 10 January 1874 , La Bruyère , Haute - Saône -- 25 February 1932 ) was a French historian , known for his Marxist interpretation of the French Revolution .
Marie - Dominique Philippe ( September 8 , 1912 in Nord ( French department ) -- August 26 , 2006 in Loire ) was a Dominican philosopher and theologian .
Alberto Sansimena Chamorro ( born 26 May 1985 ) , known as Tete , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cypriot club AEK Larnaca F.C. as a winger .
Edward Rider Cook ( 4 June 1836 -- 21 August 1898 ) was an English soap manufacturer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1886 .
Manuela Gretkowska ( 6 October 1964 ) is a Polish writer , screenwriter and politician .
Wawrzyniec Grzymała Goślicki ( Latin : Laurentius Grimaldius Goslicius ; between 1530 and 1540 -- 31 October 1607 ) was a Polish nobleman , Bishop of Poznań ( 1601 - -1607 ) , political thinker and philosopher best known for his book De optimo senatore ( 1568 ) .
Jean - Claude Killy ( born 30 August 1943 ) also known as Gilette is a former French World Cup alpine ski racer .
Odoardo Fialetti ( May 18 , 1573 - 1638 ? ) was an Italian painter and printmaker who began his training during the late Renaissance , and showed distinct mannerist sensibilities in his mid - career , adopting a much looser and more dynamic style in his later life .
Joseph Addison ( 1 May 1672 -- 17 June 1719 ) was an English essayist , poet , playwright , and politician .
Robert Hugh Benson AFSC KC*SG KGCHS ( 18 November 1871 -- 19 October 1914 ) was an English Anglican priest who in 1903 was received into the Roman Catholic Church in which he was ordained priest in 1904 .
García de Toledo Osorio , 6th Marquis of Villafranca , ( 25 April 1579 in Naples -- 21 January 1649 in Madrid ) , Prince of Montalbano , 3rd Duke of Fernandina was a Spanish - Italian nobleman , military and a Grandee of Spain .
Grażyna Chrostowska ( 20 September 1921 , Lublin - 18 April 1942 , Ravensbrück ) , was a Polish poet and an activist of the Polish underground during the Second World War .
Francesc Eiximenis ( ) ( OFM ) was a Franciscan Catalan writer who lived in the 14th - century Crown of Aragon .
Stanley Tiffany CBE ( 11 June 1908 -- 19 March 1971 ) was an English Labour Co - operative politician .
Philibert Joseph Roux ( April 26 , 1780 -- March 24 , 1854 ) was a French surgeon born in Auxerre .
Peter Schlechtriem ( March 2 , 1933 in Jena -- April 23 , 2007 in Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was a German jurisprudential scholar .
Biju Menon ( born 9 September 1970 ) is an Indian film actor who has starred in over a 100 Malayalam films , along with a couple of Tamil and Telugu films .
Janice Rebibo ( née Silverman ; January 31 , 1950 -- March 11 , 2015 ) was an American - born Israeli poet who began writing in Hebrew in the mid-1980s .
Count Nicolò Carandini ( December 6 , 1896 -- March 18 , 1972 ) was the first Italian ambassador to Britain after World War II .
Aelius Festus Aphthonius was a Latin grammarian of the 4th or 5th century , possibly of African origin , and considered to be one of the most important classical rhetoricians .
Milan Rúfus ( December 10 , 1928 -- January 11 , 2009 ) was a Slovak poet , essayist , translator , children 's writer and academic .
Francisco Agustín Silvela y Blanco ( August 28 , 1803 -- September 20 , 1857 ) was a Spanish exile who returned to become a prominent lawyer and politician following the turmoil after the Peninsular War and restoration of the House of Bourbon in Spain following the French occupation .
Edward Smith - Stanley , 13th Earl of Derby KG ( 21 April 1775 -- 30 June 1851 ) , styled Lord Stanley from 1776 to 1832 and known as The Lord Stanley from 1832 to 1834 , was an English politician , landowner , builder , farmer , art collector and naturalist .
Victor Banerjee ( born Partho Sarathi Banerjee , 15 October 1946 ) is an Indian actor who appears in English , Hindi , Bengali and Assamese language films .
William Wilkie Collins ( 8 January 1824 -- 23 September 1889 ) was an English novelist , playwright , and short story writer .
Mieczysław Jastrun born as Mojsze Agatstein ( 29 October 1903 -- 22 February 1983 ) was a Polish poet and essayist of Jewish origin .
Louis - Anne - Jean Brocq ( February 1 , 1856 -- December 18 , 1928 ) was a French dermatologist born in Laroque - Timbaut , a village in the department of Lot - et - Garonne .
Pierre Lhande Heguy ( Basque : Pierre Allande Hegi ) was born in Bayonne , France on 9 July 1877 and died 17 April 1957 in Tardets , Soule .
Sir Samuel Morland , 1st Baronet ( 1625 -- 30 December 1695 ) , or Moreland , was an English academic , diplomat , spy , inventor and mathematician of the 17th century , a polymath credited with early developments in relation to computing , hydraulics and steam power .
Devendra Satyarthi ( 1908 - 2003 ) was an Indian folklorist and writer of Hindi , Urdu , Punjabi literature .
Victoria , Lady Welby ( 1837 - -1912 ) , more correctly Lady Welby - Gregory , was a self - educated English philosopher of language , musician and water - colour artist .
Charles Edward Horn ( 21 June 1786 -- 21 October 1849 ) was an English composer and singer .
Borja Cobeaga Eguillor ( born in 1977 ) is a Spanish film director and screenwriter .
Mahmut Celâl Bayar ( 16 May 1883 -- 22 August 1986 ) was a Turkish politician , statesman , and the third President of Turkey .
Ahmed Abdel Muti Hijazi ( Arabic : أحمد عبد المعطي حجازي‎ ) ( born in 1935 in Al - Menoufiya , Egypt ) is an Egyptian contemporary poet .
Luis Antonio García Navarro ( 30 April 1941 in Chiva , Valencian Community , Spain -- 10 October 2001 in Madrid , Spain ) , was a Spanish conductor .
Friedrich Marx ( April 22 , 1859 -- October 17 , 1941 ) was a German classical philologist born in Bessungen -- today part of the city of Darmstadt .
Bassam Frangieh ( Arabic : بسام فرنجيه ) is a scholar of contemporary Arabic literature and culture .
Manfred Schnelldorfer ( born 2 May 1943 in Munich , Bavaria , Germany ) is a German figure skater , and a World and Olympic champion .
Folke Lars - Olov Strömstedt , ( 23 May 1935 , Gävle - 4 July 2009 ) , better known as Lasse Strömstedt , was a Swedish writer who wrote of and about his own life in prison and drug abuse .
Jean - Pierre Talbot ( French : ( talbo ) ; born 12 August 1943 ) is a Belgian actor , best known for his lead role of Tintin in the movies Tintin and the Golden Fleece and Tintin and the Blue Oranges .
Karl Dönitz ( German : ( ˈdøːnɪts ) ; 16 September 1891 -- 24 December 1980 ) was a German admiral who played a major role in the Naval history of World War II . Dönitz succeeded Adolf Hitler as the head of state of Germany .
Nicolae Iorga ( Romanian pronunciation : ( nikoˈla.e ˈjorɡa ) ; sometimes Neculai Iorga , Nicolas Jorga , Nicolai Jorga or Nicola Jorga , born Nicu N. Iorga ; January 17 , 1871 -- November 27 , 1940 ) was a Romanian historian , politician , literary critic , memoirist , poet and playwright .
Christian Tramitz ( born 29 July 1955 in Munich ) is a German - Austrian actor , comedian , voice actor and author .
Sir Geoffrey Wilkinson FRS ( 14 July 1921 -- 26 September 1996 ) was a Nobel laureate English chemist who pioneered inorganic chemistry and homogeneous transition metal catalysis .
Iftikhar Hussain , popularly known by his pen name Muztar Khairabadi ( Urdu : مضطر خیرآبادی‎ ) ( born 1862 - -died 1927 ) , was an Indian Urdu poet .
Moritz Pasch ( 8 November 1843 , Breslau , Prussia ( now Wrocław , Poland ) -- 20 September 1930 , Bad Homburg , Germany ) was a German mathematician specializing in the foundations of geometry .
Ludwig Eichrodt ( February 2 , 1827 , Durlach bei Karlsruhe -- February 2 , 1892 , Lahr ) was a German poet and dramatist .
Sebastián de Eslava y Lazaga ( 1684 in Enériz , Navarre -- June 21 , 1759 in Madrid ) was a Spanish general and colonial official .
Alfred Weber ( 30 July 1868 -- 2 May 1958 ) was a German economist , geographer , sociologist and theoretician of culture whose work was influential in the development of modern economic geography .
Henri Marie Bouley ( 17 May 1814 -- 2 December 1885 ) was a pioneering French veterinarian and pathologist .
Pierre Hadot ( French : ( ado ) ; February 21 , 1922 -- April 24 , 2010 ) was a French philosopher and historian of philosophy specializing in ancient philosophy , particularly Neoplatonism .
Esad Mekuli ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Есад Мекули ) ( 17 December 1916 , Plav , Kingdom of Montenegro -- 6 August 1993 , Pristina , FR Yugoslavia ) was an Albanian poet and scholar .
Carl Benedict Hase ( French : Charles Benoît Hase ; May 11 , 1780 -- March 21 , 1864 ) , French Hellenist , of German extraction , was born at Sulza near Naumburg .
Joachim Hoffmann ( December 1 , 1930 -- February 8 , 2002 ) was a German historian and scientific director of the German Armed Forces Military History Research Office .
Alejandra Lazcano ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aleˈxandɾa lasˈkano ) ; born on December 31 , 1984 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress known for her roles in soap operas , like Acorralada and Pobre Diabla .
Gabriel Loire ( April 21 , 1904 -- December 25 , 1996 ) was a French stained glass artist of the twentieth century whose extensive works , portraying various persons or historical scenes , appear in many venues around the world .
Antonio Fernández Bordas ( 1870 - -1950 ) was a Spanish violinist and musical teacher .
Gérard Moussay ( 16 August 1932 , Brecé ( Mayenne - 1 February 2012 in Paris ) was a French catholic missionary . He was also a specialist on Cam and Minangkabau languages .
Tadeusz Kantor ( 6 April 1915 -- 8 December 1990 ) was a Polish painter , assemblage artist , set designer and theatre director .
Franz Johann Joseph Bock ( 1823 - -1899 ) was a German theologian , archaeologist , and art historian .
Alf Larsen ( 22 July 1885 , Tjøme -- 12 December 1967 ) was a Norwegian poet , essayist and magazine editor .
Niels Henrik Abel ( Norwegian : ( ˈɑːbɛl ) ; 5 August 1802 -- 6 April 1829 ) was a Norwegian mathematician who made pioneering contributions in a variety of fields .
Teja Singh ( Punjabi : ਤੇਜਾ ਸਿੰਘ ) was an Indian Sikh scholar , teacher , author and translator .
Robert Liddell ( 13 October 1908 -- 23 July 1992 ) was an English literary critic , biographer , novelist , travel writer and poet .
Eloísa Gómez - Lucena is a Spanish contemporary writer .
Jean Gaspard de Vence ( 6 April 1747 -- 12 March 1808 ) was a French privateer , admiral and Maritime Prefect of Toulon .
Jean Baptiste Gustave Planche ( 16 February 1808 -- 18 September 1857 ) was a French art and literary critic .
Andrzej Kot ( 21 November 1946 , Lublin ) is a Polish designer , calligrapher , typesetter , typographer , book illustrator .
Leandro Carro Hernáez ( 1890 - -1967 ) was a Spanish communist leader who was active in the Communist Party of the Basque Country before the Spanish Civil War ( 1936 - -39 ) , and later was a member of the Basque government in exile .
Jesús Javier Corpas Mauleón is a Spanish writer born in Estella , Navarre , Spain .
Jean de La Chapelle ( 24 October 1651 -- 29 May 1723 ) was a French writer and dramatist .
Shiv Pandit made his screen debut in 2011 with the critically & commercially successful Hindi film ' Shaitan ' where he got noticed and was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut .
Charles Edmund Brock ( 5 February 1870 -- 28 February 1938 ) was a widely published English line artist and book illustrator , who signed his work C. E. Brock .
Joaquín Bau Nolla was born to a bourgeoisie Catalan family .
Élian Périz Toyas ( born 1 April 1984 ) is a Spanish runner who specializes in the 800 metres .
Adriana Louvier ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈðɾjana luˈβjer ) ; born Adriana Louvier Vargas on September 18 , 1980 in Mexico City , Mexico ) , is a Mexican actress and TV presenter .
Claude Garache ( born 1929 or 1930 ) is a French artist .
Włodzimierz Perzyński ( 1877 - 1930 ) was a Polish writer and dramatist , who was a member of the Young Poland movement .
Born in Paris , Véronique Tadjo was the daughter of an Ivorian civil servant and a French painter and sculptor .
Augustin de Beaulieu ( 1589 - -1637 ) was a French general , who in 1619 led an armed expedition to the East Indies composed of three ships ( 275 crews , 106 cannons ) and called the `` Fleet of Montmorency '' , after its sponsor the Admiral Montmorency .
Louis - Ernest Barrias ( 13 April 1841 -- 4 February 1905 ) was a French sculptor of the Beaux - Arts school .
Jean - Baptiste Fossin ( 1786 - -1848 ) was a French silver and goldsmith and jeweler .
Éric Halphen ( born 10 October 1959 ) is a French judge best known as the investigating magistrate in the Parisian low - cost housing scandals of the 1990s .
Jean Alexandre Buchon ( 21 May 1791 -- 29 August 1849 ) was a French scholar born at Menetou - Salon ( Cher ) .
Max Seydewitz ( December 19 , 1892 -- February 8 , 1987 ) was a German politician ( SPD , SAPD and SED ) .
Roberto de Mattei ( born 21 February 1948 , in Rome , Italy , Europe ) is an Italian Roman Catholic historian and author .
Mario Brelich ( 1910 - 1982 ) was an Italian author born in Budapest to an Italian father and Hungarian mother .
Magdalena Álvarez Arza Is Spanish Politician , who from 2004 to 2009 served as Minister of Public Works ( Fomento ) .
Helene Ahrweiler , née Glykatzi ( Greek : Ελένη Γλύκατζη-Αρβελέρ ; French : Hélène Ahrweiler , pronounced : ( aʁvɛlɛʁ ) ) is an eminent Greek university professor and Byzantinologist .
John Turner Hopwood ( 1829 -- 1 Jan 1900 ) was an English Conservative Party politician , and barrister .
Dieter Dorn ( born 31 October 1935 in Leipzig ) is a German theatre director , also for the opera , the manager of the Münchner Kammerspiele from 1983 to 2001 and now manager of the Bavarian Staatsschauspiel .
Giuseppe Jappelli ( 14 May 1783 -- 8 May 1852 ) was an Italian neoclassic architect and engineer who was born and died in Venice .
Utpal Dutt ( Bengali : উৎপল দত্ত Utpôl Dôtto , listen ) ( 29 March 1929 -- 19 August 1993 ) was an Indian actor , director , and writer - playwright .
Joseph ben Abraham Gikatilla ( 1248 -- after 1305 ) ( Hebrew : יוסף בן אברהם ג'יקטיליה‎ , Spanish : Chiquitilla , `` the little '' ) was a Spanish kabbalist , student of Abraham Abulafia .
Juan Antonio Cebrián ( 1965 - -2007 ) was a Spanish journalist , writer and broadcaster .
Rosendo Mercado Ruiz ( born 23 February 1954 , Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish rock singer and songwriter .
Ignacio José de Allende y Unzaga ( January 21 , 1769 -- June 26 , 1811 ) , born Ignacio Allende y Unzaga , was a captain of the Spanish Army in Mexico who came to sympathize with the Mexican independence movement .
Isabella Camera d'Afflitto is an Italian academic and translator .
Stefano Stefani ( Vicenza , 29 September 1938 ) is an Italian politician and leading member of the regional secessionist Liga Veneta--
René Rapin ( 1621 - -1687 ) was a French Jesuit and writer .
Sir Matthew Decker , 1st Baronet ( 1679 -- 18 March 1749 ) was an English merchant and writer on trade .
Michel Fourniret ( born 4 April 1942 ) is a convicted French serial killer who confessed in June and July 2004 to kidnapping , raping and murdering nine girls in a span of 14 years from the 1980s to the 2000s .
Alice Albinia ( born London , 1976 ) is an English journalist and author whose first book , Empires of the Indus , won several awards .
Robert Cibis ( born 21 March 1973 ) is a German film director and film producer .
Antoni Ribas i Piera ( 27 October 1935 -- 3 October 2007 ) was a Catalan Spanish film director and screenwriter .
Philip III of Spain ( Spanish : Felipe III `` el piadoso '' ; 14 April 1578 -- 31 March 1621 ) was King of Spain ( as Philip III in Castile and Philip II in Aragon ) and Portugal ( Portuguese : Filipe II ) .
Veljo Tormis ( born 7 August 1930 in Kuusalu ) is an Estonian composer , regarded as one of the greatest living choral composers and one of the most important composers of the 20th century in Estonia .
Awnsham Churchill ( 1658 - -1728 ) was an English bookseller and Whig radical , a Member of Parliament in the reign of Queen Anne .
Joseph Eyles ( c.1690 - -1740 ) , of Bishopsgate , London , was an English politician and son of Sir Francis Eyles , 1st Baronet ( died 1716 ) .
Laura Freixas ( born 1958 ) is a Spanish novelist , short story writer , and newspaper columnist .
Marie - Esprit - Léon Walras ( French : ( valʁas ) ; December 16 , 1834 -- January 5 , 1910 ) was a French mathematical economist .
Kaori Ekuni ( 江國 香織 Ekuni Kaori , born 21 March 1964 ) is a Japanese author .
Nicoletta Vallorani ( born 1959 ) is an Italian science fiction writer .
Marie - Célie Agnant ( born 1953 , Port - au - Prince , Haiti ) is a French - speaking Quebecer , who has lived in Canada since 1970 .
Maria Konopnicka ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmarʲa kɔnɔpˈɲit͡ska ) ) née Wasiłowska ( May 23 , 1842 -- October 8 , 1910 ) was a Polish poet , novelist , writer for children and youth , a translator , journalist and critic , as well as an activist for women 's rights and Polish independence .
Professor Eberhard Kolb ( born 8 August 1933 , Stuttgart ) is a historian , best known for his research of the German history of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
Murali Mohan Maganti ( Telugu : మురళి మోహన్ మాగంటి ) ( born 24 June 1940 ) is an Indian film actor , producer , politician and a business executive from Telugu cinema .
Francesco Molinari - Pradelli ( born July 4 , 1911 Bologna , died July 8 , 1996 Bologna ) was a prominent Italian opera conductor .
Fulgencio Coll Bucher ( born July 18 , 1948 ) is a Spanish general who served as Chief of the General Staff of the Spanish Army .
Werner Nachtigall ( born June 7 , 1934 in Saaz , Czechoslovakia ) is a German zoologist and biologist .
Taqi al - Din Muhammad ibn Ahmad al - Fasi ( Arabic : تقي الدين أبي الطيب محمد بن أحمد الفاسي‎ , 1373 CE/775 AH -- 1429 CE/832 AH ) was a Muslim scholar , hafith , faqih , historian , and Maliki qadi ( judge ) in Mecca .
Bengt Hambraeus ( b. Stockholm , Sweden , January 29 , 1928 ; d. Glen Roy , Ontario , ( in Glengarry County ) , near Montreal , Quebec , Canada , September 21 , 2000 ) was a Swedish organist , composer and musicologist .
Meghana Raj is an Indian film actress , who works mainly in Malayalam and Kannada films and occasionally in the other South Indian languages .
Christian Hoffmann von Hoffmannswaldau ( baptised December 25 , 1616 -- April 4 , 1679 ) was a German poet of the Baroque era .
John Scott - Waring ( at first John Scott ) ( 1747 - -1819 ) was an English political agent of Warren Hastings , publicist and Member of Parliament .
Juan O'Neylle ( 1765 -- February 24 , 1809 ) was a Spanish Field Marshal ( Mariscal ) of Spanish - Irish descent .
Francisco Aguirre de la Hoz ( born 1943 , in Ávila , Spain ) is a Spanish lawyer and former politician .
Javier Cercas ( born 1962 in Ibahernando ) is a writer and professor of Spanish literature at the University of Girona , Spain .
Heinrich Decimator ( c. 1544 , Gifhorn - 1615 ) was a German Protestant theologian , astronomer and linguist of Mühlhausen in Thuringen .
Léon Pignon ( April 19 , 1908 -- April 4 , 1976 ) was the French high commissioner in Indochina from October 1948 until December 1950 .
Ralf Rothmann ( born May 10 , 1953 in Schleswig , Schleswig - Holstein ) is a German novelist , poet , and dramatist .
Uwe Nettelbeck ( 7 August 1940 -- 17 January 2007 ) was a German record producer , journalist and film critic .
Jacques de Vaucanson ( February 24 , 1709 -- November 21 , 1782 ) was a French inventor and artist who was responsible for the creation of impressive and innovative automata and machines such as the first completely automated loom .
Anabela Basalo ( Serbian : Анабела Басало ) ( born September 4 , 1972 in Zenica , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian writer .
Anna Ovena Hoyer ( born : Anke Hanß , aka Anna Ovena Hoyers , Swedish : Anna Orena Höijer ) ( Koldenbüttel on Ejdersted peninsula 1584 -- 27 November 1655 ) was a writer and poet , originally German ; active in Sweden from 1632 .
Gloria Campobello - la primera ballerina de México ( Spanish ) , 1991 , ISBN 968 - 29 - 3357 - 9
Tommy Fallot ( 4 October 1844 -- 3 September 1904 ) was a French pastor who is known as the founder of Social Christianity in France .
Emanuele Severino ( February 26 , 1929 in Brescia , Italy ) is one of the most important contemporary Italian philosophers .
Giuseppe Sarti ( also Sardi ; baptised 1 December 1729 -- 28 July 1802 ) was an Italian opera composer .
Pedro Cornejo de Pedrosa ( Salamanca , Spain , 1536 -- 31 March 1618 ) was a Spanish Carmelite , theologian , and professor of the University of Salamanca ( cf . Salmanticenses ) .
Gustave Roussy ( 24 November 1874 -- 30 September 1948 ) was a Swiss - French neuropathologist born in Vevey , Switzerland .
Jostein Gaarder ( Norwegian : ( ˈjuːstaɪn ˈɡɔːrdər ) ; born 8 August 1952 ) is a Norwegian intellectual and author of several novels , short stories and children 's books .
Vincent Cespedes ( born September 14 , 1973 in Aubervilliers , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a French philosopher and writer .
Gabriel Liiceanu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ɡabriˈel li.iˈt͡ʃe̯anu ) ; b. May 23 , 1942 , Râmnicu - Vâlcea ) is a Romanian philosopher .
Comminianus ( also referred to as Cominianus or Comminian ) was a Latin grammarian of the late fourth century .
Conrad Wiene ( 3 February 1878 -- 1934 ) was an actor , screenwriter , film producer and director of Austrian and German silent film .
Eckart von Hirschhausen ( born August 25 , 1967 in Frankfurt am Main , Germany ) is a German physician and comedian .
Gabriele Krone - Schmalz ( born 8 November 1949 , Lam , District of Cham , Bavaria ) is a German broadcast journalist and author .
Robert de Cotte ( 1656 -- 15 July 1735 ) was a French architect - administrator , under whose design control of the royal buildings of France from 1699 , the earliest notes presaging the Rococo style were introduced .
Pedro Agerre , best known as Axular , is one of the main Basque writers of the 17th century .
Raimondo Spiazzi OP ( 18 January 1918 - 14 October 2002 ) was an Italian Catholic theologian , advisor to Pius XII , and Mariologist with over 2,500 publications .
Luc Moullet ( French : ( mulɛ ) ; born 14 October 1937 in Paris ) is a French film critic and filmmaker , and a member of the Nouvelle Vague or French New Wave .
William Edward Robinson ( 1863 -- 10 May 1927 ) was an English merchant and Liberal Party politician .
Hideshi Hino ( 日野日出志 Hino Hideshi , born April 19 , 1946 ) is a Japanese manga artist who specializes in horror stories .
Célestin - François Nanteuil - Lebœuf , known as Célestin Nanteuil , ( 11 July 1813 -- 6 September 1873 ) was a French painter , engraver and illustrator closely tied to the Romantic movement in France .
François Marie Charles Fourier ( /ˈfʊəriˌeɪ , -iər/ ; French : ( fuʁje ) ; 7 April 1772 -- 10 October 1837 ) was a French philosopher and an influential early socialist thinker later associated with `` utopian socialism '' .
István Gaál ( 25 August 1933 -- 25 September 2007 ) was a Hungarian film director , editor and screenwriter .
Hermann - Josef Tenhagen ( born 22 January 1963 ) is the Editor - in - Chief of Finanztest , the German monthly magazine dealing with financial issues published by Stiftung Warentest , the German consumer organisation .
Muhammed Fethullah Gülen ( born 27 April 1941 ) is a Turkish preacher , former imam , and writer .
Jan Evangelista Purkyně ( Czech : ( ˈjan ˈɛvaŋɡɛlɪsta ˈpurkɪɲɛ ) ; also written Johann Evangelist Purkinje ) ( 17 December or 18 December 1787 -- 28 July 1869 ) was a Czech anatomist and physiologist .
Ingebjørg Dahl Sem ( born 27 August 1936 ) is a Norwegian Christian writer .
Pieter Winsemius , professor emeritus ( born 7 March 1942 in Voorburg ) is a Dutch scientist on Sustainable Development .
Louis - Antoine Jullien ( 23 April 1812 -- 14 March 1860 ) was a French conductor and composer of light music .
Poul Erik Tøjner ( born 25 February 1959 ) is a Danish museum director and art critic .
Alejandro Ferrant Vázquez ( Madrid , 1897 - -1976 ) was a Spanish architect .
Stas Misezhnikov ( Hebrew : סטס מיסז'ניקוב‎ ; Russian : Стас Мисежников , born 28 February 1969 ) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu and as the country 's Minister of Tourism .
Alexandre Joseph Émile Brumpt ( 10 March 1877 , in Paris -- 8 July 1951 ) was a French parasitologist .
Sir Harry Bullard DL ( 1841 -- 26 December 1903 ) was an English brewer and Conservative politician .
Xu Beihong ( Chinese : 徐悲鴻 ; pinyin : Xú Bēihóng ; 19 July 1895 -- 26 September 1953 ) was a Chinese painter born in Yixing , Jiangsu province .
Thierry Schaffauser is a French sex worker , social activist , writer and actor .
Pascal Engel ( French : ( ɑ̃ʒɛl ) ; born 1954 ) is a French philosopher , working on the philosophy of language , philosophy of mind , epistemology and philosophy of logic .
Viktor Pivovarov ( Russian : Виктор Пивоваров ; born 1937 ) , along with Ilya Kabakov and Erik Bulatov , was one of the leading artists of the Moscow Conceptualist artistic movement of the 1970s .
Michel Sabbah ( Arabic : ميشيل صباح‎ ; born 19 March 1933 in Nazareth , Mandatory Palestine ) was the Archbishop and Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem from 1987 to 2008 , the first non - Italian to hold this position in more than five centuries .
Dick Rivers ( born Hervé Fornieri , 24 April 1945 ) is a French singer and actor who has been performing since the early 1960s .
Eugen V. Witkowsky ( Евге́ний Влади́мирович Витко́вский ; born June 18 , 1950 ) is a Russian fiction and fantasy writer , literary scholar , poet , and translator .
Peter of Eboli or Petrus de Ebulo ( flourished ca . 1196 - -1220 ) was a didactic versifier and chronicler who wrote in Latin .
Alfredo Alvar Ezquerra ( Granada , 1960 ) is a Spanish historian , research professor at the Spanish National Research Council ( CSIC ) and modern history specialist .
Anna Kingsford , née Bonus ( 16 September 1846 -- 22 February 1888 ) , was an English anti - vivisection , vegetarian and women 's rights campaigner .
Karl Sudhoff ( 26 November 1853 , Frankfurt am Main - 8 October 1938 , Salzwedel ) was a German historian of medicine , important in establishing that field as a legitimate discipline for research and teaching within faculties of medicine .
Ilan Halimi ( Hebrew : אילן חלימי‎ ) was a young French Jewish man of Moroccan descent who was kidnapped on 21 January 2006 by a group called the Gang of Barbarians and subsequently tortured , over a period of three weeks , resulting in his death .
Rita Bhaduri ( Bengali : রীতা ভাদুড়ি , Hindi : रीटा भादुड़ी ) is an Indian film and now television actress .
Luca Serianni ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈluːka seˈrjanni ) ) ( born 30 October 1947 ) is an Italian linguist and philologist .
Albert Guinovart ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əɫˈβɛrt ɣinuˈβart ) ) ( born 1962 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish- Catalan composer .
Inka Parei ( born 1967 in Frankfurt ) is a German writer who lives in Berlin .
Thomas Piketty ( French : ( tɔˈma pikɛˈti ) ; born on 7 May 1971 ) is a French economist who works on wealth and income inequality .
Samuel Thomas Spry ( 25 July 1804 -- 29 June 1868 ) was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1832 to 1841 and who changed party and sat for four years again as a Conservative from 1843 .
Johann Gottlob von Quandt ( 9 April 1787 -- 19 June 1859 ) was a German artist , art scholar and collector .
Alexander William Kinglake ( 5 August 1809 -- 2 January 1891 ) was an English travel writer and historian .
Pierre Kast ( 22 September 1920 , Paris -- 20 October 1984 ) was a French screenwriter and film and television director .
Émile Bollaert was French High Commissioner of Indochina from 1947 to 1948 .
Mathieu Jaboulay ( July 5 , 1860 -- November 4 , 1913 ) was a French surgeon born in Saint - Genis - Laval , a city in the department of Rhône .
Mitro Repo ( born September 3 , 1958 ) is a Finnish Orthodox Christian priest .
Wolfgang Stresemann ( 1904 - -1998 ) was a German jurist , orchestra leader , conductor and composer .
Eugène Burnouf ( April 8 , 1801 -- May 28 , 1852 ) was an eminent French scholar and orientalist who made significant contributions to the deciphering of Old Persian cuneiform .
Jean - Baptiste Berthier ( 1721 - -1804 ) was an officer ( Lieutenant - Colonel ) in the French Corps of Topographical Engineers during the reigns of Louis XV and Louis XVI .
António Mendes Correia ( 1888 - 1960 ) was a Portuguese anthropologist , physician and scientist .
Christian Norberg - Schulz ( 23 May 1926 - - 28 March 2000 ) was a Norwegian architect , author , educator and architectural theorist .
Count Leopoldo Cicognara ( 17 November 1767 , in Ferrara -- 5 March 1834 ) was an Italian archaeologist and writer on art .
Kang Full ( or Kang Pool , Hangul : 강풀 ) is the pen name of Kang Do - young ( born December 7 , 1974 ) , a South Korean webcomic artist .
Merab Mamardashvili ( Georgian : მერაბ მამარდაშვილი , Russian : Мера́б Константи́нович Мамардашви́ли ; September 15 , 1930 -- November 25 , 1990 ) was a Georgian philosopher , Doctor of Sciences ( 1968 ) , Professor ( 1972 ) .
Sreekumar Achary ( born 5 January 1951 ) , better known by his stage name Jagathy Sreekumar , is an Indian film actor known for his work in Malayalam cinema .
Gerd Arntz ( 11 December 1900 in Remscheid -- 4 December 1988 in The Hague ) was a German Modernist artist renowned for his black and white woodcuts .
Anne Pingeot ( born 13 May 1943 in Clermont - Ferrand , Puy - de - Dôme ) is a French art historian specialising in French sculpture of the 19th century and author of several books and catalogues .
Aleksander Kamiński ( January 28 , 1903 - March 15 , 1978 ) was a Polish school teacher , form tutor , author of Polish Cub Scout and Brownie method , writer , historian , Scoutmaster ( harcmistrz ) , and during the occupation of Poland by Nazi Germany , wartime resistance leader under the codenames :
Krikor Peshtimaldjian ( Armenian : Գրիգոր Փեշտիմալջյան , Born Constantinople , Ottoman Turkey 1778 - died Constantinople , Ottoman Turkey January , 1839 ) was a prominent ethnic Armenian philosopher , educator , translator , and linguist .
Jiří Weil ( IPA : ( jɪr̝iː vaɪl ) ; 6 August 1900 , Praskolesy -- 13 December 1959 , Prague ) was a Czech writer .
Ramón Melendi Espina is a Spanish pop singer with rock , flamenco , and rumba influences .
Said Nafa ( Arabic : سعيد نفاع‎ , Hebrew : סעיד נפאע‎ , also Said Naffaa , born 1 April 1953 ) is a politician and lawyer .
Emmanuel Monick ( January 10 , 1893 , Le Mans , France -- December 23 , 1983 ? ) was a French politician and banker .
Alexandre Boucher ( 10 April 1770 -- 30 December 1861 ) was a French violinist , who performed through Europe ; he was noted for having a resemblance to Napoleon .
Kjell Heggelund ( born 16 December 1932 ) is a Norwegian literary researcher , lecturer , editor , manager , lyricist , translator and literary critic .
José Luis Madrid is a retired Spanish screenwriter , producer and film director .
David Dacko ( French pronunciation : ​(david dako ) ; 24 March 1930 -- 20 November 2003 ) was the 1st President of the Central African Republic from 14 August 1960 to 1 January 1966 , and 3rd President from 21 September 1979 to 1 September 1981 .
Tadeusz Iwiński ( pronounced ( taˈdɛuʂ iˈviɲski ) ; born October 28 , 1944 in Piastów ) is a Polish politician .
Evgeny Morozov ( Russian : Евгений Морозов , Belarusian : Яўгені Марозаў ) is a writer and researcher of Belarusian origin who studies political and social implications of technology .
Marie - Joseph Frédéric Villot ( 31 October 1809 -- 27 May 1875 ) , a French engraver and friend of the prominent Romantic painter Eugène Delacroix , was also an art historian , who served as paintings curator of the Louvre Museum from 1848 to 1861 .
Christian Enzensberger ( 24 December 1931 -- 27 January 2009 ) was a German Professor of English studies , author and a translator of English literature into German language .
Din Mehmeti ( 1932 -- 12 November 2010 ) was an Albanian poet from Kosovo .
Catherine Delcroix ( born 1955 ) is a French sociologist whose work employs methods drawn from sociology and biographic tools .
Jimmy Liao ( Chinese : 廖福彬 ; pinyin : Liào Fúbīn , born November 15 , 1958 ) is a Taiwanese illustrator as well as a picture book writer .
Martin Rinkart , or Rinckart ( 23 April 1586 -- 8 December 1649 ) was a German Lutheran clergyman and hymnist .
Michael Brynntrup ( born 1959 ) is a German experimental filmmaker and media artist living in Berlin .
Zahid Hasan ( Bengali : জাহিদ হাসান , born October 4 ) is a Bangladesh actor who has performed in film , television and theatre .
Rodoljub Čolaković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Родољуб Чолаковић ; 7 June 1900 -- 30 March 1983 ) was a Bosnian Serb and Yugoslav politician .
Clara Zetkin ( née Eissner ; 5 July 1857 -- 20 June 1933 ) was a German Marxist theorist , activist , and advocate for women 's rights .
Vanessa Bauche ( Spanish pronunciation : ( baˈnesa ˈβautʃe ) ) ( born 18 February 1973 ) is a Mexican television and film actor .
Zsófia Balla ( born 15 January 1949 ) is a Romanian - born Hungarian poet and essayist .
Peter Latz ( born 1939 ) is a German landscape architect and a professor for landscape architecture at the Technical University of Munich .
Wilhelm Gass ( November 28 , 1813 -- February 21 , 1889 ) was a German theologian born in Breslau .
Kathleen Winter ( born 1960 ) is an English - Canadian short story writer and novelist .
Frédéric Boilet ( born 16 January 1960 , in Épinal , France ) is a French cartoonist and a manga artist .
Dame Hermione Lee , DBE , FBA , FRSL ( born 29 February 1948 , Winchester ) ) is President of Wolfson College , Oxford , and was lately Goldsmiths ' Professor of English Literature in the University of Oxford and Professorial Fellow of New College .
František Langer ( 3 March 1888 -- 2 August 1965 ) was a Czech playwright , military physician , script writer , essayist , literary critic and publicist .
Matilde Camus ( September 26 , 1919 -- April 28 , 2012 ) was a Spanish poet who also wrote non - fiction .
Peter Frankenberg ( * 1947 in Bad Honnef , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany ) is a German researcher , professor and politician ( CDU ) .
Henri George Doll ( 13 August 1902 , Paris , France -- 25 July 1991 , Montfort - l'Amaury , France ) was a French - American scientist .
Edgar Neville Romrée , Count of Berlanga de Duero ( 28 December 1899 -- 23 April 1967 ) was a Spanish playwright and film director , a member of the `` other '' Generation of ' 27 .
Jean Claude Eugène Péclet ( 10 February 1793 -- 6 December 1857 ) was a French physicist .
Miguel Romero García , better known as Miguel Romero Esteo ( born 1930 , Montoro , Córdoba ) is a Spanish writer and university professor , whose work is part of the so - called Spanish post - war theatre .
Claude Dulong - Sainteny or Marguerite - Claude Badalo - Dulong or Claude Dulong , is a French historian born in Limoges on 12 June 1922 .
Antonio García - Trevijano Forte ( born 18 July 1927 in Granada ) is a Spanish republican , a political activist , and an author .
Kaspar Hauser ( 30 April 1812 ( ? ) -- 17 December 1833 ) was a German youth who claimed to have grown up in the total isolation of a darkened cell .
Liviu Rebreanu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈliviw reˈbre̯anu ) ; November 27 , 1885 -- September 1 , 1944 ) was a Romanian novelist , playwright , short story writer , and journalist .
Antoine - Augustin Bruzen de La Martinière or de la Martiniere , born at Dieppe in 1683 and died in The Hague on 19 June 1746 , was a French polymath .
Simon Hammelburg ( Amsterdam , February 28 , 1952 ) is a Dutch entertainer , songwriter , author and journalist .
Gertrud Bäumer ( 12 September 1873 , Hagen - Hohenlimburg , Westphalia -- 25 March 1954 , Bethel ) was a German politician who actively participated in the German civil rights feminist movement .
Juan Ignacio Diego Palacios ( born May 18 , 1960 Castro Urdiales , Cantabria ) is a Spanish politician , engineer and member of the Partido Popular .
Gerhard Lauer ( born November 14 , 1962 ) is a German Literary scholar .
Andrés Palomino Robles ( born 1978 , Barcelona ) is a Spanish comics artist , screenwriter and stand - up comedian , best known for his work on the webcomic Las Crónicas PSN .
Armand de Gontaut , baron de Biron ( 1524 -- July 26 , 1592 ) was a celebrated French soldier of the 16th century .
Sebalter was born in the Italian - speaking canton of Ticino .
William Chester Minor , also known as W. C. Minor ( June 1834 -- March 26 , 1920 ) was an American army surgeon and one of the largest contributors of quotations to the Oxford English Dictionary .
José María Alvira ( 1864 Zaragoza , Aragon , Spain - 1938 Madrid , ) was a composer Spanish , singing teacher , composer and pianist .
Kazimierz Bujnicki ( 30 November 1788 in Krasław ( nowadays Krāslava ) - 14 July 1878 in Dagda , Latvia ) was a Polish writer .
Norman Hudis ( 27 July 1922 -- 8 February 2016 ) was an English writer for film , theatre and television and is most closely associated with the first six of the Carry On ... film series , for which he wrote the screenplays ; beginning with Carry on Cabby ( 1963 ) he was replaced by Talbot Rothwell .
Thomas Bach ( born on 29 December 1953 in Würzburg ) is a German lawyer and former fencer .
Kodai no Kimi ( 小大君 , dates unknown , also known as Koōkimi ) was a Japanese Waka poet and noble from the middle Heian period .
Ahmed Dabbah ( Arabic : احمد ذباح‎ , Hebrew : אחמד דבאח‎ ; born 27 January 1955 ) is an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Kadima between 2012 and 2013 , the party 's first non - Druze Arab MK .
Juraj Baraković ( 1548 -- August 1 , 1628 ) was a Croatian Renaissance poet from Zadar .
Unni Mary is a film actress and producer who works mainly in Malayalam films .
Pierre Delanoë ( 16 December 1918 -- 27 December 2006 ) , born Pierre Charles Marcel Napoleon Leroyer in Paris , France , was a French songwriter / lyricist who wrote for dozens of singers such as Edith Piaf , Charles Aznavour , Petula Clark , Johnny Hallyday , and Mireille Mathieu .
Dominik Kuhn ( pseudonym : Dodokay ; born September 16 , 1969 ) is a German producer , language artist , comedian , director and musician .
François d'Orbay ( 1634 - -1697 ) was a French draughtsman and architect who worked closely with Louis Le Vau and Jules Hardouin Mansart .
Ida Baccini ( 1850 - -1911 ) was an Italian writer for children .
Neri Parenti ( born 26 April 1950 , in Florence ) is an Italian film director and writer .
Pope Pius IX ( Italian : Pio IX ; 13 May 1792 -- 7 February 1878 ) , born Giovanni Maria Mastai - Ferretti , reigned from 16 June 1846 to his death in 1878 .
Yaron Zelekha ( Hebrew : ירון זליכה‎ , born July 20 , 1970 ) is an Israeli economist .
Karl Loewenstein ( Munich , November 9 , 1891 -- Heidelberg , July 10 , 1973 ) was a German philosopher and political scientist , regarded as one of the prominent figures of Constitutional law in the twentieth century .
Louis Amable Crapelet , a French water - colour painter , born at Auxerre in 1822 , studied under Corot , Durand - Brager , and Séchan .
Bettina von Arnim ( the Countess of Arnim ) ( 4 April 1785 -- 20 January 1859 ) , born Elisabeth Catharina Ludovica Magdalena Brentano , was a German writer and novelist .
Gustave Goublier ( 15 January 1856 - -27 October 1926 ) was a French composer of popular mélodies , notably Credo du paysan , La voix des chênes and L'Angélus de la mer .
Martha Julia López Luna ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmartaˈxulja ) ; born February 24 , 1973 ) is a Mexican actress .
Clare Winnicott née Britton ( 1906 - 1984 ) was an English social worker and psychoanalyst , who helped establish the profession of social worker .
Kazimierz Andrzej Jaworski ( 1897 - 1973 ) was a Polish poet , translator and publisher .
Francesca Simon , the author of Horrid Henry books , was born in St Louis ; she grew up in California and attended both Yale and Oxford universities where she majored in medieval studies and Old English .
Carl Heinrich Louis Held ( 1 December 1851 -- 17 April 1927 ) was a German photographer and a pioneer of photojournalism .
Robert Needham Philips DL ( 1815 -- 28 February 1890 ) was an English merchant and manufacturer in the Lancashire textiles business , a Liberal Party politician , and the grandfather of the Whig historian G. M. Trevelyan .
Keld Helmer - Petersen ( 20 August 1920 -- 6 March 2013 ) was a Danish photographer who achieved his international breakthrough in 1948 when he published 122 Farvefotografier/122 Colour Photographs , a collection of experiments with shapes inspired by Albert Renger - Patzsch and the poetic realism of the Neue Sachlichkeit movement .
Filippo Acciaiuoli ( 1637 -- 8 February 1700 ) was an Italian composer , librettist , theater manager , machine designer , and poet .
André Boulanger ( 26 July 1886 -- 9 September 1958 ) was a French professor of literature and Latin scholar who shared his activity between archeology and the teaching profession .
Jean Poyer ( alt : Poyet ) , was a French miniature painter and manuscript illuminator of the late 15th century .
Théophraste Renaudot ( 1586 -- 25 October 1653 ) was a French physician , philanthropist , and journalist .
José Mamerto Gómez Hermosilla ( 11 May 1771 , Madrid -- 31 March 1837 ) was a Spanish Hellenist , journalist and writer .
Jagannath Prasad Das(J. P. ) ( born 26 April 1936 ) is an eminent litterateur from Odisha who has dominated the Odia literary scene for over forty years .
Darko Macan ( born 1966 ) is a Croatian author and illustrator who has created and collaborated on comics , essays and science fiction and fantasy .
Mikheil Saakashvili ( Georgian : მიხეილ სააკაშვილი , IPA : ( mɪχɛɪl sɑɑkʼɑʃvɪlɪ ) ; Ukrainian : Міхеїл Саакашвілі ; born 21 December 1967 ) is a Ukrainian and former Georgian politician .
Charles - Nicolas Cochin ( 22 February 1715 -- 29 April 1790 ) was a French engraver , designer , writer , and art critic .
Ramon Pichot Gironès ( Catalan pronunciation : ( rəˈmom piˈtʃɔt ) ; 1871 -- 1 March 1925 ) was a Catalan and Spanish artist .
Aleksandrs Mirskis ( Russian : Александр Мирский , born 20 March 1964 ) is a Latvian politician of Russian and Jewish descent .
N. Kuttikrishna Pillai , better known as N. K. Desam ( Malayalam : എൻ. കെ. ദേശം ; born October 31 , 1936 ) , is a Malayalam - language poet and literary critic from the south Indian state of Kerala .
Henri Donnedieu de Vabres ( 8 July 1880 - 14 February 1952 ) was a French jurist who took part in the Nuremberg trials after World War II . He was the primary French judge during the proceedings , with Robert Falco as his alternate .
Edmond - Frédéric Le Blant ( 12 August 1818 , Paris -- 5 July 1897 , Paris ) was a French archaeologist and historian .
Xavier Niel ( born 25 August 1967 ) is a French entrepreneur and businessman , active in the telecommunications and technology industry and best known as founder and majority shareholder of the French Internet service provider and Mobile operator Iliad trading under the Free brand ( France 's second - largest ISP , and third mobile operator ) .
Louis Chedid ( born 1 January 1948 , in Ismaïlia ) is a French singer - songwriter of Lebanese origin .
Mohamed Nagui ( Arabic : محمد ناجي‎ ) , an award - winning Egyptian writer and novelist , is the author of several well - known novels , including ' Al - Affendy ' , ' Morning Song ' and ' Travel Night ' .
Dolon Roy ( also spelt as Dolon Ray ) is a Bengali actress , based in Kolkata , India .
Domènec Balmanya i Perera ( Catalan pronunciation : ( duˈmɛnəɡ bəɫˈmaɲə ) ) ( December 29 , 1914 -- February 14 , 2002 ) , also referred to as Domingo Balmaña , is a former Spanish footballer and manager who spent most of his playing career at FC Barcelona .
Diego de Pesquera was a 16th - century Spanish sculptor of the Sevillian and Granadan schools .
Jules Alexandre Daveau ( 29 February 1852 , Argenteuil -- 24 August 1929 ) was a French botanist known for his investigations of Portuguese flora .
Sir Thomas Miller , 5th Baronet ( c. 1735 - -4 September 1816 ) , was an English politician , MP for Lewes 1774 - -1778 and Portsmouth 1806 - -1816 .
Eduard Pons Prades ( December 19 , 1920 -- May 28 , 2007 ) , also known as Floreado Barsino , was a Spanish writer and historian , specializing in the 20th - century history of Spain .
Jean - Jacques Nattiez , OC , CQ , FRSC ( French : ( natje ) ; born December 30 , 1945 , Amiens , France ) is a musical semiologist or semiotician and professor of Musicology at the Université de Montréal .
Jean - Jacques Beineix ( born 8 October 1946 ) is a French film director and generally seen as the best example of what came to be called the cinéma du look .
Gareth Hale ( born 15 January 1953 , South London ) is an English comedian and actor , who is best known as one half of the comedy duo Hale and Pace , with his friend and comic partner Norman Pace .
Henryk Grynberg ( born in 1936 in Warsaw ) is a Polish - Jewish writer and actor who survived the Nazi occupation .
Eduard Lasker ( originally Jizchak Lasker ; 14 October 1829 -- 5 January 1884 ) was a German politician and jurist .
Jan Boerstoel ( born 3 November 1944 , The Hague ) is a Dutch writer and poet who is perhaps best known for his song texts , especially for cabaret .
Bas Böttcher ( born 1974 in Bremen , Germany ) is a German slam poet .
Jean de Maillard ( born 15 August 1951 in Saint - Germain - en - Laye , Yvelines ) is a French magistrate in Blois .
Jonathan Garb ( Hebrew : יהונתן גארב , born 1967 ) is an Israeli scholar of Kabbalah .
Since her international breakthrough , Anggun has released five English - language studio albums and six French - language studio albums , as well as a soundtrack album to the Danish film Open Hearts ( 2002 ) .
Travers Christmas Humphreys , QC ( 15 February 1901 -- 13 April 1983 ) was an English barrister who prosecuted several controversial cases in the 1940s and 1950s , and later became a judge at the Old Bailey .
Francisco Zumel ( ca . 1540 - 1607 ) was a Spanish philosopher and ecclesiastic .
Arthur Atherley ( 12 June 1772 -- 1 October 1844 ) was an English Member of Parliament , serving the Southampton constituency three times , as Whig , Liberal and Reformer .
Amleto Vespa ( 1888-c.1941 ) was a mercenary and secret agent of Italian origin , who worked in Manchuria from 1922 to 1940 , first for a local warlord , and then for the Empire of Japan .
Yann Lovelock ( born 11 February 1939 ) is an English writer and translator who later became a Buddhist interfaith worker .
Kokichi Shimoinaba ( April 29 , 1926 -- February 17 , 2014 ) was a Japanese politician and police chief .
David Harsent ( born in Devon on 9 December 1942 ) is an English poet and TV scriptwriter .
Raffaele Ciferri ( 30 May 1897 , Fermo -- 12 February 1964 , Pavia ) was an Italian botanist , agriculturalist and mycologist .
Rocío Banquells ( Spanish pronunciation : ( roˈsi.o βaŋˈkels ) ; born María del Rocío Banquells Nuñez on June 22 , 1958 in Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico ) is a Mexican pop singer and actress , best known for her work on television , the stage and cinema of Mexico and Latin America .
Jordi Ramisa ( born 6 October 1960 ) is a Catalan architect , a sculptor and a drawing professor .
Otto Toeplitz ( 1 August 1881 -- 15 February 1940 ) was a German Jewish mathematician working in functional analysis .
Cesare Balbo , Conte di Vinadio ( 21 November 1789 -- 3 June 1853 ) , was an Italian writer and statesman .
Krystyna Krahelska `` Danuta '' ( 24 March 1914 - 2 August 1944 ) - was a Polish poet , ethnographer , member of the Home Army , and a participant in the Warsaw Uprising .
Sir Frederic Madden KH ( 16 February 1801 -- 8 March 1873 ) was an English palaeographer .
José Eduardo Verástegui Córdoba ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eˈðwarðo βeˈɾasteɣi ) ; born May 21 , 1974 ) is a Mexican actor , model , and singer .
Napoleone Colajanni ( Castrogiovanni , April 27 , 1847 -- Castrogiovanni , September 2 , 1921 ) was an Italian writer , journalist , criminologist , socialist and politician .
Conrad Alexandre Gérard de Rayneval ( 12 December 1729 -- 16 April 1790 ) , also known as Conrad Alexandre Gérard , was a French diplomat , born at Masevaux in upper Alsace ( now Haut - Rhin ) .
Madame Ravissa de Turin ( b. late 18th century ; died February 20 , 1807 ) was an Italian singer and composer .
Esperanza Roy ( born 22 November 1935 , in Madrid ) , is a Spanish actress .
Hannu Mäkelä ( born 18 August 1943 in Helsinki , Finland ) is an author of more than 100 books in Finnish : novels , collections of short stories , edited anthologies and children 's books .
Pierre Gattaz ( born September 11 , 1959 in Boulogne - Billancourt , France ) is a French business executive .
Saint Alonso de Orozco Mena ( 17 October 1500 -- 19 September 1591 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest from the Augustinian order .
Isidora Sekulić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Исидора Секулић , 16 February 1877 -- 5 April 1958 ) was a Serbian prose writer , novelist , essayist , adventurer , polyglot and art critic .
Jürgen Roland , born Jürgen Schellack ( 25 December 1925 -- 21 September 2007 ) was a German film director .
Eusebio Poncela ( born 15 September 1947 , Madrid ) is a Spanish actor .
José Miguel Vilar - Bou ( born April 5 , 1979 , Alfafar , Valencia ) is a contemporary Spanish novelist , short story writer , and journalist , specializing in horror fiction , science - fiction and fantasy .
Jan Stanisław Bystroń ( 20 December 1892 in Kraków - 18 November 1964 in Warsaw ) was a Polish sociologist and ethnographer .
Ignacio Jordán Claudio de Asso y del Río ( June 4 , 1742 -- May 21 , 1814 ) was a Spanish diplomat , naturalist , lawyer and historian .
Thomas Holcroft ( 10 December 1745 -- 23 March 1809 ) was an English dramatist and miscellaneous writer .
Audiovideoteca de Buenos Aires ( Spanish ) Osvaldo Dragún :
Roger Leenhardt ( 23 July 1903 , Montpellier -- 4 December 1985 , Paris ) was a French writer and filmmaker .
Vincas Mickevičius ( October 19 , 1882 -- July 17 , 1954 ) , better known by his pen name Vincas Krėvė - Mickevičius , was a Lithuanian writer , poet , novelist , playwright and philologist .
Günther Uecker , also known as Guenther Uecker , ( born 13 March 1930 ) is a German sculptor , op artist and installation artist .
Paolo Frisi ( 13 April 1728 -- 22 November 1784 ) was an Italian mathematician and astronomer .
Teofilo Folengo ( Italian pronunciation : ( teˌɔːfilo foˈleŋɡo ) or ( foˈlɛŋɡo ) ) ( November 8 , 1491 -- December 9 , 1544 ) , who wrote under the pseudonym of Merlino Coccajo or Merlinus Coccaius , was one of the principal Italian macaronic poets .
Pierre - Laurent Brenot ( 8 July 1913 -- 8 May 1998 ) , was a French painter who also had a great activity in fashion and advertising .
Féréol Bonnemaison ( died 1827 ) was a French portrait painter , lithographer , restorer , and art dealer .
Charles Jennens ( 1700 -- 20 November 1773 ) was an English landowner and patron of the arts .
Denis Scheck ( born 15 December 1964 ) is a German literary critic and journalist .
Álvaro Jardón ( born November 13 , 1977 in Oviedo , Asturias ) is a Spanish bassist , who played in the Power metal bands WarCry and Darna .
Richard Pare ( born 20 February 1948 in Portsmouth , England ) is an English photographer known for his work documenting Soviet modernist architecture .
Conrad Felixmüller ( 21 May 1897 -- 24 March 1977 ) was a German expressionist painter and printmaker .
Pál Schmitt ( Hungarian : Schmitt Pál , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈʃmitː ˈpaːl ) ; born 13 May 1942 ) is a Hungarian Olympic fencer and politician who served as President of Hungary from 2010 to 2012 .
Charles James Barnett ( 31 October 1796 - -31 December 1882 ) was an English amateur cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1820 to 1837 and a Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1831 to 1835 .
Byung - Chul Han , also spelled Pyŏng - ch'ŏl Han , ( born 1959 in Seoul ) is a South Korean author , cultural theorist , and professor at the Universität der Künste Berlin ( UdK ) in Berlin .
Emil du Bois - Reymond ( 7 November 1818 -- 26 December 1896 ) was a German physician and physiologist , the discoverer of nerve action potential , and the father of experimental electrophysiology .
John Baker Holroyd , 1st Earl of Sheffield ( 21 December 1735 -- 30 May 1821 ) was an English politician who came from a Yorkshire family , a branch of which had settled in the Kingdom of Ireland .
Nahum Barnea ( Hebrew : נחום ברנע‎ ) ( born 1944 ) is an Israeli journalist .
Eric Burgess ( 1920 -- March 2005 ) was an English freelance consultant , lecturer and journalist , who wrote about the Pioneer program of space missions since the first tests in 1957 .
Didier Eribon ( born 10 July 1953 ) is a French author and philosopher , and a historian of French intellectual life .
Diego Marani ( born 1959 in Ferrara ) is an Italian novelist , translator , and newspaper columnist .
Marghanita Laski ( 24 October 1915 -- 6 February 1988 ) was an English journalist , radio panellist and novelist : she also wrote literary biography , plays and short stories .
Felice Picano graduated cum laude from Queens College in 1964 with English department honors .
Jas Gawronski ( born on 7 February 1936 ) is an Italian journalist and politician .
Arturo Toscanini ( Italian : ( arˈtuːro toskaˈniːni ) ; March 25 , 1867 -- January 16 , 1957 ) was an Italian conductor .
Dr. László Kákosy ( Budapest , 15 August 1932 -- Budapest , 29 January 2003 ) was a Hungarian Egyptologist , a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences .
Nahum Sokolow ( Nahum ben Joseph Samuel Sokolow , Hebrew : נחום ט ' סוקולוב‎ Nachum ben Yoseph Shmuel Soqolov , Yiddish : סאָקאָלאָוו‎ , 10 January 1859 -- 17 May 1936 ) was a Zionist leader , author , translator , and a pioneer of Hebrew journalism .
Yves Ternon ( French : ( tɛʁnɔ̃ ) ; born in 1932 in Saint - Mandé , France ) is a French physician and medical historian , as well as an author of historical books about the Jewish Holocaust and the Armenian Genocide .
Enric Marco ( born 1921 in Barcelona ) is an impostor who claimed to have been a prisoner in Nazi German concentration camps Mauthausen and Flossenburg in World War II . He was awarded the Creu de Sant Jordi by the Catalan government in 2001 and wrote a book on his experiences .
Vittorio Bottego ( Italian pronunciation : ( vitˈtɔrjo ˈbɔtteɡo ) ; Parma July 29 , 1860 -- Daga Roba March 17 , 1897 ) was an Italian army officer and one of the first Western explorers of Jubaland in the Horn of Africa ( now part of Somalia ) , where he led two expeditions .
Alain Lombard ( born 4 October 1940 , Paris ) is a French conductor .
Prosper - René Blondlot ( 3 July 1849 -- 24 November 1930 ) was a French physicist , best remembered for his mistaken `` discovery '' of N rays , a phenomenon that subsequently proved to be illusory .
Cristina del Valle ( born 1 August 1962 ) is a Spanish singer and activist .
Jean - François - Benjamin Dumont de Montigny , or Dumont de Montigny , was a colonial officer and farmer in French Louisiana in the 18th century .
Ernst Sellin ( May 26 , 1867 in Alt Schwerin -- January 1 , 1946 in Epichnellen bei Eisenach ) was a German Protestant theologian .
Simone Waisbard was a French explorer who spent years in South and Central America , studying remnants of the many ancient civilizations and tribes that have lived there .
María Concepción Enma Iranzo Martín ( born 1 February 1959 ) is a pharmaceutical biochemist and Spanish politician .
François Magendie ( 6 October 1783 -- 7 October 1855 ) was a French physiologist , considered a pioneer of experimental physiology .
Maurice Quentin de La Tour ( 5 September 1704 -- 17 February 1788 ) was a French Rococo portraitist who worked primarily with pastels .
Amalie Skram ( 22 August 1846 -- 15 March 1905 ) was a Norwegian author and feminist who gave voice to a woman 's point of view with her naturalist writing .
Zorayr Khalapyan ( Armenian : Զորայր Երվանդի Խալափյան 1 August 1933 -- 18 August 2008 ) , was an Armenian writer , novelist , dramaturgist .
Raúl Hernández Garrido ( born 1964 ) is a Spanish playwright .
Yusuf al - Khal ( Arabic : يوسف الخال‎ ; December 25 , 1917 -- 1987 ) was a Lebanese poet of Syrian descent .
Doctor Pedro Barriere ( ? in Cuba -- May 18 , 1827 in Milingo , El Salvador ) was a Spanish colonial official in the province of El Salvador .
Emilio Prados ( March 4 , 1899 - April 24 , 1962 ) was a Spanish poet and editor , a member of the Generation of ' 27 .
Riad Sattouf ( Arabic : رياض سطوف‎ ; born 5 May 1978 ) is a French cartoonist , comics artist , and film director of Franco - Syrian origin .
Jean Baptiste Charles Dancla ( 19 December 1817 -- 10 October 1907 ) was a French violinist , composer and teacher .
Suchitra Krishnamoorthi also provided the singing voice of Princess Jasmine in the Hindi dub of Disney 's Aladdin .
Adolfo Suárez González , Duke of Suárez , Grandee of Spain KOGF OCIII ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈðolfo ˈswaɾeθ ) ; 25 September 1932 -- 23 March 2014 ) was a Spanish attorney and politician .
Jean - Pierre Changeux ( French : ( ʃɑ̃ʒø ) ; born 6 April 1936 ) is a French neuroscientist known for his research in several fields of biology , from the structure and function of proteins ( with a focus on the allosteric proteins ) , to the early development of the nervous system up to cognitive functions .
António Lobo Antunes , GCSE , MD ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐ̃ˈtɔniu ˈloβu ɐ̃ˈtunɨʃ ) ) ; born 1 September 1942 ) is a Portuguese novelist and medical doctor .
Ivana Brlić - Mažuranić ( pronounced ( ǐv̞ana bř̩ːlit͡ɕ maʒǔranit͡ɕ ) ; 18 April 1874 -- 21 September 1938 ) was a Croatian writer .
Paul Jacques Malouin ( 27 June 1701 Caen -- 3 January 1778 Versailles ) was a French chemist and physicist .
Giovanni Ruffini ( 1807 , Genoa - 1881 ) was an Italian poet of the early 19th century .
Percy Grainger 's father , John Grainger ( 1854 - -1917 ) , was an English - born architect who emigrated to Australia in 1877 .
Edgar Reitz ( born 1 November 1932 ) is a German filmmaker and Professor of Film at the Staatliche Hochschule für Gestaltung ( State University of Design ) in Karlsruhe .
Hermann Staudinger ( 23 March 1881 -- 8 September 1965 ) was a German chemist who demonstrated the existence of macromolecules , which he characterized as polymers .
Friedrich Gustav Emil Martin Niemöller ( German : ( ˈniːmœlɐ ) ; 14 January 1892 -- 6 March 1984 ) was a German anti - Nazi theologian and Lutheran pastor .
Aurelio Saffi ( August 13 , 1819 -- April 10 , 1890 : full name Marco Aurelio Saffi ) was an Italian politician , active during the period of Italian unification .
Zang Kejia ( Chinese : 臧克家 ; pinyin : Zāng Kèjiā ; 8 October 1905 -- 5 February 2004 ) was a Chinese poet .
Rafael Rivelles ( 23 December 1898 -- 3 December 1971 ) was a Spanish actor born in El Cabañal ( also El Cabanyal ) , a small town in the province of Valencia , Spain .
Gilles de Corbeil ( Latin : Egidius de Corbolio or Egidius Corboliensis ; also Aegidius ) was a French royal physician , teacher , and poet .
Victor , Prince Napoléon , titular 4th Prince of Montfort ( Napoléon Victor Jérôme Frédéric Bonaparte ; 18 July 1862 -- 3 May 1926 ) was the Bonapartist pretender to the French throne from 1879 until his death in 1926 .
Giovanni Battista Ramusio ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒoˈvanni batˈtista raˈmuːzjo ) ; July 20 , 1485 -- July 10 , 1557 ) was an Italian geographer and travel writer .
Minissha Lamba ( born 18 January 1985 ) is an Indian actress who appears in Hindi films .
According to lawyer Alun Jones , representant of the Spanish justice during Spain 's request to Great Britain for the extradition of Augusto Pinochet , Augusto Pinochet had planned an attack against Carlos Altamirano just after Franco 's funerals in 1975 .
Margie Sudre ( born 17 October 1943 in Vinh , Vietnam ) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for France 's `` Outre - mer '' .
Hans Hermes ( 12 February 1912 -- 10 November 2003 ) was a German mathematician and logician , who made significant contributions to the foundations of mathematical logic .
Camille Bombois ( February 3 , 1883 -- June 6 , 1970 ) was a French naïve painter especially noted for paintings of circus scenes .
Hristo Smirnenski ( Bulgarian : Христо Смирненски ) , born as Hristo Izmirliev , ( September 17 , 1898 OS - June 18 , 1923 ) was a Bulgarian poet and prose writer .
Gottlob Ernst Schulze ( 23 August 1761 -- 14 January 1833 ) was a German philosopher , born in Heldrungen ( modern - day Thuringia , Germany ) .
Israel Zolli ( September 27 , 1881 ‒ March 2 , 1956 ) , born Israel Anton Zoller , was an Austro - Hungarian Italian doctorate professor of philosophy and author .
Haig Acterian ( also known under his pen name Mihail ; March 5 , 1904 - -c . August 8 , 1943 ) was a Romanian film and theater director , critic , dramatist , poet , journalist , and fascist political activist .
Cesare Pascarella ( 28 April 1858 - 8 May 1940 ) , was an Italian dialect poet and a painter .
Nuccio Cusumano , ( born Stefano Cusumano October 16 , 1948 ) is an Italian politician whose most recent political appointment was to the Italian Senate ( April 26 , 2006 - April 28 , 2008 ) on the roster of the UDEUR party as one of thirty representatives for the Campania constituency .
Arthur Rosenberg ( 1889 - -1943 ) was a German Marxist historian and writer .
Jean - François Jarjavay ( 1815 - -1868 ) was a French anatomist and surgeon who was a native of Savignac - les - Églises in the department of Dordogne .
José Olaguer Feliú y Ramírez ( October 25 , 1857 - November 21 , 1929 ) was a Spanish Lieutenant General , Minister of War and politician .
WHNK is a silent broadcast radio station licensed to Parkersburg , West Virginia , serving Metro Parkersburg .
The Tata Indica is a supermini car produced by the Indian manufacturer Tata Motors since 1998 .
Hugh Conaghan ( born 6 May 1926 ) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician and transport official .
Oscar Wendt ( born 24 October 1985 ) is a Swedish footballer who currently plays as a left back for Borussia Mönchengladbach and the Swedish national team .
John Kingsman Beling ( October 29 , 1919 -- November 5 , 2010 ) was a retired Rear Admiral of the United States Navy whose final assignment was as Commander , Iceland Defense Force in the early 1970s .
Vice - Admiral Lord Hugh Seymour ( 29 April 1759 -- 11 September 1801 ) was a senior British Royal Navy officer of the late 18th century who was the fifth son of Francis Seymour - Conway , 1st Marquess of Hertford and became known for being both a prominent society figure and a highly competent naval officer .
The 1st Battalion 9th Marines ( 1/9 ) was an infantry battalion of the United States Marine Corps .
Henry Washington Benham ( April 17 , 1813 -- July 1 , 1884 ) was an American soldier and civil engineer who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Albert Arthur GM was a Flying Officer with the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve during World War II . In 1944 , he was awarded the George Medal ( GM ) .
The 48th ( South Midland ) Division was an infantry division of the British Army , part of the Territorial Force raised in 1908 .
Frank Ebenezer Hill ( July 31 , 1880 - -September 23 , 1932 ) was a United States Navy Ship 's Cook First Class received the Medal of Honor for actions on board the USS Bennington ( PG-4 ) off San Diego , California during a boiler explosion which killed 62 enlisted men and one officer .
George Simmons ( 2 May 1785 -- 5 March 1858 ) was a British Army officer who served in the Napoleonic Wars and was wounded at the Battle of Waterloo while serving with the 95th Regiment of Foot ( Rifles ) .
General Sir Henry Brackenbury GCB KCSI PC ( 1 September 1837 -- 20 April 1914 ) was a British Army officer who was assistant to Garnet Wolseley in the 1870s and became part of his ' Ring ' of loyal officers .
Major - General Sir Alfred Edward Turner KCB ( 3 March 1842 -- 20 November 1918 ) was a British Army officer of the late nineteenth century , who served in administrative posts in Ireland .
Richard B. Landolt is a retired Rear Admiral of the United States Navy .
Lieutenant - Colonel Edward Arthur Butler ( 4 July 1843 -- 16 April 1916 ) was an English ornithologist and British Army officer .
Frank Bruce ( 20 August 1879 -- 17 May 1919 ) was a sailor and an officer in the United States Navy who served during World War I.
General Sir Alfred Reade Godwin - Austen KCSI , CB , OBE , MC ( 17 April 1889 -- 20 March 1963 ) was a British Army officer .
Brigadier General Pedro N. Rivera , M.D. ( born 1945 ) is a retired United States Air Force officer who in 1994 became the first Hispanic to be named medical commander in the Air Force .
Vice - Admiral the Hon . Charles Orlando Bridgeman ( 5 February 1791 -- 13 April 1860 ) was a Royal Navy officer who saw active service in the Napoleonic Wars and the Greek War of Independence .
Stephen R. Lorenz ( born 1951 ) , is a retired United States Air Force four - star general who currently serves as president and chief executive officer of the United States Air Force Academy Endowment .
158th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps ( South Wales Borderers ) ( 158 RAC ) was a short - lived armoured regiment of the British Army 's Royal Armoured Corps serving in India during World War II .
Henry J. Hendrix , PhD ( born 1966 ) is an active duty United States Navy Captain who is serving as the Director of the Naval History and Heritage Command .
Vice Admiral Kevin M. McCoy is a native of Long Island , New York and joined the United States Navy in 1977 .
Brigadier Sir Charles Loftus Bates KCMG CB DSO ( 1863 - -1951 ) was a British Army officer who served in the Second Boer War and the First World War .
Henry Pinckney McCain ( January 23 , 1861 -- July 25 , 1941 ) was an officer in the United States Army who served as Adjutant General of the U.S. Army from 1914 to 1918 .
Amos Yaron ( Hebrew : עמוס ירון‎ ; born April 1 , 1940 ) was Israel Defense Forces Major General and former head of the Manpower Directorate .
F 2 Hägernäs , Roslagens Flygflottilj , Roslagen Air Force Wing , or simply `` F 2 '' , is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located on the east coast of Sweden just north of the capital Stockholm .
The Bergslagen Artillery Regiment ( Swedish : Bergslagens artilleriregemente ) , designation A 9 , was an artillery regiment of the Swedish Army , which was active from 1943 to 2000 .
51st Infantry Brigade and Headquarters Scotland is an Adaptable Force Brigade of the British Army .
The 16th The Queen 's Lancers was a cavalry regiment of the British Army , first raised in 1759 .
Rev. Walter Colton ( May 9 , 1797 -- 1851 ) was a Chaplain for the United States Navy , the Alcalde of Monterey , and the author of Three Years in California and Deck and Port .
Lord Aubrey Beauclerk ( c. 1710 -- 22 March 1741 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy .
John Minor Maury ( 1795 -- 23 June 1824 ) was a lieutenant in the United States Navy .
Ralph Chandler ( 23 August 1829 -- 9 February 1889 ) was a Rear Admiral of the United States Navy .
Ian Samuel CMG CVO ( 20 August 1915 -- 26 December 2010 ) was a Royal Air Force pilot , British diplomat , and director of chemical and agrochemical trade associations .
The 22nd Guards Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw very distinguished active service during the Second World War .
Erhard Milch ( 30 March 1892 -- 25 January 1972 ) was a German field marshal who oversaw the development of the Luftwaffe as part of the re - armament of Germany following World War I , and served as founding Director of Deutsche Luft Hansa .
The Border Regiment was a line infantry infantry regiment of the British Army , which was formed in 1881 under the Childers Reforms by the amalgamation of the 34th ( Cumberland ) Regiment of Foot and the 55th ( Westmorland ) Regiment of Foot .
Rear Admiral Edward Ellsberg , OBE ( November 21 , 1891 -- January 24 , 1983 ) was an officer in the United States Navy and a popular author .
Bolden Reush Harrison ( April 26 , 1886 -- January 26 , 1952 ) was a United States Navy seaman received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Moro Uprising .
Patrick McGunigal ( May 30 , 1876 -- January 19 , 1936 ) was a sailor in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during World War I.
Edward C. Daly born 27 April 1914 in Pink Hill , North Carolina , enlisted in the United States Navy 13 February 1934 .
Rear Admiral Napoleon Collins ( 4 March 1814 -- 9 August 1875 ) served in the United States Navy during the Mexican--
Philip Joseph Cox ( 28 September 1922 - 14 November 2014 ) was a Royal Navy officer of the Second World War who was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his actions against enemy submarines .
Jonathan Scott Gration is an American retired Major General of the United States Air Force , who worked as a policy advisor to President Barack Obama .
The Chief of Naval Personnel ( CNP ) is responsible for overall manpower readiness for the United States Navy .
John Otto Siegel ( April 21 , 1892 -- August 15 , 1943 ) was a United States Navy Boatswain 's Mate Second Class who earned the Medal of Honor for extraordinary heroism while serving on board of the Mohawk ( YT-17 ) during World War I.
Abbas Babaei ( Persian : عباس بابایی‎‎ ) ( 5 December 1950 -- 6 August 1987 ) was an Iranian pilot and Brigadier General in the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force , during the Iran - Iraq War .
Francis Amasa Walker ( July 2 , 1840 -- January 5 , 1897 ) was an American economist , statistician , journalist , educator , academic administrator , and military officer in the Union Army .
Henry Louis Bouquet , generally known as Henry Bouquet ( 1719 -- 2 September 1765 ) was a prominent British Army officer in the French and Indian War and Pontiac 's War .
General Sir George Alexander Weir KCB , CMG , DSO ( 1 December 1876 -- 15 November 1951 ) was a British Army officer who served in the Second Boer War and World War I.
Lieutenant General Gerardus Johannes Berenschot ( Solok , July 24 , 1887 -- Kemayoran , Batavia ( Jakarta ) , October 13 , 1941 ) was Commander - in_Chief of the Koninklijk Nederlands Indisch Leger ( Royal Netherlands East Indies Army ; KNIL ) .
Richard Stout ( 1836 -- August 6 , 1896 ) was a Union Navy sailor during the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Stono River .
The Vice Chief of Naval Operations ( VCNO ) is the second highest - ranking commissioned officer in the United States Navy .
Richard George Voge ( 4 May 1904 -- 1948 ) , born in Chicago , Illinois , was an officer in the United States Navy .
The 88th Regiment of Foot ( Connaught Rangers ) ( `` the Devil 's Own '' ) was an infantry Regiment of the British Army , one of eight Irish regiments raised and garrisoned in Ireland .
Major - General Thomas Brodie , CB , CBE , DSO ( 20 November 1903 -- 1 September 1993 ) was a British Army soldier who saw service in World War II , Palestine and the Korean War .
General William Twiss , ( 1745 -- 14 March 1827 ) , was a British Army Royal Engineer , responsible for the design of many military defences .
The 33rd Army Tank Brigade ( later 33rd Tank Brigade ) was an armoured brigade formation of the British Army raised during World War II .
Major - General John Harold Owen Wilsey CB CBE DSO ( 1904 -- 20 July 1961 ) was a British Army officer who commanded 2nd Division .
General Sir William Houston , 1st Baronet GCB GCH ( 10 August 1766 -- 8 April 1842 ) was a General in the British Army and the Governor of Gibraltar .
William Michael Crose ( February 8 , 1867 -- April 4 , 1929 ) was a United States Navy Captain and the seventh Naval Governor of American Samoa , from November 10 , 1910 to March 14 , 1913 .
856 Naval Air Squadron ( 856 NAS ) was a Naval Air Squadron of the Royal Navy 's Fleet Air Arm .
The 43rd ( Monmouthshire ) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army .
Brigadier General Philip Maud CMG , CBE ( 8 August 1870 -- 28 February 1947 ) was an English officer of the British Army , who is most notable for setting the Maud Line , an imaginary border in Kenya , which set the original position of the disputed Ilemi Triangle .
The 58th Special Operations Wing ( 58 SOW ) is a combat unit of the United States Air Force stationed at Kirtland Air Force Base , New Mexico .
Admiral George Losack ( d. 19 September 1829 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who saw service in the American Revolutionary War the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Admiral Sir John Borlase Warren , 1st Baronet GCB GCH PC ( 2 September 1753 -- 27 February 1822 ) was a British Royal Navy officer , politician and diplomat .
Franklin Wharton ( July 23 , 1767 -- September 1 , 1818 ) was the third Commandant of the United States Marine Corps .
Wayne Maurice Caron ( November 2 , 1946 -- July 28 , 1968 ) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in the Vietnam War .
Eugene L. Tattini ( born April 5 , 1943 ) is a retired Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force and served as Deputy Director of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory from July 2001 to September 2013 .
Konrad Zeller ( 9 September 1911 -- 24 January 1996 ) was a Major der Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Major Friedrich Lang ( 12 January 1915 -- 29 December 2003 ) was a German World War II Luftwaffe Stuka ace .
Capt Wilma Leona Jackson was the third Director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps , serving in that position from 1954 to 1958 .
Lieutenant Commander John Eldridge , Jr. , USN ( 10 October 1903 -- 2 November 1942 ) was a United States Navy officer who received the Navy Cross posthumously for his role in the U.S. invasion of the Solomon Islands during World War II .
Alan Hardaker ( 29 July 1912 − 4 March 1980 ) was an English football administrator for the Football League , a wartime Royal Navy officer , and previously an amateur footballer .
Major - General Sir John Charles Ardagh KCMG KCIE CB ( 9 August 1840 -- 30 September 1907 ) , was an Anglo - Irish officer of the British Army , who served as a military engineer , surveyor , intelligence officer , and colonial administrator .
Renato Sandalli ( 25 February 1897 -- 23 October 1968 ) was an Italian Air Force general that led Regia Aeronautica between 27 July 1943 to 18 June 1944 .
Major - General Anthony Peter Grant Peterkin CB OBE ( born 6 July 1947 ) is a retired senior British Army officer .
Admiral James Vashon ( 9 August 1742 -- 27 October 1827 ) was a British officer of the Royal Navy .
Naib Subedar Chuni Lal , AC , VrC , SM was a soldier of 8th Battalion of Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry ( 8 JAK LI ) of Indian Army .
Edward Eden Bradford joined the Royal Navy as a cadet in 1872 , serving on the modern ironclad battleships Hercules , Monarch , and Sultan in the Channel Fleet .
Shahid Karimullah ( born 14 February 1948 in Urdu : شاهد كريم الله ; TI(M ) , SI(M ) , HI(M ) , NI(M ) , SJ ) , is a retired four - star admiral who served as the Chief of Naval Staff ( CNS ) , commanded Pakistan Navy from 2002 to 2005 .
Anthony A. Smalley ( 1836 -- 24 January 1894 ) was an ensign in the United States Navy during the American Civil War .
Lieutenant - Colonel William Blacker ( 1 September 1777 -- 25 November 1855 ) was a British Army officer , Commissioner of the Treasury of Ireland , and author .
The 317th Troop Carrier Group is an inactive United States Air Force unit .
William Faxon ( 1822 - -1883 ) was a journalist who served as chief clerk of the United States Navy from 1861 to 1866 and as United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy from 1866 until 1869 .
The Palestine Regiment was an infantry regiment of the British Army that was formed in 1942 .
The 87th ( Royal Irish Fusiliers ) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army , formed in 1793 and amalgamated into the Princess Victoria 's ( Royal Irish Fusiliers ) in 1881 .
The Glider Pilot Regiment was a British airborne forces unit of the Second World War which was responsible for crewing the British Army 's military gliders and saw action in the European Theatre of World War II in support of Allied airborne operations .
The 82nd Regiment of Foot ( Prince of Wales 's Volunteers ) was an infantry regiment of the British Army , created in 1793 and amalgamated into The Prince of Wales 's Volunteers ( South Lancashire Regiment ) in 1881 .
The 27th Armoured Brigade was an armoured brigade of the British Army that served in World War II and played a crucial role in the D - Day landings on 6 June 1944 and the following Battle of Normandy until disbandment in late 1944 .
Johan J. Johansson ( May 12 , 1870 -- December 4 , 1948 ) was an ordinary seaman serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
Brigadier General Joseph V. Medina ( born c. 1953 ) is a United States Marine Corps General whose career has taken him from an initial posting leading a rifle platoon to head of the contingency plans branch overseeing NATO 's Kosovo operation .
Sir Robert Pigot , 6th Baronet DSO MC ( 3 May 1882 -- 27 December 1977 ) was a British Army and later Royal Air Force officer who served in both world wars
Commander , U.S. Fleet Forces Command ( COMFLTFORCOM ) , is the title of the United States Navy officer who serves as the commanding officer of the United States Fleet Forces Command .
Joe Fowler ( July 9 , 1894 - December 6 , 1993 ) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy , who after his retirement had an important role in overseeing the construction of Disneyland and Walt Disney World .
The 86th ( Royal County Down ) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army , formed in 1793 and amalgamated into The Royal Irish Rifles following the Childers Reforms in 1881 .
Field Marshal Sir John Forster FitzGerald , GCB ( c.1785 -- 24 March 1877 ) , was a soldier from Ireland who served as an officer in the British Army .
Group Captain Brian Paddon DSO ( born 24 August 1908 ) , was a Royal Air Force pilot who became a Prisoner of War and successfully escaped from Colditz Castle during the Second World War
Admiral The Honourable Henry John Rous ( 23 January 1795 -- 19 June 1877 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy , who served during the Napoleonic Wars , and was later a Member of Parliament and a leading figure in horse racing .
Richard Franchot ( June 2 , 1816 -- November 23 , 1875 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York and then an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Francis Cogswell ( August 19 , 1887 -- September 22 , 1939 ) was a captain in the United States Navy who served in World War I and was a Navy Cross recipient .
James E. McPherson ( born c. 1955 ) is a retired United States Navy officer , and served as the 39th Judge Advocate General of the Navy , from 2004 to 2006 .
Richard F. Abel is a retired Brigadier General in the United States Air Force .
Guy II of Ponthieu ( c. 1120 - -25 December 1147 ) was the son of William III of Ponthieu and Helie of Burgundy .
Isabella Jagiellon ( Hungarian : Izabella királyné ; Polish : Izabela Jagiellonka ; 18 January 1519 -- 15 September 1559 ) was the oldest child of Polish King Sigismund I the Old and his Italian wife Bona Sforza .
Mette Newth was born in Oslo as the daughter of journalist , crime writer and revue writer Fridtjof Knutsen and his wife Alfhild Gundersen ( known as the crime writer Lalli Knutsen , and under the pseudonym Lalli Løvland ) .
Maximilian , Duke of Hohenberg ( 29 September 1902 -- 8 January 1962 ) , was the eldest son of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria - Hungary , and his wife Sophie , Duchess of Hohenberg .
Peter Antonovich of Brunswick - Lüneburg ( 1745 - -1798 ) , was the second son of Duke Anthony Ulrich of Brunswick and Grand Duchess Anna Leopoldovna of Russia , and younger brother of Ivan VI .
Nellie Grant ( July 4 , 1855 -- August 30 , 1922 ) was the third child and only daughter of U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant and First Lady Julia Grant .
Johanna of Hanau - Lichtenberg , Countess of Eberstein ( 1507 -- 27 January 1572 ) was a German noblewoman , the eldest daughter of Philipp III , Count of Hanau - Lichtenberg ( 18 October 1482 -- 15 May 1538 ) and Margravine Sibylle of Baden ( 26 April 1485 -- 10 July 1518 ) .
Shahzadi Zubdat - un - Nissa Begum ( 2 September 1651 -- 17 February 1707 ) was a Mughal princess and the third daughter of Emperor Aurangzeb and his Empress consort Dilras Banu Begum .
If Bragi 's mother is Frigg , then Frigg is somewhat dismissive of Bragi in the Lokasenna in stanza 27 when Frigg complains that if she had a son in Ægir 's hall as brave as Baldr then Loki would have to fight for his life .
Alexander Soros is the son of billionaire George Soros and Susan Weber Soros .
Ingibiorg Finnsdottir ( Standard Old Norse : Ingibjörg Finnsdóttir ) was a daughter of Earl Finn Arnesson and Bergljot Halvdansdottir ( Halfdansdottir ) , a niece of the Norwegian Kings Saint Olaf and Harald Hardraade .
Tullia Ciceronis , also Tulliola ( as affectionately known to her father ; 5 August 79 BC or 78 BC -- February 45 BC ) was the only daughter and first child to Roman orator and politician Marcus Tullius Cicero from his first marriage to Terentia .
Patrick Hemingway ( born June 28 , 1928 ) is Ernest Hemingway 's second son , and the first born to Hemingway 's second wife Pauline Pfeiffer .
François de Bourbon , Prince of Conti ( 19 August 1558 -- 3 August 1614 ) was the third son of Louis de Bourbon , Prince of Condé , a junior line of the House of Bourbon , and his first wife Eléanor de Roucy de Roye ) .
In the most well - known version of the myth , Oedipus was born to King Laius and Queen Jocasta .
Jean de Dunois ( 23 November 1402 -- 24 November 1468 ) , also called John of Orléans and Jean de Duno ( Jean d'Orléans ) , was the illegitimate son of Louis I , Duke of Orléans , by Mariette d'Enghien .
Bertrade de Montfort ( c. 1070 -- 14 February 1117 ) was the daughter of Simon I de Montfort and Agnes , Countess of Evreux .
In Greek mythology , Iynx was an Arkadian Oreiad nymph ; a daughter of the god Pan and either Peitho or Echo .
Suzanne Farrington ( née Holman ; 10 October 1933 -- 1 March 2015 ) was the only child of Vivien Leigh and Leigh 's first husband , Herbert Leigh Holman .
Louise Bénédicte de Bourbon ( Anne Louise Bénédicte ; 8 November 1676 -- 23 January 1753 ) , was the daughter of Henri Jules de Bourbon , Prince of Condé and Anne Henriette of Bavaria .
Christian Gyldenløve ( Copenhaguen , 28 February 1674 - Odense , 16 July 1703 ) , was one of five illegitimate children fathered by Christian V of Denmark with Sophie Amalie Moth .
Princess Nathalie of Sayn - Wittgenstein - Berleburg ( Nathalie Xenia Margrethe Benedikte ; born 2 May 1975 , in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is the youngest daughter of Prince Richard of Sayn - Wittgenstein - Berleburg and Princess Benedikte of Denmark and niece of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and Queen Anne - Marie of Greece .
Nero Claudius Drusus , later Drusus Julius Caesar ( adoptive name ; 13 BC -- 14 September AD 23 ) , was the only child of Roman Emperor Tiberius and his first wife , Vipsania Agrippina .
Kim Sul - song , or Kim Seol - song ( born December 30 , 1974 ) , is the daughter of North Korea 's former leader Kim Jong - Il and Kim Young - sook .
François - Victor Hugo ( 28 October 1828 -- 26 December 1873 ) was the fourth of five children of French novelist Victor Hugo and his wife Adèle Foucher .
Ramesses VI Nebmaatre - Meryamun ( also written Ramses and Rameses ) was the fifth ruler of the Twentieth dynasty of Egypt who reigned from 1145 BC to 1137 BC and a son of Ramesses III by Iset Ta - Hemdjert .
Alice of Armenia ( 1182 -- after 1234 ) was the eldest daughter of Ruben III , Prince of Armenia and his wife Isabella of Toron .
Alma Manon Gropius ( October 5 , 1916 -- April 22 , 1935 ) was the daughter of the architect Walter Gropius and the composer and diarist Alma Mahler and the stepdaughter of the novelist and poet Franz Werfel .
Merriwa River rises on the southern slopes of the Great Dividing Range , below Oxleys Peak , north of Merriwa and flows generally south , joined by eight minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Goulburn River below Mount Kerrabee .
City Hero is a 1985 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Dennis Yu and starring Dean Shek , Mark Cheng , Bennett Pang , Anthony Tang , Billy Lau and Michael Wong .
The longest - running television soap opera produced by the BBC , Pobol y Cwm was originally transmitted on BBC Wales television and later transferred to the Welsh - language station S4C when it opened in November 1982 .
A Suitable Boy is set in a newly post - independence , post - partition India .
Six Degrees ( or 6˚ ) is an American dramatic television series about six residents of New York City and their respective relationships and connections with one another , based on the idea of six degrees of separation .
Sabaka is a 1954 American adventure film written , directed and co - produced by Frank Ferrin that was shot on location in India .
Marius and Jeannette live in the same working - class apartment complex in Marseille , in close proximity with their neighbors .
Beat Street is an American 1984 drama film featuring New York City hip hop culture of the early 1980s ; breakdancing , DJing , and graffiti .
Faithfully Yours is a 1988 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Wa - kei and starring Jacky Cheung , Max Mok , Stephen Chow and Sharla Cheung .
Mismatched Couples ( aka Love Meets the Match ) is a 1985 Hong Kong action romantic comedy film directed by Yuen Woo - ping and starring himself alongside Donnie Yen .
As a representative for his associates Meyer Lansky and Charlie Luciano , Bugsy is in California to wrestle control of betting parlors away from Los Angeles gangster Jack Dragna .
Because Olympus Has Fallen was filmed so far from its actual setting of Washington , D.C. , the entire production relied heavily upon visual effects , particularly computer - generated imagery .
The Mandala of Sherlock Holmes ( published in the U.S. as Sherlock Holmes : The Missing Years ) is a Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Jamyang Norbu , originally published in India in 1999 .
From the Rough is a sports drama film based on the true story of Catana Starks , a former Tennessee State Tigers swim coach , who became the first woman ever to coach a college men 's golf team .
The Magical Adventures of Quasimodo is an animated television series based on Victor Hugo 's novel Notre Dame de Paris .
The Man Who Loved Dirty Books is a crime novel by the American writer David Guy set in 1970s Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Set in 19th century London , Jack Maggs is a reworking of the Charles Dickens novel Great Expectations .
Shadow in the Mirror is a crime novel by the American writer Robert Aiello set in contemporary Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Do n't Be Tardy is an American reality television series starring former Real Housewives of Atlanta cast member Kim Zolciak .
Tom , Dick and Hairy is a 1993 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Lee Chi - ngai and Peter Chan and starring Tony Leung Chiu - wai , Tony Leung Ka - fai and Lawrence Cheng as the three titular protagonists .
Black Dynamite was shot in the Leimert Park and Angeles Vista sections of Los Angeles over twenty days , with several green - screen days and one reshoot day .
Infernal Affairs is a 2002 Hong Kong crime - thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak .
Kat Arujo ( Annabeth Gish ) , Daisy Arujo ( Julia Roberts ) , and Jojo Barbosa ( Lili Taylor ) , who are waitresses at Mystic Pizza in Mystic , Connecticut .
The Last Conflict is a 1988 Hong Kong action crime thriller television film produced by TVB directed by Raymond Lee and starring Donnie Yen , Adia Chan , Francis Ng , Stephen Chow , Lau Kong and Andy Tai .
The novel is set over four days in London , where homeless 22-year - old Ripley Bogle aimlessly wanders the streets and , with angry satire , reflects on his life , directly addressing the reader .
The Case of Jennie Brice is a crime novel by the American writer Mary Roberts Rinehart ( 1876 - -1956 ) set in 1904 in Allegheny , Pennsylvania , which has been a part of the city of Pittsburgh since 1907 .
Exterior location scenes for Any Wednesday were filmed in Manhattan , New York City .
A Simple Life ( Chinese : 桃姐 ; Jyutping : Tou4 Ze2 ) , also known as Sister Peach , is a 2011 Hong Kong drama film directed by Ann Hui and starring Andy Lau and Deanie Ip .
The film is set in Delhi , where four `` Fukrey '' ( a colloquial Punjabi term for slackers ) boys , come together to make easy money .
I m Angesicht des Verbrechens is a German television series about the Russian mafia in Berlin .
Mahalingam ( Nassar ) , an industrialist in Chennai and a friend of Singam 's father , comes to the village with his daughter Kavya ( Anushka Shetty ) .
Danger Bay is a Canadian television series , produced in Vancouver , with first - run episodes broadcast on CBC Television and The Disney Channel starting October 7 , 1985 .
Set in the seedy parts of New York City , Killer Condom follows gay Detective Luigi Mackeroni ( Udo Samel ) , who has been hired to investigate a series of bizarre attacks at the Hotel Quickie in which male guests have all had their penises mysteriously bitten off .
After four seasons , Rhoda left Minneapolis and returned to her original hometown of New York City .
Into the Gauntlet begins as Amy and Dan Cahill enter a London hotel tired and with no lead whatsoever .
Adam & Paul is a 2004 Irish film which follows a day in the life of two Dublin drug addicts , Adam and Paul , as they wander around Dublin trying to score heroin .
Although the documentary did n't mention The Jackie Thomas Show , the Los Angeles Times ' Jeff Kaye said that `` the documentary unveils a real - life , parallel universe to the new series . ''
Protecting Our Children is a British documentary television series about social workers in the child protection department in Bristol .
Rocketship X - M tells the story of a Moon expedition that , through a series of unforeseen events , winds up traveling instead to distant Mars .
The Heartland Series was conceived in 1984 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park with a special series celebrating the people and land of the Southern Appalachian Mountains .
François - Henri Désérable ( born Amiens , France , 6 February 1987 ) is a French author and a former professional ice hockey player .
Roger Pierre ( 30 August 1923 in Paris , France -- 23 January 2010 ) was a French comedic actor .
Émile Brami ( born April 19 , 1950 ) is a French writer and bookseller of Tunisian origin .
Augustin Laurent ( 9 September 1896 -- 1 October 1990 ) was a French coal miner , journalist and socialist politician .
Darry Cowl ( born André Darricau ; 27 August 1925 -- 14 February 2006 ) was a French actor and musician .
Ngalandou Diouf ( var . Galandou Diouf ) ( 14 September 1875 - 6 August 1941 ) born in Saint - Louis Senegal , was the first African elected official from the advent of colonialism in the territory of French West Africa .
Rémy Montagne ( January 9 , 1917 -- January 10 , 1991 ) was a French lawyer , politician and media proprietor .
Antoine - Guillaume Rampon ( 16 March 1759 - 2 March 1842 ) joined the French army as a private soldier and rose in rank to become a general officer during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Armand Lunel ( 9 June 1892 -- 3 November 1977 ) was a French writer and the last known speaker of Shuadit ( Judeo - Provençal ) , a now - extinct Occitan language .
Ahmed - Idriss Moussa ( born January 1 , 1933 in Djibouti ) is a politician from Djibouti who served in the French National Assembly from 1962 - 1967 .
Richard Millet ( 1953 - ) is a French author .
Hervé Roullet ( 7 September 1947 ) is a composer and French Catholic writer .
Jean - Richard Bloch ( May 25 , 1884 -- March 15 , 1947 ) was a French critic , novelist and playwright .
Robert Brasillach ( French pronunciation : ( ʁɔbɛʁ bʁazijak ) ) ( 31 March 1909 -- 6 February 1945 ) was a French author and journalist .
Pierre Louis Prieur ( Prieur de la Marne ) ( 1 August 1756 -- 31 May 1827 ) was a French lawyer elected to the Estates - General of 1789 .
François - Nicholas - Madeleine Morlot ( Dec 28 , 1795 , Langres -- Dec 29 , 1862 , Paris ) was a French Catholic Archbishop of Paris , from 1857 to 1862 , and Cardinal .
Pierre Ceyrac ( born 18 September 1946 in Douai , Nord ) was a longstanding friend of Jean Marie Le Pen who served the French Front National Party first as a Deputy ( 1986 ) to the National Assembly of France , and then ( 1988 ) as a Member of the European Parliament .
Ralf Walter ( born on 15 March 1958 in Andernach ) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Social Democratic Party of Germany , part of the Socialist Group and is vice - chair of the European Parliament 's Committee on Budgets .
Ambroise Vollard ( 3 July 1866 -- 21 July 1939 ) is regarded as one of the most important dealers in French contemporary art at the beginning of the twentieth century .
Helmut Heiderich ( born 4 February 1949 Lautenhausen , Germany ) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) , and a member of Bundestag .
Élodie Frégé is a French singer and actress .
Bernard Verlhac ( 21 August 1957 -- 7 January 2015 ) , known by the pseudonym Tignous ( French : ( tiɲus ) ) , was a French cartoonist .
Christian Bourquin ( French : ( buʁkɛ̃ ) ; 7 October 1954 -- 26 August 2014 ) was a French politician , a member of the Socialist Party .
Françoise Xenakis ( born Françoise Gargouïl , 27 September 1930 ) is a French novelist and journalist , born in Blois , Loir - et - Cher .
Pierre Garnier de Laboissière ( 11 March 1755 -- 14 April 1809 ) commanded a French infantry division during the War of the Second Coalition .
Jean - Paul Clébert ( born 23 February 1926 -- 21 September 2011 ) was a French writer .
Guillaume Dasquié ( b. Cahors , 4 February 1966 ) is a French journalist and writer who specialises in matters of intelligence and terrorism .
Jacqueline Francell ( Paris , 24 March 1908 -- Neuilly - sur - Seine , 12 October 1962 ) was a French singer , stage and film actress .
Gérard Boulanger ( born October 1948 ) is a French lawyer and human rights activist .
Bernard Fresson ( 27 May 1931 -- 20 October 2002 ) was a French cinema actor .
Louis Marchegay ( 5 October 1869 Rochefort -- 15 September 1933 , Saint - Germain - de - Prinçay ) , was a French politician .
Christian Bouchet ( born 17 January 1955 in Angers , Maine - et - Loire ) is a French far right journalist and politician .
Patrice Tirolien ( born 17 March 1946 in Grand - Bourg , Guadeloupe ) is a French politician who served in the French National Assembly from 1995 - -1997 and is also a Member of the European Parliament elected in the 2009 European election for the Overseas constituency .
Fily Dabo Sissoko was a Malian author and political leader , born 15 May 1900 at Horokoto ( French Soudan , now in Mali 's Bafoulabé Cercle ) .
Joseph Malègue ( 8 December 1876 -- 30 December 1940 ) , was a French catholic novelist , principally author of Augustin ou le Maître est là ( 1933 ) and Pierres noires .
Edmond François Valentin About ( 14 February 1828 -- 16 January 1885 ) was a French novelist , publicist and journalist .
Auguste Mercier ( 8 December 1833 , Arras -- 3 March 1921 , Paris ) was a French general and Minister of War at the time of the Dreyfus Affair .
Robert Plagnol is a French actor , who starred as ' Boris Vilde ' in the French TV series Résistance .
Brigitte Catillon ( born 20 July 1951 ) is a French actress and screenwriter .
Dieter Aderhold ( 27 November 1939 -- 19 June 1989 ) was a German cathedratic and politician .
Louis - Jean Pin ( born 1734 , date of death unknown ) was a French comic - actor and theatre director .
Jean Lorrain ( 9 August 1855 in Fécamp , Seine - Maritime -- 30 June 1906 ) , born Paul Alexandre Martin Duval , was a French poet and novelist of the Symbolist school .
Jean Luchaire ( 21 July 1901 -- 22 February 1946 ) was a French journalist and politician who became the head of the French collaborationist press in Paris during the German military occupation .
Jonkheer Andries Cornelis Dirk de Graeff ( 7 August 1872 -- 24 April 1957 ) was a Governor General of Dutch East Indies and a Dutch minister for foreign affairs .
Baron Jacques d'Adelswärd - Fersen ( 20 February 1880 -- 5 November 1923 ) was a French novelist and poet .
Henri - Pierre Roché ( 28 May 1879 -- 9 April 1959 ) was a French author who was deeply involved with the artistic avant - garde in Paris and the Dada movement .
Paul Jules Barbier ( 8 March 1825 -- 16 January 1901 ) was a French poet , writer and opera librettist who often wrote in collaboration with Michel Carré .
Jacques - Antoine Manuel ( 10 December 1775 -- 20 August 1827 ) was a French lawyer , politician , and noted orator .
Emanuel de Witte ( 1617 - -1692 ) was a Dutch perspective painter .
Guillaume Le Breton ( sometimes also called Gabriel ) was a French dramatist of the sixteenth century .
Antonio Juliano ( born 1 January 1943 ) is a former Italian footballer who played as a midfielder .
Pierre Louis de Lacretelle ( 9 October 1751 -- 5 September 1824 ) was a French lawyer , politician and writer .
Jacques - Louis Hénon ( 31 May 1802 , Lyon - 28 March 1872 , Montpellier ) was a French republican politician .
Muriel Cerf ( 4 June 1950 , Paris -- 19 May 2012 Anet ) was a French novelist and travel writer .
Yin Xiangjie ( born 15 February 1969 ) is a Chinese Mandopop singer , host , and actor .
Michel Noir(born 19 May 1944 ) is a French politician .
Frédéric Pagès ( French : ( paʒɛs ) ; born 1950 ) is a French journalist noted for his work with the satirical weekly , Le Canard enchaîné .
Philippe Clay ( March 7 , 1927 -- December 13 , 2007 ) , born Philippe Mathevet , was a French mime artist , singer and actor .
Heinrich Krone ( 1 December 1895 in Hessisch Oldendorf -- 15 August 1989 in Bonn ) was a German Christian - Democratic politician .
Maryse Wolinski ( born in Algiers on 3 May 1943 ) is a French writer and journalist .
Rémi Mathis FRSA , ( born 20 November 1982 ) is a French historian , curator , and free - culture advocate .
Gerhard Noodt ( September 4 , 1647 -- August 15 , 1725 ) was a Dutch jurist , born in Nijmegen .
Pierre Joffroy ( born 1929 in Lorraine , France ) is a French author , dramaturge and journalist who wrote for Paris Match , Libération and L'Express .
Shin Kyeong - nim ( Hangul : 신경림 ) is a South Korean writer who is known as a `` poet of the people ''
Joris van Overeem ( born 1 June 1994 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for AZ in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Bärbel Beuermann ( born 16 September 1955 ) is a German politician ( The Left ) , and was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine - Westphalia as a list MP since the state election held on 9 May 2010 .
Jean de Boishue ( born 1943 ) is a French aristocrat , politician and author .
Louis Mélennec de Beyre ( born 18 March 1941 , Guilvinec , Finistère ) is a French lawyer , doctor , singer and historian writing and performing as Louis Mélennec and active in Breton nationalism .
Baroness Hélène van Zuylen van Nijevelt van de Haar or Hélène de Zuylen de Nyevelt de Haar , née de Rothschild ( 21 August 1863 -- 17 October 1947 ) , was a French socialite , author , a sporting figure in Parisian life and a member of the prominent Rothschild banking family of France .
Themistocles Gluck ( 30 November 1853 in Iaşi , Moldavia ; -- 25 April 1942 in Berlin ) was a German physician and surgeon .
Jean Malaurie ( born December 22 , 1922 ) is a French cultural anthropologist , geographer , physicist , and writer .
Pierre Antoine Monneron ( 16 January 1747 -- 8 June 1801 ) was a French merchant , banker , writer and politician .
Kirsten Lühmann ( born 1964 ) is a German politician with the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) , deputy federal chairwoman of the German Civil Service Federation and , since the German federal elections of 2009 , a member of parliament for the SPD .
Jean - Noël Pancrazi is a French author born in Sétif , Algeria , on April 28 , 1949 .
Valérie Benguigui ( 6 November 1965 -- 2 September 2013 ) was a French actress and theater director .
Dominique Laffin ( June 3 , 1952 in Saint - Mandé , Val - de - Marne , France -- June 12 , 1985 in Paris ) was a French actress , who has appeared in 19 films between 1975 and 1985 .
Gabrielle Wittkop ( née Menardeau ) ( 1920 - 2002 ) was a French writer .
Marie - Jean Hérault de Séchelles ( 20 September 1759 -- 5 April 1794 ) was a French judge and politician who took part in the French Revolution .
Désiré Guillaume Édouard Monnais ( 27 May 1798 -- 25 February 1868 ) was a French journalist , theater director , playwright and librettist .
Pascale Fonteneau ( born April 29 , 1963 ) is a French - born journalist and novelist in Belgium .
Maurice Le Glay ( 1868 -- 3 April 1936 ) was a French Army officer and author of works on Morocco .
Yola d'Avril ( 1907 -- 1984 ) was a French - born actress , who appeared in numerous American productions between 1925 and 1953 .
Saint - Amand Bazard ( 18 September 1791 -- 29 July 1832 ) was a French socialist , the founder of a secret society in France corresponding to the Carbonari of Italy .
Ernest Chénière ( born April 26 , 1945 in Rivière - Salée , Martinique ) is a French politician who represented the department of Oise in the French National Assembly from 1993 - 1997 .
Julia Reda ( born 30 November 1986 ) is a German politician and activist .
Simon Tyssot de Patot ( 1655 - -1738 ) was a French writer and poet during the Age of Enlightenment who penned two very important , seminal works in fantastic literature .
Ingo Friedrich ( born January 24 , 1942 , in Kutno - Wartheland ) is a former German ( Bavarian ) Member of the European Parliament .
Sylvia Löhrmann ( born March 1 , 1957 , Essen , Germany ) is a German politician .
Louis Tirlet ( 14 March 1771 , Moiremont - 29 November 1841 , Fontaine - en - Dormois ) was a French général de division and artillery specialist during the Napoleonic Wars .
Paterne Berrichon - the pseudonym of Pierre - Eugène Dufour , born 10 January 1855 at Issoudun and died 30 July 1922 at La Rochefoucauld - was a French poet , painter , sculptor and designer .
Ursula Caberta y Diaz ( born 22 March 1950 ) is a German politician , former State of Hamburg government official and was the Commissioner for the Scientology Task Force of the Hamburg Interior Authority .
Fabienne Keller ( born in 1959 in Sélestat , Bas - Rhin ) was the mayor ( Union for French Democracy ) of Strasbourg , France , from March 2001 to March 2008 .
Paul Bert ( 17 October 1833 -- 11 November 1886 ) was a French zoologist , physiologist and politician .
Seyhan Kurt is a French - Turkish poet , writer and sociologist .
André Salmon ( 4 October 1881 , Paris -- 12 March 1969 , Sanary - sur - Mer ) was a French poet , art critic and writer .
Knut Fleckenstein ( born 20 December 1953 in Bad Nauheim ) is a German politician who serves as an MEP for the Social Democratic Party of Germany .
Ange - Élisabeth - Louis - Antoine Bonnier d'Alco ( 1750 in Montpellier -- 28 April 1799 ) was a French diplomat during the French Revolution .
Pierre - Joseph Cambon ( 10 June 1756 -- 15 February 1820 ) was a French statesman .
Jacques Doillon ( born 15 March 1944 ) is a French film director .
Štefan Harabin ( born 4 May 1957 ) is a former Slovak judge and politician , member of the HZDS party and former Minister of Justice of Slovakia from 4 July 2006 to 23 June 2009 .
Jean de la Roque ( 1661 -- December 8 , 1745 ) was a French traveller and journalist born in Marseille .
Louis - Mathias , Count de Barral ( 26 April 1746 -- 7 June 1816 ) was a French church figure .
Kwee Tek Hoay ( Chinese : 郭德懷 ; pinyin : Guō Déhuái ; 31 July 1886 -- 4 July 1951 ) was an ethnic Chinese Malay - language writer of novels and drama , and a journalist .
Gaston Bardet ( 1907 - -1989 ) was a French architect and writer .
Jean Pelet , known as Pelet de la Lozère ( Saint - Jean - du - Gard , 23 February 1759 -- Paris , 26 January 1842 ) was a French politician .
Florent Chrestien ( January 26 , 1541 -- October 3 , 1596 ) was a French satirist and Latin poet .
Henri Serre ( born 26 February 1931 ) is a French actor who is best known as Jim , a `` vivid , melancholy , and finally tragic figure '' in François Truffaut 's Jules and Jim .
Jean - Jacques Servan - Schreiber , often referred to as JJSS ( 13 February 1924 , in Paris -- 7 November 2006 , in Fécamp ) , was a French journalist and politician .
Alex van Warmerdam ( born 14 August 1952 ) is a Dutch screenwriter , film director , and actor .
Hermann Scheer ( April 29 , 1944 -- October 14 , 2010 ) was a Social Democrat member of the German Bundestag ( Parliament ) , President of Eurosolar ( The European Association for Renewable Energy ) and General Chairman of the World Council for Renewable Energy .
Hermann Nuding ( born Oberurbach 3 July 1902 : died Stuttgart 31 December 1966 ) was a German politician , political party official ( KPD ) and , after 1945 , an opponent of German re - armament .
Jacques Mallet du Pan ( 1749 -- 10 May 1800 ) was a French journalist , who took up the Royalist cause during the French Revolution .
René de Ceccatty ( born 1 January 1952 in Tunis ) is a French writer , translator and editor .
Pierre Abelin ( May 16 , 1909 -- May 23 , 1977 ) was a French Christian Democratic politician , parliamentarian and government minister .
Roger Vailland ( October 16 , 1907 - May 12 , 1965 ) was a French novelist , essayist , and screenwriter .
Antoine - Adrien Lamourette ( 31 May 1742 - -11 January 1794 ) was a French politician .
Paul Ferrier ( 29 March 1843 - September 1920 ) was a French dramatist , who also provided libretti for several composers , especially Varney and Serpette .
Pascale Boistard ( born 4 January 1971 ) is a French politician and current State Secretary for Women 's Rights .
Jakob Smits or Jacob Smits ( Rotterdam , 9 July 1855 - Achterbos ( Mol ) , 15 February 1928 ) was a Dutch - Flemish painter .
Henri Desfontaines ( 12 November 1876 , Paris -- 7 January 1931 , Paris ) was a French film director , actor and scriptwriter .
Jacob Geel ( November 12 , 1789 -- November 11 , 1862 ) was a Dutch scholar , critic and librarian .
Armand Trousseau ( 14 October 1801 -- 23 June 1867 ) was a French internist .
Alice David ( born 22 March 1987 ) is a French actress , known for the television series Bref ( 2011 ) and the film Babysitting ( 2014 ) .
André Lassagne ( 23 April 1911 - 3 April 1953 ) was a member of the French resistance during World War II . The secretary general of `` L'Armée Secrète '' ( AS ) , he was arrested ( along with Jean Moulin ) on June 21 , 1943 in Caluire - et - Cuire ( Rhône ) .
André Velter ( born 1945 ) , French poet , was born in Signy - l'Abbaye in the Ardennes région and was educated in Charleville and Paris .
Mah Laqa Bai ( 7 April 1768 -- 1824 ) , born Chanda Bibi , and sometimes referred to as Mah Laqa Chanda , was an Indian 18th century Urdu poet , courtesan and philanthropist based in Hyderabad .
Caroline de Barrau ( 1828 - -88 ) was a wealthy French educationalist , feminist , author and philanthropist .
Jean De Briac ( 15 August 1891 -- 18 October 1970 ) was a French film actor .
Marcel Herrand ( 8 October 1897 -- 11 June 1953 ) was a French stage and film actor best remembered for his roles in swashbuckling or historical films .
Jules Camille Victor Pomaret , known as Jules Nadi ( Nadi , the anagram of his wife , Dina ) ( 19 May 1872 -- 7 November 1928 ) was a French politician who represented Drôme in southeastern France .
Michel Tronchay ( October 1668 -- October 30 , 1733 ) was a French Catholic priest , writer , philosopher , and the secretary of French historian Louis - Sébastien Le Nain de Tillemont .
Gaël Morel ( born 25 September 1972 ) is a French film director , screenwriter and actor .
Alain - René Lesage ( French pronunciation : ​(alɛ̃ ʁəne ləsaʒ ) ; 6 May 1668 -- 17 November 1747 ; older spelling Le Sage ) was a French novelist and playwright .
Pierre - Jean Samot ( born August 21 , 1934 in Fort - de - France , Martinique ) is a politician from Martinique who served in the French National Assembly from 2002 - 2003 .
Willem Godschalck van Focquenbroch ( 1640 -- June 1670 ) was a Dutch poet and playwright .
Walter Behrendt ( September 18 , 1914 in Dortmund -- July 23 , 1997 ) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) and president of the European parliament ( 1971 - -1973 ) .
Franz - Olivier Giesbert ( born January 18 , 1949 in Wilmington , Delaware ) is a French journalist and author .
Anne Bignan ( 1795 - -1861 ) was a French poet and translator .
Erich Lüth ( b. February 1 , 1902 in Hamburg , d. April 1 , 1989 ) was a German writer and film director .
Charles - Louis de Secondat , Baron de La Brède et de Montesquieu ( /ˈmɒntᵻskjuː/ ; French : ( mɔ̃tɛskjø ) ; 18 January 1689 -- 10 February 1755 ) , generally referred to as simply Montesquieu , was a French lawyer , man of letters , and political philosopher who lived during the Age of Enlightenment .
Jacky Nercessian ( or Nersessian ( Armenian : Ժաքի Ներսեսյան ) , b. November 16 , 1950 ) is a French actor who is ethnically Armenian .
Yvan Goll ( born Isaac Lang ; 29 March 1891 -- 27 February 1950 ) was a French - German poet who was bilingual and wrote in both French and German .
Jean - François Roger , sometimes called François Roger ( 17 April 1776 , Langres -- 1 March 1842 ) , was a French politician , journalist , poet and dramatic author .
Sylvie Joly ( 18 October 1934 -- 4 September 2015 ) was a French actress and comedian .
Renée Faure ( 4 November 1919 in Paris -- 2 May 2005 in Clamart , Hauts de Seine ) was a French stage and film actress .
Peter Høeg ( born 17 May 1957 ) is a Danish writer of fiction .
Léon - Paul Fargue ( 4 March 1876 -- 24 November 1947 ) was a French poet and essayist .
Fanny Cottençon ( born 11 May 1957 ) is a French actress , born in Port - Gentil , Gabon ( then in French Equatorial Africa ) .
Edmond de Goncourt ( May 26 , 1822 -- July 16 , 1896 ) , born Edmond Louis Antoine Huot de Goncourt , was a French writer , literary critic , art critic , book publisher and the founder of the Académie Goncourt .
Sébastien Japrisot ( 4 July 1931 -- 4 March 2003 ) was a French author , screenwriter and film director , born in Marseille .
Marie - Louise Damien ( December 5 , 1889 -- January 31 , 1978 ) , better known by the stage name Damia , was a French singer and actress .
Lucie Jeanne ( born 13 March 1976 ) is a French television actress .
Jean - Baptiste Alphonse Karr ( 24 November 1808 -- 29 September 1890 ) was a French critic , journalist , and novelist .
Antoine Omer Talon ( 20 January 1760 in Paris--18 August 1811 in Gretz ) was a French counter - revolutionary .
Pierre Clément Eugène Pelletan ( 29 October 1813 -- 13 December 1884 ) was a French writer , journalist and politician .
Adèle Exarchopoulos ( French pronunciation : ​(adɛl ɛgzaʁkɔpulɔs ) ; born 22 November 1993 ) is a French actress .
Yi Ho - woo ( Hangul : 이호우 ) was a South Korean poet and journalist .
Hervé Morin ( born 17 August 1961 in Pont - Audemer , Eure ) is a French politician , leader of the New Center party and a former French Minister of Defence .
Yiannis Ritsos ( Greek : Γιάννης Ρίτσος ; 1 May 1909 -- 11 November 1990 ) was a Greek poet and left - wing activist and an active member of the Greek Resistance during World War II .
François Nourissier ( Paris , 18 May 1927 - -Paris , 15 February 2011 ) was a French journalist and writer .
Pierre Edmond Teisserenc de Bort ( 17 September 1814 at Châteauroux -- 29 July 1892 in Paris ) , was a French writer and politician .
Christian Jacq ( born April 28 , 1947 ) is a French author and Egyptologist .
Count Honoré Joseph Antoine Ganteaume ( La Ciotat , 13 April 1755 -- Aubagne , 28 July 1818 ) was a French Navy officer and Vice - admiral .
Christian Pineau ( French pronunciation : ​(kʁistjɑ̃ pino ) ; 14 October 1904 , in Chaumont - en - Bassigny , Haute - Marne , France -- 5 April 1995 , in Paris ) was a noted French Resistance fighter .
Michel Houellebecq ( French : ( miʃɛl wɛlbɛk ) ; born Michel Thomas ; 26 February 1958 or 1956 ) is a French author , filmmaker , and poet .
Jean Malonga ( February 25 , 1907 , Kibouende , French Congo -- 1985 ) is credited as one of the earliest of the modern Republic of Congo writers .
Ben Vautier ( born on July 18 , 1935 in Naples , Italy ) , also known simply as Ben , is a French artist .
Peter Wittig ( born 11 August 1954 ) is a German diplomat and has been Germany 's Ambassador to the United States since April 30 , 2014 .
Isidore Isou ( January 29 , 1925 -- July 28 , 2007 ) , born Isidor Goldstein , was a Romanian - born French poet , film critic and visual artist .
Spyridon Lambros or Lampros ( Greek : Σπυρίδων Λάμπρος ) ( 1851 - -1919 ) was a Greek history professor and , briefly , Prime Minister of Greece .
Jean Murat ( Périgueux , 13 July 1888-Aix - en - Provence , 5 January 1968 ) was a French actor .
Max Jacob ( French : ( maks ʒakɔb ) ; 12 July 1876 -- 5 March 1944 ) was a French poet , painter , writer , and critic .
Betty Mars ( born Yvette Baheux , 30 July 1944 in Paris - died 20 February 1989 in Paris ) was a French singer and actress , best known for her participation in the 1972 Eurovision Song Contest .
Christophe Hondelatte ( born 17 December 1962 in Bayonne , France ) is a French television and radio host who has worked for BFMTV since fall 2014 .
Benoît Régent ( 19 August 1953 - 21 October 1994 ) was a French motion - picture actor .
Marianne Birthler ( born 22 January 1948 in Friedrichshain , Berlin ) is a German human rights advocate and politician of the Alliance ' 90/The Greens .
Jan van der Heyden ( March 5 , 1637 , Gorinchem -- September 12 , 1712 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch Baroque - era painter , draughtsman , printmaker , a mennonite and inventor who significantly contributed to contemporary firefighting .
Félix Deschange ( 9 August 1832 , Rouvrois - sur - Othain - ? ) was a French republican politician .
André Chevrillon ( 3 May 1864 -- 9 July 1957 ) was a French writer , a nephew of Taine , who chose England and the Orient as objects of study .
Christine Carère ( 27 July 1930 -- 13 December 2008 ) , born Christine de Borde , was a French film actress .
Antoine Pesne ( French pronunciation : ​(pɛːn ) ) ( 29 May 1683 -- 5 August 1757 ) was a French - born court painter of Prussia .
Éric Degbegni , better known as Éric Blanc ( born October 10 , 1965 in Cotonou , Benin ) , is a French impersonator and comedian .
Nolwenn Korbell (; born 3 February 1968 in Quimper , Finistère ) , is a French Breton singer - songwriter and actress .
Jacques Defermon des Chapelieres ( 15 November 1752 - 20 July 1831 ) was a French statesman during the French Revolution and a supporter of Napoleon Bonaparte and the French Empire .
Roger Blin ( Neuilly - sur - Seine , France , 22 March 1907 -- Évecquemont , France , 21 January 1984 ) was a French actor and director notable for staging world premieres of Samuel Beckett 's Waiting for Godot in 1953 and Endgame ( play ) in 1957 .
Yves Cochet is a French politician , member of Europe Écologie--
Marie Louise Lévêque de Vilmorin ( 4 April 1902 -- 26 December 1969 ) was a French novelist , poet and journalist .
Paul Frankeur ( 29 June 1905 - 27 October 1974 ) was a French actor who appeared in films by Jacques Tati ( Jour de fête ) and Luis Buñuel ( The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie and The Phantom of Liberty ) .
Wladimir Yordanoff ( born 28 March 1954 ) is a French actor of Bulgarian origin .
Marc Augier ( nom de plume : Saint - Loup ) ( born 19 March 1908 in Bordeaux -- died 16 December 1990 in Paris ) was a French far right politician , writer and mountaineer .
Jean Georges Lefranc de Pompignan ( 22 February 1715 in Montauban -- 29 December 1790 in Paris ) was a French clergyman , younger brother of Jean - Jacques Lefranc , Marquis de Pompignan .
Margot Anand ( born July 27 , 1944 ) is a French author , teacher , seminar leader and public speaker .
Gilles Clément ( born at Argenton - sur - Creuse , Indre , France in 1943 ) , is a French gardener , garden designer , botanist , entomologist and writer .
Yi In - seong ( Hangul : 이인성 , hanja : 李仁星 ) is a South Korean modern novelist .
Pierre Bertaux ( 8 October 1907 in Lyon -- 14 August 1986 in Saint - Cloud , Hauts - de - Seine ) was a noted Resistant and French Germanist .
Jean - Baptiste Jourdan , 1st Comte Jourdan ( 29 April 1762 -- 23 November 1833 ) , enlisted as a private in the French royal army and rose to command armies during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Denys Kostyuk ( born 13 March 1982 ) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer , who rides for the Kolss BDC Team .
Vasyl Vasyltsiv ( Ukrainian : Васи́ль Васи́льців ; born June 26 , 1987 ) is an Ukrainian singer and composer .
Daily at Dawn was an Australian sitcom that screened in 1981 on the Seven Network .
The Law & Harry McGraw is an American TV series that ran on CBS from September 27 , 1987 to February 10 , 1988 .
My Friend Rabbit is currently aired on Qubo , 1TV , Boomerang , Treehouse TV , Fuji TV , KBS2 and Playhouse Disney ( UK & Ireland ) and was awarded the Pulcinella Award for Best Preschool TV Series 2008 , and the Alliance of Children 's Television award for Best Preschool Series 2009 .
Totally Busted is an adult hidden camera practical joke series that ran original episodes from 2003 to 2006 on Playboy TV .
`` Lift Off with Ayshea '' is a British TV show , produced by Granada Television for the ITV network , which ran for 144 editions spanning eight series , between November 1969 and December 1974 .
Kachorra is an Argentinian family telenovela , produced by Telefe and RGB Entertainment in 2002 , and protagonized by Natalia Oreiro and Pablo Rago .
Jackpot Bowling ( also known as Phillies Jackpot Bowling and Jackpot Bowling Starring Milton Berle ) was a professional bowling show on NBC from January 9 , 1959 to March 13 , 1961 .
House Doctor is a television programme , originally broadcast on Channel 5 in the UK .
Cartoon Sushi is an animation showcase program that aired on MTV from 1997 to 1998 .
Forbes on Fox is an American business analysis program , the third show of the Cost of Freedom business block , on Saturdays at 11:00 a.m. ET on the Fox News Channel .
A Very British Airline is a British documentary television series that was first broadcast on BBC Two on 2 June 2014 .
The Philco Television Playhouse is an American anthology series that was broadcast live on NBC from 1948 to 1955 .
Family Theater is a dramatic anthology radio show which aired on the Mutual Broadcasting System in the United States from February 13 , 1947 to September 11 , 1957 .
Second Verdict is a six - part BBC television series from 1976 , of dramatised documentaries in which classic criminal cases and unsolved crimes from history were re - appraised by fictional police officers .
Divine Design was a Canadian interior design show which airs on W Network in Canada and HGTV in the United States .
The Ann Sothern Show is an American sitcom starring Ann Sothern that aired on CBS for 93 episodes .
Uned 5 ( `` Unit 5 '' ) was a BAFTA award - winning teenage magazine show , broadcast live every week on Welsh channel S4C.
Sounds Good is a Canadian music television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1976 .
The Comic Strip Presents ... debuted on 2 November 1982 , the opening night of Channel 4 .
Major League Baseball on ABC is the de facto title of a program that televises Major League Baseball games on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) .
The Journey of Allen Strange is an American television series that aired on Nickelodeon 's SNICK block of programming for three seasons from 1997 to 2000 .
Quick on the Draw was an American game show that aired on the now - defunct DuMont Television Network .
The Hartmans ( also known as The Hartmans ( at Home ) ) is an American television sitcom that aired live on NBC on Sunday nights from February 27 to April 24 , 1949 .
Y'a pas photo was a French television program shown on TF1 from September 1997 , produced by Loribel and animated by Laurent Fontaine and Pascal Bataille , with help from Sophie Thalmann , Sabrina Kléber , and Georges Chétochine .
Austin City Limits ( ACL ) is an American public television music program recorded live in Austin , Texas , by Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) member television station KLRU , and broadcast on many PBS stations around the United States .
PB&J Otter is an American animated children 's television series which premiered on Playhouse Disney on March 15 , 1998 .
Alan Davies Après - Ski is a British comedy television series that broadcasts on BBC Two from 7 to 21 February 2014 to coincide with the beginning , middle and end of the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Manzilein Apani Apani is an Indian television series that aired on Zee TV , based on the lives of two cousin brothers :
Arthur Godfrey 's Talent Scouts ( also known as Talent Scouts ) was an American radio and television variety show which ran on CBS from 1946 until 1958 .
Auction Kings is a reality television series produced by Authentic Entertainment for the Discovery Channel .
Cuore contro cuore ( Heart to heart ) is a 2004 Italian television series directed by Riccardo Mosca , produced by Taodue and broadcast on Canale 5 during the summer of 2010 .
Best Friends Whenever is an American multi - camera sitcom developed for Disney Channel , created by Jed Elinoff and Scott Thomas and executive produced by Jed Elinoff , Scott Thomas , and Michael B. Kaplan .
Gary & Mike is a television show that aired on UPN in 2001 and Comedy Central in 2003 .
Surviving the Cut was a military documentary / reality television series produced by 2 Roosters Media for the Discovery Channel .
A Place for Everything was a Canadian television nature series which aired on CBC Television from 1964 to 1966 .
The Big Fat Quiz of the Year is an annual British television programme broadcast in the last or first week of the year on Channel 4 .
Hidden Palms is an American teen drama television series that ran from May 30 until July 4 , 2007 , on The CW in the United States .
Shafted was a short - lived British quiz show on ITV , presented by Robert Kilroy - Silk , based on game theory .
O Dono do Mundo ( English : The Owner of the World ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo in 1991 and 1992 .
Liocracy was a Canadian television comedy series , which aired on The Comedy Network in 2001 and 2002 .
Pangarap na Bituin ( lit . The Star We Dreamt ) is a Filipino primetime TV series produced by ABS - CBN , from September 3 , 2007 to December 7 , 2007 .
I Polykatoikia ( The Block of Flats ) ( Greek : H Πολυκατοικία ) , is a popular Greek Comedy television series , originally broadcast on Mega Channel and lasting for three seasons , from October 6 , 2008 until May 27 , 2011 .
Is There Life After Youth ? is a Canadian talk show television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1974 .
Theatre Canada , subtitled Canadian Short Stories , is a Canadian dramatic television series which aired on CBC Television in 1970 .
Jumping Ship ( also known as Horse Sense 2 ) is the 2001 sequel to the Disney Channel Original Movie , Horse Sense .
A - List Listings is an American reality television series that debuted October 24 , 2012 , on E!.
Komplottet ( ' The Ploy ' ) was a Norwegian television show that aired on TV3 from 1996 to 1998 and in a revived version in 2003 .
A Show from Two Cities was a Canadian variety television miniseries which aired on CBC Television from 1963 to 1964 .
Win Your Wish List is a BBC National Lottery game show that is broadcast on BBC One since 27 December 2014 .
Preston Pig is a children 's cartoon show , which aired on CITV .
Garnock Way was a short - lived Scottish soap opera , produced by Scottish Television for the ITV network , running from 1976 to 1979 .
The Mike O'Malley Show was an American sitcom on NBC that aired only two episodes .
Ffeil ( File ) is a Welsh - language television news programme for children and young people , produced by BBC Cymru Wales for S4C.
Triple Zero Heroes is an Australian observational documentary series that airs on the Seven Network .
Please Give Me a Job ! is a Malaysian reality television programme produced by Red Communications and 8TV which features 10 fresh graduates vying for job placements in various companies .
The Great Canadian Escape is a Canadian outdoor instructional television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1977 .
The Krypton Factor is a British game show produced by Granada for broadcast on ITV .
Suddenly Susan is an American television sitcom that aired on NBC from September 19 , 1996 , until December 26 , 2000 .
Bored to Death is an American comedy series that ran on HBO from September 20 , 2009 to November 28 , 2011 .
Perfect Weapon is a British TV series for the National Geographic Channel .
How Much Is Enough ? is a game show that aired on Game Show Network from January 8 , 2008 to March 28 , 2008 .
La Patrona is a Spanish - language telenovela produced by Telemundo and Argos Comunicación .
Jane the Virgin is an American satirical romantic comedy - drama television series developed by Jennie Snyder Urman , that debuted on The CW on October 13 , 2014 .
California Dreams is an American teen sitcom that aired on NBC from September 12 , 1992 to December 14 , 1996 , as part of the network 's Saturday morning block , TNBC .
Behind the Music is a television series on VH1 .
Great Performances , a television series devoted to the performing arts , has been telecast on Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) public television since 1972 .
Live on Tape is a late night comedy sketch show that aired on Saturday nights at 10 pm on KLJB - TV in Davenport , Iowa from 1987 to 1989 , and repeated through 1990 .
Comedy World Cup is a British television comedy panel game produced by Open Mike Productions for Channel 4 .
Sonny Spoon is a detective program aired in the United States on the NBC television network in 1988 .
Bram & Alice is a television sitcom that aired on CBS from October 6 to 27 , 2002 .
The Michael Richards Show is a sitcom that debuted on NBC in 2000 .
Fear , Stress & Anger is a British sitcom that aired on BBC Two in 2007 .
Radiolab is a radio program produced by WNYC , a public radio station in New York City , and broadcast on public radio stations in the United States .
Children 's Ward ( retitled The Ward from 1995 to 1998 ) is a British children 's television drama series produced by Granada Television and broadcast on the ITV network as part of its Children 's ITV strand on weekday afternoons .
Dough Re Mi was an American game show that aired on NBC from February 24 , 1958 to December 30 , 1960 .
Star Awards 2003 was an awards ceremony part of the annual Star Awards held by MediaCorp Channel 8 in December 2003 .
Cold Case is an American police procedural television series which ran on CBS from September 28 , 2003 to May 2 , 2010 .
Hum Aapke Hain In Laws was a Hindi language fictional comedy series which premiered on January 14 , 2013 on satellite network , SAB TV .
Mi segunda madre ( English title : My second mother ) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Juan Osorio and broadcast by Canal de las Estrellas in 1989 .
Ultimate Force is a British television action series that was shown on ITV , which deals with the activities of Red Troop of the SAS ( Special Air Service ) .
Strange Hill High is a children 's animated series for CBBC .
Despatch Box was a late night political analysis television programme produced by the BBC and broadcast on BBC Two between 1998 and 2002 .
Custe o Que Custar ( in English , Whatever it Takes , represented by the acronym CQC ) was a Brazilian television comedy show , produced by Eyeworks and aired weekly by Rede Bandeirantes since March 17 , 2008 .
Million Dollar Password is an updated version of the game show Password on CBS , which was hosted by Regis Philbin and ran from June 1 , 2008 to June 14 , 2009 .
Crossing Jordan is an American television crime / drama series that aired on NBC from September 24 , 2001 to May 16 , 2007 .
4thought.tv is a British documentary television program , which has aired weekdays at 7:55pm on Channel 4 since 5 July 2010 .
Bar Rescue is an American reality TV series that premiered on Spike on July 17 , 2011 .
Dirty Soap is an American reality television series that debuted on E ! on September 25 , 2011 .
Tree Fu Tom is a live - action / CGI CBeebies children 's television program which has been shown on BBC and CBeebies in the UK and Sprout and NBC Kids in the USA .
Fern Britton Meets ... is a British television talk show presented by Fern Britton which was first aired on BBC One during the four Sundays of Advent from 29 November to 20 December 2009 .
Europe This Week is a business news show aired on CNBC Europe and on CNBC World in the US , co - presented by Guy Johnson and Louisa Bojesen , from 6 pm to 6:30pm CET ( 12 pm to 12:30pm EST ) on Fridays .
Human Planet was originally screened in the UK on BBC One each Thursday at 8 pm over eight weeks , starting from 13 January 2011 .
Pardon My Genie ( 1972 - -73 ) was a children 's comedy series produced by British ITV contractor Thames Television , and written by Bob Block who later created Rentaghost .
Aguamarina , is an American telenovela produced by Telemundo .
Phred on Your Head Show is an American children 's television series that aired from 1999 to 2002 on the Noggin television channel ( now Nick Jr. ) .
Main Street Mysteries is a television series airing on Investigation Discovery hosted by Craig Lemons .
A Hatful of Music was a Canadian musical variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1960 .
I 'm with Busey was a comedy / documentary television show which aired on Comedy Central in the summer of 2003 .
Glenview High is an Australian television drama series produced by the Reg Grundy Organisation for the Seven Network between 1977 and 1978 .
Flying Wild Alaska is a documentary television series that aired on Discovery Channel in 2011 and 2012 .
Children 's Cinema is a Canadian children 's film television series which aired on CBC Television from 1969 to 1975 .
Idea Jalsa is a music reality series on Indian classical music aired on Zee TV .
Adelaide Tonight was a nightly variety show , running four days a weekat 9.30 pm on Nine Network , NWS-9 Adelaide .
1000 Ways to Die is an anthology television series that premiered on Spike on May 14 , 2008 , and ended on July 15 , 2012 .
Bet ng Bayan ( Bet of the Nation ) is a Philippine reality talent show that currently airs on GMA Network .
Micallef Tonight was a short - lived Aria Award -- winning Australian variety show that aired on the Nine Network in 2003 .
Angela 's Eyes is an American television crime drama that premiered on July 16 , 2006 on Lifetime , running for 13 episodes .
On 12 March 2006 , ITV began simulcasting Toonattik on the CITV Channel , allowing younger Sky Digital , Virgin Media and Freeview viewers to access the show through the children 's section of the EPG for the first time .
Artit Ching Duang ( Thai : อาทิตย์ชิงดวง ; rtgs : Athit Ching Duang `` Feuding Sun '' ) is a Thai lakorn produced and broadcast in Royal Thai Army Radio and Television Channel 5 .
Creepschool is a Swedish , French and Canadian animated series by Alphanim , Cinar , Happy Life and France 3 about four kids who find themselves at a spooky boarding school .
December Bride is an American sitcom that aired on the CBS television network from 1954 to 1959 , adapted from the original CBS radio network series that aired from June 1952 through September 1953 .
The Jennie Project is a Disney Channel Original Movie that was released in the summer of 2001 .
The Money Club was a business news talk show aired weekdays from 7 to 7:30 PM ET on CNBC until c. 1997 .
Good Game is an Australian television gaming programme produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation ( ABC ) , airing on ABC2 .
Sineserye Presents is a Philippine primetime soap opera broadcast by ABS - CBN .
Donald Duck Presents is a television series that aired on The Disney Channel beginning in 1983 and which featured classic Disney animated shorts .
The Jeselnik Offensive was an American late - night television program that aired on Comedy Central .
The Adventures of Champion is an American children 's Western series that aired from September 23 , 1955 to March 3 , 1956 for 26 episodes on CBS .
The Kelly File is an American news television program hosted by journalist and former attorney Megyn Kelly on the Fox News Channel .
`` Fucking Boyfriend '' is the name of a song by American duo The Bird and the Bee .
`` Crazy Water '' is a song by Elton John with lyrics written by Bernie Taupin .
Vratićeš se Satane is the third album by the Serbian noise - rock band Klopka Za Pionira , released in 2005 ( see 2005 in music ) on the Ne - ton independent label .
This Side is the Grammy - winning fourth album by the progressive bluegrass band Nickel Creek , released on Sugar Hill in the summer of 2002 .
`` Night of My Life '' is the title of the debut single for 2006 Australian Idol winner Damien Leith .
`` Then Who Am I '' is a song written by Dallas Frazier and A.L. `` Doodle '' Owens , and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride .
`` When I Was a Youngster '' is the second official single released by British hip hop duo Rizzle Kicks , from their debut studio album , Stereo Typical .
Forever Your Girl is the 1988 debut album by American singer Paula Abdul .
`` Burn It to the Ground '' is the fourth U.S. single ( fifth single in Canada after `` I 'd Come for You '' ) released from Canadian rock band Nickelback 's sixth studio album Dark Horse .
`` Shining Light '' is a song by Ash , which was released as the first single from their album Free All Angels .
John Munch is a fictional character played by actor Richard Belzer .
Motif Sky is German group Camouflage 's eighteenth single , released in July 2006 as the first single from their seventh studio album Relocated .
Erect the Youth Problem is the only studio album released by American punk trio Wives .
`` Da Da Dam '' is a ballad type song by Finnish Paradise Oskar and it is the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 , qualifying for the final .
Wiege der Finsternis ( English : Cradle of Darkness ) is the first studio release of the German folk metal band Finsterforst .
`` Geile Zeit '' ( German : Great time ) , was the name of the second single of German pop / rock group Juli .
25 & Alive Boneshaker is a live DVD featuring Motörhead 's 25th anniversary concert at Brixton Academy , on 22 October 2000 .
The Great Fall is the fourth album by the Power metal band Narnia .
Legal Drug Money is the debut album by hip hop group Lost Boyz , featuring members Mr. Cheeks , Freaky Tah , DJ Spigg Nice and Pretty Lou .
100 % Mexicano is a studio album by Mexican - American performer Pepe Aguilar .
Plans Within Plans is the eleventh studio album by the pop punk band MxPx , which was released on April 3 , 2012 .
`` Half a Heart '' is a song by H & Claire , which became their second hit single in 2002 .
`` Let Love Be Your Energy '' is a song by Robbie Williams released in 2001 as the fourth single from his album Sing When You 're Winning .
`` Hello Heartbreak '' is a dance - pop song recorded by American singer - songwriter Michelle Williams .
`` The Hands That Built America '' is a song by U2 , released on the soundtrack to the film Gangs of New York .
Speak Your Peace is the fourth and final album from crossover thrash / hardcore punk band Cryptic Slaughter .
`` Psycho Killer '' is a song written by David Byrne , Chris Frantz and Tina Weymouth and first played by their band The Artistic in 1974 , and as new wave band Talking Heads in 1975 , with a later version recorded for their 1977 album Talking Heads : 77 .
`` Little Altar Boy '' is a song by the popular group The Carpenters .
Planet Drum is a world music album by Mickey Hart , a musician and musicologist who was a member of the rock band the Grateful Dead .
Rock'n'Roll Tears is the third album from Australian singer / songwriter Loene Carmen .
Sound of Silver is the second studio album by American dance - punk act LCD Soundsystem .
Uncle Charlie is the fourth studio album by Charlie Wilson and was released on February 17 , 2009 .
`` Oulhali '' `` ( Say it to Me ) '' is a song by the Lebanese singer Amal Hijazi from her second studio album Zaman , released as a single in 2003 .
`` Last Kiss '' is a song released by Wayne Cochran in 1961 on the Gala label .
Serviço Público is an album of the Portuguese MC Valete .
Bummed was the second album by British band Happy Mondays .
On the Western Front is D.I. 's seventh full - length .
`` Beer Thirty '' is a song written by Ronnie Dunn and Terry McBride , and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn .
`` Hey Lover '' is the Grammy Award winning first single released from LL Cool J 's sixth album , Mr. Smith , featuring Boyz II Men .
Hung Far Low is the fifth and final album by noise rock band The Honeymoon Killers , released in 1991 through Fistpuppet Records .
`` Be Blessed '' is a song by American singer Yolanda Adams , a single from her 2005 album `` Day By Day '' .
Parvaaz ( Urdu : پرواز , literal English translation : `` flight '' ) is the fifth studio album and sixth overall album by the Pakistani band Junoon .
The Dirty Boogie is the third album from the swing band The Brian Setzer Orchestra .
`` If You Love Somebody Set Them Free '' is the first single released from Sting 's solo debut album The Dream of the Blue Turtles .
`` Where Have All the Rude Boys Gone ? '' is a song by Ted Leo and the Pharmacists from their 2003 release Hearts Of Oak .
The Burning Word is an album by Irish folk singer Johnny Duhan and was released in 2010 .
`` Get Inside '' is a song by Stone Sour , and the first music video the band released .
`` I Do Not Hook Up '' is a song performed by American pop singer - songwriter Kelly Clarkson , released as the second single from her fourth studio album , All I Ever Wanted ( 2009 ) .
Sick Transit Gloria Mundi is the sixth release by Industrial metal band Red Harvest .
`` Tears from the Moon '' is a music single by Canadian group Conjure One featuring Sinéad O'Connor 's vocals .
Lady Sleep is the third album by German musician Maximilian Hecker .
A Public Affair is the fifth studio album by American pop singer Jessica Simpson .
Ave Fénix ( English The Phoenix ) is the 14th studio album by Mexican pop singer Daniela Romo .
`` Sharp Dressed Man '' is a song performed by ZZ Top from their 1983 album Eliminator .
`` This Town Ai n't Big Enough for Both of Us '' is a song written by Ron Mael of the American pop group Sparks .
The Power of Shower is the only full - length studio album from Dan Bălan 's Crazy Loop act .
`` Round Up '' is a song by American rapper Lady May , featuring American R&B singer Blu Cantrell .
Body Kiss is the 29th studio album by The Isley Brothers on the DreamWorks label .
Rock in a Hard Place is the seventh studio album by American hard rock band Aerosmith , released on August 1 , 1982 , on Columbia .
Conforming to Abnormality is Cephalic Carnage 's first full - length album .
The Worship Sessions is an album from CCM band MercyMe that released on August 30 , 2011 exclusively through Family Christian Stores .
13 Ways to Bleed on Stage is the second studio album by American alternative metal band Cold , released in 2000 .
Psychotic Sculpture is the second album by the American symphonic black metal band Vesperian Sorrow .
`` Dressed for Success '' is a song by the Swedish rock duo Roxette , that was released in mid-1989 as the third single from their second studio album , Look Sharp ! ( 1988 ) .
So - Called Chaos is the sixth studio album ( fourth released internationally ) by Canadian singer - songwriter Alanis Morissette , released in May 2004 .
Silence Magnifies Sound is the second studio album from Ohio post - rock band The Six Parts Seven .
`` Waiting All Night '' is a song by English drum and bass band Rudimental .
Far Away , Down on a Georgia Farm is an album of American musician Norman Blake , released in 1999 .
Topeng Sahabat is the debut studio album by Indonesian rock band J - Rocks , released on 2005 in Indonesia by Aquarius Musikindo .
`` Shark in the Water '' is a song recorded by English singer - songwriter V V Brown for her debut studio album Travelling Like the Light .
From Luxury to Heartache is the fourth album by new wave band Culture Club , released in 1986 .
Where the Groupies Killed the Blues is the second album by progressive rock band Lucifer 's Friend , released in 1972 .
Hymned , No . 1 ( sometimes simply called Hymned ) is the first solo album from MercyMe singer Bart Millard .
Disorder of the Order is the Holy Moses 2002 album release .
From These Wounds is the fourth studio album by the Norwegian doom metal band Funeral .
Te spùo so ' na recia ( I Spit on Your Ear ) is an album by Catarrhal Noise .
Morrison , CO 2001 is a series of three complete concerts by Widespread Panic .
At the Gate of Horn is the second solo album by American folk singer Odetta , first released in 1957 .
Would Jesus Wear a Rolex is a song written by Margaret Archer and Chet Atkins , and recorded by Ray Stevens in 1987 on his album Crackin ' Up!.
Tune - Up ! is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1972 and released on the Cobblestone label .
Woman Overboard is an album by English singer Linda Lewis , released in 1977 .
`` Jesus He Knows Me '' is the second track on the 1991 Genesis album We Ca n't Dance and its fourth single .
The Laughing Stock of Indie Rock ( 2004 ) is the fourth full - length album by Solex .
`` Just Tonight '' is a song by American rock band The Pretty Reckless from their debut studio album , Light Me Up ( 2010 ) .
`` Tripping Billies '' is a song by the Dave Matthews Band , released as the fifth single from the album Crash .
`` Where Do You Go To ( My Lovely ) ? '' is a 1969 song by the English singer - songwriter Peter Sarstedt .
`` Everything We Had '' is a single by the band The Academy Is ... from their album Santi .
Tribute to the Gods is a tribute / cover album by heavy metal band Iced Earth .
Prince of the South is the second album by Atlanta rapper Lil Scrappy , released on May 13 , 2008 .
Kako mi je , tako mi je is a 2007 album by Herzegovinian singer Mate Bulić .
Do n't Take Your Time is the first major studio album released by jazz vocalist Erin Bode .
`` Sweet Lullaby '' is a song by French world music / ethnic electronica Deep Forest which originally appeared on their eponymous album .
`` Fairytale of New York '' is a Christmas song written by Jem Finer and Shane MacGowan and first released as a single on 23 November 1987 by their band The Pogues , featuring singer - songwriter Kirsty MacColl on vocals .
Pop Artificielle is a 1998 album by `` lb '' ( which refers to `` Lassigue Bendthaus '' , one of the many aliases of musician Uwe Schmidt ) .
Flying Dog is the second studio album released by former Racer X and Mr. Big guitarist Paul Gilbert .
His Majesty King Funk is a jazz album recorded in 1965 by Grant Green .
Love on the Beat is a 1984 album by French singer and songwriter Serge Gainsbourg .
`` Like Glue '' is a song recorded by Jamaican dancehall artist Sean Paul , from his second album Dutty Rock ( 2002 ) .
Break It to Pieces is an album released by New Zealand hip - hop artist Tha Feelstyle in 2004 .
Gold Mother is the third studio album from English band James , originally released June 1990 .
Ca n't Stop the Machine is a two - disc CD / DVD release by the industrial metal band American Head Charge .
`` He Loves Me All the Way '' is a 1970 single written by Billy Sherrill , Norro Wilson , and Carmol Taylor and recorded by Tammy Wynette .
`` Just the Way It Is , Baby '' is a song recorded by American pop rock duo The Rembrandts .
`` Ang Huling El Bimbo '' ( English : `` The Last El Bimbo '' ) is a song composed by Ely Buendia of the Philippine pop / rock band Eraserheads , for their 1996 studio album Cutterpillow .
The Soul of Hollywood is an album by jazz pianist Junior Mance featuring interpretations of music from motion pictures which was recorded in late 1961 and early 1962 and released on the Jazzland label .
Expoobident is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan originally released on the Vee - Jay label .
`` Pass This On '' is a single from the Swedish electronic duo The Knife , released in 2003 .
Hot Streets is the tenth studio album ( twelfth overall ) by the American band Chicago , released in 1978 .
Envoy of Lucifer is the fourth full - length studio album from Swedish black metal band Nifelheim .
Now Is Not Forever is the first full - length album from Christian hip - hop artist B. Reith .
All Things Possible is the seventh studio album by Christian Adult - Contemporary musician Mark Schultz .
Treat Me Nice is a song recorded by Elvis Presley .
`` New York State of Mind '' is a song written by Billy Joel which initially appeared on the album Turnstiles in 1976 .
In My Little Corner of the World is the name of the second studio album by American country music singer , Marie Osmond .
Fabrique was Fashion 's 1982 second album .
`` Baby ( You 've Got What It Takes ) '' is a 1960 song written by Clyde Otis , Murray Stein and Brook Benton .
People , Hell and Angels is a posthumous compilation album by the American rock musician Jimi Hendrix .
Au bout de la route is the first studio album recorded by French singer and songwriter Atlan .
`` TTL ( Time to Love ) '' is a hit single by South Korean girl group T - ara and boy band Supernova .
`` John Kettley Is a Weatherman '' is a 1988 novelty record by the band A Tribe of Toffs , from Sunderland , UK .
`` I 'll Go Crazy If I Do n't Go Crazy Tonight '' is the fifth song from U2 's 2009 album No Line on the Horizon .
`` So Much in Love '' is a popular song sung by The Tymes that was a # 1 song in the United States during the year 1963 .
Sugarless Girl is the eighth album by the Japanese electro duo Capsule , released on February 21 , 2007 .
The Heatin ' System is a double album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1971 which was his fourth release on the Cadet label and the first following his stint with Blue Note .
When Your Heartstrings Break is the second album by San Francisco indie rock band Beulah .
Stadsvandringar ( `` City Walks '' ) is the CD version of the Swedish psychedelic rock group Dungen 's second album .
Hurry Up Mode is the debut studio album by the Japanese rock band Buck - Tick .
Blue Corpse is the fifteenth album by Jandek , and his second for 1987 .
`` Leaving Me Now '' is a single released in 1985 by the British musical group Level 42 .
`` Do It to Me '' is the title of a number - one single by singer Lionel Richie .
`` How I 'm Comin ' '' is a song by LL Cool J , released as the first single from his fifth album , 14 Shots to the Dome .
Post Momentary Affliction is the third studio album by Christian metal band Mortification , released in 1993 .
Plug in the Snakes is the third studio album by American rock band Meriwether ( band ) .
`` Nobody but You '' is a song written by J. D. Martin and John Jarrard , and recorded by American country music artist Don Williams .
The album Journey of Life by German band X - Perience was released on 20 November 2000 in Germany .
Dreamin ' in a Casket is the sixth full - length album by Swedish hard rock band Hardcore Superstar .
The Mantle is the second album by American metal band Agalloch .
Logan 's Sanctuary is an electronica album by Roger Joseph Manning Jr. and Brian Reitzell , conceived as the soundtrack for an imagined sequel to the film Logan 's Run .
`` Shock Me '' is a song by American hard rock band Kiss on their 1977 album Love Gun .
Summer / Fever ( traditional Chinese : 夏/狂熱 ; simplified Chinese : 夏/狂热 ; pinyin : xìa / kūang rè ) was released on September 11 , 2009 , and is the fifth full - length studio album by Taiwanese indie pop band Sodagreen .
Drown in Colour , released July 10 , 2009 , is the second album from Red Riders .
`` Good to Be Me '' is a song recorded by American country music artists Uncle Kracker and Kid Rock .
Let the Power Fall is the second studio album by Max Romeo , released in 1971 .
`` The House That Heaven Built '' is the fourth 7 `` single by Canadian rock duo Japandroids .
In Florescence is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded in New York City on June 8 , 1989 featuring performance by Taylor , Gregg Bendian and William Parker and released on the A&M label .
Wearing a Martyr 's Crown is the fourth album by the melodic death metal band Nightrage .
All in One Voice is the twelfth studio album by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler .
Welcome to Diverse City is the second full length studio album released by Christian singer TobyMac .
Domestic Blues was the first solo album from Northern Ireland based singer - songwriter , Bap Kennedy , and was released in 1998 .
In This Room is the third studio album by the band The 3rd and the Mortal .
In the Face of Funk is a 1994 album by the funk / R&B group Cameo .
`` When the Girl in Your Arms Is the Girl in Your Heart '' is a 1961 hit by Cliff Richard written by the songwriting team of Sid Tepper and Roy Bennett who would contribute fifteen songs to the Cliff Richard canon including his career record `` The Young Ones '' .
Jamahiriya Democratique et Populaire de Sauvage is the third studio album by the American post - punk band Savage Republic , released in 1988 by Fundamental Records .
Tigerbomb is an EP by the indie rock band Guided by Voices .
Every Kind of Light is an album from the band The Posies , released June 28 , 2005 .
`` The Hood Mob '' is an album by American rapper Kokane , released on March 21 , 2006 from Siccness Records .
`` Do n't Mess with My Man '' is the second single from R&B group Lucy Pearl and the second single taken from their debut self - titled album .
Sefronia is the eighth album by singer - songwriter Tim Buckley , released in 1973 .
The History Mix Volume 1 is the sixth album by British pop band Godley & Creme .
`` A Rose by Any Name '' is a 2013 song by the American new wave band Blondie .
`` El Cariño Es Como Una Flor '' ( `` Love is Like a Flower '' ) is a song written , produced and performed by Venezuelan singer - songwriter Rudy La Scala .
Firecracker People is the second full length album by Hotel Lights , released in 2008 .
`` The Robots '' ( originally Die Roboter ) is a single by the influential German electronic music pioneers , Kraftwerk , released in 1978 .
Humanoid City Live , is a live DVD and CD released by the German band Tokio Hotel on July 20 , 2010 .
Risk Revival is the second album released by Hot Cross on Equal Vision , released on February 20 , 2007 .
Lingua Mortis is the tenth full - length album by the German heavy metal band Rage , released in mid 1996 .
`` Train Kept A - Rollin ' '' ( or `` The Train Kept A - Rollin ' '' ) is a song first recorded by American jazz and rhythm and blues musician Tiny Bradshaw in 1951 .
`` Mandrake Root '' is a song by Deep Purple that is featured on their debut album Shades of Deep Purple .
Magija ( English : Magic ) is the eighth studio album by Serbian pop - folk singer Jelena Karleuša .
Face the Day is the sixth and most recent album from rap , metal , and funk pioneers 24 - 7 Spyz .
`` Be My Valentine ( Lovely Valentine 's Day ) '' is the ninth single by Tommy february6 .
The Best Mixes from the Album Debut for All the People Who Do n't Buy White Labels ( stylized as the best mixes from the album - debut for all the people who do n't buy white - labels ) is the first EP and remix compilation by Björk , originally released through Polydor Records in September 1994 .
Vaari Vaari is the studio album by Harbhajan Mann released on 15 September 2010 .
No Absolute Time is an album by French Jazz - Fusion artist Jean - Luc Ponty , released in 1993 .
Riot ! is the second studio album by the American rock band Paramore .
`` English Summer Rain '' is the fourth single from Placebo 's fourth studio album Sleeping with Ghosts , released in 2004 .
Mis Canciones Preferidas ( Spanish : My Favorite Songs ) is a compilation album by the Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge .
`` Original Fire '' is the first single from the album Revelations by American hard rock band Audioslave .
`` Over My Head ( Better Off Dead ) '' is a song recorded by Canadian punk rock group Sum 41 .
Ai n't a Damn Thing Changed is the East Coast hip - hop act Nice & Smooth 's second LP .
Rock - a - Doodle - Doo is a popular song and hit single by British singer Linda Lewis .
`` The Battle of Evermore '' is a folk duet sung by Robert Plant and Sandy Denny , featured on Led Zeppelin 's untitled 1971 album .
The Kids Will Have Their Say is the debut album by the Boston hardcore punk band SSD .
`` Broken Hearted Savior '' is the most successful song by American rock band Big Head Todd & the Monsters .
Too Tough to Tame is the 11th studio album of country music artist John Anderson .
Since I Left Your World is the fourth release and first extended play ( EP ) by the American indie rock band Rookie of the Year , released through 111 Records on November 17 , 2009 .
6:6:6 is a split CD between Smackin ' Isaiah ( a.k.a . A Wilhelm Scream ) , Moronique and Merrick .
`` Cherry Blossom Girl '' is a song by French electronic duo Air .
In the Wake of Separation is an album by the melodic death metal / thrash metal band Thine Eyes Bleed .
`` Do n't Need You To ( Tell Me I 'm Pretty ) '' is a single by Irish pop singer Samantha Mumba .
`` Skip a Rope ' is a 1967 single by Henson Cargill .
Stomping Ground is Goldfinger 's third official album that was released on March 28 , 2000 .
Rocks , Pebbles and Sand is the 1980 album by jazz bass guitarist and multi - instrumentalist Stanley Clarke .
`` Livin ' on a Prayer '' is Bon Jovi 's second chart - topping single from their 12× platinum Slippery When Wet album .
Do - Can is the fourth album by Masami Okui , released on September 23 , 1998 .
`` All Time High '' is a 1983 single release by Rita Coolidge introduced as the theme song for the James Bond film Octopussy .
`` Kiss You All Over '' is a 1978 song performed by the group Exile .
Kurage , Nagareboshi ( クラゲ、流れ星 ; Jellyfish , Shooting Star ) is Japanese pop singer Ai Otsuka 's 18th single , released on 10 September 2008 .
Undrentide is the third album by British vocal group Mediæval Bæbes .
`` Re - Rewind ( The Crowd Say Bo Selecta ) '' is a song by English garage band The Artful Dodger featuring Craig David on vocals .
Down with It ! is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell , recorded in 1965 and released on the Blue Note label .
Versão Acústica 4 is the seventh studio album by Brazilian acoustic rock cover musician Emmerson Nogueira .
`` I Want You to Need Me '' is the last single from Celine Dion 's greatest hits album , All the Way ...
`` Let 's Think About Living '' is a song written by Boudleaux Bryant , and recorded by Bob Luman in 1960 .
`` More News from Nowhere '' is the 28th single by Australian rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds and the second single from the album Dig , Lazarus , Dig!!!.
When the Roses Bloom Again is the second album by Laura Cantrell , originally released in 2002 .
Thunder & Roses is the seventh studio album recorded by American country music artist Pam Tillis .
54 Dole Hlavou is the ninth album by the Slovak punk rock / comedy rock band Horkýže Slíže , released in October 21 , 2009 .
`` Give a Little Bit '' is the opening song on Supertramp 's 1977 album Even in the Quietest Moments ....
Ako me pogledneš vo oči ( in Macedonian Cyrillic : Ако ме погледнеш во очи ) is the third studio album by the famous Macedonian singer Toše Proeski .
Nära mej , nära dej is an album by Swedish singer Sanna Nielsen , released on February 15 , 2006 .
Carnival Arcane is the 14th album by dark ambient band Midnight Syndicate , released in 2011 .
Box Emotions is the second studio album by Japanese pop - rock band Superfly , released on September 2 , 2009 .
Malamorenò is the second album released by the Italian Singer Arisa , It features the single `` Malamorenò '' .
Hollow Be My Name is the second album by the Australian post - hardcore band Eleventh He Reaches London .
Skull Ring is the fourteenth studio album by American rock singer Iggy Pop , released in November 2003 .
Dildarian is a studio album by Punjabi singer and actor , Amrinder Gill .
The Return of the Magnificent is the follow - up album to The Magnificent ( 2002 ) by DJ Jazzy Jeff .
Dogs Eating Dogs is an EP by American pop punk band Blink-182 released on December 18 , 2012 .
Through Tomorrow is the debut album by heavy metal band Seasons After .
Like Sonny is a compilation album combining two sessions from 1958 and 1960 with jazz musician John Coltrane .
`` Sweet Music Man '' is a song written and recorded by American musician Kenny Rogers .
O Passo do Lui ( Portuguese for Lui 's Step ) is the second studio album by Brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso .
A Biography of the Rev. Absalom Dawe is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1994 and released on the ECM label .
`` I Lay My Love on You '' is the ninth single to be released from Westlife 's second studio album , `` Coast To Coast '' .
Son of the Tiger is the first full - length album by The Big Sleep and their first to be released by French Kiss Records .
`` Lo Haré Por Ti '' ( I Will Do It for You ) is a song written by Estéfano , produced by Chris Rodriguez and performed by Mexican singer Paulina Rubio .
Amantes Sunt Amentes ( Latin for Lovers Are Lunatics ) , is the fourth studio album by the Mexican Avanzada Regia rock band Panda , released on October 2 , 2006 .
Are You Okay ? is the fourth album by art - funk ensemble Was ( Not Was ) .
The Dark Masquerade is an EP album by Destini Beard that blends her original lyrics and vocals with previously recorded songs from Midnight Syndicate and a previously unreleased remix .
Willie Remembers is the fifth album of the group Rare Earth .
Avantcore is a single by underground hip hop artist Busdriver from his album Fear of a Black Tangent .
Atomic Arena is a 1988 heavy metal album released by the Christian metal band Barren Cross .
Doom of Destiny , released in 2007 , is the eleventh full - length album by the German power metal band Axxis .
Andrew Wells is a fictional character in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel , played by Tom Lenk .
`` Moro Mou '' ( My Baby ) is a song released by Greek - Swedish duo Antique .
My New Time is the third studio album by the Dutch gothic metal band Autumn .
Tale Spinnin ' is the sixth album by Weather Report , recorded and released in 1975 , featuring the addition of Leon `` Ndugu '' Chancler on the drums .
`` Sanomi '' was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 , which ranked second in the Contest , performed in a constructed language by the six - piece band Urban Trad .
`` Kehidupan '' ( `` Life '' ) is a 1988 single by God Bless from their third album , Semut Hitam ( Black Ants ) .
Love - Itis is a song written by Harvey Scales and Albert Vance ( with Rudy Jacobs also initially acknowledged as a co - writer ) , originally recorded by Harvey Scales and The Seven Sounds .
`` Soldier 's Plea '' is a 1962 single released by singer Marvin Gaye as Tamla 54063 , and was the last non - charted early single Marvin released prior to releasing his first hit single , `` Stubborn Kind of Fellow '' , later that year .
`` I Do n't Ever Want to See You Again '' is a song performed by American contemporary R&B singer Uncle Sam .
`` Who Do You Think You 're Foolin ' '' is a song by American singer Donna Summer from her album The Wanderer .
`` Please Come Home for Christmas '' is a Christmas song , released in 1960 , by the American blues singer and pianist Charles Brown .
Live at Carlos 1 is a live album by the American jazz violinist Billy Bang recorded in 1986 and released on the Italian Soul Note label .
`` Dance the Way I Feel '' is the debut single from British synthpop band Ou Est Le Swimming Pool .
`` Boľavé námestie '' ( English : Sore Square ) is the debut solo single by the female singer Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1977 .
Accept the Fact is the third studio album from power metal band Warmen .
Looking for ... the Best of David Hasselhoff is an album released by David Hasselhoff in 1995 .
`` Let Me Take You Dancing '' is a song co - written and recorded by Canadian artist Bryan Adams .
`` Heaven Knows I 'm Missing Him Now '' is the twenty - third single by 1960s British girl singer Sandie Shaw , and her final single of that decade , marking the end of a string of singles which had made her the most successful British female singer of that era .
`` Suddenly I See '' is a song by Scottish singer - songwriter KT Tunstall and is featured on her debut album , Eye to the Telescope .
Mental Jewelry is the first album the band Live released under the name Live , released on December 31 , 1991 .
`` El Mareo '' is a song by South American band Bajofondo featuring vocals by the famous Argentine rock musician Gustavo Cerati .
El Kilo is the third album by Orishas , a Cuban hip hop group based in France .
The Pops Goes Country is the title of the first collaborative recording by guitarist Chet Atkins and Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops orchestra .
Buster Goes Berserk is the second album from Buster Poindexter , an alter ego of singer David Johansen .
Sound Pieces is an album by American jazz composer , conductor and arranger Oliver Nelson featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse ! label .
A Hostage and the Meaning of Life is an album by the rock band Brazil that deals with themes of technology , dehumanization , and frustration .
I Know You 're Married But I 've Got Feelings Too is the second full - length album of Canadian - American singer - songwriter Martha Wainwright .
Zero Set was a turning point for Moebius and Plank , a fact lamented by Steven and Alan Freeman in their book The Crack In The Cosmic Egg .
The Healing Process is the second studio album by the Canadian deathcore band Despised Icon .
5th Dog Let Loose is the second album by rapper Flesh - n - Bone from the rap group Bone Thugs - n - Harmony .
`` Water on Glass '' is the third single by British singer Kim Wilde from her self - titled album .
Streetniks is an album by The Shuffle Demons , recorded over two days .
Murder by Pride is the twelfth release and seventh studio album by Stryper .
`` Move On Up '' is a song by Curtis Mayfield from his 1970 debut album Curtis .
A Wilder Alias is an album by American vocalists Jackie Cain and Roy Kral featuring performances recorded in 1973 and released on the CTI label .
Osc - Dis or Oscillator in Distortion is the ninth album by Japanese band The Mad Capsule Markets .
Follow the Lights ( released in the UK as Everybody Knows ) is an EP by Ryan Adams and The Cardinals released on October 23 , 2007 .
`` The Sky Is a Landfill '' is the first track on the posthumous Sketches for My Sweetheart the Drunk album release by Jeff Buckley .
`` Somebody 's Crying '' is a song by musician Chris Isaak from his fifth album , Forever Blue .
`` She 's Got a Reason '' is a song by English punk rock band Dogs and is featured on their debut album , Turn Against This Land .
`` Living on the Ceiling '' is a song by British synthpop band Blancmange .
`` Worst Behavior '' is a song by Canadian recording artist Drake from his studio album Nothing Was the Same ( 2013 ) .
Punks Not Dead is the debut studio album by the Scottish punk rock band The Exploited , released in April 1981 on Secret Records .
The Warm Moods is an album by American jazz saxophonist Ben Webster featuring tracks recorded in 1960 for the Reprise label .
Metamorphosis of Vivaldi 's Four Seasons is a musical piece featuring guitarist Uli Jon Roth 's interpretation of Antonio Vivaldi 's work The Four Seasons , in a rock - classical fusion .
Krig - ha , Bandolo ! is the debut solo album of Brazilian singer Raul Seixas .
Here , My Love is the fifth studio album by multi - platinum R&B singer Case .
`` Fall for You '' is a song by Secondhand Serenade , the solo project of John Vesely .
Whine de Lune is the third album by the Alternative Country band Trailer Bride .
`` 10:15 Saturday Night '' is a song by British post - punk band The Cure .
`` Stin Kardia Mou Mono Thlipsi '' ( Greek : Στην Καρδιά Μου Μόνο Θλίψη ; English : In my heart there is only sorrow ) is a song recorded by Greek - Swedish recording artist Elena Paparizou and written and produced by Grigoris Petrakos .
`` Who 's Crying Now '' is a million - selling , RIAA Gold - certified single by the American rock band Journey .
The Price of Existence is the second album by American deathcore band All Shall Perish , released in 2006 .
`` Jungle Drum '' is the third single released from Emilíana Torrini 's third album Me and Armini .
Not as Good as the Book is the fourth studio album released by progressive rock group The Tangent .
Lubbock ( On Everything ) is a 1979 double album by Texas singer , songwriter and piano player Terry Allen , released on Fate Records .
Fleeting Days is a folk rock album released in 2003 by Dan Bern and the International Jewish Banking Conspiracy .
`` Flying High Again '' is a song by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne , from his 1981 album Diary of a Madman .
One Step Beyond ... is the 1979 debut album by the British ska - pop group Madness .
Fear , Emptiness , Despair is the fifth album by British grindcore band Napalm Death , released on 31 May 1994 .
Glad I Found You is an album by American jazz pianist Horace Parlan featuring performances recorded in 1984 and released on the Danish - based SteepleChase label .
Dommino is an album by Aleksandra Radović released on July 25 , 2006 , and it gained great popularity in Serbia , Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Nicole and Natalie is the second studio album by the New York City - based duo Nina Sky .
RVS III is the third album by country music artist by Ricky Van Shelton .
Worthless Recluse is the thirty - first Jandek album and the second of two new albums released in ( 2001 ) .
`` Wolf at the Door '' is a song performed and composed by English alternative rock band Keane and was the second single they released , originally intended only as a promo item with only fifty copies made , becoming the rarest Keane item in existence .
The 3rd Masterpiece is the third Korean studio album by SG Wannabe .
Pobuna mašina ( trans . Machine Rebellion ) is the fifth studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut released independently by the band in 2010 .
Potato Hole is a 2009 album by Booker T. Jones , recorded with Drive - By Truckers as the backing band and guitar accompaniment by Neil Young .
Limón y Sal ( `` Lemon and Salt '' ) is the title of the fourth studio album released by Mexican singer - songwriter Julieta Venegas .
`` Too Much of Heaven '' is a song written by Italian dance group Eiffel 65 and the third official single from their first album Europop .
Pizza Deliverance is the second album released by Alabama country rock group Drive - By Truckers , released in 1999 .
All You 're Meant to Be is the debut studio album released by Boyce Avenue on March 10 , 2009 .
The Chicago Sound is the sole album led by American jazz bassist Wilbur Ware .
Incurso is the third album by the Swedish death metal band Spawn of Possession , released in 2012 .
`` Nuit de folie '' is a 1988 popular song recorded by French pop duet Début de Soirée .
Around 6 is an album by trumpeter Kenny Wheeler recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label .
Forgotten Legends is the first full - length album by Ukrainian black metal band Drudkh .
Temples of Ice is the seventh studio album by English heavy metal band Venom .
`` ( Are You ) The One That I 've Been Waiting For ? '' is second single from the album The Boatman 's Call by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds .
`` Kad hodaš '' ( trans . `` When You Walk '' ) is a single from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba .
`` Love the Way You Lie ( Part II ) '' is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna from her fifth studio album Loud ( 2010 ) .
Private Parts and Pieces is the third solo album from guitarist Anthony Phillips .
The New Goodies LP was the second LP record released by The Goodies .
Time Does Not Heal is the fourth studio album by Dark Angel , which was released in 1991 .
Le visage de l'amour is the last album Dalida released a year before her death .
Howl of the Lonely Crowd is the sixth album by British indie pop band Comet Gain .
`` Sexy Bitch '' ( also known as `` Sexy Chick '' in clean versions ) is a song by French DJ David Guetta recorded for his fourth studio album One Love ( 2009 ) .
`` Jackie 's Racing '' is a song by Scottish rock band Whiteout , released in 1995 ( see 1995 in music ) .
Neil Hamburger is a standup comedian character played by comedian and musician Gregg Turkington .
`` Boys in Town '' is the debut single by Australian rock band Divinyls , released in 1981 .
Estranei a partire da ieri is the fourth single of Alessandra Amoroso .
`` Tu te reconnaîtras '' ( `` You 'll Recognize Yourself '' ) , sung in French by French singer Anne - Marie David representing Luxembourg , was the winning song at the Eurovision Song Contest 1973 -- on one of the rare occasions when a country has won the contest two years in succession .
The Makeover is singer Jody Watley 's ninth studio album .
Sweet Child was a 1968 double album by the British folk - rock band Pentangle :
Love Calls is an album by saxophonist Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis with Paul Gonsalves recorded in 1968 for the RCA Victor label .
Adult Crash is the third album by New York band , Leeway .
`` It Hurts ( Slow ) '' ( Korean : `` 아파 ( Slow ) '' ; Apa ( Slow ) ) is a song by South Korean girl group 2NE1 's album To Anyone .
`` We Just Be Dreamin ' '' is a song by ten piece hip - hop group Blazin ' Squad , released as the lead single from their second studio album , Now or Never .
More Than Music is the second studio album by Canadian recording artist Promise , it was released on August 8 , 2008 .
Mommy Do n't Love Daddy Anymore is the fourth full - length album by American Christian rock band Resurrection Band , released in 1981 .
`` Lonely Lisa '' is a 2010 song recorded by French singer - songwriter Mylène Farmer .
Feelin ' All Right is the tenth studio album and twelfth album overall by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage .
Future Memories is the seventh studio album by German artist ATB , released on May 1 , 2009 .
Serve In Silence is the fourth full - length studio album by Filipino rock band Wolfgang .
Keep On Wombling was the third album released by The Wombles .
`` We Got the Love '' is a song written by Steve Bogard and Rick Giles and recorded by the American country music group Restless Heart .
`` Feelin ' Stronger Every Day '' is a song written by Peter Cetera and James Pankow for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago VI ( 1973 ) .
`` Que No Se Rompa la Noche '' ( `` May the Night Have No End '' ) is a ballad written and produced by Spanish singer - songwriter Manuel Alejandro , co - written by Ana Magdalena , and performed by Spanish singer Julio Iglesias .
`` The Harder I Try '' is a single by British boyband Brother Beyond .
The Damned , the Shamed is the third full - length album release by Californian hardcore band Terror .
The Enigma of Life is the fifth full - length studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia and their second with the Spanish vocalist Ailyn .
Steeltown is the second studio album by Scottish band Big Country .
`` One Man Wrecking Machine '' is the 4th song from Guster 's 2006 album Ganging Up on the Sun . The song was included for the soundtrack to the 2007 movie Disturbia , and was played at the closing scene .
`` Do You Feel Like We Do '' is a song by Peter Frampton originally appearing on the Frampton 's Camel album that he released in 1973 .
`` Parla con me '' ( `` Talk to Me '' ) is a 2009 song by Italian singer - songwriter Eros Ramazzotti and the first single released from his eleventh studio album Ali e radici .
`` Take It to the Head '' is a song by American hip hop artist DJ Khaled , released as the lead single from his sixth studio album , Kiss the Ring .
Syncopated City is fourth studio album and sixth album overall by liquid funk act London Elektricity .
Music for 18 Musicians is a work of musical minimalism composed by Steve Reich during 1974 - 1976 .
In Search of Solid Ground is the second studio album by American rock band Saosin released on September 8 , 2009 .
`` Million Bucks '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Maino , taken from his debut studio album , If Tomorrow Comes ....
Slide On Over Here is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Steve Azar .
Up in Them Guts is a 2004 studio album by punk rock band Planes Mistaken for Stars .
`` The Beauty in Ugly '' is a song recorded by Jason Mraz in support of the `` Be Ugly ' 07 '' campaign that was created for the television show Ugly Betty .
She Teaches Defeat is the second release from Canadian post - hardcore band Lights Below , released on September 4th 2007 .
`` United Breaks Guitars '' is a trio of protest songs by Canadian musician Dave Carroll and his band , Sons of Maxwell .
The Gates of Gnomeria , released September 10 , 2007 , is Andy McKee 's fourth studio album .
`` Age Ai n't Nothing but a Number '' is a song by American singer Aaliyah , written and produced by R. Kelly for her debut album of the same name ( 1994 ) .
Música + Alma + Sexo ( English : Music + Soul + Sex ) is the ninth studio album by Puerto Rican singer - songwriter Ricky Martin .
Someday Maybe is the 1996 fourth album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks .
Terrorcrowned is the first and also probably the last release of the German black metal band Sindecade .
`` Poor Misguided Fool '' is the fifth and final single from the album Love Is Here by British pop band Starsailor .
`` Man I Hate Your Band '' was the fourth single to be released by Little Man Tate .
`` Do n't Leave Me '' is a single by R&B group Blackstreet , produced by Teddy Riley .
Tiny Tina and Little John is a 1977 album by Australian singers Tina Arena and John Bowles .
From Beer to Eternity is the thirteenth and final studio album by industrial metal band Ministry .
Sheel Oyoonak Anni ( Arabic شيل عيونك عني ) - released in 2001 - was the second Album by Nancy Ajram .
If I Do n't Stay the Night is the second album from American country singer Mindy McCready .
Memory Serves is a 1981 album by the New York based No Wave music group Material .
Brothers of the Road is the eighth studio album , and tenth album overall , by the rock group the Allman Brothers Band .
`` Hip to My Heart '' is the title of a debut song co - written and recorded by The Band Perry , an American country music group .
Ompa til du dør ( Ompa until you die ) is the debut album of Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra , released on September 1 , 2001 .
Be a Girl is the third album by Swedish alternative rock band The Wannadies .
`` I Hope You Dance '' is a crossover country pop song written by Mark Sanders and Tia Sillers and recorded by country singer Lee Ann Womack with Sons of the Desert .
Enter the Wu - Tang ( 36 Chambers ) is the debut studio album by the American hip hop group Wu - Tang Clan , released November 9 , 1993 , on Loud Records and distributed through RCA Records .
Priče matorih pokvarenjaka is the fifth album by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap , released by the band themselves as a free download album , available at the Serbian official site of Converse as well as at the band 's official site .
`` Det snurrar i min skalle '' ( English translation : `` It 's spinning in my head '' ) is the most successful single from Swedish indie - techno outfit Familjen from the 2007 album Det snurrar i min skalle .
Blood Pressures is the fourth studio album by indie rock band The Kills .
Apropos Cluster is a full - length studio album by Dieter Moebius and Hans - Joachim Roedelius also known as German electronic music outfit Cluster .
You Turn Me On is the fifth album by lo - fi / indie rock band Beat Happening , released in 1992 .
Homebrew 2 is an album by Steve Howe released in 2000 as part of the Homebrew franchise .
Record Without a Cover is an album by artist Christian Marclay .
`` First Train Home '' is a song by British singer / songwriter Imogen Heap , and the only single off her third solo album Ellipse .
For Whose Advantage ? is a second studio album by British thrash metal band Xentrix .
`` Water of Love '' is a song written by Mark Knopfler and originally released on Dire Straits ' self - titled debut album .
Singing Drums is an album by percussionist Pierre Favre recorded in 1984 and released on the ECM label .
I Scream Up to the Sky is the second album by Hungarian groove metal band , Ektomorf .
`` Shakey Ground '' is a 1975 R&B single by The Temptations .
Flesh and Wood is the seventh album by Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes .
Lost on the Way is an album by French clarinetist and composer Louis Sclavis recorded in 2008 and released on the ECM label .
Recent Forgeries is the third studio album by the actor Viggo Mortensen , released in 1998 .
`` Power & Control '' is a song by Welsh singer Marina Diamandis , professionally known as Marina and the Diamonds , from her second studio album Electra Heart ( 2012 ) .
`` Lovin' Each Day '' is the fourth and final single released from Boyzone frontman Ronan Keating 's debut solo album , Ronan .
Permission to Fly is the second studio album by American singer - songwriter Jordan Pruitt .
Zeroed Out is the debut album by Seattle , Washington band The Cunninghams .
The Finer Things is a compilation album of recordings by Steve Winwood .
Wojna Przeciwko Ziemi is the fifth album of Polish punk rock band Włochaty .
We Think as Instruments , the third full - length recording from I 'm Not a Gun shows the band moving away from their electronica roots towards unadulterated and instrumental rock music .
`` Anthem for the Year 2000 '' is a song by Silverchair , which was released as the first single from their third album , Neon Ballroom .
Is It Safe ? is the 1983 second album from Ph.D. It would be their last album until 2009 's comeback Three .
There 's Gon na Be a Showdown is a 1969 album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells , released by the record label Atlantic .
Long Live Heavy Metal is the fifth and final studio album from the Canadian heavy metal band 3 Inches of Blood .
Bunt i Miłość is the tenth album by the Polish punk rock band Włochaty .
Possessed by Fire is the first studio album by the German thrash metal band Exumer .
Phases and Stages is a 1974 album by Willie Nelson , which followed the moderate success of his first Atlantic Records release , Shotgun Willie . Nelson met producer Jerry Wexler at a party where Nelson sang songs from an unreleased album he had recorded in 1972 .
`` Leash Called Love '' is a song written and recorded by the Icelandic band The Sugarcubes for their 1992 album Stick Around for Joy , and their follow up to their number one Billboard Modern Rock Tracks single `` Hit '' .
The Prime Element is a jazz album by jazz drummer Elvin Jones , originally released in 1976 as part of the `` Blue Note Re - issue Series '' .
`` The Good in Everyone '' is the first single from Canadian rock band Sloan 's third studio album , One Chord to Another .
`` The Bartender and the Thief '' is a 1998 single by Welsh rock band the Stereophonics .
Ribbed is the third studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX .
`` Desert Song '' is a song by British hard rock band Def Leppard from their 1993 rarities and ' b - sides ' album Retro Active .
`` Suit & Tie '' is a song recorded by American singer - songwriter Justin Timberlake for his third studio album , The 20/20 Experience ( 2013 ) .
Fools Meeting is an album by Carol Grimes with the British blues / progressive rock band Delivery , founded in the late 1968 .
`` Good Luck My Way '' is the thirty - eighth single , and first 20th L'Anniversary 's single , by L'Arc - en - Ciel , released on June 29 , 2011 .
The Mediator Between Head and Hands Must Be the Heart is the thirteenth studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura .
Superpickers is an album by guitarist Chet Atkins and top recording session players in Nashville , TN .
Halfway Around the World was A - Teens ' second single from their second album Teen Spirit .
`` I Will Not Bow '' is the first single from alternative metal band Breaking Benjamin 's 2009 album Dear Agony .
Profities ( Greek : Προφητείιες ; English : Prophecies ) is the fourth studio album by Greek singer Despina Vandi .
Abandoned Luncheonette is the second studio album by the American pop music duo Hall & Oates , released in 1973 , which combines folk , philly soul , and acoustic soul .
God the Lux is the second full - length album by Polish symphonic black metal band Vesania .
`` Heaven Help '' is a single taken from American rock musician Lenny Kravitz ' 1993 album Are You Gon na Go My Way .
`` Life in Technicolor II '' ( properly spelled and written as `` Life in Technicolor ii '' ) , is a song by British alternative rock band Coldplay and the first single from the band 's 2008 EP , Prospekt 's March .
Du borde tycka om mig is an album by Bo Kaspers Orkester , released in 2012 .
Dirty Gay Hits is the debut album by singer / comedian Jonny McGovern ( a.k.a . `` The Gay Pimp '' ) .
The Sinatra Family Wish You a Merry Christmas is a 1968 Christmas album by Frank Sinatra and featuring his children , Frank Sinatra , Jr. , Nancy Sinatra and Tina Sinatra .
Chapter Dos is the third album from Bachata group , Xtreme .
Done with Mirrors is the eighth studio album by American rock band Aerosmith , released November 9 , 1985 .
Salt Song is an album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the CTI Note label featuring performances by Turrentine with an orchestra arranged by Eumir Deodato .
`` Tight Connection to My Heart ( Has Anybody Seen My Love ) '' is a song by Bob Dylan that was released on his 1985 album Empire Burlesque .
`` Crying , Waiting , Hoping '' is a song by written by Buddy Holly .
You Boyz Make Big Noize is the fourteenth album by the British rock group Slade .
Die Hards is the fourth album by hardcore punk rock band The Casualties .
A Portrait of Thelonious is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell , released on Columbia in 1965 , featuring a session recorded at Studio Charlot in Paris on 17 December 1961 , with Pierre Michelot on bass and Kenny Clarke on drums .
The Kids Will Take Their Monsters On is the second official studio album by American rock band Automatic Loveletter , released on July 23 , 2011 .
There Goes Rhymin ' Simon is the third solo studio album by American musician Paul Simon rush - released on May 5 , 1973 .
Verehrt und Angespien ( Worshipped and Spat At ) is the second folk metal album by the German band In Extremo .
Trust Your Instincts is the fifth album by Count Basic released in 2000
`` If I Never See Your Face Again '' is a song by American pop rock band Maroon 5 from the June 2008 re - release of the group 's second studio album , It Wo n't Be Soon Before Long ( 2007 ) .
Wenn Der Südwind Weht is the seventh solo album by German keyboardist Hans - Joachim Roedelius , best known for his work with Cluster , Harmonia , and Aquarello .
Diabolus in Musica is the eighth studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer .
`` Sweet Guy '' was the first single released by Australian rock group Paul Kelly and the Messengers from their 1989 studio album , So Much Water So Close to Home .
`` When Did Your Heart Go Missing ? '' is the lead single from Los Angeles power pop band Rooney from their second album Calling the World .
`` Hollywood Tonight '' is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson , included on his posthumous album , Michael .
Yellow Boogie & Blues is a studio album by American R&B and Boogie - woogie pianist and vocalist Little Willie Littlefield .
Smiling at Strangers is an Australian Hip Hop album by TZU , released in 2005 .
`` You 're Gon na Lose Us '' is a non - album single from The Cribs , and was released on 5 December 2005 , charting at # 30 on the UK Singles Chart .
`` Loves Me Not '' was a planned fourth single for the album Dangerous and Moving by t . A.T.u .
`` Chinese Walk '' is a song by French singer Amanda Lear , released in 2011 by Little Boom Records .
Ice Pickin ' is the sixth studio album released in 1978 by the blues man Albert Collins .
Estamos locos ... ¿ o qué ? is the third studio album by Spanish rock band Hombres G , released in 1987 .
Front Parlour Ballads is the eleventh studio album by Richard Thompson , released in 2005 .
`` Je sais pas '' ( meaning `` I Do n't Know '' ) is the second and last commercial single from album D'eux by Celine Dion .
Anthology 3 is a compilation album by the Beatles released in October 1996 by Apple Records as part of The Beatles Anthology series .
Cositas Buenas is an album featuring Paco de Lucía and directed by Paco de Lucía with the collaboration of Javier Limón .
`` Why , Pt . 2 '' is a song by the American alternative rock band Collective Soul , released on their 2000 album Blender .
Storm Seeker is the debut album by former Dimmu Borgir vocalist / bass guitarist , and current Arcturus vocalist and Borknagar vocalist / bassist ICS Vortex , which was released on August 22 , 2011 in Europe and August 23 , 2011 in North America .
Sociedade da Grã - Ordem Kavernista Apresenta Sessão das 10 ( Society of the Kavernist Great - Order Presents 10:00 Session ) is the second album by Brazilian rock musician Raul Seixas .
Alles wieder offen is an album by the German avant - garde / experimental band Einstürzende Neubauten .
50 States , 50 Laughs is the name of a 2000 album by alternative comedian Neil Hamburger .
Our Man in Jazz is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins , recorded for the RCA Victor label , featuring July 1962 performances by Rollins with Don Cherry , Bob Cranshaw , and Billy Higgins .
The State of His Art is a studio album by American composer / arranger / pianist Clare Fischer , recorded May 1973 and released in 1976 by Revelation Records , and on CD by Clare Fischer Productions in 2007 .
`` Un Momento '' is a song by Inna and the third single taken from her second studio album I Am the Club Rocker .
`` Nothing Suits Me Like a Suit '' is a single performed by Neil Patrick Harris and the cast of the comedy series How I Met Your Mother from the 100th episode `` Girls Versus Suits '' .
Angel with an Attitude is the sixth studio album released by British recording artist Samantha Fox .
Geechee Recollections is an album by American jazz saxophonist Marion Brown recorded in 1973 and released on the Impulse ! label .
Amy Jane is the third single to be produced by multi - instrumentalist / composer Tim Scott , first released on 9 November 2009 .
Queen of Rain was the second single taken from Swedish pop duo Roxette 's 1992 album , Tourism :
First Frost is the eleventh album release and ninth and final studio album by The Lucksmiths released in October 2008 .
Formica Blues is an album from UK band Mono .
`` Beating My Heart '' is a song by American piano rock singer Jon McLaughlin and was the first and only single from his album OK Now .
Life at Best is an album by Eli Young Band , an American country music band .
`` Ich weiss , es wird einmal ein Wunder geschehen '' is a song composed by Bruno Balz and Michael Jary , which was originally recorded by Swedish actress and singer Zarah Leander .
Psychedelic Pill is the thirty - third studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young .
`` Vicinity of Obscenity '' is a song and a promotional single by Armenian - American alternative metal band System of a Down , released on May 2006 to promote the release of the digital version of `` Lonely Day '' , released in the United Kingdom on May 29 , 2006 .
Ma Rainey 's version became popular during 1925 , as `` See See Rider Blues . ''
A Shared History of Tragedy is the second album from Canadian rock band The Black Maria .
`` Uptown Anthem '' is a 1992 song by hip - hop group Naughty by Nature .
The Industrialist is the eighth studio album by American heavy metal band Fear Factory , released on June 5 , 2012 .
`` I Do n't Depend on You '' is a disco - influenced song by the British synthpop group The Human League released under the pseudonym The Men .
Death Chants , Breakdowns & Military Waltzes is a 1963 album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey .
Sun Giant is the second EP by Seattle - based indie folk band Fleet Foxes .
Pleasant Screams is the eighth album by pop punk band The Queers and the sixth album released on Lookout !
Tales of Tragedy is the third full - length album released by Cypriot Power metal band Winter 's Verge .
Peanut Butter Blues & Melancholy Jam is the debut album of British singer and electronic producer Ghostpoet .
Epsilon in Malaysian Pale , also known as Ypsilon in Malaysian Pale , is Edgar Froese 's second studio album , released in 1975 .
`` Everything Is Good for You '' is a 1996 song by rock group Crowded House .
`` The Man Who Called Himself Jesus '' is a song by English band Strawbs written by Dave Cousins .
`` Kufor a šál '' ( English : A Suit and a Scarf ) is a song by Marika Gombitová and Janko Lehotský released on OPUS in 1980 .
Amplified // A Decade of Reinventing the Cello is the second greatest hits album by Apocalyptica .
Glamoured is an album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson .
`` E No Easy '' is a 2009 song by P - Square featuring J. Martins that was revived as a bilingual French / English song `` Positif '' by Matt Houston featuring P - Square in 2012 becoming a hit in France .
Myrskyntuoja ( English : Stormbringer ) is the third studio album by the Finnish heavy metal band Teräsbetoni .
Philly ' 76 is a live album by Frank Zappa , recorded on October 29 , 1976 at the Spectrum in Philadelphia , PA , and released by the Zappa Family Trust on Vaulternative Records on December 21 , 2009 to commemorate Frank Zappa 's 69th birthday .
I Got That Work is the third studio album by hip hop duo Big Tymers .
`` Dressin ' Up '' is a song by American singer - songwriter Katy Perry from Teenage Dream :
`` Surfin ' Bird '' is a song performed by the American surf rock band The Trashmen , and it is also the name of the album that featured this hit single .
The People 's Key is the eighth studio album by Bright Eyes , the Nebraska band of Conor Oberst , Mike Mogis , and Nate Walcott .
Andromeda Heights is a 1997 album by English pop group Prefab Sprout .
Willst du mit mir gehn ( German : Do you want to go with me ) is the thirteenth studio album of German pop singer Nena .
`` Veteran Cosmic Rocker '' is a 1981 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues .
Night of the Living Drag Queens is the second full - length release by North Carolina punk band the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 .
Fantasía Pop ( Pop Fantasy ) is the third studio album by the Mexican electropop band Belanova .
Heads and Hearts is the fourth studio album by English post - punk band The Sound , recorded in late 1984 and released in February 1985 by record label Statik .
`` Il mio amore unico '' ( English : My only love ) is a song by Italian singer Dolcenera , released in 2009 as the lead single from her fourth studio album , Dolcenera nel paese delle meraviglie .
Red Wine and Blue is the first and only studio album by Australian alternative country band The Dearhunters , which was released in 1999 .
Slip of the Tongue is the eighth studio album by the British hard rock band Whitesnake , released in 1989 .
`` Suffer Little Children '' is a song by the English rock band The Smiths , that was included on their eponymous debut album in 1984 .
`` The Whole of the Moon '' is a 1985 single taken from The Waterboys ' album This Is the Sea .
The Garden of Mirrors is an album by Stephan Micus , released by the ECM label .
Camera Camera is the tenth studio album by the British progressive rock band Renaissance , released in 1981 .
`` Favourite Shirts ( Boy Meets Girl ) '' is the debut single by the British new wave band Haircut One Hundred , released in 1981 .
Cool Touch is a 1990 album , recorded by the English singer - songwriter , Leo Sayer .
`` Livin ' in the Life '' is the second song released from The Isley Brothers ' 1977 album , Go for Your Guns .
Doom , Gloom , Heartache & Whiskey is the third studio album by English hard rock band Viking Skull .
Tijuana Jazz is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Gary McFarland and trumpeter Clark Terry featuring performances recorded in 1965 for the Impulse ! label .
Niže nego ljudski ( Less Than Human ) is the second studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut , released by Zvono Records in 1998 .
In the Evenings Out There is an album by pianist Paul Bley , bassist Gary Peacock , drummer Tony Oxley and saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1991 and released on the ECM label in 1993 .
Out Where the Bright Lights Are Glowing is the twelfth studio album by country music artist Ronnie Milsap .
Pieces of Eighty - Eight is the second and final album by American jazz pianist Evans Bradshaw featuring tracks recorded in 1959 for the Riverside label .
Friday Afternoon in the Universe is an album released by experimental jazz fusion trio Medeski Martin & Wood .
Theater of Salvation is the fourth ( or third `` official '' ) studio album by German power metal band Edguy , released in 1999 .
Here 's the Man ! ! ! is the second studio album by Bobby Bland , released in 1962 .
Back in ' 72 is the sixth studio album by American rock singer / songwriter Bob Seger , released in 1973 .
Sam na sam is the third album by Czech - Polish pop singer Ewa Farna , released on the November 9 , 2007 .
I Am You Are is the début album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle , released in 2001 .
`` I Do n't Care ( Just as Long as You Love Me ) '' is a 1964 single by Buck Owens , and was his fourth number one on the country chart .
The Naked Carmen is a 1970 recording by David Hess and John Corigliano .
Eternamente Bella ( Eternally beautiful ) is the third album by Mexican iconic Rock singer Alejandra Guzmán .
Lost in a Moment is the third album by Norwegian musician Lene Marlin .
`` Vyznanie '' ( in English transcribed as `` Why ( Must I Always Fail ) ? '' , respectively also known as `` Declaration '' ) is a song by the female singer Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1979 .
Weak in the Presence of Beauty was the second and last album by English sophisti - pop band Floy Joy .
`` Sunshine on a Rainy Day '' is a 1990 single released by British female pop singer and songwriter Zoë .
`` Semmozhiyaana Thamizh Mozhiyaam '' ( Tamil : செம்மொழியான தமிழ் மொழியாம் ; alternately titled Tamil Meet Anthem , World Classical Tamil Conference Theme or Semmozhi ) is a Tamil song composed by A. R. Rahman , penned by former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M. Karunanidhi and performed by several leading Tamil artistes of over three generations .
Peace by Piece is the ninth album by San Francisco psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service and the first to be released with guitarist Gary Duncan at the sole command .
I 've Always Been Crazy is a country album by Waylon Jennings , released on RCA Victor in 1978 .
This Armor is the second studio album recorded by Japanese singer - songwriter Chihiro Onitsuka , released in March 2002 .
Last of Analog Sessions is a box set album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow .
That Smiling Face is the fourth single by German synthpop group Camouflage , released exclusively in the US during the fall of 1988 .
Submit to Desire was the second full - length LP by Sleep Chamber .
The Light Meets the Dark is the second major label studio album from Christian pop rock band Tenth Avenue North .
Psychoderelict is a concept album written , produced and engineered by Pete Townshend .
`` I Should Have Cheated is a song by American R&B recording artist Keyshia Cole , written by 112 members Daron Jones and Quinnes ' ' Q `` Parker for her debut album , The Way It Is ( 2005 ) .
`` Comfortably Numb '' ( working title `` The Doctor '' ) is a song by the English rock band Pink Floyd , which first appears on the 1979 double album The Wall .
You Better Believe Me is an album by the Ramsey Lewis Trio , featuring vocalist Jean DuShon on six tracks , which was recorded in late 1964 and early 1965 and released on the Argo label .
`` Natteravn '' is a pop song recorded by Danish singer Rasmus Seebach taken from his debut album by the same name .
`` Second Round K.O. '' was a single from Canibus ' debut album , Can - I - Bus .
In City Dreams is guitarist and songwriter Robin Trower 's fifth solo studio album .
Naked Guitar is a solo - guitar studio album by Earl Klugh released in 2005 .
And Far Away is an album by American jazz pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1983 and released on the Soul Note label .
The Tra - La Days Are Over is a 1973 album by American singer - songwriter Neil Sedaka .
Basil Rathbone played Holmes and Nigel Bruce played Watson in fourteen U.S. films ( two for 20th Century Fox and a dozen for Universal Pictures ) from 1939 to 1946 , and in The New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes on the Mutual radio network from 1939 to 1946 ( before the role of Holmes passed to Tom Conway ) .
Ships in the Forest is a studio album by Irish traditional singer Karan Casey , and the first to be released primarily on her own label .
`` My Kz , Ur Bf '' ( often stylised as `` MY KZ , UR BF '' or `` My Keys , Your Boyfriend '' ) is a song from British indie pop band Everything Everything .
`` Nothing Is Keeping You Here '' is a song by the Norwegian band a - ha taken from their ninth studio album Foot of the Mountain ( 2009 ) .
`` And It Feels Like '' was the first single from American country pop singer LeAnn Rimes ' album Whatever We Wanna .
Piss Frond is a double CD 1999 album by Dead Voices on Air .
`` Kingyo Hanabi '' ( 金魚花火 ; Goldfish Fireworks ) is Ai Otsuka 's fifth single .
Licking Cream is the third single by the band Sevendust from their second album Home .
Close the Distance is the second and final studio album from the American rock band Go Radio .
`` Player 's Anthem '' is the first single released from the Junior M.A.F.I.A. 's debut album Conspiracy .
`` Lovelight '' is a pop song written and originally performed by Lewis Taylor for his 2003 album Stoned , Part I. In 2006 , the song was covered by British singer Robbie Williams .
Bodies and Minds is the second album by Canadian folk rock group Great Lake Swimmers , released in 2005 .
Firefrost Arcanum is the first full - length album released by the Polish symphonic black metal band Vesania .
Guitar Gangsters & Cadillac Blood is Danish `` metal & rollers '' Volbeat 's third studio album .
`` Stars Over 45 '' is a song by Chas & Dave which was released as a single on 6 December 1981 and entered the UK Singles Chart at # 59 .
Live at Hammersmith Odeon is a live Black Sabbath album recorded at three concerts between 31 December 1981 and 2 January 1982 , during the Mob Rules tour .
`` Gimme Some Truth '' − or `` Give Me Some Truth '' , as the title originally appeared on record sleeves − is a protest song written and performed by John Lennon .
Semidevilish is the fourth album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat which was released in 2004 .
Malvina My Sweet Woman is an album by American Delta blues guitarist , singer and songwriter Big Joe Williams .
You Shoulda Told Me You Were ... is the eighth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts .
King of the Grey Islands is the ninth studio album by Swedish doom metal band Candlemass released on 22 June 2007 .
`` Officially Missing You '' is a song by Canadian R&B recording artist Tamia , taken from her third studio album , More ( 2004 ) .
`` Noche de estrellas '' is a Spanish - language dance hit by Spanish music producer and DJ Jose de Rico and Dominican - Spanish reggaeton , house , Latin and dance singer Henry Mendez featuring Jay Santos .
When I Was at Aso - Mountain is an album by jazz drummer Elvin Jones introducing Japanese pianist Takehisa Tanaka recorded in 1990 and released on the Enja label in 1993 .
`` I Still Ca n't Get Over Loving You '' is a 1983 song written and performed by Ray Parker , Jr ..
`` Sound and Vision '' is a song and single by David Bowie which appeared on the album Low in 1977 .
`` Say Yeah '' is a song by an American hip hop recording artist Wiz Khalifa .
Zelluloid ( German for `` Celluloid '' ) is the fourth studio album released by the Neue Deutsche Härte band Unheilig .
Shannon Rutherford was a fictional character played by Maggie Grace on the ABC drama television series Lost , which chronicled the lives of the survivors of a plane crash in the South Pacific .
`` Mystic Eyes '' is a song written by Northern Irish singer - songwriter Van Morrison when he was leader of the band Them .
Dream of a Lifetime was the first posthumously released compilation of music by the American soul singer Marvin Gaye .
Pieces , Part One is the fifth studio album by Korean hip - hop group Epik High , released on April 17 , 2008 .
`` Black Wax '' is a single released by Glaswegian Indie rock band Dananananaykroyd .
That same year , Merle Haggard , covered `` Kentucky Gambler '' where it was his nineteenth number one song on the country chart .
`` She Likes It in the Morning is the title of a country music song written by Clay Walker and M. Jason Greene .
If I Could Be ... is the fifth album by Meredith Brooks , released in 2007 .
Maniac Meat is the second studio album by American electronic musician Tobacco .
`` Lisa Baby '' is a song by American hip hop artist Father MC , recorded for his debut album Father 's Day .
`` Tunnoton '' ( English : Numb ) is a Finnish - language song by Finnish pop singer Jenni Vartiainen , released as the debut single from her debut album Ihmisten edessä on 11 April 2007 , by Warner Music Finland .
`` Galway Girl '' or `` The Galway Girl '' is a song written by Steve Earle and recorded with Irish musician Sharon Shannon , which was featured on Earle 's 2000 album Transcendental Blues .
`` Just a Fool '' is a duet recorded by American singers Christina Aguilera and Blake Shelton for Aguilera 's seventh studio album , Lotus ( 2012 ) .
`` She Looks Good in Velvet '' was Eighteen Visions ' second hit and first radio single .
Bull 's Eye ! is an album by pianist Barry Harris recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label .
`` A Feelin ' Like That '' is a song written by Ira Dean , David Lee Murphy , and Kim Tribble , and recorded by American country music artist Gary Allan .
`` Shoot the Dog '' is a single by the singer - songwriter George Michael , released as the second single from his album , Patience , though released a year and a half prior to the album .
Perpetual Desolation is the second and final studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band The Sins of Thy Beloved .
Loverly is an album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson , released in 2008 .
6 Force is the first mini album ( third overall ) of electronica singer - lyricist Aira Mitsuki .
World of Noise is the debut album recorded by the band Everclear .
The Afro - Eurasian Eclipse ( subtitled A Suite in Eight Parts ) is a studio album by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1971 and released on the Fantasy label in 1975 .
`` When Am I Going to Make a Living '' is a song by English band Sade from their debut studio album Diamond Life ( 1984 ) .
`` Watch the Wind Blow By '' is a song written by Anders Osborne and Dylan Altman , and performed by American country music singer Tim McGraw .
`` Whiskey Girl '' is a song co - written and performed by American country music singer Toby Keith .
`` Dark Was the Night , Cold Was the Ground '' is a gospel blues song written and performed by American musician Blind Willie Johnson and recorded in 1927 .
`` 2 Legit 2 Quit '' is a single by MC Hammer featuring Saja aka Sonia Moore , released on September 5 , 1991 as both the title track and first single of his fourth studio album , Too Legit to Quit ( 1991 ) .
Ekti Katha is a Bengali album of the Indian singer Shreya Ghoshal , released in 1999 by Indian label Sagarika .
7-Tease is the twelfth studio album , and fourteenth album overall , from British singer - songwriter Donovan .
Power in Numbers is the third studio album from the alternative hip - hop group Jurassic 5 ( on their second on a major label ) .
`` Superthug '' is a hip hop single by Puerto Rican American rapper N.O.R.E. ( a / k / a Noreaga ) with background vocals from Tammy Lucas during the song 's hook .
`` World in My Eyes '' is Depeche Mode 's 26th UK single , released on 17 September 1990 , and the fourth and final single for the album Violator .
Death Is Silent is the debut solo album by American producer / rapper Kno , member of CunninLynguists .
Diamonds and Pearls is the thirteenth studio album by American recording artist Prince and The New Power Generation .
Argybargy is a 1980 album by the British new wave group Squeeze .
Filthy ! is Papa John Creach 's second solo album and the first with his band Zulu .
`` On It '' is a single by American electropunk band Mindless Self Indulgence , released in the U.S. on July 8 , 2008 .
`` Sei parte di me '' ( en : You are part of me ) is a pop song and third single by Zero Assoluto from their second studio album `` Appena prima di partire '' .
Every Chance I Get is the third studio album by American country rap artist Colt Ford .
Rudebox is the seventh studio album by English singer - songwriter Robbie Williams , released on 23 October 2006 in the United Kingdom .
`` Es gibt kein Bier auf Hawaii '' ( There is no beer on Hawaii ) is a German schlager song , performed by the German singer Paul Kuhn in 1963 .
Embareh Kan Omry Eshren ( Arabic : إمبارح كان عمري عشرين‎ ) is a 2005 studio album by Mohamed Mounir .
`` Here Comes Goodbye '' is a song written by American Idol season 6 finalist Chris Sligh and Clint Lagerberg and recorded by American country music group Rascal Flatts , who released it in January 2009 as the first from their album Unstoppable and the twenty - third single of their career .
Mother Head 's Family Reunion is the Richie Kotzen 's first post - Poison solo album .
Six Feet Down Under is a limited edition commemorative live EP by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
Bark at the Moon is the third studio album by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne , originally released on 15 November 1983 .
Inside I 'm Singing , released in 2007 , is the ninth album by Secret Garden .
Featuring Freshness is the tenth compilation album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse .
El Tren de los Momentos is the eighth studio album recorded by Spanish singer - songwriter Alejandro Sanz , which counts with the collaborations of Juanes , Antonio Carmona ( ex - Ketama ) , Shakira and Calle 13 .
`` Only Shallow '' is a song by the shoegazing band My Bloody Valentine .
`` Sing Sang Sung '' is a summery pop anthem song by the French duo Air .
Green Roses is the third studio album by the Serbian Irish folk / Celtic rock band Orthodox Celts released in 1999 .
Pause for a Hoarse Horse is the debut album of British rock band Home .
More Parts per Million is The Thermals ' debut album .
I 'm Not Dead is the fourth studio album by the American recording artist and songwriter Pink .
Ridin ' on the Blinds was the second and final album by the folk - rock trio of Rick Danko , Jonas Fjeld and Eric Andersen .
The Soul Album is the fourth studio album by American soul singer - songwriter Otis Redding , released in 1966 .
Rock the Rebel / Metal the Devil is the second album from Danish heavy metal act Volbeat , released in 2007 .
Dreamchaser is the eleventh studio album by English singer and songwriter Sarah Brightman .
Somewhere in the Real World is the Gold album by Vanessa Amorosi , released in Australia on 24 May 2008 .
Kevin Volchok ( often simply referred to as Volchok ) is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C. , portrayed by Cam Gigandet .
Diamond Hoo Ha is the sixth and final album by British alternative rock band Supergrass , released in the UK on 24 March 2008 , and offers a return to punchier Supergrass songs , in comparison to the more mellow Road to Rouen , their previous album released in 2005 .
`` The Honeythief '' is a 1986 song performed by the Scottish band Hipsway .
Jesus Price Supastar is the second studio album by rapper Sean Price , released on January 30 , 2007 through Duck Down Records .
`` Someone 's Daughter '' is a song by Beth Orton , released as her fourth single , found on her 1996 release Trailer Park .
She 's the Boss is the solo album debut by The Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger released in 1985 .
More Monsters and Sprites is the third EP and first remix album by American electronic music producer Skrillex .
`` Escobar ' 97 '' produced by the TrackMasters is a 1997 single by Nas on the soundtrack Men in Black :
Reach the Beach is the platinum - plus second studio album by British new wave band The Fixx , released in 1983 .
' Renegade Cavalcade ' is the 22nd single release by Northern Irish band Ash .
`` 4:99 '' is an album by German hip hop band Die Fantastischen Vier .
A Promise to Burn is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Framing Hanley , released on May 25 , 2010 .
`` We 're All Alone '' is a song written by Boz Scaggs , who introduced it on his 1976 album Silk Degrees .
`` You Will Know '' is a song written and recorded by American R&B singer - songwriter Stevie Wonder , taken from his 1987 Characters album .
Late Nights & Early Mornings is the debut studio album by English recording artist and former Floetry member Marsha Ambrosius .
`` Who 's Going Home With You Tonight ? '' is the first single from Trapt 's 2008 album Only Through the Pain .
Trapped in the Body of a White Girl is a 1987 album by Julie Brown .
Still Cruisin ' is the 26th studio album by The Beach Boys , their thirty - fifth official album ( counting compilations and live packages ) , and their last release of the 1980s .
`` Jessie 's Girl '' is a song written and performed by Australian singer Rick Springfield .
Streetlight Lullabies is a full - length studio album by Toh Kay ( Tomas Kalnoky , of Streetlight Manifesto ) , released November 22 , 2011 .
Western Skies is Roddy Frame 's third solo album and was released on 1 May 2006 .
Purple Night is a jazz album by free jazz pioneer Sun Ra .
Invisible Superman ( Chinese : 隱形超人 , Hanyu Pinyin : Yǐnxíng Chāorén ) is Amber Kuo 's first Chinese language album .
`` Got Your Back '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I. , released on June 1 , 2010 , as the lead single ( third overall ) from his seventh studio album No Mercy ( 2010 ) .
`` Laughter in the Rain '' is a song recorded by Neil Sedaka , composed by him with lyrics by Phil Cody .
Qhnnnl ( stylized as qhnnnl ) is the fourth album from Dianogah and was released on June 10 , 2008 .
`` Money Jane '' is a hip - hop song by Baby Blue Soundcrew featuring Kardinal Offishall , Jully Black , and Sean Paul .
When Devils Strike is the ninth album released by South Park Mexican .
`` Nagisa ni Matsuwaru Et Cetera '' is the 4th single released by Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi on April 4 , 1997 .
Midwestern Songs of the Americas is an album released by the punk rock band Dillinger Four .
I Against I is the third studio album by the American hardcore punk band Bad Brains .
Just Enough Education to Perform is the third studio album by Welsh rock band Stereophonics .
Tutti chiavano ( ma io no ) ( Everyone fucks ( but I do n't ) ) is a single by Catarrhal Noise .
L.O.V.Evil is the first album release of the Seattle - based Second Coming .
`` The Battle of the Blue and the Grey '' is the Bee Gees ' first single , backed by `` The Three Kisses of Love '' and released on March 22 , 1963 .
`` GodLovesUgly '' is a single by Atmosphere , released on November 19 , 2002 , via 12 `` vinyl .
Strange and Beautiful is Aqualung 's first US album release : a compilation of tracks from Aqualung 's first two albums :
`` Près de moi '' is the second single recorded by the French singer Lorie .
`` I Would n't Believe Your Radio '' is the fourth single from rock band Stereophonics taken from their second album Performance and Cocktails .
Para Quando o Arco - Íris Encontrar o Pote de Ouro ( For when the rainbow meets the pot of gold ) is the second solo album released by Brazilian musician Nando Reis .
`` You Might Think '' is a single by The Cars from their fifth studio album , Heartbeat City , which came out in 1984 .
Perfect Darkness is the fifth album from British musician Fink , and the fourth to be recorded with his self - titled band .
Because I Love It is the third studio album by American singer - songwriter Amerie .
Carelian Satanist Madness is an album by Finnish black metal band Satanic Warmaster .
Robotique Majestique is an album by Ghostland Observatory released on February 29 , 2008 under Thomas Ross Turner 's label , Trashy Moped Recordings .
`` We Can Only Live Today ( Puppy ) '' is a song by Belgian drum and bass producer Netsky , featuring vocals from Billie .
Metal Discharge is the eighth full - length album by German thrash metal band Destruction , released in 2003 .
Genocide and Mass Murder is the debut album by Japanese metal band Deathgaze .
Baby It 's So Hard to Be Good is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb , released in 1972 ( see 1972 in music ) .
Dear Companion is Espers vocalist Meg Baird 's first solo album .
Je te serai fidèle is a 2003 French language album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine .
I Will Praise You is the ninth studio album by Christian pop singer Rebecca St. James .
`` One Million Kisses '' is a song by the band Rufus , released as a single in 1983 from the live album Stompin ' at the Savoy .
Você Não Precisa Entender ( Portuguese for You Do n't Have to Understand ) is the third studio album by Brazilian rock band Capital Inicial .
`` Tomorrow 's ( Just Another Day ) '' is a song by British band Madness from their fourth album The Rise & Fall .
`` Southampton Dock '' is a song from Pink Floyd 's 1983 album , The Final Cut .
Edge of a Dream is the twenty - second album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch , released in 2002 .
Cruel Inventions is the sixth ( studio ) album from American singer - songwriter Sam Phillips .
The Blue Notebooks is the second album by British producer / composer Max Richter .
`` Tan Feliz '' ( English : So Happy ) is a song by American artist Pee Wee .
Watching Waiting is the first studio solo album of singer / songwriter Todd Carey .
`` We Are the World '' is a song and charity single originally recorded by the supergroup USA for Africa in 1985 .
`` When It Started '' is a song by the garage rock band The Strokes .
`` It 's One of Those Nights ( Yes Love ) '' is a song written by Tony Romeo and was recorded by The Partridge Family for their 1972 album , Shopping Bag .
Trapz of Poetic Poison is the first release by the Canadian Hip - Hop / Rap band Project Wyze .
Union Black is the fourth album from Welsh reggae metal band Skindred .
Reactor Party was the first physical single released by Glasgow band Shitdisco It was released on 23 October 2006 and reached # 73 in the UK charts .
`` Like a Boy '' is a song performed by American singer Ciara for her second album Ciara :
Maybe They Will Sing for Us Tomorrow is the third full - length album by American ambient / post - rock band Hammock .
`` Goin' Down to Rio '' is a song by Jeff Lynne , B - side to `` Doin' That Crazy Thing '' .
Full of Fire is an album by soul singer Al Green released in 1976 .
Bee Thousand is the seventh album by American indie rock band Guided by Voices released on June 21 , 1994 .
Dingly Dell is a 1972 album by English rock band Lindisfarne .
Efter endnu en dag ( `` After Another Day '' in English ) is the sixth studio album by Gasolin ' and was released in November 1976 .
`` My Doorbell '' by the American alternative rock band The White Stripes is the second single from their album Get Behind Me Satan ( 2005 ) .
Bloodstained Endurance is the sixth studio album by the Norwegian black / gothic metal band Trail of Tears .
Elvis Presley recorded a cover version of `` My Boy '' in late 1973 that was included on his 1974 album Good Times .
Relentless Recurrence is the third studio album by the Taiwanese black metal band Chthonic , released in 2002 .
The Ultimate Fling is the first single from the album Revolution Roulette by the Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall .
This Is Unity Music is the second full length album by Common Rider , released in 2002 .
`` Me and Tennessee '' is a song written by Chris Martin and performed by Tim McGraw and Gwyneth Paltrow .
Let 's Welcome the Circus People is third album solo by Guided by Voices member Tobin Sprout released in 1999 .
Mumps , Etc . is the fourth studio album by American hip hop band Why ? .
`` Starcamp EP '' is the 17th single by Japanese singer and voice actress Nana Mizuki .
Become What You Are is the debut album by The Juliana Hatfield Three , released in 1993 .
`` This Is n't Everything You Are '' is a song by Northern Irish - Scottish alternative rock group Snow Patrol .
Pushing the Senses is the fifth album by the British rock band Feeder .
`` Oklahoma Swing '' is a song recorded by American country music artists Vince Gill and Reba McEntire as a duet .
From the Moon to the Sun is the fourth solo album by American rock artist Kip Winger .
`` This Woman 's Work '' is a song written and performed by the British singer Kate Bush .
Von Herz zu Herz ( `` From Heart to Heart '' ) is the sixth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers .
`` In the Shape of a Heart '' is a song written and performed by American singer - songwriter Jackson Browne included on his 1986 album , Lives in the Balance .
`` A Man I 'll Never Be '' is a song written by Tom Scholz and first released on Boston 's 1978 album Do n't Look Back .
Haze Shrapnel is an EP by Bass Communion , a side project of Steven Wilson .
`` Set Adrift on Memory Bliss '' is a song by American hip - hop group P.M. Dawn .
Beats , Rhymes and Life is the fourth album of the hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest .
Confusion Bay is the second album by Danish metal band Raunchy .
`` Power Gate '' is the fifth single by Japanese singer and voice actress Nana Mizuki .
`` Pop Singer '' is the début single from London - based glam rockers Rachel Stamp .
Twelve Shots on the Rocks is the sixth studio album by the Finnish rock band Hanoi Rocks , released in 2002 , however it was their first studio album since the band 's break - up in 1985 .
`` Dead in Hollywood '' is a song by horror punk band Murderdolls from their debut album Beyond the Valley of the Murderdolls .
Stay Up , Get Down is the first EP by the band , The Maine , and was released on May 8 , 2007 .
`` Meant to Fly '' is a song written by Chantal Kreviazuk , Raine Maida and Gaby Moreno , for 2006 Canadian Idol winner Eva Avila .
`` I Ca n't Live Without You '' is a song by Liechtenstein producer Al Walser .
`` Take You Down '' is a song recorded by American recording artist Chris Brown for his second studio album , Exclusive ( 2007 ) .
Darker Days Ahead is the second album by American deathgrind band Terrorizer .
Backwater Awhile is the fourth solo album by Irish musician Sonny Condell .
When and Where is the third studio album by the American country music band Confederate Railroad .
`` Quelque part '' is a 2007 song recorded by the R&B singer Sheryfa Luna .
`` Saved by Zero '' is a song by British new wave band The Fixx .
`` Walk on Faith '' is a song co - written and recorded by Country musician Mike Reid .
`` Baby What You Want Me to Do '' ( sometimes called `` You Got Me Running '' or `` You Got Me Runnin ' '' ) is a blues song that was written and recorded by Jimmy Reed in 1959 .
Time Fades Away is a 1973 live album by Neil Young , consisting of previously unreleased material .
Foppt den Dämon ! ( Tease the demon ) is the Third full - length studio album by the German Folk Metal band Subway to Sally .
I 'm Not F4 ( Chinese title : 我不是F4 , pinyin : Wo Bu Shi F4 ) is the English title of Vic Chou 's third solo album , released in October 2007 .
Visiter is the second album released by The Dodos .
`` If I Did n't Care '' is a song written by Jack Lawrence that was originally sung and recorded by The Ink Spots featuring Bill Kenny in 1939 .
My Kind of Livin ' is the third studio album released by American country music artist Craig Morgan .
Only the Dead Fish Follow the Stream is a song written by Louise Hoffsten , Stefan Örn and Sandra Bjurman , and performed by Louise Hoffsten at Melodifestivalen 2013 , reaching the final where it ended up 5th with 85 points ( 36 from the international jury , 49 from the televoters ) .
Never Letting Go is the fourth album by singer -- songwriter Phoebe Snow , released in 1977 ( see 1977 in music ) .
Beautiful Machine is the seventh album by Shihad and was released on 21 April 2008 in New Zealand and 17 May 2008 in Australia .
`` Leave Them Boys Alone '' is a song recorded by American country music artist Hank Williams , Jr. with Waylon Jennings and Ernest Tubb .
Crisis Works is the debut LP from Young Legionnaire .
To Rock or Not to Be is the 12th studio album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus , released in 1995 .
`` Your Forgiveness '' is the fifth track on the seventh studio album of The Rasmus , Black Roses .
`` Ten Over Ten '' is the third single from Nigerian rapper Naeto C 's Super C Season album .
`` Odd One '' is the second single from Sick Puppies ' third album Tri - Polar , which impacted rock radio on November 10 , 2009 .
The Art of Losing is the second studio album by the American alternative rock band American Hi - Fi .
Romantic Warriors is the fifth studio album by Modern Talking , released on 8 June 1987 in Germany and elsewhere .
Whisper That Way was the first solo album released by 98 Degrees founding member Jeff Timmons in 2004 .
Only a Mountain is the third studio album from Christian Contemporary / acoustic / pop singer Jason Castro .
Live Riot is the first live album from the Modesto , CA based contemporary worship band Worth Dying For released by Ammunition Records in February 2012 .
Justice for All ! is an LP recorded by British singer Jimmy Justice .
A 13-track CD soundtrack was bundled with the Game of the Year Edition of Homeworld and features the original soundtrack by Paul Ruskay .
100 % Publishing is the seventh studio album by UK grime artist Wiley .
The Adventures of Panama Red is the fourth country rock album by the New Riders of the Purple Sage , released in 1973 .
`` LA Song '' , subtitled `` LA Song ( Out of This Town ) '' on the single release , is a song by American singer - songwriter Beth Hart , released as a single from her second album Screamin ' for My Supper on September 28 , 1999 .
Eveningland is the second album by indie folk group Hem .
The Girl in the Other Room is the seventh album by jazz singer and pianist Diana Krall .
`` Hurry On Sundown '' is a 1970 song by the UK rock group Hawkwind .
`` 4th of July ( Fireworks ) '' is the second single from Kelis ' fifth album , Flesh Tone .
The String Quartets is an album of contemporary classical music by American composer and saxophonist / multi - instrumentalist John Zorn performed by Mark Feldman , Erik Friedlander , Joyce Hammann and Lois Martin .
Reviewer Eugene Chadbourne said , `` Trust Weird Al Yankovic to name an album Even Worse even as his recordings were getting better again . ''
Revivor ( 2003 ) is an aggrotech album by Funker Vogt .
Songs from the Black Mountain Music Project is a collaboration between Mirah and Ginger Brooks Takahashi with assorted guests .
Light of Day , Day of Darkness is the second ( one - track ) studio album by the Norwegian progressive metal band , Green Carnation .
`` Get'em Daddy '' was the first single from Cam'ron 's album Killa Season .
Must B 21 ( Soundtrack to Get Things Started ) is the second studio album released by The Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am .
`` Glorious Mind '' is Zard 's 43rd single released on December 12 , 2007 .
Dragons of the North is the first full - length album by the Norwegian Viking metal band Einherjer .
`` Found That Soul '' is a single by the Manic Street Preachers , released on 26 February 2001 from the Know Your Enemy album .
`` You Got the Silver '' is a song by English rock and roll band The Rolling Stones from their 1969 album Let It Bleed .
`` Just Because of You '' is the second single released by German boy band US5 .
`` Crush My Soul '' is a song by industrial metal band Godflesh , taken from the album Selfless .
`` Mr. Wendal '' is a song recorded by American rap group Arrested Development in 1992 , from their most commercially successful album , 3 Years , 5 Months & 2 Days in the Life Of ....
Sintoxicated is the fourth studio album by Jamaican recording artist Tanya Stephens .
`` I Seen a Man Die '' , also known as `` I Never Seen a Man Cry '' , is the second single released from Scarface 's third album , The Diary .
Storm Force Ten is an album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span , the band 's 10th effort , released in 1977 .
It 's the World Gone Crazy is the thirty - seventh album by American singer / guitarist Glen Campbell , released in 1981 ( see 1981 in music ) .
Son of Altered Beast is an EP by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet .
Chaos Born is the fifth full - length album by the Finnish melodic black metal band Catamenia .
Galactik Fiestamatik is the second studio album of Filipino singer , Rico Blanco .
Power Spot is an album by American trumpet player and composer Jon Hassell recorded in 1983 and 1984 and released on the ECM label .
Brava ! ( English : Brave ! ) is the tenth studio album and second bilingual album by Mexican recording artist Paulina Rubio , released on November 15 , 2011 by Universal Music Latino .
Ghetto Therapy is an album by Latin rappers , Sen Dog and Mellow Man Ace ( as The Reyes Brothers ) , released on October 3 , 2006 .
American Salute is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins with Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops Orchestra .
`` Screw You '' is a song recorded by English recording artist Cheryl Cole and British hip hop artist Wretch 32 for Cole 's third studio album A Million Lights ( 2012 ) .
The Underdog / El Subestimado is a rap / hip - hop album released by Tego Calderón on August 29 , 2006 .
Anime salve is the final album released by Italian singer / songwriter Fabrizio De André in 1996 .
Tomorrow Is the Question ! , subtitled The New Music of Ornette Coleman ! , is the second album by American jazz musician Ornette Coleman , originally released in 1959 by the Contemporary label .
Live Blackjazz is a live album by the Norwegian band Shining , released through Universal/ Indie Recordings on November 11 , 2011 .
Take Me to Baltimore is the third and final studio album to date by English soul singer Ruth Copeland .
The Scene Changes was Perry Como 's 12th RCA Victor 12 `` long - play album .
`` Get Him Back '' is a song written by American singer Fiona Apple and produced by Mike Elizondo and Brian Kehew for her third album Extraordinary Machine ( 2005 ) .
P.O.L.O.V.I.R.U.S. was the second album by the Polish group Kury , released in 1998 .
The score for Inception was written by Hans Zimmer , who described his work as `` a very electronic , dense score '' , filled with `` nostalgia and sadness '' to match Cobb 's feelings throughout the film .
Woody Guthrie 's Blues is an album by American folk musician Ramblin ' Jack Elliott , released in 1955 in Great Britain .
These Are the Moments is the seventh studio album by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family .
`` Miami Vice Theme '' is a musical piece created and performed by Jan Hammer as the theme to the television series Miami Vice .
In and Out of Control is the fourth album by The Raveonettes , and was released October 6 , 2009 .
Wednesday Morning , 3 A.M. is the debut studio album by the American folk rock duo Simon & Garfunkel , released on October 19 , 1964 .
Soundtrack to Your Escape is the seventh studio album of Swedish heavy metal band In Flames .
Choose My Life - U is an album in 2002 by S.E.S ..
`` D'amour ou d'amitié '' ( meaning `` Love or Friendship '' , pronounced : ( damuːʁ u damitje ) ) is the second single from Celine Dion 's album , Tellement j'ai d'amour ....
Something Bitchin ' This Way Comes is the sole album by Lock Up , released in July 1989 .
Signal Morning is the second studio album by the psychedelic rock band Circulatory System .
Eda Wobu is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris in 1969 and first released in 1991 by the Italian JMY label .
Vintervisor is the name of the second album by the Swedish folk band Triakel .
Beat ' Em Up , recorded at Hit Factory Criteria studios in Miami Beach , Florida , is the first Iggy Pop album in which The Trolls were credited .
Twelve Small Steps , One Giant Disappointment is the third studio album from the American indie rock band , Bad Astronaut .
Solitude / Solitaire , released on 23 June 1986 , is the second solo release by former - Chicago member and lead vocalist Peter Cetera , his first album after leaving the band .
`` Turn the Beat Around '' is a disco song written by Gerald Jackson and Peter Jackson and performed by Vicki Sue Robinson in 1976 ( see 1976 in music ) , originally appearing on her debut album , Never Gon na Let You Go .
Love and Other Planets is the second album by British singer / songwriter Adem Ilhan , who records under the name Adem .
Chung King Can Suck It is a limited - pressing colored vinyl album by New York City band Judge , containing the original version of what was to be the Bringin ' It Down album .
`` Lonely Day '' is the second single from the 2005 album Hypnotize by Armenian American rock band System of a Down .
The Stargate is an album by Norwegian solo artist Mortiis that was scheduled for release with the book Secrets of My Kingdom , alongside a limited gold press version of the CD , which was for unknown reasons later released in 2001 , prior to The Smell of Rain .
Känn ingen sorg för mig Göteborg is the debut album by Swedish musician Håkan Hellström .
`` This Is Mine '' is synthpop trio Heaven 17 's second and last single of 1984 from the album How Men Are .
Di - Dar is the last Cantonese album recorded by Chinese singer Faye Wong .
Tones , Shapes & Colors is the debut album by the American jazz saxophonist Joe Lovano recorded in 1985 and released on the Italian Soul Note label .
Anugerah Aidilfitri is the special studio album by Malaysian pop singer - songwriter Dato ' Siti Nurhaliza which was released on a week before Hari Raya Aidilfitri , 2003 .
The Duplicated Memory is an album by the St. Louis , Missouri , hardcore punk / metalcore band Calico System , released in 2003 .
Rux Revue is the debut album by Carl Hancock Rux , released by Sony 550 Records and produced in Los Angeles by the Dust Brothers ;
Knockin ' Doorz Down is the second single off Pimp C 's second album Pimpalation .
Funk Tango is an album by the Paquito D'Rivera Quintet ? , released through Sunny Side Records in 2007 .
Rockin ' Roll Baby is the third studio album recorded by American R&B group The Stylistics , released in November 1973 on the Avco label .
Loose ... is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label .
Cyberspace and Reds is an album by Mike Skinner under his alias The Streets , released on 24 January 2011 .
`` Nothing Is Real but the Girl '' is a song from Blondie 's 1999 comeback album No Exit .
`` She and I '' is a song written by Dave Loggins , and recorded by American country music band Alabama .
New Amerykah Part One ( 4th World War ) is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Erykah Badu , released on February 26 , 2008 , by Universal Motown .
En Nuestro Desafio is a CD / DVD by the instrumental rock band Tristeza .
Black Utopia is the third solo album by keyboard player Derek Sherinian .
Winter Women and Holy Ghost Language School are two albums by Matthew Friedberger of The Fiery Furnaces recorded , unlike The Fiery Furnaces records , without his sister Eleanor Friedberger .
`` Where to Now St. Peter ? '' is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin .
`` The Otherside '' is the first single from Breaks Co - Op 's second album , The Sound Inside , released in 2005 .
Double Bummer is a double - LP by Bongwater which was released in 1988 .
Coconut Hotel is an album by American experimental rock band Red Krayola that recorded in 1967 and was intended to be the band 's second album after the release of The Parable of Arable Land , but was rejected by International Artists and shelved indefinitely .
Swaddling Songs is the only studio album released by Irish progressive folk band Mellow Candle .
`` Ma révolution '' is the name of a 2004 song , the fifth single released by the French singer Jenifer Bartoli , and the first one from her second studio album Le Passage , on which it features as first track .
Yuri wa Aoku Saite ( 百合は蒼く咲いて ) is the fourth maxi single by Japanese band Alice Nine .
Zero Tolerance for Silence is a controversial 1994 album by American jazz guitarist Pat Metheny .
Arcadia Son is the second album from Steven Wilson 's side project , Incredible Expanding Mindfuck .
`` Evil on Your Mind '' is the name of a popular Country music song , originally made famous by Grand Ole Opry star Jan Howard in 1966 .
`` Is It 'Cos I 'm Cool ? '' is a single released in 2004 , by Mousse T. , from his second album , All Nite Madness .
`` Somewhere Inside '' first appeared in Tiësto 's In Search of Sunrise 6 :
`` Real Life Fantasy '' , abbreviated occasionally as `` R.L.F. '' , is the first official single from Ja Rule 's seventh studio album , Pain Is Love 2 .
`` Ding Dong , Ding Dong '' is a song by English musician George Harrison , written as a New Year 's Eve singalong and released in December 1974 on his album Dark Horse .
Acoustic Visions is the sixth solo album by electric guitar player David T. Chastain .
UAIOE is industrial rock group KMFDM 's fourth album .
In Pieces is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Garth Brooks .
`` Get the Funk Out '' is the second single from Extreme 's second studio album Pornograffitti .
Flex - Able Leftovers was a limited edition 10 `` vinyl EP by American composer and guitarist , Steve Vai .
Amarte Bien is a studio album released by Venezuelan singer - songwriter Carlos Baute .
Two Against Nature is the eighth album by Steely Dan , released in 2000 .
Osee Yee is a studio album by Ghanaian Afro - pop band Osibisa released in 2009 by Golden Stool Records --
Steal Another Day is an album released in 2003 by country music artist Steve Wariner and his first studio album for SelecTone Records .
`` A Line in the Dirt '' is a 2010 single by Eels from the album End Times .
We Rebuilt This City was the sixth and final album by Canadian punk rock band Closet Monster , released in 2004 .
Planet of da Apes was the second and final album by Da Lench Mob .
Five Songs and a Cover ( A.K.A. 4 Stars ) is an EP released by the Foo Fighters in 2005 .
Kooper Session is the second - in - line of the Super Session albums featuring singer - songwriter Al Kooper .
`` There 's the Girl '' is a song recorded by the American rock band , Heart .
`` Taxloss '' ( sometimes stylised as `` Taxlo$$ '' ) is a song by the English alternative rock band Mansun .
Sunrise Over Sea is the third studio album by Australian band , the John Butler Trio .
Remember , I Love You ( Chinese : 記得我愛你 ; pinyin : Jì Dé Wǒ Ài Nǐ ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Vic Chou 's , of boy band F4 , second Mandarin studio album .
`` Show Your Hand '' is a song by Welsh rock band Super Furry Animals and was the first single from their 2007 album , Hey Venus!.
`` Is This Christmas ? '' is a single by English indie pop band The Wombats .
Silent Alarm is the debut studio album by British indie rock band Bloc Party .
The Spiritual is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in 1969 for the Freedom label as the same sesioons that produced Tutankhamun .
`` Kjører på '' is a 2012 single by Norwegian band Madcon featuring Swedish rapper and reggae artist Timbuktu .
Livin ' in the Scope is the second album by the rap group , Snypaz , released on May 22 , 2001 , for Rap - A - Lot Records and produced by The Legendary Traxster , Hurt - M - Badd and Mike Dean .
A Jazz Message is a jazz album recorded by Art Blakey 's Quartet in 1964 .
Off the Charts is the second full album by The Briefs , released in both the US and the UK in 2003 on CD , and gatefold and white vinyl .
In an Outrage is the eight studio album by the American heavy metal band Chastain , released in 2004 through Leviathan Records .
`` Aimer jusqu'à l'impossible '' ( 2005 ) is the first single released off Australian singer Tina Arena 's fifth studio album and its title roughly translates as `` Love till the impossible '' in English .
`` Addicted to a Dollar '' is a song co - written and recorded by American country music singer Doug Stone , who wrote it along with Ray Hood , Kim Tribble and Ray Maddox .
One Step More and You Die is an album by Mono , released in 2002 on the Arena Rock Recording Co. label .
`` Cántale a tu Bebé '' is the name given to the second studio album by the Puerto Rican singer , songwriter and actress , Mary Ann Acevedo who performs with her husband , producer Guillermo Torres and features songs by the happy couple .
Itai Tachiichi ( 痛い立ち位置 ) ( English : Painful standing position ) is the twenty - fourth single by the Japanese Pop - rock band Porno Graffitti .
Sure Love is the title of the second studio album released by American country music artist Hal Ketchum .
The Wall is the eleventh studio album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd .
Kallista on ja halvalla menee is a 1988 studio album by Eero Koivistoinen .
Historic Dead is a live album by the rock group the Grateful Dead .
Between the Earth & Sky is a follow - up release to the breakout album Secrets And Sins by Canadian singer , Luba and her band .
Jonathan and Darlene Edwards in Paris is a 1960 comedy album recorded by American singer Jo Stafford and her husband , pianist and bandleader Paul Weston .
PunkFunkRootsRock is the second album by the band Man Raze .
`` Deixo '' ( Let You Go ) is a song performed by the Brazilian singer Ivete Sangalo .
Loose Blues is an album by jazz pianist Bill Evans released on the Milestone label featuring performances by Evans with Zoot Sims , Jim Hall , Ron Carter , and Philly Joe Jones recorded in 1962 .
Parisian Sketches is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in Paris in 1960 and released on the Mercury label .
Hebron Gate is the third release by American reggae band Groundation .
`` I Want You to Stay '' was the fifth single released from Maxïmo Park , taken from their debut album A Certain Trigger .
Michi Madness ( stylized as MiChi MadNesS ) is the first album released by British - Japanese musician MiChi , released on 27 June 2008 .
`` Respect Yourself '' is the name of a classic soul song by American R&B / gospel group The Staple Singers .
Pablo Honey is the debut studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead , released in February 1993 .
Coincidence vs Fate is the fourth album released by Edinburgh musician Paul Haig .
`` Do That to Me One More Time '' is a song performed by American pop duo Captain & Tennille .
Ming 's Samba is an album by David Murray released on the Portrait label .
Quiet Music 2 ( 1986 ) is a cassette album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach .
`` Never Be a Right Time '' is a song by British rapper Professor Green which features vocal from British singer / songwriter Ed Drewett .
High Blues Pressure is the thirteenth album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard recorded in 1967 in music and released in 1968 in music .
Paris s'eveille - suivi d'autres compositions is a soundtrack album by Welsh multi - instrumentalist and composer John Cale .
`` Rain Song '' is a song by Taiji , released on December 14 , 2000 .
Walk That Walk , Talk That Talk is a 1991 studio album by Texas based blues rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds and the first without guitarist Jimmie Vaughan .
In the City of Angels is the fifth solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson , released in 1988 .
`` Your Betrayal '' is a song by Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine and was released as the first and lead US single from their third album , Fever .
`` Geek in the Pink '' is a 2006 single by Jason Mraz from his album Mr. A--
`` Ma petite chatte '' ( My little sweetie ) was the Belgian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1958 , performed in French by Fud Leclerc .
Alive 1997 is a live album by Daft Punk released in 2001 .
The One Voted Most Likely to Succeed is the fifth studio album by Canadian punk rock band SNFU .
`` What You Get Is What You See '' is a song by recording artist Tina Turner from her album Break Every Rule ( 1986 ) .
A Pagan Place was an album released in June 1984 by The Waterboys .
`` Giving You the Best That I Got '' is a 1988 song by American R&B recording artist Anita Baker .
Campari Soda is a song of the Swiss band Taxi released in 1977 .
`` Staring to the Sun '' is the band Scarling .
8 Soothing Songs for Rut is the second studio album by the Norwegian rock band Motorpsycho , then still tinged in hard rock and grunge metal .
`` Dagenham Dave '' is a song by Morrissey , released as a single in August 1995 , a week prior to the release of Southpaw Grammar .
En El Idioma del Amor ( Eng . : In the Language of Love ' ) is the title of a studio album released by romantic music ensemble Grupo Bryndis .
`` Hurting Each Other '' is a song popularized by The Carpenters in 1972 .
Death Acoustic is a solo acoustic record by American musician Nick Oliveri .
Get to the Feeling is the fourth album by Portland , Oregon - based R&B group Pleasure , released in 1978 .
Hate Lives in a Small Town is the seventh studio album by Cuban American dark cabaret singer Voltaire , released on September 3 , 2010 .
Você não Perde por Esperar is an EP by Brazilian recording artist Wanessa .
`` Let 's Dance to Joy Division '' is a song by The Wombats and the second single taken from their album A Guide to Love , Loss & Desperation .
Safeways Here We Come is an EP by Canadian punk rock band Chixdiggit!.
Become the Media is the sixth spoken word album by Jello Biafra .
Nie zapomnisz nigdy ( Polish You 'll never forget ) is 5th album of punk rock band Big Cyc , released on 1994 .
`` Rather Die Young '' was written and produced by Beyoncé Beyoncé , Jeff Bhasker , Luke Steele at Enormous Studios , in Los Angeles , in 2011 .
Impressions of New York is an album by German jazz clarinetist Rolf Kühn and his brother , pianist Joachim Kühn , featuring performances recorded in 1967 for the Impulse ! label .
`` Love ( Winter Song ) '' is the fourth major - label physical single by Japanese soul singer Miho Fukuhara , and was released on December 10 , 2008 .
Message to God is a single released to promote the Paradox album by the Danish progressive metal band Royal Hunt .
Psyence is the second album by Japanese musician hide , released on September 2 , 1996 .
Mas Canciones ( correct form : Más canciones ; Spanish for `` more songs '' ) is an album by American singer / songwriter / producer Linda Ronstadt , released in late 1991 .
`` Everything a Man Could Ever Need '' is a song written by Mac Davis and recorded by American country music artist Glen Campbell .
`` Stop the Rock '' was a 1999 single by the British group Apollo 440 .
Switched - On Bach II is a musical album by Wendy Carlos , produced by Carlos and Rachel Elkind and released in 1973 .
Bitter Beauty is a 2001 album released by Canadian singer / songwriter Jason Collett .
`` One Better Day '' is a song by British band Madness from their 1984 album Keep Moving .
Three Letters to the Moon is a studio album by Fabius Constable & Celtic Harp Orchestra , released by Ethnoworld in 2010 .
It Takes People Like You to Make People Like Me ( or simply It Takes People Like You ) is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos , released in 1968 .
Chainsaw Dismemberment is the second full - length studio album by death metal band Mortician .
`` Do n't Want to Forgive Me Now '' is a song by Wet Wet Wet , released as the third single from their sixth studio album , Picture This .
Jazz på svenska ( `` Jazz in Swedish '' ) is an album by the Swedish jazz pianist Jan Johansson .
Choice for a Lost Generation ? ! is the second studio album by the Dutch band the Heideroosjes .
`` I Can See Clearly '' is a 1993 song by the American singer Debbie Harry , released as the first single from her fourth solo album Debravation .
Communication ! ! ! is the second studio album by American - born Japanese pop singer Leah Dizon .
Hellbent on Compromise is an album by a Scottish musician Edwyn Collins .
`` Sometimes Love Just Ai n't Enough '' is the title of a 1992 soft rock ballad performed as a duet by the American singers Patty Smyth and Don Henley .
`` I Like Girls That Drink Beer '' is a song recorded by American country music singer Toby Keith and co - written with Bobby Pinson .
`` Honaloochie Boogie '' is a single released by Mott the Hoople .
`` The End Is the Beginning Is the End '' is a Grammy Award - winning song by American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins .
Hello Afrika ( The Album ) is a 1990 album from Swedish - based Nigerian artist Dr. Alban .
Poly Sci is the debut album by rapper John Forté , released in June 23 , 1998 by Ruffhouse .
Country Airs is a piano album written by Rick Wakeman and released in 1986 .
Earth Jones is a jazz album by drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1982 and released on the Palo Alto label .
Some Order , Long Understood is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz recorded in 1982 and released on the Italian Black Saint label .
Fall Back Open is the second album by Athens - based indie rock band , Now It 's Overhead .
Bird of Ill Omen 's first release , Self , Dare You Still Breathe ? was recorded in 1997 .
Sesame Disco is an album made by the cast of Sesame Street in 1979 .
Delivering the Black is the tenth studio album from German heavy metal band Primal Fear , which was released on 24 January 2014 via Frontiers Records .
¿ Cómo Te Llama ? is the title of the second album of Albert Hammond , Jr. The album has 13 tracks and was released on July 7 , 2008 in the UK and on July 8 , 2008 in the US .
My Jun , My Style is the first single album by Lee Joon - gi .
`` I 'm Deranged '' is a song written by David Bowie and Brian Eno in 1995 for the album Outside .
Below Radar is an EP released independently by Helen Stellar in 2003 .
`` FF / VinterNoll2 '' is a single CD by the Swedish band Kent released in 2002 .
`` Paranoimia '' is a song by English synthpop group Art of Noise released in 1986 , from their album In Visible Silence .
`` Llorando se fue '' ( English : Crying he / she went away ) is a Bolivian folk song recorded by Los Kjarkas in 1981 on the album Canto a la mujer de mi pueblo and released as a B - side of the `` Wa ya yay '' single in 1982 .
`` For Your Precious Love '' is a song written by Arthur Brooks , Richard Brooks and Jerry Butler , and performed by Jerry Butler and The Impressions in 1958 .
`` Keep Your Heart Broken '' is a song by the Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus , and the ninth track of their 2005 album Hide from the Sun . It was written by lead - singer Lauri Ylönen .
Bondage Goat Zombie is the seventh studio album by the Austrian blackened death metal band Belphegor .
Love Is the Thing is a 1957 album released by American jazz vocalist Nat King Cole .
`` Qui peut vivre sans amour ? '' ( meaning `` Who Can Live Without Love ? '' ) is a song recorded by Canadian singer Celine Dion , released as the third single from her French - language album Sans attendre ( 2012 ) .
Melting in the Dark is an album by Steve Wynn recorded with a backing band consisting of all the members of Come .
`` Loving You 's a Dirty Job but Somebody 's Got ta Do It '' is a pop song written and composed by Jim Steinman and has been released in 1986 by Bonnie Tyler in duet with Todd Rundgren .
Coma Rage is the fourth album by Brazilian heavy metal band Viper , release in 1995 .
Summer Surf is the fifth studio album of surf music by Dick Dale and His Del - Tones .
`` Japanese Hospitality '' is the title of the fourth album from Children of Bodom keyboardist Janne Wirman 's Warmen project .
Rod Boleche Hobe ( Bengali : রোদ বলেছে হবে ) is a solo album released by Shayan Chowdhury Arnob in 2010 .
`` High Water ( For Charley Patton ) '' is a song by Bob Dylan , released on his 31st studio album `` Love and Theft '' in 2001 .
C'mon Miracle is Mirah 's third full - length solo album .
The Swimming Hour is Andrew Bird 's third album with Andrew Bird 's Bowl of Fire .
The Triumphs and Travails of Orphan Mae is the second studio album by Laura Veirs , originally self - released in 2001 .
Yama Buddha was born in Leguwa , Dhankuta , the son of a Nepalese politician Ambika Prasad Adhikari .
Anne Ewing was born Ann Drayton Heuser on November 19 , 1930 in the upstairs bedroom of her family 's home located in Wytheville , Virginia .
William Francis Barry was born in London , England , to Irish Catholic parents ( from Liscarroll , Co. Cork ) on 21 April 1849 .
Juan Vargas was born on an egg ranch in National City , California , where he grew up very poor .
Blanche Whiffen , better known as Mrs. Thomas Whiffen , ( 1845 - -1936 ) was an American actress born in London .
Dietmar Feichtinger ( born 18 November 1961 in Bruck an der Mur ) is an Austrian architect established since 1989 in Paris .
Lisa Nankivil ( born 1958 , Minneapolis , Minn. ) is a contemporary American painter and printmaker .
Edward Leigh Chase was born in Elkhart Lake , Sheboygan County , Wisconsin , the third child of Grace ( née Metcalfe ) and chemist Charles Denison Chase .
Gian - Franco Kasper ( born 24 January 1944 in St. Moritz ) is a Swiss ski official who has been president of the International Ski Federation ( FIS ) since 1998 .
Nevio Pizzolitto ( born August 26 , 1976 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian soccer player who most recently played for Montreal Impact in the North American Soccer League .
Patrick Tolhoek ( born Yerseke , 26 June 1965 ) is a retired Dutch professional cyclist .
Zeynab Jalalian ( Zeynep Celaliyan , Persian : زينب جلاليان‎‎ ; born 1982 in Maku ) , is a Kurdish Iranian , often wrongly described as a political activist .
Oscar Cullmann ( 25 February 1902 , Strasbourg -- 16 January 1999 , Chamonix ) was a Christian theologian in the Lutheran tradition .
Riva Lehrer ( born in 1958 in Cincinnati , Ohio ) is an American painter , writer , teacher , and speaker .
Urs Noel Glutz von Blotzheim ( born December 18 , 1932 , in Solothurn ) is a Swiss zoologist , who is primarily known for his ornithological work .
Jenny Fulle ( born in San Francisco , California ) is an American woman who , at the age of eleven , became the first girl to play Little League baseball legally in the United States .
Laurie Simmons was born in 1949 on Long Island , New York , the daughter of Dorothy `` Dottie '' , a housewife , and Samuel Ira `` Sam '' Simmons , a dentist .
Harry Benjamin Inigo Triggs was born in Chiswick , London , on 28 February 1876 , to parents James Triggs , carpet agent , and his wife Celia Anne , née Bryant .
Cary Lawrence is a Canadian actress born May 28 , 1964 in Montreal and is best known for her role as Davenport on Nickelodeon 's hit show Space Cases .
José Ramón Carabante ( born 1952 in Málaga ) is a Spanish businessman , who owned the Hispania Racing Formula One team .
Tashu Kaushik was born in Kanpur , Uttar Pradesh , to Rakesh Goud , a businessman .
Dagmar Bláhová ( born 8 March 1949 ) , Liberec , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech - born Australian television actress notable for her appearance as original character Maria Ramsay in the popular Australian television soap opera , Neighbours .
Ali Merdan ( 1904 - -1981 ) ( Kurdish : عه‌لی مه‌ردان‎ ) is a Kurdish musician who was born in Kirkuk , widely regarded as the man who revolutionized the maqam .
Lucy Clarkson ( born 6 July 1982 , Rotherham , South Yorkshire ) is an English model .
Linda Nagata ( born November 7 , 1960 in San Diego , California ) is a Hawaii - based American author of speculative fiction , science fiction , and fantasy novels , novellas , and short stories .
Noora Laukkanen ( born February 3 , 1993 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish swimmer who competes in the Women 's 400 m Individual Medley .
Roger Greenwald was born in New Jersey , where his father , a physicist , worked at the Fort Monmouth Signal Labs .
Dhalia was born in Medan , northern Sumatra , on 10 February 1925 , to Tengku Katam .
Candan Erçetin , ( born 10 February 1963 , Kırklareli ) is a Turkish singer , songwriter and Vice - President of Galatasaray .
Saeid Alihosseini ( Persian : سعيد علی حسينی‎‎ , born 2 February 1988 in Ardabil ) is an Iranian weightlifter .
Born in Lexington , Kentucky on October 11 , 1879 , to Dr. W. O. Sweeney and Margaret Prewitt Sweeney , Mary E. Sweeney attended Transylvania University where she received her bachelor 's degree in 1899 .
Ronn Owens ( born Ronald Lowenstein on October 17 , 1945 , in New York City ) , is an American talk radio host .
Chase was born in Somersworth , New Hampshire , on March 8 , 1888 , to public accountant Harvey Stuart Chase and Aaronette Rowe .
Mino da Fiesole ( c. 1429 -- July 11 , 1484 ) , also known as Mino di Giovanni , was an Italian sculptor from Poppi , Tuscany .
Grayston Burgess ( Cheriton , Kent 7 April 1932 ) is an English countertenor and conductor .
Sebald de Weert was born in Antwerp , the sixth of 17 children of Johannes ( Jan or Hans ) Sweerts de Weert ( b. 1538 ) and Clara ( Claartje ) Wonderer ( 1541 - -1595 ) .
Giuseppe Liberto ( Chiusa Sclafani , 21 August 1943 ) is an Italian priest , choral director and composer .
Tony Almeida was born in Chicago , Illinois , in 1973 to an Italian mother and a Portuguese father .
Adriaen Maertensz Block ( c.1582 , Gouda - 7 March 1661 , Lisse ) was successively captain , commander , and governor of Ambon between 1614 - 1617 , administrator of the Raad van Indië for the Kamer of the Dutch East India Company in Amsterdam ( VOC ) in Batavia .
Alex Belli ( born 22 December 1982 in Parma ) is an Italian model , media personality and actor , best known for his role ( Jacopo Castelli , 2010 - 2015 ) on daytime soap opera CentoVetrine .
Phil Chard ( born 16 October 1960 in Corby ) is an English former footballer who is a former manager of Northampton Town .
Rene Maurin ( born 1971 , in Maribor , Slovenia ) is a Slovene theatre director , film director and screenwriter .
Roberto Chiappa ( born 11 September 1973 ) is an Italian track cyclist born in Terni .
Nicolas Gisin ( born 1952 ) is a Swiss physicist and professor at the University of Geneva working on quantum information and communication , .
Ishi ( c. 1861 -- March 25 , 1916 ) was the last member of the Yahi , a group of the Yana of the U.S. state of California .
Laurence Peter Rowley , better known as Laurie Rowley ( 30 July 1941 -- 16 August 2009 ) was an English comedy writer from Leeds , West Riding of Yorkshire .
Michel Benita ( born 1954 in Algiers , Algeria ) is a double bass player , prominent in jazz music since 1980 's .
Leach was born in Sidmouth , Devon , the youngest of three children and the son of William Edmund Leach and Mildred Brierley .
Michelle Malkin was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to Philippine citizens Rafaela ( née Perez ) -- a homemaker and teacher -- and Apolo DeCastro Maglalang , who was then a physician - in - training .
Jennifer Todd ( born October 3 , 1969 in Los Angeles ) is an American film producer .
Ann Baker ( born 1931 , Sedalia , Missouri ) is a former American television and film character actor .
Wilhelm Engerth was born on 26 May 1814 at Pleß in Prussian Silesia ( present - day Pszczyna , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland ) .
Najeh Braham ( born 20 May 1977 in Bembla ) is a Tunisian retired footballer and current manager .
Chaïm Nissim ( born in 1949 in Jerusalem , Israel ) is a Swiss former activist , perpetrator of the rocket attack of 18 January 1982 on the Superphénix nuclear plant , and Green politician .
Harald Quandt was born in Charlottenburg , the son of industrialist Günther Quandt and Magda Behrend Rietschel who had married in 1921 .
Fathima Beevi was born on 30 April 1927 at Pathanamthitta , Travancore ( now Kerala , India ) as the daughter of Meer Sahib and Khadeeja Bibi .
Lajos Dudas ( Hungarian : ( ˈlɒjoʃ ˈdudɒʃ ) ; born February 18 , 1941 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a German - Hungarian jazz clarinetist and composer .
The son of John Jowett of Newington , Surrey , William Jowett was also a nephew of the jurist Joseph Jowett .
Jan Frode Nornes ( born 8 January 1973 in Tønsberg ) is a retired Norwegian footballer , now working as an assistant manager for Odd Grenland in the Norwegian Premier League .
Maha Jabeen Mohammed , better known as Mahe Jabeen was born in 1961 in Nellore in a Muslim family .
Florida Ruffin Ridley ( 1861 -- 1943 ) was an African - American civil rights activist , teacher , writer , and editor from Boston , Massachusetts .
Thomas Klauser ( born 9 June 1964 in Reit i m Winkl ) was a West German - German ski jumper who competed from 1979 to 1991 .
Marzio Bruseghin ( born 15 June 1974 in Conegliano , Treviso ) is an Italian retired professional road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 1997 and 2012 .
Tarita Virtue was born in Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago on February 16 , 1970 , to a racially and ethnically mixed Trinidadian mother and Jamaican father , but was raised in Boca Raton , Florida .
Jacopo Borbone ( Novellara , active early 17th century ) was an Italian painter of the Mannerist period .
Stefan Michnik - born 28 September 1929 in Drohobycz ( Second Polish Republic , now Drohobych , Ukraine ) , captain Polish People 's Army , is a former Stalinist judge operating in postwar Poland ; implicated in the arrest , internment and staged execution of a number of Polish resistance fighters .
Alfréd Meissner was born in Mladá Boleslav , a city about 50 kilometres ( 31 miles ) northeast of Prag , on April 10 , 1871 , in what was then the Kingdom of Bohemia , a crown - land of the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Schuyler Colfax was born on March 23 , 1823 in New York City to Schuyler Colfax Sr . ( born August 3 , 1792 ) , a bank teller , and Hannah Delameter Stryker , who had married on April 25 , 1820 .
Nicander of Colophon ( Greek : Νίκανδρος ὁ Κολοφώνιος Níkandros ho Kolophṓnios ; fl . 2nd century BC ) , Greek poet , physician and grammarian , was born at Claros ( Ahmetbeyli in modern Turkey ) , near Colophon , where his family held the hereditary priesthood of Apollo .
Valerie Davey ( born Valerie Corbett 16 April 1940 , Sutton , Surrey ) is a former Labour Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Bristol West in England .
Carl Donald Boström ( born 30 May 1954 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish journalist , photographer and writer .
Kâzım Orbay was born in Smyrna ( present day : İzmir ) , Ottoman Empire in 1887 .
Douglas Blackburn ( 6 August 1857 , Southwark -- 28 March 1929 , Tonbridge ) was an English journalist and novelist , who worked in the Transvaal and Natal between 1892 and 1908 .
Nguyễn Huy Hoàng ( born on 1 January 1981 ) is a Vietnamese football player , playing for Sông Lam Nghệ An ever since he started his professional career .
Bali Rai was born in Leicester in 1971 and grew up in a multicultural , multi - racial community close to the city centre .
Felix Hanemann ( born May 1 , 1953 in New Orleans , Louisiana ) is an American singer and musician .
Dr. Ludwig Landmann ( May 18 , 1868 in Mannheim -- March 5 , 1945 in Voorburg , Netherlands ) was a liberal German politician of the Weimar Republic .
Benjamin Ruggles Woodbridge ( March 5 , 1739 -- March 8 , 1819 ) of South Hadley , Massachusetts , practiced medicine and law , was a colonel in the Massachusetts militia during the American Revolutionary War , and was a commander at the Battle of Bunker Hill .
Zlatko Nastevski ( Macedonian : Златкo Hacтeвcки ; born 4 August 1957 in Skopje ) is a Macedonia retired football ( soccer ) player .
Rafael Vágner Dias Silva or simply Vágner Silva ( born June 9 , 1983 in Betim ) , is a Brazilian footballer .
William Henry , Prince of Nassau - Saarbrücken ( 6 March 1718 in Usingen -- 24 July 1768 in Saarbrücken ) , was Prince of Nassau - Saarbrücken from 1741 until his death .
Cai Shun ( Chinese : 蔡顺 ; born 1 February 1991 in Wuhan , Hubei ) is a Chinese football player .
Chandra Davis ( born January 2 , 1978 in Detroit , Michigan ) , aka London Charles and Deelishis , is an American model , and was a reality show contestant .
Yiğit Bulut ( born 1 January 1972 , Keşan , Edirne Province ) is a Turkish journalist and ( since July 2013 ) a senior advisor to Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan .
Gail Vaz - Oxlade ( born June 18 , 1959 in Jamaica ) is a Jamaican - Canadian financial writer and television personality who lives in Brighton , Ontario , Canada .
Ulick Lupede ( born 1 June 1984 in Pointe - à - Pitre ) is a French footballer currently under amator contract for French side C.O. Saint - Saturnin Arche .
Nay Toe was born as Nay Lin Tun on 9 September 1981 to ethnic Rakhine parents , Than Myaing and her husband Aung Than in Manaung , Rakhine State .
Andrea Jutson is a writer who was born and raised in Auckland , New Zealand .
Alexandra Razarenova ( or Razaryonova , Russian : Александра Германовна Разарёнова , born 17 July 1990 in Saint Petersburg ) is a Russian professional triathlete , member of the Russian National Elite Team , Russian Elite Champion of the year 2011 , and European U23 Champion of the year 2011 .
Frank Airey ( born 1887 ) was a footballer who played in The Football League for Gainsborough Trinity .
When Guo Wei was born in 904 in Yaoshan ( 堯山 ; in modern Longyao County , Hebei ) , the Tang Dynasty had disintegrated into regions controlled by warlords fighting amongst one other .
Suzanne Grossmann ( December 21 , 1937 -- August 19 , 2010 ) was a Swiss - American actress , playwright and television writer , born in Basel , Switzerland .
Sarkis Torossian was born in the Armenian populated village of Everek ( present - day : Develi ) near Kayseri in 1893 .
Born in Farmersville , Texas , Loren Murchison was an AAU Champion in 100 yd ( 91 m ) in 1920 and 1923 and in 220 yd ( 200 m ) in 1918 and 1923 .
Frank Heemskerk ( born July 26 , 1969 in Haarlem ) is a former Dutch politician .
Roger De Coster ( born 28 August 1944 in Uccle ) is a Belgian former world champion motocross racer and current motocross team manager .
Philippe d'Encausse ( born 24 March 1967 in Clermont - Ferrand ) is a retired French pole vaulter , whose father , Hervé d'Encausse , was a European record holder and 1968 Olympic finalist in pole vault .
Fabrício dos Santos Silva or simply Fabrício ( born January 11 , 1987 in São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Cruzeiro , on loan from Internacional as left back .
Teymour Ghiasi ( Persian : تیمور غیاثی ‎ , born 12 April 1946 in Dargaz ) is an Iranian retired high jumper .
Sun Shilin ( Chinese : 孙世林 ; born 24 October 1988 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin .
Leon Stein ( September 18 , 1910 in Chicago -- May 9 , 2002 in Laguna Hills , California ) was an American composer and music analyst .
Seana Kofoed is an American television and stage actress , born on August 13 , 1970 in Wilmette , Illinois .
Joey Gibson ( born August 11 , 1945 in Santa Monica , California ) is an American model who was Playboy magazine 's Playmate of the Month for its June 1967 issue .
Rob Vincent ( born 26 October 1990 in Liverpool , England ) is an English footballer currently playing for Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL .
Johannes Nicolaus Brønsted ( Danish pronunciation : ( joˈhanˀəs ˈneɡ̊olɑʊ̯ˀs ˈb̥ʁɶnsd̥ɛð ) February 22 , 1879 -- December 17 , 1947 ) born in Varde , was a Danish physical chemist .
John Cassell was born on 23 January 1817 in Manchester , then in Lancashire ; the son of Mark Cassell , landlord of a public house called `` The Ring O ' Bells '' at 8 The Old Churchyard , Hunt 's Bank , Manchester .
Pier Francesco Guala ( 15 September 1698 -- 27 February 1757 ) , also known as Pierfrancesco and Pietro Francesco , was an eighteenth - century Italian painter active for the most part in the region of his place of birth , Casale Monferrato .
Martha Somerman was born on 13 March 1947 in Brooklyn , NY , U.S.A. She was appointed the Director of the National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research ( NIDCR ) in 2011 .
Yohann Capolungo ( born May 13 , 1988 in Auxerre ) is a French footballer , who currently plays for McGill Redmen Soccer in Montreal , Quebec .
Teddy Thompson was born in 1976 in a London Sufi commune to folk - rock musicians Richard and Linda Thompson , both major musical figures in the English folk rock scene from the 1960s on .
Greg Dalby ( born November 3 , 1985 in Newport Beach , California ) is a former American soccer player who is now an assistant coach at Davidson College .
Chersiphron ( /ˈkɜrsɨfrɒn/ ; Greek : Χερσίφρων ; fl . 6th century BC ) , an architect of Knossos in ancient Crete , was the builder of the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus , on the Ionian coast .
Pippa Guard ( born Philippa Ann Guard , on 13 October 1952 , in Edinburgh , Scotland ) is a British actress .
Johann Lucas Boër ( 20 April 1751 , Uffenheim , Grafschaft Ansbach -- 19 January 1835 , Alsergrund ) , originally Johann Lucas Boogers ( sometimes spelled Rogers Lucas Johann Boër ) was a German medical doctor and obstetrician .
Johann Baptist von Keller ( May 16 , 1774 -- October 17 , 1845 ) was a German Catholic priest from Salem .
David Dwight Baldwin ( 26 November 1831 , Honolulu -- 16 June 1912 , Honolulu ) was a businessman , educator , and biologist on Maui in the Hawaiian islands .
Johann Reuchlin was born at Pforzheim in the Black Forest in 1455 , where his father was an official of the Dominican monastery .
Dore Hoyer was born in Dresden to a working - class family on 12 December 1911 .
Stanisław Sojka ( born April 26 , 1959 in Żory , Upper Silesia ) , also known as Stanisław Soyka , is a Polish jazz and pop singer , pianist and composer .
George Benedict Sloane ( 1898 - -1958 ) , of New York City , was a noted philatelic dealer and auctioneer .
A large number of his works are on display in the Rudolph Tegner Museum north of Copenhagen .
Enrico Degano ( born 11 March 1976 in Gorizia ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who rode for UCI Professional Continental team Barloworld until the team 's demise .
James D'Agostino ( born 1975 ) , professionally known as DJ Green Lantern , is an American hip hop disc Jockey ( DJ ) and music producer from Rochester , New York .
Frank Springer was born in the Jamaica neighborhood of the New York City borough of Queens , and moved with his family to nearby Nassau County , Long Island when he was nearly 10 years old .
Hilarion was born in Thabatha , south of Gaza in Syria Palaestina of pagan parents .
Erwin Wagenhofer ( born 27 May 1961 in Amstetten ) is an Austrian author and film director .
Fernando Grostein Andrade , or Fernando Andrade ( born January 30 , 1981 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian filmmaker , director , producer , screenwriter and director of photography .
Baillie Scott was born at Beards Hill , St Peters near Ramsgate , Kent , the second of ten children .
Daniele Scarpa ( born January 3 , 1964 in Venice ) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to 1997 .
Born in Chicago , Illinois in 1924 , the daughter of Jack Eddington of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's office , Nora Eddington was nineteen when she met Errol Flynn in February 1943 -- at the time , she was working at the courthouse where Flynn 's notorious 1943 trial for statutory rape was taking place .
Early childhood details can be drawn from Annie Dillard 's autobiography , An American Childhood ( 1987 ) , about growing up in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Pittsburgh .
Don Edmunds ( September 23 , 1930 Santa Ana , California ) was an American racecar driver and car builder .
William Howard Stovall was born on his family 's cotton plantation in Stovall , Mississippi on 18 February 1895 .
Xia Kangnan ( Chinese : 夏康男 ; pinyin : Xià Kāngnán ; born 13 July 1988 in Zhejiang ) is a Chinese baseball pitcher for the Shanghai Eagles .
Firishta was born at Astrabad on the shores of the Caspian Sea to Gholam Ali Hindu Shah .
Born on August 9 , 1982 in Lexington , Kentucky , Tyson Gay is the only son of Daisy Gay and Greg Mitchell .
Harry Osterman is a Democratic member of the Chicago City Council , representing the 48th ward .
François Antoine Léon Fleury , a French landscape painter , was born in Paris in 1804 .
Jordan Charney ( born April 1 , 1937 , in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American character actor .
Soshana Afroyim was born in 1927 as Susanne Schüller in Vienna into a Jewish middle - class family .
Jocelyn Blanchard ( born 28 May 1972 in Béthune , Pas - de - Calais ) is a French footballer who is currently a free agent , having been released by Austria Kärnten , after the club went into liquidation in 2010 .
Conrad of Mure , also often referred to as Conrad of Muri ( c. 1210 -- March 30 , 1281 ) , was rector of the diocesan school attached to the Zurich Minster and author of a number of important treatises on rhetoric and poetry .
Virgil Munteanu ( born July 10 , 1988 in Drobeta - Turnu Severin ) is an amateur Romanian Greco - Roman wrestler , who played for the men 's featherweight category .
Christine Longford , Countess of Longford ( née Trew ; born in 1900 in Somerset , died 14 May 1980 , Dublin , Ireland ) was a playwright .
Meinhard von Pfaundler ( name sometimes given as Meinhard Pfaundler von Hadermur ) ; ( 7 June 1872 - 20 June 1947 ) was an Austrian pediatrician born in Innsbruck .
Hashim bey Vazirov was born and got the primary education in Shusha .
Bruce Rowland ( b. May 9 , 1942 in Melbourne ) is a well - known Australian composer .
Nancy Davidson grew up in Chicago and received a B.Ed .
Grzegorz Szamotulski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈɡʐɛɡɔʂ ʂamɔˈtulski ) ; born 13 May 1976 in Gdańsk ) is a Polish footballer .
Tom Robinson was born into a middle - class family in Cambridge on 1 June 1950 .
Anežka Drahotová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈanɛʃka ˈdraɦotovaː ) ; born 22 July 1995 , Rumburk ) is a Czech athletics competitor in racewalking , middle - distance running , and steeplechase , as well an international level cyclist .
Estelle Denis was born in Paris but spent her childhood in Le Coudray - Montceaux , a town in the department of Essonne .
Carlos das Neves ( born August 21 , 1968 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African former football player and coach who last managed Vasco da Gama .
Jan Everse ( born January 5 , 1954 in Rotterdam , Zuid - Holland ) is a Dutch football manager and former player who last managed Dutch Eredivisie side FC Dordrecht .
Georgie Dann ( born 14 January 1940 ) , is a French singer who studied for eight years at the Conservatoire de Paris and developed his artistic career in Spain starting in the 1970s , focusing on summer hits , in addition to getting his Master 's degree .
Andro Franca ( born 18 October 1987 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch football player who currently plays for amateur side Kozakken Boys .
Alan Mahood ( born 26 March 1973 in Kilwinning , Ayrshire ) is a former Scottish professional footballer who played for numerous clubs including :
Rickie Lee Jones was born the third of four children to Bettye and Richard Jones , on the north side of Chicago , Illinois on November 8 , 1954 .
Solon McDade ( born in Edmonton , Alberta , March 1974 ) is a Canadian musician and composer .
Johanna Schaller married Klier ( born 13 September 1952 in Artern , Thüringen ) is a retired hurdler and Olympic gold medallist .
Guilherme Só ( pronounced SAH ) ( born April 22 , 1986 in Porto Alegre ) is a Brazilian football player .
Mate Eterović ( born 13 July 1984 in Split ) is a Croatian footballer who plays for Slovenian PrvaLiga club Rudar Velenje .
Sarah Ann Glover ( 13 November 1785 -- 20 October 1867 ) was an English music educator who invented the Norwich sol - fa system .
Wolfgang Rausch ( born 30 April 1947 in Aachen ) is a retired German footballer who made a total of 257 appearances in the Bundesliga during his playing career .
John Berchmans was born 13 March 1599 , in the city of Diest situated in what is now the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Daniel Sinapius - Horčička was born on August 3 , 1640 in the village of Sučany , in the present day Martin District of the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia , though at the time the village was part of Upper Hungary in the Kingdom of Hungary .
Raina A. Mercedes Echerer ( born 16 May 1963 in Linz ) is an Austrian film and stage actress , host of TV and radio shows , and politician .
Wilhelm Heinrich Heintz ( 4 November 1817 -- 1 December 1880 ) was a German structural chemist from Berlin .
Johnny Beattie was born in Govan , Glasgow on 9 November 1926 into a working class family .
Iliaz Vrioni , was born in 1882 in Berat , in the Janina Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire and died in Paris in 1932 .
Marcelo Augusto Oliveira Chamusca commonly referred to as Marcelo Chamusca ( born 7 October 1966 in Salvador ) And brother of Péricles Chamusca , who also served as an assistant coach in the period 2004 to 2009 .
McNamara was born in Glasgow and is the son of Jackie McNamara , Sr . , a former professional footballer .
Maroua Chebbi ( born December 30 , 1986 at Tunis ) is a woman footballer who has to play a season with Quebec City Amiral SC .
Liberace ( known as `` Lee '' to his friends and `` Walter '' to family ) was born in West Allis , Wisconsin .
Yelena Zakharova was born in Moscow , they lived near the park Sokolniki .
Graham Masterton ( born 16 January 1946 in Edinburgh ) is a British horror author .
Harry Fragson ( 2 July 1869 -- 31 December 1913 ) , born Léon Philippe Pot , was a British music hall singer and comedian , born in Soho , London .
Matija Škarabot ( Slovene pronunciation : ( maˈtija ˈʃkarabɔt ) ; born 4 February 1988 in Nova Gorica ) is a Slovenian footballer who plays for Gorica in the Slovenian PrvaLiga .
Nicole D. Peeler ( born August 24 , 1978 in Aurora , Illinois ) is an American author who writes the Jane True --
Ondrej Lenárd ( 9 September 1942 , Krompachy , Slovakia ) is a Slovakian conductor .
Luciano Trani ( born 10 August 1966 in Melbourne , Victoria ) is an Australian former football ( soccer ) player currently employed as the senior assistant coach at A - League club Melbourne Heart .
Romero Rodrigues Filho ( São Paulo , October 1 , 1977 ) is a Brazilian businessman who studied Electric Engineering at the Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo .
Uwe Jahn ( born 29 September 1954 in Berlin ) is a German football coach .
Cindy Au Sin - yi ( born December 16 , 1979 ) is a Hong Kong TVB actress .
Yann - Ber Kalloc'h was born on the island of Groix as the son of a fisherman ( who died in October 1902 ) and his wife .
Andris Reiss ( Kuldīga , 10 March 1978 ) was a Latvian cyclist who had a brief professional career early in the 21st century .
Can Artam ( born June 30 , 1981 in Istanbul ) is a Turkish race car driver born into a car racing family .
Born in Haiyang , Shandong Province , Liu Wanchuan started training Baguazhang at age nine with his father Liu Qinglu , his uncle Liu Qingfu ( 1862 - 1952 ) , and Liu Qinfu 's son Liu Xuehai .
Carmine Biagio Gatti ( born February 10 , 1988 in Avellino ) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team V.F. Colligiana on loan from S.S.C. Napoli .
Ivan Tišov was born in the village of Viškovci near Đakovo .
Hong Ren , who is also known as Hongren , ( Chinese : 弘仁 ; 1610 - 1663 ) was an early Qing painter and a member of the Anhui ( or Xin'an ) school of painting .
Born in London in 1980 , Evie Wyld grew up on her grandparents ' sugar cane farm in New South Wales although she spent most of her adult life in Peckham .
Seth Trembly ( born March 21 , 1982 in Littleton , Colorado ) is an American soccer defensive midfielder who is currently a free agent .
Kristine Lunde - Borgersen ( born 30 March 1980 in Kristiansand ) is a retired Norwegian handballer who played for the Norwegian national team .
Bobby McDonald was a Scottish footballer who was born in Aberdeen who played in the left back position .
Bill Kelliher ( born March 23 , 1971 ) is a musician from Atlanta , Georgia , best known as rhythm guitarist of heavy metal band Mastodon .
Sammy Leung Chi Kin is a popular DJ / MC / actor in Hong Kong 's Commercial Radio .
Dr. Barham Salih was born in 1960 in the city of Sulaymaniyah in Iraqi Kurdistan .
Hussein Amotta ( Arabic : الحسين عموتة‎ ; also spelled Lhoussaine Ammouta -- born 24 October 1969 in Khemisset ) is a Moroccan former footballer and current coach , recently managed Al - Sadd in the Qatar Stars League .
Denis Lemieux is a Canadian politician , who was elected to represent the riding of Chicoutimi--
Tony Gilkyson ( born 1952 in Hollywood , California ) is a Los Angeles based musician .
Adrian Hasler got his Matura , the general qualification for university entrance , in 1984 at the Liechtenstein secondary school in Vaduz .
Herodas ( Greek : Ἡρώδας ) , or Herondas ( the name is spelt differently in the few places where he is mentioned ) , was a Greek poet and the author of short humorous dramatic scenes in verse , probably written in Alexandria during the 3rd century BCE .
Steve Ripley ( born Paul Steven Ripley , January 1 , 1950 , Boise , Idaho , United States ) is an American recording artist , record producer , songwriter , studio engineer , guitarist , and inventor .
Henry N. Cobb ( born April 8 , 1926 , in Boston , Massachusetts ) is an American architect and founding partner with I.M. Pei of Pei Cobb Freed & Partners , an international architectural firm based in New York City .
Bruno Mazza ( June 3 , 1924 in Crema -- July 25 , 2012 ) was an Italian professional football player .
Born in Helsinki to a wealthy family , Gunnar Höckert had only one great season , in 1936 .
Bryce Hudson ( March 29 , 1979 , Rabat , Morocco -- Present , Louisville , Kentucky ) is a Moroccan - American Neo - plasticist ( De Stijl ) painter .
Stefano La Rosa ( born September 28 , 1985 in Grosseto ) is an Italian long distance runner .
Xiong Fei originally played for the youth team of Wuhan Optics Valley F.C. and even graduated to their senior team at the beginning of the 2008 league season .
Born in São Paulo , São Paulo state , Fernanda Vasconcellos worked as a model starring in several TV commercials and as a dancer in SBT 's Domingo Legal show before becoming an actress .
Prof . Marwan Awartani was born in Anabta , Palestine on April 21 , 1949 .
Susan Beaumont was born in London and is the daughter of musical comedy actress Roma Beaumont and producer / impresario Alfred Black ( who was the son of the producer / impresario George Black ) .
José do Patrocínio was born in the city of Campos dos Goytacazes , to João Carlos Monteiro , a vicar and politician , and Justina do Espírito Santo , a young freed slave from Elmina , Ghana .
He was born in the town of Barnard , Vermont , on March 31 , 1804 , and was a son of Hathaway and Rachel Dean Richmond .
Rob Hubbard ( born 1955 in Kingston upon Hull , England ) is a British composer best known for his composition of computer game theme music , especially for microcomputers of the 1980s such as the Commodore 64 .
Arnold Dreyblatt ( b. New York City , 1953 ) is an American composer and visual artist .
Georgi Bachev ( Bulgarian : Георги Бачев ) ( born 18 April 1977 in Blagoevgrad ) is a Bulgarian former football player and currently manager .
Antonio Dal Monte ( Rome , October 31 , 1931 ) is an Italian doctor , former Scientific Director and Head of the Department of Physiology and Biomechanics Institute of Sports Science of the Italian National Olympic Committee ( C.O.N.I. ) .
Alfred Xuereb ( born 14 October 1958 in Victoria on the Maltese island of Gozo ) is an Honorary Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church , and first private secretary of Pope Francis .
Mary Batten ( 1937 , in Smithfield , Virginia , United States ) is an American writer of science books for children and adults .
Ndoda Russel Mthembu is a member of Ladysmith Black Mambazo , a South African choral group founded in 1960 - and still led - by close friend Joseph Shabalala .
Gong Qiuxia , also romanized as Kung Chiu - hsia , was born in 1916 under the name ( 龚莎莎 Gong Shasha and 龚秋香 Gong Qiuxiang ) in Chongming County , Jiangsu province ( now part of Shanghai ) , China .
Melissa Satta ( born February 7 , 1986 in Boston , Massachusetts , United States ) is an Italian television presenter and communications expert .
Mattias Klum ( born 10 February 1968 in Uppsala ) is a Swedish freelance photographer and film producer in natural history and cultural subjects .
Felix Galimir ( May 12 , 1910 , Vienna -- November 10 , 1999 , New York ) was an Austrian - born American - Jewish violinist and music teacher .
Sigitas Jakubauskas ( born 29 December 1958 in Kaunas ) is a retired Soviet and Lithuanian football player .
Joey Belladonna ( born Joseph Bellardini , October 13 , 1960 , Oswego , New York ) is an American thrash metal musician , best known as the vocalist for the thrash metal band Anthrax .
Serge Haroche was born in Casablanca , Morocco , to Albert Haroche ( 1920 - -1998 ) and Valentine Haroche , née Roubleva ( 1921 - -1998 ) a teacher who was born in Odessa to Jewish family that relocated to Paris in the early 1920s .
Son of a repressed and executed Soviet functionary , Vladimir Slepian was born in Prague and resided in Leningrad before moving to Moscow .
Sandra Rauch ( Berlin , 1967 ) is a German artist .
Sadie Plant ( born 1 January 1964 in Birmingham , England ) is a British philosopher , cultural theorist , and author .
Mike Hudema was born in Medicine Hat , Alberta in 1976 from Ukrainian and English origin parents and attended Crescent Heights High School .
Paul Dittel ( 14 January 1907 in Mittweida , Saxony -- 1976 ? ) was a German historian and Anglicist who was also an Obersturmbannführer in the Schutzstaffel ( SS ) .
Mary Sanders ( born 26 August 1985 in Toronto , Canada ) is an individual Rhythmic Gymnast .
Lian Heng was born on February 17 , 1878 in modern - day Tainan , Taiwan .
Pan Bouyoucas ( born 16 August 1946 in Lebanon ) is a Greek - Canadian author , playwright and translator .
Daniel Walker Howe ( born January 10 , 1937 in Ogden , Utah ) is an American historian , who specializes in the early national period of U.S. history , with a particular interest in its intellectual and religious dimensions .
Ladislaus von Rabcewicz ( * June 12 , 1893 , in St. Kunigund ( Slovene : Sveta Kungota ) , nearby Maribor ; † December 19 , 1975 ) was an Austrian engineer and university professor at the Vienna University of Technology .
Tsui Ping 's family originates from Jiangsu , China , but she was born in Harbin in 1938 , where the family resided while her father was on business .
Ching - Yun Hu ( Chinese : 胡瀞云 ) is a Taiwanese born classical pianist , winner of the 2008 Arthur Rubinstein International Piano Competition , Founder and Artistic Director Yun - Hsiang International Music Festival in Taipei and Winner of the 2012 Golden Melody Award for Best Classical Album .
Otelo Saraiva de Carvalho was born in Lourenço Marques , Portuguese Mozambique ( now Maputo , Mozambique ) , of Luso - Goan ( Portuguese India ) ancestry .
Salomon Garf ( 6 December 1879 , Amsterdam -- 27 August 1943 , Auschwitz ) was a Dutch painter and graphic artist ; known for his portraits and still lifes .
Billy Newton - Davis ( born April 26 , 1951 in Cleveland , Ohio , United States ) is a Canadian R&B , jazz and gospel singer - songwriter .
Harvey Walden IV ( born December 21 , 1966 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a former United States Marine drill instructor , author , actor and television host .
Lim Nee Soon ( Chinese : 林義順 ; pinyin : Lín Yìshùn ; born November 12 , 1879 - died March 20 , 1936 ) was a Singaporean merchant who promoted social and community matters , and was a respected community leader in Singapore .
José Horacio Chiorazzo ( born June 9 , 1976 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine striker .
Dyego Rocha Coelho or simply Coelho ( born 22 March 1983 in São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian right - back who currently plays for Atlético Sorocaba .
Born in Oakland , Mississippi , Dunbar Rowland was the youngest son of physician William Brewer Rowland and Mary Bryan Rowland .
Shaam was born on 4 April 1977 in Madurai , Tamil Nadu , into a Tamil - speaking family ; his father hails from Madurai , while his mother is from Tirupattur .
Scipione Rebiba was born in the village ( borgo , vico ) of San Marco d'Alunzio , in Sicily .
Oksana Shachko ( Ukrainian : Оксана Шачко ; born Khmelnytskyi 31 January 1987 ) is a Ukrainian artist and activist with FEMEN .
Ian Rubin ( born 17 April 1973 in Odessa , Ukraine ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1990s .
Dr. Theodorus van Kooten ( Leeuwarden , 22 October 1749 -- Bennebroek , 1 February 1813 ) was a Dutch poet , professor and politician .
Nick Nuyens ( born 5 May 1980 in Lier ) is a Belgian former professional road racing cyclist who last rode for UCI ProTeam Cannondale - Garmin .
Benoit Valentin ( born December 8 , 1992 in Écully ) is a French freestyle skier , specializing in halfpipe .
Born in Lista , Vest - Agder , Odd Starheim was the son of ship captain Kjetil Starheim and his wife Amalie , née Leonhardsen .
Simone Stella ( born 1981 in Florence ) is an Italian harpsichordist and organist .
Nic Nolan ( born 1 May 1958 in Chiswick , London , England ) is an Australian broadcast journalist and communications consultant .
Tom Denney ( born November 23 , 1982 ) is an American musician from Ocala , Florida .
Mike Ring ( born 13 February 1961 ) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Brighton & Hove Albion , Hill City , Bolton Wanderers and Aldershot .
Celso Murilo , born Celso Pereira Levenhagen ( 9 March 1940 , Baependi ) , is a Brazilian musician , composer and arranger .
Wang Guanyi would start his professional football career with third tier football club Tianjin Locomotive before being scouted by top tier side Shanghai Shenhua , who he eventually joined at the beginning of the 2010 league season with team mates Feng Renliang and Song Boxuan .
Warren Fales Draper was born in Cambridge , Massachusetts on August 9 , 1883 , the son of William Burgess Draper ( May 16 , 1852 -- March 11 , 1939 ) and Carrie Marie Drew ( October 3 , 1856 -- February 8 , 1924 ) .
Artem Milevskiy ( Ukrainian : Артем Володимирович Мілевський ; born 12 January 1985 in Minsk , Belarussian SSR ) is an Ukrainian footballer who plays as a striker for Romanian club Concordia Chiajna .
William Seward Burroughs I ( January 28 , 1855 -- September 15 , 1898 ) was an American inventor born in Rochester , New York .
Ben Judge ( born 18 September 1983 ) is a former Australian professional snooker player , from Perth .
Stephanie Chambers ( born 9 March 1971 ) is an English actress , born in Birmingham , Warwickshire .
Khaled Mattawa was born in Benghazi , the second largest city in Libya where he spent his childhood and early teens .
Maikon Fernando Souza Leite ( born 3 August 1988 in Mogi das Cruzes ) , known as Maikon Leite , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Al - Shaab , on loan from Palmeiras as a right winger or as a second striker .
Gilberto Carlos Nascimento , usually known as Betinho ( born June 14 , 1966 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian manager and former football player .
Eddie Steeples was born and raised in Spring , Texas , and was the oldest of eight children .
Clancy Sigal was born in Chicago , Illinois , where his father was a labor organizer .
Séverine Vandenhende ( born January 12 , 1974 in Dechy ) is a French judoka , world champion and olympic champion .
Allan Mukuka ( born 5 August 1987 in Zambia ) is a Zambian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a Midfielder .
Lucius Seius Strabo was born around 46 BC in Volsinii , Etruria , to the family of Marcus Seius Strabo and Terentia .
Moussa Konaté ( 1951 -- 30 November 2013 ) was a Malian writer who was born in Kita .
Karim El Idrissi ( born 26 November 1977 in Auxerre ) is a retired French football player of Moroccan origin , who last plays for AJ Auxerre .
Ibrahim Adil Shah I ( 1534 - -1558 ) was a Sultan and later Shah of the Indian kingdom of Bijapur .
Peng Weiguo ( simplified Chinese : 彭伟国 ; traditional Chinese : 彭偉國 ; pinyin : Péng Wěiguó ; Jyutping : Pang4 Wai5 Gwok3 ; born October 3 , 1971 in Guangzhou , Guangdong ) is a retired Chinese football player who was known as one of the best midfielders in China in the 1990s .
Carl H. Ziese , ( Moscow , 2 July 1848 - 5 December 1917 ) was a German mechanical engineer , railway machinery manufacturer and shipbuilder of East Prussian origin .
Jan De Cock ( born in Etterbeek 2 May 1976 ) is a contemporary Belgian visual artist .
Paul Kempeneers ( born in Tienen on December 9 , 1935 ) is a Belgian philologist and linguist .
Huang Xu ( simplified Chinese : 黄旭 ; traditional Chinese : 黃旭 ; pinyin : Huáng Xù ; born February 4 , 1979 in Nantong , Jiangsu ) is a Chinese artistic gymnast .
Gonzalo Segares González ( born October 13 , 1982 in San José ) is a retired Costa Rican footballer who spent most of his career with the Chicago Fire in Major League Soccer .
George DelHoyo ( born November 23 , 1953 , Canelones , Uruguay ) , also known as George Deloy , is a Uruguay - born American actor .
Franz Hengsbach was born in Velmede to Johann and Theresia Hengsbach ; he had five brothers and two sisters .
Ivar Vidfamne ( or Ívarr inn víðfaðmi ; English exonym Ivar Widefathom ; Danish Ivar Vidfadme ) was a legendary Scanian , Danish and Swedish mythological king hailing from Scania .
Karen Barber ( born 21 June 1961 in Manchester ) is an English ice dancer .
Carl Friedrich Haase , name sometimes spelled as Karl Friedrich Haase ( 13 February 1788 , Leipzig - 10 November 1865 , Ober - Lössnitz near Dresden ) was a German obstetrician .
Antonio Soda ( born 24 June 1964 in Cutro ) is an Italian football manager currently of Vibonese and former striker .
Lee Kin Wo ( Chinese : 李健和 ; Jyutping : lei5 gin6 wo4 , born 20 October 1967 in Hong Kong ) is one of the most famous footballers in Hong Kong and his most usual position is right wing .
Lenny Pickett ( born Las Cruces , New Mexico , April 10 , 1954 ) is an American saxophonist , flutist , clarinetist , composer , arranger , music director and teacher .
Fabrice Luchini was born in Paris , into an Italian immigrant family from Assisi who were greengrocers .
Andreas Alcibiades ( Greek : Αντρέας Αλκιβιάδης ; born 19 September 1991 in Nicosia ) is a Cypriot winger who plays for Omonia Aradippou in the Cypriot Second Division .
William Tester ( born April 26 , 1960 , in Charleston , South Carolina ) is an American short story writer and novelist .
Sigleif Johansen ( born October 25 , 1948 in Tana ) is a former Norwegian biathlete .
Penelope Williamson ( b. Fairbanks , Alaska , USA ) is an American writer of romance novels as her real name and as the pen names Elizabeth Lambert and Penn Williamson .
Born Theo - Alice Jeanne Carpenter in Kansas City , Missouri , Carpenter started her film career at the age of three .
Jeanne Driessen ( born in Maaseik on 3 May 1892 ; died 15 July 1997 ) was a Christen - Democratisch en Vlaams politician when the party was still known as the Christelijke Volkspartij .
McCaul , the son of Alexander McCaul ( a cordwainer ) was born to a Protestant family in Dublin , 16 May 1799 .
Joshua Fishman ( Yiddish name Shikl ) was born and raised in Philadelphia .
Ma Huateng ( Chinese : 马化腾 ; pinyin : Mǎ Huàténg , born October 29 , 1971 in Chaoyang District , Shantou City , Guangdong Province ) , also known as Pony Ma , is a Chinese internet entrepreneur .
Annie Mascarene ( 6 June 1902 - 19 July 1963 ) was an Indian freedom fighter and Member of Parliament from Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala .
Born in Lindau , Rudi Spring received piano instructions from Alfred Kuppelmayer ( 1918 - -1977 ) , starting in 1971 .
Mikhail Iosifovich Glinsky was born to ethnic Russian peasant parents in the village of Malaya Kamenka in the Minsk Governorate of the Russian Empire ( now in Mogilev Oblast , Belarus ) in 1901 .
Thorodd Presberg ( born 18 January 1944 in Drammen ) is a Norwegian former football and bandy player .
Gustavo Charif ( born August 18 , 1966 , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine writer , visual artist and film director .
David Ossman ( born December 6 , 1936 in Santa Monica , California ) is an American writer and comedian , best known as a member of The Firesign Theatre and screenwriter of such films as Zachariah .
Clive Middlemass ( born 25 August 1944 in Sheffield ) is an English former professional footballer and manager .
Auro Roselli ( 1921 in Pescara - May 12 , 2013 ) was an Italian resistant , journalist , photographer , writer and inventor .
Giuseppe Galluzzo ( born May 30 , 1960 in Siderno ) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player who is currently managing U.S. Castrovillari Calcio .
Susie Arioli is a Canadian jazz singer from Montreal .
Tansy Davies ( born 29 May 1973 , Bristol ) is an English composer of contemporary classical music .
Willy Dobbe ( born 2 January 1944 in The Hague ) is a Dutch television announcer and former television presenter .
Miloš Kolaković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Колаковић ; born 25 June 1974 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian former footballer .
Rita Dominic is a member of the Royal Waturuocha family of Aboh Mbaise local government area in Imo State .
Theobaldo di Gatti ( c.1650 - 1727 ) was a composer and musician , born in Florence .
Olaf Seier , called `` Leo '' ( due to his long lion - like hair ) , started his career with the Rostock based football club Polizei SV Rostock in 1970 , where he achieved to become part of the first team and was able to play in the GDR Oberliga .
Michael Offei is of Ghanaian descent , and lives in London .
Duncan Gordon Boyes was born at 3 Paragon Buildings , Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , the son of John Boyes and his wife Sabina on 5 November 1846 .
Saint Olegarius Bonestruga ( from Germanic Oldegar , Latin : Ollegarius , Oligarius , Catalan : Oleguer , Spanish : Olegario ; 1060 -- 6 March 1137 ) was the Bishop of Barcelona from 1116 and Archbishop of Tarragona from 1118 until his death .
Jermaine Eric Shute ( born December 15 , 1984 ) , better known by his stage name Starlito ( formerly All $ tar Cashville Prince ) is an American rapper from Nashville , Tennessee .
Detlef Lienau ( February 17 , 1818 Uetersen -- August 29 , 1887 ) was a German architect born in Holstein .
Richard Rust ( July 13 , 1938 -- November 9 , 1994 ) was an American actor of stage , television , and film born in Boston , probably best remembered for his role as a young lawyer in NBC 's Sam Benedict series ( 1962 - 1963 ) .
Paul Scholes ( /ˈpɔːl ˈskoʊlz/ ; born 16 November 1974 ) is a retired English footballer who played his entire professional career for Manchester United and is currently co - owner of Salford City .
Erin Cardillo ( born February 17 , 1977 , in White Plains , New York , United States ) is an American actress .
Born in Camapuã , Mato Grosso do Sul , Lincom moved to Birigui , São Paulo at the age of two .
René Pleven was born in Rennes on 15 April 1901 as the son of a commissioned officer and director of studies at the Special Military School of St. Cyr .
Jennifer Lyn Jackson ( March 21 , 1969 -- January 22 , 2010 ) of Cleveland , Ohio , was the Playboy magazine Playmate of the Month for April 1989 .
Željko Kerum was born in the village of Ogorje ( part of Muć ) in the Dalmatian hinterland .
Ünal Karaman ( born 29 June 1966 in Konya ) is a former Turkish professional footballer and manager .
Radwan Al - Sheikh Hassan ( Arabic : رضوان الشيخ حسن‎ ) is a Syrian football Defender who played for Syria in the 1984 Asian Cup .
Henk ten Cate ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɦɛŋk tɛn ˈkaː.tə ) , born 9 December 1954 in Amsterdam , North Holland ) is a Dutch football manager and a former professional player , current coach of Al Jazira .
Brendon Dedekind ( born 14 February 1976 in Pietermaritzburg , KwaZulu - Natal ) is a South African retired swimmer .
Luís Fernando Rodrigues dos Santos known as his given name Luís Fernando ( born 21 December 1983 in Santana do Livramento , Rio Grande do Sul ) is a Brazilian footballer playing for Nacional Atlético Clube .
Leon Prima ( July 28 , 1907 , New Orleans - 1985 ) was an American jazz trumpeter .
Born in Stockholm , the son of painter and carpenter E.H. Cederlund and Ida Matilda Ullman , Gösta Cederlund made his professional stage debut in 1907 at Svenska teatern ( Swedish Theatre ; Sweden 's national stage in Stockholm between 1875 - -1925 ) .
Guy Vanderhaeghe was born on April 5 , 1951 in Esterhazy , a mining town in southeastern Saskatchewan .
In 1989 Ramesh Sippy and his wife Kiran visited Karachi , Pakistan and stayed for a few days .
Marco Vistalli ( born 3 October 1987 in Alzano Lombardo ) is an Italian sprinter , specializing in 400 metres .
Yves Charnay ( born 25 January 1942 in Saint - Chamond , Loire ) is a French Light Artist and painter .
Lindy Hemming ( born August 21 , 1948 in Wales ) is a Welsh costume designer , who won the Academy Award for Costume Design for Topsy - Turvy ( 1999 ) .
Margaretha de Heer was in Leeuwarden in the Dutch Republic in 1603 .
Sofi Sarah Tsedaka ( born Sofi Tsedaka in Holon on 26 October 1975 ) is an Israeli actress , singer , television presenter and politician from the Holon Samaritan community .
David Livschitz ( Hebrew : דוד ליבשיץ‎ , born 12 May 1897 , died 30 October 1973 ) was a Russia - born Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam , the Faction independent of Ahdut HaAvoda and Mapai between 1951 and 1959 .
Joey Brock ( born 20 September 1988 in Arnhem ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a left Back .
Gaëtan Roussel ( born 13 October 1972 Rodez , Aveyron ) is a French singer , songwriter and composer .
Heijermans was born in Rotterdam , into a liberal Jewish family , the fifth of the 11 children of Herman Heijermans Sr . and Matilda Moses Spiers .
David Fonseca ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( dɐˈvid fõˈsekɐ ) , born on 14 June 1973 , in Leiria ) is a Portuguese musician , singer - songwriter .
Ernest Edward Austen ( 1867 in London -- 16 January 1938 ) was an English entomologist specialising in Diptera and Hymenoptera .
Kevin Pauwels ( born 12 April 1984 , in Ekeren ) is a Belgian professional racing cyclist , for the Sunweb - Napoleon Games team .
Beauchamp Tower was born the son of Robert Beauchamp Tower , rector of Moreton , Essex and educated at Uppingham School , Rutland .
Cédric Fèvre - Chevalier ( born in Dijon on 1 November 1983 ) is a Paralympic sports - shooter .
Jeremy Gara ( born June 6 , 1978 ) is a Canadian drummer from Ottawa , Ontario .
Neil Grayson ( born 1 November 1964 in York ) is a retired English footballer who last played as a striker for Sutton Town .
Franz Carr ( born 24 September 1966 in Preston ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a Winger from 1984 until 2000 , notably for Nottingham Forest , as well as playing for Newcastle United in League Division 1 and in the Premier League for Leicester City and Aston Villa .
Pëllumb Jusufi ( Albanian : Pëllumb Jusufi ; Croatian : Plumb Jusufi ; Macedonian : Пелумб Јусуфи ) ( born 10 February 1988 in Tetovo ) is a Croatian - Macedonian football player .
Tony Colavecchia ( born 7 August 1963 in Skegness , England ) is a former collegiate soccer head coach .
Many of Skelton 's personal and professional effects , including prints of his artwork , were donated to Vincennes University by his widow , where they are part of the Red Skelton Museum of American Comedy .
Roger Jepsen was born the son of Emil Jepsen and Esther ( Sorensen ) Jepsen on December 23 , 1928 in Cedar Falls , Iowa , where he attended the public schools and the University of Northern Iowa .
Edwin Redvers Baden Herod ( 16 May 1900 -- 1973 ) was a professional footballer who played for Barking Town , Ilford , Great Eastern Railway Works F.C. , Charlton Athletic , Brentford , Tottenham Hotspur , Chester City , Swindon Town and Clapton Orient .
Born in Pelotas , Rio Grande do Sul state , Tiago Treichel had played for Pelotas , Sapiranga , Novo Hamburgo ( form 1 August 2005 to January 2006 ) in state leagues before signed by Bulgarian side Litex Lovech on 31 January 2006 .
Reinier Robbemond ( born 31 January 1972 in Dordrecht ) is a Dutch football manager and former player who is currently manager of Eerste Divisie side FC Oss .
Joseph Finder was born in Chicago , Illinois in 1958 , and spent much of his early childhood in Afghanistan and the Philippines before his family returned to the United States and lived in Bellingham , Washington and outside Albany , New York .
Jacob Cheung Chi - Leung is a Hong Kong film director , producer , screenwriter , and actor .
Gabrielle Beaumont ( born on 7 April 1942 in London , England ) is a British film and television director .
Claudiu Vaișcovici ( born 14 October 1962 ) is a Romanian retired football striker , who played for Sportul Studențesc , Dunărea Galați , Oțelul Galați , Victoria București , Dinamo București , Bursaspor , Zimbru Chișinău and Progresul București .
Alpheus Beede Stickney was born in Wilton , Maine , on June 27 , 1840 , the first son of Daniel Stickney and his third wife , Ursula Maria Beede .
Bruno Fitoussi ( born September 21 , 1958 ) is a French professional poker player from Paris .
Hermann Julius Kolbe ( 2 June 1855 , Halle , Province of Westphalia -- 26 November 1939 ) was a German entomologist from Halle , Westphalia .
Hazel Webb - Crozier is an award winning international costume designer from Belfast , Northern Ireland .
Phillip Lamarre ( born September 18 , 1987 in Plantation , Florida ) is an American soccer player currently without a club , having last played with the Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the second division North American Soccer League .
Ivan Chopin was born in 1798 in France and lived there till 1820s .
Ida Siekmann was born in Gorken near Marienwerder ( West Prussia ) ( now Górki , Kwidzyn County , Poland ) .
Larry Grenadier ( born February 6 , 1966 in San Francisco ) is an American jazz double bassist .
Leena Günther ( born 16 April 1991 in Cologne ) is a German athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 11.33 seconds in the 100 metres event .
Nicolas - Jean Rouppe was born in Rotterdam , and became a sub - deacon of the order of the Carmelites , but he broke radically with his faith in 1792 , the day after Battle of Jemappes between the French revolutionary and Austrian armies on 6 November 1792 .
Ze'ev Haimovich ( Hebrew : זאב חיימוביץ‎ ; born 7 April 1983 in Netanya ) is an Israeli footballer playing for Maccabi Netanya .
Charles Fracé , a wildlife artist whose work was featured in more than 450 exhibitions , was born in 1926 in the small town of Mauch Chunk ( now Jim Thorpe ) , in eastern Pennsylvania .
Soprano Irina Iordachescu was born in Bucharest , into a family of musicians .
Sheron Wray ( born 1970 , in England ) is a dancer , teacher , choreographer and theatre director .
Rouguy Diallo ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁu.ɡi dja.lo ) ; born 5 February 1995 in Nice ) is a French athlete who specialises in the triple jump .
Kevin Cossom ( born September 2 , 1984 ) is an American singer and record producer born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and raised in Orlando , Florida .
Paul Gentilozzi ( born February 6 , 1950 in Lansing , Michigan ) is a race car driver and businessman .
Silvio Diliberto ( born December 16 , 1963 in Rotterdam ) is a former Dutch football player who was also a kicker in American football .
Alberto Veronesi ( Milan , 1965 ) is an Italian conductor .
Dieter Herbst ( born 31 July 1960 in Groß - Gerau , Hesse ) is a German communication expert , with core expertise in Marketing Management and Public Relations .
Katarzyna Popowa - Zydroń ( Bulgarian : Екатерина Попова ) ( born 30 April 1948 in Sofia ) is a Polish pianist of Bulgarian descent .
Sławomir Mordarski ( born January 4 , 1979 in Nowy Sącz ) is a Polish slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1990s to the mid-2000s .
Alberto Castelvecchi ( Rome , 12 April 1962 ) is an Italian publisher and talent scout .
Lalit Suri was born in Rawalpindi , a town now lying in Pakistan , into a trader family of the Khatri caste .
Joe Lawless ( 13 February 1962 in Dublin ) was an Irish soccer player during the 1980s and 1990s .
Washington Luiz Mascarenhas Silva or simply Washington ( born August 23 , 1978 in São José dos Campos ) , is a Brazilian striker who was the top striker in Copa Libertadores 2006 playing for Palmeiras , scoring five goals .
Robbie Tice ( born July 24 , 1990 in White Rock , British Columbia ) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Norwegian club Leknes FK and the Canadian Men 's National Futsal Team .
A native of the city of Jeongeup in Jeollabuk - do province , Cha Kyung - bok graduated from Joongdong High School and took a Bachelor 's degree from Kyunghee University , where , during his student days , he played on the national team .
Peter Rosegger ( 31 July 1843 -- 26 June 1918 ) was an Austrian writer and poet from the province of Styria .
Thrasymachus was a citizen of Chalcedon , on the Bosphorus .
André Andrejew was born in a town of Schawli ( Lithuanian : Šiauliai ) in tsarist Russia , ( today Lithuania ) , on January 21 , 1887 as Andrej Andrejew ( Russian : Андрей Андреев ) .
Francisco António da Veiga Beirão ( Lisbon , 24 July 1841 -- Paço de Arcos , 11 November 1916 ) , commonly known as Francisco da Veiga Beirão ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku dɐ ˈvɐjɡɐ bɐjˈɾɐ̃w̃ ) ) , or Veiga Beirão , was a Portuguese politician of the late period of the Constitutional Monarchy .
Jimmie R. Yee ( born 1934 in Sacramento , California ) is an American politician who formerly served on the Sacramento County Board of Supervisors .
Vincenzo Giannusa ( born 1 June 1981 in Palermo ) is an Italian professional football player of Italian origin currently on loan with Fondi .
Ewa Mazierska ( born 1964 in Włocławek , Poland ) is a reader in Contemporary Cinema , in the Department of Humanities of the University of Central Lancashire .
Jerome Rothenberg was born and raised in New York City , the son of Polish - Jewish immigrant parents and is a descendant of the Talmudist Rabbi Meir of Rothenburg .
John Greenleaf Whittier was born to John and Abigail ( Hussey ) at their rural homestead in Haverhill , Massachusetts , on December 17 , 1807 .
Mateo Cañellas Martorell ( born 27 April 1972 in Inca , Majorca ) is a retired Spanish middle distance runner .
Mayana Moura ( born August 29 , 1982 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian actress and former model .
Penelope Rosemont ( born 1942 Chicago , Illinois ) , attended Lake Forest College .
The son of a Church of England minister , Charles Valentine Riley was born on 19 September 1843 in London 's Chelsea district .
Davide Malacarne ( born 11 July 1987 in Feltre , Province of Belluno ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Team Europcar .
Paul Coker ( born Paul Coker , Jr. , 1929 in Lawrence , Kansas ) is an American illustrator .
Kenza Farah was born on born July 8 , 1986 in Béjaïa , Algeria and grew up in the 15th arrondissement of Marseille .
Francis Alfred Skidmore was born in Birmingham , the son of Francis Skidmore , a jeweller .
Jason DiTullio ( born January 6 , 1984 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a retired Canadian football ( soccer ) player and coach .
Marko Kovač ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марко Ковач ; born 9 April 1981 in Belgrade , Yugoslavia , today Serbia ) is Serbian architect and film director .
Max Hollein ( born 1969 , Vienna ) has been the director of the Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt since 2001 , and director of the Städel Museum and the Liebieghaus Skulpturensammlung since January 2006 .
Zofia Klepacka ( Warsaw , 26 April 1986 ) is a Polish windsurfer .
Niccolò dell'Abbate was born in Modena , the son of a violinist .
Milad Abtahi is an Iranian football forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Rah Ahan in the Iran Pro League .
Lee Shallat - Chemel sometimes credited as Lee Shallat ( born June 15 , 1943 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American film , television director and television producer .
Elizabeth Hawes was born in Ridgewood , New Jersey , the second child of four .
Pierre Huyghe ( pronounced hweeg ) was born in Paris in 1962 .
Alex Bruno Costa Fernandes ( born 9 May 1982 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Independente de Limeira as a centre back .
Amadou Touré ( born September 27 , 1982 in Bujumbura ) is a Burundian - Burkinabé football player who , is playing for FC Wiltz 71 in Luxembourg .
Anton Batagov ( born October 10 , 1965 in Moscow ) is a Russian pianist and post - minimalist composer .
Helena Klakocar was born in Tuzla , Bosnia and Herzegovina , into an ethnic Croatian family .
Holman was born in St Pancras , London , England in 1871 , the son of William Holman , an actor , his mother was also on the stage under the name of May Burney .
Jeanne Pruett ( born Norma Jean Bowman January 30 , 1937 in Pell City , Alabama ) is an American country singer and Grand Ole Opry star , best known for her 1973 country hit , `` Satin Sheets '' , that spent three weeks at No . 1 .
Christophe Dominici was born in Toulon and by his own account had a difficult sometimes turbulent childhood .
Leonardo Henrichsen was born to a Swedish Argentine father and an English Argentine mother in Buenos Aires .
Endel Lippmaa ( 15 September 1930 , Tartu -- 30 July 2015 ) was an Estonian academian , politician , founder and chairman of the Science Council of the National Institute of Chemical Physics and Biophysics , and head chairman and professor of chemical physics , physical chemistry , physics , and mathematics at the Estonian Academy of Sciences .
Jitka Burianová ( born 17 January 1977 in Prostějov ) is a retired Czech sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres .
Carl Robert Fallberg was born in Cleveland , Tennessee on 11 September 1915 to Carl Fallberg ( Sr . ) , and Gunhild Fallberg ( née Sjöstedt ) , who both taught music at the Centenary College Conservatory in Cleveland , Tennessee from 1910 - 1917 .
Anatole Kitain was born in Saint Petersburg into a family of professional musicians .
Ionuț Mihălăchioaie ( born 31 January 1991 in Bacău ) is a Romanian football player who is under contract with SC Bacău in Liga II . He plays as a Right back .
Hannibal Hamlin Garland was born on a farm near West Salem , Wisconsin , on September 14 , 1860 , the second of four children of Richard Garland of Maine and Charlotte Isabelle McClintock .
Gina Malo ( 1909 - -1963 ) was an American film actress , born Janet Flynn in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Anthony Rota ( born May 15 , 1961 in North Bay , Ontario ) is a Canadian politician and political science professor at Nipissing University .
Jeanne - Emilie de Villeneuve , also named Émilie de Villeneuve , was born in Toulouse , on 9 March 1811 From an early age , she lived in Hauterive Castle ( near Castres ) , where her sick mother had withdrawn for treatment .
Charles Plymell ( born April 26 , 1935 , in Holcomb , Kansas ) is a poet , novelist , and small press publisher .
Esa Ruoho ( born October 26 , 1978 ) , better known as Lackluster , is a Finnish electronic music producer and performer from Kontula , Helsinki .
Born in New York City , Constance Binney was educated at Westover School , a private college preparatory boarding school for girls in Middlebury , Connecticut and in Paris , France .
Saad Hassar ( Arabic : سعد حصار‎ -- born 21 February 1953 , Salé ) is a Moroccan politician .
François Dompierre ( born July 1 , 1943 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian musician and composer , best known as a composer of film scores .
Thomas Monro was born 1759 , in London , youngest son of Dr John Monro ( 9th of Fyrish ) and Elizabeth Culling Smith .
Harvey Pitt ( b. Brooklyn , New York , February 28 , 1945 ) was the 26th chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , serving from 2001 - 2003 .
Gigi Padovani was born in Alba in 1953 , and has worked as a reporter for La Stampa for many years , writing articles on domestic politics and society as well as collaborating with other newspapers and magazines .
Olga Scheps was born on January 1 , 1986 , in Moscow , Russia , and came to Germany at the age of six .
Jean - Marc Schaer ( born January 1 , 1953 in Dunières ) is a French retired professional football striker .
Daniel Rey ( born Daniel Rabinowitz ) is an American musician , music producer and songwriter from New York City best known for his work with the Ramones .
Wu Ying ( Chinese : 吴英 ; pinyin : Wú Yīng , born 20 May 1981 ) is an entrepreneur from the city of Dongyang in Zhejiang Province , and formerly the sixth - richest woman in China .
Alan Warner ( born 1964 ) , a Scottish novelist , grew up in Connel , near Oban .
John Otway ( born 2 October 1952 in Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire , England ) is an English singer - songwriter who has built a sizeable cult audience through extensive touring .
However , his presence became known to Christians in the area , and Januarius maintained contact with Sossius , who was a deacon of Miseno , as well as the deacon Festus and the lector Desiderius .
Adriano da Silva ( born 2 May 1980 in Maringá ) is a Brazilian footballer , who last played for Assisense .
John Farrell Easmon ( or `` Johnnie '' ) was born in the Settler Town area of Freetown , Sierra Leone on 30 June 1856 to Walter Richard Easmon ( 1824 - -1883 ) and his second wife Mary Ann MacCormac ( 1830 - -1865 ) .
Deuce 7 ( a.k.a . Deuce Seven , Twenty Seven , 27 ) is the pseudonym of an American artist based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Ronny Hebestreit ( born 9 January 1975 in Gotha ) is a German football coach and formerfootballer .
She was born Sara Trevor Teasdale in St. Louis , Missouri , and used the name Sara Teasdale Filsinger after her marriage in 1914 .
Mišel Matičević ( born 1970 in Berlin ) is a German actor of Croatian descent .
Rudolf Wels ( 28 April 1882 , in Osek near Rokycany , western Bohemia - 8 March 1944 , in KZ Auschwitz ) was a Czech architect active in western Bohemia and in Prague .
Raymond Poulidor was the son of Martial and Maria Poulidor , small farmers outside the hamlet of Masbaraud - Mérignat , where the Creuse region east of Limoges meets the département of Haute - Vienne .
Bisoye Tejuoso was a prominent Nigerian businesswoman from Abeokuta .
Evgeny Sokolov ( born 11 June 1984 in Moscow ) is a Russian road bicycle racer who last rode for UCI ProTour team Bbox Bouygues Telecom .
George Reardon ( May 23 , 1930 − September 6 , 1998 ) was an American physician from Hartford , Connecticut , charged with abusing hundreds or possibly thousands of children .
Dezső Ernster was born in Pécs , the son of a cantor , and studied in Budapest and Vienna .
Leslie L. Vadász ( born 1936 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian - American engineer and manager , one of the founding members of Intel Corporation .
Hugo Paul Friedrich Schulz ( August 6 , 1853 -- July 13 , 1932 ) was a German pharmacologist from Wesel , Rhenish Prussia .
Biurakn Hakhverdian ( Armenian : Բյուրակն Հախվերդյան ; born 4 October 1985 in Leiden ) is a Dutch water polo player who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions .
Konekham Inthammavong born 10 July 1992 in Vientiane , is a Laotian football player , he is playing for Lao Bank FC in Lao League .
Edward Rose was born in Swaffham , Norfolk , on 7 August 1849 , son of Dr Caleb Rose , F.R.C.S. , M.R.C.P. and his first wife , Isabella Morse .
Terence Aubrey Murray was born in Limerick , Ireland , into a patriotic and politically aware Roman Catholic family .
Wolfgang Engels ( born 1943 in Düsseldorf ) is a former East German soldier .
Saint John of Capistrano ( Italian : San Giovanni da Capestrano , Hungarian : Kapisztrán János , Polish : Jan Kapistran , Serbian : Јован Капистран , Jovan Kapistran ) ( 24 June 1386 -- 23 October 1456 ) was a Franciscan friar and Catholic priest from the Italian town of Capestrano , Abruzzo .
Houssam Wadi ( Arabic : حسام وادي‎ ; born August 8 , 1986 in Gaza , Palestine ) is a Palestinian professional football ( soccer ) player currently playing for Gazan club Ittihad Shajeiyah after voiding his contract with Al - Am'ary of the West Bank Premier League .
Born in Vienna to Jewish parents , Jules Thorn was conscripted into the Austrian Army during World War I. After the War he studied at the Handelshochschule ( Business School ) in Vienna .
Miho Bošković ( born 11 January 1983 in Dubrovnik ) is a Croatian water polo player .
Born Narinderjeet Ghumman , in Delhi , Navnindra Behl started stage acting when she was just three years old .
Nikolaos Himonas ( Greek : Νικόλαος Χειμώνας. Russian : Николай Петрович Химона ; 25 September 1864 , Yevpatoria - 1 August 1929 , Skyros ) was a painter and art teacher of Greek ancestry who was born in Russia and spent most of his life there .
Harry Leon Wilson was born in Oregon , Illinois , the son of Samuel and Adeline ( née Kidder ) .
Gabriela Amaral dos Santos ( born August 1 , 1978 in Belém , Pará ) , known by her stage name Gaby Amarantos , is a Brazilian singer and dancer of tecno brega .
Leland Ossian Howard , Ph.D. , M.D. ( June 11 , 1857 in Rockford , Illinois -- May 1 , 1950 ) , was an American entomologist .
Ramson Zhuwawo ( born 3 November 1983 in Harare ) is a Zimbabwean soccer player who plays for AmaZulu in the South African Premier Soccer League .
Sergei Eduardovich Prikhodko ( Russian : Сергей Эдуардович Приходько ) ( born January 12 , 1957 in Moscow ) is a Russian statesman and diplomat .
Douglas Corrigan ( January 22 , 1907 -- December 9 , 1995 ) was an American aviator born in Galveston , Texas .
Ennio Capasa ( born in Lecce in 1960 ) is an Italian fashion designer .
Richard Shawn McKenzie ( born February 20 , 1971 in Paducah , Kentucky ) is an Open Source Software programmer living in Katy , Texas in the Houston , Texas metropolitan area .
Giovanni Pellegrino ( born on January 5 , 1939 in Lecce ) is an Italian politician .
Charles Wilbert White was born on April 2 , 1917 to Ethel Gary , a domestic servant , and Charles White Sr , a railroad and construction worker , on the South Side of Chicago .
In the spring of 423 a truce was concluded between Athens and Sparta , but its operation was at once imperiled by the city of Scione , which it transpired had come over to Brasidas two days after the truce began , which led to the Athenian requiring it to be returned to them .
Tom Byer ( 21 November 1960 ) is a former professional soccer player originally from New York but who is now based in Tokyo , Japan as one of the most decorated and admired grassroots soccer coaches in the Asian region .
Wojciech Kurtyka ( also Voytek Kurtyka , born 20 September 1947 , in Skrzynka near Kłodzko ) is a Polish mountaineer and rock climber , one of the pioneers of the alpine style of climbing the biggest walls in the Greater Ranges .
An Italian Canadian , Joseph Valtellini was born in Scarborough , Ontario to parents who emigrated from Pachino , Sicily .
Tristão de Alencar Araripe Júnior was born in Fortaleza , Ceará , the son of Tristão de Alencar Araripe and Argentina de Alencar Lima , into one of the country 's most prominent families .
Joël Venceslas Kouassi ( born October 25 , 1981 in Abidjan ) is an Ivorian - born Burkinabé footballer , who is currently a free agent .
Antti Jokinen ( born 26 April 1968 in Nurmijärvi ) is a Finnish music video and film director , as well as a former college basketball player .
Whitehurst was born in Congleton , Cheshire , to a clockmaker , the elder John Whitehurst .
Jean Laborde ( 16 October 1805 in Auch - 27 December 1878 in Madagascar ) was an adventurer and early industrialist in Madagascar .
Emrys Roberts was born at Caernarfon and educated at Caernarfon Grammar School , at University College of Wales , Aberystwyth , where he gained a law degree , Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge and the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva .
Julia Mallam ( born Julia Oglesby , 1982 in Doncaster , South Yorkshire ) is a British actress , best known for playing Dawn Woods in Emmerdale .
Anton Mauve was born on 18 September 1838 in Zaandam , a town in the Dutch province of North Holland .
Andrzej Jerzy Lech - Born January 22 , 1955 in Wrocław , Poland , is a Polish artist and photographer .
Patricia Guerra Cabrera ( born July 21 , 1965 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , Las Palmas ) is a Spanish sailor who won gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Barbara Fialho ( born December 21 , 1987 ) is a Brazilian fashion model born in the city of Montes Claros , Minas Gerais .
Charles Lewinsky ( 14 April 1946 ) is a Swiss screenwriter and playwright ( among others Fascht e Familie ) , as well as a writer of novels and non - fiction , born and living in Zürich .
Zoran Šaraba ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зopaн Шapaбa , born September 26 , 1971 in Trebinje ) is a Bosnian Serb retired football player and current assistant manager of FK Vojvodina in Serbian Superliga .
Alois Neurath ( 29 August 1886 Vienna-25 April 1955 Stockholm ) was a Sudeten German dissident communist activist who later joined the Swedish Social Democratic Party .
Nicolas Sanabria ( 1889 - -1945 ) of New York City , was a philatelist concerned primarily with the field of aerophilately .
Rachid Taoussi ( Arabic : رشيد الطاوسي‎ -- born 1959 , Sidi Kacem ) is a Moroccan football manager who currently manages Raja Casablanca .
Theodahad ( born c. 480 in Tauresium -- died 536 ) was the King of the Ostrogoths from 534 to 536 and a nephew of Theodoric the Great through his sister Amalafrida .
Kati Wolf ( born 24 September 1974 , Szentendre ) is a Hungarian singer and former airline purser .
Kurchi Dasgupta ( born 1974 in Kolkata , West Bengal ) is an Indian painter , writer and translator .
Born in Vila Nova de Famalicão , Braga District , Ukra began playing football for hometown 's F.C. Famalicão , moving at age 13 to FC Porto to complete his formation .
I ve Jerolimov ( born 30 March 1958 in Preko near Zadar ) is a former Croatian footballer .
Albert Kingsbury was born in Morris , Illinois and graduated from Cuyahoga Falls High School , OH in 1880 .
Onatas was an ancient Greek sculptor of the time of the Persian Wars and an exponent of the flourishing school of Aegina .
Ambrogio Frangiolli ( Milan , 1798 - -1870 ) Italian decorator , architect and painter .
Theodore O'Hara was born to notable educator Kane O'Hara and his wife in Danville , Kentucky on February 11 , 1820 .
Chan Sze - man ( born 3 July 1930 in Shanghai , Republic of China ) , better known by his stage name Ku Feng , is a Hong Kong actor .
Dominique Vallee ( born April 9 , 1981 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian snowboarder , specializing in the halfpipe and snowboard cross events .
Born in New Orleans , Louisiana , Lauren Barrett was mentored by her musical father , and began playing piano as a toddler , singing live at venues across New Orleans by the age of twelve .
Friedrich Jolly ( November 24 , 1844 -- January 4 , 1904 ) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist who was a native of Heidelberg , and the son of physicist Philipp von Jolly ( 1809 - -1884 ) .
Ella Guevara ( born Janella Denise Yuson Guevara ; August 19 , 1998 , Quezon City ) is a Filipina child actress .
Barre Phillips ( born October 27 , 1934 in San Francisco , California ) is a jazz and free improvisation bassist .
Mickey Munoz , nicknamed `` The Mongoose '' , was born in New York City in 1937 and is one of the early pioneers of surfing but is perhaps more famous for his work as a surfboard shaper .
Katherine Bashford was born August 19 , 1885 , in Prescott , Arizona , one of four children of Coles and Henrietta ( Parker ) Bashford .
Arthur Byron Cover ( born January 14 , 1950 , in Grundy , Virginia ) is a science fiction author .
Leonardo Scarselli ( born April 29 , 1975 in Florence ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental cycling team Southeast Pro Cycling .
Tao Jiali ( born 1987 in Chengdu , Sichuan , China ) is a fighter pilot in the Peoples Liberation Army Air Force .
Ursula Bagdasarjanz ( born 1934 in Winterthur ) is a Swiss violinist
Elena Korikova Born in Tobolsk , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union , Schoolgirl Elena attended classes Historic theater - studio `` Epic '' in Rostov - on - Don , created by director Mikhail Viktorovich Izyumsky and Elena Prozorovskaya ( Izyum ) .
August Zehender was born at Aalen near Württemberg in a family of a railway official .
John R. Velazquez ( born November 24 , 1971 , in Carolina , Puerto Rico ) is a jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing .
Tanaz Eshaghian ( Persian : طناز اسحاقیان‎ ; born 8 September 1974 in Iran ) is an Iranian - American documentary filmmaker .
Sara Rue was born Sara Schlackman in New York City , the daughter of Joan Schlackman ( née Rue ) , a municipal employee and former actress , and Marc Schlackman , a stage manager .
Norma Curtis ( b. Wales , UK ) is a British novelist and short story writer .
James Vasanthan was born in Tiruchirapalli ( Trichy ) , studied first at YWCA Primary School ( Presently BHEL Matric ) and later at Bishop Heber Hr Sec School ( Teppakulam ) and later graduated in English literature in Bishop Heber College , and then did his PG in English in Jamal Mohammad College .
Sanela Diana Jenkins ( born in 1973 as Sanela Ćatić in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian entrepreneur and philanthropist .
Nina Myers was born in Boston , Massachusetts , in 1968 , although in Day 3 , a fake ID shows her birthday as May 5 , 1975 ; however , this is alleged .
Born in Hangzhou , Zhejiang , Jiang Yukun began martial arts training at the age of 7 with his uncle .
Władysław Komar ( 11 April 1940 -- 17 August 1998 ) was a Polish shot put champion , who was born in Kaunas .
Born in Dole , Simon Bernard was educated at the École polytechnique , graduating as second in the promotion of 1799 and entered the army in the corps of engineers .
Wu Yake ( Chinese : 吴亚轲 ; born 3 February 1991 in Hubei ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Changchun Yatai .
Rhoda Gemignani ( born October 21 , 1940 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American actress , best known for her recurring role as Mrs. Rossini in the American television sitcom Who 's the Boss ? .
Livio Odescalchi was born in Rome in 1655 , the son of Carlo Odescalchi ( 1607 - 1673 ) and Beatrice Cusani .
Danny Corkill ( born March 8 , 1974 , in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American former child actor who saw early success in such films as Without a Trace and D.A.R.Y.L. He appeared in a number of commercials and had a small part in the TV Series Ryan 's Hope .
Paul Angerer ( born 16 May 1927 in Vienna ) is an Austrian violist , conductor and composer .
Paola Tagliabue ( born November 7 , 1976 in Como , Lombardy ) is an Italian world champion free - diver .
Federico di Sanseverino was born in Naples in 1475 or 1477 , the son of Roberto Sanseverino d'Aragona , general of the papal army , and his second wife Elisabetta da Montefeltro .
Albert Wojciech Adamkiewicz ( August 11 , 1850 -- October 31 , 1921 ) was a Polish - Jewish pathologist born in Żerków .
Alicia Framis ( born 1967 in Barcelona ) is a contemporary artist living and working in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
A member of the House of della Rovere , Cristoforo della Rovere was born in Turin on June 13 , 1434 , the son of Giovanni della Rovere and Anna del Pozo .
Wesley Willis ( May 31 , 1963 -- August 21 , 2003 ) was an American singer - songwriter and visual artist from Chicago .
Robert Lee Yates , Jr. ( born May 27 , 1952 ) is an American serial killer from Spokane , Washington .
John McGivern ( born in Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) is an American actor and writer , best known for playing Bruce McIntosh in the Disney film The Princess Diaries .
Alexander Lauterwasser ( born 1951 in Überlingen ) is a German researcher and photographer who based his work on work done by Ernst Chladni and Hans Jenny in the field of Cymatics .
Alison Goodman is an Australian writer of books for young adults , born in 1966 in Melbourne .
Shaibu Yakubu ( born November 11 , 1986 in Obuasi ) is a Ghanaian football player who currently plays for the Turkish side 1461 Trabzon .
Christian Jimenez ( born November 3 , 1986 in San Dimas , California ) is an American soccer player of Mexican descent .
Steele was born in Dublin , Ireland in March 1672 to Richard Steele , an attorney , and Elinor Symes ( née Sheyles ) ; his sister Katherine was born the previous year .
Often stated to be born in County Monaghan , Ireland , Sharp Delany was likely born in Queen 's County , Ireland ( present day County Laois ) .
Alfredo Bryce Echenique ( born February 19 , 1939 ) is a Peruvian writer born in Lima .
Georg Wilhelm Steinkopf was born on 28 June 1879 in Staßfurt , in the Prussian Province of Saxony in the German Empire , the son of Gustav Friedrich Steinkopf , a merchant , and his wife Elise Steinkopf ( née Heine ) .
Born Lemuel Hooper Atchley in Ebenezer , Marion County , Tennessee , he appeared in 214 films between 1929 and 1944 and is known for his appearance as the inconsiderate father in the Our Gang film Birthday Blues ( 1932 ) .
Julia Maesa ( ca . 7 May 165 --ca . 3 August 226 ) was a Roman citizen and daughter of Gaius Julius Bassianus , priest of the sun god Heliogabalus , the patron god of Emesa ( modern Homs ) in the Roman province of Syria .
Paul Hartal ( born 1936 ) is a Canadian painter and poet , born in Szeged , Hungary .
Robert Cooley Angell attended high school at Detroit Central High and graduated in 1917 .
Gilbert Bukenya was born on 5 August 1949 , in the village of Lwantama in Kakiri sub - county , in Busiro County , in present - day Wakiso District , about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) , by road , northwest of Kampala , Uganda 's capital and largest city .
Radu Zaharia ( born 25 January 1989 , Mediaș ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Gaz Metan Mediaș as a full back .
Born Noreen Jean Craigie to a Russian mother and a Scottish father in Fulham , London , Jill Craigie started her career in film as an actress .
Shimon Attie ( born Los Angeles in 1957 ) is an American visual artist .
Al Bell ( born Alvertis Isbell , March 15 , 1940 , in Brinkley , Arkansas , United States ) is an American record producer , songwriter , and record executive .
Dany Bahar was born in Istanbul , Turkey , in 1971 , and grew up in the Swiss ski village of Silvaplana , near the Italian border .
Richard Schneider ( 16 December 1919 , Kaiserslautern -- 28 April 1982 ) was a German football manager .
Christian Tamminga ( born 30 April 1974 in Leiden ) is a retired Dutch athlete who specialised in the pole vault .
The second of six children , Angelo Sodano was born in Isola d'Asti , Piedmont , to Giovanni and Delfina Sodano .
Stratos Svarnas ( Greek : Στράτος Σβάρνας ) ( born 11 November 1997 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek footballer who plays for AEK Athens in the Football League and the Greece U-17 team , as a Defender .
Sarah Torgov is a Canadian actress who was born in Toronto .
Lee Isaac Chung was born October 19 , 1978 in Denver , Colorado and grew up on a small farm in rural Arkansas .
Donald Foster Hudson ( Halifax , 1916 - 2003 ) was a British missionary in India and the author of Teach Yourself New Testament Greek .
Christina Kokubo ( July 27 , 1950 , Detroit , Michigan -- June 9 , 2007 ) was an American film and television actress ; she was also a drama teacher .
Herbert Hirche ( * 20 May 1910 in Görlitz , † 28 January 2002 in Heidelberg ) was a German architect and furniture- and product designer .
Sean Rickman was born in Georgetown , Washington , D.C. , into a musical family .
Franco Donatelli ( Alessandria , March 13 , 1924 -- Milano , November 11 , 1995 ) , was an Italian comic book artist and illustrator .
Tingye Li was born on July 7 , 1931 in Nanjing , Jiangsu Province , the eldest son of a diplomat .
Joan MacLeod ( born 1954 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian playwright .
Włodzimierz Korcz ( born November 13 , 1943 in Łódź ) is a Polish composer , pianist , music producer and author of many popular songs .
Wolfgang Katschner ( born in 1961 in Kyritz ) is a German lutenist and conductor .
Mavis Villiers ( born Mavis Clare Cooney ; 18 January 1911 , Sydney -- March 1976 , Paddington , London ) , was an Australian - born British actress of stage , film and television .
Ni Bo started his football career by joining Wuhan Guanggu 's youth academy and he was part of the squad that won national reserve league title in 2008 .
Pam Ling ( born April 21 , 1968 in Los Angeles , California ) is a Chinese American physician , best known as a castmate on The Real World :
Alice Robitaille ( February 3 , 1923 -- May 28 , 2011 ) , from Quebec City , `` petite Alys '' ( little Alys ) , was a French Canadian singer mainly remembered for her later French interpretations of Latin American songs , who performed under the stage name Alys Robi .
Giorgio Nurigiani ( 1892 - -1981 ) was an Italian writer , publicist , linguist and historian from Rome .
Marco Aurélio Ribeiro Barbieri simply Marco Aurélio ( born 27 March 1983 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer left back who plays for Aris Limassol .
The Caridad Elementary School in Cavite City was renamed Ladislao Diwa Elementary School in his honor in November 1964 .
Pánfilo de Narváez was born in Castile ( in either Cuéllar or Valladolid ) in 1478 .
Jean Metcalfe ( 2 March 1923 , Reigate , Surrey -- 28 January 2000 , Petersfield , Hampshire ) was an English radio broadcaster .
Guillaume Lemay - Thivierge ( born February 28 , 1976 in Saint - Jérôme , Quebec ) is a Quebec actor and film producer best known for major roles in Quebec films Nitro and Les 3 p'tit cochons in 2007 .
Fritz Haber was born in Breslau , Prussia ( now Wrocław , Poland ) , into a well - off Jewish family .
Abhay Deol has been the cover of Man 's World and Time Out Mumbai , with titles such as The New Face of Indian Cinema .
A member of the Della Torre family , Michele Della Torre was born in Udine in 1511 , the son of nobleman Luigi della Torre and is wife Taddea Strasoldo .
Heinrich Sterr was born on 24 September 1919 in Ortenburg , Lower Bavaria as part of the Free State of Bavaria .
Pierre - François Forissier ( born 29 December 1951 , Lorient ) is a French admiral .
Melissa Venema ( born April 12 , 1995 in Alkmaar ) is a Dutch trumpeter .
Jodi Ann Paterson was born in Balikpapan , Indonesia to American father and Indonesian mother .
Gorazd Kocijančič ( born in 1964 in Ljubljana ) is a freelance Slovene philosopher , poet and translator .
Jay Woelfel ( born July 24 , 1962 in Columbus , Ohio , United States ) is a screenwriter / director of independent films , and with producer Johnnie J. Young , a partner in Young Wolf Productions .
Arso Jovanović was born in Zavala village near Podgorica , Principality of Montenegro on March 24 , 1907 into a family with a strong military tradition , belonging to the Piperi clan .
Aliona Bolsova Zadoinov ( Russian : Алёна Вадимовна Большова ; born 6 November 1997 in Chișinău ) is a Spanish - Moldovan tennis player .
Riccardo Tesi ( Pistoia , 1956 ) is an Italian musician .
Eerik - Niiles Kross ( born 8 September 1967 , in Tallinn ) is an Estonian diplomat , intelligence chief , entrepreneur and politician .
Brian Tatler is an English musician , best known as the guitarist and co - founder of the Stourbridge based heavy metal band , Diamond Head .
Jaroslav Uhlíř ( born 14 September 1945 in Prague ) is a Czech composer and pianist .
Christopher Condent ( 1690s -- died 1770 ) , born in Plymouth in Devon , was an English pirate who led the return to the Eastern Seas .
She was born Jean Shiley in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , and later moved to Havertown , a Philadelphia suburb , where she joined the team at Haverford High School .
Gary Grimes ( born June 2 , 1955 , in San Francisco ) is a former American actor .
Born in Wilmington , North Carolina , Tamera Young is the daughter of Greg Young and Lynda Nichols - Brown and John Brown .
Born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania to Dion Waiters Sr . and Monique Brown , Waiters was raised by his mother , who had him when she was 17 .
Beth Nielsen Chapman ( born September 14 , 1958 , in Harlingen , Texas , United States ) is an American singer - songwriter , mostly known for her numerous hits recorded by country and pop music performers .
Fabio Calzavara is an entrepreneur and Venetian politician , born in Istrana on 21 September 1950 .
Having been elevated to a CBE in June 2007 , Jane Tomlinson died in St Gemma 's Hospice , Leeds , West Yorkshire less than three months later on 3 September .
James ' Kimo ' Wills ( October 2 , 1975 in Houston , Texas , USA ) is an American actor .
Yaʿqūb ibn Ṭāriq ( يعقوب بن طارق ; died c. 796 AD ) was an 8th - century Persian astronomer and mathematician who lived in Baghdad .
Peter Glossop was born in the Wadsley suburb of Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England , the son of Cyril Glossop , a manager at a cutlery factory .
Tạ Phong Tần ( born 1968 in Vĩnh Lợi District , Bạc Liêu Province ) is a Vietnamese dissident blogger .
Davor Piškor ( born 23 April 1982 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a striker , currently playing for SK Unterschützen .
Leandro Grech ( born 24 October 1980 in Rosario ) is an Argentine football player currently captaining German 2 .
Filippo Guastavillani was born in Bologna September 28 , 1541 , the son of Bolognese patricians Angelo Michele Guastavillani and Giacoma Boncompagni .
Rachid Belhout ( Arabic : رشيد بلحوت‎ ; born June 14 , 1944 in Sétif ) is an Algerian football manager and former player .
Bader Makki ( born 27 October 1970 ) in Beirut is a retired professional Lebanese basketball player .
Osborne Reynolds was born in Belfast and moved with his parents soon afterward to Dedham , Essex .
Karl - Heinz Spikofski ( born February 24 , 1927 in Essen ) is a former German footballer and coach .
Tore Vagn Lid ( born 25 April 1973 , in Bergen ) is a Norwegian theatre director , playwright , musician , and artistic director of Transiteatret - Bergen .
Mads Vinding ( born 7 December 1948 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish jazz double - bassist .
Alex Hassilev ( born in Paris , July 11 , 1932 ) is one of the founding members of the group The Limeliters and produced the rock album The Zodiac :
Gheorghe Moroșanu ( born April 30 , 1950 , in Darabani , Botoșani County ) is a Romanian mathematician known for his works in ordinary differential equations , partial differential equations and other branches of mathematics .
Serhiy Bezhenar ( born 9 August 1970 in Nikopol , Ukrainian SSR ) was a Ukrainian professional football player .
Suzanne Voilquin ( née Monnier ) was born in Paris in 1801 to a working - class family .
Lianne Charlotte Barnes ( born 23 August 1989 ) , known professionally as Lianne La Havas , is a London - born British folk and soul singer , songwriter and multi - instrumentalist .
Steffen Kammler is a Norwegian conductor born 6 May 1965 in Calbe in the German district Saxony - Anhalt .
Gérard Thurnauer was born in Paris to a Jewish father and a pastor 's daughter .
Yevgeniy Levkin , born October 14 , 1992 is a Kazakhstani ski jumper competing for Almaty Ski Club .
Luise Danz ( born December 11 , 1917 ) was a Nazi German concentration camp guard in World War II . She was born in Walldorf ( Werra ) in Thuringia .
Aaron Sagers was raised in Orlando , Florida , as the youngest Catholic son of five siblings , three older brothers and one older sister .
Oleksandr Hrytsay ( Ukrainian : Олександр Анатолійович Грицай ; born 30 September 1977 in Chernihiv , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a footballer who played as central defender for Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Roger Machado Marques ( born April 25 , 1975 in Porto Alegre ) , or simply Roger , is a Brazilian former left back and current coach .
Larry Sellers ( born October 2 , 1949 in Pawhuska , Oklahoma ) is an American actor / stuntman of Osage / Cherokee / Lakota heritage .
Irwin Gage ( born September 4 , 1939 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American pianist , specializing in accompanying Lieder .
Maurizio Carnino ( born 7 March 1975 in Turin ) is an Italian short track speed skater and long track speed skater .
Arnold Rampersad ( born 13 November 1941 ) is a biographer and literary critic born in Trinidad and Tobago .
Myles Connolly was born in Roxbury , Massachusetts ( a neighborhood - suburb of Boston ) .
Born and raised in San Juan , Puerto Rico , Miguel Zenón received his first musical lessons from Ernesto Vigoreaux in the Residencial Luis Llorens Torres , a housing project in San Juan where he spent most of his childhood .
Konstantin Derzhavin ( 18 February ( O.S. 5 February ) 1903 , Batumi -- 2 November 1956 , Leningrad ) was a Russian literary and theater critic , translator , and writer .
Joaquim Abranches ( born October 28 , 1985 in Verna , Goa ) is an Indian professional football player who plays as a winger for FC Goa in the Indian Super League .
Antoine Petit , born in Orléans , was the son of a tailor .
Tess Gallagher ( born July 21 , 1943 in Port Angeles , Washington ) is an American poet , essayist , and short story writer .
Ronnie Quintarelli ( born in Negrar , near Verona , 9 August 1979 ) is an Italian racecar driver .
Marcus Marin ( born 13 December 1966 in Hamburg ) is a German football coach and former player who currently works as player agent .
Suzana Grubješić was born on 29 January 1963 in Sombor , Vojvodina province , Yugoslavia ( now Serbia ) .
Born Robert Alton Hart in Bennington , Vermont , Alton studied dance with Ralph McKernan in Springfield , Massachusetts and spent his summers in New York studying with Bert French and Mikhail Mordkin , formerly of the Bolshoi Ballet and Sergey Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes .
Ralph Royce was born in Marquette , Michigan on 28 June 1890 and attended school at Hancock , Michigan .
Lachlan Macquarie was born on the island of Ulva off the coast of the Isle of Mull in the Inner Hebrides , a chain of islands off the West Coast of Scotland .
Hector Rason was born in Cleeve , Somerset in England on 18 June 1858 .
Craig Whitington ( born September 3 , 1970 in Brighton ) is a former professional footballer , who played for Crawley Town , Bridgeport , Scarborough , Huddersfield Town and Rochdale . He has had two children Naomi and Charlie .
Mateusz Żytko ( born November 27 , 1982 in Wrocław ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Cracovia in the Polish Ekstraklasa .
Karin Okolie ( Bulgarian : Карин Околие , born May 1st , 1994 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian athlete who specialises in the 100 metres and 200 metres sprint events .
Jonathan Kovacs ( 1982 , Los Angeles ) , known as J - five , is an American singer .
Tony Bircumshaw ( born 8 February 1945 in Mansfield , England ) is a former footballer who played in the full back position .
Elvin Beqiri ( born 27 September 1980 in Shkodër ) is a former Albanian footballer , who spend the mayority of his career playing Vllaznia Shkodër .
Lene Løseth ( born 26 November 1986 in Ålesund ) is a Norwegian alpine skier who races for Spjelkavik IL .
Wajihuddin Ahmed was born into an Urdu - speaking practising lawyer family in New Delhi , British India , on 1 December 1938 .
Rachel Thevenard is a Canadian actress born in Waterloo , Ontario , attended Waterloo Collegiate Institute , and who first appeared in MTV 's Skins in January 2011 as Michelle .
Angelis Borges ( born Angelis Cunha Borges on 11 May 1985 in Uberlândia , Minas Gerais ) , is known for winning the Brazilian version of reality TV Fazenda de Verão broadcast by Rede Record .
Luca Brecel ( born 8 March 1995 in Dilsen - Stokkem ) is a professional Belgian snooker player .
Robert A. Siegel ( 1913 - -1993 ) , of New York City , was an auctioneer of philatelic material , particularly rare postage stamps and covers .
Hans Georg Feichtinger was born in Wiener Neustadt where he graduated from the Gymnasium and received the Matura `` summa cum laude '' in 1969 .
Elaine Princi ( born 14 December 1946 in Chambersburg , Pennsylvania ) is a contemporary American actress .
Kristy Borza ( born May 29 , 1986 in Beaver , Pennsylvania ) is an assistant coach for the University of Pittsburgh 's Division I women 's tennis team .
Martha - Bryan Allen ( also known as Martha Bryan - Allen ) , was born on April 30 , 1903 , to Bryan H. and Rebecca D. Allen of Louisville , Kentucky .
Sean Roycroft ( born 29 August 1985 in Stirling ) is a Scottish professional footballer , who is currently without a club .
Davor Slamnig ( born 13 March 1956 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian writer and musician .
Eugeniusz Knapik ( born July 9 , 1951 in Ruda Śląska ) is a Polish pianist and composer of classical music best known for his 1980 chamber piece String Quartet No . 1 .
Roger Maris was born Roger Eugene Maras on September 10 , 1934 in Hibbing , Minnesota , later Anglicizing his last name to `` Maris '' .
Ian Christe ( born 1970 in Biel / Bienne , Switzerland ) is an author , disc jockey and the publisher of Bazillion Points Books .
Emmanuel Benbihy ( born 6 November 1969 , Paris ) is a feature - length film producer who created and launched the Cities of Love franchise starting with Paris , je t'aime and more recently New York , I Love You .
Barbara Niedernhuber ( nicknamed Babsi , born on 6 June 1974 in Berchtesgaden ) is a German luger who competed from 1994 to 2006 .
Amadou Konte ( born 13 January 1981 in Bamako ) is a Malian - French footballer who previously plays for Minyor Pernik in the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group .
Jiří Stránský ( born 12 August 1931 in Prague ) is a Czech author , playwright , translator , former political prisoner of the communist regime , and human rights advocate .
Péter Pál Pálfy ( Debrecen , 23 August 1955 ) is a Hungarian mathematician , working in algebra , more precisely in group theory and universal algebra .
Lars Lewen ( born October 7 , 1975 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish freestyle skier , specializing in ski cross and a former alpine skier .
Rudolf Seydel ( May 27 , 1835 -- December 8 , 1892 ) was a German philosopher and theologian born in Dresden .
The daughter of Donald and Claire ( Weill ) Lehman , a wealthy Jewish family , Kathy Acker was born in New York City on April 18 .
Gilberto Serembe ( Milan , 17 December 1955 ) is an Italian conductor and professor .
Mel Henke ( Chicago , August 4 , 1915 - Los Angeles , March 31 , 1979 ) was an American jazz pianist , Chicago band leader , composer , arranger and jingle writer .
She was born Anne Raven Wilkinson in New York City on November 2 , 1935 to Anne James Wilkinson and Dr. Frost Bernie Wilkinson , a dentist .
Viktor Khokhljuk ( Ukrainian : Віктор Миколайович Хохлюк ) ( born 22 March 1971 in Rovenky , Luhansk Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a former Ukrainian journalist .
Phill Niblock ( born 2 October 1933 , in Anderson , Indiana ) is a composer , filmmaker , videographer , and director of Experimental Intermedia , a foundation for avant - garde music based in New York with a parallel branch in Ghent , Belgium .
Bárbara Rebolledo Aguirre ( born in Talca on 22 January 1973 ) is a Chilean television presenter .
Pier Francesco Fiorentino ( Florence , 1444/1445 -- after 1497 ) , was a 15th - century painter , active in San Gimignano for much of his mature life , depicting religious - themed subjects .
Sébastien Pérez ( born 24 November 1973 in Saint - Chamond , Loire ) is a French professional football player who started his career for AS Saint - Étienne as a central midfielder .
Oppian ( Ancient Greek : Ὀππιανός , Oppianós ; Latin : Oppianus ) , also known as Oppian of Anazarbus , of Corycus , or of Cilicia , was a 2nd - century Greco - Roman poet during the reign of the emperors Marcus Aurelius and Commodus .
Alex Napa ( born 23 February 1976 in Rarotonga ) in Cook Islands is a footballer and manager , who plays as a Defender .
Bleibtreu was born during his family 's refuge in Marseille from wartime bombing , Marcel Bleibtreu became a radical thinker as a child .
June Wilkinson ( born 27 March 1940 in Eastbourne ) is an English model and actress , known for her appearances in Playboy magazine and in films of the 1960s .
Spock 's mixed human - Vulcan heritage serves as an important plot element in many of the character 's appearances .
Francesco Mazzaferro ( born 1940 in Gioiosa Ionica ) , also known as Ciccio , is an Italian criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta in Calabria .
Tom Curle ( born 3 March 1986 , Bristol ) is a former English professional footballer .
Born on 15 July 1897 in Evansville , Indiana , Charlie Wiggins was the son of a coal miner .
Perry Blake ( born May 10 , 1970 ) is an Irish singer and songwriter from Sligo , known for the delicate , downtempo , melancholic style of his songs and his soft singing voice .
Vishnu Prabhakar was born on 21 June 1912 , in the Miranpur village of Muzaffarnagar district in Uttar Pradesh .
Nathaniel James Speas , known as Nate James , ( born 15 September 1979 , Lakenheath ) is a British singer - songwriter .
Adrián Annus ( born 28 June 1973 in Szeged ) is a Hungarian hammer thrower , who was stripped of his gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens for a doping violation in a highly publicized scandal .
Béla Fleck was born in New York City , and is named after Hungarian composer Béla Bartók , Austrian composer Anton Webern and Czech composer Leoš Janáček .
Shimonovitch ( later David Shimoni ) was born in Babruysk in Belarus ( then part of the Russian Empire ) to Nissim Shimonovitch and Malka Fridland Although he lived in Ottoman Palestine for a year in 1909 , he did not immigrate to British - administered Palestine until 1920 .
Simon Law ( born 28 May 1961 , Luton , England ) is a producer , keyboardist and songwriter for Soul II Soul .
Juliano Mineiro Fernandes ( born 14 February 1986 in Rio de Janeiro ) , simply known as Juliano Mineiro or formerly Juliano , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Kashiwa Reysol .
Ditte Kotzian ( born 9 March 1979 , in Berlin ) is a German diver .
Mamnoon Hussain hails from an Urdu - speaking family of shoe traders and was born in Agra , UP during the British rule .
Henry Ernest , Count of Stolberg ( 20 July 1593 in Schwarza -- 4 April 1672 in Ilsenburg ) was a German nobleman .
Sieglinde Hofmann ( born 14 March 1945 in Bad Königshofen , Lower Franconia ) was a militant and member of both the Socialist Patients ' Collective and the Red Army Faction .
Dagmar Neubauer , née Rübsam ( born 3 June 1962 in Suhl ) is a retired German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres .
Massimo Mazzucco ( born 20 July 1954 in Turin ) is an Italian filmmaker who is known for producing documentary films such as The New American Century and Cancer -The Forbidden Cures .
Eckhard Leue ( born March 20 , 1958 in Magdeburg ) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Kawahara Keiga ( Japanese : 川原慶賀 , also known as Taguchi Takumi or Toyosuke , Nagasaki , 1786 - -1860 ? ) was a late Edo period Japanese painter of objects , social scenes , landscapes and portraits at the Dutch Factory of Dejima , and at Edo , Kyoto and Nagasaki .
Alan Gane ( born 11 June 1950 in Chiswick , England ) is an English former amateur footballer and manager .
Carl Gustaf Ekman was born in Munktorp ( now Köping Municipality ) in Västmanland County to farmer and soldier Carl Ekman and Josefina Säfström .
William Steel Creighton ( April 3 , 1902 , Philadelphia -- July 23 , 1973 , Alexandria Bay ) was an American myrmecologist and taxonomist .
Pearce Quigley ( born in Salford , Lancashire , England ) is an English actor of the stage and screen .
Ernest Francillon ( born 10 July 1834 in Lausanne ) , was the Swiss manager of Longines watches and an entrepreneur .
Shirley Winters ( born February 27 , 1958 ) is a convicted murderer and arsonist from upstate New York .
Niels Kerstholt ( Utrecht , April 2 , 1983 ) is a Dutch Short track speed skater .
Davi José Silva do Nascimento , or simply Davi ( born 10 March 1984 in Fortaleza ) , is a Brazilian striker .
Barry Greenstein ( born December 30 , 1954 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American professional poker player .
Abbas Bayat ( Persian : عباس بيات‎ , born 14 July 1947 in Tehran ) is an Iranian businessman .
Wong Yim Kwan ( Chinese : 黃炎堃 ; Jyutping : wong4 jim4 kwan1 ; born 1 August 1992 in Hong Kong ) , is a Hong Kong footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Sun Pegasus .
Mohammad Samimi ( Persian : محمد صمیمی ‎ , born 29 March 1987 in Shahrekord ) is an Iranian discus thrower .
Will Saul ( born 1978 , Glastonbury , England ) is a DJ , music producer and the founder of Simple Records and Aus Music ( in that order ) .
Evelyne Elien ( born March 24 , 1964 in Basse - Terre , Guadeloupe ) is a former French athlete who specialised in the 400 meters .
Iñigo Landaluze Intxaurraga ( born May 9 , 1977 in Getxo , Basque Country ) is a professional road bicycle racer , currently under suspension .
Edward Victor ( born 1887 in England - 17 April 1964 ) , born Edward Neuschwander was a notable stage magician .
Iva Bittová was born on 22 July 1958 in the town of Bruntál , Czech Silesia , in what was then the Republic of Czechoslovakia .
Alfred Clive Hulme was born in the city of Dunedin , New Zealand , to a clerk and his wife .
Emma Nevada was born in Alpha , California to Maria O'Boy Wixom and Dr. William Wallace Wixom , who was the physician for the gold mine camp there .
Dan Sperber ( born June 20 , 1942 , Cagnes - sur - Mer ) is a French social and cognitive scientist .
Jóbson Leandro Pereira de Oliveira ( born 15 February 1988 in Conceição do Araguaia ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas .
Martyn Rogers ( born in Bristol ) is an ex - professional footballer .
Diao Yinan ( Chinese : 刁亦男 ; pinyin : Diāo Yìnán ; born 1969 in Xi'an , Shaanxi ) is a Chinese director , screenwriter and occasional actor .
Jean Balue ( c. 1421 -- October 5 , 1491 ) was a French cardinal and minister of Louis XI . He was born of very humble parentage at Angles - sur - l'Anglin in Poitou , and was first patronized by the bishop of Poitiers .
Corentin de Chatelperron , born in Vannes in 1983 , is a French engineer , adventurist and manager of the `` Gold of Bengal '' project .
Juan Manuel Gárate Cepa ( born 24 April 1976 in Irun ) is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist , who last rode for the Belkin Pro Cycling team .
P. Bhaskaran was born on 21 April 1924 in Kodungallur , Thrissur district .
Carlo D'Este ( born 1938 in Oakland , California ) is an American military historian and biographer , author of several books , especially on World War II . He is a retired U.S. Army Lieutenant Colonel .
Fred Callaghan ( born 19 December 1944 ) is a former footballer who played as a left back in the Football League during the 1960s and 1970s , primarily with Fulham , for whom he made almost 300 league appearances .
George Alec Effinger ( January 10 , 1947 -- April 27 , 2002 ) was an American science fiction author , born in Cleveland , Ohio .
Judy Nerat was born Judith Kaczmarczyk to Leo and Irene Kaczmarczyk in Daggett , Michigan , located in Menominee County on August 12 , 1948 .
Helen Weaver ( born 1931 , Madison , Wisconsin ) is an American writer and translator .
Kateřina Jacques was born Kateřina Pajerová in the central Bohemian town of Mělník .
Romuald Hazoumè ( born 1962 in Porto Novo ) is an artist from the Republic of Bénin , best known for his work La Bouche du Roi , a reworking of the 1789 image of the slave ship Brookes .
Błażej Augustyn ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈbwaʐɛj au̯ˈɡustɨn ) ; born 26 January 1988 in Strzelin ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Scottish club Heart of Midlothian .
Laurent de Palmas ( born 29 October 1977 in Miramas , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur ) is a French retired footballer who played as either a right or left back .
Constantinos Zarnas ( born 17 November 1989 ) is a Cypriot footballer who previously played for Aris Limassol .
Rodney Jack ( born 18 September 1972 in Kingstown , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines ) is a professional football player from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
Tanguturi Prakasam Pantulu ( 23 August 1872 -- 20 May 1957 ) was an Indian politician and freedom fighter , chief minister of the Madras Presidency , and subsequently became the first chief minister of the new Andhra state , created by the partition of Madras State along linguistic lines .
Kevin Kash is a Brooklyn - born actor who has appeared in various film , television , and theater roles .
Marianne Nölle ( born 1938 ) is a German serial killer from Cologne .
Esther Ouwehand ( born June 10 , 1976 in Katwijk ) is a Dutch politician and former marketing manager .
Zhang Wentao ( Chinese : 张文涛 ; born 14 April 1993 in Guizhou ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai Shenxin in the Chinese Super League .
Massimiliano Giornetti ( born 29 October 1971 in Carrara ) is an Italian fashion designer and currently the creative director at Salvatore Ferragamo .
Bengali - Fodé Koita ( born 21 October 1990 in Paris ) is a French professional football player of Guinean origin who plays for Kasımpaşa .
Hussain Rasheed Ahmed ( Arabic : حسين رشيد أحمد‎ ; born March 18 , 1957 ) is a Maldivian Sunni Islamic scholar ( Shaafi'ee school of belief ) and political leader in Republic of the Maldives .
Janusz Pekowski ( born 22 November 1945 in Golub - Dobrzyń ) is a Polish football player and coach .
Tong Tekong ( Chinese : 唐德剛 ; pinyin : Táng Dégāng ; 23 August 1920 in Anhui province , China - 26 October 2009 ) was a historian , academic and an author .
Born Alexander Gordon Jump , in Dayton , Ohio , Jump graduated from Otterbein College in Westerville , Ohio , in 1955 .
Herbert W. Franke ( born 14 May 1927 in Vienna ) is an Austrian scientist and writer .
Stefano di Battista ( born February 14 , 1969 in Rome ) is an Italian jazz saxophonist who plays soprano and alto .
Moses Sofer was born in Frankfurt am Main , on September 24 , 1762 , during the Seven Years ' War .
Roberto Nascimento dos Santos ( born 5 September 1987 in Maceió ) , commonly known as Roberto Pítio , is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Noroeste .
Paul Ehrenfest was born and grew up in Vienna in a Jewish family from Loštice in Moravia .
Jim Novy , whose birthname was Shimeon Novodvorsky , grew up in Knyszyn , Poland .
Kent Benson attended New Castle Chrysler High School , located in New Castle , Indiana , home of the New Castle Trojans .
James Carlile ( 1784 -- 1854 ) was a Scottish clergyman from Paisley .
Apolinário Paquete ( born 1968 in Luanda ) , is an Angolan basketball coach .
Cecil Kellaway was born on 22 August 1890 in Cape Town , South Africa , where he gained an early interest in theatre acting , much to the displeasure of his parents .
Wayne Peterson ( born September 3 , 1927 in Albert Lea , MN ) is a Pulitzer Prize -- winning composer , pianist and educator .
John Fremont Hill ( October 29 , 1855 in Eliot , Maine -- March 16 , 1912 ) was an American capitalist and politician .
Olisa Agbakoba , OON , SAN was born on 29 May 1953 to Chief Justice Godfrey Ubaka and Mrs Phina Agbakoba in Jos .
Leona Helmsley was born Lena Mindy Rosenthal in Marbletown , New York , to Polish Jewish immigrants , Ida ( née Popkin ) , a homemaker , and Morris Rosenthal , a hatmaker .
Nancy Grace was born in Macon , Georgia , the youngest of three children , to factory worker Elizabeth Grace and Mac Grace , a freight agent for Southern Railway .
Daniel Sully was born on September 6 , 1855 , at Providence , Rhode Island .
Evans Carlson was born on 26 February 1896 in Sidney , New York , the son of a Congregationalist minister .
Gualtiero Jacopetti was born in Barga , in Northern Tuscany , in 1919 .
Esther Schweins ( born 18 April 1970 in Oberhausen ) is a German actress and comedian who became famous through her appearances on the RTL Samstag Nacht show for which she won the Bayerischer Fernsehpreis in 1994 .
Daniel Roby ( born October 25 , 1970 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian film director and cinematographer .
Jean Talon was born in Châlons - en - Champagne to Philippe Talon and Anne Marie de Bury on January 8 , 1626 .
Karim Ghazi ( born January 6 , 1979 in Algiers ) ( Arabic : كريم غازي‎ ) is an Algerian footballer .
Toomas Vitsut ( born January 1 , 1960 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian politician , the Chairman of the City Council of Tallinn since 2005 .
Charlene Drew Jarvis ( born July 31 , 1941 in Washington , D.C. , as Charlene Rosella Drew ) is an American educator and former scientific researcher and politician who served as the president of Southeastern University until March 31 , 2009 .
Richard Galliano ( born December 12 , 1950 , Cannes , Alpes - Maritimes ) is a French accordionist .
José Iván Gutiérrez Palacios ( born 27 November 1978 in Hinojedo , Suances , Cantabria ) is a Spanish professional former road bicycle racer .
David Sias ( born June 2 , 1987 in Fountain Valley , California ) is an American soccer player , currently without a club .
Dasha Kapustina ( Vladivostok , December 13 , 1989 ) is a Russian model .
Barbara D'Amato ( born April 10 , 1938 in Grand Rapids , Michigan ) is an American mystery author and winner of the Agatha and Anthony Award .
Chris Manak , better known by his stage name Peanut Butter Wolf , is an American disc jockey and producer from San Jose , California .
Martin Havelka ( born 10 July 1958 , Karlovy Vary ) is Czech actor .
Rıdvan Dilmen ( born on 15 August 1962 in Nazilli ) is a former Turkish footballer who most notably played for Fenerbahçe and the Turkish national football team .
Hajro Ulqinaku is an Albanian writer from Ulcinj , Montenegro .
Lynn Margulis was born in Chicago , to a Jewish , Zionist family .
Jorge Manuel ( born July 19 , 1980 ) is a Cuban - American fashion designer based in Miami .
Jürgen Kehrer was born in Essen in the Ruhr region and lived in this very metropolitan part of North Rhine - Westphalia until he moved eventually to the Münster region , which is coined by agriculture .
Born in Ingolstadt , Joseph Schröffer studied at the seminary in Eichstätt and the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome before being ordained to the priesthood on October 28 , 1928 .
Angela Bambace was born in Santos , Brazil , to Giuseppina Calabrese and Antonio Bambace , immigrants from Leonforte , Sicily and Cannitello , Calabria , respectively , who had settled in Santos , Brazil .
Luis Alberto Hernández made his league debut in the Torneo Descentralizado in the 1998 season with Alianza Lima , making 8 appearances in that season .
Sandra Cacic ( born September 10 , 1974 in Joliet , Illinois ) is a retired professional American tennis player .
Giorgi Makaridze ( Georgian : გიორგი მაკარიძე ; born 31 March 1990 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian footballer .
Marek Biliński ( born 17 May 1953 in Szczecin ) is a Polish composer of electronic music .
Arshag Chobanian was born in the Beşiktaş district of Constantinople to an Armenian family whose origins go back to the village of Agn ( Kemaliye ) .
Steve Jameson was born in 1973 at Fort Knox , Kentucky , USA , and grew up in nearby Elizabethtown ; he was the oldest of seven children of parents Hugh Jameson and Mary Jo Jameson .
Arvid Adolf Etholén , or Adolf Karlovich Etolin ( Russian : Адольф Карлович Этолин ) ( January 9 , 1799 Helsinki - March 29 , 1876 Elimäki ) was a naval officer , explorer and administrator in the Russian Empire who was employed by the Russian - American Company .
Saia Fainga'a was born in Queanbeyan , New South Wales , and started playing rugby union at the age of 11 or 12 at the Queanbeyan club .
Nicholas Cook ( born 5 June 1950 ) is a British musicologist and writer born in Athens , Greece .
Lada Dance , born Lada Volkova in Kaliningrad on September 11 , 1969 , is a popular Russian jazz and dance music singer .
Yovanna ( born Ιωάννα Φάσσου Καλπαξή -- Ioanna Fassou Kalpaxi , 1940 , Amaliada ) is a Greek singer and writer , known for her participation on behalf of Switzerland in the 1965 Eurovision Song Contest .
Clennyson do Nascimento or simply Xaves ( born February 27 , 1986 in Balsas ) , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder for Ponte Preta .
Benjamín Rojas Pessi ( born April 16 , 1985 in La Plata ) is an Argentinian actor , singer , musician and former occasional model .
Hovhannes Galstyan ( Armenian : Հովհաննես Գալստյան , born 12 December 1969 , Yerevan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian film director , writer and producer .
Agesipolis III ( Greek : Ἀγησίπολις Γʹ ) was the 31st and last of the kings of the Agiad dynasty in ancient Sparta .
Pedro Paulo Bruno was born on October 14 , 1888 at his family home on the Paquetá Island .
Mariza Koch was born in Athens in 1944 but lived in her mother 's hometown in Santorini from a young age .
Ernesto Lomasti was born in Udine but spent his early life in Pontebba and Tarvisio , where he attended the local school .
Carlo Milanuzzi was born in Santa Natoglia , or Esanatoglia in the Marche region , to Milanuzzo and donna Felice , probably around 1590 , but not after 1592 , the starting - date of the Baptismal Books of the town , in which no documentation of his birth has been found .
Derek Hodge was born on October 5 , 1941 , on the island of Saint Croix to parents , Rexford Hodge and Enid Kettle Hodge .
Frederik Wiedmann , born 1981 in Stuttgart , is a German composer .
Educated at Finedon Mulso Secondary Modern School on Wellingborough Road , Finedon ( now a Junior School ) , Brian Binley joined the Conservative Party in 1959 .
Yevgeni Urbansky ( Russian : Евгений Яковлевич Урбанский ; born February 27 , 1932 in Moscow , Russia -- November 5 , 1965 ) was a prominent Soviet Russian actor .
Michal David ( born Vladimír Štancl , 14 July 1960 , Prague ) is a Czech pop - singer , songwriter and producer .
Piet Hein Donner studied Law at the Free University of Amsterdam , obtaining a degree in 1974 .
Viktor Ruban ( born 24 May 1981 in Kharkiv , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is an Olympic gold medal winning former world number one Ukrainian archer .
Aloke Sharad Panday also known as Chikki Panday is an Indian businessman & entrepreneur based in Mumbai , Maharashtra .
Héni Kechi ( born August 31 , 1980 in Djerba ) is a French track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles .
Hermann Frommherz was born in Waldshut , in the Baden region of Germany near the Swiss border .
Didier Thimothée ( born June 25 , 1970 in Paris ) is a French footballer who played on the professional level for French Ligue 1 clubs Caen , Saint - Etienne , Montpellier and Chateauroux during the period of 1990 - -2001 .
Nils Peter Hamberg ( 4 November 1815 in Stockholm -- 13 February 1902 ) was a Swedish pharmacist and physician .
Luciano Ratinho ( born 18 October 1979 in Ribeirão Preto ) or Luciano Ferreira Gabriel is a Brazilian footballer .
Radomir Todorov ( Bulgarian : Радомир Тодоров ; born 11 August 1980 in Varna ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Spartak Varna .
Glenn Danzig ( born Glenn Allen Anzalone ; June 23 , 1955 ) is an American singer , songwriter and musician from Lodi , New Jersey .
Anna Kristina Kallin - Häggblom ( born 6 December 1953 in Umeå , dead 25 August 2004 in Gothenburg ( aged 50 ) ( due to illness ) ) was a Swedish singer and actress .
Ota Zaremba ( born 22 April 1957 in Havířov ) is a Czechoslovak weightlifter , Olympic champion and world champion .
Gustav Adolf Nosske ( born 29 December 1902 in Halle ( Saale ) -- died 1990 ) was a German lawyer and SS - Obersturmbannführer .
Adolph Ferdinand Duflos ( 2 February 1802 , Artenay -- 9 October 1889 , Annaberg ) was a French - born , German pharmacist and chemist .
Fabio Digenti ( born 6 March 1983 in Zürich ) is a Swiss football player .
Born as María del Pilar Velázquez Llorente in Madrid , she made her debut in 1964 at the Teatro Español , with the drama Caminos de Damasco .
Heinrich Blum ( name sometimes written in Czechized form Jindřich Blum ) ( January 16 , 1884 , in Soběšice , today part of Brno -- 1942 ) was a Czech architect .
Paolo Bolpagni ( born 1979 in Brescia ) is an Italian art historian , critic and curator .
Natalia Valeeva ( born November 15 , 1969 in Tîrnauca , Transnistria ) is a naturalized Italian archer .
Born Randy Wayne Frederick , Randy Wayne was born and raised in Moore , Oklahoma .
Henrietta Vinton Davis was born in Baltimore to musician Mansfield Vinton and Mary Ann ( Johnson ) Davis .
Rutger Backe ( born January 14 , 1951 ) is a Swedish football player , Falkenberg .
Momar Bangoura ( born 24 February 1994 in Dakar ) is a French footballer of Senegalese and Guinean origin , who is signed to Swindon Town in League One .
Derek Jeffries ( born 22 March 1951 in Longsight , Manchester , England ) is an English former footballer .
John Grayburn was born on 30 January 1918 on Manora Island , India , the son of Lionel Markham and Gertrude Grayburn .
Lindsay Daen was born in Dunedin , New Zealand in 1923 of Australian parents .
Allan Saint - Maximin ( born 12 March 1997 in Châtenay - Malabry ) is a French footballer who currently plays for Hannover 96 on loan from Monaco , as a winger .
John Albert Taylor was born in Ogden , Utah to Albert and Gaylene Taylor , who separated during his infancy .
Abdul Baten Mojumdar Komol ( born 2 August 1987 ) is a Bangladeshi international footballer who plays as a striker for Mohammedan Sporting Club and the Bangladesh national football team .
Shannon Leto was born in Bossier City , Louisiana , to Constance Leto ( née Metrejon ) .
Thorstein Helstad ( born 28 April 1977 in Hamar ) is a retired Norwegian footballer
Sir Roger Gaskell Hetherington CB , OBE ( 10 February 1876 , in Sherborne -- 1952 ) was a British civil engineer and civil servant .
Peter the Hermit ( also known as Cucupeter , Little Peter or Peter of Amiens ; c. 1050 -- 8 July 1115 ) was a priest of Amiens and a key figure during the First Crusade .
Born in Garryvacum in County Laois , Ireland , Kivas Tully was the son of John P. Tully , a lieutenant in the Royal Navy , and Alicia Willington .
Mehrab Ghasem Khani ( Persian : مهراب قاسم‌خانی‎ , born 7 December 1970 in Tehran ) is an Iranian film writer .
Brett Maluwelmeng ( born February 19 , 1985 in Sioux City , Iowa , United States ) is a Guam professional footballer and football manager .
Max Simeoni ( born August 28 , 1929 in Lozzi ) , is a Corsican physician and politician .
Mary Kate Wiles ( born in Fayetteville , Arkansas in 28 March 1987 ) is an American film and web series actress .
Rahman Dadman ( Persian : رحمان دادمان‎‎ ) was an Iranian politician born in Ardabil .
Wu Dingmao ( Chinese : 吴丁卯 ; born 13 April 1987 in Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Guizhou Renhe .
Janos Galambos ( Galambos János in Hungarian , Born Zirc , Hungary , 1 September 1940 ) is a mathematician affiliated with Temple University in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA .
Corretjer ( birth name : Juan Antonio Corretjer Montes ) was born in Ciales , Puerto Rico , into a politically active pro - independence family .
Daniel Alomía Robles ( 3 January 1871 -- 17 July 1942 ) born in Huánuco , was a Peruvian composer and ethnomusicologist .
Chieli Minucci ( born in April 17 , 1958 in Huntington , New York ) is an American adult contemporary , smooth jazz guitarist , composer , music producer , and arranger of Italian descent .
Wood was born in Long Beach , California , the son of Donna Wood , a finance professional , and Thomas Mills Wood , Sr . , a variety performer and accountant .
David McGuire ( born 27 September 1980 in Bellshill ) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays for junior club Lanark United .
Caroline Brunet ( born March 20 , 1969 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is a Canadian sprint kayaker who competed from the late 1980s to 2004 .
Edward Maria Wingfield , sometimes hyphenated as Edward - Maria Wingfield ( born 1550 , Stonely Priory , near Kimbolton -- died 1631 ) was a soldier , Member of Parliament , ( 1593 ) and English colonist in America .
Alain Casanova ( born 18 September 1961 in Clermont - Ferrand ) is a football former goalkeeper and manager .
Phil Barney ( real name : Philippe Baranés , born February 2 , 1957 in Annaba , Algeria ) is a French singer - songwriter .
Claude Poirier ( born October 26 , 1938 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a negotiator and crime reporter for the Quebec - based Canadian French - language television network TVA .
Bert Hardy rose from humble working class origins in Blackfriars .
Madeline Hurlock ( December 12 , 1899 -- April 4 , 1989 ) was a silent film actress , hailing from Federalsburg , Maryland .
Piero Milesi ( Milan , 1953 ; Levanto , 2011 ) was an Italian musician , composer , and music arranger .
Meta von Salis was born in 1855 on her family 's estate , Marschlins Castle , in Igis , Graubünden .
Harald Lindberg ( 2 November 1871 , Helsinki -- 13 March 1963 , Helsinki ) was a Finnish botanist of Swedish parentage .
Patricia Conde Galindo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( paˈtɾiθja konde ) ; Valladolid , 5 October 1979 ) is a Spanish actress , comedian , TV presenter and model .
Mikhail Mamiashvili ( born 1963 in Konotop , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Russian wrestler of Georgian origin .
Salvatore Lo Piccolo ( born in Palermo , July 20 , 1942 ) , also known as the Baron ( il Barone ) , is a Sicilian mafioso and one of the most powerful bosses of Palermo , Sicily .
Diego de Borica y Retegui was born in Vitoria - Gasteiz to a family holding ties with the one of Fermin Lasuén .
Jean Paul was born at Wunsiedel , in the Fichtelgebirge mountains ( Franconia ) .
Chad Deering ( born September 2 , 1970 , in Garland , Texas ) is a retired American soccer player .
Oswald Spengler was born in 1880 in Blankenburg ( the Duchy of Brunswick , the German Reich ) as the second child of Bernhard ( 1844 - -1901 ) and Pauline ( 1840 - -1910 ) Spengler .
Chris Wherry ( born 1973 ) is a professional road racing cyclist from Boulder , Colorado .
Richard E. Council ( born October 1 , 1947 in Tampa , Florida ) , sometimes credited as Richard Council , is an American film , television and stage actor .
František Patočka ( October 22 , 1904 , Turnov -- March 14 , 1985 , Prague ) was a Czech microbiologist and serologist .
Heiko Scholz ( born 7 January 1966 at Görlitz ) is a former German footballer who is now manager of Lokomotive Leipzig .
Melissa Mueller ( born November 16 , 1972 in Waukesha , Wisconsin ) is an American pole vaulter .
Justin Godart was born into a working - class family in Lyon on November 26 , 1871 .
Deirdre Cash was born in Melbourne into an Irish - Australian Catholic family .
Witold Zalewski ( 4 January 1921 in Siedlce - 2009 ) is a Polish writer , publicist and prosaist .
Robina Williams ( born in a small village in Cheshire ) is an English author .
James B. McClintock ( born Ann Arbor , MI ) is an American professor of biology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and studies various aspects of marine biology in Antarctica .
Jair Marrufo ( born June 7 , 1977 in El Paso , Texas ) is an American soccer referee of Mexican descent .
Víctor Hugo García Hernández ( born 11 June 1994 in Cúa ) is a right footed Venezuelan footballer who plays as defender in F.C. Porto B.
Kristijan Đorđević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кристијан Ђорђевић ; born 6 January 1976 in Spaichingen , West Germany ) is a retired Serbian footballer .
Oh Takbeon was born July 3 , 1943 , in Jecheon , Chungcheongbuk - do , Korea .
Aashiq Abu was born in Edappally , Kerala to C. M. Abu , and Jameela Abu .
Alberto Ongarato ( born 24 July 1975 in Padua ) is an Italian road racing cyclist , who rode most recently for Vacansoleil - DCM .
Georges Jacob ( Cheny , Burgundy , 6 July 1739 -- 1814 , master 1765 ) was one of the two most prominent Parisian master menuisiers , producing carved , painted and gilded beds and seat furniture and upholstery work for the French royal châteaux , in the early Neoclassical style that is usually associated with Louis XVI .
Takashi Koizumi ( 小泉堯史 Koizumi Takashi ) ( November 6 , 1944 , Mito ) is a Japanese film director .
Aled Haydn Jones ( born 9 August 1976 in Aberystwyth , Wales ) is a Welsh radio editor , presenter and former radio producer .
Martin Aigner ( born February 28 , 1942 in Linz ) is an Austrian mathematician , professor at Freie Universität Berlin since 1974 , with interests in combinatorial mathematics and graph theory .
Leon Glass was born in Brooklyn , NY where he attended Erasmus Hall High School ( Class of 1959 ) and majored in Chemistry at Brooklyn College ( Class of 1963 ) .
Helena Javornik ( born 26 March 1966 , in Celje ) is a Slovenian long - distance runner who has specialized in all distances from 1500 metres to the marathon race .
Herbert Bentwich ( originally Bentwitch ) ( 1856 , Whitechapel -- 1932 , Jerusalem ) was a British Zionist leader and lawyer .
Željko Cupan ( born 30 December 1963 , in Zagreb ) is a former Croatian football player .
Nicola Cornick ( b. Yorkshire , England ) is a British writer of historical romance novels since 1998 and a historian specialising in public history .
Michael Manring ( born June 27 , 1960 in Annapolis ) is an American bass guitarist from the San Francisco Bay Area , ( Northern California ) .
SS - Oberführer Ernst Boepple ( November 30 , 1887 , Betzingen -- December 15 , 1950 ) was a Nazi official , serving as deputy to Josef Bühler in occupied Poland during World War II and the Holocaust .
Simone de ' Prodenzani ( Orvieto , b. 1351 ? d. 1433 - -8 ) , also spelled Prudenzani , was an Italian poet known for his narrative stories in the form of sonnets and ballades .
Constantin Werner ( born Constantin Werner von Siemens , January 3 , 1969 , Erlangen ) is a German writer , director and producer of film , TV , theater and music videos .
David Wagenfuhr ( born June 22 , 1982 in Colorado Springs , Colorado ) was an American soccer player , who retired at the age of 26 due to injury .
Lindsay Frimodt ( born March 28 , 1981 in Sacramento , California ) is an American model who appeared in the annual Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show in 2002 and 2003 .
Ariel Marcus Rosenberg ( born June 24 , 1978 ) , better known by his stage name Ariel Pink , is an American singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , and record producer based in Los Angeles , California .
Yannis Pappas is a Greek - American comedian born and raised in Park Slope Brooklyn , New York .
Baruch Elron ( Barbu Teodorescu ) was born in Bucharest , in a family of Sephardic Jews .
John McEntire ( born April 9 , 1970 in Portland , Oregon ) is an American recording engineer , drummer and multi - instrumentalist based in Chicago .
Volker Stelzmann ( born Dresden 5 November 1940 ) is a German Painter and Graphic artist .
Byambasuren Davaa , really Davaagiin Byambasüren ( Mongolian : Даваагийн Бямбасүрэн ; born 1971 in Ulaanbaatar ) , is a Mongolian film maker currently residing in Germany .
Mahir Yağcılar ( Serbo - Croat : Mahir Jagčular ) ( born 6 May 1961 in Prizren , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Turkish Kosovar politician and the president of Turkish nationalist and conservative Turkish Democratic Party of Kosovo ( KDTP ) .
Thomas Houseago ( b. 1972 in Leeds , Great Britain ) is a contemporary visual artist .
Herself the youngest daughter of Charles Cannan , the Dean of Trinity College , Oxford and secretary to the Delegates of Oxford University Press , and Mary Wedderburn , also a cousin of Gilbert Cannan , it is perhaps for her children that Joanna Cannan is best known .
Jean - Baptiste Monge ( born June 11 , 1971 in Nantes ) is a French fantasy author and illustrator .
Marianne Csaky ( born in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian writer and sculptor .
Anastasia Vyaltseva was born on 1 March 1871 , in Altukhovo sloboda near Trubchevsk ( formerly of the Oryol Governorate , now the Navlinsky region of Bryansk Governorate ) .
Giovanni Battista Crespi ( 23 December 1573 -- 23 October 1632 ) , called Il Cerano , was an Italian painter , sculptor , and architect ,
Aaron Fotheringham ( born November 8 , 1991 in Las Vegas , Nevada ) is an extreme wheelchair athlete who performs tricks adapted from skateboarding and BMX .
Zefferino Tomè ( 1905 , Casarsa della Delizia - 1979 ) was an Italian lawyer , partisan ( during the Second World War ) and politician .
Born at Portsmouth , the son of a vice admiral , Charles Hardy joined the Royal Navy as a volunteer in 1731 .
Litokwa Tomeing was born on Wotje Atoll , in the Japanese administered Marshall Islands , on October 14 , 1939 .
Stanley Williams was born December 29 , 1953 in Shreveport , Louisiana to a 17-year - old mother .
Carlos Aponte Benítez ( Tunja , January 24 , 1939 -- August 1 , 2008 ) was a Colombian footballer .
He had an annual track and field meeting named in his honour -- the Gabriel Tiacoh meet in Abidjan .
Pierre Lechantre ( born 2 April , 1950 in Lille , Nord ) is a French coach who won the 2000 African Cup of Nations with Cameroon .
Lamar was born at the family home of `` Fairfield , '' near Eatonton , Putnam County , Georgia , the son of Lucius Quintus Cincinnatus Lamar and Sarah Williamson Bird .
Dragan Vasiljković was born on 12 December 1954 in a Serbian Orthodox family in Belgrade .
Adriana Vacarezza Etcheverry ( born 1961 , in Santiago ) is a Chilean television and theatre actress .
Wayne Dockery ( born in Camden , New Jersey on June 26 , 1941 ) is a jazz double bassist who has worked with George Benson , Sonny Fortune , Eddie Henderson , Hal Galper , Archie Shepp , and others .
Cyprián Karásek Lvovický ( of Lvovice ) ( Czech : Cyprián Karásek Lvovický ze Lvovic , German : Cyprian von Leowitz , Latin : Cyprianus Leovitius ) ( July 8 , 1514 ? in Hradec Králové -- 1574 in Lauingen ) was a Bohemian astronomer , mathematician and astrologer .
Dax O'Callaghan ( born 2 July 1986 in London , England ) is an English singer , dancer and actor .
Angus Harrison is a British actor from Bristol , England .
Adam Rifkin ( born December 31 , 1966 in Chicago ) , sometimes credited as Rif Coogan , is an American film director , producer , actor and writer .
Giorgio Rocca ( born August 6 , 1975 , Chur , Switzerland ) is an Italian Alpine skier , a specialist in Slalom skiing .
Born in Ebeltoft , Peter Degn started his career for local amateur team Ebeltoft IF in 1994 .
Fulvio Giulio della Corgna was born in Perugia on November 19 , 1517 , the son of Francia della Corgna , a Perugian nobleman who bore the title of Duca di Corgna , and Jacopa Ciocchi del Monte .
Lawrence Blochman was born in San Diego , California to Lucien A. Blochman , a banker , and his wife Haidee Goldtree .
Bernard Thibault was born on January 2 , 1959 in the 6th arrondissement of Paris , to a family hailing from the Morvan area .
Kıvanç Tatlıtuğ ( Turkish pronunciation : ( kɯˈvantʃ ˈtatɫɯtuː ) ) ( born 27 October 1983 , Adana ) is a Turkish actor and model who has received two Golden Butterfly Awards for Best Actor .
Marcela Sadilová ( born February 26 , 1967 in Prague ) is a Czech slalom canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the late 2000s .
Lin Bolen ( born March 21 , 1941 in Benton , Illinois ) is an American television executive and producer .
Kevin Lock ( born 27 December 1953 in Plaistow , Essex ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a central defender .
Sandy Eisenberg Sasso is the first woman to have been ordained a rabbi in Reconstructionist Judaism She was ordained by the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College in Philadelphia , on May 19 , 1974 .
Bruno Junk ( September 27 , 1929 in Valga -- September 22 , 1995 in Tallinn ) was an Estonian athlete who competed mainly in walking events .
Ulrike Lunacek ( born 26 May 1957 in Krems an der Donau ) is an Austrian politician .
Born in Santa Iria de Azóia , Loures , Lisbon District , Jerónimo de Sousa was born into a humble working - class family , dominated by the right - leaning regime of António de Oliveira Salazar .
François - Xavier Berlinguet had studied wood - carving and its architectural applications with his father while growing up in the Quebec City area .
Andreas Buck ( born 29 December 1967 in Geislingen an der Steige ) is a retired German football player .
Charles B. Pierce was born in Hammond , Indiana on June 16 , 1938 , one of three boys born to Mack McKenny Pierce and Mayven Bryant Pierce .
Angely was born in Leipzig , the son of Gorges Jean Louis Angely , cantor of the French Reformed Church in Leipzig , and his wife Jeanne Marie .
Behar Berisha ( born 19 September 1991 in Lugano ) is a Swiss footballer of Albanian descent who currently plays for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga .
Pedro Herrera III ( born September 5 , 1979 in Houston , Texas ) , better known by his stage name Chingo Bling , is an American rapper and producer of Mexican descent .
Gulnora Alimova ( born in Tashkent , July 25 , 1971 ) is an Uzbekistani pianist .
Harry van Raaij ( born 29 August 1936 , Haps ) was the chairman of PSV Eindhoven , a Dutch sports club , between 1996 and 2004 .
Hilary Krzysztofiak ( born 28 October 1926 in Szopienice , now a part of Katowice , died 30 September 1979 in Falls Church , Virginia near Washington ) was a Polish painter , graphic artist and set designer .
Mireille Dansereau ( born December 19 , 1943 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian director and screenwriter who is known for `` emulating the style and approach of her aesthetic role model , John Cassavetes '' .
Cathleen Synge Morawetz ( born May 5 , 1923 in Toronto , Canada ) is a mathematician .
Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth ( April 4 , 1892 in Heidelberg -- May 6 , 1979 ) was a German astronomer .
Salvatore Esposito ( born 3 January 1948 in Torre Annunziata , Province of Naples ) is a former Italian football player from Torre Annunziata in the Province of Naples .
Juliana Knust Sampaio ( born May 29 , 1981 , in Niterói , Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian actress .
Eurosia Fabris was born to farmers Luigi and Maria Fabris on September 27 , 1866 in Quinto Vicentino , a small , agricultural area near the Italian town of Vicenza .
Ion Dosca ( born January 2 , 1955 in Bucovăţ , Moldavian SSR ) is a Moldavian Brazilian draughts player , international grandmaster since 1996 and world champion in 1999 .
Jhamak Ghimire ( born July 1980 in the village of Kachide in Dhankuta Municipality of Dhankuta district ) is a Nepali writer .
Kyteman , artist name of Colin Benders , ( born 5 December 1986 in Utrecht ) is a Dutch hip hop artist .
Kevin Christie ( born 1 April 1976 in Aberdeen ) is a Scottish footballer , who played for Aberdeen , East Fife , Motherwell , Falkirk , and Airdrie United .
Dr. Sebastian Paul ( born 1 May 1947 ) was a member of Parliament , representing Ernakulam in the 14th Lok Sabha .
Marcel Theroux was born in 1968 in Kampala , Uganda , where his American - born father Paul Theroux was teaching at Makerere University .
Paul Oppenheim ( June 17 , 1885 in Frankfurt am Main - June 22 , 1977 ) was a German chemist , philosopher , independent scholar and industrialist .
Maurice Valency was educated in New York City , getting a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1923 at City College , and at Columbia University getting a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1927 ( Valency was a member of the New York bar ) , and a Ph.D. in 1938 .
Enoch Heinrich Kisch ( May 6 , 1841 - 1918 ) was an Austrian balneologist and gynecologist born in Prague .
Marcel Azzola ( born 10 July 1927 in Paris ) is a French accordionist of Italian descent , his mother was from Valbondione and his father was from Pradalunga .
Willem Bartsius ( 1612 , Enkhuizen -- 1657 , Enkhuizen ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Luo Zuqing ( Chinese : 罗足庆 ; born 27 April 1993 in Meizhou ) is a Chinese professional football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Henan Jianye .
Luke Steyn ( born June 7 , 1993 in Harare ) is a Zimbabwean alpine skier who has competed since 2008 .
Stanisław Wigura ( 9 April 1903 - 11 September 1932 ) was a Polish aircraft designer and aviator , co - founder of the RWD aircraft construction team and lecturer at the Warsaw University of Technology .
Lucia Newman ( born February 18 , 1952 in London ) is a broadcast journalist , currently working for Al Jazeera English .
Hazelle Goodman ( born Hazel Goodman ; February 16 , 1959 ) is an actress from Trinidad and Tobago .
Branislav Rzeszoto ( born 3 November 1975 in Žilina ) is a Slovak football Goalkeeper who currently plays for Ascoli Calcio .
Roy of Hollywood ( real name Roy Tuckman ) has produced , engineered and hosted the `` Something 's Happening '' show on Pacifica Radio station KPFK - FM in Los Angeles since 1977 .
Maria Cristina Cavalcanti de Albuquerque ( born February 1943 , in Vertentes ) is a Brazilian novelist , historian and psychiatrist .
Also known as Nicolas Clément - Desormes , he was born in Dijon .
De Hirsh Margules was born in 1899 in the Romanian city of Iași ( also known as Iasse , Jassy , or Jasse ) .
Max Brick ( born 5 July 1992 ) is an English diver who represents Southampton Diving Academy and specialises in the 10 metre platform event .
Lieutenant General Anatoly Khrulyov ( Russian : Анатолий Хрулев ; Naro - Fominsk , 3 June 1955 ) is a Russian general who was the commander of the Russian 58th Army from 2006 until his retirement in 2010 .
Giovanni Battista Monti ( died 1657 ) was an Italian painter of portraits during the Baroque period , active mainly in his natal city of Genoa .
Kate Malone ( born in 1959 in London ) is a British studio potter and judge , along with Keith Brymer Jones , on BBC2 's The Great Pottery Throw Down presented by Sara Cox .
A fifth generation musician , Richie Castellano was born in Brooklyn , New York City on February 7 , 1980 .
Peter DeMaria ( born October 24 , 1960 in Madison , New Jersey ) is an American architect and artist known for his non - conventional use of materials and construction / fabrication methodologies .
Per Anders Daun ( born 20 April 1963 in Borås , Västra Götaland ) is a Swedish former ski jumper who competed from 1980 to 1988 .
Adrienne Arsenault ( born April 24 , 1967 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a foreign correspondent with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) .
Son of Angelos Themelis , Georgios Themelis was born in 1897 in Thessaloniki .
Bibi Andersson was born as Berit Elisabeth Andersson in Kungsholmen , Stockholm , the daughter of Karin ( née Mansion ) , a social worker , and Josef Andersson , a businessman .
Frances Paige was born in Glasgow , Scotland , UK , but has lived near the Lake District , in the North West England for many years .
Asa Bird Gardiner ( September 30 , 1839 -- May 24 , 1919 ) was a controversial American soldier , attorney , and district attorney for New York County ( a.k.a . the Borough of Manhattan ) from 1898 to 1900 .
Marion Clignet ( born 21 February 1964 in Hyde Park , Chicago ) is a French former track cyclist .
Zdravko Radić ( born June 24 , 1979 in Kotor ) is a Montenegrin water polo player .
Phil Zajicek ( born 20 March 1979 ) of Eugene , Oregon , is an American ex - professional road racing cyclist who last rode professionally for the Fly V Australia Team in 2010 .
Remi Adefarasin , OBE , BSC ( born 2 February 1948 , London ) is a British cinematographer .
Alan Silva ( born Alan Treadwell da Silva , Bermuda , January 22 , 1939 ) is an American free jazz double bassist and keyboard player .
Miriam Rodón Naveira ( born April 2 , 1963 ) is an environmental scientist from San Juan , Puerto Rico , working at the federal government of the United States for which she was awarded a Silver Medal for Superior Service and a Suzanne Olive EEO and Diversity Award both by the EPA .
Holger Walter ( born September 26 , 1968 in Lauffen am Neckar ) is a German sculptor based in Karlsruhe and Berlin .
Clark Hopkins ( New York City , 16 September 1895 -- 1976 ) was an American archaeologist .
Joseph Lieutaud was born on June 21 , 1703 at 31 Rue Cardinale in Aix - en - Provence .
Lally Cadeau was born on 10 January , 1948 , in Burlington , Ontario and has been a professional actor since 1974 .
Michael Tumi ( born 12 February 1990 in Padua ) is an Italian sprinter .
Helmut Kallmeyer ( 8 October 1910 in Hamburg -- 27 September 2006 ) was a German chemist in the era of National Socialism .
Almensh Belete ( born 26 July 1989 in Addis Ababa ) is an Ethiopian - born Belgian long - distance runner .
Edgardo Codesal Méndez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eðˈɣarðo koˈðesal ) ; born 2 June 1951 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is an Uruguayan - Mexican football ( soccer ) referee , best known for supervising the final match of the 1990 World Cup held in Italy .
Yevhen Shevchenko ( Ukrainian : Євген Шевченко ; born 16 October 1987 in Dniprodzerzhynsk ) is a Ukrainian football striker .
Darko Anić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дapкo Aнић ; born 5 March 1974 in Aranđelovac ) is a retired Serbian professional football player .
João Cristino da Silva ( 14 July 1829 , Lisbon - 12 May 1877 , Lisbon ) was a Portuguese painter and illustrator in the Romantic style .
Henning Bürger ( born 16 December 1969 in Zeulenroda - Triebes ) is a former German footballer and current manager .
Prabhu Solomon hails from Neyveli , Tamil Nadu and revealed he was a regular at the town 's only cinema hall , which helped him develop an initial passion for films .
Rudolf Komorous ( born 8 December 1931 , Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech - born Canadian composer .
Elidiano Marques Lima ( born 14 March 1982 in Ibirité ) is a Brazilian football player , who plays as a right and left wingback for Oborishte in Bulgaria .
Debra Feuer is an American actress born in Las Vegas January 12 , 1959 .
Akina Shirt ( born January 18 , 1994 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a First Nations singer known for her performances in the Cree language .
Leo Watson ( February 27 , 1898 -- May 2 , 1950 ) was an American jazz vocalese singer , drummer , trombonist and tiple player born in Kansas City , Missouri , perhaps best known as a band member of The Spirits of Rhythm , which included guitarist Teddy Bunn .
Boris Pigovat ( Hebrew : בוריס פיגובט ; born 1953 in Odessa , USSR ) is an Israeli composer .
Edvard Mikaelian ( Armenian : Էդվարդ Միքայելյան , born May 25 , 1950 in Yerevan , Armenian SSR ) is a former Soviet Armenian artistic gymnast .
Born May 1 , 1925 , in Boulder , Colorado , Carpenter moved to New York City with his parents Marion Scott Carpenter and Florence ( née Noxon ) Carpenter for the first two years of his life .
Pietro Lorenzini ( born March 17 , 1989 in Parma ) is an Italian professional football player He made his Serie A debut for Parma F.C. on May 4 , 2008 in a game against Genoa C.F.C. when he came on as a substitute in the 83rd minute for Reginaldo .
Federico González Suárez ( 1844 - -1917 ) was an Ecuadorian priest , historian and politician who served as the Archbishop of Quito for twelve years .
Arkadi Nemirovski earned the Ph.D. in Mathematics ( 1974 ) from Moscow State University and the Doctor of Sciences in Mathematics ( 1990 ) from the Institute of Cybernetics of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences , Kiev .
Kurt Asche ( born 11 October 1909 in Hamburg -- May 1998 ) was SS - Obersturmführer and an officer in German - occupied Belgium .
Mohammed Diallo ( born 22 May 1983 , in Belley , France ) is a Côte d'Ivoire football player , who last played for French club FC Nantes .
Pinalla Aliprandi ( Monza , end of the 13th century - 1341 ) was an milanese commander of the 14th century .
Kalman Kahana ( Hebrew : קלמן כהנא‎ , 31 May 1910 , Brody , western Ukraine -- 20 August 1991 ) was a long - serving Israeli politician and journalist , and a signatory of the Israeli declaration of independence .
Sandra van Nieuwland ( born in Delft on February 16 , 1977 ) , also known as Sandra Newland , is a Dutch singer who gained national popularity after her participation in the third season of The Voice of Holland .
Ice Prince was born Panshak Henri Zamani in the city of Minna , Niger State , Nigeria .
Marcin `` Abradab '' Marten ( born 12 November 1978 in Katowice ) is a Polish rapper and music producer .
Cedric Boswell ( born July 21 , 1969 in Detroit , Michigan ) is a professional heavyweight boxer from the United States .
Nebojša Pavlović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Heбojшa Пaвлoвић ; born 9 April 1981 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian footballer who plays in the defensive midfield currently playing for KV Kortrijk .
Alexander van Oudenaarden was born 19 March 1970 , in Zuidland , a small town in the Dutch province of South Holland .
Stephen Kiprotich ( `` KIP - roh - tich '' , born 27 February 1989 ) is a Ugandan long - distance runner , born in Kapchorwa District .
Mary Elizabeth Hartman was born in Youngstown , Ohio , where she became known to patrons of the Youngstown Playhouse as `` Biff '' Hartman .
Born in Schwäbisch Hall , Wolfgang Gönnenwein studied music and German studies at the University of Heidelberg and the University of Tübingen .
Abebe Dinkesa Negera ( born 6 March 1984 , in Ambo ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres .
Faouzi El Brazi ( Arabic : فوزي البرازي‎ ) ( born 22 May 1977 in Berkane ) is a retired footballer .
Casey Wilson was born and raised in Alexandria , Virginia , along with her younger brother , Fletcher , a medical device engineer .
Archestratus ( Greek : Ἀρχέστρατος Archestratos ) was an Ancient Greek poet of Gela or Syracuse , in Sicily , who wrote some time in the mid 4th century BCE , and was known as `` the Daedalus of tasty dishes '' .
Mikis Theodorakis was born on the Greek island of Chios and spent his childhood years in different provincial Greek cities such as Mytilene , Cephallonia , Patras , Pyrgos , and Tripoli .
Antonio Pantojas ( born November 25 , 1948 in Río Piedras , Puerto Rico ) is an actor , comedian , dancer and a pioneer in the art of drag .
David Brainerd was born on April 20 , 1718 in Haddam , Connecticut , the son of Hezekiah , a Connecticut legislator , and Dorothy .
Mirko Cvetković was born in the small city of Zaječar in eastern Serbia on 16 August 1950 .
Jordan Jackson ( born September 19 , 1990 ) is an American soccer player from Overland Park , Kansas .
Giorgio de Stefani was born in Verona in 1904 , son of a Minister of Government .
Tom Curren ( born July 3 , 1964 , in Santa Barbara , California , United States ) is an American surfer .
Wieland Kuijken ( born Dilbeek , 31 August 1938 ) is a Belgian musician and player of the viola da gamba and baroque cello .
Danial Mousavi ( Persian : دانیال موسوی‎‎ ) is an Iranian Football Midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Iran Pro League .
Karlrobert Kreiten ( 26 June 1916 , Bonn , Rhine Province - 7 September 1943 ) was a German pianist , though holding Dutch citizenship his entire life due to his Dutch father .
Fausto Brizzi ( Rome 15 November 1968 ) is an Italian screenwriter , producer and film director .
Julie McCullough , who is of Irish descent , was born in Honolulu , Hawaii and named after a 1950s song called `` Oh Julie '' .
Jeff Cheeger ( born December 1 , 1943 , Brooklyn , New York City ) , is a mathematician .
Jeroen Appeltans ( born 27 August 1990 in Sint - Truiden ) is a professional footballer who plays for KVV Thes Sport .
Ralph Helfer ( born April 9 , 1931 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a notable American animal behaviorist , creator of Marine World / Africa USA , and writer of books about animals .
Richard Humpton ( 1733 -- 1804 ) was born in Yorkshire , England of parents Richard Humpton and Dorothy Grindall .
Paulo José Gómez de Souza ( born 20 March 1937 , Lavras do Sul , Rio Grande do Sul ) is a Brazilian television and film actor , director and narrator .
Vrčak is a Medicine student at the University of Cyril and Methodius in Skopje but chose a career in music , following the footsteps of his father .
Evgraf Fedorovich Krendovsky ( Ukrainian : Євграф Федорович Крендовський , Russian : Евграф Фёдорович Крендовский ; 1810 , Kremenchuk -- 1870s , unknown ) was a portrait , genre and interior portrait painter .
Dominique Girod ( born 1975 in Winterthur ) is a Swiss composer and bassist .
Yael Tal ( Hebrew : יעל טל , born 26 May 1983 in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli actress , whose work spans film , theater , television and voice acting for animated shows .
Umberto Tirelli was born in 1928 in Gualtieri , a town in Emilia near the River Po .
Edward Marshall Stedman , Jr. was born in Bethel , Maine on August 16 , 1874 , the son of Edward , Sr . and Eliza Putnam ( née Rice ) Stedman .
Paul Philémon Rastoul ( 1 October 1835 ; Thézan - lès - Béziers , Hérault - 1875 ) was a French physician best known for his role in the Paris Commune of 1871 .
Pierre Brizon was born on 16 May 1878 in Franchesse , Allier , to a poor farming family .
Alexandre Barroso de Oliveira ( born 2 February 1963 in Belo Horizonte ) , known as Alexandre Barroso , is a Brazilian football manager , .
Agnaldo Cordeiro Pereira , shortly Agnaldo ( born January 25 , 1975 , in Paranacity , Paraná ) is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a forward .
Stanisław Staszic was born into a burgher family in the town of Piła on 6 November 1755 , the youngest of four siblings .
Arthur Albert ( born Arturo Albert on July 9 , 1946 in Caracas , Venezuela ) is an American cinematographer and television director .
Hasan Pepić ( born 16 March 1993 in Podgorica ) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a left - winger for SSV Reutlingen .
Jim Sanborn ( born Herbert James Sanborn Jr. , November 14 , 1945 in Washington , D.C. ) is an American sculptor .
Philip Craig Russell ( born October 30 , 1951 in Wellsville , Ohio ) , also known as P. Craig Russell , is an American comic book writer , artist , and illustrator .
Johnson was born in Stockton , California , the son of Ruth Alice ( née Fairchild ) and Ernest Lamont Johnson , who was a realtor .
Robert Wertheimer ( b : Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is an award - winning writer , producer , director and executive producer of film and television productions .
Born in Kitzbühel , Austria , Peter Aufschnaiter went to high school in Kufstein .
Born in Vranje , Lazar Đorđević joined MFK Košice in summer 2013 .
Lee Dainton ( born 22 August 1973 in Pontypool , Wales ) is a professional skateboarder , daredevil and one quarter of the Dirty Sanchez crew .
Shimon Levinson was born in Jerusalem during the British Mandate era in 1933 .
Iveta Mukuchyan was born in Yerevan , Armenia ( then part of the Soviet Union ) on 14 October 1986 .
Nuno Filipe Sousa Rolão Dias Silva ( born 24 September 1976 in Castelo Branco ) , simply known as Rolão , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Atlético as a Defender ( Centre back ) .
Christa Zechmeister ( born 4 December 1957 in Berchtesgaden ) is a German former alpine skier and the youngest person ever to win a World Cup race , as well as the youngest to stand on the podium .
Lajos Kósa ( born March 14 , 1964 ) is a Hungarian economist and politician , who served as Mayor of Debrecen between 1998 and 2014 .
Olena Burkovska ( Ukrainian : Олена Бурковська ; born on 9 August 1981 in Yahotyn , Kyiv Region ) is Ukrainian long - distance runner who competes in marathons .
Daniela Malusardi ( born January 17 , 1956 in Nettuno ) is an Italian choreographer , teacher and dancer .
Heinz Kiessling studied piano , composition and conducting , after World War II at the Nuremberg Conservatory from 1949 and started his career in 1949 as a pianist and got to play in different concerts around the world .
Deborah Drever ( born August 15 , 1988 ) is a Canadian politician who was elected in the 2015 general election to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta , representing the electoral district of Calgary - Bow .
Mikko Huhtala ( born March 30 , 1952 in Lapua ) is a Finnish wrestler ( Greco - Roman style ) .
Dale Furutani ( born December 1 , 1946 , in Hilo , Hawaii ) is the first Asian American to win major mystery writing awards .
Tsai was born to Gerald Tsai Sr . and Ruth Tsai in Shanghai , where he lived as a child .
Srećko Juričić ( born 30 December 1954 in Volosko near Opatija ) is a former Croatian football player and currently sporting director in HNK Rijeka .
Elmer Truesdell Merrill ( 1860 -- 20 April 1936 ) was an American Latin scholar , born at Millville , Massachusetts .
Ksenia Gaydarzhi ( Russian : Ксения Сергеевна Гайдаржи ; born 8 February 1995 in Moscow ) is a Russian tennis player .
Walter Learning was born in 1938 in the small village of Quidi Vidi in Newfoundland .
Ian Ayre is the current chief executive officer of Liverpool Football Club .
Anto Jakovljević ( born 25 September 1962 in Banja Luka ) is a former Bosnian association footballer .
Lysimachus and his brothers grew up with the status of Macedonians ; all these brothers enjoyed with Lysimachus prominent positions in Alexander 's circle and , like him , were educated at the Macedonian court in Pella .
Mohamed Bouhizeb ( Arabic : محمد بوحيزب‎ ; born in Oran ) is a former Algerian football player .
Leo Rubinfien ( born 1953 , Chicago , Illinois ) is an American photographer and essayist .
Cédric Berthelin ( born 25 December 1976 in Courrières ) is a retired French football player who last played with Oostende in the Belgian Pro League .
Mark Hilditch ( born 20 August 1960 in Shaw and Crompton , Lancashire ) is a former English footballer who played as a striker .
Eduard Herzog ( August 1 , 1841 -- March 26 , 1924 ) was a Swiss Catholic theologian and cleric who was a native of Schongau , Canton Lucerne .
Irene Marie ( born August 22 , 1950 in Miami Beach , Florida ) is a former fashion model and founder of the eponymous South Beach model agency Irene Marie Models .
Thierry Marx was born and raised in Paris in the area of Ménilmontant .
Odilon Redon was born in Bordeaux , Aquitaine , to a prosperous family .
Afroditi Krassa ( born 1974 ) is a British Product Designer and Interior Designer and founded her own design consultancy Afroditi Krassa LTD in 2002 in London .
Thomas Dos Santos , born 13 March 1992 in Bayonne , France is a French - Portuguese professional footballer .
Tisca Chopra was born in Kasauli , Himachal Pradesh into a Punjabi family of educationists .
Peter Bernhard Wilhelm Heine , better known as Wilhelm ( or William ) Heine ( January 30 , 1827 in Dresden -- October 5 , 1885 in Lößnitz bei Dresden ) was a German - American artist , world traveller and writer .
In Sodavid ( born 2 July 1998 ) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for Phnom Penh Crown in Cambodian League .
Riad Ahmadov graduated from the Baku State University Law School with honors ( Cum Laude)in 1979 .
Riadh Sidaoui ( رياض الصيداوي ) ( born in Bou Hajla , 14 May 1967 ) is a Tunisian writer and political scientist who has a Swiss nationality .
Allama Muztar Abbasi ( Born 1931 in Murree - Died 26 February 2004 in Islamabad ) was a Pakistani Muslim scholar belonged to the Dhund Abbasi tribe of the Murree Hills Musyari and Rawalpindi District .
Susanne Wenger was born as the daughter of Swiss and Austrian parents , attended the School of Applied Arts in Graz and the Higher Graphical Federal Education and Research Institute and then studied at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alongside , among others , Herbert Boeckl .
Black Radical Mk II ( born Felix Joseph 1971 ) is a British hip hop artist from Tottenham , London , England .
Mario Tronti ( born 24 July 1931 , in Rome ) is an Italian philosopher and politician , considered as one of the founders of the theory of operaismo in the 1960s .
Wolfgang Seifen ( born 1956 , in Bergheim ) is a German organist and composer .
Saint Honestus ( Spanish : San Honesto , French : Saint Honest ) was , according to Christian tradition , a disciple of Saturninus of Toulouse and a native of Nîmes .
Karim Essediri ( Arabic : كريم السديري‎ ) ( born 29 July 1979 in Paris ) is a Tunisia former international footballer .
Born Henry Beston Sheahan in Boston , he grew up in Quincy , Massachusetts with his parents , Dr. Joseph Sheahan and Marie Louise ( Maurice ) Beston Sheahan , and brother George .
Antônio Carlos Jobim was born in the middle - class district of Tijuca in Rio de Janeiro .
Cindy Fabre ( born 26 September 1985 in Cosne - Cours - sur - Loire , Nièvre ) is a French beauty queen who has competed at the Miss Europe , Miss Universe , and Miss World pageants .
Christian Alexander ( born Christian Ivanov Ivanov , April 14 , 1990 in Athens ) is a Bulgarian - American actor , best known for his role as Kiefer Bauer on the American daytime drama General Hospital .
Harold Jarman ( born May 4 , 1939 in Bristol , England ) is a former professional footballer and first - class cricketer , who played for Bristol Rovers , Newport County and Gloucestershire County Cricket Club .
George Thorogood ( born February 24 , 1950 ) is an American musician , singer and songwriter from Wilmington , Delaware .
Artur Szpilka , who used to be a fan of Polish football team Wisła Kraków , was noticed as a potential natural boxing talent by a boxing coach during a pre - arranged brawl with fans of the opposing KS Cracovia football club outside a disco in Wieliczka .
Sergey Snegov ( Russian : Серге́й Алекса́ндрович Сне́гов ) ( 20 August 1910 , Odessa -- 23 February 1994 ) , real surname Kozeryuk ( Russian : Козерюк ) , was a Soviet science fiction writer .
Lieutenant Roméo Sabourin ( January 1 , 1923 , Montreal , Quebec - September 14 , 1944 , Weimar , Thuringia , Germany ) was a Canadian soldier and spy during World War II . Sabourin joined the Canadian Army , serving in the Canadian Intelligence Corps .
Vladan Giljen , born in Nikšić , is the son of Pero Giljen who was a goalkeeper of FK Sutjeska Nikšić , where Vladan also started his career .
Aris Maliagros ( Greek : Άρης Μαλιαγρός ; also Aris Malliagros ; 17 August 1895 , Argostoli , Kefalonia -- 18 December 1984 ) was a Greek actor who played several aristocratic roles .
Jennifer Walcott ( born May 8 , 1977 in Youngstown , Ohio ) is an American glamour model and actress best known as Playboy magazine 's Playmate of the Month for August 2001 .
Ghanim Bin Saad Al Saad ( Arabic : غانم بن سعد ال سعد born 23 August 1964 in Doha , Qatar ) is a Qatari business leader and the Chairman of GSSG Holdings , a family business diversified into dozens of sectors and companies .
Mohamed Chafik ( born 17 September 1926 in Sefrou ) is a Moroccan writer and specialist in Berber language and literature .
Dave Lieberman ( born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is the host of the Food Network series Good Deal with Dave Lieberman .
Di Botcher is a Welsh actress born in Port Talbot .
Masha Novoselova ( Maria Novoselova , Маша Новоселова ; born 31 January 1985 in Tula , Soviet Union ) is a Russian fashion model , considered one of the Russian Supermodels of recent years .
Anvarjon Soliev ( born 5 February 1978 in Turakurgan of Namangan region ) is an Uzbekistani football striker , playing for Uzbek side Pakhtakor Tashkent .
Victor Simões , full name Victor Simões de Oliveira ( born March 23 , 1981 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for FC Goa in the Indian Super League .
Moncef Dhouib ( Arabic : المنصف ذويب ‎ ) ( born 1952 in Sfax ) is a Tunisian film director , actor , screenwriter and producer and puppeteer .
Natan Yonatan was born Nathan Klein , in Kiev in the Ukraine in 1923 .
Maryse Gaudreault ( born July 6 , 1959 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is a Quebec provincial politician .
He was born in Moncton , New Brunswick , the son of Peter McSweeney , an Irish immigrant , and Joanna Downing .
Richard Sukuta - Pasu ( born 24 June 1990 in Wuppertal ) is a German football striker of Congolese descent who plays for Energie Cottbus .
Diamanto Manolakou ( Greek : Διαμάντω Μανωλάκου ; born 1 March 1959 , Piraeus ) is a Greek politician .
Zhivko Dinev was raised in Sliven 's youth teams .
Jane Harvey ( January 6 , 1925 , Jersey City , New Jersey as Phyllis Taff -- August 15 , 2013 ) was an American jazz singer , known for recording many tracks with famous musicians Duke Ellington and Benny Goodman during the 1940s .
Mark Aronoff ( /ˈærənɑːf/ ) , a native of Montreal , Quebec , is a morphologist and distinguished professor at Stony Brook University .
Lara Belmont ( born 1980 in Oxford , Oxfordshire ) is a British actress , most famous for her role as Jessie in the 1999 film The War Zone .
Brad Galli ( born 1989 in Troy , Michigan ) is a sports reporter for WXYZ - TV in Detroit .
Gro Marit Istad Kristiansen ( born February 9 , 1978 ) is a retired Norwegian biathlete from Voss .
Aydoğan Vatandaş ( born 1974 ) is an investigative journalist from Turkey , specializing in Political Science and International Relations .
Udo Dziersk ( born Gelsenkirchen , 1961 ) is a contemporary German painter .
Hamad Al Fardan ( Arabic : حامد الفردن‎ ; born June 29 , 1987 in Manama ) , also known as The Mystro , is a Bahraini racing driver and musician .
Pierre Mores ( born 21 April 1950 in Esch - sur - Alzette ) is a Luxembourgish politician , jurist , and administrator .
David Bonneville ( Porto , 1978 ) is a London - based film director and screenwriter .
Gojko Ivković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гojкo Ивкoвић ; born 20 May 1990 in Kragujevac ) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for Lysekloster .
Angela Vautour ( born April 10 , 1960 in Rexton , New Brunswick ) is a former Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Beauséjour--
Maribelle ( born Marie Kwakman ; 4 April 1960 in Volendam ) is a Dutch singer , best known for her participation in the 1984 Eurovision Song Contest .
Vesta M. Roy ( March 26 , 1925 -- February 8 , 2002 ) was a Republican New Hampshire politician , born in Dearborn , Michigan .
James Galea is an Australian magician and actor based in Sydney and Los Angeles .
Chet Zar ( born November 12 , 1967 in San Pedro , California ) is an American artist notable for his dark visual art , make - up effects , and digital animation .
A Buford Pusser Festival is held each May in his hometown of Adamsville , Tennessee .
Simon Price ( born 25 September 1967 , Barry , Wales ) is a British music journalist and author .
Musa Eroğlu ( born 1946 , Göksu , Mut ( Kravga ) in Mersin Province ) is a Turkish folk musician and bağlama virtuoso .
Volodymyr Kozhukhar ( born 1941 ) is a Ukrainian conductor , born in Vinnytsia .
Torsten Wohlert ( born December 10 , 1965 in Travemünde ) is a German former footballer .
Reza Khodadadi ( Persian in رضا خدادادی born Ardabil),lives and works in Tehran .
Chris Hawkins ( born 23 September 1975 , in Loppington , Shropshire , England ) is a presenter , performance DJ , reporter , journalist , producer , and music pundit .
Elly Lefort ( born November 4 , 1987 in Saint - Nazaire ) is a French and Monegasque bobsledder .
Uendel Pereira Gonçalves , better known as Uendel ( born October 8 , 1988 in Araranguá ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as left back for Corinthians .
Eva Rorandelli ( born in Florence , June 17 , 1977 ) is a contemporary Italian artist , video producer and model .
Rodrigo Fernandes Alflen or simply Rodrigão ( born June 14 , 1978 in Santos ) is a Brazilian striker who plays for Independente .
Hilmar Wäckerle ( 24 November 1899 in Forchheim -- 2 July 1941 near Lemberg ) was a German soldier in both the German Imperial Army and the Waffen - SS and the first commandant of Dachau concentration camp .
Baron Charles Tombeur de Tabora , born Charles Tombeur ( Liège , 4 May 1867 -- Brussels , 2 December 1947 ) , was a Belgian general who commanded the Force Publique in the Belgian Congo during World War I. He captured Tabora after some heavy fighting on 19 September 1916 .
Alexander Anoprienko is a Professor of the Computer Engineering Department of the Donetsk National Technical University ( DonNTU ) .
Zygmunt Chychła ( 5 November 1926 in Gdańsk - 26 September 2009 in Hamburg ) was a Polish boxer .
Henri Alekan ( 10 February 1909 , Paris -- 15 June 2001 , Auxerre , Bourgogne ) was a French cinematographer .
Igino Giordani ( Hyginus Giordani ) , Italian politician , writer and journalist , was born September 24 , 1894 at Tivoli , died at Rocca di Papa on April 18 , 1980 .
Calvin John Ward was born on October 30 , in 1899 in Greene County , Tennessee and lived in Morristown , Tennessee .
Guy Big ( c. 1946 - 2 May 1978 at Toronto ) was the stage name of Alan Hoffman , a Canadian actor .
Mastino I della Scala ( died 17 October 1277 ) , born Leonardo or Leonardino , was an Italian condottiero , who founded the Scaliger house of Lords of Verona .
Ernst Degner ( born Ernst Eugen Wotzlawek on 22 September 1931 in Gleiwitz , Upper Silesia , Germany - died 10 September 1983 in Arona , Tenerife , Spain ) was a German professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Anne du Bourg ( 1521 , Riom -- December 23 , 1559 , Paris ) was a French magistrat , nephew of the chancellor Antoine du Bourg .
Catharine Van Valkenburg Waite ( 1829 Dumfries , New Brunswick , Canada - November 1913 Chicago ) was a United States author , lawyer and women 's suffrage activist .
Ludwig Georg Courvoisier ( 10 November 1843 -- 8 April 1918 ) was a surgeon from Basel , Switzerland .
Thomas Hakon Grönwall or Thomas Hakon Gronwall ( January 16 , 1877 in Dylta bruk , Sweden -- May 9 , 1932 in New York City , New York ) was a Swedish mathematician .
At the age of twelve Persius came to Rome , where he was taught by Remmius Palaemon and the rhetor Verginius Flavus .
William Clarke Wontner ( 17 January 1857 Stockwell , Surrey - 23 September 1930 Worcester ) , was an English portrait painter steeped in Academic Classicism and Romantic .
Admiral Robert Roddam died at Morpeth on 31 March 1808 .
Karl Wessely ( Carl Wessely ; 27 June 1860 , Vienna -- 21 November 1931 ) was an Austrian palaeographer and papyrus scholar .
Joan Riudavets was born in Es Migjorn Gran , Minorca , and lived there for his entire life .
Ludwig Philippson ( 28 December 1811 , at Dessau -- 29 December 1889 , at Bonn ) was a German rabbi and author , the son of Moses Philippson .
Stefan Drzewiecki ( July 26 , 1844 in Kunka , Podolia , Russian Empire ( today Ukraine , formerly Polish -- Lithuanian Commonwealth ) -- April 23 , 1938 in Paris ) was a Polish scientist , journalist , engineer , constructor and inventor , working in France , and in the Russian Empire during the partitions of Poland .
Josef Nešvera ( Praskolesy ( Beroun District ) , 1842-Olomouc , 1914 ) was a Czech opera composer .
Ludwig Pfandl ( 22 September 1881 , Rosenheim -- 27 June 1942 , Kaufbeuren ) was a German biographer , Hispanist and Romance studies scholar .
Juliane Giovane ( 21 December 1766 , Würzburg -- August 1805 , Budapest ) , was a German lady in waiting for Queen Maria Caroline of the Habsburg - Lorraine house , and a writer .
Fra ' Nicolas Cotoner ( Nicolau Cotoner i d'Olesa ; 1608 , Mallorca -- 1680 , Malta ) was the 61st Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta , between 1663 and 1680 .
Gaetano Cima ( Cagliari , 1805 -- Cagliari , 1878 ) was an Italian architect , exponent of the neoclassical movement .
Adam Ludwig Lewenhaupt ( 15 April 1659 , Copenhagen -- 12 February 1719 Moscow ) was a Swedish general .
Menahem Azariah da Fano ( also called Immanuel da Fano , and Rema MiPano ) ( 1548 , Fano -- Mantua , 1620 ) was an Italian rabbi , Talmudist , and Kabbalist .
Willem van den Blocke moved on 18 June 1584 to Danzig ( Gdańsk ) , the center of the Vistula delta Mennonites , carrying with him a recommendation by Stephen Báthory , the king of Poland .
Necdet Öztorun ( 1924 , Konya - 7 October 2010 , Ankara ) was a Turkish general .
Giovanni Gaetano Bottari ( 15 January 1689 , Florence -- 5 June 1775 , Rome ) was Vatican librarian and counsellor to Pope Clement XII .
Thomas Taggart ( November 17 , 1856 -- March 6 , 1929 ) was a U.S. political figure , serving as mayor of Indianapolis and influential in state and national politics .
Billy Waters ( c. 1778 - -1823 ) was a black man who busked in London in the nineteenth century by singing , playing the violin and entertaining theatre goers with his `` peculiar antics '' .
Luciano Frigerio ( Desio , 21 May 1928 -- Sanremo April 11 , 1999 ) , was a designer , artist and Italian musician .
Alfred Laliberté ( 19 May 1878 - 13 January 1953 ) was a Canadian sculptor and painter based in Montreal .
Salvatore Sabella ( July 7 , 1891 -- 1962 ) was the Sicilian Mafia boss of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania during the 1920s .
Lorenzo De Ferrari ( 14 November 1680 -- 28 July 1744 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in his native city of Genoa .
Dean Benjamin McLaughlin ( born October 25 , 1901 , Brooklyn , Queens , New York CIty ; died December 8 , 1965 , Ann Arbor , Michigan , US ) was an American astronomer .
Adolfo Leoni ( Gualdo Tadino , 13 January 1917 -- Massa , 19 October 1970 ) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer .
Johannes Hintz was injured in a car - accident on 14 May 1944 in Paris and died on 21 May 1944 .
Federico Rauch ( né Friedrich Rauch 1786 - 1829 ) was a colonel of Argentina .
Juan Hipólito Vieytes ( San Antonio de Areco , Buenos Aires Province , 6 August 1762 -- San Fernando , Argentina , 5 October 1815 ) , was an Argentine merchant and soldier .
Maurice Bellonte ( Méru , Oise , 25 October 1896 -- Paris , 14 January 1983 ) was a French aviator who set flight distance records .
A native of Vezišće ( part of Križ ) , the young Trnina ( usually referred to as Milka Ternina in English - speaking countries ) studied singing privately with Ida Winterberg in Zagreb and then with Joseph Gänsbacher at the conservatory in Vienna , graduating from his class in 1883 with a gold medal .
Antonio Segura ( June 13 , 1947 in Valencia -- January 31 , 2012 ) was a Spanish comics writer .
Edmund Leser ( 1 May 1853 , Münster -- 11 December 1916 , Frankfurt am Main ) was a German surgeon remembered for describing the Leser - Trélat sign ( named with Ulysse Trélat- 1828 - 1890 ) .
Koloman Wallisch ( born 28 February 1889 in Lugosch , Austria - Hungary , today Lugoj , Romania ; died 19 February 1934 in Leoben , Austria ) was a socialist labor leader in Austria .
Gerhard Thurow ( 2 November 1934 -- 11 April 1976 in Tilburg ) was a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Germany .
Jacqueline Auriol ( November 5 , 1917 , Challans , Vendée -- February 11 , 2000 , Paris ) was a French aviator who set several world speed records .
John Henry Raap ( August 1 , 1840 -- April 23 , 1897 ) was an entrepreneur and wholesale liquor retailer in Chicago in the 19th century .
Anton Oberbeck ( March 25 , 1846 -- October 23 , 1900 ) was a German physicist from Berlin .
Ernst Adolf Coccius ( September 19 , 1825 -- November 24 , 1890 ) was a German ophthalmologist who was a native of Knauthain , which today is part of the city of Leipzig .
Hans von Arnim ( 14 September 1859 , Groß Fredenwalde -- 26 May 1931 , Vienna ) was a German - Austrian classical philologist , who specialized in studies of Plato and Aristotle .
Jean - Joseph Weerts ( 1 May 1846 , Roubaix - 28 Septembre 1927 , Paris ) was a French painter of Belgian origin who worked in the Academic style .
Gaston Baty ( May 26 , 1885 , Pélussin , Loire -- October 13 , 1952 ) , whose full name was Jean - Baptiste - Marie - Gaston Baty , was a French playwright and director .
Alice of Norfolk died at Bungay , Suffolk , shortly before 30 January 1352 , as the result of an assault by her husband , for which crime he and some of his retainers were indicted .
Giulio Cesare Corradi ( Parma , c.1650 - Venice , 1701 or 1702 ) was an Italian opera librettist .
Anton Reichenow ( August 1 , 1847 in Charlottenburg -- July 6 , 1941 in Hamburg ) was a German ornithologist and herpetologist .
Pedro Diez Canseco Corbacho ( January 31 , 1815 in Arequipa , Peru -- April 3 , 1893 in Chorrillos , Peru ) was a Peruvian soldier and politician who became interim President of Peru on three occasions : 1863 , 1865 and 1868 .
Ādolfs Skulte ( Kiev , October 28 , 1909 -- Riga , March 20 , 2000 ) was a Latvian composer and pedagogue .
Artur Beul ( born 9 December 1915 , Einsiedeln , Switzerland -- died 9 January 2010 , Küsnacht ) was a Swiss songwriter .
Born in Long Island , Win Coates was a photojournalist who worked in the United States , Nicaragua , and India .
Moritz Wagner ( Bayreuth , 3 October 1813 -- Munich , 31 May 1887 ) was a German explorer , collector , geographer and natural historian .
Ian Hogbin was born in Bawtry , Yorkshire , England and died at Potts Point , Sydney , Australia .
Eduard Eelma was arrested by NKVD in Tallinn in summer 1941 , sentenced to death and executed in a prison in Kirov on 16 November 1941 .
Pierre Schneiter was born in Reims , elder son of Charles Albert Schneiter , a vintner , and Jeanne Marie Alice Sart .
Eduardo González Valiño , nicknamed Chacho ( born 14 April 1911 in A Coruña ; died 21 October 1979 in A Coruña ) was a Spanish association footballer .
Ajita Wilson ( 1950 ? -- May 26 , 1987 in Rome , Italy ) was an American actress who starred in European exploitation and hardcore films in the 1970s and 1980s .
Wacław Berent ( Warsaw , 28 September 1878 -- 19 November or 22 November 1940 , Warsaw ) was a Polish novelist , essayist and a literary translator from the Art Nouveau period , publishing under pen names S.A.M. and Wł .
Columbano Bordalo Pinheiro ( Lisbon , 21 November 1857 -- Lisbon , 6 November 1929 ) , who is usually referred to as Columbano , was a Portuguese Realist painter .
Aage Eriksen ( born May 5 , 1917 in Notodden , died June 17 , 1998 in Notodden , Telemark ) was a Norwegian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco - Roman wrestling .
Professor Marcus Hartog died in Paris on 21 January 1924 .
Doriano Romboni ( 8 December 1968 in Lerici , Italy -- 30 November 2013 in Latina , Italy ) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
José Américo de Almeida ( January 10 , 1887 , in Areia -- March 10 , 1980 , in João Pessoa ) was a Brazilian writer , a politician , a lawyer and a teacher .
J. Maurice Reymond de Broutelles ( or just Maurice Reymond , sometimes also given as `` de Brouteilles '' , April 25 , 1862 -- November 17 , 1936 ) was a Swiss sculptor , painter , and engraver who worked in Paris , France .
Robert Weltsch ( 20 June 1891 , Prague -- 22 December 1982 , Jerusalem ) was a journalist , editor and prominent Zionist .
Ettore Modigliani ( Rome , 20 December 1873 -- Milan , 22 June 1947 ) was an Italian functionary .
While travelling from Rome to Mantua , James of Portugal fell ill and died in Florence on August 15 , 1459 , at the age of twenty - six .
The church of Santi Giovanni e Paolo in Rome was founded either by Pammachius or his father .
Renzo Zorzi ( 12 December 1946 , Ziano di Fiemme-- 15 May 2015 , Magenta , Lombardy ) was a racing driver from Italy who participated in 7 Formula One Grands Prix between 1975 and 1977 .
John M. Coyne Sr . ( November 11 , 1916 -- July 21 , 2014 ) was the mayor of Brooklyn , Ohio from 1948 to 1999 .
Vicent Andrés Estellés ( Valencian pronunciation : ( biˈsɛn anˈdɾes esteˈʎes ) ) ( 4 September 1924 in Burjassot , Valencia -- 27 March 1993 in Valencia ) was a Spanish journalist and poet .
Luca della Robbia ( 1399/1400 - -1482 ) was an Italian sculptor from Florence , noted for his glazed terracotta roundels , in a technique he apparently developed himself .
Gérard Bessette ( Sainte - Anne - de - Sabrevois , Quebec , 25 February 1920 -- Kingston , Ontario , 21 February 2005 ) was a French Canadian writer and educator .
Nat Shapiro ( September 27 , 1922 , New York City - December 15 , 1983 , New York City ) was an American jazz writer and record producer .
Thomas Weelkes was , by this time , reinstated at Chichester Cathedral , but appeared to be spending a great deal of time in London .
In 1893 Émile Nouguier resigns from the Gustave Eiffel Entreprise and becomes co - president of the Nouguier , Kessler et Cie Company in Argenteuil , Île - de - France .
Henri - François Riesener ( 19 October 1767 in Paris -- 7 February 1828 in Paris ) was a French portrait painter and miniaturist .
Francis Hindes Groome ( 30 August 1851 in Monk Soham , Suffolk - 24 January 1902 in London ) , son of Robert Hindes Groome Archdeacon of Suffolk .
Marc Athanase Parfait Œillet des Murs ( Paris , 18 April 1804 -- Nogent - le - Rotrou , 25 February 1894 ) was a French amateur ornithologist and local politician and historian .
Ugo Gobbato ( Volpago del Montello , 16 July 1888 -- Milan , 28 April 1945 ) was an Italian engineer and Managing Director of Alfa Romeo between 1933 to 1945 .
Abbé Alexandre - Auguste Robineau ( 23 April 1747 , Paris - 13 January 1828 , Paris ) was a French painter , composer , violinist , conductor , and Catholic priest .
Hans Collaert or Jan Collaert I or Johannes Collaert ( c. 1525/1530 -- 1580 ) was an early Flemish engraver , father of the engravers Jan Collaert II ( Antwerp 1561 - 1620/1628 ) and Adrian Collaert ( Antwerp c1555/65 - 1618 ) .
Antoine - Martin Chaumont de La Galaizière ( 22 January 1697 , Namur - 3 October 1783 , Paris ) , marquis de La Galaizière , chancellor of Lorraine , was a French nobleman active at the court of Lorraine .
Adolf Schreyer ( July 9 , 1828 Frankfurt - am - Main -- July 29 , 1899 Kronberg i m Taunus ) was a German painter , associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting .
Yitzhak Gruenbaum ( Polish : Izaak Grünbaum , Hebrew and Yiddish : יצחק גרינבוים , born 1879 died 1970 ) was a noted leader of the Zionist movement among Polish Jewry between the two world wars and of the Yishuv in Mandatory Palestine , and the first Interior Minister of Israel .
Étienne Buffet ( Marie Étienne Pierre Paul Aimé Buffet ) was born in Paris on 5 June 1866 and died in Paris on 3 December 1948 .
William Dunkel ( born New Jersey 26 March 1893 , died Kilchberg , ZH 10 September 1980 ) was a Swiss architect and painter .
Sidney Parsons ( c. 1893 -- April 22 , 1955 ) was a Canadian politician , mayor of Edmonton , Alberta , and candidate for election to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta .
Anna Ida Birgit Åkesson , born March 24 , 1908 in Malmö , died March 24 , 2001 in Stockholm , was a choreographer , dancer and dance researcher .
Bon - Claude Cahier de Gerville ( 30 November 1751 , Bayeux -- 15 February 1796 , Bayeux ) was a notable figure in the French Revolution .
Pierre Jamet ( 21 April 1893 in Orléans -- 17 June 1991 in Gargilesse - Dampierre ) was a French harpist and pedagogue .
Shoghi Effendi 's death came unexpectedly in London , on 4 November 1957 , as he was travelling to Britain and caught the Asian Flu , during the pandemic which killed two million worldwide , and he is buried there in New Southgate Cemetery .
Dr. Wilhelm Lautenbach ( * August 26 1891 in Zwinge ; † May 24 1948 in Davos ) was a German official at the Economics Ministry at the beginning of the 1920s .
Frank Debenham , OBE ( 26 December 1883 -- 23 November 1965 ) was Emeritus Professor of Geography at the Department of Geography , Cambridge University and first director of the Scott Polar Research Institute .
John Edgar Colwell Hearne ( 4 February 1926 , Montreal , Canada - 12 December 1994 , Stony Hill , Jamaica ) was a white Jamaican novelist , journalist , and teacher .
Zdenko Runjić ( 26 October 1942 -- 27 October 2004 ) was a Croatian songwriter based in Split .
Oton Iveković was born on 17 April 1869 in Klanjec , where he finished elementary school .
Luana Walters ( July 22 , 1912 - May 19 , 1963 ) was a motion picture actress from Los Angeles , California .
John Gilbert Winant OM ( February 23 , 1889 -- November 3 , 1947 ) was an American politician with the Republican party after a brief career as a teacher in Concord , New Hampshire .
George Gund II ( April 13 , 1888 -- November 15 , 1966 ) was an American banker , business executive , and real estate investor who lived in Cleveland , Ohio in the early and middle part of the 20th century .
Montserrat Roig i Fransitorra ( Catalan pronunciation : ( munsəˈrat ˈrɔtʃ ) ; Barcelona , June 13 , 1946 -- November 10 , 1991 ) was a Spanish writer of novels , short stories and articles .
Conrad Faber von Kreuznach ( born c. 1500 in Kreuznach , Germany ; died between 10 September 1552 and 15 May 1553 in Frankfurt am Main ) was a German painter and woodcuts designer formerly known as Master of Holzhausen - portraits .
Henry Marchant ( April 9 , 1741 -- August 30 , 1796 ) was American lawyer from Newport , Rhode Island and United States federal judge .
Hector Giacomelli ( April 1 , 1822 in Paris -- December 1 , 1904 in Menton ) , was a French watercolorist , engraver and illustrator , best known for his paintings of birds .
Fritz Winter ( 22 September 1905 in Altenbögge ( now part of Bönen ) -- 1 October 1976 in Herrsching ) was a German painter of the postwar period best known for his abstract works in the Art Informel style .
Adolph Ignatievich Rosner , known as Ady Rosner and also Eddie Rosner ( May 26 , 1910 in Berlin -- August 8 , 1976 in West Berlin ) was a Polish and Soviet Jazz musician called `` The White Louis Armstrong '' or `` Polish Louis Armstrong '' in different sources .
In 1984 , at age 49 , Richard Brautigan had moved to Bolinas , California , where he was living alone in a large , old house that he had bought with his earnings years earlier .
Antoine René Boucher , more commonly known as René Boucher , ( 1732 , Paris , France -- 1811 , Paris , France ) was a French magistrate and a French revolutionary who served as Mayor of Paris in 1792 .
Francesco Guardi was born in Venice into a family of nobility from Trentino .
Mahir Çayan ( 15 March 1946 in Samsun - 30 March 1972 , Kızıldere ) was a Turkish politician and the leader of People 's Liberation Party - Front of Turkey ( Turkish : Türkiye Halk Kurtuluş Partisi - Cephesi ) .
Emeric Tauss Torday ( 7 April 1897 in Budapest -- 27 January 1987 in París ) was a Hungarian painter trained in Budapest , Prague and Paris known for a number of paintings on display in museums both in Hungary and abroad .
Erol Günaydın died on October 15 , 2012 , in a hospital in Istanbul .
While Pupienus marched to Ravenna , where he oversaw the campaign against Maximinus , Balbinus remained in Rome , but failed to keep public order .
Hanka Ordonówna ( born Maria Anna Pietruszyńska ; September 25 , 1902 in Warsaw -- September 8 , 1950 in Beirut ) also known as ' Ordonka ' , was a Polish singer , dancer and actress .
Dionýz Ilkovič ( 18 January 1907 in Šarišský Štiavnik -- 3 August 1980 in Bratislava ) was a Slovak physicist and physical chemist .
Helga M. Novak ( pseudonym for Maria Karlsdottir ; 8 September 1935 -- 24 December 2013 in Rüdersdorf ) was a German - Icelandic writer .
Giorgio Gandini del Grano ( died 1538 ) was an Italian painter of the Parma school of painting .
Pietro Mengoli ( 1626 , Bologna -- June 7 , 1686 , Bologna ) was an Italian mathematician and clergyman from Bologna , where he studied with Bonaventura Cavalieri at the University of Bologna , and succeeded him in 1647 .
Khan Shushinski ( Azerbaijani : Xan Şuşinski ) , born Isfandiyar Aslan oglu Javanshir ( 20 August 1901 , Shusha -- 18 March 1979 , Baku ) , was an Azerbaijani khananda folk singer .
Georges Jacquot ( born in Nancy in 1794 , died in Paris in 1874 ) was a French sculptor of the 19th century .
Arnold Marc Gorter ( 1866 , Almelo -- 1933 , Amsterdam ) , was a 19th - century landscape painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Doug Berrie is a former Scottish footballer who played as a full back for Dundee United and Forfar Athletic .
Veikko Aleksanteri Heiskanen ( 23 July 1895 in Kangaslampi -- 23 October 1971 in Helsinki ) was a famous Finnish geodesist .
Henderson Chambers ( May 1 , 1908 in Alexandria , Louisiana -- October 19 , 1967 in New York City ) was an American jazz trombonist .
Kurt Eberhard ( born September 12 , 1874 in Rottweil - died September 8 , 1947 in Stuttgart ) was a German officer .
Tuomo Mannermaa ( b. 29 September 1937 Oulu , Finland ; d. 19 January 2015 Espoo , Finland ) was professor emeritus of ecumenical theology at University of Helsinki .
Ignaz Bösendorfer ( July 28 , 1796 -- April 14 , 1859 ) was an Austrian musician and piano manufacturer , who in 1828 founded the Bösendorfer company in Vienna - Josefstadt .
Ferdinand Hart Nibbrig ( 1866 , Amsterdam -- 1915 , Laren ) , was a Dutch painter and Theosophist .
Arturo Araujo Fajardo ( 1878 in Suchitoto -- December 1 , 1967 in San Salvador ) was the president of El Salvador from March 1 , 1931 to December 2 , 1931 .
Ewald Kooiman ( June 14 , 1938 in Wormer , North Holland -- January 25 , 2009 in Hurghada ) , was a Dutch organist .
Laurens Craen ( c. 1620 , The Hague -- c.1670 , Middelburg ) , was a Dutch Golden Age still life painter .
Reteos Berberian ( Armenian : Ռեթէոս Պէրպէրեան , 1848 , Constantinople , Ottoman Turkey -- 1907 , Üsküdar , Ottoman Turkey , also Reteos Perperian ) was an Armenian educator , pedagogue , principal , writer , poet , and founder of the prestigious Armenian school Berberian Varjaran ( school ) .
Lawrence Beyerlinck ( April 1578 , Antwerp -- 22 June 1627 , Antwerp ) was a Belgian theologian and ecclesiastical writer and encyclopedist .
Muhsin al - Barazi ( Arabic : محسن البرازي‎ ) ( Hama , 1904 -- Damascus , 14 August 1949 ) was a Syrian lawyer , academic and politician .
Pope Felix I ( died 30 December 274 ) was the Bishop of Rome or Pope from 5 January 269 to his death in 274 .
Dagoberto Godoy Fuentealba ( July 22 , 1893 in Temuco -- September 8 , 1960 in Santiago de Chile ) was a Chilean pilot and the first person to fly over the Andes .
Gerrit Cornelis Berkouwer ( 8 June 1903 , Amsterdam -- 26 January 1996 , Voorhout ) was for years the leading theologian of the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands ( GKN ) .
William de Vere ( died 1198 ) was Bishop of Hereford and an Augustinian canon .
In 1965 after holding some key positions in Belarusian regions and in Minsk Pyotr Masherov became the first secretary of the Communist party in Belarus .
John O'Hara died from cardiovascular disease in Princeton , New Jersey , and is interred in the Princeton Cemetery .
Benedikt Roezl ( 13 August 1823 , Horomeritz ( Bohemia , Austrian Empire ) - 14 October 1885 , Prague ) was a traveller , gardener and botanist ( sometimes Benedict or Benito Roezl as called by the Indians ) .
Luigi Dottesio ( 14 January 1814 in Como -- 11 October 1851 in Venice ( then called Venezia ) ) was an Italian patriot who was very active in the distribution of anti - Austrian pamphlets , before and after 1848 .
Sir Henry Harwood died in Goring - on - Thames in 1950 .
Antoine Gouan ( 15 November 1733 -- 1 September 1821 ) was a French naturalist who was a native of Montpellier .
Leopold Kohr ( 5 October 1909 in Oberndorf bei Salzburg , Austria -- 26 February 1994 in Gloucester , England ) was an economist , jurist and political scientist known both for his opposition to the `` cult of bigness '' in social organization and as one of those who inspired the small is beautiful movement .
Victor Nehlig ( 1830 , Paris -- 1909 , New York City ) was a French - born American painter .
Henry Honychurch Gorringe ( August 11 , 1841 -- July 7 , 1885 ) was a United States naval officer who attained national acclaim for successfully completing the removal of Cleopatra 's Needle from Alexandria , Egypt to Central Park , New York City .
Orazio Michi `` dell'Arpa '' ( also Mihi ; Alife , Campania , 1594 -- Rome , 26 October 1641 ) was an Italian composer , and , as his nickname `` of the harp '' suggests , harpist .
Marcello Dudovich ( 21 March 1878 in Trieste -- 31 March 1962 in Milan ) was an Italian painter , illustrator , and poster designer .
Georgios Jakobides ( Γεώργιος Ιακωβίδης , 11 January 1853 in Lesbos -- 13 December 1932 in Athens ) was a painter and one of the main representatives of the Greek artistic movement of the Munich School .
Gustav Stühmer was killed on 16 February 1944 near Narva , Estonia during the Battle of Narva when he used his body to shield his commanding officer Franz Griesbach from grenade splinters .
Hippolyte - Victor Collet - Descotils was a French chemist , born November 21 , 1773 in Caen , and died December 6 , 1815 in Paris .
Ottokar Domma ( pseudonym ; properly Otto Häuser ) ( 20 May 1924 , Karlovy Vary , Czechoslovakia -- 15 July 2007 , Woltersdorf ) was a German journalist and writer specialising in satire .
Lucius J. Henderson ( 1861 , Aldo , Illinois - 18 February 1947 , New York City ) was an American silent film director of the early silent period involved in over 70 film productions .
Heinrich Bulthaupt ( October 26 , 1849 -- August 20 , 1905 ) was a German poet , dramatic author , and lawyer , as well as librarian of his native town , Bremen .
Gustav Karl Laube ( 8 February 1839 , Teplitz -- 12 April 1923 , Prague ) was a Bohemian German geologist and paleontologist .
Matko Laginja ( August 10 , 1852 in Klana near Kastav -- March 18 , 1930 in Zagreb ) was a Croatian lawyer and politician .
Grigol Orbeliani was born into a prominent aristocratic family in the Georgian capital of Tiflis ( Tbilisi ) , three years after the Russian government deposed the Bagrationi dynasty of Georgia and annexed their kingdom .
Silja Walter ( 23 April 1919 -- 31 January 2011 ) was a Swiss author and Benedictine nun in the Fahr Abbey in Switzerland .
Robert Adler died in a Boise , Idaho nursing home of heart failure at age 93 years old .
Michael Annals was born in what was then Harrow , Middlesex ( later incorporated into Greater London ) on 21 April 1938 .
Kåre Østerdal ( 1917 , Rana , Norway -- 1973 ) was a Norwegian skier from Nordland .
Cengaver Katrancı ( 1964 -- October 30 , 1972 ) was a Turkish boy , who lived in West Berlin , in district of Kreuzberg .
André Vandernoot ( born 2 June 1927 , Brussels ; died 6 November 1991 , Brussels ) was a Belgian conductor .
Carl Christoffer Gjörwell ( the younger ) ( 19 January 1766 Stockholm -- 14 November 1837 ) was a city architect in Stockholm , Sweden .
Filippo Scannabecchi ( 1352 -- c. 1410 ) , known as Lippo di Dalmasio , was an Italian painter from Bologna , a son of Dalmasio Scannabecchi .
Vincent Houška or Hauschka ( born Mies , Bohemia : 21 January 1766 -- 1840 in Vienna ) was a composer and musician who played mandolin and cello .
Vladimir Savčić ( born 6 June 1948 in Niš , Serbia , FPR Yugoslavia - died 20 March 2009 in Belgrade , Serbia ) was a Serbian singer .
Wilmot Redd ( aka Wilmot Read and Wilmot Reed ) ( early 17th century - September 22 , 1692 ) was one of the victims of the Salem witch trials of 1692 .
Henry Scrope , 3rd Baron Scrope of Masham KG ( c.1370 -- 5 August 1415 ) , a favourite of King Henry V , was beheaded on 5 August 1415 for his involvement in the Southampton Plot .
Luigi Scevola ( born Brescia , 1770 - died Milan , 1819 ) was an Italian dramatist .
Antoine - George - Prosper Marilhat , usually known as Prosper Marilhat , ( 26 March 1811 , Vertaizon -- 13 September 1847 , Paris ) was an Orientalist painter .
Melchior Goldast ab Haiminsfeld ( Goldastus)(6 January 1576 or 1578 - Gießen , 1635 ) was a Swiss jurist , and an industrious though uncritical collector of documents relating to the medieval history and constitution of Germany .
Siebe Johannes ten Cate ( 27 February 1858 , Sneek - 19 December 1908 , Paris ) was a Dutch - Frisian painter in the Impressionist style , who spent most of his working life in France .
Renato Righetto ( January 30 , 1921 in Campinas , São Paulo , Brazil -- November 18 , 2001 in Campinas , São Paulo , Brazil due to Alzheimer 's disease ) was a Brazilian basketball referee .
Joseph Rusling Meeker ( born in Newark , New Jersey , 21 April 1827 ; died in St. Louis , Missouri , 27 September 1887 ) was a United States painter .
Johann Martin Miller ( 3 December 1750 in Jungingen -- 21 June 1814 in Ulm ) was a German theologian and writer .
Luciano Pozo González , better known as Chano Pozo ( January 7 , 1915 in Havana -- December 3 , 1948 in New York City ) was an Afro - Cuban jazz percussionist , singer , dancer and composer .
Francesco Ruggieri ( Cremona , c. 1630 -- 28 October 1698 ) ( also known as Rugier , Ruggeri , Ruggerius ) was perhaps an apprentice of Nicolò Amati , another important luthier in Cremona Italy , although other sources call this association into question .
Frans Snyders or Frans Snijders ( 11 November 1579 , Antwerp -- 19 August 1657 , Antwerp ) was a Flemish painter of animals , hunting scenes , market scenes and still lifes .
Josef Kalousek ( April 2 , 1838 in Vamberk -- November 22 , 1915 in Praha ) , was a Czech historian , professor of Czech history on Univerzita Karlova in Prague .
George Demetrescu Mirea ( 1852 , Câmpulung - 12 December 1934 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian portrait painter , muralist and art teacher .
Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar ( Tamil : அவிச்சி மெய்யப்ப செட்டியார் ; 28 July 1907 -- 12 August 1979 ) , also known as A. V. Meiyappan or AVM , was an Indian film producer , director and philanthropist who established AVM Productions in Vadapalani , Chennai .
William G. Bonelli ( 1895 - -1970 ) was a California Republican politician who became a member of the state Board of Equalization who fled to Mexico to avoid arrest on a corruption indictment .
Antoine Brice ( 26 May 1752 , Brussels , then in the Austrian Netherlands -- 23 January 1817 , Brussels ) was a Belgian painter .
Giovanni Battista Sassi ( 1679 in Milan -- 1762 in Milan ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in Milan and other areas of Lombardy , who painted in a late - Baroque or Rococo style .
After Shah Jahan 's vassals had been devastated by the alarming expansion of Ahmednagar during the reign of the Nizam Shahi boy - prince Murtaza Shah III , the emperor dispatched Aurangzeb , who in 1636 brought the Nizam Shahi dynasty to an end .
Hermann Hugo Paul Haupt ( 25 November 1858 in Görlitz -- 15 December 1926 in Baltimore , Maryland ) was a Semitic scholar , one of the pioneers of Assyriology in the United States .
Jacob Palaeologus , born Giacomo da Chio ( Chios , c. 1520 -- Rome , March 23 , 1585 ) was a Dominican friar who renouinced his religious vows and became an antitrinitarian theologian .
Rita Cetina Gutiérrez ( 1846 - -1908 ) was a Mexican teacher , poet and feminist who promoted secular education in the nineteenth century in Mérida , Yucatán .
Clarence Crane Brinton ( Winsted , Connecticut , 1898 - Cambridge , Massachusetts , September 7 , 1968 ) was an American historian of France , as well as an historian of ideas .
Araceli Gilbert de Blomberg ( 1913 in Guayaquil , Ecuador -- 1993 in Quito ) , was an Ecuadorian artist .
David de Haen ( 1585 , Amsterdam -- 1622 , Rome ) , was a Dutch Caravaggesque painter and draughtsman , active in Rome between 1615 and 1622 .
Giuseppe Avanzi ( August 30 , 1645 - May 29 , 1718 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , mainly active in Ferrara .
Tito Lusiardo ( September 13 , 1896 - June 24 , 1982 in Buenos Aires ) was an iconic Argentine film actor and tango singer of the classic era .
Frederick Wallace Edwards FRS ( 28 November 1888 in Fletton , Peterborough -- 15 November 1940 in London ) , was an English entomologist who specialised in Diptera .
Francesco Fortugno ( Brancaleone , September 15 , 1951 -- Locri , October 16 , 2005 ) was an Italian politician and the Vice President of the Regional Assembly of Calabria .
Wenzel Lorenz Reiner ( Czech : Václav Vavřinec Reiner ; 8 August 1686 or 1689 -- 9 October 1743 ) was a Baroque painter who lived and died in Prague , Bohemia .
Moritz Heyne ( June 8 , 1837 , Weißenfels - March 1 , 1906 , Göttingen ) was a German Germanic linguist ( Germanist ) .
Prof David George Ritchie ( 1853 - -1903 ) was a Scottish philosopher who had a distinguished university career at Edinburgh , and Balliol College , Oxford , and after being fellow of Jesus College and a tutor at Balliol College was elected professor of logic and metaphysics at St Andrews .
Luigi Silori was born in Rome in 1921 , only son .
Antonio Vallisneri ( Trassilico,3 May 1661 -- Padua,18 January 1730 ) was an Italian medical scientist , physician and naturalist .
Johannes Jacobus , or J.J. Beijnes ( Haarlem,1814 -- Haarlem,1888 ) was a Dutch businessman and entrepreneur who , along with his brother Antonie Johannes ( A.J. ) Beijnes , was creditted with growing the Haarlem factory Beijnes into an international manufacturer of train and tram wagons .
Joachim Feller ( 30 November 1638 - 15 April 1691 ) was a German professor at the University of Leipzig and from 1675 head of its university library .
Thomas Benolt ( died 8 May 1534 ) was a long - serving officer of arms at the College of Arms in London .
Peter Henlein ( also spelled Henle or Hele ) ( 1485 - August 1542 ) , a locksmith and clockmaker of Nuremberg , Germany , is often considered the inventor of the watch .
Roger Broders ( born Paris , France , 1883 , died , Paris , 1953 ) was a French illustrator and artist best known for his travel posters promoting tourism destinations in France , typically fashionable beaches of the Côte d'Azur and skiing resorts in the French Alps in the early 20th century .
Joseph Charles Bequaert was an American naturalist of Belgian origin , born 24 May 1886 in Torhout ( Belgium ) and died on 12 January 1982 in Amherst , Massachusetts .
Nazareno Strampelli ( May 29 , 1866 , Crispiero , Castelraimondo - January 23 , 1942 , Rome ) was an Italian agronomist and plant breeder .
Jean Gehret ( January 10 , 1900 , Geneva , Switzerland - May 24 , 1956 , Paris , France ) was an actor and director , appearing in a few films directed by Jean Renoir , including La Chienne ( 1931 ) and Madame Bovary ( 1933 ) .
Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti ( 4 December 1735 , Vienna -- 17 February 1805 , Vienna ) was an Austrian naturalist and zoologist of Italian origin .
From the 1940s on , he also worked as a cultural promoter , establishing a number of cultural institutions especially in his home state of Guanajuato including the Museo de Arte Olga Costa - José Chávez Morado , named after himself and his wife , artist Olga Costa .
José Adriano Pequito Rebelo ( born 21 May 1892 in Gavião , Portugal - died 22 January 1983 in Lisbon ) was a Portuguese writer , politician and aviator .
Giulia Gonzaga joined a convent in Naples in 1535 ( at age 22 ) , and there met Juan de Valdés in 1536 .
Julien Duvivier ( 8 October 1896 , Lille -- 29 October 1967 , Paris ) was a French film director .
Jacob Neefs ( ( alternate spelling of surname : Neeffs and alternative first names : Jakob , Jacques and Jacobus ) ) ( Antwerp , 1610 -- Antwerp , after 1660 ) was a Flemish etcher , engraver and publisher .
Henri Konow was born on 7 February 1862 in Copenhagen , Denmark , the son of the diplomat and ship - owner Hans Jacob Hesselberg Konow and Ida Marie West .
Marlinde Massa ( 7 July 1944 ; Stuttgart--2 July 2014 ) was a German field hockey player .
Marcello Venusti ( 1512/5 -- 15 October 1579 ) was an Italian Mannerist painter active in Rome in mid 16th century .
Heinrich Pudor ( Aug 31 , 1865 in Loschwitz ( near Dresden ) -- Dec. 22 1943 in Leipzig ) was a German Volkish - nationalist pundit and a pioneer of nudist culture in Germany .
Charles McClung McGhee ( January 23 , 1828 -- May 5 , 1907 ) was an American industrialist and financier , active primarily in Knoxville , Tennessee , in the latter half of the nineteenth century .
Emil Gabrovitz ( also known 1875 - 1947 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian football player .
Luis Rechani Agrait ( June 22 , 1902 in Aguas Buenas , Puerto Rico -- December 12 , 1994 in San Juan , Puerto Rico ) , was a Puerto Rican poet , journalist , and playwright .
On 24 March 2012 Vince Lovegrove died , aged 65 , in a car accident at Federal , near Bangalow , New South Wales about 20 km west ( inland ) of Byron Bay .
Carola Stern ( born Ahlbeck 14 November 1925 : died Berlin 19 January 2006 ) was the name under which Erika Assmus reinvented herself as a serious journalist and ( subsequently ) author and politically committed television presenter , after she was obliged to relocate at short notice from East Germany to West Germany in 1951 .
Emil Zsigmondy 's grave is a few miles away from the accident site in the small cemetery of Saint - Christophe - en - Oisans in the Dauphiné Alps .
Cesare Mariani ( January 13 , 1826 in Rome -- 1901 ) was an Italian painter and architect of the late-19th century , active in Rome and Ascoli Piceno .
Renato Ziggiotti ( born in Campodoro , Padua , Italy on October 9 , 1892 - died in Albarè di Costermano in April 19 , 1983 ) was a Catholic Roman Priest of the Salesians of Don Bosco , who was the 5th Rector Major of that Order between 1952 and 1965 .
Caspar de Robles or Gaspard di Robles ( 1527 , Madrid , Spain -- 1585 , Antwerp ) , also known as Billy in Artois , was Stadholder of Friesland and Groningen at the beginning of the Eighty Years ' War ( reign : 1568 to 1576 ) .
Peter Zhang Bairen ( February 14 , 1915 -- October 12 , 2005 ) was the unofficial Bishop of Hanyang , China .
Ataur Rahman Khan was born in 1907 at Balia village in Dhamrai thana of Dhaka district .
John Thach died on April 15 , 1981 , in Coronado , California , four days before his 76th birthday , and was buried at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery in San Diego .
Claude Bowes - Lyon , 13th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne ( Redbourn , England 21 July 1824 -- Bordighera , Italy 16 February 1904 ) , styled The Honourable Claude Bowes - Lyon from 1847 to 1865 , was a British peer .
Jakob Meyer zum Hasen ( 1482 in Basel -- 1531 in Basel ) was the bürgermeister of the city of Basel from 1516 to 1521 .
Laurette Luez died on September 12 , 1999 in Milton , Florida , aged 71 , from undisclosed causes .
Marie - Madeleine Guimard ( 27 December 1743 , Paris -- 4 May 1816 ) was a French ballerina who dominated the Parisian stage during the reign of Louis XVI .
Charles Caryl Coleman ( 1840 , Buffalo , New York--1928 , Capri , Italy ) was an American - born Italian painter .
Anna Elisabeth of Anhalt - Bernburg ( 19 March 1647 in Bernburg -- 3 September 1680 in Bernstadt , now Bierutów ) , was a princess of Anhalt - Bernburg by birth and by marriage Duchess of Württemberg - Bernstadt .
Florence Oberle died at the Little Romano Sanitarium in North Glendale , California , in 1943 .
Siegfried Popper ( 5 January 1848 , Prague -- 19 April 1933 , Prague ) was an eminent naval architect in late - nineteenth- and early twentieth - century middle Europe .
Arthur Conolly ( 2 July 1807 , London - 17 June 1842 , Bukhara ) ( sometimes misspelled Connolly ) was a British intelligence officer , explorer and writer .
Karl Friedrich Nebenius ( 29 September 1784 , Rhodt - 8 June 1857 in Karlsruhe ) was a Baden minister and author of their 1818 constitution .
Henri Renaud ( 20 April 1925 in Villedieu - sur - Indre -- 17 October 2002 in Paris ) was a French jazz pianist and record company executive .
Maria Paternò Arezzo ( December 11 , 1869 , Ragusa Ibla , Sicily -- December 28 , 1908 , Messina ) , Princess of Castellaci , was an Italian noblewoman and philanthropist who is renowned for her charity bequest to build a hospital for the poor in her city of birth .
Boris Meissner ( August 10 , 1915 Pskov - September 10 , 2003 Cologne ) was a German lawyer and social scientist , specializing in international law and Eastern European history and politics .
Arthur Middleton ( June 26 , 1742 -- January 1 , 1787 ) , of Charleston , South Carolina , was a signatory of the United States Declaration of Independence .
Émile Cartailhac ( 15 February 1845 , Marseille -- 26 November 1921 , Geneva ) was a French prehistorian , one of the founding fathers of the studies of the cave art . He is perhaps best remembered because of his involvement with the Altamira paintings .
Manlio Rho ( 1901 -- 1957 ) was a painter born in Como , Italy .
Ralph Cudworth ( 1617 -- 26 June 1688 ) was an English philosopher , the leader of the Cambridge Platonists .
Misia Sert ( born Maria Zofia Olga Zenajda Godebska ; March 30 , 1872 -- October 15 , 1950 ) was a pianist of Polish descent who hosted an artistic salon in Paris .
Moncef Chelli , born 11 February 1936 in Tunis and died 18 March 1994 in Paris , was a Franco - Tunisian philosopher and writer .
Gregory of Heimburg ( Gregorius Heimburgensis ) ( b. at Würzburg in the beginning of the fifteenth century ; d. at Tharandt near Dresden , August , 1472 ) was a German jurist , humanist and statesman .
Murdock MacKinnon ( March 15 , 1865 in Brooklyn -- October 12 , 1944 in Charlottetown ) was a Canadian politician and served as the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island .
After Stalin 's death in 1953 Lina Stern was allowed to return to Moscow and in 1954 - -1968 she headed the Department of Physiology at Biophysics Institute .
Tsewang Samanla was one among three Indians who died on Mount Everest in 1996 Mount Everest disaster .
Otto Unverdorben ( 13 October 1806 - 28 November 1873 ) was a German chemist and merchant who was born in Dahme / Marke .
Giulio Turcato ( Mantua , 16 March 1912 -- Rome , 22 January 1995 ) was an Italian artist , belonging to both figurative and abstract expressionist currents .
Paolo Luigioni ( 9 February 1873 , Rome - 6 May 1937 , Rome ) was an Italian entomologist .
Theodor Adrian von Renteln ( September 15 , 1897 in Khodz , Georgia , then Russian Empire -- 1946 in Soviet Union ( disputed ) ) was an activist and politician in Nazi Germany .
She was born Victoria de los Ángeles López García in the porter 's lodge of the University of Barcelona to Bernardo Lopez Gómez ( or Gamez ) , a university caretaker , and Victoria García .
Karl Weinbacher ( 23 June 1898 in Stettin -- 16 May 1946 in Hamelin ) was a German manager and war criminal who was executed after conviction by a British war tribunal .
Walter Bornschein was killed on 27 April 1944 when he was hit by enemy fire while flying over Schweinfurt .
Inés Rodena ( April 20 , 1905 in Havana , Cuba -- April 15 , 1985 in Miami , USA ) was a Cuban radio and television writer .
Martin Weber ( 9 December 1890 in Frankfurt am Main -- 27 February 1941 ) was a German architect who designed Catholic churches .
Abdelkader Ben Bouali ( 25 October 1912 in Sendjas , Chlef Province -- 23 February 1997 in Algiers ) was a professional French footballer .
Marietta Canty was born in Hartford , Connecticut , the daughter of Mary and Henry Canty , who attended the Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church and actively canvassed for the Republican Party .
Michele Stefano de Rossi ( 30 October 1834 , Rome - 23 October 1898 , Rocca di Papa ) was an Italian seismologist .
Luca Forte ( c. 1615 - -c . 1670 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly as a still - life painter in Naples .
Arthur Willis ( born 2 February 1920 in Denaby , Conisbrough , Yorkshire , -- died 7 November 1987 ) was a professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur , Swansea City , Haverfordwest and England .
Anthonie van Borssom ( January 2 , 1631 in Amsterdam -- March 19 , 1677 in Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter .
Paul Scardon ( 6 May 1874 in Melbourne , Australia -- 17 January 1954 in Fontana , California ) was an actor , a producer , and a director on both Australian and New York stages .
Leon Pasternak ( 12 August 1910 , Lemberg , Austro - Hungarian Empire ( soon became Lwow , Poland , now Lviv , Ukraine ) - 14 November 1969 Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish poet and satirist .
Felix McGrogan ( 27 July 1914 - 13 December 1989 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Blackburn Rovers , Dunfermline Athletic , Falkirk , Kilmarnock and Dumbarton .
Héctor Anglada ( January 31 , 1976 in Villa Carlos Paz , Córdoba Province , Argentina -- March 2 , 2002 in Burzaco , Buenos Aires , Argentina in a road accident ) was a film and television actor .
Howie Schultz died on October 30 , 2009 , aged 87 , after a brief battle with cancer , in Chaska , Minnesota .
Alfred Jahn ( April 22 , 1915 , Kleparów , near Lwów ( L'viv ) -- April 1 , 1999 , Wrocław ) was a Polish geographer , geomorphologist , polar explorer and rector of Wrocław University .
Sulejman Delvina ( 5 October 1884 , Delvinë - 1 August 1933 , Vlorë ) was an Albanian politician and prime minister from March to November 1920 .
Paul Alverdes ( 6 May 1897 , Strasbourg - 28 February 1979 , Munich ) was a German novelist and poet .
Beaumont Asquith ( 16 September 1910 -- 12 April 1977 ) was an English footballer who played for Barnsley , Manchester United and Bradford City .
Federico Halbherr ( Rovereto , then in the Austro - Hungarian Empire , 15 February 1857 -- Rome , 17 July 1930 ) was an Italian archaeologist and epigrapher , known for his excavations of Crete .
Rudolf Mauersberger ( born 29 January 1889 in Mauersberg , Saxony , died 22 February 1971 in Dresden ) was a German choral conductor and composer .
John Wesley Young ( November 17 , 1879 , Columbus , Ohio , to February 17 , 1932 , Hanover , New Hampshire ) was an American mathematician who , with Oswald Veblen , introduced the axioms of projective geometry , coauthored a 2-volume work on them , and proved the Veblen--
Jacques Denis Antoine ( 6 August 1733 , Paris - 24 August 1801 ) was a French architect .
Zeki Müren ( Turkish pronunciation : ( zeˈci myˈɾen ) ) ( born in Bursa , Turkey on 6 December 1931 , died in İzmir on 24 September 1996 ) was a prominent Turkish singer , composer , and actor .
Detlev Peukert ( September 20 , 1950 in Gütersloh -- May 17 , 1990 in Hamburg ) was a German historian , noted for his studies of the relationship between what he called the `` spirit of science '' and the Holocaust and in social history and the Weimar Republic .
Pierre - Joseph Thoulier d'Olivet , Abbot of Olivet ( 1 April 1682 , Salins - les - Bains -- 8 October 1768 , Paris ) was a French abbot , writer , grammarian and translator .
Ida Hawley died on 9 December 1908 in New York City at Alston 's Sanitarium on West 61st Street from complications following an operation for appendicitis .
Robert Dearing , usually credited as R. E. Dearing ( 1893 - February 1968 , Hillingdon ) , was an English film editor .
Nicolaas van Eyck I or Nicolaas van Eijck ( I ) ( 1617 , Antwerp -- 1679 , Antwerp ) , was a Flemish painter of landscapes , equestrian and battle scenes and portraits .
Chicago Tribune journalist Arch Ward was offered the position of commissioner , but he turned it down and suggested Elmer Layden for the position .
Abraham - Louis Perrelet , ( 9 January 1729 -- 1826 ) , born in Neuchâtel in Switzerland , was a Swiss horologist .
Dr Wilhelm Ferdinand Erichson ( 26 November 1809 in Stralsund - 18 December 1848 in Berlin ) was a German entomologist .
Alan Branscombe ( 4 June 1936 , Wallasey - 27 October 1986 , London ) was an English jazz pianist , vibraphonist , and alto saxophonist .
Leonardo de Mango ( 19 February 1843 -- 1930 ) was an Italian Orientalist painter who lived and worked for most of his career in Istanbul .
Saint Philastrius ( also Philaster or Filaster ) Bishop of Brescia , was one of the bishops present at a synod held in Aquileia in 381 .
Jānis Ikaunieks ( 28 April 1912 Riga -- 27 April 1969 Riga ) was a Latvian astronomer , the founder of the Observatory of the Latvian Academy of Sciences ( LAS ) at Baldones Riekstukalns and its first director ( 1958 - 1969 ) .
Georges Davy ( French : ( davi ) ; 31 December 1883 , Bernay -- 27 July 1976 , Coutances ) was a French sociologist .
Jonathan Bayard Smith ( February 21 , 1742 -- June 16 , 1812 ) was an American merchant from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Bernhard Egidius Konrad ten Brink ( January 12 , 1841 in Amsterdam -- January 29 , 1892 in Strasbourg ) was a German philologist .
Upon his retirement in 1955 , Lt . General Daniel Noce purchased a 1200 acre farm near Sperryville , Virginia and produced award winning yields of corn and prized Black Angus beef .
Theoderich von Wied ( also called Dietrich von Wied or Theodoric II ) was the Archbishop of Trier from 1212 to 1242 AD and Prince - elector .
Pietro Testa ( 1611 - -1650 ) was an Italian High Baroque artist , best known , both to his contemporaries and modern appreciation , as a printmaker and draftsman , who was active in Rome .
Marianne Van Hirtum ( 20 July 1925 , Namur -- 11 June 1988 , Paris ) was a Belgian author writing in the French language , connected with the surrealist movement .
Louis - Jacques - Paul Bergon ( 27 September 1863 , Paris -- 27 January 1912 ) was a French photographer , musician and naturalist .
Kujtim Majaci ( born in Fier , 20 March 1962 - 14 July 2009 ) was an Albanian football player .
Richerus or Richer of Reims ( fl . 10th century ) was a monk of Saint - Remi , just outside Reims , and a historian , an important source for the contemporary kingdom of France .
Walter Hohmann ( 18 March 1880 in Hardheim , Germany -- 11 March 1945 in Essen , Germany ) was a German engineer who made an important contribution to the understanding of orbital dynamics .
Frank Tarloff ( February 4 , 1916 , Brooklyn , New York -- June 25 , 1999 , Beverly Hills , California ) was a blacklisted American screenwriter who won an Academy Award for best original screenplay for Father Goose .
Carlo Alberto Castigliano ( 9 November 1847 , Asti -- 25 October 1884 , Milan ) was an Italian mathematician and physicist known for Castigliano 's method for determining displacements in a linear - elastic system based on the partial derivatives of strain energy .
Carl Friedländer ( 19 November 1847 , Brieg ( Brzeg ) , Silesia -- 13 May 1887 , Meran ( Merano ) , County of Tyrol ) was a German pathologist and microbiologist who helped discover the bacterial cause of pneumonia in 1882 .
Samson Flexor ( born Samson Modestovich Flexor ; 9 September 1907 , in Soroca , Bessarabia , Imperial Russia -- 31 July 1971 , in São Paulo , Brazil ) was a French and Brazilian artist , and founder of the Brazilian abstract art .
Otto Weidinger died January 10 , 1990 , aged 75 , in Aalen , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
María Elena Walsh was born in Villa Sarmiento , Ramos Mejía , Greater Buenos Aires , to an English railway worker , of Irish descent , who played the piano and an Argentine woman of Andalusian descent .
Joseph Hillebrand ( 24 August 1788 Großdüngen ( near Hildesheim ) - 25 January 1871 Bad Soden am Taunus ) was a German novelist , philosopher and historian of literature .
Israel Aksenfeld ( Nemirov , Ukraine , Russian Empire , ca . 1787 - Paris , France , ca . 1868 ) was a Judæo - German writer .
Pietro Buscaglia ( born February 9 , 1911 in Turin ; died July 12 , 1997 in Vigevano ) was an Italian professional football player .
Georg Christian Dieffenbach ( 4 December 1822 Schlitz , Hesse - 10 May 1901 Schlitz ) was a German poet and theologian .
Gold Selleck Silliman ( 1732 - -1790 ) was born in Fairfield , Connecticut , graduated from Yale University and practiced law and served as a crown attorney before the American Revolution .
Mazyar was shortly brought to Samarra , where he was executed .
John Frederick Amelung ( 1741 - -1798 ) , was a German glass artist active in Maryland .
Dante Carnesecchi ( b. Vezzano Ligure , 12 March 1892 -- d. La Spezia , 29 March 1921 ) was an Italian individualist anarchist associated with left wing futurism alongside other individualist anarchists such as Renzo Novatore , Leda Rafanelli , Auro d'Arcola , and Giovanni Governato .
Arthur Goldreich ( 1929 -- 24 May 2011 ) was a South African - Israeli abstract painter and a key figure in the anti - apartheid movement in the country of his birth and a critic of the form of Zionism practiced in Israel .
Charles - André Julien taught at the Mohammed V University of Rabat and the Sorbonne of Paris .
Cowboy Morgan Evans died at home in Bonham , Texas , of an apparent heart attack .
Blessed Meinwerk ( c. 975 -- 5 June 1036 ) was the Bishop of Paderborn from 1009 until his death .
Norbert Goeneutte ( 23 July 1854 , Paris - 9 October 1894 , Auvers - sur - Oise ) was a French painter , engraver and illustrator ; notably for the novel La Terre by Émile Zola .
Aladar Imre ( February 14 , 1898 - 1937/1938 ) was a Romanian trade unionist , communist militant and member - elect of the Romanian Parliament , executed in the Soviet Union during the Great Purge .
Paul Diderichsen ( 16 August 1905 , Copenhagen -- 9 October 1964 , Copenhagen ) was a Danish linguist who is known for his model of sentence structure in Danish which has been widely applied to describe the syntax of languages with fixed word order , such as the mainland Scandinavian languages .
Carlo Donida Labati ( 30 October 1920 , in Milan -- 22 April 1998 , in Porto Valtravaglia ) was an Italian composer and pianist .
Grigorios Maraslis ( Greek : Γρηγόριος Μαρασλής , Russian : Григорий Григорьевич Маразли ; 25 July 1831 -- 1 May 1907 ) was an official of the Russian Empire and long - time mayor of Odessa ( 1878 - -1895 ) of Greek origin .
Vico Torriani ( September 21 , 1920 in Geneva as Ludovico Oxens Torriani -- February 26 , 1998 in Agno , Ticino ) was a Swiss actor and Schlager singer .
Broncia Koller - Pinell ( 25 February 1863 , Sanok - 26 April 1934 , Oberwaltersdorf ) was an Austrian Expressionist painter who specialized in portraits and still - lifes .
Chela Cordero ( born Zaira Cordero in Mendoza , 1892 - March 24 , 1982 in Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine actress .
Eugen Zintgraff ( born January 16 , 1858 in Düsseldorf , died December 4 , 1897 on Tenerife ) was a German explorer .
Carl Reinhold August Wunderlich ( August 4 , 1815 , Sulz am Neckar -- September 25 , 1877 , Leipzig ) was a German physician , pioneer psychiatrist , and medical professor .
Émile Colinus ( born 1884 in Paris , died 1966 in Paris ) , was a French painter and illustrator .
Jacob Abendana ( 1630 -- September 12 , 1685 ) was hakham of London from 1680 until his death .
Daniel Itzig ( also known as Daniel Yoffe 18 March 1723 in Berlin -- 17 May 1799 in Potsdam ) was a Court Jew of Kings Frederick II the Great and Frederick William II of Prussia .
Bruno of Cologne ( Cologne c. 1030 -- Serra San Bruno 6 October 1101 ) was the founder of the Carthusian Order , personally founded the order 's first two communities .
Johannes Conrad was a Professor of economics in Halle ( Saale ) , Prussian Germany .
Nikolaus Dumba ( 24 July 1830 , Vienna - 23 March 1900 , Budapest ) was an Austrian industrialist and liberal politician of Greek - Aromanian descent .
Paulus Hector Mair ( 1517 - -1579 ) was an Augsburg civil servant , and active in the martial arts of his time .
Bengt Sundkler ( May 7 1908 Degerfors , Västerbotten , Sweden - April 5 1995 , Uppsala , Sweden ) was a Swedish - Tanzanian Church historian , missiologist , professor and bishop of Bukoba .
Saint Émilie de Villeneuve ( 9 March 1811 -- 2 October 1854 ) was a Roman Catholic French nun and the founder of the Sisters of Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception of Castres .
Matteo Pertsch ( German : Matthäus Pertsch ) ( 1769 -- April 11 , 1834 ) was an Austrian classical architect responsible for many historic structures in Trieste .
Helmut Bohlens was killed in action on 19 April 1943 over the Mediterranean Sea .
Marie Epstein ( born Marie - Antonine Epstein ; 14 August 1899 , Warsaw - 24 April 1995 , Paris ) was an actress , scenarist , film director , and film preservationist .
Victor Millan , whose real name was Joseph Brown , ( August 1 , 1920 -- April 3 , 2009 ) was an American actor , academic and former Dean of the theatre arts department at Santa Monica College in Santa Monica , California .
George de Godzinsky ( 5 July 1914 , Saint Peterburg , Russia -- 23 May 1994 , Helsinki , Finland ) was a Russian - Finnish composer and conductor .
François Barthélemy Michel Édouard Cibot ( 1799 - -1877 ) was a French historical and landscape painter born in Paris .
Johann Georg Sulzer ( German : ( ˈzʊltsər ) ; 16 October 1720 in Winterthur -- 27 February 1779 in Berlin ) was a Swiss professor of Mathematics , who later on moved on to the field of electricity .
Rev. Pauli Murray died of pancreatic cancer in the house she owned with a lifelong friend , Maida Springer Kemp , in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , on July 1 , 1985 .
Danilo Alvim was an amateur playing with América when Flávio Costa 's Rio de Janeiro squad practiced against them in 1941 .
Gustav von Myrdacz ( born 12 July 1874 in Vienna ; died 11 July 1945 in Tirana ) was an Austrian noble who was instrumental in organising the Royal Albanian Army from the early 1920s to 1945 .
Anton Ausserer ( 5 July 1843 in Bozen ( Bolzano ) , Tyrol -- 20 July 1889 in Graz ) was an Austrian naturalist specialising in spiders .
Adele Faccio ( November 13 , 1920 in Pontebba , Udine -- February 8 , 2007 in Rome ) was an Italian politician and deputy of the Radical Party ( Partito Radicale ) .
Bernardo di Matteo del Borra Gamberelli ( 1409 Settignano -- 23.9.1464 Florence ) , better known as Bernardo Rossellino , was an Italian sculptor and architect , the elder brother of the sculptor Antonio Rossellino .
Amschel Moses Rothschild ( c. 1710 -- 6 October 1755 ) was an 18th - century German Jewish moneychanger and trader in silk cloth in the Frankfurter Judengasse , the Jewish ghetto in the Free Imperial City of Frankfurt am Main in present - day Germany .
Count Fran Đivo Gundulić or Francesco Giovanni Gondola ; ( born 1633 , Dubrovnik - died 1700 , Vienna ) was a member of an old noble family from Dubrovnik ( then Republic of Ragusa ) , the House of Gundulić .
Balthasar Beschey ( 1708 , Antwerp -- 1776 , Antwerp ) was a Flemish painter , draughtsman and decorative painter of interiors .
Joseph - Jacques Ramée ( April 26 , 1764 in Charlemont , France -- May 18 , 1842 at the Chateau de Beaurains , Noyon ) was a French architect , interior designer , and landscape architect working within the neoclassicist idiom .
Thomas Grynaeus , also Thomas Griner , ( 1512 Veringendorf-- 2 August 1564 Rötteln ) was a theologian , reformer and pastor .
Anna Simms Banks ( 1862 - -1923 ) was an African - American educator and political figure from Winchester , Kentucky .
Wilhelm Uhde ( 28 October 1874 , Friedeberg , Province of Brandenburg ( now Poland ) -- 17 August 1947 , Paris ) was a German art collector , dealer , author and critic , an early collector of modernist painting , and a significant figure in the career of Henri Rousseau .
Pietro Porcinai ( Florence , Italy 1910 - -1986 ) is renowned as one of the most outstanding Italian landscape architects of the twentieth century .
Jean - Louis Aristide Hignard ( Nantes 20 May 1822 - Vernon 20 March 1898 ) , was a French composer of light opera notable as a friend of Jules Verne , also from Nantes and six years Hignard 's junior , some of whose librettos and verse he set to music .
Antoine Rater ( 26 April 1729 , Lyon -- 4 August 1794 Miribel ) was a French architect .
Arthur Villeneuve , C.M. ( January 4 , 1910 , Chicoutimi , Quebec - May 24 , 1990 , Montreal , Quebec ) was a Québécois painter and member of the Order of Canada .
Konrad Wachsmann ( May 16 , 1901 in Frankfurt an der Oder , Germany -- November 25 , 1980 in Los Angeles , California ) was a German modernist architect .
Elmer Rice lived for many years on a wooded estate in Stamford , Connecticut , until his death in Southampton , England , in 1967 while on a trip with third wife , Barbara .
Frank Sheeran was born in Darby , Pennsylvania , a small working - class borough on the outskirts of Philadelphia .
Frederick Forrest Peabody ( July 6 , 1859 -- February 23 , 1927 ) was a prominent citizen of Santa Barbara , California in the early twentieth century .
Georgios Prokopiou ( Greek : Γεώργιος Προκοπίου ; 1876 , in Smyrna -- 20 December 1940 , near Tepelenë ) was a Greek war artist , photographer and documentary film maker .
Arnold Johan Messenius ( Gdańsk , 1607 - Stockholm , 1651 ) was a Swedish enfant terrible and Rikshistoriograf who was condemned to death and executed under the reign of Christina , Queen of Sweden .
Georg Carabelli , Edler von Lunkaszprie ( Squire of Lunkaszprie ) ( Hungarian : Carabelli György ) ( December 11 , 1787 , Pest -- October 24 , 1842 , Vienna ) was a prominent Hungarian dentist and professor of dental surgery in Vienna .
Hans Müller - Schlösser ( 1884 - -1956 ) was a German poet and playwright closely associated with his native city of Düsseldorf .
Jan Piotr Sapieha ( English : John Peter Sapieha , 1569 - -1611 ) was a Polish nobleman , general , politician , diplomat , governor of Uświat county , member of the Parliament and a skilled commander of the Polish troops stationing in the Moscow Kremlin .
Martín Rico y Ortega ( 12 November 1833 , El Escorial -- 13 April 1908 , Venice , Italy ) was a Spanish painter of landscapes and cityscapes .
Conrad Weygand ( 8 November 1890 -- 18 April 1945 ) was Professor of Chemistry at the University of Leipzig .
Roger Caron was born in 1938 , to extremely poor parents Donat and Yvonne in Cornwall , Ontario , Canada .
Jean - Michel Beysser ( Ribeauvillé , 4 November 1753 -- Paris , 13 April 1794 ) was a French general .
Antonio Annarumma ( January 10 1947 Monteforte Irpino -- November 19 , 1969 Milan ) was an Italian policeman .
Richard Rudolf Walzer , FBA ( 14 July 1900 , Berlin -- 16 April 1975 , Oxford ) was a German - born British expert on Greek philosophy .
Pierre Charron was born in Paris , one of the twenty - five children of a bookseller .
William Allman , M.D. ( 1776 - -1846 ) , professor of botany at Dublin , was born at Kingston , Jamaica , on 7 Feb. 1776 , but his parents removed to Ireland before he was four years of age , his mother being a native of Waterford .
Éva Ruttkai ( 31 December 1927 , Budapest -- 27 September 1986 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian actress , well known from her work on stage , cinema , and television productions .
Gerd Wedler ( 19 August 1929 in Braunschweig , Germany -- 13 September 2008 in Erlangen , Germany ) was a German chemist .
Apollonie Sabatier ( born Aglaé Joséphine Savatier ; 1822 - -1890 ) was a French courtesan , artists ' muse and bohémienne in 1850s Paris .
Marin Marais ( French : ( maʁɛ̃ maʁɛ ) ; 31 May 1656 , Paris -- 15 August 1728 , Paris ) was a French composer and viol player .
Angelos Mavropoulos ( Greek : Άγγελος Μαυρόπουλος , 1901 in Asia Minor ( now Turkey ) -- 5 March 1979 in Athens , Greece ) was a Greek actor .
Jean - Louis Alléon - Dulac was born in Saint - Étienne , Loire , the son of an adviser of the king .
Ibn Hisham has been said to have grown up in Basra and moved afterwards to Egypt , while others have narrated that his family was descended from Basra but he himself was born in Old Cairo .
Lewis Saul Benjamin , ( pen name , Lewis Melville ) ( 1874 - -1932 ) was an English author , born in London , England and educated privately in England and Germany .
Yoshio Kondo ( 1910 , on Maui , Hawaii - 1990 , on Oahu , Hawaii ) was a biologist and malacologist .
Werner Tübke ( 30 July 1929 Schönebeck , Germany -- 27 May 2004 Leipzig , Germany ) was a German painter , best known for his monumental Peasants ' War Panorama located in Bad Frankenhausen .
Franco Fraticelli ( 30 August 1928 in Rome , Italy--26 April 2012 in Rome ) was an Italian film editor with more than 150 film credits .
August Ferdinand von Veltheim ( 18 September 1741 Harbke - 2 October 1801 . Braunschweig ) was a German mineralogist and geologist , and came from the aristocratic family of Veltheim .
Noe Canjura ( Apopa , El Salvador , August 14 , 1922 - Morienval , France , September 29 , 1970 ) was a Salvadoran painter and a prominent figure in 20th century modern art in France .
Baldomero Sanín Cano ( 1861 in Rionegro , Antioquia -- 1957 in Bogotá ) was a Colombian essayist , journalist , linguist , humanist and university professor .
Shami Kermashani ( in Kurdish : شامی کرماشانی ) , also known as Shamurad Mushtaq , ( 1927-November 23 , 1984),was a famous Kurdish poet from the city of Kermanshah from Iran - also known as Iranian Kurdistan .
Günther Rücker ( February 2 , 1924 Reichenberg ( Liberec ) - February 24 , 2008 Meiningen ) was a German writer , playwright and film director .
Alexander Brullov was born in Saint Petersburg into a family of French artists : his great grandfather , his grandfather , his father and his brothers ( including Karl Brullov ) were artists .
Romulus Bărbulescu ( October 27 , 1925 , Sulina -- February 9 , 2010 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian science - fiction writer .
Eldon P. Wyman ( 11 January 1917 - 7 December 1941 ) was an ensign serving aboard the USS Oklahoma ( BB-37 ) when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941 .
Harold Rosenberg ( February 2 , 1906 , New York City -- July 11 , 1978 , New York City ) was an American writer , educator , philosopher and art critic .
Willem Romeyn ( ca.1624 , Haarlem -- after 1693 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter .
Kazimierz Serocki ( 2 May 1922 -- 9 January 1981 ) was a Polish composer and one of the founders of the Warsaw Autumn contemporary music festival .
Lloyd Lonergan ( 3 March 1870 , Chicago , Illinois - 6 April 1937 , New York ) was one of the most prolific scenario and screenwriters in American silent film .
Paul Best ( Hutton Cranswick c.1590 - Driffield , 1657 ) was one of the first British converts to the `` Socinian '' Polish Brethren , and one of the first Unitarians to be imprisoned .
The David Rocastle Trust is a charity based in London , UK founded in memory of Rocastle .
Strachan Bethune ( November 6 , 1821 -- March 8 , 1910 ) , Q.C. , twice Bâtonnier of Montreal and the 1st Anglican Chancellor of the Diocese of Montreal .
Roger Proot ( born 21 November 1905 in Woumen - died 29 September 1971 in Bruges ) was a Belgian football player .
Jacques Carlu ( 7 April 1890 Bonnières - sur - Seine - 3 December 1976 Paris ) was a French architect and designer , working mostly in Art Deco style , active in France , Canada , and in the United States .
Pieter de Molijn ( 6 April 1595 in London -- 23 March 1661 in Haarlem ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and engraver born in England .
Albert Hay Malotte ( Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , May 19 , 1895-Los Angeles on November 16 , 1964 ) was an American pianist , organist , composer and educator .
Jan Linsen ( Hoorn , 1602 or 1603 -- Hoorn , May 26 , 1635 ) was a Dutch painter of mythological and historical themes .
Jean Tinguely died in 1991 at the age of 66 years in the Bern Hospital after a heart illness .
Albert Nicholas ( May 27 , 1900 , New Orleans , Louisiana -- September 3 , 1973 , Basel , Switzerland ) was an American jazz reed player .
Antoni Melchior Fijałkowski ( Pszczew , near Poznań , January 3 , 1778 -- October 5 , 1861 , Warsaw ) was the Archbishop Metropolitan of Warsaw and spiritual leader of the nation during the Partitions of Poland .
Walter Johannes Stein ( 6 February 1891 , in Vienna -- 7 July 1957 , in London ) was an Austrian philosopher , Waldorf school teacher , Grail researcher , and one of the pioneers of anthroposophy .
Vincenzo Monaco ( 20 July 1911 , Rome -- 3 March 1969 , Rome ) was an Italian architect .
Berthold of Calabria ( French : Berthold de Malifaye ; Latin : Bertoldus Calabriensis ; died 1195 ) was a Norman French crusader who instituted a hermit colony on Mount Carmel in 1185 .
Mildred McDaniel - Singleton died in Pasadena , California , aged 70 , from undisclosed causes .
Caridad Bravo Adams ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaɾiˈðað ˈbɾaβo ˈaðams ) ) ( born on January 14 , 1908 in Villahermosa , Tabasco -- August 13 , 1990 in Mexico City ) was a prolific Mexican writer and the most famous telenovela writer worldwide .
Juana Reina Castrillo , Juanita Reina , alias La Reina de la Copla ( Copla Queen ) ( August 25 , 1925 in Seville -- March 19 , 1999 in Seville ) was a Spanish actress and copla singer .
Fanny Churberg ( 12 December 1845 Vaasa -- 10 May 1892 Helsinki ) was a Finnish landscape painter .
William Loughton Smith ( 1758 -- December 19 , 1812 ) was an American lawyer from Charleston , South Carolina .
Joachim Lütkemann ( 15 December 1608 , Demmin - 18 October 1655 , Wolfenbüttel ) was a German Lutheran theologian and writer of devotional literature .
Charles II , Duke of Bourbon ( Château de Moulins , 1434 - -September 13 , 1488 , Lyon ) , was Archbishop of Lyon from an early age and a French diplomat under the rule of Louis XI of France .
Devery Freeman , born Feb. 13 , 1913 in Brooklyn , died Oct 07 , 2005 in Los Angeles was a screen writer , novelist and union activist who helped to establish the Writers Guild of America .
Sawai Bhawani Singh , was admitted to a private hospital in Gurgaon , Haryana on 29 March and died on 17 April 2011 following multi - organ failure .
John McClannahan Crockett ( December 26 , 1816 -- August 4 , 1887 ) was a Texan lawyer , mayor of Dallas , and the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Texas .
Innocenzo Fraccaroli ( 1805 , in Castelrotto di Valpolicella ( Verona ) -- 1882 , in Milan ) was an Italian sculptor .
Ferdinand Pfohl ( German : ( pfoːl ) ; 12 October 1862 , Elbogen , Bohemia , Austria - Hungary , now Loket n . O. , Czech Republic -- 16 December 1949 , Hamburg - Bergedorf ) , was a German music critic , music writer and composer .
Jean - François Heymans , also Jan Frans Heymans ( 25 December 1859 , Gooik -- 10 April 1932 , Middelkerke ) was a Belgian pharmacologist and physiologist .
Selvarajah Rajivarnam ( 1982 -- April 29 , 2007 ) was a young minority Sri Lankan Tamil journalist from Jaffna , Sri Lanka .
Ernest Mamboury ( 1 April 1878 - 23 September 1953 ) was a Swiss scholar renowned for his works on the historic structures in Turkish cities , particularly on Byzantine art and architecture in Istanbul .
Johann Georg Schwarz ( Иван Григорьевич Шварц ; 1751 - -1784 ) was a philosophy professor at the Moscow University who headed the Russian branch of the Rosicrucian Society .
Peter Reichensperger ( b. at Coblenz , 28 May 1810 - d. at Berlin , 31 December 1892 ) was a German jurist and parliamentarian .
Dula Bhaya Kag ( November 25 , 1902 - February 22 , 1977 ) was an Indian poet , songwriter , writer , and artist born in 1902 in Kagdham ( Majadar ) , a village in the Saurashtra Region , near Mahuva in Gujarat , India .
John Sjoberg ( 12 June 1941 -- 2 October 2008 ) was a Scottish footballer who played 15 seasons for Leicester City between 1958 and 1973 .
William Dana Orcutt was an important book and typeface designer in Boston , an important printmaking and bookmaking center , in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century .
Edward Vermilye Huntington ( April 26 , 1874 , Clinton , New York , USA -- November 25 , 1952 , Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA ) was an American mathematician .
Giovanni Battista Doria ( 1470 -- March 1563 ) was a doge of Genoa .
Count Nicolò Minato ( b. Bergamo , ca . 1627 ; d. Vienna , 28 February 1698 ) was an Italian poet , librettist and impresario .
After creating four clay sculptures to memorialize his children , Ivan Meštrović died in early 1962 at the age of 79 , in South Bend , Indiana at St. Joseph Hospital .
François Pidou de Saint Olon ( 1640 , Touraine - 1720 , Paris ) was a French diplomat under Louis XIV .
Rudolf Miele ( November 4 , 1929 , in Gütersloh , Westphalia -- August 19 , 2004 , in Gütersloh ) was a German entrepreneur .
Fernand Augereau ( Naintré , 23 November 1882 - - Combrée , 26 July 1958 ) was a successful early twentieth century French road racing cyclist .
Egide Linnig or Egidius Linnig ( Antwerp , 25 August 1821 -- Sint Willibrords , Antwerp , 13 October 1860 ) was a Belgian painter , draughtsman and engraver who is best known for his marine art and occasional genre scenes .
Georg Heinrich Zincke or Georg Heinrich Zincken ( 27 September 1692 , Altenroda -- 15 August 1769 , Braunschweig ) was a German jurist and cameralist .
Max Linde ( 14 June 1862 -- 23 April 1940 in Lübeck ) was an ophthalmologist who is best known as a patron and art collector of the early 20th century .
Born in Lausanne , Maurice Chappaz spent his childhood between Martigny and the abbey of Le Châble , in the Swiss canton of Valais .
Gabriel Ramanantsoa ( 13 April 1906 Antananarivo - 9 May 1979 Paris ) was the President and Prime Minister of Madagascar from 1972 to 1975 .
Born in Darlington , Tommy Atkin started out with his home town club Darlington in 1925 who were in the Second Division , having their highest ever League finsh that season .
John Wellborn Root ( January 10 , 1850 -- January 15 , 1891 ) was an American architect who was based in Chicago with Daniel Burnham .
Heinz Traimer ( 1921 - 2002 ) was a German graphic designer and advertising copywriter who lived and worked in Vienna .
Lieutenant Colonel Óscar Osorio died in Methodist Hospital in Houston , Texas , USA , as a result of kidney failure complicated by pneumonia .
Jean - Eugène Buland is a French painter , born on October 26 , 1852 , in Paris , and died in 1926 in Charly - sur - Marne in the Aisne .
Watzenrode was born in Thorn ( Toruń ) , son of the merchant Lucas Watzenrode the Elder ( 1400 - -62 ) .
Margaret of Brunswick - Lüneburg ( 1442 -- 8 April 1512 in Wienhausen ) was a princess of Brunswick - Lüneburg by birth and by marriage a Duchess of Mecklenburg - Stargard .
Giuseppe Astarita ( Naples , 1707 -- Naples , 1775 ) was an Italian architect and engineer of the late - Baroque or Rococo period .
Rudolf Ernst ( 14 February 1854 , Vienna - 1932 , Fontenay - aux - Roses ) was an Austro - French painter , printmaker and ceramics painter who is best known for his orientalist motifs .
Paul Raud ( 22 October ( O.S. 10 October ) 1865 in Kirikuküla , Viru - Jaagupi Parish -- 22 November 1930 in Tallinn ) was an Estonian painter .
Captain George Duff RN ( c. 1 February 1764 -- 21 October 1805 ) was a British naval officer during the American War of Independence , the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars , who was killed by a cannonball at the Battle of Trafalgar .
Jan Anton Garemyn ( or Garemijn ) ( 1712 - 1799 ) , a Flemish painter and engraver , was born at Bruges , and studied under Louis Boons and Matthias de Visch .
Friedrich Wilhelm Hans Ludendorff ( Dunowo , 26 May 1873 - Potsdam , 26 June 1941 ) was a German astronomer and astrophysicist .
Constance Baker Motley ( September 14 , 1921 -- September 28 , 2005 ) was an African - American civil rights activist , lawyer , judge , state senator , and Borough President of Manhattan , New York City .
Edwin Atwater ( September 14 , 1808 in Williston , Vermont -- June 18 , 1874 in Montreal ) was a Canadian businessman , corporate director and municipal politician in Montreal .
Ambrosius Francken II , also called the younger , to distinguish him from his uncle of the same name , was born at Antwerp in the latter part of the 16th century .
Maxwell Mays died at his home in the Greene section of Coventry , Rhode Island on November 16 , 2009 .
Oberto Spinola was an Italian politician , a leader of the Republic of Genoa in the 13th century .
Aby Warburg was born in Hamburg into the wealthy Warburg family of German Jewish bankers .
Count Pavel Andreyevich Shuvalov ( Russian : Па́вел Андре́евич Шува́лов ; Leipzig / Saint Petersburg , 25 November ( O.S. 13 November ) 1830 -- Yalta , 20 April ( O.S. 7 April ) 1908 ) was an Imperial Russian statesman and the brother of Count Pyotr Andreyevich Shuvalov .
In the 1980s , Cheikha Rimitti moved to Paris , loosening her ties with the Algerian authorities but never cutting herself off from the Algerian people , her first fans .
Milan Ružić ( 25 July 1955 in Rijeka , Yugoslavia -- 25 January 2014 in Rijeka , Croatia ) was a Croatian football player .
Carl Gustav Calwer ( 11 November 1821 , Stuttgart -- 19 August 1874 , Mineralbad Berg ) was a German entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera .
Dionysios Tsokos ( Greek : Διονύσιος Τσόκος ; c.1814/20 , Zakynthos -- 1862 , Athens ) was a Greek painter ; one of the first to gain recognition in the post - Ottoman period .
Johannes Sass ( also in German : Saß , born 4 September 1889 in Hamburg , died 31 December 1971 ) was a linguist who specialized in the Low German language .
Vlastimir Pavlović Carevac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Властимир Павловић Царевац ; 9 October 1895 - 10 January 1965 ) was a Serbian violinist and conductor , and founder and director of the National Orchestra of Radio Belgrade .
King Tubby 's music career began in the 1950s with the rising popularity of Jamaican sound systems , which were to be found all over Kingston and which were developing into enterprising businesses .
Simon - Emmanuel Duplay ( 10 September 1836 , in Paris -- 16 January 1924 ) was a French surgeon who was a member of the Académie de Médecine ( 1879 ) .
David Hendricks Bergey was an American bacteriologist , born December 27 , 1860 in Skippack , Pennsylvania , died September 5 , 1937 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Frederik Theodor Kloss ( 19 September 1802 , in Braunschweig -- 9 June 1876 , in Copenhagen ) was a German - Danish painter who specialized in marine painting .
Hermann Rieder ( May 3 , 1928 , in Altfraunhofen ( near Landshut ) -- August 22 , 2009 , in Gaiberg ( near Heidelberg ) ) was a German javelin thrower , trainer and sports scientist .
Albert Allen Bartlett ( born March 21 , 1923 in Shanghai , died September 7 , 2013 in Boulder , Colorado ) was an emeritus professor of physics at the University of Colorado at Boulder , USA .
Richard Phené Spiers ( 1838 - October 3 , 1916 , London ) was an English architect and author .
Jannes van der Wal ( November 12 , 1956 in Driesum -- September 24 , 1996 in Groningen ) was a Dutch / Frisian draughts player and world champion in the game .
Fritz Moravec was born on April 27 , 1922 in the Favoriten tenth district of Vienna , Austria .
Kutlu Adalı ( 1935 in Nicosia -- July 6 , 1996 ) , was a Turkish Cypriot journalist , poet and socio - political researcher , and peace advocate .
Rodney Gregory Masterson , Jr. , known as Rod Masterson ( February 14 , 1945 -- September 12 , 2013 ) , was an American film and television actor from Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
Chaim Ozer Grodzinski ( Hebrew : חיים עוזר גרודזנסקי‎ ; August 24 , 1863 -- August 9 , 1940 ) was a pre - eminent Av beis din ( rabbinical chief justice ) , posek ( halakhic authority ) , and Talmudic scholar in Vilnius , Lithuania in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Alfred Guillou ( 12 September 1844 , Concarneau - 1926 , Concarneau ) was a French painter of Breton heritage .
Maurice Archambaud ( born Paris , 30 August 1906 , died Le Raincy , 3 December 1955 ) was a French professional cyclist from 1932 to 1944 .
Volodia Dubinin ( Russian : Володя Дубинин August 29 , 1928 -- January 4 , 1942 in Kerch , Ukraine ) was a Pioneer Hero of the Soviet Union .
Eduard Steuermann ( June 18 , 1892 in Sambor , Austro - Hungarian Empire -- November 11 , 1964 in New York City ) was an Austrian ( and later American ) pianist and composer .
Rupprecht Geiger ( 26 January 1908 -- 6 December 2009 ) was an abstract painter and sculptor from Munich , Germany .
A district attorney in Hyderabad filed a case with human rights commission against undisclosed film personalities of Telugu film industry for discrimination against Uday Kiran .
Edo Patregnani died on 3 December 2013 , aged 75 , in Cento , Province of Ferrara , Italy .
Eugenio Bava ( 4 June 1886 , Italy -- 23 October 1966 , Rome , Italy ) was an Italian film cinematographer and is the patriarch of the Bava family .
Charles de Berlaymont ( 1510 in Berlaimont ? -- 1578 in Namur ? ) was a leading nobleman in the Low Countries in the 16th century .
Jean - François Bautte ( 22 March 1772 , Geneva -- 30 November 1837 , Geneva ) was a Swiss watchmaker and jeweller famous for several reasons : he founded the most complete watch manufacture of his time in Geneva .
Friedrich August Theodor Winnecke ( February 5 , 1835 in Groß - Heere , near Hannover -- December 3 , 1897 in Bonn ) was a German astronomer .
Patrick de Gayardon ( French pronunciation : ​(patʁik də ɡɛjaʁdɔ̃ ) ; 23 January 1960 , Oullins , Rhône -- 13 April 1998 , Hawaii ) was a French skydiver , skysurfer and a BASE jumper .
Johann Jakob Sulzer ( 23 December 1821 -- 27 June 1897 ) was a Swiss politician , mayor of Winterthur ( 1858 - -1873 ) and President of the Swiss Council of States ( 1876 ) .
Dr. Tinsley Lindley OBE ( 27 October 1865 in Nottingham -- 31 March 1940 in Nottingham ) was an English footballer .
William Herbert Dray ( 23 June 1921 , in Montreal -- 6 August 2009 , in Toronto ) was a Canadian philosopher of history .
Adriaan Koerbagh ( 1633 , Amsterdam -- 1669 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch scholar and writer best known as a critic of religion and conventional morality .
Louis - Marie Michon ( 2 November 1802 , Blanzy , Saône - et - Loire - 6 May 1866 , Paris ) was a French surgeon .
In the Battle of Yamama , Tufayl ibn Amr fell as a martyr .
Johann Christian Mikan ( born December 5 , 1769 in Teplitz , died December 28 , 1844 in Prague ) was an Austrian - Czech botanist , zoologist and entomologist .
Franz Heinrich Ludolf Ahrens ( 6 June 1809 , Helmstedt -- 25 September 1881 , Hanover ) was a German philologist .
Charles Previn ( January 11 , 1888 - September 21 , 1973 ) was an American film composer who was highly active at Universal in Hollywood during the 1940s and 1950s .
Christian Dotremont , ( 12 December 1922 -- 20 August 1979 ) , was a Belgian painter and poet who was born in Tervuren , Belgium .
Olfert Dapper was born in early 1636 in the Jordaan in Amsterdam .
Giacomo Tebaldi was born in Rome , the son of nobles Marco and Ventura Tebaldi .
Matthias Hoë von Hoënegg ( 24 February 1580 , Vienna -- 4 March 1645 , Dresden ) was a German Lutheran pastor .
Antonio Neri ( 29 February 1576 , Florence -- 1614 , Florence ) was a Florentine priest who published L’Arte Vetraria or The Art of Glass in 1612 .
Elizabeth Boothe Hunton ( June 20 , 1853 -- September 30 , 1854 ) Eppa Hunton III ( April 14 , 1855 -- March 5 , 1932 ) Their second child , Eppa Hunton III , went on to co - found the notable Richmond law firm Hunton & Williams in 1901 .
Heinrich Jakob Fried , born at Queichheim , near Landau , in 1802 , studied at Stuttgart and Augsburg , and from 1822 under Langer and Cornelius at the Academy of Munich .
Egidio Vagnozzi was born in Rome to Francesco and Pasqua ( née Jachetti ) Vagnozzi , and studied at the Minor Seminary , Pontifical Roman Seminary , and Pontifical Lateran University ( from where he obtained doctorates in philosophy , theology , and canon law ) .
Givi Javakhishvili was born on December 18 , 1912 in Tbilisi in the family of prominent doctor Dimitri Javakhishvili and Anna Magalashvili .
George II of Brieg ( Legnica , 18 July 1523 -- Brzeg , 7 May 1586 ) , was a Duke of Brzeg from 1547 until his death .
Ellen Pollock ( 29 June 1902 -- 29 March 1997 ) was a British character actress , mainly appeared on stage in London 's West End .
Federico Gana ( Santiago , Chile ; January 15 , 1867 -- April 22 , 1926 ) was a Chilean writer and diplomat .
Ludwig Arndts von Arnesberg ( 19 August 1803 , Arnsberg , Prussia - 1 March 1878 , Vienna ) was a German jurist .
Edmund William Barker ( 1 December 1920 -- 12 April 2001 , often referred to as `` Edmund W. Barker '' , `` E. W. Barker '' or `` Eddie Barker '' ) was a politician and lawyer from Singapore .
Saint Gabriel Lalemant ( October 3 , 1610 , Paris , France -- March 17 , 1649 , Saint Ignace , Ontario ) was a Jesuit missionary in New France beginning in 1646 .
Giovanni Domenico Ferretti ( Giandomenico ) , also called Giandomenico d'Imola ( 15 June 1692 -- 18 August 1768 ) was an Italian Rococo style painter from Florence .
Jiří Hájek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɪr̝iː ˈɦaːjɛk ) ; 6 June 1913 , Krhanice near Benešov -- 22 October 1993 , Prague ) was a Czech politician and diplomat .
Eduard Herbst ( 1820 - -1892 ) was an Austrian jurist and statesman , born in Vienna .
Benjaminas Jakševičius ( March 31 , 1895 in Panevėžys -- August 13 , 1979 in Kaunas ) was a Lithuanian sculptor and partisan .
Adolf Wagner von der Mühl ( 2 February 1884 in Rohrbach in Oberösterreich -- 27 August 1962 in Vienna ) was an Austrian sculptor .
Billo Frómeta ( born November 15 , 1915 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic - Caracas May 5 , 1988 ) was a Dominican orchestra conductor , arranger and composer who lived and worked most of his life in Venezuela , where he is remembered .
Plácido Francés y Pascual ( April 1834 , Alcoy - 12 December 1902 , Madrid ) was a Spanish painter who specialized in portraits , historical scenes and Costumbrista .
Frederick A. Shannon ( May 4 , 1921 in Mount Pleasant , Iowa -- August 31 , 1965 in Los Angeles County , California ) was a U.S. herpetologist and medical doctor .
Lluís Claramunt ( Barcelona , August 19 , 1951 - Zarautz , December 18 , 2000 ) was a Catalan artist .
Isaac Cruikshank ( 1764 - -1811 ) , Scottish painter and caricaturist , was born in Edinburgh and had most of his career in London .
Gottlieb Samuel Studer ( 5 August 1804 , Langnau i m Emmental -- 22 December 1890 , Vienna ) was a Swiss mountaineer , notary public and draughtsman .
Kazimierz Stabrowski ( born November 21 , 1869 in Nowogródek , died June 10 , 1929 in Garwolin ) was a Polish painter , and director of the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw .
Ferre Grignard ( 13 March 1939 -- 8 August 1982 ) was a Belgian skiffle - singer from Antwerp who surprised the world in 1965 with his international hits `` Ring Ring , I 've Got To Sing '' and `` My Crucified Jesus '' .
Dominique Lefèbvre ( 1810 - -1865 ) was a French missionary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society , Bishop of Isauropolis in partibus infidelium , and Vicar Apostolic in Vietnam during the 19th century .
Nick LaRocca was born in New Orleans , Louisiana , the son of poor Sicilian immigrants .
Renato De Manzano ( born March 19 , 1907 in Trieste , Austria - Hungary , now Italy ) was an Italian professional football player .
Alice Hollister 's husband died in 1952 and she died in 1973 , aged 86 , in Costa Mesa , California .
Art Mardigian ( February 12 , 1923 , Detroit - June 6 , 1977 , Detroit ) , better known as Art Mardigan , was an American jazz drummer .
Bartolomeo Suardi , best known as Bramantino ( c. 1456 -- c. 1530 ) , was an Italian painter and architect , mainly active in his native Milan .
Archie Turner was born in Hartley Wintney and began his professional career with Aldershot North End , before playing for South Farnborough and St. Michael 's , Camberley .
Giorgio Pini ( 1 February 1899 , in Bologna -- 30 March 1987 , in Rome ) was an Italian politician and journalist .
Joost de Soete or de Zoete , Lord of Villers or Villiers , ( 1510 - -1520 , Sluis - March 1589 , The Hague ) was a Dutch nobleman and Field Marshal who fought in the early years of the Eighty Years ' War .
Rudolph Hass expanded to Fallbrook , planting an 80-acre ( 320,000 m2 ) orchard in 1948 which bore its first crop in 1952 , just as his 17-year patent expired .
Peter Boenisch ( born May 4 , 1927 in Berlin ; died July 8 , 2005 in Gmund am Tegernsee ) is a German columnist and journalist .
Marius Eugène Chaboud ( 12 April 1907 in Lyon -- 28 December 1983 in Montfermeil , Seine - Saint - Denis ) was a racing driver from France .
Arthur Rigby ( born 7 June 1900 in Chorlton - cum - Hardy , Manchester , England ; died March 1960 in Crewe , England ) was an English professional footballer who played as inside left or outside left .
Philip Fruytiers ( alternative spellings : Philip Fruijtiers , Philip Fruitiers ) ( 1610 , Antwerp -- 1666 , Antwerp ) was a Flemish Baroque painter and engraver .
Ernest Vajda ( 27 May 1886 , Komárno , Austria - Hungary , today Slovakia - 3 April 1954 , Woodland Hills , California ; birth name Ernő Vajda ) was a Hungarian actor , playwright and novelist , but is more famous today for his screenplays .
Hermes Lima ( born Livramento de Nossa Senhora , 22 December 1902 ; died Rio de Janeiro , 10 October 1978 ) was Brazilian politician who was the Prime Minister of Brazil , jurist , and winner of the 1975 Prêmio Machado de Assis .
Salvatore Fergola ( 1799 -- 7 March 1874 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of landscapes or vedute in and around his native Naples .
Stanisław Baczyński aka `` Adam Kersten '' , `` Bittner '' , `` Akst '' ( born 27 July 1890 in Lwów -- 27 July 1939 in Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish writer , literary critic , journalist , soldier of the Polish Legions and captain of the Polish Army .
Othmar Schimkowitz ( October 2 , 1864 in Tárts , Komárom County -- April 24 , 1947 in Graz ) was a Hungarian - born architectural sculptor who worked on the greatest landmarks of the Vienna Secession .
Bertoldo di Giovanni ( after 1420 Poggio a Caiano -- 28 December 1491 Florence ) was an Italian sculptor and medallist .
Enrico Bandini ( September 13 , 1807 -- February 27 , 1888 ) was an Italian painter , active in Parma , Italy .
Betty Neels ( born 15 September 1909 in Leyton , England -- d. 7 June 2001 in England ) was a prolific British writer of over 134 romance novels ( first publication entirely for Mills & Boon in United Kingdom and later reprinted in the North America by Harlequin ) , beginning in 1969 and continuing until her death .
Keene Thompson ( born November 15 , 1885 in Minneapolis , Minnesota , died July 11 , 1937 in Hollywood , California ) was a story , scenario and screenwriter who worked in the film industry from 1920 to 1937 .
John Emory Andrus ( February 16 , 1841 -- December 26 , 1934 ) was mayor of Yonkers , New York , a U.S. Congressman from New York , and founder of the SURDNA Foundation .
Nicholas Stone was born in 1586 , the son of a quarryman of Woodbury , near Exeter .
Giovanni Manzolini ( 1700 - 1755 ) was a Bolognese artist , an expert maker of wax anatomical models and a professor of anatomy at the University of Bologna .
Peter Mennin ( born Mennini ) ( May 17 , 1923 , Erie , Pennsylvania -- June 17 , 1983 , New York City ) was an American composer and teacher of Italian descent .
Johann Melchior Goeze ( born October 16 , 1717 in Halberstadt , †May 19 , 1786 in Hamburg , epithet : Zionswächter , i.e. Zion 's Guardian ) was a Lutheran pastor and theologian during the period of Late Orthodoxy .
From 1844 to 1849 Peter Fuchs was an apprentice mason in the Cologne Dombauhütte and for the next two years he worked as a mason for St. Nicolai in Hamburg and in the studio of Vincenz Statz in Cologne .
Robert F. Ensko I ( October 17 , 1855 -- May 13 , 1934 ) also known as Robert Ensko , Sr . was a Manhattan silver expert and author of Makers of Early American Silver in 1915 .
Clemens Timpler ( 1563 in Stolpen -- 28 February 1624 in Steinfurt ) was a German philosopher , physicist and theologian .
Ferit Tüzün ( 24 April 1929 , Istanbul -- 21 October 1977 , Ankara ) was a Turkish composer .
Milan Ćurčin ( Pančevo , 14 November 1880 -- Zagreb , 20 January 1960 ) was a Serbian poet and editor of an influential magazine , printed in Zagreb during the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
Wong Shun Leung ( Chinese : 黃淳樑 ; pinyin : Huang Shun Liáng ; Jyutping : Wong4 Seon4 Loeng4 ; 8 May 1935 -- 28 January 1997 ) was a Chinese martial artist from Hong Kong who studied Wing Chun kung fu under Yip Man ( 葉問 ) and was credited with training Bruce Lee .
Annie Jiagge After learning of a young woman who was raped in Accra after coming there from the countryside for a job interview , Jiagge sought government assistance to provide safe accommodations for visiting women .
Júlia Székely ( Budapest , 8 May 1906 -- 19 March 1986 ) was a Hungarian writer and musician .
Luigi Da Porto ( Vicenza , 1485 -- May 10 , 1529 ) was an Italian writer and storiographer , better known as the author of the novel Novella novamente ritrovata with the story of Romeo and Juliet , later reprised by William Shakespeare for his famous drama .
Gregorio Marañón y Posadillo ( 19 May 1887 in Madrid -- 27 March 1960 in Madrid ) was a Spanish physician , scientist , historian , writer and philosopher .
Evald Aav ( 7 March ( O.S. 22 February ) 1900 -- 21 March 1939 ) was an Estonian composer born in Tallinn , Governorate of Estonia , Russian Empire .
Theodoor van Loon ( 1581 or 1582 , in Erkelenz -- 1649 , in Maastricht ) was a Flemish Baroque painter .
Born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Joseph de Pasquale was a student of Louis Bailly , Max Aronoff and William Primrose at the Curtis Institute of Music .
Jean - Nicolas Boulay ( 11 June 1837 in Vagney -- 19 October 1905 in Lille ) was a French clergyman , bryologist and paleobotanist .
Franz Rühl ( 26 October 1845 , Hanau -- 3 July 1915 , Jena ) was a German historian who published numerous works in the field of classical history .
Pieter Frans Christiaan Koch , better known as Pyke Koch ( Beek , July 15 , 1901 -- Wassenaar , October 27 , 1991 ) , was a Dutch artist who painted in a magic realist manner .
Blanche Partington ( 25 November 1866 -- 12 March 1951 ) was a prominent San Francisco journalist and member of the San Francisco Bay Area literary and cultural scene .
Otto Dietze ( Latvian : Oto Dīce ) ( 1 July 1833 , Chemnitz -- 17 October 1890 , Riga ) was a German - born architect .
Count Friedrich August von Harrach - Rohrau , ( Vienna , June 8 , 1696 -- Vienna , June 4 , 1749 ) , was plenipotentiary minister of the Austrian Netherlands ( 1732 - -1741 ) and became Governor - General ad interim in 1741 - -1744 .
Daniel Pope Cook was born in Scott County , Kentucky into an impoverished branch of the prominent Pope family of Kentucky and Virginia .
Håkon Flood ( 1905 - 2001 ) was a professor of inorganic chemistry at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in Trondheim , Norway , from 1953 to 1975 .
Jan Kreczmar ( 6 May 1908 in Warsaw - 29 August 1972 in Warsaw ) was a Polish theatre and film actor .
Karl Chmielewski ( born 16 July 1903 in Frankfurt am Main ; died 1 December 1991 in Bernau am Chiemsee ) was a German SS officer and concentration camp commandant .
Alois Eliáš ( 29 September 1890 Prague -- 19 June 1942 Prague ) was a Czechoslovak general and politician .
Giuseppe Porta ( 1520 - -1575 ) , also known as Giuseppe Salviati , was an Italian painter of the late - Renaissance period , active mostly in Venice .
Jacques Aliamet ( 30 November 1726 , Abbeville - 29 May 1788 , Paris ) was a French engraver .
Jürgen Kröger ( 16 November 1856 in Haale , Germany -- 27 February 1928 in Aukrug ) was a German architect , active from 1880 to 1920 .
Raffaele Bendandi ( Faenza , 17 October 1893 -- Faenza , 3 November 1979 ) was an Italian clockmaker known for his predictions of earthquakes .
Franz Hamburger ( 14 August 1874 in Pitten -- 29 August 1954 in Vöcklabruck ) was an Austrian doctor and university lecturer .
Sigmund Gundelfinger ( 14 February 1846 in Kirchberg an der Jagst -- 13 December 1910 in Darmstadt ) was a German mathematician who introduced the Gundelfinger quartic and proved the completeness of the invariants of a ternary cubic .
Hans Fährmann ( December 17 , 1860 , Lommatzsch ( Saxony ) -- June 29 , 1940 , Dresden ) was a German composer of Romantic music and organist .
Slavko Šurdonja ( 1 October 1912 in Sušak -- 8 January 1943 in Belgrade ) was a Croatian , Yugoslav international , football player .
Conrad Quensel ( 10 December 1767 , Schonen -22 August 1806 Schloss Karlberg in Stockholm ) was a Swedish naturalist .
Karl Ernst Jarcke ( 10 November 1801 , Danzig , Prussia -- 27 December 1852 , Vienna ) was a German publisher and professor of criminal law , who took a conservative stance towards revolutionary movements in the early nineteenth century .
Li Fenglou was born in Tongzhou , Zhili ( now part of Beijing ) and would graduate from the Fu Jen Catholic University where he would become a sports teacher .
John Webber RA ( London 6 October 1751 -- 29 May 1793 London ) was an English artist who accompanied Captain Cook on his third Pacific expedition .
Claudio Tolomei ( Asciano , 1492 - Rome , 1556 ) was an Italian philologist .
Karel Hubáček ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkarɛl ˈɦubaːtʃɛk ) ; 23 February 1924 -- 25 November 2011 ) was a Czech architect who designed the Ještěd Tower and hotel atop the Ještěd mountain near Liberec .
Lawrence Calcagno died on April 28 , 1993 in State College , PA , while visiting relatives .
Peter Gläser was born in Leipzig , then administered as part of the Soviet occupation zone in what was left of Germany when the war had ended , a little under four years earlier .
Karl Blank ( Russian : Карл Иванович Бланк ) ( 1728 - -1793 ) was a Russian architect , notable as one of the last practitioners of Baroque architecture and the first Moscow architect to build early neoclassical buildings .
Palladas ( Greek : Παλλαδᾶς ; fl . 4th century AD ) was a Greek poet , who lived in Alexandria , Egypt .
Paul Guillaume ( Paris , 1891 -- Paris , 1934 ) was a French art dealer .
Jost Bürgi ( also Joost , Jobst ; Latinized surname Burgius or Byrgius ; 28 February 1552 -- 31 January 1632 ) , active primarily at the courts in Kassel and Prague , was a Swiss clockmaker , a maker of astronomical instruments and a mathematician .
Gillis van Tilborch was likely born in Brussels .
Giacomo Brogi created his first studio in Corso Tintori , in Florence in 1864 .
James Ponder ( October 31 , 1819 -- November 5 , 1897 ) was an American merchant and politician from Milton , in Sussex County , Delaware .
Jacques Charles Émile Jouguet ( 5 January 1871 , Bessèges ( Gard ) -- 2 April 1943 , Montpellier ) was a French engineer and scientist , whose name is attached to the Chapman--
Tom Souville ( 24 February 1777 , Calais -- 31 December 1839 , Calais ) , was a privateer and `` rescue of Calais '' , causing the first `` rescue boat '' from Calais , lateen - rigged in 1819 with the support of society to Agriculture Calais .
Between 1676 ( when he was 16 years old ) and 1686 , Peter Strudel came to the Hofburg in Vienna and , together with his brother Paul Strudel , obtained a position as painter to the Imperial Court .
Konstantin Velichkov died on his way to Grenoble in November 1907 .
Janko Matúška ( * 10 January 1821 , Dolný Kubín , † 11 January 1877 , Dolný Kubín ) was a Slovak poet , activist , occasional playwright , and clerk of the court .
Jean Jimmy Alexandre ( March 9 , 1974 -- January 12 , 2010 ) , better known by his stage name Jimmy O , was a Haitian hip hop artist who was born in Port - au - Prince and lived in New York City .
Jean - Jacques Kieffer ( 1857 Guinkirchen--1925 Bitche ) was a French naturalist and entomologist who specialised in the study of parasitic insects .
Hans Schinz ( December 6 , 1858 -- October 30 , 1941 ) was a Swiss explorer and botanist who was a native of Zürich .
Witold Szalonek - born in 1927 in Czechowice - Dziedzice , died in 2001 in Berlin , Polish composer .
Erik Leonard Ekman ( 14 October 1883 , Stockholm -- 15 January 1931 , Santiago de los Caballeros ) was a Swedish botanist and explorer .
Petrus Christus ( c. 1410/1420 -- 1475/1476 ) was an Early Netherlandish painter active in Bruges from 1444 , where , along with Hans Memling , he became the leading painter after the death of Jan van Eyck .
Ion Popescu - Gopo ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈon poˈpesku ˈɡopo ) ; 1 May 1923 -- 28 November 1989 ) was a Romanian graphic artist and animator , but also writer , movie director and actor born in Bucharest , Romania .
Andreas Heusler ( 10 August 1865 in Basel -- 28 February 1940 in Basel ) was a Swiss medievalist , specialising in Germanic and Norse studies .
Henry Maurice Goguel ( 20 March 1880 -- 31 March 1955 ) was Dean of the Faculty of Protestant Theology in Paris , director of studies at the Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes , and professor at the Sorbonne .
Captain John Lightfoot Trollope , MC & Bar , ( Wallington , 30 May 1897 - Hove , 21 October 1958 ) was a British First World War flying ace , who was the first British pilot to shoot down 7 enemy aircraft in one day , on 24 March 1918 .
Marian Kozlowski ( December 10 , 1927 , in Warsaw , Poland -- August 15 , 2004 , in Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish basketball administrator .
Stefan Dimitrov Todorov ( Bulgarian : Стефан Димитров Тодоров ) ( 5 February 1889 in Dupnitsa -- 26 August 1944 in Bryansk ) , better known as Stanke Dimitrov ( Станке Димитров ) or under the pseudonym Marek ( Марек ) , was a high - ranking Bulgarian Communist Party activist and anti - fascist .
In honor of Yakub Kolas , a square and a street in the center of Minsk bear his name .
Vanya Voynova ( Bulgarian : Ваня Войнова ; December 27 , 1934 in Sofia , Bulgaria -- March 9 , 1993 in Sofia , Bulgaria ) was a Bulgarian basketball player .
Louis - Urbain - Aubert de Tourny ( 1695 , Les Andelys - 1760 , Paris ) was a French administrator active in 18th century Bordeaux .
Werner Schreyer ( 14 November 1930 in Nuremberg ; 12 February 2006 in Bochum ) was a German mineralogist and experimental metamorphic petrologist .
Ecaterina Stahl - Iencic ( Hungarian : Katalin Jencsik , 31 July 1946 , Satu Mare , Romania -- 26 November 2009 ) was a Romanian foil fencer , world champion in 1975 .
Camillo Berneri ( also known as Camillo da Lodi ; May 28 , 1897 , Lodi -- May 5 , 1937 , Barcelona ) was an Italian professor of philosophy , anarchist militant , propagandist and theorist .
Siegfried Aufhäuser ( born 1 January 1884 in Augsburg -- died 6 December 1969 in Berlin ) was a German politician and union leader , and from 1921 to 1933 , chairman of the largely white - collar AfA - Bund .
Erasmus de Bie ( 1629 , Antwerp -- 1675 , Antwerp ) was a Flemish painter known for his city views and landscapes .
Samuel Bronston ( Samuel Bronshtein , March 26 , 1908 , Bessarabia -- January 12 , 1994 , Sacramento , California ) was a Bessarabian - born American film producer , film director , and a nephew of socialist revolutionary figure , Leon Trotsky .
Pieter Teyler van der Hulst was born on 25 March 1702 in Haarlem in the Dutch Republic .
Juozas Balčikonis ( March 24 , 1885 in Ėriškiai , Panevėžys district -- February 5 , 1969 in Vilnius ) was a Lithuanian linguist and teacher , who contributed to the standardization of the Lithuanian language .
Hassan al - Banna was born on the 14th of October 1906 in Egypt in Mahmudiyya , a rural town located northwest of Cairo in Beheira Governorate in the Nile delta .
Annemarie von Nathusius , originally Anna Maria Luise von Nathusius ( 28 August 1874 , Ludom / Poznań -- 17 October 1926 , Berlin ) , was a German novelist who wrote boldly about issues of women 's sexuality and lived a distinctly unconventional life .
Dr. Božidar Širola ( Žakanje , 1889 - Zagreb , 1956 ) was a Croatian composer , musicologist and ethnomusicologist .
John , Count of Nassau - Dillenburg ( died 10 August 1328 , fell in battle near Wetzlar ) was the third son of Count Otto I of Nassau and his wife Agnes ( d. 1303 ) , daughter of Count Emich IV of Leiningen - Landeck .
Ion Pillat ( March 31 , 1891 in Bucharest -- April 17 , 1945 in Bucharest ) was a distinguished Romanian poet .
Aleksander Kokular ( 9 August 1793 , Warsaw - 6 April 1846 , Warsaw ) was a Polish painter , art collector and teacher .
Léonce Lagarde , comte de Rouffeyroux , ( 1860 , Lempdes ( Haute - Loire ) -- 15 February 1936 , Paris ) was a French colonial governor of French Somaliland and ambassador .
Michael Stapleton ( born Dublin , Ireland , in 1747 , died 8 August 1801 , in Dublin ) is regarded as having been the most skilled stuccodore working in the neoclassical or `` Adam '' style that dominated Dublin interior decoration in the final decades of the 18th century .
Thomas Carmody ( October 9 , 1859 in Milo , Yates County , New York -- January 22 , 1922 in New Rochelle , Westchester County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician .
Colonel Theodore S. Westhusing ( November 17 , 1960 -- June 5 , 2005 ) , a West Point professor of English and Philosophy , volunteered to serve in Iraq in late 2004 and died in Baghdad in June 2005 from an allegedly self - inflicted gunshot wound .
Hildebold ( died 3 September 818 ) was the Bishop of Cologne from 787 until 795 and the first Archbishop of Cologne thereafter .
Josephus Laurentius Dyckmans or Jozef Laurent Dyckmans ( Lier , 9 August 1811 -- Antwerp , 8 January 1888 ) was a Belgian painter mainly of genre scenes and portraits whose painstakingly detailed pictures earned him the nickname ' The Belgian Gerard Dou ' .
Alois Reiser ( April 6 , 1887 - April 4 , 1977 in Los Angeles ) was an American composer of Czechoslovakian origin .
George Morland ( 26 June 1763 in London -- 29 October 1804 in Brighton ) was an English painter of animals and rustic scenes .
Oleksiy Fedorov died on September 9 , 1989 in Kiev , a monument was built to honour partisan hero of anti - Nazi struggle in his native Dnipropetrovsk .
Alfred Kordelin ( 6 November 1868 , Rauma -- 7 November 1917 , Mommila , Hausjärvi ) was a Finnish industrialist , businessman , entrepreneur , and a major philanthropist .
Nicolas - Henri Tardieu was born in Paris on 18 January 1674 and was baptized three days later .
Robert Saitschick or Robert Saitschik ( Russian : Рувим Маркович Зайчик ; April 24 , 1868 , Mstsislau , Russian Empire -- February 23 , 1965 , Horgen ) was a Swiss philosopher .
Franz Umbscheiden ( 1821 Grünstadt , Rhine Province - December 13 , 1874 Newark , New Jersey ) was a revolutionary during the revolutions of 1848 who emigrated to the United States ( one of the Forty - Eighters ) and became a journalist .
Javier Portales , whose birth name was Miguel Ángel Álvarez , ( Tancacha , Córdoba , Argentina , 21 April 1937 - Buenos Aires , 14 October 2003 ) was an Argentine actor with work in television , film and theater .
Heinrich Christian Schwan ( April 5 , 1819 - May 29 , 1905 ) , a German Lutheran pastor , served as a missionary in Brazil , a pastor in Cleveland , Ohio , and Central District President and General President in the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod .
Thomas Sim Lee ( October 29 , 1745 -- November 9 , 1819 ) was an American planter and statesman of Frederick County , Maryland .
Wing Commander General František Peřina ( 8 April 1911 , Morkůvky u Břeclavi ; died 6 May 2006 in Prague ) was a Czech fighter pilot , an ace during World War II with the French Armée de l'Air , who also served twice with Britain 's Royal Air Force .
Marvin Warlick Carr ( January 4 , 1921 -- July 9 , 2008 ) was a prominent American attorney in Lubbock , Texas , and the brother of former Texas Attorney General Waggoner Carr .
Roberto Lordi ( Naples , 11 April 1984 -- Rome , 24 March 1944 ) was Brigadier General of the Regia Aeronautica , Gold Medal of Military Valour Recipient and Martyr in the Fosse Ardeatine Massacre .
James Guillaume ( February 16 , 1844 , London -- November 20 , 1916 , Paris ) was a leading member of the Jura federation , the anarchist wing of the First International .
Norbert Riedel ( * 1 April 1912 in Jägerndorf , Sudetenland , then Austria - Hungary ; † 24 February 1963 in Zürs am Arlberg , Austria ) was an engineer and entrepreneur .
Paul Ernest Sanson ( Paris , 12 May 1836 -- Paris , 15 January 1918 ) was a French architect trained in the Beaux - Arts manner .
Joaquín Capilla Pérez ( December 23 , 1928 -- May 8 , 2010 ) , born in Mexico City , was a Mexican diver .
Johann Gottlob Immanuel Breitkopf ( Leipzig , 23 November 1719 -- 28 January 1794 , Leipzig ) was a German music publisher and typographer .
Oscar Brown , Sr . was a prominent Chicago businessman , lawyer and community activist .
Cesare Dell'Acqua ( Piran , 22 July 1821 - Brussels , 16 February 1905 ) was an Italian painter known for historical works .
Vicente López Carril ( December 2 , 1942 , A Coruña , province of A Coruña - March 29 , 1980 , Gijón , Asturias ) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist from A Coruña .
Milan Antolković ( born 27 September 1915 in Zagreb , died 27 June 2007 in Zagreb ) was a Croatian footballer who played international football for the both the Croatian and Royal Yugoslav national teams .
Oldřich Blažíček ( January 5 , 1887 in Slavkovice , Nové Město na Moravě - May 3 , 1953 in Prague ) was a Czech painter , representative of modern landscape paintings .
Otto Gruppe ( 18 July 1851 , Berlin -- 27 November 1921 , Berlin ) was a German mythographer , remembered for his `` Griechische Mythologie und Religion - Geschichte '' ( 1906 ) , which summed up the 19th century reading of Greek mythology through surviving texts .
Ludwig von Flotow , after 1919 known simply as Ludwig Flotow ( 17 November 1867 in Vienna - 6 April 1948 in Gmunden ) was an Austro - Hungarian statesman .
Honorio Delgado Espinosa ( born Arequipa , 26 September 1892 - died Lima , 28 November 1969 ) was a gifted teacher , a creative researcher , a humanist , a philosopher , a linguist , and scholar whose work covered almost 50 years of the 20th - century history of Latin American psychiatry .
Guntram ( `` war raven '' ; c. 532 in Soissons -- 28 January 592 , Chalon - sur - Saône ) , also called Gontram , Gontran , Gunthram , Gunthchramn or ( Saint ) Guntramnus , was the king of Burgundy from 561 to 592 .
Nicola Salvi or Niccolò Salvi ( 6 August 1697 ( Rome ) -- 8 February 1751 ( Rome ) ) was an Italian architect ; among his few projects completed is the famous Trevi fountain in Rome , Italy .
Samuel Hoffmann ( 1591 , Zürich -- 1648 , Frankfurt ) , was a Baroque painter from Zurich .
Jules Mouquet studied at the Conservatoire de Paris with Théodore Dubois and Xavier Leroux .
In October 1968 , at the age of 59 , Freddie Frinton died suddenly from a heart attack in London .
Dr Eusebio Rodolfo Cordón Cea ( December 16 , 1899 in Sonsonate -- January 9 , 1966 in Mejicanos ) was provisional president of El Salvador between January 25 and July 1 , 1962 .
Jakob Streit ( 23 September 1910 in Spiez , Switzerland -- 15 May 2009 in Spiez ) was a Swiss author , teacher and anthroposophist .
Lev Mordukhov Tseitlin ( Лев Цейтлин 1884 , in Pinsk -- July 8 , 1930 , in New York City ) , billed as Leo Zeitlin , was a Russian composer .
Melchior Adam ( c. 1575 in Grottkau -- 26 December 1622 , in Heidelberg ) was a German literature historian .
The Rex Bell Elementary School in Las Vegas was named in honor of Bell .
Henri Meunier ( born Henri Georges Jean Isidore Meunier ; 25 July 1873 Ixelles -- 8 September 1922 Brussels ) was a Belgian Art Nouveau lithographer , etcher , illustrator , bookbinder and poster designer of the Belle Époque .
Paul Gavarni was the nom de plume of Sulpice Guillaume Chevalier ( 13 January 1804 , Paris -- 24 November 1866 ) , a French illustrator , born in Paris .
Julius Echter von Mespelbrunn ( 18 March 1545 -- 13 September 1617 ) was a Prince - Bishop of Würzburg , Echter was born in Mespelbrunn Castle , Spessart ( Lower Franconia ) and died in Würzburg .
Engelbert I , Count of the Mark ( died 16 November 1277 at Castle of Bredevoort ) was a German nobleman .
Dom Nikollë Kaçorri died in 1917 in Vienna , at the age of 55 , from cancer .
Georg Cracow , Kraków , Cracov , Cracau or Cracovius ( 7 November 1525 , Stettin - 17 March 1575 , Leipzig ) was a German lawyer and statesman .
Matthias Christian Rabbethge ( 1 March 1804 , Klein Rodensleben - 26 December 1902 , Klein Wanzleben ) was a German sugar beet grower and sugar manufacturer .
Nick Travis ( b. Nov. 16 , 1925 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania - d. Oct. 7 , 1964 , New York City ) was an American jazz trumpeter .
Alfonso Franco ( 1466 -- 1524 ) , was an Italian painter from Messina , Sicily , active during the Italian Renaissance .
Otto Hönigschmid ( March 13 , 1878 , in Hořovice -- October 14 , 1945 , in Munich ) was a Czech / Austrian chemist .
Toshiro Mayuzumi ( 黛 敏郎 Mayuzumi Toshirō ( majɯᵝzɯᵝmi toɕiɽoo ) ; 20 February 1929 , in Yokohama -- 10 April 1997 , in Kawasaki ) was a Japanese composer .
Khalifa Bin Yousef was a statesman who played a significant role in the creation of The United Arab Emirates and in the economic and political life of the time in the Persian Gulf .
Blessed Grimoaldo of the Purification ( May 4 , 1883 , Pontecorvo , Frosinone , Italy -- November 18 , 1902 , Ceccano , Italy ) , born Ferdinando Santamaria , was a religious and clerical student of the Congregation of the Passion of Jesus Christ , who was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1995 .
Georg Franck von Franckenau ( born 3 May 1643 in Naumburg ( Saale ) ; died 17 June 1704 in Copenhagen ) was a German physician and botanist .
Matteo Zane ( -1605 ) was the Patriarch of Venice from 1600 to 1605 .
Ernst Melchior ( 26 June 1920 in Villach -- 5 August 1978 in Rouen , France ) was an Austrian football player .
Bill Gallo ( December 28 , 1922 -- May 10 , 2011 ) was a cartoonist and newspaper columnist for the New York Daily News .
Raymond Hornberger ( born December 23 , 1898 ; died May 1976 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was a former U.S. soccer halfback .
Pierre - Jules Cavelier ( Paris 30 August 1814 -- 1894 Paris ) was a French academic sculptor .
Rudolf August Oetker ( 20 September 1916 , Bielefeld -- 16 January 2007 , Hamburg ) was a German entrepreneur who became a billionaire running his private food company Oetker - Gruppe .
Josep Irla died on 19 September 1958 , shortly before turning 82 , in Saint - Raphaël , Var ( Provence ) .
Charles Godefroy ( 29 December 1888 at La Flèche ( Sarthe ) -- 11 December 1958 at Soisy - sous - Montmorency , ( Val d'Oise ) , north of Paris ) was a French aviator who became famous by his spectacular flight passing through the Arc de Triomphe in Paris in 1919 .
Mikayil Mushfig ( Azerbaijani : Mikayıl Müşfiq , born Mikayil Ismayilzadeh ) ( 5 June 1908 , Baku -- 06 January 1938 , Baku ) was an Azerbaijani poet of the 1930s .
José Camarón y Bononat ( May 18 , 1731 -- June 14 , 1803 ) was a Spanish painter , mainly active in Valencia , where he became director of the Academy of San Carlos .
Nataniel Aguirre ( Cochabamba , Bolivia , October 10 , 1843 -- Montevideo , Uruguay , September 11 , 1888 ) , was a prominent Bolivian lawyer , diplomat , politician , writer , and historian .
Johann Wilhelm Hittorf ( 27 March 1824 -- 28 November 1914 ) was a German physicist who was born in Bonn and died in Münster , Germany .
Louis III , Duke of Württemberg , ( German : Ludwig der Fromme ; 1 January 1554 , Stuttgart -- 28 August 1593 , Stuttgart ) was a German nobleman .
Leopold Niemirowski ( 1810 , Tahaczyn , Volhynian Governorate - December 1883 , Liuboml ) was a self - taught Polish painter ; exiled to Siberia for his revolutionary activities .
Otto Mainzer ( 26 November 1903 in Frankfurt am Main -- 28 June 1995 in New York City ) was a German - American writer .
Dale Van Every ( July 23 , 1896 , Van , Michigan -- May 28 , 1976 , Santa Barbara , California ) was an American writer , film producer and studio executive .
Pius Keller ( 30 September 1825 in Ballingshausen , Bavaria , Germany -- 15 March 1904 in Münnerstadt , Germany ) was an Augustinian friar , a teacher , and a leader who revitalized The Order of Saint Augustine in Germany .
Louisa Horton Hill died on January 25 , 2008 , at the Lillian Booth Actors ' Fund Home in Englewood , New Jersey , aged 87 .
Matthew of Janow ( d. 1394 in Prague ) was a fourteenth - century Bohemian ecclesiastical writer .
John Cloake CMG FSA D Litt ( 2 December 1924 -- 9 July 2014 ) was a historian and author of several works mostly relating to the local history of Richmond upon Thames and surrounding areas .
Sándor Wekerle ( 14 November 1848 , Mór -- 26 August 1921 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian politician who served three times as prime minister .
Jon Richards ( born September 5 , 1963 ) is an American attorney and former teacher from Milwaukee , Wisconsin , serving as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 19th Assembly District since 1999 and currently serving as chairman of the Health and Healthcare Reform Committee .
Pavlos Oikonomou - Gouras ( Greek : Παύλος Οικονόμου-Γκούρας , 1897 - -1991 ) was a Greek diplomat and thrice Minister for Foreign Affairs of Greece .
Maurice Le Bègue de Germiny was born the 23 November 1939 and he is bishop of Blois since 1997 .
Woodbridge Nathan Ferris ( January 6 , 1853 -- March 23 , 1928 ) was an educator from New York , Illinois and Michigan , as well as Democratic statesman and the 28th Governor of Michigan ( 1913 - -1917 ) .
Ernest of Bavaria ( German : Ernst von Bayern ) ( 17 December 1554 -- 17 February 1612 ) was Prince - elector - archbishop of the Archbishopric of Cologne from 1583 to 1612 as successor of the expelled Gebhard Truchsess von Waldburg .
Robert W. Heagney is a former member of the Connecticut House of Representatives , representing Simsbury , Connecticut , the 16th House Assembly District , for the Republican Party .
Mirko Tomassoni ( born 24 April 1969 ) was Captain Regent of San Marino for the six - month term from October 2007 to March 2008 .
Gerontius of Cervia ( Gerontius of Ficocle ) ( died 501 AD ) was an Italian bishop of Cervia who is venerated as a saint .
Sebastián Ágreda ( 1795 , Potosí , Bolivia -- December 18 , 1875 , La Paz , Bolivia ) served briefly as President of Bolivia , from June 10 to July 9 , 1841 .
Jeremy Collier ( /ˈkɒlɪər/ ; 23 September 1650 -- 26 April 1726 ) was an English theatre critic , non - juror bishop and theologian .
Rinchen Gyaltsen 's elder half - brother Phagpa enjoyed a close relationship with Kublai Khan and was appointed to the title Imperial Preceptor ( Dishi ) in 1270 .
Camillo Mazzella ( February 10 , 1833 -- March 26 , 1900 ) was an Italian Jesuit theologian and cardinal .
Manuel Gondra Pereira ( 1 January 1871 -- 8 March 1927 ) was President of Paraguay from November 25 , 1910 to January 11 , 1911 and from August 15 , 1920 to October 31 , 1921 .
Guillermo von Schulenburg Prado , often referred to simply as Guillermo Schulenburg , ( June 12 , 1916 - July 19 , 2009 ) was the abbot of the Basilica of Guadalupe in Mexico City from 1963 to 1996 .
William Wyatt Bibb ( October 2 , 1781 -- July 10 , 1820 ) was a United States Senator from Georgia and the first Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama .
Raffaele Baldassarre ( born 23 September 1956 ) is an Italian politician and member of the European Parliament for the European People 's Party .
Lyle Vanclief , PC ( born September 19 , 1943 ) was Canada 's Minister of Agriculture from 1997 - 2003 .
Stewart Barlow is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 17 since his September 1 , 2011 appointment to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Julie Fisher .
Gilbert Crispin ( c. 1055 -- 1117 ) was a Christian author and Anglo - Norman monk , appointed by Archbishop Lanfranc in 1085 to be the abbot , proctor and servant of Westminster Abbey , England .
Taddeo Barberini ( 1603 - -1647 ) was an Italian nobleman of the House of Barberini who became Prince of Palestrina and Gonfalonier of the Church ; commander of the Papal Army .
Thomas Sim Lee was the second State Governor of Maryland , serving twice , from 1779 to 1783 and again from 1792 to 1794 .
Saint Laurent - Joseph - Marius Imbert , M.E.P. ( 23 March 1796 -- 21 September 1839 ) , sometimes called Laurent - Marie - Joseph Imbert and affectionately known in Korea as Bishop Imbert Bum was a French missionary bishop in Asia .
Donald Alexander MacKinnon ( 22 February 1863 -- 20 April 1928 ) was a Canadian teacher , lawyer , politician , author , and the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island from 1904 to 1910 .
Guntis Ulmanis ( born on September 13 , 1939 ) is a Latvian politician and was the fifth President of Latvia from 1993 to 1999 .
Major Thibaut , Jr. ( born January 3 , 1977 ) , is an insurance investment planner from his native Pointe Coupee Parish , Louisiana , who has been since 2008 a Democrat member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for District 18 , which encompasses Iberville , West Baton Rouge , West Feliciana , and Pointe Coupee parishes .
Elke Roex ( born 29 June 1974 ) is a Belgian , Flemish politician and member of the Flemish Parliament for the Socialist Party --
Geoffroy de Bar ( in Latin : Gaufridus de Barro ) or Barbeau , of Burgundy , was a French cardinal and member of the Roman Curia .
Sir David Cunningham of Robertland , in Ayrshire , was Master of Work to the Crown of Scotland from 1602 to 1607 , and Surveyor of the King 's Works in England from 1604 to 1606
Joseph A. Scanlon ( 1901 -- April 1957 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , serving from 1935 - 1952 .
Louis Metzler ( February 18 , 1864 - October 9 , 1929 ) was an American auditor , bookkeeper and Republican politician who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Milwaukee , Wisconsin , representing the 10th Milwaukee County district ( the 10th Ward of the City of Milwaukee ) .
Robert Hood Saunders , Q.C. , CBE ( May 30 , 1903 -- January 16 , 1955 ) was mayor of Toronto from 1945 to 1948 , President of the Canadian National Exhibition , chairman of the Ontario Hydro ( formally named the Hydro Electric Power Commission of Ontario ( HEPCO ) ) .
Pierre de La Baume ( 1477 -- 5 May 1544 ) was a grand seigneur of Savoy and a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Since 2004 Malu Dreyer has been married to Klaus Jensen , a fellow SPD politician and a former mayor of Trier who had been widowed three years earlier .
Archbishop Domenico Sorrentino ( born 16 May 1948 ) is an Italian Catholic archbishop .
Elbridge Van Syckel Besson ( December 22 , 1839 - -1915 ) was an American Republican party politician who served two non - consecutive terms as the 14th and 16th Mayor of Hoboken , New Jersey .
Barbara Buckley ( born November 23 , 1960 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an attorney and Democratic Party politician who served as a member of the Nevada Assembly , representing Clark County District 8 from 1994 to 2011 .
The Blessed John Juvenal Ancina , C.O. , ( Italian : Giovanni Giovenale Ancina ) ( 19 October 1545 -- 30 August 1604 ) was an Italian bishop who belonged to the Congregation of the Oratory , as well being a scholar and music composer .
William Benedict Friend ( October 22 , 1931 -- April 2 , 2015 ) was the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Shreveport , in Louisiana .
Juan Manuel Frutos ( June 12 , 1879 -- April 15 , 1960 ) was President of Paraguay in 1948 .
Win Aung served as an ambassador to Germany and the UK until he was appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs in November 1998 .
George Otto Wirz ( January 17 , 1929 -- November 23 , 2010 ) served as a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Madison , Wisconsin and titular bishop of Municipa .
Lloyd H. Kincaid was an American cabinetmaker who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .
Mohammad Najibullah Ahmadzai ( Pashto : ډاکټر نجیب ﷲ احمدزی‎ ; February 1947 -- 28 September 1996 ) , commonly known as Najibullah or Najib , was the de facto , though unrecognized by the majority of the international community , President of Afghanistan from 1987 until 1992 , when the mujahideen took over Kabul .
LeRoy Pope Walker ( February 7 , 1817 -- August 23 , 1884 ) was the first Confederate States Secretary of War .
Anspert ( died 7 December 881 ) was archbishop of Milan from 861 to 881 .
Pietro III Candiano was the Doge of Venice from 942 until 959 .
Ertha Pascal - Trouillot ( born 13 August 1943 ) was the provisional President of Haiti for 11 months in 1990 and 1991 .
Byzantius ( died 1035 ) was the archbishop of Bari in the early eleventh century .
Garba Duba is a retired Nigerian Army Lieutenant General who was Governor of Bauchi State , Nigeria from July 1978 to October 1979 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo , and Administrator of Sokoto State from January 1984 to August 1985 during the military regime of Major General Muhammadu Buhari .
Douglas Imrie McKay ( 1879 -- September 24 , 1962 ) was an American artillery and law enforcement officer and New York City Police Department police official who served as New York City Police Commissioner in 1914 .
Henry Sievers ( October 13 , 1874 - ? ) was an assistant printer , trade union activist and liquor store operator from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
George Gordon , 1st Earl of Aberdeen ( 3 October 1637 -- 20 April 1720 ) , was a Lord Chancellor of Scotland .
George Bryan Porter ( February 9 , 1791 -- July 6 , 1834 ) , was an American statesman in Pennsylvania and Territorial Governor of Michigan from August 6 , 1831 , until his death on July 6 , 1834 .
Acacius of Caesarea in Greek Ἀκάκιος Mονόφθαλμος ( died 366 ) was a Christian bishop , the pupil and successor in the Palestinian see of Caesarea of Eusebius AD 340 , whose life he wrote .
Menachem Mendel Schneerson ( April 5 , 1902 OS -- June 12 , 1994 ) , known to many as the Rebbe , was a Russian Empire - born American Orthodox Jewish rabbi , and the last Lubavitcher Rebbe .
Juan Evo Morales Ayma ( born October 26 , 1959 ) , popularly known as Evo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈeβo ) ) , is a Bolivian politician and cocalero activist who has served as President of Bolivia since 2006 .
Gyani Zail Singh ( Punjabi : ਜ਼ੈਲ ਸਿੰਘ , pronunciation ; 5 May 1916 -- 25 December 1994 ) was the seventh President of India , serving from 1982 to 1987 .
Juraj Haulik de Váralya ( Slovak : Juraj Haulík Váralyai , Hungarian : Haulík Váralyai György ) ( Nagyszombat , Kingdom of Hungary , present - day Trnava , Slovakia , 20 April 1788 -- Zagreb , 11 May 1869 ) was a Croatian cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church of Slovak ethnicity and the first archbishop of Zagreb .
Domenico Monegario was the traditional sixth Doge of Venice ( 756 - -764 ) .
Reginald Norman Morgan Empey , Baron Empey OBE ( born 26 October 1947 ) , best known as Reg Empey , is a British politician who was the leader of the Ulster Unionist Party from 2005 to 2010 , and has been its chairman since 2012 .
Stephan Ackermann ( born Mayen , 1963 ) is a German bishop .
Stephen Kalonzo Musyoka ( born 24 December 1953 ) is a Kenyan politician who was Vice - President of Kenya from 2008 to 2013 .
Michael Helding ( 1506 -- 30 September 1561 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop , scholar , writer and humanist .
Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao ( 28 May 1923 -- 18 January 1996 ) , popularly known as N. T. Rama Rao or by his initials NTR , was an Indian film actor , writer , director , producer , and politician who also served as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh for three terms .
Jacob Harold Gallinger ( March 28 , 1837 -- August 17 , 1918 ) , was a United States Senator from New Hampshire who served as President pro tempore of the Senate in 1912 and 1913 .
Randy Law is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 64th District for one term in the Ohio 126th General Assembly .
George of Baden ( 1433 -- Moyenvic , February 11 , 1484 ) was Bishop of Metz .
Harry Hill McAlister ( July 15 , 1875 -- October 30 , 1959 ) was an American politician who served as Democratic Governor of Tennessee from 1933 to 1937 .
Alexander of Telese ( Italian : Alessandro Telesino ) was an Italian chronicler and historian , and the abbot of San Salvatore , near Telese , in southern Italy from before 1127 to before November 1143 .
Elena Kagan ( pronounced /ˈkeɪɡən/ ; born April 28 , 1960 ) is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States .
Arthur Roche ( born 6 March 1950 ) is an English archbishop of the Catholic Church .
Mirza Hameedullah Beg ( M. H. Beg ) ( 22 February 1913 -- 19 November 1988 ) was the 15th Chief Justice of India , serving from January 1977 to February 1978 .
James Aloysius O'Gorman , Sr . ( May 5 , 1860 -- May 17 , 1943 ) was a one - term United States Senator from New York .
Saint Baculus of Sorrento ( Italian : San Bacolo di Sorrento , San Baccolo di Sorrento ) is venerated as a bishop of Sorrento .
El Hadj Omar Bongo Ondimba ( born Albert - Bernard Bongo ; 30 December 1935 -- 8 June 2009 ) was a Gabonese politician who was President of Gabon from 1967 to 2009 .
Alfred Winsor Brown ( November 6 , 1885 -- September 7 , 1938 ) was a United States Navy Captain who served as the 31st Naval Governor of Guam .
Alfred James Jones ( 4 October 1871 -- 7 October 1945 ) was an Australian politician who served as a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly , a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council and as Lord Mayor of Brisbane .
Jan Mazur ( June 5 , 1920 in Płoskie -- September 26 , 2008 in Siedlce ) was the Polish bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Siedlce from August 6 , 1968 until his retirement on March 25 , 1996 .
Harry E. Turner Sr . ( December 25 , 1927 -- July 27 , 2004 ) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives .
Juan Antonio Ríos Morales ( November 10 , 1888 -- June 27 , 1946 ) was a Chilean political figure , and President of Chile from 1942 to 1946 , during the height of World War II . He died in office .
Francisco Domingo Barbosa Da Silveira ( 26 March 1944 in Tambores , Uruguay -- 17 June 2015 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop in Uruguay .
Patrick M. Gallivan ( born November 18 , 1960 ) is a member of the New York State Senate and the former Sheriff of Erie County .
Fidel Sánchez Hernández ( July 7 , 1917 , in El Divisadero -- February 28 , 2003 ) was President of El Salvador from 1967 to 1972 .
General Mustafa Adrisi ( c. 1922 -- 28 July 2013 ) was Vice President of Uganda from 1977 to 1978 and one of President Idi Amin 's closest associates .
Patrick Francis Moran ( 16 September 1830 -- 16 August 1911 ) was the third Roman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney and the first Australian cardinal .
Wendy Alexander ( born 27 June 1963 , Glasgow ) is a retired Scottish politician and the former Member of the Scottish Parliament ( MSP ) for Paisley North .
Zheng Tianxiang ( simplified Chinese : 郑天翔 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭天翔 ; pinyin : Zhèng Tiānxiáng ; August 1 , 1914 -- October 10 , 2013 ) was a Chinese politician and was the President of the Supreme People 's Court of China .
Aaron B. Rollins ( 1818 - December 4 , 1878 ) was a member of the New York State Assembly for the 9th district of Manhattan from 1851 to 1853 .
Vladimir Aseev ( born 19 June 1951 ) is a Russian politician and member of the State Duma of the Russian Federation .
Maurice L. Ayers , sometimes listed as M. S. Ayres , ( December 4 , 1819 -- June 11 , 1884 ) was an American banker , farmer , hotelier and politician from Burlington , Wisconsin , who served a single term as a Free Soil Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Racine County .
Edward Salomon ( August 11 , 1828 -- April 21 , 1909 ) was an American politician and the Lieutenant Governor and eighth Governor of Wisconsin during the American Civil War after the accidental drowning of his predecessor , Louis P. Harvey .
Rudolf Schuster ( born 4 January 1934 ) was President of Slovakia from 1999 to 2004 .
Siim Kallas ( Estonian pronunciation : ( ˈsiːm ˈkɑlˑɑs ) ; born 2 October 1948 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian politician , who most recently served as European Commissioner for Transport between 2010 and 2014 .
Johann Lohelius ( 1549 -- November 2 , 1622 ) , better known as Johann Lohel , was the archbishop of Prague from September 18 , 1612 until his death .
Mabeth Hurd Paige ( 1869 - -1961 ) was a Minnesota politician , a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1923 to 1945 .
William Pierron was a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Milwaukee for two terms ( 1881 and 1891 ) .
Aigars Kalvītis ( born 27 June 1966 ) is a Latvian politician , former Prime Minister of Latvia and current Chairman of the Board of Latvijas Balzams .
George Rankl ( February 28 , 1867 in Milwaukee , Wisconsin -- ? ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Userkaf ( meaning `` His soul is strong '' ) was the founder of the Fifth dynasty of Egypt and the first pharaoh to start the tradition of building sun temples at Abusir .
Keith Grover ( born in Provo , Utah ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives .
Alex Blanco ( born 1972 ) is an American politician and mayor of Passaic , New Jersey , United States .
Karen May ( born 1944 ) is a former Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 58th District , serving from 2001 to 2012 .
Hernando Siles Reyes ( August 5 , 1882 -- November 23 , 1942 ) was a Bolivian politician who served as the 31st President of Bolivia , serving from 1926 - 1930 .
Edward Sanford was a member of the New York State Assembly ( New York Co. ) in 1843 and 1844 ; and a member of the New York State Senate ( 1st D. ) in 1846 and 1847 .
In 650 Ildefonsus was elected its abbot of Agali .
Gyula Gömbös de Jákfa ( 26 December 1886 -- 6 October 1936 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician , and served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 1 October 1932 until his death on 6 October 1936 .
Josef Georg Hörl ( August 22 , 1722 -- December 9 , 1806 ) was an Austrian lawyer , served as mayor of Vienna from 1773 to 1804 .
Pasquale Macchi ( 9 November 1923 -- 5 April 2006 ) was a Roman Catholic archbishop and the private secretary to Pope Paul VI .
Astrik accompanied Saint Adalbert in the latter 's missionary work to the Bohemians and became the first abbot of Břevnov Monastery .
William Warwick Buckland , M.A. , LL.D. ( 11 June 1859 - 16 January 1946 ) was a scholar of Roman law , Regius Professor of Civil Law at the University of Cambridge from 1914 to 1945 .
Jerome Weber OSB ( September 14 , 1915 -- September 4 , 2008 ) was a Canadian abbot of the Roman Catholic Church .
Jeremy Faison is a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the Eleventh District .
William Woods Holden ( November 24 , 1818 -- March 1 , 1892 ) was the 38th and 40th Governor of North Carolina , who was appointed by President Andrew Johnson in 1865 for a brief term , and then elected in 1868 , serving until 1871 .
Herrauðr , Herraud , Herröðr , Herruðr , Herrud , Herothus or Heroth is a legendary earl of Götaland or king of Sweden , who appears in several medieval legends , in particular those relating to Ragnar Lodbrok ( e.g. Tale of Ragnar 's Sons , Tale of Ragnar Lodbrok , Krákumál and Gesta Danorum , book 9 ) .
Alan Ray Ater ( born December 15 , 1953 ) , known as Al Ater , is a farmer and businessman from Ferriday , Louisiana , who served from 1984 - 1992 as a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 21 in the eastern portion of his state .
Pier Francesco Ferrero ( 1510 - -1566 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic abbot , bishop and cardinal .
In 2003 Corina Porro was elected mayor of Vigo in 2003 after a censure motion against the socialist Ventura Pérez Mariño approved by 10 members from Galician People 's Party and seven from Bloque Nacionalista Galego and rejected by eight members of Socialist Party of Galicia and two from Progresistas Vigueses .
Sir Cornthwaite Hector William James Rason ( 18 June 1858 -- 15 March 1927 ) , better known as Hector Rason , was the seventh Premier of Western Australia .
Carlos Soublette ( 15 December 1789 -- 11 February 1870 ) was President of Venezuela 1837 - 1839 and 1843 - -1847 , and a hero of the Venezuelan War of Independence .
Oran Milo Roberts ( July 9 , 1815 -- May 19 , 1898 ) , was the 17th Governor of Texas from January 21 , 1879 to January 16 , 1883 .
José Eloy Alfaro Delgado ( June 25 , 1842 -- January 28 , 1912 ) served as President of Ecuador from 1895 to 1901 and from 1906 to 1911 .
LeBaron Bradford Colt ( June 25 , 1846 -- August 18 , 1924 ) was a United States Senator from Rhode Island and a federal court judge on the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island , the United States Circuit Court , and the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit .
Anne Lindboe ( born 1 August 1971 ) is a Norwegian paediatrician , currently serving as the Norwegian Children 's Ombudsman .
Sylvester Turner ( born September 27 , 1954 ) is an American Democratic politician who is currently Mayor of Houston , Texas and previously served as a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1989 until 2016 .
Lyman Trumbull ( October 12 , 1813 -- June 25 , 1896 ) was a United States Senator from Illinois during the American Civil War , and co - author of the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution .
Alain Tardif ( born 23 August 1946 ) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada .
José dos Santos Garcia S.M.P. ( April 16 , 1913 -- December 11 , 2010 ) was a Portuguese bishop of the Roman Catholic Church .
Otto Orseolo ( Italian : Ottone Orseolo , also Urseolo ; c. 992 - 1032 ) was the Doge of Venice from 1008 to 1026 .
Girolamo Rusticucci ( 1537 - -1603 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop .
François - Marie - Benjamin Richard ( 1 March 1819 -- 27 January 1908 ) was a French cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and served as the Archbishop of Paris .
Walter d'Eynsham , also known as Walter de Hempsham was a medieval Archbishop of Canterbury - elect .
Clarence Ray Nagin , Jr. , also known as C. Ray Nagin ( born June 11 , 1956 ) , is an American management consultant who served as the 60th mayor of New Orleans , Louisiana from 2002 to 2010 .
Bernardin Gantin ( 8 May 1922 -- 13 May 2008 ) was a prominent Beninese cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Kurt M. Granberg was a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 107th District from 1987 until his retirement at the end of his term in January 2009 .
In the second round of voting on 6 May 2012 , François Hollande was elected President of the French Republic with 51.7 % of the vote .
The Most Reverend John Bosco Panya Kritcharoen ( Thai : ปัญญา กฤษเจริญ ; born December 18 , 1949 ) is the bishop of the Roman Catholic diocese of Ratchaburi , Thailand .
Mark Painter ( born August 3 , 1957 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
John D. Payne is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 106th District and was elected in 2002 .
Sebastião Soares de Resende ( 1906 - 1967 ) was a Portuguese Catholic bishop in Africa at the head of the diocese of Beira in Mozambique .
Jasper Tsang Yok - sing , GBM , JP ( born 17 May 1947 ) is the 2nd and the current President of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
Marsha Swails ( born April 3 , 1952 ) is Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 56B , which includes the cities of Woodbury and Landfall in Washington County in the eastern Twin Cities metropolitan area .
Epiphanius of Salamis ( Greek : Ἐπιφάνιος ; c. 310 - -320 -- 403 ) was bishop of Salamis , Cyprus at the end of the 4th century .
Bernard of Sédirac ( c. 1050 -- 1125 ) , also known as Bernard of Agen or Bernard of Le Sauvetat , was the metropolitan archbishop of Toledo from 1086 and first primate of Spain from 1088 to his death .
John Felix Anders , known as Andy Anders ( born May 3 , 1956 ) , is a farmer and agricultural equipment salesman from Clayton in eastern Louisiana , who is a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 21 ( Concordia and parts of Tensas , Madison , and East Carroll parishes ) .
Pope Adrian VI ( Latin : Hadrianus VI ) , born Adriaan Florensz ( Boeyens ) ( 2 March 1459 ‒ 14 September 1523 ) , was the 218th pope of the Catholic Church from 9 January 1522 until his death on 14 September 1523 .
Dr. Garry Conille ( born 26 February 1966 ) is a Haitian academic , development worker , author , and former Prime Minister of Haiti .
Mark Francis Schmitt ( February 14 , 1923 -- December 14 , 2011 ) served as the tenth Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Marquette , in Marquette , Michigan .
Adrian Mung'andu ( c. 1923 -- 25 June 2007 ) was the Catholic archbishop of Lusaka between 1984 and 1996 .
Mak Chai - kwong GBS , JP ( Chinese : 麥齊光 , born 1950 ) is a retired Hong Kong civil servant , former Permanent Secretary for Development ( Works ) and Secretary for Development .
Anders Fogh Rasmussen ( Danish pronunciation : ( ɑnɐs ˈfɔʊ̯ˀ ˈʁɑsmusn̩ ) ; born 26 January 1953 ) is a Danish politician who was the 39th Prime Minister of Denmark from November 2001 to April 2009 and the 12th Secretary General of NATO from August 2009 to October 2014 .
Will Ford Hartnett ( born June 3 , 1956 ) is an attorney in Dallas , Texas , who was from 1993 to 2013 a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 114 in Dallas County .
It was as a representative of the Cultural Association , and not , formally , as a representative of the Socialist Unity Party that between 1963 and 1967 Werner Scheler sat as a member of the Volkskammer .
Levi Withee was a lumberman and investor who served as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Senate .
Isaac José Woldenberg Karakowski ( born 8 September 1952 ) is a Mexican political scientist and sociologist who served as the first president of the Federal Electoral Institute and currently works as director of Nexos magazine .
Lee Heider ( born February 17 , 1947 ) is a Republican member of the Idaho Senate , first elected in 2010 .
Francis Dashwood , 11th Baron le Despencer PC FRS ( December 1708 -- 11 December 1781 ) was an English rake and politician , Chancellor of the Exchequer ( 1762 - -1763 ) and founder of the Hellfire Club .
Benjamin Jason Horton ( 1873 - -1963 ) was a Puerto Rico politician and one - time acting Governor of Puerto Rico .
Ioannis Paraskevopoulos ( Greek : Ιωάννης Παρασκευόπουλος ) ( 1900 - -1984 ) , was a Greek banker and politician who served twice as interim Prime Minister of Greece during the 1960s .
Jon Tester ( born August 21 , 1956 ) is the senior United States Senator from Montana , serving since 2007 .
Humphrey Wells was an American politician who served as the 11th Governor of Georgia for only two days , from February 16 , 1780 to February 18 , 1780 .
Giulio Bevilacqua , Orat ( November 14 , 1881 -- May 6 , 1965 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as an auxiliary bishop of Brescia from 1965 until his death , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1965 .
Cormac Murphy - O'Connor ( born 24 August 1932 ) is a retired bishop and cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church , Archbishop Emeritus of Westminster and former President of the Catholic Bishops ' Conference of England and Wales .
Ahmad Mukhtar Baban ( 1900 - 24 November 1976 ) ( Arabic : أحمد مختار بابان‎ ) was the last Prime Minister of Iraq under the monarchy in 1958 .
Allen J. Greenough ( September 20 , 1905 -- 1974 ) was the 14th and last president of the Pennsylvania Railroad .
Timothy L. Schmitz is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 49th district from 1999 to 2015 .
Peter the Venerable ( c. 1092 -- 25 December 1156 ) , also known as Peter of Montboissier , abbot of the Benedictine abbey of Cluny , was born to Blessed Raingarde in Auvergne , France .
Maja Gojković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Маја Гојковић ; born May 22 , 1963 in Novi Sad ) is a Serbian politician and current President of the National Assembly of Serbia .
Witold Tomczak ( born 5 April 1957 , in Kępno ) is a right - wing Polish politician , a member of the European Parliament 2004 - 2009 .
Shahid Siddiqui is a former member of the Rajya Sabha , the Upper House of the Indian Parliament representing the state of Uttar Pradesh from 2002 to 2008 .
M. Joseph Michael Perera is a Sri Lankan politician and a Former Member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
Gaius Coelius Caldus , nomen also spelled Caelius , was a consul of the Roman Republic in 94 BC . His colleague was Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus .
Ingrid Roxana Baldetti Elías ( born May 13 , 1962 ) was the first female Vice President of Guatemala from 2012 until her resignation amid a corruption scandal in 2015 .
Hatshepsut ( /hætˈʃɛpsʊt/ ; also Hatchepsut ; meaning Foremost of Noble Ladies ; 1507 - -1458 BC ) was the fifth pharaoh of the eighteenth dynasty of Egypt .
Coelchu ( fl . latter half of the eighth century AD ) was the abbot of the School of Clonmacnoise in Ireland .
George Forrest Browne ( 4 December 1833 -- 1 June 1930 ) was an English bishop , the first Anglican Bishop of Stepney from 1895 until 1897 when he was appointed Bishop of Bristol .
Thomas Tenison ( 29 September 1636 -- 14 December 1715 ) was an English church leader , Archbishop of Canterbury from 1694 until his death .
David Ervine ( 21 July 1953 -- 8 January 2007 ) was a Northern Irish unionist politician from Northern Ireland and the leader of the Progressive Unionist Party ( PUP ) .
Cynesige ( or Kynsige ; died 1060 ) was a medieval English Archbishop of York between 1051 and 1060 .
Neferkauhor Khuwihapi was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the 7th/8th Dynasty during the early First Intermediate Period ( 2181 - -2055 BC ) , at a time when Egypt was possibly divided between several polities .
Jordan Burrow ( born 12 September 1992 ) is an English semi - professional footballer who plays as a forward for National League club FC Halifax Town .
Radosław Janukiewicz ( Polish pronunciation : ( ra.ˈdɔs.waf ˌja.nu.ˈkʲɛ.vit͡ʂ ) ; born May 5 , 1984 in Wrocław ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Górnik Zabrze .
Pajtim Kasami ( born 2 June 1992 ) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Superleague Greece club Olympiacos and the Switzerland national team .
Caio Rangel da Silva ( born 16 January 1996 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Arouca , on loan from Cagliari , as a forward .
Shin Young - chol ( Hangul : 신영철 ; born 14 March 1986 ) is a South Korean footballer , who plays as midfielder .
Paul Comstive ( 25 November 1961 -- 29 December 2013 ) was an English professional footballer who mainly played as a midfielder .
Héctor Vidal Martínez ( born 15 June 1967 ) is a retired football midfielder from Paraguay .
Lumír Sedláček ( born 13 June 1978 in Chlebičov ) is a former Czech football defender or midfielder .
Zsolt Bárányos ( born 25 December 1975 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian football player who plays as a midfielder .
Martina Voss - Tecklenburg ( born 22 December 1967 as Martina Voss ) is a retired German football midfielder , currently coaching the Swiss national team .
Brandin Cote ( born April 21 , 1981 in Swift Current , Saskatchewan ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who last played for the Fischtown Pinguins in the German 2nd Bundesliga in 2008 - -09 .
Kevin Kauber ( born 23 March 1995 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Slovenian PrvaLiga club Krka .
Andrija Novakovich ( born September 21 , 1996 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays for Reading , as a forward .
Neville Stanton is a Guyanese footballer who has played for Fruta Conquerors and Guyana Defence Force as a defender .
Roberto Gagliardini ( born 7 April 1994 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Vicenza on loan from Atalanta , as a midfielder .
Evelyn Nwabuoku ( born 14 November 1985 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a midfielder for BIIK Kazygurt in the Kazakhstani women 's football championship and the Nigeria women 's national football team .
Momčilo Mrkaić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Момчило Мркаић ; born 12 September 1990 ) is a Bosnian Serb football forward who plays for BSK Borča in Serbian First League .
Martin Bavidge ( born 30 April 1980 in Aberdeen ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing as a forward for Inverurie Loco Works in the Highland Football League .
Dahi Al Naemi ( born on 5 September 1978 ) is a Qatari footballer who is a defender for Umm - Salal .
Mario Gimeno Alonso , simply Mario ( born 5 October 1969 in Madrid ) , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder .
Salah Ibrahim ( born 14 September 1985 ) is Sudanese international footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder .
Tommy Tilston ( born 19 February 1926 , Chester ) is an English footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Chester City , Tranmere Rovers , Wrexham , Crystal Palace and Chelmsford City .
Ioan Adrian Viciu ( born 14 January 1991 in Târgu Mureș ) is a Romanian football player who plays as a goalkeeper .
Remko Pasveer ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈrɛm.koː ˈpas.feːr ) , born November 8 , 1983 in Enschede ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for PSV Eindhoven in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Mirko Andrić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мирко Андрић ; born 1 June 1974 ) is a Serbian former football defender .
Scott Scissons ( born October 29 , 1971 in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan ) is a former National Hockey League centre .
Milan Jovanić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Јованић ; born 31 July 1985 ) is a Serbian football player who last played as a goalkeeper for Vojvodina .
Nare Diawara ( born 22 January 1983 in Bamako ) is a Malian professional women 's basketball center , formerly with the WNBA 's San Antonio Stars .
Frank Sandeman ( born 28 August 1936 ) is a Scottish football player and manager , who played as an inside forward for Heart of Midlothian .
Devlin Barnes , ( born 18 April 1982 in Seoul , South Korea ) is an American soccer defender who last played for USL Second Division side Real Maryland Monarchs .
Esther Hernández Gamo , also known as Puche , is a Spanish football midfielder , currently playing for Rayo Vallecano in Primera División .
Luis Miguel Gail Martín ( 23 February 1961 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender .
Frank Filo ( born December 28 , 1971 in Fort Wayne , Indiana ) is a retired American soccer defender who spent most of his career with the Dallas Sidekicks .
Mads Aaquist ( born 31 December 1994 ) is a Danish footballer , playing as defender for the Danish 2nd Division side FC Helsingør .
Gavin Jarvie ( 1879 - - ? ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender .
Yeh Hsien - chung ( Chinese : 葉獻中 , born in July 1 , 1979 ) is a Taiwanese football and futsal goalkeeper .
Tarek Thabet ( Arabic : طارق ثابت‎ ) , also known as Tariq Thabit , ( born 16 August 1971 ) is a former Tunisian football defender .
Julie Cook ( born 8 March 1954 ) is a former England and Great Britain field hockey goalkeeper .
Róbert Demjan ( born 26 October 1982 ) is a Slovak football forward who is currently playing for Podbeskidzie Bielsko - Biała .
Doug McKinty is a retired Canadian soccer defender who played professionally with the Vancouver 86ers and earned one cap with the Canada men 's national soccer team
Harrison Afful ( born 24 July 1986 in Tema ) , nicknamed The King , is a Ghanaian international footballer , who currently plays as a defender for Major League Soccer club Columbus Crew SC in the United States .
Eduardo Lúcio Esteves Pereira ( born 1 September 1954 in Leça da Palmeira , Matosinhos ) , known as Lúcio , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Kevin Dalzell ( born January 25 , 1974 ) is an American former rugby union player who played scrum - half .
Stuart Chapman ( born 6 May 1951 ) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder for Port Vale , Stafford Rangers , Macclesfield Town , Rocester .
Boriss Monjaks ( born 11 April 1970 ) is a former football defender from Latvia .
Percy Prince ( 15 August 1887 -- December 1973 ) was an English amateur footballer who played as a centre - forward for Southampton and Boscombe in the early 20th century .
Murray McDermott ( 2 February 1950 -- 2003 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper , making over 500 career appearances .
Peter Opiyo Odhiambo ( born 1 August 1992 in Bondo ) , nicknamed `` Pinchez '' , is a Kenyan footballer who plays for the Kenya national team as a midfielder .
Tierney also played for Doncaster Rovers as a midfielder where he is affectionately known among fans as ' Sir ' Francis Tierney for scoring the golden goal in the 2003 conference play - off final against Dagenham & Redbridge at Stoke 's Britannia Stadium .
Andreas Thom ( born 7 September 1965 in Rüdersdorf , East Germany ) is a former German football player who played as a forward for Dynamo Berlin , Bayer Leverkusen , Celtic and Hertha Berlin .
Velimir Varga ( born 26 January 1980 in Ljubljana ) is a Slovenian - Croat football defender currently playing for SG Steinfeld .
Andreas Samaris ( Greek : Ανδρέας Σάμαρης ; born 13 June 1989 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Portuguese club Benfica and the Greece national team .
Billy Trew ( 1 July 1878 -- 20 August 1926 ) was a Welsh international centre , outside half and wing who played club rugby for Swansea Rugby Football Club .
Luyolo Nomandela ( born 3 November 1989 in Ngqeleni , Eastern Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) player who plays as a midfielder for Jomo Cosmos in the Premier Soccer League on loan from Moroka Swallows .
Emanuele Manitta ( born on 12 January 1977 ) is an Italian football goalkeeper .
Alim Öztürk ( born 17 November 1992 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a centre - back for Scottish club Heart of Midlothian .
Vasilis Samaras ( Greek : Βασίλης Σαμαράς ; born 16 February 1974 ) is a retired Greek football midfielder .
Juan Pablo Galavis Guinand ( born August 5 , 1981 ) is an American - born Venezuelan former professional soccer midfielder / forward , who retired in 2008 .
Kristof Van Hout ( born 9 February 1987 in Lommel ) is a Belgian footballer , who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Westerlo in the Belgian Pro League .
Abdulhadi Khamis ( Arabic : عبد الهادي خميس خضير‎ , born 19 December 1990 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a forward for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al - Kuwait .
Pavel Kučera ( born 2 July 1976 in Most ) is a Czech footballer , who currently plays for České Budějovice as a goalkeeper .
Eddie Oshodi ( born 14 January 1992 ) is an English semi - professional footballer who plays as a defender .
Lorenzo Paramatti ( born 2 January 1995 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Italian Lega Pro club Siena , on loan from Bologna .
Roman Stefurak ( Ukrainian : Роман Романович Стефурак ; born 17 April 1996 in Tomakivka , Dnipropetrovsk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder .
David Terrier ( born 4 August 1973 in Verdun , Meuse ) is a retired French football defender who last played for US Créteil .
Arthur Kaye ( 9 May 1933 -- 12 October 2003 ) was an English footballer who played in The Football League as a winger .
Bryce Hegarty ( born 28 August 1992 ) is an Australian rugby union footballer who plays either as a fly - half or fullback .
Albert Kaçi ( born 11 June 1981 ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays in midfielder for Ada Velipojë in the Albanian First Division .
Keisha Bell ( born December 20 , 1979 ) is a retired American soccer player who was a defender for the United States women 's national soccer team .
Kiril Akalski ( Bulgarian : Кирил Акалски ; born 17 October 1985 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for German side Unterföhring .
Steve Craven ( born 17 September 1957 , Birkenhead ) is a footballer who played as midfielder for Tranmere Rovers and Crewe Alexandra .
Nikolay Penkov ( Bulgarian : Николай Пенков ) ( born 17 December 1947 in Vratsa ) is a former Bulgarian international football defender .
Jan Tauer ( born August 26 , 1983 in Düsseldorf ) is a German football defender , currently playing for Viggbyholms IK in the Swedish sixth tier division .
Kyle Krpata is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the Continental Indoor Soccer League .
Dorival Silvestre Júnior ( born 25 April 1962 ) , known as Dorival Júnior , is a retired football who played as a defensive midfielder , and the current manager of Santos .
Hamada Jambay ( born 25 April 1975 ) is a retired French - Malagasy a football defender .
Giorgio Venturin ( born 9 July 1968 in Bollate , Province of Milan ) is an Italian former football midfielder .
Ryszard Jankowski ( born April 10 , 1960 ) is a retired Polish footballer ( goalkeeper ) .
Marvin Hinton ( born 2 February 1940 ) is an English former footballer who made nearly 400 appearances in the Football League playing as a defender for Charlton Athletic and Chelsea .
Eric Tangradi ( born February 10 , 1989 ) is an American professional ice hockey left winger for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Filip Marković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Филип Марковић , born 3 March 1992 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Belgian club Royal Mouscron - Péruwelz as an attacking midfielder .
Sam Christie ( born 26 September 1986 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who regularly plays as a fly - half .
Felipe José Feres Moreira ( born 15 January 1981 ) , known as Felipe Moreira , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a midfielder , and the current manager of Ponte Preta .
Costas Miamiliotis ( Greek : Κώστας Μιαμηλιώτης ; born August 1 , 1960 ) is a former international Cypriot football defender .
Ramón Rodríguez Verdejo ( born 20 September 1968 ) , commonly known as Monchi , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and the current director of football of Sevilla FC .
Martin Ševela ( born 20 November 1975 ) is a former Slovak football defender and currently manager of Trenčín .
Jesús María Lacruz Gómez ( born 25 April 1978 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a versatile defender .
Andrey Nazário Afonso(born 9 November 1983 in Porto Alegre ) is a Brazilian football goalkeeper who plays for Cruzeiro - RS .
Alfeu Martha de Freitas ( born August 24 , 1936 in Montenegro , Rio Grande do Sul ) was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player , who played as a midfielder and played in clubs of Brazil and Argentina .
Kārlis Tīls ( 1906 - 196 ? ) was a Latvian international football defender and football manager , one of the most legendary footballers in the history of Liepāja .
Casper Ankergren ( born 9 November 1979 ) is a Danish professional football goalkeeper currently playing for English team Brighton & Hove Albion .
Mariano García Remón ( born 30 September 1950 ) is a Spanish retired football goalkeeper and coach .
Jens Jørn Haahr Bertelsen ( born 15 February 1952 ) , known as Jens Jørn Bertelsen , is a Danish former association football player in the defensive midfielder position .
Davide Petermann ( born 25 December 1994 ) is an Italian football midfielder who currently plays for the Lega Pro / B club Santarcangelo on loan from Serie A club Palermo .
Rudolf Wojtowicz ( born June 9 , 1956 in Bytom ) is a retired Polish football player , who in different periods of his career was a defender or a midfielder .
Khaled Fadhel ( born September 29 , 1976 in Tunis ) is a Tunisian football player and goalkeeper .
Sebastião Loureiro da Silva ( born 22 April 1925 ) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as goalkeeper .
Matías Di Gregorio ( born 4 June 1986 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football defender and midfielder .
Narcis Coman ( born 5 November 1946 in Giurgiu ) is a retired Romanian footballer who played as a goalkeeper and was selected Romanian Footballer of the Year in 1978 .
W. Nesbitt ( full name unknown , occasionally referred to as Nisbitt in some reports ) was a footballer who played for Sheffield United as a defender during the 1891 - -92 season .
Miguel Ángel Sola Elizalde ( born 29 September 1957 in Pamplona , Navarre ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder , and a current coach .
René Vydarený ( born May 6 , 1981 in Bratislava , Czechoslovakia ) is a professional Slovakian ice hockey defenceman currently with HC České Budějovice of the Czech Extraliga .
Mohamed Saqr Ahmed ( born May 17 , 1981 ) is a Qatari footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Qatar Stars League side Al Sadd and the Qatar national team .
Jelena Maksimović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јелена Максимовић ; born April 20 , 1982 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player , who plays as a center .
Márcio Luiz Silva Lopes Santos Souza or simply Márcio ( born January 24 , 1981 in Aracaju ) , is a Brazilian football goalkeeper .
T. Hutton Bremner ( 1912 -- 1969 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Queen 's Park , Motherwell , Aberdeen and Hamilton Academical as an inside forward .
Rodrigo Ezequiel Díaz ( Spanish pronunciation : ( roˈðɾiɣo eseˈkjel ˈdiaθ ) , born 28 August 1981 ) is an Argentinian footballer that currently plays for the Primera B Metropolitana club Almirante Brown , as an attacking midfielder .
Kabelo Dambe ( born 10 May 1990 ) is a Botswana footballer , who currently plays for South African club Platinum Stars and Botswana national football team at 2012 Africa Cup of Nations as a goalkeeper .
Vitaliy Kosovskyi ( born 11 August 1973 in Ostroh , Soviet Union ) is a former football midfielder for Dynamo Kyiv and a Ukraine international .
Jesús Torres Junquera ( born 13 March 1980 in Caldas de Reis , Pontevedra , Galicia ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Órdenes as a defender .
Carlo Zotti ( born 3 September 1982 in Foglianise , Benevento ) is an Italian football goalkeeper , currently playing in Switzerland for FC Wil 1900 .
Philippe Vercruysse ( born January 28 , 1962 in Saumur , Maine - et - Loire ) is a former football midfielder from France .
Egil Fjetland ( born 12 August 1962 ) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a forward for Vidar and Viking , where he won the Norwegian Cup and Tippeligaen .
András Debreceni ( born 21 April 1989 ) is a Hungary footballer defender .
Alessandro Rosina ( Italian pronunciation : ( alesˈsandro roˈzina ) ; born 31 January 1984 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Bari on loan from Catania .
Boris Barać ( born 21 February 1992 ) is a Croatian professional basketball player , currently playing as a power forward for Zadar of the Croatian League .
Miroslav Koubek ( born 1 September 1951 ) is a Czech former goalkeeper and manager .
Mohammed Monwar Hossain ( born 30 August 1979 ) is a Bangladeshi professional association footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Sheikh Russell Dhaka .
Arthur Shelley was a footballer who made one appearance as a defender for Burslem Port Vale in October 1905 .
Niklas Gunnarsson ( born 27 April 1991 ) is a Norwegian footballer , who plays as a defender for the Scottish Championship side Hibernian , on loan from Tippeligaen side Vålerenga .
Issam Badda ( born 10 May 1983 , Khemisset , Morocco ) is a Moroccan football player who plays as a goalkeeper .
Alfredo Sampaio ( born 23 May 1958 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a retired Brazilian football defender , and now a manager .
Davy O'Hare ( born 2 March 1972 ) in Newry is a retired Northern Irish football goalkeeper O'Hare was a member of the 2003 Irish Cup winning Coleraine team which beat Glentoran F.C. 1 - -0 in the final at Windsor Park .
César Sánchez Domínguez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈθesar ˈsantʃeθ ) ; born 2 September 1971 ) , sometimes known as simply César , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Bartłomiej Dudzic ( born August 18 , 1988 in Oświęcim ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a forward for Polish Ekstraklasa side Cracovia .
Amer Jukan ( born 28 November 1978 in Gračanica ) is a Slovenian football midfielder of Bosnian descent .
Abia Nale ( born 5 October 1986 in Sebokeng , Gauteng ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder and striker who currently plays for Premier Soccer League club Mpumalanga Black Aces .
Ivan Mekikov ( Bulgarian : Иван Мекиков ; born 29 May 1982 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Vidima - Rakovski .
Israel Castro Macías ( born December 20 , 1980 ) is a Mexican football player currently playing as a defensive midfielder for Guadalajara of the Liga MX .
Joe Ulrich is a retired U.S. soccer defender .
Damián Ledesma ( born 21 May 1982 in Rosario ) is an Argentine football defensive midfielder .
Diyan Dimov ( Bulgarian : Диян Димов ; born 27 September 1985 ) is a Bulgarian football player who currently plays for Dunav Ruse as a midfielder .
Robson Toledo Machado ( born 18 July 1981 in São Paulo ) , commonly known as Toledo , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Alexander Djiku ( born 9 August 1994 ) is a French footballer who plays as an defender for Ligue 1 club Bastia .
Kevin Reiter ( born November 4 , 1981 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender .
Moreno Torricelli ( born 23 January 1970 in Erba ) is an Italian football manager and former defender , who played as a fullback .
Zeljko Kalac ( Croatian : Željko Kalac , pronounced ( ʒêːʎko kǎːlat͡s ) ; born 16 December 1972 ) is a retired Australian football ( soccer ) goalkeeper .
Matthias Trenson ( born 3 October 1986 ) is a Belgian football player , who plays for Sporting Hasselt in the Belgian Third Division as a defender .
Chiu Yu Ming ( Chinese : 邱于銘 ; Jyutping : jau1 jyu1 ming4 ; born 9 November 1991 in Hong Kong ) , is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong Premier League Yuen Long as a goalkeeper .
Slobodan Marković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Слободан Марковић ; born 9 November 1978 ) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder .
Robert Stoltz ( born 10 August 1976 ) is a Swedish football defender , currently representing Enköpings SK .
Marijan Novak was a Croatian football forward who is mainly known for his time at Dinamo Zagreb ( 1964 - -1972 ) and his contribution to the club 's triumph in the 1966 - -67 Inter - Cities Fairs Cup .
Serafim Mihaylov ( Bulgarian : Серафим Михайлов ; born 25 April 1995 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who currently plays as a forward .
Sultan Samma is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Bali United as a forward .
Jan Spoelder ( born 14 March 1973 ) is a German - born Dutch former football goalkeeper .
Paolo Sokoli ( born 29 March 1995 ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Italian club Barletta and the Albania national under-21 football team .
Keith Hague ( born 25 May 1946 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for York City and in non - League football for Goole Town .
Ibrahim Tahini ( born 25 July 1987 in Freetown , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean footballer of Lebanese descent who plays as a forward .
Ibrahim Afellay ( born 2 April 1986 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Stoke City and the Dutch national team .
Srđan Mrkušić ( May 26 , 1915 -- October 30 , 2007 ) was a Yugoslav football goalkeeper , legendary `` third back '' and forestry engineer .
Oumar Sène , ( born October 23 , 1959 , in Dakar , Senegal ) is a former football midfielder .
Everton Giovanella ( born 13 September 1970 in Caxias do Sul ) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Julián Rubio Sánchez ( born 28 January 1952 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder , and a current manager .
Kürşat Duymuş , ( born 1 February 1979 in Muş , Turkey ) is a Turkish retired football defender .
Michael Dowsett ( born 23 March 1992 ) is an Australian rugby union player who plays as a scrum - half for the Brumbies in Super Rugby .
Luan Michel de Louzã , simply known as Luan ( born 21 September 1988 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Al Sharjah , on loan from Palmeiras , as a forward .
Graham Jennings ( born 18 January 1960 ) is a former Australian association footballer , who played predominantly as a defender and was renowned for his speed , earning him the nickname flash .
Kim Min - sik ( born October 29 , 1985 ) is a South Korean football goalkeeper who has played for Jeonnam Dragons .
Ibourahima Sidibé is a Malian professional footballer , who plays as a midfielder .
Ronnie Hildersley ( born 6 April 1965 , Kirkcaldy ) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Luigi Martinelli ( born September 2 , 1970 in Chiari ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie C1 team Hellas Verona in the role of defender .
Abdul Rahman Al Shammari ( born 13 February 1993 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer who currently plays for Al - Nasr SC in Kuwait as a defender .
Rodrigo Pastorini de León ( born 4 March 1990 ) , commonly known as Rodrigo Pastorini , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or forward .
Gonzalo De Mujica ( born 31 January 1989 ) is an Argentine professional soccer player who last played as a midfielder for Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the North American Soccer League .
Christopher Dilo ( born 5 January 1994 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Ligue 2 side Dijon FCO .
Jurie van Tonder ( born 9 August 1980 in Windhoek ) is a Namibian rugby union scrum - half .
Paul Shinners ( born 8 January 1959 ) is a preacher , exorcist , spiritual healer , proponent of the Uganda Anti - Homosexuality Act and former footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Gillingham , Colchester United and Leyton Orient .
Gerson José Sodré ( born 14 July 1957 ) , known as Gerson Sodré , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a midfielder , and the current assistant manager of Portuguesa .
Fred Stallard ( 1938/1939 -- June 1991 ) was an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Derry City and for the Irish Football League in representative inter - league matches .
Dominggus Lim - Duan ( born 15 May 1983 ) is a Dutch football player who plays as a midfielder for Zwolle .
Alessandro De Vitis ( born 15 February 1992 ) is an Italian footballer , who plays as a midfielder for SPAL , on loan from Sampdoria .
Tony Underwood ( born 17 February 1969 in Ipoh , Malaysia ) is a former English rugby union footballer who played as a wing three - quarter back .
Marko Poletanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марко Полетановић , born 20 July 1993 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for SV Zulte Waregem Belgian Pro League on loan from club Gent .
Christian Tiffert ( born 18 February 1982 ) is a German footballer who plays as midfielder for Erzgebirge Aue .
Paul Bowgett ( born 17 June 1955 ) in Hitchin , Hertfordshire , England , is a retired English professional footballer who played as a central defender for Tottenham Hotspur and Wimbledon in the Football League .
Vitaliy Vizaver ( Ukrainian : Віталій Юрійович Візавер , born 22 December 1978 in the Kherson Oblast in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football defender who last played for FK Andijan in the Uzbek League .
Dawid Kręt ( born August 2 , 1988 in Płońsk - Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
David Maneiro ( born 17 February 1989 ) is an Andorran international footballer who plays for UE Santa Coloma , as a defender .
Roberto Wong Ordeñana ( born August 17 , 1979 in Costa Rica ) is a Costa Rican footballer , who plays at defender at Puntarenas .
Alex Codling born 25 September 1973 in Lewisham is a former Rugby Union lock forward .
Sérgio Ricardo dos Santos Vieira , shortly Sergio ( born 28 Man 1975 ) is a Brazilian footballer , who played as a forward .
Amadeo Gasparini is a retired Argentine association football midfielder .
Johan Eklund ( born 30 May 1984 in Falun , Sweden ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for GIF Sundsvall as a forward .
Frederico Burgel Xavier ( born 15 January 1986 ) , commonly known as Fred , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Grêmio
Milcho Tanev ( born 21 January 1983 , in Stara Zagora ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Vereya Stara Zagora as a midfielder .
Jimmy Gooch ( 11 July 1921 -- 2001 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Alfredo Lalanne ( born 3 March 1983 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine scrum - half who plays for London Scottish in the Aviva Championship .
Lars Iver Strand ( born 7 May 1983 ) is a Norwegian footballer who last played for Sandefjord as an attacking midfielder .
Patrick Mayo ( born 15 May 1973 in Port Elizabeth , Eastern Cape ) is a retired South African football ( soccer ) player who played as a defender , midfielder and striker .
Rauno Pehka ( born January 1 , 1969 ) is a retired Estonian professional basketball player who played mostly at the point guard position .
Jurica Buljat ( born 19 September 1986 in Zadar ) is a Croatian football defender , who last played for Metalist Kharkiv .
Artur Dyson dos Santos ( born 9 January 1911 , Lisbon - Deceased ) , former Portuguese footballer who played goalkeeper for Sporting and the Portugal national team .
Horst Borcherding ( 8 October 1930 -- 9 February 2015 ) was a German footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Ayman Hefny ( Arabic : أيمن حفني‎ ; born 31 December 1985 ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Egyptian giant Zamalek .
Toni Vastić ( born 17 January 1993 ) is an Austrian football forward who plays currently for Admira Wacker .
Esrom Nyandoro ( born 6 February 1980 in Bulawayo ) is a Zimbabwean football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Gordon Bartlett ( born 3 December 1955 in London ) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward .
Didier Ya Konan ( born 22 May 1984 in Côte d'Ivoire ) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a forward for Fortuna Düsseldorf and the Côte d'Ivoire national team .
Lawrence Tlou Molekwane ( born 2 February 1989 ) is a South African football player , who plays as defender for Premier Soccer League side Polokwane City .
Mijat Gaćinović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мијат Гаћиновић ; born 8 February 1995 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a winger for German club Eintracht Frankfurt .
Dennis Purperhart ( born June 10 , 1969 in Paramaribo ) is a Surinamese professional footballer who last played as midfielder for Amsterdamsche FC .
José Juan Figueras García , ( born 25 January 1979 ) , known as José Juan , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Lugo as a goalkeeper .
Michal Vorel ( born 27 June 1975 in Prague ) is a Czech football goalkeeper .
Darren Wassall ( born 27 June 1968 ) is an English former football defender who made 177 appearances in the Football League .
Oleksandr Mitrofanov ( Ukrainian : Олександр Митрофанов ; born 1 November 1977 ) is a footballer who last played as a midfielder for Kazakhstan Premier League side FC Ordabasy .
Diego Gaúcho ( born 15 November 1981 in Porto Alegre ) is a Brazilian footballer as a defender .
Willis Ochieng Oganyo ( born 10 October 1981 in Mathare ) is a Kenyan footballer who plays for Western Stima in the Tusker Premier League as a goalkeeper .
Ronan Quemener ( born February 13 , 1988 ) is a French ice hockey goaltender who played for France at the 2011 IIHF World Championship .
Oleksandr Polovkov ( Ukrainian : Олександр Іванович Половков ; born 4 October 1979 , Sverdlovsk , Voroshylovhrad Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for different clubs in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Karl Austin ( born 7 August 1961 ) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Stafford Rangers , Port Vale and Gresley Rovers in the 1980s .
Marcelo Carné ( born February 9 , 1990 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian goalkeeper .
Mario Genta ( 1 March 1912 -- 1993 ) was an Italian football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Mohammad Taghavi ( Persian : محمد تقوی‎‎ ) is an Iranian football defender , who played for Iran .
Valdenir Barretos ( born 6 February 1986 in Rio Brilhante ) , commonly known as Val Barreto , is a Brazilian forward .
Gustavo Blanco Leschuk ( born 5 November 1991 ) is an Argentine professional football player who plays as a forward .
Triston Grant ( born February 2 , 1984 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger , currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Sanel Kapidžić ( born 14 April 1990 in Sarajevo , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Danish footballer of Bosnian descent , who last played as a forward for Mjøndalen .
Diego Claudino da Silva ( born 26 March 1993 ) , known as Diego Silva or simply Diego , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos , on loan from Náutico , as a central defender .
Dwight James is a Barbadian international footballer who plays for Notre Dame , as a defender .
Alex Riggs ( born March 17 , 1988 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Saint Louis FC in the United Soccer League .
Blagoje Istatov ( Macedonian : Блaгoje Иcтaтoв , born 5 April 1947 ) is a Macedonian retired football goalkeeper .
Dominique Jean - Zéphirin ( born 3 June 1982 ) is a Haitian - French former footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Peter Gleasure is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Millwall , Northampton Town and Gillingham .
Lerin Duarte ( born 11 August 1990 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch footballer of Cape Verdean descent , playing as a midfielder for NAC Breda , on loan from Ajax .
Necip Uysal ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ned͡ʒip ujsaɫ ) , born 24 January 1991 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Beşiktaş .
Jérémy Livolant ( 9 January 1998 ) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Guingamp in Ligue 1 .
Saad Al Thyab ( Arabic سعد الذياب , born 22 November 1985 ) is a Saudi Arabian football player who currently plays as a defender for Al - Hilal .
Juan Felipe Alves Ribeiro , better known as Juan Felipe , ( born 5 December 1987 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Pahang FC in the Malaysia Super League .
Omar Monterde Villaescusa ( born 24 March 1989 in Valencia ) , simply known as Omar , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Legionovia Legionowo as a left winger .
Raphael Koch ( born 20 January 1990 ) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as a defender .
Milovan Milović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милован Миловић ; born 24 October 1980 in Raška ) is a Serbian football defender who is currently playing for Javor Ivanjica .
Fred Hopkinson ( 26 April 1908 -- after 1935 ) was an English footballer who made 221 appearances in the Football League playing as a wing half or inside right for Darlington and Barrow in the 1920s and 1930s .
Christian Gandu ( born 1 July 1992 ) is a Congolese professional footballer who plays in the Netherlands for Magreb'90 , as a midfielder .
Jaroslava Lorencová is a retired Czech football goalkeeper .
Aleksandr Olerski ( 18 May 1973 -- 21 October 2011 ) was a football forward from Estonia .
Chaowat Veerachat ( Thai : เชาว์วัฒน์ วีระชาติ ) , simply known as Ince ( Thai : อินซ์ ) , is a Thai footballer who plays for Thai Premier League clubside Buriram United as a midfielder .
Mirza Mujčić ( born 7 April 1994 ) is a Swedish footballer of Bosnian descent who plays as a defender .
Chris Clifford ( born May 26 , 1966 in Kingston , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender , who played two games in the National Hockey League with the Chicago Black Hawks .
Sidney Ross ( born 8 June 1869 ) was a former Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Marco Claúdio Cardoso Lourenço ( born 5 May 1979 in Lisbon ) , known as Marco Cláudio , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Marcelino García Toral ( born 14 August 1965 ) , known simply as Marcelino in his playing days , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder , and the current manager of Villarreal CF .
Ilja van Leerdam ( born August 8 , 1978 in Eindhoven , Netherlands ) is a Dutch former footballer who last played for North American Soccer League club FC Edmonton as a midfielder .
Jofre Mateu González ( born 24 January 1980 ) , known simply as Jofre , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Indian club FC Goa as a left midfielder .
Dimitri Altaryov also transliterated as Dmitry Altaryоv ( born August 13 , 1980 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Yugra Khanty - Mansiysk of the Kontinental Hockey League .
Marios Charalambous(Greek : Μάριος Χαραλάμπους ) born June 18 , 1969 is a former international Cypriot football defender .
Gustavo Culma ( born 20 April 1993 in Ortigal ) is a Colombian footballer currently playing as a winger for Bulgarian A Football Group club Litex Lovech .
Jean - Michel Fontaine ( born August 28 , 1988 in Saint - Pierre , Réunion ) is a French forward .
Gilles Peycelon ( born July 3 , 1960 in Saint - Étienne , France ) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Christer Kleiven ( born 9 April 1988 ) is a Norwegian midfielder who currently plays for Vigør in the 3 .
Badawi Abdel Fattah ( Arabic : بدوي عبدالفتاح‎ ) ( born 24 May 1935 - -6 December 2007 ) is an Egyptian former footballer who played as a midfielder for the Egyptian national team .
Daniel Steres ( born November 11 , 1990 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays for the LA Galaxy in Major League Soccer as a defender .
Francisco Gomes da Costa ( born 25 February 1919 ) , former Portuguese footballer who played as a forward .
Aleš Poplatnik ( born 25 June 1987 in SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian footballer who is a forward .
Madson Henrique Nascimento Santos ( born 9 May 1991 ) , commonly known as Madson , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Romanian club Universitatea Craiova as a central midfielder .
Antons Kurakins ( born 1 January 1990 ) is a Latvian professional football defender , currently playing for Hamilton Academical in the Scottish Premiership as a left - back .
Igor Nascimento Soares ( born August 3 , 1979 in Osasco ) , or simply Igor , is a Brazilian football defender , who currently plays for Botafogo - SP in the Brazilian Série B.
Mladen Ramljak ( 1 July 1945 in Zagreb - 13 September 1978 near Novska ) was a Croatian football defender .
Eusebio Alfredo Acasuzo Colán ( Spanish : Eusebio Acasuzo , born 8 April 1952 ) is a retired Peruvian professional football goalkeeper .
Georgi Gaydarov ( Bulgarian : Георги Гайдаров ; born 10 December 1984 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who plays as a defender .
Andreas Constantinou ( born October 12 , 1980 in Nicosia , Cyprus ) is a Cypriot football defender who currently plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni and national team of Cyprus .
Roberto Gimelli ( born 16 July 1982 in Canosa , Bari , Italy ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender .
Martina Piemonte is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A side San Zaccaria as a forward .
Gary Potter ( born 6 August 1952 , Chester ) is a former English footballer who played as a defender .
Mourad Hdiouad ( Arabic : مراد حدود‎ ; born 10 September 1976 ) is a former Moroccan international footballer who played as a midfielder .
Ralph Caraffi ( born January 19 , 1901 in Dunlevy , Pennsylvania ; died January , 1978 in Cleveland , Ohio ) was a U.S. soccer midfielder .
Krimo Rebih ( 1 May 1932 -- 6 October 2012 ) was a professional Algerian footballer who played as a forward .
David Linighan ( born 9 January 1965 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender from 1982 until 2002 .
Lucien Muller - Schmidt ( born September 3 , 1934 ) is a former French footballer and manager born in Bischwiller who played as a midfielder .
Giorgia Motta is an Italian football defender , currently playing for Torres CF in Serie A. She has also played for Bardolino CF in Serie A and AD Torrejón in the Spanish Superleague .
Pasquale Bruno ( born 19 June 1962 ) is an Italian football commentator and former professional footballer who played as a defender , remembered for being one of the toughest players in the history of Italian football .
Han Win Aung ( Burmese : ဟန်ဝင်းအောင် ; born 17 December 1986 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a defender for the Myanmar national football team .
Mykyta Kamenyuka ( Ukrainian : Микита Каменюка ; born 3 June 1985 , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Zorya in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Jeff Enquist ( born May 20 , 1968 in Beaverton , Oregon ) was a U.S. soccer forward who played two seasons in the Western Soccer League , one in the American Professional Soccer League and one in the USISL .
Thomas Epp ( born 7 April 1968 in Bietigheim - Bissingen , Baden - Württemberg ) is a retired German football forward .
Bjarni Ólafur Eiríksson ( born 28 March 1982 ) is an Icelandic football defender who is currently playing for Valur in Iceland .
Thijs Hendriks ( born 5 February 1985 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Achilles ' 29 mainly as a forward .
Koro Issa Ahmed Koné ( born 5 July 1989 ) , commonly known as Koro Koné , is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Arles - Avignon as a forward .
Clyde Leon ( born 8 December 1983 ) is an international soccer player from Trinidad and Tobago who plays professionally for W Connection as a midfielder .
David Vázquez González ( born 12 April 1985 in A Coruña , Galicia ) , known as Chapi , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender .
David Waugh ( born 1866 , date of death unknown ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Arturo Velazco is a former American soccer defender .
Danilo Goffi ( born 3 December 1972 in Legnano ) is an Italian long - distance runner , who specializes in the marathon .
Didier Ernst ( born 15 September 1971 ) is a former Belgian football player who played as a defender .
Timothy van der Meulen ( born 2 March 1990 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defender and who currently plays for Almere City in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Matheus Bitencourt da Silva ( born 28 June 1995 ) , commonly known as Matheus Biteco , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder , but also occasionally right back , for Grêmio .
Dejan Djuranović ( born 5 May 1968 in SFR Yugoslavia ) is a retired Slovenian international football midfielder .
Alexander Špoljarić ( Greek : Αλεξάντερ Σπόλιαριτς , Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Шпољарић ; born 28 November 1995 ) is a Cypriot football goalkeeper who plays for OFK Beograd .
Jelena Grubišić ( born 20 January 1987 ) is a Croatian handballer who plays as a goalkeeper for CSM Bucharest and the Croatian national team .
Carlos Javier Acuña Caballero ( born 23 June 1988 ) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club RCD Mallorca on loan from Club Olimpia as a forward .
Anton Lienert - Brown ( born 15 April 1995 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a second five - eighth or wing for the Chiefs in Super Rugby .
Fulvio Collovati ( born May 9 , 1957 ) is an Italian former footballer , who played as defender .
Boglárka Megyeri ( born 19 July 1987 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian football midfielder currently playing in the Hungarian First Division for Viktória FC - Szombathely .
Teemu Pukki ( born 29 March 1990 ) is a Finnish footballer who plays currently as a forward for Danish Superliga club Brøndby .
Adib Aizuddin Abdul Latif is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays as a defender for FELDA United F.C. in the Malaysian Super League .
Daniel Brückner ( born 14 February 1981 ) is a German football player of Algerian origin who plays as a midfielder for Rot - Weiß Erfurt .
Maria Sorvillo is an Italian football defender , currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Italy 's Serie A. She has won five leagues with SS Lazio , CF Bardolino and Torres CF . She has been a member of the Italian national team .
Alfred Stanley ( 1860 -- c. 1930 ) , known as Eddy Stanley , was an English footballer who played as a forward for Small Heath Alliance ( now Birmingham City ) from 1881 until his career was ended by injury ten years later .
Samuel Allegro ( born March 14 , 1978 in Saint - Chamond , Loire , France ) is a defender currently playing for Red Star .
José Rui Tavares da Veiga ( born 16 September 1982 in Póvoa de Santa Iria , Lisbon ) , commonly known as Zé Rui , is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Lusitano Futebol Clube as a left winger .
Kévin das Neves ( born 8 May 1986 in Clermont - Ferrand ) is a French football defender who plays for Championnat National side Châteauroux .
Greg Griffin ( September 6 , 1952 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is a retired professional basketball small forward who spent one season in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the Phoenix Suns during the 1977 - -78 season .
Fábio Moisés Rosa , known as Fabinho Mauá , ( born 12 December 1979 ) is a Brazilian football midfielder playing with AG Madeiras .
Daniel Lopes da Silva , known as Daniel Sobralense , ( born 10 February 1983 in Sobral ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Fortaleza as an attacking midfielder .
Tarik Elyounoussi ( Arabic : طارق اليونسي‎ ; born 23 February 1988 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for German Bundesliga club 1899 Hoffenheim , as a forward or winger .
Milan Biševac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Бишевац ; born 31 August 1983 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as centre - back for Italian Serie A club Lazio .
Giovanni Lodetti ( born 10 August 1942 ) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Borja Valero Iglesias ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈborxa βaˈleɾo ) ; born 12 January 1985 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Italian club Fiorentina as a central midfielder .
Zhang Chong ( Chinese : 张翀 ; pinyin : Zhāng Chōng born November 25 , 1987 ) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Dalian Aerbin in the Chinese Super League .
Nyanforth Peters ( born September 3 , 1975 ) is reputedly a Liberian soccer forward drafted by the Kansas City Wiz in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft .
Sebastian Steblecki ( born 16 January 1992 in Kraków ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Górnik Zabrze in the Polish Ekstraklassa .
José Rui de Pina Aguiar ( born 6 November 1964 ) , known as José Rui , is a Cape Verdean retired footballer who played as a central defender , and the current assistant coach of the Cape Verde national football team .
Manuel Francisco Serra ( born 6 November 1935 ) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a defender .
Juan Carlos Álvarez Vega ( born 2 May 1954 in El Entrego , Asturias ) is a Spanish retired football midfielder and manager .
Stefan Huber ( born 14 June 1966 ) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a goalkeeper during the 1980s , 1990s and early 2000s .
Mark Semioli ( born March 20 , 1968 in Brooklyn , New York ) is a retired American soccer defender who played six seasons in Major Soccer League , four in American Professional Soccer League and three in USISL .
Oleksiy Shlyakotin ( Ukrainian : Олексій Ігорович Шлякотін ; born 2 September 1989 in Kyiv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Edmilson Ferreira , shortly Castor ( born March 10 , 1979 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an offensive midfielder for Operário ( MS )
Fabio Rossitto ( born 21 September 1971 in Aviano , Province of Pordenone ) is a retired Italian football player who played as a midfielder from 1989 to 2007 .
Veljko Batrović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вељко Батровић , born 5 March 1994 ) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for Slovenian PrvaLiga club Zavrč , as a midfielder .
Wes Goldie ( born May 5 , 1979 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger who last played for the Alaska Aces of the ECHL .
Doris Bačić ( born 23 February 1995 ) is a Croatian football goalkeeper who last played for FC Rosengård of the Swedish Damallsvenskan .
David Onllwyn Brace ( 16 November 1932 - 4 July 2013 ) was a Welsh international scrum - half who played club rugby for Newport and Aberavon .
Zhao Lina ( simplified Chinese : 赵丽娜 ; traditional Chinese : 趙麗娜 ; pinyin : Zhào Lìnà ; born September 18 , 1991 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays goalkeeper .
José Carlos Granero Granero ( born 27 May 1963 in Chella , Valencia ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back or a central defender , and a current manager .
Manuel Canabal Fiestra ( born 10 November 1974 in Forcarei , Pontevedra ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a centre forward .
Dylan Gissi ( born 27 April 1991 ) is a Swiss football defender of Argentinean background .
José Balbino da Silva ( born 23 March 1896 - deceased ) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward .
Buran Beadini ( born 30 March 1955 ) is a football manager and former defender who played for clubs in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey .
Antonio Stankov ( born 19 February 1991 in Štip ) is a Dutch - Macedonian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Vejle Boldklub on loan from Viborg FF in the danish NordicBet Ligaen .
Warren Lipka ( born St. Louis , Missouri ) , is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who formerly coached the University of Kentucky women 's soccer team , and is now the head women 's soccer coach at Morehead State University .
Mickaël Mazzoli ( born 27 March 1987 ) is a Saint Martin international football midfielder last playing with FK Slavija in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Artyom Argokov ( borm January 1 , 1976 ) is a Kazakhstani professional ice hockey player who is a defenceman for Beibarys Atyrau .
Ioan Haydn Price ( 1883 -- 7 March 1964 ) was a Welsh footballer who played at wing half or centre forward for various clubs in the period prior to World War I , before brief spells as a manager with Walsall and Grimsby Town .
Jacob Melling ( born 4 April 1995 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays as midfielder for Melbourne City .
Erick Lonnis Bolaños ( born 9 September 1965 in San José ) is a retired Costa Rican football goalkeeper who played during the 1990s and early 2000s .
Dereje Alemu is an Ethiopian professional footballer , who plays as a goalkeeper for Dashen Beer .
Peter Pöllhuber ( born 30 April 1985 ) is an Austrian professional association football player , currently playing for Wiener Viktoria as a defender .
Romario Harewood ( born 17 August 1994 ) is a Barbadian footballer who currently plays for Barbados Defence Force of the Barbados Premier Division and the Barbados national team as a midfielder .
Pedro Pablo Hernández ( born 24 October 1986 ) is a Chilean footballer who plays for Spanish club Celta de Vigo as an attacking midfielder .
Rory Lawson ( born 12 March 1981 ) is a former Scottish international rugby union player who played his career in Scotland and England as a scrum half .
Anthony Hickey ( born November 22 , 1992 ) is an American basketball player who plays the point guard position , most recently for the Louisiana State University Tigers .
Aitor Tornavaca Fernández ( born 24 March 1976 ) , known simply as Aitor , is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Llanes mainly as a left midfielder .
Khoren Oganesian ( Armenian : Խորեն Հովհաննիսյան , born 10 January 1955 ) , also known as Khoren Hovhannisyan , is a former Armenian and Soviet football player who played midfielder and current manager and coach .
Ivo Smoje ( born 21 November 1978 ) is a retired Croatian football defender , last playing for NK Osijek , where he 's currently working as the sporting director .
Emeric Dudouit ( born 7 September 1991 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Les Herbiers .
Joseph Mwepu Ilunga ( 22 August 1949 -- 8 May 2015 ) was a football defender from Zaire ( now the Democratic Republic of the Congo ) .
Alessandro Potenza ( born 8 March 1984 in San Severo ) is an Italian football defender , who currently plays for Chennaiyin FC .
Yves Lenaerts ( born 27 February 1983 in Turnhout ) is a Belgian football goalkeeper who joined Club Brugge in 2006 .
Ljubiša Rajković ( born February 7 , 1950 in Donja Trnava village near Niš , PR Serbia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia .
Roman Akhalkatsi ( Georgian : რომან ახალკაცი ; born 20 February 1980 in Gori , Georgia ) is a Georgian footballer currently playing for Dila Gori as a midfielder .
Ariel Álvarez ( born 9 May 1973 ) is a Cuban former footballer who played at international levels , as a midfielder .
Pedro Magallanes ( born June 14 1956 ) is a retired Argentine football ( soccer ) midfielder who played professionally in Argentina and the United States .
Yanina Gaitán ( born 3 June 1978 ) is an Argentine former international footballer who played as a midfielder .
Carlos Marinelli ( born 14 March 1982 in Villa de Mayo , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine former footballer , who played as an attacking midfielder .
José Procópio Mendes , best known as Zezé Procópio ( August 12 , 1913 in Varginha , Minas Gerais State -- February 8 , 1980 in Valença , Rio de Janeiro State ) was an association footballer in midfielder role .
Robert Prytz ( born 12 January 1960 in Malmö , Scania ) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder from the late 1970s until the early 2000s .
Carlos Pedro Silva Morais ( born 21 March 1976 ) , commonly known as Caló , is a Cape Verdean retired footballer who played as a left winger .
Vincent Clerc ( born May 7 , 1981 ) is a French rugby union player who plays on the wing .
Sead Babača ( Cyrillic : Сеад Бабача , born 30 November 1981 ) is a Montenegrin football midfielder .
Trần Chí Công is a Vietnamese football defender who plays for Vietnamese V - League club Bình Dương F.C ..
Tyler Robertson ( born December 23 , 1987 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent .
Álvaro Cardoso Pereira ( born 7 November 1904 - deceased ) , former Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder .
Albert Dwayne Roloson ( born October 12 , 1969 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender and the current goaltending coach of the Anaheim Ducks .
Filip Chlup ( born 10 June 1985 ) is a Czech professional footballer who played as a midfielder for 1 .
Claudio Tello ( 28 September 1963 -- 15 April 2014 ) was a Chilean footballer who played as a defender .
Jeff Louis ( born 8 August 1992 ) is a Haitian international footballer who plays professionally for French club Caen , as a midfielder .
Fahad Hamad Yamani ( born 23 November 1989 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays for Al Ahli SC as a as a midfielder .
Mahan Rahmani ( Persian : ماهان رحمانی‎‎ ) ; is an Iranian Football midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Saipa in the Iran Pro League .
Kelechi Francis Ibekwe ( born 5 April 1984 , Lagos ) is a Nigerian football forward who currently plays for S.S. Calcio Giugliano in the Eccellenza .
Latu Makaafi , also spelt as Latu Maka'afi , ( born 1982 ) is a Tongan rugby union flanker and Number 8 who plays for RFU Championship team , Doncaster Knights
Justice Wamfor ( born 5 August 1981 ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Royal Antwerp in the Belgian Second Division as a midfielder .
Marcelo Nascimento da Costa ( born 24 August 1984 in Manacapuru , Amazonas ) commonly known as Marcelinho , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Bulgarian club Ludogorets Razgrad .
Dimitar Pechikamakov ( Bulgarian : Димитър Печикамъков ; born 24 June 1963 ) , is a former Bulgarian football midfielder and legendary footballer of Lokomotiv Gorna Oryahovitsa .
Nino Pekarić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Нино Пекарић ; born 16 August 1982 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Vojvodina .
Javier Modrego Casado ( born 19 January 1988 in Soria , Castile and León ) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Ânderson Luís da Silva ( born 13 February 1981 ) , known as Luisão , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Portuguese club Benfica .
Marco Perrotta ( born 14 February 1994 in Campodipietra ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Pescara in Serie A.
Sergio Schulmeister ( 30 April 1977 -- 4 February 2003 ) was an Argentine footballer who played as goalkeeper in some clubs in the Argentine Primera División .
Michel Pensée Billong ( born 16 June 1973 in Yaoundé ) is a former Cameroonian footballer who played as a defender .
Fernando Zunzunegui Rodríguez ( 5 October 1943 -- 28 August 2014 ) was a Spanish footballer , who played as a defender .
Christian Alfonso López ( born 2 May 1989 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder .
Normunds Sējējs ( born February 16 , 1968 in Riga ) is a former Latvian ice hockey defenceman and coach .
Dejan Koturović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дејан Котуровић ; born March 31 , 1972 ) is a retired Serbian basketball center .
Magdy Atwa or Magdi Atwa ( Arabic : مجدي عطوة‎ ) is an Egyptian football midfielder .
Darius Gvildys ( born 26 December 1970 ) is former football defender from Lithuania .
Harvey Limón ( born July 21 , 1975 ) is a Surinamese professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Groene Ster Heerlerheide
Lubambo Musonda ( born 1 March 1995 ) is a Zambian international footballer who plays for the Armenian club Gandzasar Kapan as a left winger .
Andrej Panadić ( born 9 March 1969 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian football coach and a former defender .
Milen Gamakov ( Bulgarian : Милен Гамаков ; born 12 April 1994 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Botev Plovdiv and the Bulgarian U21 team as a midfielder .
Pablo Sebastián Álvarez Valeira ( born 17 April 1984 in San Martín , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football defender who currently plays for Rosario Central .
Juris Laizāns ( born 6 January 1979 in Riga ) is a Latvian former football midfielder , currently working as a scout for FC Krasnodar in the Russian Premier League .
Narcís Julià Fontané ( born 24 May 1963 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender , and a current manager .
Nicolás Cambiasso ( born March 2 , 1978 ) is a retired Argentine football goalkeeper who last played for All Boys in the Argentine Primera División .
Juan José Ribera ( born 11 October 1980 ) is a Chilean former football midfielder who plays for Santiago Morning in Chile .
Guido van de Kamp ( born February 8 , 1964 in Den Bosch ) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a goalkeeper and is currently Facilities Manager for his hometown club F. C. Den Bosch .
Shang Yi ( born 20 January 1979 ) is Chinese former footballer who played at both professional and international levels , as a midfielder .
Régis Gurtner ( born 8 December 1986 in Saverne , Bas - Rhin ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Amiens as a goalkeeper .
César Cruchaga Lasa ( born 26 January 1974 in Ezcároz -- Ezkaroze , Navarre ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender .
Seamus Donal D'Arcy , known as Jimmy D'Arcy or sometimes Paddy D'Arcy , ( 14 December 1921 -- 22 February 1985 ) was an Northern Irish international footballer who played as an inside forward .
Dino Škvorc ( born 2 February 1990 ) is a Croatian football defender who currently playing for Hapoel Kfar Saba .
Marino Bifulco ( born 9 August 1982 in Pescara ) is an Italian goalkeeper who currently plays for Matera in the Italian Lega Pro / C.
Arsen Chilingaryan ( Armenian : Արսեն Չիլինգարյան , 1965 - 14 May 2013 ) was a Soviet Armenian football defender .
Stelios Longras(Greek : Στέλιος Λόγκρας ) born 17 August 1976 in Nicosia , Cyprus is a Cypriot football defender who last played for Olympiakos Nicosia after serving as captain for APEP Pitsilia for many years .
Ruaidhrí Higgins ( born 23 October 1984 ) is a midfielder playing with Coleraine in the Danske Bank NIFL Premiership in Northern Ireland .
Pete Marino ( born April 23 , 1973 ) is an American soccer forward currently playing for the Treasure Coast Galleons in the FESL .
Isus Angelov ( Bulgarian : Исус Ангелов ; born 30 March 1994 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing for Botev Galabovo as a midfielder .
José Antonio Redondo García ( born 8 March 1953 ) is a retired footballer who played as a defender , and a current manager .
Pedro dos Santos Pereira ( born 28 July 1978 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played mainly as a defender .
Eduardo Vieira do Nascimento , shortly Edu ( born January 11 , 1983 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward .
Olavo Leite de Bastos , commonly known by the nickname Kafunga ( August 7 , 1914 -- November 17 , 1991 ) , was an association footballer who played goalkeeper , who spent his entire career defending Atlético Mineiro .
Andrejs Piedels ( born in Jēkabpils , 17 September 1970 ) is a former Latvian football goalkeeper and the current goalkeeping coach of FK Jelgava in the Latvian Higher League and Latvia national football team .
Yevhen Yevseyev ( Ukrainian : Євген Васильович Євсеєв ; 16 April 1987 -- 19 August 2011 ) was a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for Arsenal Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Dinko Felić ( born 10 November 1983 ) is a Bosnian - born Norwegian footballer who plays as a forward .
Rowan Liburd ( born 28 August 1992 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Reading as a forward .
Steven Rice ( born May 26 , 1971 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger who played eight seasons in the National Hockey League in the 1990s .
Mondas is a fictional planet in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The Lahnstein family is a very wealthy and aristocratic prestigious fictional family on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe ( Forbidden Love ) .
Uriah Heep is a fictional character created by Charles Dickens in his novel David Copperfield .
Agent J ( born James Darrell Edwards III , and also called Jay , or just J ) is a fictional MIB agent in the film Men in Black , its sequels Men in Black II and Men in Black 3 , and Men in Black :
Prince Rabadash is a human character and the main antagonist in C. S. Lewis 's fantasy novel The Horse and His Boy .
The White Rabbit is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll 's book Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .
Glenn Quagmire , often referred to as just Quagmire , is a character from the animated television series Family Guy .
Meredith Grey , M.D. is a fictional character from the hit medical drama television series Grey 's Anatomy , which airs on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) in the United States .
Yasmin Green ( née McHugh ; previously Matthews and MacKenzie ) was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs , played by Ebony Thomas from 1998 until the end of the series in 2005 .
Celegorm ( IPA : ( ˈkeleɡorm ) ) is a fictional character in J. R. R. Tolkien 's Middle - earth legendarium , appearing in The Silmarillion .
Wilkins Micawber is a fictional character from Charles Dickens 's 1850 novel , David Copperfield .
Charlotte Day was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs , played by Leanne Lakey .
Dr. Reid Oliver is a fictional character from CBS 's daytime drama As the World Turns .
The Illusive Man is a fictional character in BioWare 's Mass Effect video game franchise .
Thomson and Thompson ( French : Dupond et Dupont ) are fictional characters in The Adventures of Tintin , the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .
Cosmic Boy , along with Saturn Girl and Lightning Lad , made his live - action debut in the eleventh episode of the eighth season of the CW series Smallville , portrayed by actor Ryan Kennedy .
Lady Tara Thornfield ( née Cockburn , previously Lady Oakwell ) is a fictional character from the British soap opera Emmerdale , played by Anna Brecon .
Pashang ( Persian : پَشَنْگ‎‎ ) , King of Turan , was according to Ferdowsi 's epic the Shahnameh , of the race of Tur the son of Fereydun and the father of Afrasiab .
Colonel Winston Mayer is a fictional character on the CBS daytime drama As the World Turns .
Michelle Fowler ( also Holloway ) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by actress Susan Tully .
Serpentor in the G.I. Joe vs. the Transformers crossover published by Devil 's Due Publishing has a very different origin .
According to some Bible critics who contextually read this passage , the description of Onan is an origin myth concerning fluctuations in the constituency of the tribe of Judah , with the death of Onan reflecting the dying out of a clan ;
In 2002 , Hasbro relaunched the G.I. Joe `` A Real American Hero '' toyline in time for its 20th Anniversary , and a brand new Destro was included in the initial wave , which also received a repaint , and another variant was packaged with Destro 's Devastator .
The Decepticons are the main antagonists in the fictional universes of the Transformers franchise and related comics and cartoons , and the enemies of the Autobots .
Yochlols are fictional demonic creatures in the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game .
Negan is a fictional character in the comic book series The Walking Dead .
In The Godfather , Part II , Frank Pentangeli is portrayed as a very old associate and family friend who has been with the family since the early days of the Corleone olive oil business .
Song Jiang is also featured as a character in Water Margin , one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature .
Optimus Primal is a fictional character from the Transformers toyline , and the leader of the Maximal forces and the protagonist in the Beast Wars television series .
Prospero ( /ˈprɒspəroʊ/ PROS - pər - oh ) is a fictional character and the protagonist of William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
Haydn Ross is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away , played by Charlton Hill ( known then as Andrew Hill ) The character debuted on - screen during the episode airing on 31 October 1990 and departed on 17 September 1991 .
Cassivellaunus appears in Geoffrey of Monmouth 's 12th century work Historia Regum Britanniae ( History of the Kings of Britain ) , usually spelled Cassibelanus or Cassibelaunus .
Bruno and Luisa di Marco are fictional characters from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played respectively by Leon Lissek from 29 January to 17 December 1998 and Stella Tanner from 29 January to 26 November 1998 .
Myth Drannor has appeared in Elminster in Myth Drannor , Curse of the Azure Bonds , Pools of Darkness , Eye of the Beholder III :
Lesley Jane Beale ( also Clarke and Collins ) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Laurie Brett .
Lorna Cartwright is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Janet Dibley intermittently between 31 July 1997 and 23 April 1998 .
Metallic dragon is a classification of dragon found in the role playing game Dungeons & Dragons .
Born to Quit is the second album by the Chicago - based pop punk band the Smoking Popes , originally released in 1994 by Johann 's Face Records and re - released in 1995 through Capitol Records .
Fair & Square is the 15th studio album by American folk singer - songwriter John Prine , released on Oh Boy Records in 2005 .
12 `` Vinyl Magik Muzik , Maelstrom Records 12 '' Vinyl `` Somewhere Inside '' ( Original Mix)--9:52 `` Somewhere Inside '' ( Andy Duguid Remix)--8:03
`` Hi , How Ya Doin' ? '' is a song written by Steve Horton and performed by Kenny G , released by Arista Records .
Cream of the Crop is the eighteenth studio album released by Diana Ross & the Supremes for the Motown label .
Steppenwolf 7 is an album by the band Steppenwolf , released in 1970 , and their fifth studio recording for Dunhill Records .
Impeach My Bush is the fourth studio album by Canadian recording artist Peaches , released on July 11 , 2006 by XL Recordings .
Made in Jamaica ( stylized as MADE iN JAMAÏCA ) is a remix album by French DJ Bob Sinclar album released in 2010 by Yellow Productions .
The Band changed their name to `` Kutless '' in October 2001 , before releasing their first three track EP followed up by their full - length album in 2002 on BEC Recordings .
Bareilles has stated that she wrote `` Bottle It Up '' prior to her signing to Epic Records in about 2003 , while pondering about the potential consequences of signing to a record label , along with her `` hopes and fears about what it would feel like . ''
The Impossibility of Silence is a CD studio album by Black Sun Productions , released by Old Europa Cafe in 2006 and produced by Massimo & Pierce .
Dizzy Up the Girl is the sixth studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls , released on September 22 , 1998 through Warner Bros. Records .
New Union Old Glory is a 2001 Lookout ! Records release by Ann Beretta .
Flat Baroque and Berserk is the fourth album by English folk / rock singer - songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper , and was first released in 1970 by Harvest Records .
Countdown to Extinction is the fifth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth , released on July 6 , 1992 through Capitol Records .
Diamonds for Breakfast is the fourth studio album by French singer Amanda Lear , released in 1980 by West German label Ariola Records .
`` Ask the Lonely '' is a soul / pop ballad recorded by Motown singing group the Four Tops .
Revenge Is Sweet , and So Are You is the seventh album by the Berkeley , California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience , released in 1997 by Lookout ! Records .
The Unveiling is the second studio album and first album released on independent hardcore Christian label Solid State Records by post - hardcore band Cry of the Afflicted .
`` Being Boiled '' was first released as a single in 1978 on the Fast Product label , and although failing to chart , was influential amongst other new wave and post - punk artists .
It was released in 1989 for Def Jam Recordings and was produced by Dwayne Simon and LL Cool J. `` Big Ole Butt '' would prove to be a mild success , making it to # 13 on the Hot Rap Singles and # 57 on the Hot R&B / Hip - Hop Singles & Tracks .
Where Myth Fades to Legend is the second full - length studio album by Alesana , released through Fearless Records on June 3 , 2008 .
Released under Decca Records , and produced by Owen Bradley , `` Fist City '' was recorded in late 1967 , but not released until early 1968 .
Dry Bones Dance is an album by Mark Heard , released in 1990 , the first to be released on his own Fingerprint Records .
`` Burning of the Midnight Lamp '' was released as a single in the United Kingdom by Track Records on August 19 , 1967 , backed with the specially - recorded B - side `` The Stars That Play with Laughing Sam 's Dice '' ; the single was also released in certain regions of Europe by Polydor Records .
`` She 's My Ex '' was released through Cruz Records in 1989 as a 10-inch and 12-inch single , cassette single , and CD single .
Outlandos d'Amour is the debut studio album by English rock band The Police , released in November 1978 by A&M Records .
`` Kickin ' Ass '' is a song by industrial rock group KMFDM from their 1986 album What Do You Know , Deutschland ? .
The End Is Begun , released on July 24 , 2007 , is 3 's fourth full length studio album , and the second to be released by Metal Blade Records .
Shock of the Hour is the debut album by rapper MC Ren , released November 16 , 1993 , on Ruthless Records and distributed by Relativity Records .
Thanks for Asking is an alternative hip hop album by Apsci , released on Quannum Projects on July 26 , 2005 .
`` Pjanoo '' ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈpjɑːnʊ ) ) is a keyboard - based house track by the Swedish DJ and producer Eric Prydz .
Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town is the 73rd album by American country singer Johnny Cash , released in 1987 , and his first for Mercury Records .
Sweetnighter is Weather Report 's fourth album , released on Columbia Records in 1973 .
When I Took That Train is the 40th release by avant - folk / blues singer / songwriter Jandek , and the first of four released in 2005 by his own Corwood Industries label , as # 0778 .
Lenses Alien is the second album by the indie rock band Cymbals Eat Guitars , released August 30 , 2011 on Barsuk Records .
Ask Rufus is the platinum - selling fifth studio album by funk band Rufus ( billed as Rufus featuring Chaka Khan ) , released on the ABC Records label in 1977 .
The Silver Tongued Devil and I is the second album by Kris Kristofferson , released in 1971 on Monument Records .
The demo for `` Make Me Your Baby '' was cut by journeyman session singer Jean Thomas on 22 January 1965 at the behest of Atlantic Records president Jerry Wexler , who wanted to offer the song to Patti LaBelle and the Bluebelles , then a Cameo - Parkway act Wexler was hoping to woo over to Atlantic .
Women and Children First is the third studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen , released on March 26 , 1980 on Warner Bros. Records .
`` 4 Hot Wave '' ( stylized as `` 4 hot wave '' ) is Japanese star Koda Kumi 's 32nd single under the Rhythm Zone label .
Odelay is the second official studio album and fifth overall by American alternative rock artist Beck , originally released on June 18 , 1996 , by DGC Records .
A Maximum High is the second studio album by the British rock band Shed Seven , released in April 1996 via Polydor Records .
`` Cherry Wine '' is a song by American rapper Nas , released in 2012 by Def Jam Recordings as the fourth single from his 2012 album Life Is Good .
So Much 2 Say , released in 1990 on Warner Bros. Records , is a Gospel music album by American contemporary Gospel music group Take 6 .
Welcome to America is the sixth album by rapper Schoolly D. The album was released in 1994 and was his first and only album for Ruffhouse Records .
Almighty Fire is the twenty - sixth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin , Released on April 13 , 1978 by Atlantic Records .
Burning Down Paradise is the sixth studio album by the British heavy metal band Tokyo Blade , released in 1995 on the German SPV GmbH sub - label Fresh Fruit .
When Everyone Wore Hats is a Book set , from rock band Daniel Amos , released in 2001 on Stunt Records .
2000 B.C. ( Before Can - I - Bus ) is the second studio album by rapper Canibus , released on July 18 , 2000 through Universal Records .
It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back is the second studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy , released on June 28 , 1988 by Def Jam Recordings .
Chaos of Forms is the third studio album by an American technical death metal band Revocation , released on August 16 , 2011 by Relapse Records .
`` It 's Only Make Believe '' is a song written by Jack Nance and American country music artist Conway Twitty , and produced by MGM Records ' Jim Vienneau , released by Twitty as a single in July 1958 .
Silent Movies are 13 solo guitar compositions by Marc Ribot released September 28 , 2010 on Pi Recordings .
Some Hearts Are Diamonds is the solo album by Chris Norman , released in 1986 by Hansa Records .
I Am Hollywood is the first full - length release on Solid State Records from the band He Is Legend .
The Miracles Doin' Mickey 's Monkey is a 1963 album by The Miracles for the Tamla ( Motown ) label .
Between the Times and the Tides is the ninth studio album by the American alternative rock musician Lee Ranaldo , released on March 20 , 2012 on Matador Records .
New Grass is a 1968 album by jazz saxophonist Albert Ayler released on Impulse ! Records .
Indica has released A Way Away in various editions through Nuclear Blast .
Released in 1993 on Warner Bros. Records , the album was made to accompany a television series also entitled Wind in the Wire .
Analogue Bubblebath Vol 3 is the third EP by electronic musician Richard D. James , under the pseudonym of AFX , released 1 February 1993 , on Rephlex Records .
Dead City Radio is a musical album by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs , which was released by Island Records in 1990 .
Do n't Crush That Dwarf , Hand Me the Pliers is The Firesign Theatre 's third comedy recording for Columbia Records , released in 1970 .
Violence & Force is the second studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter , released through Megaforce Records in 1985 .
Hangin ' Tough is the second album by American boy band New Kids on the Block , released on September 6 , 1988 by Columbia Records .
This Is Regina ! is the sixth studio album by singer - songwriter Regina Belle , and was released October 23 , 2001 on Peak Records .
Lookaftering is the second album by Vashti Bunyan , the follow - up to 1970 's Just Another Diamond Day , released in 2005 on Fat Cat Records .
Battle Born is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Killers , released on September 17 , 2012 through Vertigo Records in the UK and the following day on Island Records in the US .
Ten Songs in the Key of Betrayal is the fourth and final album by alternative rock group Alien Crime Syndicate released in 2004 through The Control Group and EMI .
`` Is n't She Pretty '' is a 1961 song recorded by The Temptations , and written by group members Eddie Kendricks and Otis Williams , as well as Motown 's founder Berry Gordy .
Oh My Gawd ! ! ! ( also known as Oh My Gawd!!! ... The Flaming Lips ) is The Flaming Lips ' second album , released on Restless Records in 1987 .
Meet Joe Mac is Joey McIntyre 's second studio album , released on May 15 , 2001 by Atlantic Records .
Diabolical Streak is the second studio album by American Neo - Cabaret artist Jill Tracy , released in 1999 .
Down in Albion was released on 14 November 2005 on Rough Trade Records , although it was leaked on to the Internet on 19 October 2005 .
Calling All Hearts is the fourth studio album by American R&B singer Keyshia Cole , released on December 21 , 2010 in the United States by Geffen Records .
Time Travelling Blues is the second album by the stoner metal band Orange Goblin released in 1998 on Rise Above Records and The Music Cartel .
Let It Enfold You is the debut album by American rock band Senses Fail after From the Depths of Dreams as well as their first release on Vagrant Records .
`` Johnny Loves Me '' is a pop single by Shelley Fabares released in 1962 on Colpix Records .
The Dreams of Children is the fourth studio album by new - age group Shadowfax , the second for Windham Hill Records .
One Vice at a Time is the sixth studio album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus , released in 1982 on Arista Records .
Still a massive success in Japan , Epic Records released Nukleopatra there in 1995 .
In 2010 , Mojo ranked Queen II as the 60th greatest album ever released on the Elektra Records label .
Bound by Ties of Blood and Affection is the sixth studio album by the Santa Cruz , California - based hardcore punk band Good Riddance , released May 20 , 2003 through Fat Wreck Chords .
Electr - O - Pura is the seventh studio album by the American indie rock band Yo La Tengo , released on May 2 , 1995 by Matador Records .
Il n'y a plus rien ( English : There Is No More ) is an album by Léo Ferré , released in 1973 by Barclay Records .
The Venezuelan Zinga Son , Vol . 1 is an album released by Venezuelan band Los Amigos Invisibles in 2002 ( Long Lost Brother Records ) and 2004 ( Luaka Bop ) .
The Process of Elimination is Leng Tch'e 's third full - length album and their first on Relapse Records .
Hollywood Potato Chip is the tenth studio album by the Southern California punk rock band The Vandals , released in 2004 by Kung Fu Records .
The Budos Band is an instrumental band recording on the Daptone Records label .
Budakhan Mindphone is a 1999 album by Squarepusher , released on Warp Records .
Three Views is a 3CD compilation album by trumpeter Dave Douglas which combines three volumes originally released as music downloads on Greenleaf Music 's Portable Series in 2011 and features Douglas ' Brass Ecstasy , a Quintet with Ravi Coltrane and Vijay Iyer , and the So Percussion Ensemble .
Born in the U.K. was Gough 's first album on his new record label EMI ( his contract with his previous label XL Recordings collapsed in 2004 ) and is co - produced with Nick Franglen , one half of the acclaimed trip - hop / electronica outfit Lemon Jelly , another XL Recordings artist .
Third Album for the Sun is the second album by Dissolve , released on 4 August 1997 through Kranky Records .
Cables ' Vision is a studio album by jazz pianist George Cables , released in 1980 on Contemporary Records .
Sorry in Pig Minor is the ninth and final studio album by the Minneapolis - based noise rock band the Cows , released on March 10 , 1998 by Amphetamine Reptile Records .
Die Miserable is the ninth album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts which was released on October 11 , 2011 through Relapse Records .
Move Along is the second studio album by American rock band The All - American Rejects , released on July 12 , 2005 by Interscope Records .
Hold on Now , Youngster ... is the debut album by Cardiff - based indie rock band Los Campesinos ! , released in February 2008 on Wichita Recordings .
Amabutho is the 1973 debut release by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo , recorded for Gallo Record Company ( the group are still with the label today ) .
The Only Place is the second studio album by American indie rock duo Best Coast , released on May 15 , 2012 by Mexican Summer .
Here 's to the Mourning is the fifth studio album by the San Diego , California rock band Unwritten Law , released in 2005 by Lava Records .
Oscar Peterson Plays Duke Ellington is an album by Canadian jazz pianist Oscar Peterson , of songs associated with Duke Ellington released in 1952 on Clef Records .
We Live Here is an album by the Pat Metheny Group , released in 1995 by Geffen Records .
England Keep My Bones is the fourth studio album by London - based singer - songwriter Frank Turner , released on 6 June 2011 , on Xtra Mile in the United Kingdom , and on 7 June 2011 , on Epitaph Records worldwide .
Deeper into Dream is the eighth studio album by Australian indie pop musician Ben Lee , released on 11 October 2011 through Lojinx in Europe and Dangerbird Records in the USA .
Piep Piep ( Beep Beep ) is the fifth hit single released by Schnuffel , on 8 October 2009 by Sony BMG Germany ( Sony BMG ) .
Play Monk and Powell is an album by Paul Motian and the Electric Bebop Band released on the German Winter & Winter label in 1999 and featuring performances of tunes by Thelonious Monk and Bud Powell .
55 Cadillac is the fourth studio album by American musician Andrew W.K. , released on September 7 , 2009 through Ecstatic Peace ! on vinyl format and W.K. 's own record label , Skyscraper Music Maker .
( Fresu 5th ) - Sempler , The Blue Note 1995 Labels ( EMI / Blue Note Records ) 1997 - Paolo Fresu 5th & Erwin Vann - Wanderlust ( RCA / Victor BMG ) 2001 - Melos 2002 - Kind of Porgy & Bess ( RCA Victor / BMG )
Memories of Us is an album by American country music artist George Jones , released in 1975 on the Epic Records label .
Cripple Crow is the fifth album by psych folk acoustic rocker Devendra Banhart released on September 13 , 2005 on XL Recordings .
Memoirs of a Curb Server is the seventh studio album by American rapper J. Stalin , released on July 10 , 2012 via Town Thizzness & INgrooves .
Nice Ass was the first proper full - length album by the band Free Kitten , released in 1995 on Kill Rock Stars .
Raw Like Sushi is the debut album of singer Neneh Cherry , released 2 May 1989 on Virgin Records .
O Retorno de Saturno ( English : The Return of Saturn ) is the fourth album by Detonautas , released in 2008 by Sony BMG .
Tally Hall was later signed with Atlantic Records and was approved to go back and touch - up Marvin 's Marvelous Mechanical Museum at Stratosphere Sound Recording Studios in NYC .
Be Your Own Best Friend was Ray Stevens ' sixteenth studio album as well as his fourth and final for Warner Bros. Records , released in 1978 .
Ideas Above Our Station is the first studio album by the English alternative rock band , Hundred Reasons , released on May 20 , 2002 , on Columbia Records .
Addicted to Bad Ideas is the fifth album by The World / Inferno Friendship Society , and their second for Chunksaah Records .
Wrapped Up Good is the second studio album by Australian country band The McClymonts released in Australia on 26 January 2010 by Universal Records .
What Grabs Ya ? is the second studio album by Belgian rock band Triggerfinger , released on 25 February 2008 through Excelsior Recordings .
A Shout Toward Noon is Kottke 's first recording on the Private Music label after a three - year sabbatical , largely due to a difficult tendinitis injury in his hand .
Here Comes Science is the fourth children 's album from Brooklyn - based band They Might Be Giants , packaged as a CD / DVD set .
Villa Elaine was Remy Zero 's second studio album , released in 1998 and produced for Geffen Records .
Wreck Your Life was the band 's first professionally released album , released by Chicago alt - country label , Bloodshot Records .
Dan Sartain vs. the Serpientes is the third album by the Birmingham , Alabama rock musician Dan Sartain , released in 2003 by Swami Records .
In 2007 , Yep Roc Records remastered Groovy Decay and made it available exclusively as a digital download on its website .
Everything She Touched Turned Ampexian is the fifth full - length album by Prefuse 73 , released on April 14 , 2009 on Warp Records .
Cure for Sanity is the third album by UK - based grebo band Pop Will Eat Itself ( and their second on the RCA Records label ) .
3 Words is the debut studio album by the English recording artist Cheryl Cole , released on 23 October 2009 by Fascination Records .
Katy Lied is the fourth album by Steely Dan , originally released in 1975 by ABC Records .
Arctic Moon became synonymous with labels such as Armada Music and Aly & Fila 's world famous `` Future Sound of Egypt Recordings '' internet radio show .
McCabe & Mrs. Miller is a 1971 American Revisionist Western film starring Warren Beatty and Julie Christie , and directed by Robert Altman .
Murder Without Crime is a 1950 British crime film directed by J. Lee Thompson ( his first film ) and starring Dennis Price , Derek Farr and Patricia Plunkett .
The Law Is the Law ( French : La loi , c'est la loi , Italian : La legge è legge ) is a 1958 French - Italian comedy film directed by Christian - Jaque .
The Mountain Calls ( German : Der Berg ruft ) is a film directed by Luis Trenker which recreates the struggle between Edward Whymper and Jean - Antoine Carrel for the first successful ascent of the Matterhorn in 1865 .
Le Péril jeune ( French pronunciation : ​(ləpeʁil ʒœn ) ) or The Good Old Daze is a 1994 French coming of age comedy - drama directed by Cédric Klapisch .
La Roue ( pronounced : ( la ʁu ) , `` The Wheel '' ) is a French silent film , directed by Abel Gance , who also directed Napoléon and J'accuse!.
The White Storm , formerly known as The Cartel War ( Chinese : 掃毒 ) is a 2013 Hong Kong - Chinese crime thriller film directed by Benny Chan and starring Sean Lau , Louis Koo , and Nick Cheung .
Django , Prepare a Coffin ( Italian : Preparati la bara ! , lit . `` Prepare a Coffin ! '' ) , alternatively titled Viva Django , is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western film directed by Ferdinando Baldi .
Belle ma povere ( internationally released as Pretty But Poor ) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi .
Waldo Salt and Norman Wexler wrote the screenplay , adapting Peter Maas 's biography of NYPD officer Frank Serpico , who went undercover to expose corruption in the police force .
Big Momma 's House is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Raja Gosnell , written by Darryl Quarles and Don Rhymer , and starring Martin Lawrence as FBI agent Malcolm Turner .
Harmony Lessons ( Kazakh : Асланның сабақтары , Russian : Уроки гармонии ) is a 2013 Kazakh - German drama film directed by Emir Baigazin .
The Past Is a Foreign Land ( Italian : Il passato è una terra straniera ) is a 2008 Italian neo - noir film directed by Daniele Vicari .
Dallas 362 is a 2003 film , starring and directed by Scott Caan .
Les Bidasses en folie is a French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi released in 1971 .
Holy Smoke ! is a 1999 Australian drama film directed by Jane Campion , who co - wrote the screenplay with her sister Anna .
Die Scheinheiligen is a German low - budget comedy film , written and directed by Thomas Kronthaler and based on a true incident in his hometown of Irschenberg .
The Bucket List is a 2007 American comedy - drama film directed by Rob Reiner , produced by Reiner , Alan Greisman , Craig Zadan and Neil Meron , written by Justin Zackham , and starring Jack Nicholson and Morgan Freeman .
Day Night Day Night is a 2006 drama film written and directed by Julia Loktev , starring Luisa Williams .
Paolo Barca , Schoolteacher and Weekend Nudist ( Italian : Paolo Barca , maestro elementare , praticamente nudista ) is a 1975 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini .
Young Winston is a 1972 British film based on the early years of British Prime Minister Winston Churchill .
Sexual Chronicles of a French Family ( French : Chroniques sexuelles d'une famille d'aujourd'hui ; lit : Sexual Chronicles of a Modern Family ) is a 2012 French comedy - drama film produced and directed by Pascal Arnold and Jean - Marc Barr .
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge ( English : The Big - Hearted Will Take Away the Bride ) , also known by the initialism DDLJ , is an Indian romance film written and directed by Aditya Chopra and produced by Yash Chopra .
Piccolo mondo antico ( literally : Little Ancient World ) , also known as Old - Fashioned World , is a 1941 Italian drama film directed by Mario Soldati and based on the 1895 novel The Little World of the Past by Antonio Fogazzaro .
The Gang That Sold America ( Italian : Squadra antigangsters ) is a 1979 Italian `` poliziottesco''-comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci .
Riding Giants is a 2004 documentary film directed and narrated by Stacy Peralta , a famous skater / surfer .
Night of the Ghouls is a 1958 horror film ( released in 1959 ) written and directed by Ed Wood , and a sequel of sorts to the 1955 film Bride of the Monster .
Quiero ser ( I want to be ... ) is a 2000 short drama film directed by Florian Gallenberger .
Grumpier Old Men was directed by Howard Deutch , with the screenplay written by Mark Steven Johnson and the original music score composed by Alan Silvestri .
Five Graves to Cairo is a 1943 World War II film by Billy Wilder , starring Franchot Tone and Anne Baxter .
Jonah Who Will Be 25 in the Year 2000 ( French : Jonas qui aura 25 ans en l'an 2000 ) is a 1976 Swiss film directed by Alain Tanner and written by Tanner and John Berger .
Carlo Giuliani , Boy ( Italian : Carlo Giuliani , ragazzo ) is a 2002 Italian documentary film directed by Francesca Comencini .
Payment on Demand is a 1951 drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt that stars Bette Davis .
The Little Napoleon ( German : Der kleine Napoleon ) is a 1923 German silent historical comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Egon von Hagen , Paul Heidemann and Harry Liedtke .
The Longest Summer ( Simplified Chinese : 去年烟花特别多 , Traditional Chinese : 去年煙花特別多 ; lit : `` The Flurry of Fireworks last year '' ) is Hong Kong independent director Fruit Chan 's second feature in the `` 1997 trilogy '' , first released in 1998 .
The Left - Hand Side of the Fridge ( French : La Moitié gauche du frigo ) was the first full - length feature film by Canadian film director Philippe Falardeau , released in 2000 .
The Sino - Japanese War at Sea 1894 is a 2012 Chinese historical war film directed and written by Feng Xiaoning , starring Lu Yi , Xia Yu and others .
The January Man is a 1989 comedy / thriller film , directed by Pat O'Connor from a screenplay by John Patrick Shanley .
Good Dick is a 2008 film directed by Marianna Palka .
The Skin I Live In ( Spanish : La piel que habito ) is a 2011 Spanish psychological thriller film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar , starring Antonio Banderas , Elena Anaya , Marisa Paredes , Jan Cornet , and Roberto Álamo .
So Can I ( Persian : منم میتونم , Manam mitunam‎ ) is a 1975 Iranian short film directed by Abbas Kiarostami .
It 's Always Fair Weather is a 1955 MGM musical satire scripted by Betty Comden and Adolph Green , who also wrote the show 's lyrics , with music by André Previn and starring Gene Kelly , Dan Dailey , Cyd Charisse , Dolores Gray , and dancer / choreographer Michael Kidd in his first film acting role .
Mankatha is a 2011 Indian Tamil black comedy - action film written and directed by Venkat Prabhu .
Her Favourite Husband ( also known by the alternative titles The Taming of Dorothy and Quel bandito sono io ) is a 1950 British - Italian comedy film directed by Mario Soldati and starring Jean Kent , Robert Beatty and Margaret Rutherford .
A Screaming Man ( French : Un homme qui crie ) is a 2010 French - Chadian drama film by Mahamat Saleh Haroun , starring Youssouf Djaoro and Diouc Koma .
Tarzan and His Mate is a 1934 American Pre - Code action adventure film based on characters created by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Burnt Money ( Spanish : ' ' Plata quemada '' ) is a 2001 Argentine action thriller directed by Marcelo Piñeyro and written by Piñeyro and Marcelo Figueras .
La liceale seduce i professori ( literally The high school girl seduces the teachers , internationally released as How to Seduce Your Teacher ) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti .
Toto and the King of Rome ( Italian : Totò e i re di Roma ) is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and Steno .
Fish and Elephant ( Chinese : 今年夏天 ; pinyin : Jīn nián xià tiān ; literally : `` This summer '' ) is documentary filmmaker and former TV hostess Li Yu 's feature film directorial debut .
Exit : una storia personale ( Exit : a personal history ) , is a 2010 Italian indie drama film written and directed by Massimiliano Amato and starring Luca Guastini , Nicola Garofalo , Marcella Braga , Paolo Di Gialluca and Antonio Calamonici .
The Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox is a 1976 Western romantic comedy film starring Goldie Hawn and George Segal , produced , directed and co - written by Melvin Frank .
The Doctor 's Horrible Experiment ( French : Le Testament du docteur Cordelier ) is a 1959 French black - and - white television film directed by Jean Renoir .
The Games of Countess Dolingen ( French : Les Jeux de la comtesse Dolingen de Gratz ) is a 1981 French fantasy - drama film written and directed by Catherine Binet and starring Carol Kane .
The Girls and Daddy is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith with Griffith appearing in a small blackface role .
Flowers of Reverie ( Hungarian : Szirmok , virágok , koszorúk ) is a 1984 Hungarian drama film directed by László Lugossy .
Deadbeat at Dawn is a low - budget film written and directed by Jim Van Bebber and starring Paul Harper , Megan Murphy , and Marc Pitman .
Concrete Night ( Finnish : Betoniyö ) is a 2013 drama film directed by Finnish filmmaker Pirjo Honkasalo .
Kalos ilthe to dollario ( Greek : Greek : Καλώς ήλθε το δολλάριο , Welcome the Dollar ) is a 1967 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios .
Tarzan and the Leopard Woman was a 1946 action film based on the Tarzan character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs and portrayed by Johnny Weissmuller .
Living in Oblivion is a 1995 low - budget independent comedy - drama film , written and directed by Tom DiCillo and is also Peter Dinklage 's debut role .
The Big Tease is a 1999 comedy film starring Craig Ferguson , directed by Kevin Allen , and written by Ferguson and Sacha Gervasi .
The Time to Live and the Time to Die ( also known as A Time to Live , A Time to Die ; Chinese : 童年往事 ; pinyin : Tóngnián wǎngshì , lit . `` Incidents from a Childhood Past '' ) is a 1985 film directed by Hou Hsiao - Hsien .
Clandestine Childhood ( Spanish : Infancia clandestina ) is a 2011 Argentine historical drama film directed by Benjamín Ávila and starring Natalia Oreiro , Ernesto Alterio and César Troncoso .
Uthiripookkal ( English : Scattered flowers ) is a 1979 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by J. Mahendran .
Saint John , the Beheaded ( Italian : San Giovanni decollato ) is a 1940 Italian comedy film directed by Amleto Palermi and Giorgio Bianchi and starring Totò , Titina De Filippo and Silvana Jachino .
8½ ( Italian title : Otto e mezzo ( ˈɔtto e ˈmɛddzo ) ) is a 1963 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Federico Fellini .
Death Rite ( French : ' ' Les Magiciens '' ) is a 1976 film co - written and directed by Claude Chabrol .
La banda Casaroli is a 1962 Italian crime - drama film directed by Florestano Vancini .
I Met Him in Paris is a 1937 film made by Paramount Pictures , directed by Wesley Ruggles , written by Claude Binyon , and starring Claudette Colbert , Melvyn Douglas , and Robert Young .
Männin is a 2015 French - German philosophical drama film ( short film ) written and directed by Mika'ela Fisher .
The Perfect Furlough is a 1958 romantic service comedy directed by Blake Edwards and written by Stanley Shapiro .
The Godfather Part II is a 1974 American epic crime film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay co - written with Mario Puzo , starring Al Pacino and Robert De Niro .
Hail the Judge ( Chinese : 九品芝麻官 ) is a 1994 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing , starring Stephen Chow , Cheung Man , and Ng Man Tat .
The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers ( Russian : Новые приключения Неуловимых , translit . Novye prikluchenya Neulovimykh ) is a 1968 Soviet action movie , a sequel of The Elusive Avengers , directed by Edmond Keosayan and made on Mosfilm .
Boxing Helena won Worst Director for Jennifer Lynch at the 14th Golden Raspberry Awards in 1994 .
Arsène Lupin Returns is a 1938 American mystery film directed by George Fitzmaurice and written by James Kevin McGuinness , Howard Emmett Rogers and George Harmon Coxe .
Aagathan ( Malayalam : ആഗതന്‍ ) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Kamal starring Dileep , Sathyaraj , Charmee Kaur and Lal .
The Monk and the Fish ( French : Le Moine et le poisson ) is a 1994 animated short film made by Michaël Dudok de Wit at the studio Folimage .
Lemmy pour les dames is a 1962 French eurospy film directed by Bernard Borderie .
Hercules , Samson and Ulysses , ( Italian : Ercole sfida Sansone ) is a 1964 Italian peplum film directed by Pietro Francisci .
Le Divorce is a 2003 Merchant Ivory Productions film directed by James Ivory from a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and Ivory , based on Diane Johnson 's best - selling novel of the same name .
Mozart 's Sister ( French title : Nannerl , la sœur de Mozart ) is a 2010 French drama film written and directed by René Féret and starring two of his daughters .
Die , Mommie , Die ! is a 2003 American satirical comedy film written by Charles Busch , who also plays the lead role .
A Soldier 's Story is a 1984 American drama film directed by Norman Jewison , based upon Charles Fuller 's Pulitzer Prize - winning Off Broadway production A Soldier 's Play .
The Clearstream Affair ( French title : L'Enquête ) is a 2014 thriller film directed by Vincent Garenq , based on the Clearstream scandal in 2001 .
Identity Thief is a 2013 American crime comedy film directed by Seth Gordon , written by Craig Mazin , and starring Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy .
The Exorcism of Emily Rose is a 2005 American courtroom drama horror film directed by Scott Derrickson and starring Laura Linney and Tom Wilkinson .
A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas is a 2011 3D stoner comedy Christmas film directed by Todd Strauss - Schulson , written by Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg , and starring John Cho , Kal Penn , and Neil Patrick Harris .
The Hangover is a 2009 American comedy film , co - produced and directed by Todd Phillips and written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore .
Only God Forgives is a 2013 Danish - French psychological thriller film written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn , starring Ryan Gosling , Kristin Scott Thomas , and Vithaya Pansringarm .
`` Demon with a Glass Hand '' is an episode of The Outer Limits television series , the second to be based on a script by Harlan Ellison , which Ellison wrote specifically with actor Robert Culp in mind for the lead role .
Fellini Satyricon , or simply Satyricon , is a 1969 Italian fantasy drama film written and directed by Federico Fellini and loosely based on Petronius 's work Satyricon , written during the reign of the emperor Nero and set in imperial Rome .
A Man and His Dog ( Un Homme et Son Chien ) is a 2008 French film directed by French director Francis Huster , starring Jean - Paul Belmondo , based on the 1952 film Umberto D. directed by Vittorio De Sica , and written by Cesare Zavattini .
The New Barbarians ( Italian : I nuovi barbari ) is a 1983 Italian post - apocalyptic action film directed by Enzo G. Castellari .
Stowaway in the Sky ( French : Le Voyage en ballon ) is a 1960 French family adventure film , directed by Albert Lamorisse .
Farewell , My Queen was directed by Benoît Jacquot and based on a script by him , Chantal Thomas , and Gilles Taurand .
To Die For is a 1995 American crime comedy - drama film , made in a mockumentary format , directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry , based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard , which in turn was based on the factual story of Pamela Smart .
Il male oscuro ( internationally released as Dark Illness and The Obscure Illness ) is a 1990 Italian drama film directed by Mario Monicelli .
Back in Crime ( French : L'Autre Vie de Richard Kemp ) is a 2013 French crime film directed by Germinal Alvarez .
Searching for Bobby Fischer , released in the United Kingdom as Innocent Moves , is a 1993 American drama film written and directed by Steven Zaillian .
Putham Pudhu Payanam ( English : Brand New Journey ) is a 1991 Tamil language drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar .
Subconscious Password is a 2013 3-D animated film by Chris Landreth offering an imaginary , comedic look at the inner workings of Landreth 's mind , as he tries to remember someone 's name at a party .
Motherland Hotel ( Turkish : Anayurt Oteli ) is a 1986 Turkish film directed by Ömer Kavur .
Lisa and the Devil ( Italian : Lisa e il diavolo ) is a 1973 Italian horror film directed by Mario Bava .
The Bird with the Crystal Plumage ( Italian : L'uccello dalle piume di cristallo ) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Dario Argento , in his directorial debut .
In the Country Fell a Star ( Italian : In campagna è caduta una stella ) is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Eduardo De Filippo .
Guai ai vinti ( Woe to the Vanquished Ones ) is a 1954 Italian melodrama film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo .
Il tenente dei carabinieri ( The lieutenant of Carabinieri ) is a 1986 Italian crime - comedy film directed by Maurizio Ponzi .
The Amazing Mr. Blunden is a 1972 family mystery and ghost film directed by Lionel Jeffries , based on the novel The Ghosts by Antonia Barber .
The Intouchables ( French : Intouchables ( ɛ̃tuʃabl ) , UK : Untouchable ) is a 2011 French comedy - drama film directed by Olivier Nakache & Éric Toledano .
The Girl in the Café is a British made - for - television drama film directed by David Yates , written by Richard Curtis and produced by Hilary Bevan Jones .
In una notte di chiaro di luna ( internationally released as Crystal or Ash , Fire or Wind , as Long as It 's Love , also known as On a Moonlit Night and As Long as It 's Love ) is a 1989 Italian drama film directed by Lina Wertmüller .
If the Sun Never Returns ( French : Si le soleil ne revenait pas ) is a Franco - Swiss film directed by Claude Goretta , with a script written by the director , from the original novel by Charles Ferdinand Ramuz and stars Charles Vanel , Catherine Mouchet and Philippe Léotard .
Willy the Sparrow ( Hungarian : Vili , a veréb ) is a 1989 Hungarian animated film directed by József Gémes .
Face / Off was a spec script which writers Mike Werb and Michael Colleary tried to sell to a studio from as early as 1990 .
Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex * ( * But Were Afraid to Ask ) is a 1972 comedy film directed by Woody Allen .
Man at Bath ( French : Homme au bain ) is a 2010 French film by Christophe Honoré starring François Sagat and Chiara Mastroianni .
Romanzo popolare ( internationally released as Come Home and Meet My Wife ) is a 1973 Italian comedy drama film directed by Mario Monicelli .
Saravana is a 2006 Tamil action drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar .
The Law of the Border ( Turkish : Hudutların Kanunu ) is a 1966 Turkish drama film , written by Yılmaz Güney and directed by Ömer Lütfi Akad .
The Color of Lies is a 1999 film co - written and directed by Claude Chabrol .
Snake Fang ( Persian : Dandan - e - mar‎ ) is a 1990 Iranian war film directed by Masoud Kimiai .
Ham and Eggs is an animated cartoon produced by Walter Lantz , and as part of the Oswald the Lucky Rabbit series .
Pathram ( English : The Newspaper ) is a 1999 Malayalam political thriller film written by Renji Panicker and directed by Joshi , starring Suresh Gopi , Murali , Manju Warrier , N. F. Varghese , Biju Menon , T. P. Madhavan and Spadikam George .
Distant Voices , Still Lives is a 1988 British film directed and written by Terence Davies .
Blind Woman 's Curse ( Japanese : 怪談昇り竜 ) is a 1970 Japanese action film directed by Teruo Ishii .
See How They Dance ( French : Voyez comme ils dansent ) is a 2011 French drama film directed by Claude Miller .
Vulcan , Son of Giove ( Vulcano , figlio di Giove ) is a 1962 Italian fantasy - adventure film directed and co - written by Emimmo Salvi in his directorial debut .
Formula for a Murder ( Italian : 7 , Hyden Park - La casa maledetta ) is a 1985 Italian giallo - horror film written and directed by Alberto De Martino ( here credited as Martin Herbert ) .
Live Like a Cop , Die Like a Man was based off a screenplay by Fernando Di Leo originally titled Poliziotti si nasce poliziotti si muore ( Born a Cop , Die a Cop ) .
The Clemenceau Case is a 1915 American silent drama film written and directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Theda Bara .
Separado ! is a 2010 British documentary film directed by Dylan Goch and focuses on Gruff Rhys going to South America in search of a distant relative René Griffiths .
Battle of Warsaw 1920 ( pol . Bitwa warszawska 1920 ) is a Polish historical film directed by Jerzy Hoffman depicting the events of the Battle of Warsaw ( 1920 ) of the Polish--
The Children Are Watching Us ( Italian : I bambini ci guardano ) is a 1944 Italian drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica .
Season for Assassins ( Italian : Il tempo degli assassini , also known as The Time of the Assassin and Mad Men ) is a 1975 Italian poliziottesco - drama film written and directed by Marcello Andrei .
The White Ribbon is a 2009 black - and - white German - language drama film written and directed by Michael Haneke .
Diary of a Country Priest ( French : Journal d'un curé de campagne ) is a 1951 French film written and directed by Robert Bresson , and starring Claude Laydu .
I giorni contati ( internationally released as His Days Are Numbered , The Days are Numbered and Numbered Days ) is a 1962 Italian drama film directed by Elio Petri .
Mad Dog Morgan is a 1976 Australian bushranger film directed by Philippe Mora and starring Dennis Hopper , Jack Thompson and David Gulpilil .
La seconda volta non si scorda mai ( `` The second time is never forgotten '' ) is a 2008 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Ranieri Martinotti and starring Alessandro Siani and Elisabetta Canalis .
The Terminator is a 1984 American science fiction action film directed by James Cameron , written by Cameron and the film 's producer Gale Anne Hurd , and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger , Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton .
37 1/2 , sometimes written 37 og et halvt is a 2005 Norwegian comedy - drama film directed by Vibeke Idsøe , starring Helén Vikstvedt .
Bye Bye Monkey ( Italian : Ciao maschio , French : Rêve de singe ) is a 1978 Italian - French film , directed by Marco Ferreri and starring Gérard Depardieu , Marcello Mastroianni , James Coco and Geraldine Fitzgerald .
Uno contro l'altro , praticamente amici ( Against one another , virtually friends ) is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci .
Lord of Illusions is a 1995 American horror film written and directed by Clive Barker , based on his earlier short story , The Last Illusion ( from Books of Blood Vol . 6 ) .
Your Friends & Neighbors is a 1998 black comedy film written and directed by Neil LaBute and starring Amy Brenneman , Aaron Eckhart , Catherine Keener , Nastassja Kinski , Jason Patric , and Ben Stiller in an ensemble cast .
Nina Frisk is a Swedish comedy film from 2007 , written and directed by Maria Blom .
Salò , or the 120 Days of Sodom ( Italian : Salò o le 120 giornate di Sodoma ) , commonly referred to as simply Salò ( Italian : ( saˈlɔ ) ) , is a 1975 Italian - French art film written and directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini , with uncredited writing contributions by Pupi Avati .
Una bella governante di colore is a 1976 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Luigi Russo and starring Renzo Montagnani with Pasolini muse Ines Pellegrini .
The Last Minute is a 2001 British urban gothic film , written and directed by Stephen Norrington .
Do n't Play with Tigers ( Italian : Ricchi , ricchissimi ... praticamente in mutande ) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Martino .
The Olsen Gang Long Gone ( Danish : Olsen - banden over alle bjerge ) is a 1981 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe .
Under Ten Flags ( Italian : Sotto dieci bandiere ) is a 1960 Italian - American war film directed by Duilio Coletti .
Alle tijd ( US Title : Time to Spare ) is a Dutch film directed by Job Gosschalk and starring Paul de Leeuw and Karina Smulders .
Based on the novel The 25th Hour by David Benioff , who also wrote the screenplay , it tells the story of a man 's last 24 hours of freedom as he prepares to go to prison for seven years for dealing drugs .
The film was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the plays The Moon of the Caribbees , In the Zone , Bound East for Cardiff , and The Long Voyage Home by Eugene O'Neill .
Maria Marten , or the Mystery of the Red Barn is a 1913 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey .
Periya Kudumbam ( English : Big Family ) is a 1995 Tamil drama film , directed by K. S. Ravikumar , starring Prabhu , Kanaka , Vineetha , Manorama , Vijayakumar , Lakshmi , Chandrasekhar , Chithra , Goundamani , Senthil .
Tokyo - Ga is a 1985 documentary film ( shot in spring 1983 ) directed by Wim Wenders ostensibly about filmmaker Yasujiro Ozu .
Camille Claudel 1915 is a 2013 French biopic written and directed by Bruno Dumont .
In the Name of the Sovereign People ( Italian : In nome del popolo sovrano ) is a 1990 Italian historical comedy - drama film written and directed by Luigi Magni .
Cela s'appelle l'aurore ( English : This is Called Dawn ) is a 1956 Franco - Italian film , directed by Luis Buñuel .
Jakob the Liar is a 1999 American drama film directed by Peter Kassovitz and starring Robin Williams , Alan Arkin , Liev Schreiber , Hannah Taylor - Gordon , and Bob Balaban .
Natale a Rio ( Christmas in Rio ) is a 2008 Italian cinepanettone directed by Neri Parenti with Christian De Sica .
Colombiana is a 2011 French action film , co - written and produced by Luc Besson and directed by Olivier Megaton .
Sex Traffic is a British - Canadian drama two - part series directed by David Yates , written by Abi Morgan , and produced by Veronica Castillo and Derek Wax .
Demons of War ( Polish : Demony wojny według Goi ) is a 1998 Polish war drama by Władysław Pasikowski set during the Bosnian War .
Adrien 's Story ( French : Histoire d'Adrien ) is a 1980 Occitan language French drama film written , directed and produced by Jean - Pierre Denis .
The Virgin of Stamboul is a 1920 American drama film directed by Tod Browning and starring husband and wife team Priscilla Dean and Wheeler Oakman and featuring Wallace Beery in a supporting role .
This Happy Feeling is a 1958 film by Blake Edwards adapted from the F. Hugh Herbert play For Love or Money .
The Citroën DS ( French pronunciation : ​(sitʁoɛn de ɛs ) ) is a front - engine , front - wheel - drive executive car manufactured and marketed by the French company Citroën from 1955 to 1975 in sedan , wagon / estate and convertible body configurations .
Edith Charlotte Price ( 1872 - -1956 ) was an English female chess master .
Máel Coluim , Earl of Angus , ruled roughly 1214 - -1240 , was mormaer of Angus , and the last of his family in the male line with title over that province .
Andrew Lesuuda ( b. 1991 - 04 - 15 ) is a male long - distance runner from Kenya .
Ip Pui Yi ( Chinese : 葉珮兒 ; pinyin : Yè Pèi'ér ; Jyutping : jip6 pui3 ji4 ; born November 28 , 1978 ) is a Hong Kong female sport shooter .
Helen May Butler ( 1867 - -1957 ) was an American bandleader and composer who has been called `` The female Sousa '' .
Wu Jiani ( Chinese : 吴佳妮 ; 1966 - ) is a former female Chinese gymnast .
Sarah Groenewald ( born 5 May 1985 in Lilydale , Victoria ) is a female Australian football ( soccer ) player who currently plays for Melbourne Victory in the W - League ( Australia ) .
Miyuki Fukumoto née Aoyama ( born 4 January 1977 ) is a female high jumper from Japan .
Natasha Brennan ( born October 11 , 1986 ) is a female rugby union and represented England at the 2014 Women 's Rugby World Cup .
Wang Zhengming ( born February 16 , 1990 in Guangzhou , Guangdong ) is a male badminton player from China .
Assa Koïta ( born June 28 , 1991 in Vitry - sur - Seine ) is a French female rugby union player .
Meliha İsmailoğlu ( born Meliha Smajlović on September 17 , 1993 in Gradačac , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian - Turkish female volleyball player .
' Herman Puig ( born German Puig Paredes on 25 February 1928 ) is a pioneer of male nude photography .
Brooke Krueger - Billett ( born 9 July 1980 in Tailem Bend ) is a female hammer thrower from Australia .
Years later , Russ Regan publicly disclosed his surprise and confusion that Dahlstrom 's albums had not been high profile successes , saying , `` In my career there are two female singer / songwriters who I signed , that should 've been stars , Patti Dahlstrom and Harriet Schock '' .
Yan Fang ( simplified Chinese : 阎芳 ; traditional Chinese : 閻芳 ; pinyin : Yán Fāng ; born July 26 , 1969 ) is a female Chinese softball player .
María Gabriela Pazos ( born September 20 , 1967 ) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina .
In Norse mythology , Jörð ( Icelandic `` earth '' , pronounced ( ˈjœrð ) and from Old Norse jǫrð , pronounced ( ˈjɔrð ) , sometimes Anglicized as Jord or Jorth ; also called Jarð , ( jɑrð ) as in Old East Norse ) , is a female jötunn .
Statue of Gen. Daniel Davidson Bidwell ( October 19 , 1924 , Colonial Circle , Buffalo , New York ) The Guardian ( 1937 ) Brookgreen Gardens ( a young male standing with a long bow and a dog sitting at his feet ) Sahl Swarz :
Jun Mizutani ( Japanese : 水谷 隼 ; born 9 June 1989 ) is a male Japanese table tennis player .
Anna Jelmini is an American female track and field athlete .
Xie Zhongbo ( Chinese : 谢中博 ) , is a male badminton player from People 's Republic of China .
Zita Urbonaitė ( September 3 , 1973 -- May 26 , 2008 ) was a female road racing cyclist from Lithuania .
Zhang Xiyan(simplified Chinese : 张喜燕 ; traditional Chinese : 張喜燕 ; pinyin : Zhāng Xǐyàn ; April 22 , 1980 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is the most successful female Chinese amateur and professional boxer .
Rie Ueno ( born June 11 , 1976 ) is a female long - distance runner from Japan , who is best known for winning the women 's 5,000 metres at the 1999 Summer Universiade .
Fábio Paranhos Marcelino nicknamed Pinha ( born 11 March 1973 ) is a former Brazilian male volleyball player .
Myrella Cohen QC FRSA LLD ( Hon ) ( Manchester , 1927 -- October 2002 ) was one of the first female judges in Great Britain .
Baptiste Giabiconi ( born 9 November 1989 ) is a French male model and singer from Marignane , France .
Cara - Beth Burnside , nicknamed `` CB '' , is a pioneer of women 's professional skateboarding and snowboarding from Orange , California and ranks amongst the top female athletes in these sports in the world .
Song Kai ( born 1984 - 01 - 29 ) is a male Chinese rower , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Marie Owens ( 1853 - -1927 ) is believed to have been the first female police officer in the U.S. , joining the Chicago Police Department in 1891 , and retiring in 1923 .
Casey Gallagher ( born 2 August 1996 ) is an English female darts player currently playing in British Darts Organisation events .
Like the well - known Indonesian female leader Raden Ayu Kartini , Rasuna Said fought for equality between men and women .
Aliaksandr Malashevich ( Belarusian : Аляксандар Малашэвіч ; born 7 April 1977 ) is a male discus thrower from Belarus .
Christina Sampanidis ( born 12 May 1988 ) is a female footballer currently playing for ŽFK Mašinac PZP Niš .
Márcia Narloch ( born 28 March 1969 in Joinville ) is a female marathon runner from Brazil , who won the gold medal in the women 's marathon at the 2003 Pan American Games .
Alla Davydova , née Fyodorova ( Russian : Алла Давыдова ; born 21 May 1966 ) is a retired female hammer thrower from Russia .
Yudelka Bonilla ( born September 19 , 1976 in Mao ) is a female volleyball and beach volleyball player from Dominican Republic , who won the bronze medal in the women 's beach team competition at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games in San Salvador , El Salvador , partnering Iris Santos .
Jamie McNeair ( born June 26 , 1969 ) is a retired female heptathlete from the United States , who won the gold medal at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata , Argentina .
Lin Zhongzai ( born 29 August 1981 in Fu'an , Ningde , Fujian ) is a male Chinese sports shooter , who will compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Del Delker is an American contralto sacred music female vocalist who has sung on the Voice of Prophecy radio ministry since 1947 .
Zhu Juefeng ( simplified Chinese : 朱觉凤 ; traditional Chinese : 朱覺鳳 ; pinyin : Zhū Juéfèng ; born May 5 , 1964 ) is a former female Chinese handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Nuria Moreno de Pedrón ( born June 7 , 1975 in Tarragona ) is a retired female field hockey player from Spain .
Kitana has received much positive critical reception , including having been often regarded as one of the most attractive female characters in video gaming .
Emii was also the first female citizen to complete five rounds of TORIS life - or - death combat training .
Edna Owen ( more generally referred to by her married name Mrs Herbert Sumner Owen ) is probably best known for her contributions to the training of female wireless operators in the US during World War One .
Jean M. Bennett ( 1930 - -2008 ) was the first female president of the Optical Society of America in 1986 .
Indre Sorokaite ( born 2 July 1988 ) is an Italian female volleyball player , playing as an opposite .
Lu Ronghua ( Chinese : 吕荣华 ; born 21 February 1983 ) is a Chinese male racewalker who competed mainly in the 20 kilometres race walk .
This order was unofficial until 1677 , when the Kangxi Emperor decreed that all of his male descendants must adhere to a `` generation code '' as their middle character ( see Chinese name ) .
Laura Bullion ( October 1876 -- December 2 , 1961 ) was a female outlaw of the Old West .
Erwin Kohn ( 20 December 1911 in Baden - 18 March 1994 in Mar del Plata ) is a male former table tennis player from Austria .
John Kriza ( 1919 in Berwyn , Illinois -- August 18 , 1975 near Naples , Florida ) was a ballet dancer who was one of American Ballet Theatre 's best - known male principals .
Pietro Aurino ( born November 16 , 1976 in Torre Annunziata , Province of Naples ) is a retired male boxer from Italy .
Hakim Toumi ( Arabic : الحكيم التومي ; born January 30 , 1961 in Algiers , Algiers Province ) is a retired male hammer thrower from Algeria .
Mikaelar Whippy ( born March 31 , 1986 ) is a female basketball player from Fiji who played for the Fiji women 's national basketball team at the FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament for Women 2008 .
Angeliki Karapataki ( born February 19 , 1975 in Athens ) is a female Greek water polo player and Olympic silver medalist with the Greek national team .
Catherine Marsal ( born January 20 , 1971 in Metz , Moselle ) is a retired female racing cyclist from France .
In the late 80s and early 90s , Cedella Marley appeared in a few movies , including The Mighty Quinn ( 1989 ) starring Denzel Washington , and was the female lead in Joey Breaker ( 1993 ) opposite Richard Edson .
Marjorie Morrill Painter Whiting ( March 29 , 1908 -- November 27 , 2009 ) known during her tennis career as Marjorie ' Midge ' Morrill , was an American female tennis player who was ranked # 2 in the United States in 1930 .
Yuan Zhi ( born 29 September 1981 in Shenyang , Liaoning ) is a Chinese male volleyball player .
Kaributas ' male - line descendants included Princes Zbaraski , Wiśniowiecki , Woroniecki , and Nieswicki .
Zhang Ai ( simplified Chinese : 张爱 ; traditional Chinese : 張愛 ; pinyin : Zhāng Ài ; born September 23 , 1981 in Shanghai ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Marianne Steinbrecher , known as Mari ( born August 23 , 1983 ) , is a female volleyball player from Brazil , who plays as a wing spiker ( basically outside hitter , occasionally opposite hitter ) at Molico / Osasco .
Jesús Manuel Santiago or Jess Santiago is a Filipino male poet , songwriter , singer - composer , protest musician and translator .
Jan Knobelauch Hansen ( born July 15 , 1971 ) is a male athlete from Denmark .
Irina Bugrimova ( 1910 - -2001 ) was the first female lion tamer in the Soviet Union .
Volodymyr Kravets ( born May 31 , 1981 in Krasnoarmiisk , Donetsk Oblast ) is a male boxer from Ukraine , who competed for his Eastern European country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Deby LaPlante ( Deborah C. LaPlante , née Lansky , in second marriage Smith ; born April 3 , 1953 ) is a retired female track and field athlete from the United States , who competed in the hurdles event .
Julian Paynter ( born 15 July 1970 in Edinburgh , Scotland ) is a retired male long - distance runner , who represented Australia at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Harutyun Merdinyan ( born 16 August 1984 ) is an Armenian male artistic gymnast and part of the national team .
Shi Guihong ( Chinese : 施桂红 , born February 13 , 1968 ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Khawlah bint Hakim ( Arabic : خولة بنت حكيم‎ ) was one of the female companions of Muhammad .
Stanislav Petkov ( Bulgarian : Станислав Петков ) ( born 31 December 1987 ) is a Bulgarian male volleyball player .
Yan Jiankui ( born 19 March 1976 ) is a retired female sprinter from PR China .
Kisha Snow ( born February 25 , 1969 ) is a female boxer from the United States .
Gianluca Maglia ( born 12 December 1988 ) is a male Italian swimmer .
Trevorvano Mackey ( born January 5 , 1992 ) is a male track and field athlete from Nassau , Bahamas , who mainly competes in the 100 m and 200 m .
Kim Rang ( born October 9 , 1974 ) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Mary Charlene Noble ( October 15 , 1940 -- April 27 , 2006 ) , known from childhood by her nickname Kay Noble , was an American female professional wrestler .
Zhang Xingbo ( born 1981 - 04 - 13 ) is a male Chinese rower .
Taimak later appeared in a number of TV roles and music videos including the lead male in Janet Jackson 's `` Let 's Wait Awhile '' music video , Debbie Allen 's `` Special Look '' video .
Mihaela Lăcătuș is a Romanian female boxer .
Na - Ga is a male Japanese artist who is employed as a graphic designer and illustrator for the company Key known for such famous visual novels as Kanon , Air , and Clannad among others .
Elena Vystropova ( born 3 November 1988 ) is an Azerbaijani female boxer .
Yu Horiuchi ( born December 23 , 1990 ) is a female wrestler from Japan .
Corrie Clark ( born April 11 , 1982 ) is a female breaststroke and medley swimmer from the United States .
Kátia Cilene Teixeira da Silva ( born February 18 , 1977 in Rio de Janeiro ) , known simply as Kátia is a female Brazilian footballer .
Jorina Baars ( born October 17 , 1988 ) is a Dutch female kickboxer and mixed martial artist , based in Den Helder , Netherlands .
Wu Chongkui ( born 1989 - 03 - 29 in Jiangsu ) is a male Chinese rower , who has competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Ghosha ( Sanskrit : घोषा ) was an ancient Vedic period Indian female philosopher and seer .
Nie Yali ( simplified Chinese : 聂亚丽 ; traditional Chinese : 聶亞麗 ; pinyin : Niè Yàlì ; born June 4 , 1973 in Da'an , Zigong , Sichuan ) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Monica Shaw is one of a small group of professional female skaters and regarded as the best female skater in Australia .
Juan José Alarcón García ( born June 12 , 1988 ) is a male professional road cyclist from Venezuela .
Wei Baoheng 's ancestors traced their male - line ancestry through a line of officials of Han Dynasty , Cao Wei , Northern Wei , Northern Zhou , Sui Dynasty , and Tang .
Luis Fernando Camargo Flechas ( born December 17 , 1977 ) is a male road racing cyclist from Colombia .
In an overview of Sulpician criticism , Alison Keith described the logic of Hubbard 's article as `` tortuous '' and also highlights problems in Holzberg and Habinek 's attempts to efface female authorship .
On 14 March 2010 , Alpha TV ranked Glykeria the third top - certified female artist in the nation 's phonographic era ( since 1960 ) .
Toon Gerbrands ( born 31 October 1957 ) is a former Dutch male volleyball coach .
María Belén Simari Birkner ( 18 August 1982 ) is a female skier from Argentina .
Jamea Jackson ( /dʒəˈmiːə/ juh - MEE - ah ; born September 7 , 1986 ) is a female American former Women 's Tennis Association ( WTA ) player and current United States Tennis Association ( USTA ) coach .
Nicole Daedone is the founder and CEO of OneTaste , the author of Slow Sex : the art and craft of the female orgasm , and a TEDx speaker .
Cozi Costi is a female pop , house and electronica singer and songwriter based in London .
Raquel González ( born 16 November 1989 ) is a female racewalker from Spain .
Sergey Borisenko ( Kazakh : Сергей Борисенко ; born May 28 , 1971 ) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Kazakhstan .
Ruth Perry is known for being the first female president of Liberia and of contemporary Africa as a whole .
Maddalena Musumeci ( born March 26 , 1976 in Catania ) is a female water polo defender from Italy , who won the gold medal with the Women 's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Ann Wolfe ( born January 17 , 1971 ) is an American female boxer who held world titles in four different weight classes simultaneously .
Čučuk Stana ( Serbian : Чучук Стана , Serbo - Croatian pronunciation : ( tʃǔtʃuk stǎːna ) , English : Little Stana ) was a Serbian female hajduk and the second wife of Hajduk Veljko .
Jin Peiyu ( Chinese : 金佩钰 ; born April 17 , 1985 in Harbin ) is a Chinese female speed skater .
`` This possibility of sex between Gawain and Bertilak underscores the strength of male homosocial bonds , and the fact that sex never occurs reinforces ideals of the masculine chivalric code .
Gintarė Jautakaitė ( a.k.a . Gintare ) ( born June 4 , 1958 ) is a Lithuanian - born American female singer .
Monette Moore ( May 19 , 1902 in Gainesville , Texas -- October 21 , 1962 in Garden Grove , California ) was an American jazz and classic female blues singer .
Konstantin Mitev ( Bulgarian : Константин Митев , born 27 October 1984 ) is a Bulgarian male volleyball player .
Aleksandr Seleznyov ( Russian : Александр Селезнев ; born 25 January 1964 ) is a retired male hammer thrower from Russia .
Rim Jouini ( born 7 August 1980 ) is a Tunisian female boxer .
On August 12 , 2008 , it was announced that Sisely Treasure was the new female vocalist for the band Shiny Toy Guns , replacing Carah Faye Charnow .
Ellen Church ( September 22 , 1904 -- August 22 , 1965 ) was the first female flight attendant .
Feng Liao ( 馮繚 ) was China 's first official female diplomat , who represented the Han Dynasty to Wusun ( 烏孫 ) , which was in the Western Regions .
Yang Jinghui ( simplified Chinese : 杨景辉 ; traditional Chinese : 楊景輝 ; pinyin : Yáng Jǐnghuī ; Jyutping : Yeung4 Ging2 Fai1 ; born May 15 , 1983 in Guangzhou , Guangdong ) is a male Chinese diver who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Patricia Apolot is a female Ugandan professional martial artist .
Parashurama is worshipped as mūlapuruṣa , or male ancestral founder , of the Dravida , Niyogi , Bhumihar , Chitpavan , Devrukhe , Daivadnya , Mohyal , Tyagi , Anavil and Nambudiri Brahmin communities .
Alex Lundqvist ( born 14 April 1972 ) is a male Swedish model .
Hanne Liland ( born August 7 , 1969 ) is a retired female race walker from Norway .
With Guatemala - born , L.A .- based Gaby Moreno ( October 9 , McRaney 's Tavern ) , it 's the female singer - songwriter form that she has rescued from the abyss of cliché .
Maria Serraino ( born 1931 ) is an Italian female criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta in Calabria .
Kurt Sinette ( born May 9 , 1974 ) is a retired male boxer from Trinidad and Tobago , who won the bronze medal in the men 's light middleweight ( -- 71 kg ) category at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata .
Nicole Bass had an extensive career as a female bodybuilder in the late ' 80s and throughout the ' 90s .
Bediha Tunadağı ( born August 20 , 1985 in Gaziantep , Turkey ) is a Turkish female weightlifter competing in the -- 58 kg division .
Long Yuwen ( born August 19 , 1975 ) is a retired female race walker from PR China .
Ruben Bemelmans ( Dutch pronunciation : ( rybən beːməlmɑns ) , born 14 January 1988 ) is a Belgian male professional tennis player .
Han Yingying ( Chinese : 韩颖颖 ; pinyin : Hán Yǐngyǐng ; born April 20 , 1986 ) is a female Chinese Taekwondo practitioner .
Meisam Mostafa - Jokar ( Persian : میثم مصطفی جوکار‎ , born on January 25 , 1985 in Malayer ) is a male freestyle wrestler from Iran .
Associated with a group of female artists described as the `` white , marmorean flock '' by Henry James , Whitney 's life abroad is well documented by more than 400 letters she sent to her family , now among more than 4,000 letters , photographs , and other documentation in the Anne Whitney Archive at Wellesley College .
Alice Stebbins Wells ( June 13 , 1873 -- August 17 , 1957 ) was the first American - born female police officer in the United States , hired in 1910 in Los Angeles .
Zhang Xinxin ( simplified Chinese : 张辛欣 ; traditional Chinese : 張辛欣 ; pinyin : Zhāng Xīnxīn ) , ( Nanjing , 1953 ) is a female Chinese writer .
Nabil Lasmari ( born February 8 , 1978 ) is a male badminton player from Algeria , with French nationality .
Elisa Klapheck ( born 10 December 1962 ) was the first female rabbi to serve in the Netherlands , although she was born in Germany .
Choi Im - jeong ( born February 14 , 1981 in Busan ) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics , 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Julia Cross is the only person , male or female , ever to achieve six world titles in ITF Taekwon - Do .
Constantly injured from running Britta Martin 2007 switched into cycling and became member of the professional female cycling team Team Stuttgart .
Los Premios de la Radio ( The Radio Awards ) nominated Roberto Tapia as Artist of the year , male artist of the year and the best song with banda `` Mirando al Cielo '' in 2012 .
Arthur Zborzil ( 15 July 1885 -- 15 October 1937 ) was a male tennis player from Austria .
Clara Raven ( 1909 - 1994 ) was one of the first five female physicians to be commissioned during World War II by the U.S. Army ( she entered active duty service in 1943 ) , and became the first female doctor to be a full colonel in the U.S. Army Medical Corps in 1961 .
Liu Xianwei ( simplified Chinese : 刘显伟 ; traditional Chinese : 劉顯偉 ; pinyin : Liú Xiǎnwěi ; born February 22 , 1987 in Qiqihar , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese male short track speed skater .
Ebba Charlotta Elise Hwasser , née Jakobsson , ( 16 March 1831 -- 28 January 1894 ) , was a Swedish actress , the leading lady on the Swedish stage for thirty years , and often described as the greatest female dramatic star in Sweden during the Victorian era .
Igor Bour ( born 18 December 1984 ) is a male weightlifter from Moldova .
Kalliopi Ouzouni ( Greek : Καλλιόπη Ουζούνη , born February 8 , 1973 in Thessaloniki ) is a retired female shot putter from Greece .
After Beyond the Hills ( 2012 ) Cristian Mungiu 's new project will deal with parenting and focus on a male character .
Anna Millward , née Wilson , ( born 26 November 1971 ) is an Australian female cycle racer .
İpek Emiroğlu ( born 1992 ) is a Turkish female association football referee .
Anne Sophie Mathis is a French female boxer who is best known for defeating Holly Holm for a boxing world title .
Xu Jian ( Chinese : 徐健 ; pinyin : Xú Jiàn ; born July 27 , 1970 ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Deniss Čerkovskis ( born 2 November 1978 ) is a male Latvian modern pentathlete who competed in : the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney ( 18th place ) , the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens ( 4th place ) , and the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing ( 11th place ) .
Rona Shapiro became the first female rabbi to head a Conservative synagogue in Cleveland in 2007 , when she became rabbi of Congregation Bethaynu in Pepper Pike .
Fusako Masuda ( Japanese : 増田 房子 ; born January 18 , 1968 ) is a retired female race walker from Japan .
Kwon Ki - ok ( born Pyongyang , Korea , 11 January 1901 -- 19 April 1988 ) was the first Korean female aviator , as well as being the first female pilot in China .
Ryan Reser ( born April 16 , 1980 in Denver , Colorado ) is a male judoka from the United States , who won the gold medal in the men 's lightweight division ( -- 73 kg ) at the 2007 Pan American Games , defeating Brazil 's Leandro Guilheiro in the final .
Alen Lončar ( born January 21 , 1974 in Rijeka ) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Croatia , who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1996 .
Ymir birthed a male and female from the pits of his arms , and his legs together begat a six - headed being .
Nicki Gillis is a female vocalist and entertainer from Australia who was born in Western Australia and grew up a child of entertainer parents from Croatian and Italian backgrounds .
Tammy Cole ( born 13 April 1973 in Queensland ) is a retired female field hockey defender from Australia .
An event for fillies and mares , the race is called the Jenny Wiley Stakes and attracts some of the best female horses in American horse racing .
Mariam Anwar is a female cricketer .
Stephanie Cheng ( born 10 October 1984 ) is a female cantopop singer in Hong Kong introduced by Go East Music ( consolidated with Universal Music in 2003 ) .
In 2014 , Yunho acted as the second male lead in historical drama `` The night watchman 's journal '' which aired on MBC from August to October 2014 .
Suzy Shortland ( born 23 January 1974 ) is a former New Zealand female rugby union representative .
Maria Aurora Salvagno ( born 3 March 1986 ) is an Italian female sprinter .
Nantakan Petchplay ( Thai : นันทกานต์ เพชรพลาย , born 21 March 1977 ) is a retired Thai female volleyball player .
Nkeka Ukuh ( born November 20 , 1987 ) is a female track and field athlete from Nigeria .
Tan Wen - lin ( Chinese : 譚汶琳 ; pinyin : Tán Wènlín ; born on August 26 , 1989 in Hualien , Taiwan ) , or ' Tan ' , is a Taiwanese female football player .
Carla Molema ( born 30 November 1988 in Groningen ) is a Dutch female darts player .
Tara Blaise ( born 1 March 1975 ) is an Irish female pop , folk , and rock singer .
Lottie Mwale ( 14 April 1952 -- 18 October 2005 ) was a Zambian male Light Heavyweight - class boxer who was Commonwealth and African Boxing Union champion for more than six years .
Anja Langer ( born June 3 , 1965 ) is a former professional female bodybuilder of the late 1980s .
During a feature on the show , Joanna Murray - Smith from The Age commented `` With the exception of Rick Alessi , the one major failure of current Neighbours is the absence of young male spunks '' .
Josef Hladký ( born 18 June 1962 in Prague ) is a retired male medley swimmer from the Czech Republic .
Ariel Sganga ( born February 25 , 1974 in Buenos Aires ) is a male judoka from Argentina , who won the bronze medal in the men 's half middleweight division ( -- 81 kg ) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic .
She is included alongside Big Mama Thornton in Tough Mamas ( Krazy Kat , UK , 1989 ) , a collection of female - led blues and R&B songs , and she is paired with soul singer Ruby Johnson in Ruby Johnson Meets Pearl Reaves ( Titanic , 1993 ) .
Madeline de Jesús ( born November 4 , 1957 ) is a retired female track and field athlete from Puerto Rico , who competed in the women 's long jump and triple jump during her career .
Veronika Martinek ( born 3 April 1972 ) is a former professional female tennis player playing for Germany .
Shannon O'Connell is an Australian boxer who has won the Queensland State female featherweight title and World Boxing Federation female featherweight title .
Juan García Postigo ( born January 19 , 1982 ) is a male beauty pageant contestant from Málaga , Spain .
Chola Chanturia ( Georgian : ჭოლა ჭანტურია ; born 23 July 1989 ) is a male diver from Georgia .
Also this year , in a ceremony in memory friend has died , a male friend ( Đàm Vĩnh Hưng 's guitar ) and female singing has rendered Tuoi Hong Tho Ngay .
Lenda Murray ( born February 22 , 1962 ) is an American professional female bodybuilding champion .
Sonia de Ignacio - Simo Casas ( born January 24 , 1971 in Terrassa , Catalonia ) is a former female field hockey player from Spain , who represented her native country twice at the Olympic Games : 1996 and 2000 .
Since 1889 , Mrs. Claus has been generally depicted in media as a fairly heavy - set , kindly , white - haired elderly female baking cookies somewhere in the background of the Santa Claus mythos .
Alon Abisola Arisicate Ajoke Olajuwon , better known as Abi Olajuwon ( born July 6 , 1988 ) is an American female basketball player .
Lívia Mossóczy ( born 1936 ) is a former female table tennis player from Hungary .
Puyi was forced to sign an agreement that if he himself had a male heir , the child would be sent to Japan to be raised by the Japanese .
Mary Marvel was one of the first female spin - offs of a major male superhero , and predates the introduction of Superman 's female cousin Supergirl ( also created by Otto Binder ) by more than a decade .
Mary Carter Reitano ( born 29 November 1934 ) is a female former tennis player from Australia .
The Ontario Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played in 1961 and 1962 at the Whispering Lakes Golf Course in Ontario , California , which opened in 1956 .
The 2011 Men 's European Volleyball League was the eighth edition of the annual European Volleyball League , which featured men 's national volleyball teams from twelve European countries :
The UEFA Futsal Cup is an annual futsal competition for European club teams organized by UEFA .
María Cecilia Rognoni ( born December 1 , 1976 in Buenos Aires ) is a retired Argentine field hockey player , who won the 2002 World Cup in Perth , Australia where she was elected as the best woman hockey player in the world by the FIH .
The Royal Dutch Lawn Tennis Association ( Dutch : Koninklijke Nederlandse Lawn Tennis Bond ) ( KNLTB ) is the national governing body of tennis in the Netherlands .
Hockey Club Lokomotiv ( Russian : ХК Локомотив , English : Locomotive HC ) , also known as Lokomotiv Yaroslavl , is a Russian professional ice hockey team , based in the city of Yaroslavl , playing in the top level Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Slavko Kotnik ( born November 3 , 1962 ) is a retired Yugoslav / Slovenian professional basketball player .
SC Riessersee is a professional ice hockey team based in Garmisch - Partenkirchen , Oberbayern , Germany .
Sven Davidson ( 13 July 1928 -- 28 May 2008 ) was a Swedish tennis player who became the first Swede to win a Grand Slam title when he won the French Championships in 1957 .
The St Kilda Football Club , nicknamed the Saints , is an Australian rules football club based in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
MLB Network is an American television sports channel dedicated to baseball .
The 2008 USA Cycling Professional Tour is the second year of this elite men 's professional road bicycle racing series organized by USA Cycling .
The Houston Astros are an American professional baseball team located in Houston , Texas .
Coulby Gunther ( February 5 , 1923 -- July 14 , 2005 ) was a professional basketball player who spent two seasons in the Basketball Association of America ( BAA ) as a member of the Pittsburgh Ironmen ( 1946 - -47 ) and the St. Louis Bombers ( 1948 - -49 ) .
Castres Olympique ( French pronunciation : ​(kastʁ olimpik ) ) is a French rugby union club located in the Midi - Pyrénées city of Castres and currently competing in the top level of the French league system .
The 2007 Legends Tour was a series of professional golf tour for women aged 45 and older sanctioned by the Legends Tour .
Arthur Wharton ( 28 October 1865 -- 13 December 1930 ) is widely considered to be the first black professional association football player in the world .
Preben Fjære Brynemo ( born 14 August 1977 ) is a Norwegian Nordic combined skier , born in Porsgrunn .
The 1913 FA Charity Shield was the sixth staging of the FA Charity Shield , an annual association football match arranged to raise funds for charitable causes supported by the Football Association ( the FA ) , the governing body of football in England .
Charoen Wattanasin ( Thai : เจริญ วรรธนะสิน ) ( born 1937 ) is a former badminton player from Thailand who won international championships in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
The 1994 EA - Generali Ladies Linz was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Intersport Arena in Linz in Austria that was part of Tier III of the 1994 WTA Tour .
Venard Richard Hendrix ( Macedonian : Венард Ричард Хендрикс ; born November 15 , 1986 ) is an American - Macedonian professional basketball player who plays for Unicaja of the Liga ACB .
The 1986 PBA Open Conference Finals was the best - of-7 series basketball championship of the 1986 PBA Open Conference , and the conclusion of the conference playoffs .
The Lithuania Hockey League is the premier men 's ice hockey league in Lithuania .
Cavigal Nice Basket is a French professional basketball team located in the city of Nice , .
Sharon Deacon ( née Amiet ) ( born 30 November 1957 ) is a former Australian women 's basketball player .
Augusta National Golf Club , located in Augusta , Georgia , is one of the most famous golf clubs in the world .
The National Competition ( previously called the National Zonal Competition ) is the top level rugby league competition run by the New Zealand Rugby League .
Rebecca Murray ( born 1990 ) is an American Paralympic four - time gold medalist and wheelchair basketball player from Richfield , Wisconsin .
HC Red Ice Martigny - Verbier - Entremont is a Swiss ice hockey club , founded in 2008 and issued from the fusion of HC Martigny and HC Verbier Val - de - Bagnes .
Cian Healy ( born 7 October 1987 ) is an Irish rugby union rugby player .
USA Swimming is the national governing body for competitive swimming in the United States .
The Tour of Çanakkale ( Turkish : Çanakkale Bisiklet Turu ) is a professional road bicycle racing stage race held annually in and around the Çanakkale Province in Turkey .
Glenn Feidanga is a Central African college basketball player who currently plays for the Long Island Brooklyn Blackbirds .
Andrew Pattison ( born 30 January 1949 ) is a former South African - born Rhodesian and later Zimbabwean right - handed tennis player .
Jerry Zrymiak ( born October 19 , 1948 in Regina , Saskatchewan ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 155 games in the World Hockey Association for the Michigan Stags , Los Angeles Sharks , Toronto Toros , and Minnesota Fighting Saints .
The Russian Superleague ( Russian : Чемпионат России Суперлига , Russian Championship Superleague ) , commonly abbreviated as RSL , was the highest division of the main professional ice hockey league in Russia .
Mario Butler ( born January 15 , 1957 in Panama City , Panama ) is a former basketball player .
Mack Crowder ( born December 23 , 1992 ) is an American football Center .
Norwood Football Club , nicknamed , Redlegs , is an Australian rules football club competing in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) in the state of South Australia .
The La Perouse United are an Australian rugby league football team based in La Perouse , New South Wales a suburb of south - central Sydney they play in the South Sydney District Junior Rugby Football League .
Johannes Liechtenauer ( also Lichtnauer , Hans Lichtenawer ) was a 14th - century German fencing master .
Piacenza Calcio 1919 is an Italian association football club based in Piacenza , Emilia--
Coventry United F.C. is an English association football club based in Coventry in the West Midlands .
The Kelowna Wings were a junior ice hockey team based in Kelowna , British Columbia that played in the Western Hockey League from 1982 - -85 .
Åge Hadler ( born 14 August 1944 ) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor , winner of the 1966 and 1972 individual World Orienteering Championships , relay champion from 1970 , and individual bronze medalist from 1968 .
Alain Wicki is a Swiss skeleton racer who competed from the 1980s to the early first decade of the 21st century .
Ladislav Ščurko ( born April 4 , 1986 in Gelnica ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey center who currently plays for HC 46 Bardejov of the Slovak 1.Liga .
The Samoa national rugby union team , referred to as the Samoa Sevens or Manu Samoa 7s , represents Samoa internationally in rugby sevens .
The Arizona League is a minor league baseball league that operates in and around Phoenix , Arizona .
The 1990 Torneo Godó was the 38th edition of the Torneo Godó annual men 's tennis tournament played on clay courts in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain and part of the Championship Series of the 1990 ATP Tour .
The 1994 Salem Open - Beijing was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Beijing in the People 's Republic of China the men 's event was part of the World Series of the 1994 ATP Tour , the women 's event was part of the Tier IV of the 1994 WTA Tour .
Roy Campanella ( November 19 , 1921 -- June 26 , 1993 ) , nicknamed `` Campy '' , was an American baseball player , primarily as a catcher .
Federico Israel , Jr. ( born September 2 , 1956 ) , better known as Padim Israel , is a former Filipino basketball player .
Moheschunder Bannerjee ( Bengali : মহেশচন্দ্র বন্দ্যোপাধ্যায় , fl . 1850 ) or Mahesh Chandra Banerjee was a strong chess player from Bengal , many hundred of whose games survive through the writings of John Cochrane , who regularly played Bannerjee between 1848 and 1860 , during Cochrane 's tenure at the Calcutta bar .
J. Timothy Gannon , a.k.a . Tim Gannon , is an American businessman and polo player .
Craig Fitzgibbon ( born 16 June 1977 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s , 2000s and 2010s .
FC Wacker München is a German association football club of about 200 members based in the Sendling borough of Munich , Bavaria .
Jaroslav Levinský ( born 11 February 1981 ) is a professional doubles tennis player from the Czech Republic .
Western Sydney Wanderers FC Youth is an Australian semi - professional association football team based in the western region of Sydney , New South Wales .
Rhys Priestland ( born 9 January 1987 ) is a Welsh international rugby union player .
The 2000 Cairns Cyclones season was the fifth and final season that the Cairns Cyclones rugby league team competed in the Queensland Cup .
Martin Mrva ( born 12 December 1971 , Prešov ) is a Slovakian chess grandmaster .
Christophe Laussucq ( born May 20 , 1973 in Bordeaux ) is a retired rugby union player and current coach for CA Brive in the Top 14 .
Steve Moria ( born February 3 , 1961 ) is a British - Canadian ( dual nationality ) professional ice hockey player .
Joe Loprieno ( born October 8 , 1986 ) is an American former professional ice hockey player who played in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) and ECHL .
Briggs Sports F.C. was an English amateur association football team .
Debbie Graham or Debbie Graham Shaffer ( born August 25 , 1970 ) is a retired women 's tennis player from the United States .
Tamsyn Leevey ( born 24 January 1978 , in Taumarunui , New Zealand ) is a professional squash player from New Zealand .
The 1975 Five Nations Championship was the forty - sixth series of the rugby union Five Nations Championship .
Leonard Hamilton ( born August 4 , 1948 ) is an American basketball coach and the current men 's basketball head coach at Florida State University .
Supporters ' groups or supporters ' clubs are independent fan clubs or campaign groups in football , mostly association football .
Ryan Blackadder ( born 11 October 1983 ) is a Scottish association football player who currently plays for Glenrothes FC .
Vuelta Ciclista Por Un Chile Lider was an elite men 's professional road bicycle racing stage race held annually in Chile .
Elliott Liu ( born November 25 , 1989 in Boston , Massachusetts , United States ) is an American chess player from San Diego , California .
Charles Elliot Allen ( October 14 , 1880 -- January 15 , 1966 ) was an Irish rugby union forward .
The 2007 Pavel Roman Memorial was the Pavel Roman Memorial competition for the 2007 - -2008 figure skating season .
The 2009 Baseball World Cup was an international baseball tournament that started on 9 September 2009 .
The 2006 NBA Europe Live Tour was an international basketball exhibition and competition produced jointly by the National Basketball Association and the Euroleague , as part of the NBA Global Games .
Derek Campbell ( born April 14 , 1980 in Nepean , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player , currently a free agent .
The 2007 Croatia Open Umag was the 18th edition of the Croatia Open Umag tennis tournament .
The 2010 FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women was an international basketball competition , held in Toulouse and Rodez , France from July 16 - -25 , 2010 .
The European Mixed Curling Championship was a mixed curling tournament held annually in the autumn for European nations .
María Josefina Sruoga ( 23 August 1990 ) is an Argentine field hockey player .
The Grinnell System , sometimes referred to as The System , is a fast - tempo style of basketball developed by coach Dave Arseneault at Grinnell College in Grinnell , Iowa , USA .
Ognjen Kuzmić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Огњен Кузмић , IPA : ( ǒɡɲen kûzmit͡ɕ ) ; born May 16 , 1990 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Panathinaikos of the Greek Basket League .
Bernard Hopkins vs. Chad Dawson was a boxing match contested for both the WBC and The Ring light heavyweight championships .
Lindsay Hairston ( born December 8 , 1951 in Detroit , Michigan ) is a retired professional basketball player who spent one season in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the Detroit Pistons during the 1975 - -76 season .
The 2007 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B was the third edition of the Division B of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship , the second tier level of European basketball .
The CVS Health Charity Classic is a professional golf tournament .
Peter Draisaitl ( born December 7 , 1965 ) is a Czech - born German former professional ice hockey centre and Olympian .
Eddie Donovan ( June 2 , 1922 , Elizabeth , New Jersey -- January 20 , 2001 ) was a professional basketball coach and executive .
Dayán Viciedo Pérez ( born March 10 , 1989 ) is a Cuban professional baseball outfielder for the Chunichi Dragons of the Nippon Professional Baseball League ( NPB ) .
The 2003 Shanghai Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Shanghai in the People 's Republic of China and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour .
The 2011 Rugby World Cup was the seventh Rugby World Cup , a quadrennial international rugby union competition inaugurated in 1987 .
The 1957 Bandy World Championship was contested between three men 's bandy playing nations and was the first ever Bandy World Championship .
The Lethbridge Broncos were a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League from 1974 until 1986 .
Anton Burdasov ( born May 9 , 1991 in Chelyabinsk ) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward .
The CONCACAF Giants Cup was an international association football club competition held in 2001 to replace CONCACAF Cup Winners Cup .
Clarisse Machanguana ( born 4 October 1976 ) is a professional women 's basketball player from Mozambique .
The Kozły Poznań ( English : Goats Poznań ) are an American football team based in Poznań , Poland , which currently competes in the Topliga , the top division of Polish American Football League .
The NWA World Middleweight Championship was a professional wrestling championship in the National Wrestling Alliance ( NWA ) between 1939 and 2010 .
Ellen Kiessling ( born 17 February 1968 ) is a German former track and field athlete who was a middle - distance specialist .
Chevakata Vologda ( Russian : Вологда-Чеваката ) is a Russian women 's basketball club from Vologda playing in the Russian Premier League .
Rory Kockott ( born 25 June 1986 in East London , South Africa ) is a South African - born French international rugby union player , who attended Selborne College .
Simone Greiner - Petter - Memm ( born September 15 , 1967 in Jena , as Simone Greiner - Petter ) is a German cross country skier and biathlete who competed from 1987 to 1997 in cross country skiing and from 1992 to 2000 in biathlon .
The 2012 Asian Beach Volleyball Championship was a beach volleyball event , that was held from November 7 to 10 , 2013 in Wuhan , China .
The 2013 San Marino CEPU Open was a professional tennis tournament plays on clay courts .
Bijapur Bulls is franchise cricket team representing Gulbarga zone , Karnataka in the Karnataka Premier League ( KPL ) .
Adolfo Cambiaso ( born April 15 , 1975 in Cañuelas , Buenos Aires Province ) is an Argentine polo player with a 10-goal handicap .
Lorne Smith ( 1928 - -2002 ) was an ice hockey player and later a coach who played defence .
Angela Marino ( born 3 February 1986 ) is a New Zealand professional women 's basketball player currently playing for the Adelaide Lightning in the Women 's National Basketball League .
Hong - Chih Kuo ( Chinese : 郭泓志 ; pinyin : Guō Hóngzhì ; Wade -- Giles : Kuo1 Hung2 Chih4 ; born July 23 , 1981 in Tainan , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese professional baseball pitcher .
Philippe Cavoret ( born January 11 , 1968 in Aix - les - Bains , Savoie ) is a French skeleton racer who competed from 1992 to 2006 .
Oliver Golding ( born 29 September 1993 ) is an English tennis player and former child actor .
The South Queensland Crushers were an Australian rugby league football club based in Brisbane , Queensland .
Grażyna Szmacińska ( born 29 January 1953 ) is a Polish chess player who six times won the Polish Women 's Chess Championship .
Craig Callahan ( born May 26 , 1981 ) is an American - born naturalized Italian professional basketball player who currently plays for Pallacanestro Varese of the Lega Basket Serie A.
The 2013 Philippine Collegiate Championship was the sixth edition of the Philippine Collegiate Champions League ( PCCL ) , the postseason tournament to determine the national collegiate champions in basketball organized by the Samahang Basketbol ng Pilipinas ( SBP ) , the national basketball federation .
The TCL Classic was a men 's professional golf tournament which was played on a course designed by American Robert Trent Jones , Jr. at Yalong Bay Golf Club in Sanya on Hainan Island , People 's Republic of China four times between 2002 and 2007 .
The 2004 Dutch Figure Skating Championships were the Dutch Figure Skating Championships of the 2004 - 2005 figure skating season .
The Apertura 2014 Copa MX Final was the final of the Apertura 2014 Copa MX , the fifth edition of the Copa MX under its current format and 72nd overall organized by the Mexican Football Federation , the governing body of association football in Mexico .
The 1989 Grand Prix de Tennis de Toulouse was a men 's tennis tournament played on Indoor Carpet in Toulouse , France that was part of the Regular Series of the 1989 Grand Prix tennis circuit .
Hillclimbing ( also known as hill climbing , speed hillclimbing or speed hill climbing ) is a branch of motorsport in which drivers compete against the clock to complete an uphill course .
Hans Moldenhauer ( born 10 April 1901 - 29 December 1929 ) was Germany 's first major international tennis player , competing in Wimbledon , the Davis Cup and the French Open , and repeatedly winning the German national Championships both as a single player and in mixed doubles .
The Guarujá Open was a men 's tennis tournament held in Guarujá , Brazil .
Souths Rugby Club , or Souths is an Australian rugby union club based in Brisbane that currently plays in the Queensland Premier Rugby club competition .
Ronald Petrovický ( born February 15 , 1977 in Žilina , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak ice hockey right wing formerly playing for Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) team Dinamo Riga .
The British and Irish Cup is an annual rugby union competition for second tier , semi - professional clubs and the reserves or developing teams from professional clubs from Britain and Ireland .
The 2007 Danish Figure Skating Championships ( Danish : Danmarks Mesterskaberne 2007 ) were the Danish Figure Skating Championships of the 2006 - 2007 figure skating season .
Panagiotis Gionis ( born January 7 , 1980 ) is a Greek table tennis player and a dentist .
Barbara Potter ( born October 22 , 1961 ) is a former tennis player from the United States , who competed professionally on the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour , winning six singles titles and nineteen doubles titles .
Woodville Football Club was an Australian rules football club that competed in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) from 1964 to 1990 , when it merged with the West Torrens Football Club to form the Woodville - West Torrens Eagles .
Havant Hockey Club is a field hockey club based in Havant , Hampshire , England .
Julien Ingrassia made his debut in rallying in 2002 at the Critérium des Cévennes .
Carlos Ignacio Fernández Lobbe ( born 20 November 1974 in Buenos Aires ) is a retired Argentine rugby union footballer .
Dražen Petrović ( pronounced ( drǎʒɛn pɛ̌trɔʋit͡ɕ ) ; October 22 , 1964 -- June 7 , 1993 ) was a Croatian professional basketball player .
Marko Tuulola ( born February 7 , 1971 in Hämeenlinna , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman .
The 1924 Australasian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor Grass courts at the Warehouseman 's Cricket Ground in Melbourne , Australia from 19 January to 26 January .
Alex Kemp was a Scottish association football Full back who played professionally in Canada and the United States .
Robert Lindstedt ( born 19 March 1977 ) is a Swedish professional tennis player , who turned pro in 1998 , and is a doubles specialist .
Association Sportive Nancy - Lorraine ( French pronunciation : ​(a.sɔ.sja.sjɔ̃ spɔrtɪv nɑ̃si - lɔʁɛn ) , commonly known as AS Nancy - Lorraine , AS Nancy , ASNL , or simply Nancy ) is a French association football club based in Nancy , Lorraine .
Zaiga Jansone - Ivanova ( born January 24 , 1951 , Riga , Latvian SSR ) is a former Soviet Latvian tennis player and tennis coach .
Vitali Samoilov ( Latvian : Vitālijs Samoilovs ) ( born 17 April 1962 in Riga , Soviet Union ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League .
Josef Horešovský ( born July 18 , 1946 in Žilina u Kladna , Czechoslovakia ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga .
Danzandorjiin Miroslava born Miroslava Dagbaeva ( born 14 August 1987 ) is a Buryat Mongol athlete from Mongolia who competes in archery ( since 2013 ) .
Anthony Corbett ( born 8 June 1962 ) is a retired Jamaican association football defender .
Nélson Baptista Júnior , usually known as Nelsinho Baptista ( born July 22 , 1950 ) , is a former association football right back and is currently a manager .
The 1975 PBA Second Conference Finals ( officially named as the 1975 PBA Open Conference Finals ) was the best - of-5 basketball championship series of the 1975 PBA Second Conference , and the conclusion of the conference 's playoffs .
The Dutch Basketball League ( DBL ) , formerly the Eredivisie , is the highest professional basketball league in the Netherlands .
Jakub Vrána ( born February 28 , 1996 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey Centre .
Nick Stiles ( born 17 October 1973 ) is an Australian professional rugby union coach and a former player for Queensland and Australia as a loosehead prop .
The Portland Buckaroos was the name of several professional ice hockey teams based in Portland , Oregon .
José Velázquez ( full name was José Guadalupe Velázquez Alarcón ) ( August 12 , 1923 - -1959 ) was a Mexican association football player who competed primarily in the México Primera División .
Barsbütteler SV is a German association football club from the city of Barsbüttel , Schleswig - Holstein
The Cleveland Fusion is a women 's professional American football team based in Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
Jayna Hefford ( born May 14 , 1977 ) is a women 's ice hockey player .
The 2011 European Junior Baseball Championship was an under-18 international baseball competition held in Gijón , Spain from July 4 to July 10 , 2011 .
Amir Hosseini ( Persian : امیر حسینی‎‎ , born 23 July 1975 in Mashhad ) is a retired Iranian volleyball player who played as a setter for the Iranian national team .
Mirna Jukić ( born 9 April 1986 ) is a retired Austrian swimmer of Croatian origin who won a bronze medal in both short course and long course at the world championships in swimming .
Mack Tuck ( born February 21 , 1975 ) is a retired American basketball player and current coach born in Mineola , Texas .
Sándor Takács ( 10 February 1893 -- 22 April 1932 ) was a Hungarian chess master , born Károly Sydlauer in Miskolc , Hungary .
The 1995 Tokyo Indoor also known as `` Seiko Super Tennis '' was a tennis tournament played on Indoor Carpet Courts in Tokyo in Japan that was part of the IBM 1995 ATP Tour and was an ATP Championship Series event , today known as the ATP World Tour 500 series .
The 2008 NBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game played on February 17 , 2008 at the New Orleans Arena in New Orleans , Louisiana , home of the New Orleans Hornets .
Garrett Stafford ( born January 28 , 1980 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman , currently an unrestricted free agent .
Metal Ligaen is the premier league in Danish ice hockey .
The NSL Second Division ( also referred to as the OK League for sponsorship reasons ) , was a South African association football league .
The South African rebel tours were a series of seven cricket tours staged between 1982 and 1990 .
Iivo Nei ( born 31 October 1931 in Tartu ) is an Estonian chess master .
The Gosford Kariong Storm ( formally known as Gosford Giants , Gosford Townies , Kariong Kookaburras ) is a rugby league club based on the Central Coast , New South Wales region of Australia .
Slobodan Kovač ( born September 13 , 1967 in Veliko Gradište ) is a Serbian former volleyball player and current coach .
The 2000 Kremlin Cup was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Olympic Stadium in Moscow in Russia that was part of the International Series of the 2000 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2000 WTA Tour .
Robbie Weingard ( born May 15 , 1963 ) is an American former basketball player known for his college career at Hofstra University .
Doğuş Balbay ( Turkish pronunciation : ( doˈɰuʃ balˈbaj ) , born 21 January 1989 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays for Anadolu Efes Istanbul of the Turkish Basketball League ( TBL ) .
The 1977 Claxton Shield was the 38th annual Claxton Shield , an Australian national baseball tournament .
The NWA Shockwave Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team championship in NWA Shockwave ( NWA - SW ) and the National Wrestling Alliance ( NWA ) .
Darko Planinić ( born November 22 , 1990 ) is a Croatian professional basketball player who currently plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia of the Liga ACB and the Euroleague .
The Premier League Player of the Season is an annual association football award presented to players in England , which recognises the most outstanding player in the Premier League each season .
David Dadunashvili ( geo : დავით დადუნაშვილი ; born Kutaisi , 27 January 1982 ) is a Georgian rugby union player .
The NWL / HoPWF Hardcore Championship is the secondary professional wrestling title in the National Wrestling League promotion .
Renzo Gobbo ( born January 13 , 1961 in Castelfranco Veneto ) is the Italian association football former manager of Sambonifacese and former player .
The 2010 Canada Masters ( also known as the 2010 Rogers Cup presented by National Bank and the 2010 Rogers Cup for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Canada .
Cody Balogh ( born February 14 , 1986 in Fort Benning , Georgia ) is a former American football offensive lineman .
The Memphis Invitational was a men 's professional golf event played in 1945 and 1946 .
Arnaud Costes ( born 16 June 1973 in Tulle , France ) is a French former international rugby union footballer who also played for France national team .
Vladimir Zubkov ( born January 14 , 1958 in Moscow , Russia ) is a retired ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League for HC Spartak Moscow and HC CSKA Moscow .
Meredith McGrath ( born April 28 , 1971 ) is a former professional tennis player .
The 2014 Pan American Men 's Handball Championship , was the 16th official competition for senior men 's national handball teams of North , Center , Caribbean and South America .
The Coquitlam Express are a Junior `` A '' ice hockey team based in Coquitlam , British Columbia , Canada .
Denise Curry ( born August 22 , 1959 ) is an American former basketball player and college and professional basketball coach .
Metin Şahin ( born January 10 , 1963 in Konya , Turkey ) is a European champion Turkish former taekwondo practitioner , who serves as the president of the Turkey Taekwondo Federation since 2003 .
The 1996 America 's Red Clay Court Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Sportsplex in Coral Springs , Florida in the United States and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour .
The 2002 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour .
FFS Arena is a hall for handball matches and public events in Lund , Sweden .
The Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame is part of the Vapriikki Museum Centre in Tampere , Finland and was created in 1979 to honor those individuals who have contributed to Finnish ice hockey .
Shelby Cannon ( born August 19 , 1966 , in Hattiesburg , Mississippi ) is an American retired professional tennis player .
Wyant Group Raceway ( formerly Auto Clearing Motor Speedway ) is a paved oval auto racing facility located in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The All Japan Ice hockey Championship ( 全日本アイスホッケー選手権大会 ) is an annual ice hockey tournament for Japanese teams , that began in 1930 , making the tournament one of the oldest sporting competitions in the country .
Adarrial Smylie is an American former basketball player known for his collegiate career at Southern University between 1997 - -98 and 1999 - -2000 .
Peter Doohan ( born 2 May 1961 ) is a former tennis player from Australia , who won one singles title ( 1984 , Adelaide ) and five doubles titles during his career .
Winston Frederick Churchill Guest ( May 20 , 1906 -- October 25 , 1982 ) , was an Anglo - American polo champion and a member of the Guest family of Britain .
Dmytro Pashytskyy ( born 29 November 1987 ) is a Ukrainian volleyball player , a member of Polish club Asseco Resovia Rzeszów , Estonian Champion ( 2010 ) .
Maria Ulrika Kalte , born 19 May 1970 in Skärholmen , Sweden is a Swedish former association football player .
Andrew Fields is a collegiate basketball coach and a retired American professional basketball player .
Silvija Erdelji ( Serbian Cyrillic : Силвија Ердељи , born May 28 , 1979 in Senta ) is a Serbian table tennis player .
EHC Chur Capricorns ( former EHC Chur Sport AG ) is a Swiss ice hockey team based in Chur , Switzerland which played until 2008 in National League B.
Ricardo Primitivo González ( born May 12 , 1925 ) is an Argentine former basketball player of Club Atlético Palermo , one of the oldest clubs in Palermo , who captained the Argentine national team that won the 1950 FIBA World Championship .
Janet Hopps Adkisson ( born 1934 ) was an American tennis player .
Ojārs Siliņš ( born 20 July 1993 ) is a Latvian professional basketball player who plays for Grissin Bon Reggio Emilia in the Italian Serie A. He plays at both forward positions .
Zdeněk Jarkovský ( 3 October 1918 in Nový Bydžov , Austria - Hungary -- 8 November 1948 in La Manche ) was an ice hockey player for the Czechoslovak national team .
Sargis Sargsian ( Armenian : Սարգիս Սարգսյան , born 3 June 1973 ) is a former professional tennis player from Armenia .
The 1996 Acura Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Manhattan Country Club in Manhattan Beach , California in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1996 WTA Tour .
John Weisbrod ( born November 8 , 1968 ) is a retired American professional ice hockey center and current assistant general manager for the Vancouver Canucks .
The Turning Stone Resort Championship was a PGA Tour professional golf tournament .
Jason Cain ( born March 31 , 1985 ) is a professional basketball player who currently plays for Petro Atlético de Luanda in Angola 's BIC Basket league .
The 1996 UEFA Futsal Championship was the 1st official edition of the UEFA - governed European Championship for national futsal teams .
Yogev Ohayon ( Hebrew : יוגב אוחיון‎ ; born April 24 , 1987 ) is an Israeli professional basketball player who currently plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv of the Israeli Super League .
Sutor Basket Montegranaro , is an amateur Italian basketball club based in Montegranaro , Marche .
The 2008 Women 's Six Nations Championship , also known as the 2008 RBS Women 's 6 Nations due to the tournament 's sponsorship by the Royal Bank of Scotland , was the seventh series of the rugby union Women 's Six Nations Championship .
Kasagake or Kasakake ( 笠懸 , かさがけ lit . `` hat shooting '' ) is a type of Japanese mounted archery .
The St Kilda Football Club , nicknamed The Saints , is an Australian rules football club , based in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Paris - Levallois Basket is a French professional basketball club from the Paris area .
The New Haven Nighthawks were a former ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey League from 1972 to 1992 .
Joe Ansbro ( Born Glasgow , 29 October 1985 ) is a former Scottish international professional rugby union player .
Futura Volley Busto Arsizio is a women 's volleyball club based in Busto Arsizio , in the province of Varese , Italy .
Eric Elwood is a former Irish rugby union player from Galway .
2010 Bamberg Super Cup was a mini - tournament held between 4 European national basketball teams in preparation for the 2010 FIBA World Championship .
Chris Czekaj ( born 14 December 1985 ) is a Wales International rugby union player , who plays Fullback or on the Wing for Cardiff Blues .
The Baseball Federation of Asia is the governing body of the sport of baseball in Asia .
L'Hospitalet Pioners ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ɫuspitəˈɫɛt piuˈnes ) , `` L'Hospitalet Pioneers '' ) is an American football team based in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat , Catalonia ( Spain ) .
Bill Westwater was an early twentieth - century Scottish - Canadian association football wing forward who played in Scotland , Canada and the United States .
The Portage Terriers are a Canadian junior `` A '' ice hockey team from Portage la Prairie , Manitoba , Canada .
Osmani Urrutia Ramírez ( also spelled Osmany ) ( born June 29 , 1976 in Jobabo , Las Tunas Province , Cuba ) is a Cuban baseball player .
The Windsor Wild were an ice hockey team based in Windsor , Quebec that played in the Ligue Nord - Américaine de Hockey ( LNAH ) .
Kevin Heijstek ( born April 19 , 1988 ) is a Dutch professional baseball pitcher , for Amsterdam Pirates in the Dutch Baseball League .
The 2004 Pavel Roman Memorial was the Pavel Roman Memorial competition for the 2004 - -2005 figure skating season .
Tony Duggan , ( born 29 August 1978 in Australia ) is a professional rugby league player for the FC.Lezignan in the Elite One Championship .
Joe Frazier vs. George Foreman , billed as `` The Sunshine Showdown '' , was a professional boxing match in Jamaica contested on January 22 , 1973 for the WBA , WBC and The Ring heavyweight championships .
Nathan Crosswell ( born 3 August 1979 ) is a retired Australian professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball League from 1999 - -2013 .
Pallacanestro Treviso , named Benetton Basket due to a long running sponsorship by the Benetton Group and widely referred to as Benetton Treviso , is an Italian youth basketball club based in Treviso , Veneto .
The Waverley Falcons are a basketball club from Melbourne , Victoria competing in the semi - professional Big V.
Montpellier Hérault Sport Club ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃pəlje eʁo spɔʁ klœb ) ; commonly referred to as Montpellier HSC or simply Montpellier ) is a French association football club based in the city of Montpellier .
Beatrix Kisházi ( born October 13 , 1946 , Budapest ) is a retired Hungarian table tennis player .
The 2014 CONCACAF Girls ' U-15 Championship is an association football tournament that took place in the Cayman Islands during August 2014 .
Derrick Gervin ( born March 28 , 1963 ) is a retired American professional basketball player born in Detroit , Michigan .
Thomas Castaignède ( born 21 January 1975 ) is a former French rugby union footballer from Mont - de - Marsan , Gascony .
Nana Fujimoto ( born March 3 , 1989 in Sapporo , Hokkaido , Japan ) is a Japanese ice hockey player for the New York Riveters and the Japanese national team .
Constant Ferdinand Burille ( born 30 August 1866 -- died October 1914 , Boston ) was an American chess master .
The Lorraine Open is a defunct tennis tournament that was played as part of the Grand Prix tennis circuit from 1979 - -1989 .
Lasse Heikkilä ( born May 27 , 1934 in Pori , Finland ) is a retired professional ice hockey player and coach who played in the SM - liiga .
Camilla Carstens ( born 6 February 1977 ) is a Norwegian team handball player .
The 2015 FFA Cup was the second season of the FFA Cup , the main national association football knockout cup competition in Australia .
The 2003 Idea Prokom Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Sopot , Poland , that was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2003 WTA Tour .
Richard Pool - Jones ( born 22 October 1969 ) is an English former rugby union player and current coach .
Georgios Kalaitzis ( alternate spelling : Giorgos ) ( Greek : Γιώργος Καλαϊτζής ) ; born August 29 , 1976 in Thessaloniki , Greece ) is a retired Greek professional basketball player and basketball coach .
Ernest Cameron Schilling ( born October 7 , 1988 ) , is an American professional ice hockey defenseman .
TED Ankara Kolejliler Spor Kulübü , more commonly known as TED Ankara Kolejliler is a professional basketball team from the city of Ankara in Turkey .
Ka Mate is the most widely known haka in New Zealand and elsewhere because it has traditionally been performed by the All Blacks , New Zealand 's international rugby union team , as well as the Kiwis , New Zealand 's international rugby league team , immediately prior to test ( international ) matches .
Jean Condom ( born August 15 , 1960 in Saint - André - de - Seignanx ) is a retired French international rugby union player .
Brian Goorjian ( born 28 July 1953 ) is an American basketball coach .
Maciej Zajder ( born January 31 , 1988 in Łask , Poland ) is a Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland men 's national volleyball team and Polish club Indykpol AZS Olsztyn .
Team Katusha ( Russian : Катюша , UCI team code : KAT ) is a Russian road bicycle racing team which competes using Canyon bikes .
Adam Quick ( bon 1 September 1981 ) is an Australian professional basketball player , formally of the Australian National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
Ben Mowen ( born 1 December 1984 ) is an Australian professional rugby union player .
Muhamed Toromanović ( born 9 April 1984 ) is a Bosnian handball player who currently plays for Creteil and the Bosnian national handball team .
The 2005 UEFA Super Cup was an association football match between Liverpool of England and CSKA Moscow of Russia on 26 August 2005 at Stade Louis II , Monaco , the annual UEFA Super Cup contested between the winners of the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup .
Jonas Liwing ( born January 29 , 1983 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Hamburg Freezers in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Rogier Wassen ( born 9 August 1976 ) is a Dutch tennis player who competed regularly on the ATP Tour as a doubles player from 1994 to 2011 .
Alicia Molik ( born 27 January 1981 ) is an Australian former professional tennis player .
The HSBC Brazil Cup was an international golf exhibition tournament , sanctioned by the LPGA Tour and first played in 2009 .
The 2012 Asian Tour was the 18th season of the modern Asian Tour , the main men 's professional golf tour in Asia excluding Japan , since it was established in 1995 .
The 1990 OTB International Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the World Series of the 1990 ATP Tour .
The 2014 Arab Cup U-17 was the third edition of the Arab Cup U-17 , an association football tournament between Arabic countries .
The 2015 Sunshine Tour was the 16th season of professional golf tournaments since the southern Africa based Sunshine Tour was relaunched in 2000 , and the 9th since the tour switched a calendar based season in 2007 .
Leonidas Kaselakis ( Greek : Λεωνίδας Κασελάκης ; born June 1 , 1990 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
Leonardas Abramavičius ( Leonhard Abramavicius ) ( - died Kaunas 1960 ) was a Lithuanian chess player .
The 2011 LPGA Tour was a series of weekly golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world that began in Thailand on February 17 , 2011 and had its last official event end on November 20 , 2011 in Florida .
Jesús Alonso Fernández , better known as Chus Alonso ( born April 24 , 1917 in Havana , Cuba - died August 9 , 1979 in Madrid , Spain ) was a Cuban - born , naturalized Spanish association football player .
The Liberty Outdoor Classic was the first regular - season professional basketball game played outdoors .
Club Curupaytí is an Argentine rugby union club .
Miles Zaharko ( born April 30 , 1957 in Mannville , Alberta ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player whose career extended from 1977 to 1984 .
T. J. Frier ( born August 17 , 1977 ) is a former American football defensive tackle who played one season with the Los Angeles Avengers of the Arena Football League .
The 2010 Tuvalu A - Division was the tenth season of association football competition .
Daniel Babka ( born March 30 , 1972 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga .
The Amsterdam Marathon ( branded TCS Amsterdam Marathon for sponsorship reasons ) is an annual marathon ( 42.195 km ) in Amsterdam in the Netherlands since 1975 .
Denagamage Praboth Mahela de Silva Jayawardene ( Sinhalese : මහේල ජයවර්ධන ; born 27 May 1977 ) , known as Mahela Jayawardene , is a former Sri Lankan cricketer and captain of the Sri Lankan cricket team .
The Deutsche Bank Players Championship of Europe was an annual 72-hole stroke play professional golf tournament for men .
The São Tomé and Príncipe national football team is the national association football team of São Tomé and Príncipe and is controlled by the Federação Santomense de Futebol .
The Fort Worth Cats were a professional baseball team based in Fort Worth , Texas , in the United States .
The 1998 Men 's Hockey Champions Trophy was the 20th edition of the Hockey Champions Trophy men 's field hockey tournament .
Ronalda Pierce ( February 23 , 1985 -- June 8 , 2004 ) was a Florida State University basketball player who died of an aneurysm .
Dave Schellhase ( born October 14 , 1944 ) is a retired American collegiate basketball coach and former basketball player in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Denis Legersky ( born March 25 , 1987 in Liptovský Mikuláš , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak ice hockey player and coach .
The 1990 Hopman Cup was the second edition to the Hopman Cup tennis event located at the Burswood Entertainment Complex in Perth , Australia .
Jan Leschly ( born 11 September 1940 ) is a Danish businessman and former professional tennis player .
The Deutsche Wertungszahl ( abbreviation : DWZ , ger . German Evaluation Number ) is an evaluation number in chess to compare the playing performance of individual players .
The Oceania Cup is an international men 's and women 's field hockey competition organised by Oceania Hockey Federation ( OHF ) .
Isaiah Whitehead ( born March 8 , 1995 ) is an American college basketball player who currently plays for the Seton Hall Pirates men 's basketball team .
OK Budvanska Rivijera Budva , is a professional volleyball team based in Budva , Montenegro .
Stavros Toutziarakis ( in Greek : Σταύρος Τουτζιαράκης ; born November 5 , 1987 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
Woolwich Cricket Club was an English cricket club based in the town of Woolwich , Kent .
Kamran Akmal is a quick - scoring batsman and a wicket - keeper , who has achieved 6 centuries in Test cricket .
Alexei Koznev ( born October 3 , 1975 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey Forward who currently plays for Vityaz Chekhov of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Stelios Ioannou ( Greek : Στέλιος Ιωάννου ; born July 28 , 1987 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
Liudmila Belavenets ( or Lyudmila Belavenets , Russian : Людмила Сергеевна Белавенец ; born June 7 , 1940 , in Moscow ) is a Russian woman International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster , the fourth ICCF Women 's World Champion in correspondence chess ( 1984 - -1992 ) .
Currently Bulldog Stadium ranks 110th on the List of American football stadiums by capacity .
Danielle Goyette ( born January 30 , 1966 in St - Nazaire , Quebec ) is a retired women 's ice hockey player , and has been on the Canadian national team .
The 2013 WNBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game that was played on July 27 , 2013 at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville , CT , the current home of the Connecticut Sun . This was the 11th edition of the WNBA All - Star Game , and was played during the 2013 WNBA season .
The Wrocław Open ( formerly known as KGHM Dialog Polish Indoors ) is a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts .
Rafael Guijosa Castillo ( born 31 January 1969 in Alcalá de Henares ) is a former Spanish handball player , and current manager of Iran national handball team .
José Biriukov ( born 3 February 1963 ) is a retired Spanish and Soviet professional basketball player .
Melville Cole Armstrong ( born August 24 , 1983 in Surrey , British Columbia ) is a former professional baseball catcher , who has played in international competition with the Canada national baseball team .
The 1995 St. Petersburg Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in St. Petersburg , Russia at the Petersburg Sports and Concert Complex .
FC Zelenograd ( Russian : Футбольный клуб `` Зеленоград '' ) is an association football club from Zelenograd , Moscow .
The Richmond Virginians was the name of a minor league baseball Class AAA International League franchise that played in Richmond , Virginia , from 1954 through 1964 .
The Milton Keynes Lightning are a semi - professional ice hockey team from Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , currently playing in the EPIHL .
2011 Guam Men 's Soccer League , officially named Budweiser Guam Men 's Soccer League due to sponsorship reason , is the association football league of Guam .
Dorji Dema ( born October 16 , 1983 ) is an athlete from Bhutan who competes in archery .
The 2008 ICC World Cricket League Africa Region Division Three was a cricket tournament in South Africa , taking place between 13 and 18 April 2008 .
Sava Ranđelović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сава Ранђеловић ; born 17 July 1993 ) is a Serbian water polo player , who won an European Championship gold medal with Serbia in 2014 , in Budapest , Hungary .
The Epson Grand Prix of Europe was a European Tour golf tournament which was held annually from 1986 to 1991 at St. Pierre Golf & Country Club in Chepstow , South Wales .
Terrill Byrd is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent .
The 2003 Spanish Figure Skating Championships ( Spanish : Campeonato De España De Patinaje Sobre Hielo 2002 - 03 ) were the Spanish Figure Skating Championships of the 2002 - 2003 figure skating season .
Sydney Johnson ( born April 26 , 1974 ) is an American college basketball coach and the current head coach at Fairfield University for the Fairfield Stags men 's basketball team .
The Mexican Pacific League ( Spanish : Liga Mexicana del Pacífico or LMP ) is a winter baseball league in Mexico .
Styliani Kaltsidou ( Στυλιανή Καλτσίδου , born January 12 , 1983 ) , or Stella Kaltsidou ( Στέλλα Καλτσίδου ) , is a Greek professional basketball player .
VKP Bratislava is Slovak volleyball team based in Bratislava founded in 1946 .
SC Eisenstadt ( Croatian : NK Željezno ) was an Austrian association football club based in Eisenstadt .
Luke Stauffacher ( born December 17 , 1980 in Madison , Wisconsin ) is an American professional ice hockey player , currently playing for the Odessa Jackalopes of the Central Hockey League .
The Chatham Cup , currently known as the ASB Chatham Cup for sponsorship purposes , is New Zealand 's premier knockout tournament in men 's association football .
Viktor Pankrashkin ( Russian : Виктор Александрович Панкрашкин ; 10 December 1957 - 24 July 1993 ) was a Soviet basketball player .
Yaquelín Plutín Tizón ( born July 9 , 1979 in Majagua , Ciego de Ávila ) is a women 's basketball player from Cuba .
Randall Hough ( born 1946 ) is a chess expert , and a former member of the Executive Board of the United States Chess Federation .
Simon Line ( born 1 November 1971 ) is an English association football manager who was in charge of Hednesford Town and Market Drayton Town .
Nyon Rugby Club is a Swiss rugby union football club based in Nyon , situated on the shores of lake Geneva between Geneva and Lausanne .
Tomáš Berdych ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtomaːʃ ˈbɛrdɪx ) ; born September 17 , 1985 ) is a Czech professional tennis player .
Daniel Revenu is the son of French fencing coach Ernest Revenu , from Melun .
Tommy Earl ( born June 10 , 1947 in Niagara Falls , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 347 games in the World Hockey Association .
Petr Kalus ( born June 29 , 1987 in Ostrava , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently wanted back with Nottingham Panthers .
George Dickson ( born September 27 , 1923 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is a retired American football player and coach was the head coach of the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League for the first two games of the 1976 season .
Wheelchair rugby is played indoors on a hardwood court , and physical contact between wheelchairs is an integral part of the game - with the rules including elements from wheelchair basketball , ice hockey , handball and rugby union .
The Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association ( JAAA ) is the national governing body for the sport of athletics ( including track and field , long - distance running and racewalking ) in Jamaica .
The FC Oberlausitz Neugersdorf is a German association football club from the town of Neugersdorf in the Upper Lusatia ( German : Oberlausitz ) region of Saxony .
The Quebec Caribou are a rugby union club based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Lelo Saracens ( or formally Rugby Club Lelo Tbilisi ) is a Georgian semi - professional rugby union club from Tbilisi , who plays in the Georgia Championship , the first division of Georgian rugby .
William Lance Berkman ( born February 10 , 1976 ) , nicknamed `` Big Puma '' , is a former American professional baseball outfielder and first baseman .
The 1877 Wimbledon Championship was a men 's tennis tournament held at the All England Croquet and Lawn Tennis Club ( AEC & LTC ) in Wimbledon , London .
The 2011 Rally Sweden was the opening round of 2011 World Rally Championship season .
The 2007 Women 's South American Volleyball Championship was the 27th edition of the South American Volleyball Championship , organised by South America 's governing volleyball body , the Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol ( CSV ) .
Leadgate Park F.C. was an English association football club based in the village of Leadgate , County Durham .
Mohammad Ashraful ( Bengali : মোহাম্মদ আশরাফুল ) ( born 7 July 1984 ) is a former Bangladeshi international cricket player who has represented the Bangladesh national cricket team .
Paddy Wallace ( born 27 August 1979 ) is an Irish rugby union footballer from Belfast where he attended Rockport School and Campbell College .
Shannon Brown ( born November 29 , 1985 ) is an American professional basketball player , who last played for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Patrik Ćavar ( born 24 March 1971 in Metković ) is a retired Croatian handball player .
Yves Donguy born 1 January 1982 in Daloa ( Côte d'Ivoire ) is a rugby union player for Toulouse in the Top 14 competition .
CS Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea ( Romanian : Clubul Sportiv Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea , lit . Sports Club Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea ) was a Romanian women 's handball club from Râmnicu Vâlcea sponsored by Oltchim .
BC Krasny Oktyabr is a Russian professional basketball club based in Volgograd , that plays in the VTB United League .
The 1988 Virginia Slims of Houston was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Westside Tennis Club in Houston , Texas in the United States and was part of Tier III of the 1988 WTA Tour .
The 1971 Memorial Cup was the 53rd annual Memorial Cup competition , organized by the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association ( CAHA ) to determine the champion of major junior A ice hockey .
The 2008 MAAC Men 's Basketball Tournament was an NCAA college basketball tournament held at the Times Union Center in Albany , New York on March 7 - -10 , 2007 , to decide the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference champion .
Dick Roberge ( born April 7 , 1934 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward and coach .
Andrei Plekhanov ( born 12 July 1986 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenseman who currently plays for HC Sochi in the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Serdar Apaydın ( born 21 October 1966 in Turkey ) is a retired Turkish professional basketball player and former assistant coach of Fenerbahçe Ülker .
Dominique Daquin ( born November 10 , 1972 in Martinique ) is a French volleyball player , who won the bronze medal with the France men 's national volleyball team at the 2002 World Championship .
Cortez Hankton ( born January 20 , 1981 ) is a former American football wide receiver who is currently an assistant coach at Vanderbilt University .
Lukas Klapfer ( born 25 December 1985 ) is an Austrian Nordic combined skier who has been competing since 2002 .
Yuri Schukin ( Russian : Ю́рий Ива́нович Щу́кин , born 26 June 1979 ) is a Russian - born Kazakhstani tennis player .
The 1998 Mercedes Cup was a men 's tennis tournament played on Clay in Stuttgart , Germany , that was part of the International Series Gold of the 1998 ATP Tour .
Dimitris Flionis ( alternate spelling : Dimitrios ) ( Greek : Δημήτρης Φλιώνης ; born April 8 , 1997 ) is a Greek professional basketball player with Aris of the Greek Basket League .
William Barthau is a French international rugby league footballer who currently plays for the London Broncos in the Kingstone Press Championship and the French national side .
Simone Parodi ( born 16 June 1986 ) is an Italian volleyball player , a member of Italy men 's national volleyball team and Italian club Cucine Lube Civitanova , a bronze medalist of the Olympic Games London 2012 , FIVB World League ( 2013 , 2014 ) and silver medalist of European Championship 2013 .
The South Adelaide Football Club is an Australian rules football club that competes in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Finnmarksløpet is the world 's northernmost sled dog race .
The CCNY point shaving scandal of 1950 - -51 was a college basketball point shaving gambling scandal that involved seven schools in all , with four in Greater New York and three in the Midwest .
Colombo Hockey and Football Club ( also known as CH & FC ) is a Division ' A ' rugby union team based in Colombo , Sri Lanka that competes in the Dialog Rugby League in Sri Lanka .
Jason Elliott ( born 10 November 1975 in Inuvik , Northwest Territories ) , is a retired Canadian ice hockey player .
The 2014 FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women was an international basketball competition held in Klatovy and Plzeň , Czech Republic , from 28 June to 6 July 2014 .
The 1922 Australasian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor Grass courts at the White City Tennis Club , Sydney , Australia from 2 December to 9 December .
Davide Bresadola ( born 10 September 1988 ) is an Italian Nordic combined athlete .
Top Girls Fassa Bortolo ( UCI team code : MIC ) is a professional cycling team based in Italy , which competes in elite road bicycle racing events such as the UCI Women 's Road World Cup and elite road races .
Helgi Ólafsson ( born 15 August 1956 ) is an Icelandic chess grandmaster who won the Icelandic Chess Championship six times and , as of 2009 , holds an Elo rating of 2522 .
Major Kerby Farrell ( September 3 , 1913 -- December 17 , 1975 ) was an American professional baseball player , coach and manager .
Julie Coin ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒyli kwɛ̃ ) ; born 2 December 1982 ) is a retired French professional tennis player .
Finnish Championship League ( Rugbyn SM - sarja ) is the premier rugby union competition in Finland , formed in 2002 .
The Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles was a European Tour golf tournament which was played at the Gleneagles Hotel in Scotland .
Lasse Boesen ( born September 18 , 1979 ) is a retired Danish team handball player .
The 2006 Conference USA Baseball Tournament was the 2006 postseason college baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Conference USA , held at Reckling Park in Houston , Texas from May 24 - -
Rob Walton ( born 29 March 1949 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) was a professional ice hockey player in the World Hockey Association ( WHA ) .
Miloš Babić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Бабић ; born November 23 , 1968 ) is a retired Serbian basketball player .
The 2004 Chennai Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the SDAT Tennis Stadium in Chennai in India and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour .
The 1985 Virginia Slims of Central New York was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Monticello , New York in the United States .
The Socsargen Marlins were a professional basketball team in the defunct Metropolitan Basketball Association from 1998 - 2001 .
Ezzahra Sports , or EZS , is a Tunisian professional basketball club from Ezzahra .
Murray Heatley ( born November 7 , 1948 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a former Canadian ice hockey player .
Gießen 46ers is a professional basketball club based in Gießen , Germany , that plays in the Basketball Bundesliga .
Leonardo Basile ( born May 12 , 1983 in Naples ) is an Italian taekwondo practitioner .
Yakov Paparkov ( Bulgarian : Яков Папарков ) ( born 6 February 1971 ) is a Bulgarian association football manager and former player who has served as the manager of Pirin Gotse Delchev .
Morten Green ( born March 19 , 1981 ) is a Danish professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Danish team Rungsted Ishockey .
RGC 1404 , formerly Gogledd Cymru ( Welsh for `` North Wales '' ; pronounced ( ˈgɔglɛð ˈkəmrɨ ) ) , is a rugby union development team announced by the Welsh Rugby Union in September 2008 .
Stephen Ferris ( born 2 August 1985 ) is a retired Irish rugby union player who played for Ulster and represented Ireland internationally .
Alexandra Cadanțu ( born 3 May 1990 ) is a professional Romanian tennis player playing in the ITF Women 's Circuit .
Ron Parker ( born August 17 , 1987 ) is an American football Strong safety for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Rødovre Mighty Bulls is the professional ice hockey team of the Rødovre Skating and Ice hockey Club ( Rødovre Skøjte og Ishockey Klub - Rødovre SIK ) .
Deryk Engelland ( born April 3 , 1982 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing with the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Ferit Gümüş ( born January 1 , 1981 in Kızıltepe , Mardin Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish wheelchair basketball player and Paralympian .
The Roxburgh Park Football Club is an Australian rules football club located 24 km north of Melbourne in the new housing estate of Roxburgh Park .
Shawntinice Polk ( March 27 , 1983 -- September 26 , 2005 ) was an American women 's basketball player who played at the University of Arizona .
Michel Macquet ( 3 April 1932 -- 27 October 2002 ) was a French javelin thrower and handball player .
The John Nicholls Medal ( formerly the Robert Reynolds Trophy from 1934 - 2003 ) is an Australian rules football award given to the player(s ) adjudged Best and Fairest for the Carlton Football Club for the season .
The Women 's Western Open was an American professional golf tournament which was first played in 1930 .
HK Dukla Michalovce is an ice hockey team playing in the 1.Liga , and formed in 2000 .
Jesse Schultz ( born September 28 , 1982 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Right Winger who is currently playing with the Rapid City Rush of the East Coast Hockey League ( ECHL ) .
Ryan Stuart is a Bahamian former basketball player who is best known for his college career at the University of Louisiana at Monroe between 1991 - -92 and 1992 - -93 , which was known as Northeast Louisiana University when he attended .
EHC Olten is a Swiss professional ice hockey team based in Olten , Switzerland .
Benas Veikalas ( born 24 September 1983 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player , who currently plays for Sidigas Avellino of Lega Basket Serie A. He can play both guard positions , but prefers the shooting guard position .
James Haskell ( born 2 April 1985 ) is an English rugby union player who currently plays for and captains Wasps in the Aviva Premiership and internationally for England .
The Nanaimo Clippers are a Junior `` A '' ice hockey team based in Nanaimo , British Columbia , Canada .
FIFA Manager ( short : FIFAM ) was an association football series of sport management games published by Electronic Arts .
Filipo Levi ( born 6 September 1979 in Huntly , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand - born Samoan rugby union footballer .
Noah Shepard is a former American football quarterback .
The Commercial Bank Qatar Masters is a golf tournament held at the Doha Golf Club in Doha , Qatar .
Michael Frolík ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪxaɛl ˈfroliːk ) ; born February 17 , 1988 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Pál Kovács ( 17 July 1912 -- 8 July 1995 ) was a Hungarian athlete , who began as a hurdler , but eventually switched to fencing .
FC Dynamo GTS Stavropol ( Russian : ФК `` Динамо ГТС '' Ставрополь ) was an association football club from Stavropol , Russia , founded in 1986 .
Rodney Peete ( born March 16 , 1966 ) is a former American football quarterback from the University of Southern California ( USC ) who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) for 16 years .
Cricket Australia ( CA ) , formerly known as the Australian Cricket Board ( ACB ) , is the governing body for professional and amateur cricket in Australia .
Jamal Williams ( born April 28 , 1976 ) is a former American football nose tackle who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) for thirteen seasons .
The Craven Week is an annual rugby union tournament organised for schoolboys in the Republic of South Africa .
The 2001 Women 's World Amateur Boxing Championships was an international women 's boxing competition hosted by the United States from October 21 to 27 2001 in Scranton , Pennsylvania .
The 2010 Women 's Pan - American Volleyball Cup was the ninth edition of the annual women 's volleyball tournament , played by eleven countries from 18 - -26 June 2010 in Rosarito and Tijuana , Mexico .
Román Alí Solís López ( born September 29 , 1987 ) is a Mexican professional baseball catcher in the Boston Red Sox organization .
The 2005 ICC Trophy was a cricket tournament held in Ireland between 1 July and 13 July .
John Fergus Slattery ( born 12 February 1949 in Dún Laoghaire , Ireland ) is a former rugby union player who represented Ireland .
Amos Burn ( 1848 - -1925 ) was an English chess player , one of the world 's leading players at the end of the 19th century , and a chess writer .
BG Karlsruhe is a basketball club based in Karlsruhe , Germany that plays in the 2nd Basketball Bundesliga - Pro A. Their home arena is Europahalle .
Kronos Racing was set up in 1994 , and ran circuit racing and rallying programmes on behalf of Peugeot Belgium / Luxembourg .
Shaimaa Abdul - Aziz ( Arabic : شيماء عبد العزيز‎ ; born March 30 , 1981 in Giza ) is an Egyptian table tennis player .
Fumiko Okuno ( Japanese : 奥野史子 Okuno Fumiko ; born April 14 , 1972 in Kyoto ) is a former competitor in synchronized swimming from Japan .
Helsinki Roosters is an American football team based in Helsinki , Finland .
The 1996 ITU Triathlon World Championships was a triathlon event held in Cleveland , Ohio , United States on 24 August 1996 , organised by the International Triathlon Union .
World Hard Court Championships ( WHCC ) was an annual tennis tournament held from 1912 to 1923 , principally in Paris , France .
Major General Claude Ernest Pert CB , CVO , DSO ( 1898 - -1982 ) was a soldier and British India polo champion .
Otakar Janecký ( born December 26 , 1960 in Pardubice , Czechoslovakia ) is a retired Czech ice hockey forward .
The 2009 Malaysian Open ( also known as the 2009 Proton Malaysian Open for sponsorship reasons ) was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts .
Manuela Mager finished her figure skating career 1980 .
The Chinese Taipei national football team ( Chinese : 中華台北男子足球代表隊 ; pinyin : Zhōnghuá táiběi nánzǐ zúqiú dàibiǎo duì ) is the official name given by FIFA to the national association football team of the Republic of China ( Taiwan , see Chinese Taipei for team naming issue ) .
Li Xiaoxia ( simplified Chinese : 李晓霞 ; traditional Chinese : 李曉霞 ; pinyin : Lǐ Xiǎoxiá ; born 16 January 1988 ) is a Chinese table tennis professional .
The Victorian Spirit are the women 's representative cricket team for Victoria and compete in the Women 's National Cricket League .
The Allianz Cup is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor clay courts .
Elverum Fotball is the association football section of the sports club Elverum IL from Elverum , Norway .
Tracey Ferguson is a Canadian Paralympic wheelchair basketball player .
Shaun Draughn ( /ˈdroʊn/ drone ; born December 7 , 1987 ) is an American football running back for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Daryl Lipsey ( born 26 June 1963 ) is a Canadian professional player and coach of ice hockey .
César Muñiz Fernández ( born 18 May 1970 , in Anderlecht , Brussels ) is a Belgian - born Spaniard retired association football referee who operates in the top league of Spanish football , La Liga .
AZS Poznań ( in season 2003/2004 called Stary Browar AZS Poznań , in season 2002/2003 : ) is a Polish women 's basketball team based in Poznań and playing in the Sharp Torell Basket Liga .
Craig Culpan ( born May 17 , 1982 in Vancouver , British Columbia and raised in Auckland , New Zealand ) was a Canadian rugby union player .
The Peoria Pirates were a professional arena football team that last played in af2 , the minor league to the Arena Football League .
The 1993 Peters NSW Open was the 1993 edition of the annually - held NSW Open tennis tournament .
Pradeeban Peter - Paul ( born May 17 , 1977 ) is a Tamil Canadian table tennis player .
The ACW Heavyweight Championship was the top professional wrestling championship title in the American independent promotion Assault Championship Wrestling .
Wins Above Replacement or Wins Above Replacement Player , commonly abbreviated to WAR or WARP , is a non - standardized sabermetric baseball statistic developed to sum up `` a player 's total contributions to his team '' .
The Louisville Slugger Museum & Factory , a museum located in Louisville , Kentucky 's `` Museum Row '' in the West Main District of downtown , showcases the history of the Louisville Slugger brand of baseball bats made by Hillerich & Bradsby , and of baseball in general .
Jacques Rougerie ( born May 11 , 1948 in Pamiers , France ) is a retired French international rugby union player and the father of another French international rugby union player , Aurélien Rougerie .
The 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships was the World Championships for track cycling in 2012 .
Julio César de Andrade Moura , more commonly known as Julinho ( born October 31 , 1965 in Salvador , Bahia , Brazil ) is a former association football striker from Brazil , who obtained the Peruvian nationality .
The 1995 Nokia Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Beijing in the People 's Republic of China that was part of the World Series of the 1995 ATP Tour and of Tier IV of the 1995 WTA Tour .
Sydney University Football Club , founded in 1863 ( this date was disputed by historian Tom Hickie who argues that it was 1865 ) , is the oldest club now playing rugby union in Australia .
The Western Professional Hockey League ( abbreviated WPHL ) is a defunct minor professional ice hockey league .
Skal Labissière ( French pronunciation : ​(labissjɛʁ ) ; born March 18 , 1996 ) is a Haitian basketball player who currently plays for the Kentucky Wildcats Men 's Basketball Team .
The Akron Wingfoots are one of the oldest basketball teams in the United States .
The 2015 Asian Rugby Championship , was the inaugural series of the newly formatted Asian rugby union tournament for the ARFU region .
The Toronto Granites were an amateur senior ice hockey team from Toronto , Ontario .
The 2004 Haarlem Baseball Week was an international baseball competition held at the Pim Mulier Stadium in Haarlem , the Netherlands from July 23 to August 1 , 2004 .
Borchert Field was a baseball park in the United States in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Vugar Gashimov ( Azerbaijani : Vüqar Həşimov ; 24 July 1986 -- 11 January 2014 ) was an Azerbaijani chess grandmaster .
Lev Taussig ( born 1880 -- ? ) was a Czech chess master .
AT&T Park is a baseball park located in the South Beach neighborhood of San Francisco , California .
Leo Klein Gebbink ( born 9 January 1968 in Zelhem , Gelderland ) is a former field hockey midfield player from The Netherlands , who represented his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics ( 1992 and 1996 ) .
Wilson Washington Jr. ( born August 3 , 1955 ) is a retired American basketball player and a former assistant coach at Norfolk State University .
Aaron Gorrell ( born 31 March 1981 in Wollongong , New South Wales ) is a former Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Brisbane Broncos of the NRL .
Željko Bogut ( born October 8 , 1969 in Mostar , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian chess player and two time national champion , only player in Bosnia and Herzegovina who won title twice , in 2006 and in 2010 .
Charles Moehle ( Möhle ) ( 26 November 1859 , New York -- 1898 ) was an American chess master .
Harley Marques Silva ( born 6 July 1974 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a beach volleyball player from Brazil .
The 2011 Ice Challenge was an international figure skating competition during the 2011 - -2012 season .
Frank Rediker ( Born March 15 , 1985 in Sterling Heights , Michigan ) is a retired American ice hockey player who most recently played for the Stockton Thunder of the ECHL .
The Dundee Hurricanes are an American football team based in Dundee , Scotland .
The 1976 Aryamehr Cup was a men 's professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Tehran in Iran .
Tim Swinson ( born 17 February 1987 in London , England ) is a Scottish internationalist rugby union player .
The Belize Premier Football League ( BPFL ) ( Caribbean Motors Cup ) was the premier division of association football in Belize sanctioned by the Football Federation of Belize .
For the ice hockey club , see HC CSKA Moscow .
The Soviet Figure Skating Championships were a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of the Soviet Union .
Steve Gatzos ( born June 22 , 1961 in Toronto , Ontario and raised in Bramalea , Ontario ) is a former professional ice hockey player who played 89 games in the National Hockey League .
Sašo Ožbolt ( born 4 April 1981 ) is a Slovenian retired professional basketball player who played for KK Portorož of the Slovenian League .
Lucas Monteverde , born December 18 , 1976 , is an Argentine professional polo player with a handicap of 9 ( formerly 10 ) .
Ervin Kassai ( 16 March 1925 -- 12 October 2012 ) was a Hungarian basketball referee .
Valeri Nikitin ( born June 20 , 1939 in Moscow , Russia -- died January 13 , 2002 ) was an ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League and National Hockey League .
Paolo Tofoli ( born August 14 , 1966 in Fermo ) is a former Italian volleyball player and current coach , standing at 188 cm . He played 342 times for the Italy national volleyball team .
Luka Pavićević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лука Павићевић ; born June 17 , 1968 in Titograd ) is a Montenegrin professional basketball head coach for Chorale Roanne of the LNB Pro A and for the Montenegro national basketball team .
Greg Guy is a retired American professional basketball player most known for being the NCAA Division I scoring champion during the 1992 - -93 season .
Tyson Demos ( born 3 July 1988 ) is an Australian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Illawarra Hawks of the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
Jean - Emmanuel Cassin is a French rugby footballer who currently plays rugby union for Oyonnax Rugby and represented his country at rugby league in the 2000 World Cup .
Alfonso Solis ( born December 23 , 1962 ) , better known as Al Solis , is a retired Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association .
The 2010 ICC World Twenty20 was the third ICC World Twenty20 competition , an international Twenty20 cricket tournament that was held in the West Indies between 30 April and 16 May 2010 .
Samalog ( or samalogue in UK spelling ; sometimes sammenlagt in both Norwegian and Danish : `` put together '' , `` total sum '' ) is a scoring system in speed skating .
William Carlisle Towery ( June 20 , 1920 -- November 25 , 2012 ) , nicknamed `` Blackie '' or `` Big Boy '' , was an American basketball player .
Karl Dennis Persson(born June 2 , 1988 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman .
Bernt Frilén is a Swedish orienteering competitor , winner of the 1974 Individual World Orienteering Championships .
The Cyprus national football team ( Greek : Εθνική ομάδα ποδοσφαίρου της Κύπρου ) represents Cyprus in association football and is controlled by the Cyprus Football Association , the governing body for football in Cyprus .
Hellé Nice ( born Mariette Hélène Delangle ; 15 December 1900 -- died 1 October 1984 ) was a French model , dancer , and a Grand Prix motor racing driver .
The Montreal Junior Canadiens were a junior ice hockey team in the Quebec Junior Hockey League from 1933 to 1961 , and the Ontario Hockey Association from 1961 to 1972 .
Max Brito ( born 8 April 1971 in Abidjan , Ivory Coast ) is a former rugby union player on the Ivory Coast rugby team .
The OMEGA Heavyweight Championship was the top singles title in the Organization of Modern Extreme Grappling Arts ( OMEGA ) independent professional wrestling promotion .
Aren Davoudi Chegani ( Persian : آرن داوودی چگانی‎‎ ; Armenian : Արեն Դավուդի , born July 12 , 1986 ) is a professional Iranian Armenian basketball player who currently plays for Hamyari Shahrdari of the Iranian Super League and also for the Iranian national basketball team .
Sauro Bufalini ( 28 April 1941 -- 1 April 2012 ) was an Italian basketball player .
Dražen Marović ( born January 14 , 1938 in Split ) is a Croatian ( former Yugoslav ) chess player , trainer , journalist , writer and broadcaster .
The Queen 's Gambit Declined ( or QGD ) is a chess opening in which Black declines a pawn offered by White in the Queen 's Gambit : 1 .
Sophie Milliet ( born 2 November 1983 in Marseille ) is a French chess player and four times national women 's champion ( 2003 , 2008 , 2009 and 2011 ) .
Venugopal Chandrasekhar is a former National table tennis champion and Arjuna Award winner from Tamil Nadu , India .
Jon Welsh ( born 13 October 1986 ) is a Scottish rugby union player currently playing for Newcastle Falcons .
The Tour of Chongming Island , officially the Tour of Chongming Island International Cycling Race is an annual elite women 's road bicycle racing stage race held in Shanghai , China , named after Chongming Island .
The 1993 FIVB Volleyball World League was the fourth edition of the annual men 's volleyball tournament , played by 12 countries from May 21 to July 31 , 1993 .
Rayos de Hermosillo is a basketball club based in Hermosillo , Sonora , Mexico that plays in the Circuito de Baloncesto de la Costa del Pacífico ( CIBACOPA ) .
Dennis Owchar ( born March 28 , 1953 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 288 games in the National Hockey League .
Royal Birkdale Golf Club is a golf course in the town of Southport , England , and is one of the clubs in the Open Championship rotation for both men and women .
Jonathan Janil ( born September 24 , 1987 ) is a French ice hockey defenceman who played for France at the 2011 IIHF World Championship .
The ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating ( ISU Champions Series from 1995 to 1997 ) is a series of senior international figure skating competitions organized by the International Skating Union .
Christophe Moly ( born 16 July 1982 in France ) is a rugby league player for the Pia Donkeys and previously Carcassonne club in the French Rugby League Championship competition .
Fife Lions ARLFC are a rugby league club located in the east of Scotland .
Jeremy Cota ( born October 24 , 1988 ) is an athlete on the U.S. Ski Team ; he competes in the freestyle skiing events of Moguls and Dual Moguls .
The FIBA Americas Under-18 Championship is the name commonly used to refer to the American basketball championships for players under 18 years that take place every two years among national teams of the continent .
Christian Ramota ( born April 14 , 1973 ) is a former German team handball player ( goalkeeper ) .
Chris Bergeron ( born November 28 , 1970 in Wallaceburg , ONT , Canada ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey center who played for various minor league teams for 7 seasons between 1993 and 2000 , with the most stints with the Toledo Storm and Cincinnati Cyclones .
The Mauritius women 's national football team is a women 's association football team that represents the country of Mauritius .
Christian Magleby ( born June 8 , 1977 ) is a Danish former professional association football player , who played as a midfielder .
The NIT Season Tip - Off is an annual college basketball tournament that takes place in November of each year , towards the beginning of the season .
Arlington Stadium was a baseball stadium located in Arlington , Texas , United States , located between Dallas and Fort Worth , Texas .
The 1988 Virginia Slims of Kansas was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Kansas Coliseum in Wichita , Kansas in the United States and was part of Tier V of the 1988 WTA Tour .
Sergey Belavenets ( Russian : Серге́й Всеволодович Белавенец ; 8 July 1910 -- 7 March 1942 ) was a Soviet chess master , theoretician , and chess journalist of Belarusian descent .
Candice Holley ( born April 23 , 1981 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is a women 's college basketball athlete that played for The University of Cincinnati and University of Mississippi .
The 2005 Swedish Open , also known by its sponsored name Synsam Swedish Open , was a men 's tennis event played on outdoor clay courts in Båstad , Sweden .
The 99th Grey Cup was a Canadian football game between the East Division champion Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the West Division champion BC Lions to decide the champion of the Canadian Football League in the 2011 season .
Nathan Peavy ( born on March 31 , 1985 ) is a Puerto Rican - American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Atenienses de Manatí of the BSN .
MTV Wolfenbüttel is a German association football and sports club based in Wolfenbüttel , Lower Saxony .
Princess Shi ( 石王后 , personal name unknown ) , who might have taken the title Empress Shi ( 石皇后 ) at one point , was the wife of Lü Guang ( Emperor Yiwu ) , the founder of the Chinese / Di state Later Liang .
Crabro cribrarius , common name Slender Bodied Digger Wasp , is a species of wasps belonging to the family Crabronidae .
Joseph Schmidt ( March 4 , 1904 -- November 16 , 1942 ) was an Austro - Hungarian and Romanian Jewish tenor and actor .
