Ciske de Rat ( `` Ciske the Rat '' ) is a novel for children by Dutch author Piet Bakker .
`` A New Refutation of Time '' ( Spanish : Nueva refutación del tiempo ) is an essay by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges ( written between 1944 and 1946 ) in which he argues that the negations of idealism may be extended to time .
North Amerikkkan Blues , published in 1971 , is the first novel from Belizean Evan X Hyde .
The Memory of Water is a comedy written by English playwright Shelagh Stephenson , first staged at Hampstead Theatre in 1996 .
My Theodosia is a novel , written by the American author Anya Seton which was first published in 1941 .
On What Matters is a two - volume book of moral philosophy by Derek Parfit published in 2011 .
`` The Theologians '' ( original title : `` Los teólogos '' ) is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges .
Shoplifting from American Apparel is Tao Lin 's first novella , fifth book , and first published fiction since the May 15 , 2007 simultaneous publication of his debut novel , Eeeee Eee Eeee , and debut story - collection , Bed .
Buckskin Brigades is a Western novel written by L. Ron Hubbard , first published July 30 , 1937 .
Haym Salomon , Son of Liberty is a historical novel written in 1941 by Howard Fast .
The Ravenous is a 2003 horror novel written by T. M. Gray .
Rich Dad Poor Dad is a 1997 book written by Robert Kiyosaki and Sharon Lechter .
The Nether World ( 1889 ) is a novel written by the English author George Gissing .
The Miracle of Forgiveness is a book written by Spencer W. Kimball while he was a member of Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
The Stalk is a 1994 science fiction novel by Chris Morris and Janet Morris .
Die schöne Müllerin ( Op . 25 , D. 795 ) , is a song cycle by Franz Schubert based on poems by Wilhelm Müller .
When You Are Engulfed in Flames is a collection of essays by bestselling American humorist David Sedaris .
The Barsac Mission ( French : L'Étonnante Aventure de la Mission Barsac ) is a novel attributed to Jules Verne and written ( with inspiration from two unfinished Verne manuscripts ) by his son Michel Verne .
The Dragon 's Apprentice written by James A. Owen is the fifth book in the Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica .
The Seven Songs of Merlin is a work of literature by T. A. Barron , published by Penguin .
Hen 's Teeth and Horse 's Toes ( 1983 ) is Stephen Jay Gould 's third volume of collected essays reprinted from his monthly columns for Natural History magazine titled `` This view of life '' .
Footsteps of Fate ( Dutch : Noodlot ) is a novel written by Louis Couperus and published in 1891 .
`` Mr. Spaceship '' is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick , first published in 1953 in Imagination , and later in The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick .
Snow Falling on Cedars is a 1994 award - winning novel written by American writer David Guterson .
The Cape Cod Mystery , first published in 1931 , is a detective story by Phoebe Atwood Taylor , the first to feature her series detective Asey Mayo , the `` Codfish Sherlock '' .
When We Get There is a novel about coming - of - age by the American writer Shauna Seliy set in 1974 in a coal mining patch ( modeled on the author 's hometown of Yukon , Westmoreland County ) near Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Queen Sheba 's Ring is a 1910 adventure novel by H. Rider Haggard set in central Africa .
Illustrations of the Family of the Psittacidae , or Parrots contains 42 lithographs with original hand painted colour by Edward Lear .
My Mate , or a Bush Love Story is an Australian play by Edmund Duggan which was first produced in 1911 .
Inverted World ( The Inverted World in some editions ) is a 1974 science fiction novel by Christopher Priest , expanded from a short story by the same name included in New Writings in SF 22 ( 1973 ) .
La Turista is a play by the American playwright Sam Shepard , first performed in New York in 1967 .
The Three Musketeers ( French : Les Trois Mousquetaires ( le tʁwa muskətɛʁ ) ) is a historical novel by Alexandre Dumas .
Everyone in Silico is a 2002 post - cyberpunk novel written by Jim Munroe .
Séraphîta ( French pronunciation : ​(seʁafita ) ) is a French novel by Honoré de Balzac with themes of androgyny .
Sheng Si Qiao ( Chinese : 生死桥 ) is a book by Chinese writer Lilian Lee .
Dimsie Moves Up is the second of the Dimsie books by author Dorita Fairlie Bruce .
Sliver of Truth is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger .
`` Travels with My Cats '' is a fantasy / magic realism short story by Mike Resnick .
Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners , or The Brief Relation of the Exceeding Mercy of God in Christ to his Poor Servant John Bunyan is a Puritan spiritual autobiography written by John Bunyan .
The Defiant Agents is the third novel in The Time Traders series by Andre Norton .
Jailbird is a novel by Kurt Vonnegut , originally published in 1979 ; it has come to be known as `` his Watergate novel '' .
The Missing Head of Damasceno Monteiro ( Italian : La testa perduta di Damasceno Monteiro ) is a 1997 crime novel by the Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi .
All Seated on the Ground is a science fiction novella by Connie Willis , originally published in the December 2007 issue of American magazine Asimov 's Science Fiction and as a standalone volume from Subterranean Press .
Jeffrey and Sloth is a children 's book by Kari - Lynn Winters and Ben Hodson .
The Techniques of Democracy is a book written by Herbert Croly , founder of the magazine The New Republic .
Graziella is an 1852 novel by the French author Alphonse de Lamartine .
Fatal Terrain is a 1997 techno - thriller novel written by Dale Brown .
The Union Club Mysteries is a collection of mystery short stories by American author Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional mystery solver Griswold .
The Modular Man is a science fiction novel by American writer Roger MacBride Allen .
The Ballad of Matthew 's Begats ( ISBN 978 - 1 - 4003 - 0909 - 2 ) is a children 's picture book published in 2007 , written by Andrew Peterson and illustrated by Cory Godbey .
Zeitgehöft ( which can be rendered in English as Timestead ) is a German - language poetry collection by Paul Celan , published posthumously in 1976 .
17 Poems ( Swedish : 17 dikter ) is a 1954 poetry collection by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer .
Literary Reflections ( 1993 ) was written by American author James A. Michener .
The Safety Net ( German : Fürsorgliche Belagerung ) is a 1979 novel by Heinrich Böll .
Mrs. Mike , the Story of Katherine Mary Flannigan is a novel by Benedict and Nancy Freedman set in the Canadian wilderness during the early 1900s .
The Mode series is a quartet of novels by Piers Anthony .
The Conduct of Life is a collection of essays by Ralph Waldo Emerson published in 1860 and revised in 1876 .
On the Trail of the Assassins is a 1988 book by Jim Garrison , detailing his role in indicting businessman Clay Shaw for conspiracy to kill U.S. President John F. Kennedy , therefore holding the only trial held for Kennedy 's murder .
The Man in the High Castle ( 1963 ) is an alternative history novel by American writer Philip K. Dick .
The Melancholy of Resistance ( Hungarian : Az ellenállás melankóliája ) is a 1989 novel by the Hungarian writer László Krasznahorkai .
The Daughter of the Lioness series ( also known as the Tricksters series ) by Tamora Pierce is a duology set in the Tortall universe .
The Coyote Kings of the Space - Age Bachelor Pad is a comic science fiction novel and social satire written by Edmonton , Alberta , Canada writer and activist Malcolm Azania under the pen name of `` Minister Faust '' .
The Abyssinian ( French : L'Abyssin ) is a 1997 historical adventure novel by Jean - Christophe Rufin .
Doraemon ( Japanese : ドラえもん ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by the manga writing team Fujiko Fujio .
Thank You for Your Service , written by American journalist David Finkel , is the follow up non - fiction book to The Good Soldiers , which chronicles the lives of the 2 - 16 Infantry Battalion in Baghdad during 2007 and 2008 .
Written by Walter B. Gibson , it was submitted for publication as `` The Hand in the Dark '' on August 1 , 1931 , and published as `` Hands in the Dark '' in the May 1 , 1932 issue of The Shadow Magazine .
The Gay Place ( 1961 ) is a series of three novellas , with interlocking plots and characters , by American author Billy Lee Brammer .
The Song of the Lark is the third novel by American author Willa Cather , written in 1915 .
The Caretaker Trilogy is a series of science fiction thrillers with an ecological theme , written for young adults by the award - winning American novelist and screenwriter , David Klass .
Je vous écris d'Italie ( `` I write to you from Italy '' ) is a 1984 novel by the French writer Michel Déon .
The Cold Six Thousand is a 2001 crime fiction novel by James Ellroy .
The Chronica Majora is an important medieval illuminated manuscript chronicle written in Latin by Matthew Paris , a Benedictine monk living in the Abbey of St Albans .
Flowers of Asphalt is an unfinished novel attributed to American writer Stephen Crane .
The Crimson Campaign is the second book in The Powder Mage trilogy written by American author Brian McClellan .
Orpheus Emerged is a novella written by Jack Kerouac in 1945 when he was at Columbia University .
R Is for Rocket ( 1962 ) is a short story collection by Ray Bradbury , compiled for Young Adult library sections .
The Spirit of the Liturgy ( German : Der Geist der Liturgie ) is a 2000 book written by Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger ( Pope Benedict XVI ) before his ascension to the papacy .
The Logia of Yeshua , by Guy Davenport and Benjamin Urrutia , published by Counterpoint Press , is a compendium of canonical and extracanonical sayings of Jesus that are considered authentic by the authors .
Way Up High is a children 's book by Hugo- and Nebula - award winning author , Roger Zelazny .
Tao of Jeet Kune Do is a book expressing Bruce Lee 's martial arts philosophy and viewpoints , published posthumously ( after Bruce Lee 's death in 1973 ) .
An Answer from Limbo is a novel by Northern Irish - Canadian writer Brian Moore , published in 1962 when he was living in New York .
Hymner til natten is a Danish play based on the Hymns to the Night by Novalis ( published in 1800 ) .
The Singing Tree is a children 's novel by Kate Seredy , the sequel to The Good Master .
The Future of an Illusion ( German : Die Zukunft einer Illusion ) is a 1927 book by Sigmund Freud , describing his interpretation of religion 's origins , development , psychoanalysis , and its future .
The Face in the Frost is a short 1969 fantasy novel by author John Bellairs .
`` The Disintegration Machine '' is a short story written by Arthur Conan Doyle .
Between a Rock and a Hard Place is the autobiography of Aron Ralston .
Time for the Stars is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein published by Scribner 's in 1956 as one of the Heinlein juveniles .
Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace is an influential and widely - cited 1999 book by Lawrence Lessig on the structure and nature of regulation of the internet .
The Space Odyssey series is a series of science fiction novels by the writer Arthur C. Clarke .
Ah , Wilderness ! is a comedy by American playwright Eugene O'Neill that premiered on Broadway at the Guild Theatre on 2 October 1933 .
Hatter 's Castle ( 1931 ) is the first novel of author A. J. Cronin .
`` A Study in Emerald '' is a short story written by British fantasy and graphic novel author Neil Gaiman .
The Timeless Land ( 1941 ) is a work of historical fiction by Eleanor Dark ( 1901 - -1985 ) .
Equal Rites is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett .
A Burial at Sea , by Charles Finch , is a set aboard a Royal Navy vessel in 1873 and in Egypt during the Victorian era .
In This House of Brede is a novel by Rumer Godden published in 1969 .
When Will There Be Good News ? is a 2008 crime novel by Kate Atkinson and won the 2009 ' Richard & Judy Best Read of the Year ' at the British Book Awards .
The First Princess of Wales ( originally published as Sweet Passion 's Pain ) is a 1984 historical fiction novel by American author Karen Harper .
Regulatory focus theory ( RFT ) is a goal pursuit theory formulated by Columbia University psychology professor and researcher E. Tory Higgins regarding peoples ' perceptions in the decision making process .
The Profession is a 2011 thriller novel by Steven Pressfield .
The Dragon Token is a novel written by author Melanie Rawn .
The Fiery Heart is the fourth book in Richelle Mead 's Bloodlines series and was released on November 19 , 2013 .
Sleeping Beauty ( short story ) is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke , first published in Infinity Science Fiction in April 1957 , and later anthologized in Tales from the White Hart .
Kriyakramakari ( Kriyā - kramakarī ) is an elaborate commentary in Sanskrit written by Sankara Variar and Narayana , two astronomer - mathematicians belonging to the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics , on Bhaskara II 's well - known textbook on mathematics Lilavati .
Acorna 's People ( 1999 ) is a fantasy or science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough .
The Mass Psychology of Fascism ( German : Die Massenpsychologie des Faschismus ) is a 1933 book by Wilhelm Reich .
The Rock Jockeys ( later retitled Devil 's Wall ) is the fourth novel in the World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen .
Our Lady of the Flowers ( Notre Dame des Fleurs ) is the debut novel of French writer Jean Genet , first published in 1943 .
A Short History of Progress is a non - fiction book and lecture series by Ronald Wright about societal collapse .
Red Star Over China , a 1937 book by Edgar Snow , is an account of the Communist Party of China written when they were a guerrilla army still obscure to Westerners .
Stopping at Slowyear is a 1991 science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl .
The Pillars of Society ( or `` Pillars of the Community , '' as the RSC has performed it ; original Norwegian title : Samfundets støtter ) is an 1877 play written by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen .
`` Spotted Horses '' is a novella written by William Faulkner and originally published in Scribner 's magazine in 1931 .
Mask and Face of Contemporary Spiritualism ( Maschera e volto dello Spiritualismo Contemporaneo : Analisi critica delle principali correnti moderne verso il sovrasensibile ) is a work by Italian esoteric writer Julius Evola .
The Towers of Silence is the 1971 novel by Paul Scott that continues his Raj Quartet .
The House of Arden is a novel for children , written in 1908 by English author Edith Nesbit .
Days in the History of Silence ( Norwegian : Dager i stillhetens historie ) is a 2011 novel by the Norwegian writer Merethe Lindstrøm .
Following the Equator ( sometimes titled More Tramps Abroad ) is a non - fiction travelogue published by American author Mark Twain in 1897 .
Darkfever is the first novel in the Fever Series written by # 1 New York Times Best Selling American author Karen Marie Moning .
A Tenured Professor ( 1990 ) is a satirical novel by Canadian / American economist and Professor Emeritus at Harvard , John Kenneth Galbraith , about a liberal university teacher who sets out to change American society by making money and then using it for the public good .
Original Stories from Real Life ; with Conversations Calculated to Regulate the Affections , and Form the Mind to Truth and Goodness is the only complete work of children 's literature by the 18th - century English feminist Mary Wollstonecraft .
Created by David Gallaher and Steve Ellis High Moon was part of Zuda 's initial launch in October 2007 .
The Rambler was a periodical ( strictly , a series of short papers ) by Samuel Johnson .
L'allegria ( Joy / Happiness or better , Merriness ) is a collection of poems published by Giuseppe Ungaretti in 1931 .
Aggressor Six ( 1994 ) is one of the earliest works by science fiction writer Wil McCarthy .
Backbone Flute ( Флейта-позвоночник , Fleita - pozvonochnik ) is a poem by Vladimir Mayakovsky written in the autumn of 1915 and first published in December of that year in Vzyal ( Взял , Took ) almanac , heavily censored .
The Midnight Tour is a 1998 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon , originally released by Feature Publishing .
How Europe Underdeveloped Africa is a 1972 book written by Walter Rodney that takes the view that Africa was deliberately exploited and underdeveloped by European colonial regimes .
Carcase for Hounds is a novel by Kenyan writer Meja Mwangi first published in 1974 .
`` The Oval Portrait '' is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe involving the disturbing circumstances surrounding a portrait in a chateau .
Look Back in Anger ( 1956 ) is a play by John Osborne .
The Hammer and the Cross is the first part of a trilogy written by Harry Harrison and John Holm , a pseudonym for the Tolkien scholar Tom Shippey .
Kelroy was published in 1812 by United States writer Rebecca Rush .
Places Where They Sing is Volume VI of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven , published in 1970 .
When We Were Orphans is the fifth novel by the British - Japanese author Kazuo Ishiguro , published in 2000 .
The Beggar Queen ( 1984 ) is a fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander , the concluding book of a series often called the Westmark trilogy .
Land of Marvels is a historical novel by the author Barry Unsworth .
Our Films , Their Films is an anthology of film criticism by noted Bengali filmmaker , composer and writer Satyajit Ray .
Garden of Shadows is a novel by V. C. Andrews and was first published in 1987 .
Aulularia is a Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus .
A Constructive Survey of Upanishadic Philosophy is a book by Ramachandra Dattatrya Ranade , also known as Gurudev Ranade , who was an eminent scholar of the Upanishads who specialised in Greek philosophy and emphasized the centrality of a psychological approach as opposed to a theological approach for the proper understanding of the Ultimate Reality .
When Corporations Rule the World is an anti - globalization book by David Korten .
Viddikalude Swargam ( English : Fool 's Paradise ) is a Malayalam short story collection by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer published in 1948 .
The Strategy Paradox is a business strategy book by author Michael E. Raynor , who is the Distinguished Fellow with Deloitte Research .
The Green Algae of North America is an influential early book on American green algae written by algologist Frank Shipley Collins .
`` Desiderata '' ( Latin : `` desired things '' ) is a 1927 prose poem by American writer Max Ehrmann .
The Silverado Squatters ( 1883 ) is Robert Louis Stevenson 's travel memoir of his two - month honeymoon trip with Fanny Vandegrift ( and her son Lloyd Osbourne ) to Napa Valley , California , in 1880 .
The Enterprise of Death is a historical fantasy novel by Jesse Bullington , published in 2011 .
`` The Fun They Had '' is a science fiction story written by Isaac Asimov .
Motown and Didi is a realistic fiction novel by Walter Dean Myers .
The Trojan War Will Not Take Place ( French : La guerre de Troie n'aura pas lieu ) is a play written in 1935 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux .
An Incident at Krechetovka Station ( Russian : Случай на станции Кречетовка ) is a novella written by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and published in the Soviet literary magazine Novyi Mir ( New World ) in 1963 .
Latter - Day Pamphlets was a series of `` pamphlets '' published by Thomas Carlyle in 1850 , in vehement denunciation of what he believed to be the political , social , and religious imbecilities and injustices of the period .
De ortu et progressu morum , or De ortu et progressu morum atque opinionum ad more pertinentium ( About the origin and progress of customs and of opinions about customs ) , is an essay written in 1740 by Jacopo Stellini .
Dream of Fair to Middling Women is Samuel Beckett 's first novel .
Vlad the Drac Returns ( ISBN 9780583306591 ) is a book by Ann Jungman , and the sequel to Vlad the Drac .
Postmodernism , or , the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism is a 1991 book by Fredric Jameson , in which he offers a critique of modernism and postmodernism from a Marxist perspective .
U.S. Acres ( known as Orson 's Farm outside the United States and on the international version of the former CBS Saturday television series Garfield and Friends ) is a comic strip that originally ran from 1986 to 1989 , created by Jim Davis , author of the popular comic strip Garfield .
The Liveship Traders Trilogy is a trilogy of books by Robin Hobb .
Catch Me When I Fall ( 2005 ) is a psychological thriller by Nicci French , about a woman unknowingly afflicted with bipolar disorder , and how this sets her life on a spiral of self - destruction , as well as pitting her against a shadowy antagonist .
Diary 1954 ( Pol . Dziennik 1954 ) , a book by Leopold Tyrmand containing his notes from the first three months of 1954 .
The Revenge of Dracula is a horror novel by Peter Tremayne ( pseudonym of Peter Berresford Ellis ) .
He Knew He Was Right is an 1869 novel written by Anthony Trollope which describes the failure of a marriage caused by the unreasonable jealousy of a husband exacerbated by the stubbornness of a wilful wife .
The Bad Life ( French : La Mauvaise Vie ) is a 2005 French novel by Frédéric Mitterrand , the Minister of Culture and Communication of France .
Fidel Castro Handbook is a 2006 book by British politician George Galloway .
Miracle Monday is a novel written by Elliot S. Maggin , starring the DC Comics superhero Superman .
The Pigeon ( German : Die Taube ) is a novella by Patrick Süskind about the fictional character Jonathan Noel , a solitary Parisian bank security guard who undergoes an existential crisis when a pigeon roosts in front of his one - room apartment 's door , prohibiting him entrance to his private sanctuary .
The Last Days of Mankind ( German : Die letzten Tage der Menschheit ) is a satirical play by Karl Kraus .
The Art of Computer Programming ( sometimes known by its initials TAOCP ) is a comprehensive monograph written by Donald Knuth that covers many kinds of programming algorithms and their analysis .
The Weir is a play written by Conor McPherson in 1997 .
Through the Arc of the Rain Forest is the first novel published by Japanese - American author Karen Tei Yamashita .
The Eolian Harp is a poem written by Samuel Taylor Coleridge in 1795 and published in his 1796 poetry collection .
Venetian Masque is a 1934 adventure novel written by the Anglo - Italian writer Rafael Sabatini .
Dragon and Liberator is the final book of Timothy Zahn 's Dragonback series .
Piggie Pie is a 1995 children 's picture book by Margie Palatini .
Bagombo Snuff Box is an assortment of short stories written by Kurt Vonnegut published in 1999 .
Light in August is a 1932 novel by the Southern American author William Faulkner .
In the Claws of Brightness ( Filipino : Sa mga Kuko ng Liwanag ) , is a 1986 Tagalog language novel written by Filipino author Edgardo M. Reyes , originally serialized in Liwayway magazine from 1966 to 1967 .
Folklore of Assam is a comprehensive book on Assamese folklore authored by Jogesh Das .
The Long Journey ( Danish : Den Lange Rejse ) is a series of six novels by Danish author and poet Johannes V. Jensen , written between 1908 and 1922 .
The Sand Dwellers is a horror novel of the Cthulhu Mythos by author Adam Niswander .
My 60 Memorable Games is a chess book by Bobby Fischer , first published in 1969 .
Mike 's Election Guide 2008 is a 2008 political book by American filmmaker Michael Moore .
Christ in Rome ( Greek : Ο Χριστός στη Ρώμη ) is the a tragedy by Angelos Sikelianos , written and published in 1946 .
Our Country 's Good is a 1988 play written by British playwright , Timberlake Wertenbaker , adapted from the Thomas Keneally novel The Playmaker .
A Swiftly Tilting Planet ( 1978 ) is a science fiction novel by Madeleine L'Engle , the third book in the Time Quintet .
The Recognitions , published in 1955 , is American author William Gaddis 's first novel .
The Torrents of Spring is a novella written by Ernest Hemingway , published in 1926 .
The Angry Espers is a science - fiction novel written by Lloyd Biggle , Jr. and published by Ace Books as half of Ace Double # D-485 in 1961 .
`` The Jigsaw Man '' is a short story in the Known Space universe by Larry Niven .
The New Policeman is a children 's fantasy novel by Kate Thompson , published by Bodley Head in 2005 .
The Long Valley is a collection of short stories written by the American author John Steinbeck .
The Years is a 1937 novel by Virginia Woolf , the last she published in her lifetime .
`` A Momentary Taste of Being '' is a science fiction novella written by Alice Bradley Sheldon , published under the pseudonym James Tiptree , Jr. in the 1975 anthology , The New Atlantis and Other Novellas of Science Fiction ( also featuring stories by Gene Wolfe and Ursula K. Le Guin ) .
Everyone Worth Knowing is Lauren Weisberger 's second novel .
Fox Evil is a novel by British crime - writer Minette Walters .
Lupo Alberto ( `` Alberto the Wolf '' ) is an Italian comic book series created by Guido Silvestri ( Silver ) in 1974 .
The Deputy , a Christian tragedy ( German : Der Stellvertreter . Ein christliches Trauerspiel ) , also known as The Representative ( although a more accurate translation would be The Vicar ) , is a controversial 1963 play by Rolf Hochhuth which portrayed Pope Pius XII as having failed to take action or speak out against the Holocaust .
Berge Meere und Giganten ( Mountains Seas and Giants ) is a 1924 science fiction novel by German author Alfred Döblin .
`` Kaa 's Hunting '' is an 1893 short story by Rudyard Kipling featuring Mowgli .
Salaam , Paris is a novel written by Kavita Daswani , who is a columnist for Women 's Wear Daily .
Dragon Raja ( Korean:드래곤 라자 ; abbreviated as 드라 ) is the first series of fantasy novels written by Lee Yeongdo , one of the most famous fantasy novelists in South Korea .
The Time Keeper is a work of inspirational fiction by author Mitch Albom .
Me Before You is a romantic novel written by Jojo Moyes .
Lisey 's Story is a novel by Stephen King that combines the elements of psychological horror and romance .
Four Major Plays of Chikamatsu is a collection of four major dramas by the famous Japanese playwright Chikamatsu Monzaemon .
The Pig Who Saved the World is the sequel to The Pig Scrolls , both of which have been written by Paul Shipton .
The Passover Plot is a controversial , best - selling 1965 book , by British biblical scholar Hugh J. Schonfield who also published a translation of the New Testament with a Jewish perspective .
The Death of the Earth ( French : La Mort de la Terre ) is a 1910 Belgian novel by J .- H. Rosny aîné .
Which Moped with Chrome - plated Handlebars at the Back of the Yard ? is a comic novella by Georges Perec .
Triggerfish Twist is the fourth book in Tim Dorsey 's as - yet unnamed series of books which were centered on Serge A. Storms .
Dr. Fell , Detective , and Other Stories , is a mystery short story collection written by John Dickson Carr and first published in the US by Lawrence E. Spivak ( The American Mercury ) in 1947 .
Madame de Sade is a 1965 play written by Yukio Mishima .
The Kingdom of God Is Within You ( Russian : Царство Божие внутри вас ( Tsarstvo Bozhiye vnutri vas ) ) is a non - fiction book written by Leo Tolstoy .
Les amitiés particulières is a 1943 novel by French writer Roger Peyrefitte , probably his best - known work today , which won the prix Renaudot .
The Rome - Berlin Axis is a 1949 book by British historian Elizabeth Wiskemann .
The Book of the Knight of the Tower ( full French title : Livre pour l'enseignement de ses filles du Chevalier de La Tour Landry ) is a book commenced by Geoffroy IV de la Tour Landry in 1371 , and which he continued writing at least until 1372 .
Back of Sunset is a 1959 Australian novel from Jon Cleary .
The Best Christmas Pageant Ever ( titled `` The Worst Kids in the World '' in Australia , New Zealand and the UK ) is a book written by Barbara Robinson in 1971 .
Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation is a book written by psychiatrist Ian Stevenson on the phenomena of what he calls spontaneous recall of information about previous lives by young children .
Iron Council ( 2004 ) is China Miéville 's fourth novel and his third set in the Bas - Lag universe , following Perdido Street Station ( 2000 ) and The Scar ( 2002 ) , although each can be read independently of the others .
Sophistical Refutations ( Greek : Σοφιστικοὶ Ἔλεγχοι ; Latin : De Sophisticis Elenchis ) is a text in Aristotle 's Organon in which he identified thirteen fallacies .
Fact , Fiction , and Forecast is a book by Nelson Goodman in which he explores some problems regarding scientific law and counterfactual conditionals and presents his New Riddle of Induction .
The Firm of Girdlestone is a novel by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
Elliott Smith and the Big Nothing is a biography of musician Elliott Smith by Benjamin Nugent .
Dear Sandra is an artist book created by Atom Egoyan , inspired by and dedicated to the Luchino Visconti film , Vaghe stelle dell'Orsa .
Desh Ka Bhavishya is the second and the final volume of Yashpal 's Jhutha Sach .
Assassination Vacation is a book by Sarah Vowell , published in 2005 , in which she travels around the United States researching the assassinations of U.S. Presidents Abraham Lincoln , William McKinley and James Garfield .
An Episode in the Life of a Landscape Painter by César Aira was first published in 2000 .
The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album is a 1991 book , by Matt Groening , that mimics a family album that the Simpsons television family would have .
The Four Million is the second published collection of short stories by O. Henry originally released in 1906 .
The Last Dream is a collection of fantasy and science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson .
The Moral Animal is a 1994 book by Robert Wright .
In April 2012 , Doc Searls ' book The Intention Economy :
Refugee Boy is a teen novel written by Benjamin Zephaniah .
Kesey 's Garage Sale is a collection of essays written by Ken Kesey .
`` The House of Asterion '' ( original Spanish title : `` La casa de Asterión '' ) is a short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges , first published in Los Anales de Buenos Aires in May 1947 .
The Sign of the Seahorse is a 1992 illustrated children 's book by Graeme Base .
Monday 's Warriors is a 1990 historical novel by New Zealand author Maurice Shadbolt .
Marco 's Millions ( 2001 ) is a science fiction novel by William Sleator .
Nigger Heaven is a 1926 novel written by Carl Van Vechten , set during the Harlem Renaissance in the United States in the 1920s .
Storm Rising is a 1995 fantasty novel by Mercedes Lackey , second in her Mage Storms trilogy .
Brody 's Ghost is a graphic novel , written and drawn by Mark Crilley , and published by Dark Horse Books .
Pirate Latitudes is an action adventure novel by Michael Crichton , concerning 17th century piracy in the Caribbean .
Buffalo Girls is a 1990 novel written by American author Larry McMurtry about Calamity Jane ( Martha Jane Cannary , 1852 - 1903 ) .
Ball Four is a book written by former Major League Baseball pitcher Jim Bouton in 1970 .
Before We Say Goodbye , first published as Prima di Lasciarsi , is a 2004 novel by Gabriella Ambrosio .
Murder at the Margin ( 1978 ) is a whodunnit written by U.S. economists William Breit and Kenneth G. Elzinga using the joint pseudonym Marshall Jevons .
Remember Jack Hoxie is a 1969 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary .
On the Murder of Eratosthenes is a speech by Lysias , one of the `` Canon of Ten '' Attic orators .
Five Star Billionaire is a novel by Tash Aw , published in 2013 .
Micrographia is a historically significant book by Robert Hooke about his observations through various lenses .
The Man of Reason : `` Male '' and `` Female '' in Western Philosophy is a 1984 book by the Australian philosopher Genevieve Lloyd .
A Legend of Montrose is an historical novel by Sir Walter Scott , set in Scotland in the 1640s during the Civil War .
Marvels is a four - issue limited series comic book written by Kurt Busiek , painted by Alex Ross and edited by Marcus McLaurin .
The Mystery of Being ( French : Le Mystère de l'être ) is a two - volume book of existential philosophy by Gabriel Marcel .
Mists of Dawn is a juvenile science fiction novel by science fiction writer and anthropologist Chad Oliver first published in 1952 by John C. Winston , Co. as a part of the Winston Science Fiction series of juvenile novels .
Al Que Quiere ! is a collection of 52 poems by William Carlos Williams , published in 1917 by the Four Seas Company of Boston , Massachusetts .
Autobiography of a Brown Buffalo is the first novel by Oscar Zeta Acosta and it focuses on his own self - discovery in a fictionalized manner .
Home Free ! is a one - act play by American playwright Lanford Wilson .
No Good Duke Goes Unpunished is a historical romance written by Sarah MacLean and published by Avon in 2013 .
Ways of Dying is a 1995 novel by South African novelist and playwright Zakes Mda .
36 Children is a 1967 guide to teaching in impoverished schools , based on the personal experiences of the debut author , Herbert Kohl .
The Boy in the River is a 2012 book by British author and criminologist Richard Hoskins about the ' Adam ' murder case .
The Ashes of Eden is a Star Trek novel co - written by William Shatner , Judith Reeves - Stevens , and Garfield Reeves - Stevens as part of the `` Shatnerverse '' series of novels .
Treason by the Book , by Jonathan Spence , is a historical account of the Zeng Jing ( 曾靜 ) case which took place during the reign of the Yongzheng Emperor of China , around the 1730s .
The Godwulf Manuscript is the debut crime novel by Robert B. Parker
The Toyminator is a novel by the British author Robert Rankin .
Selected from Dark They Were , and Golden - Eyed is a collection that contains the Ray Bradbury short story `` Dark They Were , and Golden - Eyed '' with several essays about the story .
Talents and Admirers ( Talanty y poklonniki , Russian : Таланты и поклонники ) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky premiered on December 20 , 1881 , in Maly Theatre .
The Native Star is a historical fantasy novel , and the first novel from writer M. K. Hobson .
The Soul of a New Machine is a non - fiction book written by Tracy Kidder and published in 1981 .
Minor Morals for Young People is a work of Children 's literature by John Bowring , published in three parts from 1834 to 1839 .
Absolute Midnight is the third book in the New York Times best - selling Abarat series by Clive Barker .
An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States is a 1913 book by American historian Charles A. Beard .
The Mandrake ( Italian : La Mandragola ( la manˈdraːɡola ) ) is a satirical play by Italian Renaissance philosopher Niccolò Machiavelli .
The Sorrow of Belgium ( Dutch : Het verdriet van België ) is a novel by the Belgian author Hugo Claus published in 1983 .
Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy Volume II is an anthology of fantasy novellas , edited by Lin Carter .
Dieter Damerius ( born 17 April 1924 ) was a Leutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Hans Reimling ( 17 January 1918 -- 7 March 1943 ) was an Oberscharführer in the Waffen SS and was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
John Alphonsus Murphy ( February 26 , 1881 -- November 29 , 1935 ) was an American drummer serving in the United States Marine Corps during the Boxer Rebellion who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Rolv Ryssdal was appointed Commander with Star of the Order of St. Olav in 1970 .
Ralph Lee 's work has been acknowledged by several individual awards , including a 2003 Guggenheim Fellowship , a 1996 New York State Governor 's Arts Award , and a 1996 DTW Bessie Award .
Hans Schleef ( 19 July 1920 -- 31 December 1944 ) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . He is one of the two pilots that most probably shot down the famous Soviet female fighter pilot , Lydia Litvyak .
Zhang Jilin ( simplified Chinese : 张继林 ; traditional Chinese : 張繼林 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jìlín ; born June 24 , 1986 ) is a Chinese chess Woman Grandmaster .
Captain James Dalgleish Pollock VC ( 3 June 1890 -- 10 May 1958 ) was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Helge Jordal ( born 17 February 1946 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian actor , appointed a Knight of the Royal Order of St. Olav in 2006 for his long career as an actor on both screen and stage , and his position as a `` grand old man '' among Norwegian actors .
Heinz Ebeling ( 2 January 1918 -- 30 November 1987 ) was a Luftwaffe Staffelkapitän and flying ace during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Henry William Pitcher VC ( 20 December 1841 -- 5 July 1875 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross .
James Henry Mills ( May 2 , 1923 -- November 11 , 1973 ) was the only Polk County , Florida native to receive the Medal of Honor in World War II . He joined the Army from his birth city in September 1943 .
Mrunalini Kunte ( Marathi : मृणालिनी कुंटे ) ( born 1973 ) is an Indian chess player and a Woman International Master .
Ambrose Kiapseni was awarded the title of Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George for services to the Roman Catholic Church as the Bishop of Kavieng in June 2009 .
Blitzcat is a 1989 novel by Robert Westall , and recipient of the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize .
Duncan Millar VC also known as Miller ( 19 June 1824 -- 7 July 1881 ) was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Anna Zatonskih ( Ukrainian : Ганна Затонських ; born Mariupol , July 17 , 1978 ) is a Ukrainian - born American chess player who holds the titles of International Master ( IM ) and Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) .
Mrinalini Sarabhai has been awarded by the Indian government with the national civilian awards Padma Bhushan in 1992 and the Padma Shri in 1965 .
The Jimi Hendrix Experience was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1992 and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005 .
Ashot Nadanian ( sometimes transliterated as Nadanyan ; Armenian : Աշոտ Նադանյան ; born September 19 , 1972 ) is an Armenian chess International Master ( 1997 ) , chess theoretician and chess coach .
On April 20 , 2009 , the Las Vegas Sun was awarded a Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for coverage of the high death rate of construction workers on the Las Vegas Strip amid lax enforcement of regulations .
Katherine Esau ( 3 April 1898 -- 4 June 1997 ) was a German - American botanist who received the National Medal of Science for her work on plant anatomy .
Curtis F. Shoup ( January 11 , 1921 -- January 7 , 1945 ) received the Medal of Honor for acts of bravery near Tillet in Belgium ( now a deelgemeente of Sainte - Ode ) on January 7 , 1945 .
Lilit Mkrtchian ( Armenian : Լիլիթ Մկրտչյան ; born 9 August 1982 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian chess player , who holds the FIDE titles of International Master ( IM ) and Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) , and four - time Armenian women 's chess champion .
Bernhard Klosterkemper ( 17 April 1897 -- 19 July 1962 ) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II , a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
On September 29 , 2011 , Ina May Gaskin was announced as a co - winner of the 2011 Right Livelihood Award .
Vasily Degtyaryov was awarded the USSR 's State Stalin Prize in 1941 , 1942 , 1944 , and 1949 ( posthumously ) .
Gayle Reaves is an American journalist who won a Pulitzer Prize and a George Polk Award .
Priyamani gained widespread recognition for her role as village girl Muththazhagu in the Tamil film Paruthiveeran in 2007 , receiving National Film Award for Best Actress and Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress for her performance .
16 November 1943 - Flight Lieutenant Anthony Norman Davis ( 43544 ) of No . 16 Squadron is awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross ( DFC ) .
Helmut Ringler ( 4 October 1915 -- 22 June 1962 ) was a decorated leutnant in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
In 1818 Bernard Seurre won the Prix de Rome for sculpture with a relief on the subject Chilonis imploring mercy for her husband Cleombrotus He then produced sculptures for the Arc de Triomphe between 1833 and 1836 and produced a design for a sculpture on top of it in 1833 ( though this was never realized ) .
Russell Alan Hulse ( born November 28 , 1950 ) is an American physicist and winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics , shared with his thesis advisor Joseph Hooton Taylor Jr. , `` for the discovery of a new type of pulsar , a discovery that has opened up new possibilities for the study of gravitation '' .
On 26 May 2009 , it was pronounced at an arrangement at the Ibsen Museum in Oslo by the leader of the committee , actress Liv Ullmann , that Ariane Mnouchkine was this year 's winner of the International Ibsen Award .
Vesna Mišanović ( born 27 November 1964 in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster .
Behroze Sabzwari received the Pride of Performance on 23 March 2009 for his services to the Pakistani television industry for more than 40 years .
Thorbjørn Egner received the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1972 and Cappelen Prize in 1979 .
Once described as the `` classiest male weepie ever filmed '' , Family Diary is an exemplary adaptation of the semi - autobiographical Vasco Pratolini novel Two Brothers , and won Zurlini a shared Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival .
Harry Sacksioni was made a Knight of the Order of Orange - Nassau , decorated by Klaas Tammes , mayor of the municipality of Buren , during a concert in the Agnietenhof in Tiel on 9 May 2009 .
Erdmann Gabriel ( 7 November 1911 -- 28 January 1996 ) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Mark Frye ( born 1957 ) is a two - time Emmy Award winning musician and composer .
Dagur Arngrímsson ( born 14 January 1987 ) is an Icelandic chess International Master .
Vinay Bhat ( born June 4 , 1984 ) is an American chess Grandmaster .
The Reverend and Learned Thomas Crofts FRS FSA ( 1722 -- 8 November 1781 ) was a British bibliophile , Anglican priest , Fellow of the Royal Society and European traveller .
Ermil Gheorghiu ( 13 February 1896 , Botoșani - 14 January 1977 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian Major General , commander of the Romanian Air Force during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
George Jacob Richards ( April 12 , 1891 - October 1 , 1984 ) was an American Major General who was a recipient of the Distinguished Service Medal and Legion of Merit during World War II . He was buried in Arlington National Cemetery .
Klaus Wenke ( 24 March 1916 -- 1 November 1944 ) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant zur See of the Reserves in the Kriegsmarine during World War II . He was also a posthumous recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Antoine Joux ( born 1967 ) is a French cryptographer , one of the three 2013 Gödel Prize laureates . , specifically cited for his paper A one round protocol for tripartite Diffie - Hellman .
Varsha Adalja , ( Hindi : वर्षा अदालजा Gujarati : વર્ષા અડાલજા ; born April 10 , 1940 in Mumbai ) , full name Varsha Mahendra Adalja , is a Gujarati feminist novelist , playwright and negotiator who won the 1995 Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati language for her novel Ansar .
Monica Seles ( Hungarian : Szeles Mónika , Serbian : Моника Селеш , Monika Seleš , pronounced ( ˈsɛlɛʃ ) , born December 2 , 1973 ) is a former Yugoslav world no . 1 professional tennis player and a member of the International Tennis Hall of Fame .
Ellen Weiss ( born January 30 , 1959 ) is a journalist and four - time Peabody Award winner .
Albert Brunner ( 17 July 1918 -- 7 May 1943 ) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . Brunner claimed 53 aerial victories , all over the Eastern Front .
Popeye the Sailor Meets Sindbad the Sailor has been deemed `` culturally significant '' by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry .
Vyacheslav Koloskov was awarded by Order of the Badge of Honor ( 1980 ) , Order of Friendship of Peoples ( 1989 ) , Order of Merit for the Fatherland ( 1996 ) .
Alisa Marić , PhD ( Serbian Cyrillic : Алиса Марић , pronounced ( alǐsa mǎːritɕ ) ; born January 10 , 1970 ) is a Serbian chess player , who holds the FIDE titles of Woman Grandmaster and International Master .
A City of Sadness was the first Taiwanese film to win the Golden Lion award at the Venice Film Festival .
Zhang Zongxun 's son , Zhang Youxia , is a veteran of the 1979 Sino - Vietnamese War , and a top general of the PLA .
The Bibliotheca ( Library ) of Pseudo - Apollodorus states that Hecuba had a son named Troilus with the god Apollo .
The modern scholars are divided in opinion regarding the immediate successor of Kumaragupta I. While some scholars opine that he was succeeded by his son Skandagupta , other scholars contend that he was succeeded by his other son , Purugupta .
Iltutmish 's son Nasiruddin Mahmud , Governor of Awadh was tasked with dealing with Bengal .
Methuselah was the son of Enoch , the father of Lamech , and the grandfather of Noah .
Ereleuva ( born before AD 440 , died c. 500 ? ) was the mother of the Ostrogothic king Theoderic the Great .
They had six children including Adelbert Ames Jr. and Butler Ames .
The vizier Babaef II was probably a son of Duaenre .
Gianfrancesco I Pico ( died 8 november 1467 ) was an Italian condottiero and nobleman , the father to philosopher Giovanni Pico della Mirandola .
Tokiwa Gozen ( 常盤御前 ) ( 1138 -- c. 1180 ) , or Lady Tokiwa , was a Japanese noblewoman of the late Heian period and mother of the great samurai general Minamoto no Yoshitsune .
Akbar then fored the Subahs of Ahmadnagar , Berar and Khandesh under Prince Daniyal .
He is the father of engraver Théo Schmied , who directed François - Louis Schmied 's workshop beginning in 1924 .
Inga of Varteig ( Inga fra Varteig ) ( c.1185 --1234 ) was the mistress of King Haakon III of Norway and the mother of King Haakon IV of Norway .
Rhea Kohan ( née Arnold ) is an American novelist , wife of Emmy award - winning writer , producer , and composer , Buz Kohan , and mother of twins Jono and David , and Jenji Kohan .
Cao Cao was an accomplished poet , as were his sons Cao Pi and Cao Zhi .
Aelia Galla Placidia ( 388 -- 27 November 450 ) , daughter of the Roman Emperor Theodosius I , was the Regent for Emperor Valentinian III from 423 until his majority in 437 , and a major force in Roman politics for most of her life .
Gorm and Thyra were the parents of King Harald Bluetooth .
Illyrian women led armies in battle , a skill that Audata taught her only child , her daughter Cynane .
Charles Rohault de Fleury was born in Paris on 22 September 1801 , son of the architect Charles Hubert Rohault de Fleury ( 1777 - -1846 ) .
Hodoedocus was the father of Oileus by Agrianome , daughter of Perseon , and of Calliarus by Laonome .
Li Siyuan subsequently , believing the rumors of Li Renfu 's secret communications with Khitan Empire , tried to move Li Renfu 's son and successor Li Yichao to nearby Zhangwu Circuit ( 彰武 , headquartered in modern Yan'an , Shaanxi ) while moving Zhangwu 's military governor An Congjin to Dingnan .
Marie Jean Pierre Flourens ( 13 April 1794 -- 6 December 1867 ) , father of Gustave Flourens , was a French physiologist , the founder of experimental brain science and a pioneer in anesthesia .
The Shelleys left Britain in 1818 for Italy , where their second and third children died before Mary Shelley gave birth to her last and only surviving child , Percy Florence Shelley .
John Dickens ( 21 August 1785 -- 31 March 1851 ) was the father of English novelist Charles Dickens and was the model for Mr Micawber in his son 's semi - autobiographical novel David Copperfield .
He was the grandfather of American lyricist Oscar Hammerstein II and the father of theater manager William Hammerstein and American producer Arthur Hammerstein
Choi Moo - ryong ( February 25 , 1928 -- November 11 , 1999 ) was South Korean actor , producer , and director who is father of Choi Min - soo
Sir James Rushout , 2nd Baronet Sir John Rushout , 4th Baronet Elizabeth , who married firstly Sir George Thorold , 1st Baronet , and secondly George Compton , 4th Earl of Northampton .
In a sharply contrasting narrative from around 950 , the Byzantine Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus states that instead of Álmos , his son Árpád was the first supreme head of the Hungarian tribes , and that Árpád 's election was initiated by the Khazar khagan .
Helga Molander , born as Ruth Werner on 19 March 1896 in Königshütte , Silesia , Germany ( present - day Chorzów , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland ) , died in 1986 , was a German actress and mother of Hans Eysenck .
In 930 , Yang Pu created his oldest son Yang Lian , whom he had previously created the Prince of Jiangdu , crown prince .
Margareta Slots or Margareta Cabiljau ( died 1669 ) was the royal mistress of king Gustav II Adolf of Sweden and the mother of Gustav of Vasaborg .
Anne Caroline Salisbury ( 1805 -- 3 May 1881 ) was the wife of Edwyn Burnaby , and mother of Edwyn Sherard Burnaby and Caroline Louisa Burnaby .
Captain Harry Gosford Reeves ( 30 September 1896 -- 24 January 1918 ) was a British World War I flying ace credited with 13 aerial victories while flying various models of Nieuport aircraft .
Group Captain Frederick Sowrey , DSO , MC , AFC ( 25 July 1893 -- 21 October 1968 ) was a British officer began his career as a World War I flying ace credited with thirteen aerial victories .
Tenente Silvio Scaroni ( 12 May 1893 -- 16 February 1977 ) was an Italian World War I fighter pilot credited with 26 victories .
Kenneth Cecil Bunch ( 21 January 1919 -- 6 June 1942 ) was a United States Naval Aviator , who was posthumously awarded the Air Medal for his actions during the Battle of Midway .
Rudolf Trenkel ( 17 January 1918 -- 26 April 2001 ) was a German World War II Luftwaffe 138 victories Flying ace and recipient of the coveted Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Louis Wardlaw Miles ( March 23 , 1873 - June 26 , 1944 ) , was a World War I Medal of Honor recipient .
Alfons König ( 29 December 1898 -- 8 July 1944 ) was a German officer in the infantry , serving during World War II and a recipient of the coveted Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords .
Corporal George Ferrari ( 1845 -- unknown ) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 8th U.S. Cavalry during the Apache Wars .
Vizefeldwebel Friedrich Ehmann was a German World War I flying ace credited with eight confirmed aerial victories .
Captain Frederick Dudley Travers was an English World War I flying ace credited with nine aerial victories .
Zeta Boötis ( ζ Boo , ζ Boötis ) is a binary star system in the constellation of Boötes that consists of two giant stars with matching stellar classifications of A2III .
Omega Boötis ( ω Boo , ω Boötis ) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Boötes .
NGC 4567 and NGC 4568 ( nicknamed the Siamese Twins or the Butterfly Galaxies ) are a set of spiral galaxies about 60 million light - years away in the constellation Virgo .
Epsilon Scorpii ( ε Sco , ε Scorpii ) is a star in the southern zodiac constellation of Scorpius .
Beta Scuti ( β Sct , β Scuti ) is a star in the constellation Scutum .
NGC 2360 , also known as Caroline 's Cluster , is an open cluster in the constellation Canis Major .
7 Cancri ( 7 Cnc ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
Gliese 176 is a red dwarf in the constellation of Taurus .
IC 289 is a planetary nebula in the constellation Cassiopeia which looks pretty and small with aperture instruments .
HD 28185 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 138 light - years away from Earth in the constellation of Eridanus .
Huggler Peak ( 79 ° 7′S 84 ° 41′W ) is a sharp snow - covered peak , 1,580 metres ( 5,180 ft ) high , in the northern part of Anderson Massif , in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Gorki Ridge ( 71 ° 37′S 11 ° 37′E ) is a ridge about 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) long forming the east wall of Schussel Cirque in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Musala Glacier ( Lednik Musala \'led - nik mu - sa-'la\ ) on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica is situated northeast of Targovishte Glacier , east - northeast of Zheravna Glacier and southeast of Fuerza Aérea Glacier .
Gaussberg ( or Mount Gauss ) is an extinct volcanic cone , 370 metres ( 1,214 ft ) high , fronting on Davis Sea immediately west of the Posadowsky Glacier in Kaiser Wilhelm II Land in Antarctica .
Mount VX-6 ( 72 ° 38′S 162 ° 12′E ) is a distinctive , sharp mountain , 2,185 metres ( 7,169 ft ) , standing 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ) north of Minaret Nunatak in the Monument Nunataks in Victoria Land , East Antarctica .
Kichenside Glacier ( 67 ° 46′S 47 ° 36′E ) is a glacier , 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) long and 3 to 5 nautical miles ( 6 to 9 km ) wide , flowing northeast into the southern part of the Hannan Ice Shelf on the coast of Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Strawberry Cirque is a semi - circular glacial cirque in Antarctica , 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) wide , at the south end of Macdonald Bluffs in Miller Range .
Mount Monique is a mountain , about 600 m high , with a prominent rocky north face and ice - covered south slopes , at the western end of the Marion Nunataks on the north coast of Charcot Island in the east Bellinghausen Sea of Antarctica .
Dusky Ridge ( 80 ° 5′S 157 ° 2′E ) is an ice - free rock ridge , 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) long and 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) wide , between Lieske Glacier and Hinton Glacier in the Britannia Range , Antarctica .
Boulder Rock ( 71 ° 19′S 170 ° 13′E ) is a large rock lying along the west side of Adare Peninsula , immediately south of Ridley Beach , in northern Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Churchill Mountains is a mountain range bordering the western side of the Ross Ice Shelf between Byrd Glacier and Nimrod Glacier in Antarctica .
Article III.1.c of the Antarctic Treaty states that `` to the greatest extent feasible and practicable '' ... `` scientific observations and results from Antarctica shall be exchanged and made freely available '' The Australian Antarctic Data Centre participates in the WorldWideScience global science gateway .
Fenton Glacier is a glacier that drains south into Mosby Glacier just east of Mount Adkins in Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Mercik Peak is a conspicuous peak , 1,425 metres ( 4,675 ft ) high , located 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) northeast of Mount Wells , on the ridge descending from the latter , in the Prince Olav Mountains of Antarctica .
Marla Glacier ( Bulgarian : ледник Марла , `` Lednik Marla '' \'led - nik ' mar - la\ ) is the 14 km long and 1.5 km wide glacier on the northeast side of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica , situated south of Aitkenhead Glacier and north of Diplock Glacier .
Levko Glacier ( 72 ° 25′S 96 ° 2′W ) is a glacier flowing from Pallid Crest to the eastern end of Thurston Island , Antarctica .
`` Stanton Hills , Antarctica '' .
Siegfried Peak is a peak that forms a saddle with Siegmund Peak immediately southward , standing at the east side of the entrance to Odin Valley in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , in Antarctica .
Lacroix Glacier ( 77 ° 40′S 162 ° 33′E ) is a glacier between Suess Glacier and Matterhorn Glacier , which flows southeast into Taylor Valley in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Elfring Peak ( 78 ° 35′S 84 ° 58′W ) is a peak in Antarctica rising to 2,600 metres ( 8,500 ft ) between the lower part of Della Pia Glacier and Aster Glacier , where the two glaciers enter Thomas Glacier on the east side of the Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains .
Mount Holdsworth ( 72 ° 8′S 166 ° 35′E ) is a granite peak , 2,360 metres ( 7,740 ft ) high , in the eastern part of the Monteath Hills , in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Garvan Point ( Bulgarian : нос Гарван , `` Nos Garvan '' \'nos ' gar - van\ ) is the point forming the east side of the entrance to Retizhe Cove on the south coast of Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Mount Montreuil ( 73 ° 4′S 166 ° 11′E ) is a mountain , 2,680 metres ( 8,800 ft ) high , along the north side of Gair Glacier 8.5 nautical miles ( 16 km ) east of Mount Supernal , in the Mountaineer Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Yukon River is a major watercourse of northwestern North America .
Indicator Island ( 65 ° 15′S 64 ° 16′W ) is an island 0.16 km ( 0.1 mi ) long , lying 0.16 km ( 0.1 mi ) west of the northwest end of Galindez Island in the Argentine Islands , Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Icenhower Ridge ( 80 ° 13′S 158 ° 25′E ) is a broad , mainly ice - covered ridge that rises to over 1,600 metres ( 5,200 ft ) between Yancey Glacier and Sennet Glacier in the Britannia Range , Antarctica .
Edwards Gap ( 71 ° 15′S 70 ° 20′W ) is a pass at about 500 metres ( 1,600 ft ) through the Walton Mountains , southward of Mount McArthur , on Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Kråsen Crevasse Field ( 71 ° 48′S 0 ° 58′W ) is a crevasse field about 15 nautical miles ( 30 km ) long in the lower part of Jutulstraumen Glacier , in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Kemp Coast is that portion of the coast of Antarctica that lies between the head of Edward VIII Bay , at 56 ° 25′E , and William Scoresby Bay , at 59 ° 34′E. It is named for a British sealing captain , Peter Kemp , who discovered land in this vicinity in 1833 .
Portal Mountain is a large mountain in Antarctica .
Half - ration Névé ( 73 ° 1′S 163 ° 30′E ) is a large névé at the head of Aviator Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Hughes Bluff is a conspicuous rock and ice bluff , 310 metres ( 1,020 ft ) high , along the south side of David Glacier , 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) west of Cape Reynolds , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Alexandra Mountains ( 77 ° 25′S 153 ° 30′W ) is a group of low , separated mountains in the north portion of Edward VII Peninsula , just southwest of Sulzberger Bay in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
The Founders Peaks are a cluster of sharp peaks and ridges located just east of Founders Escarpment and between Minnesota Glacier and Gowan Glacier , in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Unger Island is a small , ice - free island of Antarctica .
Cape Vostok ( 69 ° 7′S 72 ° 10′W ) is a rocky headland which forms the west extremity of the Havre Mountains and the northwest extremity of Alexander Island in Antarctica .
Flint Glacier ( 67 ° 20′S 65 ° 25′W ) is a glacier which flows south into Whirlwind Inlet between Demorest Glacier and Cape Northrop , on the east coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Brockton Station ( 80 ° 01′S 178 ° 02′W ) was an American research ( weather ) station in Antarctica .
The Melville Highlands ( 60 ° 44′S 44 ° 36′W ) are an ice - covered upland rising to about 500 metres ( 1,600 ft ) and forming the central part of Laurie Island between Pirie Peninsula and the south coast , in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica .
Locator Island ( 65 ° 11′S 64 ° 30′W ) is the highest of the Roca Islands , lying 0.2 nautical miles ( 0.4 km ) north of the largest island in the group , in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Jaeger Table ( 82 ° 36′S 52 ° 30′W ) is the ice - covered summit plateau of Dufek Massif , in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica , rising to 2,030 metres ( 6,660 ft ) at Worcester Summit .
Hodges Point ( 67 ° 21′S 65 ° 3′W ) is a rocky point terminating in an impressive black cliff , lying 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) east - northeast of Cape Northrop on the east coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Meares Cliff ( 71 ° 12′S 168 ° 25′E ) is an angular coastal cliff that rises to 600 metres ( 2,000 ft ) , located 5.5 nautical miles ( 10 km ) west - northwest of Nelson Cliff along the north coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Acosta Glacier ( 71 ° 58′S 100 ° 55′W ) is a glacier about 2 miles ( 3 km ) long flowing north from Thurstoan Island just east of Dyer Point in Antarctica .
Maigetter Peak ( 76 ° 27′S 146 ° 29′W ) is a rock peak , the northernmost of the Birchall Peaks , on the south shore of Block Bay in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
D'Urville Sea is a sea of the Southern Ocean , north of the coast of Adélie Land , East Antarctica .
Omega Nunatak ( 81 ° 55′S 29 ° 12′W ) is an isolated , flat - topped nunatak 21 nautical miles ( 39 km ) south - southwest of the Whichaway Nunataks , Coats Land , Antarctica .
In the 19th century , the area began to industrialize , and Wallonia was the first fully industrialized area in continental Europe .
The Great Rift Valley is a name given to the continuous geographic trench , approximately 6,000 kilometres ( 3,700 mi ) in length , that runs from Lebanon 's Beqaa Valley in Asia to Mozambique in South Eastern Africa .
Amanda Bay , also sometimes known as Hovde Cove , lies in southern Prydz Bay on the Ingrid Christensen Coast of Princess Elizabeth Land , East Antarctica .
Armadillo Hill ( 68 ° 7′S 66 ° 22′W ) is an ice - covered hill in Antarctica which rises to 1,760 metres ( 5,770 ft ) and projects 120 metres ( 400 ft ) above the surrounding ice sheet .
Miller Crag ( 73 ° 40′S 94 ° 42′W ) is a bold and conspicuous outcropping of bare rock 1,450 metres ( 4,760 ft ) high , standing 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west - southwest of Sutley Peak in the western extremity of the Jones Mountains in Antarctica .
Kerick Col ( 64 ° 5′S 58 ° 24′W ) is a col running north -- south at 150 metres ( 500 ft ) between Gin Cove and Rum Cove , in the western part of James Ross Island , Antarctica .
The Andean Community and Mercosur comprise the two main trading blocs of South America .
Mount Lied ( 70 ° 30′S 65 ° 33′E ) is a prominent pyramidal peak about 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) east - northeast of Mount Mervyn in the Porthos Range of the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Nevlya Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Невля , `` Vrah Nevlya '' \'vr&h ' ne - vlya\ ) is an ice - covered peak rising to 390 m in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mali ( i/ˈmɑːli/ ; French : ( maˈli ) ) , officially the Republic of Mali ( French : République du Mali ) , is a landlocked country in West Africa .
Toadstool Rocks ( 68 ° 50′S 69 ° 25′W ) are a group of insular , ice - covered rocks that rise to about 250 cm above sea level in the southwest part of Marguerite Bay , east - southeast of Terminal Island , lying off the northeast coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Hop Island is one of the largest of the Rauer Islands , Antarctica , about 6 kilometres ( 3 nmi ) long , lying 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) west - southwest of Filla Island .
Mount Hofmann ( 82 ° 40′S 160 ° 36′E ) is a snow - covered mountain , 2,000 metres ( 6,600 ft ) high , between the mouths of Hamilton Glacier and Heilman Glacier in the northern part of the Queen Elizabeth Range , Antarctica .
Tesore Hill is a hill rising to about 160 m on the east side of Spath Peninsula , Snow Hill Island , Graham Land , Antarctica .
Khmara Island is a small island lying 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) south of Haswell Island , Queen Mary Coast , Antarctica .
Tsepina Cove ( Bulgarian : залив Цепина , `` Zaliv Tsepina '' \'za - liv ' tse - pi - na\ ) is the 1 km wide cove indenting for 850 m the east coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Fraser Point is a point between Marr Bay and Mackintosh Cove on the north coast of Laurie Island , in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
Baker Nunatak is a nunatak standing 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) northwest of Mount Brecher in the northern Wisconsin Range of the Horlick Mountains of Antarctica .
Passy Peak ( Vrah Passy \'vr&h pa-'si\ ) is a peak of elevation 510 m in Vidin Heights on Varna Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mount Martine is a massive mountain , about 800 metres ( 2,600 ft ) high , with a prominent rocky north face and ice - covered south slopes , overlooking the north shore of Charcot Island , south of Cheesman Island , in the east Bellinghausen Sea of Antarctica .
McDonald Point ( 67 ° 21′S 59 ° 40′E ) is a point marking the western end of Islay , an island in William Scoresby Archipelago , Antarctica .
Mount Ayres ( 79 ° 20′S 156 ° 28′E ) is a prominent mountain , 2,500 metres ( 8,200 ft ) high , lying 10 miles ( 16 km ) south of the west end of the Finger Ridges in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica .
House Nunatak ( 74 ° 56′S 72 ° 57′W ) is one of the Grossman Nunataks in Palmer Land , Antarctica , located 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) southeast of Whitmill Nunatak .
The Ross Sea is a deep bay of the Southern Ocean in Antarctica , between Victoria Land and Marie Byrd Land .
Finsterwalder Glacier ( 67 ° 19′S 66 ° 20′W ) is a glacier , 2 miles ( 3 km ) wide and 10 miles ( 16 km ) long , flowing southwest from the central plateau of Graham Land , Antarctica , toward the head of Lallemand Fjord .
Henfield Rock is an offshore rock lying northwest of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Stonethrow Ridge is a snow - covered ridge rising west of Primero de Mayo Bay , Deception Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Reade Peak ( 65 ° 6′S 63 ° 29′W ) is a peak , 1,060 m , rising 1 mile south of Sonia Point and Flandres Bay , on the northeast coast of Kiev Peninsula , Graham Land , Antarctica .
Husky Pass ( 71 ° 40′S 163 ° 34′E ) is a pass between the Lanterman Range and Molar Massif in the Bowers Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica , located at the head of Sledgers Glacier and an unnamed tributary , leading to Leap Year Glacier .
Xenia Hill is the rocky hill rising to 96 m in the northeast extremity of Half Moon Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and surmounting McFarlane Strait to the north and east , and Menguante Cove to the south - southeast .
Petersen Bank ( 65 ° 45′S 109 ° 55′E ) is a submarine bank in the Mawson Sea extending north - northwest from the coast of Antarctica , just west of Balaena Islands .
Pfrogner Point is an ice - covered point on the northwest extension of Fletcher Peninsula in Antarctica ; it is partially encompassed by the Abbot Ice Shelf .
The Mountain of Israeli - Palestinian Friendship is a 2,770-metre ( 9,090 ft ) peak near the Bruce plateau in Antarctica .
Cape Adare is the north - easternmost peninsula in Victoria Land , East Antarctica .
The Svea Research Station is a Swedish research facility in Antarctica , established in 1987/1988 .
Waitabit Cliffs ( 71 ° 31′S 68 ° 14′W ) is a line of sedimentary cliffs on the east coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica , which faces east onto George VI Sound and extends 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) north from the mouth of Mercury Glacier .
Helm Point ( 72 ° 11′S 170 ° 0′E ) is a point which marks the southeast tip of Honeycomb Ridge on the west side of Moubray Bay , Antarctica .
Mount Cherry - Garrard ( 71 ° 18′S 168 ° 41′E ) is a peak at the seaward end of the divide between Simpson Glacier and Fendley Glacier , on the north coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Horton Ledge ( 85 ° 41′S 69 ° 5′W ) is a flat rock ledge that caps the southwestern extremity of Pecora Escarpment , at the southwest end of the Pensacola Mountains in Antarctica .
Mount Hennessey is a mountain 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) north of Mount Tukotok in the Salamander Range of the Freyberg Mountains in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Jotunheim Valley ( 77 ° 37′S 161 ° 14′E ) is a high , mainly ice - free valley to the east of Wolak Peak and Utgard Peak in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Cape Kinsey ( 69 ° 19′S 158 ° 48′E ) is an ice - covered cape at the east side of Davies Bay , Antarctica .
Maritsa Peak ( Vrah Maritsa \'vr&h ma-'ri - tsa\ ) rises to 560 m in eastern Bowles Ridge on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Fierro Point is a point projecting 400 m into the south part of Discovery Bay from Parvomay Neck , Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mount Havener ( 78 ° 27′S 84 ° 37′W ) is a mountain rising to 2,800 metres ( 9,200 ft ) directly at the head of Guerrero Glacier , in the Doyran Heights of the Sentinel Range , in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica .
Maish Nunatak ( 74 ° 36′S 99 ° 28′W ) is a nunatak located 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) west - southwest of Mount Moses , in the central part of the Hudson Mountains of Antarctica .
Ferrar Glacier is a glacier in Antarctica .
Kabuto Rock ( 68 ° 3′S 43 ° 36′E ) is a large , blunt rock projecting from the coast about midway between Chijire Glacier and Rakuda Glacier in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Henry Mesa ( 79 ° 5′S 159 ° 4′E ) is a distinctive wedge - shaped mesa 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) in extent , standing 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) south of Mulock Glacier on the west side of Heap Glacier , Antarctica .
Howchin Lake is a lake , one of several in the Alph River system , located 1.1 nautical miles ( 2 km ) southeast of the snout of Howchin Glacier in the Denton Hills , Scott Coast , Antarctica .
Prior Island ( 75 ° 41′S 162 ° 52′E ) is an island 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) long , lying just east of Lamplugh Island , off the coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount McIntyre ( 87 ° 17′S 153 ° 0′W ) is a rocky , flat , projecting - type mountain that forms the northeastern extremity of D'Angelo Bluff in Antarctica .
Isingsalen Saddle ( 72 ° 20′S 1 ° 2′E ) is an ice saddle between Isingen Mountain and Salknappen Peak in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Malishka ( Armenian : Մալիշկա ) , is a major village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia .
Vailele is a village situated on the central north coast of Upolu island in Samoa .
Kathipara Junction is an important road junction in Chennai , India .
Väderöarna ( or the Weather Islands ) is an archipelago in Western Sweden , near Hamburgsund .
Deh Nadam ( Persian : ده ندام‎ , also Romanized as Deh Nadām ; also known as Kalāb - e Nāzīl ) is a village in Nazil Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Nowy Przeradz ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈpʂɛrat͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mistrzowice ( mistʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Vilnius Heat Plant or Vilnius Power Plant-2 is a power plant in Vilnius , Lithuania .
Col du Glandon ( 1,924 m ( 6,312 ft ) ) is a high mountain pass in the Dauphiné Alps in Savoie , France , linking Le Bourg - d'Oisans to La Chambre .
Bidestaneh ( Persian : بيدستانه‎ , also Romanized as Bīdestāneh ) is a village in Silakhor - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sitawka ( ɕiˈtafka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kyaikto ( Burmese : ကျိုက်ထိုမြို့ ; Mon : ကျာ်ထဝ် ) is a town in the Mon State of south - east Myanmar .
Baloch Goth ( Urdu : بلوچ گوٹھ ‎ ) is a neighbourhood of Orangi Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Majscowa ( mai̯sˈt͡sɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Bundeseisenbahnvermögen ( BEV ) is a special authority of the Federal Republic of Germany .
Sanya Railway Station is the station of the Hainan Eastern Ring High - Speed Railway and the Hainan Western Ring Railway in Hainan Island of the People 's Republic of China .
Glinik Średni ( ˈɡlʲiɲik ˈɕrɛdɲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frysztak , within Strzyżów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Niedarczów Górny - Wieś ( ɲɛˈdart͡ʂuf ˈɡurnɨ ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Kambove mines are a group of active or abandoned copper mines near Kambove in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Reuland ( Luxembourgish : Reiland ) is a village in the commune of Heffingen , in central Luxembourg .
Dún na Rí Forest Park is a forest park is situated on the County Cavan - County Monaghan border , in Ireland .
Losap is an atoll located in the Eastern Islands or Upper Mortlock Islands group in the state of Chuuk in the Federated States of Micronesia .
Baruun - Urt ( Mongolian : Баруун-Урт ; ᠪᠠᠷᠠᠭᠤᠨ ᠤᠷᠲᠤ , west - long ) is a town in eastern Mongolia and the capital of Sükhbaatar Province .
The Portuguese Air Force ( Portuguese : Força Aérea Portuguesa ) is the air force of Portugal .
Aripra is a place in India located between the villages of Mankada and Tirurkkad , in Malappuram district , Kerala .
Spokojne ( spɔˈkɔi̯nɛ ) ( German Friedenshof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Lake Cuitzeo(Spanish ( kwitse'o ) ) is a lake in central part of Mexico , in the Michoacán State .
Valiji Mahalleh ( Persian : وليجي محله‎ , also Romanized as Valījī Maḩalleh ; also known as Valajī Maḩalleh ) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Waitakere Railway Station was the terminus of the Western Line of the Auckland suburban network in New Zealand , on the North Auckland Line .
Darz ( Persian : درز‎ ; also known as Darz Sāyeh Bān and Darz va Sāyeh Bān ) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hohe Gaisl ( Croda Rossa d'Ampezzo in Italian ) , ( 3,146 m ) is a mountain in the northern Dolomites , on the border of South Tyrol and Veneto , in northern Italy , located between the Braies Valley and the Val di Landro .
Tomačevica ( pronounced ( tɔˈmaːtʃɛʋitsa ) ) is a village east of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Valle Nevado ( Snowy Valley in the Spanish language ) is a ski resort located on the El Plomo foothills in the Andes Mountains , at 46 km to the east of Santiago , the capital of Chile .
Benalmádena is a town in Andalusia in southern Spain , 12 kilometers west of Málaga , on the Costa del Sol between Torremolinos and Fuengirola .
Güstrow ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡʏstʁo ) , Latin Gustrovium ) is a town in Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany .
Tomb KV61 is an unused tomb discovered in Egypt 's Valley of the Kings .
Pristavlja Vas ( pronounced ( pɾiˈstaːwlja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Pristavlja vas ) is a small settlement west of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Tazehabad - e Tefli ( Persian : تازه آباد تفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Teflī ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Kusalan Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Petzenkirchen is a market town in the district of Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Workington North railway station was a temporary railway station in Cumbria , United Kingdom , constructed following floods which cut all road access to Workington town centre from north of the River Derwent .
Këlcyrë is a town and a municipality in southern Albania , located on the bank of the river Vjosë .
Chepes Airport ( ICAO : SACP ) is a public use airport located 1 nm south of Chepes , La Rioja , Argentina .
Ramón Villeda Morales International Airport Aeropuerto Internacional Ramón Villeda Morales ( IATA : SAP , ICAO : MHLM ) , also known as La Mesa International Airport , is located 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) from the city of San Pedro Sula , in the Cortés Department in Honduras .
Črešnjevec pri Oštrcu ( pronounced ( ˈtʃɾeːʃnjɛʋəts pɾi ɔˈʃtəɾtsu ) ; German : Kerschdorf ) is a settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia .
Bijepur ( Oriya : ବିଜେପୁର ) , is a town and a block in Bargarh district in the state of Odisha , India .
Dongli Subdistrict ( simplified Chinese : 东焦街道 ; traditional Chinese : 東里街道 ; pinyin : Dōnglǐ Jiēdào ) is a subdistrict and the seat of Qiaoxi District , in the heart of Shijiazhuang , Hebei , People 's Republic of China .
Komořanské jezero is a former lake in the Czech Republic that is now non - existent as it has dried up .
Qambar , also known as Kambar and Kambar Khan , is the capital of Qambar Shahdadkot District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Deir Qanun ( Arabic : دير قانون‎ ) is a village in southern Syria , administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , located northwest of Damascus in the Wadi Barada .
Military War Cemetery Grebbeberg is a graveyard where 799 military personnel and 1 civilian were buried , who died during the invasion of the Netherlands by the Germans in May 1940 .
The Morava Banovina or Morava Banate ( Serbian : Моравска бановина/Moravska banovina ) was a province ( banovina ) of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia between 1929 and 1941 .
Gare de Wimille - Wimereux is a railway station serving the communes of Wimille and Wimereux , Pas - de - Calais department , northern France .
Porirua Railway Station is an important intermediate station in New Zealand on the Kapiti Line from Wellington and is part of Wellington 's Metlink suburban rail network operated by Tranz Metro .
Rock Bay Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the Inside Passage at the junction of Johnstone Strait and Discovery Passage .
Magleš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Маглеш ) is a mountain in western Serbia , near the city of Valjevo .
Karadzor ( Armenian : Քարաձոր ; formerly , Efendi ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Hasanijeh ( Persian : هسنيجه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasnījeh ; also known as Ḩoseynī , Ḩoseynjeh , Husaini , and Husni ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , Mehrdasht District , Najafabad County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Aït Aissa Mimoune , Kabyle name Ath Aissa Mimoune , known formerly Djebel Aïssa Mimoun , is a commune ( borough ) in the District of Ouaguenoun , Tizi Ouzou Province , Kabylie region , Algeria .
The Dyrhólaey lighthouse ( Icelandic : Dyrhólaeyjarviti ) is located on the central south coast of Iceland .
The Womrather Höhe is a hill , 599.1 m above sea level ( NN ) , and the highest peak in the Lützelsoon hills , part of the Hunsrück mountains of Germany 's Central Uplands .
The Miles Historical Village and Museum is an open - air museum located near the town of Miles , Queensland , Australia .
Signau District was a district in Switzerland in the canton of Bern with its seat Signau .
The Carpentier River , on the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland , Australia was named in honour of Pieter de Carpentier , Governor - General of the Dutch East Indies .
Cargoair Ltd , is a Bulgarian cargo airline headquartered in Sofia , Bulgaria .
At 1,214.6 m ( 3,985 ft ) above sea level , the Fichtelberg is the highest mountain in Saxony , the second highest in the Ore Mountains and used to be the highest mountain in East Germany .
Romatowo ( rɔmaˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mersin İdmanyurdu ( also Mersin İdman Yurdu , Mersin İY or MİY ) is a Turkish sports club from Mersin , Turkey in the eastern Mediterranean Region .
Mavaluy - e Sofla ( Persian : مولوي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mavālūy - e Soflá ' ; also known as Mavālū - ye Soflá ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Revere Bell was a gift to Singapore by Mrs. Maria Revere Balestier , the daughter of Paul Revere and wife of the first American Consul to Singapore , Joseph Balestier .
The Neo Phaliron Velodrome ( New Phaleron ) was a velodrome and sports arena in Athens , Greece , used for the cycling events at the 1896 Summer Olympics , which was later to be the old Karaiskakis stadium and later the newer Karaiskakis Stadium .
Cuz Cuz or Cuzcuz is a small village and an archeological site which lies about 6 kilometers from the city of Illapel , Choapa Province , in the Coquimbo Region of Chile .
Širvintos ( pronunciation ) is a city in Vilnius County in the eastern part of Lithuania .
The Parc floral et arboré de la Chènevière is a privately owned park with flower gardens and arboretum located at La Chènevière , 106 , route de Quinssat , Abrest , Allier , Auvergne , France .
EBC Hochschule Hamburg is a private business school in Hamburg , Berlin , Düsseldorf , Stuttgart and Leipzig , Germany .
Postmasburg is a town in the Northern Cape province of South Africa , located approximately 170 km east of Upington .
Tombi Golgir ( Persian : تمبي گلگير‎ , also Romanized as Tombī Golgīr and Tembī Gelgīr ; also known as Tambīān , Tembī , Tembiūn , Temblun , and Tombī ) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gabroveni Inn ( Romanian : Hanul Gabroveni ) is a hotel in the historic part of old Bucharest , Romania .
Tallinn French School or Tallinn French Lyceum ( Estonian : Tallinna Prantsuse Lütseum ) , is a co - educational comprehensive secondary school in Tallinn , Estonia .
Žitkovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Житковац ) is a village in Central Serbia situated in the municipality of Aleksinac , in the Nišava District .
Medanići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Маданићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Taoughilt is a small town and rural commune in Sidi Kacem Province of the Gharb - Chrarda - Béni Hssen region of Morocco .
Cangzhou ( simplified Chinese : 沧州 ; traditional Chinese : 滄州 ; pinyin : Cāngzhōu ) is a prefecture - level city in eastern Hebei province , People 's Republic of China .
Hoeryŏng Ch'ŏngnyŏn Station is a railway station in Hoeryŏng - si , North Hamgyŏng , North Korea , on the Hambuk Line of the Korean State Railway .
Nová Dedina ( Hungarian : Garamújfalu ) is an old village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
Głuch ( ɡwux ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ulongué is a town and the administrative seat of Angónia District , situated in the north east part of the Tete Province in Mozambique .
Strmec pri Polenšaku ( pronounced ( ˈstəɾməts pɾi ˈpoːlɛnʃaku ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia .
The University of Lubumbashi ( also known by the acronym UNILU ) is one of the largest universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Unlike many other areas in Trinidad and Tobago , the land in Toco was not suitable for extensive sugarcane cultivation .
Ivisaat Island is an uninhabited island located in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
The Château de Châtillon - d'Azergues is a ruined castle in the commune of Châtillon ( formerly Châtillon - d'Azergues ) in the Rhône département of France .
Argamasilla de Alba is a municipality in Ciudad Real ( province ) , Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Krasnoyarsk Northeast was an air base in Russia located 4 km northeast of Krasnoyarsk .
Dumman is a village located on Jehlum road and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Radio Vlaanderen Internationaal ( Dutch for `` Flanders International Radio '' ) , was the international broadcasting service of Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroep ( VRT ) , the public broadcaster of the Flemish community in Belgium .
Naushki ( Russian : На́ушки ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Kyakhtinsky District of the Republic of Buryatia , Russia , located near the border with Mongolia , 30 kilometers ( 19 mi ) from the town of Kyakhta .
The Pertosa Caves ( Italian : ' ' Grotte di Pertosa '' ) , co - officially named Pertosa - Auletta Caves ( Italian : ' ' Grotte di Pertosa - Auletta '' ) since 2012 , are a karst show cave system located in the municipality of Pertosa , in the province of Salerno , Campania , Italy .
Magdagachi Airport ( IATA : GDG , ICAO : UHBI ) is a small airport in Russia 's Amur Oblast , located 3 km north of Magdagachi .
Niepoczołowice - Folwark ( ɲɛpɔt͡ʂɔwɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rayamangalam is a village ( Grama punchyathu ) in the Ernakulam district of Kerala state , India .
Zemio Airport ( IATA : IMO , ICAO : FEFZ ) is an airport serving the village of Zemio , in the Haut - Mbomou prefecture of Central African Republic .
Sorsele Municipality ( Swedish : Sorsele kommun , Ume Sami : Suorssá gielda ) is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden .
Surajpur district of Chhattisgarh state in central India , with its administrative headquarters at Surajpur .
Bungle Bungle Range is the landform that is the major component of the Purnululu National Park in Western Australia .
Antofalla is a large and very remote stratovolcano in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina .
Thebarton Oval ( currently known as Adelaide Airport Stadium ) is a sports ground in Adelaide , South Australia currently used for a variety of sports including Australian rules football .
Garet Djebilet ( also written Gâra Djebilet ) is a settlement in the commune of Tindouf , in Tindouf Province , Algeria .
Saona Island ( Spanish : Isla Saona ) is a tropical island located a short distance from the mainland on the south - east tip of the Dominican Republic .
Bad Godesberg is a municipal district of Bonn , southern North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Gruta de las Maravillas ( English : `` Grotto of the Marvels '' ) is a grotto in Aracena , Andalusia , Spain .
As of 2011 , the India census showed that Humnabad had a population of 44,561 .
Qomqaleh ( Persian : قمقلعه‎ , also Romanized as Qomqal``eh and Qom Qal``eh ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 2,572 , in 552 families .
The Rentina Gorge ( Greek : Στενά της Ρεντίνας ) or Macedonian Tempe ( Greek : Μακεδονικά Τέμπη ) is a region in Greek Macedonia named after Tempe ( mod . pronunciation : `` Tembi '' ) , the long strip of gorges , hills and rivers in northern Greece .
Saint John 's Senior Secondary School in Kota , Rajasthan , India , is situated at Bundi Road .
The Ituango Dam , also referred to as the Pescadero - Ituango Dam , is an embankment dam currently under construction on the Cauca River near Ituango in Antioquia Department , Colombia .
Kathmandu Durbar Square ( Nepali : वसन्तपुर दरवार क्षेत्र , Basantapur Darbar Kshetra ) in front of the old royal palace of the former Kathmandu Kingdom is one of three Durbar ( royal palace ) Squares in the Kathmandu Valley in Nepal , all of which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites .
Wrzeszewo ( vʐɛˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Bulani ( Persian : بولاني‎ , also Romanized as Būlānī ) is a village in Sangan Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gnoien is a small town in the Rostock district , in Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany .
Sever do Vouga ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɨˈvɛɾ ðu ˈvowɣɐ ) ) is a town and a municipality in the District of Aveiro in Portugal The population in 2011 was 12,356 , in an area of 129.88 km² .
Yelasi is a small village in Sorab Taluk in Shimoga district of Karnataka state , India .
Charruba or Kharruba ( Arabic : الخروبة‎ ) is a village in Libya .
Hapa railway station is a railway station in the city of Jamnagar in Gujarat , India .
Faculty of Dental Sciences , University of Peradeniya is one of the eight faculties of University of Peradeniya and the only institution that trains dental surgeons in Sri Lanka .
Avirey - Lingey is a French commune in the Aube department in the Champagne - Ardenne region of north - central France .
Rajghat Dam is an Inter - state Dam project of the Government of Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh being constructed on Betwa River about 14 km from Historical place Chanderi in Madhya Pradesh and 22 km from Lalitpur in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Pyaozersky ( Russian : Пяозе́рский ; Karelian : Pääjärvi ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Loukhsky District of the Republic of Karelia , Russia , located on the shore of Lake Pyaozero , 700 kilometers ( 430 mi ) northwest of Petrozavodsk , the capital of the republic .
Waudo ( Sosŏm ) is a former island in Taedong River in Nampo , North Korea .
Lübbecke ( ( ˈlʏbɛkə ) ; Westphalian : Lübke ) is a town in northeast North Rhine - Westphalia in north Germany .
Koluvail or Kolvail or Koluvailu ( Kannada : ಕೊಳುವೈಲು ) is a village near Haleyangady of South Canara district of Karnataka state in India .
Lakselva ( Northern Sami : Leavdnjajohka ; Kven : Lemmijoki ) is a river in Finnmark county in northern Norway .
Heidenheim an der Brenz ( short : Heidenheim ) is a town in Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany .
The Mikra British Cemetery is a World War I - era British military cemetery in Kalamaria , a suburb of the city of Thessaloniki in Greece .
Çükəş is a village in the municipality of Sipiyəpart in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Tashkuh - e Sofla ( Persian : تاشكوه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tāshkūh - e Soflá ) is a village in Mian Band Rural District , in the Central District of Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Galata Monastery ( Romanian : Mănăstirea Galata ) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery for nuns , founded at the end of the sixteenth century by Moldavian Voivode Petru Şchiopul , in the west of Iaşi , Romania .
Kuh Pas ( Persian : كوه پس‎ , also Romanized as Kūh Pas ; also known as Kupys ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Goruran - e Do Dang ( Persian : گروران دودانگ‎ , also Romanized as Gorūrān - e Do Dang ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ferentino is a town and comune in Italy , in the province of Frosinone , Lazio , 65 kilometres ( 40 mi ) southeast of Rome .
Primorski Dolac ( pronounced ( prǐmɔrskiː dɔ̌lat͡s ) ) is a municipality in Croatia in the Split - Dalmatia County .
Radlnia ( ˈradlɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vandadeh ( Persian : ونداده‎ , also Romanized as Vandādeh ) is a village in Vandadeh Rural District , Meymeh District , Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mustafakemalpaşa is the main town of Bursa Province in the Marmara region of Turkey .
Tadulako University ( Indonesian : Universitas Tadulako ) is the only public university in Palu , Central Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Lolazor ( Persian : لاله‌زار ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
The Hethumids ( Armenian : Հեթումյաններ ) ( also spelled Hetoumids or Het'umids ) , also known as the House of Lampron ( after Lampron castle ) , were the rulers of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia from 1226 to 1373 .
Liège - Guillemins railway station ( IATA : XHN ) is the main station of the city of Liège , the third largest city in Belgium .
Roč ( Italian : Rozzo , German : Rotz ) is a village in Istria County , north - west Croatia .
Terry Fox Field is one of the few university varsity stadiums in Canada without permanent seating .
Goetheweg station ( German : Bahnhof Goetheweg ) is located between the stations of Schierke and Brocken on the Brocken Railway in the Harz Mountains of Central Germany at a height of 956 m above sea level .
Bordj Menaïel ( from the Arabic برج - bordj , `` tower '' and Berber imnayen `` cavaliers '' ) is a town in the Boumerdès Province in Algeria .
Nuasjärvi is a medium - sized lake in Kainuu region in northern Finland .
Derakhtak ( Persian : درختك‎ , also Romanized as Darakhtak ) is a village in Varzaq Rural District , in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Porto Velho - Governador Jorge Teixeira de Oliveira International Airport ( IATA : PVH , ICAO : SBPV ) also called Belmonte Airport referring to the neighborhood where it is located , is the airport serving Porto Velho , Brazil .
Kelfield , Saskatchewan is a small hamlet in central Saskatchewan , Canada .
Koro Airport ( IATA : KXF , ICAO : NFNO ) is an airport serving Koro , one of the Lomaiviti Islands in Fiji .
Okwuobi v Lester B Pearson School Board , 2005 SCC 16 , is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on minority language rights .
Parižlje ( pronounced ( paˈɾiːʒljɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Braslovče in northern Slovenia .
South Bentinck is a locality on South Bentinck Arm in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , located on the north side of the mouth of the Noeick River on the east shore of that inlet .
The Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) investigates air accidents in the United Kingdom .
Makkabi Helsinki is a Finnish Jewish sports club in Helsinki , Finland .
The State Archives of Naples ( Italian : Archivio di Stato di Napoli ) , with its more than 50,000 linear meters of book and document shelving , is of fundamental importance for the history of southern Italy from the 10th century to today .
Rajbiraj ( Nepali : राजबिराज ) ( /ˈərɑːdʒbɪərdʒ/ ) is a mid - sized municipality in south - eastern Nepal established in 1950s .
Siphofaneni is a town in the Lubombo Region of central Swaziland 45 kilometres from Manzini and 20 kilometres from Big Bend , a major sugarcane - producing town on the main highway leading to Durban .
Colonia Ampliación Asturias is a neighborhood in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City .
Záhor ( Hungarian : Zahar ) is a village and municipality in the Sobrance District in the Košice Region of east Slovakia .
Titwalan is a town included in Martung Tehsil of Shangla District , North - West Frontier Province , Pakistan .
Białachówko ( bjawaˈxufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Hutt Valley Campaign was a brief round of hostilities in the lower North Island of New Zealand between indigenous Māori and British settlers and military forces in 1846 .
Kojur ( Persian : كجور‎ , also Romanized as Kojūr ; also known as Baladeh - ye Kojūr , Baldeh Kojūr , Kujūr , Shahr Kujūr , and Shahr Rūyān ) is a village in Tavabe - e Kojur Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Helene - Lange - Gymnasium is a bilingual secondary school in Hamburg , Germany .
Neyzal ( Persian : نيزل‎ , also Romanized as Nīzal and Nīzel ) is a village in Kumasi Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Merkjárfoss ( also known as Gluggafoss ) is a waterfall in southern Iceland .
Tomažja Vas ( pronounced ( tɔˈmaːʒja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Tomažja vas ) is a small village in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia .
The Luo Scientific Reserve ( French : Réserve Scientifique de Luo ) is a protected area situated in the Ikela Territory of the Tshuapa District , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Saarländisches Zweiradmuseum is a motorcycle museum in Saarland , Germany .
Chah - e Harif ( Persian : چاه حريف‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Ḩarīf ) is a village in Khusf Rural District , Central District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Budapest Business School ( BBS ) ( Hungarian : Budapesti Gazdasági Egyetem or BGE ) is a public university business school specialised in business studies and social sciences located in Budapest , Hungary .
Stewiacke ( 2011 population : 1,438 ) is a town located in southern Colchester County , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Chanakya National Law University ( CNLU ) is an autonomous law school located in Patna , Bihar , India .
Goof Abaaley is a town in the southern Bay region of Somalia .
Ain Qana ( Arabic : عين قانا‎ ) ( also known as Ainqana , ) , is a town in the Nabatieh Governorate , Southern Lebanon .
Kampi ( Greek : Καμπι ) is a small village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , east of the town of Palaichori .
The Nyons Bridge is a medieval bridge over the river Eygues in Nyons in southern France .
Zapadnaya Litsa River ( Russian : Западная Лица ; German : Sapadnaja Liza ) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
The Potou Lagoon is a shallow body of water primarily located near the Aguien Lagoon in south eastern corner of the republic of Ivory Coast .
Beerescourt is a suburb in western Hamilton , New Zealand .
The Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League ( GOJHL ) is a Canadian junior ice hockey league based in Southern Ontario , Canada .
The Monument of Ten Commandments is an architectural complex in Ukraine opened in honor of the 15th anniversary of the Kryvyi Rih Eparchy .
Florennes ( French pronunciation : ​(flɔ.ʁɛn ) ) is a Walloon municipality located in Belgium in the province of Namur .
The Osilinka Ranges are a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains , located between Osilinka River and Lay Creek in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Orkdal Church ( Norwegian : Orkdal kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Cvetni trg or Flower Square ( Serbian Cyrillic : Цветни трг ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Galebre - Galébouo is a town in south - central Ivory Coast .
Bochum - Linden is a district of the City of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine - Westphalia in Germany .
Nika District ( Pashto : نيکه ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی نیکه‎ ) , also known as Naka , is one of the most remote districts in Paktika Province , Afghanistan .
Pożary ( pɔˈʐarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Siren Records is an independent music label based in Auckland , New Zealand .
Madrassa Chattha is a village located in the Gujranwala district , Pakistan .
Tirat Carmel , formerly Ṭīrat el Lōz , ( Hebrew : טִירַת כַּרְמֶל , Arabic : طيرة اللوز‎ ) , or Tirat HaCarmel or Al - Tira , Haifa , is a city in the Haifa District in Israel .
Kazan International Airport ( Russian : Международный аэропорт Казань , Tatar : Казан Халыкара Аэропорты / Qazan Xalıqara Aeroportı ; IATA : KZN , ICAO : UWKD ) is an airport located in Tatarstan , Russia , around 25 km southeast of Kazan .
The Northern Biskopsgården Church ( Swedish : Norra Biskopsgårdens kyrka ) is a church building in the northern parts of Biskopsgården on the island of Hisingen in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Plantiac was first produced as Plantinga Cognac by the Plantinga distillery in Bolsward , Netherlands , most likely in the 1930s or 1940s .
Beytas ( Persian : بيطاس‎ , also Romanized as Beyţās ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Plants Plus was established in 1978 in Melbourne , Australia as the Retail Nurserymens ' Products Co - operative Limited , which traded under The Nurserymen brand .
Yolqullar ( also , Yëlkullar ) is a village in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan and forms part of the municipality of Zinzahal .
The Manoir de Mézarnou is a fortified 16th century manor - house located in the Finistère département of Brittany in northwestern France .
Domostawa ( dɔmɔsˈtava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin , within Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Rio Tuba is one of the populated barangays in the Municipality of Bataraza in the Province of Palawan in the Philippines .
ADK Hospital is the first private hospital situated in Malé , Republic of Maldives .
Gugan ( Persian : گوگان‎ , also Romanized as Gūgān and Gāvgān ; also known as Gāvkān ) is a city in and the capital of Gugan District , in Azarshahr County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Düren is a town in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , between Aachen and Cologne on the river Rur .
The Colombo Dutch Museum is a museum that covers the history of the Dutch colonial rule in Sri Lanka .
Igate Manor ( Latvian : Igates pils muiža ) is a manor in the historical region of Vidzeme , in northern Latvia .
Caerleon Bridge is a bridge crossing of the River Usk at Caerleon in the city of Newport , United Kingdom .
Talagante ( Spanish pronunciation : ( talaˈɣante ) ) is a commune and the capital city of the province of the same name in the Santiago Metropolitan Region of central Chile .
Fjölnisvöllur is a football stadium in Iceland .
Ravar ( Persian : راور‎ , also Romanized as Rāvar ) is a city in and the capital of Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Quetzaltenango , also known by its indigenous name , Xelajú ( ʃelaˈχu ) or Xela ( ˈʃela ) , is the second largest city of Guatemala .
Dasht - e Latehor ( Persian : دشت لتحر‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Lateḩor ; also known as Lateḩor and Latḩor ) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District , in the Central District of Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Strond is a former village in the north of the town Klaksvík at the sound of Haraldssund in the Faroe Islands .
Wilberforce Falls is an almost 60 m ( 197 feet ) tall waterfall located in the Wilberforce Gorge of the Hood River in Nunavut , Canada .
Dr. José Matías Delgado University ( Spanish : Universidad Dr. José Matías Delgado ) ( UJMD ) , is a private university located in Antiguo Cuscatlán , La Libertad , El Salvador .
Bratsberg Church ( Norwegian : Bratsberg kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Shrewsbury International School is a selective coeducational British international day school in Bang Kho Laem District , Bangkok , Thailand .
Połom Duży ( ˈpɔwɔm ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Wiśnicz , within Bochnia County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kash Pey ( Persian : كش پي‎ ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mamrux ( also , Mamrukh ) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Eremitage Maria Reizenborn , or Räzebore , is a former hermitage in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany ( Hunsrück mountain range ) .
Haliwen Airport ( IATA : ABU , ICAO : WATA , formerly WRKA ) is an airport in Atambua , Indonesia .
San Fernando de Atabapo was the capital city of Venezuela 's Amazonas state until the early 1900s .
Tworóg ( ˈtfɔruk ) is a village in Tarnowskie Góry County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kazungula is a small border town in the Southern Province of Zambia , lying on the north bank of the Zambezi River about 70 km west of Livingstone .
Malvajerd ( Persian : مالواجرد‎ , also Romanized as Mālvājerd , Māl - e Vājerd , Māl Vājerd ; also known as Malvard ) is a village in Jarqueeh Olya Rural District , Jarqueh Olya District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Château Dauzac is a winery in the Margaux appellation of the Bordeaux region of France , in the commune of Labarde .
Stung Sreng River ( also spelled Stoeng Sreng ) is a river in northwest Cambodia .
Jaya Suriya Engineering College is an engineering college , located in Koduveli , Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Velyki Klishchi ( Ukrainian : Великі Кліщі ; Russian : Великие Клещи ) is a former village ( a selo ) in the Narodychi Raion of Zhytomyr Oblast in northern Ukraine .
Chapkut ( Armenian : Ճապկուտ ; formerly known as Jivikhlu ) is a small hamlet in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Olszyna ( ɔlˈʂɨna ) ( German : Langenöls ) is a town in Lubań County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Misača ( Serbian : Мисача ) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac , Serbia .
Kalisz railway station is a railway station in Kalisz , Poland .
Tautuku Peninsula is a rocky headland in the the Catlins on the south coast of Otago on the South Island of New Zealand .
Chantepie ( Breton : Kantpig , Gallo : Chauntepiy ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Negash is a village in the Tigray Region ( or kilil ) of Ethiopia , which straddles the Adigrat - Mekele road ( Ethiopian Highway 1 ) 10 kilometers north of Wukro .
Capitolias ( Greek : Καπιτωλιας ) was an ancient city east of the Jordan River , and is identified with the modern village of Beit Ras in the Irbid Governorate in northern Jordan .
The Greek National Tourism Organization ( Greek : Εθνικός Οργανισμός Τουρισμού , Ethnikos Organismos Tourismou ) , often appreviated as GNTO ( Greek : EOT ) is the governmental department for the promotion tourism in the country of Greece .
Spessart is a Mittelgebirge , a range of low wooded mountains , in the States of Bavaria and Hesse in Germany .
Taklong Island is the main island of the Taklong Island National Marine Reserve located in Nueva Valencia , Guimaras and off southern end of the island of Guimaras , in the West Visayas of the Philippines .
Band - e Lal Mohammad ( Persian : بند لال محمد ‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Slezská Harta Dam ( Czech : Vodní nádrž Slezská Harta ) is a water reservoir and dam in the Nízký Jeseník mountain range , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic .
Muhammad Nawaz Sharif University of Agriculture ( MNS - UAM ) ( Urdu : محمد نواز شریف یونیورسٹی آف ایگریکلچر‎ ) is a higher education institute located in Multan , Pakistan .
Jeffreys Bay ( Afrikaans : Jeffreysbaai , also known as J - bay ) is a town located in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Namadineh ( Persian : نمدينه‎ , also Romanized as Namadīneh ) is a village in Saheb Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mexican Federal Highway 132 ( Carretera Federal 132 ) connects Ecatepec de Morelos , State of Mexico in the west to Tulancingo , Hidalgo in the east .
Magleås is a mansion in Høsterkøb near Birkerød in northern Zealand , Denmark .
Aziz Kand ( Persian : عزيزكند‎ , also Romanized as `` Azīz Kand ; also known as `` Azīz Kandī ) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 244 , in 49 families .
Firozpur Cantonment ( Punjabi : ਫ਼ਿਰੋਜ਼ਪੁਰ ਛਾਉਣੀ ) is a cantonment town in Firozpur district in the state of Punjab , India .
Aplanta ( Greek : Απλάντα ; Turkish : Aplanda ) is an abandoned village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus , located 4 km south of Anglisides .
The North Bank tunnel concept was a hydroelectric scheme being developed by Meridian Energy on the Waitaki River in Canterbury , New Zealand .
The Mercado Adolpho Lisboa , also called Mercado Municipal , is a marketplace located in Manaus , Brazil .
Stommeln is a village in the north - west of Cologne , Germany .
The Palais des congrès de Gatineau is conference centre in Gatineau , Quebec , Canada .
Fronhausen is a community in the south of Marburg - Biedenkopf district in the administrative region of Gießen in Hessen , Germany .
Tacking Point Lighthouse is Australia 's third oldest lighthouse .
Horadis ( Armenian : Հորադիս ) , is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia .
Wereszyn ( vɛˈrɛʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Plancenoit ( Walloon : Planchenois ) is a village and section of the municipality of Lasne , Walloon Brabant , Belgium .
Šambron ( Ukrainian : Шамброн , Shambron ) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
Krasnokamensk Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Краснокаменск ) ( ICAO : UIAE ) is an airport in Zabaykalsky Krai , Russia located 7 km south of Krasnokamensk .
Scoppito is a comune and town in the province of L'Aquila , in the Baschi region of southern Italy .
Wells International School , a member of the International Schools Association of Thailand , is an international school with multiple campuses in Bangkok , Thailand .
Lake Keret ( Russian : Кереть , Finnish : Kierettijärvi ) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia , northwestern part of Russia .
Cecil Peak is a mountain in the Wakatipu Basin , New Zealand and reaches a height of 1,978 metres .
Nové Vilémovice ( in German Neu - Wilmsdorf ) is a small village located in the Rychlebské Hory ( Reichensteiner Gebirge in German ) in the north - eastern part of Moravia in the Czech Republic , a territory historically known as Sudetenland .
Hsum Hsai ( Burmese : ဆမ္မဆယ် ) is a village in the Nawnghkio Township , in northern Shan State of Myanmar , located approximately 60 km north - east of Mandalay .
Mokrishte ( Bulgarian : Мокрище ) is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality , Pazardzhik Province , southern Bulgaria .
Karinebæk halt is a railway halt serving the eastern part of the seaside resort town of Hornbæk on the north coast of North Zealand , Denmark .
Matiaszów ( maˈtjaʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Aluma ( Hebrew : אֲלֻמָּה or אלומה , lit . Sheaf ) is an Haredi communal settlement in southern Israel .
The Soğanlı Railway Station is a freight station near the village of Soğanlı in the Kars Province of Turkey .
Sarhari ( سرھاڙي ) is a small town of tehsil Shahdadpur , Sanghar District , Sindh province , Pakistan .
The Algama mine is a large zirconium mine located in eastern Russia in Sakha Republic .
Răbăgani ( Hungarian : Robogány ) is a commune in Bihor County , Romania .
Playa Jeremi is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao , located close to the village of Lagun in the north - west of the island .
The Fallbach is a creek in Austria .
Canal Flats is a village located at the southern end of Columbia Lake , the source of the Columbia River in British Columbia , Canada .
Vedra is a municipality in the Spanish province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain .
Batrad ( Ukrainian : Батрадь , Hungarian : Bótrágy , Rusyn : Бовтрадь ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
The Vianden Pumped Storage Plant is located just north of Vianden in Diekirch District , Luxembourg .
Kraków Valleys Landscape Park ( Park Krajobrazowy Dolinki Krakowskie ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in southern Poland , covering an area of 197.77 square kilometres ( 76.36 sq mi ) .
Ludranski Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈluːdɾanski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Črna na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia .
Devilling is the period of training , pupillage or junior work undertaken by a person wishing to become an advocate in one of the legal systems of the United Kingdom or Ireland .
Tifariti ( also transliterated `` Tifarita '' ; Arabic : تيفاريتي ) is an oasis town located in north - eastern Western Sahara , east of the Moroccan Berm , 138 km from Smara and 15 km north of the Mauritanian border .
The Port Hedland Saltworks Important Bird Area is a 103 km2 tract of originally intertidal land , now containing a saltern , lying about 20 km east of the port of Port Hedland on the coast of the Pilbara region of north - west Western Australia .
Gari Kouh Tower ( Persian : برج گری کوه‎‎ , Borj - e - Gari - Kouh ) ) is a castle - like tower located in kouhij village in Central District of Bastak County in west of Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Anipemza ( Armenian : Անիպեմզա,Russian : Анипемза ) is a village and rural community in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Ashqal ( Persian : اشقل‎ ; also known as Askal ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Vecsaliena Parish ( Latvian : Vecsalienas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Daugavpils Municipality , Latvia .
Saravali ( Greek : Σαράβαλι ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Messatida , Achaea , Greece .
Alberweiler Castle is a small castle - like structure in the village of Alberweiler , now part of the municipality of Schemmerhofen in the state of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Remøy Bridge ( Norwegian : Remøybrua ) is a bridge from connecting the islands of Leinøya and Remøya in the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Zhaleh - ye Kuseh ( Persian : ژاله كوسه‎ , also Romanized as Zhāleh - ye Kūseh ) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Shree Hareshwar Education Society ( Marathi : श्री हरेश्वर शिक्षण प्रसारक मंडळ ) , is an education society based Karjule Hareshwar , Ahmednagar , Maharashtra , India .
According to the United Kingdom Census 2011 , Scarisbrick parish had a population of 3,554 people living in 1,505 households , with an almost even distribution between males and females .
The river Vefsna ( Southern Sami : Vaapstenjeanoe or Swedish : Vapstälven ) is the largest river in Nordland county , Norway .
Until April 2013 an oak tree stood near the village , the Pontfadog Oak , reputed to be the oldest in the United Kingdom at the time , but strong winds on the 17 April 2013 caused the tree to topple overnight .
Uwielinek ( uvjɛˈlinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kartekun ( Persian : كرتكون‎ , also Romanized as Kartekūn ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bezliudivka ( or Bezludivka , or Bezlyudivka , or Bezlyudovka . Ukrainian : Безлюдівка ; Russian : Безлюдовка ) is an urban - type settlement located in the Kharkiv Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine .
Kirchensur is a village in the municipality of Amerang in the district of Rosenheim in Bavaria , Germany .
Meybod ( Persian : ميبد‎‎ , also Romanized as Maibud ) is a city in and capital of Meybod County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Taitao Peninsula ( Spanish : Península de Taitao ) is a westward projection of the mainland of Chile , with which it is connected by the narrow Isthmus of Ofqui , over which the natives and early missionaries were accustomed to carry their boats between the Moraleda Channel and Gulf of Penas .
Ardameri ( Greek : Αρδαμέρι ) is a village in the regional unit of Thessaloniki of Greece , at the foot of Mount Chortiatis , on the site of the Ancient city of Ardamerium .
Theodosia Inlet is an inlet in the Desolation Sound region of the South Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , located east of Lancelot Inlet , a sub - inlet of Malaspina Inlet .
Villa Reynolds Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Villa Reynolds ) ( IATA : VME , ICAO : SAOR ) is an airport serving Villa Mercedes , San Luis , Argentina .
Zinuay Jian ( Persian : زينوايجان‎ , also Romanized as Zīnūāy Jān ; also known as Zīnūn Jīān ) is a village in Lahijan Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
La Côte ( English : The Slope ) is part of the sloping Lake Geneva ( French : Lac Léman ) north shore , stretching from Nyon to Lausanne in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Mount Ulia is a minor ridge located east of San Sebastián in the Basque Country , territory of Spain , reaching 243 m at its highest point .
Tamoyot or Ban Tamoyot is a village in Sanamxay District in Attapeu Province , in southern Laos .
Lipetsk ( Russian : Липецк ; IPA : ( ˈlʲipʲɪtsk ) ) is a city and the administrative center of Lipetsk Oblast , Russia , located on the banks of the Voronezh River in the Don basin , 438 kilometers ( 272 mi ) southeast of Moscow .
The Uriconian rocks of Shropshire ( Wrekin Terrane ) are thought to be potentially related to the Longmyndian Supergroup of the Stretton Hills , Shropshire , United Kingdom .
Jarosty ( jaˈrɔstɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Port of Calais is a port in Calais , northern France .
Launceston railway station was situated in Launceston , Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Hafslo Church ( Norwegian : Hafslo kyrkje ) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
An Ortsbezirk is an administrative division of Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
Monte Kaolino is a sand dune in Hirschau , Bavaria , Germany .
The Bujanov Tunnel ( Slovak : Bujanovský tunel ) is the longest double track railway tunnel in Slovakia , on the Margecany - Košice route .
Stopce ( pronounced ( ˈstoːptsɛ ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Borups Allé is a major artery in the northwestern part of inner Copenhagen , Denmark .
South Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in the south of Barbados .
Coín is a town and municipality in the Province of Málaga , Spain , c. 33 km west of the provincial capital , Málaga , and about 30 km north of Marbella .
Heeßel is a borough of Burgdorf in the district of Hanover in Lower Saxony ( Germany ) .
Lhommaizé is a commune in the Vienne department in the Poitou - Charentes region of western France .
Ravno Selo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Равно Село , pronounced ( râːʋnoː sělo ) ) is a village in Serbia .
The Kaiservilla in Bad Ischl , Upper Austria , was the summer residence of Emperor Franz Joseph I and Empress Elisabeth of Austria , known as Sisi .
Dzióbin ( ˈd͡ʑubin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sangiliyandapuram ( Tamil : சங்கிலியாண்டபுரம் ) or Sangaliandapuram ( Tamil : சங்கலியாண்டபுரம் ) is a neighbourhood in the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu , India .
Odantapuri ( also called Odantapura or Uddandapura ) was a Buddhist Mahavihara in what is now Bihar , India .
Ryrkaypiy ( Russian : Рыркайпий ; Chukchi : Ир-Каппея ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) just to the west of Mys Shmidta in Iultinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , Russia .
Gulsher is a village adjacent to Basirpur , Depalpur , Okara District , Pakistan .
The Duchy of Luxemburg ( French : Luxembourg , Luxembourgish : Lëtzebuerg ) was a state of the Holy Roman Empire , the ancestral homeland of the noble House of Luxembourg .
The Aukrug Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Aukrug ) is a nature park in north Germany with an area of 380 square kilometres ( 150 sq mi ) .
Vidin ( Bulgarian : Видин ) is a port town on the southern bank of the Danube in north - western Bulgaria .
Robežnieki parish ( Latvian : Robežnieku pagasts , Latgalian : Pūstinis pogosts ) is an administrative unit of Krāslava Municipality , Latvia .
Dien Bien Phu Airport ( IATA : DIN , ICAO : VVDB ) ( Vietnamese : Sân bay Điện Biên Phủ ) is located at Dien Bien Phu in Vietnam .
Nowe Czajki ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈt͡ʂai̯ki ) ( German : Neu Czayken ; 1933 - 45 : Neu Kiwitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Novo Goražde ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ново Горажде ) , also known as Ustiprača , is a municipality of Republika Srpska in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lake Shunet is a meromictic lake near the selo of Shira in the Republic of Khakassia , Russia .
Šegova Vas ( pronounced ( ʃɛˈɡɔːʋa ˈʋaːs ) or ( ʃɛˈɡoːʋa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Šegova vas , German : Sigisdorf ) is a village in the Municipality of Loški Potok in southern Slovenia .
Stylloi ( Greek : Στύλλοι , Turkish : Mutluyaka ) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , located 12 km northwest of Famagusta .
Clonglash ( Irish : Cluan Glas ) is a townland some two miles ( 3 km ) east of Buncrana on the Inishowen Peninsula in County Donegal , Ireland It was voted the best townland in the world earlier this year and every year .
Sarchati - ye Ali Mirza ( Persian : سرچاتي علي ميرزا‎ , also Romanized as Sarchātī - ye ʿAlī Mīrzā ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Čatići ( Cyrillic : Чатићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Prevoje ( pronounced ( pɾɛˈʋoːjɛ ) ) is a small settlement north of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Otalež ( pronounced ( ɔˈtaːlɛʃ ) ) is a village in the hills above the right bank of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Khunabad ( Persian : خون اباد‎ , also Romanized as Khūnābād ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Poimeniko ( Greek : Ποιμενικό ) is a village and a community in the municipality of Didymoteicho in the eastcentral Evros regional unit , Greece .
Seri Gemilang Bridge is a ceremonial bridge in Putrajaya , Malaysia .
Okongo is a village in the Ohangwena Region of northern Namibia , situated about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) east of Eenhana .
Sha'ar Efraim ( Hebrew : שַׁעַר אֶפְרַיִם , lit . Efraim Gate ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Warfaze 's role in the development of progressive metal in Bangladesh has been an inspiration for several Bangladeshi bands , such as Artcell .
Edmonton / Lechelt Field Aerodrome ( TC LID : CGF2 ) is a private aerodrome located 26 nautical miles ( 48 km ; 30 mi ) east of Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Krześlinek ( kʂɛˈɕlinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kukkar Hatta is a town situated 12 km west of the Kabirwala with link road on canal bank of Sidhnai in Kabirwala Tehsil , and 10 km north on pull rangho with link road'north east to Multan about 50 km in Khanewal District in the Province of Punjab , Pakistan .
The Castlegar Apollos were a junior ' B ' ice hockey team based in Castlegar , British Columbia , Canada .
Issyk - Kul ( also Ysyk Köl , Issyk - Kol : Kyrgyz : Ысык-Көл ( ɯsɯqkœl ) ; Russian : Иссык-Куль ) is an endorheic lake in the northern Tian Shan mountains in eastern Kyrgyzstan .
Nepomuk ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnɛpomuk ) ; German : Pomuk ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic .
The 1910 Great Flood of Paris ( French : Crue de la Seine de 1910 ) was a catastrophe in which the Seine River , carrying winter rains from its tributaries , flooded Paris agglomeration , France .
Chacheragh ( Persian : چاچراغ ( حق اباد)‎ , also Romanized as Chācherāgh ; also known as Ḩaqqābād ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Lipnica Mała ( lipˈnit͡sa ˈmawa ) , ( Slovak : Malá Lipnica ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Pasieczna ( paˈɕet͡ʂna ) is a village in the urban - rural Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Wiszno ( ˈviʂnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Balalam ( Persian : بلالم‎ , also Romanized as Balālam ) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Medkila is part of the town of Harstad in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county , Norway .
Darhan Muminggan United Banner ( Mongolian : ᠳᠠᠷᠬᠠᠨ ᠮᠤᠤᠮᠢᠩᠭ᠋ᠠᠨ ᠬᠣᠯᠪᠣᠭᠠᠲᠤ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Darqan Muumiŋɣan Qolboɣatu qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 达尔罕茂明安联合旗 ; traditional Chinese : 達爾罕茂明安聯合旗 ; pinyin : Dá'ěrhǎn Màomíng'ān Liánhé Qí ) is a banner of west - central Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
San Pedro Teozacoalco is a town and municipality in Oaxaca , in south - western Mexico .
Assumption Island Airport ( ICAO : FSAS ) is an airfield serving Assumption Island in the Seychelles .
Kapuyt ( Armenian : Կապույտ ) or Kapuit , is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia .
The 1972 Königs Wusterhausen air disaster occurred on 14 August when an Interflug airplane crashed shortly after take - off from Berlin - Schönefeld Airport in Schönefeld , East Germany , on a holiday charter flight to Burgas , Bulgaria .
The Liublinskaya mine is a large mine located in the south of Russia in Novosibirsk Oblast .
The State University of Leuven was a university founded in 1817 in Leuven in Belgium , then part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands .
International Medical Center or IMC is a large hospital in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , and was built in 2005 .
The Order of Rio Branco ( Ordem de Rio Branco ) is an honorific order of Brazil .
Namrup ( Assamese : নামৰূপ ) is a small town situated close to the foothills of the great Patkai Mountain Range(Purvanchal Range connecting to Myanmar ) in the extreme northeastern part of Assam Arunachal , India .
The Pulong Tau National Park ( Malay : Taman Negara Pulong Tau ) is a national park in the Kelabit Highlands of Sarawak , Malaysia , on the island of Borneo .
Sakteng Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary located mostly in Trashigang District and just crossing the border into Samdrup Jongkhar District , Bhutan .
Chicoutimi / Saint - Honoré Aerodrome ( ICAO : CYRC ) , is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) east southeast of Saint - Honoré and approximately 5.6 nautical miles ( 10.4 km ; 6.4 mi ) from Chicoutimi in Quebec , Canada .
Beit Nehemia ( Hebrew : בֵּית נְחֶמְיָה , lit . House of Nehemiah ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Korti or Kurti is a town in northern - central Sudan .
Sandi Bird Sanctuary is a bird sanctuary in Hardoi district of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Chimthane is a small village in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Bøsdalafossur is a waterfall in the Faroe Islands that flows from the lake Leitisvatn / Sørvágsvatn and into the Atlantic ocean .
G : link , also known as the Gold Coast Light Rail , is a light rail system serving the Gold Coast in Queensland , Australia .
SVT2 ( usually referred to as Tvåan ) , is one of two television channels broadcast by Sveriges Television in Sweden .
Kunstverein Arnsberg is an Association for Contemporary Art established in 1987 and located in Arnsberg , Germany .
Jørpeland Church ( Norwegian : Jørpeland kirke ) is a parish church in Strand municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Palladam is a town of Tirupur in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
National Pingtung University ( NPTU ; Chinese : 國立屏東大學 ) is a public university in Pingtung City , Pingtung County , Taiwan .
Dalaffilla , also called Gabuli , or Alu - Dalafilla is a 578 m ( 1,896 ft ) high stratovolcano in Ethiopia .
Wittstock / Dosse is a town in the Ostprignitz - Ruppin district , in north - western Brandenburg , Germany .
Bobsleigh at the 1988 Winter Olympics was held at the Canada Olympic Park in Calgary , Alberta , Canada The event included competitors from countries with little or no snow .
Neuland Colony is a Mennonite settlement in Paraguay .
The Public Procurement Service ( Hangul : 조달청 ; hanja : 調達廳 , PPS ) is organizations in South Korea and is run under the Ministry of Strategy and Finance .
Landskrona BoIS ( short for Landskrona Boll och Idrottsällskap , English : Landskrona Ball and Sports Society , locally referred to as BoIS ) is a Swedish professional football club located in Landskrona , Scania , which currently plays in Division 1 Södra , the third tier of football in Sweden .
The City of Adam stood `` beside Zarethan '' ( Joshua 3:16 ) on the east bank of the Jordan , it is called also `` Damia '' .
The Yolla gas field is a natural gas field in Bass Strait , Australia , lying 147 km off the south coast of Victoria .
Onakkunnu is a village of the panchayat town Karivellur in Kannur district , Kerala , India Its post code is 670521 .
Erasakkanayakkanur is a small village located near Theni , Tamil Nadu state , India .
The Bukit Gombak Stadium is located in Bukit Batok , Singapore , and has a capacity of 3,000 people .
Balagansk ( Russian : Балага́нск ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Balagansky District of Irkutsk Oblast , Russia .
Tofia is a small islet of Vaitupu , Tuvalu , in the entrance to the lagoon .
Electric Magma is an instrumental heavy riff rock band from Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Machern ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmaxɐn ) ) is a town ( or `` free community '' ) in the Leipzig district in Saxony , Germany .
Maly Lyakhovsky Island ( Russian : Малый Ляховский ) is the second largest of the Lyakhovsky Islands belonging to the New Siberian Islands archipelago in Laptev Sea in northern Russia .
Jabal al - Druze ( Arabic : جبل الدروز‎ , Mountain of the Druze ) , officially Jabal al - Arab ( Arabic : جبل العرب‎ , Mountain of the Arabs ) , is an elevated volcanic region in the As - Suwayda Governorate of southern Syria .
Oberhausen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈoːbɐhaʊzən ) ) is a city on the river Emscher in the Ruhr Area , Germany , located between Duisburg ( c. 12 km ) and Essen ( c. 13 km ) .
Kvinnefossen , sometimes written Kvinnafossen , is a waterfall of the river Kvinna in Leikanger , Norway .
Santa Maria delle Grazie a Mondragone is a small now - deconsecrated Roman Catholic church building in central Naples , Italy .
The Episcopal Diocese of Kansas , established in 1859 , is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America with jurisdiction over eastern Kansas .
The Shoes on the Danube Bank is a memorial in Budapest , Hungary .
On March 20 , 2010 , Ron McLean profiled Dan Achen and Junkhouse with a segment prior to the Leafs - Canadiens game on Hockey Night in Canada .
Seyitören , Damal is a village in the District of Damal , Ardahan Province , Turkey .
The Pruzhonka River ( Russian : Пружёнка ) is a river in Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Olesh ( Hebrew : עֹלֶשׁ , עולש , lit . Chicory ) is a moshav in central Israel .
National Kaohsiung University of Applied Sciences ( KUAS ; Chinese : 國立高雄應用科技大學 ; pinyin : Guólì Gāoxióng Yìngyòng Kējì Dàxué ) is a university located in Yanchao District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Stare Wądołki ( ˈstarɛ vɔnˈdɔu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Şərif is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Medkovets ( Bulgarian : Медковец , pronounced ( mɛtˈkovɛt͡s ) ; also transliterated Medkovec or Medkovetz ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria , part of Montana Province .
Gyaraspur is a panchayat village in the Vidisha district , Madhya Pradesh , India .
Dublin City Council ( Irish : Comhairle Cathrach Bhaile Átha Cliath ) is the authority responsible for local government in the city of Dublin in Ireland .
Mieroszów ( mʲɛˈrɔʂuf ) ( German : Friedland in Niederschlesien ) is a town in Wałbrzych County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , near the border with the Czech Republic .
Cherpuk Group ( Russian : Черпук ) is a group of two cinder cones located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Nommern ( Luxembourgish : Noumer ) is a commune and small town in central Luxembourg , in the canton of Mersch .
Nəcəfəlidizə ( also , Nəcəfəli Dizə , Nadzhafalidiza , and Nadzhav - Ali - Bek - diza ) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Naval and Maritime Academy ( NMA ) , Trincomalee , is the location of initial officer training in the Sri Lanka Navy , and is located within SLN Dockyard , Trincomalee .
Chogha Sabz - e Khoda Nazar ( Persian : چغاسبزخدانظر‎ , also Romanized as Choghā Sabz - e Khodā Naz̧ar ; also known as Khodā Naz̧ar - e Choghā Sabz and Choghā Sabz and Choqā - ye Sabz ) is a village in Suri Rural District , Suri District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sorkhrud ( Persian : سرخرود‎ , also Romanized as Sorkhrūd , Sorkh Rūd , and Surkhrūd ; also known as Sokhrun and Sorkhrūd - e Gharbī ) is a city in and the capital of Sorkhrud District , in Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Taiz International Airport ( IATA : TAI , ICAO : OYTZ ) is a public airport located in Taiz , the capital of the Taiz Governorate , Yemen .
Rém ( Croatian : Rim ) is a village in Bács - Kiskun county , Hungary .
Rogozna ( Serbian Cyrillic : Рогозна ) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia , near the city of Novi Pazar .
Macquarie University Library was the first University in Australia to install an Automated Storage and Retrieval System ( ASRS ) in its Library .
Eastwood Collegiate Institute is a public high school located at 760 Weber Street East in Kitchener , Ontario , Canada .
Nürnberg Hauptbahnhof ( German for Nuremberg main station ) or Nuremberg Central Station is the main railway station serving the city of Nuremberg in Germany .
The celebration of 150 years of the Independence of Colombia in 1969 marks a pattern within the urban context of Paipa .
Schwabstedt ( Danish : Svavsted , North Frisian : Swåbstääist ) is a municipality in the district of Northern Frisia ( Nordfriesland ) , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Minignan ( also spelled Maninian ) is a town in north - western Ivory Coast .
The Lublin Castle ( Polish : Zamek Lubelski ) is a medieval castle situated in Lublin , Poland , adjacent to the Old Town district and close to the city center .
Khuroson District , formerly Ghozimalik District ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Ғозималик ; Persian : ناحیهٔ خراسان‎ ) , is a district in Khatlon province of Tajikistan extending south from national capital Dushanbe toward the provincial capital Kurgan - Tyube ( Qurghonteppa ) .
The Abruzzi Glacier is a glacier north of the Baltoro Kangri peak in Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
Al Daayen ( Arabic : الضعاين‎ ) is a municipality in the state of Qatar .
Ljosheim Chapel ( Norwegian : Ljosheim kapell ) is a chapel in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Kokkinotrimithia ( Greek : Κοκκινοτριμιθιά ( locally ( kot͡ʃʰinotrimiˈθca ) ) ) is a town located west of Nicosia , Cyprus , close to the Green Line .
Maroneia - Sapes ( Greek : Μαρώνεια-Σάπες ) is a municipality in the Rhodope regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
The Kanga Cup is a week - long international youth association football tournament held annually in Canberra , Australia during July .
Trauttmansdorff Castle is a castle located south of the city of Meran , South Tyrol , northern Italy .
NAC Breda ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈnɑk breːˈdaː ) ) , simply often known as NAC , is a Dutch professional football club , based in Breda , The Netherlands .
Kültəpə ( also Aşağı Gültəpə , Gültəpə , and Kyul’tepe ) is a settlement dated from the Eneolithic epoch , a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Věžnička ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvjɛʒɲɪtʃka ) ) is a village in the Jihlava District , Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Al Ain International Airport ( IATA : AAN , ICAO : OMAL ) ( Arabic : مطار العين الدولي‎ ; transliterated : Matar al - Ayn Al - Dowaly ) is an airport located 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ; 9.2 mi ) west north west of Al Ain , United Arab Emirates .
The Little River Branch was a branch line railway that formed part of New Zealand 's national rail network .
Simeiz ( Ukrainian : Сімеїз , Russian : Симеи́з , Crimean Tatar : Simeiz ) is a resort town , an urban - type settlement in Yalta Municipality in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Skongenes Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Skongenes fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Viseu Airport , also known as Gonçalves Lobato Airport is an airport in Viseu , Portugal .
The Coimbra University Stadium ( Portuguese : Estádio Universitário de Coimbra ) , or EUC , is an extensive sports complex of the University of Coimbra on Mondego 's left bank , in Santa Clara parish , in the city of Coimbra , Portugal .
The Yarra Yarra Golf Club is a golf club in Melbourne , Australia .
Patrówek ( paˈtruvɛk ) ( German : Kleinpittsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mount Gambier Prison is the only privately managed prison in South Australia .
Tullyhaw ( Irish : Teallach Eathach ) ( which means ' The Territory of Eochaidh ' , an ancestor of the McGoverns ) is a Barony in County Cavan , Ireland .
Hupperath ( in Eifel dialect : Hauperth ) is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde , a kind of collective municipality -- in the Bernkastel - Wittlich district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Laboratoire d'Annecy - le - Vieux de physique des particules ( in English the Annecy - le - Vieux Particle Physics Laboratory ) , usually abbreviated as LAPP , is a French experimental physics laboratory located in Annecy - le - Vieux in the Savoie region of France .
Orońsko ( ɔˈrɔɲskɔ ) is a village in Szydłowiec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pot Black was a BBC television series of annual snooker tournaments held in the United Kingdom from 1969 to 1986 , which carried no ranking points , but played a large part in the popularisation of the modern game .
Okome is a parish and village in Falkenberg , Sweden .
Starmark Co. , Ltd ( Thai : บริษัท สตาร์มาร์ค จำกัด ) , trading as Starmark ( Thai : สตาร์มาร์ค ) is a privately held , Thailand built - in furniture company that specialize in kitchen and bathroom products .
The Taber Golden Suns were a Junior A ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League based in Taber , Alberta , Canada .
Kamieńczyk - Borowy ( kaˈmjɛɲt͡ʂɨk bɔˈrɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ya'ara ( Hebrew : יַעֲרָה , lit . honeysuckle and honeycomb ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Tubna ( Arabic : تبنة‎ , also spelled Tibna or Tebnah ) is a village in southern Syria , administratively part of the Daraa Governorate in the Hauran region .
Shafir ( Hebrew : שָׁפִיר ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Keitum ( Danish : Kejtum , Frisian : Kairem ) is a village on the North Sea island of Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Yakassé - Attobrou is a town in southeastern Ivory Coast .
Idritsa ( Russian : Идрица ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) in Sebezhsky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia , located on the Idritsa River , a left tributary of the Velikaya River .
Barker railway station was the only intermediate station on the Kew railway line in Melbourne , Australia .
The Teatro Stabile di Catania ( Permanent theatre of Catania ) is a theatrical institution based in Catania , Sicily , Italy which was formed in 1958 .
Duljin ( Persian : دولجين‎ , also Romanized as Dūljīn , Dooljin , and Dūlajīn ; also known as Tūlūn ) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District , Sojas Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Muntelier ( French name : Montilier ) is a municipality in the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Castle Bravo was the code name given to the first United States test of a dry fuel hydrogen bomb , detonated on March 1 , 1954 , at Bikini Atoll , Marshall Islands , as the first test of Operation Castle .
Heungin - dong is a legal dong , or neighbourhood of the Jung - gu district in Seoul , South Korea and governed by its administrative dong , Sindang 1-dong .
Birtvisi ( Georgian : ბირთვისი ) is a ruined medieval fortress in Kvemo Kartli , Georgia , nested within limestone cliffs in the Algeti river gorge .
Wankar Quta Qullu ( Aymara wankara a kind of drum , quta lake , qullu mountain , `` wankara lake mountain '' , also spelled Huancar Kkota Kkollu ) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia , about 4,900 metres ( 16,076 ft ) high .
Yeghnik ( Armenian : Եղնիկ , also Romanized as Eghnik and Yekhnik ; until 1946 , Dadalu ) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Sriram Engineering College ( Tamil : ஸ்ரீராம் பொறியியல் கல்லூரி ) is an engineering college in Perumalpattu , Tiruvallur Dt . , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Terra Nova River ( Pernambuco ) is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil .
The Dilmun Burial Mounds are a number of necropolis areas on the main island of Bahrain dating back to the Dilmun , the Umm an - Nar Culture and later eras .
Monte Croce di Muggio is a mountain of Lombardy in Italy with an elevation of 1,799 m ( 5,902 ft ) .
Baneh County ( Persian : شهرستان بانه‎ ) is a county in Kordestan Province in Iran .
Dramsha or Drumsha ( Bulgarian : Дръмша ) is a village in Kostinbrod Municipality , Sofia Province Bulgaria .
Vaalwater is a small town situated on the Mokolo River in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
Ramjin ( Persian : رامجين‎ , also Romanized as Rāmjīn ; also known as Ramandeh ) is a village in Ramjin Rural District , Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The City of Ryde is a local government area that services certain suburbs located within the Lower North Shore and Northern Suburbs of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Kyiv National Linguistic University ( Ukrainian : Київський національний лінгвістичний університет ) is a higher education institution in Kyiv , Ukraine .
Bagaces District is a district in Bagaces Canton , in the Guanacaste Province of Costa Rica .
The Magi Chapel is the chapel in the Palazzo Medici Riccardi of Florence , Italy .
Kanata Lakes also known as Marchwood - Lakeside is a neighbourhood in Kanata North Ward in the west end of the City of Ottawa , Canada .
Jahangirak ( Persian : جهانگیرک ‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Atomfjella is a mountain range in Ny - Friesland at Spitsbergen , Svalbard , Norway .
Canumã River ( Portuguese : Rio Canumã ) is a river in the Amazonas state in north - western Brazil .
Prerow boasts the oldest lighthouse in Germany ; it celebrated its 160th anniversary in 2008 .
Czułówek ( t͡ʂuˈwuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Aohan Banner ( Mongolian : ᠠᠤᠬᠠᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Auqan qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 敖汉旗 ; traditional Chinese : 敖漢旗 ; pinyin : Áohàn Qí ) is a banner of southeastern Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China , bordering Liaoning province to the south .
Çöl Dəllək ( also , Chël’dellyak and Chol''-Dallyak ) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Larema ( Persian : لارما‎ , also Romanized as Lāremā and Lārmā ) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Frederiksberg Gardens ( Danish : Frederiksberg Have ) is one of the largest and most attractive greenspaces in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Oshnar ( Persian : اشنار‎ , also Romanized as Oshnār ) is a village in Barvanan - e Sharqi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
DSC Indoor Arena is a description of a new multi - use indoor arena in Dubai , United Arab Emirates that was under construction until construction stopped because of the late-2000s recession .
King Sabata Dalindyebo Local Municipality is a municipality situated in the inland of Eastern Cape Province in South Africa .
Røros Airport ( IATA : RRS , ICAO : ENRO ; Norwegian : Røros lufthavn ) is a regional airport located 2 kilometers ( 1.2 mi ) from the town of Røros , Norway .
The Moose Jaw Canadian National Railway Station ( located in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan , Canada ) was designed by John Schoefield and built by the Canadian National Railway in 1919 .
Przemyśl County ( Polish : powiat przemyski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , south - eastern Poland , on the border with Ukraine .
Bukachivtsi ( Ukrainian : Букачівці ; Polish : Bukaczowce ) is an urban - type settlement in Rohatyn Raion of Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast in Ukraine .
Mount Barrow ( Aboriginal : Pialermeliggener AU pronunciation : /ˌpiːælˈmiːˈlɪɡˈdjɛnˈnər/ ) is a mountain in the northern region of Tasmania , Australia .
South Ververy or Bherbheri is a small village in the north of Bangladesh under Nilphamari District and Kishoreganj Upazila .
Pachel Chalavaz ( Persian : پاچل چلاوز‎ , also Romanized as Pāchel Chalāvaz ) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Amir - ud - daula Public Library ( Hindi : अमीर-उद-दौला पब्लिक लाइब्रेरी , Urdu : امر-اد-دلا پبلک لائبریری‎ ) , is a public library in Lucknow , India .
Konavle ( pronounced ( kɔ̌naːv̞lɛ ) ; Italian : Canali or Valle dei Canali ) is a small region and municipality located southeast of Dubrovnik , Croatia .
Zahrisht is a village in Kukës County , northeastern Albania .
Juraqan ( Persian : جورقان‎ , also Romanized as Jūraqān , Jarūqān , and Jowraqān ; also known as Jooraghan , Jūrūghan , and Jūzghān ) is a city in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Sisterna is one of eleven parishes ( administrative divisions ) in the municipality of Ibias , within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Tarczyn ( ˈtart͡ʂɨn ) is a town in Poland , located in Masovian Voivodeship , about 30 kilometres ( 19 miles ) south of Warsaw .
Debal ( Sindhi : ديبل‎ ) was an ancient port located near modern Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Scotts Road is a road located in central area of Singapore .
Spissøy or Spyssøya is an island in Bømlo municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Kaltern Friary is a Franciscan friary in Kaltern ( sometimes called Kaltern an der Weinstraße ) , South Tyrol , Italy .
The coal mines attracted glass manufacturer John Robert Lucas , who in 1788 established the Nailsea Glassworks that became the fourth - largest of its kind in the United Kingdom , mostly producing low - grade bottle glass .
Basarbovo Monastery ( Bulgarian : Басарбовски манастир ) - the Monastery of Saint Dimitar Basarbowski - is a Bulgarian - orthodox cave monastery near the city of Ruse in north - eastern Bulgaria .
Molla Piri ( Persian : ملاپيري‎ , also Romanized as Mollā Pīrī ; also known as Mollā Parī and Mullah Pīri ) is a village in Saidabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Birougou National Park , also known as the Monts Birougou Wetlands , is a national park in central Gabon .
The Folies Bergère ( French pronunciation : ​(fɔ.li bɛʁ.ʒɛʁ ) ) is a cabaret music hall , located in Paris , France .
Kalasatama metro station ( Finnish : Kalasataman metroasema , Swedish : Fiskehamnens metrostation ) is a station on the Helsinki Metro , in the capital city of Finland .
Iğdır Airport ( IATA : IGD , ICAO : LTCT ) ( Turkish : Iğdır Havalimanı ) is a public airport in Iğdır , located in Iğdır Province , Turkey .
The Browns polymetallic ore deposit is a large ore deposit located at Mount Fitch , near Batchelor , 64 kilometres south of Darwin , Northern Territory , Australia .
Stari Lec ( Serbian Cyrillic : Стари Лец ) is a village in Serbia .
Semizovac is a village in the Vogošća municipality , near Sarajevo , Sarajevo Canton , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Recherche Archipelago Nature Reserve is a protected area located in the Recherche Archipelago off the south coast of Western Australia .
Kaikorai Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian congregation of the PCANZ Presbyterian Church of Aotearoa New Zealand located in Kaikorai , a suburb of Dunedin , New Zealand .
Ennis Avenue is a major road between Rockingham and its southern suburbs and is part of Australia 's National Highway 1 for all of its length .
Baker Inlet is an inlet in the North Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , extending east from Grenville Channel opposite Pitt Island , to the south of Kumealon Inlet .
Marblerock Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island , Canada , at the head of Marblerock Creek .
The San Pedro Cemetery Museum is a cemetery and museum located in Medellín , Colombia .
The Monte Viso Tunnel ( Italian : Buco di Viso ) is an Alpine tunnel built during the Renaissance and located eight kilometres north of Monviso ( Cottian Alps ) , northern Italy .
Sabalito is a small town of fewer than a hundred houses in the county of Coto Brus , province of Puntarenas of Costa Rica .
Basse Casamance National Park , located near Oussouye in Ziguinchor , is one of six national parks in Senegal .
Agartala Airport ( IATA : IXA , ICAO : VEAT ) is a domestic airport located 12 km ( 6.5 nautical miles ) northwest of the city of Agartala , the capital of the state of Tripura in India .
Rit'iqucha ( Quechua rit'i snow , qucha lake , `` snow lake '' , hispanicized spelling Riticocha ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,100 metres ( 16,732 ft ) high .
Llanquihue River ( Spanish : Río Llanquihue ) is a river in the commune of Panguipulli , southern Chile .
Fatullah ( Bengali : ফতুল্লা ) is a town on the southern outskirts of Dhaka , in central Bangladesh , close to the town of Narayanganj .
Mrozy Małe ( ˈmrɔzɨ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Mrosen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Matanukulaelae is an uninhabited islet of Nukufetau , Tuvalu .
Abu Hail ( Arabic : أبو هيل‎ ) is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
The Goh Keng Swee Command and Staff College ( GKS CSC ) is one of five officer schools of the SAFTI Military Institute of the Singapore Armed Forces ( SAF ) .
Tamwe Township ( also Tarmwe Township ; Burmese : တာမွေ မြို့နယ် , pronounced : ( tàmwè mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is located in east central Yangon , Myanmar .
Arif Wala railway station ( Urdu : عارف والا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Arifwala , Pakistan .
The population of Inverkeilor parish in the United Kingdom Census 2001 was 972 , up from 902 in 1991 .
Claira ( Catalan : Clairà ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
The Tauanui River is a river of the South Wairarapa District of the Wellington Region of New Zealand 's North Island .
The Irish Rovers is a group of Irish musicians , half of whom now live in Canada .
Gurguri is a village and Union Council of Karak District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Søtorvet ( lit . `` The Lake Square '' ) is an elegant late 19th century residential development facing The Lakes in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Kārte Seh ( Third Quarter ) is a neighbourhood in western Kabul , Afghanistan , primed to become Kabul 's governmental hub .
Zintan ( Arabic : الزنتان‎ , Amazigh : Tigharmin , meaning `` small castles '' ) is one of the biggest cities in north western Libya , situated roughly 136 kilometres ( 85 mi ) southwest of Tripoli , in the Nafusa Mountains area .
Witanki ( viˈtaŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Šurjan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Шурјан ) is a village in Serbia .
Lubomyśle ( lubɔˈmɨɕlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Apellániz ( Apiñaniz in Basque ) is a town located in the municipality of Arraia - Maeztu , in the province of Álava ( Araba ) , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Operación Ogro ( Operation Ogre ) was the name given by the Basque liberation group ETA ( Euskadi Ta Askatasuna ) to its assassination of Admiral Luis Carrero Blanco , the Prime Minister of Spain , on 20 December 1973 .
Chapada Diamantina ( Portuguese for the `` Diamond Plateau '' ) is a region of Bahia state , in the Northeast of Brazil .
Bunbury Bridge was a single - track , timber railway bridge in East Perth in Western Australia .
Sankt Willibald , officially St. Willibald , is a municipality in the district of Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
SIA Glass is a company in Slöinge , Falkenberg Municipality , Sweden .
The Wairau River is one of the longest rivers in New Zealand 's South Island .
Babahoyo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( baβaˈoʝo ) ) , founded September 30 , 1948 , by legislative decree , is the capital of the Los Ríos province of Ecuador .
Tupiza Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Tupiza , ICAO : SLTZ ) is a public use airport located 16 kilometres ( 10 mi ) northeast of Tupiza , Potosí , Bolivia .
Sri Jaya or Kampung Sri Jaya is a small village in Pahang , Malaysia , about 63 km from Kuantan .
Riverside Rowing Club Incorporated ( RRC ) is a non profit association located in South Australia .
Tongkah Harbour Public Company Limited is a mining company and property developer in Thailand .
The Museo Nacional de Arte ( MUNAL ) ( English : National Museum of Art ) is the Mexican national art museum , located in the historical center of Mexico City .
Porto de Sanabria ( Galician : Porto de Seabra ; Leonese : Porto de Senabria ) , also known as Porto , is a municipality located in the province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .
Svartöstaden is a residential area in Luleå , Sweden .
Noshur - e Sofla ( Persian : نشورسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Noshūr - e Soflá ; also known as Āsīāb Barq ) is a village in Avalan Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Atmajyoti Ashram is a Hindu temple in Vadodara in Gujarat , India .
Colaba Observatory was an astronomical , timekeeping , geomagnetic and meteorological observatory located on the Island of Colaba , Mumbai ( Bombay ) , India .
Boké is the capital city of Boké Prefecture within the Boké Region of Lower Guinea near the border with Guinea - Bissau .
Alakin ( Persian : الاكين‎ , also Romanized as Ālākīn ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubesharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Royal Patriotic Society ( Kungliga Patriotiska Sällskapet ) is a Swedish royal society founded in 1772 in Stockholm , Sweden , by royal charter of King Gustav III of Sweden , with the aim of improving Sweden 's economy , particularly agriculture , mining and the textile industry .
The Großer Muntanitz ( 3,232 m ) is the highest mountain in the Granatspitze Group , located between the Venediger Group and the Glockner Group in the High Tauern , Austria .
Club Hotel de la Ventana was a large , luxurious hotel resort , built by the Buenos Aires Great Southern Railway and opened in 1911 near Villa Ventana , 17 km from the town of Sierra de La Ventana , in the southeast of the Province of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Falun Municipality ( Falu kommun ) is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden .
Baltistan Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary covering an area of 415 square kilometres ( 102,549 acres ; 41,500 ha ) in the Baltistan region of northern Pakistan .
Capçanes is a Catalan village in the province of Tarragona in north - eastern Spain .
The Te Aro Extension , also known as the Te Aro Branch , was a short branch line railway in Wellington , New Zealand continuing the Wairarapa Line southwards .
Bakovci ( Hungarian : Barkócz ) is a village in the Municipality of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region in northeastern Slovenia .
Verenahof ( aka . Büttenharter Hof or Verenahöfe ) was a German exclave in Switzerland , administratively part of the German town of Wiechs am Randen ( which is now part of the town of Tengen ) .
Pretoria North ( Afrikaans : Pretoria - Noord ) is a suburb of the city of Pretoria in Gauteng , South Africa , with a population of 12,972 people according to the 2011 census .
Caserta railway station ( IATA : CTJ ) ( Italian : Stazione di Caserta ) serves the city and comune of Caserta , in the region of Campania , southern Italy .
Mravljača ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мрављача ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hušica ( pronounced ( ˈxuːʃitsa ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Tauranga Eastern Link ( TEL ) is a four lane motorway in the Bay of Plenty region in New Zealand that was officially opened on 30 July 2015 to replace a section of State Highway 2 .
Norra Bankogränd ( Swedish : `` Northern Bank Alley '' ) is an alley in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden .
The Galenstock ( 3,586 m ) is the fourth highest mountain in the Urner Alps in Switzerland .
Mount Huye is a mountain located near to the city of Butare in southern Rwanda .
Pakelat ( Persian : پاكلات‎ , also Romanized as Pākelāt ) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Rund um die Hainleite is a classic cycling race in and around the German city of Erfurt , Germany .
Salteh ( Persian : سالطه‎ , also Romanized as Sālteh and Sālţeh ; also known as Sāltā and Salti Bulāq ) is a village in Bastam Rural District , in the Central District of Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The event , rated one of Canada 's best - rated obstacle events in 2013 , has been hosted at Albion Hills Conservation Area since 2012 , and brings in around 8,000 participants yearly .
The Barbagia di Seulo is a historical subregion of central - eastern Sardinia , Italy .
Partyzanske ( Ukrainian : Партизанське ; Russian : Партизанское ; Crimean Tatar : Partizanskoye ) is a rural settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Biabanak Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بيابانك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kembanur is a small village which is located in Marudur panchayat next to Coimbatore city , Tamil Nadu , India .
As of 2008 , Glay had sold an estimated 51 million records ; 28 million singles and 23 million albums , making them one of the top ten best - selling artists of all time in Japan .
Barya Khan ( Persian : برياخان‎ , also Romanized as Baryā Khān and Beryā Khān ; also known as Biria Khan ) is a village in Yeylan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Bohemian - Moravian Highlands ( Czech : Českomoravská vrchovina or Vysočina ; German : Böhmisch - Mährische Höhe ) is an extensive and long range of hills and low mountains over 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) long , which runs in a northeasterly direction across the Czech Republic and forms the border between Bohemia and Moravia .
Hostal Palanques is a hostal located at Avinguda Sant Antoni , 16 in La Massana Parish , Andorra .
Bolshiye Kaybitsy ( tat . Ola Kaybych , Olı Qaybıç ) is a village in the Republic of Tartarstan in Russia .
Bagh - e Shali ( Persian : باغ شلي‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Shālī and Bāgh - e Sholī ; also known as Bābh - e Sholī ) is a village in Kaki Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Peda Bondapalli ( or Pedabondapalle ) is a village / Gram panchayat in Parvathipuram mandal , Vizianagaram district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Dinosaur Beds is a geological formation in Malawi whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous .
Meulan - en - Yvelines ( formerly Meulan ) is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Anamulenge is a former Catholic mission station in the Omusati Region in the north of Namibia in the Ombalantu tribal area .
Javorik ( Cyrillic : Јаворик ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Fendalton Open Air School is a primary school in Christchurch , New Zealand known for its open - air classrooms .
Qazi Qushchi ( Persian : قاضي قوشچي‎ , also Romanized as Qāẕī Qūshchī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival is North America 's largest documentary film festival , conference and market , held annually in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Zuidlaren ( Noordenvelds : Zuudlaoren ) is a village in the province of Drenthe in the Northern Netherlands .
Szőlőskislak ( also Szőllőskislak , Szőlős - Kislak ) is a village in Somogy County , Hungary .
The 2013 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships were held in Antwerp , Belgium , from 30 September to 6 October 2013 at Antwerp 's Sports Palace .
Tanguyeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : تنگويه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tangūyeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Tankūīyeh - ye Soflá and Tangūyeh - ye Pāeen ) is a village in Zakharuiyeh Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Duronto Express services connect the several metros and major state capitals of India .
Killa Mach'ay ( Quechua inka Inca , mach'ay cave , `` moon cave '' , also spelled Killa Machay , Killamachay , Quillamachay ) is an archaeological site with rock paintings and petroglyphs in Peru .
Slaka is a locality situated in Linköping Municipality , Östergötland County , Sweden with 592 inhabitants in 2010 .
Thomas Reddall High School is a public coeducational high school in the suburb of Ambarvale , New South Wales , Australia .
Mazraeh Emam ( Persian : مزرعه امام‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh Emam ) is a village in Bafran Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 851 , in 255 families .
The Cloncurry River is situated in the Gulf Country of north west Queensland , Australia .
Jado Wahan ( جادو وهان ) is the Union Council of Gambat district , Khairpur mirs , Sindh , Pakistan .
The Great Britain national baseball team is the national men 's baseball team of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .
Beharbari is a locality in southern part of Guwahati in India that neighbors the Lalmati and Lokhra localities .
Nicholas Palace ( Russian : Николаевский дворец , Nikolayevsky dvorets ) was one of several St Petersburg palaces designed by Andreas Stackensneider ( 1802 - 65 ) for the children of Nicholas I of Russia .
Martuba Air Base is a Libyan Air Force ( Arabic : القوات الجوية الليبية‎ , Berber : Adwas Alibyan Ujnna ) base in the Derna District of Libya , located approximately 27 kilometres ( 17 mi ) south - southeast of Derna , 268 kilometres ( 167 mi ) east - northeast of Benghazi .
Cedry ( ˈt͡sɛdrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Wechiau is a small town and is the capital of Wa West district , a district in the Upper West Region of north Ghana .
Slovenski Javornik ( pronounced ( slɔˈʋeːnski ˈjaːʋɔɾnik ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Jesenice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kamsack , Saskatchewan , Canada is a town , located in the Assiniboine River Valley where the Whitesand River joins the Assiniboine River .
Jarantów ( jaˈrantuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Høre stave church ( Høre Stavkyrkje ) is a stave church located at Ryfoss in Vang municipality , Valdres , Norway .
Aquarium and Natural History Museum in Kraków ( formerly the Museum of Natural Science Institute of Systematics and Evolution of Animals PAS ) is public aquarium and museum at St. Sebastian 9th in Kraków , Poland .
Lago di Scandarello is a reservoir in the Province of Rieti , Lazio , Italy .
Amreli is a city and a municipality in Amreli district of the Saurashtra region in the state of Gujarat , India .
The Palmerston Forts are a group of forts and associated structures built during the Victorian period on the recommendations of the 1860 Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom .
The Canton of Aix - en - Provence - Sud - Ouest is a former canton located including part of the commune of Aix - en - Provence in the Bouches - du - Rhône department of France .
Sulukule ( literally : `` Water tower '' ) is a historic settlement in the Fatih district of Istanbul , Turkey .
Čevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чево ) , historically also known as Kčevo ( Кчево ) , is a village in the Cetinje Municipality , in central Montenegro .
Huldange ( Luxembourgish : Huldang , German : Huldingen ) is a small town in the commune of Troisvierges , in far northern Luxembourg .
Samburu County is a county in the former Rift Valley Province , Kenya .
Dinguiraye is a small town in northern Guinea , known for its large mosque which until recently was thatched .
Mount Tigalalu at the western side of Halmahera island , Indonesia , is a stratovolcano located at the western end of Kayoa Island .
Khanbumbat Airport ( Mongolian : Ханбумбат нисэх буудал , also Oyu Tolgoi Airport ) is an airport in Khanbogd , Ömnögovi , Mongolia .
Bagan Lalang is a coastal beach in the Sepang district in the state of Selangor in Malaysia .
Van Stadens Pass , is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa , on the national road N2 , between Port Elizabeth and Humansdorp .
Łęg Przedmiejski ( ˈwɛnk pʂɛdˈmjɛi̯ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ferrocarril de Langreo or FC de Langreo was a Spanish railway company which operated a 1,435 mm ( 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in ) line , in the Autonomous Community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Ceredigion is one of only two places in the United Kingdom with a permanent summer residence of bottlenose dolphins .
Ta Keo ( Khmer : ប្រាសាទតាកែវ ) is a temple - mountain , in Angkor ( Cambodia ) , possibly the first to be built entirely of sandstone by Khmers .
Middenmeer Aerodrome ( Dutch : Vliegveld Middenmeer ) is a small airfield in the town of Middenmeer , Netherlands .
It is the administrative centre of Spittal an der Drau District , Austria 's second largest district ( Bezirk ) by area .
The Couvent des Minimes de Grenoble ( English : Minim Monastery of Grenoble ) is a former monastery constructed about 1644 by the Minim friars , a semi - contemplative mendicant order , which is located on the Rue du Vieux Temple in Grenoble , France .
Shibis District ( Somali : Degmada Shibis ) is a district of the southeastern Banaadir region of Somalia .
Schule Birklehof is a prestigious independent boarding school located in Hinterzarten in the High Black Forest region of southwestern Germany , approximately 25 km from Freiburg .
Albanian Alternative ( Montenegrin : Albanska Alternativa , Albanian : Alternativa Shqiptare ) is a political party in Montenegro .
Lisabad ( Persian : ليس اباد‎ , also Romanized as Līsābād ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Krasnodar ( Russian : Краснода́р ; IPA : ( krəsnɐˈdar ) ) is a city and the administrative center of Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Kuban River , approximately 148 kilometers ( 92 mi ) northeast of the Black Sea port of Novorossiysk .
Southland District is a territorial authority in the South Island of New Zealand .
The Picos de Europa National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional de Picos de Europa ) is a National Park in the Picos de Europa mountain range , in northern Spain .
The Corn Islands ( Spanish : Las Islas del Maíz ) are two islands about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) east of the Caribbean coast of Nicaragua , constituting one of 12 municipalities of the South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region .
PNTC Colleges , formerly known as Philippine Nautical and Technological College , is a private , non - sectarian Higher Education Institution ( HEI ) and an accredited Maritime Training Education ( MET ) provider in the Philippines .
Yakimovo ( Bulgarian : Якимово ; pronounced ( jakimuvu ) ; also transliterated Jakimovo or Iakimovo ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria , part of Montana Province .
Paso del Molino ( Mill 's Crossing ) is a barrio ( neighbourhood or district ) of Montevideo , capital of Uruguay .
Sâmbăta de Sus Monastery ( Romanian : Mănăstirea Sâmbăta de Sus ) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Sâmbăta de Sus , Brașov County , in the Transylvania region of Romania .
Bad Oeynhausen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbat ˈøːnhaʊzn̩ ) ) ( Low German : Bad Öinusen ) is a spa town on the southern edge of the Wiehengebirge in the district of Minden - Lübbecke in the East - Westphalia - Lippe region of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Westerlichttoren or West Schouwen is a lighthouse in Haamstede , Netherlands .
Theletra ( Greek : Θελέτρα ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 3 km east of Kathikas .
North Sydney Boys High School is an academically selective , public high school for boys , located at Crows Nest in Sydney , Australia .
Bjørøya is an island in the Folda sea , just south of the Namsenfjorden in the municipality of Flatanger in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Hotel de l'Europe is a five - star hotel located on the Amstel river in the centre of Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Gavdel ( Persian : گاودل‎ , also Romanized as Gāvdel ; also known as Gāvdūl ) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Batticaloa Gate is monument , which was used as port to connect Puliyanthivu ( island ) with the mainland of Batticaloa , Sri Lanka .
The Chaîne des Puys is a north - south oriented chain of cinder cones , lava domes , and maars in the Massif Central of France .
Romtha , Ramtha , Ramoth , Ar Ramtha , Al Romtha , Ermeith , Ramath , Ramtha'a are all names for the same region , a flat location 30 km north - east of Jordan River .
Boshruy ( Persian : بشروي‎ , also Romanized as Boshrūy ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bid Qatar - e Bon Rud ( Persian : بيدقطاربن رود‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Qaţār - e Bon Rūd ; also known as Bīdqaţār ) is a village in Dasht - e Arzhan Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Plzeň Zoo , ( Zoologická a botanická zahrada města Plzně ) is a Czech zoo , located in Plzeň in Czech Republic .
Qareh Khan - e Sofla ( Persian : قره خان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Khān - e Soflá ; also known as Qareh Khān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Yashilkul is a freshwater lake in Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province , in southeast Tajikistan , about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) east of the provincial capital of Khorugh .
Hajjiabad - e Kark ( Persian : حاجي ابادكرك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Kark ; also known as Ḩājīābād , Haji Abad Olya , and Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Giyan Rural District , Giyan District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Hutatma Chowk ( Marathi : हुतात्मा चौक ) ( `` Martyrs ' Square '' ) is the official name of a square in South Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Hueicolla is a beach and hamlet ( Spanish : caserío ) at the sparsely populated coast of La Unión commune , southern Chile .
Kumai is a port in Central Kalimantan province in Indonesia , on the island of Borneo .
Banco Macro is the second largest domestically - owned private bank in Argentina , and the sixth - largest by deposits and lending .
Recice ( rɛˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Punta Caucedo is a small cape located in the south coast of the Dominican Republic , 15 miles ( 24 km ) east from Santo Domingo .
Motukawanui Island is an island in the Bay of Islands of New Zealand , and is located approximately four kilometres northeast from Matauri Bay .
Basket - Hall Krasnodar , or Baskethall - Krasnodar , ( Russian : Баскет-Холл Краснодар ) is a multi - purpose indoor arena that is located in Krasnodar , Russia .
Dolenji Suhor pri Vinici ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnji ˈsuːxɔɾ pɾi ˈʋiːnitsi ) ; German : Untersuchor ) is a settlement halfway between Dragatuš and Vinica in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Jimena de la Frontera is a historic town and municipality located in the province of Cádiz , Spain .
Pointe - Noire Bay ( French : Baie de Pointe - Noire ) is a small bay in the Republic of the Congo , at 4.7433333 ° S 11.8252778 ° E. The city of Pointe - Noire lies at the end of the bay .
Shpaky ( Ukrainian : Шпаки ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
The Quirimbas Islands lie in the Indian Ocean off northeastern Mozambique , close to Pemba , the capital of the province of Cabo Delgado .
Niżatyce ( ɲiʐaˈtɨt͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Нижатичі , Nyzhatychi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Hunt River greenstone belt , also called the Hunt River volcanic belt , is a northeast trending Mesoarchean greenstone belt in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada , located along the coast of Labrador about 25 km ( 16 mi ) west of the town of Hopedale .
Sherbro International Airport ( IATA : BTE , ICAO : GFBN ) was an international airport located outside the town of Bonthe on Sherbro Island , Sierra Leone .
Zülpich is a town in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany between Aachen and Bonn .
Rambwe is a village in the Commune of Mpanda in Bubanza Province in north western Burundi .
Klarynowo ( klarɨˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork , within Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Runestones of Högby are runestones located in the village of Högby in Östergötland , Sweden , but the name Högby runestone ( Swedish : Högbystenen ) usually refers to the notable Ög 81 .
The Faran Valley ( Wadi Faran ) ( Arabic : وادي فاران ) is a valley in central Saudi Arabia .
Grinnell Peninsula is a peninsula in northwestern Devon Island in Nunavut , Canada .
Museo Naval de San Fernando is a naval museum located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
The first postwar Poland 's Wedding to the Sea was performed in Mrzeżyno on 17 March 1945 , as Regamünde became part of Poland , according to the Potsdam Conference which ceded most of the German province of Pomerania to the People 's Republic of Poland .
Sabz Gaz - e Sofla ( Persian : سبزگزسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sabz Gaz - e Soflá ; also known as Sabz Gaz - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sospel Cathedral ( Cocathédrale Saint - Michel de Sospel ) is a Roman Catholic church and former cathedral in the town of Sospel , France .
The Szigetköz ( German : Kleine Schüttinsel or Little Schütt Island , Slovak : Malý Žitný ostrov or Little Rye Island ) is an island plain in Western Hungary , part of the Little Hungarian Plain .
Nowe Osipy ( ˈnɔvɛ ɔˈɕipɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Soniachna Dolyna ( Ukrainian : Сонячна Долина ; Russian : Солнечная Долина ; literally , Sunny Valley ) is a village in the Sudak Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
The Brebu Monastery in Romania is one of the most important architectural achievements of the rule of Matei Basarab and of Romanian art in the 17th century .
Havashanq ( Persian : هواشانق‎ , also Romanized as Havāshānq ; also known as Abashan and Āvāshānaq ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Woerden railway station ( Dutch : Station Woerden ) is the railway station of Woerden , the Netherlands .
Bourbon Dolphin was an anchor handling tug supply vessel ( AHTS ) of Bourbon Offshore Norway .
Gusinje ( Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic : Гусиње , Serbian pronunciation : ( ɡǔsiɲe ) , Albanian : Gucia ) is a small town and municipality in eastern Montenegro .
The Bay of Kompong Som is a southern bay of Cambodia .
Bala Mahalleh - ye Barka Deh ( Persian : بالامحله بركاده‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh - ye Barkā Deh ; also known as Barkādeh and Bozkāh Deh ) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District , Kuchesfahan District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Coutevroult is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region ini north - central France .
Castel de Cabra is a municipality in Cuencas Mineras , province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
Bhawani Chali or Bhawani Challi ( Urdu : بھوانی چلی ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of S.I.T.E. Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Golbo ( Kyrgyz : Голбо ) is a small village located in Leilek District of Batken Region , Kyrgyzstan .
Ballsbridge or Ball 's Bridge ( Irish : Droichead na Dothra , meaning `` Dodder bridge '' ) is a bridge in Dublin , Ireland .
Long Sukang ( also known as Sukang ) is a Lun Bawang settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Ch'uwañuma ( Aymara ch'uwaña oozing of water and other liquids / melting of metals and other things , uma water , `` oozing water '' , hispanicized spelling Chuañuma ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,400 metres ( 17,717 ft ) high .
Marmilla is a natural region of southern - central Sardinia , Italy .
Vrelo Bosne ( pronounced ( ʋrê.lo bôs.neː ) ; English : spring of the Bosna river ) is a public park , featuring a spring of the River Bosna , at the foothills of the Mount Igman on the outskirts of Sarajevo , capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Clarke Stadium , is a multipurpose facility located in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Neve Yam ( Hebrew : נְוֵה יָם , lit . Sea Home ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Gloucestershire Parkway railway station is a proposed railway station to be located just outside Gloucester on the A40 road at Elmbridge Court , England , United Kingdom .
Annasaheb Dange College of Engineering & Technology ( ADCET ) is an engineering education institute in the city of Ashta , Maharashtra about 20 km from Sangli city India .
Santa Maria della Mercede a Montecalvario ( known also as the church of Montecalvario ) is a church located on largo Montecalvario in Naples , Italy .
Radziądz ( ˈrad͡ʑɔnt͡s ) ( German : Radungen ; until 1936 : Radziuns ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmigród , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Coalition Avenir Québec ( CAQ ; pronounced : ( kɔ.a.li.sjɔ̃ av.niʁ ke.bɛk ) , `` Coalition for Quebec 's Future '' ) , is a centre - right provincial political party in Quebec , Canada .
Islay LIMPET is the world 's first commercial wave power device connected to the United Kingdom 's National Grid .
The Dyke Ditch ( German : Dammgraben ) is the longest artificial ditch in the Upper Harz in central Germany .
Mazraeh - ye Askar Sheybani ( Persian : مزرعه عسكرشيباني‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye `` Askar Sheybānī ) is a village in Kamin Rural District , in the Central District of Pasargad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 22 , in 6 families .
Tal - e Reis ( Persian : تل رئيس‎ , also Romanized as Tal - e Re’īs , Tol Ra’īs , and Tol - e Ra’īs ; also known as Tolombeh - ye Ra’īsī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Poondi estate is a permanently settled zamindari estate in the Thanjavur district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Lodhi Road ( Hindi : लोधी मार्ग , Urdu : لودھی مارگ ) in New Delhi , India , is named after the Lodhi Gardens located on it .
Piveh Zhan ( Persian : پيوه ژن‎ , also Romanized as Pīveh Zhan ; also known as Bivāzhān ) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Samita ( saˈmita ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Oestinghausen is a village in the municipality of Lippetal in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany with a population of 1.944 ( as of 30 June 2012 ) .
Plaisance - du - Sud ( Haitian Creole : Plezans disid ) is a commune in the Anse - à - Veau Arrondissement , in the Nippes Department of Haiti .
Ålesund Airport , Sørneset ( Norwegian : Ålesund sjøflyplass , Sørneset ) was a water aerodrome and later heliport situated at Nørvevika and later Sørneset in Ålesund , Norway .
Purvis Bay is located in the Florida Islands , which are part of the Solomon Islands .
Fishtë is a settlement in the former Blinisht municipality , in Lezhë County , northwestern Albania .
Fay - e Seyyed Mohammad ( Persian : فاي سيدمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Fāy - e Seyyed Moḩammad and Fāy Seyyed Moḩammed ; also known as Fāy ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Warlubie ( varˈlubjɛ ) ( German : Warlubien ) is a village in Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
El Conde is an archeological site located at Ozumba Street , El Conde , three block north the Mayo 1 Ave . , in the municipality of Naucalpan , Mexico State .
Colac Bay / Oraka is a small township situated on the bay of the same name , and located on the Southern Scenic Route , 10 minutes from Riverton , New Zealand .
Kalashi - ye Abdol Qader ( Persian : كلاشي عبدالقادر‎ , also Romanized as Kalāshī - ye ʿAbdol Qāder ; also known as Kalāshī ) is a village in Dasht - e Zahab Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Mary International Airport is the third largest international airport in Turkmenistan .
Tang Gewog is a gewog ( village block ) of Bumthang District , Bhutan .
Chuncheon Civic Stadium ( Korean : 춘천공설운동장 ) is a multi - purpose stadium located in Chuncheon , Gangwon - do , South Korea .
Omplos ( Greek : Ομπλός ) is a mountain in Achaea , Greece .
Tronstad is a small village south of Sylling in Lier municipality , Norway .
Podsmreka Castle ( Slovene : grad Podsmreka , German : Burg Smreck ) is a 16th - century mansion located in the settlement of Podsmreka pri Višnji Gori , in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica , southeastern Slovenia .
CRT Group is an intermodal transport company in Australia .
Czortowice ( t͡ʂɔrtɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Shesh Narm ( Persian : شش نرم‎ ) is a village in Nurabad Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Gualeguay River ( Spanish Río Gualeguay ) is one of the major rivers of the Mesopotamic province of Entre Ríos , Argentina .
The David Collection ( Danish : Davids Samling ) is a museum of fine and applied art in Copenhagen , Denmark , built around the private collections of lawyer , businessman and art collector C. L. David .
Dinavar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دينور‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Choqapur Aliabad ( Persian : چقاپورعالي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Choqāpūr ʿĀlīābād ) is a village in Rumeshkhan Rural District , Central District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Thine Eyes Bleed is a melodic death metal band from London , Ontario and Canada .
Alamut Geographic Region ( Persian : الموت‎‎ ; Alamūt ) is a region in Iran including western and eastern parts in the western edge of the Alborz ( Elburz ) range , between the dry and barren plain of Qazvin in the south and the densely forested slopes of the Mazandaran province in the north .
Zazul ( Persian : ززول‎ , also Romanized as Zazūl ) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Strumyani ( Bulgarian : Струмяни , pronounced ( struˈmʲani ) ; also transliterated Strumjani or Strumiani ) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria , part of Blagoevgrad Province .
Tročany ( Hungarian Trocsány ) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north - east Slovakia .
Banatski Monoštor ( Serbian Cyrillic : Банатски Моноштор ; Hungarian : Kanizsamonostor ) is a village in Serbia .
The waterfall Háifoss ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈhaːu.ɪˌfɔsː ) ) is situated near the volcano Hekla in the south of Iceland .
The EME Temple or `` Dakshinamurty Temple '' is a Shiva Temple run by Indian Army Authorities in the city of Vadodara in the state of Gujarat , western India .
De Negen Straatjes ( Dutch for `` the nine little streets '' ) is a neighborhood of Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Rågeleje is a former fishing village and popular tourist resort on the north coast of Zealand , midway between Gilleleje and Tisvildeleje , some 50 km north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Penmarth is a hamlet in Cornwall , United Kingdom , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of Penryn and about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of Redruth .
Burlington City Council is the city council responsible for the city of Burlington , Ontario , Canada .
Riga Porcelain Museum is a ceramics museum in Riga , Latvia .
Visalpur is a Village in Daskroi Taluka in Ahmedabad District of Gujarat State , India .
Dulichium , Dolicha , or Doliche ( Ancient Greek : Δουλίχιον Doulichion ) was a place noted by numerous ancient writers that was either a city on , or an island off , the Ionian Sea coast of Acarnania , Greece .
Rychliki ( rɨˈxliki ) ( German Reichenbach ) is a village in Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Letuš ( pronounced ( lɛˈtuːʃ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Braslovče in northern Slovenia .
Blace ( Serbian Cyrillic : Блаце , pronounced ( blâtsɛ ) ) is a town and municipality located in the Toplica District of Serbia .
Victoria Bay ( Afrikaans : Victoriabaai ) is a small cove in the Western Cape , South Africa .
Łarpia is an eastern branch of Oder in the town of Police , Poland .
Ćmiłów ( ˈt͡ɕmiwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głusk , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Oshtorjin ( Persian : اشترجين‎ , also Romanized as Oshtorjīn ; also known as Ostorjīn ) is a village in Seyyed Jamal ol Din Rural District , in the Central District of Asadabad County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Arasvikfjord or Arasvikfjorden ( English : Arasvik Fjord ) is a fjord in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport ( IATA : TPE , ICAO : RCTP ) is an international airport serving the capital city of Taipei , Taiwan , and the northern parts of the island .
The Col de Macuègne ( 1,068 m ( 3,504 ft ) ) is a mountain pass located in the Dauphiné Prealps , on the northern slopes of Mont Ventoux between Montbrun - les - Bains and Séderon in the Drôme department of France .
Vitudurum ( sometimes Vitodorum ) is the name of a Roman Vicus , those remains are located in Oberwinterthur , a locality of the municipality of Winterthur in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .
Nerkin Bazmaberd ( Armenian : Ներքին Բազմաբերդ , also Romanized as Nerqin Bazmaberd ; formerly , Agdzhakala , Aghjaghala , Nerkin Agdzhakala , and Nizhnyaya Agdzhakala ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Jubilee Synagogue ( Czech : Jubilejní synagoga ) , also known as the Jerusalem Synagogue , is a synagogue in Prague , Czech Republic .
Häädemeeste ( German : Gudmannsbach ) is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Pärnu County , southwestern Estonia .
Kalateh - ye Mirabbas ( Persian : كلاته ميرعباس‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Mīrʿabbās ) is a village in Joghatai Rural District , in the Central District of Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Terish ( Persian : تريش‎ , also Romanized as Terīsh ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Arachovitika ( Greek : Αραχωβίτικα ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Rio in the northern part of Achaea , Greece .
Nesa - e Olya ( Persian : نساعليا‎ , also Romanized as Nesā''-e `` Olyā ; also known as Nesā''-e Bālā and Nesā '' ) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Montreux railway station ( French : Gare de Montreux ) is the largest of the railway stations serving the municipality of Montreux , in the Canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Dogor Gunt , also written Digargand , is a village in Badakhshan Province in north - eastern Afghanistan .
Khushal Sar is a lake in highly deteriorated condition , located in Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Blodnik ( pronounced ( ˈbloːdnik ) ) is a small dispersed settlement east of Trojane in central Slovenia .
Kaukab Abu al - Hija ( Arabic : كوكب أبو الهيجا‎ ; Hebrew : כַּוּכַּבּ אַבּוּ אל - הִיגַ'א ) , often simply Kaukab , ( meaning `` star '' in Arabic ) , is an Arab Muslim village and local council in the North District of Israel , in the Lower Galilee .
The Vazhinka River ( Russian : Важинка ) is a river in Prionezhsky and Pryazhinsky Districts of the Republic of Karelia and in Podporozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , a right tributary of the Svir .
Mount Gamkonora is a stratovolcano on Halmahera island , Indonesia .
Tirthapati Institution ( Bengali : তীর্থপতি ইনস্টিটিউশন ) is a Bengali - medium Higher Secondary ( 10 + 2 ) school located in Rash Behari Avenue , Gariahat , Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Aireys Inlet is a small coastal inlet and town located on the Great Ocean Road , southwest of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Smoky Cape ( 30 ° 54′S 153 ° 06′E ) is a headland in Australia on the New South Wales Mid - North Coast .
The Roman mausoleum of Córdoba is an ancient structure in the Jardines de la Victoria , Córdoba , Andalusia , southern Spain .
Guayllabamba ( Kichwa Wayllapampa , green plain ) is a small agricultural town ( administratively , a rural parish of the canton of Quito ) located 29 kilometers northeast of the city of Quito in northern Ecuador .
Seokgatap ( Sakyamuni Pagoda ) is a stone pagoda in South Korea designated as the 21st National Treasure on December 12 , 1962 .
Bampur ( Persian : بمپور‎ , also Romanized as Bampūr and Bampoor ) is a city in and capital of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Saari ( literally Island ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Wola Kalinowska ( ˈvɔla kaliˈnɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułoszowa , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Barren Grounds Bird Observatory was a bird observatory situated in the Barren Grounds Nature Reserve on the escarpment of the Southern Highlands of New South Wales , Australia .
Duruelo de la Sierra is a municipality of Spain , in the province of Soria , Autonomous Community of Castile and León ( Spanish Comunidad Autónoma de Castilla y León )
Mičije ( Serbian : Мичије ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Golshekanan ( Persian : گلشكنان‎ , also Romanized as Golshekanān and Gol Ashkanān ) is a village in Sofla Rural District , Zavareh District , Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Tullaberga Island is a small , uninhabited island off the coast of Victoria , Australia , near the town of Mallacoota .
Jovem Pan is the main Brazilian radio station based in São Paulo , Brazil , leading the largest Latin America radio stations network , Jovem Pan Sat . The network has several bureaus , 142 affiliated stations all over Brazil .
Ølfjellet ( Lule Sami : Uvbágájsse ) is the highest mountain in the Saltfjellet mountain range in Nordland county , Norway .
The Cascade is the University of the Fraser Valley 's student - run paper , with offices located on the university 's campus in Abbotsford , British Columbia , Canada .
Spodnji Dolič ( German : Unterdollitsch ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Vitanje in northeastern Slovenia .
Sallybrook ( Irish : Gleann Sailí , meaning `` valley of the willows '' ) is a small village on the outskirts of Cork City , Ireland .
West Vancouver Field Hockey Club is a field hockey club based in West Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada that was established in 1972 .
Sheraton Buenos Aires Hotel & Convention Center ( originally Hostal Santa María de los Buenos Aires ) is a five - star hotel located in the District of Retiro , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Giffers ( French : Chevrilles ) is a municipality in the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Müngsten Bridge is the highest railroad bridge in Germany .
Buljarica ( pronounced ( buʎǎrit͡sa ) ) is a village in the Budva Municipality of western Montenegro .
Abadía del Niño Dios , Victoria , Entre Ríos Province , Argentina , is a Benedictine monastery of the Cono - Sur Congregation .
Labuan Airport ( IATA : LBU , ICAO : WBKL ) is an airport that serves the federal territory of Labuan in Malaysia .
Tanjung Aru is a sub - district of Kota Kinabalu in Sabah , of Malaysia .
The Transfăgărășan ( trans ( over , across ) + Făgăraș ) or DN7C , also known as Ceaușescu 's Folly , is a paved mountain road crossing the southern section of the Carpathian Mountains of Romania .
Palenque ( Spanish pronunciation : ( pa'leŋke ) ; Yucatec Maya : Bàakʼ /ɓàːkʼ/ ) , also anciently known as Lakamha ( literally : `` Big Water '' ) , was a Maya city state in southern Mexico that flourished in the 7th century .
Battagram ( Urdu : بٹگرام‎ ) is the capital city of Battagram District in Khyber Pukhtoonkhwa Province of Pakistan .
Omiš ( pronounced ( ɔ̌miːʃ ) , Latin and Italian : Almissa ) is a town and port in the Dalmatia region of Croatia , and is a municipality in the Split - Dalmatia County .
Kuczkowo ( kut͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Goreangab Dam is a dam in the north - western suburbs of Windhoek , the capital of Namibia .
Vrhtrebnje ( pronounced ( ʋəɾxˈtɾeːbnjɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Babiči ( pronounced ( ˈbaːbitʃi ) ; Italian : Babici di Maresego ) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Par Eshkaft ( Persian : پراشكفت‎ , also Romanized as Perāshkaft and Per Eshkaft ; also known as Per Eshkafī ) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Edmundston Airport ( ICAO : CYES ) is located 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ; 10 mi ) northwest of Edmundston , New Brunswick , Canada along the east bank of the Madawaska River .
Gabrje pri Jančah ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːbəɾjɛ pɾi ˈjaːntʃax ) ; in older sources also Gabrije ) is a settlement in the hills east of Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Lake Kari ( Lake Qari , Armenian : Քարի լիճ ) is a lake in Armenia located in the slopes of Mount Aragats mostly formed by ice and snow .
Kapljuh ( Cyrillic : Капљух ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Abdan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آبدان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Vřesová ( German : Doglasgrün ) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
Pietermaritzburg Airport ( IATA : PZB , ICAO : FAPM ) is an airport , formally known as ORIBI Airport , in Pietermaritzburg , South Africa .
The Bili - Bili Dam is located in Gowa Regency , South Sulawesi , Indonesia , on the Jeneberang River , about 30 km from the city of Makassar .
Neapoli Voion or Neapolis Voion ( Greek : Νεάπολη Βοιών ) also named Vatika ( Greek : Βάτικα ) is a small town in Laconia regional unit , southern Greece .
The St. Thomas Syro - Malabar Catholic Church , Malayattoor is one of the most prominent Christian pilgrim centers in the Ernakulam district of Kerala , India .
The S4C Authority ( Welsh : Awdurdod S4C ) is an independent public body appointed by the United Kingdom Government 's Secretary of State for Culture , Media and Sport to oversee the management of the Welsh - language television channel S4C and to regulate the quality of the channel 's output .
Master 's College of Theology ( MCT ) is an ecumenical theological seminary located in Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Janeway Children 's Health and Rehabilitation Centre is a children 's hospital located in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Kampong Preah ( Khmer : ឃុំកំពង់ព្រះ ) is a khum ( commune ) of Sangkae District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
The Cave of Bacinete ( Spanish : Cueva de Bacinete ) is a cave located in Los Alcornocales Natural Park , Los Barrios , Spain .
Songevatnet is a lake in Vinje municipality in Telemark county , Norway .
Campdevànol ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˌkamdəˈβanuɫ ) ) is a village in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Rakkestad Airport , Åstorp ( Norwegian : Rakkestad flyplass , Åstorp ; ICAO : ENRK ) is a private general aviation airport located at Åstorp in Rakkestad , Norway .
The Nevado El Cisne ( English : The Swan ) is a mountain in the Central Cordillera of the Andes in Colombia .
The Cabin Chiang Mai is a drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility located in Chiang Mai , Thailand .
Trawy ( ˈtravɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
El Tortuguero ( Spanish pronunciation : ( el torˈtuɣeɾo ) ) is a municipality in the South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region of Nicaragua .
Sharp Airlines is a regional airline headquartered in Hamilton , Victoria , Australia and operating in the southern states of Australia .
Heimari Dalur is a valley in the Faroe Islands , which lies between the town of Fuglafjørður and the village of Kambsdalur .
Kukówko ( kuˈkufkɔ ) ( German : Kukowken , 1938 - 45 Heinrichstal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Daporijo Airport ( IATA : DEP , ICAO : VEDZ ) is located at Daporijo in the state of Arunachal Pradesh , India .
Chah - e Mian Dar ( Persian : چاه مياندر‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Mīān Dar ) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Foxglove Oval is a park mostly commonly used for sporting events located on Foxglove Road in Mount Colah , Sydney , NSW , Australia .
902 TV was a television station in Greece that was supported by the KKE , the Communist Party of Greece .
Varkaus Airport ( IATA : VRK , ICAO : EFVR ) is an airport in Joroinen , Finland , about 16 kilometres ( 10 mi ) south of Varkaus .
Akoboissué ( also spelled Akabovvosué ) is a town in eastern Ivory Coast .
Bajura Airport ( IATA : BJU , ICAO : VNBR ) is an airport serving Bajura , a district in the Seti Zone in Nepal .
Żytna ( ˈʐɨtna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lyski , within Rybnik County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Nordmarka is the mostly forested region which makes up the northern part of Oslo , Norway .
Tulce ( ˈtult͡sɛ ) ( German : Brenkhausen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Uzovské Pekľany is a village and municipality in Sabinov District in the Prešov Regionof north - eastern Slovakia .
The Hardt Railway ( German : Hardtbahn ) is a railway line in the Karlsruhe region of Germany .
San Pedro prison or El penal de San Pedro ( Saint Peter 's Prison ) is the largest prison in La Paz , Bolivia renowned for being a society within itself .
Zaryar ( also , Zar’yar ) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lag Badana National Park ( Bushbush National Park ) is a national park of Somalia .
Blue Quills First Nation Indian Reserve is a First Nations Indian reserve in Alberta , Canada , located 16 km northwest of the town of Mayerthorpe .
Husa is a village in the Ølve district of Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Dowlatabad - e Ansari ( Persian : دولت ابادانصاري‎ , also Romanized as Dowlatābād - e Anşārī ; also known as Dowlatābād ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Gharbi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Retortillo Reservoir is a reservoir in the province of Córdoba , Andalusia , Spain .
Qarpuzabad ( Persian : قارپوزاباد‎ , also Romanized as Qārpūzābād , Ghārpūzābād , and Qārpozābād ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Wefelpütt is a small village in Germany with only 63 inhabitants .
Kankan ( Maninka : Kánkàn ) is the largest city in Guinea in land area , and the third largest in population , with a population of 193,830 people as of 2014 .
Chambers Pillar ( Aboriginal name ' Idracowra ' or ' Etikaura ' ) is a sandstone formation some 160 km south of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Clarence River Light , also known as Yamba Light or Clarence Head Light , is an active lighthouse located on Pilot Hill , a hill in Wooli Park , Yamba , New South Wales , Australia , south of the entrance of Clarence River .
Sædden Church ( Danish : Sædden Kirke ) is a Church of Denmark church in Esbjerg in the southwest of Jutland , Denmark .
Zgornja Hajdina ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja xai̯ˈdiːna ) ) is a settlement and the administrative centre of the Municipality of Hajdina in northeastern Slovenia .
Villa Recalcati is a rural palace in Varese , in the neighborhood Casbeno , in Italy .
Losuia is a village on Kiriwina Island , part of the Kiriwina Islands , Milne Bay Province , Papua New Guinea .
Øverlandselva is a river that flows through Bærum , Norway .
Cape Caxine is a cape located in Algeria .
Guaniguanico , also known as Cordillera de Guaniguanico , is a mountain range of western Cuba that spans from the centre - west of Pinar del Río Province to the western area of Artemisa Province .
The Natori River is a river in the northeastern part of Japan .
Boyuk Zira Island , located in the Caspian Sea , 5 km directly offshore from Baku port , is strategically significant for Azerbaijan and is under the authority of the Ministry of Defence of the Republic of Azerbaijan .
Crngrob ( pronounced ( ˈtsəɾnɡɾɔp ) ; German : Ehrengruben ) is a small village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Qavolqa ( Persian : قاولقا‎ , also Romanized as Qāvolqā ) is a village in Jargalan Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Strachomin ( straˈxɔmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Latowicz , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
IGas Energy Plc is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company , incorporated and operating in the United Kingdom , with headquarters in London .
Teppe Hasanlu or Tappeh Hassanlu ( Persian : تپه حسنلو ) is an archeological site of an ancient city located in northwest Iran ( in the province of West Azerbaijan ) , a short distance south of Lake Urmia .
Vempadu is a village in Nakkapalle mandal in Vishakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh state in the southern part of India .
Qaumi Watan Party ( Pashto : قومي وطنپال ګوند‎ ; Urdu : قومی وطن پارٹی‎ ) , abbreviated as QWP and formerly called Pakistan Peoples Party--
Muqsha ( Arabic : المقشع، al - Muqsha ) is a village in Bahrain and is situated west of the capital Manama .
Grand Hotel Lublinianka is a four - star hotel in Lublin , Poland .
Luweero ( also spelled `` Luwero '' ) is a town in the Central Region of Uganda .
Furthermore , the HEFCE has rated the teaching quality at the Nottingham Business School as `` excellent '' , and the latest ( 2012 ) Complete University guide ranks the Nottingham Business School at 44 out of a total of 118 listed institutions in the United Kingdom .
Grivice ( Serbian : Гривице ) is a village in the municipality of Banovići , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ogorzelice ( ɔɡɔʐɛˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vadakkuparamba is a small village in Anakkayam panchayat , in the Malappuram District of Kerala , India .
Holmbladsgade is one of the most lively street in the Amagerbro district of Copenhagen , Denmark , connecting Amagerbrogade to Strandlodsvej on the east coast of Amager .
German submarine U-565 was a Type VIIC U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II . She was laid down on 3 March 1940 by Blohm & Voss in Hamburg as yard number 541 , launched on 20 February 1941 and commissioned on 10 April 1941 under Oberleutnant Johann Jebsen .
Limes Transalutanus is a fortified frontier system of the Roman Empire , built on the western edge of Teleorman 's forests in the Roman province of Dacia , modern - day Romania .
Central Maluku Regency ( Bahasa Indonesia : Kabupaten Maluku Tengah ) is a regency of Maluku , Indonesia .
Mutso ( Georgian : მუცო ) is a small village in Georgia .
Home Oil Distributors Ltd v British Columbia ( AG ) ( 1940 ) S.C.R. 444 is a leading constitutional decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on the Trade and Commerce power under section 91(2 ) of the Constitution Act , 1867 .
The Sibillini Mountains , or Sibylline Mountains ( Italian : Monti Sibillini ) are a mountain group in Italy , part of the central Apennines .
Buutuo is the capital of Zoegeh district in eastern Nimba County , Liberia .
The Kafue Railway Bridge was built to carry the Livingstone to Lusaka railway line in what is now Zambia over the Kafue River in 1906 .
Ślizów ( ˈɕlʲizuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Mielno ( ˈmjɛlnɔ ) ( German : Groß Möllen ) is a large coastal village in Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Astravas Manor is a manor in Biržai suburb Astravas , Lithuania .
Landespolizei ( German pronunciation : ( ˌlandəspoliˈt͡saɪ ) , State police ) is the term used to refer to all police of any one of the states of Germany .
Łasin ( ˈwaɕin ) ( German : Lessen ) is a town in Grudziądz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 3,271 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Məmmədcanlı ( also , Mamed - Dzhanly ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Trei culori ( `` Three colours '' ) was the national anthem of the Socialist Republic of Romania from 1977 until 1990 .
HHHR Tower , also known as the Blue Tower , is a supertall skyscraper on Sheikh Zayed Road , Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Phoenix Reisen is a Germany - based travel agency that also operates a fleet of cruise ships .
Basilica vetus is a church in Milan , Italy .
Mont Sainte - Cécile , also referred to as Petit - Mégantic is a mountain that rises to 887 m ( 2,910 ft ) located in Sainte - Cécile - de - Whitton , Quebec , Canada .
St Erme ( Cornish : Egloserm ) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall , England , in the United Kingdom .
Mowtowr - e Mahdi Salari ( Persian : موتورمهدئ سالارئ‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Mahdi Sālāri ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Wólka Łętowska ( ˈvulka wɛnˈtɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sarzyna , within Leżajsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Finicha'a ( also transliterated Finchawa ) is a town in western Ethiopia .
The Sparkassen Giro Bochum is a road bicycle race which is annually held for both men 's and women 's around an urban circuit in the German city of Bochum , Germany .
St. George Orthodox Church , Cheppad , Alapuzha in Kerala state of India , is popularly known as Cheppad Valiya Pally , and is a pilgrim centre of Malankara Orthodox Church .
Kosharitsa ( Bulgarian : Кошарица ) is a village and seaside resort in South - East Bulgaria , situated in Obshtina Nessebar , in the Burgas region .
Kommunalbanken Norway ( KBN ) is a AAA/ Aaa rated local government funding agency 100 per cent owned by the Royal Ministry of Local Government and Regional Development on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway .
Penpont Water ( Cornish : Dowr Pen Pont , meaning river at the head of a bridge ) is a small river in east Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Bozburun is a small seaside town with own municipality in Marmaris district , in southwestern Turkey .
Gulset is a suburb located in Skien , Telemark , Norway .
The Fragas do Eume is a natural park situated in north - west Spain .
As part of the United Kingdom , the Vale of Pickering generally has cool summers and relatively mild winters .
Medgidia ( Romanian pronunciation : ( med͡ʒiˈdi.a ) or ( med.d͡ʒiˈdi.a ) ; historical Turkish names : Karasu or Carasu , Mecidiye or Megidie ) is a city in Constanţa County , Dobruja , south - eastern Romania .
The Greek Film Archive ( Greek : Ταινιοθήκη της Ελλάδος , Tainiothiki Tis Ellados ) is a film archive located in Athens , Greece .
Desun Hospital & Heart Institute is a hospital and heart research institute of Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Ordzhonikidzevskaya ( Russian : Орджоники́дзевская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) and the administrative center of Sunzhensky District of the Republic of Ingushetia , Russia .
The Kapisanan ng Paglilingkod sa Bagong Pilipinas ( English : Association for Service to the New Philippines ) , or KALIBAPI , was a Filipino political party that served as the sole party of state during the Japanese occupation .
The Great North Walk is a walking track which runs from Sydney to Newcastle in New South Wales , Australia .
Thus Gurjara Pratiharas became the greatest power in Northern India after occupying Kannauj .
Mowtowr - e Hasan Kuseh ( Persian : موتورحسن كوسه‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Ḩasan Kūseh ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Marcos Road , also known as President Ferdinand E. Marcos Highway and by its highway designation Radial Road 10 or R-10 , is a 6 - 10 lane divided highway in northern Manila , Philippines connecting Recto Avenue in San Nicolas district with Circumferential Road 4 in Navotas in the north .
Frankfurt ( Main ) Hauptbahnhof underground station ( German : Frankfurt ( Main ) Hauptbahnhof Tiefbahnhof ) is a four - track S - Bahn station below Frankfurt ( Main ) Hauptbahnhof and as such part of the busiest railway station in Frankfurt , Germany .
The Nchwaning mine ( or N'Chwaning mines ) is a mine located in the Northern Cape Province of South Africa .
The German federal highway , the Bundesstraße 289 ( B 289 ) , runs from Coburg to Rehau in southern Germany .
Cochinchina ( Vietnamese : Nam Kỳ , Khmer : កម្ពុជាក្រោម , Kampuchea Krom , French : Cochinchine ) is a region encompassing the southern third of Vietnam whose principal city is Saigon or Prey Nokor in Khmer .
Changbhakar State , also known as Chang Bhakar , was one of the princely states of British Empire in India in the Chhattisgarh States Agency .
Varadero ( Spanish pronunciation : ( baɾaˈðeɾo ) ) is a resort town in the province of Matanzas , Cuba , and one of the largest resort areas in the Caribbean .
Raigarh Airport is located near Kondatarai , 9 km ( 5.6 mi ) south of Raigarh , in Chhattisgarh , India .
Boys Town Jerusalem ( Hebrew : קרית נוער ירושלים‎ , Kiryat Noar Yerushalayim ) is an Orthodox Jewish orphanage and educational institution in Jerusalem , Israel .
Polje pri Vodicah ( German : Pole ) is a village south of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Arch of Alexander Severus is a Roman triumphal arch located in Dougga ( Béja , Tunisia ) , ancient Thugga , which was dedicated to the Emperor Alexander Severus ( 222 - 235 ) .
Svijenča ( Cyrillic : Свијенча ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Pirvahid ( also , Pirvagid and Pirvaid ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Szarvas ( German : Sarwasch , Slovak : Sarvaš ; IPA : ( sarvaʃ ) ) is a town in Békés County , Hungary .
The Gördes Dam is a concrete - face rock - fill dam on the Gördes River located 13 km ( 8 mi ) northeast of Gölmarmara in Manisa Province , Turkey .
Nqweba Dam ( previously known as Vanryneveld 's Pass Dam ) , is an earth - fill type dam located on the Sundays River , near Graaff Reinet , in the Eastern Cape , South Africa .
The Château de Septfontaines is located in the Rollingergrund district of Luxembourg City .
Apollobuurt is a neighborhood of Amsterdam , Netherlands .
The House of the Five Senses is the impressive main entrance of amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands .
Skobielice ( skɔbjɛˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Fefan is the third largest inhabited island of the Truk Lagoon in the Federated States of Micronesia .
Fuglafjørður ( Danish : Fuglefjord ) is a village on Eysturoy 's east coast in the Faroe Islands .
Despite the relatively high level of activity , Vestereng supports a rich flora and fauna , with some species rare or almost rare to Denmark even .
The Salle Pleyel ( French : Pleyel room ) is a concert hall in Paris , France .
The Democratic Party of Albanians ( Albanian : Partia Demokratike Shqiptare ; Macedonian : Демократска партија на Албанците , Demokratska Partija na Albancite ) or DPA is a political party of the ethnic Albanians in the Republic of Macedonia .
The Pagua River is one of the longest rivers on the Caribbean island of Dominica .
Kaechon internment camp ( Hangeul : 개천 제14호 관리소 , also spelled Kae'chŏn or Gaecheon ) is a forced labor camp in North Korea for political prisoners .
The National Technical University `` Kharkiv Polytechnic Institute '' ( NTU `` KhPI '' ) ( ( Ukrainian : Національний технічний університет `` Харківський політехнічний інститут '' ) ) , in the city of Kharkiv , is the largest and oldest technical university in eastern Ukraine .
Skai TV is a television network based in Piraeus , Greece .
Norra Real ( `` Northern Real '' ) is an upper - secondary school , located on Roslagsgatan 1 in Stockholm , Sweden .
Havre - Saint - Pierre is a town situated on Pointe - aux - Esquimaux , which is on the Quebec north shore ( Côte - Nord ) of the Saint Lawrence River in Canada .
The Pyramid of Amenemhet I is an Egyptian burial structure built at Lisht by the founder of Egypt 's 12th dynasty , Amenemhet I. This structure returned to the approximate size and form of old kingdom Pyramids .
Khashupse ( Georgian : ხაშუფსე ; Abkhaz : Ҳашҧсы ) is a village in the Gagra District of Abkhazia , Georgia .
Šmartno v Tuhinju ( pronounced ( ˈʃmaːɾtnɔ ʍ tuˈxiːnju ) ; German : Sankt Martin ) is a village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Žvabovo ( pronounced ( ˈʒʋaːbɔʋɔ ) ; in older sources also Švabovo , German : Schwabou ) is a small settlement west of Šmarje in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia .
Gipuzkoa ( in Basque and also the official form since 2011 ; in Spanish : Guipúzcoa ; French : Guipuscoa ) is a province of Spain and a historical territory of the autonomous community of the Basque Country .
Birtle - Russell is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba , Canada .
The National Arboretum Canberra is a 250-hectare ( 618 acre ) arboretum in Canberra , the national capital of Australia , created after the area was burned out as a result of the Christmas 2001 and 2003 Canberra bushfires :
Sheyfan Sofla ( Persian : شيفان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sheyfān Soflá ; also known as Sheykhān - e Soflá and Sheykhān - e Dāvūd Khūnī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Schwepnitz ( Sorbian : Sepicy ) is a municipality in the district of Bautzen , in Saxony , Germany .
The Äußerer Bärenbartkogel ( Italian : Cima Barba d'Orsa di Fuori ) is a mountain in the Planeil group of the Ötztal Alps in South Tyrol , Italy .
Giżycko ( ɡʲiˈʐɨt͡skɔ ) ( German : Lötzen , Lithuanian : Lėcius ; former Polish : Lec ) is a town in northeastern Poland with 29,796 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Cambeses do Rio , Donões e Mourilhe is a civil parish in the municipality of Montalegre , northern Portugal .
Warmond ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋɑrmɔnt ) ) is a village and former municipality in the western Netherlands , north of Leiden in the province of South Holland .
Bystrz ( bɨstʂ ) ( German : Bystrz ; 1938 - 45 : Brücknersmühl ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tharro Hills are located in Sindh , Pakistan .
Zoji La ( Ladakhi : ཟོ་ཇི་ ལཱ་ ; ) is a high mountain pass in India , Kashmir , located on the Indian National Highway 1D between Srinagar and Leh in the western section of the Himalayan mountain range .
Marvinci ( Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic : Марвинци ) is a village in the Valandovo municipality , in southeastern R. Macedonia .
Karsang - e Shahi Jan ( Persian : كارسنگ شاهي جان‎ , also Romanized as Kārsang - e Shāhī Jān ; also known as Kārsang ) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Beth Zabdai or Gezireh was a town located on the right hand of the Tigris River , close to Jeziret ibn Omar , now Turkey .
Senuše ( pronounced ( sɛˈnuːʃɛ ) ; German : Senusche ) is a village west of Leskovec pri Krškem in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
In 1956 , on the basis of an inscription , Michael Ballance fixed the site of Derbe at a mound known as Kerti Hüyük , some 22 kilometres ( 14 mi ) north - northeast of Karaman ( ancient Laranda ) in Turkey .
Haselbacher See is a lake in Leipzig ( Saxony)/ Altenburger Land ( Thuringia ) , Germany .
The Arlberg Road Tunnel ( German : Arlberg Straßentunnel ) , with a length of 13,976 metres is Austria 's longest road tunnel .
Gurbuz District ( Pashto : ګربز ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی گربز‎ ) is situated in the southern part of Khost Province , Afghanistan .
Pucatrihue is a settlement , beach and balneario located at coast of Osorno Province , southern Chile .
Pelúgano ( Asturian and official name : Peḷḷuno ) is one of 18 parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Aller , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Osmólsk Górny ( ˈɔsmulsk ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Buta Zega Airport ( IATA : BZU , ICAO : FZKJ ) is an airport 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) east of Buta in Orientale Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Postojna Cave ( Slovene : Postojnska jama ; German : Adelsberger Grotte ; Italian : Grotte di Postumia ) is a 24,120 m long karst cave system near Postojna , southwestern Slovenia .
Krukówko ( kruˈkufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Ballyhuppahane , also spelt Ballyhuppahaun , ( Irish : Baile Uí Shopacháin , meaning `` O'Soppahan 's town '' ) is a townland in County Laois , Ireland .
Gornja Bodežišta ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горња Бодежишта ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kuskan is a small town in Mersin Province , Turkey
Sant Llorenç prop Bagà is a Benedictine monastery in Catalonia , Spain .
Zashiversk ( Russian : Зашиверск ; Sakha : Зашиверскай ) was a town north of the arctic circle in what is now the Sakha Republic ( formerly Yakutia ) , Russia .
The club was officially launched on May 27 , 2014 , as part of Australia 's new look second tier of soccer , but under the name , Murray United FC .
Huanuni is a town in the department of Oruro , Bolivia .
Tarand - e Bala ( Persian : طارندبالا‎ , also Romanized as Ţārand - e Bālā ; also known as Ţārand - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Tarand Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,173 , in 262 families .
The Narva Hydroelectric Station ( Russian : Нарвская гидроэлектростанция , Estonian : Narva hüdroelektrijaam ) is a hydroelectric power station in Ivangorod , Russia .
Fáskrúðsfjörður ( sometimes named also Buðir ) is a village ( þorp ) in eastern Iceland .
Janežovski Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈjaːnɛʒɔu̯ski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Destrnik in northeastern Slovenia .
The International School of Tanganyika ( IST ) , founded in 1963 , is an international school in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania .
Le Marais ( `` The Marsh '' , French pronunciation : ​(maʁɛ ) ) is a historic district in Paris , France .
Rangrazan - e Vosta ( Persian : رنگرزان وسطي‎‎ , also Romanized as Rangrazān - e Vosţá and Rangrazān - e Vasaţī ) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Rajrappa is a project under Central Coalfields Limited ( CCL ) , a subsidiary of Coal India Limited and is part of Ramgarh Coalfield .
Jebalbarez District ( Persian : بخش جبالبارز‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Jyväskylä railway station or Jyväskylä Travel Center ( Finnish : Jyväskylän matkakeskus ) is located in the city of Jyväskylä , Finland .
Qapulukh ( Persian : قاپولوخ‎ , also Romanized as Qāpūlūkh ) is a village in Koshksaray Rural District , in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Palmerston North ( /ˌpɑːmərstənˈnɔːrθ/ PAH - mər - stən - NORTH ) ( Māori : Te Papaioea or transliterated Māori : Pamutana ) , commonly referred to by locals as Palmerston , or colloquially Palmy , is the main city of the Manawatu - Wanganui region of the North Island of New Zealand .
Krobielice ( krɔbjɛˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Thirumullavaram തിരുമുല്ലവാരം is a part of Kollam UA in the state of Kerala , a state in south India .
Nowy Kłopoczyn ( ˈnɔvɨ kwɔˈpɔt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tweed Heads West is a town located on the Tweed River in north - eastern New South Wales , Australia , in Tweed Shire .
Celemantia ( or Kelemantia ; the modern name of the site is Leányvár ) was a Roman castellum and settlement on the territory of the present - day municipality Iža ( Hun : Izsa ) , some 4 km to the east of Komárno in Slovakia .
The Khodiyar Dam is a dam built on Shetrunji River in Gujarat in western India .
Okinawa Airakuen Sanatorium , ( National Sanatorium Okinawa Airakuen ) is a sanatorium for leprosy patients or ex - leprosy patients at Sumuide , Nago , Okinawa , Japan starting in 1938 .
Dłubnia Landscape Park ( Dłubniański Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in southern Poland , established in 1981 , covering an area of 109.37 square kilometres ( 42.23 sq mi ) .
Carenas is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza , Aragon , Spain , on the river Piedra .
Rrash - Kullaj ( also known as Kulla të Rrashit and Kulla të Boksit ) is a settlement in the former Gruemirë municipality , Shkodër County , northern Albania .
Heathdale Christian College is an independent , Non - denominational , Christian , co - educational in Werribee , in the western suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Minapata ( Spanish mina mine , Quechua pata elevated place ; above , at the top ; edge , bank ( of a river ) , shore ) is a mountain in the southern part of the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru , about 5,400 m ( 17,700 ft ) high .
Zuia ( Spanish : Zuya ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava , in the Basque Country , northern Spain .
Tumbarumba ( /tʌmbəˈrʌmbə/ tum - bə - RUM - bə ) is a small town in New South Wales , Australia , about 480 kilometres ( 300 mi ) southwest of the state capital , Sydney .
Khiz Ab ( Persian : خيزاب‎ , also Romanized as Khīz Āb ) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Macuspana is a city in Macuspana Municipality in the south - central part of the state of Tabasco in southeastern Mexico .
Goumenissa ( Greek : Γουμένισσα ( ɣuˈme̞nisa ) ) is a small traditional town in the Kilkis regional unit , Central Macedonia , Greece .
The Fort de Bois l'Abbé , or Fort Poniatowski , is part of the fortifications of Épinal , France .
Traeger Park ( currently known under naming rights as TIO Traeger Park ) is a sports complex located in Alice Springs , Northern Territory , Australia , and is named after Alfred Hermann Traeger .
King 's College , Warrnambool , is an independent coeducational Christian school located in Warrnambool , Victoria , Australia .
Sabinov ( Hungarian : Kisszeben , German : Zeben , Latin : Cibinium ) is a small town located in the Prešov Region ( north - eastern Slovakia ) , approximately 20 km from Prešov and 55 km from Košice .
Tomb KV32 , located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt , is the burial site of Tia'a , the wife of Amenhotep II and mother of Thutmose IV . The tomb was discovered in 1898 by Victor Loret .
Sedniv is a small urban - type settlement in Chernihiv Oblast , Ukraine .
Universidad Católica de Santo Tomás de Villanueva ( St. Thomas of Villanova Catholic University ) was a private Roman Catholic university founded on August 15 , 1946 , in Havana , Cuba .
Playa del Carmen ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ' plaʝa ðel ' karmen ) ) is a city located along the Caribbean Sea in the state of Quintana Roo in Mexico .
Sarreh Zard ( Persian : سره زرد‎ , also Romanized as Sar Zard ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Murung Raya Regency is the most northerly of the thirteen regencies ( kabupaten ) which comprise the province of Central Kalimantan on the island of Borneo , Indonesia .
The Imperial Palace of Goslar ( German : Kaiserpfalz Goslar ) is a historical building complex at the foot of the Rammelsberg hill in the south of the town of Goslar north of the Harz mountains , central Germany .
Çimən ( also , Chiman and Chemen ) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hülgerahu is a small , uninhabited , moraine - based Baltic Sea island belonging to the country of Estonia .
Mina Q'asa ( Spanish mina mine , Quechua q'asa mountain pass , `` mine pass '' , also spelled Minajasa ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,100 metres ( 16,732 ft ) high .
Bratislava Airport ( Slovak : Letisko Bratislava ) or Bratislava - Ivanka , located approximately 9 km ( 5.6 mi ) northeast of Bratislava city centre on area of three municipalities ( Bratislava - Ružinov , Bratislava - Vrakuňa and Ivanka pri Dunaji ) is the main international airport of Slovakia .
Hinterland Who 's Who is best known as a series of 60-second public service announcements profiling Canadian animals , produced by Environment Canada Wildlife Service and the National Film Board of Canada ( NFB ) in the 1960s and 70s , and re - launched by the Canadian Wildlife Federation in the 2000s .
The Fisheries Research and Training Institute is a research institution in Lahore , Pakistan .
Haql is a town in the northwest of Saudi Arabia near the head of the Gulf of Aqaba , adjacent to Aqaba across the Jordanian border .
Wadi Ar Ruqub is a wadi of Yemen , It flows past the village of Al Khayalah .
The Te Mata River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand 's North Island .
Sarchapet ( Armenian : Սարչապետ. also romanized as Sarch’apet ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Scheurleer & Zoonen was a company that was established at Wagenstraat - Spuistraat , the Hague , Netherlands in 1804 by Willem Scheurleer .
Kollupitiya is a major neighbourhood of Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Hammarby IP ( short for `` Hammarby Idrottsplats '' , `` Hammarby Sports Ground '' ) also known as `` Kanalplan '' , is a football stadium in Stockholm , Sweden .
Raqqeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رقه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Eresk District , Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Androlykou ( Greek : Ανδρολύκου ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 5 km southwest of Polis Chrysochous .
The Empress Elisabeth Park ( German : Kaiserin - Elisabeth - Park ) is a public park in the town of Meran , South Tyrol in northern Italy .
The Château de Pierre - Percée ( ' pierced rock castle ' ) is a ruined castle found in the commune of Pierre - Percée in the département of Meurthe - et - Moselle , France .
Die Sterne is a two / three / four - piece indie pop band , from Hamburg , Germany .
The 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A ( officially the Brasileirão Chevrolet 2015 for sponsorship reasons ) was the 59th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A , the top - level of professional football in Brazil .
Brezje pod Nanosom ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɔt ˈnaːnɔsɔm ) ; Italian : Bresie ) is a small settlement below the eastern slopes of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Polhovica ( pronounced ( ˈpou̯ːxɔʋitsa ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia .
Yuwak is a village in central - western Bhutan .
The Laubegast Niederpoyritz Ferry is a passenger ferry across the Elbe river in Germany .
Luatuanu'u is a village situated on the east side of Upolu island in Samoa .
Myyrmanni is a shopping center located at the Myyrmäki suburb of Vantaa , Finland .
Thar Es - Souk is a municipality in the Taounate Province of the Taza - Al Hoceima - Taounate administrative region of Morocco .
Kerem Maharal ( Hebrew : כֶּרֶם מַהֲרַ``ל , lit . Maharal Vineyard ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Baft ( Persian : بافت‎‎ , also Romanized as Bāft ) is a city in and the capital of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gausvik Church ( Norwegian : Gausvik kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county , Norway .
Sarankhola is a mauza ( a small group of villages ) in Dakhin Khali Union , Sarankhola Upazila of Bagerhat District , on the northeastern edge of the Sundarbans forest in Bangladesh .
Kheyrokabad ( Persian : خيرك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kheyrokābād ; also known as Kheyrokbāzār ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Västergarn Church ( Swedish : Västergarns kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland , Sweden .
Ralbitz - Rosenthal , in Sorbian Ralbicy - Róžant , is a municipality in the district of Bautzen , in Saxony , Germany .
Otoyol 3 ( English : Motorway 3 ) , abbreviated as , aka Avrupa Otoyolu ( English : Europe Motorway ) , is a toll motorway in Marmara Region 's Eastern Thrace section in Turkey , connecting the cities Edirne and Istanbul .
Knockalton Lower ( Cnoc Alltáin Íochtarach in Irish ) is a townland in the historical Barony of Ormond Upper , County Tipperary , Ireland .
After the Russo - Japanese War , Japan occupied the Kwantung Leased Territory and renamed the city Dairen ( Japanese : 大連/だいれん ) after the Chinese name for Dalian Bay ( simplified Chinese : 大连湾 ; traditional Chinese : 大連灣 ; pinyin : Dàlián Wān ) .
Bardboran ( Persian : بردبران‎ , also Romanized as Bardborān ; also known as Bard Borān - e Bandān ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Bauchi Emirate was founded by Fula in the early 19th century in what is now Bauchi State , Nigeria , with its capital in Bauchi .
Sebokeng is a township in southern Gauteng , South Africa near the industrial city of Vanderbijlpark ( located in the district municipality of Sedibeng and the local municipality of Emfuleni ) .
Alejandro Gallinal or Cerro Colorado ( old name , still in use ) is a village in the Florida Department of southern - central Uruguay .
De Balie is a theatre and a centre for politics , culture and media , with a café - restaurant at Kleine - Gartmanplantsoen 10 , at Leidseplein in Amsterdam , The Netherlands .
Kilsfjord Church ( Norwegian : Kilsfjord kyrkje ) is a parish church in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Centre for Innovation , Research and Competence in the Learning Economy ( CIRCLE ) is an interdisciplinary research centre situated in Lund , Sweden .
The town of Rakaia is seated close to the southern banks of the Rakaia River on the Canterbury Plains in New Zealand 's South Island , approximately 57 km south of Christchurch on State Highway 1 and the Main South Line .
The A87 autoroute is a motorway in western France .
Uberaba Lake is a lake in the Santa Cruz Department of Bolivia and Mato Grosso , Brazil .
Gyong La is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge southwest of the vast Siachen Glacier , some 20 km ( 12 mi ) directly north of map point NJ9842 which defined the end of the 1972 Line of Control between India and Pakistan .
North Toronto Collegiate Institute ( North Toronto CI , NTCI . or North Toronto ) is a non - semestered , public high school institution for over 1,200 students located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Cered is a village in Nógrád county , Hungary .
Gantoftadösen ( or Jättestugan - `` giant 's home '' ) is a partially destroyed dolmen in the area of Helsingborg in Schonen , Sweden .
Stolzembourg ( Luxembourgish : Stolzebuerg , German : Stolzemburg ) is a village in the commune of Putscheid , in north - eastern Luxembourg .
Harije ( pronounced ( xaˈɾiːjɛ ) ; Italian : Carie ) is a village in the hills west of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Changur ( Persian : چنگور‎ , also Romanized as Changūr ; also known as Chanqūr and Jankūr ) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District , Sojas Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
On April 14 , 1993 , Environment Canada revoked a permit issued to Panarctic Oils Ltd. to dispose of 400 tonnes of scrap metal in the ocean off Lougheed Island .
The Argentine National Gendarmerie ( Spanish : Gendarmería Nacional Argentina or GNA ) is the gendarmerie and corps of border guards of Argentina .
Sar - El ( Hebrew : שר - אל , lit . `` Service for Israel '' ) , is a non - profit service organization , subordinate and under the direction of the Israeli Logistics Corps , for Israeli citizens living abroad , and who now wish to finalize their status with the military .
Geelong Baptist College is a co - educational college located in Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Oqsu ( Persian : آق‌سو ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Međugorje , or Medjugorje , ( Croatian pronunciation : ( medʑuɡoːrje ) ) is a town located in the Herzegovina region of Bosnia and Herzegovina , around 25 km ( 16 mi ) southwest of Mostar and close to the border of Croatia .
The Finžgar House is a house in the village of Doslovče in the Municipality of Žirovnica in Slovenia .
Roodeplaat Dam is a concrete arch dam situated in South Africa on the Pienaars River ( also known along parts of its length as the Moretele River and Moreleta Spruit ) , a tributary of the Crocodile River ( Limpopo ) , which flows northwards into the Limpopo River .
Qarakişilər ( also , Karakishilyar and Karakishlag ) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Christ Church Lausanne is an Anglican Episcopal church in Lausanne , Switzerland .
Uňatín is a village and municipality in the Krupina District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Əcəxuroba ( also , Adzhakhuroba ) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Blankenstein Castle ( German : Burg Blankenstein ) is a castle located on the south side of the river Ruhr in Hattingen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Sekolah Menengah Awang Semaun or SMAS , is a co - educational government secondary school in Brunei Darussalam .
Keşdiməz ( also , Keshdimyaz and Keshtimez ) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Nurek Dam ( Tajik : Нерӯгоҳи обии Норак , Nerūgohi obii Norak , Tajiki for Nurek Hydro - electric Station ) is an earth - fill embankment dam on the Vakhsh River in Tajikistan .
Mangalartha , or East Prasat Top or Monument 487 , is a tiny induist temple at Angkor , Cambodia .
Megara ( /ˈmɛɡərə/ ; Greek : Μέγαρα , pronounced ( ˈmeɣara ) ) is a historic town and a municipality ( pop . 36,924 in 2011 ) in West Attica , Greece .
Caunes - Minervois is a small medieval town or `` commune '' in the Aude department in the Languedoc - Roussillon region in southern France .
Shinile ( also transliterated Ghinièle ) is a town in eastern Ethiopia .
Dixcove is a coastal village in the Ahanta West district , a district in the Western Region of South Ghana , located approximately 35 km west of the regional capital of Sekondi - Takoradi .
The Democratic Party of Turks ( Macedonian : Демократска партија на Турците ; Demokratska Partija na Turcite , Turkish : Türk Demokratik Partisi ) is a political party of the Turkish minority in the Republic of Macedonia .
Stoboje ( stɔˈbɔjɛ ) ( German : Stoboy ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Marinduque Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Marinduque ) ( IATA : MRQ , ICAO : RPUW ) is the only airport located on and serving the island province of Marinduque in the Philippines .
Zoo di Pistoia is a Zoo and Amusement park in Pistoia , Tuscany , Italy , created in 1970 with an area of 75,000 square metres .
The Corumbá River ( Rio Corumbá in Portuguese ) is the most important river in the Central Plateau region of Brazil .
The Štiavnica Mountains ( also Štiavnické Mountains ; Slovak : Štiavnické vrchy ) are a volcanic mountain range southern central Slovakia .
Jaworowo - Kłódź ( javɔˈrɔvɔ ˈkwut͡ɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Khori Alam is a village located in Kharian Tehsil , Gujrat District of Punjab , Pakistan .
Yarməmmədbağı ( also , Yarmamedbagy and Yarmammedbagy ) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Namahounondougou ( also known as Namahounondougou - Sobara ) is a village in northeastern Ivory Coast .
Sompio Strict Nature Reserve ( Finnish : Sompion luonnonpuisto ) is a strict nature reserve located in Lapland , Finland .
Süderstapel ( Danish : Sønder Stabel ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Lake El Golfete is a long narrow lake in Guatemala .
Robinsons Place Santiago is a shopping mall owned and operated by Robinsons Malls , the second largest mall operator in the Philippines .
Sahiwal District ( Urdu : ضِلع ساہِيوال‎ ) , is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Fundy Royal ( formerly known as Royal from 1914 to 1966 , Fundy -- Royal from 1966 to 2003 , and Fundy in 2003 - 2004 ) is a federal electoral district in southern New Brunswick , Canada , that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1917 .
The Boulder Bank is a very unusual naturally formed landform in Nelson , New Zealand .
The Marmorpalais ( or Marble Palace ) is a former royal residence in Potsdam , near Berlin in Germany , built on the grounds of the extensive Neuer Garten on the shores of the Heiliger See ( lake ) .
Chappanda ( Russian : Чаппанда ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the administrative centre of and one of two settlements , in addition to Saltany , in Chappandinsky Rural Okrug of Nyurbinsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Tory Channel / Kura Te Au is one of the drowned valleys that form the Marlborough Sounds in New Zealand .
Fueguino , also known as Cook , is a cluster of lava domes and pyroclastic cones located on Cook Island , Tierra del Fuego , Chile .
Devipuram is a Hindu temple complex located near Visakhapatnam , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Åsele Municipality ( Swedish : Åsele kommun ) is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden .
Margat , also known as Marqab from the Arabic Qalaat al - Marqab ( قلعة المرقب , `` Castle of the Watchtower '' ) is a castle near Baniyas , Syria , which was a Crusader fortress and one of the major strongholds of the Knights Hospitaller .
Agios Mamas ( Greek : Άγιος Μάμας ) is a small village in the Limassol region of Cyprus .
The Indian personnel will be trained by a Pipistrel 's partner company from Slovenia , the Pipistrel Academy , which trains pilots and new instructors .
The Port Adelaide and District Football Association ( PADFA ) was an Australian rules football competition based in the western and north - western suburbs of Adelaide , South Australia until it folded at the end of the 1952 season .
Čierna Voda ( Hungarian : Feketenyék ) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of southwest Slovakia .
The small island of Pianosa ( Italian pronunciation : ( pjaˈnoːza ) ) , about 10.25 km2 ( 3.96 sq mi ) in area , has a coastal perimeter of 26 km ( 16 mi ) , forms part of Italy 's Tuscan Archipelago in the Tyrrhenian Sea .
Okinawa Christian School International ( OCSI ) is a private Christian school on the island of Okinawa , Japan .
Monte Bìvera ( 2,474 m ) is a mountain of the Carnic Alps in Friuli , northeast Italy .
Ulpahari is a tribal village in Birbhum district , West Bengal , India .
Lacombe - Ponoka is a provincial electoral district in central Alberta , Canada created in 2003 .
Patiala Airport ( Patiala Aviation Complex ) is a civil aerodrome located in Patiala , Punjab in India .
Fereydunkenar County ( Persian : شهرستان فریدونکنار‎ ) is a county in Mazandaran Province in Iran .
Gadigarevula is a village in Gadivemula mandala , Nandyal taluka , in the Kurnool district of India .
There are several Hindu temples in Multan , a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The Cégep Marie - Victorin is a French public college in Montreal ( Quebec ) , Canada .
The Mosque of Islamic Solidarity ( Somali : Masjidka Isbaheysiga , Arabic : جامع التضامن الإسلامى‎ ) is a mosque located in Mogadishu , Somalia .
Brežice Castle ( Slovene : Grad Brežice , German : Schloss Rann ) is a 16th - century castle in the town of Brežice , in southeastern Slovenia , at the street address Cesta prvih borcev 1 .
Kuito ( also Cuito ) is a city located in central Angola .
Shumanay ( Uzbek : Shumanay , Karakalpak : Shomanay , Russian : Шуманай ) is a town and seat of Shumanay District in Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan .
Samoniny ( samɔˈninɨ)(German language : Samonienen , 1938 - 1945 Klarfließ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Skredshol was a noble - seat farm ( setegård ) in Norway .
Segrik ( Persian : سگريك‎ , also Romanized as Segrīk ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kaldvågvatnet or Kallvågvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Cao County or Caoxian ( simplified Chinese : 曹县 ; traditional Chinese : 曹縣 ; pinyin : Cáo Xiàn ) , or Caoxian is a county of southwestern Shandong province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Henan province to the west .
San Girolamo delle Monache is a Roman Catholic church located on Via Mezzocannone in the Quartiere Porto of the historic center of Naples , Italy .
Jurujuba is a promontory and one of the 48 administrative districts in which the city of Niterói , Rio de Janeiro in Brazil is divided .
Macomer ( Sardinian : Macumère ) is a town and comune of Sardinia ( Italy ) in the province of Nuoro .
Lille Presteskjær Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Lille Presteskjær fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in Rekefjord in the municipality of Sokndal in Rogaland , Norway .
Bagnaccio is the name of the ancient thermal baths still in use 8 km northwest of Viterbo , in the Lazio region of Italy .
Flornes Station ( Norwegian : Flornes stasjon ) was a railway station on the Meråker Line in the village of Flornes in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Tomislavci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Томиславци ) is a village located in the Bačka Topola municipality , in the North Bačka District of Serbia .
Kulon Progo Regency ( ˈkulɔn pəˈroɡo ) is one of the four regencies within the Yogyakarta Special Region , Indonesia .
Panemunė ( pronunciation ; German : Übermemel ) is the smallest city in Lithuania .
Gordon Lake is the name of several lakes in Ontario , Canada .
The Randstad ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈrɑntstɑt ) ) is a megalopolis in the Netherlands .
Wola Grabska ( ˈvɔla ˈɡrapska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sessa Cilento ( from Greek Σύεσσα - Syessa ) is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south - western Italy .
Rustaq ( Arabic : الرستاق‎ ) is a town and wilayah ( district ) in the Al Batinah Region of northern Oman .
The Münsterland Giro is a cycling race annually held in Münsterland , Germany .
Jalan Permatang Pauh , Federal Route 3111 ( formerly Penang state route P7 ) , is an industrial federal road in Penang , Malaysia .
Al - Zahiriyah Madrasa ( Arabic : المدرسة الظاهرية‎ ) is a 13th - century madrasah complex in Aleppo , Syria .
Sky Tower 41 is a 41 story high - rise building in Kaminoyama , Yamagata Prefecture , Japan .
Tepelenë ( definite Albanian form : Tepelena ) is a town and a municipality in Gjirokastër County , southern Albania .
Kikoły ( kiˈkɔwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Weisshorn ( German , lit . white peak / mountain ) is a major peak of the Alps and Switzerland , culminating at 4,506 metres ( 14,783 feet ) above sea level .
Maaten Bagush ( Ma'aten Bagush ) was a vast transit camp on the Mediterranean shore , near Mersa Matruh , Egypt during World War II . 31 ° 10′21``N 27 ° 40′10''E
Albarquel is a beach located in the city of Setúbal , Portugal .
Stebník ( Rusyn : Стебник , Hungarian : Esztebnek ) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north - east Slovakia .
Agirda ( Greek : Αγύρτα ; Turkish : Ağırdağ ) is a Turkish Cypriot village in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus .
Balders Hage was a ballcourt and public square in the centre of Gothenburg , Sweden .
Sree Rama Varma High School ( Malayalam : ശ്രീ രാമവര്‍മ്മ ഹൈസ്കൂള്‍ , officially Sree Rama Varma Govt Model Higher Secondary School , popularly known as SRV High School ) is the largest government - owned school in Kochi , Kerala , India .
Mazraeh - ye Badabad ( Persian : مزرعه باداباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bādābād ; also known as Bādābād ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 52 , in 11 families .
Sultanpur Lodhi is one of the most Ancient Cities of India , estimated to be established in around the 1st century AD .
Sīļukalns parish ( Latvian : Sīļukalna pagasts , Latgalian : Seiļukolna pogosts ) is an administrative unit of the Riebiņi Municipality , Latvia .
Damodar Kund ( Gujarati : દામોદર કુંડ ) is one of the sacred lakes as per Hindu beliefs , which is located at the foothills of Girnar hills , near Junagadh in Gujarat , India .
Severalls Hospital in Colchester , Essex , United Kingdom was a psychiatric hospital built in 1910 to the design of architect Frank Whitmore .
The West Island ( in French , l'Ouest de l'île ) is the unofficial name given to the cities , towns and boroughs at the western end of the Island of Montreal , in Quebec , Canada .
Murillo el Fruto ( meaning Murillo the Fruit , i.e. Murillo where fruit is grown ) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Mowtowr - e Khvabiar ( Persian : موتورخوبيار‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Khūbīār ; also known as Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Houffalize ( German : Hohenfels ) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg .
Simeri Crichi ( Greek : Mesimerion - Krikos ) is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Rungkunan National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the municipalities of Ditsaan - Ramain and Tagoloan II in Lanao del Sur , some 10 kilometers east - south - east of the provincial capital Marawi .
The Rif or Riff ( Tamazight ⴰⵔⵔⵉⴼ Arrif ) is a mainly mountainous region of northern Morocco , with some fertile plains , stretching from Cape Spartel and Tangier in the west to Ras Kebdana and the Melwiyya River in the east , and from the Mediterranean in the north to the river of Wergha in the south .
Bo Pho ( Thai : บ่อโพธิ์ ) is a subdistrict in the Nakhon Thai District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
The Sugana Valley ( Italian : Valsugana , German : Suganertal ) is one of the most important valleys in the autonomous province of Trentino in Northern Italy .
Ibadan Airport ( IATA : IBA , ICAO : DNIB ) is an airport serving Ibadan , a city in the Oyo State of Nigeria .
Amlala is a village located in the Mohali District in the state of Punjab , India .
Chrenovec - Brusno ( Hungarian : Tormásborosznó ) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia .
Jõgeva ( German : Laisholm ) is a small town in Estonia with a population of around 6000 people .
Tiergarten Walding ( literally , `` Walding Zoo '' ) , is a small zoo located on a hill in the village of Walding , in the district of Urfahr - Umgebung in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
Cinecittà World is an amusement park located in Rome , Italy .
Črešnjevec pri Semiču ( pronounced ( ˈtʃɾeːʃnjɛʋəts pɾi ˈseːmitʃu ) ; German : Kerschdorf ) is a small village east of Semič in southeastern Slovenia .
The Östergötland archipelago is the collective name of three archipelagoes located to the east of the shore of Östergötland , Sweden , spanning three municipalities .
The Chang International Circuit ( ช้าง อินเตอร์เนชั่นแนล เซอร์กิต ) ( also Buriram United International Circuit ) is a motorsport race track in Buriram , Thailand .
FEBO , a well - known chain of fast - food restaurants in the Netherlands , was named after the Ferdinand Bolstraat .
20th U - boat Flotilla ( `` 20 . Unterseebootsflottille '' ) was a training flotilla ( `` Ausbildungsflottille '' ) of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The flotilla was formed in Pillau , in June 1943 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Ernst Mengersen , and specialised in tactical training ( Vortaktische Ausbildung ) .
Adenau ( ) is a town in the High Eifel in Germany .
Gare de Beauvais is a railway station located in Beauvais in the Oise department , France .
So Fresh is a compilation album series produced and skewed by Sony Music Australia ( formerly Sony BMG Music Entertainment between 2005 and 2008 ) , available in only Australia .
Vieng Phouka , ( also Vien Pou Kha Vieng , Viangphoukha , Viengphoukha , Vieng Pou Kha , Vien Pouka ) is a town in Luang Namtha Province , northeastern Laos , approximately 50 kilometres southwest of the town of Luang Namtha .
The Keibul Lamjao National Park is a national park in the Bishnupur district of the state of Manipur in India .
Gur Mohammad ( Persian : گورمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Gūr Moḩammad ; also known as Tīzāb ) is a village in Mirbag - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Fres ( Greek : Φρες ) is a village and former municipality in the Chania regional unit , Crete , Greece .
The Răcad River is a river in Romania , tributary of the Săcuieu River .
Będzin ( ˈbɛnd͡ʑin ) ( also Bendzin ; German : Bendzin , Bendsburg , Yiddish : בענדין‎ Bendin ) is a city in Zagłębie Dąbrowskie , southern Poland .
Piornedo is a small village in the Ancares mountains in Spain .
Serghaya or Sirghaya ( Arabic سرغايا ) is a small town located in the Damascus countryside in south west Syria .
The County of Dawson is a county ( a cadastral division ) in Queensland , Australia , located in the Shire of Banana in Central Queensland .
The Okomu Forest Reserve is a forest block covering an area of 1081 km² in Edo State , about 50 km west of Benin City , Nigeria .
National Chambal Sanctuary , also called the National Chambal Gharial Wildlife Sanctuary , is a 5,400 km2 ( 2,100 sq mi ) tri - state protected area in northern India for the critically endangered gharial ( small crocodiles ) , the red - crowned roof turtle and the endangered Ganges river dolphin .
Suntar Airport ( IATA : SUY , ICAO : UENS ) is an airport , and possible former air base , serving and located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) north of Suntar , Suntarsky District , in the Sakha Republic of Russia .
Brodowe ( brɔˈdɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ładzice , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ballynacally ( Irish : Baile na Caillí ) is a village and townland situated 16.7 km ( 10.4 mi ) southwest of Ennis , on the R473 coast road to Kilrush in the civil parish of Kilchreest , County Clare , Ireland .
The Pacific National Exhibition ( PNE ) is a non profit organization which hosts an annual 17-day summer fair , seasonal amusement park , and arena in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Mahaday ( Somali : Mahadaay ) is a town in the southeastern Middle Shebelle ( Shabeellaha Dhexe ) province of Somalia .
Bekabad ( Uzbek : Bekobod/Бекобод ; Russian : Бекабад ) , formerly Begovat , is a city in eastern Uzbekistan .
The Ayutthaya Historical Park ( Thai : อุทยานประวัติศาสตร์พระนครศรีอยุธยา ( Pronunciation ) ) covers the ruins of the old city of Ayutthaya , Thailand .
Chornukhy ( Ukrainian : Чорнýхи , Russian : Чернýхи ) is an urban village in the centre of the Chornukhynskyi District , in the Poltava Oblast of central Ukraine .
West Otago is the local name given to part of the region of Otago , New Zealand , lying close to the border with Southland .
Kingswood University is an evangelical Christian University associated with the Wesleyan Church , located in Sussex , New Brunswick , Canada .
Tell es - Sweyhat is the name of a large archaeological site located in Ar - Raqqah Governorate in northern Syria roughly 95 km northeast of Aleppo and 60 km south of Carchemish .
Dragon House ( German Drachenhaus ) is a historical building in Potsdam , Germany , built by King Frederick the Great of Prussia on the southern slope of the Klausberg , which borders the northern edge of Sanssouci Park .
Kostelec u Heřmanova Městce is small village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Ny - Hellesund is an outport in Søgne municipality in Vest - Agder county , Norway , consisting of three main islands with good harbors and approach conditions .
Humburky ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦumburkɪ ) ) is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic located on left bank of the Cidlina River about 2 km southeast of Nový Bydžov .
Lacramarca River ( Spanish : Río Lacramarca , Quebrada Lacramarca ) is a river that flows through the Santa Province of Peru .
Mount Galwey is a mountain located north of Blakiston Creek of Waterton Lakes National Park , in Canada .
Mirissa ( Sinhalese : මිරිස්ස ) is a small town on the south coast of Sri Lanka , located in the Matara District of the Southern Province .
Žubina ( pronounced ( ˈʒuːbina ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Graafwater is a town in the Sandveld in the Western Cape province of South Africa situated 300 km from Cape Town , about halfway between Clanwilliam and Lamberts Bay .
Mahlacheh ( Persian : مهلچه‎ , also Romanized as Mahalcheh and Maḩlacheh ; also known as Mahlakeh and Mahlejeh ) is a village in Fishvar Rural District , Evaz District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Drabeši parish ( Latvian : Drabešu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Amata Municipality , Latvia .
Tohoku International School ( TIS ) is a coeducational international school located in Sendai , Japan .
Poan Station ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 보안역 ) is a railway station in Poanso , Simp'o - ri , Unhŭng county , Ryanggang province , North Korea , on the Paektusan Ch'ŏngnyŏn Line of the Korean State Railway .
Plachkovtsi ( Bulgarian : Плачковци ) is a town in central Bulgaria , part of Tryavna municipality , Gabrovo Province .
Ghofeyleh ( Persian : غفيله‎ ) is a village in Tarrah Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kapaam , also known as Komlathabi is a village in Chandel District , Manipur , India .
Dolenje Polje ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈpoːljɛ ) ; German : Unterfeld ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia .
The Sandweiler German war cemetery is a World War II cemetery in Sandweiler , in southern Luxembourg .
Kemi ( Northern Sami : Giepma ) is a town and municipality of Finland .
Mpanga is a location on River Mpanga in Uganda .
Ali Zangi ( Persian : علي زنگي‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Zangī ; also known as `` Alī Rangī ) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District , Nimbeluk District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 101 , in 29 families .
Khao Laem National Park is a park of about 1,500 square kilometers in western Thailand , located in the northern area of the Tenasserim Hills , Kanchanaburi Province .
Jatiel is a municipality located in the Bajo Martín comarca , province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
Strathcona Provincial Park is the oldest provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , and the largest on Vancouver Island .
Jalan Lapangan Terbang Baru , Federal Route and is a major highway in Kuching city , Sarawak , Malaysia
Talerua Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland , located in the southeastern part of Uummannaq Fjord , at the mouth of Ikerasak Fjord , its innermost section .
Kar - Mulla is a small agricultural village in Kandahar Province , Afghanistan .
Haanja ( Võro : Haani ; German : Hahnshof ) is a village in Võru County , in southeastern Estonia .
Al - Qawalish ( also spelled Gwalish or Qwalish ) is a village in the Nafusa Mountains of Libya , located about 113 km southwest of Tripoli and divide two parts west Al - Qawalish and Este Al - Qawalish and people numbers lives in this village about seven Thousand people .
GCSE and A level results place Wilson 's School among the highest performing schools in the United Kingdom .
Pacific Magazines is a magazine publisher operating in Australia and New Zealand , owned by Seven West Media .
The Taipei Bus Station ( Chinese : 台北轉運站 ; pinyin : Táiběi Zhuǎnyùnzhàn ) is a multi - use complex located next to Taipei Station in Datong District , Taipei , Taiwan .
Chebseh - ye Kuchek ( Persian : چبسه كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Chebseh - ye Kūchek ; also known as Chepseh - ye Kūchek and Chopseh - ye Kūchek ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Weightmans is headquartered in Liverpool 's commercial district and has offices in eight other towns and cities throughout the United Kingdom :
Yargeleh ( Persian : يارگله‎ , also Romanized as Yārgeleh ) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Muha Vas ( pronounced ( ˈmuːxa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Muha vas , in older sources also Gorenja Turkova Draga ; German : Oberfliegendorf ; Gottscheerish : Wliəgndoarf ) is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
The Bahamas Football Association is the official football federation in The Bahamas .
Lake Vistonida ( Greek : Λίμνη Βιστωνίδα , older form : Βιστωνίς , Bulgarian : Лагос , Буругьол Lagos or Burugyol , Turkish : Borugöl ) is a lake in Porto Lagos , Xanthi regional unit , Greece .
Sapnik ( pronounced ( ˈsaːpnik ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Bokoni is a settlement in Arawale National Reserve in Kenya 's Tana River County .
Machulishi ( Belarusian : Мачулішчы , Machulishchy - Russian : Мачулищи ) is a municipality and urban settlement in Belarus , in the Minsk Region , and is part of the Minsk Raion .
Founded in 2003 , Griffith Review has earned a reputation as `` the leading literary magazine in Australia , with an uncanny ability to anticipate emerging trends '' .
Merinaghen ( also Merinaghem or Merinaguene ) is a locality in Northwest Senegal .
Deh Abbas Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ده عباس‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Eslamshahr County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Sabayil Castle is a castle in Baku , Azerbaijan , on the coast of the Caspian Sea .
Piotrków Pierwszy ( ˈpjɔtrkuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bala Kahriz ( Persian : بالاكهريز‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Kahrīz ) is a village in Churs Rural District , in the Central District of Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Las Cabezas de San Juan ( Spanish : Saint John 's Hillocks ) is a village and municipality located in the Bajo Guadalquivir ( Spanish : Lower Guadalquivir ) comarca , in Seville province , Andalusia , Spain .
Later on , the general phase of urbanization that started in other parts of Greece in the 1960s took place in the 1950s on Gavdos .
JSC Vladivostok Air ( also Vladivostok Avia ; Russian : ОАО Владивосток Авиа ) ( IATA : XF , ICAO : VLK ) was an independent airline with its head office at the airport in Artyom , Primorski Krai , Russia .
Geham is a small rural community in the Toowoomba Region , Queensland , Australia .
Sangamner is a city and a municipal council located in the Ahmednagar District of Maharashtra state in India .
The Hoogkarspel water tower is a water tower in Hoogkarspel , Netherlands built in 1930 .
Koro - ni - O is a village in Fiji , noted as the centre of the country 's hydroelectric industry .
Zavareh ( Persian : زواره‎ , also Romanized as Zavāreh , Zavâre , and Zavvāreh ; also known as Īstgāh - ye Zavār and Zūrāvar ) is a city in and the capital of Zavareh District , in Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Stavanger Airport , Sola ( Norwegian : Stavanger lufthavn , Sola ; IATA : SVG , ICAO : ENZV ) is an international airport located serving Stavanger , a city and municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Selouane ( Berber : Seřwan ; Spanish : Zeluán ) is a town in Nador Province , Oriental , Morocco .
Wahunkoha ( Sinhalese : වහුන්ග්කොහ , Tamil : வஹுங்கொஹ ) is a village in Sri Lanka .
The 17 August 2010 Baghdad bombings were two attacks in Baghdad , Iraq .
Fórnoles ( Spanish : ( ˈfornoles ) ) or Fórnols de Matarranya ( Catalan : ( ˈfornuɫz ðə mətəˈraɲə ) , locally : ( ˈfoɾnoɫz ðe mataˈraɲa ) ) is a municipality located in the Matarraña / Matarranya comarca , province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
Maluneh ( Persian : ملونه‎ , also Romanized as Malūneh ; also known as Malūlān ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lago de Oviedo , also known as Laguna de Oviedo , is a saltwater lake in Jaragua National Park , Pedernales Province , Dominican Republic .
Cadí Tunnel ( Catalan and Spanish : Túnel del Cadí ) is a toll road tunnel in Catalonia , Spain , connecting the comarques of Cerdanya and Berguedà .
Eboli is a town and comune of Campania , southern Italy , in the province of Salerno , on the south edge of the hills overlooking the valley of the Sele .
Charidaf ( Persian : چريدف‎ , also Romanized as Charīdaf ) is a village in Surak Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Križan Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈkɾiːʒan ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bistrica ob Sotli in eastern Slovenia .
Cabuyao ( /kɑːbuːˈjɑːw/ ; ( kabuˈjɐw ) ) , or officially known as the City of Cabuyao ( Filipino : Lungsod ng Kabuyaw ) ( ISO : PH-40 ; PSGC : 043404000 ) is a first class city in the western portion of Laguna , Philippines .
Casa Verona 's Mosque is a mosque in the Muthialpet area of Georgetown in Chennai , India .
Fort Bourtange ( Dutch : Vesting Bourtange ) is a star fort in the village of Bourtange , Groningen , Netherlands .
Scott Collegiate is a public high school located in the North Central neighbourhood of Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Gaeltacht an Láir is an Irish - speaking area in central County Donegal , Ireland .
Vyšší Brod ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvɪʃiː ˈbrot ) ; German : Hohenfurth ) is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Ločič ( pronounced ( ˈloːtʃitʃ ) ) is a village on the left bank of the Pesnica River in the Municipality of Trnovska Vas in northeastern Slovenia .
Established in 1963 , Konkuk University Museum features 4,532 historical artifacts , including Dongguk Jeongun , one of the National Treasures of South Korea .
Following Israel 's capture of the West Bank from Jordan in the 1967 Six - Day War , Kalya was re - established as a paramilitary Nahal settlement in 1968 , the first in the area .
Elverhøy Church ( Norwegian : Elverhøy kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county , Norway .
Kjeldebotn Church ( Norwegian : Kjeldebotn kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county , Norway .
Sedati is a district in the Sidoarjo Regency in Java , Indonesia .
New Brunswick Community College ( NBCC ) is a community college located throughout various locations in New Brunswick , Canada including Moncton , Miramichi , Fredericton , ( its head office ) , Saint John , St. Andrews , and Woodstock .
Dunkirk lighthouse ( phare de Dunkerque or phare de Risban ) is an automated first order ( i.e. 60 km beam or further ) port lighthouse , the highest of this type in France .
Czartowice ( t͡ʂartɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Jászdózsa is a village on the banks of the Tarna river in the Jász region of Jász - Nagykun - Szolnok county in central Hungary approximately 100 km ( 62 mi ) east of Budapest .
MingDao University ( MDU ; Chinese : 明道大學 ) is a private university located in Pitou Township , Changhua County , Taiwan .
Prudnik ( ˈprudɲik ) ( German : Neustadt in Oberschlesien ) is a town in Poland , located in the southern part of Opole Voivodeship .
Dadiassé is a village in the far east of Ivory Coast .
Achimota School ( formerly Prince of Wales College and Achimota School , now nicknamed Motown ) , is a co - educational boarding school located at Achimota in Accra , Greater Accra , Ghana .
Velké Opatovice is a small town and a commune in the Moravian region of the Czech Republic .
Lai Lung is a lake near Riom - Parsonz in the Grisons , Switzerland .
Tachileik District ( Burmese : တာချီလိတ်ခရိုင် ; Thai : ท่าขี้เหล็ก , rtgs : Tha Khi Lek , pronounced ( tʰâː.kʰîː.lèk ) , Thai meaning : `` Cassod Port '' ) is a district of the Shan State in Myanmar .
As of 2001 India census , Pangachhiya ( B ) had a population of 7,668 .
Mohammadabad - e Herati ( Persian : محمدابادهراتي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Herātī and Moḩammadābād - e Harātī ; also known as Moḩammadābād and Muhammadābād ) is a village in Ferdows Rural District , Ferdows District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Fr . Conceicao Rodrigues College of Engineering ( CRCE ) , ( popularly known as Fr . Agnel Bandra ) is an engineering college in Mumbai , India .
Łodygowice ( wɔdɨɡɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Château Sigognac is a Bordeaux wine producer located in the commune of Saint - Yzans - de - Médoc , in the department of Gironde in the Aquitane region of south - western France .
Aldoma ( Russian : Алдома ) is a rural locality ( an electric utility post ) in Ayano - Maysky District of Khabarovsk Krai , Russia , located on the shore of the Aldoma Bay ( Sea of Okhotsk ) .
Almaluez is a town and municipality in Spain , located in the province of Soria , in the autonomous community of Castile - Leon , Spain .
Beomgol Station ( Hangul : 범골역 ) is a station of the U Line in Shingok - dong , Uijeongbu , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
The Šiška District ( pronounced ( ˈʃiːʃka ) ; Slovene : Četrtna skupnost Šiška ) , or simply Šiška ( pronunciation ) , is the most populous district ( mestna četrt ) of the City Municipality of Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Senai Airport Highway or Jalan Lapangan Terbang Senai , Federal Route 16 is a major highway in Kulai district , Johor , Malaysia that connects Senai International Airport to Senai , which from there connected to Johor Bahru via Federal Route 1 Skudai Highway .
Soto de la Vega , Soutu de la Veiga , in Leonese language , is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Rizia ( Greek : Ρίζια ) is a village in the municipal unit of Vyssa in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece .
Gdyel ( Arabic : قديل‎ ) , former Saint - Cloud , is a town and commune in District Gdyel , Oran Province , Algeria , about 15 miles to the east of Oran .
Radłówka ( radˈwufka ) ( German : Hartelangenvorwerk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
STMIK Kharisma Karawang was inaugurated on August 10 , 2000 by the Decree of Minister of National Education ( Menteri Pendidikan Nasional ) of the Republic of Indonesia No . 151/D/0/2000 .
Kyprinos ( Greek : Κυπρίνος ) is a town and a former municipality in the Evros regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
Mueang Yang ( Thai : เทศบาลตำบลเมืองยาง ) is a subdistrict municipality ( Thesaban Tambon ) in the Mueang Yang district of Nakhon Ratchasima province , Thailand .
Rugir - e Hajji Mohammad Taqi ( Persian : روگيرحاجي محمدتقي‎ , also Romanized as Rūgīr - e Ḩājjī Moḩammad Taqī ; also known as Rūgīr - e ' ' ājjī ) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Nanjing Library is located at Main Library 66 Chengxian Road , Nanjing , Jiangsu Province 210018 , People 's Republic of China
Talon Chute is a waterfall on the Mattawa River and historic site on the border between the geographic township of Olrig , Nipissing , Unorganized , North Part and the municipality of Calvin in Nipissing District , northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Ljoljići ( Cyrillic : Љољићи ) is a village in the municipality of Jajce , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The main facilities of Airbus Helicopters are at its headquarters in Marignane , France and in Donauwörth , Germany , with additional production plants in Brazil ( Itajubá , MG ) , Australia , Spain and the United States .
Bafq ( Persian : بافق‎ , also Romanized as Bāfq ) is a city in and the capital of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Brändö is an island municipality of Åland , Finland .
Lannoy Abbey , also called Briostel , was a Cistercian abbey in present - day Oise , France .
Śajvo ( Glow ) is one of the oldest bookstores in the center of Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Jalan FELDA Besout , Federal Route 1154 , is a Federal Land Development Authority ( FELDA ) road in Perak , Malaysia .
Ayoxxa Biosystems ( stylized in its logo as AYOXXA ) is a biotechnology company founded in 2010 in Singapore , and headquartered in Germany .
Nea - Nidelvvassdraget is a watercourse in the municipalities of Tydal , Selbu , Klæbu , and Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Verkehrsverbund Rhein - Ruhr ( abbreviated VRR ) is the public transport association covering the area of the Rhine - Ruhr conurbation in Germany .
Hatmabad ( Persian : حتم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩatmābād , Hatmābād , and Hotanābād ; also known as Khatmābād ) is a village in Qahab - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Jalan Simpang Lima - Parit Sulong ( Johor state route J19 ) is a major road in Johor , Malaysia
The Ambarawa Railway Museum , ( Indonesian : Museum Kereta Api Ambarawa ) is a museum located in Ambarawa in Central Java , Indonesia .
After releasing two albums on their self - founded label Fairytale Records Heideroosjes got its nationwide breakthrough in 1995 by opening the prestigious Pinkpop festival in The Netherlands .
Lar River is a river of northern Iran , in the province of Mazandaran .
Safayyeh District ( Persian : بخش صفائیه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Musqan ( Persian : موسقان‎ , also Romanized as Mūsqān and Mowseqān ; also known as Mosqān and Musghān ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Shadow Tor Studios is a United Kingdom video game developer company .
Lalon Shah Bridge ( Bengali : লালন শাহ সেতু ) , also known as the Paksey Bridge , is a road bridge in Bangladesh over the river Padma , situated between Ishwardi Upazila of Pabna on the east , and Bheramara Upazila of Kushtia on the west .
Københavns Idrætspark , in daily use Idrætsparken , also known as Parken , was a multi - purpose stadium in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Barnaul ( Russian : Барнаул ; IPA : ( bərnɐˈul ) ) is a city and the administrative center of Altai Krai , Russia , located along the Ob River in the West Siberian Plain .
Matebeng is a town in southeast Lesotho , situated close to the Senqu River .
Novoye Chaplino ( Russian : Новое Чаплино ) is a village ( selo ) in Providensky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia .
Lavdani ( Greek : Λάβδανη ) is a village and a former community in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Zira'a ( Arabic : زراعة‎ , also spelled Zerraa , Zirhagh or Zar'a ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located southwest of Homs .
Selvena is a small hill - town , population 578 , in southern Tuscany , Italy .
Pchela ( Bulgarian : Пчела , meaning Bee in English ) is a village in Bulgaria , located near the town of Elhovo in Yambol Province .
Hayyah Kabirah ( Arabic : حية كبيرة‎ , also spelled Hayya Kebir ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate , located northeast of Aleppo and south of the Euphrates River .
Labudovo Brdo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лабудово брдо ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Koh Dek Koul Khmer : កោះដេកកោល , Nail island is a small island in the Gulf of Thailand located about 7 km off the coast of Sihanoukville city , in southern Cambodia .
Gopinath Mandir is a Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva in Gopeshwar , Chamoli District , Uttarakhand , India .
The Dominion Drama Festival was an organisation in Canada that sought to promote amateur theatre across the country .
Lugari is a town in Kakamega County in the former Western Province of Kenya .
Heinrich - Lades - Halle ( formerly Stadthalle Erlangen ) is a conference centre located in Erlangen , Germany , which was built between 1969 and 1971 .
Ninalaid is a small Baltic Sea island belonging to the country of Estonia .
Chosun University ( Hangul : 조선대학교 ; hanja : 朝鮮大學校 ; RR : Joseon Daehakgyo ) is one of the oldest private universities in South Korea .
Gharm - Chashma is a hot spring in the mountains of the Ishkoshim Range in Tajikistan 's Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province .
Šilutė ( pronunciation , previously Šilokarčiama , German : Heydekrug ) is a city in the south of the Klaipėda County , Lithuania .
Marakami ( Persian : ماراكمي‎ , also Romanized as Mārākamī ; also known as Mārākūmī ) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tuymazy ( Russian : Туймазы́ ) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia , located 145 kilometers ( 90 mi ) from Ufa .
Kłonowiec - Koracz ( kwɔˈnɔvjɛt͡s ˈkɔrat͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The story has been retold in countless books with the authoritative version being The Lost Lemon Mine by Tom Primrose . The story first appeared in the 1946 edition of the Alberta Folklore Quarterly and later in magazines such as Canada West .
Barredos ( Los Barreros in Asturian ) is one of nine parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Laviana , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
For Fatherland and Freedom / LNNK ( Latvian : Tēvzemei un Brīvībai / LNNK , abbreviated to TB / LNNK ) was a free market national conservative political party in Latvia .
Siburan is a small Sarawakian town located in the Kuching Division , nearby Padawan , Malaysia .
Chi Darki ( Persian : چي دركي‎ , also Romanized as Chī Darkī ; also known as Chedergi ) is a village in Piveshk Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Aguelhok or Adjelhoc ( the official name ) is a rural commune and village in the Kidal Region of eastern Mali in the Tessalit Cercle .
Snåsa ( Southern Sami : Snåase ) is a municipality in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Ouvrage Fermont is a gros ouvrage of the Maginot Line , part of the Fortified Sector of the Crusnes in northeastern France , near the community of Montigny - sur - Chiers .
Yeti Gadda Kistapur is a village in the Medak District in the Telangana state of India .
Tasu Sound is a large sound on the west coast of Moresby Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia , Canada .
Hoseynabad - e Mehdi Qoli ( Persian : حسين ابادمهديقلي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Mehdī Qolī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād - e Mehdqolī , Ḩoyseynābād , and Husainābād ) is a village in Mahan Rural District , Mahan District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hoseynabad - e Qorqi ( Persian : حسين ابادقرقي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Qorqī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Transmission Gully is a chain of sleep - sided , isolated valleys in the Wellington Region of New Zealand .
Le Grand - Abergement is a former commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Masi - Manimba is a town in Kwilu District , Bandundu Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo , the headquarters of the Masi - Manimba Territory .
Taha Hussein Museum is a historic house museum and biographical museum in Cairo , Egypt .
The Bank of Adelaide was founded in 1865 in Adelaide , the capital of South Australia .
Ceyranbatan ( also , Dzheyranbatan ) is a village and municipality in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Górka Sobocka ( ˈɡurka sɔˈbɔt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The R. C. Harris Water Treatment Plant in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , is both a crucial piece of infrastructure and an architecturally acclaimed historic building named after the longtime commissioner of Toronto 's public works R.C. Harris .
Lightning Ridge Airport ( IATA : LHG , ICAO : YLRD ) is an airport located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south southwest of Lightning Ridge , New South Wales , Australia .
Ada Ciganlija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ада Циганлија , pronounced ( ˈǎːda tsiˈɡǎnlija ) ) , colloquially shortened to Ada , is a river island that has artificially been turned into a peninsula , located in the Sava River 's course through central Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
The University of Barcelona ( Catalan : Universitat de Barcelona , UB ; IPA : ( uniβərsiˈtat də βərsəˈɫonə ) ; Spanish : Universidad de Barcelona ) is a public university located in the city of Barcelona , Catalonia in Spain .
Sungei Road ( Chinese : 双溪路 ; literally River Road ) is a road in Singapore situated between Serangoon Road and Jalan Besar and runs along the Rochor Canal .
Between 1968 and 1973 , the population of the BIOT was removed to Mauritius and The Seychelles , following which the United States built a large naval and military base on Diego Garcia , which has been in continuous operation ever since .
Nowe Piegłowo ( ˈnɔvɛ pjɛˈɡwɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Campo Mourão is home to Coamo , the largest cooperative in Brazil and the third largest in the world .
Teplyk Raion ( Ukrainian : Теплицький район , translit . Teplytskyi raion ) is a raion ( district ) of Vinnytsia Oblast in west - central Ukraine .
Teplá Abbey ( Czech : Klášter Teplá ; German : Stift Tepl ) is a Premonstratensian abbey in the western part of Bohemia , included in the Archdiocese of Prague , Czech Republic .
Faisalabad Institute of Cardiology is a 200 bed cardiac hospital and research center in Faisalabad , Pakistan .
The Baluarte Bridge ( Spanish : Puente Baluarte ) , officially the Baluarte Bicentennial Bridge ( Spanish : Puente Baluarte Bicentenario ) , is a cable - stayed bridge in Mexico .
Little Norway Park is a small park in the Harbourfront area of Toronto , Ontario , Canada at the southwest corner of Bathurst Street and Queen 's Quay West .
Sołojewszczyzna ( sɔwɔjɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Milicz ( ˈmilit͡ʂ ) ( German : Militsch ) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Fort Hughes ( Caballo Island , the Philippines ) was part of the harbor defenses of Manila and Subic Bays built by the Philippine Department of the U.S. Army in the early 1900s .
The Gulf of Antalya ( Turkish : Antalya Körfezi ) is a large bay of the northern Levantine Sea , in the eastern Mediterranean Sea south of Antalya Province , Turkey .
The Tampere Central Square ( Finnish : Keskustori ) is a public square in the centre of Tampere , Finland , along the main street Hämeenkatu .
The Kaj mosque is a historical mosque in the Isfahan province , in Iran .
Gubbarudda , formally Gubberudda ( Irish : Gob a ' Roide ) is a townland in Co. Roscommon , Ireland 4.5 kilometres north - west from the village of Arigna .
Beklemeto Pass , also known as Troyan Pass ( Bulgarian : Троянски проход ) , is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains ( Stara Planina ) in Bulgaria .
Norðoyri ( in Danish Nordøre , or Oyri by the locals ) is a village in the Faroe Islands on the northern island of Borðoy .
The University of Cruz Alta ( in Portuguese Universidade de Cruz Alta ) , also known as UNICRUZ , is a private university in Brazil , located in the city of Cruz Alta , in the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Gulbarga Airport is a greenfield airport being built to serve Gulbarga in Karnataka , India .
Spuž ( Montenegrin / Serbian Cyrillic : Спуж ) is a small town within the Municipality of Danilovgrad , Montenegro .
Gare de Bois - Colombes is a railway station serving the town Bois - Colombes , Hauts - de - Seine department , in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Greek National Road 8 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 8 , abbreviated as EO8 , common name : old Athens - Patras national road ) is a single carriageway with at - grade intersections in the Attica , Peloponnese and West Greece regions .
Samii ( Persian : سميعي‎ , also Romanized as Samī``ī ; also known as Samī``ā and Samīyeh ) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District , Shabankareh District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 276 , in 49 families .
Tevfik Sırrı Gür High School ( or more formally `` Tevfik Sırrı Gür Anatolian High School '' ) is the oldest high school in Mersin , Turkey
Hali Bon ( Persian : هلي بن‎ , also Romanized as Halī Bon ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Siracourt V-1 bunker is a Second World War bunker built in 1943 - 44 by the forces of Nazi Germany at Siracourt , a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of France .
The Barby Ferry , also known as the Ronney Barby Ferry , is a cable ferry across the Elbe river between Barby and Walternienburg in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Lohheide is an unincorporated area in the district of Celle , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Muliaage ( Dhivehi : މުލިއާގެ , pronounced ( muliˈəːɡe ) ) was the ' Official Residence of the President of the Maldives ' .
Sufczyna ( sufˈt͡ʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Wons ( West Frisian : Wûns ) is a village in Súdwest - Fryslân in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Sørkjosen Airport ( Norwegian : Sørkjosen lufthavn ; IATA : SOJ , ICAO : ENSR ) is a regional airport located at Sørkjosen in Nordreisa , Norway , 4.5 kilometres ( 2.8 mi ) from the municipal center of Storslett .
Kaboora Institute of Higher Education ( Pashto : د کابورا د لوړو زدکړو موسسه‎)is a university in Kabul , the capital city of Afghanistan .
Carapibus is a beach located in the municipality of Conde , Paraíba in the southern portion of the state of Paraíba , Northeast Brazil .
Souparnika River is a river flowing through Kundapur taluk in Karnataka , India .
Baghalchur or Baghal Chor ( Urdu : بغلچور‎ ) is a village in Dera Ghazi Khan District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Kampala Airport , also known as Kololo Airstrip , ( ICAO : HUKC ) was an airport in Uganda .
Wülfrath is a town in the district of Mettmann ( district ) , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Warunta River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( waˈɾunta ) ) is a river in the Gracias a Dios Department of Honduras that flows into the Warunta Lagoon adjoining the larger Caratasca Lagoon , beside the Caribbean Sea .
Kyrykyy ( Russian : Кырыкый ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Kyrykyysky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 90 kilometers ( 56 mi ) from Verkhnevilyuysk , the administrative center of the district .
Åna Prison ( Norwegian : Åna fengsel ) is a prison in Hå municipality in Rogaland , Norway .
Sde Nehemia ( Hebrew : שְׂדֵה נְחֶמְיָה , lit . Nehemia 's Field ) ( Sde Nehemya ) is a kibbutz in the Upper Galilee region of Israel .
Karkhaneh - ye Raisiyan ( Persian : كارخانه رئيسيان‎ , also Romanized as Kārkhāneh - ye Ra’īsīyān ) is a village in Amlash - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Port Hills are a range of hills in Canterbury , New Zealand , so named because they lie between the city of Christchurch and its port at Lyttelton .
Vysoké Tatry ( literally , High Tatras ) , informally Mesto Vysoké Tatry ( literally , The Town of High Tatras ) , is a town at the feet of the Slovak part of High Tatras in Slovakia including all the major resorts in that region .
About 18 km from Malari , Niti is the last village in India , bordering Tibet .
( Saro Shah is about 5 km from Takht Bhai ( or Takht Bahi ) which is a Buddhist monastic complex dating to the 1st century BCE . ... The ruins are located about 15 kilometers from Mardan in Pakistan ) .
Sriniwaspuri ( Hindi : श्रीनिवासपुरी ) is a small Colony located in the southern part of Delhi , India .
Parchim ( German pronunciation : ( ˈpaʁçɪm ) ) is a town in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
The China Strait is a navigable strait in the Milne Bay Province of Papua New Guinea between Samarai Island and Sariba Island .
El Quetzal ( Spanish pronunciation : ( el ketˈsal ) ) is a municipality in the San Marcos department of Guatemala .
The Canadian Lacrosse Association ( French : l'Association canadienne de crosse ) , founded in 1867 , is the governing body of lacrosse in Canada .
Killuran ( Irish : Cill Úráin ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Shoqan ( Persian : شوقان‎‎ , also Romanized as Shoqān ) is a city in and the capital of Jolgeh Shoqan District , in Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
WKE ( Woonwagenkamp Emmen ( English : Emmen Trailer Park ) ) is a football club from Emmen in the Netherlands .
Potkozlovača ( Cyrillic : Подкозловача ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial ( INTA , English : National Institute of Aerospace Technology ) is Spain 's space agency .
Caarpsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Khomedeh ( Persian : خمده‎ , also Romanized as Hamdeh , Khamdeh , Khamīdeh , and Khomdeh ) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Little Davis Falls is a 3 metre high twin curtain waterfall found in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Dolný Moštenec is town section of Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Canton 10 ( Croatian : Županija 10 ; Bosnian : Kanton 10 ; Serbian Cyrillic : Кантон 10 ) is one of the 10 cantons of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Örgryte is one of the 21 stadsdelsnämndsområden ( a kind of district often translated as borough ) of Gothenburg Municipality , Sweden .
Front de Seine ( also known as Beaugrenelle ) is a district in Paris , France , located along the river Seine in the 15th arrondissement at the south of the Eiffel Tower .
Thionck Essyl ( also called Tionk Essil ) is a town in Ziguinchor , Senegal , located 65 km north - west of the region capital .
The North Bay Police Service is responsible for law enforcement in North Bay and Callander , Ontario , Canada .
Bećari ( Serbian : Бећари ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Church of Santa Maria di Caravaggio is a Baroque Catholic church located on Piazza Dante in Naples , Italy .
The figure of Reynard is thought to have originated in Alsace - Lorraine folklore from where it spread to France , the Low Countries , and Germany .
The Central Sofia Market Hall ( Bulgarian : Централни софийски хали , Tsentralni sofiyski hali ) , known popularly simply as The Market Hall ( Халите , Halite ) is a covered market in the centre of Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria , located on Marie Louise Boulevard .
Mount Makarakomburu is the second highest point in the Solomon Islands , located approximately 20 miles south of Honiara , the capital , on the island of Guadalcanal , which is the largest island in the country .
XHVAL - FM is a radio station in Valle de Bravo on 88.5 MHz , owned by the government of the State of Mexico .
Bara Katra ( Bengali : বড় কাটরা ) is a historical and architectural monument located in the city of Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Gotjawal Forest is a naturally formed forest located on the middle slopes of Halla Mountain , Jeju Island in South Korea .
Vidonci ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːdɔntsi ) ; Hungarian : Vidorlak ) is a village in the Municipality of Grad in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Central Única dos Trabalhadores ( English : Unified Workers ' Central ) , commonly known by the acronym CUT , is the main national trade union center in Brazil .
Narınclar ( also , Nareshtar and Narishtar ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Skasenden is a small village in the municipality of Grue , Norway .
Qullikarsuaq Peninsula is a peninsula of Greenland .
Zakrzewo - Kopijki ( zaˈkʂɛvɔ kɔˈpii̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mexico 's Constitution of Apatzingán was signed in the city in 1814 , during the Mexican War of Independence in the Viceroyalty of New Spain against the Spanish Empire .
Meersbrook Park is set on a steep hillside in Meersbrook , Sheffield , United Kingdom , and offers a stunning panoramic view over central Sheffield to the north .
The Eduardo VII Park ( Portuguese : Parque Eduardo VII ) is a public park in Lisbon , Portugal .
Gaberke ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːbɛɾkɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šoštanj in northern Slovenia .
Ottley 's is a settlement in the north of Saint Kitts in Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Emad Deh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان عمادده‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sahray - ye Bagh District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Darzikola - ye Navshirvan ( Persian : درزئ كلانوشيروان‎ , also Romanized as Darzikolā - ye Navshīrvān ) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Nobby Islet ( also known as Knobby Island and Nobby Island ) is an islet located in the Great Australian Bight off the south coast of Kangaroo Island in South Australia approximately 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) south - west of Kingscote .
The Beverly - Begg Observatory is a New Zealand astronomical observatory , situated on Robin Hood Park in the Belleknowes part of Dunedin 's town belt .
Kotlas Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Котлас ) ( IATA : KSZ , ICAO : ULKK ) is a small airport in Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia located 4 km southeast of Kotlas .
Algeciras Municipal Library ( Spanish : biblioteca municipal de Algeciras ) is a public library network in Algeciras , Spain .
Taruja Marka ( Aymara taruja deer , marka village , `` deer village '' , hispanicized spelling Tarucamarca ) or Taruka Marka ( Quechua spelling ) is a mountain in the La Raya mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Cape Breton West is a former provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia , Canada that existed from 1933 - 2013 .
Wahleach Lake , commonly known as Jones Lake , is a lake and reservoir located in the Skagit Range in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia , Canada , east of the city of Chilliwack and southwest of the town of Hope .
Stebnyk ( Ukrainian : Стебник ) is a northern suburb of Drohobych in Lviv Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine , close to the border with Poland .
Siraj - ji - Takri or Seeraj - ji - Takri is a Buddhist archaeological site located in Sindh , Pakistan .
Borgheim is the administrative centre of the municipality Nøtterøy outside Tønsberg , Norway .
Conrad Gargett is an Australia - based architectural practice .
Jughni ( Persian : جوغني‎ , also Romanized as Jūghnī ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ranthambore National Park ( Hindi : रणथंभौर राष्ट्रीय उद्यान ) or Ranthambhore is one of the largest national parks in northern India , covering an area of 392 km² .
The Braamfontein Spruit ( from the Afrikaans for `` spring of brambles '' ) is the longest stream in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Bawden Rocks , also known as Cow and Calf or Man and His Man , are a pair of small islands approximately one mile north of St Agnes Head , off the coast of Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Ballito is a small holiday town located in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Makedonski Brod ( Macedonian : Македонски Брод ( maˈkɛdɔnski brɔt ) ; meaning Macedonian Ford ) is a town in the central part of Macedonia , on the south - eastern part of Suva Gora , western Karadžica and south - western Dautica mountains .
The Houtman Abrolhos ( often informally called the Abrolhos Islands ) is a chain of 122 islands , and associated coral reefs , in the Indian Ocean off the west coast of Australia .
Mullaitivu District ( Tamil : முல்லைத்தீவு மாவட்டம் Mullaittīvu Māvaṭṭam ; Sinhalese : මුලතිවු දිස්ත්‍රික්කය ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka , the second level administrative division of the country .
Trinitapoli is a town and comune in the province of Barletta - Andria - Trani in the Apulia region of southeast Italy .
Koivusuo Strict Nature Reserve ( Koivusuon luonnonpuisto ) is a strict nature reserve located in the North Karelia region of Finland .
Slatinski Dol ( pronounced ( ˈslaːtinski ˈdoːl ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the western Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) north and west of Zgornja Kungota in the Municipality of Kungota in northeastern Slovenia .
Wennappuwa is a small town in Puttalam District , located in the North Western Province , Sri Lanka .
Galatsi ( Greek : Γαλάτσι , ( ɣaˈlatsi ) ) , called in Katharevousa Galatsion ( Greek : Γαλάτσιον ) , is a northern suburb of Athens , Greece , and a municipality of the Attica region .
Abgurandan ( Persian : اب گوراندان‎ , also Romanized as Ābgūrāndān ; also known as Āb Charīān and Lāgū - ye Charīān ) is a village in Abtar Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
McClelland Gallery and Sculpture Park is a sculpture and exhibition space for modern and contemporary art in Langwarrin near Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Promyk ( ˈprɔmɨk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Zinder Airport ( IATA : ZND , ICAO : DRZR ) is an airport serving Zinder , Niger , near the city .
The Naval Careers Service is a constituent part of the Naval Service in the United Kingdom which also consists of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines .
Naseeruddin Memorial Hall is a landmark in the city of Lakhimpur in Lakhimpur Kheri district , Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Vatican Necropolis lies under the Vatican City , at depths varying between 5 - -12 meters below Saint Peter 's Basilica .
Due to the Ogo Mountains ' elevated , highland location in northern Somalia , the range has an unexpectedly temperate climate .
Hämeenlinna ( Swedish : Tavastehus ) is a city and municipality of about 68,000 inhabitants in the heart of the historical province of Häme in the south of Finland and is the birthplace of composer Jean Sibelius .
Neendoor Subrahmanya Swami Temple is an ancient lord Muruga temple is located in Neendoor , Kottayam district ( Kerala , India ) .
The Boelwerf , initially called J. Boel & Zonen , was a shipyard on the river Scheldt in Temse , Belgium , which produced ships from 1829 until 1994 .
Radež ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːdɛʃ ) ) is a settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Sevnica in east central Slovenia .
Vratnica ( Macedonian : Вратница ) is a small village and community located in the Jegunovce Municipality of Macedonia .
Nouvion ( or sometimes Nouvion - en - Ponthieu ) is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
The Victoria State Opera ( VSO ) , based in Melbourne , Australia , was founded in Melbourne in 1962 .
Luleå Cathedral ( Swedish : Luleå domkyrka ) in Luleå , Sweden , serves the Diocese of Luleå and the local Church of Sweden parish , Luleå Cathedral Parish ( Luleå domkyrkoförsamling ) .
Esperadinha Airport ( IATA : BVR , ICAO : GVBR ) was a public use airport located near Esperadinha , Brava , Cape Verde .
Dead Letter Circus are an alternative rock band from Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Totness Recreation Park , is a protected area located in South Australia within the localities of Mount Barker and Totness in the central Mount Lofty Ranges .
The Gippsland Lakes Coastal Park is a coastal park in the East Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
Guanare Airport ( IATA : GUQ , ICAO : SVGU ) is an airport serving Guanare , a city in the state of Portuguesa in Venezuela .
Gangaw District ( Burmese : ဂန့်ဂေါ ခရိုင် , Burmese pronunciation : ( ɡa̰ɴɡɔ́ kʰəjàiɴ ) ) is a district of the Magway Division in central Myanmar .
A March 2013 survey from the British property website Rightmove ranked Harrogate as the `` happiest place '' to live in the United Kingdom .
The Manaslu Conservation Area is a protected area in Nepal .
Warlity Wielkie ( varˈlitɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Warglitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Miri ( Persian : مزرعه ميري‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Mīrī ) is a village in Sahray - ye Bagh Rural District , Sahray - ye Bagh District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
IBM Toyosu Facility , located in Toyosu , Kōtō - ku , Tokyo , Japan , is one of the two largest facilities occupied by IBM in Tokyo , the other being IBM Hakozaki Facility .
Picturesque Lelant railway station is on the waterfront of the Hayle estuary below the village of Lelant in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Ura Vajgurore is a municipality in Berat County , central Albania .
La Forêt - de - Tessé commune in the Charente department in southwestern France .
Pipaldanda is a village and market center of Chautara Municipality in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Julianpol ( juˈljanpɔl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Trifylia ( Greek : Τριφυλία ) is a municipality in the Messenia regional unit , Peloponnese , Greece .
The Durban Outer Ring Road is a ring road that circles the city of Durban , South Africa .
The Cherio River ( Bergamasque : Chere ) is a river of the Province of Bergamo in Lombardy in Italy .
Uka Airport is an airfield in Kamchatka Krai , Russia , located 11 km northwest of Uka .
The Taipei Metro Zhongpo Station is a planned metro station on the Xinyi Line located in Xinyi , Taipei , Taiwan .
Khalifa Sports City Stadium , also known as Isa Town Stadium , is a multi - use stadium in Isa Town , Bahrain .
Sebiston ( Persian : سیبستان‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
The Dean Forest Act 1842 ( 5 & 6 Vict c 65 ) , sometimes referred to as the Ecclesiastical Districts in Forest of Dean Act 1842 , was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Balvanera is a neighborhood ( `` barrio '' ) of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Guadeloupe National Park ( French : Parc national de la Guadeloupe ) is a national park in Guadeloupe , an overseas department of France located in the Leeward Islands of the eastern Caribbean region .
The Louis Joubert Lock ( French : Forme Ecluse Louis Joubert ) also known as the Normandie Dock , is a lock and major dry dock located in the port of Saint - Nazaire , in Loire - Atlantique northwestern France .
Hagen Fjord is a fjord in north - eastern Greenland .
Edasjön is a lake located in the province of Uppland , Sweden .
Plaza del Sol is one of the largest shopping malls in the urban area of Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico , located in the municipality of Zapopan .
Seleki is a village in Basse Casamance in the south of Senegal .
Farah University ( Persian : دانشگاه فراه‎ ) is located in Farah province , Afghanistan .
Mymensingh Girls ' Cadet College Bengali : ময়মনসিংহ গার্লস ক্যাডেট কলেজ is a military high school for girls , located in Mymensingh town , Bangladesh , near Charpara .
Monte Cristi Pipe Wreck is a submerged archaeological site located on the north coast of Hispaniola in the Dominican Republic near the border of Haiti , part of the Greater Antilles in the Caribbean .
The 1996 French Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 30 June 1996 at Circuit de Nevers , Magny - Cours , France .
The mediaeval Cathedral of Guarda ( Portuguese : Catedral da Guarda , Sé da Guarda ) is a historical religious building in Guarda , in Northeastern Portugal .
Kunova ( pronounced ( ˈkuːnɔʋa ) ) is a dispersed village in the hills south of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia .
Velventos ( Greek : Βελβεντός ) is a town and a former municipality in Kozani regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
Jamsil - dong is a neighbourhood , dong , of Songpa - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
III Mas is located in southern Yerevan , Armenia ; its name translates into English as `` 3rd District .
XHFAJ - FM ( better known as Alfa 91.3 ) is an English - language Top 40/CHR format radio station in Mexico City , broadcasting on the frequency of 91.3 MHz . XHFAJ - FM broadcasts in HD .
The Musée Cernuschi ( French pronunciation : ​(my.ze sɛʁ.ny.ʃi ) ) ( Cernuschi Museum ) is an Asian art museum , specialising in works from China , Japan , and Korea , located at 7 avenue Vélasquez , near Parc Monceau , in Paris , France .
Bar Giora ( Hebrew : בַּר גִּיּוֹרָא ) is a moshav in the Judean Mountains in Israel .
Otterndorf is a town on the coast of the North Sea in the region of Lower Saxony , Germany , and is part of the Samtgemeinde Land Hadeln .
Riga Motor Museum ( Latvian : Rīgas motormuzejs ) is the biggest antique vehicle museum in the Baltic countries , located in Riga , Latvia .
An Giang Airport is a planned airport in An Giang Province , Mekong Delta , southern Vietnam According to the master plan , total cost is estimated around $ 64 million and will be invested in phases , the first phase will be constructed from 2011 to 2020 .
Kunturkhacha ( Quechua kuntur condor , khacha crusted dirt , `` crusted condor dirt '' , hispanicized spelling Condorcacha ) is a mountain in the Chila mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
The Italian Bridge ( Russian : Италья́нский мост ) is the bridge across the Griboedov Canal in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Jawor Castle ( Polish : Zamek w Jaworze ) is a castle in Jawor , Poland .
Ahmadabad - e Atabaki ( Persian : احمداباداتابكي‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Ātābakī ; also known as Aḩmadābād ) is a village in Kezab Rural District , Khezrabad District , Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Tamatam or Tamatan is an island , village and municipality in the state of Chuuk , Federated States of Micronesia .
Konar Esmail ( Persian : كناراسماعيل‎ , also Romanized as Konār Esmā``īl , Kenār Esmā``īl , Konār - e Esmā``īl ) is a village in Band - e Zarak Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 701 , in 117 families .
Mrówczyno ( mrufˈt͡ʂɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Trzebiatów ( tʂɛˈbjatuf ) ( German : Treptow an der Rega , German pronunciation : ( ˈtʁeːptoː ) ) is a town in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland .
Hurakan Condor is a ' giant drop ' ride located in PortAventura , Catalonia , Spain .
The Four Apostles was created during the Reformation , begun in 1517 and having the largest initial impact on Germany .
The Eastbourne International is a tennis tournament on the Women 's Tennis Association Tour and the ATP World Tour held at the Devonshire Park Lawn Tennis Club , Eastbourne , United Kingdom .
Lower Redwater Lake is a freshwater lake in the municipality of Temagami of Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Santa Maria Podone is a small church in central Milan , Italy .
Villar del Buey ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biˈʎaɾ ðel ˈβwei ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .
Ahmadabad - e Koleybi ( Persian : احمدابادكليبي‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Koleybī ; also known as Aḩmadābād ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ujanis ( Armenian : Ուժանիս , also Romanized as Uzhanis ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
The name `` Whitehall '' is often used as a metonym to refer to that part of the civil service which is involved in the government of the United Kingdom .
The Drop Hydro Power Station is a Pacific Hydro hydroelectric power station on the Mulwala Canal , near Berrigan , New South Wales , Australia .
Tanguiyeh ( Persian : تنگوييه‎ , also Romanized as Tangū’īyeh and Tangoo’yeh ; also known as Tangū and Tangūyeh ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Jacques Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located south of Highway 16 and Jasper Lake in Jasper National Park , Canada .
Jubail Airport is an airfield 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) west of Jubail City in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia .
Fin Island is an island in the North Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , located to the northwest of Gil Island between Cridge and Lewis Passages .
Brezje pri Grosupljem ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ɡɾɔˈsuːpljɛm ) ) is a settlement just west of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Valdeķi Manor ( Latvian : Valdeķu muižas pils ) is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale , in Latvia .
The Castello de Zanna is a small fortress , situated in the frazione of Majon , in the comune of Cortina d'Ampezzo in the southern ( Dolomitic ) Alps of the Veneto region of Northern Italy .
Vunukuru or Unukuru is a village panchayat in Regidi Amadalavalasa mandal of Srikakulam district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Ankogel ( 3,252 m ) is a mountain in the Ankogel Group in the eastern High Tauern range in Austria .
Behabad - e Qobasiah ( Persian : به ابادقباسيان‎ , also Romanized as Behābād - e Qobāsīāh ; also known as Beyābād and Bīābād - e Qobā Sīāh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Dinachal Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ديناچال‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Repanidi ( Greek : Ρεπανίδι ) is a village and a community in the northeast of the island of Lemnos , Greece .
Petrelë Castle ( Albanian : Kalaja e Petrelës ) is a castle in Petrelë , central Albania .
The Minangkabau version -- probably the most popular dendeng dish in Indonesia -- is called Dendeng Balado or Dendeng Batokok is a speciality from Padang , West Sumatra , made from beef which is thinly cut then dried and fried before adding chillies and other ingredients .
Nebaj is an archaeological site of the pre - Columbian Maya civilization , located in the western Guatemala highlands .
El Quinche is a city of Ecuador , in the Pichincha Province , about 20 mi ( 32 km ) from the city of Quito .
Asad Qeshlaqi - ye Yek ( Persian : اسدقشلاقي 1‎ , also Romanized as Asad Qeshlāqī - ye Yek ) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Baronville ( German : Baronweiler , 1941 - -44 Barenweiler ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in northeastern France .
Midtgulen Church ( Norwegian : Midtgulen kyrkje ) is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Lekhziri Glacier ( Georgian : ლეხზირი ) is a valley glacier located on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti Region of Georgia .
Safar Zai ( Persian : صفرزائي‎ , also Romanized as Şafar Zā’ī ; also known as Şafar Zahī ) is a village in Qorqori Rural District , Qorqori District , Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Estates Theatre or Stavovské divadlo is a historic theatre in Prague , Czech Republic .
Mount View , New South Wales is a rural locality located in the Hunter Region wine region in New South Wales Australia .
Clyde River Airport ( IATA : YCY , ICAO : CYCY ) is located 2.2 nautical miles ( 4.1 km ; 2.5 mi ) northeast of Clyde River , Nunavut , Canada , and is operated by the government of Nunavut .
Fornaci di Barga is a frazione of Barga in the Province of Lucca , Tuscany , Italy .
Major League Quidditch ( MLQ ) is a professional quidditch league that represents the sport 's highest level in both the United States and Canada .
Howard Park Wines is Western Australia 's largest family - owned winery owned by the Burch family , which is responsible for such brands as Howard Park , MadFish , and Marchand & Burch .
Chimoio Airport is an airport in Chimoio , Mozambique ( IATA : VPY , ICAO : FQCH ) .
Canton of Matheysine - Trièves is a canton of the Isère département , in south - eastern part of France .
Repvåg Church ( Norwegian : Repvåg kirke ) is a church in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Kings Domain is an area of parklands in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Lechitów ( lɛˈxituf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Raymond Gardiner High School Playfield is a multi - use sporting facilities in Bottle Creek , North Caicos , Turks and Caicos Islands .
Punakha Province ( Dzongkha : སྤུ་ན་ཁ་ ; Wylie : spu - na - kha ) was one of the nine historical Provinces of Bhutan .
Lavali ( Persian : لوالي‎ , also Romanized as Lavālī ; also known as Lūā’ī ) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Cwmystwyth experiences an oceanic climate ( Köppen climate classification Cfb ) similar to almost all of Wales and the United Kingdom .
The Botanic Garden of the Irkutsk State University is a botanic garden in Irkutsk , Siberia , Russia .
Pir Kuh - e Sofla ( Persian : پيركوه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Kūh - e Soflá ; also known as Pīr Kūh - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lekenik is a village and a municipality in central Croatia , located between Sisak and Velika Gorica in the lowland region of Turopolje .
Andrićgrad ( Serbian Cyrillic : Андрићград , meaning `` Andrić 's town '' ) is the name of an ongoing construction project located in Višegrad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina by director Emir Kusturica .
Għajn Tuffieħa forms part of the Manikata village in Malta which is part of the Mellieħa .
Malleco National Reserve is a national reserve of Chile .
Podmoskovie Stadium , situated in the suburb of Shchelkovo some 15 km from the centre of Moscow , is one of the oldest stadia in Russia .
Monte Tremalzo is a mountain between Lombardy and Trentino Alto Adige , Italy .
The American Institute of Chemists Gold Medal , given since 1926 , is the institute 's highest award and is awarded annually to a person who has promoted activity of service to the science or profession of chemist or chemical engineer in the United States of America .
Dogonbadan Police Station ( Persian : پليس راه دوگنبدان‎ -- Polīs Rāh - e Dogonbadān ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Radoslavci ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːdɔslau̯tsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia .
Veliko Mlačevo ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlikɔ ˈmlaːtʃɛʋɔ ) ; German : Großmlatschevo ) is a village in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
The Loggia dei Mercanti ( `` Merchants ' Lodge '' ) is a historical palace in Ancona , central Italy .
Nowy Szczeglin ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈʂt͡ʂɛɡlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Huda lui Papară River ( also known as Valea Morilor River ) is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania .
Piovene Rocchette is a town in the province of Vicenza , Veneto , northern Italy .
Dolmen de Axeitos is a prehistoric megalithic dolmen just to the northwest of the village Axeitos , in the parish of Oleiros , in the municipality of Riveira , on the Barbanza Peninsula in the estuary of the Ría de Arousa in the Province of A Coruña , Galicia , in northern Spain .
Victoria Harbour is a natural landform harbour situated between Hong Kong Island and Kowloon in Hong Kong .
Posht Gorg ( Persian : پشت گرگ‎ ) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Torre de Miguel Sesmero is a municipality located in the province of Badajoz , Extremadura , Spain ( Europe ) .
Awgbu is a town in Orumba north Local Government Area of Anambra State , South East Nigeria .
Gusau is a city and Local Government Area located in northwestern Nigeria .
Khakrez ( also : Khakriz , Khak Reiz ) is a village and the center of Khakrez District , Kandahar Province , Afghanistan .
Bakhanay ( Russian : Баханай ; Yakut : Баахынай ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Lindinsky Rural Okrug of Zhigansky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 110 kilometers ( 68 mi ) from Zhigansk , the administrative center of the district .
Starý Bohumín , lit . `` Old Bohumín '' ( German : Alt Oderberg , Polish : Stary Bogumin ) is a part of the town of Bohumín in Karviná District , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic .
Olympiapark Schwimmstadion Berlin ( German : Berlin Olympic Swim Stadium ) is an aquatics venue located in Berlin , Germany constructed for the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Knoda is a mountain in southern Norway .
The Anglican Diocese of Tasmania includes the entire Tasmanian archipelago and is an extraprovincial diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia .
Lazarski University ( formerly known as Higher School of Commerce and Law ) ( Polish : Uczelnia Łazarskiego ) is a private university located in Warsaw , Poland .
The Thessaloniki State Museum of Contemporary Art ( Greek : Κρατικό Μουσείο Σύγχρονης Τέχνης ) is a state museum based in Thessaloniki , Central Macedonia , Greece .
Great Northern Rail Services was railway operator in Victoria , Australia .
The De Contas River ( Portuguese : Rio de Contas ) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil .
Wakema ( Burmese : ဝါးခယ်မမြို့ ( wákʰɛ̀ma̰ mjo̰ ) ) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south - west Myanmar .
Hatlestrand Church ( Norwegian : Hatlestrand kyrkje ) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Sheer Sound was formed in November 1994 , shortly after South Africa 's first democratic elections .
Long Taan is a longhouse settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Dalkarlså Folk High School ( Swedish : Dalkarlså folkhögskola ) is situated in northern Sweden near the settlement of Dalkarlså .
Šamorín ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈʃamoriːn ) ; Hungarian : Somorja , German : Sommerein ) is a small Slovak town in western Slovakia , southeast of Bratislava ( Pozsony ) .
Rangjung is a town on the Gamri River in the Radhi Gewog of Tashigang District , East Bhutan .
Zaube ( German : ( ( ( 1 ) ) ) Jürgensburg ) is a village in Amata municipality , Latvia .
Oued El Abiod ( in English : Abiod Valley ) is a mountain pass in the Aurés massif , located in the Saharan Atlas in northeastern Algeria .
Podslivnica ( pronounced ( pɔtˈsliːu̯nitsa ) ) is a small village below the northern slopes of Mount Slivnica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kakiha ( Persian : كاكيها‎ , also Romanized as Kākīhā ; also known as Kākīel ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Solomons Temple Islands ( variants : Solomon 's Temple Islands ; Solomons Temple Island ) are an uninhabited Canadian arctic islands group located within the midsection of James Bay in Nunavut , Canada .
The Imeong Conservation Area is an area of roughly 1,250 sq m located in western Palau .
Lviv University ( Ukrainian : Львівський університет ) or officially the Ivan Franko National University of Lviv ( Ukrainian : Львівський національний університет імені Івана Франка ) is the oldest continuously operating university in Ukraine .
Bandhawan is a small village in the Bhojpur district of India .
Ambohimahasoa is a city in Madagascar , in the Haute Matsiatra region . The city lies in the southern parts of the Central Highlands , near the city of Fianarantsoa .
Champdeniers - Saint - Denis commune in the Deux - Sèvres department in the Poitou - Charentes region in western France .
Bagalgrom ( also known as Mumar ) is a village in the Bashgal Valley of Nuristan , Afghanistan .
Kondapalkala is a major panchayat village located in the district of Karimnagar , Telangana , India .
Rivière - aux - Saumons Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CTH7 ) , is a registered aerodrome located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) west of Rivière - aux - Saumons , Anticosti Island , Quebec , Canada .
Vissenbjerg is a town in central Denmark with a population of 3,118 ( 1 January 2014 ) , located in Assens municipality ( formerly Vissenbjerg municipality ) in Region of Southern Denmark on the island of Funen .
Gurlen or Gurlan ( Uzbek : Gurlen , Russian : Гурлен ) is a town and seat of Gurlen District in Xorazm Region in Uzbekistan .
Sultan Abdul Halim Highway or Lebuhraya Sultan Abdul Halim , Federal route is a broad and busy road link to Alor Star , Kedah , Malaysia via the North South Expressway from Kuala Lumpur and Penang .
Civitella Alfedena is a small town and comune in the province of L'Aquila ( Abruzzo , central Italy ) .
Hamningberg Chapel ( Norwegian : Hamningberg kapell ) is a chapel in Båtsfjord Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Subotiv ( Ukrainian : Суботів ) is a village ( selo ) in central Ukraine .
The 2012 Kufra conflict started in the aftermath of the Libyan civil war , and involved armed clashes between the Tobu and Zuwayya tribes in the Kufra area of Cyrenaica , Libya .
Kwong Wah Yit Poh is the oldest Chinese language newspaper in Malaysia and outside of Mainland China , Hong Kong and Taiwan , as well the world 's oldest surviving Chinese newspaper ( though Ta Kung Pao is the oldest active Chinese language newspaper in the world ) .
Jalan Serkam Pantai ( Malacca state routeM108 ) is a major roads in Malacca state , Malaysia
The Whangamarino Wetland in the Waikato Region is the second largest wetland complex of the North Island of New Zealand .
Adwa ( Amharic : ዓድዋ ? ; also spelled Adowa , Aduwa ) is a market town and separate woreda in northern Ethiopia .
Šmihel pri Žužemberku ( pronounced ( ʃmiˈxeːu̯ pɾi ˈʒuːʒɛmbɛɾku ) ) is a village on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Ecbatana ( /ɛkˈbætənə/ ; Old Persian : 𐏃𐎥𐎶𐎫𐎠𐎴 Haŋgmatāna , literally `` the place of gathering '' , Ancient Greek : Ἀγβάτανα in Aeschylus and Herodotus , elsewhere Ἐκβάτανα , Agámtanu by Nabonidos , and Agamatanu at Behistun ) was an ancient city in Media in western Iran .
Grahovo Brdo ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾaːxɔʋɔ ˈbəɾdɔ ) ; Italian : Gracovo di Tomadio ) is a small settlement east of Križ in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Qeblehi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قبله‌ای‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pouldergat ( Breton : Pouldregad ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Săveni is a small town located in Botoşani County in the Moldavia region in northeastern Romania .
Avandar ( Persian : اوندر‎ ) is a village in Takab Rural District , Kuhsorkh District , Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gorna Oryahovitsa ( Bulgarian : Горна Оряховица ) is a town in northern Bulgaria , situated in Veliko Tarnovo Province , not far from the city of Veliko Tarnovo .
Valdivia National Reserve is a natural reserve located in the Valdivian Coastal Range , in Los Ríos Region of Chile , near the port of Corral .
Whitehouse Beach adjoins an area of former salt marsh in Westmoreland , Jamaica .
Pepsi on Stage is a music venue in the city of Porto Alegre , Brazil .
Taro Island is a small island in the Solomon Islands with 507 inhabitants , capital of Choiseul Province and is located in Choiseul Bay off the northwest coast .
Putra Specialist Hospital is a private hospital in Batu Pahat , Malaysia .
Jatno ( ˈjatnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tunggal Hati Seminari ( THS ) is a style of pencak silat from Indonesia .
Zefyri ( Greek : Ζεφύρι ) is a suburban town and former municipality in West Attica , Greece .
Zeven ( ' t͡se : fən ) is a town in the district of Rotenburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Spearhead Glacier is the largest glacier on the Spearhead Range , located on the opposite , northeast side of that range from the resort town of Whistler , British Columbia , Canada , and is serviced in part by the lift system of the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort .
Earl of Camperdown , of Lundie in the County of Forfar and of Gleneagles in the County of Perth , was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .
Australia 's first prime minister Edmund Barton played cricket for Sydney University Cricket Club .
Skrzyptowo ( skʂɨpˈtɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mîndîc , also spelled Mândâc , is a commune in Drochia district , Moldova .
Gyeongnam International Foreign School ( GIFS ) is a privately funded international school located in Sacheon , South Korea .
The Teatro del Libertador General San Martín ( or more commonly , Teatro del Libertador or Teatro Libertador ) is the premier stage theatre , opera house and concert hall in Córdoba , Argentina .
Dam - e Bahayi ( Persian : دام بهايي‎ , also Romanized as Dām - e Bahāyī ) is a village in Raviz Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pubs in the United Kingdom bear the name of the Cheshire Cat : `` The Cheshire Cat '' is the name of two public houses in the county of Cheshire ; one near Stockport and another on the A41 just south of Chester .
Consolidated Media Holdings ( CMH ) was an Australia investment company focused on subscription television .
Gladesville Mental Hospital was a psychiatric hospital established in 1838 in the suburb of Gladesville , Sydney , Australia .
Qingyun County ( simplified Chinese : 庆云县 ; traditional Chinese : 慶雲縣 ; pinyin : Qìngyún Xiàn ) is a county of north - northwestShandong province , People 's Republic of China .
Sayhad is a desert region that corresponds with Northern Deserts of Modern Yemen ( Al - Jawf , Marib , Shabwah governorates ) and Southwestern Saudi Arabia ( Najran province ) .
The Congresshalle is a concert hall located in Saarbrücken , Germany , which was designed by German architect Dieter Oesterlen .
Naser Balivand ( Persian : ناصربليوند‎ , also Romanized as Nāṣer Balīvand ) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District , in the Central District of Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dominic College is a Catholic , co - educational , day school , located in Glenorchy , Tasmania , Australia .
Signy Abbey ( French : Abbaye de Signy , Abbaye Notre - Dame de Signy ; Latin : Signiacum ) was a Cistercian abbey located in Signy - l'Abbaye , Ardennes , France .
Vandse is a village in Kundapura taluk ( sub district ) of Udupi district , Karnataka state , India .
Umedalen skulpturpark is an art exhibition and a sculpture garden in Umeå in Sweden .
Lokossa is an arrondissement , commune , and the capital city of Mono Department in Benin .
Podyjí National Park ( Czech : Národní park Podyjí ) is a national park in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
The DBK Historic Railway is a preserved railway association in Crailsheim , Germany .
Patinoire des Vernets is an arena located in Geneva , Switzerland .
Hill Grange High School was a private school for boys and girls located on Pedder Road , Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Voss Airport , Bømoen ( Norwegian : Voss flyplass , Bømoen ) ( ICAO : ENBM ) is a general aviation airport located on the closed Bømoen Base in Voss , Norway .
An Phú is an urban municipality ( trấn thuộc huyện ) and capital town of the An Phú District of An Giang Province , Vietnam .
Kep District ( Khmer : កែប ) is a district ( Khan ) in the city of Kep , Cambodia .
Maroda ( मरोड़ा ) is a village located in the Pauri Garhwal district of Uttarakhand , India .
St Mary 's Mbeya Secondary School ( SMMSS ) is a school in Mbeya , Tanzania , located on the Tanzania - Zambia Highway .
The Municipality of Thessaloniki ( Greek : Δήμος Θεσσαλονίκης ) is the second largest municipality by population in Greece after the Municipality of Athens .
Starotitarovskaya ( Russian : Старотитаровская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Temryuksky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
The Campolmi Factory , the Prato textile museum and Lazzerini Library is a textile museum and library in Prato in Tuscany , Italy .
Copesa ( Consorcio Periodístico de Chile ) is one of the more important Chilean media conglomerate .
Klipkopjes Dam is an earth - fill type dam located on the White River , near the town of White River , Mpumalanga , South Africa .
Almyrida ( Greek : Αλμυρίδα ) is a resort located in the Apokoronas region of the northwest coast of the island of Crete , Greece .
Noyon Cathedral ( Cathédrale Notre - Dame de Noyon ) is a Roman Catholic church and former cathedral , located in Noyon , France .
Fort Lofti is a village and military base in the commune of Oum El Assel , in Tindouf Province , Algeria .
The Hoops Dome is an indoor arena in Lapu Lapu , Cebu , Philippines .
Alonei HaBashan ( Hebrew : אַלּוֹנֵי הַבָּשָׁן ) is an Israeli settlement , moshav shitufi , located in the central Golan Heights , under the administration of Israel .
The Friulian Front ( Front Furlan , Fronte Friulano , FF ) is a separatist political party active in Friuli , Italy .
Jitu ( Persian : جيتو‎ , also Romanized as Jītū and Jūtū ) is a village in Filestan Rural District , in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Protestant church of Grou or Saint Peter 's church is a religious building in Grou , Netherlands , one of the many medieval churches in Friesland .
Apnenik pri Boštanju ( pronounced ( apˈneːnik pɾi bɔˈʃtaːnju ) ; German : Kalchberg ) is a settlement to the west of Boštanj in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Kolonia Wola Zaradzyńska ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈvɔla zaraˈd͡zɨɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ksawerów , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Loreto Secondary School , Kilkenny is a Roman Catholic voluntary secondary school for girls in Kilkenny , Ireland .
Kareela is a suburb in southern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia 24 kilometres south of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of the Sutherland Shire .
Muktainagar ( formerly known as Edlabad ) is a small town situated ( ~21 ° 03''08''N 76 ° 03''18''E ) on National Highway 6 ( or Asian Highway 46 ) at the northern border of Maharashtra in India .
Shaikh Isa Causeway ( officially known as Shaikh Isa bin Salman Causeway , Arabic : جسر شيخ عيسى بن سلمان‎ ) is a causeway in the Kingdom of Bahrain connecting Busaiteen to the Diplomatic Area , near the Seef area .
Zelenograd was one of the most powerful centers of electronics , microelectronics and computer industry in the Soviet Union , and it still plays a similar role in modern Russia .
Noonmati ( Assamese : নুনমাটি ) is located in Guwahati , Assam ( in North East India ) .
Qatul ( Persian : قاطول‎ , also Romanized as Qāţūl ; also known as Qāţūn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Zurbatiyah is a city located in Wāsiţ , Iraq and is a busy port of entry from Iran .
Abubakar Umar Memorial Stadium is a multi - use stadium in Gombe , Gombe State , Nigeria .
Jurkiszki ( jurˈkiʂki ) ( German : Jörkischken , 1938 - 1945 Jarkental ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Kiama Blowhole is a blowhole in the town of Kiama , New South Wales , Australia .
Biskupiec ( bʲisˈkupʲɛt͡s ) ( German : Bischofsburg ( listen ) ) is a town in the Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship in Poland .
Palazzo Abatellis ( also known as Palazzo Patella ) is a palace in Palermo , Sicily , southern Italy , located in the Kalsa quarter .
The Makaroro River is a river of the southern Hawke 's Bay region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Farfa Abbey ( It . : Abbazia di Farfa ) is a territorial abbey in northern Lazio , central Italy .
Ti Rocher is a town on the island of Saint Lucia ; it is located at the northern end of the island towards its heart , near Four Roads Junction , Dubrassay , and Trois Pitons .
Puerto Busch is located in the province of Germán Busch , Santa Cruz Province , republic of Bolivia on the Paraguay River in eastern Bolivia .
Santa Caterina a Formiello is a church in Naples , in southern Italy , located at the extreme eastern end of the old historic center of the city , on Via Carbonara and Piazza de Nicola Enrico , near the gate called Porta Capuana .
Szuhogy is a village in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county , Hungary .
Quri Winchus ( Quechua quri gold , winchus hummingbird , `` gold hummingbird '' , hispanicized spellings Cori Vinchos , Cori - Vinchos , Corivinchos ) is an archaeological site with remains of circular buildings of the Wanka period in Peru .
The Bundesstraße 2 or B 2 is Germany 's longest federal highway , running some 1000 kilometres from the Polish border near Gartz to the Austrian border near Garmisch - Partenkirchen .
Dowghanan ( Persian : دوغ نان‎ , also Romanized as Dowghanān ; also known as Dowghanān - e Pā’īn and Dūghtān ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bassar is a town in Bassar Prefecture , Kara Region in Togo , situated west of Kara .
Kukava ( pronounced ( ˈkuːkaʋa ) ) is a settlement on the western edge of the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia .
Acacia Bay is a community on a small inlet on the western shores of Tapuaeharuru Bay , Lake Taupo in New Zealand .
Esfaqansar ( Persian : اسفقن سر‎ , also Romanized as Esfaqan Sar ; also known as Esqafansar ) is a village in Ziabar Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rudranath ( Sanskrit : रुद्रनाथ ) is a Hindu temple dedicated to god Shiva , located in the Garhwal Himalayan mountains in Uttarakhand , India .
The Ichari Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Tons River 13 km ( 8 mi ) north of Dakpathar in Uttarakhand , India .
Pathanamthitta ( പത്തനംതിട്ട ) is a town and a municipality situated in the Central Travancore region in the state of Kerala , south India , spread over an area of 23.50 km2 .
Sejny ( ˈsɛi̯nɨ ) ( Lithuanian : Seinai ) is a town in north - eastern Poland and the capital of Sejny County , in Podlaskie Voivodeship , close to the northern border with Lithuania and Belarus .
Chutash - e Yekshanbeh ( Persian : چوتاش يكشنبه‎ , also Romanized as Chūtāsh - e Yekshanbeh ) is a village in Jayedar Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gamu - Gofa was a province in the southern part of Ethiopia , named after two of the ethnic groups living within its boundaries , the Gamo and the Goffa .
The Australasian Society of Clinical Immunology and Allergy is a professional body of clinical immunologists , allergy specialists and immunology scientists in New Zealand and Australia that aims to `` advance the science and practice of clinical immunology and allergy , by promoting education and the highest standard of ethical medical practice . ''
Mala Kostrevnica ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla kɔˈstɾeːu̯nitsa ) ; German : Kleinkostreinitz ) is a settlement immediately southeast of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
Concepción Quezaltepeque is a municipality on the Department of Chalatenango department of El Salvador .
Benazir Bhutto Road , alternatively known as Murree Road ( Urdu : مری روڈ ) , is a major road that runs from Islamabad and Rawalpindi to Murree in Pakistan .
Mulshi is an administrative block(Tehsil ) in Pune district , which has its name after a small village in the heart of the Mulshi valley in India .
Hook River is a natural watercourse in the southern Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Vestmanna ( Danish : Vestmannahavn ) is a town in the Faroe Islands on the west of the island of Streymoy .
Naga Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Naga , Bikol : Palayogan nin Naga ) ( IATA : WNP , ICAO : RPUN ) is an airport serving the city and metropolitan area of Naga , located in the province of Camarines Sur in the Philippines .
Toteng is a village in the north west of Botswana , Ngamiland located at 20,22 'S 22,56'E. The town is reportedly the location of the oldest `` directly dated evidence of cattle in southern Africa '' .
Aquarium de La Rochelle is a family - owned public aquarium in La Rochelle , France .
Barylas ( Russian : Барылас ; Yakut : Барылас ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Barylassky Rural Okrug of Verkhoyansky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 502 kilometers ( 312 mi ) from Batagay , the administrative center of the district .
The Jeonju World Cup Stadium was constructed for the 2002 FIFA World Cup which was co - hosted by South Korea and Japan .
Essien Udim is one of the Annang speaking Local Government Areas in Akwa Ibom State , Nigeria .
The Botanischer Garten in Bad Langensalza is a botanical garden located at Kurpromenade 5b , Bad Langensalza , Thuringia , Germany .
PAF Base Lahore is a non - flying Pakistan Air Force ( PAF ) base located in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
Even its parent company in Rothenburg ob der Tauber is a tourist destination for many tourists from Japan and the USA and a visit to Käthe Wohlfahrt is often included as part of their Germany or European tours .
Wańtuchy ( vaɲˈtuxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Reuschberg ( Spessart ) is a hill in the Spessart range , located in the Landkreis Aschaffenburg , part of the Franconia region of Bavaria , Germany .
Jalan Tun Fuad Stephens or Kota Kinabalu Coastal Highway is a major highway in Kota Kinabalu city , Sabah , Malaysia .
Kandsar - e Shekar Kesh ( Persian : كند سر شكر كش‎ ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tierra de Campos ( `` Land of Fields '' ) is a large historical and natural region or greater comarca that straddles the provinces of León , Zamora , Valladolid and Palencia , in Castile and León , Spain .
North Watford is an area in the town of Watford , Hertfordshire , in the United Kingdom .
Banaruiyeh ( Persian : بنارويه‎ , also Romanized as Banārū’īyeh , Banarooyeh , Banārū''īyeh , Banārūyeh , and Bonārūyeh ; formerly , Fathābād ) is a city in and the capital of Banaruiyeh District , in Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Democratic Party of Republika Srpska ( Serbian : Демократска Странка Републике Српске , Demokratska Stranka Republike Srpske ) was a Serbian political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Yucatán Peninsula ( Spanish : Península de Yucatán ) , in southeastern Mexico , separates the Caribbean Sea from the Gulf of Mexico , with the northern coastline on the Yucatán Channel .
Gare de Saint - Pierre - des - Corps is a railway station serving the town Saint - Pierre - des - Corps and the Tours agglomeration , Indre - et - Loire department , western France .
Sant Amand or Puig de Sant Amand is a mountain of Catalonia , Spain .
Lake Péribonca is a lake in southeastern Quebec , Canada .
Colombo Public Library is the largest public library in Sri Lanka , located in Colombo 07 , Sri Lanka .
En Nahud is a town in the desert of central Sudan .
Toluca International Airport , officially named Licenciado Adolfo López Mateos International Airport ( IATA : TLC , ICAO : MMTO ) is an international airport located at Toluca , State of Mexico , Mexico .
Bastakabad ( Persian : بستك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Bastakābād ) is a village in Sumay - ye Shomali Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Sci - Fi - London Film Festival is one of the few locations in the United Kingdom to consistently screen All - Nighters -- movie marathons , which run throughout the night ( with the aid of ice - cream and caffeine drinks ) .
Nyons ( Occitan : Niom ) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France .
The Royal Naval Division Memorial is an outdoor war memorial located in the northwest corner of Horse Guards Parade in London , United Kingdom .
Kalabougou is a Bambara village on the left bank of the Niger River in the Ségou Region of Mali .
Błogowo ( bwɔˈɡɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Italia metro station is located in Catania in Sicily , southern Italy .
Dzierzkowice - Podwody ( d͡ʑɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ pɔdˈvɔdɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bromelton railway station was located on the NSW North Coast line in Queensland , Australia .
The Bürgenstock is a famous mountain in Switzerland ( 1,115 m above sea level ) located in the middle of Lake Lucerne .
As part of war reparations , which Germany had to pay because it lost World War II , the Bruhrain Railway between Graben - Neudorf and Germersheim was reduced to one track .
Barikeh ( Persian : باريكه‎ , also Romanized as Bārīkeh ; also known as Bārīkeh - ye Kālīāb ) is a village in Veysian Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq Amir Khanlu - ye Qarah Saqqal ( Persian : قشلاق اميرخانلوقره سقل‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq Amīr Khānlū - ye Qarah Saqqāl ) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District , Tazeh Kand District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Transfiguration Church in Kovalyovo ( Russian : Церковь Спаса на Ковалёве , Tserkov Spasa na Kovalyove ) in Novgorodsky District , Novgorod Oblast , Russia , was built around 1345 .
Lawson Health Research Institute is a large hospital - based research institute located in London , Canada .
The Gulf of Chania is an embayment of the Sea of Crete in the northwestern region of the island of Crete in present day Greece .
Manhartsberg is a low , flat - lying mountain ridge in Lower Austria .
The Qom Monorail is a planned 13.5-kilometre ( 8.4 mi ) monorail system in Qom , Iran .
Manor house in Podstolice ( Polish : Dwór w Podstolicach ) - historic manor house in Podstolice , in Września Country , in Greater Poland .
Debelets ( Bulgarian : Дебелец ) is a town in northern Bulgaria , part of Veliko Tarnovo Municipality , Veliko Tarnovo Province .
Schloss Muskau ( Muskau palace ) is a schloss in the Görlitz district in Saxony , Germany .
Marseille ( English pronunciation : /mɑːrˈseɪ/ ; French : ( maʁ.sɛj ) , locally : ( mɑχˈsɛjə ) ; Occitan : Marselha ( maʀˈsejɔ , maʀˈsijɔ ) ) , also known as Marseilles in English , is a city in France .
Daejeon Hanbat Sports Complex ( Korean : 대전한밭종합운동장 ) is a sports complex , comprising a multi - purpose stadium ( including athletic facilities and a soccer pitch ) , a ballpark , Basketball courts , tennis courts and various other sports facilities in Daejeon , South Korea .
Liyanagemulla is a town in Sri Lanka lying near the west coast to the south of the of Negombo .
Auckland Botanic Gardens is a 64-hectare botanical garden in Manurewa , South Auckland , New Zealand , owned by Auckland Council .
Baghdaniyeh ( Persian : بغدانيه‎ , also Romanized as Baghdānīyeh ; also known as Baghdānī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Darreh - ye Nabati ( Persian : دره نباتي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Nabātī ; also known as Darreh Tātī and Darreh - ye Tātī ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Turaida Castle ( Latvian : Turaidas pils , German : Treiden , Treyden , Russian : Турайдский замок ; meaning Thor 's garden in Livonian ) is a recently reconstructed medieval castle in Turaida , in the Vidzeme region of Latvia , on the opposite bank of the Gauja River from Sigulda .
The Toquepala mine is a large porphyry copper mine in the Tacna Province , Tacna Department , Peru .
Hammeren Hydroelectric Power Station ( Norwegian : Hammeren kraftstasjon ) is a hydroelectric power station located in Oslo , Norway .
The Calumpang River ( Filipino : Ilog Calumpang ) is a major river in eastern Batangas , Philippines .
Labunino ( Russian : Лабунино ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Rybinsky District of Yaroslavl Oblast , Russia .
Asana River ( Río Asana ) is a waterway in the Moquegua Region of southern Peru .
Jalan Hospital Serdang , Federal Route is an institutional facilities federal road in Selangor , Malaysia .
Marholm is a civil parish in the city of Peterborough , Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom .
Vrbina ( pronounced ( ʋəɾˈbiːna ) ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Goślub - Osada ( ˈɡɔɕlup ɔˈsada ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Woodside Barracks is an Australian Army base located near Inverbrackie and Woodside in South Australia .
As a result of its ownership of the Rostock Heath , Rostock is today one of the five largest communal woodland owners in Germany .
Ideato South is a Local Government Area of Imo State , Nigeria .
The Bnei Shimon Regional Council ( Hebrew : מועצה אזורית בני שמעון‎ , Mo'atza Azorit Bnei Shim'on ) , is a regional council in the northern Negev in the south of Israel .
Sadashivanagar is an upscale residential neighborhood in Bangalore , India .
Tarhan District ( Persian : بخش طرهان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Solaris Urbino 18 is a low - floor articulated version of the Solaris Urbino series buses designed for public transport , produced by the Polish company Solaris Bus & Coach from Bolechowo near Poznań in Poland .
Novomyrhorod ( Ukrainian : Новомиргород ) is a city in Kirovohrad Oblast ( region ) of central Ukraine , in the southern part of the Middle Dnieper area .
The A20 autoroute or L'Occitane is a highway through central France .
Mazraeh - ye Mohammad Ebrahim ( Persian : مزرعه محمدابراهيم‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḩammad Ebrāhīm ) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
As of 2001 India census , Kallakudi ( கல்லக்குடி ) had a population of 11,625 .
The district of Belconnen lies entirely within the bounds of the city of Canberra , the capital city of Australia .
The Harper River is a tributary of the Wilberforce River which itself flows into the Rakaia River in New Zealand 's Canterbury region .
Munda Headworks is a headworks on the River Swat in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Kostrevnica ( pronounced ( kɔˈstɾeːu̯nitsa ) ) is a settlement in the hills southwest of Izlake in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
The La Merced Market is a traditional public market located in the eastern edge of the historic center of Mexico City and is the largest retail traditional food market in the entire city .
The Deutsches Derby is a Group 1 flat horse race in Germany open to three - year - old thoroughbred colts and fillies .
Leontio ( Greek : Λεόντιο , before 1923 : Γουρζούμισα - Gourzoumisa ) is a mountain village and a former municipality in Achaea , West Greece , Greece .
Staje ( pronounced ( ˈstaːjɛ ) ) is a settlement west of Ig in central Slovenia .
Sunqu Urqu ( Quechua sunqu heart , urqu mountain , `` heart mountain '' , hispanicized spelling Soncco Orcco ) is a mountain in the Arequipa Region in the Andes of Peru , about 5,191.4 metres ( 17,032 ft ) high .
Donetsk State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre named after A. Solovyanenko was established in 1932 in Lugansk on the basis of fit - up theatre of Right - bank Ukraine .
Morgan v Prince Edward Island ( AG ) , ( 1976 ) 2 S.C.R. 349 is a leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on mobility rights , prior to the inclusion of these rights in section 6 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
Almaty University of Power Engineering and Telecommunications ( AIPET)(kaz.Алматы Энергетика және байланыс университеті ) is a technical engineering university in Almaty , Kazakhstan .
Boluk - e Gholam ( Persian : بلوك غلام‎ , also Romanized as Bolūk - e Gholām ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Pan de jamón appeared in the beginning of the 20th century and slowly became a tradition in the Christmas season in Venezuela and Madeira .
Maboko Island is a small island lying in the Winam Gulf of Lake Victoria , in Nyanza Province of western Kenya .
Naning is an area in modern - day Malacca , Malaysia and was founded in 1641 .
Ghost Mountain is the name given by US Army servicemen in 1942 to a mountain in the Owen Stanley Range in the South East of Papua New Guinea , also known locally as ' Suwemalla ' or more officially as ' Mt.
Gurdim ( Persian : گورديم‎ , also Romanized as Gūrdīm ; also known as Gordīm , Gūdīm , and Kūrdīm ) is a village in Kahir Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sana'a University ( Arabic : جامعة صنعــاء ) was established in 1970 as the first and the primary university in the Yemen Arab Republic ( North Yemen ) , now the Republic of Yemen ( see also Aden University ) .
The Sint - Maartenscollege ( abbreviated as , and informally SMC ) is a state secondary school in Maastricht , the Netherlands .
Capurro is a barrio ( neighbourhood or district ) of Montevideo , Uruguay , and part of the Capurro / Bella Vista composite barrio , with Artigas Boulevard separating the two .
Dunbrody Country House Hotel and Restaurant has been visited by U2 frontman Bono , President of Ireland Mary McAleese and BBC television personality and actor Graham Norton .
Grotki ( ˈɡrɔtki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Villa Chiericati ( also known as Villa Chiericati - Rigo ) is a villa at Vancimuglio in the Veneto , northern Italy .
Drimnagh ( Irish : Droimneach ) is a suburb of Dublin , Ireland , situated on the Southside of the county between Walkinstown , Crumlin and Inchicore , bordering the Grand Canal to the north and east .
The Pšata ( pronounced ( ˈpʃaːta ) ; in older sources also Pešata ) is a river of Slovenia .
The East Frisian Geest ( German : Ostfriesisch - Oldenburgische Geest ) is a natural region major unit group ( not quite synonymous with a `` major region of the third level '' ) in northwest Germany and northwestern Lower Saxony .
German submarine U-219 was a Type XB submarine of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The U - boat was laid down on 31 May 1941 at the Germaniawerft yard at Kiel as yard number 625 , launched on 6 October 1942 , and commissioned on 12 December 1942 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Walter Burghagen .
China Airlines ( CAL ) ( Chinese : 中華航空 ; pinyin : Zhōnghuá Hángkōng ) ( TWSE : 2610 ) is the flag carrier and largest airline of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) .
The Petita River is a river of the Pará state in north -- central Brazil .
The Balmer See is the southeastern embayment of the Achterwasser on the island of Usedom off Germany 's Baltic coast .
Kodow ( Persian : كدو‎ , also Romanized as Kādū ; also known as Kodo ) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Surami Pass ( ru : Сурамский перевал ) is a mountain pass in the Likhi Range of Georgia with an altitude of 949 metres ( 3,114 ft ) .
Balkh ( /bɑːlx/ ; Persian / Pashto : بلخ Balkh ; Bactrian : βαχλο , ẞaxlɔ ) was an ancient city and centre of Buddhism , Sufism and Zoroastrianism in what is now northern Afghanistan .
Rang Muhallah ( also spelled : Rang Mohallah)(Pashto : رنګ محله)is an administrative unit , known as Union council or Wards in Tehsil Babuzai , of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Smalltown DJs are the duo of Pete Emes and Mike Grimes - based in Calgary , AB , Canada .
Gaznaq ( Persian : گزنق‎ , also Romanized as Gazanq ) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Alberto Adriani Municipality ( Spanish pronunciation : ( alˈβerto aˈðɾjani ) ) is one of the 23 municipalities ( municipios ) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Mérida and , according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , the municipality has a population of 128,222 .
The High Country Rail Trail is a 35 kilometre , part - gravel part - sealed rail trail on the northern border of Victoria , Australia .
Namwala is a town and seat of Namwala District in Southern Province of Zambia .
Mount Vernon Camp , also known as the Gurkha Cantonment , is an establishment of the Singapore Police Force built to house the training and residential facilities of the Gurkha Contingent 's Gurkhas and their families .
Stara Sikorska Huta ( ˈstara ɕiˈkɔrska ˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vercelli Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Vercelli , Cattedrale di Sant'Eusebio ) is the principal church of the city of Vercelli in Piedmont , Italy , and the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Vercelli .
Théâtre Espace Go ( commonly known as Espace Go , French for `` Go Space '' ) is a theatre in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Villaguay Aerodrome ( IATA : none , ICAO : SAAU ) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) west - northwest of Villaguay , Entre Ríos , Argentina .
Stargard ( ˈstarɡart ) ( German : Stargard in Pommern ; Kashubian : Stôrgard ) is a city in northwestern Poland , with a population of 71,017 ( 2005 ) .
Snønuten is a mountain in the municipality of Suldal in Rogaland county , Norway .
MRK University is an educational institution in Afghanistan .
Oostburg is a town in the south - western Netherlands .
Tandil is the main city of the homonymous partido ( department ) , located in Argentina , in the southeast of Buenos Aires Province , just north - northwest of the Tandilia hills .
Sierra de Nava Alta or Sierra de la Nava Alta is a mountain range in the Valdejalón comarca , Aragon , Spain , located west of the A-121 road , between Fuendejalón and Ricla and east of Tierga and Mesones de Isuela .
Kolasib is a district as well as a district headquarters of Kolasib district in Mizoram , India .
Třebeň ( German : Trebendorf ) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
Modern Pydna is a small town and a former municipality in the northeastern part of Pieria regional unit , Greece .
Chavuma Falls is a small waterfall on the Zambezi River in northwestern Zambia close to the border with Angola and the town of Chavuma .
Mazraeh - ye Nematollah Rah Pima ( Persian : مزرعه نعمت اله راهپيما‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ne``matollah Rāh Pīmā ) is a village in Arad Rural District , Arad District , Gerash County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Yuxarı Oratag ( Armenian : Վերին Հորաթաղ , Verin Horatagh ) ( also Horatagh , Oratagverin , Ortagverin , Verin Horrat’agh and Verin Oratag ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Jalan Jaksa ( abbreviated as Jl . Jaksa ) is a short street approximately 400 meters long in Central Jakarta , Indonesia .
Thamshavn is a small port village in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Iranamadu Airport ( Tamil : இரணைமடு விமான நிலையம் , Sinhalese : ඉරණමඩුව ගුවන්තොටුපළ ) is an air force station and domestic airport in Iranamadu in northern Sri Lanka .
Lion 's Head Provincial Park is a nature reserve in Ontario , Canada , located near the town of Lion 's Head on Georgian Bay .
Dolnji Ajdovec ( pronounced ( ˈdoːlnji ˈaːi̯dɔʋəts ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Chahar Bot ( Persian : چهاربت‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Bot ; also known as Chahār Būt ) is a village in Oshnavieh - ye Jonubi Rural District , Nalus District , Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Ministry of Women and Vulnerable Populations of Peru is an organism of the Peruvian government dedicated to affairs related to women and vulnerable populations .
Wyndham College is a government senior secondary school located at Quakers Hill , New South Wales , Australia .
Lepsze ( ˈlɛpʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Lucera Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Lucera ; Basilica cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta di Lucera ; also popularly Santa Maria della Vittoria ) is the cathedral of Lucera , Apulia , Italy .
Synaspismos emerged initially as an electoral coalition at the late 1980s , with the pro - Soviet Communist Party of Greece ( KKE ) and the Greek Left , one of the successors of the eurocommunist KKE Interior , as its largest constituents .
Teodelina is a place situated in the General López Department of the Santa Fe Province , Argentina .
Dramitse ( or Dametsi ) is a town in the east part of Mongar District , Eastern Bhutan .
Stracin or Stratsin ( Macedonian : Страцин ) is a village in northeastern Republic of Macedonia , in the Kratovo Municipality .
The Palio di Legnano is a folk event generally held the last Sunday of May in the City Of Legnano , Italy , to recall the Battle of Legnano held on May 29 , 1176 by the Lombard League and the Holy Roman Empire of Frederick Barbarossa .
Mizen Head ( Irish : Carn Uí Néid ) , is located at the extremity of a peninsula in the district of Carbery in County Cork , Ireland .
Innaarsuit ( old spelling : Ivnârssuit ) ( IATA : IUI ) is an island settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Cinemateca do Museu de Arte Moderna is a film archive located in Brazil .
Zirjubi ( Persian : زيرجوبي‎ , also Romanized as Zīrjūbī ) is a village in Badr Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Nueva Ecija High School or N.E.H.S. is a National High School located on Burgos Avenue in Cabanatuan City , Nueva Ecija , Philippines .
Innisfail Aerodrome ( Big Bend Airport ) , ( TC LID : CEM4 ) , is located 3.9 nautical miles ( 7.2 km ; 4.5 mi ) northwest of Innisfail , Alberta , Canada .
The University of Turku ( in Finnish Turun yliopisto , in Swedish Åbo universitet , shortened in UTU ) , located in Turku in southwestern Finland ( EU ) , is the second largest university in the country as measured by student enrollment , after University of Helsinki .
Muhos railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Muhos in the Northern Ostrobothnia region in Finland on the Oulu--
Zagorica pri Čatežu ( pronounced ( zaɡɔˈɾiːtsa pɾi ˈtʃaːtɛʒu ) ) is a small settlement south of Čatež in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Istanbul Congress Center , shortly ICC , ( Turkish : İstanbul Kongre Merkezi ) is a convention center located at Harbiye neighborhood of Şişli district in Istanbul , Turkey .
Mijandi ( Persian : ميجندي‎ , also Romanized as Mījandī ; also known as Mejandeh and Mejandī ) is a village in Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Rudrón Valley ( Spanish : Valle del Rudrón ) is a valley of the province of Burgos , in the autonomous community of Castilla y León , Spain , that borders the autonomous community of Cantabria .
Dianguirdé is a rural commune and small town in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of western Mali .
Rasos de Peguera is a ski resort located near Berga , in Catalonia(Spain ) , currently out of service .
The Macquarie Marshes Nature Reserve is a protected natural wetland reserve that is located within the Macquarie Marshes , in the region along the lower Macquarie River in northwestern New South Wales , Australia .
Kortedala is a district , mainly residential ( apartment housing ) , in the north - eastern part of Gothenburg in western Sweden .
Taraska ( taˈraska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Haast Aerodrome , ( IATA : N / A , ICAO : NZHT ) is an aerodrome 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) north of Haast in New Zealand .
In 2008 , 63,356 Ayrshire cattle were registered in the United Kingdom .
The Upper Barrakka Gardens ( Maltese : Il - Barrakka ta ' Fuq ) are a public garden in Valletta , Malta .
Ihiala is a city in Nigeria , located in the south of the state Anambra , and has long served as the local administrative capital of the zone .
The Outram Branch was a branch line railway near Dunedin , Otago that operated from 1877 to 1953 and formed part of New Zealand 's national rail network .
Canucks Sports & Entertainment , previously known as Orca Bay Sports & Entertainment , is a sports and entertainment company in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada that owns and operates the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League team and their home arena , Rogers Arena .
Landing Zone Brace ( also known as LZ Brace ) is a former U.S. Army landing zone west of Kontum in the Central Highlands of Vietnam .
Plaintel ( Breton : Pleneventer , Gallo : Plentèr ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
While the style is believed to have originated in Tuscany , examples of Vin Santo can be found throughout Italy and is an authorised style of wine for several Denominazione di origine controllata ( DOCs ) and Indicazione geografica tipica ( IGTs ) .
Kelak - e Olya ( Persian : كلاك عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kelāk - e `` Olyā ; also known as Kelāk - e Bālā ) is a village in Owzrud Rural District , Baladeh District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 95 , in 35 families .
Khangkhui is a Tangkhul Naga village in the North - eastern part of Ukhrul district of Manipur , India .
Brusiek ( ˈbruɕek ) ( German Bruschiek ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszęcin , within Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Vyritsa ( Russian : Вырица ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Gatchinsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on the bank of the Oredezh River , southwest of the town of Gatchina .
The Tuve Church ( Swedish : Tuve kyrka ) is a medieval church in Gothenburg , western Sweden .
Wojnarowa ( vɔi̯naˈrɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pinhead Records distributes merchandising articles and CDs by Earth Crisis , No Fun at All , Agnostic Front and Millencolin in Argentina .
Dhrousha ( Greek : Δρούσια ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 10 km south of Polis Chrysochous .
Fatherland for All ( Patria Para Todos , PPT ) is a leftist political party in Venezuela .
Zaamar ( Mongolian : Заамар ) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia .
Wellsford is a town on the Northland Peninsula in the northern North Island of New Zealand .
Sulín ( Ukrainian : Сулин , Sulyn ) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
Əsgərbəyli ( also , Askerbeyli ) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Rusenski Lom ( Bulgarian : Русенски Лом ) is a river in northeastern Bulgaria , the last major right tributary of the Danube .
The Knarraros lighthouse ( Icelandic : Knarrarósviti ) is located on the south coast of Iceland .
Marcyporęba ( mart͡sɨpɔˈrɛmba ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica , within Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Parzyn ( ˈpaʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Garam - e Pain ( Persian : گرم پايين‎ , also Romanized as Gāram - e Pā’īn ; also known as Gāram ) is a village in Faryab Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ghayl Ba Wazir ( or Gjail Ba Wazir ) is a village in eastern Yemen .
Junčje ( pronounced ( ˈjuːntʃjɛ ) ) is a small settlement north of the village of Sveti Gregor in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Kissos ( Greek : Κισσός ) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Mouresi , in the eastern part of Magnesia , Greece .
The Silhouette ( founded circa 1930 or 1931 ) is a student newspaper at McMaster University , located in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Giác Lâm Pagoda ( Vietnamese : Chùa Giác Lâm ; chữ Hán : 覺林寺 , Giác Lâm tự ) is a historic Buddhist pagoda in Ho Chi Minh City , the largest city in Vietnam .
Cremorne railway station was an inner suburban station in Melbourne , Australia .
Yermekeyevo ( Russian : Ермекеево ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Yermekeyevsky District in Bashkortostan , Russia .
Tønsberg Fortress ( Tunsberg festning ) was a medieval fortress , located in Tønsberg , Norway which was defended by the fortress for over 300 years .
Tarija or San Bernardo de la Frontera de Tarixa is a city in southern Bolivia .
Erquy ( Breton : Erge - ar - Mor , Gallo : Erqi ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Duz Aghol ( Persian : دوزاغل‎ , also Romanized as Dūz Āghol and Dūz Āghel ; also known as Dooz Aghlī , Duzagal , and Dūz Āghlī ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Jonubi Rural District , Qarah Quyun District , Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fraserburg is a town in the Karoo region of South Africa 's Northern Cape province .
The Schunk Group is a company headquartered in Germany .
Vogue Towers is situated in Lahore , Pakistan on M. M. Alam Road .
Gorenja Vas pri Polici ( pronounced ( gɔˈɾeːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi pɔˈliːtsi ) ; Slovene : Gorenja vas pri Polici , German : Oberdorf ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Polica in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Nowy Strachocin ( ˈnɔvɨ straˈxɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ocean View Beach is a private beach located in Runaway Bay in St Ann , Jamaica .
Perak River ( Malay : Sungai Perak ; سوڠاي ڤيرق ) is the second longest river in Peninsular Malaysia after Pahang River in Pahang , Malaysia .
Westfield Riccarton , ( also known by its former name Riccarton Mall ) , is a large retail complex located in the Christchurch , New Zealand suburb of Riccarton .
The McPherson Playhouse , known as The Mac , is a theatre and concert hall in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
The 1976 Belgian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Zolder , near Heusden - Zolder in Belgium on May 16 , 1976 .
Thilas ( or tjilas , Djilas Tilas , etc . ) was an ancient title of nobility used in the Serer pre - colonial Kingdoms of Sine , Saloum and previously the Kingdom of Baol , which are all now part of modern - day Senegal .
Drawno ( ˈdravnɔ ) ( German : Neuwedell ; Kashubian : Nowi Wedel ) is a town in Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,425 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Žitomislić ( Serbian : Житомислић ) is а Serbian Orthodox monastery located near Mostar , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gowd - e Kalur ( Persian : گودكلور‎ , also Romanized as Gowd - e Kalūr ) is a village in Jangal Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Magway Region ( Magwe Region Burmese : မကွေးတိုင်းဒေသကြီး , pronounced : ( məɡwé táiɴ dèθa̰ dʑí ) , formerly Magway Division ) is an administrative division in central Myanmar .
Sakskøbing is a town with a population of 4,519 ( 1 January 2015 ) and a former municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Guldborgsund municipality in Region Sjælland on the northeast coast of the island of Lolland in south Denmark .
The Garraf Massif ( Catalan : Massís del Garraf , IPA : ( məˈsiz ðəɫ ɣəˈraf ) ) is a mountain range of the Catalan Coastal Range , Catalonia , Spain .
The Kampar railway station is a Malaysia train station located and named after the town of Kampar , Perak .
Bóbr Mały is a river of Poland , a short tributary of the Bóbr .
Luka nad Jihlavou ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈluka ˈnadjɪɦlavou̯ ) ) is a market town in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
The Worms Synagogue , also known as Rashi Shul , is an 11th - century synagogue located in Worms , Germany .
Gammel Kongevej ( literally `` Old King 's Road ) is the principal shopping street of Frederiksberg in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Anush Mahalleh - ye Jow Kandan ( Persian : انوش محله جوكندان‎ , also Romanized as Anūsh Maḩalleh - ye Jow Kandān ; also known as Alūsh Maḩalleh , Anūsh Maḩalleh , and Khvājeh Karī ) is a village in Saheli - ye Jokandan Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Federation of Green Youth and Students ( Vihreiden nuorten ja opiskelijoiden liitto ry ( ViNO ) in Finnish or De gröna unga och studerandenas förbund in Swedish ) is a political youth organization in Finland .
Bakoumba is a town in south eastern Gabon with a population of around 2,500 - 3000 people .
Ak Bolak is a village in Afghanistan , located at the east end of the Lataband Pass .
On 7 July 2010 it was announced that Chester Rows were being considered as an applicant for the new United Kingdom Tentative List for World Heritage status by the Department of Culture Media and Sport .
María Cristina Bridge ( Basque : Maria Kristina zubia , Spanish : Puente de María Cristina ) is a bridge over the Urumea river passing through the Basque city of San Sebastián ( Spain ) .
Playa de Santa Bárbara is a beach in the municipality of La Línea de la Concepción , in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain , located to the north of Gibraltar .
The Parkdale Deanery in the Anglican Diocese of Toronto is a group of seven Anglican Churches in downtown Toronto , Canada .
The African Banks are the uninhabited northernmost islands of the Amirantes group , of the Outer Islands of the Republic of Seychelles , in the western Indian Ocean .
Serdang Hospital is a government - funded multi - specialty hospital located in the district of Sepang in the state of Selangor , Malaysia .
Chukha District ( Dzongkhag : ཆུ་ཁ་རྫོང་ཁག་ ; Wylie : Chu - kha rdzong - khag ; also spelled `` Chhukha '' ) is one of the 20 dzongkhag ( districts ) comprising Bhutan .
Breitenau concentration camp was established in June 1933 in Germany .
Compas ( Haitian Creole : konpa ) , or kompa , is a modern méringue musical genre in Haiti with European and African roots .
The Manx runestones were made by the Norse population on the Isle of Man during the Viking Age , mostly in the 10th century .
Burrinjuck Dam is a major gated concrete - walled gravity dam with three spillways across the Murrumbidgee River located in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales , Australia .
Joseph Brant Hospital stands on part of the land bought for him by Upper Canada 's Lieutenant Governor , John Graves Simcoe .
The San Rafael Glacier is one of the major outlet glaciers of the Northern Patagonian Ice Field in southern Chile and is the tidewater glacier nearest the equator .
Sierra del Merendón is a mountain range extending on the eastern border of Guatemala and Honduras .
Frankston Park is a regional Australian rules football ground located in Frankston , Victoria , in Australia .
The Al - Muktafi Billah Shah Mosque ( Malay : Masjid Al - Muktafi Billah Shah or Masjid Ladang ) is the modern royal mosque of Terengganu , Malaysia .
The Angang Sewage Disposal Plant is a sewage treatment plant located in the city of Gyeongju , North Gyeongsang province , South Korea .
Masjed - e Qabaqi ( Persian : مسجدقباقي‎ , also Romanized as Masjed - e Qabāqī ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Surabaya Zoo ( Indonesian Kebon Binatang Surabaya or KBS ) , also known as Bonbin ( abbreviation of Kebon Binatang , Indonesian for `` zoo '' ) , is a 15-hectare ( 37-acre ) zoo located in the city of Surabaya in East Java , Indonesia .
Funky Elephant is an annual springtime music festival in Helsinki , Finland .
The United States Studies Centre is located at the University of Sydney , and aims to increase understanding of the United States in Australia .
The Sheila A. Egoff Children 's Literature Prize is awarded annually as the BC Book Prize for the best juvenile or young adult novel or work of non - fiction by a resident of British Columbia or the Yukon , Canada .
Ituni is a town in the interior of Guyana , at an altitude of 100 metres ( 331 feet ) .
Kalkfontein Dam is a rockfill type dam located on the Riet River , near Koffiefontein , Free State , South Africa .
Ramavandi - ye Sofla ( Persian : رماوندي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ramāvandī - ye Soflá ; also known as Ramāvand - e Soflá ) is a village in Suri Rural District , Suri District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
FK Rudar Pljevlja ( commonly known as FK Rudar or simply Rudar ) is a football club based in Pljevlja , Montenegro .
Črniče ( pronounced ( tʃəɾˈniːtʃɛ ) ; Italian : Cernizza Goriziana ) is a village in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Herenthout ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɦeːrəntɦʌu̯t ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Antwerp in Belgium .
Bason Botanic Gardens are located in Whanganui in the Manawatu District of New Zealand .
Council House 2 ( also known as CH2 ) , is an office building located at 240 Little Collins Street in the CBD of Melbourne , Australia .
The River Shannon ( Irish : Abha na Sionainne / an tSionainn / an tSionna ) is the longest river in Ireland at 360.5 km ( 224 miles ) .
Narva ( Russian : Нарва ) is the third largest city in Estonia .
To avoid possible confusion , the United Kingdom Antarctic Place - Names Committee ( UK - APC ) recommended Sheer Point for the feature described here .
Gielnia ( ˈɡʲɛlɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików , within Stalowa Wola County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Kahnuj ( Persian : كهنوج‎ , also Romanized as Kahnūj ) is a city in and the capital of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lake Nabugabo is a small freshwater lake in Uganda .
Kahriz Siyah Mansur ( Persian : كهريزسياه منصور‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz Sīyāh Mansūr and Kahrīz Sīāh Mansūr ; also known as Kahrīz and Nahrīz ) is a village in Ijrud - e Pain Rural District , Halab District , Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Juozapinė Hill is a hill located near Vilnius , formerly regarded as the highest point in Lithuania .
Wuxi County ( Chinese : 巫溪县 ; pinyin : Wūxī xiàn ) is a county of Chongqing Municipality , People 's Republic of China .
Amaroni ( Greek : Amaronoi ) is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro , in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
The Bolečica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Болечица ) is a short river in north - central Serbia , a 12 km - long right tributary to the Danube .
Velike Vodenice ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlikɛ ʋɔdɛˈniːtsɛ ) ; German : Großwodenitz ) is a settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia .
Sheshdeh ( Persian : ششده‎ , also Romanized as Shash Deh , Shesh Deh , and Shish Deh ) is a city in and the capital of Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District , in Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Futtsu Power Station ( 富津火力発電所 ) is the second largest gas - fired power station in the world , located in Futtsu , Japan .
Bustonqala ( Persian : بستان‌قلعه‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
İzmir Halkapınar Sport Hall ( Turkish : İzmir Halkapınar Spor Salonu ) is an indoor multi - purpose sport venue that is located in the Halkapınar neighborhood of İzmir , Turkey .
The LGV Picardie is a proposed high - speed railway line running between Paris and Calais , via Amiens , in France .
Niewstąp ( ˈɲefstɔmp ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Belfort Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Christophe de Belfort ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Belfort , and has been a national monument of France since 1930 .
Cırkənd is a village in the municipality of Bığır in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Chionata ( Greek : Χιονάτα ) is a village and a community in the southeastern part of the island of Cephalonia , Greece .
Chassin is a town in the Babonneau region of the Caribbean island of Saint Lucia .
Sard Khaneh - ye Nasim Alizadeh ( Persian : سرد خانه نسيم عليزاده‎ , also Romanized as Sard Khāneh - ye Nasīm ʿAlīzādeh ) is a village in Hasanlu Rural District , Mohammadyar District , Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Khajeh Mask ( Persian : خواجه مسک ‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Daugavpils District ( Latvian : Daugavpils rajons ) was an administrative division of Latvia , located in Latgale region , in the country 's south - east .
It has its source on the glacier Skeiðarárjökull , one of the southern arms of the Vatnajökull in the south of Iceland .
Velivar ( Albanian : Mali i Velivarit , Macedonian : Веливар , Velivar ) is a mountain peak found between the two Balkan countries of Albania and Macedonia .
The Ia Drang Valley is a valley located about 32 miles south west of Pleiku in the Central Highlands of Vietnam .
CSI College of Engineering ( CSICE ) , Nilgiris is a self - financing engineering college situated in the Ketti Valley of Tamil Nadu , India .
Mamuniyeh ( Persian : مامونيه‎ , also Romanized as Ma’mūnīyeh ) is a city in and the capital of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Strumica Fortress also known as the Czar 's Towers is a ruined fortress in eastern Macedonia .
In Canada , every federally regulated financial institution is required by law to have a Complaint Handling Process ( CHP ) , a document outlining the process that the financial institution makes available to consumers who wish to lodge a complaint .
Lincoln Sea is a body of water in the Arctic Ocean , stretching from Cape Columbia , Canada , in the west to Cape Morris Jesup , Greenland , in the east .
The University of Karachi ( Urdu : جامعۂ كراچى‎ ; or KU ) is a public research university located in the neighborhood of Gulshan - e - Iqbal of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Souk Ahras ( Berber : Suq Ahras or Tagast ; ancient name : Thagast ; Arabic : سوق أهراس‎ ) is a municipality in Algeria .
Daulatpur Safan is a Union Council of Qazi Ahmed Taluka , Shaheed Benazir Abad District , Sindh province , Benazirabad ( Old : Nawabshah ) , Pakistan .
Pyay District ( Burmese : ပြည်ခရိုင် ) is a district of the Bago Region in central Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Łobżenica ( wɔbʐɛˈɲit͡sa ) ( German : Lobsens ) is a town in Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poland , with 3,211 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
The Sepang International Circuit ( Malay : Litar Antarabangsa Sepang ) is a motorsport race track in Sepang , Selangor , Malaysia .
The Yakweakwioose First Nation or Yakweakwioose Band is a band government of the Sto : lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region at Sardis , near Chilliwack , British Columbia , Canada .
Michałowo - Kolonia ( mixaˈwɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Borjomi ( Georgian : ბორჯომი ) is a resort town in south - central Georgia with a population estimated at 14,445 .
The Głogów Głęboki - Przemysłowy mine ( Deep Głogów ) is a large mine in the west of Poland in Polkowice , Polkowice County , 350 km south - west of the capital , Warsaw .
Dolenjske Toplice ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnskɛ tɔˈpliːtsɛ ) ; German : Töplitz ) is a settlement near Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia and is the seat of the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice .
Minto Park is a park in downtown Ottawa , Canada .
Cestos is a settlement in Rivercess County in central Liberia .
Maku County ( Persian : شهرستان ماکو‎ ) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran .
Navas del Pinar is a village , smaller local authority or parish in the municipality of Hontoria del Pinar , situated southeast of the province of Burgos , and belongs to the Community of Castilla y León ( Spain ) .
Al - Busayrah ( Arabic : البصيرة‎ ) is a town in eastern Syria , administratively part of the Deir ez - Zor Governorate .
Kiun ( Persian : كيون‎ , also Romanized as Kīūn ; also known as Kīān ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Park Place Mall or Park Place Shopping Centre , is a shopping mall in Lethbridge , Alberta , Canada .
Zulfiqarabad ( Urdu : ذُوالفقارآباد‎ ) , is a proposed new city in Thatta District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Nevşehir Kapadokya Airport ( IATA : NAV , ICAO : LTAZ ) is an airport 30 km ( 19 mi ) from Nevşehir , Turkey , opened in 1998 .
The Gamilaroi Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve , part of the southern Brigalow Belt , that is located in the North West Slopes region of New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Leger ( The Research Intelligence Group ) is the largest Canadian - owned polling , research and strategic marketing firm with over 900 employees in Montreal , Quebec City , Toronto , Edmonton and Calgary in Canada , Philadelphia in the United States , as well as Zurich in Switzerland .
Jeoldu - san ( Korean : 절두산 , Hanja : 切頭山 ) ( lit . beheading mountain ) is a rocky promontory overlooking the Han River in the district of Mapo - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
Chahar Qaleh - ye Olya ( Persian : چهارقلعه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Qal``eh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 78 , in 14 families .
Invivo Wines is a winery based in New Zealand .
Ørland Church ( Norwegian : Ørland kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Ørland in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Electoral district of Mount Hawthorn was a Legislative Assembly electorate in the state of Western Australia .
Mission Pass is a historic mountain pass in the Bridge River - Lillooet Country of the Interior of British Columbia , Canada , around 20 km ( 12 mi ) west of Lillooet , towards the west end of Seton Lake .
Nayman is an urban - type settlement in Nookat District , Osh Region , southwestern Kyrgyzstan .
The name of the Wolgan Valley is derived from `` wolga '' , a local Australian Aboriginal language name for the climbing plant , Clematis aristata , found in coastal regions of the South - East states of Australia .
Šalčininkai District Municipality ( Lithuanian : Šalčininkų rajonas , Polish : Gmina rejonowa Soleczniki ) is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania .
Lansdowne House Airport , ( IATA : YLH , ICAO : CYLH ) , is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) southwest of the First Nations community of Neskantaga ( Lansdowne House ) , Ontario , Canada .
Englisberg is a village in the district of Seftigen in Canton Bern , Switzerland .
Polšeče ( pronounced ( pɔu̯ˈʃeːtʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Ravnik in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Friedrich - Ebert - Halle is an indoor arena located in Ludwigshafen , Germany , which can accommodate 2,250 guests .
Bolbar ( Persian : بلبر‎ ) is a village in Shalyar Rural District , Uraman District , Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
University of Arusha ( UoA ) is a chartered private Christian university based in Usa River , Tanzania .
Kandarodai ( Tamil : கந்தரோடை , Kadiramalai Tamil : கதிரமலை or Kandurugoda - literal Sinhala translation of Kadiramalai Sinhalese : කදුරුගොඩ ) a small hamlet and archaeological site of Chunnakam town is a suburb in Jaffna District , Sri Lanka .
Streda nad Bodrogom ( Hungarian : Bodrogszerdahely ) is a village in Slovakia near Trebišov in the Košice Region .
Agomani ( Pron : Agomani ) ( Assamese : আগমনী ) is a small town area of Dhubri district ( Assam ) India .
Do Khanvari ( Persian : دوخانواري‎ , also Romanized as Do Khānvārī ) is a village in Asara Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Since December 2004 , the Costa da Caparica has been designated as city within the urban hierarchy of Portugal .
Muonio ( previously called Muonionniska , Northern Sami : Muoná ) is a municipality of Finland .
Salim Beyg ( Persian : سليم بيگ‎ , also Romanized as Salīm Beyg ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kud Zuru ( Persian : كود زورو‎ , also Romanized as Kūd Zūrū ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mosolotshane is a village in Central District of Botswana .
Zagojiči ( pronounced ( zaɡɔˈjiːtʃi ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gorišnica in northeastern Slovenia .
The Tampere railway station is a functionalist building in Tampere , Finland , designed by Eero Seppälä and Otto Flodin , completed in 1936 .
Echedoros ( Greek : Εχέδωρος ) is a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit , Greece .
Poljane pri Štjaku ( pronounced ( pɔˈljaːnɛ pɾi ˈʃtjaːku ) ) is a small settlement southeast of Štjak in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Byrum 's raukar are a geological formation of a group of stacks ( Swedish : raukar ) on the western shore in the north of Öland , Sweden ( an island on the Kalmar Strait ) near the village of Byrum .
Barbara Hanley , the first woman ever elected mayor of a community in Canada , was born in Magnetawan in 1882 .
The Natural History Museum at the University of Oslo ( Norwegian : Naturhistorisk museum , NHM ) is Norway 's oldest and largest museum of natural history , situated in Oslo .
Qermezi Dash - e Anbar ( Persian : قرمزي داش انبار‎ , also Romanized as Qermezī Dāsh - e Anbār ; also known as Qermezdāsh and Qermezdāsh - e Chāldorān ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Trou au Natron is a volcano in the nation of Chad in Northern Africa .
Submarine 1922 submarine volcano was found in 1922 after a series of underwater earthquakes that started in 1912 , in the Sangihe Islands of Indonesia .
L'Avenue de Champagne ( The Champagne Avenue ) is a famous street located in Épernay , the ' Capital of champagne ' , in the Champagne - Ardenne Région of France .
Navas de San Juan is a Spanish village of the province of province of Jaén , Spain .
Karlshrue College is an English language school in Colombo , Sri Lanka , located at Karlshrue Place , Colombo .
The Rubenids ( Armenian : Ռուբինեաններ ) or Roupenids were an Armenian dynasty who dominated parts of Cilicia , and who established the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia .
Perumpoondi is a village located in the Ginee taluk Viluppuram district of Tamil Nadu , India , It is located 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) from Ginee and 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) from Tindivanam and a part of people in this village are called as Paniyammudu .
The Gerald Durrell Endemic Wildlife Sanctuary is an animal sanctuary founded in 1984 , in Western Mauritius .
Until 1 January 2007 , Helsinge was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Frederiksborg County on the north coast of the island of Zealand ( Sjælland ) in eastern Denmark .
Silsean ( Irish : Soillsean , meaning `` Place of Lights '' ) is a mountain in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Nəcafalı ( also , Nadzhafalylar and Nadzhafali ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hyderabad Junction railway station ( Urdu : حیدرآباد جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in the city of Hyderabad , Sindh province of Pakistan .
Floß is a municipality in the district of Neustadt ( Waldnaab ) in Bavaria in Germany , Europe .
Newfound Gap ( el . 5048 ft./1539 m. ) is a mountain pass located near the center of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park of the southern Appalachian Mountains in the United States of America .
Nordkjosbotn Church ( Norwegian : Nordkjosbotn kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county , Norway .
The Yermakovsky mine is one of the largest beryllium mines in Russia .
Guanacaste Waldorf School is a bilingual ( English / Spanish ) , international K-6 school in Canafistula , Costa Rica .
Albuquerque tile factory is a tile factory located currently at Hoige Bazaar , Bolar , Mangalore , Karnataka , India .
Ağtəpə ( also , Agtepe ) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Winterveld is a large town in the Gauteng province of South Africa .
Monipur High School & College বাংলায়ঃ মনিপুর উচ্চবিদ্যালয় ও কলেজ is a secondary school & college located in Mirpur , Dhaka , Bangladesh .
The Hume Highway , inclusive of the sections now known as the Hume Freeway and Hume Motorway , is one of Australia 's major inter - city highways , running for 807 kilometres ( 501 mi ) between Melbourne and Sydney .
The Museum of Tropical Queensland ( abbreviated MTQ ) is a museum of natural history , archaeology and history located in Townsville , Queensland , Australia .
Verrès Castle ( Italian : Castello di Verrès , French : Château de Verrès ) is a fortified 14th - century castle in Verrès , in the lower Aosta Valley , in north - western Italy .
Wytyczno ( vɨˈtɨt͡ʂnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Zargar - e Olya ( Persian : زرگرعليا‎ , also Romanized as Zargar - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 16 , in 5 families .
Golubie Wężewskie ( ɡɔˈlubjɛ vɛ̃ˈʐɛfskʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Gollubien , Gollubien ; from 1934 - 45 Friedberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowale Oleckie , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Naulakha Bazaar ( Punjabi , Urdu : نولکھا بازار‎ ) is Bazaar ( market ) located in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
Dieren ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈdiːrə(n ) ) ) is a town in the eastern Netherlands .
Shib Ju ( Persian : شيب جو‎ , also Romanized as Shīb Jū ) is a village in Ashar Rural District , Ashar District , Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mariahout is a small village located in the province of North Brabant in the south of the Netherlands , about 20 kilometers northeast of Eindhoven .
Nadwiślanka ( nadviˈɕlaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Agua Buena Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Agua Buena , ICAO : SCKO ) is a public use airport located 16 kilometres ( 10 mi ) east - southeast of Collipulli , La Araucanía , Chile .
Dunakiliti is a village of about 2000 people in the Győr - Moson - Sopron county of Hungary .
Malijan - e Bala ( Persian : مليجان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Malījān - e Bālā ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Tonsley railway line is a suburban commuter line in Adelaide , South Australia that stems off the Seaford line to end in Mitchell Park opposite Science Park and close to the Flinders University and the Flinders Medical Centre .
Khon Kaen Sugar ( KSL ) is a sugar - manufacturing company based in Thailand .
Dutchflyer is the name given in the UK to an integrated passenger service between the United Kingdom and the Netherlands .
The Kobine festival is celebrated by the chiefs and peoples of Akropong in the Eastern region of Ghana .
Tirsuli is a Himalayan mountain peak in the Pithoragarh district of Kumaon Uttarakhand , India .
Sytykhiv ( Ukrainian : Ситихів ; Polish : Sieciechów ) is a village in the Zhovkivskyi Raion ( district ) of Lviv Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
The Chelkou Game Reserve is a game reserve established in 1939 in South Sudan .
Baybay Elementary School is a public school in Barangay Baybay , Tangalan , Aklan , Philippines .
Coiba separated from continental Panama about 12,000 to 18,000 years ago when sea levels rose .
Whiteswan Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located in the Kootenay Ranges of the Rocky Mountains , 22 km east of Canal Flats .
Džini Beg ( Albanian : Tërepeznica ; Macedonian : Џини Бег ) is a peak in the Šar Mountains found on the boundary between Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia .
Niedośpielin ( ɲɛdɔɕˈpjɛlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sakunothayan Arboretum ( Thai : สวนรุกขชาติสกุโณทยาน ) is an arboretum in Wang Thong district , Phitsanulok Province , northern Thailand .
Brezovica pri Črmošnjicah ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa pɾi tʃəɾmɔˈʃnjiːtsax ) ; formerly Brezje ; German : Wrezen , Wretzen , Gottscheerish : Brezə ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
In 1882 , after a lengthy general strike , La Boca seceded from Argentina , and the rebels raised the Genoese flag , which was immediately torn down personally by then President Julio Argentino Roca .
Moscow State Linguistic University ( Russian : Московский государственный лингвистический университет , МГЛУ ) , previously known as Maurice Thorez Moscow State Pedagogical Institute of Foreign Languages ( Russian : Московский государственный педагогический институт иностранных языков имени Мориса Тореза , МГПИИЯ им. Мориса Тореза and still often referred to as InYaz ) is a university in Moscow , Russia .
Gerami ( Persian : گرامي‎ , also Romanized as Gerāmī ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Highlight Towers is a twin tower office skyscraper complex completed in 2004 in Munich , Germany .
Petite - Rivière - Saint - François is a municipality in Quebec , Canada , along the Saint Lawrence River .
Nederlands met Gebaren ( NmG ) , or Signed Dutch , is a manually coded form of Dutch , using the signs of Dutch Sign Language , that is used for pedagogical purposes in the Netherlands .
South Rhodes ( Greek : Νότια Ρόδος - Nótia Ródos ) is a former municipality on the island of Rhodes , in the Dodecanese , Greece .
Alaba Kulito ( also known as Kulito or Kuliito ) is a town in southern Ethiopia .
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna , Alberta , Canada .
The Taita Hills , sometimes also spelled as Teita Hills , are a precambrian mountain range located in the Taita - Taveta County in the south - eastern Kenya .
The Tour de Nesle Affair was a scandal amongst the French royal family in 1314 , during which the three daughters - in - law of King Philip IV of France were accused of adultery , the accusations apparently started by Philip 's only daughter , Isabella , Queen of England .
Phu Pha Man National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติภูผาม่าน ) is a national park in Thailand 's Khon Kaen and Loei provinces .
Skrońsko ( ˈskrɔɲskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Yekmaleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : يكماله سفلي‎ , also romanized as Yekmāleh - ye Soflá ; also known as Yekmāleh and Yekmāleh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Tudor Museum ( French : Musée Tudor ) , also known as Rosport Castle ( French : Château de Rosport , Luxembourgish : Schlass vu Rouspert ) , is located in the little town of Rosport ( Luxembourgish : Rouspert ) in north - eastern Luxembourg .
No . 18 Radar Station RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) radar station formed at Richmond , New South Wales , Australia on 1 April 1942 .
Kostoľany nad Hornádom is a village and municipality of Košice - okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia , about 10 km north of the city of Košice .
Stare Uściany ( ˈstarɛ uɕˈt͡ɕanɨ ) ( German : Alt Uszanny ; 1905 - 1945 : Grünheide ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kazaly ( Kazakh : Қазалы ; Russian : Казалинск or Kazalinsk ) is a town in Kazaly District of Kyzylorda Region in Kazakhstan , located on the right bank of the Syr Darya River .
Aruküla manor is a manor house in Aruküla , Raasiku Parish in northern - central Estonia .
Anomabu , also spelled Anomabo and formerly as Annamaboe , is a town on the coast of the Mfantsiman Municipal District of the Central Region of Ghana .
The ancient peoples of this part of Italy where Pieve Vergonte rises , were known by the Romans under the name of Galli , and was by them called Gaul the region on this side of the Alps , which was later divided into Cispadana and Traspadana .
Akhamb Island is a small island in Vanuatu , just off the southcoast of Malakula .
Śniardwy ( German : der Spirdingsee ) is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of the Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland .
Vildmarksvägen ( English : Wilderness road ) , sometimes called Stekenjokkvägen by people living in Stekenjokk , which crosses the Vildmarksvägen , is a tourist road stretching from northern Jämtland to southern Lapland , Sweden .
Apolda ( ) is a town in central Thuringia , Germany , the capital of the Weimarer Land district .
Štajngrob ( pronounced ( ˈʃtaːi̯nɡɾɔp ) ; in older sources also Steingrab ) is a small settlement west of Šentjanž in the Municipality of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
Ostrozub ( Serbian Cyrillic : Острозуб ) is a mountain in southern Serbia , near the town of Crna Trava .
Kochi Haruno Athletic Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Haruno , Kōchi , Japan .
Lorengau is the major town in Manus Province , Papua New Guinea .
Oliveira de Azeméis ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( oliˈvejɾɐ ði ɐzɨˈmɛjʃ ) or ( oliˈvɐjɾɐ ði ɐzɨˈmɐjʃ ) ) is a city and a municipality located in Porto Metropolitan Area in Portugal .
Trillium Health Partners is Canada 's largest community - based , academically affiliated hospital , and has the largest Emergency department in Canada .
The Schomberg Fair is an agricultural fair held every year in Schomberg , Ontario , Canada since 1850 .
Mohawk Island is a small ( 4 hectares ) island in Lake Erie , in the province of Ontario , Canada .
The Param Vir Chakra ( PVC ) is India 's highest military decoration awarded for the highest degree of valour or self - sacrifice in the presence of the enemy .
PESEL ( Polish Powszechny Elektroniczny System Ewidencji Ludności , Universal Electronic System for Registration of the Population ) is the national identification number used in Poland since 1979 .
Causeway Point ( Chinese : 长堤坊 ) , is the seventh largest suburban shopping mall in Singapore , located in the town centre of Woodlands , a town in the north of Singapore .
Dreamflight ( or `` Droomvlucht '' in Dutch ) is a dark ride in Efteling amusement park in the Netherlands .
Romans - sur - Isère ( ( ʁɔ.mɑ̃.syʁ.i.zɛːʁ ) ; Occitan : Rumans d'Isèra;Old Occitan : Romans ) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France .
Tugela Falls is a complex of seasonal waterfalls located in the Drakensberg ( Dragon 's Mountains ) of Royal Natal National Park in KwaZulu - Natal Province , Republic of South Africa .
Sar Daraq ( Persian : سردرق‎ ) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Yokadouma is a town in south eastern Cameroon , lying near the border with the Central African Republic .
Bazneshin - e Sofla ( Persian : بازنشين سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bāzneshīn - e Soflá ; also known as Bāzneshīn - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Italian House ( also known as the Italian Kamienica , Montelupi House or Montelupi Kamienica , Polish : Dom Włoski w Krakowie , Włoska Kamienica , Kamienica Montelupich ) is a kamienica building in Main Square , Kraków , Poland .
H-3 Air Base ( code - named 202C , 202D ) is part of a cluster of former Iraqi Air Force bases in the Al - Anbar Governorate of Iraq .
The Piazza dei Miracoli ( Italian : Square of Miracles ) , formally known as Piazza del Duomo ( Italian : Cathedral Square ) , is a walled 8.87-hectare area located in Pisa , Tuscany , Italy , recognized as an important center of European medieval art and one of the finest architectural complexes in the world .
Carbis Bay railway station is situated on the St Ives Bay Line in Cornwall , United Kingdom and serves village and beach of Carbis Bay , a community that only adopted this name after the arrival of the railway in 1877 .
Kumaran Nagar ( Tamil : குமரன் நகர் ) , is a developed residential area in North Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India
Portici ( ˈpɔrtitʃi ) ( Neapolitan : Puortece ) is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Naples in Italy .
Hareoen Island is an uninhabited island of Baffin Bay , Greenland .
The Oberoi Trident Towers is a 25 storey building in Nariman Point , Mumbai , India .
The Palacio Liévano or Lievano Palace Is a building located on the west side of the Plaza de Bolivar in Bogotá , Colombia in the cultural and historical hub of the city .
Kafin Madaki is the headquarters of Ganjuwa Local Government Area of Bauchi State , Nigeria .
Dolná Lehota ( earlier Dolná Lehôtka ) is a village and municipality in Brezno District , in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia .
Delvinë ( Albanian : Delvinë or Delvina , Greek : Δέλβινο , Delvino ) is a town and a municipality in Vlorë County , southern Albania , northeast of Saranda .
Włodzimierz Sokorski ( 2 July 1908 , Oleksandrivsk -- 2 May 1999 , Warsaw ) was a Polish communist official , writer , military journalist and eventually a Brigadier General in the Soviet - dominated People 's Republic of Poland .
Marcin Jędrzejewski ( born April 10 , 1987 in Tuchola , Poland ) is a Polish speedway rider and has ridden for the Polish national junior team .
Born in Cornățelu , Dâmboviţa County , Romania , Ilie Savu began his career at 14 years of age , playing as a striker and as a goalkeeper .
Sylvain Meslien ( born August 7 , 1980 in Bondy , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a French professional football player , who currently plays in the Championnat de France amateur 2 for FC Saint - Louis Neuweg .
Yıldız Tilbe ( born 16 July 1966 ) is a Turkish pop folk singer of Kurdish and Zaza descent , and one of the best selling musical artists in Turkey , known especially for her eastern - infused ballads .
Ghirmai Ghebremariam is the current ambassador of Eritrea to the United States and Canada .
Harry M. Kuitert ( born November 11 , 1924 in Drachten ) is a significant theologian of the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands ( GKN ) .
Federico Andahazi was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , at Congreso , a very central neighborhood of the city .
Nikola Srdić ( born 1952 in Belgrade , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian clarinetist and Professor of Clarinet at the University of Novi Sad Academy of Arts , Serbia and University of Banja Luka Academy of Arts , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Laila Dalseth ( born 6 November 1940 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz singer , married ( 1963 - 2012 ) to the jazz saxophonist Theodor `` Totti '' Bergh ( 1935 - 2012 ) , known for numerous recordings and international cooperation and regarded as one of the leading Norwegian Jazz singers .
Anna & Kristina 's Beauty Call is a Canadian television series that airs on the W Network in Canada .
The Dragon Pearl is the ﬁrst treaty co - production between Australia and China .
Rendez - vous en terre inconnue ( formerly En terre inconnue ) is a French television program broadcast first on France 5 and then on the France 2 network .
Rooms - Katholiek Kerkgenootschap ( abbr . RKK : English : Roman Catholic Church Association ) is a special broadcaster on the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system , which is allowed to broadcast on radio and television because of their religious background .
Örebro IK was an ice hockey team from Örebro , Sweden that was founded in 1972 .
Volumia ! was a band from Heerlen , Netherlands .
It is produced by the Alfredo Campari Group , a multi - national company based in Italy .
Kuch Kuch Hota Hai ( English : Something Happens ) also known as KKHH , is an Indian Hindi coming - of - age romantic comedy drama film , released in India and the United Kingdom on 16 October 1998 .
Camp Mulla is an alternative hip hop group originating from and based in Nairobi , Kenya .
Satyricon is also regarded as useful evidence for the reconstruction of how lower classes lived during the early Roman Empire .
Phitti is a type of leavened bread baked by Hunzakut People of Hunza , Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
Morgan Barbançon Mestre ( born 12 August 1992 in Paris , France ) is a Spanish Olympic dressage rider .
Take Care , Your Highness ! is a 1985 Hong Kong historical period drama television series produced by TVB and starring Andy Lau in the title role of Kin - lung Emperor , the sixth emperor of the Qing Dynasty .
Noisia , stylized as NOISIΛ ( ' VISION ' rotated 180 ° ) , is a Dutch electronic music trio consisting of members Nik Roos , Martijn van Sonderen and Thijs de Vlieger from Groningen , Netherlands .
Marrying the Mafia ( Hangul : 가문의 영광 ; RR : Gamuneui yeonggwang ) is a 2002 South Korea film released on September 13 , 2002 .
Fantasm Comes Again is a 1977 soft core pornographic film from Australia .
Swordsman II , also known as The Legend of the Swordsman , is a 1992 Hong Kong wuxia film very loosely adapted from Louis Cha 's novel The Smiling , Proud Wanderer .
Where the Truth Lies premiered at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival and was shown at the Karlovy Vary Film Festival , the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival , the Woodstock Film Festival , and Festival do Rio in Brazil , before going into theatrical release in Canada on 7 October 2005 and the United States the following week .
Choripán ( plural : choripanes ) is a type of sandwich with chorizo popular in Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Guatemala , Peru , Puerto Rico , Uruguay and Venezuela .
Rent - a - Goalie is a half - hour comedy television series from Canada that aired on Showcase from 2006 to 2008 .
Zoo Family is an Australian children 's television series on the Nine Network Australia that first screened in 1985 .
Carmen on Ice is a 1990 dance film with a choreography for figure skaters made in Germany .
The White Game ( Swedish : Den vita sporten ) is a 1968 Swedish documentary film about the protests against the 1968 Davis Cup tennis match between Sweden and Rhodesia , in Båstad , Sweden .
Ah Ying ( 半邊人 ) is a 1983 Hong Kong film directed by Allen Fong .
One such restaurant is `` El Jardi Del Tastets '' in Palamos , Spain .
`` Alla andra får varann '' ( All the others get each other ) is a song by Swedish singer Siw Malmkvist , that represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 1960 , performed in Swedish .
Chitranna ( Kannada : ಚಿತ್ರಾನ್ನ ) is a rice - based dish widely prepared in homes in South India .
IFC Canada announced that Single White Spenny had been cancelled due to poor ratings and its inability to capture Kenny vs. Spenny audiences .
Molson Canadian Rocks for Toronto was a benefit rock concert that was held in Toronto , Ontario , Canada on July 30 , 2003 .
Un passo dal cielo is an Italian television series , aired in Italy on Rai 1 and Rai HD , starring Terence Hill and Enrico Ianniello .
Since 2001 , Kore & Skalp have been at Sony Music France .
Kool Ka Lang ( English : Be Cool ) is a mixed action and situational comedy television show in the Philippines .
Birnenhonig ( German : lit . pear honey ) is a syrup made from pears in central Switzerland .
The Grocer 's Son ( released in France as Le Fils de l'épicier ) is a dramatic film set in Provence , France , directed by experienced French documentarian Éric Guirado .
The group dissolved soon afterward , but the new millennium has seen several reunions of Nationalteatern , touring all over Sweden , even after Totta Näslund died in 2005 .
Bammy or bami is a traditional Jamaican cassava flatbread descended from the simple flatbread eaten by the Arawaks , Jamaica 's original inhabitants .
Agnolotti ( aɲoˈlɔtti ) is a type of pasta typical of the Piedmont region of Italy , made with small pieces of flattened pasta dough , folded over filling of roasted meat or vegetables .
Scene South East was a regional television news magazine programme produced by Southern Television , covering the south east of England .
Oscypek , Oszczypek ( Polish ; plural : oscypki ) is a smoked cheese made of salted sheep milk exclusively in the Tatra Mountains region of Poland .
Langhorns is an instrumental surf music band from Lund , Sweden .
Pitina is an Italian cold cut ( salume ) with origin in the mountain valleys of Tramonti di Sopra and River Cellina of the province of Pordenone in northeastern Italy .
Pesek Zman ( Hebrew : פסק זמן , `` Time Out '' ) is an Israeli brand of chocolate snacks , manufactured by Strauss Group 's Strauss Israel company under its Elite ( Hebrew : עלית ) confectionery brand .
So Gay TV mixed panel discussions and interviews with documentary and feature reports on lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender issues and life in Canada .
Karle Pyaar Karle released on 1000 screens across India .
Fair Go is a New Zealand consumer affairs television programme hosted by Gordon Harcourt and Pippa Wetzell .
Solido is a French manufacturer of die - cast model cars and trucks based in Oulins , Anet , France , about 40 miles west of Paris .
Kippur premiered in theaters nationwide in Israel on October 5 , 2000 .
Sound of Torture is a 2013 documentary film written and directed by Israeli filmmaker Keren Shayo which follows Eritrean radio host and human rights activist Meron Estefanos as she reports on Eritrean refugees who have been captured in Sudan while migrating across the Sinai Peninsula into Israel .
Intrepid Journeys is a New Zealand television series , which screens on TV ONE in New Zealand and on Vibrant TV Network in the United States .
Rocket Monkeys is a Canadian animated television series that was created by Dan Abdo and Jason Patterson and premiered on Teletoon in Canada on January 10 , 2013 .
Captain of Destiny ( Chinese : 張保仔 ; Jyutping : Zoeng1 Bou2 Zai2 ; literally `` Cheung Po Tsai '' ) is a 2015 Hong Kong historical fiction sci - fi television drama created and produced by TVB .
A Gang Story ( French : Les Lyonnais ) is a 2011 France drama film directed by Olivier Marchal .
Einsatz in 4 Wänden is a home renovation show broadcast in Germany on RTL since 2003 and presented by Tine Wittler .
CP24 Breakfast is a Canadian morning television news show that airs on CP24 ( the 24-hour local television news service based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) the show airs weekdays from 5:30 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. and from 7:00 a.m. - 10:15 a.m. on Saturdays and 7:00 a.m. - 10:30 a.m. on Sundays .
Mummy Punjabi is a New Age Mother India , with today 's grandeur , intensity , humour & emotions .
Mimolette is a cheese traditionally produced around the city of Lille , France .
Tecula mecula ( Spanish : Técula mécula ) is a dessert traditional to the Extremadura region of western Spain .
Allah Ke Banday tells the tale of two 12-year - old boys ( Vijay and Yakub ) who grow up in the slums of India .
Pähkähullu Suomi ( Insane Finland ) is a 1967 comedy by Spede Pasanen .
Desh Dekhi Bidesh ( Nepali:देश देखि बीदेश ) , shortened as DDB is a movie made in Nepal which was released in 2008 .
Drohkaal ( English : Times of Treason ) is a 1994 Indian crime drama film directed and produced by Govind Nihalani which deals with India 's fight against terrorism .
Forgotten Silver ( 1995 ) is a New Zealand mockumentary film that purports to tell the story of a pioneering New Zealand filmmaker .
Valletta Living History is a 35 minute audiovisual show depicting the history , culture and lifestyle of Malta and the Maltese .
Arc International was established in 1825 in the village of Arques in northern France by Alexander des Lyons de Noircarm , who began production by manufacturing glass storage containers known as `` dame - jeanne '' ( demijohns in English ) , which were popular at that time .
A War Diary ( Chinese : 战争日记 ) was a Singapore English television series produced by Dream Forest Productions in 2001 .
Stickin ' Around is a Canadian animated children 's television series from Nelvana , which originally aired on YTV in Canada and on ABC in Australia .
Teen Bata Teen ( or 3 Bata 3 ) ( Urdu : تین بٹا تین‎ Lit : Three divided by Three ) was a 1995 Pakistani comedy - drama sitcom which was written by Adeel Hashmi and directed by Faisal Qureshi It was aired on Pakistan Television Corporation ( PTV One , now PTV Home ) .
Stoemp is the richer Brussels variant of the stamppot dish in the cuisine of Belgium and the Netherlands .
Ronaldinho Gaucho 's Team is the first animated series for TV produced by the Italian studio GIG Italy Entertainment , with the co - production of MSP - Mauricio de Sousa Produções , which publishes in Brazil the Ronaldinho Gaucho comic strip based on the fictionalised version of Ronaldinho as a child .
Mano Ya Na Mano ( English : Believe It or Not , Hindi : मानो या ना मानो ) is a reality show based on real incidents took place in various places in India .
Eurosong - A MAD Show is the national final in search for Greece 's song and artist for the Eurovision Song Contest .
Naan qalia is a dish that originates from Aurangabad in India .
Wagon Wheels are a snack food sold in Australia , Canada , Ireland , the Isle of Man , Malta , Russia , Dominican Republic , The Middle East and the United Kingdom .
Shigaku zasshi ( 史学雑誌 , literally , Journal of Historical Science ) is the oldest academic journal of history in Japan .
Burning Heart Records is an independent record label formed in 1993 and based in Örebro , Sweden .
Groupement des Cartes Bancaires CB ( `` CB Bank card Group '' ) , also known as simply CB , is France 's national interbank network , with over 46,000 ATMs and over 1 million EFTPOS acceptance points .
In Pit Lane is an Australian motor sports television show produced in conjunction with RMITV currently broadcasting on C31 Melbourne in Melbourne , Australia with the support of Dynotech - Dyno Dynamics .
Sickoakes is an eight - piece postrock instrumental group based in Stockholm , Sweden .
The Second Circle ( Russian : Круг второй ) is a 1990 Soviet Union drama film directed by Aleksandr Sokurov that tells the story of a young man who tries to deal with his father 's death and the difficulties of his burial in a worldly society .
Rasam is prepared mainly with black pepper and tamarind or tomato , both ingredients abundant in South India .
Flight of the Ibis and then released in the US as Crackdown is a 1996 Trinidad and Tobago film .
An Afghan biscuit is a traditional New Zealand biscuit made from flour , butter , cornflakes , sugar and cocoa powder , topped with chocolate icing and a half walnut .
Oblaat ( Japanese : オブラート ) is a thin edible layer of starch that wraps some candies in Japan .
Buchanan 's is a brand of Scotch whisky owned by Diageo and produced in Scotland .
Gazpachuelo is a soup originating from Málaga , Spain and is a typical fisherman 's dish , consisting of fish stock , a type of mayonnaise , garlic , egg yolk and olive oil .
Gorkha Beer ( Nepali : गोर्खा बीअर ) is a brand of beer brewed in Nepal .
Brulion ( meaning Rough Sketchbook in English ) was a Polish language quarterly literary magazine published in Poland from 1986 to 1999 .
Puffin Rock is an Irish children 's television series originally airing on RTÉjr in Ireland , Nick Jr. in the United Kingdom , and Netflix in the United States .
The Magnetic Tree or El árbol magnético is a Chilean Spanish co - produced film written and directed by Isabel de Ayguavives and filmed in Chile .
Ebola Syndrome ( 伊波拉病毒 ) is a 1996 Hong Kong Category III exploitation film starring Anthony Wong and directed by Herman Yau .
The Buddhism Palm Strikes Back is a Hong Kong wuxia comedy television series based on Wong Yuk - long 's manhua series Buddha 's Palm .
Maple liqueur refers to various alcoholic products made from maple syrup , primarily in the Northeast United States and Canada .
Joodse Omroep ( abbr . JO : English : Jewish Broadcasting Company ) was a special broadcaster on the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system , which is allowed to broadcast on radio and television because of their religious background .
The Copenhagen Post is a weekly newspaper providing Danish news in English both nationally and internationally ; it is the only English - language newspaper published in Denmark .
Leonela ( 1983 ) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and broadcast on Venezuela 's Radio Caracas Televisión .
Inbound Troubles ( Chinese : 老表,你好嘢 ! ; literally `` cousin , you are good ! '' ) , is a Hong Kong television comedy - drama serial produced by TVB and Wong Wai - sing .
Eric Zimmerman ( born 1969 ) is a game designer and the co - founder and CEO of Gamelab , a computer game development company based in Manhattan .
Jon Loomis ( born 1959 ) is an American poet and writer .
Antoni Wroniecki ( 1790 - 1838 ) was a Polish military officer and a General of the Polish Army during the November Uprising of 1831 .
Pierre Mankowski ( born 5 November 1951 ) is a French former football striker who became a coach .
Mohammad - Ali Taskhiri ( born 1948 ) is an Iranian ayatollah and diplomat .
Nickolas Grace ( born 21 November 1947 ) is an English actor known for his roles on television , including Anthony Blanche in the acclaimed ITV adaptation of Brideshead Revisited , and the Sheriff of Nottingham in the 1980s series Robin of Sherwood .
Lee Montague ( born 16 October 1927 ) is an English actor noted for his roles on film and television , usually playing tough guys .
Abdal Salam Al - Dabaji ( born 24 April , 1979 in Gaza ) he is a retired athlete who competed internationally for Palestine .
Pirzada Qasim Raza Siddiqui ( Urdu : پیرزادہ قاسم رضا صدیقی‎ ) ( born 8 February 1943 ) is a noted Pakistani scholar , Urdu poet scientist and educationist .
Tugay Kerimoğlu ( born 24 August 1970 ) is a Turkish former footballer who is a current manager of Şanlıurfaspor and played the majority of his career for Galatasaray and Blackburn Rovers .
William Douglas , 1st Earl of Douglas ( c. 1327 - -1384 ) was a Scottish magnate .
Ricardo Carrasco Stuparich ( born 1965 ) is a Chilean photographer , best known for nature and travel photography of South America .
Thomas McDowell ( born 1977 ) is a convicted British murderer responsible for the death of Andreas Hinz .
Isleym ( French pronunciation : ​(izˈlɛm ) ; born 13 June 1994 ) is a French singer - songwriter .
Odette Nyiramilimo ( born 1956 ) is a Rwandan physician and senator .
John Chupco ( ca . 1821 - -1881 ) was a leader of the Hvteyievike , or Newcomer , Band of the Seminole during the time of their forced relocation to Indian Territory .
Simen Omholt - Jensen ( born 5 May 1995 ) is a Norwegian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Norwegian Premier League side Stabæk Fotball .
Frances Russell ( born 1941 ) is an author and journalist in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Rogelio Valdés ( born 1882 - death date unknown ) was a Cuban baseball player in the Cuban League .
Ron Thomson MBE ( 1929 - -2004 ) was a senior Scottish journalist .
Kittisak Prokati ( Thai : กิตติศักดิ์ ปรกติ ; rtgs : Kittisak Prokkati ; born 7 December 1956 ) is a Thai legal scholar .
Clem Curtis ( born 28 November 1940 , Trinidad ) is a singer and former lead vocalist of sixties British soul group The Foundations .
Khalid Sheldrake , born Bertram William Sheldrake ( born 1888 , date of death unknown ) was an English pickle manufacturer who converted to Islam and briefly declared himself king of Islamistan in the Xinjiang region of China during the Warlord era .
Brownlow North ( 17 July 1741 - -12 July 1820 ) was a bishop of the Church of England .
Lawrence Okoye ( born 6 October 1991 ) is a British track and field athlete and an American football player for the New York Jets of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
John Starlight ( born 1974 ) is a pseudonym of the Munich - based musician and producer Florian Senfter .
Samantha Spackman ( born 16 June 1991 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) who currently plays for Western Sydney Wanderers in the Australian W - League .
Cathy Gannon ( born 21 September 1981 , Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish jockey .
Mikael Höglund ( born 15 May 1962 ) is a Swedish bass player , previously of the bands Tryckvåg , Great King Rat and Thunder , appearing on the 1995 album Behind Closed Doors , Live Circuit and Their Finest Hour ... and a bit , Live at the BBC ( 1990 - 1995 ) .
Guy Luzon ( Hebrew : גיא לוזון‎ ; born 7 August 1975 ) is an Israeli former footballer and current manager .
Krishna Chandran ( Malayalam : കൃഷ്ണചന്ദ്രൻ ; born 24 August 1984 ) , also known as Krishna Chandran Karate , is an Emirati cricketer of Indian descent .
Wilbur Hugh Ferry , an American activist , was born on born 17 December 1910 , the son of Hugh Joseph Ferry , President and Chairman of the Board of the Packard Motor Company , and Fay Ferry .
Scott Wade ( born 10 January 1960 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1980s .
Olivier Bouygues ( born 14 September 1950 ) is deputy CEO of the French company Bouygues , and CEO of the family holding company SCDM .
Sergey Buikevich ( born 13 August 1963 ) is a Kazakhstani dressage and endurance rider .
Mohammad Yaqub Khan ( 1849 -- November 15 , 1923 ) was Emir of Afghanistan from February 21 to October 12 , 1879 .
Jeanne Safer ( born 1947 in Cincinnati , Ohio ) has a BA degree in Philosophical Psychology from the University of Chicago in Chicago , Illinois and a PhD in Psychology from The Graduate Faculty of The New School for Social Research in New York City .
Phil Cousineau ( Columbia , South Carolina , 26 November 1952 ) is an American author , lecturer , independent scholar , screenwriter , and documentary filmmaker .
Marshall Brooks was born on 30 May 1855 in Haslingden , Lancashire , the second son of Thomas Brooks , 1st Baron Crawshaw of Crawshaw and Catherine Jones .
Fernando Jurado Noboa ( born 12 October 1949 , Quito ) is an Ecuadorian psychiatrist , historian and genealogist .
Lieutenant General Ivan Lemmer SM ( born 1931 ) was a former South African Army officer , who served as Chief of Staff Logistics .
Li Zhaozhuo ( Chinese : 李兆焯 ; Zhuang : Leix Ciucuek ; born September 1944 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Gillian Bailey or Gilli Bush - Bailey ( born 14 June 1955 in Wimbledon , London ) is a British academic and former actress .
Harrod Blank ( b. Westminster , California , United States , 1963 ) is an American documentary filmmaker and art car artist living in Berkeley , California .
Eline Berings ( born 28 May 1986 ) is a Belgian athlete , who competes in the 100 m hurdles .
Mike D'Angelo ( born 1968 ) is an American film critic .
Dag Ingebrigtsen ( born 12 December 1958 ) is a Norwegian musician who had his debut in 1977 with the group Subway Suck .
Ivan Putrov ( born 8 March 1980 ) is a Ukrainian - born ballet dancer and producer .
Lydia Grigorieva ( Born 1945 ) is a Ukrainian poet who now lives in London .
Merab Sharikadze ( Georgian : მერაბ შარიქაძე ) ( born 17 May 1993 ) in Moscow , Russia , is a Georgian rugby union player currently playing for Stade Aurillacois Cantal Auvergne in the Pro D2 .
Helmut Kassner ( born 26 December 1946 ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Sophia Yilma ( Amharic : ሶፍያ ይልማ ? , born 2 October 1942 ) is an Ethiopian journalist and politician .
Robert Zimansky ( born 20 April 1948 , Iowa City , Iowa ) is an American violinist living in Zurich .
Sjur Hansen Halkjeldsvik ( 1787 - - ? ? ) was a Norwegian politician .
Mohammad Khamis Saleh ( Arabic : محمد خميس صالح‎ ; born 11 March 1976 ) is a retired Emirati footballer .
Victor Yahun ( Ukrainian : Ві́ктор Микола́йович Ягу́н ; born 5 August 1970 , Telenești , Moldova ) is a Ukrainian military and public figure , Major general of the Security Service of Ukraine , the former deputy chairman of the Security Service of Ukraine ( from March 2014 to June 2015 ) .
Archduchess Sophie of Austria ( German : Sophie , Erzherzogin von Österreich ; 5 March 1855 -- 29 May 1857 ) was the first child and first of three daughters born to the Empress Elisabeth ( Sissi ) and Franz Joseph , Emperor of Austria .
Mandy Miller ( born Carmen Isabella Miller , 23 July 1944 ) is an English child actress who made a number of films in the 1950s and is probably best remembered for her recording of the song `` Nellie the Elephant '' .
Ulrich Kirchhoff ( born 9 August 1967 in Lohne ) is a German show jumping champion , Olympic champion from 1996 .
Ernesto Solitario ( born July , 1838 ) was an Italian sculptor , active mainly in Naples .
Rocky Morton ( born 1955 ) is an English director .
Remon Stotijn ( born 27 December 1975 ) is a Dutch singer , member of the band Postmen .
John Edward Fletcher ( 18 January 1940 -- 1 June 1992 ) was a British - Australian scholar best known for his research and publications on Athanasius Kircher as well as several other Germans who had lived in and/or influenced Australia .
Walter R. Nord ( born 1939 ) is an American academic specializing in the study of organizational behaviour .
Daroga Prasad Rai ( born 2 September 1922 , date of death unknown ) was an Indian politician from the state of Bihar .
Sarah Conlon ( née Maguire ) ( 20 January 1926 -- 19 July 2008 ) was an Irish housewife and a prominent campaigner in one of the most high - profile miscarriage of justice cases in British legal history .
Élie Barnavi ( born 1946 ) is an Israeli historian and diplomat , who was the Israeli ambassador to France between 2000 and 2002 .
Davenport Fabian Cartwright Blunt CB ( 19 January 1888 -- 28 December 1965 ) was a British Civil Servant who became Under - Secretary at HM Treasury .
Marianne Williams , née Marianne Coldham , was born in Norwich , England , 12 December 1793 .
Javad Manafi ( Persian : جواد منافی‎ ; born September 23 , 1970 ) is an Iranian retired association footballer and coach .
Namit Malhotra ( born 2 April 1976 ) is the Founder , Executive Chairman and Global CEO of Prime Focus Limited , world 's largest independent integrated media services company .
Adrian Bower ( born 20 August 1970 ) is an English actor , best known for his role as physical education and geography teacher Brian Steadman in the first three series of the British comedy series Teachers .
Luiz Jorge de Barbuda ( 1564 ( ? ) -1613 ( ? ) ) was a Portuguese cartographer .
Sir George Lockwood Morris , 8th Baronet ( 29 January 1859 - 23 November 1947 ) was a Welsh industrialist and iron founder .
Alan Light ( born August 4 , 1966 ) is an American journalist who has been a rock critic for Rolling Stone and the editor - in - chief for both Vibe and Spin .
Des de Moor ( Born Ipswich , Suffolk , England , 20 April 1961 ) is a writer , singer , musician and songwriter .
Frédéric Nérac ( 1960 -- declared dead 21 October 2005 ) is a French journalist , reported missing in Iraq from 22 March 2003 .
Shiamak Davar ( born 19 October 1961 ) is an Indian choreographer , noted as one of the first to bring contemporary jazz and western forms of dances to India .
Jing Yuexiu , 井岳秀 , September 6 , 1878 - -
Pye Min ( Burmese : ပြည်မင်း , pronounced : ( pjé mɪ́ɴ ) ; 26 May 1619 -- 14 April 1672 ) was king of Toungoo dynasty from 1661 to 1672 .
Sir David Yule , 1st Baronet ( 4 August 1858 -- 3 July 1928 ) was a Scottish businessman based in India .
Joseph Gayles ( 1844 -- May 29 , 1873 ) , also known as Socco the Bracer , was one of the leaders of the Patsy Conroy Gang which plagued the dockyards of the New York City waterfront during the 1860s and 1870s .
Chandan Dasgupta ( Bengali : চন্দন দাশগুপ্ত ) , ( born 1951 ) is an Indian theoretical physicist known for his contributions in condensed matter physics and statistical physics .
Kim Christer Lauren ( born 1990 ) is a Finnish man who was convicted of kidnapping , attempted sexual abuse and possession of child pornography .
James Magner ( born 12 August 1987 ) is an Australian rules football player who formerly played professionally at the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
William J. Schroeder ( 1932 , Jasper , Indiana -- August 7 , 1986 ) , was one of the first recipients of an artificial heart at the age of 52 .
Slavcho Atanasov ( Bulgarian : Славчо Атанасов ; born 14 February 1968 in Karlovo ) is a Bulgarian politician , member of IMRO - BNM and mayor of Plovdiv ( 2007 - -2011 ) .
Jennifer `` Jenn '' Forgie ( born 1969 ) is a Canadian actress and singer , who is often credited as Jenn Forgie .
Sissey Chao ( Chinese:趙一豪 pinyin : Zhao Yi Hao ; born 24 September 1963 ) is an aggressive , independent musician in Taiwan .
Sardar Inayatullah Khan Gandapur ( Urdu : سردار عنایت اللہ خان گنڈا پور‎27 August 1919 -- 29 April 2005 ) was a Pakistani politician from the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Kais Yâakoubi or Kais Yakoubi ( 18 July 1966 ) is a Tunisian former footballer who has coached 6 Tunisian football clubs and only 1 Saudi Arabian football club .
Giuseppe Pozzobonelli was born on 11 August 1696 in Milan , which at the time was part of Duchy of Milan .
Akiva Eldar ( Hebrew : עקיבא אלדר‎ ; born 27 November 1945 ) is an author and Israeli columnist for Al - Monitor .
Lucy Taxis Shoe Meritt ( born August 7 , 1906 , in Camden , New Jersey ; died Austin , Texas , April 13 , 2003 ) was a classical archaeologist and a scholar of Greek architectural ornamentation and mouldings .
Jean Baptiste , baron Franceschi ( 5 December 1766 , Bastia - 19 March 1813 , Danzig ) , was a French general .
Spike Rawlings ( birth name John Anderson Rawlinson ; 7 April 1944 -- 14 March 2006 ) was an English professional footballer who later became a TV entertainer after retiring as a sportsman .
David Willoughby Gooding ( born 1925 ) is Professor Emeritus of Old Testament Greek at Queen 's University Belfast , and is a member of the Royal Irish Academy .
Nathan Cole Jr. ( 1860 - -1921 ) was one of the two founders of the Los Angeles Daily Times , now the Los Angeles Times .
Ramón Marín Solá ( 12 January 1832 -- 13 September 1902 ) was a nineteenth - century Puerto Rican educator , journalist , politician , and historian .
Benjamin Leadbeater ( 1760 - -1837 ) was a British naturalist , ornithologist and taxidermist .
Willy Roggeman ( born Ninove , 9 June 1934 ) is a Belgian writer and jazz musician .
Colin Garland ( born 28 April 1988 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League , currently with the Melbourne Football Club .
Muyiwa Ademola ( born 26 January 1971 ) is a Nigerian Nollywood actor , film - maker , film producer and director .
Delfin Carbonell Basset ( born 1938 ) is a contemporary lexicographer in the United States and creator of the Unialphabet system .
Natalie Casey ( born 15 April 1980 ) is an English actress , television presenter and singer .
Slobodan Praljak ( 2 January 1945 ) is a Croatian politician and writer who served as general in the Croatian Army and the Croatian Defence Council , an army of the Croatian Republic of Herzeg - Bosnia .
Loa Nou ( born 31 December 1987 ) from Hanuabada Village is a Papua New Guinean cricketer .
Anne de La Grange - Trianon ( 1632 - January 30 , 1707 ) was a French courtier and husband to Louis de Buade de Frontenac , twice Governor General of New France .
Samuel Teresi ( born 1960 ) is the 23rd and current Mayor of the City of Jamestown , New York .
Linda Esther Gray ( born 29 May 1948 , Greenock , Scotland ) is a retired Scottish soprano and an operatic singing teacher .
Robbert Vos ( born 1986 ) , is a Euphonium soloist , teacher and conductor from the Netherlands .
Anthony Buckley ( AO ) ( born 27 July 1937 ) is an Australian film editor , producer , and prominent member of the Australian film industry .
Albert Bosquet ( born 1882 ) was a Belgian sport shooter .
Nicoleta Safta ( born 17 November 1994 , in Râmnicu Vâlcea ) is a Romanian handballer who plays for HC Dunărea Brăila .
Rae Helen Langton ( born 1961 ) is an Australian and British professor of philosophy in the Faculty of Philosophy at the University of Cambridge , and taught previously at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Thomas Barnacle ( 1846 - July 1921 ) from Galway , Ireland was the father of Nora Barnacle and father - in - law of the novelist , James Joyce .
Mario Venuti ( born 28 October 1963 ) is an Italian singer - songwriter , musician and record producer .
Musharraf Ali Farooqi ( born 26 July 1968 , Hyderabad , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani - Canadian writer , translator and essayist .
Sepp De Roover ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈsɛp də ˈroː.vər ) ) ( born 12 November 1984 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a right back for KFC De Kempen .
Levent Gök ( born 24 October 1959 ) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) who currently serves as one of the three parliamentary group leaders for his party since 22 August 2014 .
Charles de Brimeu ( born in 1524 or 1525 , † in Zwolle in 1572 ) , was the last count of Meghem , lord of Humbercourt , of Houdain and Éperlecques , stadtholder of Gelderland ( from 1556 ) and Order of the Golden Fleece .
William Hume Blake , QC ( 10 March 1809 -- 5 November 1870 ) was an Irish - Canadian jurist and politician .
Lisbeth F.K. Holter Brudal ( born 19 September 1935 ) is a Norwegian psychologist living in Oslo , Norway .
Johannes Dietrich ( born 10 February 1985 ) is a German swimmer who won seven medals at European Short Course Swimming Championships in 2005 - -2009 .
Claude Ignace François Michaud ( 28 October 1751 -- 19 October 1835 ) commanded French troops during the French Revolutionary Wars , rising to command the Army of the Rhine in 1794 .
Richard T. Williamson ( born 1958 ) is a non - fiction writer who has written many books and articles on asset protection , estate planning , and capital gains tax planning .
Tynnetta Muhammad ( 10 May 1941 -- 16 February 2015 ) was a journalist and commentator who was a longtime columnist for the publications of the Nation of Islam ( NOI ) and who was the spouse of the NOI leader Elijah Muhammad .
Dungue Lima ( born 24 February 1983 ) is a São Toméan footballer who has played for the São Tomé and Príncipe national team .
Michael Joseph Barry ( 1817 -- 23 January 1889 ) was an Irish poet , author , and political figure .
Marc Lütolf ( born 24 June 1987 ) is a former Swiss footballer In February 2008 he joined Gossau .
William Eric Hollies ( 5 June 1912 -- 16 April 1981 ) was an English cricketer , who is mainly remembered for taking the wicket of Donald Bradman for a duck in Bradman 's final Test match innings , in which only four was needed for a Test average of 100 .
Stephen Clark Foster ( 1820 -- January 27 , 1898 ) was a politician , the first American mayor of Los Angeles under United States military rule .
Vagif Sadygov ( born 1 April 1959 , Azerbaijani : Vaqif Sadıqov ) is an Azerbaijani football manager with Armenian anchestory from mother side .
Charles Denton Abel was born in London in 1831 , the grandson of August Christian Andreas Abel , who was court miniature painter to the Grand Duke of Mecklenburgh Schwerin .
Tom Jeffrey ( born 26 September 1938 ) is an Australian film and TV producer and director .
Lorie Tarshis ( 22 March 1911 -- 4 October 1993 ) was a Canadian economist who taught mostly at Stanford University .
Kumar Bose ( born 4 April 1953 ) is an Indian tabla maestro and composer of Indian classical music .
Thomas Bickley ( 1518 - -1596 ) was an English churchman , a Marian exile who became Warden of Merton College , Oxford and Bishop of Chichester
Norman E. Bowie ( born 1942 ) is professor emeritus at the University of Minnesota .
Viktor Alekseevitch Frolov ( born 28 April 1936 ) is a Russian pathophysiologist and medical scientist .
Nola Chilton ( born 1922 ) is an American - born Israeli theater director and acting teacher .
Michael T. Wright FSA ( born in 1948 , London , England ) was formerly curator of mechanical engineering at the Science Museum and later at Imperial College in London , England .
Roberto López - Corrales ( born 28 June 1974 , in Alicante ) , also known by the artistic pseudonym ROLOCO , is a Spanish visual artist and composer .
Miguel Navarro , known in Latin as Michael Navarrus ( Pamplona , 1563 -- Pamplona , 2 January 1627 ) was a Spanish composer .
Adam Foti ( born 20 February 1984 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) striker with an Italian passport who played for several Cypriot and Greek clubs .
William James Weighell ( born 28 January 1994 ) is an English cricketer who plays for Durham and made his first - class debut in 2015 .
Alexander De Croo ( born 3 November 1975 ) is a Flemish liberal politician , economist and businessman .
Stanislav Lunev ( born 1946 in Leningrad ) is a former Soviet military officer , the highest - ranking GRU officer to defect from Russia to the United States .
Chris Browne ( born 1952 ) is an American comic strip artist and cartoonist .
Yavilah McCoy ( born November 8 , 1972 ) , an African - American Jew , is the founder of Ayecha , a nonprofit organization providing educational resources for Jewish Diversity and advocacy for Jews of Color in the United States .
Gonzalo Tellechea ( born 11 July 1985 ) is an Argentine triathlete .
Tanya Datta ( born 16 July 1972 ) is a British Asian radio and television journalist and writer .
Chris Rudd ( born 17 December 1969 ) is a former rugby league footballer who usually played as a centre .
Taj Haider , SI ( Urdu : تاج حيدر ; born 8 March 1942 ) is a notable left - wing statesman , nationalist , playwright , mathematician , versatile scholar , and Marxist intellectual .
Paul Rankin ( born 1 October 1959 Glasgow , Scotland ) is a celebrity chef from Ballywalter , County Down , Northern Ireland .
Donald Trelford ( born 9 November 1937 ) is a British journalist and academic , who was editor of The Observer newspaper from 1975 to 1993 .
John Francis Sartorius ( 1775?-1831 ? ) , was an English painter of horses , horse - racing and hunting scenes , a member of the celebrated Sartorius family of artists .
Pir Ilahi Bux or Pir Ilahi Buksh ( Urdu : پیر الہی بخش ‎ ) was born at Pir Jo Goth near Bhansyedabad on 9 July 1890 in a spiritual family of Dadu District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Alien Huang ( traditional Chinese : 黃鴻升 ; simplified Chinese : 黄鸿升 ; pinyin : Huáng Hóng Shēng ) , also known as Xiao Gui ( 小鬼 ) , is a Taiwanese singer , actor , TV presenter , lyricist , writer , illustrator and fashion designer , born on 28 November 1983 .
Nireah Johnson ( 1986 -- July 23 , 2003 ) was an African American trans woman who was murdered in Indianapolis , Indiana by Paul Moore , after Moore discovered that Johnson was transgender .
Ali Nobakht Haghighi ( Persian : علی نوبخت حقیقی ) ( born 1948 , Rasht , Iran ) is an Iranian ( Persian ) professor of Internal Medicine - Nephrology .
Daniela Yordanova ( Bulgarian : Даниела Йорданова)(born 8 March 1976 in Slivnitsa ) is a Bulgarian middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres .
Ted Cain ( born c. 1952 ) coached in the college football ranks for over 30 years .
M. S. Abdul Khader ( c. 1932 - 3 October 2009 ) was an Indian politician of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( DMK ) and later , Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam .
Ellis Jenkins ( born 29 April 1993 ) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Cardiff Blues regional team as a flanker .
Dávid Radványi ( born 19 September 1989 ) is a professional Slovak footballer currently plays for Vasas SC .
Edward Lhuyd ( pronounced ( ˈɬuɪd ) ; usually rewritten as Llwyd in recent times ) ( 1660 -- 30 June 1709 ) was a Welsh naturalist , botanist , linguist , geographer and antiquary .
Sister Paula González , S.C. , Ph.D. , ( born 1932 ) entered the Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati in 1954 .
Isa Hoes ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈisaː ɦus ) ; born 13 June 1967 ) is a Dutch actress and voice actress .
Jean Black Ngody ( born 21 January 1978 in Mudeka ) is a former Cameroonian footballer and current anchor of Chiltern Voice .
Iben Sandemose ( born 13 July 1950 ) is a Norwegian illustrator , children 's writer , playwright and biographer .
Clive Aslet ( born 1955 ) is editor - at - large of Country Life magazine , a writer on British architecture and life , and a campaigner on countryside and other issues .
Liam Doran ( born 22 March 1987 ) is a professional rallycross driver competing in the FIA World Rallycross Championship , Global RallyCross Championship , X Games , and European Rallycross Championship .
Michelle Scutt ( born Probert on 17 June 1960 ) is a former British Olympic athlete .
Rüdiger Dorn ( born 1969 ) is a German - style board game designer .
Kenichi Yumoto ( Japanese : 湯元健一 ; born 4 December 1984 in Wakayama ) is a Japanese freestyle wrestler .
Violet Fane was the literary pseudonym of Mary , Baroness Currie , née Mary Montgomerie Lamb ( 24 February 1843 , Beauport Park -- 13 October 1905 , Harrogate ) , a British novelist , poet and essayist of Victorian era .
Paul Emsley ( born 25 August 1947 ) is a British artist who worked in South Africa until 1996 and is now resident in Bradford - on - Avon , Wiltshire , England .
Marquis Calmes IV ( born 26 February 1755 ) was an American military leader .
Justin Westhoff ( born 1 October 1986 ) is a footballer currently playing for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the AFL .
Monica Nicholle Sandra Dewi Gunawan Basri ( 8 August 1983 ) , better known as Sandra Dewi , is an Indonesian model and actress .
Gabriel Rossi ( born 3 February 1971 , Orbost , Victoria ) is an Italian Australian comedian living in Melbourne .
Brigadier General Ignatius Slamet Rijadi ( Perfected Spelling : Ignatius Slamet Riyadi ; 26 July 1927 -- 4 November 1950 ) was an Indonesian soldier .
Mamma Andersson ( born 1962 ) is a contemporary artist based in Stockholm .
Chung Thye Yong ( Chinese : 郑大养 , b. 1868 ; d. 20 Oct 1915 ) , also known as Chung Ah Yong ( 郑亚养 ) , was a Malaysian philanthropist , tin miner , rubber planter , rugby player and racehorse owner of the 19th century .
Dong Hengyi ( Chinese : 董蘅毅 ; pinyin : Dǒng Héngyì ; born 25 March 1991 ) , formerly known as Dong Chunyu ( Chinese : 董春雨 ; pinyin : Dǒng Chūnyǔ ) , is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Rolf Ziegler ( born 17 January 1951 in Stuttgart ) is a former athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles .
Damien Marcq ( born 8 December 1988 in Boulogne - sur - Mer ) is a French football player who currently plays for the Belgian club Sporting Charleroi .
Flavio Raffo ( born 14 January 1972 ) is an Italian football manager and a former footballer .
Diana Kačanova ( born 7 January 1993 ) is a Lithuanian race walker , who internationally competes for Lithuania .
Herbert Benson ( born 1935 ) , is an American medical doctor , cardiologist , and founder of the Mind / Body Medical Institute at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston .
Mikk Pinnonen ( born 4 January 1991 ) is an Estonian handballer who plays as a playmaker for Știința Municipal Dedeman Bacău in the Romanian Liga Naţională and the Estonian national team .
Field Marshal Fat'hi Abu Taleb ( born 1933 ) is the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the Jordanian military .
Rowan Gormley ( born 8 June 1962 ) is a South African born entrepreneur .
Rudolph Lennhoff ( 1865 - December 27 , 1933 ) was one of the best known medical authorities in Berlin .
Per Vari Kerloc'h ( born 1952 ) is the current Grand Druid of the Goursez Breizh ( founded in 1899 ) .
Daan Noppen ( Arnhem , 14 January 1977 -- lives and works in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch contemporary artist mainly working in drawing and photography .
Mario Armond Zamparelli ( c. 1921 -- September 8 , 2012 ) was an American artist and designer , best known for his connection with Howard Hughes .
Al Pike ( born 1961 in New York City , New York ) is an American musician , best known as the bassist of the hardcore punk band Reagan Youth , as well as briefly being a member of Samhain .
Jamie Lamb ( born 13 April 1968 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Geelong in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
William Tattenbaum , aka Russian Bill ( 1853-November 9 , 1881 ) was an outlaw of the Old West , and an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County , Arizona .
Calvin Newton ( born 1929 ) is a Gospel music singer and pioneering Contemporary Christian music personality from West Frankfort , Illinois .
Victoria Borwick , Lady Borwick ( born Victoria Lorne Peta Poore ; 26 April 1956 ) is a British Conservative politician who serves as Member of Parliament for Kensington .
Rinzin Dorji ( born 1976 ) also known as Rinzin Rinzin , is a runner from Pam village in Trashigang , Bhutan .
Elder Peter Godsday Orubebe ( born 6 June 1959 ) was appointed Nigerian Minister of Niger Delta on 6 April 2010 when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet .
Ben Quilter ( born 8 October 1981 ) is a British paralympic judoka .
Seaman Second Class Andrew Jackson Gandy ( born 20 October 1924 in Chattanooga , Tennessee ) was awarded the Navy Cross during World War II .
Suzanne Romaine ( born 1951 ) is an American linguist known for work on historical linguistics and sociolinguistics .
Elias Nakhleh ( Arabic : إلياس نخلة‎ , Hebrew : אליאס נח'לה‎ ; born 1913 , died 6 September 1990 ) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1959 and 1974 .
Natalie Suleyman ( born Nazlı Süleyman on 6 June 1974 ) is an Australian politician .
Louis Lortie , OC , CQ ( born 27 April 1959 ) is a French - Canadian pianist .
Hossein Zakeri ( Persian حسین ذاکری ) , Prof . Dr. ( born 27 December 1942 ) is an Iranian mathematician .
David Millner ( born 24 July 1938 ) is a former English cricketer who played first class cricket for Derbyshire between 1960 and 1964 .
Banwari Lal Joshi ( born 27 March 1936 ) is an Indian political figure who was Governor of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh from 2009 to 24 June 2014 .
Harvey Grace ( 1874 - -1944 ) was an English organist and music writer .
Lu Sui ( 路隨 or 路隋 ) ( 776 -- August 16 , 835 ) , courtesy name Nanshi ( 南式 ) , was an official of the Chinese Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Wenzong .
David Horovitch ( born 11 August 1945 ) is an English actor , perhaps best known for playing the character of Inspector Slack in Miss Marple .
Howza , born Tshepo Howard Mosese , ( 19 July 1983 ) is a South African rapper , songwriter and actor .
Henry Rhiney ( born 28 November 1951 ) is a British former boxer who was British welterweight champion between 1976 and 1979 , and European champion between 1978 and 1979 .
Loyd Blankenship ( born 1965 ) , better known by his pseudonym The Mentor , is a well - known computer hacker and writer .
Eugenio Raúl Zaffaroni ( born in Buenos Aires , 1940 ) is an Argentine lawyer .
Wilfred John Simkin CMG ( 15 June 1883 -- 8 July 1967 ) was the 6th Anglican Bishop of Auckland whose Episcopate spanned a 20-year period during the middle of the 20th century .
Mirko Slomka ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmɪɐ̯ko ˈslɔmka ) ; born 12 September 1967 ) is a German football manager who last managed Hamburger SV .
Fauxstar is the recording name of Ryan Briggs ( born 16 July 1986 in Sheffield , England ) , a British Electronic Music Producer .
Feng Xiaoning ( simplified Chinese : 冯小宁 ; traditional Chinese : 馮小寧 ; pinyin : Féng Xiǎoníng ) ( born 1954 ) is a Chinese film director , screenwriter and cinematographer .
Fabian Göranson ( born 1978 in Stockholm ) , is a Swedish illustrator and publisher of graphic novels and comics .
Olle Hilding ( born Hilding Olof Johansson ; 19 July 1898 in Stockholm -- 9 November 1983 in Stockholm ) was a Swedish stage and film actor .
Don Leicht ( born 1946 ) is a visual artist who has worked as a painter and sculptor in the Bronx , New York City for over thirty years .
Alex Schoenbaum ( born August 8 , 1915 in Charleston , West Virginia -- d. December 6 , 1996 in Sarasota , Florida ) was an American collegiate football player and businessman in the hospitality industry , eventually operating a chain of motels and over 1,000 restaurants .
Dave Randolph - Mayhem Davis ( born 1989 ) is an American actor based out of New Orleans , Louisiana .
Giorgio Bracardi ( born 3 May 1935 ) is an Italian actor , composer and stand - up comedian .
Ashlee Vance ( born 1977 ) is an American business columnist .
José de Eusebio ( born 1966 , Madrid ) is a Spanish conductor and musicologist .
Katrina Sedgwick ( born 27 December 1967 ) is the Australian CEO and director of the Australian Centre for the Moving Image .
Tony Ross ( born 10 August 1938 ) is a British illustrator and author of children 's picture books .
Tijana Dapčević ( Macedonian : Тијана Дапчевиќ , Serbian : Тијана Дапчевић , Serbian pronunciation : ( tǐjana dâptʃeʋitɕ ) , née Todevska , Macedonian : Тијана Тодевска , Serbian : Тијана Тодевска , born 3 February 1976 ) also known as simply Tijana , is a pop singer performing mainly in Serbia .
Ingo Giezendanner ( born 1975 ) is a painter and installation artist and member of the Kroesos Foundation .
Richard Peter Gaughan usually known as Dick Gaughan ( born 17 May 1948 , Glasgow ) is a Scottish musician , singer , and songwriter , particularly of folk and social protest songs .
George Coșbuc ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈd͡ʒe̯ord͡ʒe koʃˈbuk ) ; 20 September 1866 -- 9 May 1918 ) was a Romanian poet , translator , teacher , and journalist , best remembered for his verses describing , praising and eulogizing rural life , its many travails but also its occasions for joy .
Mariama Ndoye - Mbengue ( born 1953 ) is a Senegalese writer born Mariama Ndoye .
Shane Millard ( born 30 July 1975 ) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Dexter Skeene ( born 1 April 1964 in Trinidad and Tobago ) is a former international Trinidadian footballer having played for Malta Carib Alcons , Maple Club , and the national team .
Shane Durkin ( born 1 July 1987 ) is a Hurling player for Dublin and Ballyboden St. Enda 's .
Du Deyin ( Chinese : 杜德印 ; pinyin : Dù Déyìn ; born July 1951 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Shi Hongjun ( simplified Chinese : 石鸿俊 ; traditional Chinese : 石鴻俊 ; pinyin : Shí Hóngjùn ; born 4 October 1991 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Meizhou Kejia in the China League Two .
Jegaatha ( born 3 January 1956 ) is a famous Tamil author of over 500 short stories , 30 small novels , 10 novels , 100 poems and more than 300 books on various titles .
Geary Gravel ( born 1951 ) is an American science fiction author and professional sign language interpreter .
Mohammed Taheri ( Persian : محمد طاهری‎‎ , born 4 February 1952 ) was the Iranian Ambassador in Portugal .
Sir Harbottle Grimston , 1st Baronet ( c. 1569 - -1648 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1614 and 1648 .
Göran Waxberg ( 23 May 1919 -- 2007 ) was a Swedish decathlete who won a bronze medal at the 1946 European Championships .
Jean Schwarzwalder ( born 1980 ) , known as Suzy Hotrod , is a roller derby skater .
Elijah Ware ( born 14 April 1983 ) is a retired Australian Rules Football player , who played for Port Adelaide in the AFL , and played for the Central District Bulldogs in the SANFL .
Xu Yaoyuan ( Chinese : 许耀元 ; born December 1952 ) is a general of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
Adrià Díaz ( born 17 September 1990 ) is a Spanish ice dancer who skates with Olivia Smart .
Chân Không ( born in 1938 ) is an expatriate Vietnamese Buddhist nun , peace activist , and has worked closely with Thích Nhất Hạnh in the creation of Plum Village and helping conduct spiritual retreats internationally .
Peter Sekaer ( born Peter Ingemann Sekjær 1901 - July 14 , 1950 ) was a Danish - American photographer and artist .
Kathrin Zettel ( born 5 August 1986 ) is an Austrian retired World Cup alpine ski racer .
Maxim Jakubowski ( 1944 ) is a crime , erotic , science fiction and rock music writer and critic .
Dan Olaru ( born 11 November 1996 in Chişinău , Moldova ) is a Moldovan - Romanian archer .
Alan Bjerga ( born 1973 ) is an American journalist , author of the book Endless Appetites :
Gao Zhunyi ( simplified Chinese : 高准翼 ; traditional Chinese : 高準翼 ; pinyin : Gāo Zhŭnyì ; Hangul : 고준익 ; born 21 August 1995 ) is a Chinese footballer of Korean descent who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League .
Victor Ferraz Macedo ( born 14 January 1988 ) , known as Victor Ferraz , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos as right back .
Monica Heller ( born June 1955 ) is a Canadian linguistic anthropologist and Professor at the University of Toronto .
Radko Polič ( born 18 August 1942 ) is an award - winning Slovenian theatre , television and film actor .
Nicolas Blaise Des Bergères de Rigauville ( 1679 -- July 1739 ) was an officer in the colonial regular troops of New France He was the commandant of Fort Niagara for a time and became the seigneur of two seigneuries through marriage .
Michael Joseph Schofield , known as Mike Schofield ( born 1969 ) , is a former policy advisor to Governor Rick Perry who is an incoming 2015 Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 132 in northwestern Harris County , Texas .
Damian Grammaticas ( born June 1970 in Nairobi ) is a British journalist , working for the BBC .
Benoît Tréluyer ( born 7 December 1976 ) is a French professional racing driver .
Ron Tarrant ( born 11 October 1988 Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian Producer / Sound Designer as well as Singer / Guitarist / Producer in the band Lost In Film .
Katarzyna Radtke , née Schewe ( born 31 August 1969 in Bydgoszcz ) is a retired Polish race walker .
Daniel DiLucchio ( born 1973 ) is an American Midget professional wrestler best known by his ring name Short Sleeve Sampson .
Anthony Petrosky ( born 1948 , Exeter , Pennsylvania ) is an American poet , and professor .
Ewa Nowak ( born 21 December 1966 in Warsaw ) is a Polish writer , teacher , therapist and journalist .
Frank A. Stevenson ( born 1970 ) is a Norwegian software developer , and part - time cryptanalyst .
Stoyan Petrov ( Bulgarian : Стоян Петров , 31 March 1956 ) is a Bulgarian former cyclist .
Réal Giguère ( born 24 May 1933 ) began his career as a radio announcer from 1956 to 1961 .
Helen Kemp ( March 31 , 1918 -- August 23 , 2015 ) was an American voice teacher , church music pedagogue , composer , and children 's choir clinician .
Nicholas Winmar ( born 27 April 1991 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Jean - Fernand Brierre ( 23 September 1909 -- 1992 ) was a Haitian poet , dramatist , journalist , and diplomat .
Vesna Pusić ( pronounced ( ʋɛ̂sna pǔːsitɕ ) ; born 25 March 1953 ) is a Croatian sociologist and politician who served as a First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign and European Affairs in the centre - left Cabinet of Zoran Milanović .
Aub Charleston ( 22 November 1901 -- 5 August 1985 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
( Joseph ) Raymond Doherty , Lord Doherty ( born 30 January 1958 ) is a Scottish lawyer and Senator of the College of Justice , a judge of the Supreme Courts of Scotland .
Sai Sai Kham Leng ( Burmese : စိုင်းစိုင်းခမ်းလှိုင် ; pronounced : ( sáiɴ sáiɴ kʰáɴ l̥àiɴ ) ; also Sai Sai Kham Hlaing ; born 10 April 1979 ) is a well - known Burmese rapper , songwriter , model , novelist , and actor of ethnic Shan descent .
Henry Cheng Kar - shun ( Traditional Chinese : 鄭家純 , Simplified Chinese:郑家纯 ) ; born 1946 , Hong Kong ) , GBS , is a Hong Kong billionaire entrepreneur .
Bill Keene ( 1927 -- April 5 , 2000 ) was a television and radio personality who became famous in the Los Angeles , California market as a traffic and weather announcer .
Donald Carswell ( 11 February 1882 -- 2 January 1940 ) was a Scottish barrister , journalist and author .
Gregory O'Kane ( born 1972 ) is an Irish former hurler who is the current coach of the Antrim senior hurling team .
Eric Faulkner ( born 21 October 1953 as Eric Falconer ) is a guitarist , songwriter , and singer , best known as a member of the Scottish pop band , the Bay City Rollers .
Bernard Morin ( French : ( mɔʁɛ̃ ) ; born 1931 ) is a French mathematician , specifically a topologist , who is now retired .
Peter Cibák ( born 2 March 1981 in Liptovský Mikuláš ) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1990s to the early 2010s .
Terence Marsh ( born 14 November 1931 ) is a British production designer .
Nam - Trung Nguyen ( born 14 April 1970 ) is a researcher on the fields of Microfluidics , Nanofluidics .
Lucien Plourde ( born 27 March 1930 at Saint - Augustin - de - Québec , Quebec ) was a Ralliement Créditiste and Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Robert William Griffiths ( 28 May 1896 -- 29 Jan 1962 ) was a farmer and businessman whose principal interests lay in dairy farm production in Wales .
Sebastian Kappen ( 4 January 1924 , Kodikulam , Kerala ( India ) - 30 November 1993 , Bangalore , India ) , was an Indian Jesuit priest and theologian .
Vice - Admiral Sir Robert Walmsley KCB , FREng , FRSA , FIET ( born 1 February 1941 ) was Chief of Defence Procurement at the UK Ministry of Defence from 1996 to 2003 , and is a retired Vice - Admiral in the Royal Navy .
Julian Codman ( 21 September 1870 - 30 December 1932 ) was born in Cotuit , Massachusetts as the son of Charles Russell Codman and his wife , née Lucy Lyman Paine Sturgis .
Dutee Chand ( born 3 February 1996 ) is an Indian professional sprinter .
Józef Sękalski ( 1904 - -1972 ) , also known as Josef Sekalski and Juozapas Senkalskis , was a Polish painter , printer , etcher and illustrator who lived and worked in Scotland .
Javier Mazariegos , dedicated to agriculture and the cattle ranch , was born in 1951 , is married and has three children .
Ray Korona ( 1946 - October 16 , 2014 ) was an American folk musician , particularly known for topical songs .
Lajos Bebrits ( 14 December 1891 -- 9 August 1963 ) was a Hungarian communist newspaper editor and politician .
Arnór Smárason ( born 7 September 1988 ) is an Icelandic footballer who plays for Allsvenskan side Hammarby IF .
David Desser ( born 1953 ) is emeritus professor of cinema studies at the University of Illinois at Urbana--
Dominique Deruddere ( born 15 June 1957 ) is a Belgian film director , actor , screenwriter and producer .
Abebaw Butako ( Amharic : ዓበባው ቡጣቆ ? , born 20 April 1987 in Arba Minch ) is an Ethiopian footballer .
Ralph Hedley ( 31 December 1848 -- 14 June 1913 ) was a realist painter , woodcarver and illustrator , best known for his paintings portraying scenes of everyday life in the North East of England .
Annemarie Forder ( born 31 January 1978 ) is an Australian who competes in the individual Olympic Air Pistol event , where she won a bronze medal at the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games , she also competed at the 1996 Atlanta Summer Olympic Games in the same event , where she placed 23rd .
Ray Hudson ( born 24 March 1955 ) is a retired English professional football player and former coach who currently works as an English - language football commentator on beIN Sport .
Lisa F. Jackson ( born 1950 ) is an American documentary filmmaker , known most recently for her films , The Greatest Silence :
Gemma Cuervo Igartua ( born 22 June 1936 ) is a Spanish TV , cinema and theatre actress .
Veerle Baetens ( born 24 January 1978 ) is a Belgian actress and singer probably best known for her role as Elise / Alabama in The Broken Circle Breakdown .
Thomas Charles Edwards ( 22 September 1837 -- 22 March 1900 ) was a Welsh minister , writer and academic who was the first Principal of the University College of Wales , Aberystwyth .
David Ewing Duncan ( born 1958 ) is an American journalist , author and broadcaster with a special emphasis on new discoveries and their implications in biotechnology and the life sciences ; he also reports on the environment and on green technologies .
Marion Hume ( born 3 July 1962 ) is a British fashion journalist based in London .
Michel Vonk ( born 28 October 1968 ) is a Dutch former professional footballer and the current manager of Eerste Divisie side Telstar .
Colin Kenna ( born 28 July 1976 in Dublin ) is an Irish boxer , formerly a holder of the BBofC Southern Area heavyweight title belt .
Csaba Tőri ( born 12 November 1987 ) is a musical conductor , music teacher and founding member of the Moltopera Company .
Edwin Wilcox ( born 1841 ) was a one term Democratic mayor of South Norwalk , Connecticut in 1890 .
Duke Friedrich August of Oldenburg ( 11 January 1936 ) is a member of the House of Holstein - Gottorp .
Millie Wilson ( born 1948 in Hot Springs , Arkansas ) is an artist and teacher who lives and works in Austin , TX .
Albert Richard Mohr ( 1911 - -1992 ) was a German music and theatre expert .
Giorgos Kokkinis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Κοκκίνης ; born 27 April 1989 ) is a Greek footballer .
Harriet Wheeler ( born 26 June 1963 ) is an English singer and songwriter , best known as the lead singer of the 1980s/1990s alternative rock band , The Sundays .
Andrés Felipe Arias Leiva ( born 4 May 1973 ) is a Colombian economist , sentenced to 17 years and 4 months of prison for a corruption scandal during his time as Minister of Agriculture .
Sasha Skenderija ( born 4 July 1968 ) is a Bosnian - American poet currently residing in Prague .
Abudureyimu Ajiyiming ( born 1943 ) is a Chinese politician and accountant .
Khwairakpam Chaoba Singh ( born 1895 , Uripok Sorbon Thingen leikai , Imphal--1950 ) was a poet , essayist , prose - Writer and novelist .
Zoltán Žebík ( born 3 August 1992 ) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays for DOXXbet liga club FC VSS Košice as a centre back .
Isabel Magkoeva ( Russian : Изабель Казбековна Магкоева , born 20 January 1991 ) is a Russian political activist .
Juraj Dobrović ( pronounced ( jûraj dǒːbrovit͡ɕ ) ; born 1928 in Jelsa , Croatia ) is a Croatian artist working in the media of sculpture , painting and graphic arts .
Dora Deliyska ( Bulgarian : Дора Делийска ; born 1980 ) is a Bulgarian concert pianist currently living in Vienna , Austria .
Gilbert W. Fitzhugh ( 1911 - -December 29 , 1997 ) was an American actuary who became a businessman and community leader in New York City .
David Zarefsky ( born 1946 ) is an American communication scholar with research specialties in rhetorical history and criticism .
Joseph Gerrald ( 9 February 1763 -- 16 March 1796 ) was a political reformer , one of the `` Scottish Martyrs '' .
Quentin Bone FRS ( born 17 August 1931 ) is a British marine biologist .
Kevin Rans ( born 19 August 1982 in Ekeren ) is a former Belgian pole vaulter .
Mbuya Beulah Dyoko , best known as Mbuya Dyoko ( 23 November 1944 -- 26 May 2013 ) was a Zimbabwean musician .
Ellen Ash Peters ( born March 21 , 1930 in Berlin ) is an American lawyer and judge .
Robert Mailer Anderson ( born 1968 ) is an American novelist , screenwriter , and philanthropist .
Amnon Sella ( born 1934 ) is a prominent International Relations and Soviet Studies scholar and an author .
Peter Roney ( 15 January 1887 -- 25 August 1930 ) was a professional footballer who played in goal for Norwich City and Bristol Rovers prior to the First World War .
Hon . Christopher O'Reilly , K.S.G. , ( 1835 -- 11 January 1910 ) was a politician in colonial Tasmania .
Hege Skjeie ( born 15 May 1955 ) is a Norwegian political scientist and feminist .
Erin Richards ( born 17 May 1986 ) is a Welsh actress , best known for playing detective Nancy Reid in the television series Being Human and Barbara Kean in the television series Gotham .
Hajjah Maria Ulfah ( born 21 December 1955 ) is an Indonesian Qur'an reciter and manager of the Central Institute for the Development of Quranic Recitation .
Marco Bellocchio ( Italian : ( ˈmarko belˈlɔkkjo ) ; born 9 November 1939 ) is an Italian film director , screenwriter , and actor .
Tony Kern ( born 1969 ) is a Singapore - based American film director , screenwriter , motion picture artist and film producer .
Abimbola Lagunju ( born in 1960 in Ibadan ) is a Nigerian author . He studied Medicine in St Petersburg , Russia ( 1979 - -1987 ) .
Franciotto Orsini ( 1473 - -1534 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal .
Kallum Watkins ( Born 12 March 1991 in Manchester , England ) is an English professional rugby league footballer for Leeds of Super League .
Heather Reid OBE CPhys FinstP ( born c. 1969 ) , also known as `` Heather the Weather '' , is a Scottish meteorologist and former television weather presenter for BBC Scotland .
Sven Thieme ( born 8 February 1968 ) is a Namibian businessman magnate .
Trần Quốc Hiền ( born c. 1965 ) is a Vietnamese lawyer and author imprisoned by the Vietnamese government for his union activities .
Ann Barrett OBE ( born 27 February 1943 ) , is Emeritus Professor of Oncology in the University of East Anglia , England , and formerly deputy dean of the School of Medicine and lead clinician for oncology at the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital NHS Trust .
Ernest Entwistle Cheesman ( 21 September 1898 Wood Green - February 1983 Weybridge ) , was an English botanist noted for his work on the family Musaceae .
Jamie Rix ( born 1958 ) is an English children 's author .
Vrindavan Lal Verma , an eminent Hindi novelist and playwright , was born on 9 January 1889 at Mauranipur and died on 23 February 1969 .
Jenő Major ( 6 August 1891 -- 13 January 1972 ) was a Hungarian military officer , who served as the last Commander of the Hungarian Second Army during the Second World War .
Solvi Stubing ( born 19 January 1941 ) is a German actress and TV personality , mainly active in Italy .
Ruggero Trevisan ( born 12 March 1990 ) is a former Italian rugby union player who played as a fullback .
Amalia Ulman ( born 1989 ) , is an Argentinian born Spanish artist , working across mediums , including poetry , graphic design , video , iOS mobile uploads , painting , and installation .
Henri Boel ( born 5 September 1931 ) is a Belgian politician and a judge .
Shaiman Anwar Butt ( Urdu : انور این شیما‎ ; born 15 March 1979 ) is an Emirati cricketer of Pakistani origin .
Robert Jackson Hanvey , born at Blennerhasset , Cumbria , on 16 August 1899 , was an English sportsman .
Sir Frank Leslie Walcott , KA , OBE ( 16 September 1916 -- 24 February 1999 ) was a Barbadian trade unionist , politician , ambassador and one of the ten National Heroes of Barbados .
Sir Henry Felton , 2nd Baronet ( 27 July 1619 - 20 October 1690 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1656 and 1679 .
Joseph G. Hitner ( born 1862 , date of death unknown ) owned an iron works in Philadelphia .
Zhang Xiaoqiang ( Chinese : 张晓强 ; pinyin : Zhāng Xiǎoqiáng ) ( born 1952 ) is the vice - director of the Chinese National Development and Reform Commission .
Deena Larsen ( born 1964 ) is a new media , hypertext author , known for ground - breaking work in creating structural patterns in hypermedia literature .
Simo Halinen ( born 1963 ) is a Finnish film director , screenwriter , actor and author .
Benedictus van Haeften ( 1588 -- 31 July 1648 ) was the Provost of Affligem Abbey and a writer of religious works .
Marc Quinn ( born 8 January 1964 ) is a British sculptor and visual artist .
Youcef Nadarkhani ( born 1977 ) is an Iranian Christian pastor who was sentenced to death ( but later acquitted ) in Tehran as being a Christian having been born into Islam .
Werner Pawlok ( born 1953 in Stuttgart ) is a German artist and photographer known for his celebrity and art photography , especially for his work with the 20x24 '' Polaroid Camera .
Cosimo Morelli ( 1732 -- February 26 , 1812 ) was an Italian architect , active throughout the Papal States in a Neoclassic style .
Jesús Segovia Pérez ( born 16 June 1989 ) , better known by his stage name Xuso Jones , is a Spanish singer and composer .
Dennis Jacobs ( born 1944 ) is a federal judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
Yavuz Tatış ( born 1947 ) is a businessman from İzmir , Turkey , who has accumulated over the years one of the richest private collections in Turkey of historical artifacts dating from the Anatolian , Ancient Greek , Roman and Byzantine periods .
Elaine Vassie ( born 10 October 1981 in Paisley ) is a Scottish rugby union coach .
Włodzimierz Zakrzewski ( 1916 - -1992 ) was a Polish painter , graphician and poster artist .
Karel Lambert ( born 1928 ) is a philosopher and logician at the University of California , Irvine and the University of Salzburg .
Ed Bahlman ( born 1950 ) is the American founder of 99 Records , the legendary postpunk label from New York , home to ESG and Liquid Liquid .
Alejandro Nieto ( born in Montevideo , 7 January 1988 ) is a Uruguayan rugby union player .
Brendan Quigley ( born 19 January 1986 ) is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois .
Anka Muhlstein ( born 1935 ) is a historian and biographer .
Charles E. White , Jr. ( 1876 - -1936 ) was a noted Chicago area architect who for a time worked in the Oak Park studio of Frank Lloyd Wright and who , both before and after that time , had a successful and influential career as an architect and a writer on architectural subjects .
Jacques Archambault ( c. 1604 -- February 15 , 1688 ) was a French colonist in Montreal .
Cosimo Sarli ( born 13 March 1979 ) is a well - travelled Italian footballer who plays as a striker .
Mike Bannister ( born 1949 ) is an airline pilot .
Russell Ohlsen ( born 1 December 1955 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and Collingwood in the VFL during the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Rob Grange ( born 1950 in Flint , Michigan , United States ) , is an American rock bass guitarist , best known for his work with Ted Nugent and his unique phase bass lines in the song `` Stranglehold '' .
Selin Sayek Böke ( born 1 January 1972 ) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) who has served as a Member of Parliament for İzmir 's second electoral district since 7 June 2015 .
Julian Claman ( 1918 -- April 24 , 1969 ) was an American actor , war correspondent , press agent , stage manager , TV writer / producer , playwright , and finally novelist .
Valeriya Khanina ( Ukrainian : Валерія Ханіна ; Russian : Валерия Ханина ; born 13 April 1999 in Donetsk ) is a Ukrainian rhythmic gymnast .
Zoran Ranković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Ранковић ; born 7 December 1969 in Belgrade ) is a retired Serbian international football player .
Deshabandu Muttiah Muralitharan ( also spelt Muralidaran ; born 17 April 1972 ) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who was rated the greatest Test match bowler ever by Wisden Cricketers ' Almanack in 2002 .
Sharie De Castro ( born 31 December 1991 in Road Town ) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss British Virgin Islands 2012 , was represented British overseas territory to the 2013 Miss Universe pageant .
Elizabeth M. Coggs ( born 1956 ; also known as Elizabeth Coggs - Jones ) is a Wisconsin Democratic politician .
Ryan Riess ( born June 21 , 1990 ) is an American professional poker player best known for winning the 2013 World Series of Poker Main Event .
Pierre de Camboust , duc de Coislin ( 1664 - -1710 ) was a duke and peer of France , succeeding his father .
Michael Schottenberg ( born 10 July 1952 ) is an Austrian actor , film director and screenwriter .
Irene Jelagat ( born 10 December 1988 ) is a Kenyan middle - distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres .
Simen Aanerud ( born 28 June 1981 ) is a Norwegian musician and inventor from Nes in Akershus .
Kathleen Annette ( born 1955 ) is a public health advocate from Minnesota .
Dr. Judit Czunyi - Bertalan ( born 6 August 1974 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Kisbér then Komárom ( Komárom - Esztergom County Constituency III ) since 2014 .
Hugh Leonard Thompson Murphy , best known as Lenny Murphy ( 2 March 1952 -- 16 November 1982 ) , was an Ulster loyalist from Belfast , Northern Ireland .
John Neergaard ( 11 November 1795 -- 15 June 1885 ) was a Norwegian farmer , bailiff , and politician .
Richard W. Sears , Jr. ( born 1943 ) is a Democratic member of the Vermont State Senate , representing the Bennington senate district .
Davor Badrov ( born 21 September 1992 ) is a Bosnian Croat pop - folk singer whose musical career started in 2007 , when he was 15 years old .
David Darom ( Hebrew : דוד דרום‎ ) ( born 1943 in Bombay , India ) , is a nature photographer .
Dominic Jephcott ( born 28 July 1957 ) is a RADA - trained English actor .
John Whitbourn ( born 1958 ) is an English author of novels and short stories focusing on alternative histories set in a ' Catholic ' universe .
Eddie Argos ( born Kevin Macklin 25 October 1979 ) is the lead singer of English rock band Art Brut .
David Patrick Griffin ( born 25 May 1945 ) , known professionally as Dave Lee Travis , is an English disc jockey , radio presenter and television presenter .
Kenny McDowall ( born 29 July 1963 ) is a Scottish football player and coach .
Ahmet Şimşirgil ( 1959 , Sinop - ) is a Turkish academic .
Beongcheon Yu ( born 1925 ) ( Hangul : 유병천 ) is the translator of Natsume Sōseki 's novel The Wayfarer and author of a critical study on Soseki .
Jock Archibald ( 25 August 1895 -- unknown ) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Darlington , Grimsby Town and Newcastle United .
Murray M. Harris ( 1866 - -1922 ) is considered to be the `` Father of Organ Building in the American West '' , and is remembered for building pipe organs of exceptional beauty and quality .
Džej Ramadanovski ( Serbian Cyrillic : Џеј Рамадановски , born 29 April 1964 ) is a popular Serbian singer .
Maria Charles ( born 22 September 1929 ) is an English film , television and stage actress , director and comedienne .
Vicki DaSilva ( born c. 1960 ) is an American light painter and graffiti artist .
John Mortlock ( 1755 - -1816 ) was a British banker , Member of Parliament and 13 times mayor of Cambridge .
Vitaliy Komarnytskyi ( Ukrainian : Віталій Станіславович Комарницький , born 2 August 1981 in Vinnytsya , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian footballer who participated in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Cup .
Padma Venkatraman , also known as T. V. Padma ( born 1969 ) is a children 's author from India .
Richard T. Morrison ( born 1967 in Hutchinson , Kansas ) is a judge of the United States Tax Court .
Andrea Spofford ( 1986 - -present ) is an American poet , essayist , and professor .
Vernon Weiss ( born 1951 ) was a key person in the development of the Dell XPS computer line at Dell and was the director of the computer line at Packard Bell .
Samuel Brandram ( 1824 - -1892 ) was an English barrister , known for his later career as a professional reciter of drama .
Yehoshua Rokeach ( 1825 -- February 3 , 1894 ) , known as the Ohel Yehoshua , was the second Rebbe of the Belz Hasidic dynasty .
Janet Kisa ( born 5 December 1992 ) is a Kenyan middle- and long - distance runner who competes in track , cross country , and road running events .
Ron Prosor ( Hebrew : רון פרושאור ; born 11 October 1958 ) is an Israeli diplomat , writer , and columnist .
Fakhruddin G. Ebrahim , TI ( Urdu : فخر الدين جى ابراهيم ; born 12 February 1928 ) is a Pakistani retired judge and a legal expert .
Carlos Guillermo Haydon Otamendi ( born 25 March 1976 ) is a Venezuelan actor and model known for his role in telenovelas .
Gianni Motta ( born 13 March 1943 ) is an Italian former bicycle racer who won the 1966 Giro d'Italia .
Jenny Buckley ( born 1979 ) is an Irish actress and television presenter , who is currently the main weather presenter on UTV Ireland , a position she has held since the channel 's launch in January 2015 .
Leif Preus ( 18 February 1928 -- 5 May 2013 ) was a Norwegian photographer and museum founder .
Claës Ture Wersäll ( 12 August 1883 -- 18 December 1965 ) was a Swedish gymnast who won a bronze medal in the tug of war event at the 1906 Summer Olympics .
Kenneth Cortsen ( born 25 April 1976 ) is a Danish sport management researcher from Aarhus School of Business , Aarhus University and Associate Professor from University College of Northern Denmark ( UCN ) , Department of Sport Management .
Derek Abbott ( born 3 May 1960 , in South Kensington , London , UK ) is a physicist and electronic engineer .
Stefano Denswil ( born 7 May 1993 ) is a Dutch footballer of Surinamese descent who plays as a centre back for Club Brugge in the Belgian Pro League .
Jia Zhibang ( Chinese : 贾治邦 ; born November 1946 ) is a Chinese politician , who served between 2005 and 2012 as the Director of State Forestry Administration .
Hans Stanley PC ( 23 September 1721 -- 12 January 1780 ) was a British diplomat and statesman .
Shafqat Ali Khan ( born 17 June 1972 ) is a classical singer from Pakistan .
Julian Cochran ( born 14 June 1974 ) is an English - born Australian composer .
Gela Inalishvili ( born 3 October 1966 ) is a former Soviet and Georgian footballer .
Richard McSherry ( 21 November 1817 in Martinsburg , Virginia ( now West Virginia ) -- 7 October 1885 in Baltimore ) was an American physician , one of the founders of the Baltimore Academy of Medicine and its first president .
Damyan Georgiev ( Bulgarian : Дамян Георгиев ) , ( born 18 January 1950 ) is a former Bulgarian football ( soccer ) player .
György Kossuth de Udvard et Kossuthfalva ( Slovak : Juraj Košút , 1781 , Kossuth - 31 July 1849 , Kossuth ) was a Hungarian nobleman , an agronomist and a supporter of the Slovak national movement .
Abdull Ghafar Khan ( born 21 July 1962 ) , better known as Phillip Khan , is a Hong Kong businessman and political activist .
Ezra Thayre ( also spelled Thayer ) ( October 14 , 1791 - -Unknown ) was an early convert and leader in the Latter Day Saint movement .
Blake Shinn ( born 26 September 1987 ) is an Australian jockey , whose first big win was the 2008 Melbourne Cup on Viewed .
Jean Nicolas Collignon ( 1762 - -?1788 ) was a gardener and botanist from the Jardin du Roi who served on the La Pérouse expedition to the South Seas ( 1785 - -?1788 ) .
Kobi Refua ( Hebrew : קובי רפואה‎ , born 3 September 1974 ) is a former Israeli footballer and currently a joint - manager of Maccabi Petah Tikva .
Catherine Fillol ( or Filliol ) ( c. 1507 - c.1535 ) was the daughter and co - heiress of Sir William Fillol ( 1453 - 9 July 1527 ) , of Woodlands , Horton , Dorset , and of Fillol 's Hall , Essex .
Jon Aberasturi Izaga ( born 28 March 1989 ) is a Spanish cyclist , who last rode for the Euskadi team .
Taylor Antrim ( born 1974 ) is a writer and editor best known for his novels The Headmaster Ritual and Immunity .
Saif al - Islam Gaddafi ( Arabic : سيف الإسلام معمر القذافي‎ ; born 25 June 1972 ) is a former Libyan political figure .
David Dabydeen ( born 9 December 1955 ) is a Guyanese - born critic , writer , novelist and academic .
Edward af Sillén ( born 1982 ) is a Swedish comedy writer , screenwriter and director .
Klaas de Boer ( born 6 January 1942 , Kollum ) is a retired U.S. soccer player and coach .
Gavrail Panchev ( born 15 October 1954 in Stamboliyski ) is a Bulgarian author , researcher and publicist .
Klodian Duro ( born 21 December 1977 in Tiranë ) is an Albanian professional football coach and former player who is current manager of Albanian Superliga club FK Kukësi .
Ray Lampkin , Jr. ( born 1948 in Portland , Oregon ) is a retired professional boxer who lost the 1975 World Boxing Association ( WBA ) lightweight title fight against Roberto Durán in Panama .
Michael Hermanussen ( born 26 April 1955 in Hamburg ) is a German pediatrician and professor at the University of Kiel .
C. Saravanakarthikeyan ( Tamil : சி. சரவணகார்த்திகேயன் ) ( born 13 August 1984 ) , known as CSK is a Tamil writer .
Tankei ( 湛慶 1173 -- June 13 , 1256 ) was a Japanese sculptor of the Kei school , which flourished in the Kamakura period .
Khalil Hamra ( born 1979 , Kuwait ) is an Arab photojournalist based on Rafah in the Gaza Strip .
Marcella Mancini ( born 5 September 1971 ) is an Italian long - distance runner who specialises in the marathon .
Mavie Marcos ( born 29 April 1978 ) is an American singer and songwriter , currently residing near San Francisco , California .
Mykola Bahrov ( also as Nikolai Bagrov ) ( 26 October 1937 -- 21 April 2015 ) was a Ukrainian and Soviet academician and politician .
Rade Šerbedžija ( Serbo - Croatian pronunciation : ( rǎːde ʃerbědʒija ) ; born 27 July 1946 ) , occasionally credited as Rade Sherbedgia in some English language productions , is a Croatian actor , director and musician of Serbian ethnicity .
Si Tianfeng ( Chinese : 司天峰 , Sī Tiānfēng , born 17 June 1984 ) is a Chinese race walker .
Neill Blomkamp ( born 17 September 1979 ) is a South African - Canadian film director , film producer , screenwriter , and animator .
Max Lilja ( born 27 October 1975 ) is a Finnish cello player .
Revital Swid ( Hebrew : רויטל סויד‎ ; born 17 August 1967 ) is an Israeli criminal defense lawyer and politician .
Jason Barry ( born 14 December 1972 ) is an Irish actor best - known for his portrayal of Tommy Ryan in the 1997 blockbuster Titanic .
Nick Gillard ( born 1959 ) is a British stunt man and coordinator .
Hallie Ephron ( born March 1948 ) is an American novelist , book reviewer , journalist , and writing teacher .
Obiora Udechukwu ( born 1946 ) is a Nigerian painter and poet .
Milton Halberstadt ( 1919 - -2000 ) had an illustrious career in fine art and commercial photography that spanned seven decades and left a body of work covering genres from abstract art to commercial photography .
Mina Anwar ( born 20 September 1969 in Church , near Accrington , Lancashire , England ) is an English actress .
Alexis Panisse ( born 21 June 1993 ) is a middle - distance runner of American - Dominican descent .
David Buttifant ( born 3 March 1964 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) in 1987 .
Fransiskus Xaverius Hadi Rudyatmo ( born 13 February 1960 ) or know F.X. Hadi Rudyatmo is an Indonesian politician and the current Mayor of Surakarta .
Peter Bolgar ( born 1936 ) is a British television and radio announcer , married since 1962 to Archers actress Angela Piper .
Mata Gabin is an actress , author , and actress of theatre , born in 1972 in Toulépleu , Côte d'Ivoire .
John Dorahy ( born 28 August 1954 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer and coach .
Alexis Savaidis ( born 1983 ) is an Australian radio personality on SAFM in Adelaide .
Tom Alvin ( born 21 April 1962 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented Carlton and Victoria .
Geoffrey Simmons ( born 1943 ) is a medical doctor , author , lecturer , trainer and intelligent design advocate from Eugene , Oregon .
Ashia Hansen , MBE ( born 5 December 1971 ) is a retired British triple jumper who competed internationally from 1994 to 2008 .
Jamie Courtney ( born 22 April 1988 in Ashington , Northumberland ) is an English motorcycle speedway rider .
Sheng Peng ( Chinese : 盛鹏 ; pinyin : Shèng Péng ; born 9 February 1989 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Guizhou Renhe in the Chinese Super League .
Pippa Mann ( born 11 August 1983 ) is a British racing car driver , who competes in the Verizon IndyCar Series .
Karine Vanasse ( born 24 November 1983 ) is a French Canadian actress , who had roles in the films Polytechnique , Séraphin :
Jay Bista ( born 23 December 1995 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Mumbai in domestic cricket .
John Christian Langli ( born 1961 ) is a Norwegian economist , and Professor at the BI Norwegian Business School .
Peter - Frans Pauwels ( born June 1965 ) is a Dutch entrepreneur .
Stanislav George Djorgovski ( born 1956 ) is an American astrophysicist .
Gocha Gujabidze ( Georgian : გოჩა გუჯაბიძე ; born 7 July 1971 ) is a retired Georgian professional football player .
Janko Prunk ( pronunciation ) ( born 30 December 1942 ) is a Slovenian historian of modern history .
Edward Maya ( born Eduard Marian Ilie ; 29 June 1986 ) is a Romanian DJ , musician , producer , performer , and composer .
Jayathri Ranjani Samarakone ( born 18 September 1953 ) is a Sri Lankan accountant , lawyer and diplomat .
Raphael Hamburger ( born 2 April 1981 ) is a French producer and a soundtrack music supervisor .
Sir William Lockhart of Lee ( 1621 - -1675 ) , after fighting on the side of Charles I in the English Civil War , attached himself to Oliver Cromwell , whose niece he married , and who later appointed Lockhart commissioner for the administration of justice in Scotland in 1652 .
Josephine Lovett ( 21 October 1877 -- 17 September 1958 ) was an American scenario writer , adapter , screenwriter and actress , active in films from 1916 to 1935 .
Pedro Ferrer Mula ( 1908 - date of death unknown ) , was a Cuban footballer that played in Iberia Havana .
August Mentz ( 5 December 1867 -- 5 November 1944 ) was a Danish botanist , peat extraction and moor reclamation expert and a pioneer in nature conservation .
Cho Man - sik ( Korean : 조만식 , pen - name Kodang ) ( 1 February 1883 -- October ? 1950 ) was a nationalist activist in Korea 's independence movement .
Nikola Čačić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Чачић , pronounced ( ˈnikola ˈtʃâ : tʃitɕ ) ; born 7 December 1990 ) is a Serbian professional tennis player .
Alain Touwaide ( born 19 September 1953 in Brussels - Berchem Sainte Agathe ) is a US historian of medicine and sciences of Belgian origin currently teaching a course for the Fall Quarter at the University of California Los Angeles .
Quan Yeomans ( born 12 December 1972 ) is an Australian musician best known as the frontman of critically acclaimed and the multi - ARIA Music Award winning band Regurgitator .
Valentina Tutayeva ( Russian : Валентина Тутаева ; born 1953 ) is a Russian swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships ; individually , she finished fourth in the 200 m butterfly event .
Jan Krzysztof Bielecki ( ' jan ˈkʂɨʂtɔf bʲɛˈlɛt͡skʲi ) ( born 3 May 1951 ) is a Polish liberal politician and economist .
Mykhaylo Radionov ( born 9 September 1984 ) is a retired track cyclist from Ukraine .
Angela Maurer ( born 27 July 1975 ) is a German long - distance swimmer .
Jeanne Tomasini ( born June 25 , 1920 ) is a Corsican writer of historical novels .
Rrahman Morina ( Serbian : Rahman Morina , Рахман Морина ) , ( 1943 -- 12 October 1990 ) , was a Yugoslav police officer and political figure of Kosovo - Albanian origin .
Alison Peebles ( born 1953 ) is an award - winning Scottish actress , director , and writer in theatre , film , and television .
Ilana Dayan - Orbach ( Hebrew : אילנה דיין‎ ; born 8 May 1964 ) is an Israeli investigative journalist , anchorwoman , and attorney .
Jonathan Saunders ( born 1977 ) is a Scottish fashion designer , known for his work with prints and use of traditional silk screening techniques .
Peter Paul Francis Degrand ( 1787 - 1855 ) or P.P.F. Degrand was a French - born broker and merchant in Boston , Massachusetts , in the 19th - century .
Matthew Freud ( born 2 November 1963 ) is head of Freud Communications , an international public relations firm in the United Kingdom .
Kevin Mattson ( born 1966 ) is an American historian and critic .
Mark Applebaum ( born 1967 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American composer and associate professor of music composition and theory at Stanford University .
Qiao Zhenyu ( born 1 November 1978 ) is a Chinese actor best known for appearing in various Chinese television series , including :
Jiří Orság ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɪr̝iː ˈorsaːk ) ; born 5 January 1989 in Znojmo ) is a Czech weightlifter .
Richard Pierpoint ( Bundul c. 1744 - Canada c. 1837 ) , also known as Black Dick and Captain Dick , was born about 1744 in Bundu in what is now Senegal .
Giuliano Sonzogni ( born 2 February 1949 ) is an Italian football manager , currently of Ciliverghe Mazzano .
René Sterckx ( born 18 January 1991 ) is a Belgian professional football player with Spanish roots who currently plays for Cercle Brugge in the Belgian Second Division .
Torbjørn Digernes ( born 30 March 1947 in Ørsta ) is a Norwegian physicist and Professor of marine systems design .
Margaretha Geertruida `` Margreet '' MacLeod ( née Zelle ; 7 August 1876 -- 15 October 1917 ) , better known by the stage name Mata Hari , was a Dutch Frisian exotic dancer and courtesan who was convicted of being a spy and executed by firing squad in France under charges of espionage for Germany during World War I.
Thomas E. Latimer ( 1879 - -1937 ) was an American lawyer who served as the Minnesota Farmer - Labor Party mayor of Minneapolis , Minnesota from 1935 to 1937 .
Melissa McClelland ( born c. 1979 ) is an American - born Canadian singer - songwriter who lived in Hamilton , Ontario , in her youth and now bases her career from Toronto .
George Michael James Giles ( 1853 - 1916 ) was an English surgeon and entomologist who specialised in mosquitoes .
Kevin Wilkin ( born 1 October 1967 ) is an English manager and former professional footballer .
Nava Arad ( Hebrew : נאוה ארד‎ , born 4 December 1938 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1981 and 1992 , and again from 1995 until 1996 .
Henry John Pearson , FRGS ( 29 August 1850 , Chilwell , Nottinghamshire - 8 February 1913 ( aged 62 ) , Asyut , Egypt ) was a British ornithologist , naturalist , and explorer of the Far North of Europe .
Gregory Wheeler ( born 1968 ) is an American logician , philosopher , and computer scientist , who specializes in formal epistemology .
Tyree Scott ( 1940 - -2003 ) was a labor leader and activist deeply involved in many minority workers '' and equal opportunity organizations .
Djana Mata ( born 13 August 1960 ) is an Albanian shooter who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympic Games and the 2000 Summer Olympic Games , her best finish was 11th .
Oleg Khvostov ( born 19 October 1972 ) is a Russian painter , representative of naïve art . Since 2001 he 's a member of the Russian Union of Artists and the Free Culture society since 2004 .
Stephen Motika ( born 1977 in Santa Monica , CA ) is an American poet , editor , and publisher .
Aloysius Paul D'Souza ( Konkani : अलोय्सिउस पौल डी सोझा ( Devanagari ) , ಎಲೋಷಿಯಸ್ ಪಾವ್ಲ್ ಡಿ'ಸೋಜಾ ( Kannada ) ; born 21 June 1941 ) is the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mangalore .
Bill Leader ( born 1929 ) is an English recording engineer and record producer .
Michael Goonan ( born 1967 ) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder and right wing - forward for the Tipperary senior team .
James Rowland Ward ( 1848 - -1912 ) was a British taxidermist and founder of the firm Rowland Ward Limited of Piccadilly , London .
Emil Marwa , born in 1974 , is a British actor , known for his acting in films like Izzat , East Is East , and The Guru .
Siti Nur Syatilla binti Amirol Melvin ( born 8 February 1991 ) , or professionally known as Syatilla Melvin is a Malaysian actress and a model .
Marika Rökk ( 3 November 1913 -- 16 May 2004 ) was an Egyptian - born singer , dancer and actress of Hungarian descent , who became famous in German films , notably in the Nazi era .
Ewa Rydell ( born 26 February 1942 ) is a retired Swedish artistic gymnast who won two medals at the 1963 European Championships .
Darlaine Mahealani Dudoit ( 1954 -- August 28 , 2002 ) was a Hawaiian poet , essayist and editor .
Jules Dervaes ( born 1947 ) is an urban farmer and a proponent of the urban homesteading movement .
Tom Christensen ( born 1966 ) is a former Canadian politician and lawyer .
Shelley von Strunckel ( born 15 July 1946 ) is a California - born sun sign astrologer with newspaper columns widely published in Europe , the Middle East , Australia and Asia .
Dr. Mathews Mar Severios ( born 12 February 1949 ) is a bishop of Indian Orthodox Church .
Anders Berglund ( born 21 July 1948 , in Södermalm , Stockholm ) is a Swedish arranger , composer , conductor , pianist and musician .
Annie Lambert ( born 3 January 1946 ) is a British actress , best known to fans of the science fiction television series Doctor Who for her role as Enlightenment in the 1982 serial Four to Doomsday .
Alf Reidar Jacobsen ( born 21 February 1950 ) is a Norwegian journalist , non - fiction writer , novelist , crime writer and biographer .
Wardina Safiyyah Fadlullah Wilmot ( born 5 June 1979 ) in Kuala Lumpur is a Malaysian actress , model and Host .
Emilio Butragueño Santos ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eˈmiljo βutɾaˈɣeɲo ˈsantos ) ; born 22 July 1963 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker .
Hans Neleman ( born 30 May 1960 , Vlaardingen ) is a Dutch - born international photographer and film director residing in Connecticut and working in New York City .
Emiliano Strappini Allen ( born 4 September 1986 in Armstrong ) , commonly known as Emiliano Strappini , is an Argentine amateur footballer .
Colin Fennelly ( born 25 August 1989 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a corner - forward for the Kilkenny senior team .
Marie Solo , also known as Soleil Diva ( born 13 July 1956 ) , is a DR Congolese soukous singer , dancer , producer , and composer .
Cynthia Rylant ( born 6 June 1954 ) is an American author and librarian .
Karen Kornbluh ( born 1963 ) is Executive Vice President of External Affairs at Nielsen .
Birgit Kober ( 10 July 1971 ) is a German Paralympic athlete .
Ivan Čermak ( born 19 December 1949 ) is a Croatian businessman , politician and former general .
Anne Dunn ( born 4 September 1929 ) is an English artist associated with the second generation of the School of London .
Rosa García Ascot ( 8 April 1902 in Madrid -- 2 May 2002 in Torrelaguna , Madrid ) was a Spanish composer and pianist .
Don Paterson , OBE , FRSL ( born 1963 ) is a Scottish poet , writer and musician .
Hector Hugh Munro ( 18 December 1870 -- 14 November 1916 ) , better known by the pen name Saki , and also frequently as H. H. Munro , was a British writer whose witty , mischievous and sometimes macabre stories satirize Edwardian society and culture .
Annamária Tóth ( née Kovács born 14 September 1945 ) is a Hungarian athlete who competed in various disciplines .
Peter Brenchley ( 23 October 1936 -- 23 April 1991 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the late 1950s .
Joo Hyong - jun ( Hangul : 주형준 , born 22 April 1991 ) is a South Korean speed skater .
Gina Birch ( born 1955 ) is an English musician and filmmaker , probably best known as a founding member of The Raincoats .
Karl Bischoff ( 9 August 1897 -- 2 October 1950 ) was a German architect , engineer and SS - Sturmbannführer .
Sergio Castellitto ( born 18 August 1953 ) is an Italian actor , film director , and screenwriter .
Abdoulaye Soulama ( born 29 November 1979 in Banfora ) is a Burkinabé football player who currently plays for Hearts of Oak SC .
Marco Valotti ( born 13 November 1995 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Renate as a forward .
Giacomo Damiani ( August 1871 , Portoferraio - 1944 ) was an Italian ichthyologist and ornithologist Born into a wealthy family on Elba island , Giacomo Damiani graduated from the University of Genoa and became a teacher of Natural Sciences in secondary schools .
Rampal Singh ( born 1 September 1930 Village Sikta Siddarthnagar district ) is an Indian politician , belonging to Bhartiya Janata Party .
Henk Grim ( born 1 April 1962 ) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played for De Treffers , NEC , Den Bosch and AZ , as a striker .
François Picquet ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁɑ̃swa pikɛ ) ; 4 December 1708 -- 15 July 1781 ) was a Sulpician priest who came to Montreal from France in 1734 .
Frank Chikane ( born 3 January 1951 in Bushbuckridge , Transvaal ) is a South African civil servant , writer and cleric .
Lex Gold , CBE ( born 14 December 1940 in Lanark , Scotland ) is an administrator and former footballer who was a director of Caledonian MacBrayne as of 2012 .
Michael Ying or Ying Lee Yuen ( Chinese : 邢李㷧 ; born December 1949 ) is a Hong Kong billionaire businessman and philanthropist .
Michael Panckridge ( born 1962 ) is an Australian author who writes fictional sport novels for children .
Kazuo Ietani ( born 25 August 1977 ) is a Japanese long - distance runner who specializes in the half marathon .
Simon Stevenson ( born 18 February 1972 ) is an English darts player who has competed on both the BDO and PDC circuits .
Graham Liptrot ( born 8 July 1955 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and ' 80s , playing at representative level for England , and at club level for St. Helens , as a Hooker , i.e. number 9 , during the era of contested scrums .
Steven Mintz ( born 1953 ) , is an American historian , Executive Director of the University of Texas System 's Institute for Transformational Learning and a professor of history at the University of Texas at Austin .
Cheryl Dumesnil ( born 1969 ) is an American author , poet and editor .
August Willem Philip Weitzel ( The Hague , 6 January 1816 -- 29 March 1896 ) was a military officer who served as Dutch Minister of War for two cabinets , as well as Minister of Colonies in the interim Kabinet - Heemskerk Azn .
Richard Coote , 1st Earl of Bellomont ( sometimes spelled Bellamont , 1636 -- 5 March 1700/1 ) , known as The Lord Coote between 1683 and 1689 , was a member of the English Parliament and a colonial governor .
Edoardo Vianello ( born 24 June 1938 ) is an Italian singer , composer and actor .
Basil Ringrose ( about 1653 ) was an English buccaneer , navigator , geographer and author .
Mitchell Block ( born c. 1950 ) is an American filmmaker whose 2010 film Poster Girl was nominated for Academy Award for Best Documentary ( Short Subject ) and who Executive Produced the Academy Award winning documentary short film Big Mama for HBO in 2000 .
Sudjai Cook ( born 27 June 1976 ) is an Australian rules footballer who has played in the Australian Football League for the Adelaide Crows .
Sotis Volanis ( Greek : Σώτης Βολάνης , born in 1971 ) is a Greek singer .
Slade Blackwell ( born June 14 , 1968 ) is a Republican member of the Alabama Senate for the 15th district , encompassing Jefferson County and Shelby County .
Janne Stange ( born 24 June 1986 ) is a Norwegian football defender who grew up on the west - coast island of Karmøy near Haugesund .
William Thomas Waggoner ( 1852 - -1934 ) was an American rancher , oilman , banker , horsebreeder and philanthropist from Texas .
Edoardo Cicorini ( born 7 August 1967 ; better known as Edoardo Costa ) is an Italian - born fashion model , actor and entrepreneur .
Kristin Skogen Lund ( born 11 August 1966 ) is the Director general of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise .
Matthew Selt ( born 7 March 1985 ) is an English professional snooker player originally from Romford and now living in Atherstone and playing out of the Atack snooker Centre in Nuneaton .
Nikki Hemming ( born 1967 ) is the CEO and part owner of Sharman Networks and President of LEF Interactive , an agency based in Sydney , Australia , responsible for promoting and developing Kazaa , a peer - to - peer file sharing network , since 2002 .
Bert Deacon ( 8 November 1922 -- 3 January 1974 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Václav Drobný ( 9 September 1980 -- 28 December 2012 ) was a Czech footballer who notably played for Sparta Prague having spent time in their youth team as well as spells at Czech , Slovakian , French and German sides .
Yang Zhen ( simplified Chinese : 杨震 ; traditional Chinese : 楊震 ; pinyin : Yáng Zhèn ; born 26 September 1967 ) is a Chinese fencer .
Matthew Branton ( born 1968 ) is a British novelist and author .
Ao Li ( born 8 February 1988 ) is a Chinese operatic bass - baritone and voice teacher who is particularly known for his performances at the San Francisco Opera .
Lewis Henry Lavenu ( 1818 - -59 ) was an English composer , conductor , musician and impresario .
Andrea Gervasoni ( born 21 July 1975 ) is an Italian professional football referee who officiates primarily in the Serie A.
Carleton Rea ( 7 May 1861 -- 26 June 1946 ) was an English mycologist , botanist , and naturalist .
Laura Norton ( born 19 June 1983 ) is an English actress from Newcastle upon Tyne best known for her role in ITV 's Yorkshire based soap opera , Emmerdale as Kerry Wyatt .
Tom De Haven ( born 1949 ) is an American author , editor , journalist , and writing teacher .
Emily Bold ( born 2 March 1980 ) is a German author who lives in Bavaria .
Alexander Zeldin ( born 24 April 1985 ) is a British theatre writer and director .
Bradley McCuaig ( born 12 December 1970 , in Calgary , Alberta ) is a retired Canadian sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres .
Andrés Manuel Carretero ( 1927 - -2004 ) was an Argentine essayist and self - taught historian .
Leandro José de Flores ( 1776 - -1839 ) was a Spanish priest and historian .
John Caspar Wild ( or J.C. Wild ) ( 1804-August 12 , 1846 ) was an American painter and lithographer .
Lieutenant - Colonel Edward Marten Dunne ( 27 August 1864 -- 23 February 1944 ) was a British army officer and Liberal politician .
James S. Snyder ( born 1952 ) is a museum director and art historian .
Katherine Stanhope , Countess of Chesterfield ( 1609 - -1667 ) was the governess and confidante of Mary , Princess Royal and Princess of Orange .
Mario Parmisano ( born 18 June 1960 ) is an Argentine virtuoso jazz and classical pianist .
Jack Clifford ( born 12 February 1993 ) is a rugby union player for the England national rugby union team and Premiership side Harlequins .
Mitchell Fields ( né Mendel Feldman ) was born on September 28 , 1901 in a small village near Iaşi , Romania ; he was the third of five sons of Marku Feldman and Tova Felderman .
Roxanne Fontana ( born Roseann Fontana 2 September 1959 ) is a dual - national Italian American author , singer , songwriter , musician , recording artist , poet , actress , and clothing and jewelry designer .
Jan Vincents Johannessen ( born 25 May 1941 ) is a Norwegian physician , cancer researcher , hospital director , painter , text writer and composer .
Alexis Rufus ( born 28 April 1979 ) is an English Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the bantamweight and featherweight divisions .
Larry Santos ( born 2 June 1941 in Oneonta , New York ) is an American pop music singer - songwriter .
Johann Pfeiffer ( 1 January 1697 - 1761 ) was a German violinist , concert master and composer of the late baroque period .
The Venerable Khenpo Karma Tharchin Rinpoche ( b. Spring , 1924 ) , widely known by his abbreviated name Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche , is a senior lama of the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism .
Zarina Bhimji ( born in 1963 ) is a Ugandan Asian photographer and film maker , who was nominated for the Turner Prize in 2007 .
Ahn Jae - hyun ( Hangul : 안재현 ; born 1 July 1987 ) is a South Korean actor and model .
Professor ( Mary ) Dominica Legge ( 26 March 1905 -- 10 March 1986 ) was a British scholar of the Anglo - Norman language .
Chris T - T ( born Christopher Thorpe - Tracey , 16 September 1974 ) is an English singer / songwriter based in Brighton .
David Matthew Macfadyen ( born 17 October 1974 ) is a BAFTA award - winning English actor , known for his roles as MI5 Intelligence Officer Tom Quinn in the BBC television drama series Spooks , Fitzwilliam Darcy in the 2005 film of Pride & Prejudice and Daniel in the Frank Oz comedy Death at a Funeral .
Shivendra Singh Dungarpur ( born 25 August 1969 ) is an Indian filmmaker , producer , film archivist and restorer .
Ana Maruščec ( born 31 August 1988 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian team handball player who plays for Alcoa FKC in right back position .
Shaun Timmins ( born 6 August 1976 in Kiama , New South Wales ) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Haukur Jón Gunnarsson ( born 5 July 1949 ) is an Icelandic theatre instructor and director .
Lahiru Madushanka ( born 12 September 1992 ) , is a Sri Lankan First Class left - handed batsman who bowls right - arm medium - fast .
Karl Wilfert ( born Vienna 1 July 1907 , died 8 March 1976 ) was chief of car body development at Daimler Benz AG between 1959 and 1976 .
Scott McGrory OAM ( born 22 December 1969 ) in the Victorian country town of Walwa is an Australian former professional racing cyclist .
Robert Edward Cruickshank VC ( 17 June 1888 -- 30 August 1961 ) was an Anglo - Canadian recipient of the Victoria Cross ( VC ) , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Lek Viriyaphant ( 1914 - November 17 , 2000 , Thai : เล็ก วิริยะพันธุ์ , sometimes referred to as Khun Lek ) was an eccentric Thai millionaire and patron of culture responsible for the construction of Ancient City , Erawan Museum and Sanctuary of Truth .
Edvard Peperko ( 1966 -- 27 June 1991 ) was a Slovene soldier .
Yew Cheng Hoe ( born 1943 ) is a former world - class Malaysian badminton player .
Iakob Apkhazava ( Georgian : იაკობ აფხაზავა ; born 30 May 1991 ) is a Georgian professional footballer .
Lars Thelander , born 1942 , is a Swedish biochemist .
David Gurevich was born as Vyacheslav Gurevich in Kharkov , Ukraine in 1951 .
Giacomo Rossetti ( Marone , 1807 - Brescia , 1882 ) is an Italian painter and photographer .
Sally Newmarch ( born 2 June 1975 ) is an Australian triple Olympic rower .
Wu Hui - ju ( simplified Chinese : 吴蕙如 ; traditional Chinese : 吳蕙如 ; pinyin : Wú Huìrú ; Wade -- Giles : Wu Hui - ju ; born 12 November 1982 ) is an athlete from Republic of China .
Erling Pedersen ( born 15 January 1947 ) is a Norwegian novelist , writer of short stories , and children 's writer .
Sophie Turner Laing ( born 7 September 1960 ) is a British businesswoman and media executive .
Ohad Talmor ( born 1970 in Lyon ) is a jazz saxophonist , flutist , clarinetist , composer , conductor and arranger .
Gordon Douglas Lipp ( born 1955 ) known as Doug Lipp is a consultant , speaker , and author based in Fair Oaks , California .
Samuel Dickenson ( 1733 -- May 15 , 1823 ) was a clergyman and botanist .
Moussa Bezaz ( Arabic : موسى بزاز ) ( born 30 December 1957 ) is a French - Algerian former footballer and football manager .
Fernando Peñalver ( 1765 - -1837 ) , was a Venezuelan independence leader and hero of the Venezuelan War of Independence .
Mithoon Sharma ( born 11 January 1985 ) is an Indian film music composer and singer .
Yang Kun ( Chinese : 杨坤 ; pinyin : Yáng Kūn ; born 18 December 1972 ) is a Chinese singer - songwriter .
Pauline Newman ( born June 20 , 1927 ) is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit .
Ole Kolterud ( 1 May 1903 , Nordre Land -- 6 December 1974 ) was a Norwegian skier .
Yang Huizhen ( Chinese : 杨会珍 ; born 13 August 1992 ) is a Chinese sprinter specialising in the 400 metres .
Dermot Kehilly ( born 1944 ) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a full - back for the Cork senior football team .
Charles d'Angennes de Rambouillet was born in the Château de Rambouillet on 30 October 1530 , the son of Jean d'Angennes , seigneur of Rambouillet , governor of Dauphiné .
David Gooderson ( born 24 February 1941 ) is an English actor who has appeared in several television roles .
Elizabeth Sophia Tomlins ( 1763 - -1828 ) , was born in 1763 .
Erkka Petäjä ( born 13 February 1964 ) is a Finnish former international footballer who earned 84 caps at international level between 1983 and 1994 .
Al Kresta ( born 1951 ) is a Catholic broadcaster , journalist and author .
Harry Sparnaay ( born 14 April 1944 , Amsterdam ) is a noted Dutch bass clarinetist , composer , and teacher .
Maria Tereza Jorge Pádua ( born 8 May 1943 ) is a Brazilian ecologist and environmentalist .
Sudhakar Ram ( born 8 September 1960 ) , is the Group CEO and Managing Director of Mastek , a leading global software company , providing enterprise solutions to insurance , government , and financial services organizations worldwide .
Max Jensen ( * 1860 ; fl . until 1908 ) , was a German marine painter .
Marian Partington ( born 21 February 1948 ) is an English writer , and the sister of Lucy Partington , who was abducted by Fred and Rosemary West on 27 December 1973 and murdered by them in the final days of 1973 or the first days of 1974 .
Isaac Aaron ( 1804 - 1877 ) was an English - born physician who rose to prominence combating cholera outbreaks around his city of birth , Birmingham , during the 1830s .
Čedomir Antić , Ph.D. ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чедомир Антић , Serbian pronunciation : ( tʃɛ̌.dɔ.mir ǎːn.tiɕ ) ; born 9 October 1974 ) is a Serbian historian , political activist , and former student leader .
Stefano Bessoni ( born 14 September 1965 ) is an Italian filmmaker , stop - motion animator and illustrator .
Robert McGowan Littlejohn ( 1890 - 1982 ) was a Major general ( United States ) .
Wong Yan - lung , SC , JP ( born 1963 ) is a barrister and politician of Hong Kong .
Katarina Ivanovska ( Macedonian : Катарина Ивановска ; born 18 August 1988 ) is a Macedonian model and actress .
Karl Amon ( born 19 August 1995 ) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Lawrence Seeff ( born 1 May 1959 in Kensington , Johannesburg ) is a former South African First - class cricketer .
Cheikh El Avia Ould Mohamed Khouna ( born 1956 ) is a Mauritanian political figure .
Bojana Jovanovski ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бојана Јовановски ; born 31 December 1991 ) is a Serbian tennis player .
Vinny Mukendi ( born 12 March 1992 ) is an English - born Congolese footballer who plays as a striker .
Anatoli Starostin ( born 18 January 1960 ) is a former Soviet modern pentathlete and Olympic champion .
Goran Vojnović ( born 11 June 1980 ) is a Slovenian writer , poet , screenwriter and film director of Croatian origin .
Celeste McCollough Howard ( born 1927 ) is an American psychologist who conducts research in human visual perception .
Keith Skinner ( born 1 January 1949 ) is a British actor and crime historian and author .
David Benjamin Keldani or Dawud Benyamin ( 1867-c.1940 ) was a Catholic priest who converted to Islam and adopted the name Abd ul - Aḥad Dāwūd ( Arabic : عبد الأحد داود‎ ) .
James Clancy Phelan ( born 21 May 1979 ) , known professionally as James Phelan , is an Australian writer of thrillers and young adult novels , including Fox Hunt , The Last 13 series for teens , and the Jed Walker and Lachlan Fox thrillers .
Tony Gardner ( born 10 January 1964 ) is an English actor and doctor .
Ken Fraser ( born 17 February 1940 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the ( then ) Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Saúl García Ávila ( born 7 June 1986 ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays as a winger for Mexican side Atlante in the Primera División .
André Tarallo ( born in 1927 in Centuri , Haute - Corse ) , commonly known as Monsieur Africa , was a French businessman who worked as the top manager of African affairs for French petroleum company Elf Aquitaine from the late 1970s until his arrest in the 1990s for embezzlement .
Joseph Lord ( 30 June 1672 -- 1748 ) was a Puritan pastor in colonial America in the late 17th century and early 18th century .
John Mytton ( 30 September 1796 -- 29 March 1834 ) was a notable British eccentric and rake of the Regency period .
Mathias Autret ( born 1 March 1991 , in Saint - Thégonnec ) is a French football player currently playing for Ligue 2 club Lens .
Nenad Porges ( born 27 December 1946 in Zagreb , Croatia ) is a Croatian politician , businessman , entrepreneur and former Minister of Economy , Labour and Entrepreneurship .
Linda Klarfeld ( born 19 July 1976 ) is an Australian sculptor whose bronze and granite works of art focus on the human figure .
Lee Kun - fang ( Chinese : 李昆芳 ) ( born 1968 ) is a Taiwanese professional pool player .
Megan Whalen Turner ( born 1965 ) is an American writer of fantasy fiction for young adults .
Kathleen Rachel Makinson ( née White ) ( 15 February 1917 - 18 October 2014 ) was an Australian research scientist .
N. Katherine Hayles ( born 16 December 1943 ) is a postmodern literary critic , most notable for her contribution to the fields of literature and science , electronic literature , and American literature .
Johann Ernst Eberlin ( 27 March 1702 -- 19 June 1762 ) was a German composer and organist whose works bridge the baroque and classical eras .
Thomas Oosthuizen ( /ˈwɛst.haɪzɨn/ WEST - hy - zən ; born 2 April 1988 ) is a South African professional boxer .
Henry Fulton ( 1761 -- 17 November 1840 ) was an Irish - Australian clergyman and schoolmaster .
May Sun ( born 1954 ) is a Los Angeles - based artist known primarily for her public art projects .
Marcus St Hilaire ( born 26 January 1977 ) is a retired English rugby league player who represented Ireland and played for Oldham .
Father Ignatius Krekshino ( Russian : Ignatij Krekschin , born in 1956 ) is a Russian Greek - Catholic priest and Father Superior .
Patricia Szölösi ( born 12 April 1991 in Tatabánya ) is a Hungarian handballer who was most recently under contract with Győri Audi ETO KC .
Tony Scoggo ( born Anthony Scoggins on 6 May 1936 ) is a British actor best known for his role in the television soap opera Brookside .
Ilir Biturku ( born 4 February 1968 ) is a retired Albanian footballer who formerly served as head coach of Teuta Durrës football club in the Albanian Superliga .
Marilyn Galsworthy ( born 1954 ) is a British actress , who acted for 15 years in the Royal Shakespeare Company , appearing opposite Patrick Stewart and Alfred Molina .
Edward Mirzoeff CVO , CBE ( born 11 April 1936 ) is a prominent British television producer and documentary filmmaker .
Danny Howells ( born 24 November 1970 ) is an English producer and DJ . His music is often described as progressive house , though he prefers to associate more with tech house and is sometimes described simply as `` deepsexyfuturistictechfunkouse '' .
Raiden Tameemon ( 雷電爲右衞門 ) , born Seki Tarokichi ( January 1767 - February 11 , 1825 ) is considered one of the greatest sumo wrestlers in history , although he was never promoted to yokozuna .
Leslie Dunkling ( born 1935 in West London ) is an author known for his authoritative work on names books , ranging from names people choose for their children to names of pubs .
Maurides Roque Junior commonly known as Maurides ( born 10 March 1994 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Internacional .
K. Newell Dayley ( born 1939 ) is a prominent Latter Day Saint composer , hymnwriter and musician .
Bill Kyme ( 4 December 1891 -- 19 November 1975 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jacob Fox ( born Jacob Licht in 1984 ) is an American mathematician .
Kady MacDonald Denton ( born 22 July 1941 ) is a Canadian creator of children 's books , primarily an illustrator of picture books .
Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa ( born 23 October 1989 ) is a Bahraini military officer and a member of the Bahraini royal family , Al Khalifa .
Max Richter ( born 22 March 1966 ) is a German - born British composer who has been an influential voice in post - minimalist composition and in the meeting of contemporary classical and alternative popular musical styles since the early 2000s .
Martin Tillman ( born 6 November 1964 ) is a Swiss cellist and composer .
Jud Newborn ( born in 1952 ) , is a New York - based author , lecturer , cultural anthropologist and curator .
Petar Jelić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пeтap Jeлић ; born 18 October 1986 ) is a Bosnian Serb international footballer who last played for Rad in Serbian SuperLiga .
Sir Alexander Matheson , 1st Baronet MP JP DL ( 16 January 1805 --26 July 1886 ) , China merchant , Liberal Member of Parliament , and railway entrepreneur .
Talitha Getty ( 18 October 1940 -- 14 July 1971 ) was an actress of Dutch extraction , born in the former Dutch East Indies , who was regarded as a style icon of the late 1960s .
Julian Gallagher ( born 17 July 1968 in Bromley , London ) is a British songwriter and record producer , known for helping Kylie Minogue on her 2001 album , Fever .
Subkhiddin Mohd Salleh ( born 17 November 1966 ) is a Malaysian retired football referee who currently resides in Parit Buntar .
Mohd Rizal Tisin ( born 20 June 1984 in Klang , Selangor ) is a Malaysian professional track cyclist .
Dale K. Myers ( born 1955 ) is a computer animator , author , and John F. Kennedy assassination researcher .
Jakob Benjamin Fischer ( 13 October 1731 - -25 July 1793 ) was a Baltic German naturalist and apothecary .
André Winkhold ( born 4 March 1962 ) is a German former footballer who is currently managing Borussia Brand .
Professor Beğlan Birand Toğrol ( born March 1927 in Istanbul ) is a Turkish scientist , best known for her contributions to medical and experimental psychology , some of which were led the way on other studies .
Bjørn Ransve ( born 16 December 1944 ) is a Norwegian painter and graphical artist .
Şerif Yenen ( born 17 May 1963 ) is a travel specialist , tour guide , travel writer , film - maker , international keynote speaker and lecturer .
Joseph Tassé ( 23 October 1848 -- 17 January 1895 ) was a Canadian writer , translator , and parliamentarian .
Parvez Bhatti ( born 1955 ) , is a Pakistani portrait painter from Karachi , Pakistan known for his portrait of Barack Obama 's family .
Anthony Delaplace ( born 11 September 1989 ) is a professional French road cyclist , currently riding for Fortuneo--
Roberto Concina ( born 3 November 1969 ) , better known by his stage name Robert Miles , is a Swiss - Italian record producer , composer , musician and DJ .
Walter Carmona ( born 21 June 1957 in Sao Paulo ) is a Brazilian judoka and Olympic medalist .
Octavian Drăghici ( born 26 November 1985 ) is a Romanian football player , under contract with Racing Beirut .
Alexis Martínez ( born 19 May 1991 in Salamanca , Guanajuato ) is a Mexican rifle shooter .
Olof Olsson ( 31 March 1841 - 12 May 1900 ) was a prominent Swedish - American Lutheran clergyman who served in several churches in the American Midwest .
Ben Mackey ( born 27 October 1986 ) is an English professional football player who is currently at Leamington .
Jangali Maharaj ( 1806 - 1890 ) , also known as Sadguru Jangali Maharaj or Guru Maharaj , was a Maharashtrian saint who lived in Pune , India , in the late 19th Century .
Hellmut Andics ( 25 August 1922 -- 19 August 1998 ) was an Austrian journalist , publicist and writer .
Timo Toots ( born 15 September 1982 , Tartu ) is an Estonians artist , mainly active in the field of interactive art and new media art . He is also the founder of project space Maajaam in Otepää .
Dr Jack Stanley Gibson ( 1909 - -2005 ) was an Irish surgeon remembered for having advocated the use of hypnosis as an alternative to anaesthetics , not only through his surgical practice , but also through popular phonograph records , books , and videotapes .
Hugo Stephenson ( born 22 March 1974 ) is an Australian doctor , biotech services entrepreneur and founder of MediGuard , Health Research Solutions and MedSeed .
Mertcan Demirer ( born 14 March 1993 in Kadıköy ) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a Midfielder for Aydınspor 1923 .
Thomas Jermyn , 2nd Baron Jermyn ( 10 November 1633 - 1 April 1703 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1679 until he inherited a peerage in the 1684 .
Stanisław Karolkiewicz ( nom de guerre Szczęsny ) ( 1918 - -2009 ) was born in 1918 in the Polish historical region of Podlasie .
Sir William Lok ( 1480 -- 24 August 1550 ) was a gentleman usher to Henry VIII and a mercer , alderman , and sheriff of London .
Teresa Bagioli Sickles ( 1836 - -1867 ) was the wife of Democratic New York State Assemblyman , U.S. Representative , and later U.S. Army Major General Daniel E. Sickles .
Melanie Pappenheim ( born 1959 ) is an English soprano singer and composer , notable for her vocal work with various British cross - disciplinary composers , with avant - garde theatre companies and on soundtracks ( notably for several films and the 2005 revival of Doctor Who ) .
Meir Finkelstein ( Hebrew : מאיר פינקלשטיין‎ ; born 1951 ) is a cantor and composer of contemporary Jewish liturgical music .
Yda Hillis Addis , ( born 1857 , disappeared 1902 ) was the first American writer to translate ancient Mexican oral stories and histories into English .
Roy Eisenhardt ( born 1939 ) is a lawyer and former president of the Oakland Athletics and member of the Haas family of San Francisco .
Liu Tienan ( born October 1954 ) is a former Chinese politician and senior economic official .
Paul Watrin ( 1876 - -1950 ) was a Belgian lawyer , Doctor of Law at University of Paris , advocate at the Paris Appeal Court , historian and writer .
Reiner Protsch ( von Zieten ) , born 14 January 1939 in Berlin , is a German anthropologist who published allegedly erroneous carbon dating data of human fossils .
Svein Ivar Sigernes ( born 4 February 1949 ) is a Norwegian former football player and coach .
Marinko Miletić ( born 8 October 1980 ) is a German football player of Croatian origin .
Bridget Holmes ( 1591 - -1691 ) was a domestic servant at the English royal court in the 17th century .
Martin Belinga Eboutou ( born 17 February 1940 ) is a Cameroonian political figure and diplomat who has been the Director of the Civil Cabinet of the Presidency of the Republic since 2009 .
Antoine Becks ( born Antoine Mercel Toupin ; 28 June 1981 ) is a Canadian - American Ex - child actor , musician , DJ , former singer of the live act duo Second Sun , and frontman of the alternative band CB7 .
Helmut Willke ( born 30 May 1945 , Tailfingen ) is a German sociologist who studies the effect of globalization on modern society .
Reverend George Fyler Townsend ( 1814 - -1900 ) was the translator of the standard English edition of Aesop 's Fables .
Noriko Higashide ( 東出典子 , born 22 July 1963 in Osaka , Japan ) is an actress .
Tadeusz Góra ( 19 January 1918 -- 4 January 2010 ) was a Polish glider and military pilot .
Reverend Billy C. Wirtz ( born William McLean Wirths in 1954 , Aiken , South Carolina , United States ) is an American blues musician , comedian and writer .
Juan Carlos Plata ( born 1 January 1971 ) is a Guatemalan retired football striker .
Gardiner Hannah ( 4 February 1871 -- after 1898 ) was a Scottish footballer who made 59 appearances in the Football League playing for Blackburn Rovers and Lincoln City .
Edith Gillian Harrison ( 1898 - -1974 ) , née Cooke , was a British architect .
Swatilekha Sengupta ( born 1950 ) is a Bengali stage actress .
Bruno Schiavi ( born 10 July 1972 ) is an Australian fashion designer and businessman .
Daniel Cifuentes Alfaro ( born 13 July 1980 ) , sometimes known as Cifu , is a Spanish footballer who play as a right back in Lincoln Red Imps .
Wesley Jobello ( born 23 January 1994 ) is a French football player who plays for French club Clermont in Ligue 2 .
David Hirson ( born 1958 ) is an American dramatist , best known for his award - winning Broadway comedies , La Bête and Wrong Mountain .
Tsepo Seturumane ( born 6 July 1992 ) is Mosotho international footballer who plays for Lioli as a striker .
Joel Stubbs ( born 30 December 1967 in Nassau , Bahamas ) is an IFBB professional bodybuilder .
Sharlee D'Angelo ( born Charles Petter Andreason , 27 April 1973 ) is the Swedish bassist for the melodic death metal band Arch Enemy , as well as the stoner metal band Spiritual Beggars .
Shay Avital Rapoport ( Hebrew : שי אביטל‎ ; born in 1952 ) is a Major General ( Ret . )
Valerie Caton ( born 12 May 1952 ) , was the British Ambassador to Finland 2006 - 2010 .
James Stanley , 7th Earl of Derby KG ( 31 January 1607 -- 15 October 1651 ) was a supporter of the Royalist cause in the English Civil War .
Michael Krausz ( born 1942 ) is a Swiss - born American philosopher as well as an artist and orchestral conductor .
Carl Dau ( 30 November 1942 , Toruń , Poland ) , is a German designer .
Karel Roden ( born 18 May 1962 ) is a Czech actor , popularly known for his roles in Hellboy and The Bourne Supremacy , and his voice work in Grand Theft Auto IV .
Annie Dookhan ( born 1977 ) is a former chemist in a Massachusetts crime lab who admitted to falsifying evidence affecting up to 34,000 cases .
Feng Yuanwei ( Chinese : 冯元蔚 ) ( 1930 - ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Max McMahon ( born 20 March 1942 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1960s .
Charles Nicol ( born 1940 ) is known primarily as an expert on the life and works of author Vladimir Nabokov , and also writes widely on fiction ( particularly science fiction and detective fiction ) and popular culture .
Mohsen Fakhrizadeh - Mahabadi ( born c. 1961 ) is an Iranian officer in the Iranian Revolutionary Guard and a Professor of physics at the Imam Hussein University , Tehran .
Charles of Provence ( 845 -- 24 January 863 ) was the Carolingian King of Provence from 855 until his early death in 863 .
Pierre Desrey de Troyes ( c. 1450 - -1514 ) was a French chronicler , historian , genealogist and translator .
Baron Pavao Rauch de Nyék ( 20 February 1865 , Zagreb -- 29 November 1933 , Martijanec ) was a Croatian politician who served as Ban ( viceroy ) of Croatia - Slavonia between 1908 and 1910 .
Lisa Franks ( born 6 April 1982 in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian paralympic athlete from competing mainly in category T52 wheelchair sprint events .
Yanki Margalit ( Hebrew : ינקי מרגלית‎ , born : 18 September 1962 Tel Aviv , Israel ) is an Israeli entrepreneur and speaker best known for starting Aladdin Knowledge Systems .
Sherab Zam ( 10 October 1983 ) is a Bhutanese archer .
Norma Heyman ( born 1940 ) is a British film producer and actress .
Jeremy Herbert , ( b. 1960 ) from London , is an international multi - media artist specializing in theatre design .
Henryk Cioch ( born 30 July 1951 in Lubaczów ) - Polish lawyer , lecturer , professor of law , senator .
Archibald McMurdo ( 24 September 1812 -- 11 December 1875 ) was a British naval officer , for whom Antarctica 's McMurdo Sound , McMurdo Station , McMurdo Ice Shelf , McMurdo Dry Valleys and McMurdo - South Pole Highway are named .
Anton de Kontski ( 27 October 1817 , Krakow -- 7 December 1899 ) was a Polish pianist and composer .
Robert E Fuller ( born 1972 ) is a British artist best known for his renditions of British fauna , rendered faithfully in oils , acrylic and bronze .
Martin Hubmann ( born 1989 ) is a Swiss orienteering competitor , world champion and European champion .
Romeo Filipović ( born 31 March 1986 ) is a German - born Croatian football player , who currently plays for Arizona United in the United Soccer League .
Stanislawa Dabrowski ( born 1926 ) is an Australian humanitarian .
Maroš Klimpl ( born 4 July 1980 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who plays with FK Kolín .
Kristian Bjørn ( 22 August 1919 in Alvdal -- 1 April 1993 ) was a Norwegian cross country skier who competed in the 1940s and 1950s .
Aaron Albert Carr ( born 1963 ) is a Laguna Pueblo / Navajo documentary film maker and author .
Anthony Parel ( born 1926 ) is a Canadian historian , author and academic .
Duke Friedrich of Württemberg ( Friedrich Philipp Carl Franz Maria Herzog von Württemberg ; born 1 June 1961 ) is the heir to the headship of the House of Württemberg .
Professor Gerry McCormac , FSA , FRSA , FHEA ( born 1 August 1958 ) is the Principal and Vice - Chancellor of the University of Stirling .
Şaban Erden who was born in Kırklareli in 1949 , is the Deputy Secretary General of the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality .
Fred Bridges ( born 1938 ) was an American record producer and musician .
Abu'l - Qāsim Halat ( 1919 - -1992 ) known as Abu'l - Aynak was a Persian Poet and satirist .
Charlotte Fich ( born 26 September 1961 ) is a Danish stage , film and television actress .
Åsa Bjerkerot ( born 12 May 1959 ) is a Swedish actor , comedian , writer and film director .
Brandie Knight was born in Ponca City , Oklahoma on September 17 , 1968 , and before her second birthday , she was a resident of Germany .
Silvestras Guogis ( born 2 March 1990 ) is a Lithuanian 400 metres hurdler and sprinter .
Giovanni Costigan ( 1905 - -1990 ) was a noted historian and specialist in Irish and English history .
Georgi Ajanovski ( Macedonian : Георги Ајановски ) , ( born 22 November 1940 , Edessa , Greece ) is a prominent Slavic Macedonian journalist .
Billy Drumley ( 1853 - -1951 ) was an Aboriginal Australian community leader whose regular long - distance walk was commemorated in a pilgrimage .
Thomas Fairland ( 1804 -- October 1852 ) was an English lithographer , engraver and portrait painter .
Moses C. Hanscom ( 1842 - July 26 , 1873 ) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War who received the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor .
Dražen Besek ( born 10 March 1963 ) is a Croatian coach and former professional football midfield player .
Govindas Vishnoodas Desani or G. V. Desani , ( 1909 - -2000 ) was a Kenyan - born , British - educated Indian writer and Buddhist philosopher .
Neil Kerr ( born 13 April 1871 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as an outside right .
Givanildo Pulgas da Silva ( born 3 January 1993 ) , commonly known as Giva , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker .
Igor Tikhomirov ( Russian : Игорь Тихомиров ) ( born 4 May 1963 ) is a Canadian ( former Soviet ) épée fencer .
William Baffin ( c. 1584 -- 23 January 1622 ) was an English navigator and explorer .
Sinéad Noonan ( born 1987 ) is an Irish model and actress who won Miss Ireland 2008 .
Snwazna Adams ( born 1987 in Providenciales ) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Turks and Caicos 2013 and represented the Turks & Caicos at the Miss Universe 2013 Pageant .
George Washington Cottle ( 1811 -- March 6 , 1836 ) was a Republic of Texas soldier who died at the Battle of the Alamo .
Harry Moyes ( 28 July 1896 -- 18 September 1968 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jacob Ben - Arie ( Hebrew : יעקב בן אריה‎ , born 1950 ) is a former Israeli paralympic champion .
Sara Hestrin - Lerner ( Hebrew : שרה הסטרין - לרנר ) ( born 1918 ) is a physiologist .
Guy Manning ( born 20 January 1957 in Leeds , Yorkshire , England ) is an English multi - instrumentalist and singer , best known for his own album releases and for his membership of progressive rock bands Parallel or 90 Degrees , The Tangent , The United Progressive Fraternity ( UPF ) and his own band , Manning .
Aaron Blabey ( born 1974 ) , an Australian author of children 's books and artist who until the mid-2000s was also an actor .
Freya Ostapovitch ( born 24 February 1956 ) is an Australian Liberal National politician who was the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Stretton from 2012 to 2015 .
Susan Oki Mollway ( born 1950 ) is the former Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii and the first Asian woman ever appointed to the federal bench .
Douglas H. Ubelaker ( born 1946 ) is an American forensic anthropologist .
Missy Robbins ( born 1971 ) is an American chef best known for holding a Michelin star at each of her two restaurants , and for being a contestant in series four of Top Chef Masters .
Olga Pasichnyk ( Ukrainian : Ольга Пасічник , Polish : Olga Pasiecznik ) , born 3 March 1968 , is a Polish - Ukrainian classical singer .
Igor Kashkarov ( Russian : Игорь Кашкаров ; born 5 May 1933 ) is a former Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the High Jump .
Josef Hader ( born 14 February 1962 ) is an Austrian comedian , actor , and writer .
Gordon Coleman ( born 11 February 1954 in Nottingham ) is an English footballer who played as a midfielder .
Gustavo Brambila ( 1953 - ) is a Mexican - American winemaker in the Napa Valley .
Nicola Pinna ( born 14 November 1974 in Milan , Italy ) is a chemist and professor at the Humboldt University of Berlin .
Sir George Philip Doolette ( 24 January 1840 -- 19 January 1924 ) was a mining entrepreneur and Chairman of the Western Australian Mine Owners ' Association .
Sarah Buck OBE ( born 3 January 1953 ) is an English structural and civil engineer and business woman with a successful career in engineering and construction .
Joanna Pettet ( born Joanna Jane Salmon , 16 November 1942 ) is a British actress , retired since 1990 .
Wayne Isham ( born 1958 ) is an American director who has directed music videos of many popular artists .
Dr Carl Curt Hosseus ( 1878 - 1950 ) was a German botanist born in Stromberg i m Thale , Rhineland .
Gerard Cosloy ( born 1964 ) is an American music industry executive .
Sarnath Banerjee ( born 1972 ) is an Indian graphic novelist , artist , and film maker and a co - founder of the comics publishing house , Phantomville .
Olga Pershankova ( Russian : Ольга Першанкова , born 18 January 1972 ) is a Russian ice dancer .
Milan Tepić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Тепић , January 26 , 1957 -- September 29 , 1991 ) was a Major in the Yugoslav People 's Army .
Sid Burrows ( born 27 October 1964 in Belfast ) is a retired footballer from Northern Ireland who played as a left winger .
Ché Ahn ( also known as Pastor Ché ; born 1956 ) is the head pastor of Harvest Rock Church in Pasadena , California , United States .
Michael Laski ( born circa 1942 ) was the founder of the Communist Party USA ( Marxist - Leninist ) , a splinter group of the Communist Party USA .
Doğan Güreş ( 15 February 1926 -- 14 October 2014 ) was a Turkish general and True Path Party politician .
Rajendra Persaud , also known as Raj Persaud ( born 13 May 1963 ) is an English consultant psychiatrist , broadcaster and author of popular books about psychiatry .
Binnya U ( Burmese : ဗညားဦး , pronounced : ( bəɲá ʔú ) ; 1323 - -1384 ) was the eighth king of Hanthawaddy Pegu , who ruled from 1348 to 1383 .
Voramai Kabilsingh ( Thai : วรมัย กบิลสิงห์ ; rtgs : Woramai Kabinsing ) , also called Ta Tao Fa Tzu , was born Lamai Kabilsingh ( Thai : ละมัย กบิลสิงห์ ; rtgs : Lamai Kabinsing ; 6 April 1908 ; died 23 June 2003 ) , was the first modern Thai bhikkhuni .
Rajesh Bhola ( born 26 December 1958 ) is a social worker , psychotherapist , journalist , author , columnist and writer on spiritual subjects from India .
Sir Gilbert Hoghton , 2nd Baronet ( 1591 -- April 1648 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1614 and 1640 .
Charles Blue Jacket ( 1817 - -1897 ) was a 19th - Century Shawnee chief in Kansas , as well as a Methodist minister .
Max Theiler ( 30 January 1899 -- 11 August 1972 ) was a South African - American virologist and doctor .
Doug Sauter ( born 1954 ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey coach .
Holicharan Narzary ( born 10 May 1994 ) in Assam , is an Indian footballer who plays as a striker or winger for Dempo in the I - League .
Tracy Shaw ( born 27 July 1973 , in Belper , Derbyshire ) is a British actress and singer .
Simeon Berry ( born 1973 in Guilford , Connecticut ) is a poet who authored the prize - winning collections Ampersand Revisited and Monograph .
Gabriel Gómez Michel ( 24 March 1965 -- 22 or 23 September 2014 ) was a Mexican paediatrician , academic , and politician affiliated to the PRI ; he served as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Jalisco .
José Monteiro , commonly known as Costuras , ( 23 October 1913 -- ? ) was a professional football player .
Reuben Colley ( born 1976 ) is an artist who paints in oils .
Juliette Wytsman ( née Trullemans ; 14 July 1866 -- 8 March 1925 ) was a Belgian impressionist painter .
Izza Kizza ( born Terry Davis in 1981 ) is an American hip - hop musician , rapper and MC , currently signed to Timbaland 's Mosley Music Group label .
Mya Thwin , known as Mother Sayamagyi ( Burmese : မြသွင် , pronounced : ( mja̰ θwɪ̀ɴ ) ; born 12 March 1925 ) is a Theravada Buddhist teacher who has established centers for vipassana meditation around the world .
Vladimir Vermezović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владимир Вермезовић ; born 30 June 1963 ) is a Serbian football former player and current coach .
Claire Rochester ( May 10 , 1893 - April 16 , 1921 ) was a vaudeville performer .
Valentini Grammatikopoulou ( Greek : Βαλεντίνη Γραμματικοπούλου ; born 9 February 1997 ) is a Greek tennis player .
Detective Sergeant Jack Christey ( John Edward Christey , born 10 September 1954 ) was a fictional character from the police series Water Rats .
Deborah Babashoff ( born 1970 ) is an American former competition swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 800-meter freestyle event at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships .
Richard J. F. Day ( born c. 1964 ) is a Canadian political philosopher and sociologist .
Giovanni Battaglin ( born 22 July 1951 ) is an Italian professional road racing cyclist .
Tom New ( T ) ( born 18 January 1985 in Sutton in Ashfield , Nottinghamshire ) is an English cricketer .
Taylor Canfield ( born 5 February 1989 ) is a United States Virgin Islands sailor competing in match racing .
Ben Barkow ( born 1956 ) is the director of the Wiener Library for the Study of the Holocaust and Genocide and a writer .
Philippe Pot ( 1428 - -1493 ) was a Burgundian nobleman , military leader , and diplomat .
Ernie Weckbaugh ( born July 1931 in Beverly Hills , California - October 20 , 2010 ) was a former actor and comedian who was an original cast member of the Our Gang comedies , where he played the uncredited role of `` Stinkey '' .
Maurizio Pellegrino ( born 1 March 1966 ) is a retired Italian professional football player and coach .
Martin Herdman ( born 24 July 1956 ) is an English actor , boxer , and professional rugby league player .
Jennifer Fowler ( born 14 April 1939 ) is a British composer of Australian birth .
Peter Byaruhanga ( born 18 August 1979 ) is a Ugandan former professional soccer player , active primarily in the United States , who played as a striker .
Prince João Maria of Orléans - Braganza ( 15 October 1916 - -26 June 2005 ) was a French - born Brazilian soldier , pilot and airline executive .
Chris Hunsinger ( born 23 October 1962 ) is a South African politician , a Member of the South African Parliament with the Democratic Alliance ( South Africa ) and appointed by the new Leader of the Opposition Mmusi Maimane as the Shadow Deputy Minister of Transport .
Nils - Axel Mörner ( born 1938 ) , is the former head of the paleogeophysics and geodynamics department at Stockholm University .
Darwin Hindman ( born 1933 ) is the most recent former mayor of Columbia , Missouri .
Dato ' David Hew Choong Jeng ( born 22 November 1968 ) is a Malaysian - born Australian entrepreneur .
Kirtie Ramdas ( born 1980 in Leiden ) is a Dutch television presenter and actress of Indo - Surinamese descent and mostly known for her work for the Dutch TV show Ch@tney.nl for the OHM and television presenter for SchoolTV for the NTR .
José Ignacio de Sanjinés Barriga ( 1786 -- August 15 , 1864 ) was a Bolivian poet and legislator .
Wil Haygood ( born 1954 in Columbus , Ohio ) is an American journalist and author who is known for his 2008 Washington Post article `` A Butler Well Served By This Election '' , about Eugene Allen , which served as the basis for the 2013 movie The Butler .
Adela Demetja ( 1984 in Tirana ) is an Albanian independent art curator .
Stephen Beus ( born 1982 , Othello , Washington , United States ) is an American pianist .
Amy Argetsinger ( born 1968 ) is an editor for the Style section of the Washington Post .
Vladimir Megre ( Влади́мир Никола́евич Мегре́ ) ( born 23 July 1950 in Chernigov Oblast , USSR , now Ukraine ) is a Siberian entrepreneur and writer best known as the author of the Ringing Cedars of Russia series .
Hanna Shelekh ( born 14 July 1993 ) is a Ukrainian athlete who competes in the pole vault .
Todd Cetnar ( born 1978 in Amsterdam , New York , U.S. ) is a former professional basketball player in the United Kingdom who competed at the highest levels of British Professional Basketball .
Dejan Čukić ( Born 25 November 1966 in Ivangrad , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian - Danish actor .
Alfonso Ferrabosco the younger ( ca . 1575 -- March 1628 ) was an English composer and viol player of Italian descent .
Bob Spargo ( born 15 October 1939 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Fanny Law Fan Chiu - fun ( born 24 February 1953 in Hong Kong ) , GBS , JP , is a former high - ranking civil servant of Hong Kong .
Kwasi Wiredu ( born 3 October 1931 ) is one of the foremost African philosophers working today .
Malcolm Collins ( born 1935 ) is an ex - amateur boxer from Cardiff , Wales , who competed in the lightweight division .
Kate Kellaway ( born 15 July 1957 ) is an English journalist and literary critic who writes for The Observer .
Marcin Korolec ( born 24 December 1968 ) is a Polish civil servant and lawyer .
Françoise de Rohan ( 1540 - -1st December 1591 ) was the daughter of René I de Rohan and Isabel d'Albret of Navarre .
John Burke , 9th Earl of Clanricarde ( 1642 - -1722 ) was an Irish peer .
Francis Channing Woodworth ( 1812 -- June 5 , 1859 ) was a printer , vicar and a writer .
Shelagh McLeod ( sometimes credited as Shelagh MacLeod or Sheleigh McCleod ) ( born 7 May 1960 ) is a British - based Canadian film and television actress .
Li Chenguang ( Chinese : 李晨光 , born 12 January 1990 in Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One .
Draško Mrvaljević ( born 17 November 1979 , Cetinje , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin handball player who plays for Frisch Auf Göppingen in Germany .
Jarosław Jaros ( born 2 January 1978 in Zgorzelec ) - Polish cabaret actor .
Jack Erik Kjuus ( 18 January 1927 -- 12 January 2009 ) was a Norwegian far - right politician of the former White Electoral Alliance who was convicted of racism in 1997 .
Lukas Ammann ( born 29 September 1912 ) is a Swiss actor who appeared mainly in German and Swiss films and television shows .
Tomas Antonelius ( born Tomas Gustafsson ; 7 May 1973 ) is a Swedish former footballer , who became an economics student since his retirement .
Kikis Kazamias ( Greek : Κίκης Καζαμίας ; born 27 August 1951 ) is a Cypriot economist and politician .
Jean Henri De Coene ( 1798 - -1866 ) was a Belgian painter of genre and historical subjects .
Gayle Ruzicka ( born c. 1943 ) is a conservative political activist , talk radio host , and leader in the Utah Eagle Forum .
Josh Dugan ( born 10 May 1990 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the St. George Illawarra Dragons of the National Rugby League .
Allan Murray ( born 20 May 1982 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played with both Port Adelaide and St. Kilda in the Australian Football League .
Adam Stafford ( born 24 February 1982 ) is a musician and filmmaker from Falkirk , Scotland .
Beatus Rhenanus ( 22 August 1485 -- 20 July 1547 ) , also known as Beatus Bild , was a German humanist , religious reformer , classical scholar , and book collector .
Gregory W. Engle ( born 1954 ) is a United States Diplomat and former U.S. Ambassador to Togo .
Hee Oh ( 오희 , born 1969 ) is a South Korean mathematician who works in dynamical systems .
Suri Krishnamma ( born 10 May 1961 ) is a British film director and writer best known for feature films A Man of No Importance , New Year 's Day and Dark Tourist and television dramas A Respectable Trade and The Cazalets .
Jerzy Linderski ( born 21 August 1934 ) is a Polish contemporary scholar of ancient history and Roman religion and law .
Jackie McKimmie ( b 1950 ) is an Australian writer and director of films and television .
Atar Arad ( Hebrew : עתר ארד ; born 8 March 1945 ) is an Israeli American violist , professor of music , essayist and composer .
Lieutenant General Salou Djibo ( born 15 April 1965 ) is a Nigerien military officer .
Antarah ibn Shaddad ( Arabic : عنترة بن شداد العبسي‎ , ʿAntarah ibn Shaddād al-ʿAbsī ; AD 525 - -608 ) , also known as ʿAntar , was a pre - Islamic Arab soldier and poet , famous for both his poetry and his adventurous life .
Belinda Hamnett ( Chinese : 韓君婷 ; Cantonese : Hon Kwun - Ting ) born 28 September 1975 in Hong Kong is an actress , model and ex - beauty queen .
David Kantor , ( b. 1927 ) is an American systems psychologist , organizational consultant , and clinical researcher .
Popnoname is the artist name of Jens - Uwe Beyer ( born 1978 in Fehmarn ) .
Brian Warboys ( born 30 April 1942 ) , was Professor of Software Engineering at the University of Manchester from 1985 until he retired in September 2007 .
Johan Forsby better known by his stage name Jooks ( born 5 March 1980 ) is a Danish rapper signed to ArtPeople label .
Anna Walton ( born 18 December 1980 ) is an English actress known for her roles in Vampire Diary , Mutant Chronicles , and the compassionate Princess Nuala in Hellboy II :
Richard Handley ( born 1 September 1990 ) is a British professional road and track racing cyclist who rides for the British UCI Professional Continental team ONE Pro Cycling .
Saint Paul Chong Hasang ( 1794 or 1795 - -September 22 , 1839 ) was one of the Korean Martyrs .
Juan Manuel Soriano ( 1920 - October 10 , 1995 ) was a Spanish voice actor and his career spanned over 50 years including a radio program of Don Juan Tenorio .
Wren Howard ( 1893 -- 30 July 1968 ) , full name George Wren Howard , was a British publisher .
Subhash Ghisingh was born on 22 June 1936 at Manju Tea Estate , near Mirik , in Darjeeling district .
Raquel Chaves ( born 1939 ) is a Paraguayan poet , journalist , novelist and educator .
Lee Pui Ming ( 李佩鳴 ; Cantonese : Lei5 Pui3 Ming4 ; b. 1956 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong - born American pianist , vocalist , and composer .
Barbora Špotáková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbarbora ˈʃpotaːkovaː ) ; born 30 June 1981 ) is a Czech javelin thrower .
Simona Marchini ( born 19 December 1941 ) is an Italian actress , television and radio presenter , stage director , comedian and art curator .
Ángel Guillermo Heredia Hernández ( born 22 November 1975 ) is a Mexican former discus thrower , chemist and sports coach .
James Godfrey MacManaway , MBE ( 22 April 1898 -- 3 November 1951 ) was a British Unionist politician and Church of Ireland cleric , notable for being disqualified as a Member of Parliament , owing to his status as a priest .
Rasoul Azadani ( Persian : رسول آزادانی‎‎ , pronounced ( ɾæsuːl - e ɒːzɒːdɒːniː ) ; born 1965 ) is an Iranian animator , lighting designer and layout artist .
Gloria Lim BBM ( born 1930 ) is a retired Singaporean mycologist whose research focused on tropical fungi and who built up a fungal repository of regional samples .
Stan Ageira ( born 3 May 1961 ) is a writer from Mulki , a town near Mangalore , Karnataka , India .
Alfonso Romo Garza ( born 1950 ) , known as Alfonso Romo , is a Monterrey businessman and agro - industrialist , with interests in banking and Mexican politics .
Harold Treherne ( c. 1884 -- after 1908 ) of Brighton , England , was a stamp forger notable for his forgeries of the stamps of India and Australia who was known as The Brighton forger and his works as Brighton forgeries .
Dong Hao ( Chinese : 董浩 ; pinyin : Dǒng Hào ; born 1956 ) better known by his nickname Uncle Dong Hao ( Chinese : 董浩叔叔 ; pinyin : Dǒng Hào Shūshū ) , is a former Chinese host , actor and painter .
Derek Fewster , ( b. 1962 ) , is a Swedish - speaking Finnish historian working since 2006 as a researcher at the Department of History at the University of Helsinki .
Eli Jaxon - Bear ( born Elliot J. Zeldow in 1947 ) is an American spiritual teacher and author .
Giuseppe Sacco ( born 1 August 1938 ) is a tenured Italian Academic specialised in International Relations , with secondary interests in the fields of International Economic Relations , Industrial and Science and Technology Policy , International Oil , the Environment , and International Migrations .
József Zilisy , also known as Giuseppe Zilizzi or Joseph Zilizzi ( 21 February 1899 -- 2 March 1982 ) was a Hungarian - Italian footballer and football manager .
Martin Lloyd - Evans ( born 14 April 1963 ) is a British opera stage director .
Christiaan Andriessen , who was born at Amsterdam in 1775 , was the son and student of Jurriaan , and became a good painter of history , genre subjects , landscapes , views of towns , and occasionally portraits .
Liu Yichun ( 柳亦春 , born in November 1969 ) is a Chinese architect , based in Shanghai , China .
Dr. John Augustus Just ( January 9 , 1854 -- September 13 , 1908 ) was a German - born chemist and inventor .
Daniel S. Voorhees ( born 1913 ) was a transient restaurant porter who confessed to the murder of Elizabeth Short on January 28 , 1947 .
Robin Minard ( born 1953 ) is a Canadian composer and installation artist .
Miriam E. Nelson ( born 1960 ) is an American academic , researcher , and international best - selling author .
Henri Hogbe Nlend ( born 23 December 1939 ) is a Cameroonian mathematician , university professor , former government minister and presidential candidate .
Hannah Kersey ( born 1983 ) is a British woman who was born with two wombs ( uterus didelphys ) and gave birth to triplets , identical twin girls in one womb and another fraternal sibling in the other at Southmead Hospital in Bristol , England in late December 2006 .
Shawn Sturgeon ( born 1965 ) is a poet and professor .
Radhia Nasraoui ( Tunisian Arabic : راضية النصراوي‎ ; born in 1953 ) , is a Tunisian lawyer , specializing in human rights , which militates particularly against the use of torture .
Ulrich Schnauss ( born 1977 ) is a German electronic musician and producer based in London .
Henry Wildhagen ( born 1856 ) was `` one of northern Wisconsin 's best - known architects '' at the turn of the 20th century .
Craig Bloxom was born in Inglewood , Los Angeles on 31 July 1959 to George William and Arliene Dorlores ( née Dreger ) .
Charles Radtke ( born 1964 ) is a studio furniture maker working in Cedarburg , Wisconsin .
Jan Drapentier ( fl . 1674 - -1713 ) , was an engraver .
General George Campbell of Inverneill , C.B. , K.A ( 1803 - -1882 ) was Commandant of the Royal Artillery and served in the East India Company .
Will Tuckett ( born 1969 ) is an English choreographer , who has created works for the English National Ballet and the Royal Ballet .
Zdravko Šotra ( Serbian Cyrillic : Здравко Шотра ; born 13 February 1933 ) is a Serbian and former Yugoslav film and television director and screenwriter .
Robert Ogden Doremus ( 11 January 1824 -- 22 March 1906 ) was a United States chemist and physician .
Levan Kenia ( Georgian : ლევან ყენია ; born 18 October 1990 ) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays for Czech team Slavia Prague .
Enzo Del Forno ( born 24 January 1950 ) is a retired Italian high jumper who won three medals at the International athletics competitions .
Peter Lamborn Wilson ( pseudonym Hakim Bey ; born 1945 ) is an American anarchist author , primarily known for advocating the concept of Temporary Autonomous Zones .
Albert Purchas ( 1825 - 1909 ) was an English - born architect , surveyor , inventor and officer in the Victorian volunteer army who was prominent and prolific in Melbourne , Victoria in the late nineteenth century .
Rear Admiral Alberto Díaz , Jr. ( born 1943 ) is the first Hispanic to become the Director of the San Diego Naval District and Balboa Naval Hospital .
Vikki Petraitis ( born 1965 ) is an Australian true crime author , based in Melbourne , Victoria .
Lelio Brancaccio ( around 1560 - -1637 ) , Marquess of Montesilvano , was a Neapolitan commander of Habsburg armies in Italy , the Low Countries and Catalonia .
Jorge Barón ( born Jorge Eliécer Varón 29 June 1948 in Ibagué ) is a Colombian television presenter , media personality and businessman .
Bledion Guga ( born 20 February 1986 ) is an Albanian football player who is on the U-21 national football squad .
Jack Huntington ( 23 May 1893 -- 17 July 1971 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Thomas Dumbill ( 23 September 1884 - 9 November 1974 ) was a British racewalker .
Afag Bashirgyzy ( Azerbaijani : Afaq Bəşirqızı ) , born Afag Bashir gyzy Safarova ( 1955 , Baku , Azerbaijani : Afaq Bəşir qızı Səfərova ) , is an Azerbaijani actress .
Paulo Roberto do Carmo or simply Paulão , more known as di Carmo ( Persian : دی کارمو‎ ) in Iran , ( born 12 March 1985 ) is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Uberlândia Esporte Clube .
Adewale Akinnuoye - Agbaje ( /ˌædᵻˈwɑːleɪ ˌækᵻˈnuː.eɪ ɑːɡˈbɑːdʒeɪ/ ; born 22 August 1967 ) is a British actor and former fashion model of Nigerian origin .
Karl Harrison ( born 20 February 1964 ) is an English former rugby league player of the 1980s and ' 90s , and coach of the 2000s and ' 10s .
Trudy Kerr ( born 3 January 1963 ) is an Australian - born jazz musician , teacher , radio presenter and label owner .
Aidan Mathews , sometimes Aidan Carl Mathews , ( born 1956 ) is an Irish poet and dramatist born in Dublin .
Kenneth Newby ( born 1956 ) is a Canadian composer , performer and media artist .
Stefanie Tücking ( born 1 April 1962 in Kaiserslautern ) is a German television presenter .
Andrzej Kolikowski nicknamed Pershing ( 1954 - -1999 ) was the leader of the so - called Pruszków Mafia in Poland and arguably the best - known Polish gangster of the 1990s .
Dessie O'Hare ( born 26 October 1956 ) , also known as `` The Border Fox '' , is an Irish republican paramilitary , and at one time , who was once the most wanted man in Ireland .
Larry Austin ( born 12 September 1930 in Duncan , Oklahoma ) is a United States composer noted for his electronic and computer music works .
Dirk van der Burg ( 10 August 1721 -- 2 July 1773 ) , was a Dutch 18th century artist , landscape painter and watercolourist .
Jacob Toorenvliet ( 1640 - -1719 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of genre works .
Leon Crouch ( born 16 August 1949 ) is an English businessman , who was formerly chairman of Southampton Football Club .
Arshi Pipa ( 1920 -- July 20 , 1997 ) was an Albanian - American philosopher , writer , poet and literary critic .
Professor Rana Nayar ( born 1957 ) is a translator of poetry and short fiction from Punjabi to English .
Titu Andreescu ( born 1956 ) is an associate professor of mathematics at the University of Texas at Dallas .
Amir Taaki ( born 6 February 1988 ) is a British - Iranian video game and computer software developer .
Hussain Ul Haque ( born 1949 ) is an eminent Urdu critic , Writer and theorist with a sufi approach in his thought and writings .
Ju Wenpei ( born 6 September 1975 ) is a Chinese actress and hostess .
See Kok Luen(冼国伦 ) ( born 3 June 1988 ) is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays for Melaka United .
Bartholomew of Lucca , born Bartolomeo Fiadóni , and also known as Tolomeo da Lucca or Ptolemy da Lucca ( c. 1236 -- c. 1327 ) was a medieval Italian historian .
Prince Konstanty Wiśniowiecki ( 1564 - -1641 ) was a Polish nobleman , voivode of Belz since 1636 , of Ruthenia since 1638 and starost of Czerkasy and Kamieniec was a wealthy , powerful and influential magnate , experienced in both politics and warfare .
Vilma Hollingbery is a British actress , born on 21 July 1932 .
Jorge Humberto Raggi ( born 17 February 1938 ) , known as Humberto , is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a striker .
Hsiao - Hung Pai ( simplified Chinese : 白晓红 ; traditional Chinese : 白曉紅 ; pinyin : Bái Xiǎohóng ) ( born 1968 in Taipei , Taiwan ) is a writer best known for her books Chinese Whispers :
Adrian Faherty ( born 8 May 1988 ) is a Gaelic football goalkeeper with London .
Kamil Zieliński ( born 3 March 1988 ) is Polish professional racing cyclist .
Pieter Fris ( 1627 -- 1706 ) was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter .
Jan Blažek ( born 20 March 1988 ) is a Czech football player who is currently plays for Slovan Liberec .
Emily Corrie ( born 1978 ) is a British former sailor and actress .
Ben Keaton ( born 1956 , Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish actor who appeared as Jeff Brannigan in ITV soap opera Emmerdale .
Maggy Whitehouse ( born 1956 ) is an Independent Catholic priest , a stand - up comedian and an author and specialist in Judaeo - Christian mysticism , particularly Bible interpretation for Interfaith .
John Chipman Wade ( 1817 in Granville , Nova Scotia -- January 1 , 1892 ) was a Canadian politician and lawyer who served in both the Nova Scotia House of Assembly and the Canadian House of Commons .
Dimitris Tsovolas ( Greek : Δημήτριος Τσοβόλας ; born 1942 ) is a Greek politician who served as Minister of Finance from 1985 to 1989 .
Nick Scott ( born 13 June 1990 ) is an English rugby union player who plays for Newport Gwent Dragons regional team as a winger .
Bianca Gascoigne ( born 28 October 1986 ) is a British glamour model and television personality .
Paul Sanasardo ( born 15 September 1928 ) is an Italian - American dancer , choreographer and dance teacher .
Joan Luedders Wolfe ( born 1929 ) is an environmental activist , having founded the West Michigan Environmental Action Council and coordinated the passage of the landmark Michigan Environmental Protection Act of 1970 .
Mary Shomon , born 1961 , is an American health activist and author whose primary focus is thyroid disease .
P. Vishnuvardhan Reddy ( born 8 February 1981 ) is a former Member of Legislative Assembly ( M.L.A ) in which he represents the Jubilee Hills constituency , of Telangana .
Giuseppe Agnelli ( 1621 in Naples -- 17 October 1706 in Rome ) , was a Roman Catholic author , chiefly known for his catechetical and devotional works .
Artur Ryno ( born 1990 ) is a Russian racist serial killer on the list of `` Individuals banned from the UK '' The reason given is that he and Pavel Skachevsky are `` Leaders of a violent gang that beat migrants and posted films of their attacks on the internet .
Seyed Ahmad Mohammadi Pahnehkalaei ( Persian : سید احمد محمدی پهنه کلایی‎‎ , born 11 January 1992 in Qaem Shahr ) is an Iranian wrestler who won the silver medal at the 2014 World Championships .
Mathews Mar Thimothios Metropolitan was born on 3 May 1963 as the eldest son of P.J. Baby and his wife Thankamma Baby of Painuvilla Puthenveettil .
Adam Sterling , born in 1983 in Los Angeles , California , was the Executive Director of the Sudan Divestment Task Force , a project of the Genocide Intervention Network , and a graduate of UCLA with degrees in Political Science and African American Studies .
George Ortiz ( 1927 - -2013 ) was a collector who assembled what is considered to be one of the `` finest collection of antiquities in private hands '' .
Vera Shvetsova ( 1929 , Cherepovets , Russia ) is a ballet teacher and balletmaster .
Roberto Prats Palerm ( born 1966 ) is a former Senator of Puerto Rico , a lawyer , and a former candidate for Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico in the elections of 2004 .
John Ritchie Findlay ( 21 October 1824 -- 16 October 1898 ) was a Scottish newspaper owner and philanthropist .
Lewis ( Lew ) Campbell ( 1831 - -1910 ) was a pioneer rancher in the Kamloops , area of western Canada .
Milija Brkić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милија Бркић ; born 11 August 1954 ) is a Serbian retired professional footballer who played from the early 1970s to early 1990s , and the current manager .
Charles R. Greco ( 1873 - 1962 ) was an American architect who worked in the Boston area during the first half of the 20th century .
Todd Salimuchai ( born c. 1970 ) is a self - described Thai or Burmese former opium poppy farmer , best known as the only man to ever attempt an aircraft hijacking at the Hong Kong International Airport .
Born in Germany in 1969 , raised in Italy and educated in the United States , pianist , composer , and arts - presenter Antonio Ciacca began his career in jazz as a sideman for Art Farmer , James Moody , Lee Konitz , Jonny Griffin , Mark Murphy , Dave Liebman , and Steve Grossman .
Magdi Youssef ( born 1936 ) is an Egyptian professor of comparative literature and culture studies .
Pandit Raj Kumar Sharma ( born 14 August 1962 ) appears on various Indian television channels as an Astrologer .
Gamal Abdel - Rahim ( Arabic : جمال عبد الرحيم‎ Gamāl `` Abd er - Raheem),(b . Cairo , 1924 ; d. Königstein , Germany , November 23 , 1988 ) was an Egyptian classical music composer , educator , and pianist . His best - known work is the symphony Osiris .
Tom Rawling ( 1916 - -1996 ) was a teacher , angler and late - developing poet who wrote what Peter Porter called some of the `` most unforced collections of nature poems for some years '' .
George W. Davis VI ( born 1938 ) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy .
Geir Barvik ( born 19 May 1958 in Bø , Telemark ) is a Norwegian civil servant and banker .
Derek Brockway ( born 29 October 1967 ) is a Welsh meteorologist employed by the Met Office and based at BBC Wales in Cardiff , Wales .
Juanita Tate ( 1938 -- July 5 , 2004 ) was an American community activist who advocated green space for the poor citizens of South Los Angeles , California .
Ellis Faas ( born 1962 , Rijswijk ) is a make - up artist whom Vogue Paris has called `` one of the most influential make - up artists of her generation '' ..
Mario Chiari ( 14 July 1909 -- 8 April 1989 ) was an Italian production designer and art director .
Tore Reginiussen ( born 10 April 1986 ) is a Norwegian footballer that plays for Rosenborg .
Edwin Embleton ( 1907 -- 2000 ) was a commercial and graphic designer who is widely recognised for his work in the Publications Division of the Ministry of Information during the Second World War .
Vilmos Patay ( born c. 1956 or 1957 ) is a Hungarian agrarian trader and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Dombóvár ( Tolna County Constituency IV ) between 2010 and 2014 .
Ralph Hewins ( 1909 -- 1985 ) was a British biographer .
Denise Kelly ( born 24 April 1954 ) is an Irish harpist and composer .
Manoj Badale ( born 31 December 1967 ) was born in Dhule , Maharashtra , India and later on moved to the UK .
Stewart William Allan ( born 13 November 1973 ) , more familiar by his stage name , William Rogue , is a Scottish musician and actor .
Joy Glidden ( born 1960 in Moncton , in Westmorland County , New Brunswick , Canada ) is a contemporary art administrator , visual arts curator , filmmaker , and advocate for arts communities .
Edward Morgan Humphreys ( 1882 - 1955 ) was a Welsh novelist , translator , and journalist , often known as E. Morgan Humphreys .
Jaroslav Weigel ( born 2 February 1931 in Rychnov nad Kněžnou ) is a Czech actor , writer and painter .
Romeo Bertini ( 21 April 1893 -- August 29 , 1973 ) was an Italian athlete who competed mainly in the marathon .
Gerard Hemsworth ( born 1945 , London ) is a contemporary artist .
Peter Thrower ( born 1938 ) is a professor emeritus of materials science and engineering at Pennsylvania State University , and a former editor - in - chief of the scientific journal Carbon , a post he has held between 1982 and 2013 .
Josef Mattauch ( 21 November 1895 -- 10 August 1976 ) was a German physicist known for his work in the investigation of the isotopic abundances by mass spectrometry .
Kodjo Menan ( 31 December 1959 ) is a Togolese diplomat .
Ammonius Hermiae ( /əˈmoʊniəs/ ; Greek : Ἀμμώνιος ὁ Ἑρμείου ; c. 440 -- c. 520 AD ) was a Greek philosopher , and the son of the Neoplatonist philosophers Hermias and Aedesia .
Shimpei Cole Ota ( 太田 心平 ; 오타 심페이 , 1975 -- ) is a sociocultural anthropologist , sociocultural historian , researcher of Northeast Asian studies and curator of ethnology .
Jiří Hála ( born 30 June 1972 in České Budějovice ) is a former Czech ice hockey player and current sport director at HC Steelers Kapfenberg .
Ellisa Meriam Bellina Maria Bamboe ( born 10 April 1965 ) , better known as Meriam Bellina , is an Indonesian actress who has won three Citra Awards and acted in more than 50 films .
Rico Lins ( born 19 September 1955 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian graphic designer , art director , illustrator and teacher .
Michael Husbands ( born 13 November 1983 ) is a footballer who plays as a winger and forward .
Oscar Ferdinand Telgmann ( c. 1855 -- 30 March 1946 ) was a Canadian composer of operettas , conductor and educator , and violinist best known for his operetta Leo , the Royal Cadet .
Glaybson Yago Souza Lisboa ( born 5 June 1992 ) , known as Yago Pikachu , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Vasco da Gama .
Nikolay Bodurov ( Bulgarian : Николай Бодуров ; born 30 May 1986 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Danish Superliga club Midtjylland on loan from Fulham , and the Bulgarian national team .
Maysam Baou ( Persian : میثم بائو‎‎ , born 19 September 1983 ) is an Iranian football player who currently played for Esteghlal Khuzestan
Juliette Mole ( born 1964 ) is an English actress and artist , now based in London .
Kristin Mellem ( born 21 March 1965 ) is a Norwegian musician ( violin ) , composer and conductor , known from Nord - Norge 's musical scene .
George Chatterton - Hill ( 1883 - -1947 ) was the Irish writer of several books on evolution and sociology .
Saint Pacian ( Pacianus ) ( Catalan : Sant Pacià ) ( c. 310 - -391 AD ) was a bishop of Barcelona during the fourth century .
Mauricio Cárdenas Santa María ( born 9 June 1962 ) is the 69th and current Minister of Finance and Public Credit and former Minister of Mines and Energy of Colombia , serving in the administration of President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón .
William D. Gibbs ( 1869 - -1944 ) was the second president , in 1907 - 1912 , of the New Hampshire College of Agriculture and the Mechanic Arts , in Durham , New Hampshire , United States , which in 1923 became the University of New Hampshire .
He Gui ( 賀瓌 ) ( 858-August 28 , 919 ) , courtesy name Guangyuan ( 光遠 ) , was a major general for the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Later Liang , serving as Later Liang 's overcall commander of its operations against its archrival Jin from 917 to his death in 919 .
M. S. Balasubramania ( born 1967 ) , popularly known as Snake Shyam , is a snake enthusiast , wildlife conservationist and lecturer in Mysore , India .
Ucha Japaridze ( Georgian : უჩა ჯაფარიძე , 17 August ( O.S. 4 August ) 1906 -- 6 July 1988 ) was a Georgian painter .
Ahmet Yalçınkaya ( born December 1963 ) is a Turkish poet and academician .
Kane Evans ( born 9 January 1992 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Sydney Roosters in the National Rugby League .
Simón Alberto Consalvi ( 7 July 1927 -- 11 March 2013 ) was a Venezuelan politician , journalist , diplomat and historian .
Roger Myers ( born 1947 ) is the co - founder of Punch Taverns , one of the United Kingdom 's largest chains of public houses .
Andrés Barreto ( born in 1987 ) is a Colombian - American entrepreneur .
Marwan Habash ( born in 1938 ) is a Syrian politician and writer .
Bahadur Prasad Singh ( born 1 September , 1965 ) is a former Indian middle distance runner .
Karen L. Loeffler ( born 1957 ) is the current United States Attorney for the District of Alaska .
pp . 281 - -285 Lorna Dee Cervantes ( 6 August 1954 - ) By :
Davit Sergeenko ( Georgian : დავით სერგეენკო ; born 25 September 1963 ) is a Georgian physician and healthcare administrator , serving as Georgia 's Minister of Health , Labor , and Social Affairs since 25 October 2012 .
Jiang Weixin ( Chinese : 姜伟新 ; January 1949 - ) is the former Minister of Housing and Urban - Rural Construction of the People 's Republic of China ( MOHURD ) .
Jordan Adéoti ( born 12 March 1989 ) is a Beninese international footballer who plays for French club Caen , as a central defender .
Katie Rain Hill ( born 12 May 1994 ) is an American transgender activist , author , model and student .
Stephen Dau ( born 1971 ) is an American - Belgian writer .
Uluç Bayraktar ( 1974-Gelibolu ) is a Turkish director .
Pierre Van Houdt ( born 30 October 1914 ) was a Belgian Olympic fencer .
Manuel Cordeiro ( born 26 August 1983 , in Faro ) , is a Portuguese football manager since 2005 .
Arthur Llewellyn Basham ( 24 May 1914 -- 27 January 1986 ) was a noted historian and indologist and author of a number of books .
Tamira Slaby ( born 6 March 1992 ) is a Paralympian athlete from Germany competing mainly in T38 sprint events .
Guðríður Símonardóttir ( 1598 -- December 18 , 1682 ) was an Icelandic woman who was one of 242 people abducted from the Westman Islands , Iceland in 1627 in a raid by Barbary pirates .
Mario Testino OBE ( born on 30 October 1954 ) is a Peruvian fashion and portrait photographer .
Stefan Yavorsky ( Russian : Стефа́н Яво́рский , Ukrainian : Стефа́н Яво́рський ) , born Simeon Ivanovich Yavorsky ( Russian : Симеон Иванович Яворский ) ( 1658 -- 8 December ( O.S. 27 November ) 1722 ) , was an archbishop and statesman in the Russian Empire and the first president of the Most Holy Synod .
Charles Gossage Grey was born in Chicago , Illinois , on 20 June 1894 , the son of Charles Scott , and later adopted by his stepfather Walter C. Grey .
Don Preister ( born December 23 , 1946 ) is a Democrat who served 16 years as a Nebraska state senator from Bellevue , Nebraska in the Nebraska Legislature and greeting card manufacturer for Joy Creations .
Nikoloz Basilashvili ( Georgian : ნიკოლოზ ბასილაშვილი ; born 23 February 1992 ) is a Georgian tennis player who mainly competes on the ATP Challenger Tour .
Gary Taylor - Fletcher ( né Fletcher , born 4 June 1981 ) is an English professional footballer who is currently playing for Tranmere Rovers .
Carin Bartosch Edström ( born 1965 in Malmö ) is a Swedish composer and author , and is especially interested in opera .
Ieva Sargautytė ( born in 1981 in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian orienteering competitor .
Adrian Grant Dugmore ( born 1 February 1967 ) is a South African - Argentine cricketer .
Brigadier General Rahmatullah Safi ( born 1948 ) is a former Afghan army officer and mujahideen commander who fought during the Soviet war in Afghanistan .
Gilbert Clerke ( 1626 - -c.1697 ) was an English mathematician , natural philosopher and Socinian theological writer .
Raphael Trotman,(born 1966 ) is a Guyanese lawyer and politician .
Ieuan Wyn Jones ( born 22 May 1949 ) is a Welsh politician who was the Deputy First Minister in the Welsh Assembly Government from 2007 to 2011 .
Nanny Wermuth ( born 4 December 1943 ) is the Professor emerita of Statistics , Chalmers University of Technology / University of Gothenburg .
Tien - Yien Li ( 李天岩 ) ( born 1945 ) is a University Distinguished Professor of Mathematics at Michigan State University and a Guggenheim Fellow .
Samuel Logan Brengle ( 1 June 1860 -- 19 May 1936 ) was a Commissioner in The Salvation Army and a leading author , teacher and preacher on the doctrine of Holiness .
Nawaf Ghazaleh ( Arabic : نواف غزالة‎ ) ( 1927 -- November 20 , 2005 ) was a Syrian Druze who assassinated the overthrown Syrian president Adib Shishakli .
Palash Muchhal ( born 22 May 1995 ) is a Music Composer from Indore , Madhya Pradesh , India .
Gelu Vlașin ( born 30 August 1966 ) is a Romanian poet and essayist .
Edward Allen Talbot , ( b. 1796 -- d. January 6 , 1839 ) , the eldest son of Richard Talbot was a strong leader in the immigration venture that his father led to Canada in 1818 .
Éva Viczay de Loós ( 1602 -- 28 July 1651 ) was a Hungarian noblewoman , the second wife of Baron Pál Esterházy de Galántha , who was the founder of the Zólyom branch of the House of Esterházy .
Nicholas Tuite MacCarthy ( May 1769 -- 3 May 1833 ) was a renowned Jesuit preacher in late eighteenth and early nineteenth century France .
Nick Salapatas ( born 17 November 1989 ) is a British - Greek footballer who plays for Bishop 's Stortford in the Conference South in England .
Annette A. Aguilar ( born 1957 ) is an American percussionist , bandleader , and music educator .
Zlatko Grgić ( 21 June 1931 -- 4 April 1988 ) was a Croatian animator who emigrated to Canada in the late 1960s .
Francis Fergusson ( 1904 - -1986 ) was a Harvard and Oxford - educated teacher and critic , a theorist of drama and mythology who wrote The Idea of a Theater , ( Princeton , 1949 ) arguably the best and most influential book about drama written by an American .
Willem van Zeist ( born Apeldoorn , 1924 ) is an Archaeologist , Palynologist and Professor of Paleobotany .
Robert Florence ( born 29 July 1977 ) is a Scottish presenter , comedian and writer most popularly known for starring in the popular BBC comedy sketch show Burnistoun , and the video game review shows Consolevania and videoGaiden .
Günter Weitling ( born 1935 ) is a Lutheran theologian , historian , and author .
Brent Staples ( born 1951 in Chester , Pennsylvania ) is an author and editorial writer for the New York Times .
Nodar Akhalkatsi ( 2 January 1938 -- 24 January 1998 ) was a professional football manager from Georgia .
Jörn Schlönvoigt ( ( jœʁn ˈʃløːnˌvoːkt ) ; born 1 August 1986 ) is a German actor , singer and designer .
Roberson de Arruda Alves ( born 29 June 1989 ) , or simply Roberson , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Juventude .
Vicki Stone ( born 1949 ) is an American folk artist .
Michael Wearing ( born 1939 ) is a British television producer , who has spent much of his career working on various drama productions for the BBC .
Margaretha van Mechelen ( c. 1580 in Lier -- 17 May 1662 in The Hague ) was a noblewomen of the Southern Netherlands and ( from c.1600 to c.1610 ) the mistress of Maurice of Nassau , Prince of Orange , with whom she had 3 sons :
Rudolph Glossop ( 17 February 1902 -- 1 March 1993 ) was a mining and civil engineer and one of the founders of Geotechnical Engineering in the UK .
Mary Anne Jablonski ( born c. 1952 ) is a Canadian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Red Deer North as a Progressive Conservative .
Arthur W. Robinson ( born 1880 ; year of death unknown ) was an English cricketer who played seven first - class games with little success .
Guillaume Georges Didier Sarközy de Nagy - Bocsa ( born 18 June 1951 , ) simply known as Guillaume Sarkozy , is a French entrepreneur and vice - president of the MEDEF , the French union of employers .
Lorenzo Burzigotti ( born 12 March 1987 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione team Grosseto on loan from Reggina .
Rosemary Sayigh ( born 1935 in Birmingham , United Kingdom ) is a British - born journalist and scholar of Middle Eastern history .
H. V. Kershaw , also known as Harry Kershaw , ( 1918 -- 1992 ) from Manchester was a British television scriptwriter and dramatist best known for his long association with the top rating soap opera , Coronation Street , a programme he continued to pen scripts for until the late-1980s .
Tsering Wangchuk ( 1974 in Leh ) , is a Tibetan physicians and the current minister for Health of the Central Tibetan Administration
Tuula Hovi ( born 1939 ) is a Finnish orienteering competitor who competed in the 1960s .
Raja Haji Fisabilillah ( full name Raja Haji Fisabilillah ibni Daeng Chelak ) ( 1727 - -1784 ) was a Bugis warrior , and also the Yang Dipertuan Muda ( Crown Prince ) of the Johor - Riau Sultanate from 1777 to 1784 .
Dayne Beams ( born 12 February 1990 ) is a professional Australian rules football player , currently playing for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ágota Lykovcán ( née Tóth ; born 2 September 1987 ) is a Hungarian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions .
Maria Violante Placido ( Italian : ( ˈplatʃido ) ; born 1 May 1976 ) is an Italian actress and singer .
Anatoliy Solovianenko was born in Donetsk ( Stalino at that time ) on 25 September 1932 into a miner 's family .
Eirik Ildahl ( born 19 June 1957 ) is a Norwegian comics writer , scriptwriter , playwright and novelist .
Leander Kahney ( born 25 November 1965 ) is a technology writer and author .
Valery Pryiemka ( Belarusian : Валер Прыёмка , Russian : Валерий Приёмка ; born 15 June 1983 ) is a Belarusian fencer , silver medallist in the 2007 European Championships and at the 2011 World Championships .
Gunnar Andreas Berg ( born 14 January 1954 ) is a Norwegian musician , educator , owner of the record label `` Bergland Productions '' .
Steven Blyth is a poet ( born 1968 in Bolton ) based in the Greater Manchester area .
Vanessa Lynne Bryant ( born 1954 ) is a district judge for the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut .
Shane Jiraiya Cummings ( born 24 April 1974 ) is an award - winning Australian horror and fantasy author and editor .
Elsa Klensch ( born 21 February 1933 ) is an Australian - American journalist and novelist , often working in the world of fashion .
Walter Woon Cheong Ming ( Chinese : 温长明 ; pinyin : Wēn Chángmíng ; born 12 September 1956 ) is a Singaporean lawyer , academic , diplomat and politician .
Darren W. McDew ( born September 29 , 1960 ) is a United States Air Force general who serves as the Commander of United States Transportation Command Scott AFB , IL .
Maurice de Hond ( born 8 October 1947 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch pollster and entrepreneur .
Susanne Bier ( born 15 April 1960 ) is a Danish film director best known for her feature films Brothers , After the Wedding and the Academy Award winning In a Better World .
Ian Gill ( born 1955 ) is an Australian - Canadian writer , filmmaker , and social entrepreneur .
Frédéric Théodore Faber , a Belgian landscape and genre painter , born at Brussels in 1782 , was first instructed by his father , but in 1799 he went to Antwerp , and studied under Balthasar Paul Ommeganck .
Kelvin Kwan ( born 24 March 1983 ) is a cantopop singer from Go East , a subdivision of Universal Music .
Charles J. Fourie ( born 1965 , Potchefstroom ) is a South African playwright and director .
Arno Jacobs ( born 13 March 1977 in Potchefstroom ) is a South African first class cricketer for the Warriors .
David Mlinaric CBE ( born 12 March 1939 ) is a British interior decorator of Slovenian descent .
Gao Jin ( Chinese : 高津 ; born April 1959 ) is a lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
Janne Rønningen ( born 25 June 1969 ) is a Norwegian comedian and presenter .
Richa Pallod ( born 30 August 1980 ) is an Indian model and film actress who has been featured in Indian films .
Gavril Kolesov ( Russian : Гаврил Гаврильевич Колесов , born 7 September 1979 , in Dyabyla , Yakut Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic , Soviet Union ) is Russian draughts player ( Russian , Brazilian and International draughts ) , seven time world champion in draughts-64 .
Simone Fautario ( born 12 February 1987 ) is an Italian football ( soccer ) left - back .
Jorge Salinas Pérez ( born 27 July 1968 ) is a Mexican television and film actor , best known for his leading roles in telenovelas .
Gail Nicole Da Silva ( born 6 February 1993 ) is an Indian Model and beauty queen from Goa who won was crowned Femina Miss India United Continent 2014 and placed as 1st Runner Up at the Miss United Continent 2014 pageant .
Rosalia Price , née Masson ( fl . 1790 ) , also known as Rosalia Masson - Price or only as Madame Price , was a British circus artist ( acrobat and pantomime artist ) .
Steve Marmel ( born 1964 ) is an American television writer and producer who has worked on many animated TV series , including The Fairly OddParents , I Am Weasel , Danny Phantom , Family Guy and Yin Yang Yo!.
Peter McRobbie ( born 31 January 1943 ) is a Scottish - born American character actor .
Kinnda Hamid better known as Kinnda ( born 1982 ) is a Swedish artist and songwriter .
Severo Antonelli ( ca . July 17 , 1907 -- December 9 , 1995 ) was an Italian - American photographer born in Fara Filiorum Petri , Chieti , Italy .
Mike McGill ( born 1964 ) is an American skateboarder who is best known for inventing the trick entitled the `` McTwist '' , an inverted 540 degree mute grab aerial .
Jean - Frédéric Neuburger ( born 29 December 1986 ) is a French pianist , organist , and composer .
Sir William Godolphin , 1st Baronet ( c. 1640 -- 27 August 1710 ) , of Godolphin in Cornwall , was an English Member of Parliament .
Prof Nigel Henbest , BSc , MSci ( Cantab ) , DSc ( Hon ) , FRAS ( born 6 May 1951 ) is a British astronomer , born in Manchester and educated in Northern Ireland and at Leicester University , where he studied physics , chemistry and astronomy .
Darren Turner ( born 13 April 1974 ) is a British professional racing driver currently racing for Aston Martin in the FIA World Endurance Championship .
Alfons Bach ( 1904 - -1999 ) was a German industrial designer and watercolor painter .
Anders Rønnow Klarlund born 1971 , is a Danish author , director and screenwriter .
Kelly Markus ( born 7 February 1993 ) is a Dutch road and track racing cyclist .
Thierry Lang ( born 1956 ) is a Swiss composer and jazz pianist .
Álvaro Delgado Gómez ( born 1966 ) is a Mexican political investigative journalist and author .
Norris Darrell ( 1899 - 1989 ) was an American attorney and President of the American Law Institute from 1961 to 1976 .
Diana Glenn ( born 13 March 1974 ) is an Australian actress with many credits in television , movies and theatre .
Charles A. Chase ( born 1864 ) was an American tennis player active in the late 19th century .
Chennaveera Kanavi(Kannada:ಚನ್ನವೀರ ಕಣವಿ ) was born on 28 June 1928 at Hombalu village , Gadag District in Karnataka .
Nicomachus , or Nicomachus of Gerasa , ( Greek : Νικόμαχος ; c. 60 -- c. 120 CE ) was an important ancient mathematician best known for his works Introduction to Arithmetic and Manual of Harmonics in Greek .
John Loughridge ( 14 February 1923 -- 4 November 1981 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with West Perth in the WANFL during the 1940s .
Samuel Atkins ( fl . 1787 - -1808 ) , was a British marine painter .
Leon Gregory ( Leonard Stuart Gregory ; born 23 November 1932 ) was an Australian athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres .
Uzair Mahomed ( born 20 August 1987 ) is a South African born English cricketer .
Jacob Guay better known as just Jacob ( born on 8 April 1999 in Quebec ) is a Canadian young singer and dubbed as the French language answer to fellow Canadian Justin Bieber singing in both French and English .
Samuel Fairclough ( 1594 - -1677 ) was an English nonconformist divine .
Capel Berrow ( 1716 - -1782 ) , was an English divine .
David Brickhill - Jones ( born 1981 ) is a British orienteer .
Philip Francis Little ( 1824 -- October 21 , 1897 ) was the first Premier of Newfoundland Colony between 1855 and 1858 .
Axar Patel , also spelled as Akshar Patel , ( born 20 January 1994 ) is an Indian cricketer .
Jamie Amihere Moore ( born 19 March 1992 ) is an English professional footballer of Ghanaian descent who is currently a free agent .
Petar Mišić ( born 24 July 1994 ) is a Croatian footballer currently playing for Slaven Belupo on loan from Dinamo Zagreb in the Prva HNL .
Pandit Vishnu Deo OBE ( 17 July 1900 - 7 May 1968 ) was the first Fiji born and bred leader of the Fiji Indians .
William Kinney ( 1781 -- October 1 , 1843 ) was an American pioneer , politician , and merchant who was the third Lieutenant Governor of Illinois .
Kumar Deobrat Singh ( born 24 October 1992 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Jharkhand cricket team .
Mary Carr Moore ( 6 August 1873 - 9 January 1957 ) was an American composer , conductor , vocalist , and music educator of the twentieth century .
Alexei Eremenko ( born Aleksei Alekseyevich Yeryomenko ; Russian : Алексей Алексеевич Ерёменко ; born 24 March 1983 ) is a Russian - born Finnish professional footballer .
Steve Maish ( born 22 November 1963 in Southend , Essex ) is a darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Waffen SS Sturmbannführer ( Major ) Hans Josef Kieffer ( 4 December 1900 -- 26 June 1947 ) was the senior German intelligence officer in Paris during the German occupation of France in World War II . In 1944 he was in command of the German troops who murdered captured SAS men during Operation Bulbasket .
Halil Asani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Халил Асани , born 27 March 1974 ) is a Serbian football player .
Paul Hanagan ( born 8 September 1980 in Warrington , Cheshire ) is a leading British flat horse racing jockey .
Marie Amachoukeli ( born 16 July 1979 ) , sometimes credited as Marie Amachoukeli - Barsacq , is a French film director and screenwriter of Georgian descent .
Lassana Coulibaly ( born 10 April 1996 ) is a Malian footballer who plays as a striker for French Ligue 1 club SC Bastia .
Pasi Koskinen ( born 1972 ) is a Finnish metal vocalist and musician , currently the vocalist and guitarist of the band Datura Nemesis ( 2013- ) , but he is perhaps best known as the vocalist of the band Amorphis ( 1995 - 2004 ) .
Susan Price ( born 8 July 1955 ) is an English author of children 's and young adult novels .
Kees van Baaren ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkeːs fɑn ˈbaːrə(n ) ) or ( ˈkeːs vɑn ˈbaːrə(n ) ) when pronouncing every word in isolation . ; 22 October 1906 -- 2 September 1970 ) was a Dutch composer and teacher .
Euphemia of Sicily ( 1330 - -1359 ) was regent of Sicily from 1355 until 1357 during the minority of her brother , King Frederick the Simple .
Bruce Tasker ( born 2 September 1987 ) is a British bobsleigher and former track athlete .
Paul Scharfe ( 6 September 1876 -- 29 July 1942 ) was an SS - Obergruppenführer und General der Waffen - SS . He was the first director of the Hauptamt SS - Gericht ( English : SS Court Main Office ) .
Diana Yakovleva ( Russian : Диана Алексеевна Яковлева ; born 13 April 1988 ) is a Russian foil fencer , silver medal in the 2014 European Fencing Championships and team silver medal in the 2014 World Fencing Championships .
Alair Cruz Vicente ( born 19 April 1981 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who has last played as a left back for Telstar .
Konstantinos Dovas ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Δόβας ) ( 20 December 1898 - -1973 ) was a Greek general and interim Prime Minister .
Wolfgang Herold ( born 24 October 1961 ) works as a film producer and sound supervisor .
Bent Åserud ( born 5 April 1950 ) is a Norwegian musician and film score composer .
Ivan Guilhon ( born January 1979 ) , is a Brazilian heavy metal bassist .
Francis Parker Shepard ( 10 May 1897 -- 25 April 1985 ) was an American sedimentologist most associated with his studies of submarine canyons and seafloor currents around continental shelves and slopes .
Kelvin Avon aka Afreex ( born 1975 in Lusaka , Zambia ) is a platinum selling music producer , songwriter and mix engineer based in London and Hong Kong , he made his name working on remixes for artists such as P. Diddy , Erykah Badu , Mario , Lumidee , Jamelia and many more .
Peter Schofield ( born 12 February 1932 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond , Melbourne and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1950s .
Matteo Rabottini ( born 14 August 1987 ) is an Italian racing cyclist who rode for the UCI Professional Continental team Neri Sottoli .
Guy Overfelt ( born 1977 in Baltimore ) is a conceptual artist based in San Francisco and Bolinas , California .
Juan Antonio Pizzi Torroja ( born 7 June 1968 ) is a retired professional footballer who played as a striker , and the current manager of the Chilean national team .
Charles Abdy Marcon ( 22 September 1853 -- c. 1949 ) was an English clergyman , Master of Marcon 's Hall , Oxford , from 1891 to 1918 , then from 1918 Vicar of Kennington .
Maria Schrader ( born 27 September 1965 ) is a German actress , screenwriter , and director .
Jacob Lee ( born Jacob Lee Christian Blowes , 4 November 1994 in Southport , Queensland ) is an Australian singer and songwriter .
Oliver Wehner ( 7 . July 1984 in Pirna ) is a German politician ( CDU ) .
Sarah Bouhaddi ( born 17 October 1986 ) is a French football player currently playing for Olympique Lyon of the Division 1 Féminine .
Katherine Patricia Routledge , CBE ( born 17 February 1929 ) , is an English actress and singer .
Sir Anish Kapoor , CBE RA ( Punjabi : ਅਨੀਸ਼ ਕਪੂਰ , Urdu : انیش کاپور‎ , Arabic : انيش كابور‎ ) , ( born 12 March 1954 ) is a British - Indian sculptor .
Colin Slater MBE ( born on 28 February 1934 in Bradford , England ) is an English Sports commentator for BBC Radio Nottingham .
Billy Hector , born 1956 , is a blues guitarist and singer - songwriter from Orange , New Jersey .
William Clopton ( 1538 - 1592 ) was a member of the English gentry who inherited New Place in Stratford upon Avon , and in 1563 sold it to William Bott .
Sebastian Wurth ( born 21 July 1994 in Wipperfürth , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German singer and was a participant in season 8 of Deutschland sucht den Superstar , making it to the Top 5 .
Jean - Louis Hardouin Michelin de Choisy ( 25 May 1786 -- 9 July 1867 , Versailles ) was a French malacologist and palaeontologist .
Patrick K. Collins ( born 12 September 1977 , Dublin , Ireland ) is the current Assistant Head Coach at Greystones RFC in A.I.B League / Division 2 .
Vassilis Triantafyllakos ( Greek : Βασίλης Τριανταφυλλάκος ; born 16 July 1991 ) is a Greek football striker currently playing for Panthrakikos .
Del Casher ( originally Delton Kacher . Born 1938 in Hammond , Indiana ) is an American guitarist and inventor .
Theodora , daughter of Constantine VII ( born c. 946 ) was the second wife and first Empress consort of John I Tzimiskes .
Veton Surroi ( Albanian : Veton Surroi , Serbo - Croat : Ветон Сурои , Veton Suroji ) ( born 17 July 1961 ) is a Kosovo Albanian publicist , politician and former journalist .
Arve Johnsen ( born 18 February 1934 ) is a Norwegian industrial executive and politician .
Volha Dubouskaya ( Belarusian : Вольга Дубоўская , née Salevich - Салевіч ; born 9 October 1983 in Bolshie Shilovichi ) is a Belarusian long - distance runner .
Bruno Marioni ( born Bruno Giménez 15 June 1975 , in Paraná ) is a retired Argentine striker who preferred to attack from the sides .
Gordon Mair ( born 18 December 1958 in Bothwell , Scotland ) is a Scottish footballer who is best known for his career with Notts County .
Susan Ware ( born August 22 , 1950 ) , is an independent scholar , writer and editor who lives in Cambridge , MA and Hopkinton , NH .
Colin Eric Allen ( born 9 May 1938 , Bournemouth , Hampshire ( now in Dorset ) , England ) is an English blues drummer and songwriter .
Inga Sempé ( born 1968 ) is a French designer and constructor of technical items , who designs furniture , lamps and other design objects for manufacturers like Ligne Roset , Alessi und Baccarat .
Glen Jenvey ( born 9 April 1965 ) is a British journalist who claims to have infiltrated , undermined and exposed radical Islamic groups .
Michele Antonio Varano ( born 13 July 1951 ) is an Italian criminal accused of being a member of the ' Ndrangheta , a Mafia - type organisation in Calabria .
Ellen Fiedler , ( née Neumann , born 26 November 1958 in Demmin , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern ) is a former East German 400 metres hurdler .
Fathi Hassan ( Arabic : فتحي حسن‎ ) ( born 10 May 1957 ) is an Egyptian - born , Italian - based artist known for his installations involving the written word and painting .
Oleksandr Ivashchenko ( born 19 February 1985 in Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football striker who plays in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Brad Fox ( born 9 October 1969 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and Richmond in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and Perth in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Albert James Hannan ( 27 July 1887 -- 1 January 1965 ) was a lawyer who for 25 years was Crown Solicitor for South Australia .
Zero Chou ( Chinese : 周美玲 ; pinyin : Zhōu Měilíng , born 24 July 1969 ) is a Taiwanese director .
Deniz Naki ( born 9 July 1989 ) is a German footballer who is currently playing for Amed SK .
Nansi Richards Jones ( 14 May 1888 -- 21 December 1979 ) was a Welsh harpist , sometimes known as the `` Queen of the Harp '' .
Jean - Jacques Bouya ( born 24 May 1962 ) is a Congolese politician who has served in the government of Congo - Brazzaville as Minister at the Presidency for Spatial Planning since 2012 .
Ellice Pilkington ( 1 September 1869 -- 24 August 1936 ) was an Irish women 's activist and artist .
Isobel Campbell ( born 27 April 1976 ) is a Scottish singer - songwriter , cellist and composer .
Simon Ratcliffe ( born 8 February 1967 ) is an English former professional football player , who is manager of Gillingham Ladies and the Gillingham Girls Academy .
Fred Fassert ( born 1935 ) is most famously known as the writer of the popular song `` Barbara Ann , '' which was originally written for the band that he was in at the time , The Regents .
Eliud Kipchoge ( born 5 November 1984 in Kapsisiywa , Nandi District ) is a Kenyan long distance runner who has won medals at Olympic and World level .
Mariano Idelman ( Hebrew : מריאנו אידלמן ; born 27 June 1974 , Argentina ) is an Israeli actor and comedian .
Sriram Chauhan ( born 20 September 1953 , Khalilabad , Basti ) is an Indian politician .
Vice Admiral Sir William Munro Kerr KBE , CB ( 4 March 1876 -- 26 October 1959 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be First Naval Member & Chief of the Australian Naval Staff .
Eddy Willems is a known Belgian security expert born in 1962 .
Adolf Benda ( 27 November 1845 -- 12 November 1878 ) was a Bohemian regional historian , council administrator and glass and jewelry craftsman .
Hugh Sheridan ( born 30 June 1985 ) is an Australian actor , musician and television presenter who is known for his role as Ben Rafter in the television series Packed to the Rafters .
Johnny Lira ( 1951 -- December 8 , 2012 ) was a professional lightweight and welterweight boxing contender who was born and died in Chicago , Illinois .
John Brownlow , 1st Viscount Tyrconnel KB ( 16 November 1690 -- 27 February 1754 ) , known as Sir John Brownlow , 5th Baronet , from 1701 to 1718 , was a British Member of Parliament .
Henry Middleton ( 1717 -- June 13 , 1784 ) was a planter and public official from South Carolina .
Ray Baverstock ( born 3 December 1963 ) is a former professional football midfielder .
Fatimah Rohani binti Ismail ( born 27 March 1992 ) , professionally known as Emma Maembong , is a Malaysian actress and a model .
Miguel Rosich y Mass ( ca . 1835 -- ca . 1915 ) was Mayor of Ponce , Puerto Rico from 1889 to 1890 and again in 1897 .
Peter Cheruiyot Kirui ( born 2 January 1988 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who competes over 10,000 metres on the track and in road running competitions .
Cyril Domb FRS ( 9 December 1920 -- 15 February 2012 ) was an internationally recognized theoretical physicist best known for his lecturing and writing on the theory of phase transitions and critical phenomena of fluids .
Jonny Porkpie ( born 1974 ) is a New York City - based writer , director , and performer in neo - burlesque .
Martin Grene ( 1616 - -1667 ) , was an English Jesuit .
Ikechuku Ndukwe ( born July 17 , 1982 ) is a former American Football offensive guard in the National Football League .
Francesco Robortello ( Latin : Franciscus Robortellus ; 1516 - -1567 ) was a Renaissance humanist , nicknamed Canis grammaticus ( `` the grammatical dog '' ) for his confrontational and demanding manner .
Levi Ruggles Church ( May 1836 -- August 30 , 1892 ) was a Quebec doctor , lawyer , judge and political figure .
Roberto Colacone ( born 26 April 1974 ) is an Italian footballer He spent most of his career at Serie B and Serie C1 .
Flora Jessop ( born 1969 ) is an American social activist , author , and advocate for abused children .
Andrea Eckert ( born 17 September 1958 ) is an Austrian stage and film actress , singer and documentary filmmaker .
Mathew D. McCubbins ( born 1956 ) is the Ruth F. De Varney Professor of Political Science and Professor of Law , in the Department of Political Science and School of Law at Duke University .
Ubertino of Casale ( 1259 -- c. 1329 ) was an Italian Franciscan and one of the leaders ( together with Michael of Cesena ) of the Spirituals , the stricter branch of the Franciscan order .
Dragan Vasiljković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Васиљковић , born 12 December 1954 ) , nicknamed Captain Dragan ( Serbian : Kapetan Dragan/Капетан Драган ) , was a founder and captain of the Serbian paramilitary unit called the Knindže ( Knin ninjas , Red berets ) .
Lisa Demetz ( born 21 May 1989 ) is an Italian ski jumper , who represents as a military athlete the C.S. Esercito .
Father Abdel Messih El - Makari was born in 1892 in the village of Abou Shehata , Matai district , El - Menya governorate , Egypt .
Darren Bewick ( born 21 August 1967 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who won two premierships with Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Molly Pesce ( aka Molly Scott ) ( born c. 1963 ) is an American actress .
Jonas Elrod , born February 1 , 1972 , is an American writer , director and producer for television and film .
Walter Curle ( or Curll ; 1575 -- 1647 ) was an English bishop , a close supporter of William Laud .
Thomas James McAvoy ( b. September 17 , 1938 ) is a federal judge for the U.S. District Court , Northern District of New York .
Bruce Duperouzel ( born 21 April 1950 in Northam ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Giuseppe Zevola ( born 1952 , in Napoli ) is a painter , philosopher and poet .
Mary Queeny ( Arabic : ماري كويني‎ ; 1913 - -2003 ) was an Egyptian actress and film producer .
Ze'ev Ben Aryeh ( born 30 October 1945 ) is an Israeli diplomat and the former Israeli ambassador to Belarus , who plead guilty to illegally tipping off his long - term friend Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to a criminal investigation being conducted into his affairs .
Iresh Zaker ( born Iresh Zaker ; 6 November 1976 ) is a Bangladeshi actor , producer and television personality .
Mick Mercer ( born 1958 ) is a journalist and author best known for his photos and reviews of the goth , punk and indie music scenes .
Zhu Lühe ( Chinese : 朱履龢 ; pinyin : Zhū Lǚhé ; Wade -- Giles : Chu Lü - he ; 1877 -- April 13 , 1945 ) was a politician and judicial officer in the Republic of China .
Brinley Richards ( 13 April 1904 -- 18 September 1981 ) was a Welsh language poet and author , who was Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales from 1972 to 1975 .
Tahir Aslam Gora ( born 1963 ) is a Pakistani editor , publisher , ( English to Urdu ) translator , and writer of fiction and non - fiction .
Belinda Mulrooney ( 1872 - -1967 ) was an entrepreneur and purportedly the `` richest woman in the Klondike '' .
Martin Sinclair Frankland Hood ( born 31 January 1917 ) , generally known as Sinclair Hood , is an archaeologist and academic .
Kemar McGregor ( born 20 June 1980 ) , also known by his nicknames , DJ Flava and Flava McGregor , is a Jamaican - American pop reggae producer .
Nikola Jurčević ( born 14 September 1966 ) is a retired Croatian footballer and current coach and assistant manager at West Ham United .
Indira Naidoo ( born 1968 in Pietermaritzburg , South Africa ) is an Australian author , journalist and television presenter .
Shawn Tok ( Chinese : 卓轩正 ; born 8 January 1994 ) is a Singaporean singer .
Gao Jinsong ( simplified Chinese : 高劲松 ; traditional Chinese : 高勁松 ; pinyin : Gāo Jìnsōng ; born August 1963 ) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Southwest China 's Yunnan province .
Gustafva Björklund ( 1794 - -1862 ) was a Swedish cookery book - author and restaurant owner .
Lee Brimmicombe - Wood ( born in London on 7 December 1963 ) is a British designer of board games and video games .
Joel Belz ( born 1941 ) is the founder of God 's World Publications in 1977 , which includes the World Journalism Institute started in 1999 and WORLD magazine , a biweekly Christian newsmagazine , in 1986 .
Kari Buen ( born 23 January 1938 at Kongsberg ) is a Norwegian sculptor .
Carolina Muzzilli ( 17 November 1889 -- 1917 ) was an Argentine industrial researcher and social activist of Italian descent .
Ralf Berckhan ( born 2 October 1931 ) is a German sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s and modern pentathlete who competed in the early 1960s .
Oğuzhan Biçer ( born 17 April 1994 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Yeşil Bursa SK .
Dave Kleiman ( 1967 -- April 26 , 2013 ) was a noted Forensic Computer Investigator , an author / coauthor of multiple books and a noted speaker at security related events .
Azarmi Dukht Safavi ( born 1948 ) is an Indian scholar and founding Director of the Institute of Persian Research , Aligarh Muslim University .
Randal Marlin ( born 1938 in Washington , D.C. ) is a Canadian philosophy professor at Carleton University in Ottawa who specializes in the study of propaganda .
Philip Suriano ( born 1948 ) is an American actor , probably best known for playing the doomed Dominic Santoro in Martin Scorsese 's 1995 film Casino , based on real - life mobster Michael Spilotro .
Jan Delay ( born Jan Phillip Eißfeldt ; 25 August 1976 ) is a German singer , songwriter , and producer whose stylistic range includes mainly hip hop , reggae , dub and funk .
Mona Wallén - Hjerpe sometimes called Sjösalakvinnan ( The Sjösala Woman ) was born 24 January 1932 in Stockholm and died 19 June 2008 ( aged 76 ) .
Scot Gresham - Lancaster ( b. Redwood City , CA , USA , 1954 ) is a composer , performer , instrument builder , educator and educational technology specialist with over three decades of professional experience .
Catherine Belsey ( born 1940 ) is a British literary critic , Bernard , Catherine .
Fan Weijun ( in Chinese : 樊偉軍 , born 20 November 1978 ) , is a Chinese football player who is now playing in Happy Valley .
Elizabeth Buchan , née Oakleigh - Walker ( born 21 May 1948 ) is a British writer of non - fiction and fiction books since 1985 .
Solomon ben Judah of Lunel ( born 1411 ) ( Hebrew : שלמה בן יהודה ) was a Provençal philosopher .
David Westley ( born 7 June 1974 ) is a retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Pavel Pavlovich Kozlovsky ( Belarusian : Павел Паўлавіч Казлоўскі , Russian : Павел Павлович Козловский ; born 9 March 1942 ) is a retired Soviet and Belarusian military leader and independent politician .
Hamidou Laanigri ( Arabic : حميدو لعنيݣري‎ ) ( born 1939 near Meknes ) is a Moroccan general and former head of the intelligence service of the Moroccan Ministry of the Interior .
Benito Floro Sanz ( born 2 June 1952 ) is a Spanish football manager , currently in charge of the Canadian national team .
Samson Tam Wai - ho , JP ( ( traditional Chinese ( HK))=譚偉豪 ) ( born 26 February 1964 in Hong Kong ) was an elected member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong ( Functional constituency , Information Technology ) from 2008 to 2012 .
Gordon Sharp ( born 1961 in Linlithgow , West Lothian , Scotland ) is a Scottish singer , musician and producer .
Jermaine Leong ( born December 1998 ) is an English singer from Singapore .
Henry Playfair ( born 22 January 1983 ) is the current forwards coach at the Sydney Swans , having previously been an Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League .
Naina Dhaliwal ( born 16 September 1984 ) is an Indian model and actress in Bollywood .
Louis Koemmenich ( October 4 , 1866 -- August 14 , 1922 ) was an American composer and conductor who took his own life in 1922 .
Jack Farthing ( born October 14 , 1985 ) is an English actor who is notable for playing Freddie Threepwood in Blandings and George Balfour in The Riot Club .
Michael Scheickl ( born 23 March 1957 ) is an Austrian singer , composer and record producer .
Helmut Müller - Enbergs ( born Haltern / NRW 1960 ) is a German academic ( Political sciences ) who has written extensively on the Stasi and related aspects of the German Democratic Republic 's history .
Aurelijus Rūtenis Antanas Mockus Šivickas ( born 25 March 1952 ) is a Colombian mathematician , philosopher , and politician .
Patrick Francis Robertson ( 24 August 1807 - 20 January 1885 ) was a British businessman and a Liberal Conservative MP for Hastings , East Sussex , England .
Ali Umar ( born 5 August 1980 ) was a Maldivian footballer until 2013 .
Christoph Fisser , born in 1960 , is a German film producer and Vice - President / COO of Studio Babelsberg AG . Christoph Fisser acquired Studio Babelsberg together with his business associate and present CEO Charlie Woebcken in July 2004 from the French media group Vivendi .
Liakat Ali Errol Alibux ( born in Paramaribo on 30 November 1948 ) is a Surinamese politician historically associated to the PALU .
Andreas Klarström ( born 23 December 1977 ) is a Swedish professional football who plays as midfielder for Fristads GoIF .
Derrick Lythgoe ( 5 May 1933 -- 30 December 2012 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Blackpool , Bristol City and Norwich City .
Esteban Toledo ( born 10 September 1962 ) is a Mexican professional golfer , who was a member of the PGA Tour in 1994 and 1998 - -2004 and has also spent many years playing on the second tier Nationwide Tour .
Johannes de Stokem ( or Johannes Stokem , last name also Prato , Pratis , Stockem , Stokhem , Stoken , Stoccken , Stoecken , Sthoken ; c. 1445 -- 1487 or 1501 ) , was a Flemish composer of the Renaissance .
Jurgis Karnavičius ( born in 1957 Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian pianist .
J.D. Malone , born in 1965 , grew up in the small town of Bennington , Vermont .
Noé González Alcoba ( born 12 May 1979 ) `` the coal - miner '' is a Urugayan boxer and a former world title challenger .
Mojtaba Heidarpour ( Persian : مجتبی حیدرپور‎ , born 20 September 1988 ) is an Iranian handball player for Samen Sabzevar and the Iranian national team .
David Readman ( born 6 July 1970 ) is an English singer , best known as the vocalist of the band Pink Cream 69 and former vocalist of progressive metal band Adagio .
Christian Hardy ( born 7 June 1979 ) is a British singer , multi - instrumentalist and producer .
Brenda Fricker ( born 17 February 1945 ) is an Irish actress of theatre , film and television .
Sister Margaret McKenna , M.M.S. , ( born 1940 ) is an American Medical Mission Sister and anti - militarist activist .
Naren Kulung ( नरेन कुलुङ , Born : 1983 ) is singer , composer , lyricist , social activist of Nepal based in Sydney .
Gustav Laabs ( born 20 December 1902 ) was a German SS - Hauptscharführer and prior to that a Kriminalsekretär ( Detective Sergeant ) .
Luigi Consonni ( born 7 February 1977 ) is an Italian footballer who last played for Grosseto at Serie B.
William Murray , 2nd Lord Nairne ( ca . 1665 -- 3 February 1726 ) was a Scottish peer and Jacobite who fought in the Rising of 1715 , after which he was attainted and condemned to death for treason , but in 1717 he was indemnified and released .
Leonard Swett ( 1825 - 1889 ) was a civil and criminal lawyer who advised and assisted Abraham Lincoln throughout the president 's political career .
Sir Donald Friell McLeod CB KCSI ( 6 May 1810 -- 28 November 1872 ) was a Lieutenant Governor of British Punjab ( in office : 10 January 1865 -- 1 June 1870 ) .
Akashi Shiganosuke ( 明石 志賀之助 ) ( c. 1600 -- c. 1649 ) is purported to be a sumo wrestler in antiquity who is formally recognized as the first yokozuna .
James H. Stewart ( 1859 - 1924 ) was a teacher and Republican politician .
Johann von Posilge ( ca . 1340 -- 1405 ) was a parish priest of Deutsch Eylau ( Iława ) and later assistant to Bishop of Pomesania .
Edward Devereux , 11th Viscount Hereford ( c. 1710 -- 20 August 1760 ) was a British peer .
Gligorije Trlajić ( 25 January 1766 , Mol ( Bačka ) -- 28 September 1811 , Harkov , then part of Imperial Russia ) was a Serbian writer , poet , polylgot and professor of law at the universities of St. Petersburg and Kharkiv ( Harkov ) .
Justice N. D. Krishna Rao ( 19 July 1904 -- 21 February 1971 ) was Chief Justice of Andhra Pradesh High Court .
Alexander Caulfield Anderson ( 10 March 1814 -- 8 May 1884 ) was a Hudson 's Bay Company fur - trader , explorer of British Columbia and civil servant .
Sir Harold Idris Bell CB OBE ( 2 October 1879 -- 22 January 1967 ) was a British papyrologist ( specialising in Roman Egypt ) and scholar of Welsh literature .
Saint Francis of Assisi ( Italian : San Francesco d'Assisi ) , born Giovanni di Pietro di Bernardone , informally named as Francesco ( 1181/1182 -- 3 October 1226 ) , was an Italian Roman Catholic friar and preacher .
Abu ' Abdallah Muhammad ibn Tahir ibn ' Abdallah ( Arabic : أبو عبد الله محمد بن طاهر بن عبد الله‎ , died c. 910 ) was the last Tahirid governor of Khurasan , from 862 until 873 .
Evelyn Flinders ( March 21 , 1910 -- November 1997 ) was a British comics artist who worked in girls ' comics .
June Randall ( 26 June 1927 -- 18 January 2015 ) was a British script supervisor whose career spanned over five decades and more than 100 film and television productions .
Cen Hun ( died 280 ) was a minister under Eastern Wu during the later years of the Three Kingdoms Period of China .
Monotosh Roy ( Bengali : মনতোষ রায় ) ( 21 October 1917 -- 29 June 2005 ) was an Indian bodybuilder , who held the Mr. Universe title in Group III Amateur Division in 1951 .
Ali Adil Shah I ( 1558 - -1579 ) was the fifth Sultan of Bijapur Sultanate .
( Florence ) Mabel Quiller - Couch ( c. 1866 , Cornwall -- November 1924 ) was an English editor , compiler and children 's writer .
Edith Rigby ( 1872 - -1948 ) was an English suffragette .
Joseph Zubin ( 9 October 1900 -- 18 December 1990 ) was a Lithuanian born American educational psychologist and an authority on schizophrenia who is commemorated by the Joseph Zubin Awards .
Charles Peccatte ( 14 October 1850 -- 22 October 1918 ) was a French Archetier ( bow maker ) .
Johnny Meijer ( born ' Jan Cornelis Meijer ' 1 October 1912 in Amsterdam ; died 8 January 1992 in Amsterdam ) was an accordionist who played classical , folk , and swing .
William Henry John Slee , FGS ( 1836 - -1907 ) , was an Australian geologist , mines inspector , and mining warden .
Simon Bowde ( died 1595 ) of Norwich , Norfolk , was an English politician .
Ernest Abraham Hart ( 26 June 1835 -- 7 January 1898 ) was an English medical journalist .
Cornelis Cels ( 10 June 1778 -- 3 March 1859 ) was a Belgian painter of portraits and historical subjects .
Anthony Burges or Burgess ( died 1664 ) was a Nonconformist English clergyman , a prolific preacher and writer .
George Sirian ( 1818 - -December 21 , 1891 ) was a Greek war orphan brought into the United States aboard the USS Constitution ( `` Old Ironsides '' ) .
Harold Alexander Lilly ( April 3 , 1885 -- 1936 ) was a farmer , car dealer and political figure in Saskatchewan .
Patrick Mulligan ( born 9 June 1912 - 21 January 1990 ) was the Roman Catholic Lord Bishop of Clogher in Ireland from 18 January 1970 until 7 July 1979 , when he was succeeded by Joseph Duffy .
Vishnu Sitaram Sukthankar ( 4 May 1887 - 21 January 1943 ) was an eminent Indologist and a scholar of Sanskrit .
Oliver Partridge ( 1712 - 1792 ) was a military commander , politician and early American patriot .
William C. Palmer ( 1906 - -1987 ) was an American painter who created public murals .
Aldo Nannini ( 13 March 1951 -- 4 November 1977 ) was a Venezuelan professional motorcycle racer .
Alexander Jolly ( 1756 - -1838 ) was bishop of Moray , Ross and Caithness in the Scottish Episcopal Church .
Hugo Ironside died 3 October 2008 , aged 90 .
Maria Clementina Sobieska ( sometimes spelled : Maria Klementyna Sobieska ) ( 18 July 1702 -- 18 January 1735 ) was a Polish noblewoman , the granddaughter of the Polish king John III Sobieski , and wife of James Francis Edward Stuart , Jacobite pretender to the English throne .
Edward Hunloke made his will on June 4 , 1702 ; proved August 8 , 1702 .
Alexander Buckingham ( ca . 1777 - 1853 ) was one of the main organ builders in England during the early 19th century .
James Aspinall ( died 1861 ) , was a miscellaneous writer and popular preacher .
Don Devereux ( 18 October , 1932 - 8 February 1995 ) was a Welsh international prop who played rugby union for Neath and rugby league for Huddersfield .
Arthur Findlay MBE JP ( 1883 -- July 1964 ) was a writer , accountant , stockbroker and Essex magistrate , as well as a significant figure in the history of the religion of Spiritualism , being a partial founder of the newspaper Psychic News and also a founder of the International Institute for Psychical Research .
Đinh Nhu ( Hải Phòng , 1910-Yên Bái , 17 March 1945 ) was a Vietnamese songwriter and independence activist against the French .
Luo Binwang ( simplified Chinese : 骆宾王 ; traditional Chinese : 駱賓王 ; pinyin : Luò Bīnwáng ; Wade -- Giles : Lo Pin - wang , ca . 619 - -684 ? ) , courtesy name Guanguang ( 觀光/观光 ) , was a Chinese poet of the Tang dynasty .
Takis Tsiakos ( Greek : Τάκης Τσιάκος , 1909 - -1997 ) was a Greek poet , representative of the poetic style of Kostis Palamas .
Friedrich - Wilhelm Neumann ( 22 January 1889 -- 26 January 1975 ) was a highly decorated Generalleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II who held several divisional and corps level commands .
Panampilly Govinda Menon ( Malayalam : പനമ്പിള്ളി ഗോവിന്ദമേനോന്‍ ) ( 1 October 1906 -- 23 May 1970 ) was an Indian politician , freedom fighter , and lawyer .
Joseph Sheffield ( 1661 - 1706 ) was an inhabitant of Portsmouth in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations during the last half of the 17th century .
Peadar Toner Mac Fhionnlaoich ( 5 October 1857 -- 1 July 1942 ; English : P.T. MacGinley ) , known as Cú Uladh ( The Hound of Ulster ) , was an Irish language writer during the Gaelic Revival .
James Thorneloe Smith M.Inst C.E. , ( 20 August 1825 -- 14 March 1902 ) was an engineer and politician in colonial Queensland , member of the Queensland Legislative Council .
Leonid Teliga ( 28 May 1917 -- 21 May 1970 ) was a Polish sailor , writer , journalist , translator and the first Pole to single - handedly circumnavigate the globe on his yawl Opty .
Clayton Earl Desmond ( 9 March 1894 -- 14 July 1968 ) was a National Government and Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Louis Oscar Griffith ( 1875 - -1956 ) was an American painter known for his landscapes .
Professor Sir James Fitzjames Duff ( 1 February 1898 -- 1970 ) was an English educator .
Sir Richard Reynell , 1st Baronet ( 1626 -- 18 October 1699 ) , was an English - born judge who had a distinguished career in Ireland and held office as Lord Chief Justice of the King 's Bench in Ireland .
Sir John Leman ( 1544 - -1632 ) was a tradesman from Beccles , England who became Lord Mayor of London .
Richard Creagh ( born at Limerick early in the sixteenth century ; died in the Tower of London about December 1586 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman who was the Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland in the second half of the sixteenth century .
Ya'akov Riftin ( Hebrew : יעקב ריפתין‎ , born 16 March 1907 , died 14 May 1978 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam between 1949 and 1965 .
Walter Francis Short ( 1832 - -1910 ) was an English academic , schoolmaster , clergyman and rower .
John Tufton , 2nd Earl of Thanet ( 15 December 1608 -- 7 May 1664 ) was an English nobleman and supporter of Charles I of England .
Mary Ellis Peltz ( 4 May 1896 -- 24 October 1981 ) was an American drama and music critic , magazine editor , poet and writer on music .
Moustapha Lô ( died 15 June 1967 ) was a Senegalese man who attempted to assassinate Senegalese President Léopold Sédar Senghor on 22 March 1967 at the Dakar Grand Mosque .
Arpad Miklos ( born Péter Kozma , 11 September 1967 -- 3 February 2013 ) , known under various pseudonyms was a Hungarian pornographic actor who appeared in gay and straight pornographic films .
Norman Iversen ( 15 October 1910 -- 1964 ) was a Norwegian sailor , resistance member and communist politician .
Trude Guermonprez ( 1910 - 1976 ) , born Gertrud Jalowetz , was a German textile artist and designer .
Pat Daly ( 4 December 1927 - 1 January 2003 ) , also known as Paddy Daly was a former Irish football player who played as a centre half .
Glenn L. Archer ( 1906 - -2002 ) was one of the founders and the first Executive Director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State , formerly known as Protestants and Other Americans United for Separation of Church and State .
Eva Heller ( 8 April 1948 - 31 January 2008 ) was a German writer and social scientist .
Muhammad Emin Er ( c. 1914 -- 27 June 2013 ) was an Islamic scholar trained in the Ottoman tradition and former student of Bediüzzaman Said Nursi .
Jozo Penava ( 26 May 1909 -- 17 January 1987 ) was a Bosnian music producer , composer , arranger , musician and vocalist .
Abdi Shakur Sheikh Hassan Farah ( Somali : Cabdishakuur Sheekh Xasan Faarax , Arabic : عبدي الشكور الشيخ حسن‎ ) ( died 10 June 2011 ) was a Somali politician .
Ratu Hijau ( Thai : รายาฮิเยา ; Malay : راتو هيجاو ) was a Malay sovereign queen of Patani who reigned from 1584 - -1616 .
Charles Clements , 5th Earl of Leitrim ( 23 June 1879 -- 9 June 1952 ) , styled Viscount Clements until 1892 , was an Irish nobleman .
Varney Monk ( 1892 - -1967 ) was an Australian pianist and composer , best known for writing the musicals Collits ' Inn ( 1933 ) and The Cedar Tree ( 1934 ) .
Karel Duba ( 29 September 1923 , Písek -- 21 August 1968 , Ulan Bator , Mongolia ) was a Czech guitarist , composer and bandleader .
Robert Harington , 3rd Baron Harington ( 1356 - 1406 ) of Gleaston Castle in the manor of Aldingham in Furness , Lancashire , was an English peer .
Everett George Klippert ( 1926 - -1996 ) was the last person in Canada to be arrested , charged , prosecuted , convicted , and imprisoned for homosexuality before its legalization in 1969 ; the reforms which led to Canadian legalization of homosexuality were a direct result of the Klippert case .
Edmund Feilde ( also Field ) ( 1620 - -1676 ) was an English barrister and politician .
Fabrizio Paolucci ( 2 April 1651 - 12 June 1726 ) was an Italian cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church , appointed by Pope Innocent XII .
Chindodi Leela ( 1937 -- 21 January 2010 ) was an Indian stage and film actress , politician , and writer from Karnataka .
Harcourt Vanden - Bempde - Johnstone , 1st Baron Derwent ( 3 January 1829 -- 1 March 1916 ) , known as Sir Harcourt Vanden - Bempde - Johnstone , 3rd Baronet , from 1869 to 1881 , was a British peer and Liberal Member of Parliament .
Charles Henry Daniell ( 5 March 1894 -- 31 October 1963 ) was an English actor , best known for his villainous film roles , but who had a long and prestigious career on stage as well as in films .
John Macqueen Cowan FRSE CBE ( 1892 - 1960 ) was a prominent Scottish botanist in the mid 20th century .
Vincent McHugh ( died 1977 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician .
Yves Pratte ( 7 March 1925 -- 26 June 1988 ) was a Canadian lawyer and jurist who served briefly as a Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada .
Somalal Shah ( 1905 - -1994 ) was an Indian painter and art teacher .
Alfred Gordon ( 1874 , Paris -- 1953 ) was a French - born American neurologist remembered for describing Gordon 's sign .
Wu Zhi ( died 230 ) , courtesy name Jizhong ( 季重 ) , was a politician in the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period .
Trần Ích Tắc ( 陳益稷 , 1254 - -1329 ) , title before defection Prince Chiêu Quốc ( Vietnamese : Chiêu Quốc vương / 昭國王 ) was the fifth prince of Trần Thái Tông , first emperor of the Trần Dynasty , and the younger brother of the Emperor Trần Thánh Tông and grand chancellor Trần Quang Khải .
Walter C. Taylor ( February 18 , 1870 - -1929 ) , a.k.a . W.C. Taylor , was a North Dakota politician who served as the North Dakota Insurance Commissioner from 1911 to 1916 .
Andrew Grima ( 31 May 1921 -- 26 December 2007 ) was an Anglo - Italian designer who became known as the doyen of modern jewellery design in Britain .
Leo C. Young ( 12 January 1891 -- 16 January 1981 ) was an American radio engineer who had many accomplishments during a long career at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory .
Adam Gifford , Lord Gifford FRSE ( /ˈɡɪfərd/ ; 29 February 1820 Edinburgh -- 20 January 1887 ) was a Scottish advocate and judge .
Martha Daniell Logan ( 29 December 1704 - 28 June 1779 ) was an early American botanist who was instrumental in seed exchanges between Britain and the North American colonies .
Clement Mitchell ( 20 February 1862 -- 6 October 1937 ) was an English sportsman who represented the England national football team and played first - class cricket with Kent .
Esteban de las Alas ( died 1577 ) was a Spanish sailor who served as interim governor of La Florida from October 1567 to August 1570 , in absence of official governor Pedro Menéndez de Avilés .
Francis Scarfe ( 1911 - -1986 ) was an English poet , critic and novelist , who became an academic , translator and Director of the British Institute in Paris .
John Carmichael , 3rd Earl of Hyndford PC KT ( 15 March 1701 -- 19 July 1767 ) , styled Viscount of Inglisberry between 1710 and 1737 , was a Scottish nobleman and diplomat .
Dimitrie Macedonski ( c. 1780 - -1843 ) was a Wallachian Pandur captain and revolutionary leader .
Ron Gingell ( born 22 October 1920 - October 1988 ) was a British professional footballer , football scout and manager .
Ana Figuero ( June 19 , 1907 - 1970 ) was a Chilean educator , feminist , political activist , and government official .
Ram Narayan Goswami ( died 9 February 2010 in Bardhaman ) was an Indian communist politician and peasant leader .
Nicholas Boilvin ( 1761 - -1827 ) was a 19th - century American frontiersman , fur trader and U.S. Indian Agent .
Gidado dan Laima ( 1817 - -1842 ) also known as Waziri Gidado is the first known Grand Vizier of the Sokoto Caliphate , he was vizier of Sokoto during the sultanship of Muhammed Bello .
Yelkanum Seclamatan ( /jɛlˈkeɪnəm səˈklæmətən/ yel - KAY - nəm sə - KLAM - ə - tən ; Nooksack : Y’elʔqáy’nem Selh’émeten ( jˀəlʔˈqæjˀnəm səˈɬʼəməˌtən ) ; died April 1911 ) , also known as Chief Jim , Indian Jim , Lynden Jim , or Squahalish Jim , was chief of the Nooksack Indians in the late 19th century .
Louis Alexis Baudoin ( Saint - Jean - d'Angély , 2 December 1776 -- Fougueux , off Trafalgar , 21 October 1805 ) was a French Navy officer and captain .
Alice Pruvot - Fol ( 4 August 1873 -- 28 March 1972 ) was a French opisthobranch malacologist .
Frozza Orseolo ( 1015 - 17 February 1071 ) was the third royal consort of Austria .
Rafael Druian ( /drujɒn/ ; January 20 , 1923 -- September 6 , 2002 ) , was an American violinist , conductor and music educator .
Monsun ( 1990 -- 9 September 2012 ) was a bay Thoroughbred racehorse and stallion bred in Germany by Gestüt Isarland and owned by Baron Georg von Ullmann .
Marcin of Wrocimowice ( Polish : Marcin z Wrocimowic , ( ˈmart͡ɕin zvrɔt͡ɕiˈmɔvit͡s ) ; died 1442 ) was a Polish knight and diplomat from the Półkozic clan .
Gáspár Bekes de Kornyát ( also Gáspár de Corniath Bekes , Kornyáti Bekes Gáspár , or Kaspar Bekes , Caspar Bekesh ; 1520 -- 7 November 1579 ) was a Hungarian nobleman who fought Stephen Báthory for the throne of Transylvania after the death of John II Sigismund Zápolya in 1571 .
William Roos ( 1808 -- 4 July 1878 ) was a Welsh artist and engraver .
Putte Wickman ( 10 September 1924 -- 14 February 2006 ) was one of the world 's leading jazz clarinetists .
John Dawnay , 4th Viscount Downe ( 9 April 1728 -- 21 December 1780 ) , was a British peer and Whig politician .
Werner Seligmann ( March 30 , 1930 -- November 12 , 1998 ) , was an architect , urban designer and educator .
Liu Xizai ( Chinese : 刘熙载 , Liú Xīzaǐ ; 1813 - -1881 ) was a major Chinese literati of Qing Dynasty .
Ram Raja Prasad Singh ( Nepali : राम राजा प्रसाद सिंह ) ( 1936 -- 12 September 2012 ) was a Nepalese politician .
Abraham Keteltas ( 1732 - -1798 ) was raised by Protestant parents in New York and New Rochelle , where he spent much of his time among the communities of Huguenots in the area .
Sir George Osborn , 4th Baronet ( 10 May 1742 -- 29 June 1818 ) was born into the British aristocracy .
Theodor Amadeus Müller ( 20 May 1798 , Leipzig - 11 March 1846 in Weimar ) was a German violinist .
Al - Hajj Hedley Churchward ( Mahmoud Mobarek ) ( Aldershot -- 28 August 1929 Johannesburg ) , was an English set designer and painter , notable for converting to Islam and in 1910 being the first known British Muslim to make the Hajj .
Hanna Helena Chrzanowska ( 7 October 1902 - 29 April 1973 ) was a Polish Roman Catholic who served as a nurse and was also a member of the Benedictine oblates .
Anton Gogeisl ( Chinese : 鮑友管 ; pinyin : Bào Yǒuguǎn ; 30 October 1701 -- 12 October 1771 ) was a German Jesuit Missionary .
Mary Ann Wrighten Pownall , née Mary Matthews , ( b. 1751 , d. 12 August 1796 ) was an English singer , actress and composer .
Moses Khumalo ( 30 January 1979 in Soweto -- 4 September 2006 ) was a South African jazz saxophonist .
Julián Bourges ( died 1976 ) was an Argentine film actor .
Ole Elias Holck ( 6 January 1774 -- 14 July 1842 ) was a Norwegian military officer who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly .
Julius Dreschfeld FRCP ( 13 October 1845 -- 13 June 1907 ) was a leading British physician and pathologist .
Since his death in 1989 , Blaise Diesbourg has added new interest in tourism in his hometown of Belle River .
Carl Culmann ( 10 July 1821 -- 9 December 1881 ) was a German structural engineer .
Sir George Munro , 1st of Newmore ( 1602 - -1693 ) was a 17th - century Scottish soldier and member of parliament from the Clan Munro , Ross - shire , Scotland .
Samuel Smiles ( 23 December 1812 -- 16 April 1904 ) , was a Scottish author and government reformer who campaigned on a Chartist platform .
Natalia Castrén ( 1830 - 1881 ) , was a Finnish culture personality and salon hostess .
Perry Henzell ( 7 March 1936 -- 30 November 2006 ) was most famous for being the director of the first Jamaican feature film , The Harder They Come ( 1972 ) co - written by Trevor D. Rhone , starring Jimmy Cliff .
Thomas Cochrane , 8th Earl of Dundonald ( 1691 -- 31 October 1778 ) was a Scottish nobleman , army officer and politician .
Dr. Shisanji Hokari ( 28 March 1908 -- 2 January 2004 ) was a Japanese mathematician .
Eric Gross AM ( 16 September 1926 -- 17 April 2011 ) was an Austrian - Australian pianist , composer and teacher .
Andrea Locatelli ( 19 December 1695 -- 19 February 1741 ) was an Italian painter of landscapes ( vedute ) .
Robert Pember ( died 1560 ) was an English classical scholar .
Dr. Arne Asplund ( 1903 - -1993 ) invented the Defibrator pulping refiner and the defibrator - method ( also called Asplund - method ) for pulping wooden chips in 1930s .
Elizabeth Sweeting ( 1914 - -1999 ) was a leader in performing arts and arts administration in England and Australia .
Christopher St Lawrence , 10th Baron Howth ( c. 1568 - -1619 ) was an Anglo - Irish statesman and soldier of the late Elizabethan and Jacobean era .
Mesrovb Jacob Seth ( born 15 March 1871 in Jolfa - died 31 October 1939 in Calcutta ) was an author , historian and school master of Classical Armenian at the Armenian College and Philanthropic Academy , Kolkata .
Francis Joseph Flynn ( 6 October 1864 -- 5 October 1898 ) , better known as General Mite , was an American dwarf who performed as a showman at various competitions around the world .
Harold William Hounsfield Riley Sr . ( born : 1877 St. Lambert , Quebec - died : 1946 ) was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta .
Zenobia Powell Perry ( October 3 , 1908 - -2004 ) was an African American composer , professor and civil rights activist .
William Francis Strudwick ( c. 1765 - -1812 ) was a U.S. Congressman from the state of North Carolina between 1796 and 1797 .
Ethel Scott ( 1907 - -1984 ) was the first black woman to represent Great Britain in an international athletics competition .
Nathan Adadi ( Hebrew : נתן אדאדי‎ , 1740 - 1818 ) was a Sephardi Hakham , Torah scholar , and kabbalist in the Jewish community of Tripoli , Libya .
David B. Eskind ( 1909 - 1992 ) was a radio scriptwriter and producer .
Sir Frederick Eley , 1st Baronet ( 22 November 1866 -- 7 February 1951 ) was an English banker .
Josiah Burchett ( 1666 ? -- 2 October 1746 ) was Secretary of the Admiralty in England , a position he held for almost fifty years ( 26 September 1694 - 14 October 1742 ) .
Robert Durning Holt ( 11 October 1832 in Liverpool -- 1908 ) was an English shipowner , cotton - broker and local politician .
Frederick Lygon , 6th Earl Beauchamp PC DL ( 10 November 1830 -- 19 February 1891 ) , styled The Honourable Frederick Lygon between 1853 and 1866 , was a British Conservative politician .
Marcel Verhamme ( died 16 November 1943 ) was a Belgian Resistance fighter during World War II . A radio telegrapher by profession , he was recruited in 1941 by Walthère Dewé for the resistance network known as Clarence .
Dugald Buchanan ( Dùghall Bochanan in Gaelic ) ( Ardoch Farm , Strathyre ( near Balquhidder ) in Perthshire , Scotland 1716 - -1768 ) was a Scottish poet writing in Scots and Scottish Gaelic .
Christina Kalogerikou ( Greek : Χριστίνα Καλογερίκου ; 1885 -- 3 November 1968 ) was an actress which she was awarded for her work in the theatre .
Christopher Dale Flannery , aka Mr. Rent - A - Kill ( born 1948 - missing and believed murdered since 9 May 1985 ) is alleged to have been an Australian hitman .
Robin Clidro ( 1545 - -1580 ) was a Welsh language poet and itinerant minstrel from Denbighshire , North Wales .
Ralph Battell , D.D. ( 1649 - -1713 ) was an English divine .
Jacques Morali ( 4 July 1947 -- 15 November 1991 ) was a groundbreaking French Disco & Dance music singer / songwriter , producer , arranger and creator of novelty acts like The Ritchie Family and Village People .
Eduard von Bonin ( 7 March 1793 -- 13 March 1865 ) was a Prussian general officer who served as Prussian Minister of War from 1852 - -54 and 1858 - 59 .
Trần Quang Vinh ( 1897 - 1975 ) was a political leader of the Cao Đài sect active at the time of the establishment of the 1945 Empire of Vietnam .
Snookum Russell ( April 6 , 1913 -- August 1981 ) was an American pianist and leader of a territory band that played tobacco warehouses and dance halls in the South and Midwest in the 1930s , 1940s and 1950s .
Bear JJ1 ( 2004 -- 26 June 2006 ) was a brown bear whose travels and exploits in Austria and Germany in the first half of 2006 drew international attention .
Jakob Fugger of the Lily ( German : Jakob Fugger von der Lilie ) ( 6 March 1459 -- 30 December 1525 ) , also known as Jakob Fugger the Rich or sometimes Jakob II , was a major merchant , mining entrepreneur and banker of Europe .
William Leman Rede ( 31 January 1802 -- 3 April 1847 ) was one of the many prolific and successful playwrights who composed farces , melodramas , burlettas ( light musical and comedies ) , and travesties , primarily for theatres such as the Olympic , Strand , and Adelphi , in the early nineteenth century .
William Neville Harding ( 4 January 1893 -- 31 March 1978 ) was a Taxation accountant , company director and New South Wales local government politician who was Lord Mayor of Sydney and an Alderman of the Sydney City Council from 1935 to 1948 .
Sir William Batten ( c. 1600 -- 1667 ) was an English naval officer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1667 .
Algernon Borthwick , 1st Baron Glenesk JP ( 27 December 1830 -- 24 November 1908 ) , known as Sir Algernon Borthwick , Bt , between 1887 and 1895 , was a British journalist and Conservative politician .
Daud Mirza ( 16 November 1969 -- 12 May 2014 ) was a Pakistani - Norwegian actor .
James Compton , 5th Earl of Northampton ( 2 May 1687 -- 3 October 1754 ) , known as Lord Compton from 1687 to 1727 , was a British peer and politician .
William Frost ( 28 May 1848 -- March 1935 ) was a Welsh designer of an early flying machine , the Frost Airship Glider .
Henry William Poor ( June 16 , 1844 -- April 1915 ) was an American banker , stockbroker , and author .
Major - General Henry MacKinnon ( August 1773 -- 19 January 1812 ) , was a British soldier .
Jake D'Arcy , ( born John Sinclair , 2 December 1945 -- 30 May 2015 ) was a Scottish actor , most recently known for playing `` Pete the Jakey '' on the Scottish comedy programme Still Game .
Karel Klančnik ( 30 May 1917 -- 8 December 2009 ) was a Yugoslavian ski jumper who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s .
Jean de Launoy ( Joannes Launoius ) ( 21 December 1603 -- 10 March 1678 ) was a French historian .
Lotte Brand Philip ( May 27 , 1910 -- May 2 , 1986 ) was a German art historian , professor and expert on Netherlandish art , one of the most notable and incisive experts on 14th- and 15th - century art to have studied under Erwin Panofsky .
David Watterston ( 2 January 1845 -- 23 July 1931 ) was an Australian journalist and newspaper editor ; he was editor of The Australasian from 1885 to 1903 and of The Argus 1903 to 1906 .
José Francisco Álvarez ( 1796 - -1841 ) was an Argentine lawyer , military and politician who served briefly as governor of the province of Córdoba .
Donyo Dorje ( Wylie : Don yod rdo rje ) ( 1463 -- 23 March 1512 ) was the third and most powerful prince of the Rinpungpa Dynasty that held power in much of Central Tibet from 1435 to 1565 .
Jean Baratte ( 7 June 1923 , Lambersart , Nord -- 1 July 1986 ) was a French international footballer who played as striker , and manager .
Horatio Potter ( 9 February 1802 -- 2 January 1887 ) , was an Episcopal Bishop in the Diocese of New York .
Charles Wendell David ( 1885 - -1984 ) was a noted American bibliophile , medievalist and librarian .
Arabacı Ali Pasha ( also known as Bahadırzade Ali Pasha ; 1620 - -1693 ) was a short - term Ottoman grand vizier from 1691 to 1692 .
Ivy Close ( 15 June 1890 -- 4 December 1968 ) was a British actress .
Friedrich Hassaurek ( 8 October 1831 Vienna , Austria - 3 October 1885 Paris ) was a United States journalist and ambassador .
General José Quintín Bandera Betancourt ( ca . 1834 -- 1906 ) , also Quentin Bandera and Quintin Bandera , was a military leader of the Cuban insurrection against the Spanish during the Cuban War of Independence .
Edward Lee Thrasher ( 1892 - -1971 ) , who went by Edward L. Thrasher , was a builder , contractor and decorator who served on the Los Angeles , California , City Council between 1931 and 1942 .
Wolfgang Raible : ' ' Kurt Baldinger : 17 November 1919 - 17 January 2007 `` .
William Dalgety Moore ( 30 August 1835 -- 22 April 1910 ) was a businessman in Fremantle , Western Australia , and also a pastoralist and politician .
George Stavrinos ( 1948 - 1990 ) was an American illustrator .
Jan Bulthuis ( 30 October 1750 , Groningen -- 29 May 1801 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch draftsman and painter .
Roy Bent ( 1900 -- 7 October 1975 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with the Norwood Football Club in the South Australian Football Association .
Cavit Cav ( 1905 - -29 April 1982 ) was a Turkish Olympian road cyclist .
Major - General John Clitherow ( 13 December 1782 -- 14 October 1852 ) was an army officer , politician and was briefly Lieutenant Governor of Canada West and Canada East ( 1841 ) .
Giovanni Pietro Possenti ( 1618 - -1659 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly as a battle painter .
Herman Berlinski ( 18 August 1910 -- 27 September 2001 ) was a German - born American composer , organist , pianist , musicologist and choir conductor .
Lotika Zellermeier ( Serbian : Лотика Цилермајер/Lotika Cilermajer ) ( 1860 , Kraków , Poland -- 1938 , Višegrad , Yugoslavia ) was the inspiration for the main character from the 1961 Nobel Prize winner Ivo Andrić 's novel The Bridge on the Drina .
Rinaldo Priora ( Turin , October 12 , 1864 -- 1942 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of still lifes and landscapes .
Mihaela Ursuleasa ( 27 September 1978 -- 2 August 2012 ) was a Romanian concert pianist .
Sadhana Shivdasani ( 2 September 1941 -- 25 December 2015 ) , better known mononymously as Sadhana , was an Indian actress who was one of the top actresses in the 1960s and the early-1970s , a period regarded as Bollywood 's `` golden era '' .
Blessed Giovanna Francesca Michelotti ( 29 August 1843 -- 1 February 1888 ) , born Anna Michelotti , was an Italian Roman Catholic nun .
Avraham - Haim Shag ( Hebrew : אברהם - חיים שאג‎ , born Avraham - Haim Tzvebner on 17 July 1883 , died 6 December 1958 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Assembly of Representatives and the Knesset .
John Lovelace , 2nd Baron Lovelace ( February 1616 -- 25 November 1670 was a British peer and Royal servant .
Leonard Blunt ( 21 March 1929 -- July 2005 ) was a cricketer who played first - class cricket for Worcestershire and the Europeans in the 1940s .
Frederick Mortimer Clapp ( July 26 , 1879 -- 1969 ) was the first Director of the Frick Collection in Manhattan , New York , as well as a poet , and art historian .
Riccardo Pazzaglia ( 12 September 1926 -- 4 October 2006 ) was an Italian actor , film director , screenwriter , songwriter ( for Domenico Modugno ) , TV and radio personality .
Jack McDonough ( 26 July 1879 -- 23 February 1955 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Giovanni Battista Falcieri ( known as `` Tita '' ) ( 1798 - -1874 ) was the personal servant of Lord Byron and was present at his death in Missolonghi in 1824 .
Neil Tucker ( 9 May 1915 -- 6 October 1981 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Francisco de las Carreras ( 1809 - -1870 ) was an Argentine lawyer , judge and politician .
Robert Byron Miller ( 19 April 1825 -- 5 October 1902 ) was a lawyer and politician in colonial Tasmania .
Edmund Sedding ( 20 June 1836 - -1868 ) was an English architect and musician .
John Shirreff ( 1759 - -1818 ) was a Scottish agricultural writer .
Felton Snow ( October 23 , 1905 -- July 1974 ) was a Negro League professional baseball player who played for the Nashville Elite Giants that later became the Columbus Elite Giants , the Washington Elite Giants , and the Baltimore Elite Giants .
Totila , original name Baduila ( died July 1 , 552 ) was the penultimate King of the Ostrogoths , reigning from 541 to 552 AD .
Bécc mac Airemóin ( died 893 ) or Bécc mac Éiremóin was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid , which is now Ulster , Ireland .
Edward Salomons ( 1828 - -1906 ) was an Anglo - Jewish architect based in Manchester , working in the late 19th century .
Thomas F. Byrnes ( June 15 , 1842 -- May 7 , 1910 ) was an Irish - born American police officer , who served as head of the New York City Police Department detective department from 1880 until 1895 , and gained national attention for his exploits .
Khalilullah I ( Halil ) ( 1418 - -1465 ) was 34th ruler of Shirvan and son of Ibrahim I of Shirvan .
Willem van de Velde the Elder ( c. 1611 -- 13 December 1693 ) was a Dutch Golden Age seascape painter .
Béatrix de Cusance ( 27 December 1614 -- 5 June 1663 ) , Baroness of Belvoir , was the second wife of Charles IV , former reigning Duke of Lorraine .
Camillo Gavasetti ( 1596 - 1630 ) was a native of Modena , who flourished about the year 1626 .
Robert Gittler committed suicide in 1978 before the theatrical release of The Buddy Holly Story .
Sang - nu ( 상루 , 尙婁 ) ( died 294 ) was the Prime Minister of Goguryeo during the reign of King Seocheon , and the son of previous Prime Minister Eum - u .
John Jabez Thurston ( 11 October 1888 -- 8 January 1960 ) was an independent member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Thomas Boutflower Bennett ( 1808- 14 September 1894 ) was an early colonist of South Australia , remembered as a schoolmaster at J. L. Young 's Adelaide Educational Institution and at Saint Peter 's College .
Shaul Berezovsky ( sometimes spelt Berezowski ) ( 1908 - 1975 ) was a Polish Jewish composer , pianist , music director .
John Kruse ( 1921 - -2004 ) was an English film and television screenwriter , director and novelist .
Sir Grafton Elliot Smith , FRS FRCP ( 15 August 1871 -- 1 January 1937 ) was an Australian - British anatomist and a proponent of the hyperdiffusionist view of prehistory .
Dai Longbang ( Chinese : 戴龍邦 ) ( 1732?--1801 ) was a Chinese master of the internal martial art of Xinyiquan ( Heart and Intention Boxing ) , the precursor of Xingyiquan ( Form and Intention Boxing ) .
Anjanibai Malpekar ( 22 April 1883 -- 7 August 1974 ) was a noted Indian classical singer , belonging to the Bhendibazaar gharana of Hindustani classical music .
Agnes McLaren ( 4 July 1837 -- 17 April 1913 ) was a respected Scottish doctor who was the first to give medical assistance to women in India who , because of custom , were unable to access medical help from male doctors .
Eifan Saadoun Al Issawi ( died 15 January 2013 ) was an Iraqi politician who was killed in a suicide bombing attack on 15 January 2013 .
Samuel Wix ( 1771 - -1861 ) was an English cleric and controversialist .
Joseph Charles Fowell ( 2 August 1891 - 3 July 1970 ) was a prominent Australian 20th century architect .
Sir William Gammie Ogg ( 1891 - -1979 ) was a British horticultural scientist and Director of Rothamsted Experimental Station
Jean - Joseph Dassy , a French historical and portrait painter , and lithographer , was born at Marseilles on December 27 , 1791 and died in the same city on July 27 , 1865 .
Natalino Otto , stage name of Natale Codognotto ( 24 December 1912 -- 4 October 1969 ) was an Italian singer .
George Lister Sutcliffe ( died September 1915 ) was an English Arts and Crafts architect and author of a number of technical and architectural publications .
Sallie Martin ( November 20 , 1895 -June 18 , 1988 ) was a gospel singer nicknamed `` the mother of gospel music '' for her efforts to popularize the songs of Thomas A. Dorsey and her influence on other artists .
Jamie Kyne ( 1991 -- 5 September 2009 ) was an Irish jockey .
Ali Alatas ( Arabic : علي العطاس‎ ʿAlī al-ʿAṭṭās ; 4 November 1932 -- 11 December 2008 ) was an Indonesian diplomat of Ba ' Alawi sada descent , who served as the country 's foreign minister from 1988 to 1999 .
Richard Conyers ( 1725 - -1786 ) was an English evangelical cleric , and the hymn - book compiler of a precursor to the Olney Hymns .
Raja Bahadur Venkatarama Reddy ( August 1869 - 1953 ) was the first Hindu to be made kotwal of Hyderabad as in the late 19th and early 20th century , during the Islamic rule of the Nizams , the powerful position of kotwal of Hyderabad was held only by Muslims .
Norman Macleod Ferrers D.D. ( 11 August 1829 -- 31 January 1903 ) was a British mathematician and university administrator and editor of a mathematical journal .
Karel Albert Rudolf Bosscha , sometimes known as KAR Bosscha or Ru Bosscha ( The Hague , 15 May 1865 -- Malabar , Indonesia , 26 November 1928 ) was a planter , philanthropist and administrator of the Malabar Plantation in Bandung , Indonesia .
Semen Paliy ( Ukrainian : Семен Палiй , Polish : Semen Palej ) ( c. 1645 -- 1710 ) was a Ukrainian Cossack polkovnyk ( colonel ) .
Halbert L. Dunn , M.D. ( 1896 - -1975 ) was the leading figure in establishing a national vital statistics system in the United States and is known as the `` father of the wellness movement '' .
Jean Danjou ( 15 April 1828 -- 30 April 1863 ) was a decorated captain in the French Foreign Legion .
Qin Jiushao ( Chinese : 秦九韶 ; pinyin : Qín Jiǔsháo ; Wade -- Giles : Ch'in Chiu - shao , ca . 1202 - -1261 ) , courtesy name Daogu ( 道古 ) , was a Chinese mathematician .
Paul Moon James ( 1780 - -1854 ) was a successful English banker , who worked in partnership with Samuel Galton junior in Steelhouse Lane , Birmingham .
Arthur Stayner ( 29 March 1835 -- 4 September 1899 ) was an English horticulturist who emigrated to the United States and became important in the founding of the sugar beet industry in Utah .
H. E. Todd ( 1908 - -1988 ) was a British writer of children 's fiction .
Luiz Heitor Corrêa de Azevedo ( Rio de Janeiro , 13 December 1905 -- Paris , 10 November , 1992 ) was a Brazilian journalist , musicologist and folklorist .
Mary Ellicott Arnold ( April 23 , 1876 - -1968 ) was an American social activist , teacher and writer best known for In the Land of the Grasshopper Song , the memoir she wrote with Mabel Reed ( 1876 - -1963 ) on their experiences as Bureau of Indian Affairs employees , 1908 - -1909 .
Murong Fuyun ( 慕容伏允 ) ( 597 - -635 ) , formal title Busabo Khan ( 步薩鉢可汗 ) , was a ruler of the Xianbei state Tuyuhun .
Charles Fenerty ( January , 1821 -- 10 June 1892 ) , was a Canadian inventor who invented the wood pulp process for papermaking , which was first adapted into the production of newsprint .
Sir Goday Narayana Gajapathi Rao KCIE ( December 1 , 1828 - May 1903 ) was an Indian aristocrat and politician who served as a member of the Madras Legislative Council from 1868 to 1884 .
Sir Lewis McIver , 1st Baronet ( 6 March 1846 -- 9 August 1920 ) was a British Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1909 .
Jamaluddin Abro , ( Sindhi : جمال الدين ابڙو‎ - Urdu : جمال الدین ابڑو ‎ ) also known as Jamal Abro ( 2 May 1924 -- 30 June 2004 , Larkana , Pakistan ) was a Sindhi writer .
Captain William Frederick Strickland ( 1 February 1880 -- 29 November 1954 ) was a Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) representing Coventry , from 1931 to 1945 .
Josef Swickard ( 26 June 1866 -- 29 February 1940 ) was a German - born veteran stage and screen character actor , who had toured with stock companies in Europe , South Africa , and South America .
Earl L. Warrick ( 1911 - -2002 ) was an industrial chemist at Dow Corning who is noted for his claim to being the inventor of Silly Putty .
John William Muir ( 15 December 1879 -- 11 January 1931 ) was the editor of The Worker who was prosecuted under the Defense of the Realm Act for an article criticising the war .
Malcolm Bruce Smith ( 29 February 1924 -- 27 July 2000 ) was an Australian chemist who studied the egg protein ovalbumin .
Major - General William Farquhar ( /ˈfɑːkər/ FAH - kər ; 26 February 1774 -- 11 May 1839 ) was an employee of the East India Company , and the first Resident of colonial and Commandant British of Singapore .
Guillaume Cousinot de Montreuil ( 1400 - -1484 ) was a French diplomat , magistrate and civil servant .
Nora Dunfee ( 25 December 1915 -- 23 December 1994 ) was an American Broadway and film actress and acting coach .
Cresheld Draper ( 8 November 1646 -- 15 March 1694 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1678 to 1689 .
Sir Chimanlal Harilal Setalvad , KCIE ( 1864 - 10 December 1947 ) was an eminent Indian barrister who practiced in the Bombay High Court in the early 20th century .
César Alfredo Miró Quesada Bahamonde ( 1907 - -1999 ) , more commonly known as César Miró , was a Peruvian writer and composer .
Oliver Samuel Tonks , Ph.D. ( 1874 - -1953 ) was a professor of art at Vassar College .
Brian Brolly ( 21 October 1936 -- 28 October 2006 ) , was an English showbusiness entrepreneur .
Ephraim Peabody ( 22 March 1807 Wilton , New Hampshire - 28 November 1856 Boston , Massachusetts ) was a Unitarian clergyman from the United States .
Henrietta Hill Swope ( October 26 , 1902 - November 24 , 1980 ) was an American astronomer who studied variable stars .
Godfrey Winham ( December 11 , 1934 - -April 26 , 1975 ) was an English - born music theorist and composer of contemporary classical music who moved to the United States .
Peter Dombrovskis ( 2 March 1945 -- 28 March 1996 ) was an Australian photographer , known for his Tasmanian scenes .
Adam Bellenden ( c. 1569 - -1647 ) was a 17th - century Scottish churchman .
Henriette Arendt ( 11 November 1874 -- 22 August 1922 ) was a German writer and policewoman .
Sir Richard Pakenham PC ( 19 May 1797 -- 28 October 1868 ) was a British diplomat .
Lord Ian Basil Gawaine Hamilton - Temple - Blackwood ( 4 November 1870 -- 3 July 1917 ) , known as Lord Basil Temple Blackwood , was a British lawyer , civil servant and book illustrator .
Olavi Hänninen ( 14 December 1920 , Lapinlahti -- 16 June 1992 ) was a Finnish designer and interior architect .
Colonel Sir Henry Simpson Newland CBE DSO ( 24 November 1873 -- 13 November 1969 ) was a distinguished Australian surgeon .
Niels Jacobsen ( 14 September 1865 - 31 January 1935 ) was a Danish architect and politician who worked primarily in Odense .
William Cruden ( 1726 - -1785 ) was a Scottish minister and author .
Mordechai Avida ( 1909 - -1986 ) , born Mordechai Zlotnik , was a radio broadcaster of Kol Israel in its preliminary stages .
Gina Krog ( 20 June 1847 -- 14 April 1916 ) was a Norwegian feminist pioneer , teacher , liberal politician and editor .
Richard Barry Parker ( 18 November 1867 -- 21 February 1947 ) was an English architect and urban planner associated with the Arts and Crafts Movement .
Usmar Ismail ( 20 March 1921 -- 2 January 1971 ) was a prominent Indonesian film director .
Elena de Galantha ( 24 November 1890 -- 5 January 1986 ) considered a pioneer in the field of modern histology and known for the de Galantha technique and the de Galantha stain .
Reza Mahjubi ( Persian : رضا محجوبی‎ ) , ( birth date : 1898 - 14 July 1954 ) was a Persian ( Iranian ) composer and violinist .
Christopher St Lawrence , 2nd Baron Howth ( died 1462 or 1465 ) was an Anglo - Irish nobleman .
Xu Fancheng ( Chinese : 徐梵澄 ) ( 26 October 1909 - 6 March 2000 ) , also known as Hu Hsu in India , was a Chinese scholar and translator .
Edward Budge ( 1800 - -1865 ) was an English theologian , geologist , and general writer .
David Foggie RSA ( 31 December 1878 Dundee -- 2 June 1948 ) , was a Scots painter , son of James and Margaret Foggie .
James Williamson , 1st Baron Ashton ( 31 December 1842 -- 27 May 1930 ) was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician , whose family business in Lancaster produced oilcloth and linoleum which was exported around the world .
Wilfred J. Delaney- O'Dubhshlaine ( c. 1937 South Boston -- August 4 , 1964 Port of Boston ) was a member of the McLaughlin gang who was a friend and associate of Harold Hannon , a contract killer who had murdered boxer Tommy Sullivan in 1957 .
Lisa Daniely ( born Mary Elizabeth Bodington ; 4 June 1929 -- 24 January 2014 ) , was a British film and television actress .
Arun Nehru ( 24 April 1944 -- 25 July 2013 ) was an Indian politician and columnist .
Ebenezer Thomas Davies , known as E. T. Davies ( Pontycymer , Glamorgan 1903 -- 1991 ) was a scholar , schoolmaster and Anglican priest in the Church in Wales .
William Kreiten ( 21 June 1847 , in Gangelt near Aachen -- 6 June 1902 , at Kerkrade ( Kirchrath ) in Limburg ) was a literary critic and poet .
Zhang Dongsun ( 张东荪 ; also transliterated as Chang Tung - sun ) ( 1886 - -1973 ) was a Chinese philosopher , public intellectual and political figure .
Maharani Datar Kaur ( died 1838 ) , the daughter of Sardar Ran Singh Nakai , the third ruler of Nakai Misl of Baherwal , was the second wife of Maharaja Ranjit Singh .
Mike M. Liskany ( died 1971 ) was an American labor leader and politician of the Democratic party .
Charles Debbas ( Arabic : شارل دباس‎ ) ( 16 April 1885 - 1935 ) was an Eastern Orthodox Lebanese political figure .
Mohan Lal Sukhadia ( 31 July 1916 -- 2 February 1982 ) was an Indian politician , who served as the Chief Minister of Rajasthan state for 17 years ( 1954 - -1971 ) .
Gianni Lancia ( 16 November 1924 -- 30 June 2014 ) was an Italian former automobile engineer , industrialist and racing enthusiast , known for running the Lancia carmaker in Torino ( 1949 - -55 ) .
John Longbotham ( died 1801 ) was a canal engineer and pupil of John Smeaton who in 1766 suggested a Leeds and Liverpool Canal and did a survey which was approved by James Brindley .
Ronald William Wycherley ( 17 April 1940 -- 28 January 1983 ) , better known by his stage name Billy Fury , was an English singer from the late 1950s to the mid 1960s , and remained an active songwriter until the 1980s .
Philip Dorn ( 30 September 1901 -- 9 May 1975 ) , born Hein van der Niet and sometimes billed as Frits van Dongen , was a Dutch actor who had a career in Hollywood .
Thomas Henry Ismay ( 7 January 1837 -- 23 November 1899 ) was the founder of the Oceanic Steam Navigation Company , more commonly known as the White Star Line .
Mildred Jeffrey ( 1910 - -2004 ) was a political and social activist during the labor reforms and civil rights movements .
Ben Garth Mann ( 16 November 1915 in Brandon , Texas -- 11 September 1980 ) was an American baseball player who played pinch runner in the Major Leagues in 1944 .
Klaus Rudolf Werhand ( 4 December 1938 -- 20 March 2009 ) was a German Blacksmith .
Konrad Friedrich Bauer ( 9 December 1903 -- 17 March 1970 ) was a German type designer who , though not related to founder Johann Christian Bauer , was head of the art department for the Bauer Type Foundry from 1928 until his retirement in 1968 .
Christopher Martyn ( c. 1617 -- 26 January 1678 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1646 and 1660 .
Johannes Antiquus ( 1702 Groningen -- 1750 Groningen ) ) was an 18th - century Dutch painter .
Asa Mahan ( 1799 -- 1889 ) was a U.S. Congregational clergyman and educator and the first president of Oberlin College and Adrian College .
Arnald de Grey ( 11 September 1856 -- 15 November 1889 ) was an English cricketer who played one cricket match for the amateur side I Zingari in 1880 .
Shridhar Venkatesh Ketkar ( 2 February 1884 -- 10 April 1937 ) was a sociologist , historian and novelist from Maharashtra , India .
Meyer Abovitz ( מאיר בן ישעיהו אבוביץ ; alternate spelling Meir Abowitz ; born 1876 - died 1941 ) was a Rabbi and Rosh Yeshiva active in Mizrachi in Eastern Europe between the Two World Wars .
Tommaso Nardini ( 1658 -- December 9 , 1718 ) was an Italian priest and painter of the Baroque period , active in his native town .
Barnet Kenyon ( 1850 -- 20 February 1930 ) was a British colliery worker , trade union official and Lib--
Albert Ostman ( circa 1893 -- 1975 ) was a Canadian prospector who reported that he was abducted by a Sasquatch and held captive for six days .
John Roxborough ( aka John Rokysburgh , died 1509 ) was a Master of University College , Oxford , England .
Henry Eeles Dresser ( 9 May 1838 -- 28 November 1915 ) was an English businessman and ornithologist .
Waller Hugh Paton RSA RSW ( 27 July 1828 -- 8 March 1895 ) , was a Scottish landscape artist operational in the second half of the 19th century .
Robert Hampden - Trevor , 1st Viscount Hampden ( 17 February 1706 -- 22 August 1783 ) was a British diplomat at The Hague and then joint Postmaster General .
The Rt Rev Samuel Heaslett ( 1875 - 1947 ) was an Anglican bishop .
Dao Zheng ( 道證法師 ) ( 27 February 1957 -- 18 July 2003 ) was a Buddhist nun from Taiwan , known for her various writings and dharma talks .
Johannes Kerkorrel ( 27 March 1960 -- 12 November 2002 ) , born Ralph John Rabie , was a South African singer - songwriter , journalist and playwright .
Viswanatha Satyanarayana ( 10 September 1895 -- 18 October 1976 ) was born to Sobhanadri and Parvathi in the year 1895 at Nandamuru,(pin 521311 ) Krishna District , Andhra Pradesh .
Halvor Olsen Folkestad ( 28 November 1807 -- 30 September 1889 ) was a Norwegian temporarily appointed councillor of state in interim in 1875 .
Johann Andreas Naumann ( 13 April 1744 -- 15 May 1826 ) was a German farmer and an amateur naturalist .
John Treasure ( 6 June 1924 -- 9 February 2004 ) was a leading figure in the British advertising industry in the 1960s , 70s and 80s .
Michael Malpass ( 1946 - -1991 ) was a sculptor and artist best known for his spheres , which he made from found industrial objects using bandsaw and blacksmithing techniques .
Projections back from dated individuals suggest that Coel Hen lived around AD 350 - -420 , during the time of the Roman departure from Britain .
Ann Hawkshaw ( 14 October 1812 -- 29 April 1885 ) was an English poet .
Gareth Forwood ( 14 October 1945 -- 16 October 2007 ) was a British actor .
W. J. Younger ( 1838 - 1920 ) was an American dentist who performed some of the earliest and most groundbreaking research in the field of periodontology .
Charles John Frederick Lampe ( 1739 -- 10 September 1767 ) was an English composer and organist , and the son of composer John Frederick Lampe and the singer Isabella Lampe ( maiden name of Young ) .
Wang Hong ( 王弘 ) ( 379 - -432 ) , courtesy name Xiuyuan ( 休元 ) , formally Duke Wenzhao of Huarong ( 華容文昭公 ) , was a high - level official of the Chinese dynasty Liu Song .
Ludwig Karl Martin Leonhard Albrecht Kossel ( 16 September 1853 -- 5 July 1927 ) was a German biochemist and pioneer in the study of genetics .
Joseph Bentham ( 1693/94 -- 1671 ) was a Church of England minister at a time , roughly a century after the Breach with Rome , when aspects church doctrine were still relatively unformed .
Sir Peyton Ventris ( November 1645 -- 6 April 1691 ) was an English judge and politician , the first surviving son of Edward Ventris ( d. 1649 ) of the manor of Granhams in Great Shelford , Cambridgeshire , although he was born in Little Wenham , Suffolk .
Prince Leon Aleksander Sapieha ( 1883 - 1944 ) was a Polish military aviator , landowner , traveler , and a member of the Sejm .
Jurjentje Aukes Rauwerda ( 14 December 1812 , in Oentsjerk -- 3 October 1877 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch prostitute and procurer .
William Vane , 1st Viscount Vane ( 17 February 1682 -- 20 May 1734 ) , was a British Whig politician .
Celia Winter - Irving ( 1941 -- 26 July 2009 ) , was an Australian - born , Zimbabwean - based artist and art critic who wrote extensively on Zimbabwean art , especially Shona sculpture , when she lived in Harare from 1987 - -2008 .
The Oaten Hill Martyrs ( also known as the `` Canterbury martyrs '' ) were Catholic Martyrs who were executed by hanging , drawing and quartering at Oaten Hill , Canterbury , on 1 October 1588 .
Frederick David Sassoon ( 1 May 1853 -- 4 May 1917 ) was a Anglo - Jewish merchant and banker in Hong Kong and China .
Lipót Fejér ( or Leopold Fejér , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈfɛjeːr ) ; 9 February 1880 -- 15 October 1959 ) was a Hungarian born Jewish mathematician .
Martha Denny ( 1505 -- 9 January 1572 ) was an aristocratic English woman who was also a recusant and was sent to prison in 1562 for having attended mass . Her husband was Sir Wymond Carew , by whom she had 19 children , including lawyer Sir Matthew Carew .
Domingo Esguerra Plata ( 28 March 1875 -- 1965 ) was a Colombian lawyer who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Colombia , Ambassador of Colombia to Brazil , and Ambassador of Colombia to the United Kingdom .
Bartholomew Albizzi ( died 1361 ) was an Italian Franciscan hagiographer .
Titus Fulvius Iunius Macrianus ( died 261 ) , also known as Macrianus Minor , was a Roman usurper .
Alida Chelli ( 23 October 1943 -- 14 December 2012 ) was an Italian actress , singer , and TV - hostess .
Jurij Dalmatin ( c. 1547 -- 31 August 1589 ) was a Slovene Lutheran minister , writer and translator .
Karel Ančerl ( 11 April 1908 -- 3 July 1973 ) was a Czechoslovak conductor , renowned especially for his performances of contemporary music and for his interpretations of music by Czech composers .
Ludovicus a S. Carolo ( secular name Louis Jacob , Latin form Ludovicus Jacob ) ( 20 August 1608 -- 10 March 1670 ) was a French Carmelite scholar , writer and bibliographer .
Brigadier William Mackintosh , Laird of Borlum ( 1658 - -1743 ) usually known as Mackintosh of Borlum was a Scottish soldier and a leader of the Jacobite rising of 1715 and a member of the Clan Mackintosh .
François Willi Wendt ( 16 November 1909 - 15 May 1970 ) was a French non - figurative painter of German origin belonging to the New Ecole de Paris .
Nio Joe Lan ( Chinese : 梁友兰 ; pinyin : Liáng Yǒulán ; Perfected Spelling : Nio Yu Lan ; also known by the Indonesianised name Junus Nur Arif ; 29 December 1904 -- 13 February 1973 ) was a Chinese - Indonesian writer , journalist , and history teacher .
Eachmarcach Ó Catháin ( aka Echlin O'Cahan or Ackland Kane ) , Irish harper and composer , 1720 - 1790 ) .
Matthias Faber , S.J. , ( 24 February 1586 -- 26 April 1653 ) was a German Jesuit priest , who gained fame as a religious writer and preacher .
René Guilleré ( 16 August 1878 -- 24 November 1931 ) was a French lawyer who founded the Ateliers Primavera , which made decorative art objects .
Paul Alexander Bartlett ( 13 July 1909 -- 19 April 1990 ) was an American writer , artist , and poet .
Anton Furst ( 6 May 1944 -- 24 November 1991 ) was a production designer who won an Academy Award for designing the noirish nightmare version of Gotham City in Tim Burton 's Batman ( 1989 ) .
Charles Guillaume Loys de Bochat ( born 11 December 1695 in Lausanne , died 4 April 1754 , also in Lausanne ) was an 18th - century Swiss jurist and antiquarian ( Lausanne at the time was a subject territory controlled by Berne ) .
Herbert George Jenkins ( 1876 -- 8 June 1923 ) was a British writer and the owner of the publishing company Herbert Jenkins Ltd , which published many of P. G. Wodehouse 's novels .
Yosef Kremerman ( Hebrew : יוסף קרמרמן‎ , born 1926 , died 12 November 1981 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut , Gahal and Likud between 1964 and 1977 .
Sir Arthur Morse ( Chinese : 摩士 ) ( 25 April 1892 - 13 May 1967 ) was the head of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation during and after World War II . He was a British banker born in Tipperary in Ireland .
Santasilan Kadirgamar ( Tamil : சாந்தசீலன் கதிர்காமர் ; 11 April 1934 -- 25 July 2015 ; known as Silan Kadirgamar ) was a Sri Lankan Tamil academic , historian and author .
Ernesto Calindri ( 5 February 1909 -- 9 June 1999 ) was an Italian theater and film actor .
Clifford Travis Bean ( 21 August 1947 -- 10 July 2011 , aged 63 ) was an American luthier and machinist from California .
Pedro Alonso Niño ( also Peralonso Niño ) ( 1468 - -c . 1505 ) was a Spanish explorer .
William Leslie Cazneau ( 1807 - -1876 ) was a Texas pioneer and is credited with having buried the Alamo Heroes with full military honors .
Roger Milliot ( 1927 , Le Creusot - 1968 ) was a French poet and painter .
Lubi Kui ( simplified Chinese : 陆费逵 ; traditional Chinese : 陸費逵 ; pinyin : Lùbì Kuí , 17 September 1886 -- 9 July 1941 ) was a Chinese educationist and publisher .
William II of Baux ( died 1239 ) was a son of William of Baux .
Raghunath Bhattacharyya ( died 18 June 2013 ) was an Indian judge .
Ambrozije Kapić ( died 1598 ) served as an Archbishop of Antivari ( Bar ) in the late 16th century .
Maurice Elvey ( 11 November 1887 -- 28 August 1967 ) was the most prolific film director in British history .
English McConnell ( 14 May 1883 -- 13 June 1928 ) was an Irish footballer who played for Sunderland , Chelsea and Ireland as a wing half .
Edward Cock ( 1805 - -1892 ) , British surgeon , was a nephew of Sir Astley Cooper , and through him became at an early age a member of the staff of the Borough Hospital in London , where he worked in the dissecting room for 13 years .
Colonel Winthrop Hilton ( c. 1671 - 1710 ) was the highest - ranking officer in New Hampshire through King William 's War and Queen Anne 's War .
Peter Schlumbohm ( July 10 , 1896 -- 1962 ) was a German inventor , best known for creating the Chemex Coffeemaker .
Sir Denis William Brogan ( born 11 August 1900 in Glasgow ; died 5 January 1974 ) , Scottish author and historian .
James Gillespie ( c. 1747 -- 11 January 1805 ) was a Democratic - Republican U.S. Congressman from North Carolina between 1793 and 1799 .
Xue Ju ( 薛舉 ) ( died 618 ) , formally Emperor Wu ( 武皇帝 , `` Martial '' ) , was the founding emperor of a short - lived state of Qin at the end of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty , whose state was eventually destroyed by Tang Dynasty .
Arthur Leopold Busch or Du Busc ( 5 March 1866 -- 9 March 1956 ) was a British - born American naval architect responsible for the development of the United States Navy 's first submarines .
Pietro Ciriaci ( 2 December 1885 -- 30 December 1966 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as prefect of the Sacred Congregation of the Council in the Roman Curia from 1954 until his death , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1953 by Pope Pius XII .
Greville Verney , 8th Baron Willoughby de Broke and de jure 16th Baron Latimer ( c1620 - 1648 ) was a peer in the peerage of England .
Morris Keith Hopkins ( 20 June 1934 -- 8 March 2004 ) was a British historian and sociologist .
Elijah Moulton ( 1820 - -1902 ) was a pioneer settler in Los Angeles , California , after the Mexican - American War , and became one of its wealthiest citizens .
Robert Tatton ( 1606 -- 19 August 1669 ) was the High Sheriff of Chester between 1645 and 1646 .
Lethlobar mac Loingsig ( died 873 ) was a Dál nAraidi king of Ulaid , which is now Ulster , Ireland .
Sir Oliver St John , 1st Viscount Grandison ( 1559 - -1630 ) was an English soldier who became Lord Deputy of Ireland .
Gilbert Alsop ( 10 September 1908 -- 16 April 1992 ) was an English professional footballer .
Richard Leach Maddox ( 4 August 1816 -- 11 May 1902 ) was an English photographer and physician who invented lightweight gelatin negative plates for photography in 1871 .
Gaetano Berenstadt ( 7 June 1687 -- buried 9 December 1734 ) was an Italian alto castrato who is best remembered for his association with the composer George Frideric Handel .
Jeremiah Moulton ( b. York , Massachusetts ( now in York , Maine ) , 1688 , d. York , 20 July 1765 ) was a New England militia officer and member of the Massachusetts Council .
Fritz Brun ( 18 August 1878 -- 29 November 1959 ) was a Swiss conductor and composer of classical music .
Maestro António Fortunato de Figueiredo ( 20 August 1903 -- 1981 ) was a famous Goan conductor and violinist .
William Henry Brookfield ( 31 August 1809 -- 12 July 1874 ) was an Anglican priest , Inspector of Schools , and chaplain - in - ordinary to Queen Victoria .
John Billee ( fl . 1873 -- January 16 , 1890 ) was a Creek Indian and an American outlaw of the Old West .
V. Madhavan Nair ( 1915 - -1996 ) more popularly known as Mali Madhavan Nair was a lawyer , journalist , sportsman , musicologist , kathakali playwright , dramatist , editor and a pioneer in radio broadcasting .
Seif el - Din el - Zoubi ( Hebrew : סיף א - דין א - זועבי‎ , Arabic : سيف الدين الزعبي‎ ; 1913 -- 26 June 1986 ) was an Israeli - Arab politician .
Scott Piering ( 13 September 1946 , Duluth , Minnesota -- 24 January 2000 ) was a successful and influential American - born music publicist for many British music acts , including Pulp , The KLF , The Smiths , Stereophonics , The Orb , Placebo , Underworld and The Prodigy .
David Wilder , Jr. ( 3 May 1778 -- 21 September 1866 ) was an American politician who served as the Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts and as the first Massachusetts Auditor .
Alastair Royalton - Kisch ( 20 January 1920 -- 21 March 1995 ) , known professionally as Royalton Kisch , was an orchestral conductor in London from 1947 to 1964 .
William Playfair ( 22 September 1759 -- 11 February 1823 ) was a Scottish engineer and political economist , the founder of graphical methods of statistics .
Jordi Benito i Verdaguer ( Granollers , 1951 - Barcelona , December 9 , 2008 ) was a Catalan artist .
Richard Beaumont - Thomas died on 14 February 1917 leaving a will of £ 449,285 - 18 - 9 pounds sterling .
Lucy M. Boston ( 1892 - -1990 ) , born Lucy Maria Wood , was an English novelist who wrote for children and adults , publishing her work entirely after the age of 60 .
Albert Alonzo Robinson ( October 21 , 1844 -- 1918 ) , sometimes referred to as Albert A. Robinson or A. A. Robinson , was an American civil engineer who rose through the ranks of the Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railway to eventually become the railroad 's vice president and general manager .
William Moreton ( 1641 -- 21 November 1715 ) was an English prelate in the Church of Ireland who served as the Bishop of Meath from 1705 - 1716 .
Major General Victor Sellheim CB , CMG ( 4 May 1866 -- 25 January 1928 ) was an Australian military officer during the Second Boer War and World War I.
Lord Colin Campbell ( 9 March 1853 -- 18 June 1895 ) was a Scottish Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1878 to 1885 .
Ernst Pringsheim , Sr . , Ernst Pringsheim sen . ( 11 July 1859 , Breslau - 28 June 1917 , Breslau ) was a German physicist .
Henry Ingersoll Bowditch ( 1808 - 1892 ) was an American physician and a prominent Christian abolitionist .
Major David Graham Shillington PC(NI ) ( 10 December 1872 -- 22 January 1944 ) was an Ulster Unionist politician .
Arne Løchen ( 20 November 1850 - 22 August 1930 ) was a Norwegian psychologist , philosopher and literary researcher .
Anchitell Grey ( c. 1624 - 8 July 1702 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1665 and 1695 .
Sir Richard Cox , 1st Baronet PC ( 25 March 1650 -- 3 May 1733 ) was an Irish lawyer and judge .
Sigvatr Þórðarson ( Sighvatr Þórðarson , Sigvat Tordarson ) or Sigvat the Skald ( 995 - 1045 ) was an Icelandic skald .
Harry Hanger ( 1886 -- 23 March 1918 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half .
Guelfo Zamboni ( 1897 - -1994 ) was an Italian diplomat who saved hundreds of Jews during the Holocaust .
John Alexander Jackson ( 1809 -- 25 May 1885 ) was a public servant , colonial agent in pre - Federation Australia and Treasurer of South Australia .
Philip Hugh Padwick R.O.I & R.B.A. ( 1876 - -1958 ) was an English painter noted for his oil landscapes .
Aslak Brekke ( October 6 , 1901 -- 1978 ) was a prominent vocalist of one of the Scandinavian poetic genres that is referred to as stev .
Maja Refsum ( 23 September 1897 -- 11 January 1986 ) was a Norwegian sculptor and teacher .
Eirik Vandvik ( 1904 - 1953 ) was professor in literature at the university of Oslo .
Maurice Strakosch ( probably 15 January 1825 -- 9 October 1887 ) was an American musician and impresario of Czech origin .
Johann Rasso Januarius Zick ( 6 February 1730 -- 14 November 1797 ) was a painter and architect .
Daniel Dumaresq FRS ( 1712 - -1805 ) was an educational consultant to Russian and Polish monarchs Duraresq came from Trinity , Jersey in the Channel Islands .
Alvaro de Loyola Furtado ( died 23 August 1981 ) , was a member of the Goa assembly and a parliamentarian .
Mohit Chattopadhyaya ( also spelled Mohit Chattopadhyay ) ( 1 June 1934 -- 12 April 2012 ) was a Bengali Indian playwright , screenwriter , dramatist and poet .
Tessa Davies ( 1940 -- 1 June 1988 ) was an English set decorator .
Owen Manning ( 1721 - -1801 ) was an English clergyman and antiquarian , known as a historian of Surrey .
Michal Josef Gusikov ( born Yehiel - Michiel , also spelt Guzikow or Gusikow ) ( 2 September 1806 - 21 October 1837 ) was a klezmer who gave the first performances of klezmer music to West European concert audiences on his ' wood and straw instrument ' .
Sir Robert Williams , 9th Baronet ( 20 July 1764 -- 1 December 1830 ) was a British politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1790 to 1830 .
William Basil Jones ( 1 January 1822 - 14 January 1897 ) was a Welsh priest and scholar who became the Bishop of St David 's in 1874 , holding the post until his death in 1897 .
John Rowand ( c. 1787 -- 30 May 1854 ) was a fur trader for the North West Company and later , the Hudson 's Bay Company .
Mathilde Nielsen ( 26 October , 1858 -- 11 September , 1945 ) was a Danish actress in the theatre and in Danish cinema .
George A. Berlinghof ( c. 1862 - -May 30 , 1944 ) was a German - born architect who designed a number of important buildings in Lincoln and other cities in Nebraska .
Emma Cons ( 4 March 1838 -- 24 July 1912 ) was a British social reformer , educationalist and theatre manager .
Şehzade Halil ( probably 1346 - -1362 ) was an Ottoman prince .
Allan Belcher ( 2 December 1884 -- 2 July 1921 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with and coached Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Oleg Slabynko ( ca . 1962 -- 25 January 1996 ) , a Russian , was working for Russian Television Channel 2 as a TV producer for the show `` Moment Istiny '' ( Moment of Truth ) in Moscow , Russia .
Henry II of Niemodlin ( Polish : Henryk II Niemodliński ) ( 1374 -- 22 December 1394 ) was a Duke of Strzelce and Niemodlin since 1382 until his death ( with his brothers as co - rulers and only formally ) .
Otani Nobutomo ( a.k.a . Otani Shimosa no Kami Seiichiro , Otani Shintaro ) ( 1798 - 1864 ) was a Japanese martial artist .
Edward Harley , 3rd Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer ( c. 1699 -- 11 April 1755 , in Bath ) was a British peer .
Leonard Colebrook FRS ( 2 March 1883 -- 27 September 1967 ) was an English physician and bacteriologist .
Idriss Miskine ( 15 March 1948 -- 7 January 1984 ) was a Chadian politician and diplomat under Presidents Félix Malloum and Hissène Habré .
Hasan Gafoor ( 11 December 1950 -- 12 March 2012 ) was the Director General of Police of Maharashtra ( Anti Corruption bureau ) .
Henry St. John Thackeray ( 1869 - -30 June 1930 ) was a British biblical scholar at King 's College , Cambridge , an expert on Koine Greek , Josephus and the Septuagint .
Sir Richard Vernon , 3rd Baronet ( 22 June 1678 -- 1 October 1725 ) was a British diplomat and politician .
Farrukhzad ( Middle Persian : Farrūkhzādag ; New Persian : فرخزاد ) , was an Iranian aristocrat from the House of Ispahbudhan and the founder of the Bavand dynasty , ruling from 651 to 665 .
John George Children FRS FRSE FLS PRES ( 18 May 1777 -- 1 January 1852 in Halstead , Kent ) was a British chemist , mineralogist and zoologist .
Tian Songyao , Tin Chung - yao , 田颂尧 ( 1888 - 1975 ) , warlord of the Sichuan clique and later Kuomintang general .
Thomas Richard Barker ( 1799 - -1870 ) , was an English Independent minister and college tutor .
Grenfell `` Gren '' Jones MBE ( 13 June 1934 -- 4 January 2007 ) was one of Wales 's best - known and longest - serving newspaper cartoonists .
Carl O'Neil Little ( 17 December 1938 -- 6 August 2005 ) , better known by his stage name Carlo Little , was a rock and roll drummer , based in the London nightclub scene in the 1960s .
Giles Heron ( by 1504-August 1540 ) was an English politician .
Chungnyeol of Goryeo ( 3 April 1236 -- 30 July 1308 ) ( r. 1274 - -1308 ) was the 25th ruler of the medieval Korean kingdom of Goryeo .
Florimond Van Duyse ( 4 August 1843 -- 18 May 1910 ) was a Belgian lawyer , composer and musicologist .
John F. A. Sanford ( 1806 - -1857 ) was a frontiersman of the American west who worked with Native American tribes as an Indian agent .
Adam Muszka ( b. Piotrków Trybunalski 4 March 1914 ; d. Paris January 2005 ) was a Polish - French painter and sculptor , representing in his works distinctive elements of Jewish life in pre - war Poland and post - war western Europe .
Nicolas Pineau ( 1684 - -1754 ) was a French carver and ornamental designer , one of the leaders who initiated the exuberant asymmetrical phase of the high Rococo .
George Kruger Gray ( 25 December 1880 -- 2 May 1943 ) was an English artist , best remembered for his designs of coinage and stained glass windows .
George Granville Slack ( 11 July 1906 - -30 November 2003 ) , known as Granville Slack , was a British judge and Liberal politician .
Albert Pissis ( 1852 - 1914 ) was the architect who introduced the Beaux - Arts architectural style to San Francisco , California , designing a number of important buildings in the city in the years before and after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake .
Jeremy Silberston ( 1 April 1950 - -9 March 2006 ) , was an English film director .
Marriott Edgar ( 1880 - -1951 ) , born George Marriott Edgar in Kirkcudbright , Scotland , was a poet , scriptwriter and comedian best known for writing many of the monologues performed by Stanley Holloway , particularly the ' Albert ' series .
Emma Smith DeVoe ( 1848 - -1927 ) was a leading Women Suffragist in the early twentieth century , changing the face of politics for both women and men alike .
( Agnes ) Elisabeth Lutyens , CBE ( 9 July 1906 -- 14 April 1983 ) was an English composer .
John Winram ( 1492 -- 1582 ) was a 16th - century Scottish priest and ecclesiastical reformer .
George Thomson Mason ( 17 August 1818 -- 26 April 1846 ) was a United States Army Second Lieutenant killed in the Thornton Affair during the Mexican--
Carlo Lotti ( 30 March 1916 -- 6 March 2013 ) was an Italian engineer and professor for hydraulic construction .
Sir John Salusbury , 4th Baronet ( died 23 May 1684 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1685 .
Robert Dunkin died , aged 70 , at Penzance , 10 August 1831 .
José Joaquim Champalimaud de Nussane de Sousa Lira e Castro de Barbosa ( Valença , Fontoura 4 October 1771 -- Portalegre , Elvas 5 May 1825 ) was a Portuguese marshal .
Heinrich Eduard von Lade ( 24 February 1817 -- 7 August 1904 ) was a German banker and amateur astronomer .
Tom Goddard ( 1 October 1900 -- 22 May 1966 ; in full Thomas William John Goddard or simply Thomas William Goddard ) was the fifth highest wicket taker in first - class cricket .
Lü Ju ( died 256 ) , courtesy name Shiyi ( 世議 ) , was a military general of the state of Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period .
Hildebrand Gregori , O.S.B. Silv . , ( 8 May 1894 -- 12 November 1985 ) , was an Italian Benedictine monk , who served as the Abbot General of the Sylvestrine congregation of the Order .
William Humble ( later William John Humble - Crofts ; 9 December 1846 -- 1 July 1924 ) was an English clergyman and cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1873 and 1877 .
Sir John Phillips Rhodes , 2nd Baronet , DSO ( 19 July 1884 -- 14 November 1955 ) was the son of Sir George Rhodes , a Justice of the Peace for Cheshire .
Brigadier - General Percy Robert Clifford Groves CB CMG DSO ( 26 May 1878 -- 12 August 1959 ) was a senior British air strategist who served in the British Army and the Royal Air Force .
Pierre Dumas ( died Paris , 29 February 2000 ) was a French doctor who pioneered drug tests in the Olympic Games and cycling .
Leonel Power ( also spelled Lionel , Lyonel , Leonellus , Leonelle ; Polbero ; 1370 to 1385 -- 5 June 1445 ) was an English composer of the late Medieval and early Renaissance eras .
Tichborne Aston ( 1 November 1716 -- 4 March 1748 ) was an Irish politician .
Douglas Keith Carmody ( 16 February 1919 -- 21 October 1977 ) was an Australian first - class cricketer who played during the 1940s and 1950s .
Ruth Haktin ( Hebrew : רות הקטין‎ , born 18 December 1901 , died 14 July 1991 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset from 1955 until 1959 , and again from 1960 until 1969 .
Lorella De Luca ( 17 September 1940 -- 9 January 2014 ) was an Italian film , television , and voice actress .
Myoma Nyein ( 25 January 1909 -- 15 September 1955 ) was a renowned Burmese musician and composer .
Reginald Gleadowe CVO ( 6 May 1888 -- 9 October 1944 ) was a British teacher and designer who was Slade Professor of Fine Art at Oxford University .
Clay Carr ( April 17 , 1919 -- April 1957 ) was an American rodeo cowboy who competed in the 1930s and 1940s .
George Home , 1st Earl of Dunbar , KG , PC ( ca . 1556 -- 20 January 1611 ) was , in the last decade of his life , the most prominent and most influential Scotsman in England .
Rachel Trickett ( 20 December 1923 -- 24 June 1999 ) was an English novelist , non‑fiction writer , literary scholar , and a prominent British academic ; she served as Principal of St Hugh 's College , Oxford for nearly twenty years , between 1973 and 1991 .
Morton Birnbaum ( 1926 - 2005 , Brooklyn ) was an American lawyer and physician who advocated for the right of psychiatric patients to have adequate help , and who coined the term sanism .
Walt Carmon ( 1894 - 1968 ) was a magazine editor and writer best known for his years as managing editor of the Communist magazine the New Masses from 1929 to 1932 .
Alexander Viets Griswold Allen , D.D. ( 1841 - -1908 ) was an Episcopal theologian , born at Otis , Massachusetts , United States of America .
Wang Kangle ( Chinese : 王康乐 ; Pinyin : Wáng Kānglè ; 1907 - 2006 ) was a Chinese painter born in Fenghua , Zhejiang province .
Mabel Keyes Babcock ( 1862 - -1931 ) was one of America 's early women landscape architects .
Ye Fashan or Yeh Fa - shan ( Chinese : 葉法善 ; 631 - -720 ) , also known as Perfect Man Ye , was a Taoist wonder - worker reportedly from the Tang dynasty .
Edmund Goulding ( 20 March 1891 -- 24 December 1959 ) was a British film writer and director .
George Goring , 1st Earl of Norwich ( 28 April 1585 -- 6 January 1663 ) was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1628 when he was raised to the peerage .
Teddy Gardiner ( 9 November 1890 -- 16 September 1938 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Charles George Nurse ( 1862 Barnham - 5 November 1933 , Tunbridge Wells ) was an English military officer , naturalist , ornithologist and entomologist .
Leo Sachs ( Hebrew : ליאו זקס ; ‎ 14 October 1924 -- 12 December 2013 ) was a German - born Israeli molecular biologist and cancer researcher .
Tuoba Chuo ( Chinese : 拓跋綽 ; pinyin : Tuòbá Chuò ) ( died 293 ) , chieftain of the Tuoba 286 - -293 .
Gerald Suster ( 2 August 1951 -- 3 February 2001 ) was a British historian , occult writer , and novelist .
Karol Kot ( 18 December 1946 -- 16 May 1968 ) was a Polish serial killer .
Percy Morris CBE JP ( 6 October 1893 -- 7 March 1967 ) was a British railway clerk , trade unionist and politician who became Mayor of Swansea and represented the town in Parliament .
Sholom Rokeach ( 1781 -- 10 September 1855 ) , also known as the Sar Sholom ( Hebrew : שר שלום‎ , `` Angel of Peace '' ) , was the first Belzer Rebbe .
Ralph Hopton , 1st Baron Hopton DL ( March 1596 -- September 1652 ) was a Royalist commander in the English Civil War , appointed lieutenant - general under the Marquess of Hertford in the west at the beginning of the conflict .
George Knox Anderson JP ( 1854 -- 19 March 1941 ) was briefly the Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Canterbury .
Ihor Nadein ( Ukrainian : Ігор Олександрович Надєїн ; 3 March 1948 -- 25 December 2014 ) was a Soviet football player and a Ukrainian coach and the Merited Coach of Ukraine .
Aksel Jacobsen Bogdanoff ( 1922 - 1971 ) , from Lille Ekkerøy , is noteworthy for two reasons .
Karolina Proniewska ( pronunciation ) or Karolina Praniauskaitė ( 1828 - -1859 ) was a romantic Polish - Lithuanian poet and translator , of Samogitian extraction .
Kazimierz Sporny died from a brain cancer on 17 May 1949 .
Lorin Thompson , Lorin Hartwell Jr Thompson , ( 1911 - -1997 ) , was a muralist , artist , and creator and illustrator of the character Ranger Rick for the National Wildlife Federation 's children 's magazine , Ranger Rick .
Juan Wallparrimachi ( 1793 - -1814 ) was a poet who wrote in Quechua languages .
Martino della Torre ( died 1263 ) was an Italian condottiero and statesman .
Alexander McKenzie Ross ( 25 December 1805 -- 8 August 1862 ) was a British builder and engineer .
Axel Gyntersberg ( c. 1525 -- 1588 ) was a Norwegian nobleman and feudal overlord .
Henry George Hoyland ( January 1895 -- 29 October 1947 ) was a Sheffield - born portrait and figure painter .
Gamaliel Clifton D.Can . L. ( d.1541 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1522 to 1541 and Dean of Hereford from 1530 - 1541 .
William Carnsew ( by 1497 - 1570 ) , of Bokelly in St. Kew , Cornwall , was an English politician .
Sir William Wrey , 2nd Baronet ( 1600 - 1645 ) of Trebeigh , St I ve , Cornwall and North Russell , Sourton , Devon , was MP for Liskeard , Cornwall in 1624 .
Victor I , Prince of Anhalt - Bernburg - Schaumburg - Hoym ( Schaumburg , 7 September 1693 -- Schaumburg , 15 April 1772 ) , was a German prince of the House of Ascania who belonged to a cadet branch of the princely house of Anhalt - Bernburg .
Lieutenant - Colonel John Stoughton Dennis ( 19 October 1820 -- 7 July 1885 ) was a Canadian surveyor , militia officer , and civil servant .
Iqbal Haider ( 14 January 1945 -- 11 November 2012 ) was a Senior Advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and the Co - Chairperson of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan ( `` HRCP '' ) .
Pedro Lagos Marchant ( 1832 -- 18 January 1884 ) was a Chilean infantry commander .
Sir Edward Nicholas ( 4 April 1593 -- 1669 ) was an English office holder and politician who served as Secretary of State to Charles I and Charles II . He also sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1629 .
Kryštof Josef Hollandt ( ? - 1713 ) was a Moravian lawyer and professor of law at University of Olomouc in years 1695 - 1707 , author of a commentary on the Institutes of Justinian .
Sir Jehangir Cowasji Jehangir Readymoney , 1st Baronet , KCIE ( 8 June 1853 -- 26 July 1934 ) was a prominent member of the Bombay ( today Mumbai ) Parsi community .
John Noel Duckworth ( 25 December 1912 -- 24 November 1980 ) , MA , TD , was a rower and Anglican priest , Canon of Accra and the first Chaplain of Churchill College .
John Leslie Foster , FRS ( c. 1781 -- 10 July 1842 ) was an Irish barrister , judge and Tory Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the United Kingdom Parliament .
Elias Salupeto Pena ( died 2 November 1992 ) served as the representative of UNITA , an anti - Communist rebel group that fought against the MPLA in the Angolan Civil War , to the Joint Military and Political Commission .
Theodor Buhl ( 1864/1865 - 11 October 1922 ) was a London stamp dealer who published Stamp News , which he also edited until 1895 .
Claude - Thomas Dupuy ( 10 December 1678 -- 15 September 1738 ) was from Paris , France , where he followed the family 's path of upward mobility and prepared himself for a career in law .
Professor John MacFarlane Cliff died in Haslar , Hampshire on 3 July 1972 .
Henry Hyde Champion ( 1859 - -1928 ) was a socialist journalist and activist , regarded as one of the leading spirits behind the formation of the Independent Labour Party .
John of Lodi ( 1025 - 1106 ) was an Italian hermit and bishop .
Ramabhadra ( 833 - -836 ) was a ruler of Gurjar Pratihar dynasty .
Maria Jane Williams ( c.1795 -- 10 November 1873 ) was a 19th - century Welsh musician and folklorist born at Aberpergwm House , Glynneath in Glamorgan , South Wales .
Colin Tarrant ( 14 June 1952 -- 26 January 2012 ) was an English actor best known for playing Inspector Andrew Monroe in ITV 's The Bill between 1990 and 2002 .
Philip Chute or Chowte ( born by 1506 - 1567 ) , of Horne Place , Appledore , Kent , was an English politician .
Sir William Parsons , 1st Baronet of Bellamont ( 1570 - -1650 ) , was one of the Lord Justices of Ireland in 1640 .
S. Gopalan , pen - name Gopulu ( 18 June 1924 -- 29 April 2015 ) , was a Tamil illustrator and cartoonist , known for his work for the Tamil humour magazine Ananda Vikatan .
Roy Nielsen ( 27 March 1916 -- 4 April 1945 ) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II , a member of Milorg and involved in propaganda and sabotage .
Bernard Lens II ( 1659 - -1725 ) was an English engraver , pioneer of mezzotint technique , and publisher .
Sir Thomas Hatton , 1st Baronet ( c1583 -- 23 September 1658 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England variously between 1621 and 1640 .
Gertrude Alice Meredith Williams , née Williams ( c. 1877 -- 3 March 1934 ) was a British sculptor , painter , illustrator and stained glass designer .
Leo McKern , AO ( born Reginald McKern , 16 March 1920 -- 23 July 2002 ) was an Australian actor who appeared in numerous British and Australian television programmes and films , and in more than 200 stage roles .
Anatoliy Trozhenkov ( sometimes listed as Anatoly Troshenkov , 1930 - -1999 ) was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the 1950s .
Miodrag Tomić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миодраг Томић ; 17 May ( O.S. 5 May ) 1888 -- 20 February 1962 ) was a Serbian and Yugoslav military pilot who flew during the Balkan Wars and World War I. Tomić belonged to the first class of six Serbian pilots trained in France in 1912 .
Mór Korach or Maurizio Korach ( 8 February 1888 − 27 November 1975 ) was a Hungarian chemical engineer , founder of the technical chemistry in Hungary , a full member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences .
Thomas Day ( 22 June 1748 -- 28 September 1789 ) was a British author and abolitionist .
Marie - Étienne Nitot ( Paris , 2 April 1750 -- 9 September 1809 ) was a French jeweller , official jeweller to the Emperor Napoleon , and founder of the House of Chaumet .
Henry Howard , 7th Duke of Norfolk , KG PC Earl Marshal ( 11 January 1655 -- 2 April 1701 ) was a politician and soldier .
Frank Gibson Costello ( 1903 - -1987 ) was an architect in Australia , including many years with the Brisbane City Council .
João Teixeira Soares de Sousa ( 12 September 1827 -- 1 February 1875 ) was an Azorean entrepreneur , politician and investigator of Azorean history , anthropology , and ethnography .
Tore Sinding ( Stavern , 1903 -- Solbukta , Frogn , 1969 ) was a Norwegian pianist and composer .
Madeleine Masson ( Madeleine Masson Rayner ; 23 April 1912 -- 23 August 2007 ) was a South African - born English - language author of plays , film scripts , novels , memoirs and biographies .
Daniel Alexander Payne Murray ( 1852 - 1925 ) was an assistant librarian at the Library of Congress ; a bibliographer , author , politician , and historian .
Laurie Cahill ( 22 September 1912 - 6 December 1974 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Aage Thaarup ( 1906 - -1987 ) was a Danish - born milliner who ran a celebrated hatmaking business in London between the 1930s and 1970s .
Raymond E. Page ( 1895 - -1992 ) was a Southern California - based landscape architect , best known for his work at Pickford , the Beverly Hills home of Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks .
Domenico Meccoli ( 4 January 1913 -- 21 November 1983 ) was an Italian film critic , journalist , screenwriter and occasional actor .
Simeon ten Holt ( 24 January 1923 -- 25 November 2012 ) was a Dutch contemporary classical composer .
Alan Steen ( 1922 -- 26 August 2012 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger , active between 1939 and 1952 .
Dr . Gopinath Panigrahi ( 27 February 1924 to 23 December 2004 ) Botanist , Ph . D. ( University of Leeds ) , FBS , FLS ( London ) , FIFS , FAST , the renowned plant taxonomist expert par excellence and an authority on botanical nomenclature in a lifetime devoted to Botany .
William Crofts , 1st Baron Crofts ( c.1611 - -1677 ) was an English baron and Gentleman of the Bedchamber to Charles II .
Sir Henry Wellwood - Moncreiff , 10th Baronet DD , originally Henry Moncrieff ( 1809 - -1883 ) was a Scottish minister , considered one of the most influential figures in the Free Church of Scotland in his time .
Ron Marshall ( 26 November 1915 -- 2 November 2001 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Frederik Bos ( 28 May 1866 , Usselo , Overijssel - 11 June 1931 , Twekkelo ) was a Dutch politician .
Christian Heinrich Bünger ( 11 October 1782 -- 8 December 1842 ) was professor of anatomy and was the first surgeon to introduce rhinoplasty .
Cadwallader Owen ( c. 1562 -- 1617 ) was a Welsh Church of England clergyman , debater and writer .
Cornelia Frances Jefferson ( née Cornelia Frances Thomas ; 1 Oct 1796 , New York -- 24 October 1848 Philadelphia ) was a famous early - American singer and prolific comic actress .
Niall mac Cailein ( died 1316 ) , also known as Sir Neil Campbell , was a nobleman and warrior who spent his life in the service of King Robert I of Scotland , His Gaelic name means `` Niall , Colin 's son '' since he was the son of Cailean Mór .
Dankvart Dreyer ( 13 June 1816 -- 4 November 1852 ) was a Danish landscape painter of the Copenhagen School of painters who was educated under the guidance of Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg .
Chea Sim ( Khmer : ជា សីុម ; 15 November 1932 -- 8 June 2015 ) was a Cambodian politician .
Barone Berlinghieri ( fl . 1228 - -1282 ) was an Italian painter .
Frederick Mason Brewer CBE FRIC ( 1903 -- 11 February 1963 ) was an English chemist .
Melvin Mooney ( 1893 - -1968 ) was an American physicist and rheologist .
Sydney Richard Ubee , AFC , CB , ( 1903 - -1998 ) , Air Vice - Marshal .
John Horsefield ( 18 July 1792 -- 6 March 1854 ) was an English handloom weaver and amateur botanist after whom the daffodil Narcissus ' Horsfieldii ' is named .
Æthelstan or Athelstan ( Old English : Æþelstan , Æðelstān , meaning `` noble stone '' ; c. 894 -- 27 October 939 ) was King of the Anglo - Saxons from 924 to 927 and King of the English from 927 to 939 .
Fleming Lee ( 1933 - -2013 ) , born Fleming Lee Blitch , was an American author , best known for his collaborations with Leslie Charteris on his series of `` Saint '' novels .
Fu An ( Chinese:傅安 fl . 1385 - -1429 ) was a Supervising Censor , who was dispatched in 1385 with two other Censors and a eunuch named Liu Wei , to open communications with the nations of Central Asia .
Håkon Meyer ( 11 March 1896 -- 23 October 1989 ) was a Norwegian politician , trade unionist and businessperson .
Nellie Stockbridge ( ca . 1868 -- May 22 , 1965 ) was an early Idaho frontier mining district photographer .
Branko Ružić ( 4 March 1919 -- 27 November 1997 ) was a prominent Croatian painter , sculptor and professor at the Academy of fine arts , Zagreb .
Walter Spies ( 15 September 1895 -- 19 January 1942 ) was a Russian - born German primitivist painter .
Peter Scawen Watkinson Roberts VC , DSC ( 28 July 1917 -- 8 December 1979 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
James Negus ( 22 February 1927 -- 22 February 2008 ) was a British philatelist and book editor .
Octavius Oakley RWS ( 27 April 1800 , in Bermondsey -- 1 March 1867 , in London ) , was an English watercolour portrait , figure and landscape artist .
Martin Dumollard ( 22 June 1810 − 8 March 1862 ) was a French serial killer condemned to the guillotine after having been arrested and charged with the deaths of maids from 1855 to 1861 .
Feliks Oraczewski of Szreniawa coat of arms ( 14 January 1739 in Przybysławice -- 12 August 1799 in Vienna ) was a Polish writer , educational and political activist .
Bartolomeo Pagano ( 27 September 1878 - 24 June 1947 ) was an Italian motion picture actor .
Witold Rodziński ( 5 October 1918 -- 18 December 1997 ) was a Polish historian , sinologist and diplomat .
Reverend Geoffrey Lowrey Speak ( 史璧琦牧師 ) OBE ( 6 October 1924 -- 13 March 2000 ) was a British teacher and educationist to Hong Kong .
Famed locally for his philanthropy , he died on 10 September 1579 , leaving money in his will to establish the Richard Watts Charity and Six Poor Travellers House in Rochester High Street .
John Hawley Edwards ( 21 March 1850 -- 14 January 1893 ) was an English footballer who made one appearance for England in 1874 , before going on to play for Wales in 1876 .
Karl Ludwig Hencke ( 8 April 1793 -- 21 September 1866 ) was a German amateur astronomer .
Pathani Samanta ( /pəthɑːnɪ sɑːməntə/ ; Odia : ପଠାଣି ସାମନ୍ତ born Samanta Chandra Sekhar Harichandan Mahapatra ; 13 December 1835 - 11 June 1904 ) was an Indian astrologer and scholar who measured the distance from earth with a bamboo pipe and many other traditional instruments that he built .
Nancy Burne ( 23 December 1907 , Chorlton , Lancashire -- 25 March 1954 ) was an English stage and film actress .
Huangfu Bo ( 皇甫鎛 ) ( died 820 ) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Xianzong .
Stanisława Walasiewicz , also known as Stefania Walasiewicz , Stanisława Walasiewiczówna ( see Polish name ) and Stella Walsh ( 3 April 1911 -- 4 December 1980 ) was a Polish track and field athlete , who became a women 's Olympic champion in the 100 metres .
Ferguson Findley ( 1910 - -1963 ) was the pseudonym of Charles Weiser Frey .
Rajani Palme Dutt ( 19 June 1896 -- 20 December 1974 ) , best known as R. Palme Dutt , was a leading journalist and theoretician in the Communist Party of Great Britain .
Baron Fredrik Wilhelm Carpelan ( 1778 - -1829 ) , from the Carpelan family , was a Swedish baron and official .
Sir Richard Everard , 2nd Baronet ( 1625 - 29 August 1694 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1679 .
Pierre Barbotin ( 29 September 1926 -- 19 February 2009 ) was a French racing cyclist , riding professionally from about 1948 to 1961 .
Ivan Briukhovetsky ( Ukrainian : Іван Брюховецький , Polish : Iwan Brzuchowiecki ) ( died 18 June 1668 ) was a pro - Russian hetman of Left - Bank Ukraine from 1663 to 1668 .
Julia Ettie Crane ( May 19 , 1855 -- 1923 ) , also known as Julia Etta Crane , was an American music educator , and the first person to set up a school , the Crane School of Music , specifically for the training of public school music teachers .
John Hyslop Bell ( c. 1833 - 1920 ) was a Scottish journalist , newspaper owner and editor .
John Sheppey ( c. 1300 -- 19 October 1360 ) was an English administrator and bishop .
Mary Hocking ( 8 April 1921 - 17 February 2014 ) was a British writer who published 24 novels between 1961 and 1996 .
Ali ibn Babawayh Qummi ( died 939 ) was a Twelver Shi'a scholar from the time of the Ghaybat al - Sughra .
Sir Patrick Hennessy ( 18 April 1898 -- 13 March 1981 ) was an Irish - born British industrialist , originally from County Cork .
Alfredo del Diestro ( 1885 - -1951 ) was Chilean actor and film director .
Manasses V , Count of Rethel ( died 1272 ) was the youngest son of Count Hugh II and his wife , Felicitas of Broyes .
Hákun Djurhuus ( 11 December 1908 -- 22 September 1987 ) was the prime minister of the Faroe Islands from 1963 - 1967 .
Vaughan Murray Griffin ( 1903 - -1992 ) was an Australian print maker and painter .
Anne Parsons , Countess of Rosse ( née Messel , previously Armstrong - Jones ; 8 February 1902 - 3 July 1992 ) was a society hostess and one of the founders of The Victorian Society and the mother of Antony Armstrong - Jones , 1st Earl of Snowdon .
Edmund Flagg ( 1815 - -1890 ) was an American writer , lawyer , and diplomat .
Gofraid mac Sitriuc ( died 951 ) , in Old Norse Guðrøðr Sigtryggsson , was King of Dublin .
François Sébastien Letourneux ( 1752 - -1814 ) was a French lawyer and politician who was Minister of the Interior under the Directory .
Joan Fitzgerald , Countess of Ormond , Countess of Desmond ( ca . 1509 or ca . 1514 -- 2 January 1565 ) was a Norman - Irish noblewoman and heiress , a member of the Fitzgerald family , who were also known as the `` Geraldines '' .
Georges Burou ( 1910 - -1987 ) was a French gynecologist who managed a clinic in Casablanca , Morocco and is widely credited with innovating modern sex reassignment surgery for trans women .
Michael Arne ( 1740 or 1741 -- 14 January 1786 ) was an English composer , harpsichordist , organist , singer , and actor .
Palmer Williams ( died Jan. 1 , 1996 ) was an American broadcast journalist and documentary film maker .
Sydney George Hulme Beaman , born in 1887 and who died 4 February 1932 , was an author & illustrator best known as the creator of the Toytown stories and their characters including Larry the Lamb .
Louise Dickinson Rich ( 14 June 1903 -- 9 April 1991 ) was a writer known for fiction and non - fiction works about the New England region of the United States , particularly Massachusetts and Maine .
Alois Wotawa ( 11 June 1896 -- 12 April 1970 ) was an Austrian composer of chess problems and endgame studies .
Jaya Prakash Malla ( Nepali : जयप्रकाश मल्ल ) ( died 1768 ) was the last king of Yen ( यें ) or Kantipur ( कान्तिपुर ) which corresponds to present day Kathmandu .
Li Baoyu ( 李抱玉 ) ( 703 -- April 15 , 777 ) , né An Chongzhang ( 安重璋 ) , known for some time as An Baoyu ( 安抱玉 ) , formally Duke Zhaowu of Liang ( 涼昭武公 ) , was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty .
Don Branigan ( 1933 - -1999 ) was a Canadian politician and medical doctor , best known as a former mayor of Whitehorse , Yukon .
Joaquín Ascaso Budria ( Zaragoza , c. 1906/1907 -- Caracas , March 1977 ) was an anarcho syndicalist and President of the Regional Defence Council of Aragon between 1936 and 1937 .
John de Pembroke ( died 1365 ) was a Welsh - born judge who held several senior offices in Ireland , including that of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland .
Zhao Xinchu ( Chinese : 赵辛初 ) ( 1915 - -1991 ) , birth name Shuai Qitai ( Chinese : 帅启汰 ) or Shuai Yinghai ( Chinese : 帅英孩 ) , courtesy name Qitai ( Chinese : 启泰 ) , was a Chinese politician , born in Huangmei County , Hubei Province .
Cecil Frances Alexander ( April 1818 -- 12 October 1895 ) , was a hymn - writer and poet .
Friedrich August von Klinkowström ( 31 August 1778 -- 4 April 1835 ) was a German artist , author and teacher from an old Pomeranian noble family .
Christian Vater ( 11 October 1679 -- 25 January 1756 ) was a German organ and harpsichord builder .
George W. Drum ( October 3 , 1925 - -December 16 , 1997 ) was an early leader in automobile club circles , and the first director of the Crosley Car Owners Club in 1952 .
Leif Rustad ( 30 October 1903 -- 17 June 1976 ) was a Norwegian cellist and radio pioneer .
Thomas Lipson , R.N. ( ca.1784 -- 25 October 1863 ) generally known as Captain Lipson was born in Dartmouth , England .
Yolanda Mérida ( 20 August 1929 -- 11 April 2012 ) was a Mexican actress known for her work in theater and television .
Ștefan Bârsănescu ( 28 March 1895 - -5 November 1984 ) was a Romanian academician and educator who gained renown as an essayist and philosopher .
Johann Freiherr von Appel ( also Baron Johann von Appel ) , ( 1826 -- 1906 ) was an Austrian administrator .
Gerd Aretz ( born 18 February 1930 , died 5 July 2009 ) was a German artist .
George Leeman ( August 1809 -- 25 February 1882 ) was a lawyer , railwayman and a Liberal Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the City of York in the nineteenth century .
Alfonso de Bourbon Sampedro ( born Leon Shafferman ; 22 October 1932 -- 10 January 2012 ) , known as The Count , was a Swiss - American eccentric who claimed to be a descendant of the Spanish Royal Family and a first cousin of King Juan Carlos .
Andrew Melville ( 1 August 1545 -- 1622 ) was a Scottish scholar , theologian and religious reformer .
Alexander Grinberg ( Александр Данилович Гринберг , Aleksandr Danilovich Grinberg ) ( 1885 - -1979 ) was a Russian and Soviet photographer .
Monroe Berkowitz ( 1919 - -2009 ) was Professor of Economics at Rutgers University , New Brunswick , New Jersey , where he was chair for many years , and director of the Bureau of Economic Research .
Colonel John Suther Williamson CB ( ca . 1775 - -26 April 1836 ) was a British Army officer who served in the Royal Artillery during the Napoleonic Wars .
Reverend Thomas Kingsmill Abbott ( 26 March 1829 -- 18 December 1913 ) was an Irish scholar and educator .
Publius Licinius Cornelius Saloninus Valerianus ( c. 242 -- 260 ) was Roman Emperor in 260 .
Galal Amer ( Arabic : جلال عامر‎ ; 23 July 1952 -- 12 February 2012 ) was an Egyptian journalist , well known for his sarcasm and sense of humor .
Wilson Barrett ( born William Henry Barrett ; 18 February 1846 -- 22 September 1904 ) was an English manager , actor , and playwright .
Helgi Jónsson ( 11 April 1867 , Rangárvallasýsla - 1925 ) was an Icelandic botanist and phycologist .
Mario Visintini , MOVM , ( 26 April 1913 -- 11 February 1941 ) , was the first Regia Aeronautica ace of World War II . In recognition of his flying skill and meticulousness , Visintini was nicknamed cacciatore scientifico ( scientific fighter pilot ) .
Doug Munro ( 7 February 1917 -- 18 September 1989 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
George Bull ( 25 March 1634 -- 17 February 1710 ) was an English theologian and Bishop of St David 's .
Camille Gutt ( 14 November 1884 -- 7 June 1971 ) , born Camille Guttenstein , was a Belgian economist , politician , and industrialist .
Countess Johanna Magdalene of Hanau - Lichtenberg ( 18 December 1660 , Bischofsheim am Hohen Steg -- 21 August 1715 , Hanau ) was a daughter of Johann Reinhard II of Hanau - Lichtenberg ( 1628 - -1666 ) and the Countess Palatine Anna Magdalena of Birkenfeld - Bischweiler ( 1640 - -1693 ) .
Wilhelm August Graah ( 1793 - -1863 ) was a Danish naval officer and Arctic explorer .
Anthony Freston , né Brettingham ( 1757 - -1819 ) was an English Anglican clergyman .
Fazal Mahmood ( Urdu : فضل محمود‎ ) , ( 18 February 1927 -- 30 May 2005 ) was a Pakistani cricketer , regarded as the finest pace bowler of his country 's early years .
Michael Darbyshire ( 15 October 1917 -- 20 November 1979 ) was an English television actor most famous for his portrayal of Hubert Davenport , the Victorian ghost in the long - running BBC TV children 's comedy series Rentaghost .
Hugh of Champlitte ( died 1209 ) was the nephew of William of Champlitte , the first Prince of Achaea .
Karelius August Arntzen ( 10 November 1802 -- 1876 ) was a Norwegian jurist , civil servant and politician .
István Thomán ( Hungarian : ( ˈiʃtvaːn ˈtomaːn ) ; 4 November 1862 -- 22 September 1940 ) was a Hungarian piano virtuoso and music educator .
Edward Grainger ( 1797 - -1824 ) was an English teacher of anatomy , and dresser to Sir Astley Cooper .
Pandit Wamanrao Sadolikar ( 16 September 1907 -- 25 March 1991 ) was a Hindustani classical vocalist of the Jaipur - Atrauli Gharana founded by his guru , Utd .
Franz Bardon ( 1 December 1909 -- 10 July 1958 ) was a Czech occultist and student and teacher of Hermetics .
Friedrich Seyler ( 13 December 1642 -- 31 January 1708 ) , also spelled Friedrich Seiler , was a Swiss Reformed ( i.e. Calvinist ) pastor and theologian from Basel , noted for his work Anabaptista Larvatus on Anabaptism .
Herb Louch ( 4 January 1875 -- 29 August 1936 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Charles Valentine Le Grice ( 1773 - -1858 ) was an Anglican priest , an associate of Charles Lamb and Samuel Taylor Coleridge , a squib writer , and a translator of Longus .
James Thurbarne ( 1607 - -1688 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1656 and 1679 .
Ernest J. Kump , Jr. ( December 29 , 1911 -- November 4 , 1999 ) , was an American architect , author , and inventor based in Palo Alto , California .
Sir Maurice Denys ( 1516 - -1563 ) of St John 's Street , Clerkenwell , London and Siston Court , Gloucestershire , was an English lawyer in London and a property speculator during the Dissolution of the Monasteries , during which period he served as a `` powerful figure at the Court of Augmentations '' .
Dame Alice Josephine Mary Taylor Barnes , DBE ( 18 August 1912 -- 28 December 1999 ) , known professionally as Dr. Josephine Barnes , was a leading obstetrician and gynaecologist .
Richard Gwent ( died 1543 ) , was the archdeacon of London .
François van Campenhout ( 5 February 1779 -- 24 April 1848 ) was a Belgian opera singer , conductor and composer .
Pierre Laporte ( 25 February 1921 -- 17 October 1970 ) was a Canadian lawyer , journalist and politician who was the Deputy Premier and Minister of Labour of the province of Quebec before being kidnapped and assassinated by members of the group Front de libération du Québec ( FLQ ) during the October Crisis .
Jack Chanin ( 1907 - -1997 ) was a performer , demonstrator , manufacturer , creator , and magic shop owner .
SS - Gruppenführer Fritz Katzmann or Friedrich Katzmann ( 6 May 1906 -- 19 September 1957 ) was a Nazi German Major General and Polizei leader who perpetrated genocide in Katowice , Radom , Lemberg ( Lwów ) , Danzig ( Gdańsk ) , and across the Nazi German District of Galicia during the Holocaust in occupied Poland .
Mullamangalath Raman Bhattathiripad ( 1908 - -2001 ) , commonly known as M. R. Bhattathiripad or MRB , was a social reformer , cultural leader and a Malayalam writer .
Domenico Bellizzi ( 1918 - 1989 ) , also known under the pseudonym of Vorea Ujko , is among the most popular and respected of the Arbëresh poets .
John Francis Neylan ( November 6 , 1885 - August 19 , 1960 ) was an American lawyer , journalist , political and educational figure .
Derek Richter ( 14 January 1907 -- 15 December 1995 ) , English neuroscientist , was one of the founding fathers of the science of brain chemistry .
Jakob Edelstein ( AKA Yacov , Yaakov , Jakub Edelstein or Edlstein ) , ( Horodenka ( Galicia ) , 25 July 1903 -- 20 June 1944 Auschwitz ) was a Czechoslovakian Zionist , social democrat and the first Jewish Elder in the Theresienstadt ghetto
Tahir Tewfiq ( Kurdish : تایەر تۆفیق‎ , Arabic : طاهر توفیق‎ , also Tayer Tofiq ) ( 1922 - -1987 ) was a popular Kurdish musician and singer .
Diego Fernández de Cáceres y Ovando ( -- Monleón , aft . February 2 , 1487 ) was a Spanish military and nobleman .
Sir Howard Elphinstone , 2nd Baronet ( 9 June 1804 -- 16 March 1893 ) was a British Whig politician He was elected as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Hastings at the 1835 general election , having unsuccessfully contested the seat in 1832 .
Arthur Fleischmann ( born 1896 , Bratislava ; d. 2 March 1990 , Tenerife ) was a Slovak - born , London - based sculptor , who pioneered the use of Perspex in sculpture .
Jeanne Weber ( 7 October 1874 -- 5 July 1918 ) was a French serial killer .
Giuseppe Filippo Liberati Marchi ( 1735 -- 2 April 1808 ) was an Italian - English painter and engraver .
Thomas Davison ( 1794 - 1826 ) was a British radical journalist and printer - publisher of a series of journals , including Medusa , the London Alfred , the Deist 's Magazine , as well as the James Griffin - edited Cap of Liberty and the Robert Shorter - edited Theological Comet .
Richard Harding Watt ( 1842 - -1913 ) was an English designer who worked with four professional architects to create large houses and associated buildings in the town of Knutsford , Cheshire .
Anna Juliana Gonzaga , O.S.M. , ( 16 November 1566 -- 3 August 1621 ) was an Archduchess of Austria who became a Religious Sister of the Servite Order after the death of her husband , the Archduke Ferdinand II of Austria .
Ivan Belostenec ( born in Varaždin , ca . 1594 - Lepoglava , died 2 February 1675 ) was a Croatian linguist and lexicographer .
June Ravenhall ( 1901 - -1984 ) is one of the British Heroes of the Holocaust .
Thomas Prothero ( or Protheroe ) ( 1780 - -1853 ) was a Welsh lawyer and businessman , known as an opponent of John Frost and a mine owner .
Gilbert Basset ( died 1241 ) was an English baronial leader during the reign of King Henry III .
Henry Heyward Isham ( 4 November 1926 - 18 June 2009 ) , was a negotiator who played an important role in the talks with North Vietnam that led to the Peace accord of 1973 .
John E. Hamm , M.D. ( 31 May 1776 , in Kent Co. , near Dover , Delaware -- 22 March 1864 , in Zanesville , Muskingum Co. , Ohio ) was an American US Army colonel , doctor and politician , diplomat , industrialist , and Marshall of the State of Ohio during the War of 1812 .
Salimuzzaman Siddiqui ( Urdu : سلیم الزّماں صدّیقی‎ ( səˈliːmʊzzəmɑːn sɪˈd̪d̪iːqi ) ; 19 October 1897 -- 14 April 1994 ) , HI , MBE , SI , DPhil , FPAS , FRS , was a Pakistani organic chemist , versatile scholar , and a leading scientist in the natural product chemistry .
Luis Martínez Griñán ( 16 February 1917 -- 17 September 1990 ) , better known as Lilí Martínez , was a Cuban pianist , arranger and composer specializing in the son montuno style .
Balthasar Coyett ( c.1650 Fort Zeelandia ( Taiwan ) -- 19 September 1725 , Batavia , Dutch East Indies ) was a Dutch - Swedish official in the Dutch East India Company , serving from 1701 to 1706 as the Governor of Ambon .
Giovanni Andrea Tria ( 22 July 1676 -- 16 January 1761 ) , was an Italian bishop , diplomat and historian .
Maurice McCrackin ( 1905 - -1997 ) was an American civil rights and peace activist , tax resister and Presbyterian minister .
Michel Boudart ( born 18 June 1924 in Brussels , Belgium ; died 2 May 2012 ) PhD was the William M. Keck Sr . Professor of Chemical Engineering Emeritus at Stanford University .
Matthew Talbot Baines QC , DL ( 17 February 1799 -- 22 January 1860 ) was a British lawyer and Liberal politician .
Andrianjaka reigned over the Kingdom of Imerina in the central highlands region of Madagascar from around 1612 to 1630 .
Izidor Cankar ( 22 April 1886 -- 22 September 1958 ) was a Slovenian author , art historian , diplomat , journalist , translator , and liberal conservative politician .
John Clifford Heed ( 1862 - -1908 ) was an American composer and musician , best known for composing over 60 marches .
Benno Vigny ( 28 October 1889 -- 31 October 1965 ) was a French - German novelist and screenwriter .
Henry Otis Dwight , LL.D. ( June 3 , 1843 -- June 19 , 1917 ) , was an American missionary and author .
Carleton Wiggins NA ( 1848 - -1932 ) was an American landscape and cattle painter .
Ron Kingston ( 10 October 1931 -- 15 March 1997 ) was an Australian rules footballer , who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Miguel Caldera ( 1548 - -1597 ) was an important figure in the pacification and colonization of Mexico 's northern frontier immediately following the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire .
John Fitzedmund Fitzgerald ( died 1589 ) was the hereditary Seneschal of Imokilly ( Imokilly is the area around Youghal , both words deriving from Eochaill , meaning a yew wood ) , an Irish nobleman of the originally Welsh - Norman FitzGerald dynasty in the province of Munster .
Colonel Sir Joseph West Ridgeway GCB GCMG KCSI PC ( Ire ) ( 16 May 1844 -- 16 April 1930 ) was a British civil servant and colonial governor .
Lord James Beauclerk ( c. 1709 -- 20 October 1787 ) was an Anglican clergyman who served as the Bishop of Hereford from 1746 to 1787 .
Albert G. Richards ( 1917 - 2008 ) was a photographer and dental scientist .
Timothy Priestley ( 19 June 1734 -- 23 April 1814 ) was an English Independent minister .
Giani Gurdit Singh ( 24 February 1923 -- 17 January 2007 ) was born in Mithewal village ( Sangrur district ) in the state of Punjab , India .
Inamullah Khan ( 1912 - -1997 ) was a Muslim activist who symbolised the World Muslim Congress , Al - Motamar al - Alam al - Islami , for almost four and half decades .
Mary Rosse , Countess of Rosse ( née Mary Field ) ( 1813 - 1885 ) , was a British amateur astronomer and pioneering photographer .
Henri Admirat ( 3 September 1744 -- 17 June 1794 ) was a notable figure in the French Revolution .
Henry Torrens Anstruther ( 27 November 1860 -- 5 April 1926 ) was a British Liberal Unionist politician .
Sir Thomas Deane ( Cork , 1792 -- Dublin , 1871 ) was an Irish architect .
Athanasios Psalidas ( Greek : Αθανάσιος Ψαλίδας ; 1767 - -1829 ) , was a Greek author , scholar and one of the most renowned figures of the modern Greek Enlightenment .
Sir Cedric Stanton Hicks ( 2 June 1892 - 7 February 1976 ) was an Australian Professor of Human Physiology and Pharmacology at the University of Adelaide .
Samuel Azu Crabbe ( 18 November 1918 -- 15 September 2005 ) was a barrister , solicitor and jurist .
Richard Nugent , 3rd Earl of Westmeath , born before 1669 , died April 1714 .
John Gibson Paton ( 24 May 1824 -- 28 January 1907 ) , born in Scotland , was a Protestant missionary to the New Hebrides Islands of the South Pacific .
At the age of 52 , having been hospitalized after a stroke , Uthum Herat died on 23 October 2009 at a private hospital in Colombo .
David Louis Band or David L. Band ( 9 January 1957 -- 16 March 2009 ) was an astronomer , a leading scientist in theory of the gamma - ray bursts .
Kotogahama Sadao ( Jap 琴ヶ濵貞雄 ) ( 10 October 1927 - 7 June 1981 ) was a sumo wrestler from Kanonji , Kagawa , Japan .
William Algernon Churchill ( 1865 - -1947 ) was an art historian and British diplomat .
Per Øyvind Heradstveit ( 26 May 1932 -- 11 May 2004 ) was a Norwegian television journalist and non - fiction writer .
Carl Ditters von Dittersdorf ( 2 November 1739 -- 24 October 1799 ) was an Austrian composer , violinist and silvologist .
William Michell ( 14 February 1796 -- 4 November 1872 ) was a British physician and Member of Parliament .
Frans Otto Eriksson ( 15 April 1867 -- 7 June 1953 ) , also known as Svarta Hästen ( `` The Black Horse '' ) , was a Swedish baker and a convicted thief and murderer .
Captain John Wallace Thomas CBE ( 1888 - -1965 ) was a Newfoundland merchant mariner who served with distinction in the First and Second World Wars .
Valentin Markin ( aka `` Arthur Walter '' ) ( 1903 -- 1934 ) was the chief illegal rezident and director of the espionage operations of the Soviet Union in the United States from 1933 to 1934 .
Francesco Antonio Caneti ( 1652 - -1721 ) was an Italian miniature painter of the Baroque period .
Herbert Mayo , M.D. ( 3 April 1796 -- 28 June 1852 ) , was a British physiologist , anatomist and medical writer .
Thomas Percival Montague Mackey ( 1 June 1894 -- 23 November 1950 ) , better known as Percival Mackey , was a British pianist , composer and bandleader .
Ovid died at Tomis in AD 17 or 18 .
George Sussum ( 1803 -- 10 August 1882 ) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge Town Club and made his first - class debut in 1827 , playing at that level until 1832 .
Ratu Tevita Vakalalabure ( 1927 -- 6 May 2005 ) was a Fijian chief and politician .
Lykele Faber , also given as Lijkele Faber ( Koudekerk aan den Rijn , 14 September 1919 - Vernon , British Columbia , 3 October 2009 ) was a Dutch commando and radio operator during World War II . He took part in the Battle of Arnhem and helped organize the Dutch resistance .
Sir Nicholas Williams , 1st Baronet ( 1681 -- 19 July 1745 ) was a British politician .
Karl Wilhelm Wefring ( 11 October 1867 -- 28 September 1938 ) was a Norwegian physician and politician who served as Minister of Defence in the 1920s .
Horace Day ( 3 July 1909 -- 24 March 1984 ) , also Horace Talmage Day , is a painter of the American scene , born in China , who came to maturity during the Thirties and was active as a painter over the next 50 years .
Mona Salyer Lambird ( 1938 - -1999 ) was an Oklahoma lawyer who became the first woman president of the Oklahoma Bar Association and the first woman elected to the Board of Governors of the Oklahoma Bar Association .
Chief Pretty Eagle ( 1846 - -1903 ) was a war chief , warrior , and diplomat of the Crow Nation .
Yang Kui ( Chinese : 楊逵 ; Wade -- Giles : Yang K'uei ; 18 October 1906 -- 12 March 1985 ) was a prominent writer in Taiwan under Japanese rule .
Gour Khyapa ( 15 August 1947 -- 26 January 2013 ) was a Bengali Baul singer and a philosopher .
Luis Alberto Acuña Gatillon ( 1927 in Iquique -- 2005 ) was a Chilean writer and storyteller par excellence born in Iquique .
Milorad Drašković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милорад Драшковић ; 10 April 1873 -- 21 July 1921 ) was a Serbian politician who was the Minister of Internal Affairs of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
Nico Smith ( 1929 -- 19 June 2010 ) was a South African Afrikaner minister and prominent opponent of apartheid .
Adalla of Silla ( died 184 , r. 154 - -184 ) was the eighth ruler of Silla , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Major Greenwood FRS ( 9 August 1880 -- 5 October 1949 ) was an English epidemiologist and statistician .
Thomas Vilhelm Garde ( 22 October 1859 -- 24 June 1926 ) was a Danish naval officer , distinguished for his explorations in Greenland .
Lavinia Spencer , Countess Spencer ( née Bingham ; 1762 -- 1831 ) , was a British illustrator .
Maria Lanc ( born Maria Jenewein ; 1911 -- 15 November 1995 ) was an Austrian humanitarian .
Thomas Letts ( 1803 -- 1873 ) was an English stationer and printer who popularised the diary .
William Longshaw , Jr. ( 26 April 1836 -- 15 January 1865 ) was a British - born physician who served in the United States Union Navy during the American Civil War .
Juan Díaz de Solís ( 1470 -- 20 January 1516 ) was a 16th Century navigator and explorer .
Beryl Patricia Hall , née Woodhouse ( 1917 - -2010 ) ( cited in ornithological literature as B.P. Hall and in self - published works as Pat Hall ) , was a British ornithologist , associated with the Natural History Museum .
Ray Rosso ( 1916 - 1 December , 2012 ) was an Italian - born American football coach and Orange Coast College 's first ever football coach .
Ferdiš Duša ( 13 January 1888 in Frýdlant nad Ostravicí -- 1958 ibidem ) was a Czech folk painter , graphic artist , illustrator and manufacturer of ceramics , coming from the borderland between Moravia and Silesia .
Professor Armando Menezes ( 1902 - -1983 ) was a Goan poet , writer , academic and civil servant .
Johan Helo ( 22 August 1889 , Helsinki - 25 October 1966 ; surname until 1906 Helenius ) was a Finnish lawyer , diplomat and politician .
William Bower Dawes ( c. 1807 -- 3 August 1869 ) was a farmer in the colony of South Australia , and member of the first fully elected House of Assembly .
Tetsu Komai ( 1894 - -1970 ) was a Japanese actor , known for his minor roles in Hollywood films .
Sir Rowland Hayward ( c. 1520 -- 5 December 1593 ) was a London merchant , and Lord Mayor of the City in both 1570 and 1591 .
Giovanni Battista Benaschi , or Beinaschi , ( 1636 - -1688 ) was an Italian painter and engraver active in the Mannerist style .
Daniel Mendaille ( 27 November 1885 - 17 May 1963 ) was a French stage and film actor whose career spanned nearly sixty years .
Abner Dean ( 18 March 1910 -- 30 June 1982 ) , born Abner Epstein in New York City , was an American cartoonist who was the nephew of sculptor Jacob Epstein .
William Douglas Mackenzie , D.D. , LL.D. ( July 16 , 1859 -- 1936 ) was an American Congregational theologian , born at Fauresmith , Orange River Colony , South Africa , educated in Edinburgh at Watson 's College School ( 1875 ) and at the Congregational Theological Hall ( 1880 - -82 ) .
Thomas Walter Williams ( 1763 - -1833 ) was an English barrister , known as a legal writer .
Erik Balling ( 29 November 1924 -- 19 November 2005 ) was a Danish TV and film director .
Friedrich Lutz ( 22 February 1852 in Heidenheim -- 14 May 1918 in Oettingen ) was a German politician , Bavarian brewery owner , and farmer .
Camillo Filippi ( died 1574 ) was an Italian painter who flourished about the middle of the 16th century .
Zhang Fei ( died 221 ) , courtesy name Yide , was a military general who served under the warlord Liu Bei in the late Eastern Han dynasty and early Three Kingdoms period .
Allan Surtees ( 31 December 1924 -- 1 November 2000 ) was an English actor who appeared in many television productions and films over a 30-year period .
Sayyid Zainal Abidin Ali Khan Bahadur was the son of Nawab Nazim Ashraf Ali Khan of Bengal by his Mut``ah wife , Sharaf - un - nisa Khanum . He died in February , 1826 at Murshidabad .
Joseph Alexander Ames ( 1816 - -1872 ) was an American artist , primarily known for portrait and genre painting .
Roger Martival ( died 14 March 1330 ) was a medieval Bishop of Salisbury in England .
Shiv Kumar Patel ( died 22 July 2007 ) , also known as Dadua , was a notorious dacoit ( bandit ) who operated in ravines and forests on the borders between the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh .
Barthélémy Djabla ( 1936 -- 15 September 2008 ) was the Ivorian Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gagnoa , based in Gagnoa , Côte d'Ivoire .
Lydia Longley ( Sainte - Madeleine ) ( 1674 -- 20 July 1758 ) , is known to many as `` The First American Nun '' after Helen A. McCarthy Sawyer of Groton , Massachusetts published her biographical novel written for Roman Catholic children , The First American Nun , in 1958 .
Stewie Speer ( Stewart Speer , 26 June 1928 -- 16 September 1986 ) was an Australian jazz and rock drummer who is best known as a member ( 1967 - -1976 , 1980 ) of the Australasian group Max Merritt and the Meteors .
Gerald Vere Borlase Burgoyne born 1900 and died 4 July 1943 .
Al - Nasir li - Din Allah ( 1158 -- 4 October 1225 ) ( Arabic : الناصر لدين الله‎ ) was the 34th Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad from 1180 until his death .
Andrea Solari ( also Solario ) ( 1460 - -1524 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter of the Milanese school .
Clifford Grobstein ( July 20 , 1916 -- September 6 , 1998 ) was an American biologist , a cancer researcher , a member of the National Academies of Sciences .
Leslie Perri ( died 1970 ) was the pen name of Doris Marie Claire `` Doë '' Baumgardt , an American science fiction fan , writer , and illustrator .
Frederick Leeds Edridge ( 1800 - 3 April 1841 Woolwich ) was a lieutenant in the Royal Artillery and an amateur artist .
Robert Samut M.B. , CH.M ( 12 October 1869 -- 26 May 1934 ) was a Maltese doctor and musician .
John Parker , 1st Earl of Morley FRS ( 3 May 1772 -- 14 March 1840 ) , known as Lord Boringdon from 1788 to 1815 , was a British peer and politician .
Clarence John Boettiger ( 1900 -- October 31 , 1950 ) was an American newspaperman and military officer .
Robert Goldsand ( March 17 , 1911 -- September 16 , 1991 ) was an Austrian - American classical pianist .
Samuel Rowlands ( c. 1573 - -1630 ) was an English author of pamphlets in prose and verse , which reflect the follies and humours of the lower middle - class life of his time .
William Van Duzer Lawrence ( 1842 - -1927 ) was a millionaire real - estate and pharmaceutical mogul who is best known for having founded Sarah Lawrence College in 1926 .
Abi Williams ( died 1963 ) was a Welsh nationalist who briefly served as the President of Plaid Cymru .
John E. Fenton ( 1898 - 1974 ) was a judge and president of Suffolk University in Boston , Massachusetts from 1965 to 1970 .
Basilio Álvarez ( 1877 - 1943 ) was a Spanish priest , journalist and politician related to the Galician agrarianist movement .
Zhang Renjie ( Chinese : 張人傑 ; Wade -- Giles : Chang Jen - chieh ; 19 September 1877 − 3 September 1950 ) , born Zhang Jingjiang ( Chinese : 張靜江 ; Wade -- Giles : Chang Ching - chiang ) , was a political figure and financial entrepreneur in the Republic of China .
Sultanmahmut Toraygirov ( Kazakh : Сұлтанмахмұт Торайғыров , 29 October 1893 − 21 May 1920 ) was a prominent Kazakh writer and poet .
James Orr MacAndrew ( 22 June 1899 -- 1979 ) was Unionist MP for South Ayrshire for 1931 - 35 .
Pakubuwono XII ( also transliterated Pakubuwana XII ) ( reigned 1944 -- 11 June 2004 ) was the twelfth Susuhunan ( ruler of Surakarta ) and the longest ruling of all monarchs in Javanese history .
Count Alexis de Sakhnoffsky ( 12 November 1901 , Kiev , Ukraine , then in Russian Empire -- 1964 , Atlanta , the USA ) was a Russian Empire - American industrial designer , known principally for his Streamline - style automotive designs .
Pierio Valeriano Bolzani ( 1477 - -1558 ) , born Giampietro Valeriano Bolzani , was an Italian Renaissance humanist , favored by the Medici .
Tomasz Dąbal ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈtɔmaʂ ˈdɔmbal ) ; 29 December 1890 - 21 August 1937 ) was a Polish communist activist .
Julius Soubise ( 1754 -- 25 August 1798 ) was a freed Afro - Caribbean slave who became a well - known fop in 1760s/1770s Britain .
Andrew Wilson Baird ( 1842 - -1908 ) was a Scottish colonel of the Royal Engineers .
Philip Streczyk ( 25 November 1918 -- 25 June 1958 ) was a sergeant in the U.S. 1st Infantry Division during World War II .
Valentine Browne , 1st Earl of Kenmare ( January 1754 -- 3 October 1812 ) was the Seventh Baronet Browne .
Ovidiu Zotta ( 1935 - 1996 ) was a Romanian writer of children 's stories and an editor , scriptwriter and comic strip designer .
Ishaq ibn Isma'il ( before 833 -- 853 ) , also known as Sahak in Georgian sources , was the emir of Tbilisi between 833 and 853 .
In April 1906 the two leaders were reinforced by Panagiotis Papatzaneteas and Ioannis Sakelaropoulos Stavros Rigas survived the Greek Struggle for Macedonia and participated in the Greco - Turkish War of 1919 - -22 , where he fell in 1921 .
Adam Drese ( ca . 1620 -- 15 February 1701 ) was a German composer and bass viol player .
Arthur Cowper Ranyard ( 21 June 1845 -- 14 December 1894 ) was an English astrophysicist .
French professor of mineralogy Charles - Victor Mauguin ( 19 July 1878 -- 25 April 1958 ) was inventor ( with Carl Hermann ) of an international standard notation for crystallographic groups known as the Hermann--
Fadel Shana'a ( 27 March 1984 -- 16 April 2008 ) was a Palestinian journalist working as a cameraman for Reuters .
Percy John Harding ( 15 June 1845 , London -- 1943 ? ) was an English mathematician , noteworthy as an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in 1912 .
John Joseph Lalor ( 1840/1841 to 9 June 1899 ) political scientist .
Primož Kozak ( 11 September 1929 -- 22 December 1981 ) was a Slovenian playwright and essayist .
Harun ibn Khumarawayh ( Arabic : هارون بن خمارويه‎ ; died 30 December 904 ) was the fourth Tulunid ruler of Egypt ( 896 - -904 ) .
Lazarus Seaman ( died 1675 ) , was an English clergyman , supporter in the Westminster Assembly of the Presbyterian party , intruded Master of Peterhouse , Cambridge , and nonconformist minister .
William Fessenden Allen ( 1831 - -1906 ) was an American businessman in the Kingdom of Hawaii and Republic of Hawaii .
Count Jan Wielopolski ( died 1688 ) was a Polish noble ( szlachcic ) .
Ray Huang ( Chinese : 黃仁宇 ; pinyin : Huáng Rényǔ ; 25 June 1918 -- 8 January 2000 ) was a Chinese historian and philosopher .
Almasbei Kchach ( died 17 April 2012 ) was a former government member and vice - presidential candidate from Abkhazia who committed suicide when investigators came to arrest him in connection with an assassination attempt on President Alexander Ankvab .
David A. Nadler ( 1948 - -2015 ) was an American organizational theorist , consultant and business executive , known for his work with Michael L. Tushman on organizational design and organizational architecture .
Butler Ives ( January 31 , 1830 in Berkshire County , Massachusetts -- December 1872 near Vallejo , California ) , son of Butler Ives Sr . and Olive Hall Morse Sheffield , the youngest of ten children ;
James Graham Somerville ( 12 July 1915 -- 21 May 2014 ) was a conservationist , pacifist , economist , and environmentalist
John Ellis Stuttard ( 24 April 1920 -- 1983 ) was an English professional association footballer who played as a full back .
Edden Hammons ( born 28 Feb 1875 Webster County , West Virginia , died 7 September 1955 ) was an American fiddler from West Virginia .
Martha Brookes Hutcheson ( October 2 , 1871 -- 1959 ) was an American landscape architect , lecturer , and author , active in New England , New York , and New Jersey .
Lewis Llewelyn Dillwyn ( 19 May 1814 -- 19 June 1892 ) was a Welsh industrialist and Liberal politician who served as MP for Swansea for 37 years .
Sir Thomas Bernard , 3rd Baronet ( 27 April 1750 -- 1 July 1818 ) was an English social reformer whose father , as governor of the Province of Massachusetts Bay ( 1760 - -1770 ) , played a responsible part in directing the British policy which led to the revolt of the American colonies .
Sylvester Douglas , 1st Baron Glenbervie PC , KC , FRS , FSA ( 24 May 1743 -- 2 May 1823 ) was a British lawyer , politician and diarist .
Francisco Rosa Rivera ( 19 March 1972 -- 16 February 2010 ) was a Puerto Rican bodybuilder .
Ernst Hermann Himmler ( 23 December 1905 in Munich -- 2 May 1945 ) was a German Nazi functionary , engineer and younger brother of Reichsführer - SS Heinrich Himmler .
Andrew Hussey Allen ( 1855 - -1921 ) was an American archivist and author , born in New York City .
Sir Edward Waldegrave ( c. 1516 -- 1 September 1561 ) was an English courtier and Catholic recusant .
Ken Goodland ( 3 August 1940 -- 26 March 1982 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL during the early 1960s .
Henry Cromwell - Williams ( 22 June 1625 -- 3 August 1673 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1673 .
Clare Winger Harris ( January 18 , 1891 -- October 1968 ) was an early science fiction writer whose short stories were published during the 1920s .
Sir John Shaw , 1st Baronet ( c. 1615 - -1680 ) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1679 .
Brahmeshwar Singh ( 1947 - - 1 June 2012 ) also known as Mukhiyaji , was head of the upper - caste Ranvir Sena militia in Bihar , India .
Ruth Guler ( 8 November 1930 -- 10 February 2015 ) was a Swiss skier and hotelier , who ran the Hotel Wynegg in the skiing resort of Klosters , Switzerland .
Jack Edgeley ( 21 March 1887 -- 18 April 1944 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Seathrún Céitinn ( c. 1569 -- c. 1644 ; known in English as Geoffrey Keating ) was a 17th - century historian .
Adolphus Edward Shelley ( 1812 - -1854 ) was an early British colonial official and the first Auditor - General in British Hong Kong .
Roy Royston ( 5 April 1899 -- 7 October 1976 ) , whose original name was Roy Charles Crowden , was an English actor who appeared in a large number of films between 1912 and 1966 , beginning as a child actor .
Sir Thomas Ormsby , 3rd Baronet ( 26 May 1795 in Clogan , Mayo , Ireland -- 9 August 1833 in Cowes , Isle of Wight ) succeeded as 3rd Baronet Ormsby in November 1821 .
Muircheartach Óg Ó Súilleabháin ( c. 1710 - 1754 ) , soldier , smuggler .
Marion Herbert Hoover ( known as M. Herbert Hoover or Herbert Hoover ) ( Born Asheville , Ohio ; died 1952 ) of Akron , Ohio , was an American politician of the Republican party who ran unsuccessfully for a number of elective offices in Ohio .
George W. Dollar ( 1917 - -2006 ) was a prominent preacher , teacher and author in Independent Fundamental Baptist circles .
Ronald Humpston ( 14 December 1924 - 4 January 2012 ) was a former professional footballer , who played for Portsmouth , Huddersfield Town & Headington United .
Francis `` Frank '' Joseph Hardy , ( 21 March 1917 -- 28 January 1994 ) publishing as Frank Hardy was an Australian left - wing novelist and writer best known for his controversial novel Power Without Glory .
Rabbi Avraham Grodzinski was a Haredi Rabbi born in 1883 in Warsaw , Poland and died in 1944 in Kovna , Lithuania .
Rachel Davis Harris ( May 10 , 1869 -- 1969 ) was an American librarian and activist .
Danny Halloran ( 4 July 1954 -- 17 February 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Vilas Sarang ( Devanagari : विलास सारंग ) ( 1942 - 2015 ) is one of the most significant modernist Indian writers , critics and translators to emerge in the post - independence period .
Aristodimos Kaldis ( August 15 , 1899 , in Dikeli , Asia Minor , Turkey -- 1979 ) was an artist and left - wing activist in New York .
Mehmet Cemaleddin Efendi ( 1848 - -1917 ) ( Turkish : Mehmet Cemâlüddin Efendi ) was a senior judge of the Ottoman Empire .
Clifford Morris ( died November 1944 ) , better known as Mighty Destroyer was a Trinidadian calypsonian who won the Calypso King contest in 1941 .
Augustus Frederic Rudolf Hoernlé ( often Hoernle ) , CIE ( 1841 - -1918 ) was a German - British Orientalist .
Thomas William Hogarth ( Kelso , 6 April 1901 -- 26 January 1999 ) was a Scottish , later Australian , veterinarian , writer on dogs , dog judge , dog breeder , genetics enthusiast and veterinary surgeon .
Hale Asaf , originally Salih ( 1905 , Istanbul - 31 May 1938 , Paris ) was a Turkish painter of Georgian and Circassian ancestry .
John Ewart Beswick ( 5 April 1897 -- February 1978 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke .
Hasan Rıza ( 1857 - -1913 ) was an Ottoman painter , soldier , and government official .
Captain Thomas James Young VC ( 1827 -- 20 March 1869 ) was a recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Nils Strandell ( 20 May 1876 - 20 or 28 July 1963 ) was a Swedish philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1922 .
Brian Spillett GC ( 1937 - 16 January 1965 ) was posthumously awarded the George Cross , the highest British ( and Commonwealth ) award for bravery out of combat .
Sir Philip Shelbourne ( born 15 June 1924 -- 15 April 1993 ) was a British lawyer and financier .
Samuel Asare Konadu ( 18 January 1932 -- 1994 ) was a Ghanaian journalist , novelist and publisher , who also wrote under the pseudonym Kwabena Asare Bediako .
George Mealmaker ( 10 February 1768 -- 30 March 1808 ) was a Scottish radical organiser and writer , born in Dundee , Scotland .
Toivo Pohjala ( 1 February 1888 -- 23 August 1969 ) was a Finnish wrestler and harness racing driver .
Howard Harry Rosenbrock ( 16 December 1920 -- 21 October 2010 ) was a leading figure in control theory and control engineering .
Idalia Anreus ( 1932 -- January 3 , 1998 ) was a Cuban actress who worked in both theatre and film .
Augustus Gough - Calthorpe , 6th Baron Calthorpe ( 8 November 1829 -- 22 July 1910 ) was a British agriculturist and philanthropist .
Yevgeniy Ivchenko ( Russian : Евгений Ивченко , Belarusian : Яўген Іўчанка ; 26 June 1938 in Sumy Oblast , Ukrainian SSR -- 2 June 1999 ) was a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 50 km walk .
Robert Parys ( died 1408 ) , of Hildersham , Cambridgeshire , was an English politician .
Charles Robert Barry QC , PC ( 3 January 1823 -- 15 May 1897 ) was an Irish lawyer who rose to become a Lord Justice of Appeal for Ireland .
Kewal Singh ( 1915 - -1991 ) was an Indian diplomat , Foreign Secretary and India 's ambassador to the USSR , Pakistan and USA .
Robert Jankel ( 1 January 1938 -- 25 May 2005 ) was a British designer of limousines , armoured cars and other speciality vehicles .
Peter Hagner ( b. in Philadelphia , Pa. , 1 Oct. , 1772 ; d. in Washington , D. C. , 16 July 1850 ) was a financier and United States civil servant .
Francis Talfourd ( also Frank ) ( 1828 - -1862 ) was an English barrister , known as a dramatist .
Fireman Frederick Davies ( 17 February 1913 -- 23 August 1945 ) of the British National Fire Service was posthumously awarded the George Cross , the highest British ( and Commonwealth ) award for bravery out of combat .
Shardha Ram Phillauri ( 30 September 1837 -- 24 June 1881 ) was a Hindu missionary , social reformer , astrologer , and writer , best remembered for his contributions to Hindi and Punjabi literature .
François Bouffier ( 1844 - -1881 ) was a French non - commissioned officer of the 19th century , a sergeant of the 8th Battalion of infantrymen .
Paul Poulet ( 1887 - -1946 ) was a self - taught Belgian mathematician who made several important contributions to number theory , including the discovery of sociable numbers in 1918 .
Ludwig - Wilhelm Tepper de Ferguson ( Lewis - William Ferguson - Tepper , Tepper von Ferguson , Louis - Guillaume Tepper de Ferguson ; 18 December 1768 , Warsaw -- 12 September 1838 , Paris ) was a Polish--
Patrick Ruthven , 1st Earl of Forth and 1st Earl of Brentford ( c. 1573 -- 2 February 1651 ) was a Scottish nobleman , general , and diplomat .
Henry Dodwell ( October 1641 -- 7 June 1711 ) was an Anglo - Irish scholar , theologian and controversial writer .
Thomas Passhe ( died 1489 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1449 to 1489 .
Hermanus Numan ( 1744 - -9 March 1820 ) was a Dutch painter , draftsman , pastellist , etcher , engraver , watercolorist , set painter , decorator ( interiors ) , art theorist , and publisher .
Marshall Brement ( born 10 January 1932 in New York City - died on 6 April 2009 in Tucson , Arizona ) was a career United States Foreign Service officer , who served as United States Ambassador to Iceland in 1981 - 1985 and after retirement was a professor at the University of Virginia .
Ulpius Limenius ( died 8 April AD 349 ) was a Roman politician who was appointed consul in AD 349 .
Karol Grossmann ( 27 October 1864 -- 3 August 1929 ) was a pioneering film maker in the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Nicholas Lynch ( c. 1590 - 1634 ) , Dominican priest and prior of Galway .
Aagot Nissen ( née Kavli ; 1882 -- 1978 ) was a Norwegian actress .
Ahmed Mejjati ( born in Casablanca in 1936 - 1995 ) was an influential Moroccan avant - garde poet .
Jens Jørgen Thorsen ( 2 February 1932 Holstebro -- 15 November 2000 ) was a Danish artist , director , and jazz musician whose works sometimes created controversy .
Robert M. Wilkinson ( April 11 , 1921 -- September 27 , 2010 ) was a political figure and lobbyist in the San Fernando Valley in California .
James Milnor Coit ( January 31 , 1845 - -1925 ) was an American teacher , born in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
Wilhelm von Krosigk ( 1871 - 1953 ) , was the German commander of the SMS Stettin .
Sara Hammond ( 1672 -- May 1716 ) was a Norwegian landowner and businesswoman .
Basil Hadley ( 1940 in London , England -- 2006 in Stepney , Adelaide ) was an English Australian printmaker and painter .
Emmanuel - Marie Blain de Saint - Aubin ( 30 June 1833 -- 9 July 1883 ) was an educator , song - writer , story - teller , and translator .
Sir Thomas Hanmer , 4th Baronet ( 24 September 1677 -- 7 May 1746 ) was Speaker of the House of Commons from 1714 to 1715 , discharging the duties of the office with conspicuous impartiality .
Samuel Walker ( 1714 - -1761 ) , called Samuel Walker of Truro , was an English evangelical clergyman of the Church of England .
Les Carr ( 22 May 1929 -- 11 May 2012 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Samuel Crompton ( 3 December 1753 -- 26 June 1827 ) was an English inventor and pioneer of the spinning industry .
Manuel da Luz Afonso ( Loulé , 31 January 1917 - 15 October 2000 ) was a Portuguese football manager .
Peter Stokes ( died 1399 ) was an English Carmelite friar , known as an opponent of the teachings of John Wyclif .
Enrica Calabresi ( 10 November 1891 Ferrara -- 20 January 1944 ) was an Italian zoologist , herpetologist , and entomologist .
Niels Wulfsberg ( 29 August 1775 -- 25 June 1852 ) was a Norwegian priest , newspaper editor and publisher .
Khosrow IV was a Sasanian usurper who ruled briefly in 631 .
Zhao Xi ( simplified Chinese : 赵憙 ; traditional Chinese : 趙憙 ; pinyin : Zhào Xǐ ; 4 - 80 CE ) , courtesy name Boyang ( simplified Chinese : 伯阳 ; traditional Chinese : 伯陽 ; pinyin : Bóyáng ) , was a politician who lived in the early Eastern Han Dynasty .
Jens Schou Fabricius ( 3 March 1758 -- 6 April 1841 ) was the Norwegian appointed Minister of the Navy 1817 - -1818 .
Afonso , Prince of Portugal ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐˈfõsu ) ; 18 May 1475 -- 13 July 1491 ) - was the heir apparent to the throne of Portugal .
Otar Koberidze ( Georgian : ოთარ კობერიძე ; 17 December 1924 -- 9 March 2015 ) was a Georgian actor , film director and screenwriter .
John Savile , 3rd Earl of Mexborough ( 3 July 1783 -- 25 December 1860 ) , styled Viscount Pollington until 1830 , was a British peer and Tory politician .
Patri Fidiel ( 1762 - -1824 ) was a Capuchin , author of poems about religious aspects and with a popular traditional versification .
John Ayldon ( 11 December 1943 -- 16 February 2013 ) was an English opera singer and comic actor , best known for his performances in bass - baritone roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
Wing Gillette ( died 8 September 1996 ) was a West Indian cricket umpire .
Fumo Madi ibn Abi Bakr was Sultan of Pate , Kenya ( 1779 - 1809 ) .
Wang Daohan ( Chinese : 汪道涵 ; pinyin : Wāng Dàohán ) , ( 27 March 1915 -- 24 December 2005 ) was the former president of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits ( ARATS ) .
Max Schur ( 26 September 1897 -- 12 October 1969 ) was a physician and friend of Sigmund Freud .
Isaac Wilkinson ( baptised 6 May 1695 - 31 January 1784 ) was an English industrialist , one of the founders of the iron industry and pioneer of the Industrial Revolution .
Mattie Clarke ( 1922 in Dublin -- 6 January 1960 ) was a soccer player from Dublin , Ireland .
Charles Townshend Murdoch ( 27 May 1837 -- 8 July 1898 ) was a banker and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1898 .
William Cochrane , 1st Earl of Dundonald ( 1605 - - November 1685 ) supported the Royalist cause during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms .
Luca Penni ( c.1500/1504 - -1556 ) was an Italian painter of the 16th century best known for his work in France as part of the School of Fontainebleau .
Elizabeth Creed ( née Pickering ; 1642 - -1728 ) was a daughter of Sir Gilbert Pickering , Bart . , cousin to the poet John Dryden , and a second cousin to Samuel Pepys .
Brian G. Hughes ( 1849 - -1924 ) was a US businessman and practical joker .
Fran Ramovš ( 14 September 1890 -- 16 September 1952 ; pen name Julij Dub ) was a Slovenian linguist .
Mrs. Pack ( died 1694 ) was a wet nurse to the child William , Duke of Gloucester ( 1689 - -1700 ) ; she was believed indispensable to the boy 's health , and because of that , came to exercise considerable control over the household of his mother , the future Queen Anne .
Diarmaid mac Madudan , Chief of Síol Anmchadha 1032 - 1069 .
Lady Augusta Gordon ( née FitzClarence ; 17 November 1803 -- 8 December 1865 ) was a British noblewoman .
Alessandro Rolla ( Italian pronunciation : ( alesˈsandro ˈrɔlla ) ; 22 April 1757 -- 15 September 1841 ) was an Italian viola and violin virtuoso , composer , conductor and teacher .
Sebastian Newdigate , O.Cart . , ( 7 September 1500 -- 19 June 1535 ) was the seventh child of John Newdigate , Sergeant - at - law .
Amir Sultan ( 1368 - -1429 ) was Amir Kulal Shamsuddin 's grandson .
Igor Dvornik ( 9 May 1923 , Split - 21 August 2010 , Zagreb ) was a Croatian radiation chemist .
N.L. Peschier ( died after 1661 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Zhou Shidi ( Chinese : 周士第 ; Pinyin : Zhōu Shìdì ; 1900 - -1979 ) was a general of the People 's Liberation Army of China .
Kavi Kunjara Bharati ( 1810 - -1896 ) was a Tamil poet and a composer of Carnatic music .
Adam Marsh ( Adam de Marisco ) ( c. 1200 -- 18 November 1259 ) was an English Franciscan , scholar and theologian .
Mirko Beljan ( 12 October 1899 -- 14 October 1959 ) was an Ustaše officer in the Independent State of Croatia during World War II . He was born in the village of Dobrići , near Tomislavgrad .
Alexandros Vasileiou ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Βασιλείου , 1760 - -1818 ) was a Greek merchant and scholar , one of the representatives of the modern Greek Enlightenment .
Clara Birnberg ( 1894 - -1989 ) was an Anglo - Jewish artist , illustrator , portraitist and sculptor .
Adelaide Caroline Johanne Brun ( known as Ida Brun and later as Ida ( de ) Bombelles ; 20 September 1792 -- 23 November 1857 ) was a Danish singer , dancer , and classical mime artist in the genre known as mimoplastic art or `` attitude '' .
André - Joseph Exaudet ( 1710 - -1762 ) was a French violinist and composer , best known for composing the influential 1751 minuet bearing his name .
Hans Brenaa ( b Copenhagen , 9 October 1910 , d Copenhagen , 14 April 1988 ) was a Danish dancer , teacher , and ballet director .
Lorentz Johannsen ( 14 September 1769 -- 27 April 1837 ) was a Norwegian merchant and member of the Norwegian Parliament .
George Collison ( 1772 - -1847 ) was an English Congregationalist and educator associated with Hackney Academy or Hackney College , which became part of New College London -- itself part of the University of London .
Som Nath Sadhu ( 1935 - 1982 ) was an Indian theatre personality known for his contributions to Kashmiri theatre as an actor , playwright and director .
Llywarch ap Llywelyn ( fl . 1173 - -1220 ) was a medieval Welsh poet .
Najeeb Diab had five daughters and a son , and died in Brooklyn , New York on 11 July 1936 .
Francesco Stelluti ( 12 January 1577 -- November 1652 ) was an Italian polymath who worked in the fields of mathematics , microscopy , literature , and astronomy .
Allan Campbell McLean ( 1922 - - 1989 ) was a British writer and political activist .
Ouyang Xun ( Chinese : 歐陽詢 ; Wade -- Giles : Ou - yang Hsun ) ( 557 - -641 ) , courtesy name Xinben ( 信本 ) , was a Confucian scholar and calligrapher of the early Tang Dynasty .
Abune Paulos ( 3 November 1935 -- 16 August 2012 ) was Patriarch of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church ( 1992 - -2012 ) .
Daniel Casper ( 25 January 1635 , Nimptsch , Niederschlesien -- 28 April 1683 , Breslau , Niederschlesien ) , also spelled Daniel Caspar , and referred to from 1670 as Daniel Casper von Lohenstein , was a Baroque Silesian playwright , lawyer , diplomat , poet , and chief representative of the Second Silesian School .
Henrietta Adler ( 1 December 1868 -- 15 April 1950 ) , known as Nettie Adler , was a Jewish Liberal Party politician who was one of the first women to be elected and to be able to take her seat on the London County Council .
The 3rd Jebtsundamba Khutughtu ( 1758 - 1773 ) , was the third incarnation of the Jebtsundamba Khutuktu , the spiritual heads of the Gelug lineage of Tibetan Buddhism in Mongolia .
Konstantin Sarajev ( Constantine Saradjian ) ( 1877 - -1954 ) was a Soviet Armenian conductor and violinist .
Yosef Serlin ( Hebrew : יוסף סרלין‎ , 24 February 1906 -- 15 January 1974 ) was a Zionist activist , lawyer and Israeli politician .
Marija Petković , also known as `` The Blessed Mary of Jesus Crucified Petković '' ; ( Croatian : Marija od Propetoga Isusa Petković , Italian Maria Di Gesù Crocifisso ) , ( 10 December 1892 - 9 July 1966 ) was the founder of the Catholic Congregation of the Daughters of Mercy .
Luchetto Gattilusio ( fl . 1248 - -1307 ) was a Genoese statesman , diplomat , and man of letters .
Edward Rishton ( 1550 -- 29 June 1585 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest .
Pavel Solomirsky ( Russian : Павел Дмитриевич Соломирский ; 1801 - -1861 ) was a business magnate in the Russian Empire , the member of the wealthy Turchaninov family , which originated from a Turk prisoner Philip Turchaninov .
Prince Michał Jerzy Poniatowski , born Michał Jerzy Poniatowski ( 12 October 1736 -- 12 August 1794 ) was a Polish nobleman .
Arnold Moll ( 5 May 1675 -- 10 February 1729 ) was the Dutch commander of Jaffanapatnam from 1723 to 1725 and acting Governor of Ceylon from 21 June 1723 to 12 January 1724 .
Agnes Waterhouse ( c. 1503 - 29 July 1566 ) , also known as Mother Waterhouse , was the first woman executed for witchcraft in England .
Alfred Weidler ( né Alfred Wilhelm Carl Weidler 27 May 1886 Georgsmarienhütte , Germany -- 16 June 1966 Los Angeles ) was an architect who , after moving from Germany to Los Angeles in 1923 , went on to became a prolific model builder for 40 years with 20th Century Fox .
Dame Mary V. Austin ( née Hall - Thompson ; 29 July 1900 -- 10 September 1986 ) was an Australian community worker and political activist .
John Poynder ( 1779 - -1849 ) was an English lawyer and theological writer , best known for his Literary Extracts and as a proponent of Christian missions in India
Alan Hellary ( 29 August 1923 -- 28 August 1992 ) was a British pilot who co - founded British Atlantic Airways , which would later become Virgin Atlantic Airways .
Joseph Harb ( 1940 -- 9 February 2014 ) was a Lebanese poet and writer .
Joan Kerr ( 1938 - 2004 ) was an Australian academic and cultural preservationist .
Captain Henry Ross ( 1829 -- 5 December 1854 ) was a Canadian gold miner at Ballarat , Victoria , Australia , and was known on the goldfields as the ' bridegroom ' of the miners flag , the Southern Cross , the Eureka Flag .
General John Campbell , 4th Earl of Loudoun ( 5 May 1705 -- 27 April 1782 ) was a British nobleman and army officer .
John Rodker ( 18 December 1894 -- 6 October 1955 ) was a British writer , modernist poet , and publisher of modernist writers .
Hulü Guang ( 斛律光 ) ( 515 - -572 ) , courtesy name Mingyue ( 明月 ) , was a general of the Chinese dynasty Northern Qi .
Kathleen Eaton Cannell ( usually known as Kitty Cannell ) ( 1891 -- 1974 ) was a Paris - based American dance and fashion correspondent for major U.S. papers and periodicals .
Sir John Bussy ( died 29 July 1399 ) of Hougham in Lincolnshire was a Member of Parliament representing Lincolnshire or Rutland eleven times from 1383 to 1398 as a Knight of the Shire .
Hermann Schridde ( 3 July 1937 in Celle - 18 May 1985 in Meißendorf near Winsen ) was a German equestrian .
Thøger Birkeland ( 20 March 1922 -- 6 April 2011 ) was a Danish teacher and writer mostly known for his children 's books .
Allen Hill ( 14 November 1843 , Kirkheaton , Huddersfield , Yorkshire -- 28 August 1910 , Leyland , Lancashire ) played in the first - ever cricket Test , taking the first wicket .
Sir Henry Strachey , 1st Baronet ( 23 May 1736 -- 3 January 1810 ) was a British civil servant and politician .
Walter Harrison Cady ( 1877 - -1970 ) was an American illustrator and author , best known for his Peter Rabbit comic strip which he wrote and drew for 28 years .
James Hinton ( baptized 26 November 1822 -- died 16 December 1875 ) was an English surgeon and author .
Norman J. Hunt ( died 1984 ) was a composer , conductor , arranger , and performer in the big band era , covering a wide range of musical styles including classical music , jazz , and was a featured soloist on many recordings and performances globally .
Karmabai ( 20 January 1615 -- 1634 ) was a Jat known as- Bhakt Shiromani Karmabai .
Balthasar de Beaujoyeulx ( also Balthasar de Beaujoyeux ) , originally Baldassare de Belgiojoso ( d. ca . 1587 , Paris ) was an Italian violinist , composer , and choreographer .
E. Imre Friedmann ( 1921 -- June 11 , 2007 ) was a biologist , Robert O. Lawton Distinguished Professor of Biology at Florida State University and the NASA Ames Research Center , and Director , Polar Desert Research Center .
Scot Young ( 1962 -- 2014 ) was a Scottish property tycoon .
Kang Dae - ha ( April 12 , 1942 -- 1995 ) was a South Korean screenwriter , producer , film and art director and poet .
Sir Thomas Nicholas Redington KCB ( 2 October 1815 -- 11 October 1862 ) was an Irish administrator , politician and civil servant .
Paluzzo Paluzzi Altieri degli Albertoni ( 8 June 1623 -- 29 June 1698 ) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and Cardinal - Nephew to Pope Clement X.
Franjo Majetić ( 26 February 1923 -- 29 November 1991 ) was a Croatian actor noted for his comedic roles .
Nathaniel Pilch ( born 4 September 1793 in Brisley , Norfolk ; died 1881 in Erpingham , Norfolk ) was an English first - class cricketer associated with Norfolk who was active from 1820 to 1836 .
Muhammad ibn Ahmed ibn Muhammad ' Illish ( 1802 - 1882 CE ) ( 1217 - 1299 AH ) ( Arabic : محمد بن أحمد عليش‎ ) , more commonly referred to in Muslim works simply as ' Illish or Sheikh ' Illish , was a 19th - century CE Egyptian Muslim jurist from Tripolitanian origin .
Zhuge Shuang ( 諸葛爽 ) ( d. 886 ) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , who controlled Heyang Circuit ( 河陽 , headquartered in modern Jiaozuo , Henan ) for some time and who vacillated between allegiance to Tang and to the Qi state of the agrarian rebel Huang Chao .
Kirsten Heiberg ( 25 April 1907 -- 2 March 1976 ) was a Norwegian actress and singer who had a major film career in Germany between 1938 and 1954 .
George Bornoff ( 5 November 1907 -- 1998 ) was a Canadian violinist and string teacher .
Sun Tongxuan ( 孙桐萱 ; Sun Tung - hsuan ; 1895 - -1978 ) was a Kuomintang general .
Jack Horrigan ( December 30 , 1925 -- June 2 , 1973 ) was a sportswriter for the Buffalo Evening News and American Football League ( AFL ) Public Relations Director who went on to serve in public relations for the Buffalo Bills .
Sir Tannatt William Edgeworth David , KBE , CMG , DSO , FRS , ( 28 January 1858 -- 28 August 1934 ) , professionally known as Edgeworth David , was a Welsh Australian geologist and Antarctic explorer .
Mordechai Efraim Fischel Sofer - Zussman ( 1867 - -1942 ) was a prominent rabbi who served in various communities before becoming the head if the Yere'im Community and chief rabbi of Budapest , Hungary in 1914 .
Abdul Latif Chowdhury ( Bengali : আব্দুল লতিফ চৌধুরী ; 25 May 1913 -- 16 January 2008 ) , widely known as Saheb Qiblah Fultali , was a Bangladeshi Islamic scholar of theology , philosophy , murshid , spiritual esotericist , and spiritual leader .
Robert Younger , Baron Blanesburgh GBE PC QC ( 12 September 1861 -- 17 August 1946 ) was a Scottish barrister and judge .
Krushnaji Prabhakar Khadilkar ( Devanagari : कृष्णाजी प्रभाकर खाडिलकर ) ( 1872 - -1948 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Samuel Wesley ( 24 February 1766 -- 11 October 1837 ) was an English organist and composer in the late Georgian period .
Lady Katherine Sophia Kane ( née Baily ; 11 March 1811 -- 25 February 1886 ) was an Irish botanist , best known for her book on Irish flowering plants The Irish Flora ( 1833 ) .
Field Marshal John Campbell , 5th Duke of Argyll ( June 1723 -- 24 May 1806 ) , styled Marquess of Lorne from 1761 to 1770 , was a Scottish soldier and nobleman .
Frederick Leypoldt ( 17 November 1835 , in Stuttgart , Germany -- 31 March 1884 , in New York City ) was a bibliographer , the founder of Library Journal , Publisher 's Weekly , Index Medicus and other publications .
John Trundle ( 1575 - 1629 ) was a London publisher and bookseller .
Sir Denis Follows , CBE ( 13 April 1908 -- 17 September 1983 ) was a British sports administrator .
Giacomo Orefice ( 27 August 1865 -- 22 December 1922 ) was an Italian composer .
Neokosmos Grigoriadis ( Greek : Νεόκοσμος Γρηγοριάδης , 1879 - -1967 ) was a Greek Army general , notable for his involvement in the Greek Resistance during World War II as a leading member of the left - wing National Liberation Front ( EAM ) .
Lloyd Powell ( 22 August 1888 -- 25 March 1975 ) was an English , later Canadian pianist and teacher .
Pope Gregory X ( Latin : Gregorius X ; c. 1210 -- 10 January 1276 ) , born Teobaldo Visconti , was Pope from 1 September 1271 to his death in 1276 and was a member of the Secular Franciscan Order .
Frankie Walsh ( 1936 -- 28 December 2012 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing - forward for the Waterford senior team .
Ganapati Chakraborty ( Bengali : গণপতি চক্রবর্তী ) ( 1858 - 20 November 1939 ) was an magician from Kolkata known for his mesmerizing tricks .
Alfred Cellier ( 1 December 1844 -- 28 December 1891 ) was an English composer , orchestrator and conductor .
Marshall Ho'o ( 1910 - 1993 ) was an American practitioner of t'ai chi ch'uan .
Ernest George Harcourt Williams ( 30 March 1880 -- 13 December 1957 ) was an English actor and director .
Guy Stewart Callendar ( February 1897 - October 1964 ) was an English steam engineer and inventor .
James Rewcastle ( c.1802 - -1867 ) was the first secretary of the Newcastle Temperance movement , and a songwriter born in the Newcastle area .
Herbert B. Fredersdorf ( 2 October 1899 -- 21 July 1971 ) was a German film editor , screenwriter and film director .
Rothad of Soissons ( died 869 ) was Bishop of Soissons .
Joseph Barret ( 1665 - -1699 ) was an English businessman and theological writer .
Zoltán Kemény ( 21 March 1907 - 14 June 1965 ) was a sculptor .
John McNeil Eddings ( born 1830 , died 1896 ) was the military storekeeper at Fort Vancouver , and a prominent civic leader of Clark County in what was then the Washington Territory .
Nehemiah Guthridge ( c.1808 - 27 June 1878 ) , was an Irish - born Melbourne ironmonger , a city councillor in Melbourne , a parliamentarian representing the Central Province ( November 1856 to August 1858 ) in the Legislative Council , a prominent Wesleyan and the first mayor of Sale in 1863 .
S. Kalitheerthan ( died January 2011 ) was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu .
Jay Robert McColl ( March 24 , 1867 - 1936 ) was the dean of Engineering for University of Detroit starting in 1911 .
Julius Braun ( 16 July 1825 , Karlsruhe -- 1869 , Munich ) was a German historian , with an interest in art , culture and religion .
Elizabeth Moody ( 1737 Kingston upon Thames - 1814 ) was a British poet , and literary critic .
Peter Coupar ( 17 October 1866 -- 6 July 1944 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dundee and Stoke .
Pushpa Sundar Tuladhar ( 1885 - 1935 ) was a prominent merchant of Kathmandu and one of the chief donors to the restoration of the Swayambhu stupa in 1918 .
Elva Nampeyo ( 1926 - -1985 ) ( also known as Elva Tewaguna ) was an American studio potter .
Helena Argyre or Argyropoulaina ( Greek : Ἑλένη Ἀργυρή/Ἀργυροπούλαινα , Georgian : ელენე , elene ) ( died c. 1033 ) was a Byzantine noblewoman of the Argyros family and Queen Consort of Georgia as the first wife of King Bagrat IV of the Bagratids .
Begum Om Habibeh Aga Khan ( 15 February 1906 -- 1 July 2000 ) was the fourth and last wife of Sir Sultan Muhammad Shah , Aga Khan III . The couple married thirteen months after the Aga Khan III and his third wife were divorced by mutual consent .
Manaji Rao Gaekwad ( before April 1751 -- 27 July 1793 ) was the Maharaja of Baroda ( r.1789 - -1793 ) .
David Kantilla ( traditional name Amparralamtua 1938 or 1940 - -1978 ) was an Australian rules footballer who is recognised as the first Indigenous Australian to play in the South Australian National Football League and the first Tiwi Islander to successfully play in a southern football league .
Jiří Grossmann ( 20 July 1941 -- 5 December 1971 ) was a Czechoslovak theatre actor , poet , and composer .
Hubert Henry Davies ( 17 March 1869 -- 17 August 1917 ) was a leading British playwright and dramatist of the early twentieth century , following in the tradition of Arthur Wing Pinero and Henry Arthur Jones , but influenced profoundly by Thomas William Robertson .
Augustus Henry Keane ( 1833 - -1912 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic journalist and linguist , known for his ethnological writings .
Hugh McCartney ( 3 January 1920 -- 28 February 2006 ) was a Scottish Labour politician .
Ngô Đức Kế ( 1878 - -1929 ) was a prominent scholar - gentry Vietnamese anti - colonial intellectual in the early 20th century .
Leonard Mociulschi ( Romanian pronunciation : ( le.oˈnard moˈt͡ʃjul.ski ) ) ( 27 March 1889 , Siminicea , Botoşani County in northern Moldavia - 15 April 1979 , Braşov ) was a Romanian Major General during World War II .
Dame Joan Bartlett , S.S.I. , O.B.E. , D.S.G. , ( 1 August 1911 , Lancashire -- 9 September 2002 ) was a prominent British convert to the Roman Catholic Church and the foundress of the Servite Secular Institute .
John Lethbridge ( 1675 - -1759 ) invented the first underwater diving machine in 1715 .
Michael Abercrombie FRS ( 14 August 1912 -- 28 May 1979 ) was a British cell biologist and embryologist .
Samuel Antek ( 1909 - -1958 ) was a violinist in the NBC Symphony Orchestra under conductor Arturo Toscanini .
George Hazlett ( 10 March 1923 -- 21 December 2012 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as an outside right in the Football League .
Henry Dornan ( 14 February 1916 - 4 December 1990 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Kilmarnock and made ' guest ' appearances during the Second World War for Dumbarton and Celtic .
Welf VII ( c. 1135 -- 11 or 12 September 1167 ) was the only son of Welf VI , Duke of Spoleto and Margrave of Tuscany , and Uta , daughter of Godfrey of Calw , count palatine of the Rhine .
Louis Morizot ( 1874 - -1957 ) was an influential French bow maker of great reputation .
DJ Subroc ( August 3 , 1973 -- April 23 , 1993 ) was an English - born American hip hop artist and a member of KMD and Constipated Monkey .
Robert de Eglesfield ( c.1295 - 1349 ) , 1341 founder of The Queen 's College , Oxford , and a chaplain of Queen Philippa of Hainault in whose honour he named the college .
Jan Ruhtenberg ( a.k.a . Alexander Gustaf Jan Ruhtenberg or Alexander Gustav Jan Ruhtenberg , born Alexander Gustaf Rutencrantz von Ruhtenberg , 28 February 1896 -- died , December 1975 ) was an architect who `` made significant contributions in introducing modern architecture to the United States as a teacher and a modern architect '' .
Alfred Arthur Greenwood Hales ( 21 July 1860 -- 29 December 1936 ) was an Australian novelist and war correspondent .
Sir Walter Farquhar , 1st Baronet ( October 1738 -- 30 March 1819 ) was a prominent Scottish physician of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century , whose clientele included many of the leading figures of the day , including the Prince of Wales ( later King George IV ) and the Prime Minister William Pitt .
William Attersoll ( died 1640 ) , was an English puritan divine and author .
Cecil Raleigh ( 27 January 1856 -- 10 November 1914 , London , England ) was an English actor and playwright .
Willie Edouin ( 1 January 1846 -- 14 April 1908 ) was an English comedian , actor , dancer , singer , writer , director and theatre manager .
Bekim Fehmiu ( 1 June 1936 -- 15 June 2010 ) was a Yugoslavian theater and film actor of Albanian ethnicity .
Hatibzade Yahya Pasha ( known by contemporaries as just Yahya Pasha ; died August 1755 ) was an Ottoman statesman and admiral .
Barend Bonneveld ( 27 November 1887 -- 9 February 1978 ) was a Dutch heavyweight wrestler .
Samuel Claridge ( December 5 , 1828 -- September 11 , 1919 ) was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) who was a prominent early settler of the Muddy River Valley in Nevada and Thatcher , Arizona .
Venmani S. Selvanather ( 6 July 1913 -- 14 October 1993 ) was the Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Pondicherry and Cuddalore from 1973 - 1992 succeeding Ambrose Rayappan .
Israel Eldad ( Hebrew : ישראל אלדד ) ( 11 November 1910 -- 22 January 1996 ) , was an Israeli Revisionist Zionist philosopher and member of the pre - state underground group Lehi .
Everard des Barres ( also Eberhard von Barres or Eberhard De Bären ) ( died 1174 ) was the third Grand Master of the Knights Templar from 1147 to 1151 .
Lloyd Hunter ( May 4 , 1910-month and date unknown , 1961 ) was an African - American trumpeter and big band leader from North Omaha , Nebraska .
Flann Ó Tighearnaigh ( IPA:(ˈfˠl̪ˠaːn̪ˠoːˈtʲɪjəɾˠn̪ˠiː ) ) , Gaelic - Irish Lord , died 1273 .
Percy Weston ( 27 March 1852 -- 30 June 1905 ) was an English amateur athlete who played for England in two of the unofficial football matches against Scotland in 1871 and 1872 .
Larry L'Estrange MBE ( 12 November 1934 -- 29 March 2007 ) was a British soldier and London Irish rugby player .
Baruch Epstein or Baruch ha - Levi Epstein ( 1860 - -1941 ) ( Hebrew : ברוך הלוי אפשטיין ) was a Lithuanian rabbi , best known for his Torah Temimah commentary on the Torah .
Kirkman Finlay ( April 1773 -- 4 March 1842 ) was one of the leading merchants in Glasgow , Scotland .
Vincenzo Jannacci ( 3 June 1935 -- 29 March 2013 ) , more commonly known as Enzo Jannacci ( Italian pronunciation : ( ( vintʃ)ˈɛntso janˈnattʃi ) ) , was an Italian singer - songwriter , actor and stand - up comedian .
Aquila Nebeker ( 1859 - -1933 ) was the president of the Utah Senate during its second term .
Sir Brooke Boothby , 6th Baronet ( 3 June 1744 -- 23 January 1824 ) was a linguist , translator , poet and landowner , based in Derbyshire , England .
Princess Deokhye of Korea ( 25 May 1912 -- 21 April 1989 ) was the last princess of Korea .
Geoffrey Barkas ( born Geoffrey de Gruchy Barkas , 27 August 1896 -- 3 September 1979 ) was an English film maker active between the world wars .
Maharaja Hari Singh Dhillon ( died 1764 ) , was a Dhillon Jat , founder of Bhangi Misl was one of the most powerful , admired and famous of all the royal Sikh warriors of the 18th century .
Lee Sun - Fung ( born 10 April 1909 in Guangdong , China , died 21 May 1985 ) was a Chinese film director , writer and actor .
Jack Sirocco ( 1882 - 1954 ) was a New York gangster involved in labor racketeering and strikebreaking .
Hermann Ludwig von Balan ( born 7 March 1812 in Berlin , died 16 March 1874 in Brussels ) was a German diplomat who served as acting Foreign Secretary and head of the Foreign Office from 1872 to 1873 .
Prince Eugen of Bavaria ( German : Eugen Leopold Adelaide Thomas Maria Prinz von Bayern ) ( 16 July 1925 -- 1 January 1997 ) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach .
Henry Cadogan Rothery ( 1817 -- 2 August 1888 ) was an English lawyer and commissioner of wrecks ( now known as the Receiver of Wreck ) , especially remembered for chairing the inquiry into the Tay Bridge disaster in 1879 .
Antonio Manganelli ( 8 December 1950 -- 20 March 2013 ) was an Italian police chief , and head of Polizia di Stato from June , 2007 , when he replaced Gianni De Gennaro .
Richard Hageman ( 9 July 1881 -- 6 March 1966 ) was a Dutch - born American conductor , pianist , composer , and actor .
William Harris Lloyd Roberts ( 31 October 1884 -- 28 June 1966 ) was a Canadian writer , poet , and playwright .
Richard Dawson ( born Colin Lionel Emm ; 20 November 1932 -- 2 June 2012 ) was a British - American actor and comedian , and a game show host and panelist in the United States .
Alexander Kerst ( 23 February 1924 -- 9 December 2010 ) was an Austrian television actor .
Sir Alexander Bannerman ( 7 October 1788 -- 30 December 1864 ) was a British merchant , vintner , politician and colonial governor .
Lee Ki - poong ( 20 December 1896 - 28 April 1960 ) was a South Korean politician and Vice President .
Ernest Collins ( 1851 -- 20 April 1914 ) was a British water supply engineer .
Robert Munford III ( 1737 - 1783 ) was an American playwright , civic leader and soldier , having served under Colonel George Washington in the French and Indian War and later serving in the Revolutionary War .
Nicholas de Balscote ( died 1320 ) was an English - born official and judge in fourteenth - century Ireland : he achieved high office , but his career was ruined by a quarrel with King Edward II .
Śīlabhadra ( Sanskrit ; traditional Chinese : 戒賢 ; pinyin : Jièxián ) ( 529 - -645 ) was a Buddhist monk and philosopher .
Frederick II , Duke of Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg ( 28 July 1676 , in Gotha -- 23 March 1732 , in Altenburg ) , was a duke of Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg .
Richard Arthur ( 25 October 1865 -- 21 May 1932 ) was an Australian politician , social reformer and medical practitioner .
Mahmud Mahmud ( Persian : محمود محمود‎‎ ; 1881 - -1965 ) was an Iranian politician and historian .
Martin McQuade ( 19 October 1894 -- 6 February 1957 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Laurence Harvey ( born Laruschka Mischa Skikne ; 1 October 1928 -- 25 November 1973 ) was a Lithuanian - born South African actor .
Cleph ( also Clef , Clepho , or Kleph ) was king of the Lombards from 572 to 574 .
Francisco de Mora ( c.1553 - -1610 ) was a Spanish Renaissance architect .
Margaret Russell , Baroness Ampthill , GCVO , CI , GBE , DStJ ( 8 October 1874 -- 12 December 1957 ) was the daughter of the 6th Earl Beauchamp .
Albert Titley ( 18 November 1918 -- 17 September 1986 ) was an English footballer who played for West Bromwich Albion , Port Vale , and Macclesfield Town in the 1930s .
Matteo de ' Medici ( 9 May 1613 -- 14 October 1667 ) was the brother of Ferdinand II , Grand Duke of Tuscany .
Pandit Puttaraj Gawai ( Kannada : ಪುಟ್ಟರಾಜ ಗವಾಯಿ ) ( 3 March 1914 -- 17 September 2010 ) was an Indian musician in the Hindustani classical tradition , a scholar who authored more than 80 books in Kannada , Sanskrit and Hindi , a music teacher and a social servant .
Sir Thomas Thwaites or Thwaytes ( c.1435 - -1503 ) was an English civil servant , who was involved in the Perkin Warbeck conspiracy .
Heinz Fenchel ( 1906 - -1988 ) was a German art director , who designed the sets for a number of films in Weimar Germany and Czechoslovakia .
Karen Horney ( /ˈhɔrnaɪ/ ; born Danielsen , 16 September 1885 -- 4 December 1952 ) was a German psychoanalyst who practiced in the United States during her later career .
Shalom Shachna ( died 1558 ) was a rabbi and Talmudist , and Rosh yeshiva of several great Acharonim including Moses Isserles , who was also his son - in - law .
Lew Bloom ( August 8 , 1859 -- December 12 , 1929 ) was an American vaudeville performer and stage actor who popularized the comical tramp character .
Jonče Hristovski ( Macedonian : Јонче Христовски ) ; ( Bitola , 1931 - Skopje , 5 April 2000 ) was a Macedonian singer and composer of folk music .
Radu Gioan Bey ( 1613 Iaşi -- 1660 ) , was a Prince of Moldavia .
Barnaba Tortolini ( 19 November 1808 -- 24 August 1874 ) was a 19th - century Italian priest and mathematician who played an early active role in advancing the scientific unification of the Italian states .
Joseph Bartlett Eastman ( June 26 , 1882 -- 1944 ) was a member of the Interstate Commerce Commission from 1919 until his death in 1944 .
Chinua Achebe ( /ˈtʃɪnwɑː əˈtʃɛbɛ/ , born Albert Chinualumogu Achebe ; 16 November 1930 -- 21 March 2013 ) was a Nigerian novelist , poet , professor , and critic .
Johannes Fedé ( also Jean Sohier ) ( c. 1415 -- 1477 ? ) was a French composer of the early Renaissance .
Reid Miles ( 4 July 1927 -- 2 February 1993 ) was an American graphic designer and photographer best known for his iconic work for Blue Note Records in the 1950s and ' 60s .
Étienne Lucier ( June 9 , 1786 -- March 8 , 1853 ) was a fur trader in the Pacific Northwest .
Wei Gao ( 韋皋 ) ( 745 -- September 13 , 805 ) , courtesy name Chengwu ( 城武 ) , formally Prince Zhongwu of Nankang ( 南康忠武王 ) , was a general of the Tang dynasty of China .
Dinanath Mishra ( or Dina Nath Mishra , 1937 - 2013 ) was an Indian journalist and writer belonging to the Hindu nationalist movement .
Bruno II of Isenburg - Braunsberg was the Count of Isenburg - Braunsberg from 1210 until 1255 .
Arthur Cleghorn ( 1 December 1873 -- 7 May 1951 ) was an Australian rules football player at the Essendon Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Bartholomaeus of Bruges ( Barthélemy de Bruges ) ( died 1356 ) was a Flemish physician and natural philosopher .
Ndugu M’Hali or Kalulu ( ca . 1865 -- 28 March 1877 ) was an African personal servant and adopted child of the explorer and journalist Henry Morton Stanley .
John Stratford , 1st Earl of Aldborough ( c. 1691 -- 29 May 1777 ) was an Irish peer and politician .
Avraham Kalfon ( Hebrew : אברהם כלפון‎ , born 16 December 1900 , died 4 July 1983 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai between 1952 and 1955 .
Dracula Unleashed is a 1993 video game created by ICOM Simulations and published by Viacom for the Sega CD , Apple Macintosh and DOS platforms .
MechWarrior Online is a free - to - play vehicular combat video game , officially launched during September 2013 by Piranha Games for Microsoft Windows .
DJ Boy ( DJボーイ ) is a 1989 beat 'em up arcade game developed by Kaneko .
Underscore.js was created by Jeremy Ashkenas , who is also known for Backbone.js and CoffeeScript .
The Battle - Road is a vertical scrolling shooter racing arcade game released by Irem in 1984 .
Cosmic Chasm was a color vector arcade game created for the arcades by Cinematronics in 1983 , but was originally a game created by GCE for the Vectrex home game system .
Windows Embedded Compact , formerly Windows Embedded CE and Windows CE , is an operating system subfamily developed by Microsoft as part of its Windows Embedded family of products .
Football Glory ( Fußball Total ! in German - speaking countries ) is a 1994 football video game developed by Croteam and published by Black Legend that became famous due to the many similarities with Sensible Software 's Sensible Soccer .
Ninja Baseball Bat Man , known in Japan as Yakyū Kakutō League Man ( 野球格闘リーグマン Yakyū Kakutō Rīgu Man , `` Baseball Hand - to - Hand Fighting League Man '' ) , is a 1993 beat 'em up developed and published by Irem Corporation in association with its North American division Irem America exclusively as an arcade game .
Star Warrior is a 1980 science fiction role - playing video game written and published by Automated Simulations ( later known as Epyx ) for the Apple II , TRS-80 , and Atari home computers .
The Watermelon is an independent feature film penned by Michael Hemmingson and directed by Brad Mays .
Lovers and Lollipops is a 1956 film directed and written by Morris Engel and Ruth Orkin .
The Singer Not the Song is a 1961 British drama film based on the 1953 novel by Audrey Erskine - Lindop that was directed by Roy Ward Baker and filmed in Spain .
Fraud Saiyyan ( English : Fraud Husband ) is an upcoming Indian 2015 Bollywood Comedy film directed by Sourabh Shrivastava and produced by Prakash Jha , Disha Jha and Kanisk Gangwal .
The Aroma of Tea is a 2006 Dutch animated short film made by Michaël Dudok de Wit .
The Dog and the Diamonds is a 1953 British family drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Kathleen Harrison , George Coulouris , and Geoffrey Sumner .
Mum 's Guest ( Persian : مهمان مامان‎‎ , translit . Mehman - e Maman ) is a 2004 Iranian family comedy film directed by Dariush Mehrjui .
The Pagan Queen is a 2009 historical drama film directed by German director Constantin Werner .
I 'll Be Right Over ( Czech : Přijdu hned ) is a 1942 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Otakar Vávra .
My American Uncle ( French : Mon oncle d'Amérique ) is a 1980 French film directed by Alain Resnais .
Touchdown , Army is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Lloyd Corrigan and Erwin S. Gelsey .
That Forward Center Died at Dawn ( Spanish : El centroforward murió al amanecer ) is a 1961 Argentine drama film directed by René Mugica .
Silent Sunila ( Kannada : ಸೈಲೆಂಟ್ ಸುನೀಲ ) is an upcoming Indian Kannada language film based on the non - fiction book Thottikkutale Ide Nettaru written by Agni Shridhar , and directed by Duniya Soori .
Baby Face Morgan is a 1942 American comedy of errors crime film directed by Arthur Dreifuss .
Meet Me in Montenegro is a romantic comedy film written and directed by Alex Holdridge and Linnea Saasen .
Aux yeux de tous is a 2012 French thriller film written by Audrey Diwan and Arnaud Duprey and directed by Cédric Jimenez .
Boo , Zino & the Snurks ( also known as Back to Gaya ) is a 2004 German - Spanish CGI animated film directed by Lenard Fritz Krawinkel and Holger Tappe .
A Morte Comanda o Cangaço is a 1960 Brazilian Western action film directed by Carlos Coimbra and Walter Guimarães Motta .
To Save the City ( Polish : Ocalić miasto ) is a 1976 Polish drama film directed by Jan Łomnicki .
Rottenknechte is a 1971 East German five part television film directed by Frank Beyer .
Steam Above a Pot ( Czech : Pára nad hrncem ) is a 1950 Czechoslovak comedy film , directed by Miroslav Cikán .
Chilbeontong sosageon ( Incident of the 7th Bamboo Flute ) is a 1936 Korean film directed by and starring Na Woon - gyu .
Man and Beast ( German : Mensch und Bestie , Serbian : Čovek i zver ) is a 1963 CCC Film German - Yugoslavian war film directed by Edwin Zbonek .
Ajantrik ( known internationally as The Unmechanical , The Mechanical Man or The Pathetic Fallacy ) is a 1958 Indian Bengali film written and directed by parallel filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak .
Big Man on Campus ( also known as The Hunchback of UCLA and The Hunchback Hairball of L.A. in the United Kingdom ) is a 1989 comedy film directed by Jeremy Kagan .
A Warning ( Výstraha ) is a 1953 Czechoslovak drama film , directed by Miroslav Cikán .
Nishijapon ( Bengali : নিশিযাপন , After the Night ... Dawn ) ( 2005 ) is a Bengali film directed by Sandip Ray , based on a novel of the same name by Narayan Gangopadhyay .
Battle of the Bone is an 2008 Irish independent zombie film written and directed by George Clarke , and is claimed as Northern Ireland 's `` first ever '' kung - fu zombie movie .
Udaykal ( Thunder Of The Hills ) is a 1930 historical silent film co - directed by V. Shantaram and Keshavrao Dhaiber .
Eclipse of Reason is a 1987 pro - life documentary video directed , filmed , and narrated by Bernard Nathanson , with an introduction by Charlton Heston .
A Place for Lovers ( French : Le Temps des amants , Italian : Amanti ) is a 1968 French - Italian romantic drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica and based on the play Gli Amanti by Brunello Rondi and Renaldo Cabieri .
The Busy Little Engine is a 2005 children 's DVD written and directed by Desmond Mullen .
Neon City ( also known as Anno 2053 in Italy , Neonski Grad in Serbia ) is a 1991 Canadian post - apocalyptic science fiction film directed by Monte Markham and written by Jeff Begun and Ann Lewis Hamilton , under the pseudonym Buck Finch .
Tuset Street is a 1968 Spanish musical film directed by Jorge Grau and Luis Marquina and starring Sara Montiel , Patrick Bauchau and Teresa Gimpera .
Animals United ( German : Konferenz der Tiere ) is a 2010 German 3D computer animated comedy adventure film directed and produced by Reinhard Klooss and Holger Tappe .
Daughters of Destiny ( UK title : Love , Soldiers and Women , French title : Destinées and Italian title : Destini di donne ) is a 1954 Franco - Italian co - production motion picture comedy drama directed by Marcello Pagliero , Jean Delannoy and Christian - Jaque .
Feathers in the Wind ( Hangul : 깃 ; RR : Git ) is a 2004 South Korean film directed by Song Il - gon .
Deergha Sumangali ( Kannada : ದೀರ್ಘ ಸುಮಂಗಲಿ ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada film , directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by D. R. Umashankari and R. Venkata Raju .
Hey Rube ! is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz .
Badou Boy is a 1970 Senegalese short film , directed by Djibril Diop Mambéty .
3 Dots is a 2013 Malayalam musical drama film directed by Sugeeth .
Forgotten Bird of Paradise is a 2009 multi - award winning documentary film directed by British filmmaker Dominic Brown , about the struggle for independence being fought in the Indonesian region of West Papua .
En el nombre del hijo ( In the Name of the Son ) is a 1987 Argentine movie written and directed by Jorge Polaco .
Mis cinco hijos is a 1948 Argentine film , direceted by Orestes Caviglia and Bernardo Spoliansky and written by Nathán Pinzón and Ricardo Setaro .
Welcome to Arrow Beach is a 1974 film starring and directed by Laurence Harvey .
Siin me oleme ! ( Estonian ; English : Here we are ! ) is an Estonian movie of 1979 , written and directed by Sulev Nõmmik .
Trail of the Vigilantes is a 1940 75-minute black - and - white Western comedy directed by Allan Dwan , written by Harold Shumate , and featuring Franchot Tone , Warren William , Broderick Crawford and Andy Devine .
Lapin kullan kimallus ( Finnish for The glitter of Lappish gold ) is a 1999 Finnish movie , directed by Åke Lindman .
Hunting of Fools ( Hangul : 바보사냥 ; RR : Babo sanyang ) is a 1984 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki - young .
Town Tamer is a 1965 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Frank Gruber .
Naayika ( Malayalam : നായിക , English : Heroine ) is a 2011 Malayalam drama film directed by Jayaraj .
Grete Minde is a 1977 Austrian - German drama film based on the novel by Theodor Fontane and directed by Heidi Genée .
Social Briars is a 1918 American silent comedy - drama film distributed by Mutual Film and directed by Henry King .
Giro City is a 1982 British drama film written and directed by Karl Francis and starring Glenda Jackson , Jon Finch and Kenneth Colley .
Discovered by Alex Gordon as an unproduced screenplay by Hollywood writer Frank Quattrocchi , The Projected Man was directed by Ian Curteis ; it would be the first theatrical film that he would direct .
The Reckless Hour is a 1931 Pre - Code film directed by John Francis Dillon and produced and distributed by First National Pictures .
Jari Bidda Jana ( Kannada : ಜಾರಿ ಬಿದ್ದ ಜಾಣ ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada film , directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by J. Chandulal Jain , B. Deepak Chand , Naveenchand Shah and A. Krishnamurthy .
4 Minute Mile is a 2014 film directed by Charles - Olivier Michaud , and written by Josh Campbell and Jeff Van Wie .
Hercules and the Princess of Troy is a 1965 Italian fantasy film adventure directed by Albert Band .
The Indians Are Still Far Away ( French : Les Indiens sont encore loin ) is a 1977 Swiss drama film directed by Patricia Moraz .
A Girl Named Tamiko ( 1962 ) is a drama film directed by John Sturges , filmed in Technicolor and Panavision , and released by Paramount Pictures .
Budtameez ( English : Insolent ) is a 1966 Bollywood film produced by Jagdish Varma and directed by Manmohan Desai .
I Married a Strange Person ! is an American animated fantasy - black comedy feature film by Bill Plympton about a man who can transform people and objects using the power of his mind , and how a U.S. media conglomerate wishes to harness this power .
The Zero Years is a 2005 Greek dramatic experimental independent surrealist underground art film directed by Nikos Nikolaidis , his final film .
A Temporary Vagabond is a 1920 British silent comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Edwards , Chrissie White and Stephen Ewart .
Now You See Love , Now You Do n't is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Mabel Cheung and Alex Law .
Safed Haathi ( English : `` White Elephant '' ) is an Indian Hindi film made by Tapan Sinha in 1978 .
That Hamilton Woman , ( also known as Lady Hamilton and The Enchantress ) , is a 1941 black - and - white historical film drama , produced and directed by Alexander Korda for his American company during his exile in the United States .
Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar ( translation : He who wins , is the king ( Alexander ) ) is a 1992 Indian sports drama film directed by Mansoor Khan ( who earlier directed Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak ) .
Taste of Excitement is a 1970 British mystery film directed by Don Sharp .
What Happened to Harkness ? is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Milton Rosmer and starring Robert Hale , James Finlayson and Brember Wills .
Dharmakshetre Kurukshetre is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Kunchacko and produced by Kunchacko .
The Dangerous Flirt ( also released as A Dangerous Flirtation ) is a 1924 melodrama directed by Tod Browning , which is now considered to be lost .
Den opvakte jomfru is a 1950 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen , Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks .
I Wo n't Play is a 1944 American short drama film directed by Crane Wilbur .
Char Dervesh ( Four Seekers ) is a 1964 Hindi / Urdu action fantasy film directed by Homi Wadia for Basant Pictures .
Fool & Final ( stylized as Fool N Final ) is a 2007 Indian comedy caper film , directed by Ahmed Khan .
Gulabi Talkies is a 2008 Indian Kannada language film by acclaimed Indian director Girish Kasaravalli .
Personal Maid is a 1931 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Monta Bell and Lothar Mendes and written by Adelaide Heilbron and Grace Perkins .
Rajali is a 1996 Tamil language film directed by Velu Prabhakaran and written by R. K. Selvamani .
Visit to a Chief 's Son is a 1974 film directed by Lamont Johnson .
The Virgin and the Gypsy is a 1970 British drama film directed by Christopher Miles , based on the novel of the same name .
Andamaina Anubhavam is a 1979 Telugu film is directed by K. Balachander .
Men Who Save the World ( Malay : Lelaki Harapan Dunia ) is a 2014 internationally co - produced comedy film written and directed by Liew Seng Tat .
Jiyan ( Life in Kurdish ) is a 2002 film written and directed by the Kurdish director Jano Rosebiani .
Trouble with Sex is a 2005 Irish drama film set in Dublin and co - written and directed by Fintan Connolly .
Before the Hurricane ( translit . Qarishkhlis tsin , Burevestnik in Russian ) is a 1924 Georgian black - and - white silent film directed by Kote Marjanishvili based on a script by Shalva Dadiani .
Aborto is a Bengali film released on 1 March 2013 and directed by Arindam Sil .
Hitler Lives ( also known as Hitler Lives ? ) is a 1945 American short documentary film directed by Don Siegel , who was uncredited .
Aaj Ka Hindustan ( Today 's Indian ) is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Jayant Desai and starring Rose , Prithviraj Kapoor , Ishwarlal , Sitara Devi and comedian Charlie .
Executioners from Shaolin or Hung Hsi Kuan is a 1977 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Lau Kar - leung .
A Tough Winter is a 1930 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan .
The Wonderful Years ( German : Die wunderbaren Jahre ) is a 1979 West German drama film directed by Reiner Kunze and starring Gabi Marr , Martin May , Dietrich Mattausch and Christine Wodetzky .
King of Gamblers is a 1937 American low - budget gangster film directed by Robert Florey .
Hrudaya Geethe ( Kannada : ಹೃದಯ ಗೀತೆ ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada romance film directed and produced by H. R. Bhargava .
Cowboy Holiday is a 1934 American western directed by Robert F. Hill , produced by Max Alexander and Arthur Alexander for Beacon Productions and starring Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams and Richard Alexander .
Singing Behind Screens ( Italian : Cantando dietro i paraventi ) is a 2003 Italian adventure - drama film directed by Ermanno Olmi , loosely inspired to real life events of Chinese pirate Ching Shih .
The Live Ghost is a 1934 American short film starring Laurel and Hardy , directed by Charles Rogers and produced by Hal Roach .
Cat - Tails for Two is a 1953 ( 1961 Blue Ribbon Re - issue ) Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon , directed by Robert McKimson and written by Tedd Pierce starring Bennie the fat cat and George .
The Golden Snake ( Russian : Золотой полоз , tr . Zolotoy poloz ) is a 2007 Russian fantasy film directed by Vladimir Makeranets .
Különös házasság is a 1951 Hungarian drama film directed by Márton Keleti .
The Ballroom of Romance is a 1982 film directed by Pat O'Connor , based on a short story by William Trevor .
The Gaunt Stranger ( released as The Phantom Strikes in the US ) is a 1938 British mystery thriller film directed by Walter Forde and starring Sonnie Hale , Wilfrid Lawson and Alexander Knox .
Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin , also known as Život a neobyčejná dobrodružství vojáka Ivana Čonkina , is a 1994 comedy drama film directed by Jiří Menzel .
The Revolving Door is a 1968 American short documentary film directed by Lee R. Bobker and produced by Vision Associates .
Perdón , viejita is a 1927 silent Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra .
Let 's Go Native is a 1930 American Pre - Code black - and - white musical comedy film , directed by Leo McCarey and released by Paramount Pictures .
Lucky Jokers is a 2011 Malayalam comedy film written by Saju Kodiyan , directed by Sunil , and produced by D. Ramesh Babu under the banner of V. Ravichandran 's Aascar Films .
The Sun Shines Bright is a 1953 American drama film directed by John Ford , based on material taken from a series of Irvin S. Cobb stories .
Melvin Goes to Dinner is a 2003 American film adaptation of Michael Blieden 's stage play Phyro - Giants ! , directed by Bob Odenkirk .
Dancing Trees ( Partners in Crime ) is a Canadian drama thriller film directed by Anne Wheeler and written by Joseph Nasser .
Ivan & Ivana is a documentary directed by Jeff Daniel Silva in 2011 .
Até que a Sbórnia nos Separe ( Portuguese for Til Sbornia Do Us Part ) is a 2013 Brazilian animated dark comedy film directed by Otto Guerra and Ennio Torresan Jr , based on the play `` Tangos & Tragédias '' , presented on stage since 1984 .
Varalaru ( English : History of GodFather ) is a 2006 Indian Tamil action - drama thriller film written and directed by K. S. Ravikumar .
Kumari Penn ( Tamil : குமரிப்பெண் ) is a 1966 Indian Tamil film , directed by T. R. Ramanna and produced by E. V. Rajan .
Scream of the Wolf is a 1974 television movie starring Peter Graves and directed by Dan Curtis .
The Perfect Circle ( Bosnian : Savršeni krug ) is a 1997 Bosnian film by Ademir Kenović set in Sarajevo during the siege of 1992 - 1996 .
Jake Spanner , Private Eye is a 1989 American television crime film written and directed by Lee H. Katzin and starring Robert Mitchum and Ernest Borgnine .
Night Bus ( Italian : Notturno bus ) is a 2007 Italian noir - comedy film directed by Davide Marengo .
Gangway for Tomorrow is a 1943 American anthology film produced and directed by the Austrian - American John H. Auer , and originally known by its working title , An American Story .
Women for Sale is a 2005 documentary by Nili Tal .
The Playgirls and the Vampire ( Italian : L'ultima preda del vampiro ) is a 1960 Italian horror film directed and written by Piero Regnoli .
Mazhakaaru is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. N. Menon and produced by SK Nair .
Late Blossom ( Hangul : 그대를 사랑합니다 ; RR : Keudaereul Saranghamnida ; MR : Kŭtae rŭl Saranghapnida ; lit . `` I Love You '' ) is a 2011 South Korean film written and directed by Choo Chang - min about the love story of two elderly couples .
Gnabagangal ( English : Memories ) is a 2009 Tamil - language drama film directed by M. Jeevan .
Nairu Pidicha Pulivalu ( Malayalam : നായരു പിടിച്ച പുലിവാല് ) is a 1958 Malayalam film directed by P. Bhaskaran and written by Uroob based on his own story `` Business '' .
Brother Bernhard ( German : Bruder Bernhard or Der Eremit ) is a 1929 German film directed by Franz Seitz , Sr . and starring Vera Schmiterlöw , Walter Grüters and Will Dohm .
My Pal Trigger is a 1946 American Western musical film directed by Frank McDonald .
Terminal Invasion is a 2002 science fiction TV movie directed by Sean S. Cunningham .
Sandhitha Velai ( English : Time we met ) is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by Ravichandran being his second film after his debut Kannethirey Thondrinaal .
The Great Hypnotist is a 2014 Chinese mystery - thriller film directed by Leste Chen and starring Xu Zheng and Karen Mok .
Love Letters of a Portuguese Nun ( German : Die Liebesbriefe einer portugesischen Nonne ) is a 1977 West German - Swiss movie directed by Jesús Franco and loosely based on the Letters of a Portuguese Nun attributed to Mariana Alcoforado .
Alarm Clock Andy is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Jerome Storm and written by Agnes Christine Johnston .
Once I Loved a Girl in Vienna ( German : In Wien hab ' ich einmal ein Mädel geliebt ) is a 1931 German film directed by Erich Schönfelder and starring Werner Fuetterer , Gretl Theimer and Ernö Verebes .
The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat is a 1974 American adult animated comedy film directed by Robert Taylor .
A Matter of Murder is a 1949 British crime film directed by John Gilling and starring Maureen Riscoe , John Barry , Charles Clapham , Ian Fleming and John Le Mesurier .
Possessed II ( 艷鬼發狂 ) is a 1984 Hong Kong film directed by David Lai .
My Life for Ireland ( German : Mein Leben für Irland ) is a Nazi propaganda movie from 1941 directed by Max W. Kimmich , covering a story of Irish heroism and martyrdom over two generations under the occupation of the British .
Vehicle 19 is a 2013 American action thriller film directed by Mukunda Michael Dewil , who also wrote the screenplay .
Occupy Love is a 2012 documentary film about the Occupy movement directed by Velcrow Ripper .
What 's Your Husband Doing ? is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and written by R. Cecil Smith based upon the play of the same name by George V. Hobart .
Sixty Cents an Hour is a 1923 American comedy silent film directed by Joseph Henabery and written by Grant Carpenter and Frank Condon .
Embodiment of Evil ( Portuguese : Encarnação do Demônio ) is a 2008 Brazilian horror film by Brazilian film director José Mojica Marins .
Centennial Summer is a 1946 musical film directed by Otto Preminger .
Rescued from an Eagle 's Nest is a 1908 American silent action - drama co - directed by Edwin S Porter and J. Searle Dawley for the Edison film studios .
Manorama Six Feet Under is a 2007 Indian thriller film directed and co - written by Navdeep Singh .
Playin ' Hookey is a 1928 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan .
The Double Bed or Le Lit à deux places is a 1965 French and Italian film directed by Jean Delannoy and François Dupont - Midi .
Eddelu Manjunatha ( Kannada : ಎದ್ದೇಳು ಮಂಜುನಾಥ , English : Wake Up Manjunatha ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada language film written and directed by Guruprasad , and produced by journalist and director V. Sanath Kumar .
The Errand of Angels is a 2008 American LDS cinema drama film directed and produced by Christian Vuissa who also wrote the screenplay .
Certificates of Death ( German : Scheine des Todes ) is a 1923 German silent film directed by Lothar Mendes and starring Alfred Abel , Eva May and Iván Petrovich .
Never Take No for an Answer ( also known as Peppino e Violetta and The Small Miracle ) is a 1950 Italian film directed by Maurice Cloche
Cuibul salamandrelor , also known as Oil ! and Oil - The Billion Dollar Fire , is a 1977 Romanian - Italian action film directed by Mircea Drăgan .
Pau and His Brother ( Catalan : Pau i el seu germà , Spanish : Pau y su hermano , French : Pau et son frère ) is a 2001 Spanish - French drama film directed by Marc Recha .
Gaanam is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film , directed and produced by Sreekumaran Thampi .
Bharatamlo Arjunudu ( Telugu : భారతంలో అర్జునుడు ) is a 1987 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by K S Prakash Rao on Prakash Studios .
Love and Bruises is a 2011 French / Chinese drama film directed by Lou Ye .
Desadanam ( Malayalam : ദേശാടനം , English : Journey to wisdom ) is a Malayalam feature - length film released in the year 1996 by the critically acclaimed director Jayaraj .
Buckskin Frontier is a 1943 American action film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Norman Houston and Bernard Schubert .
Dear Mr. Prohack is a 1949 British comedy film directed by Thornton Freeland .
Parched is a 2015 Indian drama film directed by Leena Yadav .
Squibs Wins the Calcutta Sweep is a 1922 British silent comedy film directed by George Pearson and starring Betty Balfour , Fred Groves and Hugh E. Wright .
Fat Pizza is an Australian film , based upon the stories and characters of the Pizza television series , created by Paul Fenech .
The Forbidden Trail is a 1923 silent film western written and directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring Jack Hoxie .
L.A. Plays Itself is a 1972 American experimental gay pornographic film , direct and produced by Fred Halsted .
Raising Helen is a 2004 American comedy - drama film directed by Garry Marshall and written by Jack Amiel and Michael Begler .
Mastram is a 2014 Bollywood `` fictional biography '' film directed by Akhilesh Jaiswal starring Rahul Bagga and Tara Alisha Berry .
Odds 777 is a 1932 Danish family film directed by George Schnéevoigt .
Rustlers ' Roundup is a 1933 American Western film directed by Henry MacRae and written by Frank Howard Clark .
The American Consul is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by Rollin S. Sturgeon and written by Thomas J. Geraghty , Harvey F. Thew and Paul West .
I tabù n. 2 is a 1965 Italian documentary film directed by Romolo Marcellini .
For the Flag is a 1913 American silent short drama film written and directed by Lorimer Johnston .
Sweet Degeneration ( Chinese : 放浪 ; pinyin : Fang lang ) is a 1997 Taiwanese drama film written and directed by Lin Cheng - sheng .
Group Portrait with a Lady ( German : Gruppenbild mit Dame ) is a 1977 German - French drama film directed by Aleksandar Petrović .
Company and the Crazy ( Italian : La compagnia dei matti ) is a 1928 silent Italian film directed by Mario Almirante .
The Zero Boys is a low - budget 1986 action - horror B - movie , written and directed by Nico Mastorakis .
Youth of the Big City ( German : Grosstadtjugend ) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Rudolf Walther - Fein and starring Harry Liedtke , Ida Wüst and Maria Paudler .
Asambhava ( Kannada : ಅಸಂಭವ ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada film , directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by H N Maruthi and Venugopal .
The Holy Lie ( German : Die heilige Lüge ) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Holger - Madsen and starring Otto Gebühr , Margarete Schlegel , and Paul Bildt .
McDull , the Alumni ( Chinese : 春田花花同學會 ; pinyin : chūn tián huā huā tóng xué hùi ) is a 2006 Hong Kong live action / animated film directed by Samson Chiu .
Aalmaaraattam is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film , directed P. Venu .
People Places Things is a 2015 American comedy film written and directed by James C. Strouse .
Wife Number Two is a 1917 American silent drama film feature directed and written by William Nigh .
Kiladigalu ( Kannada : ಕಿಲಾಡಿಗಳು ) is a 1994 Indian Kannada comedy film directed by Dwarakish and produced by M. K. Srinivasamurthy .
The Bar at the Crossing ( French : Le bar de la fourche ) is a 1972 French adventure film directed by Alain Levent .
The Split is a 1968 film directed by Gordon Flemyng and written by Robert Sabaroff based upon the Parker novel The Seventh by Richard Stark ( a pseudonym of Donald E. Westlake ) .
Canaries Sometimes Sing is a 1930 British romantic comedy film , directed by Tom Walls .
Duel for Gold ( US : Huo bing ) is a 1971 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chor Yuen and produced by Shaw Brothers Studio , starring Ivy Ling Po , Lo Lieh , Chin Han , Wang Ping , Tsung Hua and Chen Chun .
The Midnight Game is a 2013 supernatural thriller film directed by A.D. Calvo based on the creepypasta of the same name .
Lo chiameremo Andrea ( also known as We 'll Call Him Andrew ) is a 1972 Italian comedy film directed by Vittorio De Sica .
Uravai Kaatha Kili ( Tamil : உறவைக்காத்த கிளி ) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film , directed by Vijaya T. Rajendar and produced by R. Danalakshmi .
A Saturday on Earth ( French : Un samedi sur la terre ) is a 1996 French drama film directed by Diane Bertrand .
Anaachadanam is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film , directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by M Raju Mathan .
Gunmen 's Blues is a 1981 independent short film written and directed by Eric Red .
The Stranglers of Bombay is a 1959 adventure / horror film directed by Terence Fisher for Hammer Films dealing with the British East India Company 's investigation of the cult of Thuggee stranglers in the 1830s .
My Fighting Gentleman ( also known as A Son of Battle ) is a 1917 American silent historical drama film directed by Edward Sloman with the storyline by Doris Schroeder and Nell Shipman .
The Little Convict is a 1979 Australian film directed by Yoram Gross based on an original story by Gross .
Murder in the Library or Playthings of Desire is a 1933 American drama film directed by George Melford and starring Linda Watkins , James Kirkwood , Sr . and Reed Howes .
Phone Swap is a 2012 Nigerian romance comedy drama film written by Kemi Adesoye , directed and produced by Kunle Afolayan .
Images in a Convent ( Italian : Immagini di un convento ) is a 1979 sexploitation film by Italian cult filmmaker Joe D'Amato .
Glimpses / Impressions is a film by Jean - François Pouliot for the Canadian pavilion at Expo 2010 in Shanghai .
Zander the Great is a 1925 silent drama film directed by George W. Hill , in his first directing role for MGM .
Yamagola or Yama Gola is a 1977 Silver Jubilee Telugu film directed by Tatineni Rama Rao and produced by cinematographer S. Venkataratnam .
Principality of Kastrioti ( 1389 - -1444 ) was one of the most important principalities in Medieval Albania .
The Joel - Rosenthal was an English electric car manufactured from 1899 until around 1902 .
The Restored Hanthawaddy Kingdom ( Burmese : ဟံသာဝတီ နေပြည်တော် ) was the kingdom that ruled Lower Burma and parts of Upper Burma from 1740 to 1757 .
Dutch Malabar , also known by the name of its main settlement Cochin , was the title of a commandment of the Dutch East India Company on the Malabar Coast between 1661 and 1795 , and is part of what is today collectively referred to as Dutch India .
Massive negative publicity about Birgenair and other discount flight organizers in Germany following the disaster mentioned below caused a sharp decline in reservations , and finally the company went into bankruptcy and closed later that same year , 1996 .
The Principality of Regensburg ( German : Fürstentum Regensburg ) was a principality within the Holy Roman Empire and the Confederation of the Rhine which existed between 1803 and 1810 .
Vrienden van het Platteland ( UCI Code : VVP ) was a Dutch UCI women 's road cycling team that existed in the 2000 - 2008 road cycling seasons .
Both areas were conquered by Gruffydd ap Llywelyn in about 1055 , but on his death in 1063 , Morgannwg , the union between Gwent and Glywysing , was reconstituted .
Spanish National Liberation Front ( Spanish : Frente Español de Liberación Nacional ) , better known by its acronym FELN , was a Spanish Republican antifascist opposition group based in Belgium and France active between 1963 and 1970 .
Vickers was a famous name in British engineering that existed through many companies from 1828 until 1999 .
John D. Lowry ( June 2 , 1932 -- January 21 , 2012 ) was a Canadian film restoration expert and innovator who founded Lowry Digital Images in 1988 .
Hillel Steiner is a Canadian political philosopher and is Emeritus Professor of Political Philosophy at the University of Manchester .
Richard L. Daft ( born 1964 ) is an American organizational theorist and the Brownlee O. Currey , Jr. Professor of Management at the Owen Graduate School of Management , Vanderbilt University .
In 2003 , Sieglinde Hartmann was appointed to a professorship for Medieval German literature at the University of Würzburg .
Ulrich von Andrian is a German Immunologist and professor of Microbiology and Immunobiology at Harvard University .
Eörs Szathmáry ( born 1959 ) is a Hungarian theoretical evolutionary biologist at the late Collegium Budapest Institute for Advanced Study and at the Department of Plant Taxonomy and Ecology of Eötvös Loránd University , Budapest .
Professor Richard J. Finlay FRHistS is the current Head of the School of Humanities at the University of Strathclyde and the author of a number of books , particularly on the modern history of Scotland .
Andrew Heyward is a former President of CBS News , serving from January 1996 until early November 2005 .
Wesley Alba Sturges ( 1893 - 1962 ) was a professor of law at the Yale Law School from 1924 to 1961 , and served as dean of the law school from 1945 to 1954 .
Lynn Kimsey is an entomologist , taxonomist , director of the Bohart Museum of Entomology and professor of entomology at the University of California , Davis since 1989 .
Roger Cotterrell is the Anniversary Professor of Legal Theory at Queen Mary , University of London and was made a Fellow of the British Academy in 2005 .
Junot Díaz ( born December 31 , 1968 ) is a Dominican American writer , creative writing professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , and fiction editor at Boston Review .
Ernst - Ludwig von Thadden ( born 1959 , in Göttingen , Lower Saxony , Germany ) is a German economist , professor and President ( Rectorate ) of the University of Mannheim since October 2012 .
Judy Illes , Ph.D. , FRSC , FCAHS , is Professor of Neurology and Canada Research Chair in Neuroethics at the University of British Columbia .
Walter Pauk , Cornell University 's reading and study center director , is author of the best - selling How To Study In College .
Michael Newrzella ( September 1967 -- June 27 , 1993 ) was a German police officer and member of the GSG 9 , the counter - terrorism and special operations unit of the German Federal Police .
John Domingue ( born ca 1960 ) is a British academic , Professor at and Deputy director of the Knowledge Media Institute at the Open University in Milton Keynes . , and researcher in the application of semantic technologies in the automation of the management and deployment of Web services .
Caroline Elkins ( born 1969 ) is a professor of history and African and African American Studies at Harvard University , and the founding director of Harvard 's Center for African Studies .
David Laibman ( born December 25 , 1942 ) is Professor Emeritus of Economics at Brooklyn College and the Graduate Center , City University of New York .
Fathali M. Moghaddam is an Iranian psychologist , professor of psychology at Georgetown University and director of Conflict Resolution Program , Department of Government , Georgetown University .
Susan Goldin - Meadow is the Beardsley Ruml Distinguished Service Professor in the Departments of Psychology , Comparative Human Development , the College , and the Committee on Education at the University of Chicago .
Jonathan Culler ( born 1944 ) is a Professor of English at Cornell University ; his published works are in the fields of structuralism , literary theory and criticism .
Barbara Scholkmann ( born 1941 in Heidenheim ) was professor of medieval archaeology at the University of Tübingen until her retirement in 2007 .
William H. Goetzmann ( July 20 , 1930 -- September 7 , 2010 ) was an award - winning historian and emeritus professor in the American Studies and American Civilization Programs at the University of Texas at Austin .
His father , Richard Pipes , was a historian at Harvard University , specializing in Russia , and Daniel Pipes grew up primarily in the Cambridge , Massachusetts area .
Frank Kolb ( born February 27 , 1945 in Rheinbach , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German professor of ancient history at the Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen in Germany .
Geoffrey Thorndike Martin ( born 28 May 1934 ) is an egyptologist , Edwards Professor of Egyptian Archaeology and Philology Emeritus , University College , London , Joint Field Director of the Amarna Royal Tombs Project and fellow commoner of Christ 's College , Cambridge .
Carl Elmer Jenkins ( born October 1 , 1926 ) is a retired Central Intelligence Agency officer .
Babak Dehghanpisheh , born January 2 , 1972 , is Newsweek magazine 's Baghdad Bureau Chief .
Gurnee Munn ( 1887 - May 7 , 1960 ) was a businessman , president of the American Totalisator Company and former member of the New York Stock Exchange who was the ex - husband of heiress Marie Louise Wanamaker .
Nake M. Kamrany Ph.D. , J.D. ( August 29 , 1934 , Kabul , Afghanistan ) is a professor at the University of Southern California and Afghan - American economist .
Abeer Hamza ( Arabic : عبير حمزة‎ ) is a scholar and lecturer of Modern Standard Arabic and Egyptian Arabic in the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Cultures at the University of California , Los Angeles .
Katheryn Russell - Brown ( born Katheryn K. Russell , September 17 , 1961 ) is a professor of law and director of the Center for the Study of Race and Race Relations at University of Florida 's Fredric G. Levin College of Law .
Piet Gros ( born July 31 , 1962 in Dokkum ) is a Dutch chemist and professor biomacromolecular crystallography at Utrecht University .
Rosemary Ashton OBE , FBA ( born 11 April 1947 ) is Quain Professor of English Language and Literature at University College London .
John F. Haught is a Distinguished Research Professor at Georgetown University .
Francis J. Banfield ( December 1827 -- March 4 , 1883 ) was an American soldier , law enforcement officer , police sergeant and founding member of the New York City Police Department `` Steamboat Squad '' .
Horst Steinmann ( born 17 July 1934 in Bad Salzuflen , Lippe , Germany ) is a German economist and professor emeritus of management economics and business administration at the University of Erlangen - Nuremberg .
Alan J. Hawkins ( born July 8 , 1955 ) is a professor in the Brigham Young University ( BYU ) School of Family Life , a division of the university 's College of Home Family and Social Sciences .
Ossian Everett Mills ( February 16 , 1856 -- December 26 , 1920 ) was the founder of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Fraternity of America Inc. , which was founded at the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston , Massachusetts , on October 6 , 1898 .
Marc Snir holds a Michael Faiman and Saburo Muroga Professorship in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign and has a courtesy appointment in the Graduate School of Library and Information Science .
Jean - Marie Dufour ( born 1949 ) is an economist and statistician from Quebec who teaches at McGill University .
Rosita Baltazar ( 1960 - -2015 ) was a Belizean choreographer , dancer , dance instructor and founding assistant director of the Belize National Dance Company .
Michale Fee is faculty in the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and an Investigator in the McGovern Institute for Brain Research .
Rufus Carrollton Harris ( January 2 , 1896 -- August 18 , 1988 ) was the president of Tulane University from 1937 - -1959 and the 12th dean of the Tulane University Law School , from 1927 - -1937 .
Noel C. Gardner is an American psychiatrist who is a professor at the University of Utah and was a key witness in the state competency hearing for Brian David Mitchell .
Mike Jetten ( born 1962 ) is a Dutch professor of Microbiology at the Radboud University Nijmegen .
Margaret J. M. Ezell is a Distinguished Professor at Texas A&M University and the Sara and John Lindsey Chair of Liberal Arts .
Peter Stuhlmacher ( born 18 January 1932 in Leipzig ) is Protestant theologian , professor emeritus of New Testament studies at the University of Tübingen .
George Modelski ( born January 9 , 1926 Poznań , as Jerzy Modelski ; - February 21 , 2014 ) was Professor of Political science Emeritus in the University of Washington .
Richard Belluzzo ( often known as Rick Belluzzo ) ( born November 26 , 1953 ) is an American businessman who worked as an executive at Hewlett - Packard , SGI , and Microsoft before becoming CEO of Quantum Corp. in 2002 .
Hugh Darwen is a computer scientist who was an employee of IBM United Kingdom from 1967 to 2004 , and has been involved in the history of the relational model .
Bernard Waldman ( October 12 , 1913 -- November 1 , 1986 ) was an American physicist who flew on the Hiroshima atomic bombing mission as a cameraman during World War II . A graduate of New York University , joined the faculty of the University of Notre Dame in 1938 .
Amira Hass ( Hebrew : עמירה הס‎ ; born 28 June 1956 ) is an Israeli journalist and author , mostly known for her columns in the daily newspaper Haaretz .
Elizabeth Bates ( July 26 , 1947 -- December 13 , 2003 ) was a Professor of psychology and cognitive science at the University of California , San Diego .
From 1951 till 1978 Michael Landmann was Professor of philosophy at the Free University of Berlin .
Joseph Deiss studied economics and social sciences for his first degree at the University of Fribourg .
Brent A. Barlow was a professor of marriage , family and human development at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Isaac Ashkenazi ( born 1957 in Israel ) is an Israeli Professor of Disaster Medicine at Ben - Gurion University of the Negev in Israel and a consultant to Harvard University .
Paul C. Adams is an Associate Professor and Director of Urban Studies at the Department of Geography and the Environment at University of Texas at Austin .
Daniel Gaudiello ( born in Brisbane ) is an Australian ballet dancer , principal artist with The Australian Ballet .
Jerry Kirkbride is an American clarinetist , member of the Dorian Wind Quintet and Professor of Clarinet at the University of Arizona .
Kazimierz Zakrzewski ( November 4 , 1900 in Kraków -- March 11 , 1941 in Palmiry ) was a Polish historian and publicist , a professor of the University of Warsaw .
Miklós Ajtai ( born 2 July 1946 ) is a computer scientist at the IBM Almaden Research Center , USA .
A. Peter van Walsum ( born 25 June 1934 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch diplomat who served as United Nations Secretary - General 's Personal Envoy for Western Sahara .
Alan T. Davies ( born 1933 ) is an emeritus professor of religion at the University of Toronto , Canada .
Hagen Kleinert ( born 15 June 1941 ) is Professor of Theoretical Physics at the Free University of Berlin , Germany ( since 1968 ) , Honorary Doctor at the West University of Timişoara , and at the Kyrgyz - Russian Slavic University in Bishkek .
Cary Wolfe ( born 1959 ) currently teaches English at Rice University .
Coleman Barks ( born April 23 , 1937 ) is an American poet , and former literature faculty at the University of Georgia .
Max E. Youngstein ( March 21 , 1913 , New York City -- July 8 , 1997 ) was an American film producer who worked for United Artists , where he formed United Artists Music and United Artists Records .
James S. Sutterlin ( born March 15 , 1922 ) is an author , an academic , and a former officer at the United States Department of State with rank equivalent to an Assistant Secretary of State , who also spent 13 years working in various capacities for the Secretariat of the United Nations .
Inman Harvey was a Senior Lecturer in Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence at the University of Sussex , he is now a Visiting Senior Research Fellow at the same University .
Jan Karski ( 24 June 1914 -- 13 July 2000 ) was a Polish World War II resistance movement fighter and later professor at Georgetown University .
Annelise Riles is a professor of law and anthropology at Cornell Law School and Cornell University respectively .
David Levering Lewis ( born May 25 , 1936 ) is the Julius Silver University Professor and Professor of History at New York University .
John S. Lewis ( born June 27 , 1941 ) is a Professor Emeritus of planetary science at the University of Arizona 's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory .
Wittiza ( Witiza , Witica , Witicha , Vitiza , or Witiges ; c. 687 -- probably 710 ) was the Visigothic King of Hispania from 694 until his death , co - ruling with his father , Egica , until 702 or 703 .
John Ross Ewing III ( often referred as J. R. Ewing III in some countries ) is a fictional character from American prime time soap opera , Dallas and the 2012 continuation series .
Mubukwanu was a son of the Chief Mulambwa Santulu and grandson of Chief Mwanawina I. His younger brother was Chief Silumelume , successor of their father .
Anna de ' Medici ( 31 December 1569 -- 19 February 1584 ) was the third child of Francesco I de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany , and Joanna of Austria .
Ariel Toaff is the son of Elio Toaff , late former Chief Rabbi of Rome .
Sir Edward Butler , 1st Viscount Galmoye ( d. 1653 ) was the son of Piers FitzThomas Butler and the Honourable Katherine Fleming .
Ailsa Mellon Bruce ( June 28 , 1901 -- August 25 , 1969 ) , born in Pittsburgh , was a prominent socialite and the daughter of the banker and diplomat Andrew W. Mellon .
Shaina Nana Chudasama ( born 1 December 1972 ) , better known by her abbreviated name Shaina NC , is an Indian fashion designer , politician , and social worker .
Ulla Lindström was the daughter of the right wing Nils Wohlin , Minister of Trade 1923 - -24 and Minister of Finance in 1928 - -29 , and the piano teacher Gunilla Wohlin .
Rabbi Yehuda Leib Schneersohn ( 1811 - 1866 ) was a Ukrainian Habad Hasidic rabbi , the second son of Menachem Mendel Schneersohn , and founder and first leader of Kopust Hasidism .
The International Opera Awards was founded by Harry Hyman , a UK businessman and supporter of opera , and John Allison , Editor of Opera Magazine .
Started by Tarek Ben Halim in 2004 , Alfanar is guided by the vision that building effective and sustainable civil society organisations will not only improve lives , but also transform communities across the Arab region .
The Documentary Film Movement is the name given to the group of British filmmakers , led by John Grierson , who were influential in British film culture in the 1930s and 1940s .
The Toy Dolls formed as a quartet featuring vocalist Pete `` Zulu '' Robson ; guitarist Michael Algar , also known as Olga ( born 21 September 1962 , South Shields , England ) ; drummer Colin `` Mr. Scott '' Scott ; and bassist Phillip `` Flip '' Dugdale .
Crazy John 's was a mobile phone retail chain in Australia started by Turkish Australian businessman John Ilhan .
Epitome Music Library ( EML ) was discovered , and then meticulously extracted from the mind of Ben Kopec .
Juan Torres de Vera y Aragón founded on April 3 , 1588 San Juan de Vera de las Siete Corrientes ( `` Saint John of Vera of the Seven Currents '' ) , which was later shortened to Corrientes .
Skywalker Sound is the sound effects , sound editing , sound design , sound mixing and music recording division of George Lucas ' Lucas Digital motion picture group .
Exit International was founded by Dr Philip Nitschke in 1997 after the over - turning of the world 's first Voluntary Euthanasia law -- the Rights of the Terminally Ill ( ROTI ) Act .
AbbottVision is a British independent television production company , established in 2008 by the multi award - winning writer , creator and producer Paul Abbott .
Blue Origin is an American privately - funded aerospace developer and manufacturer set up by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos .
Farrell 's Ice Cream Parlour was started in Portland , Oregon , by Bob Farrell and Ken McCarthy in 1963 .
Benjamin Holt , who was later credited with patenting the first workable crawler tractor design , incorporated the Holt Manufacturing Company in 1892 .
The Jathika Nidahas Peramuna ( JNP ) or National Freedom Front ( NFF ) is a political party in Sri Lanka was formed by the ten JVP parliamentarians led by Wimal Weerawansa , the breakaway group of Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna or JVP , started their political activities on 14 May 2008 .
Black Sparrow Books , formerly known as Black Sparrow Press , is a book publisher originally founded in 1966 by John Martin of Santa Rosa , California .
In 1965 , American James E. Thompson ( Jim Thompson ) ( then residing in Yokohama , Japan ) , recognized the need for an international moving service , so established Crown Worldwide Group .
In 1994 Marc Ewing created his own Linux distribution , which he named Red Hat Linux ( Ewing had worn a red Cornell University lacrosse hat , given to him by his grandfather , while attending Carnegie Mellon University ) .
Paul Hertzberg founded CineTel Films .
Post Carbon Institute was founded by Julian Darley ( President ) and Celine Rich ( Executive Director ) in 2003 .
The Civitas Institute is primarily funded by the John William Pope Foundation , the family foundation of Art Pope .
Nasir bin Murshid bin Sultan al Ya'Aruba ( r. 1624 - 1694 ) was the first Imam of the Yaruba dynasty , elected in 1624 .
One of the oldest American foundations , the Russell Sage Foundation was established in 1907 for `` the improvement of social and living conditions in the United States '' by a gift of $ 10 million from Margaret Olivia Slocum Sage ( 1828 - -1918 ) , widow of railroad magnate and financier Russell Sage .
The Edison Manufacturing Company was a company organized in 1889 by the inventor and entrepreneur Thomas Edison that manufactured batteries , machinery and equipment , and also produced kinetoscope films .
Leopard Capital is a Cayman domiciled frontier market investment group established in 2007 by current CEO and founder Douglas Clayton .
Ocado was founded in April 2000 by Jonathan Faiman , Jason Gissing and Tim Steiner , former merchant bankers with Goldman Sachs .
Shamrock Holdings is the firm founded as the Roy E. Disney family investment firm and the Disney family remains a key investor .
Imagine Entertainment , formerly Imagine Films Entertainment , is an American film and television production company founded in 1986 by director Ron Howard and producer Brian Grazer .
Weintraub Entertainment Group ( WEG ) was a film production company considered to be a mini - major studio founded by Jerry Weintraub .
MSG Metro Channels was a series of local - minded New York City cable networks which launched on August 5 , 1998 and folded in late 2005 .
Founded in Hawaii , U.S. in 1981 , Verifone now operates in more than 150 countries worldwide and employ nearly 5,000 people globally .
E. Remington and Sons ( 1816 - -1896 ) was a manufacturer of firearms and typewriters .
The Independent Post and Telecommunications Authority , ( Dutch : Onafhankelijke Post en Telecommunicatie Autoriteit OPTA ) was an independent Dutch government agency charged with enforcing Dutch law on telecommunication , post and cable TV services that operated between 1997 and 2013 .
Christian Mistress is an American heavy metal band , formed in Olympia , Washington in 2008 .
Japanese Used Motor Vehicle Exporting Association or JUMVEA is an organization that began on September 14 , 1995 .
UK Records was a music label launched in 1972 by Jonathan King to distribute his own releases and those by some other artists .
Founded in 1892 , Zuger Kantonalbank is a universal bank , providing retail and corporate banking products mainly to the canton residents .
Silverline is from Brainerd , Minnesota , and formed in 2006 .
The Broadband Commission for Digital Development was established in May 2010 as a joint initiative by the International Telecommunication Union ( ITU ) and the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) .
The Pre New are a British electronic band formed in 2010 in London , UK .
Kvíabryggja prison ( Icelandic : Fangelsið Kvíabryggja ) is a prison in Iceland , established in 1954 .
Tatung Company ( TWSE : 2371 ) ( Tatung ; Chinese : 大同股份有限公司 ; pinyin : Dàtóng Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī ) is a multinational corporation established in 1918 and headquartered in Zhongshan , Taipei , Taiwan .
The Memorials is an American hard rock band from Berkeley , California that formed in December 2009 .
The Alexander & Ilse Melamid Medal was established in 2002 by a gift from Ilse Melamid .
University status was awarded by the Privy Council in February 2011 , and UHI became the University of the Highlands and Islands .
Romans first came to the territory around the mid 2nd century BC . A war with Lusitanian tribes followed , from 155 to 139 BC . In 27 BC , the province was created .
The Portugal Masters is a European Tour men 's professional golf tournament which was played for the first time in October 2007 .
The Freedom Socialist Party is a far - left socialist political party with a revolutionary feminist philosophy that emerged from a split in the United States Socialist Workers Party in 1966 .
The Dresdner Sezession ( Dresden Secession ) was a short - lived collaboration of German Expressionism founded by Conrad Felixmüller and his pupil Otto Dix in Dresden , during a period of political and social reform in the aftermath of World War I. The group 's activity spanned from 1919 until its final collective exhibition in 1925 .
The Ragbirds began in Ypsilanti , Michigan in 2005 and moved to neighboring Ann Arbor in 2007 .
The Cambrai Madonna ( or Notre - Dame de Grace ) is a small c 1340 Italo - Byzantine , possibly Sienese , replica of an Eleusa ( Virgin of Tenderness ) icon .
The Broadside Boys are a folk band that formed in 2010 .
Menri Monastery was established in 1405 by Nyammé Shérap Gyeltsen ( Wylie : mnyam med she s rab rgyal mtshan , 1356 - -1416 ) from Gyarong ( Gyelrong ) , on the slope of Mount Shari Phowa ( Wylie : shar ri pho ba ) in Topgyel ( Wylie : thob rgyal ) , Tsang .
The Security Institute was established in 1999 `` to enhance the professionalism and profile of the business of security . ''
The club was established in 1922 as Odra Wodzisław , then changed its name several times .
The car brand was founded in 1978 by Joop Donkervoort .
The Franciscan Apostolic Sisters ( F.A.S. ) is a Roman Catholic religious congregation that was founded in the Philippines in 1953 by Father Gerardo Z. Filippeto , O.F.M ..
2005 - Demo 7 `` 2006 - Nowhere to Run 2007 - Time Is the Enemy 2008 - Down to Nothing / 50 Lions EP 2009 - S / T 7 '' 2009 - Where Life Expires 2010 - This Is Australia :
Lojinx is a British independent record label and music publishing company established in 2004 in South London , UK .
The Alexandrina Council was formed in 1997 by the amalgamation of the former District Council of Strathalbyn , the District Council of Port Elliot and Goolwa , and a portion of the District Council of Willunga .
Poetry Records ( www.poetryrecords.com ) was founded in Nov. 2007 in Chicago by musician and music entrepreneur Chuxiao .
18F 's creation was announced by GSA Administrator Dan Tangherlini on March 19 , 2014 with a mission to simplify the government 's digital services , but no project - specific directive .
Bieler Bros. Records was formed in January 2002 by brothers Aaron and Jason Bieler ( ex - Saigon Kick ) .
The Continental Indoor Soccer League ( CISL ) was a professional indoor soccer league that played from 1993 to 1997 .
Before WJCB ( WPXV - TV ) signed on the air on May 29 , 1989 , WJCB and presumably Tidewater Christian Communications had a construction permit license for a television station on August 9 , 1985 .
Launched in 2010 , Street League Skateboarding ( SLS ) is an international competitive series in professional skateboarding .
The American Philosophical Society ( APS ) , founded in 1743 and located in Philadelphia , is an eminent scholarly organization of international reputation that promotes useful knowledge in the sciences and humanities through excellence in scholarly research , professional meetings , publications , library resources , and community outreach .
The Matches is a United States - based pop punk band formed in 1997 in Oakland , California .
Nationalist Left ( EN , Esquerda Nacionalista in Galician language ) was a Galician political party formed in 1992 .
Founded on March 31 , 2006 in Hong Kong , S4BB Limited is a privately held company .
Bongo Comics Group is a comic book publishing company founded in 1993 by Matt Groening along with Steve & Cindy Vance and Bill Morrison .
Flensburger Schiffbau - Gesellschaft was founded in 1872 by a group of five local shipowners who previously had all their steamboats built in England as most German shipowners did in the 19th century .
UAW Local 5810 was chartered in 2008 .
As the official Emerson Process representative in BC since 1972 , NORPAC Controls provides project management , procurement , implementation , asset optimization , maintenance and repair .
In 2010 the club was again reformed , this time under their previous name FC Alga Bishkek .
Stockholm University of the Arts ( Stockholms Konstnärliga Högskola ) is a public university college created 1 January 2014 by joining the School of Dance and Circus , the University College of Opera , and the Stockholm Academy of Dramatic Arts .
Ensemble 360 is a British chamber music ensemble founded in 2005 by Music in the Round following the retirement of the Lindsay String Quartet .
The Beat Fleet , also known as TBF , is a band from Split , Croatia , founded in 1990 .
A Joseph Plateau Award was an accolade presented by the Flanders International Film Festival Ghent , first awarded in 1985 .
The Bridge University was founded in 2009 as a post - secondary college .
Art Star Scene Studios or ASS Studios as it is commonly referred to as , is an American independent Motion Picture Studio founded by Courtney Fathom Sell & Reverend Jen Miller in 2011 .
Redtribe is an Australian video game developer that was co - founded in 2003 by veteran game developer and entrepreneur Chris Mosely and Samantha Robson .
The Singapore Fashion Festival is an annual event held since 2001 to 2008 .
With the construction of the O. Dovzhenko Film Studios beginning in 1927 , it was at the time the largest in the Ukrainian SSR .
International Animal Rescue was established by John and Jo Hicks , and first registered as a charity in the United Kingdom in September 1989 ; in Goa , India in 1998 ; in the United States in 2001 and in the Netherlands and Indonesia in 2008 .
Dum Dum Girls are an American rock band , formed in 2008 .
In 1976 , the three brothers , Jens , Claus , and Per Resen Steenstrup pooled their expertise in advanced ultrasonic technology , and consequently RESON A / S was born .
Solidarity and Equality ( Spanish : Solidaridad e Igualdad - SI , or simply SI ) is a centre - left Argentine political party , founded in 2008 as a splinter from ARI .
Witchery is a Swedish blackened thrash / speed metal band , formed by former members of Satanic Slaughter in 1997 .
Kidrobot is a producer and retailer of designer toys , vinyl art toys and collectibles founded in 2002 by Paul Budnitz , specializing in artist - created toys and imports from Japan , Hong Kong , and Europe .
In 2005 , the first version of MuPDF with the new Fitz library was released .
The Billboard Icon Award was established in 2011 to recognize music singers and contribution .
Power Corporation of Canada was formed in 1925 by stockbrokers Arthur J. Nesbitt and his partner Peter A. T. Thompson .
Founded on March 29 , 1905 , Tiro Federal was one of the founding members of the Rosario amateur league in 1907 , which the team would win in 1920 , 1925 and 1926 .
Rationalist International was founded in December 1995 during the First International Rationalist Conference at New Delhi , with delegates from 28 countries .
Fugue State Press ( established 1992 ) is a small New York City fiction publisher , specializing in the experimental novel .
Brave Entertainment ( Hangul : 브레이브 엔터테인먼트 ) is a South Korean record label , founded in 2008 by Brave Brothers .
Vaakevandring was a Norwegian unblack metal band that was active from 1996 to 2007 .
Radio 1212 or Nachtsender 1212 was a black propaganda radio station operated from 1944 to 1945 by the Psychological Warfare Branch of the US Office of War Information ( OWI ) under the direction of CBS radio chief William S. Paley , who was based in London .
New Sinhala Heritage ( Sinhalese : Nava Sihala Urumaya ) is a Sri Lankan political party founded in 2006 by former United National Party member Sarath Manamendra .
The Manfred Wörner Foundation is a Bulgarian not - for - profit non - governmental organization established on 20 October 1994 , and registered in 1996 .
The Bund Deutscher Jugend ( BDJ , English : League of German Youth ) was a politically active German association with right - wing and anti - communist leanings founded in 1950 .
Anand Bhavan was donated to Indian government in 1970 by the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi , the granddaughter of Motilal Nehru and daughter of Jawaharlal Nehru .
The Pakistan National Accreditation Council was formed in the year 1998 , after Pakistan joined the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) .
Budweiser Made in America Festival was founded in 2012 by American rapper , record producer and business mogul Jay - Z and his business associate , marketing mogul Steve Stoute , as a way to bring together music and culture .
National Stonewall Democrats were a Washington , D.C .- based group affiliated founded in 1998 by U.S. Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts .
Gener8tor is an American startup accelerator , formed in 2012 by Dan Armbrust , Troy Vosseller , Joe Kirgues , Daniel Bader , Joel Abraham , and Jon Eckhardt .
It was bought by Starwood in 1994 and is also the oldest brand within Starwood , dating back to 1930 and still continuing with it .
Initiated by the Rotary Club of Mbabane - Mbuluzi in July 2004 , the Sibebe Survivor hike follows a course from Mbuluzi High School to the top of the rock and back .
The name change from MEDUNSA to Sefako Makgatho Health Sciences University ( SMU ) was one of the causes of the riots in August 2014 .
The CONCACAF Cup Winners Cup was an international association football club competition held from 1991 to 1998 .
On 29 September 1961 , the Ministry of Health issued Decision No . 828/BYT / QD to split Hanoi College of Medicine - Pharmacy into two schools : the Hanoi Medical University and Hanoi University of Pharmacy .
Officially founded on February 11 , 1941 , the HC Lugano celebrated its 60th year of life in the 2000 - -01 season .
Meridiana Africa Airlines ( Uganda ) Limited , trading as Air Uganda , was a privately owned airline in Uganda from 2007 - 2014 , which suspended its operations due to its air operator 's certificate ( AOC ) being revoked by the Uganda Civil Aviation Authority ( CAA ) .
NU 107 first hit the airwaves on 31 October 1987 , being one of two FM stations ( the other being Power 105 ) that played the latest new wave and punk hits during that time .
The New England Stars were a North Eastern Hockey League ( NEHL ) team based in Danbury , Connecticut who started play at the end of 2006 .
Gdańsk Shipyard was founded in 1945 as a state - owned company , on sites of the former German shipyards , Schichau - Werft and Danziger Werft , both considerably damaged in the Second World War .
Inteligo began operations on May 1 , 2001 , and acquired 150,000 customers in the first 12 months of operations , achieving 54 % aided brand awareness .
Formed in Essex , England in 2013 , The Bohicas have released one studio album and have toured the world with acts such as Franz Ferdinand .
Home to black guillemots and a Swedish National Park since 1926 , freedom to roam at Blå Jungfrun is limited with visitors prohibited from staying overnight on the island or making fires .
Sinotrans Limited was incorporated in 2002 and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2003 with Sinotrans Group as its controlling shareholder .
Years later , after many accusations from the international BM scene he stated in his website ( www.nargaroth.de ) that the genesis of Nargaroth was in 1996 after the band Exhuminenz , formed by himself , R.S. , Charoon and Darken ( not to be confused with Rob Darken of Graveland fame ) split up .
Latvian Association for Support of Disabled People ( LASDP ) is non - profit organization founded in 2010 and based in Riga , Latvia .
Itzehoer SV was established on 3 October 1909 as FC Preußen 1909 Itzehoe and renamed to SV Preußen 1909 Itzehoe in 1919 .
Metabolife 356 , an ephedra supplement manufactured by Chemins , was initially marketed by Metabolife as a bodybuilding supplement , but in 1995 was rebranded as an aid for dieting .
Dongduk Women 's University is originated from Dongwon Girls School , founded in 1950 .
The company was founded in 1949 in Parsit by Heinz Kettler .
Appliances Online was established in 2005 by John Winning who had worked in retail appliance industry for eight years .
Mail Print was originally established in 1988 under the name `` Mail & More '' by Haver Danner .
CJLO started streaming online 7 days a week in early 2003 , and the station began broadcasting by radio in the Montreal area on 1690 AM with 1000 watts of power in late 2008 .
The Devilrock Four are an Australian rock band formed in 2003 .
The history of the band that is currently named Tarakany ! began in Moscow , Russia in 1991 .
21st U - boat Flotilla ( `` 21 . Unterseebootsflottille '' ) was a unit of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine before and during World War II . It was formed in 1935 as a Schulverband ( `` School Unit '' ) based at Kiel under the command of Kapitän zur See Kurt Slevogt ( Chef des Schulverbandes ) .
The Albert Einstein Institution was founded in 1983 and operates out of a small office in East Boston , Massachusetts .
Cricket Wireless was founded in 1999 by Leap Wireless International , Inc. On July 12 , 2013 , AT&T Inc. agreed to acquire Cricket 's parent company Leap Wireless International for $ 1.2 billion .
The Assam Kaziranga University ( known as Kaziranga University ) is a Private university established through the Assam Kaziranga University Act , 2012 created under Assam Private Universities Act 2007 in the State of Assam , India in the year 2012 .
The Kalaignar Karunanidhi Institute of Technology was established by Vijayalakshmi Palanisamy Charitable Trust in the year of 2008 in Coimbatore .
The Netherlands Photo Museum was founded in 1989 , under the name Nederlands Foto Archief .
The Antarctic Place - names Commission was established by the Bulgarian Antarctic Institute in 1994 , and since 2001 has been a body affiliated to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Bulgaria .
Second Motion Entertainment is a music business company founded in Chapel Hill , North Carolina in May 2008 .
Pocket Full of Rocks ( PFOR ) is an American band formed in 1995 .
Tracta was a French car maker based in Asnières , Seine , that was active between 1926 and 1934 .
Established originally in 1955 as Buckingham Plant Hire , it incorporated in November 1987 as Buckingham Group Contracting Ltd. The company is now established as a Main Contractor undertaking major construction and civil engineering projects , run by managing director Paul Wheeler .
The PAGE International Screenwriting Awards competition was founded in 2003 by an alliance of Hollywood producers , agents , and development executives to discover and promote up - and - coming new screenwriters from around the world .
The Philadelphia Civic Grand Opera Company ( PCGOC ) was an American opera company located in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania that was actively performing at the Academy of Music between 1950 and 1955 .
The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization ( APRO ) was an UFO research group started in January 1952 by Jim and Coral Lorenzen , of Sturgeon Bay , Wisconsin .
Pressure Point is an American punk band from Sacramento , California , formed in 1995 by Mike Erickson and Kenny Beasley .
Davina and the Vagabonds is a jazz blues band based in the Twin Cities , Minnesota and formed in 2006 .
Recipients of the Alba Bouwer Prize are : 1989 Freda Linde , Strepie en Kurfie ( 1987 ) 1992 Joint winners :
Salt Brook Academy is a Junior College , established in 1995 , and located in Dibrugarh of Assam , India .
Erina Fair was opened as Central Coast Fair in 1987 .
FC Avangard Podolsk ( Russian : ФК `` Авангард '' Подольск ) was a Russian association football club from Podolsk , existed in 2001 - 2010 .
In February 2011 , TopTenWholesale co - sponsored the visit of Chinese Vice President , Xi Jinping , at the Pepperdine School of Business .
Checkered Past Records is an American indie music record label established in May 1997 in Chicago .
Cropped Out is an annual multi - venue music festival in Louisville , Kentucky , organized by James Ardery and Ryan Davis in 2010 to present independent bands and a general DIY scene in a smaller , more affordable setting .
Votizen was founded by David Binetti , Jason Putorti , and Matt Snider in March 2010 .
Minerva Airlines ( IATA : N4 , ICAO : MTC , Call sign : Air Minerva ) was an airline based in Italy , which was operational from 1996 to 2003 .
London United basketball club was formed in 2002 following a merger between two local teams , the Ealing Tornados and the North London Lords .
Founded in 1966 ( after operating as the Calgary branch of the University of Alberta since 1945 ) the University of Calgary is composed of 14 faculties and more than 85 research institutes and centres .
Get Loaded in the Park is an inner - city music festival held on Clapham Common in London annually since 2004 .
It was effectively formed in 1916 by the splitting of the occupied German protectorate of Togoland into two territories , French Togoland and British Togoland , during the First World War .
In an interview with MMA Kanvas Kya Pate detailed what it is like to be the promoter of Australian MMA Since 2009 BRACE has staged 33 events in 8 cities over 4 Australian States .
The British Handball Association was founded in Liverpool in 1967 by four Liverpool teachers Phil Holden , Chris Powell , Jeff Rowland and Andy Smith .
The National University of Distance Education , known in Spanish as Universidad Nacional de Educación a Distancia ( UNED ) , is a distance learning and research university founded in 1972 and is the only university run by the central government of Spain .
China Drum are an English punk rock band from Ovingham in Northumberland active initially from 1989 to 2000 , playing under the name The Drum beginning in 1999 .
The Born This Way Foundation ( BTWF ) is an American non - profit organization founded in 2011 by singer Lady Gaga and her mother Cynthia Germanotta .
Dove Medical Press is a privately held company founded in 2003 by Tim Hill , a former managing director of Adis International and five other founders .
The ULTACH Trust ( Irish : Iontaobhas ULTACH ) is a charitable trust established in 1989 aimed at promoting the Irish language in Northern Ireland .
The Cardinal Newman Society is an American 501(c)(3 ) tax - exempt , nonprofit organization founded in 1993 that is dedicated to what they claim is promoting and defending faithful Catholic education .
Founded in 1986 FC Santa Coloma became the winning team of the first official edition of Primera Divisió in 1995 .
Northrop Grumman Corporation is an American global aerospace and defense technology company formed by Northrop 's 1994 purchase of Grumman .
In 1905 Guglielmo 's grandsons , Vittorio and Pietro Diatto , began Diatto - Clément , a cooperative venture making motor - vehicles under license from French manufacturer Clément - Bayard owned by industrialist Adolphe Clément - Bayard .
Bond No . 9 is an American , New York - based perfume house launched in 2003 by Laurice Rahmé , as the first and only niche New York fragrance company .
The 204th Vukovar Brigade ( Croatian : 204 . vukovarska brigada ) of the Croatian Army was a military unit of the Republic of Croatia that led the defence of the city of Vukovar during the 1991 Battle of Vukovar , in the Croatian War of Independence .
Lo - Fi - Fnk is a Swedish electropop - band formed in 2001 consisting of Leonard Drougge and August Hellsing .
DYST was inaugurated by Pacific Broadcasting Systems in 1992 as Showbiz Tsismis Nationwide in Miag - ao , Iloilo in the southern part of Iloilo .
San Lorenzo Marine Archipelago National Park was created as a marine national park to protect the fragile and important ecosystem of the San Lorenzo Archipelago by national decree on April 25 , 2005 .
BytesForAll was founded in July 1999 by Frederick Noronha of Goa , India and Partha Pratim Sarkar of Dhaka , Bangladesh .
My Ticket Home is an American Nu metal / alternative metal band formed in 2008 from Columbus , Ohio .
In 2008 it was rebranded as Headstrong Games .
Imputor ? is an independent record label founded in 1999 by Darrin Wiener ( aka Plastiq Phantom ) and Jordan Snodgrass .
Moox Live was a Norwegian television channel in 2006 - -2007 with user - generated content .
Snap Fitness is a privately owned and operated health and fitness club founded in 2003 by Peter Taunton .
Head Records was established in 2007 , and as of 2015 has 6 stores .
Harsco was founded in 1853 as The Harrisburg Car Manufacturing Company and became the Harrisburg Steel Corporation in 1935 .
The activities of the Süddeutscher Verlag began with the publication of the first edition of the Süddeutsche Zeitung on 6 October 1945 .
The American Society of International Law ( ASIL ) , founded in 1906 , was chartered by the United States Congress in 1950 to foster the study of international law , and to promote the establishment and maintenance of international relations on the basis of law and justice .
Established in 1956 , the University of Dallas is a private , independent Catholic regional university located in Irving , Texas that is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business ( AACSB ) and Southern Association of Colleges and Schools .
Workers World Party ( WWP ) is a communist party in the United States , founded in 1959 by a group led by Sam Marcy of the Socialist Workers Party ( SWP ) .
The organization 's first event , Full Force Fighting Vol . 1 , was held on January 29 , 2011 at the Paramount Theater in Denver .
This station was assigned call sign KOUI on February 6 , 2009 .
The Gers is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 .
Bosnia and Herzegovina National Badminton Championships are held since the year 2008 .
Fauve Software was founded in 1992 by brothers Fred and Richard Krueger .
Viscom was founded in 1984 by Dr. Martin Heuser and Volker Pape .
It was founded in 2012 under Decree No . 9089 as Phoenicia University International .
Excepter is an experimental music group from Brooklyn , founded in 2002 by No - Neck Blues Band member John Fell Ryan .
Raww was a United States - based short - lived music group best known for their minor hit `` Do n't You Try It '' , released by Emergency Records in 1986 .
in 2010 , Harris decided to create his own vanity label and named it `` Fly Eye Records '' after his signature fly - eye sunglasses that he handcrafted himself , which feature on the cover of his 2009 alBum , Ready For The Weekend .
Sree Saraswathi Thyagaraja College is an educational institution in Tamil Nadu , India , established in 1997 .
Gideon Hillman Consulting , established in 2004 , is an ISO 9001:2008 accredited company for the Supply of Specialist Supply Chain and Logistics Consulting and a corporate member of UKWA ( United Kingdom Warehousing Association ) as well as being a recognised member practice of the Institute of Consulting .
Art Cologne is an art fair held annually in Cologne , Germany and was established in 1967 as Kölner Kunstmarkt .
The station first took the callsign WLMN on August 23 , 1991 and changed it to WWUZ on August 10 , 1998 .
Haunted Garage is a horror punk / heavy metal band from Los Angeles , California formed in 1985 .
The Vegan Awareness Foundation , also known as Vegan Action , is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization ( FIN # 94 - 3224024 ) in Virginia , United States and founded in 1995 .
The police district was created in 2003 as a merger between the former Rogaland Police District and Stavanger Police District .
In 2006 , TakeLessons was launched to connect music and voice instructors with students .
The Springfield Armory , located in the city of Springfield , Massachusetts , was the primary center for the manufacture of U.S. military firearms from 1777 until its closing in 1968 .
Excelsior Editions is a trade imprint of SUNY Press that was started in 2008 .
The Hours of Maria d'Harcourt is an illuminated book of hours produced in 1415 in the German - Dutch border area of Guelders .
Scotts LawnService was founded in 1998 with the acquisition of Emerald Green Lawn Care .
Cinéaste One film organization was formed in 2012 after Rumman Zia 's `` Cinema 101 '' workshops became a regular feature of Alliance Francaise de Karachi ( AFK ) cultural activities .
The GB Amateur Boxing Championships is an amateur boxing tournament , founded in 2010 , in which boxers from England , Scotland and Wales compete over a two - day period .
Darren Hayman & the Secondary Modern ( 2007 , Track & Field ) Pram Town ( 2009 , Track & Field ) Essex Arms ( 2010 , Fortuna Pop ! )
Seventh Rule Recordings is a record label based in Portland , Oregon that formed in 2003 to release underground metal and noise rock .
The Wightman Cup was an annual team tennis competition for women contested from 1923 through 1989 ( except during World War II ) between teams from the United States and Great Britain .
The TV Guide Award was revived 1999 - -2001 .
The Islamic International Arab Bank was established in the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as a public shareholding company in accordance with the companies Law of 1989 and the company was registered in the Register of Public Shareholding companies under No . 327 on 30 March 1997 .
In 1998 , these activities were transferred to the newly founded SolarWorld AG , which went public on 11 August 1999 .
The Hargeisa Provincial Museum ( HPM ) was established in 1977 in Hargeisa , situated in the northwestern Woqooyi Galbeed province in Somalia .
Da Afghanistan Bank ( DAB ) is one of the leading & government recognized bank of Afghanistan which was established in 1939 .
My Combat Channel was founded in late 2011 by Fabiano Iha , a prize - winning Martial Arts champion .
Universal Genève SA is a Swiss luxury watch company , founded in 1894 as `` Universal Watch '' .
Create International was formed in 1987 and now has centers in Australia , India , Thailand , Taiwan , and the United States .
Arcade Records was a British record company specialised in multi - artist compilation albums ( often in the midprice or budget price ranges ) , founded in 1972 .
Top Cats is a Swedish rockabilly band formed in 2001 .
Bad Blue Boys ( BBB ) were originally founded on 17 March 1986 in Split ( Croatia ) , with members from different areas of Zagreb .
It was incorporated in 1995 as Welspun Gujarat Stahl Rohren Ltd. It was renamed from Welspun Gujarat Stahl Rohren Ltd to Welspun Corp Ltd.
The Breaka Burleigh Pro is a surfing competition which has been held annually since 2010 in February at Burleigh Heads , Queensland , Australia .
Angizia is an avant - garde gothic / folk metal band formed in Austria in 1994 by Michael Haas ( also known as Engelke ) .
The first Souplantation opened in 1978 in San Diego , California , where the company is headquartered .
Arc Dream Publishing is a small role - playing game publishing company founded in 2002 by Pagan Publishing veteran Dennis Detwiller and editor Shane Ivey after the release of their first roleplaying game Godlike :
On 21 December 1991 , Laughing Bird Caye National Park was declared .
The Greenspond Historical Society and Archives , in Greenspond , Newfoundland and Labrador , began in April 1994 with the publication of the first issue of The Greenspond Letter .
KVOB started as KQNS - FM in September 1988 , then located on 95.9 FM with an ERP of 1.3 kW.
Alitalia CityLiner was founded as Air One CityLiner S.p . A. in June 2006 , as a subsidiary of Air One , with a brand new fleet of 10 Bombardier CRJ-900 's .
Hotel of the Laughing Tree is a Long Island based Indie Rock band that was formed in 2009 .
BBPR was an architectural partnership founded in Milan , Italy in 1932 .
The Holiday Cup is a water polo competition held in the United States since 1998 .
The True Church of Jesus Christ ( Cutlerite ) was a small Latter Day Saint faction which split from the Church of Jesus Christ ( Cutlerite ) in 1953 under its founder , Clyde Fletcher , and continued to exist until Fletcher 's death in 1969 .
The National Museum of Surveying was originally the Michigan Museum of Surveying , but in 2007 , the museum moved to Springfield , Illinois to become a national museum .
Loening Aeronautical Engineering Corporation was founded 1917 by Grover Loening and produced early aircraft and amphibious aircraft from 1917 .
INAC Kobe Leonessa is a Japanese football club from Kobe , founded in 2001 .
Talentvision TV is the first Mandarin channel in Canada and it first went on the air in 1993 ( together with Fairchild TV ) .
The immediate predecessor of the Yabloko party was the electoral cartel Yavlinsky - Boldyrev - Lukin , formed for the legislative elections of 1993 .
Zechs Marquise was an American psychedelic rock band , formed in El Paso , Texas in 2003 .
The Museum of New Art , better known as MONA is the first popup museum , founded in 1996 and run by artists since then .
Al Wifaq was established in February 1956 and stopped its activities the same year following the removal of the Jewish minister of Telegraphs ( Dr. Benzaquen ) and the sudden prohibition on Jewish emigration to Israel .
When under the regency of William I of Prussia from 1858 the Prussian policies of the `` new era '' turned towards a more centrist stance , a left - wing group under Max von Forckenbeck seceded and allied with members of the German National Association to form the `` German Progress Party '' on 6 June 1861 .
The Islamic Front for the Liberation of Bahrain ( Arabic : الجبهة الإسلامية لتحرير البحرين ) was a Shia islamist militant group that advocated theocratic rule in Bahrain from 1981 to the 1990s .
The society was founded in 1836 as the Numismatic Society of London and received the title `` Royal Numismatic Society '' from Edward VII by Royal Charter in 1904 .
On August 1 , 2007 , at 5:00 a.m. CKOT 1510 made its move to 107.3 FM with the call letters CJDL - FM , to simulcast the AM 1510 signal .
In 1994 , the venture was incorporated as Shuanghui Group .
Zee News is an Indian news and current affairs channel founded in 1999 and is the flagship property of Zee Media Corporation company and a subsidiary of Essel Group .
DNW&P was placed in receivership on May 2 , 1912 , and on April 30 , 1913 , was reformed as the Denver and Salt Lake Railroad , and finally the Denver and Salt Lake Railway ( reporting mark D&SL ) in 1926 .
Fall Out Boy is an American rock band formed in Wilmette , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago , in 2001 .
The University of Wales Press ( Welsh : Gwasg Prifysgol Cymru ) was founded in 1922 as a central service of the University of Wales .
Weird War was initially formed as an umbrella organization in 2001 to encompass disparate anti - authoritarian groups and to `` challenge the idiocy of the new epoch . ''
Betty Rides was founded in 1993 by designer and women 's snowboard apparel industry pioneer , Janet Freeman .
The company was formed under the name of ZIP Express and Logistics LLC in 2010 and was later rebranded as Parzel Express and Logistics LLC when it underwent a merger in 2011 .
The Panoramique des Dômes is a 5.2 km long rack railway that allows access to the top of the Puy de Dôme , in France , since mid-2012 .
The Sentencing Guidelines Council was a non - departmental public body of the United Kingdom government , created by s.167 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 .
The station was assigned the WCSE - LP call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on November 21 , 2002 .
Guerilla Welfare was active between 1986 through to 1995 , when Ruptash relocated to Chicago .
National Zoological Gardens of Sri Lanka ( also called Colombo Zoo or Dehiwala Zoo ) is a zoological garden in Dehiwala , Sri Lanka , founded in 1936 .
Maloti - Drakensberg Park was established on 11 June 2001 by linking the Sehlabathebe National Park in the Kingdom of Lesotho and the uKhahlamba Drakensberg Park in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Percept Picture Company is an Indian film production company , established in 2002 and a division of Percept Limited , an entertainment , media and communications company based in Mumbai .
The first Libre Graphics Meeting was held in March 2006 .
Established in November 2004 as Gulf Finance House Commercial Bank with a paid - up capital of BD 30 million , Khaleeji Commercial Bank is a niche Islamic private bank , headquartered in the Kingdom of Bahrain and operating under a commercial banking licence granted by the Bahrain Monetary Agency .
When CocoWalk opened in November , 1990 , AMC Cocowalk 16 Theaters was the center 's first and only anchor .
Founded in 1991 by Jean - Francois Ott , Ott bought his first hotel , the Mamaison Hotel Andrassy in Budapest , in 1999 .
The South West Peninsula League is a league of football clubs in England , which was formed in 2007 from the merger of the Devon County League and the South Western League .
PMTair was founded on 14 January 2003 and was owned by Progress Multitrade Co. , Ltd. A certificate of airworthiness was issued by Cambodian Civil Aviation Authority on October 14 , 2003 .
In April 2010 , Simplilearn introduced a `` blended model '' approach to Project Management Professional ( PMP ) training , which employed a mixture of classroom and online training .
Abigail 's Ghost are an American rock band formed by former Berklee College of Music students , Kenneth Wilson and Joshua Theriot in 2003 .
Delta Psi Epsilon was founded on January 16 , 1999 , by Founders Carla Griffith , Vila - Sheree Watson and Nicole Gardner .
Former Muslims United ( sometimes abbreviated as FMU ) is a group formed in October 2009 in the United States which seeks to protect former Muslims from persecution by those Muslims who believe that Sharia ( Muslim religious law ) requires such persecution .
The club was founded again on July 3 , 2002 as Sociedade Esportiva Unaí Itapuã .
The Liberal Unionist Party was a British political party that was formed in 1886 by a faction that broke away from the Liberal Party .
Three Fish was an American rock band formed in 1994 by Pearl Jam 's Jeff Ament .
Cendana Education Foundation ( Cendana for short ) was established in 1958 by some of Indonesian employees of PT Caltex Pacific Indonesia in Rumbai District .
Mathieu Gendreau and Pieter Van Dessel met at University of Westminster in London in 2000 and formed Plastic Operator in 2001 .
The town of Taunusstein came into being on 1 October 1971 through the merger of the formerly self - governing communities of Bleidenstadt , Hahn , Neuhof , Seitzenhahn , Watzhahn and Wehen , whereupon Taunusstein was also given town rights .
FC Smena - Zenit ( Russian : ФК `` Смена-Зенит '' ) was a Russian football club from Saint Petersburg , founded in 2008 .
The Marsh Ecology Award is a prize awarded annually from 1996 onwards to recognise outstanding recent discovery or development which has had a significant impact on the development of the science of ecology or its application .
Swell Daze is an American alternative rock band from Northern Virginia that was formed in 2011 .
BAE Batterien GmbH is a producer of lead acid batteries for automotive and industrial applications and is headquartered in Germany since 1899 .
W. Haywood Burns Institute ( BI ) was founded in 2001 in San Francisco , CA , by James Bell , an attorney who represented incarcerated youth for 20 years .
An independent museum , the Twickenham Museum is run by a registered charity that was first registered in 1993 .
Vio - lence was an American thrash metal band formed in 1985 in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Chasing Gravity are a rock band from Brisbane , Australia , formed in 2003 as Elephant Mojo .
Genesis Gaming Solutions is a United States casino gaming company founded in 1999 and headquartered in Spring , Texas .
There was no open - age league in North Wales in 2011 ; but the North Wales Conference got off the ground in 2012 .
The Royal Division of the Aachen - Düsseldorf - Ruhrort Railway ( German : Königliche Direction der Aachen - Düsseldorf - Ruhrorter Eisenbahn ) was a railway division controlled by the Prussian government that was founded in 1850 and taken over by the Bergisch - Märkische Railway Company in 1862 .
For the 2009 - 10 season , the Tasmanian Roar have a naming rights sponsorship deal with local Tasmanian bakery chain Cripps Nubake .
The Canadian Medical Hall of Fame is a Canadian charitable organization , founded in 1994 , that honours Canadians who have contributed to the understanding of disease and improving the health of people .
Voxant was a privately held company which was founded in 2004 by investors from Longworth Venture Partners of Waltham , Massachusetts .
The Prisoner of War Medal is a military award of the United States armed forces which was authorized by Congress and signed into law by President Ronald Reagan on 8 November 1985 .
Pictorialism in Canada initially centered on Sidney Carter ( 1880 - -1956 ) , the first of his countrymen to be elected to the Photo - Secession .
The County Championship Plate , also known as Bill Beaumont Division 2 , was formed in 2005 as the County Championship Shield ( a competition which is now played by tier 3 sides ) - changing to its current name by 2010 .
In September 2013 , Databricks announced that it had raised $ 13.9 million from Andreessen Horowitz and said it aimed to offer an alternative to Google 's MapReduce system .
The Hong Kong Council of Social Service ( HKCSS ) ( Chinese : 香港社會服務聯會﹝簡稱社聯﹞ ) is a council co - ordinating NGOs in the social service field in Hong Kong , established in 1947 .
ATN Punjabi 5 originally launched on September 15 , 2010 as ATN JUS Punjabi , in partnership with American - Punjabi broadcaster JUS Punjabi .
The San Francisco Silent Film Festival is a film festival first held in 1996 and presented annually at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco , California , USA .
Idiots of Ants formed in November 2006 and went on to perform and sell - out at the Edinburgh Festival in 2007 .
WVXF signed on in 1999 as a CBS affiliate .
The Texas League Hall of Fame was started in 2004 to honor the stars of the double - A Texas League .
Reymersholms IK is a sports club located in Stockholm and was founded on 1 September 1899 .
The Research Turtles , also known as The Flamethrowers , is an indie music group from Louisiana who are known for southern rock Brit pop . They were formed in 2004 and have toured as both The Research Turtles and The Flamethrowers .
The Ray Miron President 's Cup has been awarded to teams from 2002 until 2014 , when the league joined the ECHL .
Audiotistic Music Festival is a music festival that occurred annually from 1997 to 2003 , and from 2009 to 2011 .
Jonathan Cape was a London publishing firm founded in 1921 by Herbert Jonathan Cape .
Royalmont Academy was founded in Cincinnati 's Oakley neighborhood in 1996 .
The Homestead Harmonizers is a chorus created in response to a charter to operate a barbershop chorus in Beatrice , Nebraska issued on December 12 , 1988 by the Society for the Preservation and Encouragement of Barber Shop Quartet Singing in America , Inc ..
The Institute of Parliamentary and Political Law is a Canadian not - for - profit corporation , founded in February 2008 .
The Students ' Federation of India ( SFI ) is an independent student organisation in India , founded in 1970 .
Alamaailman Vasarat ( translated : `` The Hammers of the Underworld '' ) is an avant - garde Finnish musical group formed in 1997 .
The Golden Disk Awards ( Hangul : 골든 디스크 어워드 ) is an awards show founded in 1986 that is presented annually by the Music Industry Association of Korea for outstanding achievements in the music industry in South Korea .
The 11th U - boat Flotilla ( German 11 . Unterseebootsflottille ) was formed on 15 May 1942 in Bergen , Norway .
Orange Recordings is a record label that started in Chicago in 1997 .
In 2005 , Mandate Pictures was officially formed when the Los Angeles -- based Senator International completed a management buyout from German indie giant Senator Entertainment AG . Joe Drake , Brian Goldsmith and Nathan Kahane became the sole proprietors of Mandate Pictures .
Unchain is a Japanese rock band formed in Kyotango , Kyoto , in 1996 .
Meteorological Service of New Zealand Limited ( MetService ) was established as a state - owned enterprise in 1992 .
TinyCo was co - founded by Suli Ali and Ian Spivey in 2009 .
The Triad Foundation is a nonprofit foundation formed in 2003 as a spin - off of the Park Foundation .
Kids Love Lies were a London pop punk band from November 2007 to July 2010 .
TOCHKA.net is a horizontal portal developed in 2009 by Digital Ventures company , which is a part of System Capital Management Group .
Little Brazil is a four - piece rock band that formed in 2002 in Omaha , Nebraska .
The Autoworker Caravan started in December 2008 as a grass roots effort by auto workers to lobby Congress during the 2008 - 2009 auto - bailout proceedings on Capitol Hill .
Virgin Galactic was founded in 2004 by British entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson , who had previously founded Virgin Atlantic airline and the Virgin Group , and who had a long personal history of balloon and surface record - breaking activities .
VC Recordings trading as Hut Records was a British record label brand which was started in 1990 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Virgin Records .
Founded in France in 1997 by its Polish - born president Michel Adam Lisowski , FashionTV is a widely distributed satellite channels in the world with 31 satellite and 2,000 cable systems .
The Sea Urchins were an indie pop band from West Bromwich , England formed in 1986 .
The Southwestern Krai consisting of three gubernias , the Volhynia , the Podolia and the Kiev Governorate , was supposedly incepted on January 22 , 1832 when Vasily Levashov , was appointed the Military Governor of Kiev and the General Governor of Podolia and Volhynia .
Coyle Field ( FAA LID : NJ20 ) is a private - use airport established in 1938 and located five miles southeast of Chatsworth in Burlington County , New Jersey in the United States .
Sosialdemokrater mot EU was active in 1993 and 1994 , around the Norwegian European Union membership referendum , 1994 where a majority rejected the membership .
The Alberta Greens were formed in 1986 and received official party status on April 6 , 1990 .
Cine - Excess was originally part of the 2007 Sci - Fi - London film festival and was spun off in 2008 due to its popularity .
Middle Finger Salute began in 2005 by four friends aged 13 and 15 playing in a punk band .
Basutoland was a British Crown colony established in 1884 due to the Cape Colony 's inability to control the territory .
The original Ahdut HaAvoda party was founded in Palestine in March 1919 , while under British military administration , after a split in the Poale Zion party , which had established a branch in Ottoman Syria in 1906 .
Nirvana 2002 was a Swedish death metal band active between 1988 and 1991 .
The Kevin Kline Awards were started in 2006 , to recognize outstanding achievement in professional theatre in the Greater St. Louis area .
Established in 1978 as the National Neurofibromatosis Foundation by Lynne Ann Courtemanche , RN , neurologist Allen E. Rubenstein , MD and Joel S. Hirschtritt , Esq . , the organization changed its name to Children 's Tumor Foundation in 2005 .
Price Busters TV was an unsuccessful shopping channel in United Kingdom launched by entrepreneur Mark Klein in July 2006 .
I - GO was established in 2002 by the Center for Neighborhood Technology as an independent 501(c)(3 ) not - for - profit organization dedicated to creating and implementing new strategies that make urban communities more livable and environmentally sustainable .
The Prix de Rome ( pronounced : ( pʁi də ʁɔm ) ) was a French scholarship for arts students , initially for painters and sculptors , that was established in 1663 during the reign of Louis XIV of France .
The Camerawalls is an indie pop band based in Manila , Philippines formed in 2007 by singer and guitarist Clementine , the main songwriter of the band and formerly of Orange and Lemons .
Avolar began operations on 7 September 2005 with a single Boeing 737 - 500 aircraft .
Matthews , Wright & King was an American country music group formed in 1991 .
The Simon Wiesenthal Center ( often abbreviated SWC ) , with headquarters in Los Angeles , California , United States , was established in 1977 and named for Nazi hunter Simon Wiesenthal .
At the third , held in Dharamsala in 1990 , it was decided that in order to organize and fund further dialogues and potential research programmes Mind and Life Institute ( MLI ) should be incorporated as a non - profit organisation in the USA .
Founded in London in 2011 , the Hailo taxi service is available in 16 cities ( as of December 2013 ) .
The Historical Association is a membership organisation founded in 1906 and based in London , England .
El sitio is a Latin internet portal founded in 1997 , by Roberto Vivo - Chaneton and Roberto Cibrian - Campoy .
The Life Channel was approved for broadcast by the CRTC on 14 March 1985 following licensing hearings on 5 February 1985 .
On 6 December 2007 , Odyssey Moon was the first team to register for the Google Lunar X Prize competition , an event that hopes to rekindle the efforts of humans to return to the moon .
ScriptLogic , founded in 1997 , initially made a user desktop configuration management tool for network administrators .
Thomas Built Buses , Inc. was incorporated in 1972 as the successor to Perley A. Thomas Car Works .
Asematunneli was built by digging up Kaivokatu and pouring concrete canopies for the tunnels in 1966 - -1967 .
Established at Duke University ( North Carolina , United States ) in 1987 , the International Commission for Central American Recovery and Development ( ICCARD ) was a task force composed of thirty - three scholars and leaders ( Ford Foundation 1988 : 155 ) .
1987 - On November 1 , 12Stone Church was founded as Crossroads Community Church by Kevin Myers , his wife Marcia , and three other couples that relocated from Michigan to Greater Gwinnett County to plant a church that would be relevant , fun , challenging and impacting for generations .
The Movement of Democratic Socialists ( Greek : Κίνημα Δημοκρατών Σοσιαλιστών , Kinima Dimokraton Sosialiston ) is a political party in Greece established on 3 January 2015 by George Papandreou after splitting from the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) .
The first Teremok opened in 1998 in a street kiosk in Moscow .
Holidays in Greece TV launched in the fall of 2004 .
Casalini is an Italian company founded by Giovanni Casalini in 1939 that makes mopeds and microcars .
From 1997 to 1999 , The Sandfleas occasionally performed as a live band almost exclusively as an opening act for The Aquabats , fronted by Aquabats creative consultant and GOGO13 singer Parker Jacobs and filled out by a rotating roster of former and present Aquabats members .
Sovereign Trains is a rolling stock operating company ( ROSCO ) formed in 2007 as part of the same group as Grand Central .
Raid De Himalaya is a motorsport started in 1999 .
Stop Hate UK started life in 1995 as Leeds Racial Harassment Project , a service for victims of racial harassment .
Fight the New Drug ( FTND ) is an American anti - pornography 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit organization founded in 2009 .
The London Wildcats were a Colonial Hockey League team from 1994 - 1995 which played in London , Ontario .
The Moving Museum is an independent and non - political organization founded by Aya Mousawi and Simon Sakhai in 2012 ; a registered Community Interest Company ( CIC ) in England and Wales .
The Intercontinental Church of God ( ICG ) is a seventh - day Sabbatarian Christian church currently headquartered in Tyler , Texas , USA , which was founded by Garner Ted Armstrong ( 1930 - 2003 ) in 1998 .
Conifer High School opened in the fall of 1996 to serve students in the southern portion of what had previously been Evergreen High School 's matriculation area .
Slackwax is a German musical duo of electronic music formed in 2005 and made up of Bernd Batke and Peter Hoppe .
Medair 's statutes were registered in 1989 with the Registre du Commerce of the state of Vaud , Switzerland .
The Miranda Camera Company , originally named the Orion Camera Company , manufactured cameras in Japan between 1955 and 1978 .
The Community of Jesus ' Compassion ( CJC ) is an Anglican religious order founded in 1993 , and located near Pietermaritzburg , South Africa in the Diocese of Natal of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa .
Since 1995 Duff House has been part of the National Galleries of Scotland and houses a range of art treasures and superbly furnished rooms .
Gugun Blues Shelter , or Gugun and The Blues Shelter ( often abbreviated as GBS ) , or Gugun Power Trio ( for US and Europe Market ) is an Indonesian blues band , formed in Jakarta , Indonesia , in 2004 .
Shanghai Singapore International School ( simplified Chinese : 上海新加坡国际学校 ; traditional Chinese : 上海新加坡國際學校 ; pinyin : Shànghǎi Xīnjiāpō Guójì Xuéxiào ) is a K-12 private , international school founded in 1996 in Shanghai , China .
Founded in 1996 by Thomas V. Ward & James Quinn , Breeze Publications began -- at first , produced in Ward 's living room -- with its flagship title , The Valley Breeze , which later grew to two editions .
Two Pesos was started in 1985 by Houston restaurateur Marno McDermot , who had been in negotiations with Taco Cabana 's management to take the patio - restaurant chain nationwide .
The Anglican Diocese of the Great Lakes was formed in 1998 by the bishops of the Independent Anglican Diocese of Ontario and the Missionary District of the USA , along with priests and deacons formerly belonging to the Independent Anglican Church ( Canada Synod ) .
The Description de l'Égypte ( English : Description of Egypt ) was a series of publications , appearing first in 1809 and continuing until the final volume appeared in 1829 , which offered a comprehensive scientific description of ancient and modern Egypt as well as its natural history .
Established in 1997 as a production company , Apprehensive Films ' main focus was low - budget Grindhouse - inspired films shot in Super 8 mm film and 16 mm film .
The company was founded by Central Group in 1993 and the First Big C opened on Chaengwattana Road in Bangkok in 1994 .
Tdsoft is an Israeli company , founded in 1994 by Yosi Albagli , Arie Shaham and Eytan Radian , together with Teledata Communications .
Black Alien & Speed was an independent Brazilian Hip hop duo active between 1993 and 2001 .
The Sylvia Fedoruk Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation ( Fedoruk Centre ) is an institute located in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada that was established by the University of Saskatchewan in 2011 as the Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation ( CCNI ) .
The Nikon F-301 ( sold in the United States as the N2000 ) is a manual focus , autoexposure , auto film loading and advancing 35 mm SLR camera that was sold by the Nikon Corporation beginning in 1985 .
Ballarat Wildlife Park is an interactive wildlife park situated in Ballarat , Australia which was opened by Greg Parker in 1987 .
They came together formally as The Indecent in the summer of 2008 , originally under the aegis of producers Stuart Chatwood ( of the Tea Party ) and musician and former record executive Tim Sommer ( who played with Hugo Largo and the Glenn Branca Ensemble , and worked closely with Hootie & the Blowfish ) .
Started in 2008 , the Singapore River Festival is a week - long festival in Singapore that features performances and parades in Clarke Quay , Boat Quay , Empress Place and Robertson Quay along the Singapore River .
It was founded in 1954 in accordance with The Korea Development Bank Act to finance and manage major industrial projects to expedite industrial development and enhance the national economy .
GeminiJets is a die - cast model airplane manufacturer based in Las Vegas , Nevada , United States founded in 1998 .
International services were transferred to Myanmar Airways International , which was set up in 1993 .
Established in 1929 , the house of Mainbocher successfully operated in Paris ( 1929 - -1939 ) and then in New York ( 1940 - -1971 ) .
The Thessalian Radio Television , also known as TRT ( Thessaliki Radiophonia Tileorasi ) , was founded in 1989 .
The National Dairy Development Board ( NDDB ) was created in 1965 , fulfilling the desire of the then prime minister of India -- the late Lal Bahadur Shastri to extend the success of the Kaira Cooperative Milk Producers ' Union ( Amul ) to other parts of India .
Established in 1951 , the Badger Conference is a member of the WIAA .
The Kneissl Company was founded as a wheel factory in 1861 .
ABRS Management and Technology Institute is a Hong Kong based continuing education and training institute established in 1990 .
Stardock Corporation is a software development company founded in 1991 and incorporated in 1993 as Stardock Systems .
Chrome Entertainment is a record label and talent agency founded by Hwang Hyun - chang in 2011 , based in Seoul , South Korea .
Levi & Suiss ( a DJ supergroup consisting of Shlomi Levi and Aaron Suissa ) founded Joy Records in 2013 along with Adar Weinreb .
Lunatic Calm were an English electronic music group formed in 1996 .
Stereo MCs are a British hip hop / electronic dance group , which formed in Clapham , London , in 1985 .
Antonius Rex , is an Italian progressive rock band founded in 1974 in Milan by Antonio Bartoccetti .
Spheric Universe Experience is a band from France formed in 1999 who create progressive metal with symphonic elements .
The Pacific Mambo Orchestra was founded in 2010 by Mexican Pianist Christian Tumalan and German Trumpeter Steffen Kuehn , and is a 19-piece Latin Big Band orchestra that plays salsa , Latin Jazz , cha cha cha , bachata , and other Latin music .
Voces Thules is an Icelandic music ensemble formed in 1992 .
Ballet Magnificat ! is a professional Christian ballet company founded in Mississippi in 1986 and located in the state capital , Jackson .
Mu Epsilon Theta ( ΜΕΘ ) is a National Catholic Service Sorority that was officially recognized at the University of Texas in Austin , Texas on January 16 , 1987 .
Amanda Louise Marchant and Samantha Joanne Marchant ( born 26 June 1988 ) , better known as Samanda are a female duo , consisting of identical twin sisters who first came to fame on Big Brother in 2007 , in which they jointly achieved second place .
Studio B Productions was a Canadian animation studio founded in Vancouver , British Columbia in 1988 .
Emerson , Lake & Palmer were an English progressive rock supergroup formed in London in 1970 .
Polsat 2 International is a general - interest channel that launched on March 1 , 1997 and is owned by Polsat Group .
The Michaëlle Jean Foundation is an independent non - profit organization established by former Governor General of Canada Michaëlle Jean upon her retirement from that position in 2010 .
Named for an earlier convention known formally as the Mobile Comic Art and Science Fiction Festival , MOBICON was re - founded in 1998 and its membership has steadily grown since its inception .
Headkase are an Australian avant - garde metal band from Brisbane , Queensland , formed in 2001 .
The first official chapter of Chi Epsilon Pi was founded at the University of California , Los Angeles in 1951 .
The Uzbek Gymnasium traces its origins to the fall of 1999 when Jumaboy Boboyev , a geography teacher , opened classes for perceptive students in Isfana Secondary School .
JP / Politikens Hus was established on 1 January 2003 as a merger between Politikens Hus and Jyllands - Posten A / S , publishing companies of the major broadsheet newspapers Politiken and Jyllands - Posten , respectively .
The Louis - Jeantet Prize for Medicine is awarded annually ( starting in 1986 ) by the Louis - Jeantet Foundation to biomedical researchers in Europe ; the awards are made each April .
Stars Go Dim ( SGD ) is an American pop rock band from Tulsa , Oklahoma that formed in late 2007 .
Freak Kitchen is an experimental rock band from Gothenburg , Sweden , formed in 1992 .
LakeView Asset Management was founded by Scott Rothbort , in May 2002 .
Setherial is a Swedish black metal band founded in 1993 by guitarists Alastor Mysteriis and Devothan .
The Rochdale Society of Equitable Pioneers , founded in 1844 , was an early consumer co - operative , and one of the first to pay a patronage dividend , forming the basis for the modern co - operative movement .
Lux Helsinki was held for the first time in 2009 .
Number Nine Visual Technology Corporation was a manufacturer of video graphics chips and cards from 1982 to 1999 .
Tulipan was a Brisbane - based Hungarian fusion band who were active from 1993 to 2000 .
The first Viking Crown release was an EP recorded in 1994 titled Unorthodox Steps of Ritual which featured Phil , credited as Anton Crowley , on guitar , bass , drums and vocals .
The Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship was created on 1 January 1999 , as a result of the Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998 .
Bristol Ladies were founded as Clifton Ladies RFC in 1984 for what was intended as a one off match against Weston Hornets .
Forever 21 began as a 900 square foot store in Los Angeles in 1984 , and has grown to sell their clothing lines Forever 21 , XXI Forever , Love 21 , and Heritage in over 600 stores in the Americas , Asia , the Middle East , and the UK .
Rockapella is an American a cappella musical group formed in 1986 in New York City .
The Grammar School at Leeds ( GSAL ) is an independent fee - paying school in Leeds , England , created on 4 August 2005 from the merger of Leeds Grammar School ( founded c. 1552 ) and Leeds Girls ' High School ( co - founded in 1876 by Frances Lupton ) .
The Captaincy of São Vicente ( 1534 - -1709 ) was a land grant and colonial administration in the far southern part of the colonial Portuguese Empire in Colonial Brazil .
Friendly Fire Recordings is an independent record label based in Brooklyn , founded by Dan Koplowitz in 2004 .
Primondo is the holding company for all mail order brands of Arcandor AG . The mail order line of Arcandor AG ( previously KarstadtQuelle AG ) has been called `` Primondo '' since 1 March 2007 .
Bátonyterenye was created in 1984 by the unification of three villages ( Nagybátony , Kisterenye , Szúpatak ) .
First Transit was created in 1999 when FirstGroup acquired Ryder Public Transportation Services Inc. from Ryder .
Metropolis Video was a group of filmmakers and video makers who documented on video the early years of the punk rock music scene in New York City , from 1975 to 1977 .
Fox Sports Florida was launched on July 1 , 1987 as SportsChannel Florida .
Yebhi.com is an Indian Online shopping E - commerce portal for Home , Lifestyle & Fashion e - retailer , launched in the year 2009 .
The station changed call letters to the current WFXX on March 15 , 1999 .
Winkler then formed Asuragen from Ambion 's Molecular Diagnostics and Pharmacogenomic Service Divisions following the March 2006 sale of the Research Products Division of Ambion Inc. to the Applied Biosystems Group ( currently Life Technologies ) .
The British Science Association ( BSA ) is a charity and learned society founded in 1831 to aid in the promotion and development of science .
The Tooheys New Cup , or TNC , was a rugby union competition established by the New South Wales Rugby Union ( NSWRU ) in 2002 .
In 2007 architect Dominic Harris founded Cinimod Studio .
Elektronmusikstudion ( EMS ) , formerly known as Electroacoustic Music in Sweden , is the Swedish national centre for electronic music and sound art . The research organisation started in 1964 and is based in Stockholm .
The High Times Freedom Fighters was a marijuana legalization group started by High Times Editor - in - Chief Steven Hager in 1987 .
Founded in 2010 , Averroes High School is a college preparatory Islamic high school ( grades 9 - 12 ) in Fremont , California .
Chemists Without Borders was founded in 2004 by Bego Gerber and Steve Chambreau as a result of a letter that Gerber sent to the editor of Chemical and Engineering News in September 2004 .
The Italian Red Cross ( IRC , Italian : Croce Rossa Italiana or CRI ) is the Italian national Red Cross society that has its origin in the Comitato dell'Associazione Italiana per il soccorso ai feriti ed ai malati in guerra in Milan on June 15 , 1864 .
Eio Books is an American - based small press publishing house founded in 2004 in the city of Brattleboro , Vermont .
Telelogic was founded in 1983 as a research and development arm of Televerket , the Swedish department of telecom ( now part of TeliaSonera ) .
Invictus Gaming ( iG ) is a multi - game esports organization founded in 2011 in China .
Founded in 1983 , Molecular Devices introduced its first microplate reader in 1987 and since then has continually broadened its solution set through a combination of internal research and development efforts as well as strategic acquisitions .
In 1886 , Kandalakshskaya Volost restored when it was split from Kovdskaya Volost ; both volosts remained in Kemsky Uyezd .
The Friends of Cathedral Music was founded in 1956 by the Revd .
Festival of Jewish Culture in Warsaw -- `` Singer 's Warsaw '' is an annual celebration of Jewish culture that has been held in Warsaw since 2004 .
The San Francisco Estuary Partnership ( Partnership ) is one of the 28 National Estuary Programs created in the 1987 Amendments to the Clean Water Act .
The Silver Heart Club are a power pop and rock musical duo formed in 2007 by Bo Weber and Steven Price .
Frontier Flying Service was established in 1950 by retired Air Force Colonel Richard McIntyre , catering to Alaska bush communities as a scheduled mail carrier for Wien Air Alaska , as well as providing charters throughout Alaska .
The Singapore Airshow , formerly known as Changi International Airshow , is a biennial aerospace event held in Singapore starting from 2008 .
The United Nations Forest Hero Award was established in 2011 , the International Year of Forests , to recognise individuals who have devoted their lives to protecting forests .
ZJA Zwarts & Jansma Architects is a Dutch architectural practice founded by Moshé Zwarts and Rein Jansma in 1990 .
In Holmes County , Ohio the Andy Weaver Amish were formed in 1952 over the issue of shunning .
The Ministry of Sound Radio ( MoS ) began service as a UK - based radio station operating since 1999 .
Superleague Formula was an open wheel single seater motor racing formula , which started in 2008 , at Donington Park in the United Kingdom .
W Hotels was launched in 1998 with the W New York , a conversion of the old Doral Inn hotel at 541 Lexington Avenue in Manhattan .
The Market for Alternative Investment ( MAI or mai ) is a stock exchange of Thailand which was established by the Stock Exchange of Thailand ( SET ) in 1998 under the Securities Exchange of Thailand Act as an alternative stock market for small and medium - sized enterprises .
To emphasize the three channels ' connection , the name Yorin was replaced by RTL 7 on 12 August 2005 .
Extreme Reach was formed in 2008 by co - founders John Roland , Tim Conley , Daniel Brackett , and Patrick Hanavan .
Turkey 's house pioneer duo Neopol was founded by Ozan Ülke and Nilüfer Ülke in 2010 .
The Pie Face chain was founded in 2003 in Sydney .
Cajun Rollergirls or CRG , are a women 's flat - track roller derby league based in Houma , Louisiana , founded in 2008 .
The 2009 Hotel Carolina event was held September 25 and 26 .
Active Power was founded in 1992 as Magnetic Bearing Technologies , Inc. , where the company manufactured magnetic bearings for a variety of applications .
The League of God 's House ( German : Gotteshausbund , Italian : Lega Caddea , Romansh : Lia da la Chadé ) was formed in what is now Switzerland on January 29 , 1367 to resist the rising power of the Bishopric of Chur and the House of Habsburg .
In 1999 , both firms were partially privatized and merged to create a retail and refining company under the name PKN Orlen .
Lauder Business School ( LBS ) was founded in 2003 as a University of Applied Sciences with financial help from Ronald S. Lauder .
Fox Life Italy was launched in Italy on May 13 , 2004 , Portugal on May 19 , 2005 and in Bulgaria on September 8 , 2005 .
AudioCodes was established in 1993 in Israel and founded by Mr. Shabtai Adlersberg and Mr. Leon Bialik .
Finally , on 29 January 2003 , the Slovene Parliament passed the University of Primorska Charter .
A Photographer 's Gallery ( March 1955 -- 1957 ) , 48 West 85th Street , New York , founded and opened by Roy DeCarava , was an early effort to gain recognition for photography as an art form .
Pakistan Museum of Natural History , established in 1976 , is a public museum of natural history situated in Islamabad , the federal capital of Pakistan .
Rak Records is a British record label , founded by record producer Mickie Most in 1969 .
Moray Firth School was opened , in September 2002 , by Anni Cole - Hamilton , who was also its principal .
Survivors Fund ( or SURF ) , founded in 1997 , represents and supports survivors of the Rwandan genocide in the United Kingdom and Rwanda .
NewRiver Retail was incorporated on 1 September 2008 as a private limited company , and is headquartered at 37 Maddox Street , Mayfair , London , W1S 2PP .
American Standards is an American hardcore punk band from Phoenix , Arizona , formed in 2011 .
Gianni Versace S.p . A. ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈdʒanni verˈsaːtʃe ) ) , usually referred to as Versace , is an Italian fashion company and trade name founded by Gianni Versace in 1978 .
WBNX - TV first signed on the air on December 1 , 1985 , as a secular for - profit independent station .
Scandal'us ( or Scandal'Us ) were the winners of the Australian Popstars 2 in 2001 ( successors of Bardot , the winners of the first Australian Popstars in 2000 ) .
Cherryblossom is a Japanese rock band from Tokyo , who debuted in 2007 .
In 1929 , Greyhound Canada was founded as Canadian Greyhound Coaches , Limited , operating first in BC and then Alberta .
KidsCo was an international children 's entertainment brand founded by Canadian broadcaster Corus Entertainment 's Nelvana , American - based producer DIC Entertainment , and European broadcaster Sparrowhawk Media Group in April 2007 .
Former Nothing But Happiness and Crash guitarist Ralske started Ultra Vivid Scene in 1987 , was signed to 4AD Records in 1988 , and released his first UVS EP , She Screamed , in 1988 .
Einstürzende Neubauten ( , `` Collapsing New Buildings '' ) is a German industrial band , originally from West Berlin , formed in 1980 .
Nimbus Film was founded in 1993 by Birgitte Hald and Bo Ehrhardt , who today own the company .
The Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission ( also known as the Sov - Com ) , a state agency directed by the governor of Mississippi , operated from 1956 to 1977 .
KFRR signed on the air in 1992 under the call letters of KFCL , as Fresno 's first commercial classical music station .
Trailer Bridge was founded in 1991 by Malcom McLean , who is recognized in the industry as `` The Father of Containerization '' .
Computer.com was a short - lived dot - com company founded in 1999 .
The San Pietro Polyptych ( Italian : Polittico di San Pietro ) is a polyptych by Italian Renaissance master Perugino , painted around 1496 - -1500 .
Dual Plover is a pioneering independent Australian record label , founded in Sydney in 1996 , notable for discovering some of the most enigmatic artists in experimental music .
Big Japan Pro Wrestling ( BJW ) is a Japanese professional wrestling promotion established in 1995 .
The North Sea Commission is an international organization founded in 1989 .
Northeastern Bible College was founded by Charles W. Anderson and first opened in September , 1950 , as Brookdale Bible School , at the Brookdale Baptist Church in Bloomfield , New Jersey .
Cidade Negra ( Portuguese : Black City ) is a Brazilian reggae band formed in 1986 in Rio de Janeiro .
On his initiative the Thuringian federal government established the Stiftung Ettersberg , located in Weimar , as a foundation under civic law , which took up its work in spring 2002 by the appointment of the executive board and the advisory council of the foundation .
Biocon was founded in 1978 with ₹10,000 as the initial capital , failing to find any financial institution for investment .
GoEast is an International Film Festival which has been held annually in the Hessian state capital of Wiesbaden , Germany since its inception in 2001 .
Etisalat was founded in 1976 as a joint - stock company between International Aeradio Limited , a British Company , and local partners .
Necromance was a Christian gothic metal band from Spremberg , Germany , formed in 1987 , disbanded in 2002 .
Commonwealth Credit Union was founded on April 2 , 1951 with $ 2,700 in assets and 122 members .
Wigrid is an underground black metal project that was founded by Ulfhednir in 1998 .
The Empowering Spirits Foundation was established by A. Latham Staples in 2008 after the passage of Proposition 8 in California out of frustration as to how he thought LGBT rights organizations were approaching the gay rights issue .
The Ankara Metro , has been operating since 29 December 1997 , with the opening of its first full metro line , M1 , traveling between Kızılay , the city center , and Batıkent .
The Party of Reform and Development ( PRD ) ( Arabic : حزب الاصلاح والتنمية Hizb Al - Islah Wal - Tanmiyah ) is a political party in Libya , that was founded on 10 January 2012 in Benghazi .
Ant - Zen Audio and Visual Arts is a German independent record label founded in 1994 by Stefan Alt ( aka recording artist S.Alt ) , who serves as the art director .
Dagö was formed in 1998 by Lauri Saatpalu , Peeter Rebane and Tiit Kikas .
Pueblo a Pueblo is a 501(c ) organization launched in 2001 to provide educational opportunities for children in rural Mayan communities in Guatemala .
The Wichita Falls Spudders were a minor league baseball team that formed in 1920 and played its last game in 1957 .
The Webb Brothers are a rock band from Chicago , Illinois , who formed in 1998 .
The State of Thuringia was restored with slightly altered borders during Germany 's reunification in 1990 .
The Carter Family was a traditional American folk music group that recorded between 1927 and 1956 .
USAA was founded in 1922 by a group of U.S. Army officers as a mechanism for mutual self - insurance when they were unable to secure auto insurance because of the perception that they , as military officers , were a high - risk group .
Originally formed in 1931 as Sakaryaspor , the club changed its name to Manisaspor on 15 June 1965 .
Salmon Air is a former commuter airline based in Salmon , Idaho , United States which was established in 1968 .
The Nationalist Party of Cantabria ( Spanish : Partido Nacionalista de Cantabria , PNC ) was a political party with a nationalist and conservative ideology active in Cantabria between 1988 and the mid 90s .
Founded in Atlanta , Georgia in 1984 , Lauren Engineers & Constructors started as a small specialty non - union contractor and subsidiary of Comstock Mechanical .
The Melbourne Science Fiction Club Inc. ( Also known as the M.S.F.C. or colloquially `` the club '' ) was founded in May 1952 by Race Mathews and others .
The Oxford Imps formed in 2003 , and it is a debated subject as to whether they are Oxford University 's first improvisational comedy troupe .
Founded in 1984 , the Netaji Subhash High Altitude Training Centre was established by Sports Authority of India .
Specifically , in 1993 Pfizer transferred the ownership of its Bangladesh operations to local shareholders , and the name of the company was changed to Renata Limited .
Thomas de Leu or Leeuw or Le Leup or Deleu ( 1560 - -1612 ) was a French engraver , publisher , and print dealer of Flemish origin .
Micha Ullman ( Hebrew : מיכה אולמן‎ , born 1939 ) is an Israeli sculptor and professor of art .
Jean Gimpel ( 10 October 1918 -- 15 June 1996 ) was a French historian and medievalist .
Jacques Copeau (; February 4 , 1879 -- October 20 , 1949 ) was an influential French theatre director , producer , actor , and dramatist born in Paris .
Henri Fantin - Latour ( 14 January 1836 -- 25 August 1904 ) was a French painter and lithographer best known for his flower paintings and group portraits of Parisian artists and writers .
Ventura Pons Sala ( Catalan pronunciation : ( bənˈtuɾə ˈpɔns ) ) ( born 25 July 1945 , in Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a Catalan movie director .
Can Dündar ( born 16 June 1961 in Ankara ) is a Turkish journalist , columnist and documentarian .
Maria Elena Boschi ( Italian pronunciation : ( maˈriːa ˈɛːlena ˈbɔski ) ; born 24 January 1981 ) is an Italian lawyer and politician .
George Topîrceanu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈd͡ʒe̯ord͡ʒe topɨrˈt͡ʃanu ) ; March 20 , 1886 -- May 7 , 1937 ) was a Romanian poet , short story writer , and humourist .
María de Lourdes Rojo e Incháustegui , commonly known as María Rojo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maˈɾi.a ˈroxo ) ; Mexico City , August 15 , 1943 ) , is a Mexican actress and politician .
Ángel Iturriaga Barco ( Logroño , 1974 ) is a Spanish writer and historian , author of the Diccionario de jugadores del FC Barcelona ( 2010 ) , the Diccionario de técnicos y directivos del FC Barcelona ( 2011 ) and the Diccionario de jugadores de la selección española de fútbol ( 2013 ) .
Theodor Fontane ( German : ( ˈtʰeːodoɐ̯ fɔnˈtaːnə ) ; 30 December 1819 -- 20 September 1898 ) was a German novelist and poet , regarded by many as the most important 19th - century German - language realist writer .
Maurice Duhamel ( 23 February 1884 -- 5 February 1940 ) was the pen - name of Maurice Bourgeaux , a Breton musician , writer and activist who was a leading figure in Breton nationalism and federalist politics in the years before World War II .
Louis Cotte ( 20 November 1740 -- 4 October 1815 ) was a French meteorologist .
Juan de Mena ( 1411 - -1456 ) was one of the most significant Spanish poets of the fifteenth century .
Abbé Jean Michel Gandoger ( 10 May 1850 - -4 October 1926 ) , was a French botanist and mycologist .
Julián Besteiro Fernández ( 21 September 1870 -- 27 September 1940 ) was a Spanish socialist politician , elected to the Cortes Generales and in 1931 as Speaker of the Constituent Cortes of the Spanish Republic .
Karthika Adaikalam ( born May 3 , 1991 ) , better known mononymously as Karthika , is a Tamil film actress , who has appeared in Tamil films .
Thomas Bewick ( c. 11 August 1753 -- 8 November 1828 ) was an English engraver and natural history author .
Cornelis Jacobus Langenhoven ( 13 August 1873 -- 15 July 1932 ) , who wrote under the pen name C.J. Langenhoven , was a South African poet who played a major role in the development of Afrikaans literature and cultural history .
Sir William Fothergill Cooke ( 4 May 1806 -- 25 June 1879 ) was an English inventor .
Giuseppe Sinopoli ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈzɛppe siˈnɔːpoli ) ; 2 November 1946 -- 20 April 2001 ) was an Italian conductor and composer .
Zenon Klemensiewicz ( 1891 in Tarnów -- 1969 ) was a Polish linguist , specialist on the Polish language , professor of the Jagiellonian University .
Henri Skoda ( born 1945 ) is a French mathematician , specializing in the analysis of several complex variables .
Gerhard Taschner ( 25 May 1922 -- 21 July 1976 ) was a noted German violinist and teacher .
Ajmal Ameer is an Indian film actor , who works in the Malayalam , Tamil , and Telugu film industries .
Georges Boudarel ( 21 December 1926 -- 26 December 2003 ) was a French academic and Communist militant .
Rudolf Hermann Lotze ( German : ( ˈlɔtsə ) ; 21 May 1817 -- 1 July 1881 ) was a German philosopher and logician .
Prince Cecil is an Indian film actor who has appeared predominantly in Telugu language films .
Emilio Aragón Álvarez ( born 1959 ) , is a Spanish director , musician , actor , presenter and producer .
Bhargavaram Viththal Varerkar ( Marathi : भार्गवराम विठ्ठल वरेरकर ) ( 1883 - 1964 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Laura Mintegi Lakarra ( born October 26 , 1955 ) is a Basque author , politician and a professor at the University of the Basque Country .
Marie Anne Isler Béguin ( born on 30 June 1956 in Boulay - Moselle ) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the East of France .
Natalie Portman ( born Neta - Lee Hershlag ; Hebrew : נטע - לי הרשלג‎ ; June 9 , 1981 ) is an actress , film producer and film director with dual American and Israeli citizenship .
Hyginus Gromaticus ( Gromaticus from groma , a surveying device ) was a Latin writer on land - surveying , who flourished in the reign of Trajan ( AD 98 - -117 ) .
Silvian Iosifescu ( 21 January 1917 - May 2006 ) was a literary critic , educator , translator and Romanian literature professor at the Faculty of Letters , University of Bucharest .
Dominik Moll ( born 7 May 1962 ) is a German born French film director and screenwriter .
Pedro Menéndez de Avilés ( 15 February 1519 -- 17 September 1574 ) was a Spanish admiral and explorer from the region of Asturias , Spain , who is remembered for planning the first regular trans - oceanic convoys and for founding St. Augustine , Florida , in 1565 .
Jean - Michel Frank ( 28 February 1895 -- 1941 ) was a French interior designer known for minimalist interiors decorated with plain - lined but sumptuous furniture made of luxury materials , such as shagreen , mica , and intricate straw marquetry .
Paul Foulquié ( 16 March 1893 -- 6 September 1983 ) was a French thinker and philosopher known for his books on metaphysics , epistemology , existentialism and psychology .
Kim Jae - young ( born November 1966 ) ( Hangul : 김재영 ) is a South Korean writer and professor .
Aloys Fischer ( 10 April 1880 -- 23 November 1937 ) was a German educationalist and statistician .
Antonio Hernando Vera ( born November 4 , 1967 ) is a Spanish attorney and politician and the spokesperson for the Socialist Group in the Spanish Congress of Deputies , where he represents the Province of Madrid .
Sreelekha Mitra ( Bengali : শ্রীলেখা মিত্র ) is a Bengali Indian actress of TV and films .
Takashi Shimizu ( 清水 崇 Shimizu Takashi , born 27 July 1972 ) is a Japanese filmmaker .
Alfred Henry Huth ( 1850 - -1910 ) was an English bibliophile .
Antonio Blázquez y Delgado - Aguilera ( 1859 - February 14 , 1950 ) was a Spanish geographer , historian and bibliographer .
Bruno de Finetti ( 13 June 1906 -- 20 July 1985 ) was an Italian probabilist , statistician and actuary , noted for the `` operational subjective '' conception of probability .
Josef Liesler ( 19 September 1912 , in Vidolice near Kadaň -- 23 August 2005 , in Prague ) was a Czech surrealist painter , graphic designer , illustrator , exlibris and postage stamp designer .
George Bogdan ( 1859 - 1930 ) was a Romanian physician and university professor .
Jean Guichard , born in Paris , on April 28 , 1952 , is a French photographer known for his images of lighthouses .
Pim van Lommel ( born 15 March 1943 ) is a Dutch author and researcher in the field of near - death studies .
Phyllis Arkle ( Chester , 23 April 1910 -- 1997 ) , was an English author of children 's books .
Rula Jebreal ( Arabic : رولا جبريل ; born April 24 , 1973 ) is a Palestinian foreign policy analyst , journalist , novelist and screenwriter with dual Israeli and Italian citizenship .
Professor Eckhard Jesse ( born 16 July 1948 in Wurzen , Saxony ) is a German political scientist .
Arman Alizad ( born 12 January 1971 ) is an Iranian - Finnish master tailor , fashion columnist and a TV - personality .
Veronica Gambara ( November 30 , 1485 -- June 13 , 1550 ) was an Italian poet , stateswoman and political leader .
Fosco Maraini ( 15 November 1912 -- 8 June 2004 ) was an Italian photographer , anthropologist , ethnologist , writer , mountaineer and academic .
Edmund Crispin was the pseudonym of Robert Bruce Montgomery ( usually credited as Bruce Montgomery ) ( 2 October 1921 -- 15 September 1978 ) , an English crime writer and composer .
Johann Baptist Alzog ( 8 June 1808 -- 1 March 1878 ) was a German theologian and Catholic church historian .
Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi ( /dʒəˈkoʊbi/ ; German : ( jaˈkoːbi ) ; 10 December 1804 -- 18 February 1851 ) was a German mathematician , who made fundamental contributions to elliptic functions , dynamics , differential equations , and number theory .
James Whorwood Adeane ( 1740 - 1802 ) , of Babraham , Cambridgeshire and Chalgrove , Oxfordshire , was an English politician .
Diego Andrés Bermúdez Penabad ( born 19 June 1982 in As Pontes de García Rodríguez , A Coruña , Galicia ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back .
Louis Charles Auguste Claude Trenet , known as Charles Trenet ( French : ( ʃaʁl tʁəne ) ; 18 May 1913 -- 19 February 2001 ) , was a French singer and songwriter .
Karl - Heinz Smuda ( born January 24 , 1961 in Eschweiler ) is a German radio - journalist , media - expert , ghostwriter and major in the German Air Force .
Diego Mateo Zapata ( 1664 - 1745 ) was a Spanish physician and philosopher .
Péter Melius Juhász ( 1532 -- 25 December 1572 ) was a Hungarian botanist , writer , theologist , and bishop of the Calvinist Reformed Church in Transylvania .
Antonio Fogazzaro ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈtɔnjo foɡatˈtsaro ) ; 25 March 1842 -- 7 March 1911 ) was an Italian novelist .
Alexandre Du Sommerard ( 31 August 1779 , Bar - sur - Aube -- 19 August 1842 , Paris ) was a French archaeologist and art collector .
Joan Ramos Monllor ( born March 28 , 1942 ) is a Spanish cartoonist , painter , engraver , sculptor and illustrator .
Friedrich Christian Laukhard ( 7 June 1757 -- 28 April 1822 ) was a German novelist , philosopher , historian and theologian .
Stephen of Rouen ( died c. 1169 ) ( French Étienne de Rouen , Latin Stephanus de Rouen ) was a Norman Benedictine monk of Bec Abbey of the twelfth century , and a chronicler and poet .
Ulrich Schamoni ( November 9 , 1939 -- March 9 , 1998 ) was a German film director , screenwriter , actor and media proprietor .
Blessed Juan de Palafox y Mendoza ( June 26 , 1600 -- October 1 , 1659 ) , a Spanish politician , administrator , and Catholic clergyman in 17th century Spain and colonial Mexico .
Herman Yau Lai - To ( Chinese : 邱禮濤 ) , born 1961 in Hong Kong is a film director , scriptwriter .
Jozef Gregor , better known as Jozef Gregor - Tajovský ( 18 November 1874 -- 20 May 1940 ) was a Slovak prose and drama author , poet , teacher and politician .
Pedro de Torres Rámila ( Latin : Petro de Torres Ramilae ) ( 1583 - -1658 ) was a Spanish poet , satirist and Renaissance humanist .
Thomas Kyd ( baptised 6 November 1558 ; buried 15 August 1594 ) was an English playwright , the author of The Spanish Tragedy , and one of the most important figures in the development of Elizabethan drama .
Richard Barry , 7th Earl of Barrymore ( 14 August 1769 -- 6 March 1793 ) was an English nobleman of Ireland , as well as an infamous rake , gambler , sportsman , theatrical enthusiast and womanizer .
Peter R. Neumann ( born 1974 ) is a German journalist and academic who frequently appears on radio and television as an expert on terrorism and political violence .
Pietro Lunardi ( born 19 July 1939 ) is an Italian politician and engineer .
Hossein Abadian ( born Jan 22 , 1962 in Lar , Iran ) is a contemporary Persian Iranologist and historian .
Jeffery Farnol ( 10 February 1878 -- 9 August 1952 ) was a British writer since 1907 until his death , known for writing more than 40 romance novels , some formulaic and set in the Georgian Era or English Regency period , and swashbucklers .
Tomás de Mercado ( 1525 - -1575 ) was a Spanish Dominican friar and both an economist and a theologian , best known for his book Summa de Tratos y Contratos ( `` Manual of Deals and Contracts '' ) of 1571 .
Chusé Raúl Usón Serrano ( Jusep Raül Uson in SLA ortography ) , born in 1966 in Zaragoza , is a publisher and a Spanish writer in the Aragonese language .
Marlon Knauer ( born August 19 , 1987 in East Berlin ) is a German singer , identified on album covers , concert advertisements , and other media only by his first name .
Ives Roqueta ( Occitan pronunciation : ( ˈives ruˈketɔ ) ) ( born 29 February 1936 in Sète , Hérault died January 4th 2015 ) was an Occitan author .
Charlotte von Kirschbaum ( June 25 , 1899 -- July 24 , 1975 ) was a German theologian , and pupil of Karl Barth .
François Girard ( born January 12 , 1963 ) is a French - Canadian director and screenwriter particularly noted for his innovative film Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould .
Pierre Thomas , sieur du Fossé ( 1634 - -1698 ) was a French scholar and author , and was the son of a master of accounts at Rouen .
Abolqassem Aref Qazvini ( Persian : ابوالقاسم‌ عارف قزوینی ‎ , 1882 -- January 21 , 1934 ) was an Iranian poet , lyricist , and musician .
Hemant Pandey ( Hindi : हेमंत पांडे ) is an India film , theatre and television actor , most known for his role as Pandeyji in TV series , Office Office ( 2000 ) .
Theo Vennemann genannt Nierfeld ( German : ( ˈfɛnəman ) ; born 27 May 1937 in Oberhausen - Sterkrade ) is a German historical linguist known for his controversial theories of a `` Vasconic '' and an `` Atlantic '' substratum in European languages , published since the 1990s .
Louis Aliot ( born 4 September 1969 ) is a French politician , a lawyer by profession , and the vice president of the Front National since 16 January 2011 .
Jean Favard ( 28 August 1902 -- 21 January 1965 ) was a French mathematician who worked on analysis .
Nicolas Klotz ( born June 22 , 1954 ) is a French filmmaker born in Neuilly - sur - Seine , Hauts - de - Seine .
Nguyễn Mạnh Khải , known as Nguyễn Khải ( 3 December 1930 -- 15 January 2008 ) was a Vietnamese writer .
María de los Ángeles López Segovia ( 20 March 1936 -- 19 August 2015 ) , better known as Lina Morgan , was a Spanish actress and showgirl that performed in film , theatre , and television .
Sir Carol Reed ( 30 December 1906 -- 25 April 1976 ) was an English film director best known for Odd Man Out ( 1947 ) , The Fallen Idol ( 1948 ) and The Third Man ( 1949 ) .
Gabrielle Anne Cisterne de Courtiras , vicomtesse de Saint - Mars ( 2 August 1804 -- 11 September 1872 ) , nom de plume Countess Dash , was a prolific French writer .
Jean Ignace de La Ville ( 1690 in Bayonne -- 15 April 1774 ) was a French churchman and diplomat .
Pilar Castro Parrilla ( Madrid , October 12 , 1970 ) is a Spanish actress .
Paul Rabaut ( January 29 , 1718 -- September 25 , 1794 ) was a French pastor of the Huguenot `` Church of the Desert '' .
Fritz Wolffheim ( 30 October 1888 -- 17 March 1942 ) was a German communist politician and writer .
Henry de La Vaulx ( 1870 - -1930 ) , was a balloonist , author , and cofounder of major French and international aeronautical associations .
René Oberthür ( 1852 , Rennes - 27 April 1944 ) was a French entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera .
Mario Camus ( Santander , 20 April 1935 ) is a Spanish screenwriter and film director .
Xaquín Lorenzo Fernández , Xocas ( June 23 , 1907 in Ourense -- July 19 of 1989 in Ourense ) , was a Spanish educator .
Roberto Noble ( September 9 , 1902 -- January 12 , 1969 ) was an Argentine politician , journalist and publisher , perhaps best known for having founded Clarín , long Argentina 's leading newsdaily and the most or second - most circulated in the Spanish - speaking world .
Didier Lefèvre ( 19 December 1957 - 29 January 2007 ) was a French photojournalist .
María Conesa , also known as La Gatita Blanca ( The White Kitten ) ( December 12 , 1892 -- September 9 , 1978 ) , was a Spanish - born Mexican stage , television , film actress and vedette .
Olivier Pironneau ( born 1945 ) is a French mathematician who is a Professor at the Université Pierre et Marie Curie and member of the French Academy of Sciences .
Sir Thomas Duffus Hardy ( 22 May 1804 -- 15 June 1878 ) was an English archivist and antiquary , who served as Deputy Keeper of the Public Record Office from 1861 to 1878 .
Luigi Lusi ( Rome , 25 November 1961 ) is an Italian politician , lawyer and Senator .
Alain Pasquier ( born 1 August 1942 ) is a French art historian specialising in ancient Greek art , museography and conservation .
Marcel Bardiaux ( 2 April 1910 -- February 2000 ) was a French sailor .
Harald Welzer ( born 27 July 1958 , Hanover ) is a German social psychologist .
Charlotte Elizabeth Tonna ( 1 October 1790 -- 12 July 1846 ) was a popular Victorian English writer and novelist who wrote as Charlotte Elizabeth .
Ernest Alfred Vizetelly ( 1853 - -1922 ) was an English journalist and author .
Bohdan Tomaszewski ( August 10 , 1921 -- February 27 , 2015 ) was a Polish sports journalist , tennis player , sports commentator , and author of several sports books .
Silvia Abascal Estrada , ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsilβja aβasˈkal esˈtɾaða ) , born 20 March 1979 in Madrid ) is a Spanish actress .
Tommaso Campanella OP ( Italian : ( tomˈmazo kampaˈnɛlla ) ; 5 September 1568 -- 21 May 1639 ) , baptized Giovanni Domenico Campanella , was a Dominican friar , Italian philosopher , theologian , astrologer , and poet .
Jürgen Mittelstraß ( born October 11 , 1936 in Düsseldorf ) is a German philosopher especially interested in the philosophy of science .
Victor Cousin ( French : ( kuzɛ̃ ) ; 28 November 1792 -- 14 January 1867 ) was a French philosopher .
Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz , also known under his literary pseudonym Eleuter ( 20 February 1894 -- 2 March 1980 ) , was a Polish poet , essayist , dramatist and writer .
Djenar Maesa Ayu ( born 14 January 1973 in Jakarta , Indonesia ) , also known as Nay , is an Indonesian novelist , short story writer , actress , screenwriter , and filmmaker .
Wolfgang Rademann ( 24 November 1934 -- 31 January 2016 ) was a German television producer and journalist .
Adalet Ağaoğlu ( née Sümer in 1929 ) is a Turkish novelist and playwright .
Gregor von Rezzori ( May 13 , 1914 -- April 23 , 1998 ) , born Gregor Arnulph Hilarius d'Arezzo , was an Austrian - born German - language novelist , memoirist , screenwriter and author of radio plays , as well as an actor , journalist , visual artist , art critic and art collector .
Eduardo Naranjo is a celebrated Spanish painter , born in 1944 in Monesterio , in the province of Badajoz , Extremadura , Spain .
Ivan Ivanovich Artobolevskii ( September 26 ( 9 October ) , 1905 , Moscow , Russian Empire - 21 September 1977 , Moscow , USSR ) was a Soviet scientist and engineer , academician of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR , and Hero of Socialist Labor .
Jeton Kelmendi ( born 1978 in Peć , SFR Yugoslavia ) is an Albanian journalist , poet , translator and political analyst .
Mícheál Ó Cléirigh ( c. 1590 -- 1643 ) , sometimes known as Michael O'Clery , was an Irish chronicler , scribe and antiquary and chief author of the Annals of the Four Masters , assisted by Cú Choigcríche Ó Cléirigh , Fearfeasa Ó Maol Chonaire , and Peregrinus Ó Duibhgeannain .
Margaret Rumer Godden OBE ( 10 December 1907 -- 8 November 1998 ) was an English author of more than 60 fiction and nonfiction books written under the name of Rumer Godden .
Luis Jiménez de Asúa ( June 19 , 1889 in Madrid - November 16 , 1970 in Buenos Aires ) was a jurist and Spanish politician .
George Croydon Marks , 1st Baron Marks ( 9 June 1858 -- 24 September 1938 ) , known as Sir George Marks between 1911 and 1929 , was an English engineer , patent agent and Liberal ( later Labour ) politician .
Jan Huitema ( born 5 July 1984 ) is a Dutch politician and dairy farmer .
Matthias Claudius ( August 15 , 1740 -- January 21 , 1815 ) was a German poet and journalist , otherwise known by the penname of `` Asmus '' .
Hellmuth von Mücke ( 1881 - -1957 ) was an Officer of the Kaiserliche Marine , the navy of the German Empire , in the early 20th Century and World War I.
Sanjay Khan ( Hindi : संजय ख़ान ) ( born Abbas Khan ) is an Indian producer , director and actor .
Fernand Angel ( 2 February 1881 , Douzy -- 13 July 1950 ) was a French herpetologist .
André Hekking ( 20 July 1866 -- 14 December 1925 ) was a French cellist .
Stepan Mnatsakanian ( Armenian : Ստեփան Մնացականյան ; 1917 - -1994 ) was a Soviet Armenian architect .
Felix Liebermann ( 20 July 1851 -- 7 October 1925 ) was a Jewish German historian , who is celebrated for his scholarly contributions to the study of medieval English history , particularly that of Anglo - Saxon and Anglo - Norman law .
Talbot Mundy ( born William Lancaster Gribbon , 23 April 1879 -- 5 August 1940 ) was an English - born American writer of adventure fiction .
Sitanshu Yashaschandra Mehta , also known as Sitanshu Yashaschandra ( born 1941 ) , is Gujarati language poet , playwright , translator and academic from India .
Diego Aduarte OP ( 1570 - -1636 ; born in Zaragoza ) was a Spanish Dominican friar and historian .
Helius Eobanus Hessus ( 6 January 1488 -- 5 October 1540 ) was a German Latin poet born at Halgehausen in Hesse - Kassel ( or Hesse - Cassel ) .
Petrarch however was primarily interested in writing and Latin literature and considered these seven years wasted .
Nuria Cabanillas Provencio ( born 9 August 1980 ) is a Catalan - born and Extremaduran adoption rhythmic gymnast and Olympic Champion .
Jean - André Peyssonnel ( 19 June 1694 -- 24 December 1759 ) was a French physician and naturalist , known for his work in marine natural history .
Janez Orešnik ( born 12 December 1935 ) is a Slovene linguist .
Sir Nathaniel Curzon , 4th Baronet ( 1676 - -1758 ) was an English Tory politician who represented three constituencies in the 18th century .
William Shepherd Allen ( 22 June 1831 -- 15 January 1915 ) was an English Liberal politician , who also farmed in New Zealand and who was briefly an MP in that country .
Lucien Lorelle ( 1894 - -1968 ) was a French photographer and founder of the photography company Central Color , now known as Central Dupon Images .
Horia Hulubei ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈhori.a huluˈbej ) ; November 15 , 1896 -- November 22 , 1972 ) was a Romanian atomic / nuclear physicist , known for his contributions to the development of X - ray spectroscopy .
Juhani Päiviö Tommila ( 4 August 1931 in Jyväskylä ) , is a Finnish historian and professor at Helsinki University .
Avraham Eilat ( Hebrew : אברהם אילת‎ , born 1939 in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli artist , educator and curator .
Matthias Blazek ( born 1966 ) is a German local historian and journalist .
Carl Fredrik Adelcrantz ( 30 January 1716 -- 1 March 1796 ) was a Swedish architect and civil servant .
Edith Helen Sichel ( 1862 - 1914 ) was an English author , sister of Walter Sichel .
Antony Tudor ( 4 April 1908 -- 19 April 1987 ) was an English ballet choreographer , teacher and dancer .
Francesca Alexander ( February 27 , 1837 -- January 21 , 1917 ) , born Esther Francesca Alexander and also known as Fanny Alexander , was an American illustrator , author , and translator from the Italian .
Francisco Elías Riquelme ( Huelva , 26 June 1890 -- Barcelona , 8 June 1977 ) was a Spanish film producer .
George Mendeluk ( Ukrainian : Джордж Менделюк ) ( born March 20 , 1948 in Augsburg , Bavaria ) is a German - born Canadian film director , television director and writer of Ukrainian descent .
Marie - Jeanne Rose Bertin ( 2 July 1747 , Abbeville , Picardy , France -- 22 September 1813 , Épinay - sur - Seine ) was a French milliner and dressmaker to Queen Marie Antoinette .
Saira Banu was 16 years old in 1960 , the year she made her debut to Hindi films .
Duran Çetin ( February 15 , 1964 ) is a Turkish author of stories and novels .
Adrien Douady ( French : ( dwadi ) ; 25 September 1935 -- 2 November 2006 ) was a French mathematician .
Nada Klaić ( Zagreb , 21 July 1920 -- 2 August 1988 , Zagreb ) was a Croatian historian .
Eunice Muñoz , OSE , GCIH ( born July 30 , 1928 ) is a Portuguese actress .
Paul Wilhelm Schmiedel ( December 22 , 1851 -- April 10 , 1935 ) was a German theologian and professor of New Testament exegesis born in Zaukeroda ( Zauckerode , now a part of Freital , Saxony ) near Dresden .
Emilio García Gómez , 1st Count of Alixares ( 4 June 1905 -- 31 May 1995 ) was a Spanish Arabist , literary historian and critic , whose talent as a poet enriched his many translations from Arabic .
Susanne Rode - Breymann ( born 29 May 1958 in Hamburg ) is a German musicologist and since 2010 the president of the prestigious Hochschule für Musik , Theater und Medien Hannover in Hanover .
Seraya Shapshal or His Excellency Hajji Seraya Khan Shapshal ( Karaim : Серая Бен Мордехай Шапшал ; Russian : Серге́й Маркович Шапшал ; Polish : Seraj Szapszał ) ( 1873 - 1961 ) was a hakham and leader of the Crimean and then the Polish and Lithuanian Crimean Karaites ( Karaim ) community .
Bruno Fortichiari ( February 8 , 1892 - January 4 , 1981 ) was an Italian politician and communist revolutionary .
Nicla Vassallo ( born 1963 ) , is an Italian philosopher with research and teaching interests in epistemology , philosophy of knowledge , theoretical philosophy , as well as feminist philosophy .
Luís André de Pina Cabral e Villas - Boas ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( luˈiʃ ɐ̃ˈdɾɛ dɨ ˈpinɐ kɐˈbɾaɫ i ˈviɫɐʒ ˈboɐʃ ) ; born 17 October 1977 ) , known as André Villas - Boas , is a Portuguese football manager who is the current manager of Russian club Zenit Saint Petersburg .
Paolo Roversi ( born 1947 ) is an Italian - born fashion photographer who lives and works in Paris .
Ernest Thiel 's parents were the Belgian Catholic engineer Jacques Thiel and Fanny Stiebel , of German - Jewish origin .
Vadim Zeland ( Rus . Вадим Зеланд ) is a contemporary Russian mystic and writer .
Sir William Dugdale ( 12 September 1605 -- 10 February 1686 ) was an English antiquary and herald .
Jonathan Stephen Ross , OBE ( born 17 November 1960 ) is an English television and radio presenter , film critic , and actor best known for presenting the BBC One chat show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross during the 2000s .
More of his published writings are listed at Friedrich Hiebel in German Wikipedia and at German National Library .
Leonardo Polo ( February 1 , 1926 -- February 9 , 2013 ) was a renowned Spanish philosopher best known for his philosophical method called abandonment of the mental limit and the profound philosophical implications and results of the application of this method .
Alethea Lewis ( born 19 December 1749 , buried 12 November 1827 ) was an English novelist , born at Acton , near Nantwich , Cheshire .
Mathias - Marie Duval ( 7 February 1844 -- 28 February 1907 ) was a French professor of anatomy and histology born in Grasse .
Samuel Musgrave , FRS ( 29 September 1732 -- 5 July 1780 ) was an English classical scholar and physician .
Józef Maria Hoene - Wroński ( French : Josef Hoëné - Wronski ; originally Josef Hoëné ; 23 August 1776 -- 9 August 1853 ) was a Polish Messianist philosopher , mathematician , physicist , inventor , lawyer , and economist .
Iván Pozo ( born 26 August 1979 , Vigo , Spain ) is a retired Spanish professional boxer .
Kristín Helga Gunnarsdóttir ( born November 24 , 1963 ) is an Icelandic children 's writer .
Alphonse Roque - Ferrier ( 1 August 1844 -- 18 June 1907 ) was a French philologist and historian of the occitan language .
Fuad Jorge Jury ( 28 May 1938 -- 5 November 2012 ) , commonly known as Leonardo Favio ( Spanish pronunciation : ( leoˈnarðo ˈfaβjo ) ) , was an Argentine singer , actor , film director and screenwriter .
Imre Trencsényi - Waldapfel ( Budapest , 16 June 1908 - Budapest , 3 June 1970 ) , was a Hungarian classical scholar , and member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences .
Blessed Louis - Édouard Cestac ( 6 January 1801 - 27 March 1868 ) was a French Roman Catholic priest and was the co - founder of the Servants of Mary .
Stefan Banach ( ( ˈstɛfan ˈbanax ) ; 30 March 1892 -- 31 August 1945 ) was a Polish mathematician who is generally considered one of the world 's most important and influential 20th - century mathematicians .
İsmail Cem ( born İsmail Cem İpekçi , 15 February 1940 -- 24 January 2007 ) was a Turkish politician , journalist , statesman and minister of foreign affairs .
John Lewis Brown ( 1829 -- 1890 ) was a French battle , animal , and genre painter .
Rachid Driss ( Arabic : الرشيد إدريس ) ( January 27 , 1917 -- September 5 , 2009 ) was a Tunisian diplomat and writer .
Shulim or Nikolai Aleksandrovich Notovich ( Николай Александрович Нотович ) , known in the West as Nicolas Notovitch ( 1858-after 1916 ) was a Crimean Jewish adventurer who claimed to be a Russian aristocrat and journalist .
Hans Christian Lumbye ( Danish pronunciation : ( lɔmˈbyː ) ; 2 May 1810 -- 20 March 1874 ) was a Danish composer of waltzes , polkas , mazurkas and galops , among other things .
Julius Stinde ( 28 August 1841 -- 5 August 1905 ) , German author , was born at Kirchnüchel in Holstein , the son of a clergyman .
Johann Karl Friedrich Rosenkranz ( April 23 , 1805 -- July 14 , 1879 ) was a German philosopher and pedagogue .
Edward Aldam Leatham ( 2 August 1828 -- 6 February 1900 ) was an English Liberal Member of Parliament .
Lorenzo Bernal del Mercado ( 1530 - -1593 ) was a Spanish captain who was one of the more successful soldiers in the Arauco War in Chile rising to the rank of Maestre de Campo and temporary Capitán General of the Captaincy General of Chile .
Walter Flex ( 6 July 1887 -- 16 October 1917 ) was a German author responsible for Der Wanderer zwischen beiden Welten ( The Wanderer between Two Worlds ) , a war novel dealing with themes of humanity , friendship , and suffering during World War I.
Georg Heinrich von Görtz , Baron of Schlitz ( 1668 -- February 19 , 1719 ) , diplomat in Swedish service , was born in Holstein and educated at Jena .
Jean - Pierre Rives ( born 31 December 1952 ) is a French champion rugby player and visual artist .
Amancio Amaro Varela , ( born 16 October 1939 in A Coruña , Galicia ) commonly known simply as Amancio , is a former Spanish football player .
Luc Foisneau , born in Blois on the 30th March 1963 , is a French philosopher specialising in contemporary political thought and that of the Early Modern period .
Jakob van Hoddis ( May 16 , 1887 in Berlin -- 1942 in Sobibor ) was the pen name of a German - Jewish expressionist poet Hans Davidsohn , of which name `` Van Hoddis '' is an anagram .
Gottschalk Eduard Guhrauer ( 15 May 1809 -- 5 January 1854 ) was a German philologist and biographer .
Friedrich August Moritz Retzsch ( December 9 , 1779 - June 11 , 1857 ) was a German painter , draughtsman , and etcher .
Helena Dahlbäck ( 1960 - -2000 ) was a Swedish author who wrote several children 's books , for example My Sister Lotta and Me .
Gert Wingårdh ( born 1951 ) is a Swedish architect whose company , Wingårdh arkitektkontor , maintains an international practice .
Sergio Blanco Rivas ( 17 November 1948 -- 15 February 2015 ) and Estíbaliz Uranga Amézaga ( or Estíbaliz Uranga ; born 9 December 1952 ) , known professionally as Sergio y Estíbaliz , were a Spanish vocal duo , who also worked with groups Mocedades and El Consorcio .
François Boissier de Sauvages de Lacroix ( May 12 , 1706 - -February 19 , 1767 ) was a French physician and botanist who was a native of Alès .
John Fane , 7th Earl of Westmorland ( 24 March 1685 -- 26 August 1762 ) , styled The Honourable John Fane from 1691 to 1733 and Lord Catherlough from 1733 to 1736 , was an English nobleman and soldier .
Count Burkhard Christoph von Münnich ( 9 May 1683 -- 16 October 1767 ) ( Христофо́р Анто́нович Миних ) was a German soldier - engineer who became a field marshal and political figure in the Russian Empire .
William Murray , 1st Earl of Mansfield , SL , PC ( 2 March 1705 -- 20 March 1793 ) was a British barrister , politician and judge noted for his reform of English law .
Sir Basil Henry Liddell Hart ( 31 October 1895 -- 29 January 1970 ) , commonly known throughout most of his career as Captain B. H. Liddell Hart , was an English soldier , military historian and military theorist .
Noël du Fail , seigneur de La Hérissaye ( c.1520 - -1591 ) was a French jurist and writer of the Renaissance .
Rudolf Steinwand ( 4 August 1906 -- 10 November 1982 ) was a German politician ( KPD , SED ) .
Camille Bulcke ( 1 September 1909 -- 17 August 1982 ) was a Belgian Jesuit missionary in India , who attained pre - eminence in the Hindi language and came to be known as `` India 's most famous Christian Hindi scholar '' .
Klaus G. Troitzsch ( * 28 . November 1946 , in Ilsede - Oberg , Lower Saxony ) is a German sociologist .
Anthony Cave Brown ( March 21 , 1929 in Bath - July 14 , 2006 in Warrenton , Virginia ) was an English - American journalist , espionage non - fiction writer , and historian .
Juan Tomás Ávila Laurel ( born 1966 in Santa Isabel , Spanish Guinea - now Malabo , Equatorial Guinea ) is an Annobonese writer from Equatorial Guinea .
Leone Ginzburg ( Italian : ( leˈone ˈɡintsburɡ ) ; 4 April 1909 -- 5 February 1944 ) was an Italian editor , writer , journalist and teacher , as well as an important anti - fascist political activist and a hero of the resistance movement .
Sir William John Newton ( 1785 - -1869 ) was an English miniature - painter , in fashion in the early part of the 19th century .
Vincenz Priessnitz , also written Prießnitz ( sometimes in German Vinzenz , in English Vincent , in Czech Vincenc ; 4 October 1799 -- 26 November 1851 ) was a peasant farmer in Gräfenberg , Austrian Silesia , who is generally considered the founder of modern hydrotherapy , which is used in alternative and orthodox medicine .
Daniela Hodrová ( born 5 July 1946 ) is a Czech writer and literary scholar .
Roy Carr is an English music journalist .
Renzo De Felice ( 8 April 1929 -- 25 May 1996 ) was an Italian historian , who specialized in the Fascist era , writing - among others - a 6000-page biography of Mussolini ( 4 volumes , 1965 - -97 ) .
Joan Orpí i del Pou , also Juan Orpín or Juan Urpín ( 1593 in Piera -- 1 July 1645 in Barcelona , Venezuela ) was a Spanish conquistador , known for founding New Barcelona in Venezuela , and for founding the short - lived Province of New Catalonia ( 1633 - -1654 ) .
Frank Hornby ( 15 May 1863 -- 21 September 1936 ) was an English inventor , businessman and politician .
Raquel Sánchez - Silva ( born 13 January 1973 in Plasencia , Cáceres , Spain ) is a Spanish television conductor and journalist .
Kate Sedley is the pen - name of Brenda Margaret Lilian Honeyman Clarke , an English historical novelist .
Louis - Maurice Boutet de Monvel ( 18 October 1850 -- 16 March 1913 ) was a French painter and illustrator best known for his watercolors for children 's books .
Karuna Banerjee ( Bengali : করুণা ব্যানার্জী ) ( December 25 , 1919 -- November 13 , 2001 ) was a Bengali actress best known for her role in Satyajit Ray 's The Apu Trilogy ( 1955 - -1959 ) as the long suffering mother , Sarbajaya .
Vittoria Accoramboni ( 15 February 1557 -- 22 December 1585 ) was an Italian noblewoman .
Oscar Ribeiro de Almeida Niemeyer Soares Filho ( December 15 , 1907 -- December 5 , 2012 ) , known as Oscar Niemeyer ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ɔʃˈkaʁ ˈniemajeʁ ) ) , was a Brazilian architect who is considered to be one of the key figures in the development of modern architecture .
John Ord ( 1729?--1814 ) was an English barrister and politician .
Literature by and about Herbert Cahn at the Deutsche National Bibliotek ( in German )
Bruno Villabruna ( 1884 - 1971 ) was an Italian lawyer and liberal politician .
Hristina Hristova Velcheva ( Bulgarian : Христина Христова Велчева ) ( born 21 January 1954 in Popitza , Vratsa Oblast ) is a Bulgarian politician and former Member of the European Parliament .
László Lajtha ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈlaːsloː ˈlɒjtɒ ) ; 30 June 1892 -- 16 February 1963 ) was a Hungarian composer , ethnomusicologist and conductor .
Sir Thomas Lawrence PRA FRS ( 13 April 1769 -- 7 January 1830 ) was a leading English portrait painter and the second president of the Royal Academy .
Antun Mihanović ( 1796 - 1861 ) was a notable Croatian poet and lyricist , most famous for writing the national anthem of Croatia , which was put to music by Josif Runjanin and adopted in 1891 .
Werner Veigel ( 9 November 1928 -- 2 May 1995 ) was a Dutch - born German journalist and news presenter .
Marcel - Auguste Dieulafoy ( August 3 , 1844 - February 25 , 1920 ) was a French archaeologist , noted for his excavations at Susa ( modern - day Shush , Iran ) in 1885 and for his work , L'Art antique de la Perse .
Robert Copland ( fl . 1515 ) , English printer and author , is said to have been a servant of William Caxton , and certainly worked for Wynkyn de Worde .
Uriel Ofek ( Hebrew : אוריאל אופק , born : 30 June 1926 in Tel Aviv -- 23 January 1987 ) was an Israeli writer for children and youth , editor , lyricist , poet , translator and children 's literature scholar .
Luo Niansheng ( simplified Chinese : 罗念生 ; traditional Chinese : 羅念生 ; pinyin : Luó Niànshēng ; 12 July 1904 - 10 April 1990 ) was a Chinese translator .
Leelo Tungal ( born 22 June 1947 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian poet , children 's literature author , editor and librettist .
Sten Nadolny , ( born 29 July 1942 , in Zehdenick , Province of Brandenburg ) is a German novelist .
Tie Ning ( simplified Chinese : 铁凝 ; traditional Chinese : 鐵凝 ; pinyin : Tiě Níng ; Wade -- Giles : T'ieh Ning ; born September 1957 ) is a Chinese author based in Beijing , China .
Maurice Debesse ( 1903 - -1998 ) was a French educator .
Neal Asher ( born 4 February 1961 in Billericay , Essex , England ) is an English science fiction writer .
Naomi Chazan ( Hebrew : נעמי חזן‎ , born 18 November 1946 ) is an Israeli academic , activist , and politician .
Johann Sommer ( Latin : Ioannes Sommerus ; 1542 - -1574 ) was a Transylvanian Saxon Protestant theologian , poet and Despot Vodă 's biographer .
Giuseppe D'Agata ( 11 January 1927 -- 29 March 2011 ) was an Italian author , screenwriter and television writer .
V. K. Govindan Nair ( 4 February 1903 - 15 October 1977 ) was a Malayalam poet from Kerala , India .
Juan de la Cruz Mourgeón y Achet ( died April 1822 in Quito ) was a Spanish general and colonial administrator .
Guglielmo Libri Carucci dalla Sommaja ( January 1 , 1803 -- September 28 , 1869 ) was an Italian count and mathematician , who became known for his love and subsequent theft of ancient and precious manuscripts .
Henry of Settimello ( in Latin , Henricus Septimellensis or Henricus Pauper ; in Italian , Arrigo or Arrighetto da Settimello ) was a late 12th - century Italian poet .
Cezar Petrescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈt͡ʃezar peˈtresku ) ; December 1 , 1892 , Cotnari , Iaşi County -- March 9 , 1961 ) was a Romanian journalist , novelist and children 's writer .
Wolfgang Aly ( August 12 , 1881 in Magdeburg - September 3 , 1962 in Phaistos auf Kreta ) was a German classical philologist .
María Teresa Moure Pereiro ( Born in 1969 , Monforte de Lemos , Spain ) is a Galician writer .
Gonzalo Argote de Molina ( 1548 - -1596 ) was a Spanish writer , historian and genealogist .
Lillah McCarthy ( 22 September 1875 -- 15 April 1960 ) was an English actress and theatrical manager .
Claude Balbastre ( December 8 , 1724 -- May 9 , 1799 ) was a French composer , organist , harpsichordist and fortepianist .
Hrand Nazariantz ( Հրանտ Նազարեանց , January 8 , 1886 -- January 25 , 1962 ) was an Ottoman Armenian poet and translator who lived most of his life in Italy .
Paulo Cafôfo is the Mayor ( Presidente da Câmara in Portuguese ) of Funchal , Madeira .
Alberto Belsué Arias ( born 2 March 1968 in Zaragoza , Aragon ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back .
Daniel Brel ( born 1950 in Égleny ) is a French composer , accordionist and bandoneón player .
Pável Pardo Segura ( Spanish ( pa'bel pa'rdo ) ; born 26 July 1976 ) is a retired Mexican international footballer who last played with the Chicago Fire of Major League Soccer .
Dominique - Octave Mannoni ( 29 August 1899 , Sologne -- 30 July 1989 ) was a French psychoanalyst and author .
Hans Heinz Holz ( 26 February 1927 -- 11 December 2011 ) was a German Marxist philosopher .
Ana María Moix ( 12 April 1947 -- 28 February 2014 ) was a Spanish poet , novelist , short story writer , translator and editor .
Jacques - Arsène d'Arsonval ( June 8 , 1851 -- December 31 , 1940 ) was a French physician , physicist , and inventor of the moving - coil D'Arsonval galvanometer and the thermocouple ammeter .
Giuseppe Arcimboldo ( Italian : ( dʒuˈzɛppe artʃimˈbɔldo ) ; also spelled Arcimboldi ) ( 1526 or 1527 -- July 11 , 1593 ) was an Italian painter best known for creating imaginative portrait heads made entirely of objects such as fruits , vegetables , flowers , fish , and books .
Christian August Gottlob Eberhard ( 12 January 1769 -- 13 May 1845 ) was a German miscellaneous writer .
Ulrich Thein ( 4 July 1930 -- 21 June 1995 ) was a German actor film director and screenwriter .
Iorgu Iordan ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈjorɡu jorˈdan ) ; also known as Jorgu Jordan or Iorgu Jordan ; September 29 ( O.S. October 11 ) 1888 - -September 20 , 1986 ) was a Romanian linguist , philologist , diplomat , journalist , and left - wing agrarian , later communist , politician .
Octavian Paler ( Romanian pronunciation : ( oktaviˈan ˈpalər ) or ( ˈpaler ) ; July 2 , 1926 -- May 7 , 2007 ) was a Romanian writer , journalist , politician in Communist Romania , and civil society activist in post-1989 Romania .
Julius Plücker ( 16 June or 16 July 1801 -- 22 May 1868 ) was a German mathematician and physicist .
Zygmunt Kubiak ( 30 April 1929 , Warsaw -- 19 March 2004 ) was a Polish writer , essayist , translator , propagator of the antique culture , and professor at the University of Warsaw .
Charles Harvey Combe ( February 1863-August 1935 ) was a Conservative Member of Parliament from 1892 and 1897 for the English constituency of Chertsey .
Andrea Bocskor ( Hungarian : Bocskor Andrea , Ukrainian : Андрея Бочкор ; born 11 August 1978 ) is a Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) representing Hungary .
Stanisław Kętrzyński ( Polish pronunciation : ( staˈɲiswaf kɛnˈtʂɨɲskʲi ) ; born September 10 , 1878 in Lwów , Austrian Empire , died May 26 , 1950 in Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish historian and diplomat .
Károly Marót ( Arad , 2 March 1885 - Budapest , 27 October 1963 ) , was a Hungarian classical scholar , philologist and member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences .
Johann Friedrich Pfaff ( sometimes spelled Friederich ; 22 December 1765 -- 21 April 1825 ) was a German mathematician .
Gabriel Sundukian ( Armenian : Գաբրիել Սունդուկյան ; 11 July 1825 - 29 March 1912 ) was an Armenian writer and playwright , the founder of modern Armenian drama .
Stefan Lochner ( the Dombild Master or Master Stefan ) ( c. 1410 - -1451 ) was a German painter working in the late `` soft style '' of the International Gothic .
Cristóbal Martín de Herrera ( Aldeadávila de la Ribera , Spain , 20 March 1831 - Madrid , Spain , 1878 ) was a Spanish politician who served as Ministry of Public Works in the reign of Alfonso XII .
Nehemiah Wallington ( 1598 -- 1658 ) was an English Puritan artisan ( a wood turner ) and chronicler .
Willi Sänger ( 21 May 1894 in Berlin , Germany - 27 November 1944 in Brandenburg , Germany ) was a German Communist and resistance fighter against the Nazis .
Bartomeu Rosselló - Pòrcel ( Catalan pronunciation : ( bərtuˈmɛw rusəˈʎo ˈpɔrsəɫ ) ) ( 3 August 1913 in Palma , Majorca -- 5 January 1938 in El Brull , Barcelona ) was a Spanish Balearic poet , who wrote in Catalan .
Josep Maria Bayarri i Hurtado ( Valencian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈzɛb maˈɾi.a βaˈjari ) ) ( Alboraya ( Valencia ) , Spain , 1886 - 1970 ) was a writer and poet , also known as Xusep Maria Vaiarri .
Percy Wyndham Lewis ( 18 November 1882 -- 7 March 1957 ) was an English painter and author ( he dropped the name ' Percy ' , which he disliked ) .
From his consulting work and media presence , Michel Rolland has influenced many aspects of both the French and global wine industry .
Vincenzo Cerami ( 2 November 1940 -- 17 July 2013 ) was an Italian screenwriter , novelist and poet .
Toni Acosta ( La Orotava , Santa Cruz de Tenerife , 10 April 1972 ) is a Spanish actress .
Yosef Haim Brenner ( Hebrew : יוסף חיים ברנר‎ , also Yosef Chaim Brenner , 1881 - -1921 ) was a Russian - born Hebrew - language author and one of the pioneers of modern Hebrew literature .
Jan Kochanowski ( Polish : ( ˈjan kɔxaˈnɔfskʲi ) ; 1530 -- 22 August 1584 ) was a Polish Renaissance poet who established poetic patterns that would become integral to the Polish literary language .
Sebastian de Aparicio y del Pardo , O.F.M. , was a Spanish colonist in Mexico shortly after its conquest by Spain , who after a lifetime as a rancher and road builder entered the Order of Friars Minor as a lay brother .
Peter Ludwig Mejdell Sylow ( IPA : ( ˈsyːlɔv ) ) ( 12 December 1832 -- 7 September 1918 ) was a Norwegian mathematician who proved foundational results in group theory .
Eugen Drewermann ( born 20 June 1940 ) is a German church critic , theologian , peace activist and former Roman Catholic priest .
Angelo Oliviero Olivetti ( 1874 -- 17 November 1931 ) was an Italian lawyer , journalist , and political activist .
Juan de Herrera ( 1530 -- 15 January 1597 ) was a Spanish architect , mathematician and geometrician .
Pierre du Calvet ( 1735 -- March 28 , 1786 ) was a Montreal trader , justice of the peace , political prisoner and epistle writer of French Huguenot origin .
Samson Raphael Hirsch ( June 20 , 1808 -- December 31 , 1888 ) was a German rabbi best known as the intellectual founder of the Torah i m Derech Eretz school of contemporary Orthodox Judaism .
Nirmal Verma ( Devanāgarī : निर्मल वर्मा ; 3 April 1929 -- 25 October 2005 ) was a Hindi writer , novelist , activist and translator .
Macarena Gómez Traseira ( born 2 February 1978 ) is a Spanish actress , known for her role of Lola in the current television series La que se avecina , aired on Telecinco .
Stamp Brooksbank ( 1694 -- 24 May 1756 ) was an English MP and Governor of the Bank of England .
Robert Gerhard i Ottenwaelder ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ruˈβɛrd ʒəˈɾart ) ; 25 September 1896 -- 5 January 1970 ) was a Catalan composer and musical scholar and writer , generally known outside Catalonia as Roberto Gerhard .
Zhang Xianliang ( Chinese : 张贤亮 ; December 1936 -- 27 September 2014 ) was a Chinese author and poet , and former president of the China Writer Association in Ningxia .
Patrick Marnham is an English writer , journalist and biographer .
Charles - Robert Ageron ( 6 November 1923 -- 3 September 2008 ) was a French historian specializing in colonial Algeria .
Wolfram Saenger ( born 1939 ) is a German biochemist and protein crystallographer .
Attila Kotányi ( Hungarian : ( ˈɒtilːɒ ˈkotaːɲi ) ; 1924 , Hungary -- 18 October 2003 , Düsseldorf ) was a poet , philosopher , writer and architect - urbanist .
Armand Thomas Hue de Miromesnil ( 15 September 1723 - 6 July 1796 ) was a minister of the French Ancien Régime who served as Keeper of the Seals under Louis XVI .
Albert Hotopp ( 20 September 1886 -- 1 August 1942 ) was a German political activist and writer .
Arthur Bingham Walkley ( 17 December 1855 -- 7 October 1926 ) , usually known as A B Walkley was an English public servant and drama critic .
Zigmantas Balčytis ( born 16 November 1953 in Šilutė district municipality ) is a Lithuanian politician who briefly served as acting Prime Minister of Lithuania in 2006 .
Agnete Friis ( born 1974 ) is a Danish writer who is best known for co - authoring Drengen i kufferten , or The Boy in the Suitcase .
Casimir Davaine ( March 19 , 1812 -- 14 October 1882 ) was a French physician known for his work in the field of microbiology .
Iwasa Matabei ( Japanese : 岩佐 又兵衛 ; original name Araki Katsumochi 1578 -- July 20 , 1650 ) was a Japanese artist of the early Tokugawa period ( 1603 - -1867 ) , who specialized in genre scenes of historical events and illustrations of classical Chinese and Japanese literature , as well as portraits .
Ilvo Diamanti ( born Cuneo , September 4 , 1952 ) is an Italian political scientist .
Gustavo César Veloso ( born January 29 , 1980 in Vilagarcía de Arousa ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer for UCI Continental team W52-Quinta da Lixa , after his previous team , Andalucía , folded .
Tore Zetterholm ( 1915 - -2001 ) was a Swedish novelist , playwright and journalist .
François Michel de Rozière ( 29 September 1775 , Melun - 4 November 1842 , Melun ) was a French mining engineer .
Simon Atumano was the Bishop of Gerace in Calabria from 23 June 1348 until 1366 and the Latin Archbishop of Thebes thereafter until 1380 .
Christiaan Huygens , FRS ( /ˈhaɪɡənz/ or /ˈhɔɪɡənz/ ; Dutch : ( ˈɦœy̆ɣə(n)s ) ) ( Latin : Hugenius ) ( 14 April 1629 -- 8 July 1695 ) was a prominent Dutch mathematician and scientist .
Mildred Archer OBE ( 28 December 1911 in London -- 4 February 2005 ) was an English art historian who specialized in 18th- and 19th - century art in British India .
Tamara Milosevic ( born 1976 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German documentary filmer of Serbian descent .
Theophanes the Greek ( sometimes `` Feofan Grek '' from the Russian : Феофан Грек , Greek : Θεοφάνης ; c. 1340 -- c. 1410 ) was a Byzantine Greek artist and one of the greatest icon painters of Muscovite Russia , and was noted as the teacher and mentor of the great Andrei Rublev .
William Coare Brocklehurst ( 9 February 1818 -- 3 June 1900 ) was an English Liberal Party politician and head of a family of silk producers in Macclesfield in the 19th century .
Arsène Wenger , OBE ( French pronunciation : ​(aʁsɛn vɛŋ(ɡ)ɛʁ ) ; born 22 October 1949 ) , is a French football manager and former player .
Syed Imtiaz Ali Taj ( Urdu : سیّد امتیاز علی تاؔج‎ ; Sayyid Imtiyāz ʿAlī Tāj 1900 - -1970 ) was a dramatist who wrote in the Urdu language .
Luis López Guerra ( born 15 November 1947 ) is a Spanish judge born in León and currently the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Spain .
A. C. Zainuddin ( 12 May 1952 -- 4 November 1999 ) was a popular Malayalam film comedian actor .
Johannes Helms ( 8 November 1828 -- 4 December 1895 ) was a Danish writer and schoolmaster who experienced the Three Years ' War firsthand .
Anna Elisabeth Franziska Adolphine Wilhelmine Louise Maria , Freiin von Droste zu Hülshoff , known as Annette von Droste - Hülshoff ( German : ( aˈnɛtə fɔn ˈdʁɔstəˈhʏlshɔf ) ; January 10 or 12 1797 -- May 24 , 1848 ) , was a 19th - century German writer and composer .
Joël Dupuch is a French oyster farmer , restaurateur , author and actor .
Benedetto Castelli ( 1578 -- 9 April 1643 ) , born Antonio Castelli , was an Italian mathematician .
Jean - Roch Coignet ( 16 August 1776 -- 10 December 1865 ) was a French soldier who served in the military campaigns of the Consulate and First French Empire , up through the Battle of Waterloo .
Saadallah Wannous ( Arabic : سعد الله ونوس‎ ) , ( 1941 - -1997 ) Syrian playwright .
Felix Rexhausen ( 31 December 1932 -- 6 February 1992 ) was a German journalist , editor and author .
Tadeusz Łopalewski ( born August 17 , 1900 in Ostrowce , died March 29 , 1979 ) was a Polish poet , prose writer , dramatist and translator of Russian literature and producer of many radio programs .
Sir Clement Wearg ( 1686 - -1726 ) was an English lawyer and politician , solicitor - general from 1724 .
Émile Puech ( born 9 May 1941 , at Cazelles de Sébrazac , Estaing , Aveyron , France ) is a French Catholic priest , scholar and editor in chief of Manuscrits de la mer Morte .
Gaetano Mosca ( April 1 , 1858 -- November 8 , 1941 ) was an Italian political scientist , journalist and public servant .
Otfrid von Hanstein ( 1869 - -1959 ) was a German actor and writer .
Herman Grimm ( 1828 - -1901 ) was a German academic and writer .
Władysław Młynek ( 6 June 1930 in Gródek -- 1 December 1997 in Nawsie ) was a Polish teacher , writer and poet from Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia .
Silvana Mangano ( Italian pronunciation : ( silˈvaːna ˈmaŋɡano ) ; 21 April 1930 -- 16 December 1989 ) was an Italian actress .
Lorenzo López Mulero ( May 12 , 1889 - February 14 , 1972 ) was a Spanish politician and the mayor of Oviedo .
Julius von Sachs ( German : ( zaks ) ; 2 October 1832 -- 29 May 1897 ) was a German botanist from Breslau , Prussian Silesia .
Paul Bazelaire ( 4 March 1886 -- 11 December 1958 ) was a French cellist and composer .
Ernests Birznieks - Upītis ( born 6 . April 1871 - 30 December 1960 , Riga ) was a Latvian writer , translator and librarian .
Marcos Jiménez de la Espada ( 1831 - -1898 ) was a Spanish zoologist , herpetologist , explorer and writer , born in Cartagena , Spain , although he spent most of his life in Madrid , where he died .
Christian Frederik Møller ( 31 October 1898 -- 5 November 1988 ) , generally referred to as C. F. Møller , was a Danish architect , professor and , from 1965 to 1969 , the first rector of the Aarhus School of Architecture .
Philippe Renaud ( born November 23 , 1962 ) is a French sprint canoer who competed during the 1980s .
Charles Fairfax Murray ( 1849 -- 1919 ) , was an English painter , dealer , collector , benefactor and art historian who was intimately connected with the second wave of the Pre - Raphaelites .
C. H. Narayana Rao ( Telugu : సి.హెచ్. నారాయణరావు ) ( d : 14 February 1984 ) was an Indian film actor , producer and thespian known for his works exclusively in Telugu cinema , and Theater .
S. E. Jacques Viot ( 25 August 1921 -- 4 July 2012 ) was a French academic and diplomat .
Susanne Graf ( born August 15 , 1992 in Berlin ) is a German politician and member of the Pirate Party Berlin , a state chapter of the national Pirate Party .
Phanishwar Nath ' Renu ' ( फणीश्‍वर नाथ रेणु ) ( March 4 , 1921 -- April 11 , 1977 ) was one of the most successful and influential writers of modern Hindi literature in the post - Premchand era .
Stephen Roxby Dodds ( 29 January 1881 -- 10 September 1943 ) was an English lawyer and Liberal politician .
Josef Rumler ( 20 July 1922 in Chlumec nad Cidlinou -- 1 November 1999 in Prague ) was a Czech poet , literary critic , historian , editor and translator from Polish language and to Esperanto .
Angelo Comastri ( born 17 September 1943 ) is an Italian clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church .
Jean - Jacques Gaspard Foelix ( 1791 - -1853 ) was a French jurist and the founder of the science of comparative law in France .
Jeremy Brock ( born 1959 ) is an English writer , and director whose works include the screenplays Mrs. Brown , Driving Lessons , The Last King of Scotland , Charlotte Gray and The Eagle .
Jean - Mandé Sigogne ( 6 April 1763 -- 9 November 1844 ) was a French Catholic priest , who moved to Canada after the Revolution and became known for his missionary work among the Acadians of Nova Scotia .
Jean - Marie Camille Guérin ( 22 December 1872 -- 9 June 1961 ) was a French veterinarian , bacteriologist and immunologist who , together with Albert Calmette , developed the Bacillus Calmette - Guérin ( BCG ) , a vaccine for immunization against tuberculosis .
Santiago Cervera Soto ( Pamplona , Spain , 27 March 1965 ) was a Spanish politician who belonged to the People 's Party ( PP ) of Navarre .
Ernesto Buonaiuti ( 1881 -- 1946 ) was an Italian historian , philosopher of religion , Catholic priest and anti - fascist .
Francisco Espoz Ilundáin ( 17 June 1781 -- 24 December 1836 ) , being better known as Francisco Espoz y Mina , was a Spanish guerrilla leader and general .
Florence Arthaud ( 28 October 1957 -- 9 March 2015 ) was a French sailor from Boulogne - Billancourt .
CJUV - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a classic hits format at 94.1 FM in Lacombe , Alberta .
KIJV ( 1340 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Huron , South Dakota .
WBBB ( `` Radio 96.1 '' ) , is an adult hits radio station based in Raleigh , North Carolina , owned by Curtis Media Group .
WQNQ is licensed in Fletcher , North Carolina outside Asheville .
WDDW ( 104.7 FM ) is a Spanish language radio station licensed to Sturtevant , Wisconsin , and serving the Milwaukee and Racine area .
WGHT ( 1500 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Pompton Lakes , New Jersey , USA .
WFHG - FM is a Talk formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bluff City , Tennessee and serving the Tri - Cities region of Tennessee and Virginia .
WSHY is a radio station licensed to Lafayette , Indiana , USA , located at 1410 kHz on the AM dial .
WXNX is a commercial radio station licensed to Sanibel , Florida , broadcasting to the Naples / Fort Myers area on 93.7 FM .
WMGN ( 98.1 FM , `` Magic 98 '' ) is a radio station licensed to and serving the Madison , Wisconsin area .
The Mitsubishi Concept - RA is a concept car manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors , and first revealed on at the North American International Auto Show in January 2008 .
The SIG P210 ( Swiss Army designation Pistole 49 ) is a locked breech semi - automatic pistol designed and manufactured in Neuhausen am Rheinfall ( Canton of Schaffhausen , Switzerland ) by Swiss Arms AG , formerly SIG Arms AG ( distributed in U.S. by SIGARMS ) .
The GWR 1101 Class was a class of 0 - 4 - 0 T side tank steam locomotives built by the Avonside Engine Company to the order of the Great Western Railway in 1926 for dock shunting .
The Sharp PC-5000 was a pioneering laptop computer , announced by Sharp Corporation of Japan in 1983 .
The Kodak DCS 400 series was a series of Nikon based digital SLR cameras with sensor and added electronics produced by Eastman Kodak .
The Leica X ( Typ 113 ) is a large sensor digital compact camera announced by Leica Camera on September 16 , 2014 .
Texas Instruments produces a range of calculators , with the TI-30 being one of the most popular early calculators .
The MAC-10 ( Military Armament Corporation Model 10 , officially the M-10 ) is a compact , blowback operated machine pistol developed by Gordon B. Ingram in 1964 .
The Birmingham Small Arms Company Limited ( BSA ) confirmed that they manufactured some Welrod pistols , but that they put no markings at all on them , so it is likely that any markings were added by the British military after delivery .
Union Pacific 844 is a 4 - 8 - 4 `` Northern '' type steam locomotive built by the American Locomotive Company in December of 1944 for the Union Pacific Railroad .
Luther Bradish ( September 15 , 1783 Cummington , Hampshire County , Massachusetts -- August 30 , 1863 Newport , Newport County , Rhode Island ) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as Lieutenant Governor of New York from 1839 to 1842 , with his Whig Party colleague , William H. Seward .
Peter Moraites ( June 8 , 1922 -- January 7 , 2014 ; pronounced mo - RAY - tees ) was an American Republican Party politician who served as Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly in 1969 .
Alfred Duff Cooper , 1st Viscount Norwich GCMG DSO PC ( 22 February 1890 -- 1 January 1954 ) , known as Duff Cooper , was a British Conservative Party politician , diplomat and author .
Vincenz Müller was released relatively early from Soviet captivity , in 1948 , and joined the National Democratic Party of Germany , the NDPD .
Digvijay Narain Singh was an eminent politician and Parliamentarian belonging to the Indian National Congress and represented Vaishali constituency in Bihar state for 28 consecutive years ( 1952 - -1980 ) .
Edwin Gebauer ( born 16 June 1884 in Borna , Leipzig - date of death unknown ) was a German politician and member of the Nazi Party .
Richard Corish became Mayor of Wexford in 1920 as an Irish Labour Party representative .
Zhang Yijiong ( Chinese : 张裔炯 ; born December 1955 ) is a Chinese politician , serving since 2012 as the executive deputy head of the United Front Work Department of the Communist Party of China ( minister - level ) .
Gabriela Cuevas Barron ( born April 3 , 1979 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party ( PAN ) who has served as head ( Formally : Jefe Delegacional ) of Miguel Hidalgo and as a federal deputy in the lower house of the Mexican Congress .
Bonnie Watson Coleman ( born February 6 , 1945 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who has served as the U.S. Representative for New Jersey 's 12th congressional district since 2015 .
Harris Laning ( October 18 , 1873 -- February 2 , 1941 ) was a prominent officer in the United States Navy who eventually rose to the rank of rear admiral .
Philip James Yorke ( 13 October 1799 -- 14 December 1874 ) was a British Army officer and Fellow of the Royal Society .
Brigadier General Frank William Ramsay CB ( 1919),CMG ( 1917 ) , DSO ( 1916 ) ( 10 December 1875 -- 1 October 1954 ) was a senior British Army officer in World War I.
Zbigniew Przybyszewski ( 1907 - -1952 ) was a Polish military officer and a Commander in the Polish Navy .
General Sir James Frederick Love GCB KH ( 1789 -- 13 January 1866 ) was a British Army officer who served as Lieutenant Governor of Jersey .
Donald K. Muchow ( born October 20 , 1937 ) is a former rear admiral and Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy .
206 ( Ulster ) Battery Royal Artillery ( Volunteers ) `` The Ulster Gunners '' , is part of British Army 's 105th Regiment Royal Artillery ( Volunteers ) .
Major General John Bradstreet ( 21 December 1714 -- 25 September 1774 ) was a British Army officer during King George 's War , the French and Indian War , and Pontiac 's Rebellion .
Patrol Squadron FIVE ( VP-5 ) is a long - lived maritime patrol squadron of the United States Navy .
Colonel Lionel Dorling CB , CMG , DSO ( 7 August 1860 -- 11 July 1925 ) was a British Army officer .
Rulan Chao Pian 's parents , the linguist Yuen Ren Chao and the physician and food writer Buwei Yang Chao , were resident in Cambridge beginning in 1920 after Y.R. was appointed to the faculty at Harvard .
Kate Fischer was born on 30 November 1973 in Adelaide , South Australia , the daughter of later politician Pru Goward and university lecturer Alastair Fischer .
Abhishek Bachchan was born on 5 February 1976 to veteran actor of Hindi cinema , Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Bhaduri Bachchan , yesteryears leading actress .
Chen Shen was the fourth son of Chen Shubao , and the oldest son of Chen Shubao 's favorite concubine Consort Zhang Lihua .
Zaynab Khadr was born in Ottawa , Ontario in 1979 , the eldest daughter and first child of Maha el - Samnah and Ahmed Khadr , Egyptian - Canadian citizens .
Nebetiunet ( `` Lady of Dendera '' ; a title of the goddess Hathor ) was a princess of the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt , a daughter of Pharaoh Thutmose III and his Great Royal Wife Merytre - Hatshepsut .
Holmger Knutsson was the eldest son of King Canute II of Sweden and Helena Pedersdatter Strange .
Shi Hong was soon executed with his mother Empress Dowager Cheng and his brothers Shi Hong ( 石宏 , note different character ) the Prince of Qin and Shi Hui ( 石恢 ) the Prince of Nanyang .
Crawford was born William Broderick Crawford in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to Lester Crawford and Helen Broderick , who were both vaudeville performers , as his grandparents had been .
Thutmose II was the son of Thutmose I and a minor wife , Mutnofret .
Jason Donovan was born in Malvern , Melbourne , and is the son of Sue Menlove ( now Sue McIntosh ) and actor Terence Donovan who has English and Irish ancestry .
Maria of Navarre ( French : Marie d'Évreux ; 1329 - -29 April 1347 ) was the eldest child of Philip III of Navarre and Joan II of Navarre .
Perseus was the son of the mortal Danaë and the god Zeus .
Ishmael was born to Abraham and Sarah 's handmaiden Hagar ( Genesis 16:3 ) .
Edzard II , Count of East Frisia was count of East Frisia , ( Greetsiel , 24 June 1532 -- Aurich , 1 March 1599 ) and the son of Enno II of East Frisia and Anna of Oldenburg .
Hemiunu was a son of Prince Nefermaat and his wife Itet , a grandson of Sneferu and relative of Khufu , the Old Kingdom pharaoh .
Her husband Thutmose II was the son of Thutmose I and a secondary wife named Mutnofret , who carried the title King 's daughter and was probably a child of Ahmose I. Hatshepsut and Thutmose II had a daughter named Neferure .
Solomon was born in Jerusalem , the second born child to David and his wife Bathsheba , widow of Uriah the Hittite .
A Gleam 's dam was Calumet 's U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee , Twilight Tear .
Shaad Ali was born to Muzaffar Ali and Subhashini Ali née Sehgal , an Indian politician and member of the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) .
Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born in Houston , Texas , to Celestine Ann `` Tina '' Knowles ( née Beyincé ) , a hairdresser and salon owner , and Mathew Knowles , a Xerox sales manager .
Grand Duchess Catherine Mikhailovna of Russia ( Ekaterina Mikhailovna Romanova ) , ( Russian : Екатерина Михайловна ) ( 28 August 1827 -- 12 May 1894 ) , was the third of five daughters of Grand Duke Michael Pavlovich of Russia , youngest son of Tsar Paul I , and Princess Charlotte of Württemberg .
In Greek mythology , Peneus ( /pəˈniːəs/ ; Greek : Πηνειός ) was a Thessalian river god , one of the three thousand Rivers ( Potamoi ) , a child of Oceanus and Tethys .
Princess Jakobea of Baden ( 16 January 1558 -- 3 September 1597 in Düsseldorf , buried in the St. Lambert Church in Düsseldorf ) was daughter of the Margrave Philibert of Baden - Baden and Mechthild of Bavaria .
Prince George William of Great Britain ( 13 November 1717 -- 17 February 1718 ) was an infant member of the British Royal Family , second son of George II and Caroline of Ansbach who , at the time of his birth , were the Prince and Princess of Wales .
In Greek mythology Phrixus ( /ˈfrɪksəs/ ; also spelt Phryxus ; Greek : Φρίξος , Phrixos ) was the son of Athamas , king of Boeotia , and Nephele ( a goddess of clouds ) .
The Wurm is a left ( western ) tributary of the River Rur ( Roer River ) .
The Niobrara River ( /ˌnaɪ.əˈbrærə/ ; from the Ponca Ní Ubthátha khe pronounced ( nĩꜜ ubɫᶞaꜜɫᶞa kʰe ) , meaning `` water spread - out horizontal - the '' ) is a tributary of the Missouri River , approximately 568 miles ( 914 km ) long , running through the U.S. states of Wyoming and Nebraska .
The Kuta River is a Siberian river north of Lake Baikal in Irkutsk Oblast , Russia , that flows into the Lena River at Ust - Kut .
The Medjerda River ( Tunisian Arabic : واد مجردا‎ ) is a river in North Africa flowing from northeast Algeria through Tunisia before emptying into the Gulf of Tunis and Lake of Tunis .
The Lubefu River is a tributary of the Sankuru River , which in turn is a tributary of the Kasai River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Shashe River ( or Shashi River ) is a major left - bank tributary of the Limpopo River in Zimbabwe .
For the moment , Ankara River is a tributary of the Sakarya River .
The Sormitz is a subsidiary stream of the Loquitz in Thuringia , Germany and is 29.2 km in length .
The Similkameen River runs through southern British Columbia , Canada , eventually discharging into the Okanogan River near Oroville , Washington in the United States .
The Chambal River is a tributary of the Yamuna River in central India , and thus forms part of the greater Gangetic drainage system .
Bulstake Stream , also spelt Bullstake Stream , is a backwater of the River Thames at Oxford , England .
The Rába ( German : Raab ; Hungarian : Rába ; Slovene : Raba ( ˈráːba ) ; Prekmurian : Rába ) is a river in southeastern Austria and western Hungary and a right tributary of the Danube .
The Little Snake River is a tributary of the Yampa River , approximately 155 miles ( 249 km ) long , in southwestern Wyoming and northwestern Colorado in the United States .
The Monocacy River is a free - flowing left tributary to the Potomac River , which empties into the Atlantic Ocean via the Chesapeake Bay .
The Jari River , or Jary River ( Portuguese : Rio Jari ) , is a northern tributary of the Amazon River on the border between the states of Pará and Amapá in northeastern Brazil .
The Bâlea River is a headwater of the Cârțișoara River in Romania .
The Hāwea River is a river of New Zealand , draining Lake Hāwea into the Clutha River .
Trześniówka is a river in Poland , a right tributary of the Vistula ( near the city of Sandomierz ) .
The Kabompo River is one of the main tributaries of the upper Zambezi River river .
Queens Pound River rises on the northern slopes of the Kybeyan Range within Wadbilliga National Park , southwest of the locality of Yowrie and flows generally north and northwest , before reaching its confluence with the Wadbilliga River near the locality of Wadbilliga .
The river flows generally south then south by west and then south , joined by the five tributaries including the Caledonia River East Branch ( which is also joined by the Caledonia River Middle Branch ) , before reaching its confluence with the Macalister River , near The Sisters , in the Shire of Wellington .
The Rum River is a slow , meandering channel that connects Minnesota 's Mille Lacs Lake with the Mississippi River .
The Ilisos is now routed straight to sea , coming to surface and running into the Saronic Gulf in the middle of Phaleron Bay .
The Eau Galle River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in western Wisconsin in the United States .
The Mopan River discharges to the Belize River as the Mopan merges with the Macal River ; the Belize River in turn terminates at the Caribbean Sea .
Supersonic speed is a rate of travel of an object that exceeds the speed of sound ( Mach 1 ) .
Dushanbe means Monday in the Persian language .
In algebraic geometry and commutative algebra , the Zariski topology is a topology on algebraic varieties , introduced primarily by Oscar Zariski and later generalized for making the set of prime ideals of a commutative ring a topological space , called the spectrum of the ring .
The Swabian - Hall swine ( Schwäbisch - Hällische Landschwein ) is a breed of domestic pig originating from Schwäbisch Hall in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
In or around 1007 Emperor Henry II moved St George 's Abbey from its former location on the Hohentwiel in Singen to Stein am Rhein , at that time little more than a small fishing village on the Rhine .
Agra schwarzeneggeri ( Erwin , 2002 ) is a species of carabid beetle named after `` the actor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , in reference to the markedly developed ( biceps - like ) middle femora of the males of this species reminiscent of the actor 's physique . ''
The Angora goat ( Turkish : Ankara keçisi ) is a breed of domestic goat that is named after Ankara , Turkey , historically known as Angora .
Ponticola rizensis is a species of gobiid fish endemic to Turkey where it is known only from the İyidere stream drainage , close to the cities of Rize ( from which the specific name is derived ) and Trabzon .
The Peter principle is a concept in management theory formulated by Laurence J. Peter in which the selection of a candidate for a position is based on the candidate 's performance in their current role , rather than on abilities relevant to the intended role .
The Bradford Hill criteria , otherwise known as Hill 's criteria for causation , are a group of minimal conditions necessary to provide adequate evidence of a causal relationship between an incidence and a possible consequence , established by the English epidemiologist Sir Austin Bradford Hill ( 1897 - -1991 ) in 1965 .
Roth 's spots are named after Moritz Roth .
U.S. Virgin Islands Highway 66 is a major east -- west arterial on St. Croix in the United States Virgin Islands and is named the Melvin H. Evans Highway in honor of the territory 's first elected governor .
The Schottky diode ( named after German physicist Walter H. Schottky ) , also known as hot carrier diode , is a semiconductor diode with a low forward voltage drop and a very fast switching action .
The Erich Fried Prize ( German : Erich - Fried - Preis ) is a literary prize in honour of the Austrian poet Erich Fried , and is awarded annually by the International Erich Fried Association for Literature and Language , based in Vienna .
The Tiebout model , also known as Tiebout sorting , Tiebout migration , or Tiebout hypothesis , is a positive political theory model first described by economist Charles Tiebout in his article `` A Pure Theory of Local Expenditures '' ( 1956 ) .
51823 Rickhusband ( 2001 OY28 ) is an asteroid named for astronaut Rick Husband , who was killed in the STS-107 ( Columbia ) space shuttle reentry disaster on February 1 , 2003 .
West Battery was renamed Castle Clinton in 1815 , its current official name , in honor of New York City Mayor DeWitt Clinton ( who eventually became Governor of New York ) .
Heini - Klopfer - Skiflugschanze ( English : Heini Klopfer Flying Hill ) is a ski flying hill in Oberstdorf , Germany .
Hermann Weyl introduced the term `` Lie algebra '' ( after Sophus Lie ) in the 1930s .
San Giorgio dei Greci ( Greek : Ἅγιος Γεώργιος τῶν Ἑλλήνων , Hágios Geṓrgios tōn Hellḗnōn ; lit . `` Saint George of the Greeks '' ) is a church in the sestiere ( neighborhood ) of Castello , Venice , northern Italy .
The Skittle Bomb also known in France as `` Retreau '' ( pronounced `` Rétro '' ) is an alcoholic bomb shot cocktail that gets its name from its Skittles confectionery taste .
Stenocereus queretaroensis is a species of cactus from Mexico , including the state of Querétaro .
The name `` Great Panjandrum '' was chosen by Shute as a reference to Samuel Foote 's famous extempore nonsense paragraph ( though Foote 's term was actually `` the grand Panjandrum '' ) , and in particular to its closing line `` till the gunpowder ran out at the heels of their boots '' .
Hilbert 's axioms are a set of 20 assumptions proposed by David Hilbert in 1899 in his book Grundlagen der Geometrie ( tr . The Foundations of Geometry ) as the foundation for a modern treatment of Euclidean geometry .
The Octopus was eventually named `` Al '' ( after Joe Louis Arena building operations manager Al Sobotka ) , and every playoff year since , Al the Octopus gets raised to the rafters , when the Red Wings skate out onto the ice .
The genus Darwinius was named in commemoration of the bicentenary of the birth of Charles Darwin , and the species name masillae honors Messel where the specimen was found .
Euler 's identity is named after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler .
Grignard reactions and reagents were discovered by and are named after the French chemist François Auguste Victor Grignard ( University of Nancy , France ) , who was awarded the 1912 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this work .
Descente aux enfers is a psychological thriller set under the sun and heat of the Caribbean , relating the story of a married couple at the breaking point .
The Poisoned Chocolates Case ( 1929 ) is a detective novel by Anthony Berkeley set in 1920s London in which a group of armchair detectives , who have founded the `` Crimes Circle '' , formulate theories on a recent murder case Scotland Yard has been unable to solve .
Eight months later , a now - heterosexual Brüno , under the alias `` Straight Dave '' , hosts a cage - fight match in Arkansas , `` Straight Dave 's Man Slammin ' Maxout '' .
The Sweeter Side of Life is set in New York City , New York and Flemington , New Jersey .
The Moderns is a 1988 film by Alan Rudolph , which takes place in 1926 Paris during the period of the Lost Generation and at the height of modernist literature .
They belong to an organisation called The Protectors , based in London .
Fairly Legal stars Sarah Shahi as Kate Reed , a young woman who changes her profession from lawyer to mediator and works at the San Francisco law firm her father started .
Kidulthood ( rendered as KiDULTHOOD ) is a 2006 British drama film about the life of several teenagers in Ladbroke Grove and Latimer Road area of inner west London .
Ice Cream , I Scream ( Turkish : Dondurmam Gaymak ) is a 2006 Turkish comedy film written and directed by Yüksel Aksu and starring Turan Özdemir , the film 's sole professional actor ; the rest being residents of Muğla , Turkey .
Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant is a 1982 novel by Anne Tyler set in Baltimore , Maryland .
Smaïn ( born Smaïn Fairouze , on January 3 , 1958 in Constantine , Algeria ) is a French comedian , humorist , writer , actor and director of Algerian descent .
Nicolas Cazalé ( born 24 April 1977 in Pau , France ) is a French model and actor who is most noted for his role in the 2004 French film , Le Grand Voyage for which he won a Jury Award for Best Actor at the 2005 Newport International Film Festival .
Manikandan Pattambi ( Malayalam : മണികണ്ഠൻ പട്ടാമ്പി ) is a Malayalam film actor .
Olivier Galzi ( Tunis , 26 October 1971 ) is a French journalist .
Léonie Marie Julie Bathiat ( 15 May 1898 -- 24 July 1992 ) , known professionally as Arletty , was a French actress , singer , and fashion model .
Alex Goude ( born 13 August 1975 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ) is a French television host , author and actor .
Danièle Gégauff ( née Rosencranz , died 2007 ) was a French actress and line producer .
Michèle Laroque ( born June 15 , 1960 ) is a French actress , comedian , humorist , producer and screenwriter .
Adriaan Johan Boudewijn Sirks ( born 14 September 1947 , The Hague ) , known as Boudewijn Sirks and as A. J. B. Sirks , is a Dutch academic lawyer and papyrologist specializing in Roman law .
Paul Lacroix ( April 27 , 1806 -- October 16 , 1884 ) was a French author and journalist .
Nordine Ben Allal ( born 1978 or 1979 ) is a Belgian criminal of Moroccan origin who was condemned for a 27-year prison sentence in June 2004 .
Jennifer Echols is an American writer of romantic fiction for young adults .
Hardy Myers ( born October 25 , 1939 ) is a lawyer and Democratic politician who served three terms as attorney general of the state of Oregon , United States .
Tim Gosley is a Canadian puppeteer who is primarily known for his work on numerous Muppet productions .
Richard C. Breeden ( born December 6 , 1949 ) is a former Chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , hedge fund manager , and corporate chairman .
Branwen Gwyn is a Welsh television presenter from Cardiff .
Philodemus of Gadara ( Greek : Φιλόδημος ὁ Γαδαρεύς , Philodēmos , `` love of the people '' ; c. 110 -- prob . c. 40 or 35 BC ) was an Epicurean philosopher and poet .
Rob Campbell is an actor in stage , television and films .
Jake Adelstein ( born March 28 , 1969 ) is a Jewish American journalist crime writer and blogger who has spent most of his career in Japan .
Hamlet Bareh Ngapkynta was an Indian writer , historian and film director from the Northeast Indian state of Meghalaya .
Soovin Kim ( born 1976 ) is a Korean American violinist .
Fernando Daniel Stern Britzmann , best known by his artistic name Nano Stern ( born in Santiago de Chile , March 30 , 1985 ) is a Chilean singer , multi - instrumentalist and composer of the `` third generation of Chilean singer - songwriters '' who appear after the 1990s .
Edwin Maher is a New Zealand - born TV journalist who now works for CCTV International in Beijing .
Hwangbo Hye - jeong ( Korean : 황보혜정 ; born August 16 , 1980 ) , better known as simply Hwangbo , is a South Korean singer and rapper .
Martin Erik Andersen ( born 1964 ) is a Danish sculptor who also works with drawings , textiles and sound .
David Catherwood ( born 7 May 1956 ) is an Irish composer and conductor , with both vocal and choral works currently in print .
Mathilde Bonnefoy ( born 11 March 1972 ) is a film editor and director who was nominated for an ACE Eddie Award for the editing of the film Run Lola Run ( 1998 ) and won the award for editing the documentary Citizenfour ( 2014 ) .
Fonda Rae is an American rhythm and blues singer best known for her club hits like `` Over Like a Fat Rat '' and `` Touch Me '' ( the latter which was later covered by Cathy Dennis ) .
Jehu Amaziah Orr ( May 10 , 1828 -- March 9 , 1921 ) was a Confederate politician who served in the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War .
Stoyan Christowe ( also known as Stojan Hristoff ) was an American author , journalist and noted Vermont political figure .
Kyra Davis is a New York Times bestselling American novelist , best known for her Just One Night trilogy and the Sophie Katz mystery series .
Deborah Gruen is a former American Paralympic swimmer .
César Lerner is a film composer .
Steve Delaney ( born 1954 ) is an English comedian and character actor , best known for his comedy character Count Arthur Strong on BBC Radio 4 and then a television sitcom broadcast on BBC2 and BBC1 .
Viveki Rai ( born November 19 , 1924 ) is an Indian writer who has penned over fifty books .
Warren Sandel was an American baseball player from 1938 to 1952 .
Jette Bang ( 1914 - -1964 ) was a Danish photographer and film maker who is remembered for the large collection of photographs and films she took in Greenland , depicting the country and the way of life of its inhabitants before their old culture disappeared .
Hede Massing , journalist Paul Massing , Institute for Social Research Columbia University Laurence Duggan , head of United States Department of State Division of American Republics Franz Leopold Neumann , consultant at Board of Economic Warfare ;
Uri Barbash ( Hebrew : אורי ברבש ) is an Israeli film director .
Luther Orlando Emerson was an American musician , composer and music publisher .
Luísa Costa Gomes is a Portuguese chronicler , librettist , novelist , playwright and screenwriter .
DyAnne DiSalvo ( DiSalvo - Ryan ) is an American artist and author of children 's literature , best known for her string of books which focus on building better communities , including City Green ( HarperCollins , 1994 ) and Uncle Willie and the Soup Kitchen ( HarperCollins , 1991 ) .
Tim Dadabo ( born March 1961 ) is an American voice actor and singer .
Amba Shepherd is an Australian singer and songwriter , best known for her collaborations with the Dutch music producer , Hardwell .
Abdolvahab Shahidi ( Persian : عبدالوهاب شهيدی ) is a prominent Iranian barbat player , singer and composer in the classical style born on 1922 in Meymeh ( of Isfahan province ) .
Steve Powers ( born February 25 , 1934 in New York City ) is a musician , journalist and teacher who has had a 45-year career in New York City radio and television , as well as academia .
William Conner ( December 10 , 1777 -- August 28 , 1855 ) was an American trader , interpreter , scout , community leader , entrepreneur , and politician .
Caroline Medora Sale Roe ( born 1943 ) is a Canadian novelist who has written detective novels as Medora Sale and historical mystery novels as Caroline Roe .
Sir Henry David Alastair Capel Miers KBE CMG ( born 1937 ) , commonly known as Sir David Miers , is a British diplomat .
Aubrey Rinehart ( born February 7 ) , is an American model , actress and business woman .
Alexander James Adams ( born November 8 , 1962 ) is an American singer , musician and songwriter in the Celtic and World music genres .
Jørgen Alexander Knudtzon ( September 9 , 1854 -- January 7 , 1917 ) was a Norwegian linguist and historian .
Robert G. Clark , Jr. ( born October 3 , 1928 ) is an American politician from the state of Mississippi and long - term representative to the state house from Holmes County , Mississippi .
Chris Kutalik is a Texas - based journalist and game designer who writes on union and workplace issues .
Norm Letnick ( born 1957 or 1958 ) is a Canadian politician who was first elected as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election and re - elected in 2013 .
Ah Jook Ku ( April 24 , 1910 -- August 6 , 2007 ) was an American journalist , writer , media advocate and public relations practitioner .
Elaine Hatfield ( formerly also known as Elaine Walster ) is an American social psychologist .
Darrell Sandeen ( July 13 , 1930 -- January 22 , 2009 ) was a character actor who specialized in playing menacing or offbeat people .
Johann Jakob Müller ( 1846 - -1875 ) was a notable physiologist and physicist .
Troy Rugless is a former rugby league player for London Crusaders .
David Mancini ( born July 15 , 1970 ) is an American private investigator best known for conducting the investigation into the 2001 disappearance of the brother - in - law of guitarist Slash of the rock band Guns N ' Roses .
Gary Brunotte ( born 1948 ) is an American post - bop jazz musician , noted as a pianist , organist , music arranger , and composer .
Alexander Duane ( September 1 , 1858 -- June 10 , 1926 ) was an American ophthalmologist who was a native of Malone , New York .
Tharit Charungvat is a career diplomat with more than 30-years experience in the Thai Foreign Service .
Clóvis Bornay ( January 10 , 1916 -- October 9 , 2005 ) was a Brazilian museologist , actor , and maker of Carnival costumes for more than 40 years , which made him famous throughout the nation , and he continues to be honored and the subject at Carnival parades today .
Aleksandrs Laime ( also known as Alejandro Laime or Alexander Laime ) was a famous Latvian - born explorer .
Sami Mohammad Ahmed Saleh is a Kuwaiti sculptor and artist .
Bernie Baum ( October 13 , 1929 -- August 28 , 1993 ) was a songwriter who worked extensively with Elvis Presley .
Mark Ettinger is an American singer , songwriter , conductor , multi - instrumentalist , and juggler from New York City .
Neil deGrasse Tyson ( /ˈniːəl dəˈɡræs ˈtaɪsən/ ; born October 5 , 1958 ) is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist , author , and science communicator .
Robin de Levita ( born April 19 , 1959 ) is a Dutch theatre- and television producer , who produced shows on Broadway and West End and won several Tony Awards .
Sir Abel Guobadia OFR ( June 28 , 1932 -- February 4 , 2011 ) was an educator , administrator , diplomat and retired public servant .
Joel West Flood ( August 2 , 1894 -- April 27 , 1964 ) , the brother of Henry De La Warr Flood and uncle of Harry Flood Byrd , was a lawyer and United States Representative from Virginia .
Jakob Vestergaard ( born 3 January 1975 ) is a Danish handball coach who is the manager of the Germany women 's national handball team .
Alevtina Tchalova ( Russian : Алевтина Чалова ) or Alevtina Anatolievna Tchalova Bredikhina ( Алевтина Анатольевна Чалова Бредихина in Russian ) by her full name is a contemporary Russian painter living and working in Orenburg , Russia .
Indra Adhikari ( or I. P. Adhikari ) is a Bhutanese journalist in exile .
Ko Im - pyo is a South Korean film editor .
Later in the year Bruno Verner , Eliete Mejorado , poet Ricardo Domeneck and German singer songwriter Cunt Cunt Chanel go on a mini tour in Belgium organised by Hugo Lorenzetti .
Clancy O'Connor is an American actor who played Edward Rutledge in John Adams , a 2008 television miniseries .
Abraham ben Raphael Caro was an Ottoman rabbi .
Nupur Asthana is an Indian film director and writer known for her work in Hindi cinema and television .
Benjamin Rollins Caldwell ( born September 12 , 1983 ) is an American artist best known for his one - of - a kind pieces and custom projects that use everyday objects and materials to create unique pieces of furniture .
Abel Baer ( March 16 , 1893 -- October 5 , 1976 ) was an American songwriter , associated with Tin Pan Alley .
Byambasuren Sharav ( Mongolian : Бямбасүрэнгийн Шарав , Byambasürengiin Sharav ) , born November 13 , 1952 , is a Mongolian composer and pianist .
Harry Lapidus Stalmaster , known as Hal Stalmaster ( born March 29 , 1940 ) , is an American former actor , known for his lead role in the 1957 Walt Disney film of the American Revolution Johnny Tremain , based on the 1943 Esther Forbes novel of the same name .
Julian Emilio Vitug Ejercito , ( born January 15 , 1996 ) , or more popularly known as Julian Estrada , is a Filipino teen actor .
Władysław Zajączkowski ( April 12 , 1837 in Strzyżów near the Rzeszów -- October 7 , 1898 in Lwów ) was a Polish mathematician .
Antoine Andraos ( born 1950 ) is a Lebanese politician and a vice - president of the Movement of the Future .
Volkan Güç , ( July 16 , 1980 in Adana , Turkey ) is a Turkish volleyball player .
Penda Mbow , born in 1955 , is a historian , an activist , and a Senegalese politician .
Daniel Jason Sudeikis ( /sᵿˈdeɪkɪs/ sə - DAY - kis ; born September 18 , 1975 ) is an American actor , comedian , screenwriter and voice actor .
Ashley Davenport ( February 12 , 1794 -- February 10 , 1874 in Copenhagen , Lewis County , New York ) was an American farmer , merchant and politician from New York .
Dr. Cedric Garland is an epidemiologist known for his research in the field of vitamin D deficiency .
William Henn married Elizabeth Parry ; he was the father of William Henn junior , a Master in Chancery , and grandfather of Jonathan Henn , a barrister , who is best remembered for prosecuting John Mitchel .
Ragnar Kamp ( born April 9 , 1953 ) is a Swedish - American curler and World Champion .
Óscar Pulido ( 1906 - -1974 ) was a Mexican actor who acted in over 100 Mexican films .
John Edward Peck ( born October 10 , 1958 ) , better known by J. Eddie Peck , is an American television and film actor .
Shelley Emling has been a journalist for 20 years .
Michael Erard is an American non - fiction writer and journalist .
Jamal Faisal is a first - class cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes referred to by his nickname , Ujjal .
Tina Malti is a German - Palestinian developmental and clinical psychologist .
Chul Hyun Ahn is a South Korean artist who works primarily with light .
George Oldner ( dates unknown ) was an English cricketer who played in major matches for London Cricket Club during the 1730s .
Benjamin Gan ( February 24 , 1913 - August 4 , 1976 ) , more commomly known as Small Montana , was a Filipino boxer .
José Acquelin ( born April 4 , 1956 in Montreal ) is a Canadian poet from Quebec .
Carolyn S. Gordon is a mathematician and professor of mathematics at Dartmouth College since 1992 .
Matthew Dunster is an English theatre director , playwright and actor .
Mikhail Rudy ( Russian : Михаил Рудый : born April 3 , 1953 ) , is an Uzbekistan - born French pianist , who has won several awards for his recordings including the Grand prix du disque .
Bharat Rangachary was an Indian film director and Producer of Bollywood .
Sarah Applewood ( born Sarah Grimwood , 30 August 1980 ) is a British stage / film actress and singer who , despite having a long theatrical career is best known to the UK public as the face of 2011 Halifax film and TV campaign .
Hugh Benjamin Munson ( January 26 , 1916 -- July 27 , 2003 ) was a physician who performed abortions in Rapid City , South Dakota , both before and after legalization .
Stuart Ross is a Canadian fiction writer , poet , editor , and creative - writing instructor .
Lars Fredrik Beckstrøm ( born January 22 , 1960 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian musician who is mostly known for playing bass in the Norwegian rock band deLillos , but has also recorded several albums under the name Beckstrøm .
Zhang Yanyuan ( simplified Chinese : 张彦远 ; traditional Chinese : 張彥遠 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yànyuǎn ; Wade -- Giles : Chang Yenyüan , ca . 815- ca . 877 ) , courtesy name Aibin ( 爱宾 ) , was a Chinese art historian , scholar , calligrapher and painter of the late Tang Dynasty .
Frances Hardcastle ( August 13 , 1866 -- December 26 , 1941 ) was a mathematician and one of the founding members , in 1894 , of the American Mathematical Society .
Georg Scheffers was a German mathematician specializing in differential geometry .
Lil Suzy is known for her hits `` Take Me in Your Arms '' ( known in Brazil as the Meller 's little princess ) , `` Promise Me '' and `` Ca n't Get You Out of My Mind '' and is a singer and songwriter who was very influential in the freestyle in the early 1990s .
Vinaypal Buttar , sometimes Vinay Pal Buttar , is a Punjabi Actor and Punjabi singer - songwriter .
John Buettner - Janusch ( December 7 , 1924 -- July 2 , 1992 ) , often called `` B - J '' , was an American physical anthropologist who pioneered the application of molecular evolution methods , such as protein sequence comparison , to the field of primate evolution .
Donna Lee Wennerstrom ( born March 30 , 1960 ) , also known by her married name Donna Lee Carlson , is an American former competition swimmer and Pan American Games champion .
Louise Page ( born March 7 , 1955 , London ) is a British playwright .
Sylvester Ahola ( May 24 , 1902 -- February 13 , 1995 ) , a.k.a . Hooley , was a classic jazz trumpeter and cornetist born in Gloucester , Massachusetts .
Kathi Appelt ( born July 6 , 1954 ) is an American children 's writer and writing teacher .
Bedřich Feuerstein ( January 15 , 1892 -- May 10 , 1936 ) was a Czech architect , painter and essayist .
Robert Rave ( born June 10 , 1974 , Bloomington , Illinois ) is an American book author and writer .
Barton G. Weiss , known as Barton G. , is an events creator , restaurateur and culinary artist who founded his Miami - based company , Barton G. in 1993 .
Sarah Caldwell ( March 6 , 1924 -- March 23 , 2006 ) was an American opera conductor , impresario , and stage director of opera .
Phyllis Mangina ( born January 3 , 1959 ) is an American former college basketball coach of the Seton Hall Pirates .
Stepan Skitalets ( Russian : Степа́н Скита́лец ) , ( November 9 , 1869 -- June 25 , 1941 ) , was the pen - name of Stepan Gavrilovich Petrov , a Russian / Soviet poet , writer of fiction and folk musician .
Gary Mallaber ( born October 11 , 1946 in Buffalo , New York ) is a Los Angeles session drummer , percussionist and singer .
Tom Rack is a Canadian actor , who has starred in over 50 different films and television programs during his career .
Calvin Grove ( born August 5 , 1962 in Coatesville , Pennsylvania ) was a boxer in the Featherweight division .
After their partnership ended , Alan Root continued his association with Survival as a cinematographer , producing his own films and guiding the early African work of camera team Mark Deeble and Victoria Stone , while latterly also acting as adviser to the series .
Jovan I. Deretić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јован Деретић , born 18 January 1939 ) , is a controversial Serbian alternate historian .
Orlando Guerra ( gayr'-rah ; September 20 , 1914 -- March 20 , 1973 ) , better known as Cascarita , was a popular Cuban singer who specialized in guaracha and son montuno .
Alfred A. Cohn ( March 26 , 1880 -- February 3 , 1951 ) was an author , journalist and newspaper editor , Police Commissioner , and screenwriter of the 1920s and 1930s .
Ilija Isajlovski ( Macedonian : Илија Исајловски ) is a Macedonian diplomat and is the Ambassador of Macedonia to Russia , presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 16 December 2009 .
Franz San Galli ( Russian : Франц Карлович Сан Галли , Franz Karlovich San Galli ) ( 1824 - -1908 ) was a prominent Russian public figure , entrepreneur and inventor .
Crista Moore is an American actress , singer , and dancer known for her work on the Broadway stage .
Stefan Gates ( born 19 September 1967 , in London ) is a British television presenter , author , broadcaster and live - show performer who writes mostly about food and science .
Leo Steinberg ( July 9 , 1920 -- March 13 , 2011 ) was an American art critic and art historian and a naturalized citizen of the U.S.
Wayne Cohen is a songwriter , producer , artist developer , and music educator whose songs include Top 10 hit singles and # 1 albums , which have sold more than 5 million , in the U.S. , UK , Europe , Australia / New Zealand and Asia .
Sujata Madhok is an Indian activist and developmental journalist specializing in women 's issues .
Geoff Monty was an English professional motorcycle racer , constructor , rider - sponsor and retail dealer , initially based in Kingston on Thames and later -- under the name Monty and Ward --
Scott Curtis ( born May 5 , 1976 , in Van Nuys , California , USA ) is an American actor and musician .
Rostanh or Rostaing Berenguier de Marselha was an early fourteenth - century troubadour and Hospitaller from Marseille .
Joe Sostilio ( January 3 , 1915 -- July 9 , 2000 ) was a Hall of Fame auto racing driver from Natick , Massachusetts .
Herbert John Webber ( December 27 , 1865 -- January 18 , 1946 ) was an American plant physiologist , professor emeritus of sub - tropical horticulture , first director of the University of California Citrus Experiment Station , and the third curator of the University of California Citrus Variety Collection .
Chester Chou ( Chinese : 周萬來 ; pinyin : Zhōu Wànlái ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Nuada ua Bolcain is the first recorded abbot of Tuam after Jarlath .
Judge Fausto Pocar ( born 1939 ) is an Italian jurist .
Sean R. Garner is a physicist currently working on a diverse suite of projects for Palo Alto Research Center ( PARC ) , in San Francisco , CA .
Les Parrott , III , Ph.D. , is a professor of clinical psychology for Seattle Pacific University , author , motivational speaker , and an ordained Nazarene minister .
William Baziotes ( June 11 , 1912 -- June 6 , 1963 ) was an American painter influenced by Surrealism and was a contributor to Abstract Expressionism .
Jacob Wolfowitz ( March 19 , 1910 -- July 16 , 1981 ) was a Polish - born American statistician and Shannon Award - winning information theorist .
Bárbara Garofalo ( born August 1992 ) is a Venezuelan actress , dancer and former teen idol .
Jorrit van der Kooi ( born August 8 , 1972 in Rheden , Gelderland ) is a Dutch - born film and TV director and presenter .
Enrico Fazzini , D.O. , Ph.D. is a neurologist and an osteopathic physician .
Osman Soykut ( born January 1 , 1957 ) , better known by his stage name Ozman Sirgood , is an American actor of Turkish and East European heritage .
Sherine Tadros is a broadcast journalist , working for Sky News .
Helmy Rafla ( May 15 , 1909 -- April 22 , 1978 ; Arabic : حلمي رفلة ) was an Egyptian film director , writer , and producer .
John Fanning Watson ( June 13 , 1779 - December 23 , 1860 ) was a Philadelphia antiquarian and amateur historian , best known as the author of Annals of Philadelphia ( 1830 ) .
Toby Creswell ( born 21 May 1955 ) is an Australian music journalist and pop - culture writer .
Josh Quayhagen ( born August 30 , 1986 ) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the lightweight division .
Johan Herman Bavinck ( November 22 , 1895 -- June 23 , 1964 ) was a Dutch pastor , missionary and theologian .
Glenn Horiuchi ( February 27 , 1955 -- June 3 , 2000 ) was an American jazz pianist , composer , and shamisen player .
Allen Cunningham ( born March 28 , 1977 ) is an American professional poker player who has won five World Series of Poker bracelets .
Anne Tyler ( born October 25 , 1941 ) is a Pulitzer Prize - winning American novelist , short story writer , and literary critic .
Lord Frederick Beauclerk ( 1773 - -1850 ) was an outstanding but controversial English first - class cricketer for 35 years from 1791 to 1825 .
Nicole Francine Aiello ( born June 9 , 1983 ) is an American R&B singer - songwriter , known by her stage name , Frankee .
Sir Lionel Alexander Bethune Pilkington OBE FRS ( 1920 - -1995 ) , always known as Sir Alastair Pilkington , was a British engineer and businessman who invented and perfected the float glass process for commercial manufacturing of plate glass .
Kenny Inglis is a musician , composer and music producer from Glasgow , Scotland .
Blaine Kelly is a current Gaelic football player with St Marys , Saggart and Dublin .
Moe Z. Win ( Burmese : မိုးဇော်ဝင်း , pronounced : ( mó zɔ̀ wɪ́ɴ ) ) is a Burmese - American mathematician and electrical engineer known for his work in wireless communications .
Armand Cabrera ( born June 5 , 1955 in San Francisco , California ) is an American oil painter recognized for his en plein air landscape art , seascapes , cityscapes , still lifes and figurative works .
Domitius Modestus ( floruit 358 - 377 ) was a politician of the Roman Empire .
Zach Ashton is a self - taught musician , recording artist and producer .
Kees Verhoeven ( born April 25 , 1976 in Utrecht ) is a Dutch politician and geographer .
Reza Naji is an Iranian actor and an iconic figure of Iranian cinema .
Betsy Brannon Green ( born June 1 , 1958 ) is a Latter Day Saint mystery / suspense novelist .
Luke Nolen is an Australian jockey best known for riding mare Black Caviar to 22 of her 25 consecutive wins .
Benjamin Julian Kaston ( July 2 , 1906 -- August 24 , 1985 ) , widely known as B. J. Kaston , was an American arachnologist .
After his ordination as a priest St. Carláen founded a monastery in Oneilland , probably on land owned by his family .
John T. Mills ( November 12 , 1817 -- November 30 , 1871 ) was an American lawyer who served as a Supreme Court Justice for the Republic of Texas .
Nicolas Vilant ( 1737 - 1807 ) was a mathematician from Scotland in the 18th century , known by his textbooks .
Björn Danielsson ( born August 14 , 1977 ) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey player currently assistant coach in IF Sundsvall Hockey team in the Swedish HockeyAllsvenskan league .
Eugenia Ostapciuc ( Russian : Евгения Владимировна Остапчук ) ( born October 19 , 1947 , Fîntîniţa , Moldova ) is a Moldovan politician , member of the Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova .
Yuan Jing ( simplified Chinese : 袁静 ; traditional Chinese : 袁靜 ; pinyin : Yuán Jìng ; born March 27 , 1987 in Wuxi , Jiangsu ) is a Chinese sport shooter .
Bertran Folcon d'Avignon or Bertran Folco d'Avinhon ( fl . 1202 - -1233 ) was a Provençal nobleman and troubadour from Avignon .
Scarlett Johansson ( /dʒoʊˈhænsən/ joh - HAN - sən ; born November 22 , 1984 ) is an American actress , model , and singer .
Marisol Aguirre - Morales Prouvé ( born April 1 , 1971 ) is a French Peruvian actress , TV host and model .
Mirta Roses Periago is an Argentine epidemiologist and the Director of the Pan American Health Organization ( PAHO ) until January 31 , 2013 .
Suhasini Raj is a journalist based in India .
Julio Carreras ( h ) ( born August 19 , 1949 ) is an Argentine writer ( author of 12 books ) and former guerrilla fighter .
Roberto Firpo ( May 10 , 1884 -- June 14 , 1969 ) was an Argentine tango pianist , composer , and leader .
Edo Castro ( born May 24 , 1957 ) is an American jazz bassist and composer .
Patricia Adair Gowaty is an American evolutionary biologist .
John Jarratt ( born 5 August 1952 ) is an Australian television and film actor , producer and director , who rose to fame through his work in the Australian New Wave .
Late in 1937 , Geo Bogza traveled to Spain as a war correspondent in the Civil War , supporting the Republican side .
Song Zhiwen ( simplified Chinese : 宋之问 ; traditional Chinese : 宋之問 ; c. 660 - -712 ) was a Chinese poet considered to be of the Tang poetry tradition of the Tang Dynasty , although technically his poetic career was largely within the anomalous dynastic interregnum of Wu Zetian .
Rabah Labiod ( born 26 March 1948 in Constantine ) he is a former Algerian boxer , who competed at the 1968 Summer Olympic Games in the welterweight event , unfortunately he lost in the first round .
Allan Holtz is a comic strip historian who researches and writes about newspaper comics for his Stripper 's Guide blog , launched in 2005 .
Charlie Carver ( born Charles Carver Martensen ; July 31 , 1988 ) is an American actor known for his role as Porter Scavo in the ABC television series Desperate Housewives .
Dave Harris ( born February 25 , 1971 ) is an American disc jockey , songwriter , and musician .
Breon Mitchell ( born Bert Breon Mitchell ; 1942 ) is a ( retired ) American professor of Germanic Studies and translator .
Victoria Baker is a French singer - songwriter , actress , composer , lyricist , writer , producer and director .
Jack Owen is an American musician , best known as a renowned guitarist in the death metal genre .
Georges André ( July 26 , 1876 -- March 19 , 1945 ) was a French curler who won bronze at the Winter Olympics 1924 .
Mohammed Al - Mansor ( Arabic : محمد المنصور‎ ; Born July 9 , 1948 ) is a Kuwaiti actor , He belong to the family of Acting , as well as begin actor he is the presenter of TV programme , his last programme called `` Twho Al - iLal .
Chartchai Ngamsan ( Thai : ชาติชาย งามสรรพ , born 1973 ) is a Thai actor .
Giles Walker is a Scottish - born Canadian film director .
Roberto Horcades Figueira ( born April 19 , 1947 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian cardiologist .
Oberlin Smith ( March 22 , 1840 - July 19 , 1926 ) was an American engineer who published one of the earliest works dealing with magnetic recording in 1888 .
Mattias Bhatt is a Swedish musician , multi - instrumentalist and songwriter , known as the guitarist and founding member of the Swedish post - rock band pg.lost .
Rose Marie Muraro ( Rio de Janeiro , November 11 , 1930 -- Rio de Janeiro , June 21 , 2014 ) was a Brazilian sociologist , writer , intellectual and feminist .
Flavius Claudius Antonius ( fl . 370 - -380s ) was a Roman politician under the reigns of Valentinian I , Gratian and Theodosius I. He was appointed consul in AD 382 alongside Flavius Afranius Syagrius .
Tina Britt ( born Tina Brittingham , 1938 ) is an American R&B singer who had two hits on the Billboard R&B chart in the 1960s .
Mikhail Olegovich Yefremov ( Russian : Михаи́л Оле́гович Ефре́мов ; born November 10 , 1963 ) is a Russian film and stage actor , Meritorious Artist of Russian Federation ( 1995 ) .
Roberto Alemann ( born December 22 , 1922 ) is an Argentine lawyer , economist , publisher , and academic .
John Peter Van Ness ( November 4 , 1769 -- March 7 , 1846 ) was an American politician who was a United States Representative from New York and the tenth Mayor of Washington DC . Born in Ghent , New York to an old Dutch family .
Wong Chin - chu ( Chinese : 翁金珠 ; pinyin : Wēng Jīnzhū ; Wade -- Giles : Wōng Chīn - chū ; born 31 January 1947 ) , a Taiwanese politician , is a member of the Legislative Yuan .
George Willis Kirkaldy ( 1873 -- February 2 , 1910 ) was an English entomologist who specialised on Hemiptera .
Guillermo Ayoví Erazo ( born November 10 , 1930 ) better known as Papá Roncón is an Afro - Ecuadorian musician , singer , and marimba player .
William Orville Ayres ( September 11 , 1817 -- April 30 , 1887 ) was an American physician and ichthyologist .
Rosmarie Waldrop ( born August 24 , 1935 ) , née Sebald , is a contemporary American poet , translator and publisher .
Devyani Saltzman is a Canadian author , curator and journalist .
Nino Katamadze ( Georgian : ნინო ქათამაძე ) is a Georgian jazz singer and artist .
Michael Wertheimer ( born February 6 , 1957 ) is a cryptologic mathematician .
Ralph Woodrow is an Evangelical Christian minister , speaker and presently the author of sixteen books .
Rosemary Smith ( born 7 August 1937 ) is a rally driver from Dublin , Ireland .
George Tsutakawa ( February 22 , 1910 -- December 18 , 1997 ) was an American painter and sculptor best known for his avant - garde bronze fountain designs .
Peter Theobalds is an English born musician and artist .
Gordon Ridings was an American college men 's basketball coach .
Robert Lee Sudduth IV ( born August 23 , 1956 ) , generally known by his stage name Skipp Sudduth , is an American theater , film , and TV actor .
Ginger Orsi ( born May 13 , 1984 in California ) is an American singer and former actress .
Latha Rajinikanth ( born Latha Rangachari ) is an Indian philanthropist , film producer , playback singer , and the wife of actor Rajinikanth .
Tetsuji Kato is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competed in the welterweight and lightweight divisions .
Wil Seabrook ( born October 25 , 1976 ) is a musician , singer , and songwriter from Morganton , North Carolina .
Alexander Bryan Johnson ( May 29 , 1786 -- September 9 , 1867 ) was an American philosopher and banker .
Başar Sabuncu ( September 9 , 1943 -- June 17 , 2015 ) , was a Turkish film director , screenwriter , cinematographer and occasional actor .
Colleen Coover ( born July 14 , 1969 ) is a comic book artist , known as creator of the lesbian - themed erotic comic book Small Favors from Eros Comix , illustrator of the comic book limited series Banana Sunday from Oni Press , and for illustrating several short stories in X - Men :
Franz Ritter von Hauer , or Franz von Hauer ( January 30 , 1822 -- March 20 , 1899 ) , was an Austrian geologist .
İbrahim Adnan Saraçoğlu ( 1949 , Safranbolu ) is a Turkish chemistry professor , biochemist , microbiologist and researcher .
Karyn Monk is a Canadian best - selling writer of historical romance novels since 1994 .
Max Dreyfus ( April 1 , 1874 -- May 12 , 1964 ) was a German - born American music publisher , arranger and songwriter .
Nicky Mehta is a mezzo singer - songwriter , and member of Canadian folk trio The Wailin ' Jennys .
Yousra ( /ˈjɔːsrə/ YAWS - rə ; Arabic : يسرا‎ , IPA : ( ˈjosɾɑ , ˈjʊsɾɑ ) ) is an Egyptian actress and singer .
Erika Holzer is an American novelist and essayist who was a member of Ayn Rand 's inner circle .
Marco Banderas ( born February 13 , 1967 ) is a Uruguayan - born Spanish pornographic actor and aspiring singer .
Phil Buckman ( born November 18 , 1969 ) is a musician , voiceover artist , and actor .
Bertha Steedman ( 1865 -- January 11 , 1945 ) was a British tennis player who won nine double titles at the Wimbledon Championships between 1889 and 1899 .
Michael James MacDonald ( August 8 , 1909 - -July 3 , 1997 ) was a union leader , coal miner , volunteer firefighter and politician in Nova Scotia .
Simone Cecchetti ( born September 14 , 1973 ) is an Italian portrait photographer .
Larry Kert ( December 5 , 1930 -- June 5 , 1991 ) was an American actor , singer , and dancer .
Håkan Fredriksson ( born December 18 , 1970 ) is a Swedish producer and musician .
Dale Van Atta ( born 1951 ) is a speaker , novelist , and journalist .
Allan Olsen ( born in Grønholt , Vendsyssel on March 18 , 1956 ) is a Danish folkrock musician and singer - songwriter .
Arno Esch ( February 6 , 1928 -- July 24 , 1951 ) was a German liberal politician of the late 1940s in the Soviet Occupation Zone .
James Israel Standifer ( September 10 , 1779 -- August 20 , 1837 ) was an American politician that represented Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives .
Isidore of Alexandria ( /ˈɪzɨˌdɔr/ or /ˈɪzɨˌdoʊr/ ; or Isidorus /ˌɪzɨˈdɔrəs/ or /ˌɪzɨˈdɒrəs/ , Greek : Ἰσίδωρος ; c. 450 - -c . 520 ) was an Egyptian or Greek philosopher and one of the last of the Neoplatonists .
Larry Muhoberac ( born Lawrence Gordon Muhoberac , Jr. ; February 12 , 1937 ) is an American musician , producer , and composer who at various times has also been known as Larry Owens and Larry Gordon .
Edwin San Juan ( born February 24 , 1969 ) is a Filipino American actor and comedian who is known for sharing his multicultural life experiences , his observational humor , word play and for poking fun at ethnic stereotypes .
Badri Shoshitaishvili is a Georgian politician and former Minister of Industry for Georgia .
Dianne Kahura ( b. May 1 , 1969 ) is a former rugby union player for the Black Ferns .
Charles Humphrey ( February 14 , 1792 -- April 17 , 1850 ) , was an American lawyer and politician who served as United States Representative from New York .
Nathalie Cox is a British actress and model also known as Natalie Cox .
Sigrid Rondelez ( born March 17 , 1971 in Bruges ) is a Belgian windsurfer , who specialized in Mistral and Neil Pryde RS :
Mike Marquez , better known by his stage name Mike Mictlan , is a rapper based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Marianne Cusato is a designer , educator , author , and urban designer based in Miami , Florida .
John Stehr ( born August 20 , 1958 , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) , is an American television journalist .
Ryan Scott Oliver ( born August 27 , 1984 ) is a musical theatre composer and lyricist .
Joseph Tom , better known by his stage name JT the Bigga Figga , is an American rapper and producer from the Fillmore neighborhood of San Francisco , California .
Johnny Hines ( 1895 - 1970 ) was an American actor active primarily during the silent era , who did not transition well into talking pictures .
Matt Chilton is a sports journalist , commentator and presenter .
Shanti Wintergate is a Canadian / American singer , songwriter , musician , actor and author .
Tena Štivičić ( pronounced ( tɛ̝̌ːna ʃtîv̞itʃitɕ ) ; born 1977 ) is a Croatian playwright .
Jon Willis is a fencer living in Stockport , England .
Alexandre Imperatori ( born April 19 , 1987 in Châtel Saint Denis ) is a Swiss racing driver but lives in Shanghai , China .
Peter Oliphant is an American actor best known for playing Freddie Helper on The Dick Van Dyke Show .
Xing Aihua ( born February 4 , 1978 ) is Chinese long - track speed - skater .
Wallace M. Fay ( January 30 , 1896 -- April 25 , 1976 ) was a Vermont business executive and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives .
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel ( born November 26 , 1931 ) is an Argentine human rights activist , community organizer , pacifist , art painter , writer and sculptor .
Andrew Thatcher is an Australian born actor and film director .
Lawrence Dennis ( December 25 , 1893 -- August 20 , 1977 ) was an American diplomat , consultant and author .
Karel Sedláček ( born 17 February 1979 ) is a Czech darts player , currently playing in British Darts Organisation events .
John Paul Tremblay ( born January 1 , 1968 ) is a Canadian actor who stars in the hit Canadian TV show Trailer Park Boys playing Julian , a newly released ex - con returning to his home in a trailer park in Nova Scotia .
Paul Hearty is a Gaelic football player from Armagh , Northern Ireland .
Toby McFarlan Pond is an English still life photographer who works in fashion , music , and advertising .
Christian Niccum ( born January 27 , 1978 ) is a retired American luger who has competed since 1996 on the World Cup tour .
Khalifa AlJaziri ( Arabic : خليفة الجزيري ; born July 23 , 1979 ) is an Emirati entrepreneur , co - founder of e - Home AUTOMATION and a notable UAE young business leader .
William Porter ( died 1436 ) of Wimpole , Cambridgeshire , was an English politician .
M. Padmakumar is an Indian film director in Malayalam cinema .
Greg McAulay ( born January 2 , 1960 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian World champion curler from Richmond , British Columbia .
Pamela Silva Conde ( born August 16 , 1981 ) is a Peruvian American six time Emmy award winning journalist and co - anchor of the Univision Network 's weekday newsmagazine , `` Primer Impacto '' ( First Impact ) one of the highest rating programs in the United States and in 12 Latin - American countries .
Jane Kean ( April 10 , 1923 -- November 26 , 2013 ) was an American actress and singer , whose career in show business spanned seven decades and included appearing in nightclubs , on recordings , and in radio , television , Broadway and films .
Jacen Tan is a Singaporean independent film director , and has been named by The Straits Times Life ! as one of Singapore 's `` most exciting young talents '' .
Ida May Park ( December 28 , 1879 -- June 13 , 1954 ) was an American screenwriter and film director of the silent era , in the early 20th century .
Tia London ( born Latia Bell , July 22 , 1988 , Chicago , Illinois , United States ) is an American singer - songwriter and rapper .
František Vymazal ( November 6 , 1841 -- April 6 , 1917 ) was a Czech polyglot and language textbooks writer .
Declan Hill is a journalist , academic and consultant .
Ada Jessamine Shumate ( born on March 31 , 1902 as Ada Jessamine White in Horsepasture , Virginia - died on December 16 , 1990 in Greenville , North Carolina ) was an American artist , historian and cartographer , winner of the `` Award of Distinction '' in 1955 from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts .
Willis Burks II ( October 25 , 1935 -- November 21 , 2010 ) , sometimes credited as Willis Burks or Willis Burks , Jr. , was an American television , film , stage and voice actor whose acting career spanned more than thirty years .
August Blom ( 1869 - 1947 ) was a Danish film director , production leader and pioneer of silent films during the `` golden age '' of Danish filmmaking from 1910 to 1914 .
Zacharias Papantoniou ( Greek : Ζαχαρίας Παπαντωνίου , Zacharias Papandoniou ) was a Greek writer .
Brenda Burns ( born November 22 , 1950 ) is an American politician , real estate agent and member of the Republican Party from the state of Arizona who served as a member of the Arizona Corporation Commission from 2011 to 2015 .
Shelley Hardy ( born May 19 , 1982 in Labrador City , Newfoundland and Labrador as Shelley Nichols ) is a Canadian curler from St. John 's .
Emmanuel Tzanes ( Greek : Εμμανουήλ Τζάνες , 1610 -- 28 March 1690 ) , also known as Buniales ( Greek : Μπουνιαλής ) , was a Greek Renaissance painter .
Christian Rakovsky ( August 13 ( O.S. August 1 ) 1873 -- September 11 , 1941 ) was a Bulgarian socialist revolutionary , a Bolshevik politician and Soviet diplomat ; he was also noted as a journalist , physician , and essayist .
Justus Buchler ( March 27 , 1914 -- March 19 , 1991 ) was an American philosopher , author and professor .
John Allen Campbell ( October 8 , 1835 -- July 14 , 1880 ) was a politician and officer in the U.S. Army .
Reynold B. Johnson ( July 16 , 1906 -- September 15 , 1998 ) was an American inventor and computer pioneer .
Lisi Raskin ( born 1974 ) is a New York based artist known for creating large - scale , architectural environments that refer to the often clandestine fallout shelters and missile silos constructed during the Cold War .
José Medel ( June 21 , 1938 - January 31 , 2001 ) , sometimes introduced as Joe Medel , was a Mexican boxer in the Featherweight division .
Janus del Prado born as Janus Renato Robles Mateo del Prado on November 19 , 1984 , is a Filipino actor and comedian and he is the youngest son of veteran action star Renato Del Prado and Amelia Robles - del Prado .
William D. Bond ( commonly Bill Bond ) ( born January 2 , 1931 ) is an inventor and mechanical engineer who retired from General Motors after spending his entire career with the car maker .
Vilmos Zsigmond , ASC ( June 16 , 1930 -- January 1 , 2016 ) was a Hungarian - American cinematographer .
Laurence McGivern ( born September 22 , 1992 ) is a retired Irish Paralympic swimmer from Rostrevor , County Down , Northern Ireland .
Vempati Chinna Satyam ( October 15 , 1929 -- July 29 , 2012 ) was an Indian dancer and a guru of the Kuchipudi dance form .
Rich Karlgaard is an American journalist , bestselling author , award - winning entrepreneur , and speaker .
Salli Setta is an American restaurateur and businesswoman .
Deepa Bhaskar ( Kannada : ದೀಪಾ ಭಾಸ್ಕರ್ ) is an Indian film and theatre actor , voice artist and classical dancer .
Justin Huang ( Chinese : 黃健庭 ; pinyin : Huáng Jiàntíng ) is a Taiwanese politician .
Michael Tellinger is a South African author , songwriter and politician .
Vincent Berthier de Lioncourt is a French composer and musician and , with Philippe Beaussant , co - founder of the Centre de Musique Baroque de Versailles .
Vaine Wilton Ivie ( March 28 , 1907 -- August 8 , 1969 ) was an American arachnologist , who described hundreds of new species and many new genera of spiders , both under his own name and in collaboration with Ralph Vary Chamberlin .
Eric Simpson is an American women 's basketball coach who most recently served as the head coach at Loyola University Chicago from 2009 until resigning at the end of the 2012 - -13 season .
Christopher Widmer ( May 15 , 1780 - May 3 , 1858 ) was a British born physician and surgeon who spent much of his career in Canada .
Hans Zantema ( 1956 ) is a Dutch mathematician and computer scientist , and professor at Radboud University in Nijmegen , known for his work on termination analysis .
Dr. Ben Isitt ( born ca . 1978 ) is a Canadian historian and legal scholar with expertise in the relationship between social movements and the state .
Brian Larsen ( born April 9 , 1986 , in Laurel , Maryland ) is a multi - instrumentalist , singer , and record producer .
Irwin Heilner ( b. New York City , May 14 , 1908 ; d. January 18 , 1991 ) was an American composer of contemporary classical music .
Swapnil Joshi ( born October 18 , 1977 ) is an Indian film and television actor , in Hindi and Marathi languages .
Man Mountain Dean ( June 30 , 1891 -- May 29 , 1953 ) , born Frank Simmons Leavitt , was a professional wrestler of the early 1900s .
Janice Kaplan is an American novelist , magazine editor , and television producer .
Julie Strain ( born February 18 , 1962 ) is an American actress and model who was Penthouse Pet of the Month in June 1991 and later chosen as the magazine 's Pet of the Year in 1993 .
Yi So - yeon ( born June 2 , 1978 ) is a biotechnologist and astronaut who became the first Korean to fly in space .
Juliusz Wyrzykowski ( born June 6 , 1946 ; died November 11 , 2002 ) was a Polish movie and stage actor .
Norman Tipton is a British actor who worked primarily on television in the 1970s .
Atul Agnihotri is an Indian film actor , producer , and director .
J. A. Milton Perera ( 1938 - - October 24 , 1991 ) was a leading playback singer of Sri Lankan cinema during the 1960s and 1970s .
Cirroc Lofton ( born August 7 , 1978 ) is an American actor who started his career at nine years of age with many minor roles .
Dick Kulpa is an American cartoonist best known for his work for Cracked and Weekly World News .
Vetcho Lolas , friend of Shaggy Sharufa and N'Guessan Amessan , said Bébi Philippe worked as a disc jockey in one of the biggest maquis Abidjanais .
Julian Knowles is an Australian composer and performer , specialising in new and emerging technologies .
Abdullah Al - Eyaf ( Arabic : عبدالله آل عياف‎ ; born October 31 , 1976 ) is a Saudi film director also known as Abdullah Al Eyaf and Abdullah Aleyaf .
Jennifer Castle is a Canadian singer - songwriter , based in Toronto , Ontario .
Lucy Toulmin Smith ( 1838 - -1911 ) was an Anglo - American antiquarian and librarian , known for her first publication of the York Mystery Plays and other early works .
Lyn Gardner is a British theatre critic , writer and journalist , who works for The Guardian .
Robert Irving III ( born October 27 , 1953 ) is an American pianist , composer , arranger and music educator .
Jake Niall is a sports journalist at The Age in Melbourne , Australia .
Colonel Henry C. Bradsby , often credited as H.C. Bradsby , was a late 19th - century historian and biographer .
Thomas Cooper Huckabee ( born May 8 , 1951 ) is an American film and television actor who is best remembered for appearing in The Funhouse and Urban Cowboy and for his role as Harrison in the 1993 film Gettysburg .
Jay Allison is an American independent public radio producer and broadcast journalist .
Javier Parrado ( born 1964 ) is a Bolivian classical composer , whose works have been performed in Europe , and Latin America .
Catherine Palmer is an American Christian novelist .
Victor David Brenner ( born Viktoras Baranauskas ; June 12 , 1871 -- April 5 , 1924 ) was a Litvak - American sculptor , engraver , and medalist known primarily as the designer of the United States Lincoln Cent .
John George Reitci ( February 26 , 1922 -- April 25 , 1983 ) was an American writer of detective fiction who wrote under the name Jack Ritchie .
Vincent Zhuk - Hryshkevich ( Belarusian : Вінцэнт Жук-Грышкевіч , February 10 , 1903 , Budsław -- February 14 , 1989 , Barrie ) was a Belarusian politician and teacher .
Chris Farren is an American country music songwriter and record producer .
Jann Arden ( born Jann Arden Anne Richards ; March 27 , 1962 ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter . She was famous for her signature ballads , Could I Be Your Girl and Insensitive , which is so far her biggest hit .
Peter Biskind is an American cultural critic , film historian , journalist , former executive editor of Premiere magazine from 1986 to 1996 , and the author of books depicting life in Hollywood , including Seeing Is Believing , Easy Riders , Raging Bulls , Down and Dirty Pictures , and Gods and Monsters .
Alican Kaynar ( born October 30 , 1988 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish yacht racer competing in the Finn class .
Richard McMeekin was a politician in the Canadian province of Ontario , who served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 1937 .
John Bancker Aycrigg ( July 9 , 1798 -- November 8 , 1856 ) was an American politician who represented New Jersey in the United States House of Representatives from 1837 to 1839 and 1841 to 1843 .
Giorgos Provias ( Greek : Γιώργος Προβιάς ) is a Greek dancer , actor and choreographer , the creator of the staple Greek `` folk '' dance Sirtaki .
François M. Angers served as a judge on the Tax Court of Canada .
Noel McMeel is an Irish chef who is executive head chef at Lough Erne Golf Resort and Hotel in Enniskillen , Co. Fermanagh .
Gil Montilla ( born September 11 , 1876 -- July 20 , 1946 ) was a Filipino politician who served as Speaker of the National Assembly from 1935 to 1938 , and a member of the Philippine Senate from Negros Occidental from 1931 to 1935 .
Lu Leonard ( June 5 , 1926 -- May 14 , 2004 ) , the daughter of character actor Hal Price , was an American actress .
Henry Faithful ( August 10 , 1794 -- February 17 , 1851 ) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex .
Valerios Leonidis ( Greek : Βαλέριος Λεωνίδης ; born February 14 , 1966 ) is a Greek former weightlifter and current weightlifting trainer .
Jeff F. King ( sometimes credited simply as Jeff King ) is a Canadian screenwriter , comic writer , television producer and film director .
Nayer Regalado better known by the mononym Nayer ( sometimes stylized as NAYER ! ) , is a Latin pop singer .
Patsy Keever ( born December 20 , 1947 ) is a North Carolina educator and Democratic politician .
Tatsuo Hasegawa ( 長谷川 龍雄 , Hasegawa Tatsuo , February 8 , 1916 -- April 29 , 2008 ) was a Japanese automotive engineer , and known as the development chief of the first Toyota Corolla .
Kintu Musoke , ( born 5 August 1938 ) , is a Ugandan politician , closely associated with President Yoweri Museveni .
Arnett Howard ( born September 6 , 1950 ) is an African American jazz musician , journalist , teacher , author , historian , and official ambassador for Columbus , Ohio .
Audrey Wells ( born April 29 , 1960 ) is an American screenwriter , film director , and producer .
Giovanni Felice Sances ( also Sancies , Sanci , Sanes , Sanchez , ca . 1600 -- 24 November 1679 ) was an Italian singer and a Baroque composer .
Otis Turner ( November 29 , 1862 -- March 28 , 1918 ) was an American director , screenwriter and producer .
In 1939 , Leonor Orosa - Goquingco was the only dancer sent on the first cultural mission to Japan , at the age of 19 .
Jud Strunk ( June 11 , 1936 - -October 5 , 1981 ) was an American singer , songwriter and comedian .
Ruperto Donoso ( November 10 , 1914 - August 16 , 2001 ) was a jockey in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing best known for riding Phalanx to victory in the 1947 Belmont Stakes .
Jennifer Valoppi is an award winning journalist who has been recognized four times on the floor of the United States Congress , and is a 2006 recipient of Florida Governor Jeb Bush 's Points of Light Award .
Jason Goldwatch ( born September 1 , 1976 ) is an American music video director and commercial director who is a Co - Founder and Executive Creative Director of Decon , a creative agency and record label based in New York .
Joseph Mario Jacques Olivier , PC ( April 14 , 1944 ) is a Canadian politician , businessman and labour leader .
Don Falcone ( born November 5 , 1958 ) is an American musician and producer .
Manca Izmajlova ( pronounced `` Mantsa Izmaylova '' ) is a Slovenian opera/ crossover singer ( mezzo - soprano ) and actress who is best known for her musical project Slavic Soul , recorded and performed live with Russian State Symphony Cinema Orchestra conducted by Sergei Skripka .
James C. Kaufman ( born 1974 ) is a psychologist known for his research on creativity .
N.P Sajeesh ( born 7 December 1976 ) is a writer , journalist and film critic .
Mete Binay ( born January 19 , 1985 in Emirseyit , Tokat ) is a Turkish world champion weightlifter competing in the --69 kg division .
William D. McCrackan ( 1864 - 1923 ) was an American journalist and author of books on history and travel .
Abhik Mukhopadhyay is an Indian Bengali cinematographer .
Starting from about 20 years of age Parviz Yahaghi was employed for a little over two decades as a musician with the Iranian government - financed radio station .
Małgorzata Szczęśniak ( born 1954 ) is a Polish stage and costume designer .
Harry Edward Stinson ( Wayland , Iowa , January 3 , 1898 - July 27 , 1975 , San Diego , California ) was a noted 20th - century sculptor .
Hugh Sidey ( September 3 , 1927 -- November 21 , 2005 ) was an American journalist who worked for Life magazine starting in 1955 , then moved on to Time magazine in 1957 .
Nicolas Farkas ( 1890 - -1982 ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born cinematographer , screenwriter and film director .
Harry Pregerson ( born October 13 , 1923 ) serves as a Senior judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit .
Kalonymus ben Todros ( d. ca . 1194 ) was a Provencal rabbi who flourished at Narbonne in the second half of the twelfth century .
Mariya Ohurtsova ( Ukrainian : Марія Огурцова ; born January 4 , 1983 in Zaporizhia ) is a Ukrainian former swimmer , who specialized in sprint butterfly events .
Henry Krieger ( born February 9 , 1945 in New York City ) is an American musical theatre composer .
Rodney Lough Jr. ( born 1960 ) is an American landscape photographer and gallery owner .
Doreen Chanter is a British singer best known as a member of the Chanter Sisters and for her work as a backing vocalist and session vocalist during the 1970s and 1980s .
Raz Olsher is a London - based music producer , songwriter and composer .
Jay Marshall Strabala is an American architect who has participated in the design of skyscrapers and other buildings .
Walter Rudin ( May 2 , 1921 -- May 20 , 2010 ) was an Austrian - American mathematician and professor of Mathematics at the University of Wisconsin--
Pedro Telemaco ( born October 13 , 1968 ) is a Puerto Rican actor , model and comedian .
Paul Walton is a British motoring journalist and photographer .
Matteo Borboni or Borbone ( circa 1610 - November 13 , 1689 ) was an Italian painter , known for fresco depiction of quadratura during the Baroque period , active mainly in his native Bologna .
Bruce Cannon is an American film editor whose credits include Four Brothers , Higher Learning , E.T. the Extra - Terrestrial , Sunset Strip , Things We Lost in the Fire , Rosewood , Boyz n the Hood , and Vincent - N - Roxxy .
Arnis Vecvagars ( April 12 , 1974 ) is a Latvian former basketball player and current coach of BK Jūrmala .
Christian Frederick Martin , Sr . ( German : Christian Friedrich Martin I. ; January 31 , 1796 -- February 16 , 1873 ) was a German - born American luthier who specialized in guitars .
Ida Adams ( c. 1888 -- November 4 , 1960 ) , sometimes credited as Ida M. Adams , was an American - born actress and singer who worked chiefly in musical theatre .
Edward Raymond Neaher ( May 2 , 1912 in Brooklyn , NY -- April 19 , 1994 in Chevy Chase , MD ) was a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York .
Crystal Gayle ( born Brenda Gail Webb on January 9 , 1951 ) is an American country music singer .
Kolluru Krishan is an Indian engineer and businessman .
Rev. Ernest George Hansell ( born : May 14 , 1895 Norwich , England - died : December 9 , 1965 ) was an ordained minister as well as a Canadian federal and provincial politician .
Rafik Khachatryan ( Armenian : Ռաֆիկ Գարեգինի Խաչատրյան ; October 7 , 1937 -- January 16 , 1993 ) was an Armenian sculptor .
Ileana Espinel Cedeño ( October 31 , 1933 -- February 21 , 2001 ) was an Ecuadorian journalist , poet and writer .
The Lysippides Painter was an Attic vase painter in the black - figure style .
Wedgwood Nowell ( 1878 - -1957 ) was an American character actor and bit - part player , appearing in about 140 movies from 1915 through 1947 .
Subhash Sharma is a freelance photographer based in Mumbai , India , who specializes in humanistic and documentary photography .
Laura Daniela Herrero ( born August 19 , 1985 in Berazategui Partido ) is an Argentine Pop rock singer and songwriter .
Philomena Bijlhout ( born November 13 , 1957 ) is a Dutch television presenter and former politician .
George Seaton ( April 17 , 1911 -- July 28 , 1979 ) was an American screenwriter , playwright , film director and producer , and theatre director .
Anne Yvonne Gilbert ( born 1950/1951 ; sometimes credited as Yvonne Gilbert ) , is a British artist and book illustrator .
Andrea Lindsay is a Canadian pop singer - songwriter , who won the Juno Award for Francophone Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2010 for her album Les Sentinelles dorment .
Tahar Cheriaa ( Tunisian Arabic : شيريا الطاهر‎ ; January 5 , 1927 -- November 4 , 2010 ) was a Tunisian film critic and the founder of the Carthage Film Festival in 1966 .
Deborah Sengl ( born 1974 ) is an Austrian painter and artist .
Toby Philpott is an English puppeteer best known for his work in motion picture animatronics during the 1980s in such films as The Dark Crystal and Return of the Jedi .
Zoogz Rift ( born Robert Pawlikowski ; July 10 , 1953 -- March 22 , 2011 ) was an American musician , painter and professional wrestling personality .
Mohamed Ben Salem , born on 19 february 1953 , is a Tunisian politician .
David C. Sutherland III ( April 4 , 1949 -- June 6 , 2005 ) was an early Dungeons & Dragons ( D&D ) artist .
Edward Constant Séguin , M.D. ( 1843 - 1896 ) was an American neurologist and a founder of the American Neurological Association in 1875 .
Deke Richards ( April 8 , 1944 -- March 24 , 2013 ) , born Dennis Lussier and also known as Deke Lussier , was an American songwriter and record producer , one of many white musicians / songwriters who were affiliated with Motown .
Elvin Ayala ( born January 15 , 1981 ) is an American professional boxer from New Haven , Connecticut .
Karen Swenson ( born July 29 , 1936 New York City ) is an American poet and journalist .
Susy Schultz is an American journalist , educator and social advocate .
Stephen Sacklarian ( 1899 - -1983 ) was an American Contemporary painter and sculptor of Bulgarian Armenian descent .
Eduardo Sojo Garza - Aldape ( January 9 , 1956 in León , Guanajuato ) is a Mexican economist .
Fariba Fahroo is an American Persian mathematician , a program manager at the Defense Sciences Office , and a former program manager at the Air Force Office of Scientific Research .
Arthur Wesley Dow ( April 6 , 1857 -- December 13 , 1922 ) was an American painter , printmaker , photographer and influential arts educator .
Donald Low ( May 2 , 1945 - September 18 , 2013 ) was a Canadian microbiologist noted for his role in battling the SARS outbreak of 2003 .
Clem Bevans ( October 16 , 1879 -- August 11 , 1963 ) was an American character actor best remembered for playing eccentric , grumpy old men .
Ismael Zambada García ( born January 1 , 1948 ) , also known as El Mayo Zambada , is a Mexican drug lord and one of the three Sinaloa Cartel leaders .
Gaius Sosius was a Roman general and politician .
Terence Verity ( 1913 -- 1967 ) was a British Art director and architect .
Ramanuja Vijayaraghavan ( born January 3 , 1931 ) is an Indian physicist , specializing in condensed matter physics .
Fahrettin Cüreklibatır ( born September 7 , 1937 ) , better known by his stage name Cüneyt Arkın , is a Turkish film actor , director , and producer .
James Whitney Dunn ( born July 21 , 1943 ) is a politician and businessman in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Stephen H. Segal is a Hugo Award - winning American editor , writer and publication designer , and is the current editor in chief of the Philadelphia Weekly .
Ralston Crawford ( 1906 - -1978 ) was an American abstract painter , lithographer , and photographer .
Phillip Bimstein ( born 1947 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American alternative classical music composer and politician .
Stuart Reardon is an English fitness model and professional rugby league footballer who is currently playing for North Wales Crusaders .
James Flaherty is an American actor and stand - up comedian .
Jan Szczepanik ( June 13 , 1872 -- April 18 , 1926 ) was a Polish inventor , with several hundred patents and over 50 discoveries to his name , many of which are still applied today , especially in the motion picture industry , as well as in photography and television .
Dyer Ball ( June 3 , 1796 -- March 27 , 1866 ) was an American missionary and medical doctor in China .
Robert S. Wallerstein ( January 28 , 1921 -- December 21 , 2014 ) was a prominent German born American psychoanalyst .
Ronald L. Ellis ( born July 4 , 1950 ) is a United States magistrate judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York .
Norris Winslow ( 1834 , Watertown , Jefferson County , New York -- May 10 , 1900 , Watertown , New York ) was an American banker and politician from New York .
Zhao Zuo ( simplified Chinese : 赵左 ; traditional Chinese : 趙左 ; pinyin : Zhào Zuǒ ; Wade -- Giles : Chao Tso ) , a native of Huating ( 华亭 , now Songjiang , Shanghai ) was a noted Chinese painter in Ming Dynasty .
Julia Bell ( January 28 , 1879 -- April 26 , 1979 ) was a pioneering English human geneticist .
Victor Schumann ( December 21 , 1841 -- September 1 , 1913 ) was a physicist and spectroscopist who in 1893 discovered the vacuum ultraviolet .
William Findley ( c. 1741 -- April 4 , 1821 ) was an Irish - born farmer and politician from Westmoreland County , Pennsylvania .
Doug Gabbard , II is a judge on the Oklahoma Court of Civil Appeals , the intermediate appellate court in the state of Oklahoma .
Denis Kurian ( Belarusian : Дзяніс Кур'ян ; born in Minsk ) is a Belarusian journalist and television presenter .
Kevin Sussman ( born December 4 , 1970 ) is an American actor of television and film perhaps best known for his recurring roles as Stuart Bloom on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory and as Walter on the ABC comedy - drama Ugly Betty .
Prejish Prakash ( Malayalam പ്രജീഷ് പ്രകാശ് ) is an Indian film editor from kerala working primarily in Malayalam cinema .
Amanda Labarca Hubertson ( 1886 - -1975 ) was a Chilean diplomat , educator , writer and feminist .
Manuel de la Pila Iglesias ( November 16 , 1884 -- October 5 , 1950 ) was a Puerto Rican physician practicing in Ponce , Puerto Rico , who specialized in a half - dozen medical specialities .
Barbara Tausia began her dance and music career as a vocal artist with the French hip hop singer MC Solaar , singing on the song `` La La , La La '' on his album Cinquième As .
Malouma Mint El Meidah ( Arabic : المعلومة منت الميداح‎ , also simply Maalouma or Malouma ; born October 1 , 1960 ) is a Mauritanian singer , songwriter and politician .
Jenő Hunyady ( April 28 , 1838 , Pest -- December 26 , 1889 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian mathematician noted for his work on conic sections and linear algebra , specifically on determinants .
W. Bowman Cutter is an economist , political thinker and businessman in the USA .
Miguel Reale ( November 6 , 1910 -- April 14 , 2006 ) was a Brazilian jurist , philosopher , academic , politician and poet .
Rufus Palen ( February 25 , 1807 -- April 26 , 1844 ) was an American manufacturer and politician in the U.S. state of New York .
Khurshid Rizvi is a Pakistani scholar , poet , linguist , and historian of Arabic languages and literature .
Stephen Waldschmidt is an actor , playwright , theatre director , scenic designer , graphic designer , and stay - at - home dad originally from Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
Dr. Kunio Yamazaki was a biologist who worked at the Monell Chemical Senses Center from 1980 until his death .
Sue Cassidy Clark is a music journalist and photographer who specialized in soul , gospel , and rock music in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Keahu Kahuanui ( born August 7 , 1986 ) is an American actor best known for his portrayal of the recurring character Danny Mahealani in the television series Teen Wolf on MTV .
Harry Rowe Shelley ( June 8 , 1858 -- September 12 , 1947 ) was an American composer , organist ( church and concert ) , and professor of music .
Jaylaani Nur Ikar ( Somali : Jaylaani Nuur Ikar , Arabic : جيلاني نور‎ ) , also known as Jeylani Nur Ikar , is a Somali politician .
Alan Tew was a British composer and arranger .
John Crosthwaite ( 1925 - -2010 ) was an English race car designer and engineer , active in both the United Kingdom and the United States .
Mildred Cohn ( July 12 , 1913 -- October 12 , 2009 ) was an American biochemist who furthered understanding of biochemical processes through her study of chemical reactions within animal cells .
Montgomery Bell ( January 3 , 1769 , Chester County , Pennsylvania -- April 1 , 1855 , Dickson County , Tennessee ) was a manufacturing entrepreneur who was crucial to the economic development of early Middle Tennessee .
Inge Auerbacher ( born December 31 , 1934 in Kippenheim ) is an American chemist of German origin .
Mandy Lauderdale is a cabaret singer from Atlanta , Georgia .
Ardis E. Parshall is a historian , freelance researcher specializing in Mormon history , a blogger and a columnist for the Salt Lake Tribune .
Charles Thomas Stearns was an American politician , member of the Minnesota Territorial Council ( 1849 - -1858 ) representing the 3rd District from 1854 - -55 , and had taken an active part in securing the passage of the bill establishing the county .
Deepak Shirke is a Bollywood and Marathi film actor who was famous for his sinister roles in Hindi movies .
Anne Midgette is an American journalist and classical music critic .
Andrea Cominelli was an Italian stonemason , sculptor and architect who was active in thr Republic of Venice during the second half of the 17th century .
Oscar Pettiford ( September 30 , 1922 -- September 8 , 1960 ) was an American jazz double bassist , cellist and composer .
Robert Eisenman is an American biblical scholar , theoretical writer , historian , archaeologist , and `` road '' poet .
Charles R. Chapman ( November 23 , 1827 -- January 25 , 1897 ) was an American lawyer and politician who was a mayor of Hartford , Connecticut , and served in both houses of the Connecticut legislature .
Paul Mattick , Sr . ( March 13 , 1904 -- February 7 , 1981 ) was a Marxist political writer and social revolutionary , whose thought can be placed within the council communist and left communist traditions .
Kaitlin Colombo is an American stand - up comedian , television personality , writer , and actress .
Stuart Maconie ( born 13 August 1960 ) is an English radio DJ and television presenter , writer , journalist , and critic working in the field of pop music and popular culture .
Philip Maneval ( born 1956 ) is an American composer and arts administrator .
Esmael Mangudadatu was born on August 15 , 1968 to father Pua Mangudadatu , who was a famous politician that was president of the `` Magnificent 7 '' , a group of influential politicians in the province at the time .
Amadou Ly is a Senegalese - born actor , known for his role in The Twilight Saga :
Paula Todd is a Canadian journalist , investigative author , broadcaster , and lawyer .
Johannes Taslim or Joe Taslim ( born June 23 , 1981 ) is a Chinese Indonesian actor , model , and martial artist .
Michael W. Vannier ( born January 12 , 1949 ) is a radiologist in Chicago .
Miguel Ángel Suárez ( July 5 , 1939 -- April 1 , 2009 ) was a Puerto Rican soap opera and movie actor .
Peter Litten or Peter Mackenzie Litten ( born 25 May 1960 ) is a British film director and designer .
Brian Borcherdt ( born August 31 , 1976 ) is a Canadian musician who has been both a solo artist and a member of Burnt Black , Trephines , Hot Carl Loves The Ladies , By Divine Right , Holy Fuck , Lids , and Dusted .
Dave Besteman ( born David Robert Besteman ) is a former Olympic speed skater .
Corey Snide ( born December 19 , 1993 ) is an American actor and dancer best known for his performance as Billy in Billy Elliot the Musical based on the hit film Billy Elliot .
Michelle Simson ( born July 10 , 1953 ) is a Canadian politician , who was elected to represent the Ontario electoral district of Scarborough Southwest as a Member of Parliament from 2008 through 2011 .
Michelangelo Ricci ( 1619 - -1682 ) was an Italian mathematician and a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Vlado Strugar ( Serbian : Владо Стругар ) ( Donji Ulići , Kingdom of Yugoslavia 28 December 1922 ) is a Serbian historian and member of the Serbian Academy of Science and Arts , Montenegrin Academy of Sciences and Arts and Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts .
Kane Richmond ( December 23 , 1906 -- March 22 , 1973 ) was an American film actor of the 1930s and 1940s , mostly appearing in cliffhangers and serials .
Jean - Chrysostome Brauneis I , sometimes referred to as John - Chrysostome Brauneis I ( 1785 -- 15 September 1832 , Quebec City ) , was a Canadian composer , bandmaster , and music educator of German birth .
Alexander Yakobson ( Hebrew : אלכסנדר יעקובסון‎ ; October 5 , 1959 ) is an Israeli historian , professor of Ancient history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , political activist , and commentator .
Stella Feehily is a London - born Irish playwright and actor .
Max Patkin ( January 10 , 1920 -- October 30 , 1999 ) was an American baseball player and clown , best known as the Clown Prince of Baseball ( a play on `` Crown Prince '' ) .
Hussein Khaliqi or Huseyn Xelîqî or Hossein Khalighi or Ḥusayn Khalīqī , is a contemporary Kurdish writer .
Nguyễn Thanh Tùng ( born on October 20 , 1979 ) is a famous Vietnamese monochord music performer and composer .
Mary Mackey is an American novelist , poet , and academic .
Professor Nicky Milner is an archaeologist and deputy Head of the Archaeology Department at the University of York .
Sunny Cheema is a Punjabi singer , actor and producer .
William Joseph Campbell ( March 19 , 1905 -- October 19 , 1988 ) was a United States federal judge and the longest serving Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois .
Dave Torbert ( June 7 , 1948 -- December 7 , 1982 ) was a Bay Area musician , best known for his associations with the Grateful Dead and the New Riders of the Purple Sage .
Craig Point ( born January 19 , 1986 ) , is an Iroquois lacrosse player who currently plays for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League and the Six Nations Chiefs of Major Series Lacrosse .
Rick Amato is an American national television host , radio host , columnist and political commentator .
Karl Logan ( born April 28 , 1965 ) is the guitarist of the heavy metal band Manowar .
On 3 August 3 1848 , after twenty - one years as a lawyer at the Court of Appeal , Augustus Van Dievoet was appointed by Royal Decree an advocate of the Supreme Court .
Kurt Seifert ( 1903 - 1950 ) was a German actor , singer and theatre director .
Dimitrios Kiousopoulos ( Greek : Δημήτριος Κιουσόπουλος ) was an important Greek jurist and a politician .
Srividya launched her career as a child artist in the 1966 Tamil film Thiruvarutchelvar ( 1966 ) alongside legendary actor Sivaji Ganesan .
Markos Geneti ( born May 30 , 1984 in Gute , a small township about 10 km east of Nekemte in Eastern Wollega , the State of Oromia ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who previously competed in track running , but now is a road specialist .
John Stigall ( November 4 , 1951 - November 12 , 2009 ) was an American poet , Associate Professor of English , and poet - in - residence at Chattanooga State Technical Community College .
Vic Chou ( Chinese : 周渝民 ; pinyin : Zhōu Yúmín ) is a Taiwanese actor , singer and commercial model .
Stanisław Błeszyński , ( August 13 , 1927 -- December 24 , 1969 ) was a Polish entomologist , lepidopterist specializing in Crambidae .
Delores Holmes ( July 18 , 1946 -- April 16 , 2010 ) was an American soul singer .
Carlo Palazzi ( died 2000 ) was an Italian fashion designer .
Zeev Zalevsky ( Hebrew : זאב זלבסקי‎ ) is an Israeli physicist specializing in Optoelectronics .
Ryan Castro ( born January 31 , 2005 ) is an American film and theater actor from Port Washington , New York .
Paul S. Stull ( born May 8 , 1936 ) is an American politician and was member of the Maryland House of Delegates .
Anne Johnson , a British archaeologist and historical researcher , is a specialist in the archaeology of Roman forts of the early empire in Britain and the German Provinces .
Samuel Todes ( June 27 , 1927 -- October 21 , 1994 ) was an American philosopher who made notable contributions to existentialism , phenomenology , and philosophy of mind .
Frank Wieneke ( born January 31 , 1962 in Hannover ) is a German judoka and olympic champion .
Shmuel Hayyim ( HE : שמואל חיים ) ( born 1891 - died 1931 ) also known as Shmuel Eshagh Effendi or Monsieur Hayyim was a Persian Jewish journalist , leader of the jewish community and a Zionist who worked in the Iranian Parliament .
Hugh Kerr ( born 9 July 1944 ) is a Scottish politician and a former lecturer in social policy at the University of East London .
Holly Dale ( born December 23 , 1953 ) is a Canadian film and television director and film producer .
Asahel Finch , Jr. ( February 14 , 1809 -- April 4 , 1883 ) was an American politician and lawyer .
Jesse Benavides ( born November 3 , 1963 in Corpus Christi , Texas ) is an American former professional boxer .
Paddy O'Hare was a journalist and Irish nationalist politician .
Roberta Fernández is a Tejana novelist , scholar , critic and arts advocate .
The Master of Castelsardo was an Italian painter active in Sardinia at the end of the 15th and the beginning of the sixteenth century .
Some have theorized that Ann Pudeator 's likely occupation as a nurse and midwife , along with her being a woman of property , made her vulnerable to charges of witchcraft .
Robert Fischhof ( October 31 , 1856 -- March 31 , 1918 ) was an Austrian pianist , composer , and professor at the Vienna Music Conservatoire .
I m Hyun - sik ( born December 31 , 1945 ) is a South Korean actor .
Very few , however , know that Jaipal Singh was one of the world 's finest field hockey player of the period .
Robert Benecke ( January 25 , 1835 -- November 3 , 1903 ) was a German - born American photographer , operating primarily out of St. Louis in the latter half of the 19th century .
Vivian Barbot ( born July 7 , 1941 ) is a Canadian teacher , activist , and politician .
Farnsworth Wright ( 1888 -- 1940 ) was the editor of the pulp magazine Weird Tales during the magazine 's heyday , editing 179 issues from November 1924-March 1940 .
Joel Savage ( born December 25 , 1969 in Surrey , British Columbia ) is a retired former professional ice hockey player .
Shmuel Ben - Artzi ( Hebrew : שמואל בן ארצי‎ ; December 31 , 1914 -- November 9 , 2011 ) was an Israeli writer , poet and educator .
A. Marten Mendez ( 1916 - -1994 ) was an American badminton player of Mexican descent who won national titles and represented his country internationally in the late 1940s and early 1950s .
Austin Abbott , LL.D. ( December 18 , 1831 -- April 19 , 1896 ) was a lawyer and academic born in Boston , Massachusetts , the son of Jacob Abbott .
Paul Galea is an Australian former rugby league player .
Jonathan Little ( born December 22 , 1984 in Pensacola , Florida ) is an American professional poker player who won both the World Poker Tour 's Season VI Mirage Poker Showdown and Season VII Foxwoods World Poker Finals and won the WPT Season VI Player of the Year award .
Andrew McBride ( born December 9 , 1982 ) is a Canadian professional box lacrosse player for the Calgary Roughnecks in the National Lacrosse League ( NLL ) and Coquitlam Adanacs of the Western Lacrosse Association ( WLA ) .
Thomas M. Price ( March 17 , 1916 -- November 6 , 1998 ) is an American architect who has been called `` Galveston 's foremost modern architect '' by historian and Rice University faculty member Stephen Fox , an Adjunct Lecturer of the School of Architecture .
Selma Meerbaum - Eisinger ( February 5 , 1924 -- December 16 , 1942 ) was a Romanian - born German - language poet .
Erastus Wentworth ( simplified Chinese : 万为 ; traditional Chinese : 萬為 ; Pinyin : Wànwéi ; Foochow Romanized : Uâng - ùi ; August 5 , 1813 - May 26 , 1886 ) was an educator , a Methodist Episcopal minister , and a missionary to Foochow , China .
Sigmund Romberg ( July 29 , 1887 -- November 9 , 1951 ) was an Austro - Hungarian composer who spent most of his adult life in the United States .
Thierry Wasser is a contemporary perfumer who as of 2008 was appointed as the in - house perfumer of Guerlain .
Lucas Hoving ( September 5 , 1912 - January 5 , 2000 ) was a modern dancer , choreographer and teacher most famous for the roles he created as an original member of the José Limón Dance Company .
Mati Shemoelof ( Hebrew : מתי שמואלוף‎ , born July 11 , 1972 ) , is an Israeli author , poet , editor , journalist and activist .
Steven M. Rosen ( born September 6 , 1942 ) is an American philosopher and psychologist , currently based in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Henry F. Brauns ( October 4 , 1845 -- May 7 , 1917 ) was an architect based in Baltimore , Maryland , USA .
Ateş Çınar ( pronounced ( ˈateʃ ˈt͡ʃɯnaɾ ) ; born May 16 , 1986 in Izmir , Turkey ) is a Turkish yacht racer competing in the 470 class .
Marcel Chandrawinata ( born March 29 , 1987 ) is a German Indonesian actor and model best known for his role in film Alexandria co - starring with actress Julie Estelle .
Jozef Dunajovec ( March 23 , 1933 -- February 22 , 2007 ) was a Slovakian journalist , essayist and non - fiction author .
Hansal Mehta is an Indian film director , writer , actor and producer .
Alex Newport is an English record producer , mixer , songwriter , and engineer , based in Los Angeles .
David Hammons ( born 1943 ) is an American artist especially known for his works in and around New York City and Los Angeles during the 1970s and 1980s .
Feo Aladag is an Austrian film director , screenwriter , producer , and actor best known for her film When We Leave , which won the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival .
Mirsad Bektić ( born February 16 , 1991 ) is a Bosnian professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Ted Hutt is a Grammy Award Winning British music producer , musician , and song writer residing in Los Angeles , CA .
Libero Bovio ( June 9 , 1883 - May 26 , 1942 ) , was a Neapolitan lyricist and dialect poet .
Jack Oakie ( November 12 , 1903 -- January 23 , 1978 ) was an American actor , starring mostly in films , but also working on stage , radio and television .
Hazel Kaneswaran is an Irish recording artist , singer - songwriter and television personality who has been involved in the Irish music industry since 1996 .
Annamária Kiss ( born December 5 , 1981 in Dunaújváros ) is a Hungarian former swimmer , who specialized in backstroke events .
Omar Badsha is a South African documentary photographer , artist , political and trade union activist and an historian .
Tilly Grimes is a British costume designer for theatre , opera , and film .
Katrina Parker is a pop singer based in Hollywood , Los Angeles .
Ane Brunvoll is the daughter of lawyer Knut Anker Brunvoll ( b. 1945 ) and jazz singer and pianist Inger Johanne Brunvoll ( b. Kvien ) .
Mark Kuhlmann ( born 18 August 1969 ) is a retired German international rugby union player , having played for the DRC Hannover in the Rugby - Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team .
Hatsuho Matsuzawa ( 松沢 初穂 , October 8 , 1914 -- January 1 , 2011 ) was a Japanese swimmer .
Ozan Çolakoğlu ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ozˌan ˈʧolaˌkoːɫu ) , born 1972 in Adana ) is a Turkish composer , songwriter and music producer ; famous for his work with pop idol Tarkan and his various film scores .
Thomas William Oscar Judd ( February 14 , 1908 -- December 27 , 1995 ) was a Canadian professional baseball player .
Clayton Hill ( May 7 , 1931 -- July 26 , 2009 ) was an American actor who appeared in many films , but was best known for his role as the `` sweater zombie '' in the 1978 horror film Dawn of the Dead by director George A. Romero .
Shannon Lee Dawdy is an American historian , archeologist and anthropologist .
Valerie Martin ( born 1948 , Missouri ) is an American novelist and short story writer .
Michael Banducci is an American professional poker player who won a 2008 World Series of Poker bracelet event .
Johannes Bergion is a Swedish cellist , songwriter and backing vocalist , most known for being one of the founding members of avant - garde metal band Diablo Swing Orchestra .
Þórir Georg Jónsson better known by his pseudonym My Summer As A Salvation Soldier is an Icelandic singer - songwriter , also known by the mononym Þórir .
Cary Guffey ( born May 10 , 1972 ) is a former American child actor .
Clopton Havers ( 24 Feb 1657 ( Stambourne , Essex ) - Apr 1702 ) was an English physician who did pioneering research on the microstructure of bone .
Tan Soo Seng , better known as Chen Shucheng , ( Chinese : 陈澍城 , born October 21 , 1949 ) is a Singaporean actor .
George Graquitena ( born Jorge Graquitena , May 23 , 1966 ) , is a vocalist , drummer and bassist , known for his participation in many south Florida punk and alternative rock bands from the 1980s through today .
Francesco Levato is a poet , a translator of Italian poetry , and an experimental filmmaker .
Michael Schraa ( born April 17 , 1961 ) is an American businessman and politician .
Mary Martha Pearson ( née Dutton ) ( 1798 --1871 ) was an English portrait painter .
Peter Ford , better known as Baby Ford , is a British electronic music record producer , known particularly for his contributions to the birth of acid house .
Katherine Regalado ( born March 11 , 1998 in Lima ) is a Peruvian volleyball player , who plays as a opposite .
Sarah A. Lundy ( born August 26 , 1954 ) is an American Thoroughbred horse trainer .
Stuart Getz ( also known as Stuart Goetz or Stuart Götz ) ( May 27 , 1953 - ) is an American - born actor .
Franz de Paula Triesnecker ( April 2 , 1745 -- January 29 , 1817 ) was an Austrian Jesuit astronomer .
Thomas Lilbourne Anderson ( December 8 , 1808 -- March 6 , 1885 ) was a practicing lawyer who served in the United States House of Representatives from Missouri .
Irving Kolodin ( February 21 , 1908 -- April 29 , 1988 ) was an American music critic and music historian .
Harriet Russell Hart was an American politician who served on the Lynn , Massachusetts School Committee and the Massachusetts House of Representatives .
Milo Kendall was a successful lawyer and businessman in Princeton , Illinois , born in 1819 in Vermont .
Johnny Eck , ( born John Eckhardt , Jr. , August 27 , 1911 -- January 5 , 1991 ) was an American freak show performer in side show and film actor born with the appearance that he was missing the lower half of his torso .
Victor Iamandi ( 1891 , Hodora , Iaşi - November 26 - -27 , 1940 ) was a Romanian politician and activist .
Paul David Wilson ( born August 30 , 1952 ) is a songwriter , composer , conductor , and music producer .
Sergej Ćetković ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Сергеј Ћетковић , pronounced ( sěrɡeːj tɕêtkoʋitɕ ) , born March 8 , 1976 ) is a Montenegrin singer .
Hiroyuki Takaya ( Japanese : 高谷裕之 , Takaya Hiroyuki , born June 10 , 1977 ) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division .
Kate O'Hearn is a Canadian children 's fantasy writer , best known for the Pegasus series .
Harvey Keitel ( /kaɪˈtɛl/ ky - TEL ; born May 13 , 1939 ) is an American actor and producer .
Edu da Gaita ( lit . Edu of the Harmonica , born Eduardo Nadruz in Jaguarão on October 13 , 1916 - Rio de Janeiro on August 23 , 1982 ) was a Brazilian composer and harmonica player .
Brenda Schad ( born April 3 , 1968 ) is a former American model .
Baruch Agadati ( Hebrew : ברוך אגדתי‎ , also Baruch Kaushansky - Agadati ; January 8 , 1895 -- January 18 , 1976 ) was a Russian Empire - born Israeli classical ballet dancer , choreographer , painter , and film producer and director .
Orlando Rinaldi Campbell ( born April 25 , 1988 ) , better known by the stage name Roach Gigz or Roach , is an American rapper and hyphy hip hop artist from the San Francisco Bay Area .
Norman Petty ( May 25 , 1927 -- August 15 , 1984 ) was an American musician and record producer who is mostly known for his association with Buddy Holly and the Crickets , who recorded in his studio .
Cara Lockwood is an American novelist and the bestselling author of nine novels from Mesquite , Texas .
Hans Blum ( born May 28 , 1928 ) , more widely known as `` Henry Valentino '' , is a German singer - songwriter .
Carl Jacob Bender was missionary pioneer to Cameroon .
Chuchart Trairatanapradit , popularly known as Tai Pichit ( born 10 January 1963 ) is a Thai former professional snooker player .
Woody Lee ( born April 1 , 1968 in Garland , Texas ) is an American country music singer and songwriter .
Rex Salas ( born March 16 ) is a Grammy and Emmy Award nominated American record producer , songwriter , musical director , and music arranger .
Jonatha Brooke ( born January 23 , 1964 ) is an American folk rock singer - songwriter and guitarist from Massachusetts .
Elizabeth R. Varon is an American historian , and Langbourne M. Williams Professor of American History at the University of Virginia .
Ali Imran Ramz is a Forward Bloc politician and the youngest member of the West Bengal assembly elected in 2011 .
René Matte ( born February 11 , 1935 in Saint - Casimir , Quebec ) was a Canadian politician and a Member of the House of Commons .
Ljerko Spiller ( July 22 , 1908 -- November 9 , 2008 ) was a famous Croat and Argentine violinist .
Thavisouk Phrasavath is a New York - based Lao - American film director / editor , writer and visual artist .
David Minasian is an American film producer , screenwriter , director , and a musician , singer and songwriter .
John G. Breslin was a Democratic politician from the U.S. State of Ohio .
Rocky Roberts ( born Charles Roberts ) was an American - born Italian singer .
Max Reinhardt ( September 9 , 1873 -- October 30 , 1943 ) was an Austrian - born American theatre and film director , intendant , and theatrical producer .
Patti Reid is an English folk singer from Penrith , Cumbria , England .
Rob Letterman is an American film director who started with animation and moved on to live - action .
Anthony R. Dolan ( born in Norwalk , Connecticut , July 7 , 1948 ) is a Pulitzer Prize - winning journalist and was the principal speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan from March 1981 until the end of Reagan 's second term in 1989 .
Jussi V. Koivisto is a Finnish born economist and educator , who has also been active in business life .
Clotilde Mela Rosa Luciano , better known as Rosita Melo ( July 9 , 1897 -- August 12 , 1981 ) , was an Argentine - Uruguayan pianist , composer and poet .
Bobby Mair is a Canadian stand - up comedian based in London , who has appeared on The Hour , Russell Howard 's Good News , Sweat the Small Stuff , Virtually Famous , Never Mind the Buzzcocks and 8 Out of 10 Cats .
Marjorie Sykes ( 1905 - 1995 ) was a British educator who went to live in India in the 1920s and joined the Indian independence movement , spending most of the remainder of her life in India .
Miguel del Valle ( born July 24 , 1951 ) is an American politician and the former City Clerk of Chicago .
Pêro Dias ( 15th century ) was a Portuguese explorer of the African coast .
Walter Douglas Boyd , M.D. is a notable Canadian cardiothoracic surgeon .
Henry Knollys ( died 1583 ) , was an English politician and diplomat .
Gene Rodemich began his musical career in and near his home town as a pianist , later becoming conductor of a dance orchestra .
Petra Burka ( born November 17 , 1946 ) is a Canadian former competitive figure skater and now coach .
Yevgeniy Natsvin ( born September 23 , 1985 ) is a freestyle swimmer from Russia , who won a silver in the men 's 4×100 metres freestyle relay event at the 2004 European Championships in Madrid , Spain .
Didier Opertti Badán ( born 1937 ) is a Uruguayan political figure and lawyer .
Günther Hummelt ( July 21 , 1931 -- July 3 , 2010 ) was an Austrian curler and curling coach who contributed greatly to the development of the sport of curling .
Ed Trotta is an actor , director and voice actor who is most known for doing voice - over work for Blizzard including filling the role of Tyrael in Diablo II and Diablo II :
Annie - B Parson is an American choreographer , dancer , and director based in Brooklyn , New York .
Andrea Serna is a famous Colombian model , TVe presenter ( RCN TV News ) , reporter , TV show hostess , radio DJ and TV producer .
Christian Chelman is a Belgian magician born in 1957 .
Carolyn J. Krysiak ( born August 9 , 1939 ) is an American politician who represented the 46th legislative district in the Maryland House of Delegates .
Philip Jamison is an artist working primarily with watercolour as a medium .
Edan Lepucki is an American novelist notable for her debut novel , California , which rose to prominence as a result of a public dispute between comedian Stephen Colbert and online publisher Amazon .
Edie McClurg ( born July 23 , 1951 ) is an American stand - up comedienne , actress , singer , voice actress , and comedienne , best known for her perky North Central dialect ( or Upper Midwest accent ) , common to persons from Middle America .
Dianne Buckner is a Canadian television journalist , best known as a host of business - oriented programming , such as Venture and Dragons ' Den , on CBC Television and CBC News Network .
Richard Backus has been a screenwriter since as early as 1989 .
Gloria Negrete McLeod ( born September 6 , 1941 ) is an American politician who was the United States Representative for California 's 35th congressional district from 2013 - 2015 .
On May 24 , 2008 , Sokoudjou rebounded from his loss by defeating Japanese judoka Kazuhiro Nakamura via TKO at UFC 84 in the first round , after Nakamura hurt his leg .
Reuben Duran ( born July 2 , 1983 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Flyweight division of King of the Cage , where he is the current Interim Flyweight Champion .
Swedish politician and musician Roland Utbult was born on the 24th of May in 1951 .
Rex Norman ( 1891 - -1961 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer and cricketer , who represented Australasia in rugby league and New South Wales in both sports .
James H. Cromartie is an internationally renowned American artist credited with the birth of Hard - Edge Realism , a style by turns both redolent of and a departure from the Magic Realism pioneered by Andrew Wyeth .
Hélène Marie Antigna ( née Hélène - Marie Pettit ; born at Melun ) , was a French painter .
Jacob Weil , later known as Mahariv ( Hebrew : יעקב בן יהודה ווייל ) was a German rabbi and Talmudist who flourished during the first half of the fifteenth century .
Manuel Rafael Huerta Ladrón de Guevara ( born 12 July 1960 ) is a Mexican politician and lawyer affiliated to the PT . He currently serves as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the Federal District .
Vasilis Karras ( Greek : Βασίλης Καρράς ; born Vasilis Kesoglidis on November 27 , 1953 ) is a Greek folk singer , in 2010 he celebrated his 30th year as a recording artist .
As a jazz musician , he has performed with his own groups , the Page Hamilton Quintet and the Jazz Wannabes , and with fellow guitarist and mentor John Stowell .
Gabriel Sunday ( born October 18 , 1985 ) is an American actor , best known for portraying Archibald Holden Buster Williams in the teen comedy - drama film Archie 's Final Project .
José `` Pepe '' Hernández Bethencourt ( June 6 , 1927 - February 28 , 2009 ) , better known as Pepe Hern , was an American actor who played supporting roles , usually Spanish and Latins ( Mexican basically ) , throughout his career .
Shankar Lamichhane ( Nepali : शङ्कर लामिछाने ) was a Nepalese writer who introduced stream - of - consciousness into Nepalese literature .
Kamaladdin Heydarov Fattah oglu ( Azerbaijani : Kəmaləddin Heydərov Fəttah oğlu ; born July 15 , 1961 ) is an Azerbaijani composer and politician serving as the Minister of Emergency Situations .
James Allen McCune is an American actor born in Atlanta , Georgia to Charlotte and Loren McCune .
Jacqueline West is a costume designer whose work has been recognized in numerous films such as The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen , Quills , State of Play , The Tree of Life , Seventh Son , and The Revenant .
Roger Limb is a British composer , specialising in electronic music .
Dominik Kubalík ( born August 21 , 1995 ) is a Czech ice hockey player .
Melhem Barakat ( Arabic:ملحم بركات ) , also known as Melhim Barakat , is a Lebanese Christian singer , songwriter , and melodist .
When a version appeared in her collection America the Beautiful , and Other Poems ( 1912 ) , a reviewer in the New York Times wrote : `` we intend no derogation to Miss Katharine Lee Bates when we say that she is a good minor poet . ''
Bengt Erland Fogelberg ( also Benedict Fogelberg ) , ( August 8 , 1786 - December 22 , 1854 ) was a Swedish sculptor .
Jaggesh is an Indian actor , politician and a director who has predominantly worked in Kannada film industry and is best known for the comedy roles he portrays in his movies .
Ulf Kristiansen ( born March 311 , 1969 ) is a Norwegian painter and video - artist .
John Englehart or Joseph John Englehart ( 1867 - -1915 ) , was a prolific American landscape painter who worked under a number of pseudonyms .
Harry Leader ( March 10 , 1880 - May 9 , 1946 ) was a Canadian politician , farmer and cattle breeder .
Vineet Verma ( born November 25 , 1982 in Aurangabad , State of Maharashtra , India ) is a film director , screenwriter , producer , editor , 2D and 3D animator , and storyboard artist .
Iwan Edwards , CM ( born October 5 , 1937 ) , is a celebrated Canadian choral conductor .
Andrew James Estrella Arellano ( born January 16 , 1980 ) , better known as Drew Arellano , is an American actor and host .
Luis Marden ( born Annibale Luigi Paragallo ) ( January 25 , 1913 -- March 3 , 2003 ) was an American photographer , explorer , writer , filmmaker , diver , navigator , and linguist who worked for National Geographic Magazine .
Archie Talley ( born c. 1953 ) is an American basketball player and motivational speaker .
William Stewart Halsted , M.D. ( September 23 , 1852 -- September 7 , 1922 ) was an American surgeon who emphasized strict aseptic technique during surgical procedures , was an early champion of newly discovered anesthetics , and introduced several new operations , including the radical mastectomy for breast cancer .
Ella Sterling Mighels ( May 5 , 1853 -- December 10 , 1934 ) ( née : Ella Sterling Clark ; during first marriage : Ella Sterling Cummins ; pen name : Aurora Esmeralda ) was a California pioneer , author and literary historian .
Stephen Cepello ( born June 29 , 1949 ) is an American artist and a former professional wrestler .
Lafif Lakhdar ( also written `` Al - Afif Al - Akhdar '' or `` Afif Lakhdar '' ) was a French - Tunisian writer and journalist .
Meredith McCoy Mauldin is an American actress , singer , and voice actress who has worked for Funimation .
Nicolae Bănescu ( born December 16 , 1878 , Călărași - d. September 11 , 1971 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian historian , member of the Romanian Academy .
Khalil Joreige ( Arabic : خليل جريج‎ ) is a Lebanese film director , screenwriter and producer .
Julius Margolin ( Russian : Юлий ( Юлиус ) Борисович Марголин , October 14 , 1900 -- January 21 , 1971 ) was a Litvak writer and political activist , and author of the book A Travel to the Land Ze - Ka ( Путешествие в страну Зэ-Ка ) .
Mallobaudes or Mellobaudes was a 4th - century Frankish king who also held the Roman title of comes domesticorum .
Nynke Klopstra ( born April 5 , 1973 in Giekerk , Friesland ) is a former Dutch judoka .
Mercedes Negrón Muñoz a.k.a . `` Clara Lair '' ( March 8 , 1895 -- August 26 , 1973 ) , was a poet whose work dealt with the everyday struggles of the common Puerto Rican .
Guy Wildenstein ( born December 19 , 1945 ) is a French businessman , art dealer and racehorse owner and breeder .
Sahibdin ( fl . 17th century ) was an Indian miniature painter of the Mewar school of Rajasthan painting .
Michel Blavet ( March 13 , 1700 -- October 28 , 1768 ) was a French composer and flute virtuoso .
David Puente is an award - winning TV , print and digital journalist and producer .
R. Slater ( dates unknown ) was an English cricketer active in 1865 who played for Lancashire .
Miguel Ángel Deniz Mendez ( born November 17 , 1982 in Las Palmas , Canary Islands ) is a B1/S11 swimmer from Spain .
Robert Martin Klein ( also known as R. Martin Klein ) is a voice actor who went under the alias name Bob Marx in his earlier dubbing work during the 90 's .
Mel Edwards ( born 1937 ) is an American sculptor , based in New York City .
Cortez Coleman ( born January 28 , 1982 ) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator 's welterweight division .
Park Chul - soo ( November 20 , 1948 -- February 19 , 2013 ) was a South Korean film director , producer , screenwriter and occasional actor .
Ruth Seid ( July 1 , 1913 -- April 4 , 1995 ) , was an American novelist who wrote under the pen name Jo Sinclair .
Reinhold Durnthaler ( Sometimes spelled as Reinhold Dumthaler ) ( born November 29 , 1942 ) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed in the 1960s .
Beth Fowler ( born November 1 , 1940 ) is an American actress and singer , best known for her performances on Broadway .
Claude Cormier ( born June 22 , 1960 ) is a landscape architect from Quebec .
Bravig Imbs was an American novelist and poet .
Emma Burgess ( born Brandi Emma ) is an American singer - songwriter who released her first album Swim , produced by Rusty Anderson and Ofer Moses , in 2007 on Love Yourself Records .
Francesco Bendusi ( died c. 1553 ) was an Italian composer of the 16th century .
John Thomas Barber Beaumont ( 1774 - -1841 ) was a British army officer , painter , author , and philanthropist .
Kevin Dorff ( born August 2 , 1966 ) is an American actor and comedian known for his work as a writer and sketch performer on Late Night with Conan O'Brien and The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien .
Julian Firth is an English actor , best known for his roles as troubled inmate Davis in the cinematic version of the film Scum and as Brother Jerome in the long - running television series Cadfael .
Highsmith introduced Tom Ripley in The Talented Mr. Ripley ( 1955 ) as a young man making a meager living as a con artist .
Ted Wilde ( December 16 , 1889 - December 17 , 1929 ) was a comedy writer and director during the era of silent movies , though he also directed two talkies released in 1930 .
Chosen Effect also known by the name T - Effect , is an American singer , rapper , songwriter , record producer , musician , DJ , dancer and actor .
Red Lane , born Hollis Rudolph DeLaughter with surname pronounced Dee - LAW - ter ( February 9 , 1939 -- July 1 , 2015 ) , was an American singer / songwriter .
Philip Kim is a condensed matter physicist known for study of quantum transport in carbon nanotubes and graphene , including observations of quantum Hall effects in graphene .
Leo Wolman ( February 24 , 1890 -- October 2 , 1961 ) was a noted American economist whose work focused on labor economics .
Irena Kohont is Slovenian singer , especially well known in late 1960s and early 1970s .
Elizabeth Drew Stoddard , née Barstow ( May 6 , 1823 -- August 1 , 1902 ) , was a United States poet and novelist
Ivan Domaratsky ( Ukrainian : Іван Домарацький ; second half of the 17th century -- first half of the 18th century ) was a Ukrainian composer , author of partsong concertos and Liturgies .
Miguel Ángel Landa ( born November 4 , 1936 ) is a Venezuelan actor , stand - up comedian , and television personality best known for hosting the sketch comedy show , Bienvenidos .
Jesse Dylan ( born January 6 , 1966 ) is an American film director , and the founder , CEO and creative director of the media production company Wondros .
Eileen Hsieh ( 繁體 : 謝雅琳 , 简体:谢雅琳 ) is a bilingual journalist and blogger based in London , and the former host of CNN 's weekly Chinese news program which ran from 2009 - 2011 .
Simone Borrelli ( born November 5 , 1985 ) is an Italian actor , director , singer , songwriter and musician .
Manuel Corchado y Juarbe ( September 12 , 1840 -- November 30 , 1884 ) was a Puerto Rican poet , journalist and politician who defended the abolition of slavery and the establishment of a University in Puerto Rico .
Rod Bernard ( born August 12 , 1940 ) is an American singer who helped to pioneer the musical genre known as `` swamp pop '' , which combined New Orleans - style rhythm and blues , country and western , and Cajun and black Creole music .
Devaraj ( Kannada : ದೇವರಾಜ್ ) is an Indian actor and theatre actor who works in South Indian film industries .
Helen Gahagan Douglas ( November 25 , 1900 -- June 28 , 1980 ) was an American actress and politician .
William Reuben Thomas ( May 24 , 1866 - September 10 , 1943 ) was a politician and businessman from Gainesville , Florida .
Huang Hua ( Chinese : 黄华 ; pinyin : Huáng Huá ; January 25 , 1913 -- November 24 , 2010 ) was a senior Communist Chinese revolutionary , politician , and diplomat .
Danny Javier is a Filipino composer and singer and now recently as a TV actor .
Ray McManus is an American poet with three award - winning poetry collections .
McRonald Kamaka ( March 9 , 1937 -- July 23 , 2007 ) was an American / Canadian professional wrestler known by the ring name Tor Kamata .
Frank Schaeffer ( born August 3 , 1952 ) is an American author , film director , screenwriter , public speaker and painter .
Kathleen Elle ( born Kathleen Elizabeth ) is an American singer - songwriter and guitarist , based in New Jersey .
Connie Myers ( born November 14 , 1944 ) is an American Republican Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1996 to 2006 , where she represented the 23rd legislative district .
Donald John Lewis ( 25 January 1926 -- 25 February 2015 ) , better known as D.J. Lewis , was an American mathematician specializing in number theory .
Pedro Albizu Campos ( September 12 , 1891 -- April 21 , 1965 ) was a Puerto Rican attorney and politician , and the leading figure in the Puerto Rican independence movement .
Semi Ravouvou Ravouvou ( born ( date unknown ) at Saunaka , Nadi ; died circa 1967 at Saunaka , Nadi ) was a Fijian cricketer .
Seán O'Meara is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Offaly senior team .
Ihar Hermianchuk ( other spellings : Hermyanchuk , Hiermianchuk ; Ігар Гермянчук in Belarusian ; January 1 , 1961 -- April 29 , 2002 ) was a famous Belarusian journalist and political activist .
Jin Bora is a professional musician despite her young age .
Itzhak Perlman ( Hebrew : יצחק פרלמן‎ ; born August 31 , 1945 ) is an Israeli - American violinist , conductor , and pedagogue .
Jamal Salameh ( جمال سلامة ; Alexandria , 5 October 1945 ) is an Egyptian songwriter .
Richard G. Ditlevsen , Jr. is an American stunt performer .
Hady Mirza ( Malay : حدي ميرزا ; born 28 January 1980 ) is a Singaporean singer .
Samuel Church ( born Salisbury , Connecticut , February 4 , 1785 ; died September 13 , 1854 ) was a lawyer , politician , and Chief Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court .
Abba Siddick is a Muslim Chadian politician and revolutionary born in what was the Oubangui - Chari French colony ( today Central African Republic ) .
Gilbert Armitage was a British lawyer , critic and journalist who was associated with Percy Wyndham Lewis .
Lee Duffield was a journalist with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation ( ABC ) for 22 years , in radio and television news .
Gene Chandler ( born Eugene Dixon , July 6 , 1937 ) nicknamed `` The Duke of Earl '' or simply `` The Duke '' , is an African - American singer , songwriter , music producer and executive .
Liao Liou - yi ( Chinese : 廖了以 ; pinyin : Liào Liǎoyǐ ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Jack Tuszyński ( born 1956 ) is a Polish professor of oncology and physicist .
Joshua John Miller ( born December 26 , 1974 ) is an American actor , screenwriter , author , and director .
Bob McAllister ( June 2 , 1935 -- July 21 , 1998 ) was an American television personality , magician and children 's entertainer and a host of Wonderama .
Berik Kupeshov ( Kazakh : Берік Көпешов ; born January 30 , 1987 ) is a Kazakhstani road bicycle racer who formerly rode for UCI ProTeam Astana .
Tutu Jones ( born September 9 , 1966 ) is an American electric blues and soul blues guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Professor Albert G. Hill , a physicist , was a key leader in the development of radar in WWII , director of the MIT Lincoln Laboratory development of the electronic Distant Early Warning and SAGE continental air defense systems , and first chairman of The Charles Stark Draper Laboratory .
Grifo di Tancredi ( active 1271 - 1312 ) was an Italian painter , likely born in Florence .
Mae Beavers ( born December 11 , 1947 in Millport , Alabama ) is a Tennessee Republican politician and a member of the Tennessee Senate for the 17th district , which is composed of Cannon , Clay , DeKalb , Macon , Smith , and Wilson counties .
James Rowland Angell ( /ˈeɪndʒəl/ ; May 8 , 1869 -- March 4 , 1949 ) was an American psychologist and educator .
Min Tein was a Burmese diplomat and the ambassador of Myanmar to Russia from 2006 to 2008 .
Logan Richardson ( born July 29 , 1980 , in Kansas City , Missouri ) is an alto saxophonist , composer , & bandleader currently living in both New York City , and Paris , France .
Zina Pitcher ( April 12 , 1797 in Sandy Hill , New York -- April 5 , 1872 in Detroit ) was an American physician , politician , educator , and academic administrator .
Yu Ming - shi ( Chinese : 尤明錫 ; pinyin : Yóu Míngxī ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Thomas Jefferson Boynton ( August 31 , 1838 -- May 2 , 1871 ) was an American lawyer , journalist , and judge .
Zoë Mozert ( April 27 , 1907 -- February 1 , 1993 ) , born Alice Adelaide Moser , was an American illustrator .
Charles E. Hartge ( September 1 , 1865-October 25 , 1918 ) was an American architect who was born in Hamburg , Germany as Carl Emil Hartge and who worked largely in North Carolina .
Michael Stanley ( born March 25 , 1948 as Michael Stanley Gee in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American singer - songwriter , musician , and radio personality .
Forrest Bess ( October 5 , 1911 -- November 10 , 1977 ) was an American painter and eccentric visionary .
Charles Brockden Brown ( January 17 , 1771 -- February 22 , 1810 ) , an American novelist , historian , and editor of the Early National period , is generally regarded by scholars as the most important American novelist before James Fenimore Cooper .
Claire Horrent was a French freestyle swimmer .
Sachin Bhatt ( born in St. Louis , Missouri , USA ) is an American theatre , film and television actor of Indian descent .
Eleanor Norcross , born Ella Augusta Norcross ( 1854 -- 1923 ) , was an American painter who studied under William Merritt Chase and Alfred Stevens .
Anni Hammergaard Hansen ( born Jørgensen ) is a former Danish badminton player .
Eileen Clegg is an American visual journalist and founder of Visual Insight .
William Stetson Kennedy ( October 5 , 1916 -- August 27 , 2011 ) was an American author and human rights activist .
Rachel Rockwell is an American theater director , choreographer and performer .
Betty Shamieh is an American playwright , author , screenwriter , and actor of Palestinian descent .
Lee Castle ( February 28 , 1915 - November 16 , 1990 ) was an American jazz trumpeter and bandleader .
Gheorghe Zamfir ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈɡe̯orɡe zamˈfir ) ; born April 6 , 1941 ) is a Romanian pan flute musician .
Morris Grant ( May 11 , 1845 - May 23 , 1915 ) , was an African American boxer who claimed the status of being the World Colored Heavyweight Champ and was the second boxer recognized as such .
Don Busath is a Latter - day Saints photographer who specialised in portraiture .
Stefano da Verona ( or da Zevio ; c. 1379 -- c. 1438 ) was an Italian painter who was active in Verona .
Vladimir Minashkin ( also Minachkin , Russian : Владимир Иванович Минашкин ; 1928 - -2000 ) was a Russian breaststroke swimmer .
John Storm Roberts ( February 24 , 1936 -- November 29 , 2009 ) was a British - born , U.S .- based ethnomusicologist , writer and record producer .
Philip Lasser ( born August 4 , 1963 ) is an American composer , pianist , and music theorist .
Master of Pedret is the name given by historians to a Romanesque fresco painter active in Catalonia in the early twelfth century .
Moses J. Wentworth was an American lawyer and politician from Chicago , Illinois who served as a member of the 29th Illinois General Assembly , in the Illinois House of Representatives , from the 1st district .
Leta Lindley ( born June 1 , 1972 ) is an American professional golfer who captured her first LPGA Tour title after 15 years on tour at the 2008 LPGA Corning Classic .
Anthony George ( January 29 , 1921 -- March 16 , 2005 ) was an American actor mostly seen on television .
John Wilcockson is a British sports journalist and author who has covered professional cycling for over 40 years , reporting on major cycling events for NPR and the BBC World Service , and publishing articles in The New York Times , Outside , Men 's Journal and The Times , among others .
Ray Condo ( May 16 , 1950 -- April 15 , 2004 ) , born Ray Tremblay , was a Canadian rockabilly singer , saxophonist , and guitarist .
Thomas James `` Tommy '' Laughlin ( born February 13 , 1971 ) , best known by his ring name Tommy Dreamer , is an American professional wrestler , promoter , and actor .
Louis Brassin ( 24 June 1840 -- 17 May 1884 ) was a Belgian pianist , composer and music educator .
Gene Kan ( September 6 , 1976 -- June 29 , 2002 ) was a British - born Chinese American peer - to - peer file - sharing programmer who was among the first programmers to produce an open - source version of the file - sharing application that implemented the Gnutella protocol .
Arnold Eric Sevareid ( November 26 , 1912 -- July 9 , 1992 ) was a CBS news journalist from 1939 to 1977 .
Cláudio Abramo ( April 6 , 1923 in São Paulo -- August 14 , 1987 in São Paulo ) was a Brazilian journalist and author .
Antonio de Saliba , also Antonello de Saliba , ( c.1466-c.1535 ) was an Italian painter .
Angel Clivillés is the stage name used by Louise Angel Sabater , a Latina dance music singer of Puerto Rican descent .
Cormac Antram ( May 18 , 1926 -- October 1 , 2013 ) , born James Antram and known as Father Cormac , was a Catholic priest and member of the Franciscan order who became known for his work on the Navajo Nation and with the Navajo language .
Nerene Virgin is a Canadian journalist , actress , educator , author and television host , best known for her role on the children 's television series Today 's Special .
Vance A. Funk , III ( born December 16 , 1942 ) is an American lawyer and politician from Newark , in New Castle County , Delaware .
Charlie Ayers is the former executive chef for Google .
Don Kiser ( 1937 - April 23 , 2009 ) was an American politician and the Mayor of Paris , Kentucky from 2002 up until his death in 2009 .
T.M. Scorzafava born Tina Shaw , is an Italian American film director .
George Thatcher ( April 12 , 1754 -- April 6 , 1824 ) was an American lawyer , jurist , and statesman from the Maine district of Massachusetts .
Alton White ( born May 31 , 1945 in Amherst , Nova Scotia ) is a retired professional Canadian ice hockey player .
Thomas Bard McFarland ( April 19 , 1828 - 1908 ) was a miner , politician and judge in the U.S. state of California .
Edoardo Chiossone ( January 21 , 1833 - April 11 , 1898 ) was an Italian engraver and painter , noted for his work as a foreign advisor to Meiji period Japan , and for his collection of Japanese art .
Joe Hyams ( June 6 , 1923 -- November 8 , 2008 ) was an American Hollywood columnist and author of bestselling biographies of Hollywood stars .
Edward Francis Hutton ( September 7 , 1875 -- July 11 , 1962 ) was an American financier and co - founder of E. F. Hutton & Co. , one of the most respected financial firms in the United States .
Rich Cole is a freelance journalist who first gained notoriety for his pithy articles with the University of Victoria 's newspaper , The Martlet .
Quintus Ligarius ( 1st century BC ) was a Roman soldier who was one of the members of the conspiracy to assassinate Julius Caesar .
Philip Shelby is an American writer , possibly best known for writing the second novel , The Cassandra Compact , in the Covert - One series in conjunction with fellow author Robert Ludlum .
Carol Romano is an American public health nurse who is a former Assistant Surgeon General and Chief Nursing Officer for the United States Public Health Service ( PHS ) .
Sheelagh Carpendale is a Canadian artist and computer scientist working in the field of Information Visualization and Human - Computer Interaction .
Ryan Rems Sarita ( born 1978/1979 ) , popularly known as Ryan Rems , is a Filipino comedian and television personality .
Alexandre da Silva Santana ( born December 10 , 1979 ) , known professionally as Babu Santana , is a Brazilian actor .
Stanislav Procházka ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈstaɲɪslaf ˈproxaːska ) , born June 11 , 1973 in Pardubice ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player .
William Bendings ( died c.1197 ) was an English judge and county sheriff .
June Newton ( née Browne , 1923 ) is an Australian actress and photographer .
Larry Stock ( New York City 1896 -- May 4 , 1984 ) was an American songwriter .
Dr. Shamitha Malnad ( Kannada : ಶಮಿತಾ ಮಲ್ನಾಡ್ ; born 9 June ) is an Indian playback singer .
Ammonius of Athens ( Greek : Ἀμμώνιος ) , sometimes called Ammonius the Peripatetic , was a philosopher who taught in Athens in the 1st century .
Cho Ja Young ( Hangul : 조자영 ; born May 26 , 1991 ) , commonly known by her stage name Ah Young ( Hangul : 아영 ) , is a South Korean singer , actress and model .
Gil Elvgren ( March 15 , 1914 -- February 29 , 1980 ; born Gillette Elvgren ) was an American painter of pin - up girls , advertising and illustration .
Robert Blohm ( born on May 27 , 1948 in Trenton , New Jersey ) is an American and Canadian investment banker , economist and statistician , currently a professor of economics at China 's Central University of Finance and Economics .
Tom Nicholls is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
George Hughes Kirby ( 1875 - 1935 ) was an American physician and psychiatrist , administrator , and educator , who contributed to the advancement of psychiatry in the United States .
Raquel Forner ( April 22 , 1902 -- June 10 , 1988 ) was an Argentine painter known for her expressionist works .
Marc Dorsey is an American R&B singer who released his first single , `` People Make the World Go Round '' , in 1994 .
Kevin Asch ( born September 5 , 1975 ) is an American film director and film producer .
Arthur Hill Gillmor ( March 12 , 1824 -- April 13 , 1903 ) was a Canadian farmer , lumberman and Liberal politician from New Brunswick .
Frank A. Barnhart is an American actor , producer , director , and college professor .
Mohammed Ahmed Abdallah ( born c. 1953 ) is a Sudanese physician and human rights activist .
Younhee Yang ( 양윤희 , Seoul , Republic of Korea , July 10 , 1977 ) is a contemporary Korean painter .
Anand Rajan is an Indian First Class cricketer plays for Madhya Pradesh .
Shambhavi Singh ( born 1966 ) is a painter , printmaker , and installation artist currently based in New Delhi , India .
Félix Torres Sánchez ( born May 1 , 1932 , in Ponce , Puerto Rico ) is a retired professional baseball player who played 3 seasons for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball after spending time in the Cincinnati Redlegs and Philadelphia Phillies farm systems .
Randy Blair is an American musical theatre actor and writer .
Leigh Kamman ( September 2 , 1922 -- October 17 , 2014 ) was an American radio host who has focused bringing jazz music to the airwaves for his career , which spans more than six decades .
Joseph Strick ( July 6 , 1923 -- June 2 , 2010 ) was an American director , producer and screenwriter .
Priscilla A. Clapp is a United States diplomat who served as Chief of Mission in Burma from July 1999 to August 2002 .
Edmund Parr ( March 30 , 1849 -- March 17 , 1925 ) was an American Republican politician who served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates and Senate , representing his native Patrick County .
Caitlin Yeo is an Australian musician and film composer , whose credits include the feature film Jucy ( 2010 ) and All My Friends Are Leaving Brisbane ( 2007 ) .
Max De Pree ( born October 28 , 1924 ) is an American businessman and writer .
Bassem Breish ( Arabic : باسم بريش , also spelled Bassem Breiche ) is a Lebanese film director and writer , who was recently notable for being a member of the team which made Shankaboot , a Lebanese series available through the internet which has been described as `` the world 's first Arabic web drama '' .
Francis Steegmuller ( July 3 , 1906 -- October 20 , 1994 ) was an American biographer , translator and fiction writer , who was known chiefly as a Flaubert scholar .
Josephine Webb ( born June 21 , 1918 ) is an American electrical engineer who obtained two patents for oil circuit breaker contact design , known colloquially as `` switchgear '' .
William Christopher ( born October 20 , 1932 ) is an American actor who is best known for playing Father John Patrick Francis Mulcahy ( full character name ) , better known as Father Mulcahy , on the television series M*A*S*H , and Private Lester Hummel on Gomer Pyle , U.S.M.C.
Elizabeth Palmer is a Canadian television journalist who reports for the United States based CBS Evening News channel .
Frank Albertson ( February 2 , 1909 -- February 29 , 1964 ) was an American character actor who made his debut in a minor part in Hollywood at age thirteen .
Clifford Stine , ASC ( March 24 , 1906 -- December 12 , 1986 ) , was a cinematographer known for working on western and horror movies .
Angel Balzarino ( born August 4 , 1943 ) is an Argentine writer who currently lives in Rafaela .
Henry P. Glass ( September 24 , 1911 -- August 27 , 2003 ) was an American designer , architect , author , and inventor .
Gabriel Gurméndez Armand - Ugon ( born 1961 ) is an Uruguayan industrial engineer , business executive and government figure .
Jong Thae - yang , also spelled Jong Tae Yang , is a North Korean diplomat .
Peter Filkins is an American poet and literary translator .
Josh Lomberger ( born November 25 , 1980 ) , better known by his ring name Josh Mathews , is an American presenter , announcer , and former professional wrestler signed with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) .
Nay Sleiman ( Arabic : ناي سليمان‎ ) is a Lebanese pop singer with diverse vocal ability and style that attracted following from different countries from the Arab world .
Ogirala Ramachandra Rao ( Telugu : ఓగిరాల రామచంద్రరావు ) ( 1905 - -1957 ) was an Indian film actor , music director and multi instrumentalist , predominant in Telugu cinema .
Gregg Godfrey ( born May 26 , 1969 ) is an American writer , producer and director .
Lawrence Cheng Tan - shui ( born 27 November 1955 ) is a Hong Kong film actor , director , screenwriter , producer , and master of ceremonies .
Arthur H. Robinson ( January 5 , 1915 -- October 10 , 2004 ) was an American geographer and cartographer , who was professor in the Geography Department at the University of Wisconsin--
Alanna Clarke is a Canadian singer / songwriter , guitarist , and piano player based in Cochrane , Alberta .
Surender Kumar Malik ( S.K. Malik ) is an Indian mathematician who specialised in Applied mathematics especially in nonlinear phenomena .
Sexton Blake is a fictional detective who appeared in many British comic strips and novels throughout the 20th century .
Frederick Aspinall ( 2 September 1859 -- date of death unknown ) was an English cricketer .
Kevin Raleigh is an American singer and keyboardist best known for his tenure with the Michael Stanley Band .
Barnaba Okony Gilo is a South Sudanese politician , belonging to the SPLM .
Ernest Julius Wilczynski ( November 13 , 1876 - -September 14 , 1932 ) was an American mathematician considered the founder of projective differential geometry .
George Andrew Olah ( born Oláh György ; May 22 , 1927 ) is a Hungarian and American chemist .
Shelley Ackerman ( born October 14 , 1953 ) is an American astrologer , writer , actress and singer .
Joseph Palmer II ( June 16 , 1914 -- August 15 , 1994 ) was an American diplomat and State Department official whose career focused on U.S. relations with Africa .
Freddie Gorman ( born Frederick Cortez Gorman , April 11 , 1939 -- June 13 , 2006 ) was an American musician and record producer , most famous as a singer , songwriter for the Motown label in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Jharkhande Rai ( Hindi : झारखंडे राय ) was an Indian Communist politician .
Frank Jenks ( November 4 , 1902 - May 13 , 1962 ) was an acid - voiced American supporting actor of stage and films .
Arthur Lawes was a rugby league player in the Australian competition the New South Wales Rugby League .
Martyn Jacques ( born 1959 ) is a British musician , singer and songwriter mostly known as the founder and front man of cult British trio The Tiger Lillies .
William Hallett Ray ( May 25 , 1825 -- May 7 , 1909 ) was a Canadian politician , farmer , and merchant .
Lee Kyung - kyu ( born August 1 , 1960 ) is a South Korean actor , comedian , MC , film producer , and screenwriter .
Anne Petera is an American politician from Virginia and a former United States Department of Homeland Security official .
Craig Timberlake ( October 30 , 1920 -- December 31 , 2006 ) was an American stage actor , singer , author , and educator .
Augustus Pearl Martin ( November 23 , 1835 -- March 13 , 1902 ) was an American politician and soldier from Massachusetts who served as the mayor of Boston , Massachusetts , in 1884 .
Ewan Gorman is a British film director best known for the children 's adventure film , Young Hunters :
Kobi Oz ( Hebrew : קובי אוז‎ , born Yaakov Uzan on 17 September 1969 ) is the lead singer of Israeli group Teapacks .
Tha'alibi ( Abu Mansour al - Hosein ibn Muhammad al - Marghani ) ( Persian , Arabic:ابو منصور الحسین ابن محمّد المرغنی ) , from Marghan , in Ghōr Province , Afghanistan , was a Muslim historian .
Benjamin Mills was a lawyer and judge who served in the Kentucky Circuit Courts and the Kentucky Court of Appeals .
John Milton Niles ( August 20 , 1787 -- May 31 , 1856 ) was a lawyer , editor , author and politician from Connecticut , serving in the United States Senate and as United States Postmaster General 1840 to 1841 .
Ethel Brilliana Tweedie F.R.G.S. ( 1862 - -1940 ) was a prolific English author , travel writer , biographer , historian , editor , journalist , photographer and illustrator .
Hurd Curtis Willett ( January 1 , 1903 -- March 26 , 1992 ) was an American meteorologist known for his role in developing five - day weather forecasting techniques and widely known for his attempts at very long - range forecasting .
Ashley Underwood ( born February 8 , 1985 ) is an American women 's basketball player and pageant contestant from Benton , Maine who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2009 .
Mohamad Bazzi ( Arabic : محمد بزي‎ ) , is a Lebanese - American award - winning journalist .
Charles Crodel ( September 16 , 1894 -- November 11 , 1973 ) was a German painter and stained glass artist who also taught at Penn State University and the University of Louisville .
Mark Tattersall ( born c.1984 , Preston ) is a journalist , and former news reporter for ITV program Granada Reports .
Lyle Ashton Harris ( born 1965 ) is an American artist who has cultivated a diverse artistic practice ranging from photographic media , collage , installation art and performance art .
Garvin Cross is a Canadian stuntman , stunt coordinator , and actor .
Martyn Andrews is a British television presenter , broadcast journalist , trained actor and singer .
Raney Shockne is an American music composer and producer based in Los Angeles .
Jérôme Pradon is an actor and singer who has performed in the West End , in Paris and in various other places around the world .
Kostas Seremetis ( born December 7 , 1972 in Boston , MA ) is an American painter , sculptor and filmmaker .
Eoin Murray is an Irish auto racing driver , born 9 December 1982 .
Joseph - Mignault - Paul Sauvé ( March 24 , 1907 -- January 2 , 1960 ) was a Quebec lawyer , World War II veteran and politician .
Ali Sepasyar is an American actor , and student of Iranian descent .
Friedrich August Flückiger ( also spelled Flueckiger ) was a Swiss pharmacist , chemist and botanist .
Ricky Yang is an Indonesian professional pool player of Chinese ancestry .
Enrique Estrada Reynoso ( 1890 - -1942 ) was a Mexican General , politician , and Secretary of National Defense .
Dimitrios Voulgaris ( Greek : Δημήτριος Βούλγαρης ; December 20 , 1802 -- January 10 , 1878 ) was a Greek revolutionary fighter during the Greek War of Independence of 1821 who became a politician after independence .
Andrzej Abrek ( died 1700 ) was a Polish philosopher .
Findlay Brown is a Yorkshire - born , Brooklyn - based singer - songwriter and producer .
Nathan Jung ( born November 29 , 1946 in Bakersfield , California ) is a Chinese American actor and stuntman .
Marco Calvani ( born December 11 , 1980 ) is an Italian playwright , director , translator and actor .
Alan Roger Currie ( born March 3 , 1963 ) is an American author , public speaker and Internet radio personality who has written advice books on dating and interpersonal relationships , verbal communication skills , manipulation , seduction , and talking dirty to women .
Theon of Samos ( Ancient Greek : Θέων ) was an ancient Greek painter during the era of Alexander the Great , is mentioned by Quintilian as a good artist of the second rank .
Jan van Amstel , or Jan de Hollander ( c.1500 - -c.1542 ) was a Dutch Northern Renaissance painter .
Sun Te - hsiung ( Chinese : 孫得雄 ; pinyin : Sūn Dexióng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Zoë Akins ( October 30 , 1886 -- October 29 , 1958 ) was a Pulitzer Prize - winning American playwright , poet , and author .
Usha Sanyal is a scholar and historian whose PhD dissertation analysed the Islamic legal scholar Ahmed Raza Khan Fazil - e - Barelvi .
Donald Eugene O'Brien ( September 30 , 1923 -- August 18 , 2015 ) was a United States district judge , in service since 1978 , on senior status since 1992 , until his death .
Vydas Dolinskas ( born 1970 in Jonava ) is Lithuanian art critic , art historian , director of Palace of the Grand Dukes of Lithuania .
Dave Nachmanoff ( born July 23 , 1964 ) is an award - winning American folk singer - songwriter and the sideman to Al Stewart ( `` Year of the Cat '' , `` Time Passages '' ) .
Narayan Kaji Shrestha ( Nepali : नारायणकाजी श्रेष्ठ ) , alias Prakash , is a Nepalese communist politician .
Heinrich Bichler ( also Hans Bichler , Heinrich Büchler or Hans Büchler ; 1466 - -1497 ) was a Swiss painter .
Michael Springer ( born August 4 , 1995 ) is a lacrosse player for the Philadelphia Barrage of Major League Lacrosse .
Alfred Henry Bromell ( September 19 , 1947 -- March 18 , 2013 ) was an American novelist , screenwriter , and director .
Nakia Reynoso ( born February 20 , 1975 ) , known professionally as Nakia , is an American musician , singer - songwriter and actor living in Austin , Texas .
Robert C. Broward ( March 30 , 1926 -- June 28 , 2015 ) was an architect and author based in Jacksonville , Florida .
Eleazar García Sáenz ( September 28 , 1924 -- August 24 , 1999 ) was a Mexican character actor best remembered as Antonio Aguilar 's comic sidekick .
Elizabeth Gaffney ( born in New York City on December 22 , 1966 ) is an American novelist .
Dave Campfield is an American film director , producer , screenwriter and actor .
Wang Ter - chang ( born 9 August 1962 ) is a Taiwanese golfer who plays mainly on the Asian Tour .
Jake Froese ( September 21 , 1925 - January 16 , 2013 ) was a Canadian politician , who served as a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons in the 31st Canadian Parliament .
Giulio Cesare Rubino was an Italian composer of whom little biographical information is known .
Adam LeBor is a British author , novelist and journalist .
John Shoemaker ( born August 18 , 1956 in Chillicothe , OH , USA ) is a former minor league baseball player who is currently manager of the Arizona League Dodgers .
William Tharp Cunningham , known as W. T. Cunningham or as Bill Cunningham ( August 21 , 1871 -- February 7 , 1952 ) , was a lawyer and judge in Natchitoches , Louisiana , who served in the Louisiana House of Representatives for one term between 1908 and 1912 .
Ingrid Alberini , known by her stage name In - Grid , is an Italian dancer and singer - songwriter .
Reginald Thomas Kirkwood ( May 30 , 1920 -- September 7 , 2006 ) , better known as Joe Kirkwood , Jr. , was a professional golfer on the PGA Tour and a motion picture actor .
Nicholas J. Vogelzang is a medical oncologist with Comprehensive Cancer Centers of Nevada ( CCCN ) .
U. Visweswar Rao is an Indian film , screenwriter , director , producer and playwright known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema .
Scott Strazzante ( born March 11 , 1964 ) is a U.S. photojournalist at the San Francisco Chronicle .
Pat Bishow is an American independent filmmaker and writer , and former drummer for The Mosquitos .
Mary Charleston is an Australian choreographer , film and television actress .
Eduard Hayrapetyan ( Armenian : Էդուարդ Հայրապետյան ; born September 5 , 1949 ) is an Armenian composer of contemporary classical music .
Marco Lemmi ( Livorno , February 26 , 1834 - 1900 ) was an Italian photographer and painter , in the latter , mainly of landscapes .
Daniel Fletcher Webster , commonly known as Fletcher Webster ( July 25 , 1818 in Portsmouth , New Hampshire -- August 30 , 1862 ) was the son of renowned politician Daniel Webster and Grace Fletcher Webster .
Juliet Cariaga is an American glamour model who was selected to be the Penthouse Pet of the Month in December 1997 and Penthouse Pet of the Year in 2000 .
Thomas Essomba ( born December 2 , 1987 ) is a Cameroonian boxer in the Light flyweight division .
Clare Boothe Luce ( March 10 , 1903 -- October 9 , 1987 ) was an American author and politician , and later a US Ambassador .
Frank Newman Speller , Sr ( January 1 , 1875 -- January 1 , 1968 ) was a Canadian born American metallurgical engineer notable for his pioneering text on corrosion in 1926 .
Henri Alain Liogier , also known as Brother Alain ( January 31 , 1916 -- November 9 , 2009 ) was a French botanist , educator , and member of the clergy based out of Texas , United States .
Norman Macdougall is a Scottish historian who is known for writing about Scottish crown politics .
M. K. Brown is a cartoonist and painter whose work has appeared in many publications , including National Lampoon ( 1972 - 1981 ) , Mother Jones , Wimmen 's Comix , The New Yorker , Playboy and more .
Zhang Junlong ( 张俊龙 ) ( born November 12 , 1981 , in Qingdao , China ) , nicknamed the Dragon King , is a Chinese professional boxer in the heavyweight division and current WBU heavyweight interim champion .
Kadan ( also Qadan ) was the son of the second Great Khan of the Mongols Ögedei and a concubine .
Feruza Jumaniyozova ( Uzbek : Feruza Jumaniyozova , Russian : Феруза Жуманиёзова , Феруза Джуманиязова ) is an Uzbek pop singer who sings in the Uzbek and Tajik languages .
Emilio Colón ( born in Puerto Rico ) is an American solo cellist , chamber musician , conductor , composer and pedagogue .
Dora Rangelova ( Bulgarian : Дора Рангелова ) ( born 13 September 1960 ) is a retired Bulgarian tennis player .
Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales ( October 19 , 1899 -- June 9 , 1974 ) was a Nobel Prize - winning Guatemalan poet - diplomat , novelist , playwright and journalist .
Afzaal Haider ( born December 12 , 1971 ) is a Pakistani - born Hong Kong cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for Hong Kong in addition to two first class games for the team and several games for Lahore City in Pakistani domestic cricket .
Stanley Miller Williams ( April 8 , 1930 -- January 1 , 2015 ) was an American contemporary poet , as well as a translator and editor .
Ann Roth ( born October 30 , 1931 ) is an American costume designer for films and Broadway theatre .
Ron Hale ( born January 2 , 1946 ) is an American actor best known for his role as Dr. Roger Coleridge on the ABC soap opera Ryan 's Hope for its entire run ( 1975 - -1989 ) .
Tee Corinne ( November 3 , 1943 -- August 27 , 2006 ) was a photographer , author , and editor notable for the portrayal of sexuality in her artwork .
Adrian Nyel was a 17th - century French educator .
Polly Frost is a New York City - based writer , journalist , and playwright specializing in humor and erotic horror .
Horst Paul Albert Bohrmann ( August 14 , 1906 -- November 18 , 1999 ) who chose to be known as Horst P. Horst was a German - American fashion photographer .
George Rosenkrans ( Jan 17 , 1881-Aug . 18 , 1955 ) was a noted American composer of concert band music .
Nahum Ma'arabi ( or Maghrabi ) was a Moroccan Hebrew poet and translator of the thirteenth century .
Jose C. Ferrer ( born March 31 , 1964 in Puerto Rico ) is an American jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing .
Arthur S. Goldsmith ( February 26 , 1909 - February 3 , 1995 ) is an American bridge player .
Vladimir Pešić is a scientist from Montenegro , a biologist who is an expert on Hydrachnidiae , the water mites , and a co - author taxon authority for a new species of freshwater snail Valvata montenegrina Glöer & Pešić , 2008 ( Valvatidae , Gastropoda ) .
Robert Deyber ( born August 1955 in Greenwich , Connecticut ) is an American artist most known for literal visual portrayals of cliches , euphemisms and idioms from the English and other languages .
Iva Withers ( July 7 , 1917 -- October 7 , 2014 ) was a Canadian - born American actress and singer , best remembered as a replacement player who had long runs in some of Rodgers and Hammerstein 's biggest musical theatre hits .
Chen Shi - shuenn ( Chinese : 陳希舜 ; pinyin : Chén Xīshùn ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Knock Yokoyama ( 横山ノック Yokoyama Nokku , January 30 , 1932 -- May 3 , 2007 ) was a Japanese comedian and politician .
Branden Lee Hinkle is an American mixed martial artist who has competed in the UFC , Pancrase , RINGS , and BodogFIGHT .
Sasan Yafte , nicknamed `` Sasy Mankan '' , ( in Persian : ساسی مانکن ) is an Iranian pop singer .
Carlton Elijah Tillery ( born August 8 , 1957 ) is an American former boxer in the heavyweight division , nicknamed `` Phoenix Steel '' .
Amé Gorret ( 1836 or 1838 - 1907 ) , known in his native Aosta Valley as the `` Abbé Gorret '' ( `` Father Gorret '' ) , was a priest and Alpinist ( mountaineer ) .
Peter Fulde ( born April 6 , 1936 in Breslau , now Wroclaw ) is a physicist working in condensed matter theory and quantum chemistry .
Gregg Giuffria ( born July 28 , 1951 ) is an American rock musician and businessman .
Charles Nolan ( June 5 , 1957 -- January 30 , 2011 in New York City , New York ) was an American fashion designer .
Ronnie Brunswijk ( born March 7 , 1961 ) is a Surinamese ex - rebel leader , politician , and business man .
Jay Meuser ( September 28 , 1911 -- August 19 , 1963 ) was an American abstract expressionist painter .
Richard Norton - Taylor ( born 6 June 1944 ) is a British editor , journalist and playwright .
Dan Fagin is an American journalist who specializes in environmental health issues .
William Grant Milne ( ? -1866 ) , was a Scottish botanist .
Maybe Elizabeth Goudge is a writer who has n't gotten her due . ''
Roy Z ( born February , 1968 ) is an American guitarist , songwriter and producer , best known for his work with Bruce Dickinson ( from Iron Maiden ) , Halford , and Judas Priest .
Roy Zu - Arets ( Hebrew : רועי זו - ארץ ) ( born January 22 , 1969 ) is an American - Israeli composer , pianist , music producer , and arranger .
Harold Augenbraum ( born New York City March 31 , 1953 ) is an American writer , editor , and translator .
Jim Whiting ( born 1951 ) is a British artist and inventor .
Adolph Alexander Weinman ( December 11 , 1870 -- August 8 , 1952 ) was a German - born American sculptor and architectural sculptor .
Vito Viscomi is a Canadian screenwriter , story editor , and executive producer .
Kit Rachlis ( born December 27 , 1951 ) is an American journalist and editor who has held top posts at The Village Voice , LA Weekly , Los Angeles Times , Los Angeles magazine , The American Prospect , and most recently the California Sunday magazine .
Jana Pallaske ( born May 20 , 1979 ) is a German actress and singer for the rock band , Spitting Off Tall Buildings .
Angelus of St. Francis Mason , O.F.M. ( Spanish : Angelus a San Francisco ) , was an English Franciscan friar and writer active in the 17th century .
`` Minneapolis '' Jim Meehan ( born March 19 in Saint Paul , Minnesota ) is an American professional poker player from Burnsville , Minnesota .
Boris Yefimovich Yefimov ( Russian : Бори́с Ефи́мович Ефи́мов ; September 28 , 1899 or 1900 -- October 1 , 2008 ) was a Soviet political cartoonist best known for his critical political caricatures of Adolf Hitler and other Nazis produced before and during the Second World War , and was the chief illustrator of the newspaper Izvestia .
Leonidas Drosis ( Greek : Λεωνίδας Δρόσης ; died in 1882 ) was a Greek Neoclassical sculptor of the 19th century .
John Whitridge Williams ( January 26 , 1866 -- October 21 , 1931 ) was a pioneering obstetrician at Johns Hopkins Hospital .
Konrad der Pfaffe , ' Conrad the Priest ' , was a German Roman Catholic epic poet of the twelfth century , author of the `` Rolandslied '' , a German version of the famous `` Chanson de Roland '' .
Leslie Pearl is an American pop singer - songwriter born in Pennsylvania .
Lucien Parent , born Pierre Ovide Lucien Parent on April 29 , 1893 , was a prolific architect , designer , illustrator , and watercolorist .
Thomas Graves Meredith , K.C. ( June 16 , 1853-October 18 , 1945 ) , Canadian lawyer and businessman ;
Caleb Cain Marcus is a photographer born in Colorado U.S , living in New York City .
Brad Logan , sometimes known as Brad Minus , is a punk / hardcore guitarist from Los Angeles who also owns and operates Blacknoise Recordings , and has collaborated on projects with Alternative Tentacles .
Marc Meneau ( born March 16 , 1943 ) is a French chef , two stars at the Guide Michelin ( former three stars ) .
Ika Nord works as an actor , mime , clown and director .
One Evenor was a Greek painter who flourished around 420 BC , the father and teacher of the better - known painter Parrhasius of Ephesus .
Michelle Ray Smith ( born September 24 , 1974 ) is an American soap opera actress and underwear model .
Bryan O'Linn ( November 30 , 1927 -- July 19 , 2015 ) was a Namibian jurist , politician , lawyer and author .
Jonathan Daly ( born January 14 , 1942 ) is an American actor who is best known in America for his roles in Petticoat Junction , The Jimmy Stewart Show , and C.P.O. Sharkey , and best known in Australia for being in the comedy duo `` Delo & Daly . ''
Andrew Purves is a Christian theologian in the Reformed tradition through the Church of Scotland ( and later , the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) ) .
Harry S.N. Greene , M.D. ( 1904 - 1969 ) was an American pathologist .
Charles Earland ( May 24 , 1941 -- December 11 , 1999 ) was an American jazz composer , organist , and saxophonist in the soul jazz idiom .
Mark Marnell was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner - back for the Kilkenny senior team .
Scott Henderson ( born August 26 , 1954 ) is an American jazz fusion and blues guitarist best known for his work with the band Tribal Tech . He has worked with numerous record labels including Passport Jazz , Blue Moon , and Tone Center Records and Blues Bureau International , both members of the Shrapnel Label Group .
Morto da Feltre was an Italian painter of the Venetian school who worked at the close of the 15th century and beginning of the 16th .
Angela Correa is a singer / songwriter .
Mark Donovan ( born 12 October 1968 ) is a Welsh character actor best known for grotesque roles in productions such as Shaun of the Dead , Black Books , In Bruges , and Murder Investigation Team .
Kanhai Chitrakar was an Indian artist and painter , credited with the revival of the heritage painting discipline of Kanhai Art , a method of painting where gold powder , gold leaves and gem stones are used .
Hsu Feng - pin ( simplified Chinese : 许峰宾 ; traditional Chinese : 許峰賓 ; pinyin : Xǔ Fēngbīn ) ( born October 10 , 1981 ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni - President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Arnold Benington ( 25 April 1903 - 2 April 1982 ) was a British ornithologist who was instrumental in establishing the Copeland Bird Observatory .
Benjamin Wright ( October 10 , 1770 -- August 24 , 1842 ) was an American civil engineer who was chief engineer of the Erie Canal and the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal .
Lin Wanfang , better known as just One - Fang ( simplified Chinese : 万芳 ; traditional Chinese : 萬芳 ; pinyin : Wànfāng ) , is a Taiwanese Mandopop singer .
Iacopo Jacomelli was an Italian singer of the 1940s .
Akhtar Raza Saleemi ( Urdu : اختر رضا سلیمی‎ ) is a Pakistani Urdu , Hindko and Potohari poet , novelist , writer , critic and editor .
Zygmunt Załęski ( February 13 , 1892 -- January 12 , 1966 in Warsaw ) , pseudonym Gnatowski , was a Polish national movement activist , politician and publicist .
Kane Morgan is an Australian rugby league player who plays for North Sydney Bears in the NSW Cup .
Manfred Schüler ( born March 7 , 1932 in Jessen ) is a German financial and management expert and politician ( SPD ) .
Jack Bernstein , ( November 5 , 1899 -- December 26 , 1945 ) was an American boxer given the birthname John Dodick .
Lewis Everett Scott ( November 19 , 1892 -- November 2 , 1960 ) , nicknamed `` Deacon '' , was an American professional baseball player .
Suzy Frelinghuysen ( May 7 , 1911 -- March 19 , 1988 ) , also known as Suzy Morris , was an American abstract painter and opera singer .
Charles McGregor ( September 1 , 1922 -- August 11 , 1996 ) was an African American actor , best known for his role as Fat Freddie in Super Fly .
Enrique Amorim ( July 25 , 1900 -- July 28 , 1960 ) was a Uruguayan novelist and writer , best known for his story Las quitanderas whose plot centres on rural prostitution ; also known for his left - wing politics .
Alex Cord ( born May 3 , 1933 ) is an American actor who is best known for his portrayal of Michael Coldsmith Briggs III , better known as Archangel , in fifty - five episodes of the CBS adventure television series Airwolf ( 1984 - -1986 ) .
Gary Window is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Central District in the SANFL .
Jordan Fliegel is an American entrepreneur , early - stage technology investor , and former professional basketball player .
Francisco Humberto Vélez Montiel ( Born March 30 , 1955 ) is a Mexican voice actor .
Betty Harlafti is a young Greek mezzo soprano and singer .
Sir Abraham Charles Gerard Wijeyekoon ( known as Sir Gerard Wijeyekoon ) was a Ceylonese lawyer and a politician .
Shania Twain , OC ( /ʃəˌnaɪ.ə ˈtweɪn/ ) ( born Eilleen Regina Edwards ; August 28 , 1965 ) is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
Martin Sutton ( born 15 May 1964 ) is a British songwriter , record producer , mixer and songwriting coach and mentor living and working in Buckinghamshire .
Kuniyoshi Kaneko ( 金子國義 ; b. 1936 , Saitama Prefecture , Japan -- d. March 17 , 2015 ) was a Japanese painter , illustrator and photographer perhaps best known for his paintings and drawings of women in bondage such as his illustrations for a Japanese edition of Lewis Caroll 's Alice in Wonderland .
Bruce Kimmel ( born December 8 , 1947 ) , also known as Guy Haines , is an actor , writer , director , composer , and Grammy - nominated CD producer .
Frank V. Dudley ( November 14 , 1868 -- March 5 , 1957 ) was an American landscape painter , known especially for his paintings of scenes in the Indiana Dunes .
Paul Dojack ( April 24 , 1914 -- November 7 , 2007 ) was a Canadian CFL referee .
Hubert van Ravesteyn was a Dutch painter of interiors and cattle , the son of Herman van Ravesteyn .
Fred J. James was an American architect born in Canada .
Hong Xuezhi ( Chinese : 洪学智 ; February 2 , 1913 - November 20 , 2006 ) was a general in the Chinese Red Army and a politician in the Peoples Republic of China .
Julian Ritter ( September 19 , 1909 -- March 4 , 2000 ) was an American painter of Polish - German descent who painted primarily nudes , clowns and portraits .
Jura Margulis ( born June 14 , 1968 , in Leningrad , now St. Petersburg ) is a Russian born , German raised , US based internationally acclaimed concert pianist , recording artist , and pedagogue .
The Foundry Painter ( German : Erzgießerei - Maler ) was an ancient Greek Attic red - figure vase painter of the Late Archaic period .
Ma Yiming ( 马一鸣 ) ( born December 19 , 1980 , Dalian , China ) is a Chinese professional light flyweight boxer and the former WBO China Zone flyweight and WBO Asia Pacific light flyweight champion .
Lauren Anne Young ( born November 8 , 1993 ) , simply known as Lauren Young , is a Filipino - American actress and model .
Madhu Kaithapram ( Malayalam : മധു കൈതപ്രം)(Tamil : மது கைதப்ரம் ) was an Indian film director who worked primarily in the Malayalam film industry based in Kerala .
Alison Gordon ( January 1 , 1943 -- February 12 , 2015 ) was a Canadian journalist and mystery novelist .
Aladár Árkay ( Temesvár , February 1 , 1868 - Budapest , February 2 , 1932 ) was a Hungarian architect , craftsman , and painter .
Frank Sanello ( born May 17 , 1952 ) is an author and journalist who writes about the entertainment industry , cultural anthropology , politics , social issues , and revisionist history .
Yeh Ting - jen ( Chinese : 葉丁仁 ; born July 1 , 1983 in Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
John Rollin Ridge ( Cherokee name : Cheesquatalawny , or Yellow Bird , March 19 , 1827 -- October 5 , 1867 ) , a member of the Cherokee Nation , is considered the first Native American novelist .
Bonanno Pisano ( Pisa ) , active in the 1170s and 1180s , was an Italian sculptor , mixing Byzantine and classical elements .
Gonzalo Celorio Blasco is a writer and an academic and former director of the Fondo de Cultura Económica .
Louis Jules Duboscq ( March 5 , 1817 -- September 24 , 1886 ) was a French instrument maker , inventor , and pioneering photographer .
Jitu Jirati ( born August 8 , 1976 ) is an Indian politician and belongs to Bhartiya Janta Party .
Lori Lansens is a Canadian novelist and screenwriter .
Melissa van der Schyff ( sometimes stylized Melissa Van Der Schyff ) is a Canadian award - winning actress , singer , comedienne and songwriter who is best known for her work on Broadway .
George David Weiss ( April 9 , 1921 -- August 23 , 2010 ) was an American songwriter and former President of the Songwriters Guild of America .
Filippo Zappata ( July 6 , 1894 -- August 30 , 1994 ) was an Italian engineer and aircraft designer .
Flemming Delfs ( born 1951 ) is a former Danish badminton player who won Danish national and international championships from the early 1970s to the early 1980s .
John Eustace Prescott ( 1830 - 1920 ) was an Anglican priest and author in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Goh Chok Tong ( born 20 May 1941 ; Chinese : 吴作栋 ; pinyin : Wú Zuò dòng , Wade -- Giles : Wu2-tso4-tung4 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Cristian Ritondo ( b , July 27 , 1966 ) is an Argentine politician , from Republican Proposal .
Geraldine McMahon ARCM is a British - born harpist and singer of Irish descent .
John Tillinger ( born June 28 , 1938 ) is a theatre director and actor .
Mamoun Hassan is a screenwriter , director , editor , producer and teacher of film who held prominent positions in British cinema during the 1970s and 1980s , frequently backing experimental work .
René Bégin ( July 2 , 1912 -- November 18 , 1980 ) was a Canadian politician and wholesaler .
Jørn Lande ( born May 31 , 1968 ) , is a Norwegian hard rock and heavy metal singer .
Rear Admiral Susan Blumenthal , M.D. ( born 1951 ) is an American physician , global health expert , psychiatrist and public health advocate .
Rajeevan is an art director in Indian films .
Andrew Osenga is an American singer / songwriter and progressive rock musician .
Ira Stadlen ( January 16 , 1924 -- April 18 , 2010 ) , known professionally as Allen Swift , was an American voice actor , known for playing characters including Simon Bar Sinister and Riff - Raff on the Underdog cartoon show .
Pat Byrnes is an American cartoonist best known for his work for The New Yorker .
Judith de los Santos , who uses the pseudonym Malukah , is a Mexican composer and singer known for her cover versions of music from video games which she publishes on YouTube .
Lou Tellegen ( November 26 , 1881 -- October 29 , 1934 ) was a Dutch - born silent film and stage actor , director and screenwriter .
Passang Lhamo is a Tibetan nun , activist , and singer .
Sulejman Naibi ( Ramazani ) was an Albanian early period poet of the bejtexhinj era .
Margaret W. Wong ( July 27 , 1950 in Hong Kong ) is a naturalized American immigration lawyer who created an immigration and nationality law practice in 1978 , of which she is senior and managing partner .
Ashley Tesoro ( born Ashley Lyn Cafagna ; February 15 , 1983 ) is an American actress , model , and singer .
John Marvel ( September 11 , 1926 -- March 16 , 2013 ) was an American rancher and politician .
Donatas Morkūnas ( born on April 17 , 1957 in Druskininkai , Lithuania ) is a politician , banker , a former lecturer at Šiauliai Pedagogical Institute , and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re - Establishment of the State of Lithuania .
Heather Slade - Lipkin is an English pianist , harpsichordist and teacher .
Neil Docking is a British writer , composer and producer who has worked in press , radio , film , theatre and television .
Jeanette Kuvin Oren is a Jewish American contemporary artist specializing in Judaic art , fiber art , mosaics , stained glass , calligraphy , papercutting and painting .
Giuliano da Rimini was an Italian painter , circa 1307 to 1324 .
Daniel Eriksson ( born October 20 , 1974 ) is a Swedish bandy player who currently plays for Dynamo Kazan as a defender .
Domingo Maria Sanni ( 18th century ) was an Italian painter and architect of the late Baroque period , active in Spain .
Xavier Leroy ( born March 15 , 1968 ) is a French computer scientist and programmer .
Ricardo Toledo is a Costa Rican politician and a member of the Christian democratic Social Christian Unity Party ( PUSC ) .
Vitali Tsypko ( born in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian professional boxer who fights in the super middleweight division .
Henry Rogers Seager ( July 21 , 1870 -- August 23 , 1930 , Kiev , Russia ) was an American economist , and Professor of Political Economy at Columbia University , who served as president of the American Association for Labor Legislation .
Benny Boom ( born on July 22 , 1971 ) is a music video and film director .
Philip Cosgrave ( died 22 October 1923 ) was an Irish Cumann na nGaedheal politician who served as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) in Dáil Éireann from 1921 to 1923 .
Charles Kimbrough ( born May 23 , 1936 ) is an American actor known for having played the straight - faced anchorman Jim Dial on Murphy Brown .
Erwin Aichele ( born 1887 - died 1974 ) was a German painter and animal artist from Baden - Württemberg in Southern Germany .
Chief Tahachee ( born Jeff Davis Tahchee Cypert , March 4 , 1904 -- June 9 , 1978 ) was an Old Settler Cherokee Indian who was an author , a stage actor , a film extra , and a vaudeville performer .
Tigerlily Hill is a Caymanian fashion designer best known in America as a celebrity wardrobe stylist and TV personality .
Giovanni Battista Treviso ( fl . 1650s ) was an Italian composer and maestro di capella in Pavia .
John S. Flizikowski ( also known as José ; born April 19 , 1868 in Preußisch Stargard , West Prussia , now Starogard Gdański , Poland ; died July 15 , 1934 , in Chicago , Illinois ) was a notable Chicago architect of residential , church and commercial buildings during the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Jaclyn Tsai or Tsai Yu - ling ( Chinese : 蔡玉玲 ; pinyin : Cài Yùlíng ) is a politician in the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) .
Paul Birchall ( born 8 October 1979 ) , better known by his ring name Paul Burchill , is a retired English professional wrestler .
Ebenezer N. Briggs ( November 1 , 1801 -- January 26 , 1873 ) was an American lawyer and politician in the U.S. state of Vermont .
Anatoly Zubkov ( Russian : Анатолий Анатольевич Зубков ; 1900 - -1967 ) was a Soviet physiologist , D.Sc ..
Milan Stanković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Станковић , born September 9 , 1987 in Obrenovac ) is a Serbian pop - folk singer .
Sepp Hochreiter ( born 1967 in Mühldorf ) is a German computer scientist working in the fields of machine learning and bioinformatics .
William Terrell Hodges ( born April 28 , 1934 ) is an American lawyer and federal judge .
Jacob Whitman Bailey ( 1811 - -1857 ) was an American naturalist , known as the pioneer in microscopic research in America ( microscopy ) .
Lewis Baltz ( September 12 , 1945 -- November 22 , 2014 ) was a visual artist and photographer who became an important figure in the New Topographics movement of the late 1970s .
P. S. Srijith is an Indian film actor who had appeared in Tamil films
Dr. Lewis Ayres , a lay Catholic theologian , is Professor of Catholic and Historical Theology at Durham University in the United Kingdom .
Joel Carmichael ( 1915 - -2006 ) was an American historian , magazine editor , and translator .
Ritch Brinkley ( March 18 , 1944 -- November 5 , 2015 ) was an American character actor best known for playing William in Beauty and the Beast who appeared in over 50 films and television programs from 1972 to 2002 in a film and television career that spanned three decades .
Philippe Descombes is a French racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series .
Gustav Mesmer ( 1903 - -1994 ) was a German inventor of experimental human - powered flying machines , often referred to in the press as `` the Icarus of Lautertal . ''
Don Dailey ( March 10 , 1956 -- November 22 , 2013 ) was an American longtime researcher in computer chess and a game programmer .
Pere Arnaut de Garro ( 13 - 1422 ) was a Basque nobleman , ambassador of Charles II of Navarre in England .
Hank Willis Thomas ( b. March 17 , 1976 in Plainfield , NJ ) is a contemporary African - American visual artist and photographer whose primary interests are race , advertising and popular culture .
Horst Faber was a German figure skater who competed in men 's singles .
Kishor Gurung ( Nepali : किशोर गुरुङ ) is a Nepalese guitarist and ethnomusicologist .
William L. Perkins ( died 1957 ) was an American architect of Chariton , Iowa .
Cristina Favre - Moretti , née Moretti ( born August 26 , 1963 ) , is a Swiss ski mountaineer , long - distance runner and mountain biker .
Since 1999 , Hooman Khalatbari has held different positions in Graz Opera and performed as conductor , soloist , chamber musician , accompanist and coordinator in several European countries , USA , Canada and Asia .
Scarlet Rivera , born Donna Shea , is an American violinist .
Aladi Aruna ( alias ) V Arunachalam was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly .
Martin Charles Golumbic ( born September 30 , 1948 ) is a mathematician and computer scientist , best known for his work in algorithmic graph theory and in artificial intelligence .
Jenn Grinels is an American actress , guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Dirk Polder ( August 23 , 1919 -- March 18 , 2001 ) was a Dutch physicist who , together with Hendrik Casimir , first predicted the existence of what today is known as the Casimir - Polder force , sometimes also referred to as the Casimir effect or Casimir force .
Ray Chadwick ( born November 17 , 1962 , in Durham , North Carolina ) is a retired professional baseball player who played one season for the California Angels of Major League Baseball .
Ioanna Kondouli is a Greek politician and topographer engineer who is leader of the Ecologist Greens party .
Aaron ben Perez of Avignon was a French rabbi and scholar ; born about the middle of the thirteenth century ; died in the first quarter of the fourteenth century .
Abraham ben Solomon of Torrutiel ( Utiel ) was a North African Jewish historian of the early 16th century .
Francesco Bracotti ( born January 16 , 1995 in Turin , Italy ) is a professional racing driver from Italy who competes in single seaters .
Howard Kyle ( April 22 , 1861 -- December 1 , 1950 ) , was an American stage and screen actor and lecturer active for over 50 years .
Archibald Hill Carmichael ( June 17 , 1864 -- July 15 , 1947 ) was an American Democratic politician who represented Alabama 's 8th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from November 1933 to January 1937 .
Vaughn Wilson ( born December 24 , 1976 ) is an American actor best known for playing the role of Fergie Thompson on the CW 's hit show One Tree Hill .
Belle Puri is an award winning Canadian journalist .
Simon Marius ( Latinized from German Simon Mayr ; January 20 , 1573 -- January 5 , 1625 ) was a German astronomer .
Brian Vander Ark is an American singer - songwriter best known as lead singer for the band The Verve Pipe .
Wallace Stevens ( October 2 , 1879 -- August 2 , 1955 ) was an American Modernist poet .
Dennis Boutsikaris ( born December 21 , 1952 ) is an American character actor who has won the Obie Award twice .
Veronica Roth ( born August 19 , 1988 ) is an American novelist and short story writer known for her debut New York Times bestselling Divergent trilogy , consisting of Divergent , Insurgent , and Allegiant ; and Four :
Egon Weidekamp ( March 14 , 1921 -- April 26 , 2000 ) was a Danish politician and CEO of an insurance company .
Karl Stoerk ( German : Störk , September 17 , 1832 -- September 13 , 1899 ) was an Austrian laryngologist who was a native of Ofen .
Candace Nelson ( born May 8 , 1974 ) is a pastry chef and judge on the television series Cupcake Wars .
Decimus Laelius Balbus , son of Decimus and grandson of Decimus , was a Roman politician during the reign of the Roman Emperor Augustus .
Grande Otelo ( October 18 , 1915 -- November 26 , 1993 ) was the stage name of Brazilian actor , comedian , singer , and composer Sebastião Bernardes de Souza Prata .
Venerated as a soldier - saint , Defendens was , according to Christian tradition , a member of the Theban Legion , and thus martyred at Agaunum .
Elyse Ribbons is an American entrepreneur , writer , businesswoman , and playwright who lives and works in Beijing .
Attila Márton ( born March 14 , 1963 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Hajdúszoboszló ( Hajdú - Bihar County Constituency VII ) from 2002 to 2014 .
Ma Xiaohui ( simplified Chinese : 马晓晖 ; traditional Chinese : 馬曉暉 ; pinyin : Mǎ Xiǎohuī ) is an erhu player and composer from Shanghai , China .
Mihály Szever Vanecsai , also known in Slovenian as Miháo Sever Vaneča or Miháo Sever z Vaneča ( ca . 1699 - -1750 ) was a Hungarian Slovenian Lutheran priest , born in the village of Vanecsa ( Vaslak or Vaneča ) in the Prekmurje region .
Ambassador C. Paul Robinson ( born 1941 ) is an American physicist .
Tseng Ming - chung or William Tseng ( simplified Chinese : 曾铭宗 ; traditional Chinese : 曾銘宗 ; pinyin : Zēng Míngzōng ) is a Taiwanese politician .
Hershel Reichman ( Hebrew : רב צבי יוסף רייכמן‎ ) ( born February 18 , 1944 ) is an Orthodox rabbi and rosh yeshiva of Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary , an affiliate of Yeshiva University .
Lindsay Pollock is a journalist and blogger specializing in the art market .
Darrel Johnson ( born February 21 , 1955 ) is a former college basketball coach .
Eylem Elif Maviş , née Koç , ( born November 9 , 1973 ) is the first Turkish woman mountaineer to climb Mount Everest , the highest mountain on Earth .
Benjamin Bejbaum is a French entrepreneur and computer programmer , who is particularly known for being co - founder of Dailymotion video - sharing site with Olivier Poitrey .
Ophelia DeVore ( August 12 , 1922 -- February 28 , 2014 ) was an American businesswoman , publisher , and model .
Sam Sullivan , CM ( born 1959 ) is a Canadian politician currently serving as the MLA for Vancouver - False Creek .
Wilfred Benítez ( born September 12 , 1958 ) is a Puerto Rican former professional boxer and the youngest world champion in the sport 's history .
James William Ercolani ( born June 8 , 1936 ) , known by his stage name James Darren , is an Italian - American television and film actor , television director , and singer .
Alessandra Sublet ( born Alexandra Sublet on October 5 , 1976 ) is a French radio and television presenter .
Jan Vayne ( pseudonym of Jan Veenje ) ( June 9 , 1966 in Zuidwolde , Drenthe ) is a Dutch pianist .
David Niven , Jr. ( born December 15 , 1942 ) , is a British film producer and film actor , with stints as an executive at Paramount Pictures and Columbia Pictures .
In 2006 , a biography of Mayoman Admiral William Brown written by well - known Argentine author Marcos Aguinis and translated by Bill Tyson was published to critical acclaim .
Pierre - Étienne Laporte ( born September 23 , 1934 ) was a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Outremont in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1996 to 2003 .
Miriam Hannah ( born May 4 , 1982 ) , better known as Audrey Hannah , is a German - Canadian presenter , singer - songwriter and ballet dancer .
Irek Zaripov ( Russian : Ирек Айратович Зарипов , Bashkir : Ирек Айрат улы Зәрипов ) is a Russian biathlete and cross - country skier .
Terry R. Spence ( born November 30 , 1941 ) is a United States statesman and politician from New Castle , in New Castle County , Delaware .
Armand Bénédic ( 1875 - -1962 ) was a French curler .
K. Kallan iss an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu .
Miriam Dudley is a librarian and currently Programme Director of SLS Legal Publications at Queen 's University Belfast , Northern Ireland .
Andre Blay is a businessman , film producer , and studio executive .
Dilara Begum Jolly is a Bangladeshi print artist , sculptor , installation artist , and painter .
Dom Heliodoro de Paiva ( fl . Coimbra , 1552 ) was a Portuguese composer , philosopher , and theologian .
Mickey Bass ( born May 2 , 1943 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American bassist , composer , arranger , and music educator .
Gulzar Singh Cheema ( born August 11 , 1954 ) is an Indian - born Canadian physician and politician .
Simeon Gannett Reed ( April 23 , 1830 -- November 7 , 1895 ) was an American businessman and entrepreneur in Oregon .
António A. de Freitas ( born December 22 , 1947 ) , is an immunologist .
Cornelis Beelt ( born 1602/1612 -- died 1664/1702 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter .
Cilia Flores ( born in Tinaquillo , Cojedes , on 15 October 1953 ) is a Venezuelan lawyer and politician .
Emmerich Joseph von Breidbach zu Bürresheim was ordained as a priest in Mainz on October 5 , 1758 , becoming the dean of Mainz Cathedral .
Barry Levinson ( born April 6 , 1942 ) is an American screenwriter , Academy Award - winning film director , actor , and producer of film and television .
Matteo Santoponte ( born August 26 , 1977 in Rome ) is an Italian racing driver from Rome who has raced under the pseudonym `` Babalus '' .
Blaine Harrison ( born Stephen Blaine Harrison on May 23 , 1985 ) is an English musician and songwriter best known as the lead vocalist of the indie rock band Mystery Jets .
Hugh Bradner ( November 5 , 1915 -- May 5 , 2008 ) was an American physicist at the University of California who is credited with inventing the neoprene wetsuit , which helped to revolutionize scuba diving .
James Leo Herlihy ( /ˈhɜːrləhi/ ; February 27 , 1927 -- October 21 , 1993 ) was an American novelist , playwright and actor .
Marq de Villiers , CM is an award - winning Canadian writer and journalist .
Rich Dickerson is a talk radio host for WZZR 94.3 FM in South Florida and presenter of the show The Love Doctors .
Herman Fishman ( March 7 , 1917 -- December 14 , 1967 ) was an American basketball and baseball player and the founder of the sports camp , Camp Michigama .
Dr. Isabella Karle ( born Isabella Helen Lugoski on December 2 , 1921 ) is an American scientist who was instrumental in developing techniques to extract plutonium chloride from a mixture containing plutonium oxide .
Richard Steven Horvitz , also known as Richard Wood ( born July 29 , 1966 ) , is an American actor and voice actor .
Baron Edward Rastawiecki ( October 20 , 1804 in Nowosiółki near Hrubieszów - February 23 , 1879 in Warszawa ) was a Polish art historian .
María Rostworowski Tovar de Diez Canseco ( born August 8 , 1915 ) is a Peruvian historian known for her extensive and detailed publications about Peruvian Ancient Cultures and the Inca Empire .
Mark Kilstofte ( born 1958 ) is an American composer , and professor at Furman University , Greenville , South Carolina , reared in Pueblo , Colorado .
Khalid Al - Kulaibi ( Arabic : خالد القليبي‎ ; born May 2 , 1986 ) is an Omani swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle and open water marathon .
Evan Roth ( born 1978 ) is a US artist who applies a hacker philosophy to an art practice that visualizes transient moments in public space , online and in popular culture .
D. S. A. Sivaprakasam was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly and Member of Parliament .
Suzanne Roberts ( born October 2 , 1970 ) is an award - winning , American poet , travel writer , and photographer .
D'Urville Martin ( February 11 , 1939 -- May 28 , 1984 ) was an American actor and director in both film and television .
Csaba Markus ( born January 26 , 1953 ) is a Hungarian born American artist , painter , sculptor and publisher .
Adeyto ( also known as Adeyto Rex Angeli and Laura Windrath ) ( born 3 December 1976 ) is an artist , singer - songwriter , actress , director , photographer , university professor , and fashion designer based in Japan .
Nayla Tueni Maktabi ( Arabic : نايلة تويني مكتبي‎ ) ( born 31 August 1982 ) is a Lebanese journalist and politician .
Adam Rapp ( born June 15 , 1968 ) is an American novelist , playwright , screenwriter , musician and film director .
Wim den Herder ( born December 20 , 1983 ) is a Dutch jazz guitarist and entrepreneur .
Bob Stutt is a Canadian puppeteer / writer , who has starred in various children 's television programs throughout his career .
María Belén Pérez Maurice ( born July 12 , 1985 ) is an Argentinian sabre fencer , Pan American champion in 2014 .
Gregory Rogove is an American indie music drummer and songwriter .
Petra Seeger is a German documentary film director and producer .
Mendi Mengjiqi ( Serbian : Менди Менђићи , Mendi Menđići ) ( born 1958 ) is a Kosovar Albanian composer , author of the National anthem of Kosovo , Europe .
Francis Clark Howell ( November 27 , 1925 -- March 10 , 2007 ) , generally known as F. Clark Howell , was an American anthropologist .
Lake Underwood ( July 4 , 1926 -- September 12 , 2008 ) was an American entrepreneur who competed as a champion in the racing of prototype automobiles and motorcycles .
Brian Crecente ( born July 28 , 1970 ) is an American journalist and columnist .
Christian Friedrich Schuricht ( March 5 , 1753 - August 2 , 1832 ) was a German architect and painter who designed , among others , the New Palace and the Chinese garden at Pillnitz Castle .
Barbara Lorenz is a make - up artist who has done over 110 films and TV shows .
Bev Sanders is a snowboarder , surfer , and founder of Manifesta Safaris , a women 's travel and adventure company based in Carmel - by - the - Sea , CA .
Colonel Prentiss Ingraham ( December 28 , 1843 -- August 16 , 1904 ) was a Colonel in the Confederate Army , a professional military officer throughout the 1860s and a fiction writer .
Robert Borg ( 1913 -- 2005 ) was an American military officer and equestrian .
Alfred L. Werker ( December 2 , 1896 -- July 28 , 1975 ) was a film director whose work in movies spanned from 1917 through 1957 .
Mike Nemes ( born February 20 , 1954 ) is an American politician who served as the representative from the 38th district in the Kentucky House of Representatives from January 2011 to January 2013 .
Vanessa Veselka ( born March 14 , 1969 ) is an American writer best known for her 2012 PEN / Robert W. Bingham prize prize - winning debut novel Zazen .
Denise Siegel is an American visual artist / photographer / musician / writer who founded the indie band Eenie Meenie .
Yehuda Patt is a liver cancer specialist , gastrointestinal oncologist , and Professor of Medicine at the University of New Mexico , and resides in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Paul Nation is a leading language teaching methodology and vocabulary acquisition linguist researcher , mainly for English as a Foreign Language .
Tor Egil Førland ( b. May 5 , 1959 ) is professor of history at the University of Oslo .
Kenneth Josephson ( b. July 1 , 1932 ) is an American photographer .
Joey Reiman is an Atlanta - based author , award - winning advertiser and businessman .
Matt Hoverman ( born May 12 , 1968 ) is an American actor , playwright , and voice actor based in New York City .
Dominic Pangborn is a Korean - American artist and graphic designer .
Juliet Gellatley is a British writer and animal rights activist .
Eric Joseph Poole ( December 19 , 1907 -- January 1 , 1969 ) was a building contractor and a Canadian federal politician .
George Augustus Nokes ( 1867 - -1948 ) , often known by his pen - name G.A. Sekon , was the founding editor of The Railway Magazine .
Javier Senosiain is a Mexican architect celebrated as a key exponent and explorer of so - called organic architecture .
Michelle Garnaut is an Australian restaurateur and cook best known for her series of upscale restaurants in China such as M at the Fringe , M on the Bund , Capital M , and the Glamour Bar .
Franck Marchis ( born April 6 , 1973 in Caen , France ) , astronomer and planetary scientist , is best known for his discovery and characterization of multiple asteroids , his study of Io volcanism and imaging of exoplanets , planets around other stars .
Frederick Lippitt ( December 29 , 1916 -- May 11 , 2005 ) was an American military officer , attorney , politician , public servant and philanthropist .
Noah Weston , better known as Soul Khan ( born April 18 , 1985 ) is an American songwriter , rapper , and retired battle rapper .
Martin Gabel ( June 19 , 1912 -- May 22 , 1986 ) was an American actor , film director and film producer .
Galen Kelly ( sometimes misspelled Galen Kelley in newspaper articles ) is a private investigator and Cult Awareness Network - associated deprogrammer .
Husbands , Wives & Lovers is a CBS television sitcom that aired for only one season in 1978 .
Curb Appeal is a half - hour TV series that has aired on HGTV in the United States from 2002 to the present , exploring how a house 's outside `` curb appeal '' will be updated .
Hum Aapke Ghar Mein Rehte Hain ( Hindi : हम आपके घर में रहते हैं English : We live in your house ) is an Indian comedy television series , which premiered on 10 August 2015 and broadcast on SAB TV .
Gamble on Love is an American game show which ran on the now - defunct DuMont Television Network from July 16 to August 20 , 1954 .
In 2002 , Comic Relief and BBC Sport teamed up to create Sport Relief , a new initiative , aiming to unite the sporting community and culminate in a night of sport , entertainment and fund - raising on BBC One .
Retired at 35 is an American sitcom on TV Land starring George Segal , Jessica Walter , Johnathan McClain , Josh McDermitt , Marissa Jaret Winokur , and Ryan Michelle Bathe .
Séptimo día ( Spanish : `` Seventh day '' ) is a Colombian television newsmagazine broadcast by Caracol TV on Sunday evenings .
Stryx was an Italian TV series , aired in 1978 on Rai 2 .
Doomsday Preppers was an American reality television series that aired on the National Geographic Channel .
Big Daddy 's House is a cooking show on the specialty channel Food Network .
Megasphaeroceras is an ammonite genus included in Sphaeroceratidae , a family of ammonoid cephalopods characterized by their sphaeroidal shells with markedly eccentric coiling , fine ribbing , and complex sutures , known from the lower middle Jurassic .
The Acholeplasmatales are an order in the class Mollicutes , containing only one family , Acholeplasmataceae , comprising the genera Acholeplasma and Phytoplasma .
originally assigned Tanycolagreus to the Coeluridae .
Apterodromites saizi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Apterodromites .
The Elymniini ( true browns ) are one of the large tribes of the browns subfamily ( Satyrinae ) in the brush - footed butterfly family ( Nymphalidae ) .
Urosaurus is a genus of lizards , commonly known as tree lizards or brush lizards , belonging to the New World iguanian family Phrynosomatidae .
He placed Angustinaripterus into the Rhamphorhynchidae .
Ciona is a genus of sea squirts in the family Cionidae .
Electromyrmococcus is an extinct genus of mealybug in the Pseudococcidae subfamily Rhizoecinae .
Leobordea is a genus of legumes in the family Fabaceae and the tribe Crotalarieae .
Khumujam Tombi Devi is an Indian judoka , who represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Henri Pélissier ( pronounced : ( ɑ̃.ʁi pe.li.sje ) ; 22 January 1889 -- 1 May 1935 ) was a French racing cyclist from Paris and champion of the 1923 Tour de France .
Gezahegne Abera ( Amharic : ገዛሄኘ አበራ ; born April 23 , 1978 ) is an Ethiopian athlete , winner of the marathon race at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Miki Sasaki ( 佐々木 みき,Sasaki Miki , born December 15 , 1976 ) is a former volleyball player from Japan , who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , wearing the # 4 jersey .
Róbert Antal ( German : Robert Adler , July 21 , 1921 -- February 1 , 1995 ) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Dmitry Gorshkov ( born April 29 , 1967 in Moscow ) is a Russian water polo player who played on the silver medal squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the bronze medal squads at the 1992 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics .
Klaus - Dieter Seehaus ( 6 October 1942 in Hagen -- 10 February 1996 in Rostock ) was a German football player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Hans Nogler ( 28 February 1919 , in Vienna , Austria -- 30 May 2011 , in Sëlva , Italy ) was an Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
Kim Clarke ( born 31 January 1965 ) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics , in the 1992 Summer Olympics , and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Diana Braynova - Dilova ( Bulgarian : Диана Брайнова-Дилова ) ( born 1 January 1952 ) is a Bulgarian former basketball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Paolo Cozzi ( born May 26 , 1980 in Milan ) is a volleyball player from Italy , who won the silver medal with the Italian men 's national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Emmanuel Kakoko Etepé ( Born 22 November 1950 ) is a former Congolese football forward player who represented Zaire in 1974 FIFA World Cup .
Sven Unger was a Swedish football forward who played for Sweden in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
La Década Prodigiosa ( English : The Prodigious Decade ) , also known as La Década , is a Spanish music group formed in the mid - eighties that participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988 .
Kristina Richter ( née Hochmuth , born October 24 , 1946 ) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Kerry Wyborn ( born 22 December 1977 in Auburn , New South Wales ) is a softball player from Australia , who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Snežana Hrepevnik ( 13 November 1948 -- 13 May 1981 ) was a Serbian high jumper who competed in the 1968 , 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics .
Peter Schlagenhauf ( born March 19 , 1960 ) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey right winger who last played for GCK Lions in the National League B. He also represented the Swiss national team at several international tournaments , including the 1988 Winter Olympics .
Fawzi Benkhalidi ( born 3 February 1963 ) is an Algerian football forward who played for Algeria in the 1986 FIFA World Cup .
Sivert Mattsson ( September 9 , 1907 , Edefors , Norrbotten -- March 20 , 1999 ) was a Swedish cross country skier who competed in the 1932 Winter Olympics .
Mladen Kuchev ( Bulgarian : Младен Кучев ) ( born 29 January 1947 ) is a Bulgarian former weightlifter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Géza Kiss ( 22 October 1882 -- 23 August 1952 ) was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics and 1906 Summer Olympics .
Stelios Dimotsios ( born 13 November 1974 ) is a Greek former sprinter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the 2004 Summer Olympics , and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
SS - Scharführer Erich Fuchs ( 9 April 1902 -- 25 July 1980 ) was an SS Sergeant who worked for the Action T4 euthanasia program , and for the Operation Reinhard phase of the Holocaust .
Joseph Guimarães is a Brazilian Paralympic footballer that won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens , Greece .
Ulf Kvendbo ( born 11 April 1948 in Stockholm , Sweden ) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics and in the 1972 Winter Olympics .
Jean - Pierre Amat ( born 13 June 1962 in Chambéry , Savoie ) is a French sports shooter who competed and won a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics , the small bore rifle , three positions .
Trevor Barron ( born September 30 , 1992 ) is an American race walker who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , finishing 26th in the 20 km race walk , the best American finish in history for the event .
Diego Negri ( born 16 April 1971 ) is an Italian former yacht racer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the 2004 Summer Olympics , and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Maimuna Amadu Murasjko ( Russian & Belarusian : Маймуна Амаду Мурашко ; born 28 May 1980 in Saint Petersburg ) , known professionally as simply Maimuna , is a Belarusian violinist who represented Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 along with Uzari with the song `` Time '' .
Epikouri was a Greek band formed in 1980 as backing vocalists for Anna Vissi when they represented their country in Eurovision Song Contest 1980 with the song `` Autostop . ''
Paolo Salvi ( 22 November 1891 -- 12 January 1945 ) was an Italian gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Ruslan Ashuraliyev ( 20 February 1950 in Ardon , North Ossetian ASSR -- 27 November 2009 ) was a Soviet wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Olena Ronzhyna - Morozova ( Ukrainian : Ронжина-Морозова Олена Іванівна ; born November 18 , 1970 in Dnipropetrovsk ) is a retired rower from Ukraine , who won a silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Simona Arghir Sandu ( 4 September 1948 -- 2 September 1995 ) was a Romanian handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Clay Mull ( born 1979 - 09 - 29 ) is an American Olympic speed skater who competed in the team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Veikko Huuskonen ( February 8 , 1910 , Helsinki -- June 3 , 1973 , age 63 ) was a Finnish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Stanko Lorger ( 14 February 1931 -- 25 April 2014 ) was a Slovene hurdler who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics , in the 1956 Summer Olympics , and in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Silvía Night was Iceland 's participant in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 .
Sheila Sherwood ( born Sheila Hilary Parkin , 22 October 1945 in Parson Cross , Sheffield , West Riding of Yorkshire , England ) is a former international long jumper whose career highlights included a silver medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico , and a gold medal at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh .
Miwako Motoyoshi ( born 21 December 1960 ) is a Japanese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Giorgio Bambini ( 24 February 1945 -- 13 November 2015 ) was an Italian heavyweight boxer who won a bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Xavier Escudé Torrente ( born May 17 , 1966 in Terrassa , Catalonia ) is a former field hockey player from Spain , who won the silver medal with the Men 's National Team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Aldair was part of the Brazilian squad that took part at the 1990 FIFA World Cup .
Felix Cappella ( January 24 , 1930 in Fara Sabina -- February 26 , 2011 in Newmarket , Ontario ) was a race walker from Canada , who represented Canada at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City .
Zsuzsanna Szabó - Olgyai ( born May 6 , 1973 in Oroszlány ) is a retired pole vaulter from Hungary , who represented her native country in the women 's pole vault event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Roland Wieser ( born 6 May 1956 , in Zschopau ) is an East German racewalker who won the bronze medal in the 20 kilometer walk during the 1980 Summer Olympics with a time of 1:25:59 hours .
Byron LaBeach ( born 11 October 1930 ) is a retired Jamaican sprinter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Teymour Ghiasi set a new Asian record during the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran which earned him a Gold medal .
Hrvoje Barić ( born 21 July 1965 ) is a Croatian former swimmer who competed in the 100 m butterfly event of the 1984 Summer Olympics , where he was eliminated in the heats .
Jean - Damien Climonet ( born 27 March 1969 ) is retired French freestyle skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano .
Vendramino Bariviera ( 25 October 1937 -- 23 November 2001 ) was an Italian racing cyclist who competed in the individual road race at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Per Arne Åhman ( born 4 February 1925 ) is a retired Swedish athlete who won the triple jump event at the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Cinzia Cavazzuti ( born 12 September 1973 ) is an Italian former judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Claude Tollet ( Roisel , 24 April 1949 ) was a French professional road bicycle racer , who won stage 17 in the 1973 Tour de France .
Alfredo Yantorno ( June 08 , 1924 - July 28 , 1963 ) was an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics and the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Mario Brodmann ( born April 24 , 1966 ) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey forward who last played for EHC Chur in Switzerland 's National League B. Brodmann has participated as a member of the Swiss national team in numerous international tournaments , including the 1992 Winter Olympics .
Peter Jurko ( born 22 September 1967 in Nová Lesná ) is a Slovak former alpine skier who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics .
Camillo Ugi ( 21 December 1884 in Leipzig -- 18 May 1970 in Markkleeberg , south of Leipzig ) was a German football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Facinet Keita ( born 23 March 1984 in Conakry , Guinea ) is a Guinean judoka who competed in the Men 's 100 + kg category at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London .
Alireza Rezaei ( Persian : علیرضا رضایی‎ , born July 11 , 1976 in Tehran ) is a former Iranian wrestler who competed in the Men 's Freestyle 120 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal .
Flat Iron was a First Nations lacrosse player who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics for Canada .
Pontus Hanson ( 24 May 1894 -- 4 December 1962 ) was a Swedish water polo player and swimmer , who won a bronze medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics in the 200 m breaststroke .
Eugen Freiherr von Lotzbeck ( February 24 , 1882 in Munich -- May 22 , 1942 in Assenhausen , Starnberg ) was a German horse rider who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Jedrij Notz ( born September 6 , 1974 ) is a Swiss - born alpine skier who competed for Azerbaijan at the 2010 Winter Olympics .
Maybelle Reichardt ( later Hopkins , May 27 , 1907 -- November 4 , 1999 ) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Elizabeth Valerie Davies ( 29 June 1912 -- August 2001 ) , later known by her married name Valerie Latham , was a Welsh competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain at the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Annabelle Orme ( born 9 March 1987 ) is an American synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Arnoldo Pekelharing ( born 1 July 1936 ) is an Argentine former sailor who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Lhendup Tshering ( born 5 June 1947 ) , is a archer who internationally represented Bhutan Tshering competed for Bhutan at the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles in the individual event where he finished 60th .
Frederick Beck ( born 5 March 1873 , date of death unknown ) was a British wrestler who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Jerzy Nowicki ( born 2 January 1933 ) is a Polish former sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics , in the 1964 Summer Olympics , and in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Pierpont Davis ( December 27 , 1884 -- July 15 , 1953 ) was an American sailor who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Ingrid Larsen ( later Sabroe , 12 July 1912 -- 18 February 1997 ) was a Danish diver , born in Rudkøbing , who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Michelle Courtens ( born 3 August 1981 ) , performing as Michelle , is a Dutch singer , who is known from her performance in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001 .
Thadathuvila Chandapillai Yohannan ( born 19 May 1947 ) , better known as T. C. Yohannan , is a former Indian long jumper who held the national record in long jump for nearly 3 decades and represented India in the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
Katarína Poláková ( born 30 December 1979 in Handlová ) is a Slovak former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
In 1995 , Pekka Kuusisto became the first Finn to win the International Jean Sibelius Violin Competition and was also awarded a special prize for the best performance of Jean Sibelius ' violin concerto .
Anniara Muñoz Carrazana ( born January 24 , 1980 ) is a Cuban volleyball player who competed with the Cuba women 's national volleyball team at the 2004 Summer Olympics winning the bronze medal .
Juri Yokoyama ( 横山 樹理 Yokoyama Juri , born March 9 , 1955 in Kitakyushu ) is a former volleyball player from Japan , who was a member of the Japan Women 's National Team that won the gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Frank Cumiskey ( 6 September 1912 -- 22 July 2004 ) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics , in the 1936 Summer Olympics , and in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Aníbal Santiago Acevedo ( born April 28 , 1971 in San Juan , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican boxer , who won a bronze medal in the welterweight division at the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Paul Schweifer ( March 30 , 1914 -- November 21 , 1941 ) is an Austrian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Michelle Ruthven ( née McKendry , born 18 June 1967 ) is a Canadian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics , 1992 Winter Olympics , and 1994 Winter Olympics .
Marius Jaccard ( March 27 , 1898 -- January 19 , 1978 ) was a Swiss ice hockey player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Winter Olympics .
Bahar Doğan represented Turkey at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing in the marathon event finishing 50th .
Walter Bietila ( 12 February 1916 -- 21 March 1996 ) was an American ski jumper who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
Kálmán Markovits ( August 26 , 1931 -- December 5 , 2009 ) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics , 1956 Summer Olympics , and 1960 Summer Olympics .
Neil Covone ( born August 31 , 1969 in Hialeah , Florida is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder . He played five games for the United States men 's national soccer team and was a member of the U.S. team at the 1990 FIFA World Cup .
Tomaž Cerkovnik ( 29 June 1960 -- 26 July 2004 ) was a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
Latino Galasso ( 25 August 1898 -- 29 July 1949 ) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Li Xiaoyong ( born 28 November 1969 ) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Xie Yuxin was called up for the national team to play Football at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Dorotea Turnbull is an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Jonathan Garcia ( born December 14 , 1986 ) is an American speed skater who is scheduled to compete in the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Francisco Risiglione ( born January 18 , 1917 ) was an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Bernard Aryee ( born 23 April 1973 ) is a football player from Ghana , who was a member of the Men 's National Team that won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Markus Larsson ( born 9 January 1979 ) is a Swedish alpine skier who took part in the 2002 , 2006 , 2010 and 2014 Winter Olympics .
Flemming Gert Nielsen , known simply as Flemming Nielsen , ( born 24 February 1934 ) is a Danish former football player in the midfielder position , who won a silver medal with the Denmark national football team at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Ferenc Klics ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈfɛrɛnts ˈklitʃ ) ; 20 January 1924 -- 25 April 1993 ) was a Hungarian athlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics , 1952 Summer Olympics , 1956 Summer Olympics , and in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Aldo Dezi ( born 26 June 1939 ) is a retired Italian sprint canoer who won a C-2 1000 m silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics , together with Francesco La Macchia .
Boujemaa Benkhrif ( Arabic : بوجمعة بنخريف‎ ; born 1947 ) is a Moroccan football defender who played for the Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup .
Naoko Imoto ( 井本直歩子 Imoto Naoko , born May 20 , 1976 ) is a former freestyle swimmer from Japan , who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Vang Sue was born on 30 January 1945 , in Xieng Khouang , Laos to KiaPao Vang ( father ) and Ying Xiong ( mother ) .
The James Bridges Theater at University of California , Los Angeles was named in his honor in November 1999 .
Tamás Lossonczy ( 12 August 1904 -- 3 November 2009 ) was a Hungarian abstract painter born in Budapest .
Dorothy LaBostrie Black died while visiting friends in Atlanta , Georgia on 4 November 2007 , aged 79 .
Pauline Auzou ( March 24 , 1775 -- May 15 , 1835 ) was a French painter and art instructor , who exhibited at the Paris Salon and was commissioned to make paintings of Napoleon and his wife Marie Louise , Duchess of Parma .
Count Mihály Viczay de Loós et Hédervár ( July 25 , 1757 -- March 18 , 1831 ) was a Hungarian numismatist , amateur archaeologist , collector .
Jin Yan ( April 7 , 1910 -- December 27 , 1983 ) was a Korean - born actor who gained fame in China during the country 's golden age of cinema , based in Shanghai .
With the establishment of the People 's Republic of China , both Li Fuchun and Cai Chang were transferred to Beijing .
Friedrich Heinrich Adolf Bernhard Marx ( 15 March 1795 , Halle -- 17 May 1866 , Berlin ) was a German composer , musical theorist and critic .
Adolf Theuer ( sometimes given as Teuer ) ( 20 September 1920 in Henneborg - Bolatitz , today borough of Borová , Bolatice , Opava District -- 23 April 1947 in Opava ) was an SS - Unterscharführer at Auschwitz concentration camp .
Joseph Edgard Montegut was the 15th mayor of New Orleans , Louisiana , serving from May 13 , 1844 , to April 5 , 1846 .
Maol Choluim de Innerpeffray was a 14th - century bishop - elect of Dunkeld .
William Shiels ( 3 December 1848 -- 17 December 1904 ) was an Australian colonial - era politician , serving as the 16th Premier of Victoria .
Timothée Malendoma ( 1935 -- 12 December 2010 ) was a Central African politician who served as the Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 4 December 1992 to 26 February 1993 .
Rafael Pinhasi ( Hebrew : רפאל פנחסי‎ , born 1940 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of Communications between 1990 and 1992 .
Fong Chi Chung ( born 1968 ) is the founder , owner and current chief executive officer of Putien Holdings Singapore , the parent company behind the successful and popular Putien restaurant branches , which serves authentic Heng Hwa cuisine .
Quintus Minucius Thermus ( died 188 BC ) was a consul of the Roman Republic in 193 BC . In 202 , Minucius Thermus may have been the military tribune named Thermus who served in Africa under Scipio Africanus .
Lawrence A. Sheridan , known as Buster Sheridan ( December 15 , 1919 -- April 9 , 2001 ) , was from 1960 - 1988 a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from the village of Angie in Washington Parish , the most easterly of the Florida Parishes of southeastern Louisiana .
In 1980 , Zail Singh was elected to the 7th Lok Sabha , and appointed to join Indira Gandhi 's cabinet as Minister of Home Affairs .
Juan de Zúñiga Flores ( d. 20 December 1602 ) was Bishop of Cartagena from 24 January 1600 until his death , and Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 29 July 1602 until his death .
Caddy McKeown is a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives , representing the 9th District .
Edward B. McKenna was a Democratic member of the Michigan Senate ( 1933 - -1934 ) .
Jan Graubner ( Born August 29 , 1948 ) is the Roman Catholic archbishop of Olomouc , Czech Republic .
William Paca ( October 31 , 1740 -- October 23 , 1799 ) was a signatory to the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Maryland , and later Governor of Maryland and a United States federal judge .
Françoise Laborde ( born 8 July 1958 ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the Haute Garonne département .
Théodore - Augustin Forcade ( 1816 - 1885 ) was a French Roman Catholic archbishop .
Pierre - Eugène Rouanet , S.M.A. ( 16 November 1917 -- 4 February 2012 ) was a French bishop of the Roman Catholic Church .
Joseph Abel Francis , S.V.D. ( September 30 , 1923 -- September 1 , 1997 ) was a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States .
Joel Parker ( November 24 , 1816 -- January 2 , 1888 ) was an American Democratic Party politician , who served as the 20th Governor of New Jersey from 1863 to 1866 , and again from 1872 to 1875 .
Sheila Dikshit ( née Kapoor ; occasionally anglicised Dixit ; born 31 March 1938 ) is an Indian politician who was the Chief Minister of Delhi from 1998 to 2013 .
Stefan Oster ( born 3 June 1965 ) is a German bishop of the Roman Catholic Church who serves as the 85th Bishop of Passau .
Edward O'Rourke , full name Eduard Alexander Ladislaus Graf ( Count ) O'Rourke ( Polish : Edward Aleksander Władysław O'Rourke ; October 26 , 1876 in Minsk -- June 27 , 1943 ) was a Roman Catholic priest , bishop of Riga and the first head of the bishopric of the Free City of Danzig ( Gdańsk ) .
Robert Arrigo ( born December 4 , 1954 , in Sliema ) is a Maltese politician currently a Member of the House of Representatives of Malta for the Government .
Robin Belcher is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 10th District from May 2009 to December 2010 .
Tshering Tobgay ( born 19 September 1965 ) is a Bhutanese politician who has been the Prime Minister of Bhutan since 2013 .
John Louis of Elderen ( Fr . : Jean Louis d’Elderen ) ( 29 September 1620 -- 1 February 1694 ) was bishop of Liège during the opening years of the War of the Grand Alliance .
William Sprague IV ( September 12 , 1830 -- September 11 , 1915 ) was the 27th Governor of Rhode Island from 1860 to 1863 , and U.S. Senator from 1863 to 1875 .
James McNeill ( 27 March 1869 -- 12 December 1938 ) was an Irish politician and diplomat , who served as first High Commissioner to London and second Governor - General of the Irish Free State .
Alonso III Fonseca ( Santiago de Compostela , 1475 - -1534 ) was a Galician archbishop and politician .
Lambert of St - Bertin was a French Benedictine chronicler and abbot .
Paolo Magnani ( born December 31 , 1926 in Pieve Porto Morone ) is the emeritus bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Treviso .
Therese Murray ( born October 10 , 1947 in Boston ) is an American politician who served as President of the Massachusetts Senate from 2007 to 2015 .
Giovanni Francesco Barbarigo ( 1658 at Venice -- 1730 ) was an Italian cardinal and nephew of Saint Gregorio Barbarigo ( 1625 - -97 ) .
David Ben - Gurion ( Hebrew : דָּוִד בֶּן - גּוּרִיּוֹן‎ ; pronounced ( daˈvɪd ben gurˈjo : n ) , born David Grün ; 16 October 1886 , Płońsk , Poland -- 1 December 1973 , Tel Aviv , Israel ) was the primary founder of the State of Israel and the first Prime Minister of Israel .
Alois Josef , Freiherr von Schrenk und Nötzig ( in Czech , Aloys Josef svobodný pán Schrenk z Notzing ) ( 24 March 1802 -- 5 March 1849 ) was the Roman Catholic archbishop of Prague from 1838 to 1849 .
David J. Steil was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 31st District and was elected in 1992 .
Sir Neil Elliott Lewis , KCMG ( 27 October 1858 -- 22 September 1935 ) , Australian politician , was Premier of Tasmania on three occasions .
From 1960 till his retirement in 1969 Luitpold Steidle was mayor of Weimar , where afterwards he continued to live .
Harmon Caldwell Drew ( February 16 , 1889 -- September 1 , 1950 ) was a lawyer from Minden , Louisiana , who served prior to 1945 as the district attorney of Bossier and Webster parishes and then as a judge of both the district and the state appeal courts .
Barbara Sykes is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 44th District from to 2006 .
Frederick Coutts , CBE ( 21 September 1899 -- 6 February 1986 ) was the 8th General of The Salvation Army ( 1963 - 1969 ) .
Louis the Blind ( c. 880 -- 28 June 928 ) was the king of Provence from 11 January 887 , King of Italy from 12 October 900 , and briefly Holy Roman Emperor , as Louis III , between 901 and 905 .
Catherine Tasca ( born 13 December 1941 in Lyon ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the Yvelines department .
Ashta Bhuja Prasad Shukla was a B.J.P. member of the Lok Sabha from Khalilabad Uttar Pradesh , India .
Jim Gotto ( b. September 25 , 1949 in Nashville ) was a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 60th District ; previously he served on the Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County , representing the 12th district .
Csilla Hegedüs ( born September 9 , 1967 ) is a Romanian politician and member of the Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania who served as Minister of Culture and Deputy Prime Minister in the Victor Ponta cabinet from November to December 2014 .
Louis Grech ( born 22 March 1947 ) is a Maltese politician who has been Deputy Prime Minister of Malta , as well as Minister of European Affairs , since 2013 .
Eurico Gaspar Dutra ( Portuguese : ( ewˈɾiku ɡasˈpaɾ ˈdutrɐ ) ; May 18 , 1883 -- June 11 , 1974 ) , was a Brazilian marshal , politician and President of Brazil from 1946 to 1951 .
Mieko Kobayashi ( 小林 美恵子 Kobayashi Mieko ) is a Japanese politician and member of the House of Councillors for the Japanese Communist Party .
Sir John Morison Gibson , KCMG , KC ( January 1 , 1842 -- June 3 , 1929 ) was a Canadian politician and the tenth Lieutenant Governor of Ontario .
Andrés Narvarte Pimentel ( 1781 -- 1853 ) was President of Venezuela as interim caretaker ( 1836 - 1837 ) .
Camilo Osías ( March 23 , 1889 Balaoan , La Union - May 20 , 1976 Manila ) was a Filipino politician , twice for a short time President of the Senate of the Philippines .
Rutilio del Riego Jáñez ( born September 21 , 1940 ) is a Spanish - born American Roman Catholic bishop .
Dina Neal ( born in 1972 in Las Vegas , Nevada ) , is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly , serving since February 7 , 2011 .
Korrek is a young warrior king of the extra - dimensional barbarian land of Katharta , and became the companion of the sorcerers Dakimh and Jennifer Kale .
Erich Vagts ( February 9 , 1896 in Cuxhaven - February 20 , 1980 in Bremen ) was a German politician , senator and former mayor of the City of Bremen .
Lynn Slaby is a Republican politician who served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 2011 to 2012 .
Clarence James Duhart ( March 23 , 1912 -- September 21 , 1998 ) was a 20th - century American born bishop in the Catholic Church .
Saint Ceneu ( Old Welsh : Keneu ) was an early bishop of Menevia ( St Davids ) in Wales .
Lorenzo Priuli ( 1489 -- 17 August 1559 ) was the 82nd Doge of Venice .
Consuelo Femenía ( Jávea , June 17 , 1965 ) is a Spanish diplomat and former ambassador .
Ștefan Golescu ( 1809 -- 1874 ) was a Wallachian Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs for two terms from 1 March 1867 to 5 August 1867 and from 13 November 1867 to 30 April 1868 , and as Prime Minister of Romania between 26 November 1867 and 12 May 1868 .
Jill Billings ( born January 19 , 1962 ) is a former teacher , member of the La Crosse County board of supervisors , and Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , first elected to represent the 95th district in a 2011 special election .
Cayetano Redondo Aceña ( 1885 , Segovia--21 May 1940 , Madrid ) , Spanish politician , journalist , and mayor of Madrid during the Spanish Civil War - from November 1936 to May 1937 ) .
Saint Brioc ( Breton : Brieg ; Welsh : Briog ; Cornish : Breock ; French : Brieuc ; died c. 502 ) was a 5th - century Welsh holy man who became the first abbot of Saint - Brieuc in Brittany .
Menkare was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh , the first or second ruler of the combined 7th/8th Dynasty , depending on the scholar .
Ralph Norman Bauer , sometimes known as R. Norman Bauer ( May 1899 - March 13 , 1963 ) , was a lawyer from Franklin in St. Mary Parish , Louisiana , who served as a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1928 to 1936 and again from 1940 to 1948 .
Pablo Muñoz Vega S.J. ( 23 May 1903 -- 3 June 1994 ) , was an Ecuadorian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and served as the Archbishop of Quito .
Páll Jónsson ( 1155 -- November 29 , 1211 ) was an Icelandic Roman Catholic clergyman , who became the seventh bishop of Iceland from 1195 to 1211 .
Renato Cuellar ( 1927 - 2001 ) was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1987 until 1997 .
Irakli Garibashvili ( Georgian : ირაკლი ღარიბაშვილი , also transliterated as Gharibashvili ; born June 28 , 1982 ) was the Prime Minister of Georgia from November 20 , 2013 until his resignation on December 29 , 2015 , and is a former business executive .
Hein Hoyer ( lat . Hinricus Hoyeri ) ( c. 1380 in Hamburg -- 12 May 1447 in ibid ) was a German statesman and mayor of Hamburg .
Charles Arthur Brown , M.M. ( August 20 , 1919 -- May 14 , 1997 ) was an American - born Catholic missionary and bishop .
Jürgen Ruhfus ( born August 4 , 1930 Bochum ) is a German lawyer , diplomat , West German Ambassador to the United States , German Ambassador to the United States and Secretary of State .
Jay Bowerman ( August 15 , 1876 -- October 25 , 1957 ) was an American politician who served as the 13th Governor of Oregon .
Jean - Paul Virapoullé ( Tamil : ழான் பால் வீரபிள்ளை ) ( born 15 March 1944 in Bras - Panon , Réunion ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the island of Réunion .
Abdul Aziz Duwaik ( pronunciation ABH - dehl ah - ZEEZ doo - WAYK Arabic : عزيز دويك‎ ʿAzīz Dowēk ) ( born January 12 , 1948 ) has been the Speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council ( PLC ) since his election to that post on 18 January 2006 .
Major - General Chaim Herzog ( Hebrew : חיים הרצוג‎ ; 17 September 1918 -- 17 April 1997 ) was an Israeli politician , general , lawyer and author who served as the sixth President of Israel between 1983 and 1993 .
Jeffrey Manning ( died February 13 , 2004 ) was a county prosecutor and a member of the Ohio House of Representatives .
Arthur Drewry , CBE ( 3 March 1891 -- 25 March 1961 ) was an English football administrator who served as the fifth president of FIFA , the world governing body of association football , from 1955 to 1961 .
Zevulun Orlev ( Hebrew : זבולון אורלב‎ , born 9 November 1945 ) is an Israeli politician and a former Knesset member , Minister of Welfare & Social Services and leader of the National Religious Party .
On November 13 , 2013 , Criser 's eldest son , Marshall Criser III , was selected as the next Chancellor of the State University System of Florida .
Henry Bodenstab was an American lawyer from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who spent four years as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate .
Although the title was not coined until after her death , Martha Washington is considered to be the first First Lady of the United States .
Elisha Pearl ( March 7 , 1819 -- November 20 , 1896 ) was an American farmer from Lisbon , Wisconsin who served one term as a Free Soil Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Waukesha County , Wisconsin .
Leo Ferdinand Dworschak ( April 6 , 1900 -- November 5 , 1976 ) was the fourth Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fargo , in Fargo , North Dakota .
Emil Hallfreðsson ( born 29 June 1984 ) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a central midfielder or left winger for Serie A club Udinese .
Vladimir Veber played on the position goalkeeper to several teams , including Moldova Chișinău .
Vladimir Radivojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владимир Радивојевић ; born 4 February 1986 in Loznica ) is Serbian midfielder who last played for Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Naw Ar Lo Wer Phaw is a footballer from Burma who currently plays as a forward .
Ben Dragavon ( born December 31 , 1983 in Monroe , Washington ) is a former American soccer player who is currently a goalkeeper coach for Seattle Reign FC in the National Women 's Soccer League .
Juan Vicente Lezcano López ( 5 April 1937 -- 6 February 2012 ) ; was a Paraguayan football defender .
Beñat Etxebarria Urkiaga ( Basque : ( beɲat etʃeβaria urkiaɣa ) , Spanish : ( beˈɲat etʃeβaˈri.a urˈkjaɣa ) ; born 19 February 1987 ) , known simply as Beñat , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a central midfielder .
Yevhen Pisotskyi ( Ukrainian : Євген Валерійович Пісоцький ; born 22 April 1987 in Zaporizhya , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian midfielder .
William Camenzuli ( born 11 February 1979 in Gżira , Malta ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Second Division side Zebbug Rangers , where he plays as a defender .
Jean - Pascal Fontaine ( born September 11 , 1989 in Saint - Louis , Réunion ) is a French midfielder currently playing for Ligue 2 side Le Havre AC .
Alberto Edjogo - Owono Montalbán ( born 21 April 1984 ) , known simply as Alberto , is an Equatoguinean footballer who plays for Spanish club UA Horta as a forward .
Patricio Julián Rodríguez ( born 4 May 1990 ) , sometimes referred as Pato Rodríguez or Patito Rodríguez , is an Argentine footballer who plays for Brazilian club Santos as an attacking midfielder .
Emanuel Centurión ( born 25 August 1982 in Lomas de Zamora ) is an Argentine football midfielder , currently playing for Sud América in the Uruguayan Primera División .
Clemens Arnold ( born 31 January 1978 in Melbourne , Victoria ) is a field hockey goalkeeper from Germany , who was born in Australia .
Ozan Evrim Özenç ( born 7 January 1993 , in Konak ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Turkish Süper Lig club Antalyaspor .
Hashem Beikzadeh ( Persian : هاشم بیک زاده‎‎ , born January 22 , 1984 in Tehran ) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Zob Ahan in Persian Gulf Pro League and Iran national football team .
Eduardo Dasent ( born 12 October 1988 ) is a football defender who currently plays for Liga Panameña de Fútbol side Independiente La Chorrera .
Mauricio Vincello ( born August 19 , 1977 in Salto , Misiones Province , Argentina ) is an Argentine former football defender .
David Generelo Miranda ( born 11 August 1982 ) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Lorenzo Pinamonte ( born 9 May 1978 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder and forward for Brindisi .
Artjom Dmitrijev ( born 14 November 1988 ) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent who plays as a striker and midfielder for Estonian Meistriliiga club Nõmme Kalju and the Estonia national football team .
Reggie Arosemena Henríquez ( born 9 September 1986 in Panama City , Panama ) is a football midfielder who most recently played in Panama for Liga Panameña de Futbol team Alianza .
Billal Sebaihi ( born May 31 , 1992 ) is a French - Algerian footballer that plays as an attacking midfielder for Tondela , on loan from Estoril .
Rodrigo Oliveira de Bittencourt ( born 20 March 1983 in Canoas ) , commonly known as Diguinho , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Vasco da Gama .
Todor Nedelev ( Bulgarian : Тодор Неделев ; born 7 February 1993 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a winger or attacking midfielder for Botev Plovdiv .
Peter Burák ( born 17 September 1978 in Nitra ) is a Slovak football defender who played for FC Nitra , Artmedia Petržalka and FC Nitra .
Maria dela Cruz is a Filipino - American international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Rildo de Andrade Felicissimo ( born 20 March 1989 ) , simply known as Rildo , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Corinthians , on loan from Ponte Preta .
Frédéric Roux ( born June 27 , 1973 in Nancy , France ) is a former French goalkeeper .
José Roberto de Oliveira , or simply Zé Roberto ( born 9 December 1980 in Itumbiara ) , is a Brazilian association footballer , who plays as an attacking midfielder for Botafogo ( SP ) .
Abdul - Jabar Hashim Hanoon ( born 1 January 1970 ) is an Iraqi football defender who played for the Iraq national football team in the 2000 Asian Cup .
Antonello Cuccureddu ( born 4 October 1949 ) is an Italian association football coach and former player who played as a defender .
Brian Goudie ( born November 9 , 1972 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman / enforcer and coach .
Igor Nenezić ( born 23 March 1984 in ) is a Slovenian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Rah Ahan in the Persian Gulf Pro League .
Goran Šukalo ( born 24 August 1981 ) is a Slovenian midfielder who currently plays for 1860 Munich .
Josip Butić ( born 12 December 1974 ) is a retired Croatian football midfielder and manager who is currently managing Zadar in Croatia 's Croatian Second League .
Artem Butenin ( Ukrainian : Артем Олексійович Бутенін , born 3 October 1989 in Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present - day Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv .
William Amorim Martins de Menezes commonly known as William Menezes ( born 5 April 1989 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Coritiba Foot Ball Club .
Klaus Lindenberger ( born 28 May 1957 in Linz , Austria ) is a retired Austrian football goalkeeper and last manager of Austrian Bundesliga side LASK Linz .
Stephanie Puckrin ( born 22 August 1979 ) is an association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level .
Rok Stipčević ( born May 20 , 1986 ) is a Croatian professional basketball player who plays for Dinamo Sassari of the Lega Basket Serie A. Standing at 1.85 m ( 6 ft 1 in ) , he plays at the point guard position .
Yuriy Martyshchuk ( Ukrainian : Юрій Васильович Мартищук ; born 22 April 1986 in Kolomyia ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who played for Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Before became second choice goalkeeper in UEFA Euro 2004 qualifying , Romanenco played 6 games in 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification ( UEFA ) Denis Romanenco was one of the 11 Moldovian football players challenged and beaten by Tony Hawkes and features in his book Playing the Moldovans at Tennis .
Ariel Matías García ( born 22 October 1991 in Bell Ville ) , is an Argentine footballer who plays for Gimnasia de La Plata as a midfielder .
Marc De Clerck ( born 27 December 1949 ) is a Belgian former footballer , who played as a goalkeeper for Ghent , FC Twente , Go Ahead Eagles , Aberdeen and SC Heracles .
Cahit Paşa ( born August 25 , 1973 in Kardzhali , Bulgaria ) is a Turkish retired midfielder .
Şanver Göymen ( born 22 January 1967 in Samsun ) is a former Turkish football goalkeeper
Nenad Mišković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Мишковић ; born 13 October 1975 ) is a Bosnian former professional footballer who played as a defender .
Máximo Orlando Banguera Valdivieso ( born December 16 , 1985 in Guayaquil , Ecuador ) , known as Máximo Banguera , is a goalkeeper who plays dead in the Ecuadorian Serie A and the Ecuador national team .
Arūnas Mika ( born 11 November 1970 ) is a retired Lithuanian football defender , who last played for Sakalas Siauliai .
José Willams da Silva Mendonça ( born 5 August 1983 ) , known as Willams , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club AD Fafe as a left midfielder .
Graeme Hedley ( born 1 March 1957 ) is an English former footballer who made 107 appearances in the Football League playing as a midfielder for Middlesbrough , Sheffield Wednesday , Darlington , York City and Hartlepool United .
Carlos Aexandre Torres ( born 22 August 1966 in Rio de Janeiro ) , known as Alexandre Torres , is a retired Brazilian professional footballer who played as a defender .
César Palacios Chocarro ( born 19 October 1974 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a central midfielder .
Edwin Gyimah ( born 9 March 1991 ) is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays in the South African Premier Soccer League for Orlando Pirates , as a defender and midfielder .
Nicolas Cloarec ( born 24 July 1977 ) is a French former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Barbieri , full name Jorge Luiz Barbieri ( born May 1 , 1979 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an offensive midfielder .
Ilian Stoyanov ( Bulgarian : Илиaн Стоянов ) ( born 20 January 1977 ) is a former Bulgarian football defender .
Damir Šovšić ( born 5 February 1990 ) is a Bosnian - born Croatian football midfielder , currently playing for Dinamo Zagreb in the Croatian First League .
Marcelo Amado Djaló Taritolay ( born 8 October 1993 ) , simply known as Marcelo , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Girona FC , on loan from Juventus F.C. , as a central defender .
Glenn Ramsay ( born January 20 , 1935 in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario ) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender who played 19 seasons in the IHL ( 1956 - -74 ) .
László Bodnár ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈlaːsloː ˈbodnaːr ) ; born 25 February 1979 in Mátészalka ) is a Hungarian football defender .
Kanischka Taher ( born 4 April 1991 ) is an Afghan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kapellen - Erft and the Afghanistan national football team .
Jeffrey Ntuka ( 10 May 1985 -- 21 January 2012 ) was a South African footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a defender .
Massimiliano Scaglia ( born 21 May 1977 ) is an Italian defender .
Abdullah Al Shemali(born 18 June 1988 in Kuwait City ) is a Kuwaiti football midfielder , who plays forthe Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Arabi .
Carlos Mateus Ximenes ( born January 6 , 1986 ) is an East Timorese footballer who plays as midfielder for Vemasse Python and the Timor - Leste national team .
Fernando Sánchez Cipitria ( born 12 September 1971 in Madrid ) , known simply as Fernando , is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a left midfielder .
Xherdan Shaqiri ( Albanian pronunciation : ( dʒɛrˈdan ʃaˈciɾi ) ; born 10 October 1991 ) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Stoke City , and the Switzerland national team .
Bernard Malanda - Adje ( 28 August 1994 -- 10 January 2015 ) , nicknamed Junior Malanda , was a Belgian professional footballer who last played for German club VfL Wolfsburg as a defensive midfielder .
Nikos Christidis(born 18 September 1944 ) is a former Greek footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Adolfo Bautista Herrera known as El Bofo ( born May 15 , 1979 ) is a Mexican football forward who is currently playing for the Chicago mustangs in the MASL .
Georgy Gelashvili ( Russian : Гео́ргий Како́евич Гелашви́ли , Georgian : გიორგი გელაშვილი , born August 30 , 1983 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender .
Marko Muslin ( born 17 June 1985 ) is a French - Serbian football midfielder who plays for FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League .
Dušan Kljajić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Кљајић , born 12 October 1963 ) is a retired Serbian football defender .
Ivanílton Sérgio Guedes , usually known as Sérgio Guedes ( born November 7 , 1962 ) , is a Brazilian football manager and former goalkeeper .
Georgi Bozhanov ( Bulgarian : Георги Божанов ) ( born 7 October 1988 in Velingrad ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Minyor Pernik .
Sérgio Luís de Araújo , usually called as Sérgio ( born 11 May 1970 in Kaloré , Paraná ) , is a Brazilian football player at the position of goalkeeper .
Stephen Cosgrove ( born 29 December 1980 in Glasgow ) , is a Scottish footballer , who plays as a midfielder .
Mátyás Vedres ( April 18 , 1943 -- May 23 , 2009 ) was a former Hungarian ice hockey goaltender .
Joel Chukwuma Obi ( born 22 May 1991 ) known as Joel Obi , is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Torino and the Nigerian national team .
Edson José Valandro , popularly known as Edson Gaúcho , ( born 6 June 1955 in Caxias do Sul ) is a retired Brazilian professional football player , who played as a defender and is currently a manager .
Everson Fernando Gomes , commonly known as Gomes , ( born 18 September 1993 , in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Guaratinguetá on loan from Corinthians as a defensive midfielder .
Daniel Leach ( born 5 January 1986 ) is an Australian former footballer who last played for Football League Two club Barnet as a defender .
Rick Celebrini is a retired Canadian soccer defender who is the physiotherapist and head of sports medicine & science for the Vancouver Whitecaps FC of Major League Soccer .
Brian Petrovek ( born March 24 , 1955 ) is an American former ice hockey goaltender .
Ismail Yunos ( born 24 October 1986 ) is a Singaporean centre - back who plays for S - League side Home United and the Singapore national football team .
David Batty ( born 2 December 1968 ) is an English retired professional footballer , who played as a defensive midfielder .
Leandro Domingues Barbosa ( born 24 August 1983 in Vitória da Conquista ) , known as Leandro Domingues , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Vitória .
Sava Paunović ( Serbian : Сава Пауновић ; born 1947 ) is a former football forward who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey .
Souliya Syphasay ( born 18 December 1993 in Vientiane , Laos ) is Laoian footballer who plays for home town club Ezra in Lao League as a defender .
Simone Colombi ( born 1 July 1991 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Palermo , on loan from Cagliari .
Colin Mackleworth ( born 24 March 1947 in Bow , London ) is a former footballer who played for West Ham United and Leicester City as a goalkeeper .
Sherko Karim Lateef Gubari ( Arabic : شيركو كريم لطيف‎ , born May 25 , 1996 in Iraq ) is an Iraqi forward who currently plays for Swiss Super League club Grasshoppers .
Alexandru Ciucur ( born 1 March 1990 in Dorohoi ) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Pandurii Târgu Jiu as a right midfielder .
Bryan Bush ( 25 April 1925 -- 25 August 2008 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger and inside forward for Bristol Rovers .
Khalefa Ahmed Mohamed is a Sudanese defender playing for the Sudanese club Al - Hilal Omdurman in the Sudan Premier League .
John O'Mara ( born 19 March 1947 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward .
Luis Enrique Robles Ramirez ( born 22 September 1986 in Amacueca ) is a Mexican footballer , who is a defender for Puebla F.C. of Liga MX .
Chris Crowe ( 11 June 1939 -- 30 April 2003 ) was an English international footballer who played as an inside forward and outside right
Gary DeLong is an American former soccer goalkeeper .
Ian Bowling ( born 27 July 1965 in Sheffield , England ) is an English former professional footballer who played as goalkeeper .
Andreas Frangos ( Greek : Ανδρέας Φράγκος , born 19 January 1997 ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for AEL Limassol as a midfielder .
Teofil Codreanu ( 1 February 1941 -- 10 January 2016 ) was a Romanian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Tomislav Ivković ( born 11 August 1960 ) is a Croatian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and a manager .
Evandro Teixeira Magalhães or simply Evandro ( born December 1 , 1986 in Juiz de Fora ) , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder .
Giorgos Koudas ( Greek : Γιώργος Κούδας ) is a retired attacking football midfielder .
Božidar Senčar ( 1927 - -1987 ) was a Croatian football midfielder who started playing for his hometown club Dinamo Zagreb in Yugoslav First League in 1946 .
Yannick Kakoko ( born 26 January 1990 in Saarbrücken ) is a German footballer of Congolese descent who plays as a forward for Arka Gdynia .
Joel Baillargeon ( born October 6 , 1964 in Charlesbourg , Quebec ) is a former Canadian ice hockey left winger .
Saadullah Khan ( Urdu : سعد الله خان‎ ; born 4 June 1994 ) is a Pakistani footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for BG Sports Club and the Pakistan national team .
Fabrice Alcebiades Maieco ( born 30 May 1977 in Benguela ) , commonly known as Akwá , is an Angolan former football player who played as a forward for the Angolan national team .
Berkay Samancı ( born 11 April 1989 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a defensiv midfielder for Altınordu .
Sandra Žigić is a Croatian football defender currently playing for the Monroe Mustangs in the NJCAA .
Tremaine Stewart ( born 5 January 1988 ) is a Jamaican footballer forward / winger who currently plays for RoPS in the Veikkausliiga .
José Luis Senobua García ( born 16 September 1978 ) , commonly known as Sena , is a Spanish - born Equatorial Guinean retired footballer who played as a midfielder .
Miguel Raúl Justiniano Abella ( born September 29 , 1977 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra ) is a former Bolivian football midfielder who played for the Bolivian national team in Copa América 1999 and Copa América 2001 .
Mustafa Arslanović ( born February 24 , 1960 in Bosanski Novi , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian football defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia .
Predrag Luka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пpeдpaг Лукa ; born May 11 , 1988 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as attacking midfielder for Serbian SuperLiga club Partizan Belgrade .
Matt Chulis ( born August 29 , 1977 in Central Islip , New York ) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who is currently Associate Head Coach with the University of Virginia men 's soccer team .
Zsolt Muzsnay ( born 20 June 1965 in Cluj ) is a Romanian footballer who played as a midfielder .
Sam Dalrymple ( December 22 , 1901 -- January 1981 ) was a former U.S. soccer forward .
James Gary McGuire ( born 30 September 1938 ) is an English former association football goalkeeper who played in the Football League for Torquay United .
Fábio Alexandre Silva Nunes ( born 24 July 1992 ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a left winger for C.F. Os Belenenses .
Paulo Marcel Pereira Merabet ( born 22 February 1979 in Belém , Pará ) , commonly known as Roma , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a forward .
Angelo Orlando ( born August 11 , 1965 in San Cataldo , Sicily ) is an Italian professional football coach and a former midfielder .
Seif Kadhim Husayn ( born 7 February 1991 ) is a Swedish footballer of Iraqi descent who plays as a midfielder for Iraqi Premier League club Duhok SC .
Jasem Jaihouni ( JJ ) ( born 16 August 1988 ) is an American - Iranian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and played in the Persian 1st Division .
Danielle Foxhoven ( born November 9 , 1989 ) is an American professional soccer forward currently signed with the Seattle Reign FC of the National Women 's Soccer League .
Andreas Isaksson ( Swedish pronunciation : ( anˈdreː.ˈas ˈɪːsak.ˈsɔn ) ; born 3 October 1981 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Turkish club Kasımpaşa in the Süper Lig .
Rolands Freimanis ( born January 21 , 1988 ) is a professional basketball player , who plays the power forward and center position .
Wilfred Lancaster ( 27 September 1904 -- July 1987 ) was an English professional association footballer who played as an outside forward .
Bruno Tiago Fernandes Andrade ( born 1 April 1981 in Santo Tirso , Porto ) , known as Bruno Tiago , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a midfielder .
James Cookson ( 6 December 1904 -- December 1970 ) , better known as Jimmy Cookson , was an English footballer who played as a centre forward in the Football League for Manchester City , Chesterfield , West Bromwich Albion , Plymouth Argyle and Swindon Town .
Brynley Jones ( born 16 May 1959 ) is a former Welsh professional footballer who played in The Football League for Chester as a midfielder .
Eder Luís de Carvalho , better known as Éder Baiano ( born 14 May 1984 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Changchun Yatai in the Chinese Super League .
Fabrice Apruzesse ( born 8 May 1985 in Marseille , Bouches - du - Rhône ) is a French football forward , currently playing for Marseille B.
Lamjed Chehoudi ( born 8 May 1986 in Dubai ) is a United Arab Emirates - born Tunisian footballer who plays as a forward for Elazığspor in Turkey .
Sehid Sinani ( born 23 October 1982 in Laufen ) is a Swiss football defender of Macedonia Albanian descent .
Bassel Bawji ( born December 26 , 1989 ) is an American / Lebanese professional basketball player who plays the power forward for Champville Club in the Lebanese Basketball League .
Łukasz Juszkiewicz ( born March 9 , 1983 in Sulechów ) is a Polish footballer ( midfielder ) .
Jolanta Siwińska ( born 2 April 1991 ) is a Polish footballer who plays for German club Turbine Potsdam and the Poland national team as a versatile defender .
Pavol Piatka ( born 11 April 1979 ) is a Slovak football referee and also former professional football forward who currently plays for amateur team ŠK Báhoň .
Igor Taševski ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игop Taшeвcки ; born 27 July 1972 ) is a Serbian retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender .
Chen Jianlong ( simplified Chinese : 陈建龙 ; traditional Chinese : 陳建龍 ; pinyin : Chén Jiànlóng ; born 14 May 1989 ) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a defender for Meizhou Kejia in the China League Two .
Tine Cederkvist Viskær ( born 21 March 1979 ) is a Danish football goalkeeper who plays for the Denmark women 's national football team .
Danny Guijt ( born 7 February 1981 in Leiden ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Dutch club Katwijk .
Željko Cicović ( Serbian : Жeљкo Цицoвић , born 2 September 1970 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper .
Ivan Pudar ( born 16 August 1961 in Zemun , Serbia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a former Croatian football goalkeeper .
Moussa Doumbia ( born 4 April 1989 ) is a footballer from Burkina Faso who plays as a defender .
Haris Radetinac ( born 28 October 1985 in Novi Pazar , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosniak footballer who plays Djurgårdens IF in Allsvenskan as a midfielder .
Krasimir Krastev ( Bulgarian : Красимир Кръстев ) ( born 26 August 1984 ) is a left midfielder association football player from Bulgaria currently playing for Botev Plovdiv .
Hennadiy Moroz ( Russian : Геннадий Григорьевич Мороз ; born 27 March 1975 in Dnipropetrovsk ) is a retired Ukrainian football defender who last played for FC Obolon Kyiv .
Darryl McHardy ( born 22 May 1995 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Elgin City , as a defender or midfielder .
Christoph Moritz ( born 27 January 1990 ) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for 1 .
Sheila Parker ( née Porter ; born 1947 ) is an English former international football defender .
Henry David López ( born 8 August 1992 ) is a Guatemalan football forward who plays for Municipal in Guatemala 's top division .
Sandy Feher ( born Hungary ) is a retired Hungarian - American soccer goalkeeper .
Tomáš Vaclík ( born 29 March 1989 ) is a Czech footballer , who currently plays for FC Basel as a goalkeeper .
Lasse Strand ( born 3 April 1974 ) is a former Norwegian football ( soccer ) defender .
Santander Ospina born January 28 , 1974 is a retired Colombian football defender .
Anibal José ( 29 March 1904 -- 8 January 1976 ) was a Portuguese footballer who played for Benfica , Vitória Setúbal and the Portugal national team , as midfielder .
Carl Gentile is a former U.S. soccer forward .
Taher Zakaria ( born 1988 ) is Qatari footballer who is a defender for Al Sadd .
Abdesslam Benabdellah ( Arabic : عبد السلام بن عبد الله‎ ; born in January 12 , 1964 in Oran ) is a former Algerian football player who played as a goalkeeper .
Richard Cockerill ( born 16 December 1970 ) is a former English rugby union footballer who played as a hooker .
José Romão Dimas ( born 7 May 1930 in Almada ) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a winger .
Scott Gallacher ( born 15 July 1989 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic .
Kaspars Gorkšs ( born 6 November 1981 ) is a Latvian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Czech side FK Dukla Prague .
Danny Schenkel ( born 1 April 1978 ) is a Dutch footballer who last played for Ajax Zaterdag as a defender in the Dutch Hoofdklasse .
Benoît Piffero ( born 21 May 1987 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a rugby union hooker who plays for Atlantic Rock and Canada .
Jeff Lerg ( born April 9 , 1986 ) is an American ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Zoran Mijanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зopaн Mиjaнoвић ; born 6 May 1974 in Novi Sad , Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian football player who is currently a goalkeeper coach at Buriram United
Rubén Arriaza Pazos ( born 26 August 1979 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
O Hyok - chol ( born 2 August 1991 ) is a North Korean professional footballer who plays as a right midfielder .
Peta Bala'c ( born 9 December 1953 in Exeter , England ) was an English soccer goalkeeper for most notably Kaizer Chiefs in South Africa .
Jock Hume was a Scottish professional football defender who played for Scottish First Division club Aberdeen .
Francisco Vieira ( 26 August 1899 -- deceased ) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Wojciech Kowalewski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈvɔjtɕɛx kɔvaˈlɛvski ) ; born 11 May 1977 in Białystok ) , is a retired Polish football goalkeeper .
Søren Krogh ( born April 19 , 1977 ) is a Danish football coach and former professional football midfielder .
Bojan Šaranov ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бојан Шаранов ; born 22 October 1987 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Partizan .
Laurențiu Marinescu ( born 25 August 1984 in Ploiești ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești .
Maurice Gransart ( 8 July 1930 -- 27 April 2013 ) was a French professional footballer who played for Marseille , as a defender .
George Blues is an Australian former international soccer player who played as a winger .
Thabo Mooki ( born 22 October 1974 in Soweto , Gauteng ) is a retired South African football ( soccer ) midfielder who spent all his professional career with Premier Soccer League club Kaizer Chiefs .
Nick Krat ( Ukrainian : Микола ( Нік ) Крат ) is a retired Ukrainian - American soccer defender who played professionally in the National Soccer League of Chicago and the North American Soccer League .
John Ritson ( born 6 September 1949 ) is an English - born former footballer , who played as a defender in the Football League in the 1960s and 1970s , most notably for Bolton Wanderers .
Uroš Vitas ( Serbian Cyrillic : Урош Витас ; born 6 July 1992 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Belgian club Gent .
Lukáš Matůš ( born 6 October 1980 ) is a Czech footballer who plays for the Austrian team SC Ostbahn XI as a forward .
Siniša Martinović ( born December 19 , 1980 in Tuzla ) is a Croatian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Schwenninger Wild Wings of the 2nd Bundesliga .
Peter Zezel ( April 22 , 1965 -- May 26 , 2009 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who spent 15 seasons in the National Hockey League from 1984 to 1999 .
Fernando Gabriel Silva Andrade ( born 7 November 1996 in Santa Maria da Feira ) known as Nandinho , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Feirense as a defender .
Grégory Gomis ( born 4 November 1990 ) is a French footballer playing for Al - Salliya in Qatar Stars League as a goalkeeper .
Zakaria Aboub ( Arabic : زكرياء أبوب‎ ) ( born 3 June 1980 in Casablanca ) is a Moroccan football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Vladimir Tarnawski ( Ukrainian : Володимир Тарнавський ) , also known as Vladimiro Tarnawsky and Walter Tarnawsky , ( born 19 August 1939 ) is a retired Soviet / Ukrainian - born , Argentine football goalkeeper .
Wilson Wood ( born 25 January 1943 in Whitburn ) is a Scottish former footballer who played primarily as a midfielder .
Károly Weichelt ( 2 March 1906 -- 4 July 1971 ) was a Romanian international footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
Gedion Zelalem ( born January 26 , 1997 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Championship side Rangers , on loan from Premier League club Arsenal .
Garett MacDonald ( born January 12 , 1971 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey and roller hockey defenceman .
Marc Bergevin ( born August 11 , 1965 ) is a retired Canadian professional hockey defenceman and current general manager of the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League .
Mitchell Todd ( 15 March 1991 -- 15 August 2012 ) was a Scottish rugby union player who played at lock for Nottingham .
Jozef Bomba ( 30 March 1939 -- 27 October 2005 ) was a Slovak football defender .
Mohamed Chakouri ( Arabic : محمد شاقوري ‎ ) ( born May 21 , 1986 in Arles , France ) is an Algerian footballer who last played as a defender for Charleroi S.C. in the Belgian First Division after being released in 2011 .
Luis Costa Juan ( born 19 February 1943 ) is a Spanish retired football forward and manager .
Steve Rammel ( born April 20 , 1968 ) is a retired U.S. soccer forward .
Yaroslav Martynyuk ( Ukrainian : Ярослав Петрович Мартинюк ; born 20 February 1989 in Vinnytsia , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Shakhtyor Soligorsk .
Shane Owen ( born June 4 , 1990 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Indy Fuel of the ECHL .
Darko Tofiloski ( born 13 January 1986 ) is a Macedonian football goalkeeper who is currently playing for MFK Ružomberok .
Pablo Villanueva Fernández ( born 12 April 1976 ) , most known as Pablo Villa , is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a forward , and a current coach .
Chan Man Hei ( born 1 September 1980 ) is a Macanese footballer who plays as a midfielder for GD Lam Pak .
Rorys Andrés Aragón Espinoza ( born 28 June 1982 ) , commonly known as Rorys Aragón , is an Ecuadorian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Barcelona and the Ecuador national team .
Taha Ismail ( Arabic : طه اسماعيل‎ ) ( born 8 February 1939 ) is an Egyptian former footballer who played as a forward for Al - Ahly and the Egyptian national team .
Mark Abboud ( born November 19 , 1970 ) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played two season in the American Professional Soccer League , one in the National Professional Soccer League , and seven in the USISL and USL A - League .
Frank Verlaat ( born 5 March 1968 ) is a Dutch former international football defender , who retired in 2007 , after a professional career of 21 years .
Nermin Crnkić ( born 31 August 1992 ) is a Bosnian professional football player currently playing for FK Baumit Jablonec as a midfielder .
Pamphile Mihayo Kazembe ( born 17 September 1976 in Lubumbashi ) is a retired Democratic Republic of the Congolese footballer , who last played for TP Mazembe as a midfielder .
Gavin Lane ( born 26 November 1966 ) is a retired South African football ( soccer ) defender .
Kevin Wylie ( born June 12 , 1968 ) is a retired American soccer defender who spent one season with the New England Revolution in Major League Soccer .
Daniel Horlaville ( born September 22 , 1945 in Oissel ) is a French retired amateur and professional football midfielder .
Wilson Humphries ( 1 July 1928 -- 22 October 1992 ) was a Scottish footballer and manager who played as an inside forward .
Peter Donaghy ( born 13 January 1898 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward for Middlesbrough , Bradford City and Carlisle United .
Magín Mir Martínez ( born 6 January 1970 ) , known simply as Magín , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender .
Morten Beck Andersen ( born 2 January 1988 ) is a Danish professional football forward who currently plays for Icelandic club KR .
Nathan Konstandopoulos ( born 26 June 1996 ) is an Australian footballer who last played as a central midfielder for Adelaide United in the A - League .
Estelle Johnson ( born March 30 , 1988 ) is an American professional soccer defender .
José Rogério de Oliveira Melo ( born 24 December 1990 ) , commonly known as Rogério , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward or winger for São Paulo FC .
Rolland Courbis ( French pronunciation : ​(rɔlɑ̃ kuʁˈbis ) ; born 12 August 1953 in Marseille ) is a French football manager and former football defender .
Daniele Sciarra ( born 12 July 1991 in Atri ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Chieti on loan from Serie B side Pescara .
Paolo Tramezzani ( born 30 July 1970 ) is an Italian born retired footballer and current manager , who played as a defender .
Marko Pavlovski ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марко Павловски , born 7 February 1994 ) is a Serbian football midfielder playing for Primeira Liga side FC Porto on loan from OFK Beograd .
Dominique Johnson ( born June 9 , 1987 ) is an American professional basketball player who plays shooting guard , point guard and small forward .
Damien Da Silva ( born 17 May 1988 ) is a defender currently playing for French club Caen .
Nadjem Lens Annab ( born 20 July 1988 in Maaseik ) is a Belgian - Algerian professional football player who last played as a midfielder for Geel in the Belgian Second Division .
Carlington Nyadombo ( born 25 December 1985 in Makoni ) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a defender for AmaZulu in the South African Premier Soccer League and Zimbabwe .
Luisa Warrington is a fictional character from the British soap opera , Family Affairs , played by Clare Byam - Shaw for most of 2000 .
Dr. Melody Bell was a fictional character in the soap opera Doctors .
Michael Coogan claims the book of Joshua , more than any other book of the Bible , contains short etiological narratives that explain the origins of religious rituals , topographical features , genealogical relationships , and other aspects of ancient Israelite life , and that the legend of Rahab is such an example .
The best - known adaptation of the Sigurd legend is Richard Wagner 's cycle of music dramas Der Ring des Nibelungen ( written between 1848 and 1874 ) .
Hannah McKay is a fictional character portrayed by Yvonne Strahovski in the seventh season and eighth season of the Showtime television series Dexter .
Maleagant ( alternately Meliagant , Meligaunt , Meliagaunt , Meliaganz , Meliagrance , Mellyagraunce , Mellegrans , etc . ) is a villain from Arthurian legend .
Curtis Manning is a fictional character on the television series 24 , portrayed by Roger Cross .
Dylath - Leen is a fictional city in H. P. Lovecraft 's Dream Cycle and appears in The Dream - Quest of Unknown Kadath ( 1926 ) and the Brian Lumley short story Dylath - Leen .
Guardinals are a type of celestial from the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role playing game .
Dwight McCarthy is one of the principal characters in Frank Miller 's Sin City universe .
The Blue Paint Killer is a fictional character featured in the third and fifth season of the CBS drama CSI : Crime Scene Investigation .
In The Transformers : The Movie , Windcharger 's body is dragged to cover by Arcee next to Wheeljack , ( who looks deceased in a similar way , their bodies not changing colour to the grey black associated with Transformers when they die ) , during the Battle of Autobot City .
Noah 's Ark ( Hebrew : תיבת נח‎ ; Biblical Hebrew : Tevat Noaḥ ) is the vessel in the Genesis flood narrative ( Genesis chapters 6 - -9 ) by which God spares Noah , his family , and a remnant of all the world 's animals from the flood .
Gerald and Sheila Broflovski ( sometimes spelled Broslovski , Broslofski , Brovlofski or Broflofski ) are fictional characters in the animated television series South Park .
The great cape and land - locked firth of Umbar south of the Bay of Belfalas formed a natural harbour of enclosing rock , but the `` great fortress of Númenor '' ( The Lord of the Rings ) within it was not built until S.A. 2280 .
Jolyon Wagg ( French : Séraphin Lampion ) is a fictional character in The Adventures of Tintin , the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .
Clayton Farlow is a fictional character in the popular American television series Dallas , played by Howard Keel from 1981 to 1991 .
In an interview , writer Simon Furman indicated that Galvatron made his first IDW Publishing appearance in The Transformers :
The characters continued to make brief appearances in the Japanese - exclusive Transformers : The Headmasters series , usually merged as Bruticus and battling other combiners , and Bruticus was one of the nine `` Decepticon Generals '' assembled by the insectoid Violenjiger in the single episode of 1990 's Japanese Transformers :
The Dormouse is a character in `` A Mad Tea - Party '' , Chapter VII from Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll .
Francisco Scaramanga returned for the game GoldenEye : Rogue Agent voiced by Christopher Lee .
Sir Frank Gordon is a fictional character in the 1980s British sitcom Yes Minister and its sequel Yes , Prime Minister .
Xiangling ( Chinese : 香菱 ; Pinyin : xiānglíng ) is a character in the novel Dream of the Red Chamber .
In the book Prince Caspian , which takes place many centuries of Narnian time after The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe ( but only a year in our time ) , Cair Paravel is a ruin on an island at the point where the Great River of Narnia flows into the Eastern Ocean .
Lydia Simmonds is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , initially played by Margaret Tyzack and then by Heather Chasen .
Maa Inti Premayanam ( Telugu : మా ఇంటి ప్రేమాయణం ) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by Alluri Ravi .
Chantons sous l'Occupation ( English : Singing during the Occupation ) is a French documentary film from 1976 .
El Santos vs. La Tetona Mendoza ( The Santos vs. Big Tits Mendoza in Spanish ) is a 2012 Mexican adult animated action - comedy film , based on the comic by José Ignacio Solórzano ( JIS ) and Trino Camacho .
Atomic Brain Invasion is a 2010 American sci - fi / horror film directed by Richard Griffin .
PetroApocalypse Now ? is a 2008 documentary television film about the future of global oil production and peak oil .
The Mastermind Jinda Sukha is 2015 Punjabi film initially releasing 11 September 2015 .
Adhinayakudu is a 2012 Telugu film written and directed by Parachuri Murali .
Man Ki Aankhen is 1970 Bollywood film directed Raghunath Jhalani .
Cry Uncle ! ( also American Oddballs and Superdick ) is a 1971 film in the Troma library .
Reflections in Dark Glasses is an Australian television film , or rather a television play , which aired in 1960 .
Rebels and Traitors by British historical novelist Lindsey Davis ( best known for her Marcus Didius Falco series ) was published by Random House in September 2009 ( ISBN 9781846056321 ) .
At Swim - Two - Birds was accepted for publication by Longman 's on the recommendation of Graham Greene , who was a reader for them at the time .
Harrier Combat Simulator is a computer game developed by Mindscape for the Atari ST in 1987 along with the MS - DOS PC and the Commodore 64 .
Landscope is the quarterly journal of Western Australia 's Department of Environment and Conservation .
Complete Psionic is a supplemental rulebook for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role - playing game published by Wizards of the Coast released in April 2006 .
GAZ8 The Five Shires was written by Ed Greenwood , with a cover by Clyde Caldwell , and was published in 1988 by TSR as a 72-page book and a 24-page book , with a large color map and an outer folder .
The Union Prayer Book was a Siddur published by the Central Conference of American Rabbis to serve the needs of the Reform Judaism movement in the United States .
Agenda 21 is a non - binding , voluntarily implemented action plan of the United Nations with regard to sustainable development .
Big Planet was first published in Startling Stories ( vol . 27 no . 2 , September 1952 ) , then cut and reissued in 1957 by Avalon Books .
Legend of the Amazon Women is a beat 'em up video game developed by SilverTime Inc and published by U.S. Gold and Mastertronic for Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum in 1986 .
Bat Out of Hell is the second album and major - label debut by American rock singer Meat Loaf , as well as being his first collaboration with composer Jim Steinman , released in October 1977 on Cleveland International / Epic Records .
Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 is a double album released by Atlantic Records on 21 September 1993 .
Live at the Hammersmith Odeon ' 81 is a live album by The Stranglers , released by EMI in 1998 as part of the BBC Archive Series .
The Burning Circle and Then Dust is the fourth studio album by the American Dark Wave band Lycia , released on April 3 , 1995 by Projekt Records .
Two Hunters is the second album by black metal band Wolves in the Throne Room and their debut album on Southern Lord Records .
Ako Si ... is the second album and his last album from Star Records of Pinoy rapper , Gloc-9 .
We Bring the Noise ! is the eighth studio album by German hard dance group Scooter , released on 11 June 2001 by Sheffield Tunes in Germany .
Paper Trail is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist T.I. , released September 30 , 2008 , on Grand Hustle Records and Atlantic Records .
See You at the Fair is an album by jazz saxophonist Ben Webster , released on Impulse ! Records .
Take Me Higher is a studio album by American singer Diana Ross , released in 1995 on the Motown label .
The `` Wondering''/``Old Cape Cod '' record was released by Mercury Records on April 23 , 1957 , as catalog number 71101 .
Blue Lines is the debut album by English trip hop group Massive Attack , released on their Wild Bunch label through Virgin Records on 8 April 1991 .
Dead Girls Do n't Cry is the sixth studio album by the Danish psychobilly band the Nekromantix , released in 2004 by Hellcat Records .
Where Fortune Smiles is a jazz fusion LP credited to John McLaughlin , John Surman , Dave Holland , Karl Berger , and Stu Martin on Dawn Records DNLS ASD 3018 , which was recorded in 1970 and released in 1971 in a stereo format .
IIcons is the sixth album from Naughty by Nature , released on May 7 , 2002 on TVT Records .
Black Snakes is the third collaboration between experimental rock band Red Krayola and conceptual art group Art & Language , released in 1983 through RecRec Music .
Trouble Doll ( The Disappointing 3rd LP ) is the third album by B.A.L.L. , released in 1989 through Shimmy Disc .
As part of his Third Man Records vinyl records visual and physical concepts , he as made the 12 `` version of Sixteen Saltines the first record ever filled with liquid .
A Dramatic Turn of Events is the eleventh studio album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater , released worldwide on September 12 , 2011 and in the United States on September 13 through Roadrunner Records .
Scenes from the Second Storey is the debut album by The God Machine released in 1993 by Fiction Records / Polydor .
During the 1940s , with his brother and songwriting partner , Otis René , Leon René established and ran the independent rhythm and blues labels Exclusive Records and Excelsior Records .
Today My Way was an LP album by Patti Page , released by Columbia Records in 1967 .
Canned Funk is a jazz album by Joe Farrell for CTI Records .
The Price You Pay is the fifth studio album by Spear of Destiny , released by Virgin Records in 1988 ( see 1988 in music ) .
Keasbey Nights is the debut album by the East Brunswick , New Jersey ska punk band Catch 22 , released on March 24 , 1998 by Victory Records .
Portable Sounds was released on February 20 , 2007 through ForeFront Records .
Move Back Home is the fourth album by pop punk band The Queers released on Lookout ! Records .
`` Legal Man '' is a single released by Belle & Sebastian on Jeepster Records in 2000 .
To You Sweetheart , Aloha is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released late in the summer of 1959 by Cadence Records .
Uncle Anesthesia is the Screaming Trees ' fifth album and first full - length album on Epic Records .
Shortly after , he released another clip `` Crie 93 '' exclusively on rap website Booska - p . Fababy then signed on with recording label Banlieue Sale , run by French rapper La Fouine .
The Astonishing is the thirteenth studio album and second concept album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater , released as a double album on January 29 , 2016 through Roadrunner Records .
The Number of Magic is Richard H. Kirk 's second solo album for Warp Records .
Paris to Purple City is the second album by Purple City , released on November 8 , 2005 through Babygrande Records .
Sofia Rotaru and Chervona Ruta - is a 1981 studio album of Sofia Rotaru , recorded at Melodiya in the USSR .
What Bird Is That ? is the third album by The Lucksmiths released in 1996 on Candle Records ( catalogue number LUCKY4 . )
By the end of the late 1960s he had formed his own Kenny Cox and the Contemporary Jazz Quintet , which recorded two albums for Blue Note Records before the end of the decade .
Released in late 1997 on Atlantic Records , it features the singles `` If You Ca n't Be Good , Be Good at It '' , `` Party On '' , and `` Love Happens Like That '' and `` The Shake '' , which was reprised from McCoy 's 1997 Greatest Hits compilation .
Minor Love is Adam Green 's sixth solo record , released by Rough Trade Records in Europe on January 8 , 2010 and in the U.K. on January 11 , 2010 .
Songs in the Key of Bree is the debut album by Buck - O - Nine , originally released in 1994 on Immune Records , and subsequently re - released on Taang ! Records in 1996 .
Party sto 13o orofo is the second album of the Greek rock band Trypes and their first with Virgin Records .
Back for the Attack is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Dokken , released on November 2 , 1987 through Elektra Records .
Emotional History is MAX 's fourth original studio album on original label , Avex Trax .
The Fabulous Thad Jones is the debut album by American jazz trumpeter Thad Jones recorded in 1954 and originally released on Charles Mingus ' Debut Records label as a 10 inch LP .
The album was originally titled The Kingdom Come and was slated for a release on June 30 , 1998 , on Aftermath Entertainment .
Soul Fixin ' Man is an album by American blues guitarist Luther Allison , released in 1994 by Alligator Records .
Two Lovers and Other Great Hits is an album released by Motown singer Mary Wells , the third album she released while recording for the label .
Rythem 's eleventh single is titled `` Sakura Uta '' ( 桜唄 ) and it was released on February 28 , 2007 under Sony Music Entertainment Japan label .
A&M Records released `` King of Pain '' as the album 's fourth single in the UK , while in North America , it was released as the second single .
Oh Mercy is the twenty - sixth studio album by American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan , released on September 18 , 1989 by Columbia Records .
A Street Called Straight is a 1976 album by Roy Buchanan and was released on the Atlantic Records label .
Stereo Drive is an album by jazz musician Cecil Taylor featuring John Coltrane , released in 1959 on United Artists Records , catalogue UAS 5014 .
Live at Independent Records is the debut live album by American indie rock band Imagine Dragons , released on April 20 , 2013 through Interscope Records .
The Last One Standing is the second album by Canadian folk - pop singer Christine Fellows , released in 2002 on Six Shooter Records .
Texicali is an EP by ZZ Top , released digitally on iTunes and other digital media outlets on June 5 , 2012 .
Primitive Love is the ninth studio album and second English - language record by the Miami Sound Machine , released in August 1985 , by Epic Records .
The Spiritual Bonding is an album by Vidna Obmana , released in 1994 through Extreme Records .
`` Oh Woman , Oh Why '' is a song written by English musician Paul McCartney , first released on the Apple Records label in February 1971 as the B - side to McCartney 's debut single as a solo artist , `` Another Day '' .
Do n't Ask is the third studio album by Australian singer Tina Arena released by Columbia Records in Australia on 21 November 1994 .
Youthanasia is the sixth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth , released on November 1 , 1994 through Capitol Records .
Ghetto Classics is Jaheim 's third album with Warner Bros. Records .
You 're Dead ! is the fifth studio album by American music producer Flying Lotus , released on October 6 , 2014 in the UK and October 7 , 2014 in the US , by Warp Records .
Charlie , Last Name Wilson is the third studio album by American singer Charlie Wilson ; it was released on August 23 , 2005 , by Jive Records .
Rocket D.I.Y. is a studio album by Scottish singer - songwriter King Creosote , released on April 4 , 2005 on Fence Records and Domino .
The Great Ray Charles is Ray Charles ' second studio album for Atlantic Records , released in 1957 .
Always Leave the Ground on the album cover , is the second album released by This Day and Age on its label One Eleven Records .
Glad to Get Away is the twenty - fourth album by Jandek , and was released ( 1994 ) as Corwood Industries # 0762 .
The Ruler 's Back is the second studio album by British - American rapper Slick Rick , released July 2 , 1991 , on Def Jam Recordings .
Stone Blue is the seventh studio album by English blues rock band Foghat , released in May 1978 on Bearsville Records .
On How Life Is is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Macy Gray , released on July 1 , 1999 by Epic Records .
`` Reach Out and Touch ( Somebody 's Hand ) '' was the debut solo single of Motown singer Diana Ross , released in April 1970 .
Together We 're Stranger is No - Man 's fifth studio album released by the Snapper Music label in 2003 .
The Seraphic Clockwork is the sixth full - length album by the German progressive metal band Vanden Plas released through Frontiers Records .
Sonny Boy Williamson I recorded `` Good Morning , School Girl '' in 1937 during his first recording session for Bluebird Records .
After departing from Island Records , The Orb released Bicycles & Tricycles in 2004 on Cooking Vinyl in the United Kingdom and Sanctuary Records in the United States .
The Way I See It is the third studio album by American recording artist Raphael Saadiq , released on September 16 , 2008 , by Columbia Records .
Red Medicine is the fourth full - length studio album by American post - hardcore band Fugazi , released on June 12 , 1995 through Dischord Records .
Good Monsters is the seventh full - length studio album from Jars of Clay , released by Essential Records on September 5 , 2006 .
Local Band Does OK is Umphrey 's McGee 's second studio album , and the first studio album to feature Jake Cinninger and Andy Farag .
Wooden Arms is the third album by Patrick Watson , released April 28 , 2009 on Secret City Records .
Black Pearls is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane , released in 1964 on Prestige Records , catalogue 7316 .
`` Love Hangover '' was the fourth number one single for Motown singer Diana Ross .
Rhythm Killers is a studio album by Jamaican musical duo Sly and Robbie , released in May 1987 by Island Records .
Ellington Is Forever Volume Two is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell featuring compositions associated with Duke Ellington recorded in 1975 and released on the Fantasy Records label .
Muse Sick - n - Hour Mess Age is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy , released on August 23 , 1994 , by Def Jam Recordings .
Catfights and Spotlights is the sixth studio album by British pop band Sugababes , released by Island Records on 17 October 2008 .
Where Were We ? is the seventh album by The Lucksmiths released in 2002 on Candle Records ( catalog number CAN2521 . )
`` Disco Duck '' was initially released in the south by Estelle Axton 's Fretone label , but it was later released by RSO Records for national and international distribution .
Wizard of the Vibes is a Blue Note Records compilation of performances by jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson .
Little Ida ( Norwegian : Liten Ida ) is a 1981 Norwegian - Swedish drama film directed by Laila Mikkelsen .
A.I. Artificial Intelligence , also known as A.I. , is a 2001 American science fiction film directed by Steven Spielberg .
Punishment Park is a 1971 American mockumentary drama film written and directed by Peter Watkins .
Three Days and a Child ( Hebrew : שלושה ימים וילד , translit . Shlosha Yamim Veyeled ) is a 1967 Israeli drama film directed by Uri Zohar .
The Offence is a 1972 British drama film directed by Sidney Lumet , based upon the 1968 stage play This Story of Yours by John Hopkins .
Imago Mortis is a 2009 Italian - Spanish film directed by Stefano Bessoni .
Sex and the City 2 is a 2010 American romantic comedy film co - written , produced and directed by Michael Patrick King .
Ballad of Tara ( Persian : چریکه تارا‎ , translit . Tcherike - ye Tara ) is a 1979 Iranian film directed by Bahram Bayzai .
L'apache is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and written by Adele Buffington , John Lynch , and R. Cecil Smith .
Labyrinth of Passion ( Spanish : Laberinto de pasiones ) is a 1982 Spanish screwball comedy written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar , starring Cecilia Roth and Imanol Arias .
The Castiglioni Brothers ( Italian : I fratelli Castiglioni ) is a 1937 Italian comedy film directed by Corrado D'Errico and starring Camillo Pilotto , Ugo Ceseri and Amedeo Nazzari .
Fugitive from Montreal ( French : L'inconnue de Montréal ) is a 1950 French - Canadian drama film directed by Jean Devaivre , written by Charles Exbrayat , and starring René Dary , Patricia Roc and Paul Dupuis .
Clean , Shaven is a 1993 film directed by Lodge Kerrigan , in which Peter Winter ( played by Peter Greene ) is a schizophrenic man desperately trying to get his daughter back from her adoptive mother .
Shortbus is a 2006 American erotic comedy - drama film written and directed by John Cameron Mitchell .
Four Lions is a 2010 British black comedy film , directed by Chris Morris in his directorial debut , and written by Morris , Sam Bain , and Jesse Armstrong .
Ro . Go . Pa . G. ( also known as `` RoGoPaG '' ) is a 1963 film , which consists of four segments , each written and directed by one of the four film directors - French Jean - Luc Godard ( segment `` Il Nuovo mondo '' ) , and three Italian :
Cravos de Abril ( April Carnations ) is a Portuguese historic short film by Ricardo Costa .
About Schmidt is a 2002 American comedy - drama film written and directed by Alexander Payne , produced by Michael Besman , Harry Gittes and Rachael Horovitz , co - written by Jim Taylor with music by Rolfe Kent and starring Jack Nicholson in the title role .
`` Where No Man Has Gone Before '' was written by Samuel A. Peeples , directed by James Goldstone , and filmed in July 1965 .
Last Man to Kill ( Italian : Un milione di dollari per 7 assassini , French : 1.000.000 de dollars pour 7 assassinats ) is a 1966 Italian - French crime - spy film written and directed by Umberto Lenzi and starring Roger Browne .
The Surveyors ( French : Les arpenteurs ) is a 1972 Swiss drama film directed by Michel Soutter .
The Limey is a 1999 American crime film , directed by Steven Soderbergh and written by Lem Dobbs .
Marudhanaattu Ilavarasi ( Tamil : மருத நாட்டு இளவரசி ) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran and V. N. Janaki in the lead roles and story and dialogues by M. Karunanidhi .
You 'll Find Out is a 1940 American comedy film directed by David Butler and starring Kay Kyser .
Hercules in the Haunted World ( Italian : Ercole al centro della terra ) is a 1961 Italian sword - and - sandal film directed by Mario Bava .
My Golden Days ( French title : Trois souvenirs de ma jeunesse ; also titled My Golden Years ) is a 2015 French drama film directed by Arnaud Desplechin .
The Brothers Solomon is a 2007 American comedy film , starring Will Arnett and Will Forte .
Synecdoche , New York is a 2008 American postmodern drama film written and directed by Charlie Kaufman , and starring Philip Seymour Hoffman .
Raging Fists ( French : La Rage au poing ) is a 1975 French drama film directed by Éric Le Hung .
The Time That Remains is a 2009 semi - biographical drama film written and directed by Palestinian director Elia Suleiman .
Laws of Attraction is a 2004 Irish - British - German romantic comedy film directed by Peter Howitt , based on a story by Aline Brosh McKenna and screenplay by Robert Harling and McKenna .
In Danger and Deep Distress , the Middleway Spells Certain Death ( German : In Gefahr und größter Not bringt der Mittelweg den Tod ) is a 1974 drama film directed by Alexander Kluge and Edgar Reitz .
Love and Death is a 1975 comedy film by Woody Allen .
Land of Silence and Darkness ( German : Land des Schweigens und der Dunkelheit ) is a 1971 documentary film by German director Werner Herzog .
The Great White Trail is a surviving 1917 silent film drama produced and directed by Leopold Wharton and starring Doris Kenyon .
The Woman in the Fifth ( French original title La femme du Vème ) is a 2011 French - British - Polish drama film directed and written by Paweł Pawlikowski .
A Night at Karlstein ( Czech : Noc na Karlštejně ) is a 1974 Czechoslovak musical film directed by Zdeněk Podskalský , based on an 1884 play by Jaroslav Vrchlický .
Map of the Sounds of Tokyo ( Spanish : Mapa de los sonidos de Tokio ) is a 2009 Spanish drama film directed by Isabel Coixet .
Law of Courage ( Italian : Il giudice ragazzino ) is a 1994 Italian drama film directed by Alessandro Di Robilant .
O atsidas ( Greek : Ο ατσίδας ) is a 1962 Greek comedy film directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Dinos Iliopoulos , Zoi Laskari and Vangelis Protopappas .
Sista dansen ( en . The Last Dance ) is a Danish - Norwegian - Swedish 1993 film directed by Colin Nutley .
Silent Tongue is a Western written and directed by Sam Shepard .
Festen ( pronounced ( fɛsd̥ɛ̝n ) ) is a 1998 Danish film , produced by Nimbus Film and directed by Thomas Vinterberg .
Donne con le gonne ( Women in Skirts ) is a 1991 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti .
Adult Beginners is a 2014 American comedy drama film directed by Ross Katz and written by Jeff Cox and Liz Flahire based on a story by Nick Kroll .
Written by Dustin Lance Black , the film focuses on the career of FBI director J. Edgar Hoover from the Palmer Raids onwards .
Rang Birangi is a 1983 Hindi film , based on a story by noted Hindi writer , Kamleshwar , and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee .
Du är inte klok , Madicken is a 1979 Swedish film about the Astrid Lindgren character Madicken , directed by Göran Graffman .
Viennese Girls ( German : Wiener Mädeln ) is a 1945 historical musical film directed by Willi Forst and starring Forst , Anton Edthofer and Judith Holzmeister .
Wilde Salomé is a 2011 American documentary - drama film written , directed by and starring Al Pacino .
Omar Killed Me ( French : Omar m'a tuer ) is a 2011 drama film directed by Roschdy Zem .
Maciste in the Lion 's Cage ( Italian : Maciste nella gabbia dei leoni ) is a 1926 Italian silent adventure film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Bartolomeo Pagano , Elena Sangro and Luigi Serventi .
The Soul Keeper ( Italian : Prendimi l'anima , French : L'âme en jeu ) is a 2002 Italian - French - British romance - drama film directed by Roberto Faenza .
The Ultimate Accessory ( French title : 100 % cachemire ) is a 2013 French comedy film directed by Valérie Lemercier .
Lost in Munich ( Czech : Ztraceni v Mnichově ) is a 2015 Czech comedy film directed by Petr Zelenka .
L'allenatore nel pallone 2 ( also known as Trainer on the Beach 2 ) is an Italian comedy film of 2008 directed by Sergio Martino .
Crooklyn is a 1994 semi - autobiographical film co - written and directed by Spike Lee .
Vaazhthugal ( English : Greetings ) is a 2008 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Seeman of Thambi fame .
Return to Oz is a 1985 fantasy adventure film directed and written by Walter Murch , an editor and sound designer , cowritten by Gill Dennis and produced by Paul Maslansky .
The White Bus is a 1967 short film by British director Lindsay Anderson .
The Heart and the Money ( French : Le Cœur et l'Argent ) is a 1912 film directed by Louis Feuillade and Léonce Perret .
Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American black comedy crime film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino , from a story by Tarantino and Roger Avary .
Series co - creators , Dan Povenmire and Swampy Marsh , wrote the story for `` Flop Starz ; ''
Camera Buff ( Polish : Amator , meaning `` amateur '' ) is a 1979 Polish drama film written and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Jerzy Stuhr .
Story of Women ( French : Une affaire de femmes ) is a 1988 French drama film directed by Claude Chabrol based on the true story of Marie - Louise Giraud , guillotined on July 30 , 1943 , for having performed 27 abortions in the Cherbourg area , and the book by Francis Szpiner .
Hero Hitler in Love ( Punjabi : ਹੀਰੋ ਹਿਟਲਰ ਇਨ ਲਵ ) is a 2011 Punjabi romantic and action film directed by Sukhwant Dhadda with story , screenplay , music & dialogues by Babbu Maan .
John Goldfarb , Please Come Home ! is a 1965 comedy film based on the novel by William Peter Blatty published in 1963 .
The Bride Comes Home is a 1935 comedy film made by Paramount Pictures , directed by Wesley Ruggles , and written by Claude Binyon and Elisabeth Sanxay Holding .
Fun in Acapulco is a 1963 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley and Ursula Andress .
Strella ( Greek : Στρέλλα ; international title : A Woman 's Way ) is a 2009 Greek drama film written and directed by Panos H. Koutras .
The Last Deadly Mission , also known as MR 73 , is a 2008 French film noir written and directed by Olivier Marchal .
The Future of Art is a 2010 documentary film by Erik Niedling and Ingo Niermann .
Rio Sex Comedy is a 2010 comedy film , written and directed by Jonathan Nossiter .
Ordinary Decent Criminal is a 2000 crime comedy film , directed by Thaddeus O'Sullivan , written by Gerard Stembridge , and stars Kevin Spacey and Linda Fiorentino .
The Alien Within is a 1995 horror science fiction film that stars a cast of notable actors including Roddy McDowall , Alex Hyde - White , Melanie Shatner , Don Stroud , and Richard Biggs .
Valentín is a 2002 Argentine - French - Italian drama film written and directed by Alejandro Agresti .
The Royal Tenenbaums is a 2001 American comedy - drama film directed by Wes Anderson and co - written with Owen Wilson .
The Junk Shop ( Czech : Sběrné surovosti ) is a 1965 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Juraj Herz , based on a story by Bohumil Hrabal .
An American Citizen was a 1914 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley .
The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking is a 1988 American fantasy -- adventure -- musical film written and directed by Ken Annakin based on the books of the fictional character Pippi Longstocking , created by children 's book author Astrid Lindgren .
The War You Do n't See is a 2010 British documentary film written , produced and directed by John Pilger with Alan Lowery , which challenges the media for the role they played in the Iraq , Afghanistan , and Israel / Palestine conflicts .
Inglourious Basterds is a 2009 German - American war - thriller film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino and starring Brad Pitt , Mélanie Laurent , Christoph Waltz , Diane Kruger , Michael Fassbender and Eli Roth .
Screenwriter Tom Jankiewicz wrote the initial script for Grosse Pointe Blank in 1991 after receiving an invitation to his 10th high school reunion .
Young & Beautiful ( French : Jeune & Jolie ) is a 2013 French four - season drama film of adolescent sexuality directed by François Ozon and produced by Eric and Nicolas Altmayer .
Judgment at Nuremberg is a 1961 American drama film directed by Stanley Kramer , written by Abby Mann and starring Spencer Tracy , Burt Lancaster , Richard Widmark , Maximilian Schell , Werner Klemperer , Marlene Dietrich , Judy Garland , William Shatner and Montgomery Clift .
D III 88 ( sometimes written as DIII 88 ) is a 1939 German drama film directed by Herbert Maisch and Hans Bertram and starring Christian Kayßler , Otto Wernicke and Heinz Welzel .
The Year My Voice Broke is a 1987 coming of age drama film written and directed by John Duigan and starring Noah Taylor , Loene Carmen , and Ben Mendelsohn .
Cutting It Short ( Czech : Postřižiny ) is a 1980 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel .
`` The Bag or the Bat '' is the pilot episode of the Showtime original series Ray Donovan , and premiered on June 30 , 2013 .
`` Three Minutes '' is the 47th episode of Lost .
`` Hard Ball '' ( also known as `` Negotiation '' ) is the fifteenth episode of NBC 's first season of 30 Rock .
`` In Our Own Image '' is the 26th episode of The Outer Limits television show .
`` Dr. Yap '' is the sixth episode of the second season of the animated comedy series Bob 's Burgers and the overall 19th episode , and is written by Steven Davis and Kelvin Yu and directed by Anthony Chun .
`` The Three Days Rule '' is the 21st episode of the fourth season of the television series How I Met Your Mother and 85th overall .
`` Kicking Bishop Brennan Up the Arse '' is the sixth episode of the third series of the sitcom Father Ted , and the 23rd episode overall .
`` 30 Minutes After Noon '' is the seventh episode of the 1960s Supermarionation television series Thunderbirds .
`` I Dream of Jeannie Cusamano '' is the thirteenth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the finale of the show 's first season .
Paul Clifford is a novel published in 1830 by English author Edward Bulwer - Lytton .
`` Jess - Belle '' is an episode of the American television science fiction & fantasy anthology series The Twilight Zone .
Nine Inches is the eighth novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author , Colin Bateman , released on 13 October 2011 through Headline Publishing Group .
`` The Mutants Are Revolting '' is the twelfth episode of the seventh season of the animated sitcom Futurama and is the 100th episode of the series .
`` The Joker Goes to School '' , a first - season episode of the Batman television series , first aired on ABC March 2 , 1966 as its 15th episode , with an encore telecast occurring on August 10 , 1966 .
`` Live Together , Die Alone '' is the second season finale of the ABC television series Lost , consisting of the 23rd and 24th episodes of the second season .
`` Jakovasaurs '' is the 35th episode of Comedy Central 's animated series South Park .
Dream Cruise is the thirteenth and final episode of the second season ( and of the whole TV series ) of Masters of Horror , directed by Norio Tsuruta .
`` Roads to Vegas '' is the twenty - first episode of the eleventh season and the 209th overall episode of Family Guy .
`` Peter 's Daughter '' is the seventh episode of the sixth season of Family Guy and originally aired November 25 , 2007 .
`` The Doctor 's Wife '' is the fourth episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was broadcast on 14 May 2011 in the United Kingdom , and later the same day in the United States .
Sufferin ' Cats ! , a 1943 American one - reel animated cartoon , is the 9th Tom and Jerry episode released .
A spin - off from the Age of Empires series , Age of Mythology takes inspiration from the myths and legends of the Greeks , Egyptians , and Norse , rather than from actual history .
`` G - String Circus '' is the eighth episode of the sixth season of American Dad ! , an episode produced for Season 5 .
Hush , Hush was followed by three books , Crescendo , Silence , and Finale .
`` The Wedding Bride '' is the 23rd episode of the fifth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and is the 111th episode overall .
`` Out of Sight , Out of Mind '' was the 101st episode of the M*A*S*H television series , and the fourth episode of the fifth season .
The Saint 's Lady is an unpublished novel by Joy Martin featuring the character of criminal - turned - detective Simon Templar ( alias `` The Saint '' ) who had been created by Leslie Charteris in 1928 .
The Mystery of the Missing Man , published 1956 , is the thirteenth novel in the `` Five Find - Outers '' written by Enid Blyton .
`` Night of the Meek '' is the first segment of the thirteenth episode from the first season ( 1985 - -86 ) from the television series The Twilight Zone .
`` Anna Howard Shaw Day '' is the thirteenth episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 71st episode of the series overall .
`` The Fall Issue '' is the 24th episode in the third season , the 65th episode overall and the third season finale of the American dramedy series Ugly Betty , which aired on May 21 , 2009 .
`` Emanuelle Goes to Dinosaur Land '' is the twenty - first episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 79th overall episode of the series .
The Nikon Coolpix 995 was announced on April 25 , 2001 to supersede the Coolpix 990 in the Nikon Coolpix series .
`` Le Petit Tourette '' ( French pronunciation : ​(lə pə.ti tuʁɛt ) ; meaning `` The Little Tourette '' ) is the eighth episode of the eleventh season of the animated television series South Park , and the 161st episode overall .
Song of the Younger World is the first segment of the thirty - fifth episode ( the twentieth episode of the second season ( 1986 - -87 ) of the television series The Twilight Zone .
`` Get It Done '' is the 15th episode of seventh and final season of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
Swords Against the Shadowland is a fantasy novel by Robin Wayne Bailey featuring Fritz Leiber 's sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser .
`` Mr. Griffin Goes to Washington '' is the third episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Family Guy , even though it was produced for season 2 .
Incident On and Off a Mountain Road is the premiere episode of the first season of Masters of Horror , directed by Don Coscarelli .
`` Enemy on the Hill '' is the fourth episode in the ninth season of the police procedural drama , NCIS , and the 190th episode overall .
The Bonehunters is the sixth volume in Canadian author Steven Erikson 's epic fantasy series , the Malazan Book of the Fallen .
`` Blue Harvest '' is the hour - long premiere of the sixth season of the Fox animated comedy series Family Guy and the first part of the series ' trilogy Laugh It Up , Fuzzball .
The Pnume is the final science fiction adventure novel in the tetralogy Tschai , Planet of Adventure .
Who Could That Be at This Hour ? is the first novel of the children 's novel series All the Wrong Questions by Lemony Snicket , a series set before the events of A Series of Unfortunate Events .
`` Three Days of Snow '' is the 13th episode in the fourth season of the television series How I Met Your Mother and 77th overall .
Le Ventre de Paris ( lə vɑ̃tʁ də paʁi ) ( 1873 ) is the third novel in Émile Zola 's twenty - volume series Les Rougon - Macquart .
River of Blue Fire is the second book in Tad Williams ' acclaimed Otherland Series .
The Surgeon 's Mate is the seventh historical novel in the Aubrey-- Maturin series written by Patrick O'Brian , first published in 1980 .
`` Sexy Package '' is the fourth episode of the first season in the Swift and Shift Couriers Series .
`` Greatness Achieved '' is the 66th episode of the American television series Prison Break and was broadcast on November 3 , 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network .
Arthas Menethil is a fictional character who appears in the Warcraft series of video games by Blizzard Entertainment .
The Škoda Felicia , ( Typ 791 ) was a supermini car produced by the Czech automaker Škoda Auto from 1994 to 2001 .
The Fiat Linea ( Type 323 ) is a compact car released on March 26 , 2007 at the Tofaş plant in Bursa , Turkey , by the Italian automaker Fiat as a world car in developing countries .
The Phoenix Unchained is the first book of Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory 's The Enduring Flame Trilogy .
One False Note is the second book in The 39 Clues series .
The Golden Eggs is the nineteenth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult British spy - fi television series The Avengers , starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman .
Vaillante is featured in the French comic book series Michel Vaillant .
Denver Doll was the first complete American female detective novel .
Ariel Ramos Wilson ( born April 14 , 1971 in Havana , Ciudad de la Habana ) is a retired male wrestler from Cuba , who competed in the freestyle competition during his career .
Shelley Beattie ( August 24 , 1967 -- February 16 , 2008 ) was a professional female bodybuilder and actress .
Ivana Lisjak ( born March 17 , 1987 ) is a female tennis player from Croatia .
Idde Schultz , Eva Ann - Ida Schultz , born 1 September 1963 in Stockholm , Sweden is a Swedish female singer and guitarist .
Bethania Almánzar Sosa ( born February 11 , 1987 in Bonao ) is a female beach volleyball and volleyball player from the Dominican Republic .
Lang Yinglai ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a female Chinese former middle distance runner .
Julia Degan ( born 19 January 1981 ) is a female Australian long - distance runner .
Hsu Yu - fang ( 許玉芳 ; born 2 February 1974 ) is a female Taiwanese long - distance runner .
Jūratė Ladavičiūtė ( born February 19 , 1985 ) is a female freestyle swimmer from Lithuania , and the youngest member ( 15 years , 207 days ) of the national squad competing at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Melbourne University Football Club , often known simply as University , is an Australian rules football club .
The 2013 FINA Men 's Water Polo World League is played between November 2012 and June 2013 and open to all men 's water polo national teams .
The 1990 Major League Baseball lockout was the seventh work stoppage in baseball since 1972 .
Olympic women 's ice hockey champion Cassie Campbell joined Hockey Night in Canada in 2006 as a rinkside reporter , becoming ( on October 14 , 2006 ) the first woman to do colour commentary on a Hockey Night in Canada broadcast .
The Kilkenny County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association ( Kilkenny GAA ) ( Irish : Cumann Lúthchleas Gael Coiste Cill Chainnigh ) is one of the 32 county boards of the GAA in Ireland and is responsible for Gaelic Games in County Kilkenny .
Gareth Anscombe is a Wales international rugby union player .
Benjamín Urdapilleta ( born March 11 , 1986 , in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine rugby union footballer .
Ulf Stenlund ( born 21 January 1967 in Falun ) is a former tennis player from Sweden , who won one single ( 1986 , Palermo ) and one doubles ( 1987 , Bari ) title during his professional career .
Jason Conley ( born July 21 , 1981 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Helsinki Seagulls in Finland .
Metallurg Magnitogorsk ( Russian : Металлург Магнитогорск ) is a professional ice hockey team based in Magnitogorsk , Chelyabinsk Oblast , Russia .
Mycoplasma is a genus of bacteria that lack a cell wall around their cell membrane .
Mordellistena minutuloides is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus and is in the Mordellidae family , which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily .
Lilium humboldtii ( Humboldt 's lily ) is a species of lily native to the US State of California and the Mexican State of Baja California .
Eragrostis is large and widespread genus of plants in the grass family , found in many countries on all inhabited continents and many islands .
Orthetrum trinacria , the Long Skimmer , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Homonopsis foederatana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae .
Uropeltis myhendrae , commonly known as Boulenger 's earth snake or the Myhendra Mountain Uropeltis , is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae .
Gracillarioidea is a large superfamily containing four families of insects in the order Lepidoptera .
Acaciella is a Neotropical genus of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae , and its subfamily Mimosoideae .
Penicillium bovifimosum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from dry cow manure in Wyoming in the USA .
Heterastridium is a genus of fossil marine Hydrozoan from the Upper Triassic .
Vitis berlandieri is a species of grape native to the southern North America , primarily Texas , New Mexico and Arkansas .
Ceratias is a small genus of seadevils .
Jungermanniales is the largest order of liverworts .
Santiria apiculata is a species of plant in the Burseraceae family .
Ichthyophonida is an order of parasitic protists .
Cotinis aliena ( also Keys Green June Beetle ) is a species of Cotinis found in the Florida Keys .
Huebneria affinis is a Palaearctic species of tachinid flies in the genus Huebneria of the family Tachinidae .
Diploschizia impigritella , known commonly as the Yellow nutsedge moth or the Five - barred glyphipterid moth , is a species of sedge moths in the genus Diploschizia .
Roeboides is a genus of characins from Central and South America .
The Caridea , commonly known as caridean shrimp , are an infraorder of shrimp within the order Decapoda .
Ransoniella erminea is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Azara 's agouti ( Dasyprocta azarae ) is a South American agouti species from the family Dasyproctidae .
Erica cinerea ( bell heather , or heather - bell ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae , native to western and central Europe .
Olrog 's four - eyed opossum ( Philander olrogi ) is a South American species of opossum found in eastern Bolivia , first described in 2008 based on specimens collected in 1974 .
Eriogonum trichopes is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name little desert trumpet .
Eviota melasma , commonly called headspot eviota or melasma pygmy goby among various other vernacular names , is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae .
Camponotus niveosetosus , commonly known as the hairy sugar ant , is one of the smaller species of sugar ant .
Neoclinus nudus is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around Okinawa Island , Japan , and Taiwan , in the northwest Pacific ocean .
Cycas taitungensis is a species of genus Cycas , native to Taitung County , south - eastern Taiwan and also to Fujian .
Epipactis helleborine , the broad - leaved helleborine , is a terrestrial species of orchid .
Cardiodictyon is a genus of lobopodian known from the Chengjiang Lagerstätten .
Alomia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae , described as a genus in 1818 .
Lycopodium lagopus ( One - cone club - moss ) is an arctic and subarctic species of plants in the genus Lycopodium in the clubmoss family .
Dytiscus caraboides is a species of beetle from the Dytiscidae family .
Crocodylus falconensis is an extinct species of crocodile known from the early Pliocene of the lower part of the Vergel Member of the San Gregorio Formation of Venezuela .
Pycnoclavella diminuta , common names white - spotted sea squirt , white - spot ascidian , and white - spotted ascidian is a species of tunicate ( sea squirt ) , in the genus Pycnoclavella .
The tropical grass species Pennisetum clandestinum is known by several common names , most often kikuyu grass , as it is native to the region of East Africa that is home to the Gĩkũyũ tribe .
Myriophyllum simulans is a species of water milfoil native to southeastern Australia where it grows in aquatic habitat such as ponds and streams , as well as muddy or swampy soil .
The Polyporaceae are a family of bracket fungi belonging to the Basidiomycota .
Libythea cinyras was a species of butterfly in the nymphalid Libytheinae subfamily .
Hemilepistus reaumuri is a species of woodlouse that lives in and around the deserts of North Africa and the Middle East , `` the driest habitat conquered by any species of crustacean '' .
Ixinandria steinbachi is the only species in the genus Ixinandria of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Loricariidae .
Berberis arguta is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1908 , having been first described in 1886 at the `` forma '' level .
Achatinella pupukanioe is a species of land snail , a gastropod in the Achatinellidae family .
Boltonia diffusa ( smallhead doll 's daisy ) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
The jewelled blenny , Salarias fasciatus , is a popular marine aquarium fish species in Australasia .
The Cichlinae are a subfamily of South American fishes in the cichlid family .
It was described by Chrétien in 1911 , and contains the species Polyochodes stipella .
Cryobatrachus ( from Greek , κρύος ( krýos , `` cold '' ) and βάτραχος ( batrakhos , `` frog '' ) ) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Antarctica .
Heteropyxis is a genus which includes three species of small evergreen trees .
Picea critchfieldii , the Critchfield 's spruce , is a species of spruce that went extinct in the Late Quaternary extinction event .
Anacamptis coriophora ( Bug Orchid ) is a species of orchid .
Gratiana boliviana is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family , Chrysomelidae .
Scaphyglottis reflexa is a species of orchid occurring from Grenada to Central America and tropical South America .
Hymenoxys helenioides is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Intermountain rubberweed .
Rubus nigerrimus is rare North American species of brambles in the rose family .
The fish family Psychrolutidae contains the fatheads or fathead sculpins , including the blobfishes .
Embolomeri is a suborder of Reptiliomorpha .
Heteractis malu , also known as the malu anemone , delicate sea anemone or white sand anemone , is a species of sea anemone in the family Stichodactylidae .
Megachile mystaceana , the Fire - tailed Resin Bee , is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae .
Zabrus guildensis is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Polysitus subgenus that is endemic to Morocco .
Trimeresurus brongersmai is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Indonesia on the island of Simalur .
Marsupidium epiphytum is a liverwort species in the genus Marsupidium from the New Zealand .
Aseroe coccinea is a species of stinkhorn fungus in the genus Aseroe .
Rosevear 's lemniscomys or Rosevear 's striped grass mouse ( Lemniscomys roseveari ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Lipographis umbrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Lipographis .
Trematosaurus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian found in Germany and Russia .
Sinorhizobium americanum is a bacterium first isolated from root nodules of Acacia species native of Mexico .
Silvanerpeton is an extinct genus of early reptiliomorph found in East Kirkton Quarry of West Lothian , Scotland , in a sequence from the Brigantian substage of the Viséan ( Lower Carboniferous ) .
Triplosarus novaezelandiae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Triplosarus .
Alpinia zerumbet , commonly known as shell ginger , is a perennial species of ginger native to East Asia .
Chapalmalania is an extinct procyonid genus from the Pliocene of South America , which lived from 5.3 to 1.8 million years ago .
Afrotyphlops schlegelii , commonly known as Schlegel 's beaked blind snake or Schlegel 's giant blind snake , is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family .
Alopecosa ovalis is a species of wolf spider found in Inner Mongolia in the People 's Republic of China .
Trichocentrum , often abbreviated Trctm in horticulture , is a genus in the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Rhinella icterica ( common name : yellow cururu toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is found in northeastern Argentina ( Misiones Province ) , southern Brazil , and eastern Paraguay .
Lobochilotes labiatus is a species of fish endemic to Lake Tanganyika .
Hydroscapha is a genus of beetles endemic to Europe and the United States .
Ficimia is a genus of colubrid snakes commonly known as hooknose snakes or hook - nosed snakes , which are endemic to North America .
Clionella sinuata , common name the ribbed turrid , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae .
Eccremocarpus scaber , the Chilean glory - flower , is a species of perennial plant in the Bignoniaceae family .
Schiedea haleakalensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Haleakalā schiedea .
Xenostylus sublineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Xenostylus .
Accuminulia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae .
Orthodontopsis bardunovii is a species of moss in the family Orthodontiaceae .
Pectinatus is a genus of Firmicutes bacteria classified within the class Negativicutes .
Bulbophyllum absconditum , known as the ' Hidden Bulbophyllum , is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum .
Milichiidae are a family of flies .
Cirsonella microscopia is a species of extremely small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Skeneidae .
As the physiological and anatomical difference between the two was so great , the subclass Archaeornithes was erected for the latter .
Dolabella auricularia , common name the `` wedge sea hare '' or `` Donsol '' in the Philippines , is a species of large sea slug , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae , the sea hares .
Stanhopea costaricensis is a species of orchid endemic to Central America ( Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua and Panama ) .
Dentectus barbarmatus is the only species of the monotypic genus Dentectus , a genus of armored catfish .
The Golden Yellow - flowered Dendrobium ( Dendrobium chrysanthum ) is a species of orchid .
Gagea divaricata is an Asian species of plants in the lily family , native to Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Uzbekistan , and Xinjiang Province of western China .
Diplogasterida was formerly an order of nematodes .
Viola alba ( commonly known as white violet ) is a species of violet in the family Violaceae .
Episoriculus is a genus of shrew in the red - toothed shrew subfamily .
Ictiocyon is an extinct genus of large , mostly carnivorous bone - crushing mammals known as bear dogs , of the family Amphicyonidae endemic to Asia during the Miocene living from 23.03 - -15.97 Ma and existed for approximately 7.06 million years .
The American cheetah ( Miracinonyx ) is an extinct genus of at least two feline species , which were endemic to North America during the Pleistocene epoch ( 2.6 Ma -- 12,000 years ago ) and morphologically similar to the modern cheetah .
It contains only one species , Delairea odorata , which was previously included in the genus Senecio as Senecio mikanioides , and is known as Cape ivy in some parts of the world and German ivy in others .
Deinacrida elegans is a species of weta in family Anostostomatidae .
Babesia ( also called Nuttallia ) is a genus of protozoan apicomplexan piroplasms which was discovered by the Romanian bacteriologist Victor Babeș , that infect the blood and cause a parasitic , hemolytic disease known as babesiosis .
Lascoria aon is a species of litter moth of the Erebidae family ..
Hackelia velutina is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name velvet stickseed .
Wendlandia exserta ( Ukan Pansara in Pakistan ) , ( Simtaaraa in Nepal ) is an evergreen tree species in the Rubiaceae family .
Conophytum is a genus of South African and Namibian succulent plants that belong to the Aizoaceae family .
Allium maximowiczii is an Asian plant species native to Siberia , the Russian Far East , Mongolia , Japan , Korea and northeastern China ( Heilongjiang , Jilin and Inner Mongolia ) .
Poecilocapsus lineatus also known as Fourlined Plant Bug , is a species of bugs from Miridae family that are native to the United States .
Lygosoma singha ( Sri Lankan supple skink or Taylor 's skink ) is a species of skink endemic to island of Sri Lanka .
Abactochromis is a monotypic genus of cichlid fish containing the single species Abactochromis labrosus ( formerly known as Melanochromis labrosus ) .
The Eurybrachidae ( sometimes spelled `` Eurybrachyidae '' or `` Eurybrachiidae '' ) are a small family of planthoppers with species occurring in parts of Asia , Australia and Africa .
Argyrotaenia ivana , the Ivana Leafroller Moth , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
The shah kuli ( Alburnus sellal ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Alburnus .
Aplexa rivalis is a species of small air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae , a family which are sometimes known as the bladder snails .
Stenoseris is a genus of Asian plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Trimeresurus macrops is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Southeast Asia .
Crataegus anamesa , the Fort Bend Hawthorn , is a species of hawthorn that is endemic to Texas , in North America .
Ernolytis chlorospora is a species of sedge moths , and the only species in the genus Ernolytis .
Haplopelma is a genus of old - world tarantula found in Southeast Asia .
Labrisomus nuchipinnis , the hairy blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic Ocean from the coast of the Americas to the African coast .
Phlaocyon yatkolai is an extinct species of canid mammal known from the early Hemingfordian ( 20.4 to 16 million years ago ) Runningwater Formation , Box Butte County , Nebraska ( 42.2 ° N 103.1 ° W , paleocoordinates 42.9 ° N 99.2 ° W ) .
Dimocarpus australianus also known as Australian Native Lychee , is a species of trees , closely related to the longan , constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae .
Dwardius is an extinct genus of otodontid sharks which existed during the Cretaceous period in what is now Australia , England , France , and India .
Theloderma corticale ( common names : mossy frog , Vietnamese mossy frog , and Tonkin bug - eyed frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Tyrannomyrmex is a rare tropical genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Erythroxylum ecarinatuma is a Southwest Pacific and Australian species of Erythroxylum .
Menura tyawanoides is an extinct species of lyrebird from the Early Miocene of Australia .
Sutilizona tunnicliffae is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Sutilizonidae .
Megacephala helmsi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Blackburn in 1892 , and is endemic to Australia .
Argonauta absyrtus is an extinct species of octopus assigned to the genus Argonauta .
Euphorbia helioscopia ( sun spurge ) is a species of spurge native to most of Europe , northern Africa , and eastward through most of Asia .
Symmoriida is an extinct order of sharks that contains three families .
Xenurobrycon polyancistrus is a freshwater fish , the smallest species of characin in its family and order .
Cycas brunnea is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas , native to northern Australia in northwest Queensland and northeast Northern Territory in a small area straddling the border of the two regions .
The Anelloviridae are a recently discovered family of viruses .
Iglica kleinzellensis is a species of very small or minute freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Dichochrysa is a genus of green lacewings .
Sphaleroptera alpicolana is a moth species belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae .
Scorpaena papillosa , common name red rock cod is a venomous species of marine fish in the family Scorpaenidae , the `` scorpionfish '' .
Myxopappus is a genus of South African flowering plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family .
Papilio lamarchei is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found from Argentina to Bolivia .
Desulfovibrio is a genus of Gram - negative sulfate - reducing bacteria .
Cancer johngarthi is a species of crab that lives in the eastern Pacific Ocean from Mexico to Panama .
Agonum chalconotum is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily , that can be found in Great Britain , Latvia , Russia , and Near East .
Penicillium cainii is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in Korea .
It is a monotypic genus , and contains the single species Mycoalvimia theobromicola , found in Brazil .
Syrnola tincta , common name the dyed pyramid shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Sorbus khumbuensis is a species of Rowan in the Sorbus microphylla aggregate with crimson fruits , turning white .
Paranephrops is a genus of freshwater crayfish species endemic to New Zealand .
Myrothecium verrucaria is a species of fungus in the order Hypocreales .
Kryptopterus cryptopterus ( blue sheatfish ) is a species of catfish , the type species of the genus Kryptopterus .
Heliopithecus is an extinct genus of primates that existed 16 million years ago during the Miocene epoch .
Acromantis siporana , common name Mentawai mantis , is a species of praying mantis found in Sumatra and on the Mentawai Islands .
Termitomyces bulborhizus species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae .
Apomastus schlingeri ( misnomer Aptostichus schlingeri ) is a species of venomous spiders belonging to a family of trapdoor spiders .
Myoporum sandwicense , commonly known as naio , bastard sandalwood or false sandalwood is a species of flowering in the figwort family , Scrophulariaceae .
Lasiognathus beebei is a species of wolftrap angler known from around the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean and from around Madeira and Bermuda in the Atlantic .
Peltospira delicata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Peltospiridae .
Ecsenius melarchus , known commonly as the Yellow - eyed comb - tooth or the Java combtooth - blenny in Indonesia , is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius .
Brickellia conduplicata ( southwestern brickellbush ) is a Mexican species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Castilleja septentrionalis is a species of Indian paintbrush known by several different common names , including pale painted cup ( in New Hampshire and Vermont ) , northern painted cup ( in Maine ) , pale Indian paintbrush ( in Michigan ) , and Labrador Indian paintbrush .
Sclerococcus is a weevil genus in the tribe Tropiphorini .
Urceola micrantha is a plant species in the genus Urceola .
Cryptostephanus is a genus of African plants in the Amaryllis family , native to Kenya , Tanzania , Angola , Mozambique , Zimbabwe and Namibia .
Achatina fulica is a species of land snail in the family Achatinidae , known commonly as the giant African snail or giant African land snail .
Matelea parvifolia is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family known by the common names spearleaf and talayote .
Dysdera armenica is a spider species found in Armenia and Georgia .
Monomorium santschii is a species of ant that is native to Tunisia .
Dendrodoris guttata is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dendrodorididae .
Poecilia wingei is a very colorful guppy species , similar to the Fancy guppy often found in pet shops .
Tetramorium parasiticum is a species of ant in the genus Tetramorium .
Anacolosa densiflora , or commonly known as Malamkara , or Kaidi in Malayalam , is a species of plant in the Olacaceae family .
Euglossa bidentata is a Euglossine bee species found in the Amazon rainforest .
Quercus galeanensis is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family endemic to Mexico and threatened by habitat loss .
Banksia oligantha , commonly known as Wagin Banksia , is an endangered species in the plant family Proteaceae endemic to south west Western Australia .
The anatipes robber frog , scientific name Strabomantis anatipes , is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Carpolestes is a genus of extinct primate - like mammals from the late Paleocene of North America .
Mastigopsis is a genus of whip - lash squid containing one single species .
Fungia scruposa is a species of coral that is the first to have been observed to eat jellyfish .
The Motacillidae are a family of small passerine birds with medium to long tails .
Bocatherium is a genus of tritylodont therapsid from the Pliensbachian ( Early Jurassic ) of Tamaulipas , Mexico .
Ferula hermonis is a Middle Eastern species of plants in the carrot family native to Syria , Israel , and Lebanon .
The Chenopodiaceae are a family of flowering plants , also called the goosefoot family .
Rhyssomatus lineaticollis ( milkweed stem weevil ) is a species of weevil whose adults feed on the stems of the common milkweed , Asclepias syriaca .
Dendropsophus rhodopeplus ( common name : red - skirted treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Karyolysus is a genus of coccidia .
Paroxyopsis is a genus consisting of a single species of mantis in the subfamily Stagmatopterinae .
Townsendia leptotes is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names common Townsend daisy and slender townsendia .
Ardisia humilis is a species of Ardisia in the family Primulaceae , native to southeastern Asia in southern China ( Guangdong , Hainan ) , the Philippines , and Vietnam .
Pseudozonaria nigropunctata , common name the black - spotted cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Pedicularis contorta is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common names coiled lousewort and curved - beak lousewort .
Zygaena punctum is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family .
It was described by Walker in 1866 , and contains the single species Paelia lunuligera .
Psoroptidia is a suborder of the Acari ( mite ) group Astigmatina .
Brookula benthicola is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea .
The Pacific pygmy owl ( Glaucidium peruanum ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
Ampharetidae are a family of terebellid `` bristle worm '' ( class Polychaeta ) .
Gagea minima is a Eurasian species of plants in the lily family .
Ranunculus aquatilis ( common water - crowfoot , white water - crowfoot ) is a plant species of the genus Ranunculus , native throughout most of Europe and western North America , and also northwest Africa .
Streptomyces aureus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the United Kingdom .
Alsodes tumultuosus is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family .
Hedyotis lessertiana is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family , endemic to Sri Lanka .
Castianeirinae is a subfamily of corinnid sac spider .
Tsuga dumosa , commonly called the Himalayan hemlock or in Chinese , Yunnan tieshan ( simplified Chinese : 云南铁杉 ; traditional Chinese : 雲南鐵杉 ; pinyin : Yúnnán tiěshān ) , is a species of conifer native to the eastern Himalayas .
Triodoclytus lanifer is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Triodoclytus .
Diorhabda carinata is a species of leaf beetle known as the larger tamarisk beetle ( larger tamarisk beetle ) which feeds on tamarisk trees from Ukraine , eastern Turkey and Syria east to northwest China , Kyrgyzstan and Pakistan , extending as far south as southern Iran .
Hymenoxys subintegra is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Arizona rubberweed .
Monacanthus chinensis , commonly known as the fan - bellied leatherjacket or fantail leatherjacket , is a species of filefish native to the western Pacific Ocean and the eastern Indian Ocean where it is found on reefs and soft sediments at shallow depths .
Palaeotringa is a prehistoric bird genus that was discovered by O. C. Marsh during the bone wars .
Hyracodontidae is an extinct family of rhinoceroses endemic to North America , Europe , and Asia during the Eocene through early Miocene living from 55.8 - -20 mya , existing for approximately 35.8 million years .
Lissotesta ambigua is a species of very small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc , unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea .
Trianthema portulacastrum is a species of flowering plant in the ice plant family known by the common names desert horsepurslane , black pigweed , and giant pigweed .
Omphalotropis carolinensis is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum , an terrestrial gastropod mollusk , or micromollusk , in the family Assimineidae .
Cerobasis harteni is a species of Psocoptera from Trogiidae family that can be found in Azores and North Africa .
Takhtajania is a genus of flowering plants of the family Winteraceae , which contains a single species , Takhtajania perrieri .
Thapsia villosa , commonly known as the villous deadly carrot , is a species of poisonous herbaceous plants in the genus Thapsia .
Citrus indica is a species of Citrus known by the common name Indian wild orange .
Synodontis katangae is a species of upside - down catfish native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia where it is found in the Congo Basin .
Conus hieroglyphus , common name the hieroglyphic cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Castniidae , or castniid moths , is a small family of moths with fewer than 200 species :
Stygopholcus absoloni is a cellar spider species found in Croatia and Bosnia - Hercegovina .
Bhutanitis is a genus of swallowtail butterflies that contains four species .
Elphidium williamsoni is a species of foraminifera belonging to the family Elphidiidae .
Smilax maritima is a North American species of plants native to the southeastern United States from Texas to North Carolina .
The Bougainville crow ( Corvus meeki ) is a species of bird in the crow family Corvidae .
Agaricus aurantioviolaceus is an species of fungus in the genus Agaricus .
Eucalyptus ochrophloia , commonly known as the yapunyah , is a species of eucalypt native to inland New South Wales and Queensland in eastern Australia .
Mordella fairmairei is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family , which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily .
Argiolestinae is a subfamily of damselflies .
Borophagus dudleyi ( `` devouring glutton '' ) is an extinct species of the genus Borophagus of the subfamily Borophaginae , a group of canids endemic to North America from the late Hemphillian of the Miocene epoch ( 10.3 Mya ) through the Pliocene epoch ( 4.9 Mya ) .
Piperia leptopetala is a species of orchid known by the common names narrow - petal rein orchid and lacy rein orchid .
Patera clarki , the dwarf proud globe , is a species of land snail in the family Polygyridae .
Stachybotrys ( Stak - ē - bot′ris ) is a genus of molds , hyphomycetes or asexually reproducing , filamentous fungi .
Macropidia fuliginosa , the sole species of genus Macropidia , is a perennial rhizomatous flowering plant .
Poblana squamata , the Quechulac silverside , is a species of neotropical silverside endemic to Mexico .
Epialtinae is a subfamily of crabs , containing the following genera :
Brassia cochleata is an epiphytic species of orchid .
Carabus italicus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in Italy , Slovenia , and Switzerland .
Clarias nigricans is a species of clariid catfish .
Oxydoras kneri is a species of thorny catfish found in the Paraná River basin in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Paraguay and Uruguay .
Barbus brachygramma ( or the linespotted ufipa barb ) is a rare species African freshwater cyprinid fish .
Tetraodon erythrotaenia , or the Red - striped toadfish , is a species of pufferfish native to Indonesia and Papua New Guinea where it is found most often in brackish water environments .
Anomalochelys is an extinct genus of land turtle from the Upper Cretaceous of Hokkaido , Japan .
Glyptaesopus is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae
Cyrtinoopsis intensa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cyrtinoopsis .
The African firefinch ( Lagonosticta rubricata ) , also called the blue - billed firefinch due to the color of its bill , is a common species of estrildid finch found in almost all parts of Africa .
Fragaria daltoniana is a species of strawberry native to the Himalayas .
Sinodytes hubbardi is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Sinodytes .
Rosa villosa , the apple rose , is a species of rose .
Tectocoris lineola , the Jewel Bug or Harlequin Bug , is a species of shield - backed bugs belonging to the family Scutelleridae .
Crassicorophium bonellii is a species of amphipod crustacean in the genus Crassicorophium .
Turbo cidaris , common name the crown turban , is a species of sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae .
Gunda subnotata is a species of moth in the family Bombycidae .
Acupicta is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . The members ( species ) are found in the Indomalaya ecozone and the Australasian ecozone .
Janthina janthina , common name the common purple snail , is a species of holoplanktonic sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Janthinidae , the violet snails or purple storm snails .
Tachyrhynchus erosus , common name the eroded turretsnail , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae .
Kyranycha fraudatrix is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Kyranycha .
Burkholderia cenocepacia is a species of Gram - negative bacteria that is common in the environment and may cause disease in plants .
Epilobium clavatum is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names Talus Willowherb and Clavatefruit Willowherb .
Nebria elegans is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Uttar Pradesh province of India .
The Rodrigues blue pigeon ( Alectroenas payandeei ) is an extinct species of blue pigeon which was endemic to Rodrigues .
Trichonotus is a genus of marine perciform fishes .
The Somuncura frog or El Rincon stream frog ( Pleurodema somuncurense , in Spanish rana de Somuncura ) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family .
Eriphioidea is a superfamily of crabs , containing the six families Dairoididae , Eriphiidae , Hypothalassiidae , Menippidae , Oziidae and Platyxanthidae .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Anzina carneonivea .
Nebalia bipes is a species of leptostracan crustacean , and the first species in the order to have been described ( in 1780 , under the name Cancer bipes ) .
Stigmatochromis woodi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it can be found hunting for prey over sandy areas .
The one species in this genus , Samburupithecus kiptalami , is known only from a maxilla fragment dated to 9.5 million years ago discovered in 1982 and formally described by Ishida & Pickford 1997 .
Liaoxisaurus is a genus of simodeosaurid choristodere , a type of crocodile - like aquatic reptile .
Macropsobrycon is a genus of characins from eastern South America .
Blenniella caudolineata , the Blue - spotted blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific ocean .
Ficus hispida is a small but well distributed species of tropical fig tree .
Horalabiosa arunachalami is a species of fish that was described by J.A. Johnson and Soranam ( 2001 ) .
Gorgasia is a genus of garden eels in the family Congridae .
Metatrichoniscoides fouresi is a species of woodlouse in the family Trichoniscidae that is found in France .
Lecocarpus is a plant genus in the sunflower family , native to Galápagos Islands , part of Ecuador .
Dictyospermum is a genus of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family , first described in 1849 .
Grammatorcynus is a genus of ray - finned bony fish in the family Scombridae .
This genus is currently the only one assigned to the family Glaucosomatidae .
Odostomia is the most speciose genus of minute sea snails , pyramidellid gastropod mollusks .
The Andean small - eared shrew ( Cryptotis avia ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Alsodes igneus is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family endemic to Chile ; it is only known from its type locality , the Tolhuaca National Park , Malleco Province , on the western slopes of the Andes .
Salvia chamelaeagnea is a species of flowering plant in genus Salvia , known as sages .
Metacrinus is a genus of stalked crinoids in the family Isselicrinidae .
Papaver commutatum is a species of flowering plant in the family Papaveraceae native to northern Turkey , northwestern Iran and the Caucasus .
Chungkingosaurus , meaning `` Chongqing Lizard '' , is a genus of herbivorous dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Upper Shaximiao Formation in what is now China .
Metylophorus nebulosus is a species of Psocoptera from Mesopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland .
Allium dictuon is a species of wild onion known by the common name Blue Mountain onion .
Pyrgomantis signatifrons is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River area .
Celestus microblepharis is a species of lizard in the Anguidae family .
Stanhopea stevensonii is a species of orchid endemic to Colombia ( Meta ) .
Tupandactylus ( meaning `` Tupan finger '' , in reference to the Tupi thunder god ) is a genus of tapejarid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Early Cretaceous Crato Formation of Brazil .
Lycodon flavomaculatus , commonly called the yellow - spotted wolf snake , is a species of colubrid snake found in the Western Ghats of India .
Collaria is a genus of Amoebozoa in the family Stemonitidaceae .
Blechnum procerum , commonly known as mountain kiokio or small kiokio , is a species of fern found in New Zealand .
Cirripectes variolosus , the red - speckled blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific ocean .
Ophthalmoptera longipennis is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Ophthalmoptera of the family Ulidiidae .
Miltonia moreliana is a species of orchid occurring in Brazil ( southeastern Bahia to northern Espírito Santo ) .
The Danaini are a tribe of brush - footed butterflies ( family Nymphalidae ) .
Dosinia anus , common name the ringed dosinia , is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae , the venus clams .
Aenictus fergusoni is a species of reddish brown army ant found in Bangladesh , India , Myanmar , Nicobar Islands , Thailand , Vietnam , and China .
Dasysyrphus pauxillus is a North American and European species of hoverfly .
Weinmannia spiraeoides was a species of plant in the Cunoniaceae family .
Lambdoceras is an extinct genus of Protoceratidae belonging to the order Artiodactyla ( subfamily Synthetoceratinae ) endemic to North America during the Miocene , living epoch 20.6 - -13.6 Ma , existing for approximately 7 million years .
Gecatogomphius is an extinct genus of Middle Permian captorinid with multiple tooth rows known from the Kirov Oblast and the Republic of Tatarstan of Russia .
The Caatinga cacholote ( Pseudoseisura cristata ) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family .
Resupinatus applicatus , commonly known as the smoked oysterling or the black jelly oyster , is a species of fungus in the family Tricholomataceae , and the type species of the genus Resupinatus .
Strumaria barbarae is a species of plant that is native to Namibia and to Cape Province in South Africa .
Sarcodon squamosus is a species of fungus in the genus Sarcodon .
Lithodes galapagensis is a species of king crab identified in 2009 which lives around the Galapagos Islands , in warm water .
The Thick - spurred Bulbophyllum ( Bulbophyllum crassipes ) is a species of orchid .
Limnocyon is a genus of hyaenodontid creodont that lived in North America during the middle Eocene , existing for approximately 10 million years .
Burnupia crassistriata is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet , an aquatic gastropod mollusk which was traditionally placed in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails and their allies .
Trochidrobia is a genus of very small freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Tateidae .
Tetheamyrma is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Tetheamyrma subspongia .
Trichostema austromontanum is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name San Jacinto bluecurls .
Pitcairnia spectabilis is a species in the genus Pitcairnia .
Fusiturris similis is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae .
Polypterus congicus , the Congo bichir , is a species of bichir with a maximum recorded size of 970 mm ( 39 `` ) .
Guancha philippina is a species of calcareous sponge from the Philippines .
Brevicipitidae or rain frogs is a small family of frogs , which as of November 2013 contains 34 species in 5 genera .
Mertensophryne lindneri ( common names : Dar es Salaam toad , Lindners toad , Lindners dwarf toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Agonum cupreum is a species of ground beetle from the family Platyninae .
Paralamiodorcadion schmidi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paralamiodorcadion .
Crambus alienellus is a species of moth of the family Crambidae .
Thyreus is an Old World genus of bees , one of many that are commonly known as cuckoo bees , and are cleptoparasites of other species of bees , mostly in the genus Amegilla .
Celastrina is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae found in the Palearctic , Nearctic , Indomalayan and Australasian ecozones .
Poecilia sphenops is a species of fish , of the genus Poecilia , known under the common name molly ; to distinguish it from its congeners , it is sometimes called short - finned molly or common molly .
Oenopota pyramidalis , common name the pyramid lora , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae .
Ernstichthys anduzei is a species of banjo catfish endemic to the Orinoco River basin of Venezuela .
Carex hirtifolia , the pubescent sedge , is a species of sedge native to north - eastern North America .
Taenioides is a genus of gobies native to fresh , brackish and marine waters of the coastal areas of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Hoplopholcus forskali is a cellar spider species found from Eastern Europe to Turkmenistan .
Canis cedazoensis is an extinct species of smaller Canidae which was endemic to North America from the Blancan stage of the Pliocene epoch through the Irvingtonian stage of the Pleistocene epoch living 4.9 Ma--300,000 years ago .
Gnaphosa alpica is a ground spider species found in Europe .
Alcantarea imperialis is a species of bromeliad in the genus Alcantarea .
The Atherospermataceae , commonly known as the southern sassafrases , are a family of broadleaf evergreen trees and shrubs .
Cremnophila pyraustella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cremnophila .
Nephrotoma is a genus of crane flies .
Sorbus leptophylla , the thin - leaved whitebeam , is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family .
Bidens cabopulmensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Sebastes rubrivinctus is a species of fish in the rockfish family found in the Eastern Pacific
Aplysiopsis is a genus of sacoglossan sea slugs , a shell - less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Hermaeidae .
Stephanorrhina is a genus belonging to the Scarabaeidae family , Cetoniinae subfamily , tribe Goliathini .
Omeisaurus ( meaning `` Omei lizard '' ) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic Period ( Bathonian - Callovian stage ) of what is now China .
Microseris nutans is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name nodding microseris .
Ischnochiton cariosus , commonly known as the Corroded Ischnochiton is a species of chiton in the Ischnochiton genus that lives under rocks in the intertidal and shallow subtidal waters of southern Australia and up the coast of Western Australia as far as Shark Bay .
Abralia astrosticta is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod present in the waters of Australia , French Polynesia , Japan , New Zealand , the Philippines and Hawaiʻi .
Due to a lack of known major threats to the species , the IUCN redlist currently lists the Western Atlantic finless eel as Least Concern .
Asclepias eriocarpa is a species of milkweed known by the common names woollypod milkweed , Indian milkweed , and kotolo .
The Malayan porcupine or Himalayan porcupine ( Hystrix brachyura ) is a species of rodent in the family Hystricidae .
Mallotus thunbergianus is a species of evergreen plant in the Euphorbiaceae family .
Regaliceratops is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsid dinosaur that lived during the late Cretaceous period , about 68 million years ago ( Mya ) in what is now Canada .
Passiflora viridescens is a plant species native to Perú and Ecuador .
Pachycondyla is a ponerine genus of ants found in the Neotropics .
Allocota aurata is a species of either blackish - green or brownish - green coloured ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such Asian countries as China , Japan , Laos , Nepal , Taiwan ( Formosa ) and Viet Nam .
Pethia didi is a species of cyprinid fish which has only been recorded in the vicinity of Myitkyina and Indawgyi Lake in the north of Myanmar .
Valonia ventricosa , also known as `` bubble algae '' and `` sailors ' eyeballs '' , is a species of algae found in oceans throughout the world in tropical and subtropical regions .
Tucanti plumicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Tucanti .
Roblinella agnewi is a species of small land snail in the family Charopidae .
Hyotherium is an extinct genus in the pig family .
The Texas toad ( Anaxyrus speciosus ) is a species of medium - sized ( to 9 cm ( 3.5 in ) ) toad that occurs in the southern United States and northern Mexico .
Placidochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in Eastern Africa .
Cryptantha crassipes is a rare species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Terlingua Creek cat's - eye .
The subfamily Vespinae contains the largest and best - known eusocial wasps , including true hornets ( the genus Vespa ) , and the `` yellowjackets '' ( genera Dolichovespula and Vespula ) .
Ecsenius oculus , known commonly in Micronesia as the Ocular blenny and as the Coral blenny on Christmas Island , is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius .
Prionotus carolinus , commonly known as the northern sea robin , common sea robin or gurnard , is a species of ray - finned fish found in shallow water on the east coast of the United States .
Garrya wrightii is a species of flowering plant in the family Garryaceae known by the common names Wright 's silktassel , quinine - bush , coffee berry , bearberry , feverbush , and grayleaf dogwood .
Pinctada fucata , the Akoya pearl oyster , is a species of marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pteriidae , the pearl oysters .
Nyctegretis cullinanensis is a species of snout moth in the genus Nyctegretis .
Dictyna tullgreni is a species of spider in the Dictynidae family .
Perdicella fulgurans is an extinct species of tropical , tree - living , air - breathing , land snail , arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae .
Kylix halocydne is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae that lives in a tropical climate , usually in the Eastern Pacific area .
Olyra collettii is a species of longtail catfish .
Methylomonas scandinavica is a species of Gram - negative gammaproteobacteria found in deep igneous rock ground water in Sweden .
Masdevallia teaguei is a species of orchid in the genus Masdevallia .
Microbacteriaceae is a family of bacteria of the order Actinomycetales .
Taxus fuana is a species of conifer in the yew family Taxaceae family .
Aloe bakeri is a species of flowering plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , native to Madagascar .
Procambarus franzi , the Orange Lake cave crayfish , is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae .
Cavolinia tridentata is a species of sea butterfly , a floating and swimming sea snail or sea slug , a pelagic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cavoliniidae .
Malacoctenus zacae , the Zaca blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Mexico from Baja California to Acapulco .
The Shiny Crystal Dendrobium ( Dendrobium crystallinum ) is a species of orchid .
Mongolbittacus is an extinct genus of hangingfly in the family Bittacidae and containing a single species Mongolbittacus daohugoensis .
Munditia mayana , common name May 's munditia , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk , in the family Liotiidae .
Quercus laurina is a Mexican species of trees in the Fagaceae .
Borassus aethiopum is a species of Borassus palm from Africa .
Palaeoloxodon namadicus or the Asian straight - tusked elephant , was a species of prehistoric elephant that ranged throughout Pleistocene Asia , from India ( where it was first discovered ) to Japan , where the indigenous Neolithic cultures hunted that particular subspecies for food .
Gelidium amansii is an economically important species of red algae commonly found in the shallow coast ( 3 to 10 meters or 10 to 33 feet of depth below the water ) of many east Asian countries including North and South Korea , China , Japan , and Singapore .
Uvanilla olivacea , common name the blood - spotted star shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Allium unifolium , the one - leaf onion or American garlic , is a North American species of wild onion .
Ptilosarcus gurneyi , the orange sea pen or fleshy sea pen , is a species of sea pen in the family Pennatulidae .
Brychius hornii is a species of beetle in the genus Brychius that was first described by George Robert Crotch in 1873 .
Astrolepis cochisensis is a species of fern known by the common name Cochise scaly cloak fern .
Mictyris longicarpus , the light - blue soldier crab , is a species of crab that lives on sandy beaches from the Bay of Bengal to Australia ; with other members of the genus Mictyris , it is `` one of the most loved crabs in Australia '' .
Ipomoea carnea , the pink morning glory , is a species of morning glory .
Leptotyphlops rufidorsus , or the Rose blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Cratogeomys is a genus of rodent in the family Geomyidae .
Pleiospilos is a genus of succulent flowering plants of the Aizoaceae family , native to South Africa .
Clepsis virescana , the light brown apple moth , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Awaous lateristriga , the West African freshwater goby , is a species of goby found in marine , fresh and brackish waters ( though mostly in freshwaters ) along the Atlantic coast of Africa from Senegal to the Cunene River , Angola and also from islands in the Gulf of Guinea .
Asteropseidae is a family of sea stars .
†'Partula raiatensis was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Ginkgo cranei is an extinct Ginkgo species in the family Ginkgoaceae described from a series of isolated fossil ovulate organs and leaves .
Chitron mniszechi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Chitron .
Orontium wolfei is an extinct golden - club species in the family Araceae described from a series of isolated fossil leaves .
Thryptomene hyporhytis is a shrub species in the family Myrtaceae .
Coelotilapia joka is a species of cichlid fish from Sierra Leone and Liberia in West Africa .
Discus macclintocki is a species of land snail in the family Discidae known commonly as the Iowa Pleistocene snail and Pleistocene disc .
Floscopa mannii is a species of plant in the family Commelinaceae .
Ethmophyllum was a genus of Cambrian sponge .
Nebria nana is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Qinghai province of China , and Tibet .
Fissurisepta manawatawhia is a species of keyhole limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae .
Eupatorium pilosum , rough boneset , is a rare North American species of plant in sunflower family .
Conus mus , common name the mouse cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Suberites ficus is a species of sponge in the family Suberitidae .
Megachile albisecta is a species of leafcutter bee in the family Megachilidae .
Cualabaea is a genus of prehistoric coelacanth fish which lived during the Jurassic period .
Phyllodus is an extinct genus of fish from the Eocene .
Amanita daucipes is a species of fungus in the Amanitaceae family of the Agaricales order of mushrooms .
Carausius morosus ( the ' common ' , ' Indian ' or ' laboratory ' stick insect ) is a species of Phasmatodea ( phasmid ) that is often kept by schools and individuals as pets .
Turiasaurus ( meaning `` Turia lizard '' ; Turia is the Latin name of Teruel ) is a genus of sauropod dinosaurs .
Iris cathayensis is a beardless iris in the genus Iris , in the subgenus Limniris and in the Tenuifoliae series of the species .
Oriaethus longicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Oriaethus .
Uromastyx alfredschmidti , commonly known as the ebony mastigure , Schmidt 's mastigure , or Schmidt 's spiny - tailed lizard , is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae .
Palvennia is an extinct genus of ophthalmosaurid ichthyosaurian known from the uppermost Jurassic of Central Spitsbergen , Norway .
Aglaomorpha novoguineensis is a species of ferns in the Polypodiaceae family .
Clinopodium glabellum , the glade calamint , is a species of flowering plant in the mint family .
Antillogorgia bipinnata , the bipinnate sea plume , is a species of colonial soft coral , a sea fan in the family Gorgoniidae .
Prodiplocynodon is an extinct genus of basal crocodyloid crocodylian .
Embernagra is a genus of finch - like tanagers .
Laeliinae is a Neotropical subtribe including 40 orchid genera , such as Brassavola , Laelia , Sophronitis , and Cattleya .
The single known species , Neogaeornis wetzeli , was described from fossils found in the Campanian to Maastrichtian Quiriquina Formation of Chile .
Papilio thuraui is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Tanzania , Malawi , Zambia and Congo Republic .
The Indian stingless bee or dammar bee , Tetragonula iridipennis , is a species of bee belonging to the family Apidae , subfamily Apinae .
Magosternarchus is a genus of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae , containing two species .
Acadagnostus is a genus of trilobite from the Middle Cambrian , with 7 species currently recognized .
Acanthocephalus dirus is a species of parasitic worm in the Echinorhynchidae family .
Dactylorhiza incarnata , the early marsh - orchid , is a perennial , temperate - climate species of orchid generally found growing in wet meadows , and generally on base - rich soils , up to about 2100 m asl .
Achyranthes is a genus of medicinal and ornamental plants in the amaranth family , Amaranthaceae .
Anomaloglossus ayarzaguenai ( in Spanish : sapito ninera de Ayarzaguena ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Cnesterodon is a genus of poeciliids native to South America .
Fukuititan is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur that lived in the Early Cretaceous ( Barremian age ) in what is now Japan .
Blepharomyia is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae .
Incilius canaliferus , also known as the dwarf toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Brunnera macrophylla ( Siberian bugloss , great forget - me - not , heartleaf ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae , native to the Caucasus .
Eucephalus engelmannii is a North American species in the aster fammily known by the common name Engelmann 's aster .
Leptochloa dubia is a species of grass known by the common names green sprangletop and zacate gigante .
The Chatham penguin ( Eudyptes chathamensis ) was a species of penguin , now extinct .
Prionolepis ( meaning `` saw scale '' ) is a genus of prehistoric fish .
Agapanthia frivaldszkyi is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily , that can be found in Syria and Turkey .
Empididae is a family of flies with over 3,000 described species occurring worldwide in all the Ecozones but the majority are found in the Holarctic .
The Chthamalidae are a family of chthamaloid barnacles , living entirely in intertidal / subtidal habitats , characterized by a primary shell wall of eight , six , or four plates , lacking imbricating plate whorls , and either membraneous or more rarely calcareous basis .
Dugesia hepta is a species of freshwater triclad endemic to Sardinia .
Bothrostethus annulipes is a species of Coreidae family , subfamily Pseudophloeinae .
Praealticus margaritatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Pacific ocean , around Samoa .
Allium sacculiferum is an East Asian species of wild onion native to Japan , Korea , eastern Russia ( Amur Oblast , Khabarovsk , Primorye ) , and northeastern China ( Inner Mongolia , Heilongjiang , Jilin , Liaoning ) .
Festuca subulata is a species of grass known by the common names bearded fescue and nodding fescue .
Hypselobarbus jerdoni , also known as Jerdon 's carp , is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to India where it is found in larger streams of southern Karnataka , Tamil Nadu , Kerala and Maharashtra .
It contains only one known species , Vallariopsis lancifolia , native to Peninsular Malaysia , Borneo , and Sumatra .
Xestia maculata is an owlet moth species found in North America , where it has been recorded from western Canada and Montana .
Rubus arvensis , the field blackberry , is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Castilleja applegatei is a species of Castilleja known by the common names Applegate 's Indian paintbrush and wavyleaf Indian paintbrush .
Parahoplitidae is an extinct family of Cretaceous ammonites with stoutly ribbed , compressed , generally involute shells lacking or with only minor tubercles included in the Deshayestaceae , a superfamily now separated from the Hoplitacaceae .
Wallichia triandra is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family that is native to South Tibet in China and also to the neighboring Arunachal Pradesh region of India .
Plectocomiopsis is a dioecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in Indochina , Malaysia , Borneo and Sumatra .
Cricetulodon is an extinct genus of muroid rodent named in 1965 .
Eucalyptus melanophloia , commonly known as Silver - leaved Ironbark , is a species of Eucalyptus which is native to New South Wales and Queensland in Australia .
Arceuthobium monticola is a species of dwarf mistletoe known as western white pine dwarf mistletoe .
Pietschellus is an extinct genus of enigmatic bony fish which existed in northern Italy during the early Eocene epoch ( Ypresian age ) .
Capsospongia is a middle Cambrian sponge genus known from 2 specimens in the Burgess shale .
Dyckia rariflora is a species in the genus Dyckia endemic to the State of Minas Gerais in Brazil .
Antipodocottus galatheae is a species of sculpin found on the continental shelf around New Zealand .
Nomada adusta , is a species of bees belonging to the family Apidae .
Sarothrocera lowii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Sarothrocera .
Glomerida is an order of pill - millipedes found primarily in the Northern Hemisphere .
Truebella is a genus of true toads native to Peru at Ayacucho and Junín regions .
Glyceria is a widespread genus of grass family common across Eurasia , Australia , North Africa , and the Americas .
Berosus pugnax is a species of hydrophilid beetle native to the United States .
Quercus copeyensis is a species of oak endemic to the Talamancan montane forests of Costa Rica and Panama .
Canistrum camacaense is a species of bromiliad of the genus Canistrum .
Moluccella is a genus of annual and short - lived perennial plants native to Central + southwestern Asia and the Mediterranean .
Mahgarita stevensi is a genus of adapiform primate that lived in North America during the late Eocene .
The Commerson 's anchovy ( Stolephorus commersonnii ) , also known as Devis 's anchovy , Long - jawed anchovy , Teri anchovy , is a species of anadromous fish in the Engraulidae family .
Coryanthes , commonly known as Bucket Orchids , is a genus of tropical epiphytic orchids .
Beaudouin 's snake eagle ( Circaetus beaudouini ) is a species of snake eagle in the Accipitridae family found in the Sahel region of west Africa .
Phacelia formosula is a rare species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name North Park phacelia .
Tchangmargarya multilabiata is a species of large operculate freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae , the river snails .
Helicia australasica , also named Austral oak or creek silky oak , is a species of rainforest trees , and constitutes part of the flowering plant family Proteaceae .
Eulithidium affine , common name the polka - dot pheasant or the spotted pheasant , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae .
Indirana chiravasi ( Amboli leaping frog ) is a species of frog from the Western Ghats of India .
Grusonia parishii ( Orcutt ) Pinkava is a species of cactus known by the common names matted cholla and Parish club cholla .
Macropodia rostrata , common names , the common spider crab , long - legged spider crab , long - legged crab , is a species of marine crab in the family Inachidae .
Capsella bursa - pastoris , known by its common name shepherd's - purse because of its triangular , purse - like pods , is a small ( up to 0.5 m ) annual and ruderal species , and a member of the Brassicaceae or mustard family .
Pseudotothyris is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America .
Skenella edwardiensis is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cingulopsidae .
Nebo flavipes is a species of scorpions in the family Diplocentridae .
Corymbia is a genus of about 113 species of tree that were classified as Eucalyptus species until the mid-1990s .
The Syngnathiformes are an order of ray - finned fishes that includes the pipefishes and seahorses .
Yabeinosaurus is an extinct genus of lizard from the Early Cretaceous Jehol Group of northeastern China .
Amphicyon ( `` ambiguous dog '' ) is an extinct genus of large carnivorous bone - crushing mammals , popularly known as bear - dogs , of the family Amphicyonidae , subfamily Amphicyoninae , from the Aquitanian Epoch until the early Pleistocene .
Udubidae is a family of araneomorph spiders , most of whose members were formerly placed in the family Zorocratidae , which is no longer accepted .
Kourisodon is an extinct genus of mosasaur .
Galium hypotrichium is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name alpine bedstraw .
Galium tricornutum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names rough corn bedstraw , roughfruit corn bedstraw , and corn cleavers .
Sinustrombus sinuatus , common name the lacinate conch , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Psednotrichia is a genus of Angolan flowering plants in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family .
Gillellus uranidea , the Warteye stargazer , is a species of sand stargazer native to the Atlantic coast of southwestern Florida , USA , and in the Caribbean Sea from the Bahamas and the coast of Central America to Panama where it can be found in sandy areas on reefs or among rocks .
Pagurus bernhardus uses shells of a number of gastropod species for protection , including Littorina littorea , Littorina obtusata , Nassarius reticulatus , Gibbula umbilicalis , Nucella lapillus and Buccinum .
Chascotheca neopeltandra is a species of plants in the family Phyllanthaceae described as a species in 1904 .
Blenniella chrysospilos , the Red - spotted blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian oceans .
Hypselobarbus kurali is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Hypselobarbus .
Citrus micrantha is a species of wild citrus of subgenus Papeda native to southern Philippines , particularly islands of Cebu and Bohol .
Pitcairnia burle - marxii is a species of the bromeliad genus Pitcairnia .
Abraliopsis felis is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod found in cool temperate water of the north Pacific Ocean .
Lasioglossum aulacophorum , also known as the Lasioglossum ( Sudila ) aulacophorum , is a species of bees in the genus Lasioglossum , of the family Halictidae .
Marleyimyia xylocopae is a species of bee fly from South Africa that has a similarity to the patterning of a carpenter bee Xylocopa flavicollis ( De Geer ) found in the region .
Tortula ruralis , commonly known as twisted moss and star moss , is a species of moss with a cosmopolitan distribution .
Palisota flagelliflora is a plant species endemic to Cameroon .
Meiacanthus bundoon , the Bundoon blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny from the Pacific Ocean where it is known from Fiji and Tonga .
Tabebuia oligolepis is a species of plant in the Bignoniaceae family .
It contains only one species , Hodebertia testalis , and is found in the tropics , but ranges north to parts of Europe on occasion .
Auriscalpium vulgare , commonly known as the pinecone mushroom , the cone tooth , or the ear - pick fungus , is a species of fungus in the family Auriscalpiaceae of the order Russulales .
Gigantopecten latissimus is a species of fossil scallop , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pectinidae , the scallops .
Plakobranchidae is a family of sea slugs , marine opistobranch gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Plakobranchoidea .
Petalonyx thurberi is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common names Thurber 's sandpaper plant and common sandpaper plant .
Setchellanthus caeruleus is a species of pungent shrub with large blue flowers .
Notropis telescopus ( telescope shiner ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Notropis .
Arundineae is a tribe of grasses , containing three genera .
Linyphia triangularis is a European species of spider in the family Linyphiidae .
Allomerus is a Neotropical genus of small ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Ceanothus leucodermis , with the common name chaparral whitethorn or chaparral white thorn , is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae .
The Sphecidae are a cosmopolitan family of parasitoidal wasps that includes sand wasps , mud daubers , and other thread - waisted wasps .
Nolletia is a genus of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Sphecomyrma is an extinct genus of ant which inhabited the northern hemisphere of the supercontinent Laurasia approximately 80 mya in the Cretaceous .
Simochromis margaretae is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from the area of Kigoma in Tanzania .
Baurusuchus is an extinct genus of baurusuchid mesoeucrocodylian from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil .
Agrostis vinealis ( Chinese : 芒剪股颖 ; pinyin : mang jian gu ying ) is a species of grass known by the common names brown bentgrass and brown bent , which can be found from Russia to Mongolia , into China and even Pakistan , and India .
Rissoina bruguieri , common name Bruguiere 's risso , is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae .
Aphaenogaster longaeva is an extinct species of ant in formicid subfamily Myrmicinae known from a solitary Eocene or Oligocene fossil found in North America .
Several species now included in Heterotheca were previously classified in the genus Chrysopsis Heterotheca species are often used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Schinia lynx , Schinia nubila and Schinia saturata ( all of which have been recorded on Heterotheca subaxillaris ) .
Vanda coerulescens is a species of orchid found from Arunachal Pradesh to China ( southern Yunnan ) .
Erigeron bloomeri is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name scabland fleabane .
Bathykorus bouilloni is a species of jellyfish first described in 2010 .
Zizaniopsis is a genus of plants in the grass family , native to North and South America .
Siphonostomatoida is an order of copepods , containing around 75 % of all the copepods that parasitise fishes .
Typhlops trinitatus , commonly known as the Trinidad worm snake or Trinidad burrowing snake , is a harmless blind snake species endemic to Trinidad and Tobago .
Proxiuber australis is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae , the moon snails or necklace shells .
Encelia resinifera , the sticky brittlebush , is a North American species of flowering plant in the sunflower family .
Incurvarioidea is a superfamily of primitive monotrysian moths in the order Lepidoptera which consists of Leafcutters , yucca moths and relatives .
Asplenium schizotrichum is a species of spleenwort that is endemic to the island of Rarotonga in the Cook Islands .
Clupeonella muhlisi is a species of clupeid fish endemic to Lake Apolyont in Turkey , linked to the Sea of Marmara .
Scincinae are a subfamily of six genera and about 48 species of skinks .
Iris palaestina ( or sometimes Iris palestina ) is a species in the genus Iris , it is also in the subgenus of Scorpiris .
The Choreonematoideae are a monogeneric nongeniculate subfamily of Coralline alga .
Euphorbia esula , commonly known as green spurge or leafy spurge , is a species of spurge native to central and southern Europe ( north to England , the Netherlands , and Germany ) , and eastward through most of Asia north of the Himalaya to Korea and eastern Siberia .
Pentalinon is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family , Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1845 .
Aglajidae is a family of often colorful , medium - sized , sea slugs , marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks .
Paratoxodera borneana , common name Borneo stick mantis , is a species of praying mantis found in Brunei that was first identified as a subspecies of P. cornicollis .
Streptomyces abyssalis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from deep sea sediments in the South China Sea on the Xisha Islands in China .
Equus francisci is an extinct species of Equus ( the genus that includes the horse ) which was native to North America .
Exarrhenus egens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Exarrhenus .
Agaricus deserticola , commonly known as the gasteroid agaricus , is a species of fungus in the Agaricaceae family .
Chaetopappa ericoides is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names rose heath and heath - leaved chaetopappa .
The Colombian screech owl ( Megascops colombianus ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
Phenacostethus is a genus of priapum fishes found in freshwater and brackish habitats in southeast Asia .
Atopodentatus is an extinct genus of marine reptile , possibly basal sauropterygian , known from the early Middle Triassic ( Pelsonian substage , Anisian stage ) of Luoping County , Yunnan Province , southwestern China .
Tonna allium , common name the costate tun , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae , the tun shells .
Afroneta is a genus of sheet weavers that was described by Holm in 1968 .
Stiphodon surrufus is a species of goby endemic to the Philippines where it is only known to occur in Lagu Lagu creek on Leyte Island .
Giordania is a malagasy genus of potter wasps .
The many species of Spondylus vary considerably in appearance and range .
Viburnum cinnamomifolium ( common name cinnamon - leaved viburnum ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Adoxaceae , native to western China .
Asplenium polyodon , commonly known as sickle spleenwort , is a species of fern in the family Aspleniaceae .
Bituminaria morisiana is a perennial Mediterranean herb species in the genus Bituminaria .
Hirtodrosophila confusa is a widespread , but rarely common European species of fruit fly from the family Drosophilidae .
Hymenopappus mexicanus , the Mexican woollywhite , is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Musgravea is a genus of rainforest tree from north - eastern Queensland .
Nepenthes rafflesiana ( /nᵻˈpɛnθiːz ræˌfliːziˈɑːnə/ ; after Stamford Raffles ) , or Raffles ' Pitcher - Plant , is a species of tropical pitcher plant .
It contains only one known species , Stachydeoma graveolens , endemic to the State of Florida in the United States .
Sabicea cinerea , the largeflower woodvine , is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family .
Eryx jaculus , known commonly as the Javelin sand boa , is a species of snake in the Boidae family .
The Rio Pitzara robber frog , Strabomantis helonotus , is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Engraulisoma taeniatum is a species of characiform fish that is found in Argentina , Brazil , Ecuador and Peru .
Margarites groenlandicus , common name the Greenland margarite or wavy top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae .
Dendrocalamus is a tropical Asian genus of giant clumping bamboos in the grass family .
Cynariognathus ( meaning puppy jaw)is an extinct genus of middle sized carnivorous therocephalian from the Tapinocephalus Assemblage Zone of South Africa .
Litoria is a genus of Hylidae tree frogs native to Australia , the Bismarck Archipelago , the Solomon Islands , New Guinea , the Lesser Sunda Islands , the Moluccan Islands , and Timor .
Notaeolidia schmekelae is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Notaeolidiidae .
Diadorina golbachi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Diadorina .
Phoxinellus is a genus of cyprinid fishes found in the Balkans .
Belonogaster ( belone - `` needle '' , gaster - `` belly '' ) is a large genus of mainly Afrotropical quasisocial wasps , although some species occur in Arabia and two extend as far as India .
Fejervarya limnocharis is a species of frog found widely distributed in South Asia .
Protetragonites is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the family Lytoceratidae .
Blakea attenboroughi is a species of plant in the genus Blakea .
Anguilloides is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray - finned fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene .
Piscivoravis is an extinct genus of fish - eating ornithuromorphs known from the Early Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation ( Aptian age ) of western Liaoning Province , northeastern China .
Calochortus nitidus ( broadfruit mariposa lily ) is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family native to the northwestern United States .
Vaccinium ovatum is a North American species of flowering shrub known by the common names evergreen huckleberry , winter huckleberry and California huckleberry .
`` Proornis '' is an extinct genus of basal bird from the Early Cretaceous ( Barremian , 130 - 125 mya ? ) of northernmost North Korea .
Cryptodendrum adhaesivum ( adhesive , pizza or nap - edged anemone ) is a species of sea anemone in the family Thalassianthidae .
Stropharia caerulea , commonly known as the blue roundhead , is an inedible species of agaric fungus in the family Strophariaceae .
Allium togashii is a plant species endemic to Japan .
Rhodometrini is a tribe of the geometer moth family ( Geometridae ) , with about 16 species in 2 genera and 1 genus with 1 species tentatively associated with the tribe .
Boonea impressa , common name the impressed odostome , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Synodus orientalis is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Northwest Pacific Ocean .
Lithospermum erythrorhizon , the purple gromwell , red - root gromwell , 紫草 zicao ( Pinyin : zǐcǎo ) , 紫草 murasaki･sō ( Japanese ) is a plant species in the genus Lithospermum .
The only species is Andeabatis chilensis of southern South America .
Austromerope is a genus of forcepfly which contains only two known species , Austromerope poultoni from Western Australia , and the South American Austromerope brasiliensis .
The American flamingo ( Phoenicopterus ruber ) is a large species of flamingo closely related to the greater flamingo and Chilean flamingo .
Euricania facialis is a species of insect in the family Ricaniidae .
Peniocereus is a genus of vining cacti , comprising about 18 species , found from the southwestern United States and Mexico .
Neolebias is a genus of distichodontid fishes found in Africa , with 11 currently recognized species :
The family contains the single genus Carbomyces , which in turn contains three species distributed in the USA and Mexico .
In 2016 , the type species Notocolossus gonzalezparejasi was named and described by Bernardo J. González Riga , Matthew Carl Lamanna , Leonardo Daniel Ortiz David , Jorge Orlando Calvo and Juan P. Coria .
Conus poormani , common name the Poorman 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Awalycaeus is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Alycaeidae .
The Amur leopard ( Panthera pardus orientalis ) is a leopard subspecies native to the Primorye region of southeastern Russia and the Jilin Province of northeast China .
Isolepis inundata is a species of sedge native to Papua New Guinea , Australia and New Zealand .
Rosa hemisphaerica , also known as the sulphur rose , is a rose species with pale yellow flowers native to western Asia .
Rousettus is a genus of Old World fruit bats or megabats .
Hyopsodontidae is an extinct family of unspecialized , primitive mammals from the order Condylarthra , living from the Paleocene to the Eocene in North America and Eurasia .
Lithonida is an order of calcareous sponges in the class Calcarea in the animal phylum Porifera .
Bradypterus is a genus of small insectivorous songbirds ( `` warblers '' ) in the newly recognized grass warbler family ( Locustellidae ) .
Syzygium oleosum , commonly known as the Blue Lilly Pilly , is a species of Syzygium tree native to eastern Australian rainforests and wet sclerophyll forests .
Darlingia is a small genus of two species of rainforest tree from Northern Queensland .
Copeina is a genus of fishes found in the Amazon basin .
Waitea circinata is a species of fungus in the family Corticiaceae .
Parietaria pensylvanica is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family known by the common name Pennsylvania pellitory .
Leptasterias aequalis , common names little six - rayed seastar or six - armed star , is a species of starfish .
Juglans neotropica is a species of plant in the Juglandaceae family .
The African warblers are a newly erected family Macrosphenidae , of songbirds .
Acropora cophodactyla is a species of acroporid coral found in the central Indo - Pacific , Australia , southeast Asia , the Solomon Islands and the western Pacific Ocean .
Cychrus turnai is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that is endemic to Sichuan province of China .
The genus Phaeoclavulina comprises approximately 42 species of coral fungi .
Pseudoxanthomonas japonensis is a species of mesophilic , motile , strictly aerobic , Gram - negative , non - spore - forming , rod - shaped bacteria with one polar flagellum , first isolated from human urine , riverside urban soil and anaerobic digester .
Strobilomyces is a genus of boletes ( mushrooms having a spongy mass of pores under the cap ) .
Penicillium cluniae is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces the antinematodal and antiparasitic agents paraherquamide B , paraherquamide C , paraherquamide D , paraherquamide E , paraherquamide F , paraherquamide G , paraherquamide H
Castilleja cinerea is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name ashgray Indian paintbrush .
The Brown tree iguana , Liolaemus fuscus , is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Steneromene is a grass moth genus ( family Crambidae ) of subfamily Crambinae , tribe Diptychophorini .
Quercus undata is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family .
Ehrendorferia ( eardrops ) is a genus of two species of biennial and perennial herbaceous plants native to wildfire - prone areas of California and the Baja California peninsula .
Armorloricus is a genus of nanaloricate loriciferan , small to microscopic marine sediment - dwelling animals .
Ophiomyia is genus of Diptera ( fly ) in the family of Agromyzidae .
Doratodon is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph that was once believed to be a dinosaur .
Microdiplatys oculatus is an extinct species of earwigs , in the genus Microdiplatys , family Protodiplatyidae , the suborder Archidermaptera , and the order Dermaptera .
It is represented by a single species , Rhondes neocaledonicus .
Polistes dorsalis ( Fabricius , 1775 ) are a species of social wasps that can be found throughout various parts of North America .
Geoplanidae is a family of flatworms known commonly as land planarians .
Serapias perez - chiscanoi is a species of orchid endemic to western Portugal and western Spain .
Hara filamentosa is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to Myanmar where it can be found in the Irrawaddy , Sittang , Salween and Rangoon River drainages .
Callopteus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Kimmeridgian stage of the Late Jurassic epoch .
Dendrocoelopsis is a genus of freshwater triclad .
Handeliodendron consists of a single species of deciduous tree / shrub native to China , and is classified as rare .
Unasuchus is an extinct genus of Early Cretaceous crocodyliform .
Lycium chinense is one of two species of boxthorn in the family Solanaceae from which the goji berry or wolfberry is harvested , the other being Lycium barbarum .
Glyptopleura is a genus of North American plants in the dandelion family .
Scotinotylus patellatus is a spider in the species of Linyphiidae or `` sheet weaver '' found in Canada and Alaska , United States .
Turbo lajonkairii , common name the Lajonkairi 's turban , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Alaemon is a genus of birds in the Alaudidae family .
Tylerichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric surgeonfish that lived in a coral reef during the Lutetian epoch of what is now Monte Bolca , Italy .
Shorea argentifolia ( also called Dark Red Meranti ) is an emergent rainforest tree species in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Charonia maculosum is a `` taxon inquirenda '' , a species of doubtful identity .
Cordaicarpus is a form genus named by Geinitz ( 1862 ) , but was redefined by Seward ( 1917 ) to avoid confusion with another genus , and establishing that the genus refers only seeds .
Centaurea jacea ( brown knapweed or brownray knapweed ) is a species of herbaceous perennial plants in the genus Centaurea native to dry meadows and open woodland throughout Europe .
The Carnobacteriaceae are a family of Gram - positive lactic acid bacteria .
Sophineta is an extinct genus of small basal lepidosauromorph reptile known from the Early Triassic ( late Olenekian age ) of Małopolska Province , southern Poland .
Anabarites is a problematic lower Cambrian genus , and is one of the small shelly fossils .
Rhinogobius carpenteri is a freshwater species of goby endemic to the Philippines .
Nicothoe tumulosa is a species of copepod parasitic on the gills of the glypheoid lobster Neoglyphea inopinata .
Annandale 's rat ( Rattus annandalei ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Thysania zenobia , the Owl moth , is a species of moth in the Erebidae family .
Neoregelia cyanea is a plant species in the genus Neoregelia .
The Shanxi sika deer ( Cervus nippon grassianus ) is a possibly extinct subspecies of the sika deer .
Syncope hudsoni ( common name : Hudson 's humming frog ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
The Pacific screech owl ( Megascops cooperi ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
†Carelia cochlea was a species of small , air - breathing , land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea .
Spinoloricus is a genus of nanaloricid loriciferan .
Astomes ( order Astomatida ) are a group of ciliate protozoans commonly found in the guts of annelid worms , especially oligochaetes , and other invertebrates .
Lioptilodes salarius is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes , known from Argentina .
Pylorobranchus hoi is a species of worm eel known from the waters off of eastern Taiwan .
Sedum nussbaumerianum is a species of plant native to Mexico .
Microcos is a genus of flowering plants in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Tiliaceae or Sparrmanniaceae family .
Liothrips is a genus of thrips with almost 300 described species .
Gloeocarpus is a genus of Sapindaceae containing the single plant species Gloeocarpus patentivalvis .
Pterygoplichthys or commonly known as Janitor fish is a genus of South American armored catfishes .
The genus name Adasaurus is taken from Ada , an evil spirit in the mythology of Mongolia , and the Greek word sauros meaning ' lizard ' .
Lutraria oblonga , common name the oblong otter shell , is a species of large saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae .
Streptomyces burgazadensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the Marmara Sea in Burgazada in Istanbul in Turkey .
Mastacembelus platysoma is a species of fish , a spiny eel in the Mastacembelidae family .
Sonia paraplesiana , the Hebrew Sonia Moth , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Ananas ananassoides is a species in the genus Ananas .
Telephirca quadrifariella is a moth of the Autostichidae family and only species in the Telephirca genus .
Spitting spiders are members of the spider family Scytodidae .
Avicularia is a genus of the family Theraphosidae containing various species of tarantulas .
Pterostegia is a monotypic plant genus containing only the single species Pterostegia drymarioides , which is known as the woodland threadstem or woodland pterostegia .
Bombyx lemeepauli is a species of Bombycidae in the genus Bombyx .
Parcoblatta is a genus of 12 species of native North American wood cockroaches .
Torilis japonica , the erect hedgeparsley , upright hedge - parsley or Japanese hedge parsley , is a plant species in the genus Torilis .
Crataegus chlorosarca is an Asian species of hawthorn with black fruit .
Pebasiconcha immanis is an extinct species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Acavidae .
Asplenium bulbiferum , known as mother spleenwort , is a fern species native to New Zealand only .
Sparganium emersum is a species of flowering plant in the cat - tail family known by the common names European bur - reed and unbranched bur - reed .
Dragonets are small , perciform , marine fish of the diverse family Callionymidae ( from the Greek kallis , `` beautiful '' and onyma , `` name '' ) found mainly in the tropical waters of the western Indo - Pacific .
Gastrocopta contracta , common name the bottleneck snaggletooth , is a species of very small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae , the whorl snails .
Gladiolus tristis is a species of gladiolus known by several common names , including ever - flowering gladiolus and marsh Afrikaner .
Meridulia chaenostium is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family tbhat is endemic to Venezuela .
The Bangladeshi cricket frog ( Zakerana asmati ) is a species of frog found in the Chittagong and Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Sedum glaucophyllum , the cliff stonecrop , is a species of Sedum native to the Appalachian Mountains in the eastern United States from West Virginia , Maryland , Virginia and North Carolina .
Raorchestes chromasynchysi , also known as the Confusing green bushfrog or Confusing green bush frog , is a species of frog found in the Western Ghats of Kerala and Karnataka in India .
Limatulichthys griseus , is a species of catfish in the family Loricariidae .
Callionymus kailolae is a species of dragonet native to the Indian Ocean off of western Australia where this deep - water species is found at depths of from 200 to 204 metres ( 656 to 669 ft ) .
Cerastium alpinum , commonly called alpine mouse - ear or alpine chickweed is a species of mat forming perennial plant .
Psammodromus is a small genus of sand lizards of the family Lacertidae .
The Hepialidae are a family of insects in the lepidopteran order .
Panicum urvilleanum is a species of grass known by the common names desert panicgrass and silky panicgrass .
Ageratina shastensis is a species of snakeroot which is endemic to Shasta County , California .
Haplochromis argens is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is only known from the Tanzanian portion .
Sphodromantis pavonina is a species of praying mantis found in Angola , Cameroon , and the Congo River region .
Lockhartia oerstedii is a species of orchid native to Mexico , Guatemala , Nicaragua , Honduras , Costa Rica , Panama and Colombia .
Rhododendron trichostomum ( 毛嘴杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to southwestern China , where it grows at altitudes of 2700 - -4600 meters .
Plumeria obtusa , the Singapore graveyard flower , is a species of the genus Plumeria ( Apocynaceae ) .
Ampeloglypter is a true weevil genus in the tribe Madarini .
Chaetodipterus is a genus of spadefishes .
Vicia is a genus of about 140 species of flowering plants commonly known as vetches .
Epipactis youngiana , Young 's helleborine , is a species ( or variety ) of orchid that is endemic to Great Britain .
The genus Megachile is a cosmopolitan group of solitary bees , often called leafcutter bees or leafcutting bees .
Lycium torreyi is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common name Torrey wolfberry .
Mecasoma validicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mecasoma .
Tegula pellisserpentis , common name the serpent - tongue tegula , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae , .
Physaria parviflora ( syn . Lesquerella parviflora ) is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Piceance bladderpod and frosty bladderpod .
Empusa pennata , common names conehead mantis in English and mantis palo in Spanish , is a species of praying mantis in genus Empusa .
Compared with its sister species , the Palawan stink badger is also slightly smaller , with larger teeth and longer fur .
Astrotricha linearis , commonly known as known as the narrow - leaf star - hair is a plant species in the family Araliaceae .
Coahuilaceratops ( meaning `` Coahuila horn face '' ) is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur .
Oenothera deltoides is a species of evening primrose known by several common names , including birdcage evening primrose , basket evening primrose , lion in a cage , and devil 's lantern .
Gastrohoplites is a hoplitid genus of ammonite included in the Gastrohoplinae from Middle Albian age marine strata in western North America and parts of Europe .
Herniaria is a genus of flowering plants in the pink family known generally as ruptureworts .
Anhydrophryne ngongoniensis , the Ngongoni moss frog , Natal bandit frog , or mistbelt chirping frog ( and many combinations of the previous ) , is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family .
Camellia japonica ( the Japanese camellia ) is one of the best known species of the genus Camellia .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Bonanseja mexicana .
Erythronium pusaterii is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Kaweah Lakes fawn lily and Hocket Lakes fawn lily .
The Honduran milk snake is one of the larger subspecies of milk snake , attaining a length of 48 inches in the wild and some captive specimens reaching a length of 5 feet .
Anaxyrus debilis , also known with its old name Bufo debilis , is a species of toad found in the southwestern United States in the states of Arizona , New Mexico , Colorado , Kansas and Texas , as well as in northern Mexico in the states of Tamaulipas , San Luis Potosí , Durango and Zacatecas .
Naso lituratus is a species of fish in the family Acanthuridae , the tangs and unicornfishes .
Penthorum is a genus of plants in the order Saxifragales .
Hopia obtusa is a species of grass commonly known as vine mesquite .
Ophioleuce is a genus of brittle stars .
Suruga fundicola is a species of fish in the goby family , Gobiidae .
Dorycordaites is a genus of extinct gymnosperms .
Clanculus puniceus , common names the Strawberry top shell or Purplish Clanculus , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top shells .
Collinsia torreyi is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Torrey 's blue - eyed Mary .
Angelica callii is an uncommon species of angelica known as Call 's angelica .
Aitchisoniella himalayensis is a species of liverwort in the Exormothecaceae family .
Sphagnurus paluster is a species of fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae which parasitizes Sphagnum moss .
Precis antilope , the darker commodore , is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family , native to Subsaharan Africa .
Pseudophosphorus norrisii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudophosphorus .
Litoria majikthise is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , found in Papua New Guinea and possibly West Papua in Indonesia .
Praealticus is a genus of combtooth blennies found throughout the Pacific and Indian oceans .
Ascoseira is assigned to its own order .
Sagittaria demersa , commonly called Chihuahuan arrowhead , is an aquatic plant species native to north - central Mexico ( Chihuahua , Durango . Hidalgo , Aguascalientes , Jalisco and Querétaro ) and also from a few sites in the northern part of the US State of New Mexico ( Mora and Colfax Counties ) .
Trigoniaceae is a family of flowering plants , consisting of 28 species in 4 genera .
Femeniasia balearica is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae ( Compositae ) , and the only species in the genus Femeniasia .
Caciella philippinarum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Caciella .
Pteropurpura trialata is a medium - sized species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the rock snails or murex snails .
Notodiaphana fragilis is a species of marine snail , gastropod mollusk in the clade Architectibranchia .
Ghatsa santhamparaiensis also known as the Santhampara loach is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Ghatsa .
Mylochromis balteatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi preferring areas with sandy substrates .
Corytophanidae is a family of iguanian lizards , also called casquehead lizards or helmeted lizards , endemic to the New World .
Oeceoclades analamerensis is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to northern Madagascar .
Gyromitra ambigua is an ascomycete fungus species of the genus Gyromitra , and related to the false morel G. esculenta .
Panthea gigantea is on average the largest New World species of Panthea with some females having a wingspan in excess of 60 mm .
Guioa acuminata is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family .
Typhlops granti , known commonly as Grant 's blind snake , is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae .
The Uinta ground squirrel ( Urocitellus armatus ) , commonly called a Potgut in northern Utah , is a species of rodent native to the western United States .
Ditylenchus is a genus of plant pathogenic nematodes .
Liaobatrachus ( meaning `` Liaoning frog '' ) is a genus of prehistoric spadefoot toad , the fossil specimen of which was recovered from the Yixian Formation of Liaoning Province , China .
Spongiosperma macrophyllum is a species of plant in family Apocynaceae first described in 1860 .
Tetramorium bicarinatum , is a species of Formicidae family from the order Hymenoptera originated in South East Asia .
Navasota discipunctella is a species of snout moth in the genus Navasota .
Polymorphus is a genus of parasitic worms from the phylum Acanthocephala .
Pleuroceras solare is a species of ammonite from the lower Jurassic , upper Pliensbachian period ( 189.6 ± 1.5 -- 183.0 ± 1.5 Mya ) .
Calydiscoides euzeti Justine , 2007 is a species of monogenean of the family Diplectanidae Monticelli , 1903 .
Diamella cupreomicans is a species of ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in China , Indonesia , Myanmar , Laos , Malaysia , and Viet Nam .
Dryadissector ( meaning `` Dryad dissector '' in Greek ) is an extinct genus of varanoid lizard represented by the type species Dryadissector shilleri from the Late Cretaceous of Texas .
Tachina vernalis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Europe , but was introduced to New England .
Schiedea sarmentosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name cliff schiedea .
Diabolepis ( or Diabolichthys ) is an extinct genus of very primitive lungfish which lived about 400 million years ago , in the Early Devonian period of South China .
Psidium sintenisii is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae .
Hippoboscoidea is the name of a superfamily of the Calyptratae .
Lobatus raninus , common name the hawk - wing conch , is a species of medium to large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
The Unscented Dendrobium ( Dendrobium anosmum ) is a species of epiphytic orchid .
Calabazo virus is an enveloped , single - stranded , negative - sense RNA hantavirus species of the Bunyaviridae family .
Barbus fasciolatus , the African banded barb , Angola barb , blue - barred barb or fire barb is a ray - finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae .
Taeniopsetta is a genus of small lefteye flounders native to the Indo - Pacific at depths of 150 to 300 m ( 490 to 980 ft ) .
Schistosoma mansoni infects about 83.31 million people worldwide , causing the disease intestinal schistosomiasis ( schistosomiasis caused by all the Schistosoma species infects over 200 million people . )
Blachia umbellata is a species of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae .
Crepipatella dilatata is a species of sea snail described by Lamarck .
Rhizanthella , commonly known as underground orchids , is a small epiparasitic , achlorophyllous , subterranean genus of orchid .
Japanese seabream , Pagrus major , is a fish species in the Sparidae family .
Astragalus lentiginosus is a species of legume known by the common names spotted locoweed and freckled milkvetch .
Speirantha is a genus of one known species of flowering plants found in south - east China .
Habranthus ( copperlily ) is a genus of tender herbaceous flowering bulbs in the Amaryllidaceae family , subfamily Amaryllidoideae .
Originally the heliozoa were treated together as a formal taxon Heliozoa or Heliozoea , with the rank of class or phylum , but it has been realised that they are polyphyletic , as the various orders show notable differences and are no longer believed to be descended from a single common ancestor .
Propantodice grisea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Propantodice .
Uroptychus anacaena is a species of chirostylid squat lobster first found in Taiwan .
Cytinus hypocistis is an ant - pollinated species of parasitic plant in the family Cytinaceae having four subspecies .
The Five - lined Mabuya ( Trachylepis quinquetaeniata , formerly Mabuya quinquetaeniata ) , sometimes called Rainbow Mabuya , blue - tailed Skink ( due to the blue tail ) or Rainbow Skink is a species of African skink in the subfamily Lygosominae .
Aphanopetalum clematideum is a species of twining shrub or vines that grows in the Geraldton Sandplains region of Western Australia .
Cataclysta lampetialis is a Crambidae species in the genus Cataclysta .
The Príncipe speirops ( Zosterops leucophoeus ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
Macaranga quadricornis is a species of plant in the family Euphorbiaceae .
Pterocaulon is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , native to North and South America and to Australasia .
Aulotrachichthys is a genus of slimeheads .
Phyllopetalia excrescens is a species of dragonfly in the family Austropetaliidae .
Gaylussacia orocola , the Blue Ridge huckleberry , is a plant species native to the coastal plains of the southeastern United States ( Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , Florida ) .
Stagmomantis amazonica , common name Amazon mantis , is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmomantis .
Mccoskerichthys sandae , the Tufted blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny , found around Costa Rica and Panama , in the eastern central Pacific ocean .
Thesprotia insolita , common name Costa Rican grass mantis , is a species of praying mantis found in Costa Rica .
Calvatia bovista is a species of Calvatia mushroom , the second largest Calvatia in North America .
Procephalaspis is an extinct genus of jawless fish .
Hohenbergia stellata is a perennial species of the genus Hohenbergia .
Schizoglossa major was a species of large predatory , air - breathing , land slug , a carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae .
Litoporus dimona is a cellar spider species found in Brazil .
Atractaspis aterrima , commonly known as the slender burrowing asp or mole viper , is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family .
Pirulintia angelinae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pirulintia .
Apophysomyces variabilis is one of four species in the genus Apophysomyces , which also includes A. elegans , A. ossiformis , and A. trapeziformis .
Cystoderma carcharias , is a species of agaric in the fungal family Agaricaceae .
Dihammaphoroides sanguinicollis ' is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .
Brochuchus is an extinct genus of crocodile known from the Miocene Hiwegi Formation of Rusinga Island in Lake Victoria , Kenya .
Coryphaenoides rupestris is a species of marine ray - finned fish in the family Macrouridae .
Protonyctia originalis is a moth in the Douglasiidae family , and the only species in the genus Protonyctia .
Draba sierrae is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Sierra draba .
It consists of only one species , Semicalamidia owgarra , which was described by Rothschild in 1912 .
Penicillium ornatum is an anamorph , species of the genus of Penicillium .
Mystus vittatus , the striped dwarf catfish , is a species of catfish of the family Bagridae .
Axiologina ferumequinum is a species of ulidiidae or picture - winged fly in the genus Axiologina of the family Ulidiidae .
Miscanthus sinensis is a species of flowering plant in the grass family Poaceae , native to eastern Asia throughout most of China , Japan , Taiwan and Korea .
Philiris fulgens , commonly known as the Purple Moonbeam , is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family .
Harttia kronei is a species of armored catfish of the family endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Ribeira de Iguape River basin .
Coptosapelteae is a tribe incertae sedis of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family and contains about 55 species in 2 genera .
Haliotis roei , common name Roe 's abalone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Sauropus assimilis is an extremely rare species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family .
Callopistes is a lizard genus which belongs to the family of Teiidae .
Eburia cinerea is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Peru .
Leymus akmolinensis is a species of grass endemic to Russia and Kazakhstan .
Aipysurus duboisii , also known as the Dubois ' sea snake or reef shallows sea snake , is a species of venomous sea snake .
Palaeomastodon an extinct genus of Proboscidea .
Penicillium pseudostromaticum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the mushroom Piptoporus betulinus which grew on the tree Betula populifolia .
Apoanagyrus lopezi is a species of parasitic wasp native to Central America .
The Differently Colored Catasetum ( Catasetum discolor ) is a species of orchid .
Carphochaete bigelovii , common name Bigelow 's bristlehead , is a species of North American flowering plants in the sunflower family .
It is endemic to Australia and contains only one species , Actites megalocarpa commonly known as the Dune Thistle , Beach Thistle or Coastal Sow Thistle .
Haliotis parva , common name the canaliculate abalone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Vitrinella bifilata is a species of gastropod in the Tornidae family .
Hylarana margariana ( Irrawaddy frog ) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana .
Lambis millepeda , common name the millipede spider conch , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Allium leucocephalum is an Asian species native to Buryatiya , Zabaykalsky Krai , Mongolia , Inner Mongolia , Gansu , and Heilongjiang .
Lythrum hyssopifolia ( orth . var . L. hyssopifolium ) is a species of flowering plant in the loosestrife family known by the common names hyssop loosestrife and grass - poly .
Erginus rubellus is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Acmaeidae , one of the families of true limpets .
Parthenocissus henryana ( Chinese Virginia - creeper or silver vein creeper ) is a species of flowering plant in the vine family Vitaceae , native to China .
Dipterocarpus caudiferus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to Borneo .
Iris reticulata ( netted iris ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Iridaceae .
Leptotes vellozicola is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil ( Bahia ) .
Lagenandra dewitii is a plant species belonging to the aroid genus Lagenandra .
Abuta candicans ( syn . Abuta limaciifolia Diels , Abuta pullei Diels , Chondrodendron limaciifolium ( Diels ) Moldenke , Chondrodendron candicans ( Rich . ) Sandwith , Curarea candicans ( Rich . ex DC . ) Barneby , Sciadotenia candicans ( Rich . ) Diels ) is a species in the Menispermaceae family .
Grevillea monslacana , commonly known as Lake Mountain Grevillea , is a shrub species which is endemic to mountainous areas of eastern Victoria in Australia .
Parcoblatta virginica , the Virginia wood cockroach , is a small cockroach species of the genus Parcoblatta , measuring about a centimeter long as an adult .
Cotyachryson philippii is a species of round - necked longhorns beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae , subfamily Cerambycinae .
Beroe ovata is a pelagic species and has a wide distribution in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea .
Chisternon is a genus of baenid cryptodiran turtles from the Eocene of North America .
Kalanchoe fadeniorum is a species of Kalanchoe in the family Crassulaceae .
Acanthohoplitinae is an extinct subfamily of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite family Deshayesitidae .
In taxonomy , the Halobacteriales are an order of the Halobacteria , found in water saturated or nearly saturated with salt .
Oculinidae is a family of colonial corals .
Rhabdosargus sarba ( goldlined seabream , silver bream , tarwhine , or yellowfin bream ) is a species of fish in the seabream family , Sparidae .
Oxypselaphus obscurus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania , Andorra , Croatia , Iceland , Macedonia , Malta , Monaco , Portugal , Romania , San Marino , and Vatican City .
Megabunus diadema is a species of harvestman widely distributed in Europe , where it has been found in Iceland , Faroe Islands , Western Norway , Great Britain , Western France , Belgium and Northern Spain .
Oeceoclades longebracteata is a species of terrestrial orchid in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to southwestern and south - central Madagascar .
Micrurus bernadi is a species of venomous elapid snake , endemic to eastern Mexico .
Nasturtium floridanum , common names Florida yellowcress and Florida watercress , is an aquatic plant species endemic to Florida , though widely distributed within that state .
Pectis cylindrica ( Sonoran cinchweed ) is an annual plant and species of Pectis .
The South African shelduck or Cape shelduck ( Tadorna cana ) is a species of shelduck , a group of large goose - like birds which are part of the bird family Anatidae , which also includes the swans , geese and ducks .
Cerianthus lloydii is a species of tube - dwelling sea anemone in the family Cerianthidae .
The Caudovirales are an order of viruses also known as the tailed bacteriophages .
Nesocordulia villiersi is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae .
Liotiidae is a family of small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Rubus liebmannii is a Mesoamerican species of brambles in the rose family .
Erigeron subtrinervis , called the Three - Nerved Daisy , the Three - nerve fleabane , or the hairy showy daisy , is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Leptotyphlops nigricans , or the black thread snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Propalaeotherium was an early genus of equid endemic to Europe and Asia during the Middle Eocene .
Paralatonia is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian from the late Cretaceous of Hațeg Island , modern day Romania .
Andropogon glomeratus is a species of grass known by the common names bushy bluestem and bushy beardgrass .
Allogromia is a genus of Rhizaria , including the following species :
Gobiodon quinquestrigatus , commonly known as the five - lined coral goby , is a species of goby .
Hapalogenys is the only genus in the family Hapalogenyidae , the barbeled grunters , .
Pholiota aurivella is a species of fungus in the family Strophariaceae that is found in native forest of New Zealand and in the United States .
Mesonoemacheilus triangularis or Nemacheilus periyarensis is a species of stone loach endemic to the Western Ghats in southern Karnataka , Kerala , and Tamil Nadu , India .
Nycteroleteridae is a family of procolophonian parareptilians ( early extinct reptiles ) from the Middle to Late Permian of Russia and North America .
Neoclinus bryope , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Japan and South Korea in the western Pacific ocean , and around California in the eastern Pacific .
Veronica peregrina is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by several common names including neckweed , American speedwell , purslane speedwell and hairy purslane speedwell .
Mysidae is the largest family of crustaceans in the order Mysida , with over 1000 species in around 170 genera .
Leptotyphlops weyrauchi , or the Argentine blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Archiinocellia is an extinct monotypic genus of Snakefly containing the single species Archiinocellia oligoneura .
Clavenicodes clavus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Clavenicodes .
Gamochaeta stagnalis , the Desert cudweed , is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family .
Amphiboloidea is a taxonomic superfamily of air - breathing land snails .
Spinosophroniella rufa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Spinosophroniella .
Tripneustes parkinsoni is a species of sea urchins belonging to the family Toxopneustidae .
Penestomus is a genus of spiders comprising about nine species .
Carabus hungaricus is a beetle species native to the Palearctic .
Tayloria acuminata , commonly known as acuminate dung moss and acuminate trumpet moss , is a bright - green dung moss species with violet radicles that age to a dark red .
Monotocheirodon is a genus of characins native to tropical South America .
Banksia repens , the Creeping Banksia , is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia .
Plocaederus plicatus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily of Cerambycinae .
Leptoseps is a genus of rare skinks from Thailand and Vietnam .
Nebria steensensis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of Oregon .
Anodonta cataracta , common name the Eastern Floater , is a species of large freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Diguetia is a genus of six - eyed spiders .
Retiboletus griseus , commonly known as the gray bolete , is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae .
Utaherpeton is an extinct genus of lepospondyl amphibian from the Carboniferous of Utah .
Zaireichthys heterurus is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Lualaba River .
Chrysolina fuliginosa is a species of beetle from a family of Chrysomelidae , that can be found in France , Northern Italy , Northern Spain , and West Germany .
Allomyces macrogynus is a species of fungus in the family Blastocladiaceae .
Aetheliparis is a genus of snailfishes with one species known from the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of North America and the other from the Pacific Ocean near New Zealand .
Myrtillocactus ( from Latin , `` blueberry cactus '' ) is a genus of cacti .
Eronia , commonly called vagrants , is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Pierinae found mainly in Africa .
Flaveria vaginata is a very rare Mexican plant species of yellowtops within the sunflower family .
Venegasia carpesioides is the only known species in the genus .
Chondrodactylus turneri is a species of gecko endemic to Africa .
Primula capillaris is a rare species of flowering plant in the primrose family known by the common name Ruby Mountains primrose , or Ruby Mountain primrose .
Quercus afares is a species of oak native to Algeria and Tunisia .
It was described in 2011 , and is the only species in the genus Taebaeksaukia .
Cycas rumphii , commonly known as queen sago or the queen sago palm , is a dioecious gymnosperm , a species of cycad in the genus Cycas native to Indonesia , New Guinea and Christmas Island .
It contains only one species , Dicanica acrocentra , which is found in South Africa .
Chlosyne is a genus of butterflies from North and South America in the family Nymphalidae .
Leucos aula is a species of freshwater fish , in the genus Leucos and the Cyprinidae family .
Orchidophilus is a genus of true weevils in the subfamily Baridinae .
Smilax melastomifolia , the Hawai'i greenbrier , is a species of spiny vine found in nature only in the Hawaiian Islands .
Mertensophryne nyikae ( common name : Nyika dwarf toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Gegeneophis primus is a species of caecilian discovered in Wynad district in the Western Ghats of Kerala , India .
Anubias pynaertii is a species belonging to the Aroid genus Anubias .
Blattabacterium is a genus of obligate mutualistic endosymbiont bacteria that are believed to inhabit all species of cockroach studied to date , with the exception of the genus Nocticola .
Notocorrhenes dispersa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Notocorrhenes .
Gymnoplectron is a genus of cave weta in the family Rhaphidophoridae , endemic to New Zealand .
Hadrosauroidea is a clade or superfamily of ornithischian dinosaurs that includes the `` duck - billed '' dinosaurs , or hadrosaurids , and all dinosaurs more closely related to them than to Iguanodon .
Atrophaneura dixoni is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in northern and central Sulawesi .
Allium cratericola is a species of wild onion known by the common name Cascade onion .
Borysthenia naticina is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae , the valve snails .
Raillardella pringlei is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name showy raillardella .
The Hystricognathi are an infraorder of rodents , distinguished from other rodents by the bone structure of their skulls .
Laetilia zamacrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Laetilia .
Austroclavus undatus is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the superfamily Conoidea .
The Eumaeini are a tribe of gossamer - winged butterflies ( family Lycaenidae ) .
Zootermopsis angusticollis is a species of termite ( Isoptera ) in the family Termopsidae , a group known as the dampwood termites .
Eretmodini is a tribe of African cichlids .
Eumeta is a genus of bagworm moths .
Zaireichthys rotundiceps , the Spotted sand catlet , is a species of loach catfish that occurs in the countries of Botswana , Kenya , Malawi , Mozambique , Namibia , Tanzania , Zambia and Zimbabwe with uncertain records from Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Tauschia arguta is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name southern umbrellawort .
DNA samples show that Pisolithus hypogaeus is a relative of other brown- and echinulate - spored Pisolithus species , and is most closely related to two undescribed epigeous Pisolithus species from Australia .
Sperata seenghala , the Giant river - catfish , is a species of bagrid catfish .
The small bird family Callaeidae ( also named in some sources as Callaeatidae ) is endemic to New Zealand .
Phalaenopsis pallens is an endemic species of orchid from the Philippines .
Cerinomyces is a genus of fungi in the Dacrymycetales order .
Pseudurgis is a genus of moths in the Tineidae family .
Auratonota chlamydophora is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family and is endemic to Ecuador .
Sclerodactylidae is a family of sea cucumbers , marine invertebrates with elongated bodies , leathery skins and tentacles .
Callyspongia truncata is a demosponge species in the genus Callyspongia .
Murex scolopax , also known as the False venus comb or Woodcock murex , is a species of large predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the rock snails or murex snails .
Anthela ocellata , the eyespot anthelid , is a species of moth of the family Anthelidae .
Spinocentruropsis papuanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Spinocentruropsis .
The Acrobatidae are a small family of gliding marsupials containing two genera , each with a single species , the feathertail glider ( Acrobates pygmaeus ) from Australia and feather - tailed possum ( Distoechurus pennatus ) from New Guinea .
Emesopsis streiti is a species of Emesinae described from Malaysia .
Swans are birds of the family Anatidae within the genus Cygnus .
Callitriche marginata is a species of aquatic plant known by the common name winged water starwort .
Hydnellum multiceps is a rare species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae .
Dendraster is a genus of sand dollars of the family Dendrasteridae within the order Clypeasteroida .
Peloconus junodi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Peloconus .
Vittaria , the shoestring ferns , is a genus of ferns in the Vittarioideae subfamily of the family Pteridaceae .
Euleptes is a monotypic genus of gecko in the family Phyllodactylida , commonly known as European Leaf - toed Gecko .
Delphinium andersonii is a species of larkspur known as Anderson 's larkspur .
Candidatus Rhabdochlamydia is a genus of intracellular bacteria ; a separate family , Candidatus Rhabdochlamydiaceae , has been proposed for this genus .
Haworthia pygmaea is a species of the genus Haworthia in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , endemic to the Mossel Bay area of the Western Cape , South Africa .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Mycocryptospora anthostomoides .
The genus contains only one species , Alienia flavofascia , which is found in Borneo and was described from the Crocker Range National Park in Sabah .
Promoschorhynchus is a genus of akidnognathid therocephalian from the Late Permian and Early Triassic of South Africa .
Eleutherodactylus casparii is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Sierra de Trinidad , Cienfuegos Province , Cuba .
†Partula castanea was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Atractodenchelys is a genus of eels in the cutthroat eel family Synaphobranchidae .
Dascyllus reticulatus , known commonly as the Reticulate dascyllus or Two Stripe Damselfish among other vernacular names , is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacentridae .
Seminobatrachus is an extinct genus of neotenic salamander from late Paleocene to early Eocene deposits of Cherkassy Region , central Ukraine .
Teuthidodrilus ( also known as the squidworm ) , is a genus of marine polychaete worms first described by marine biologists from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in November 2010 .
Ostorhinchus doederleini is a species of fish in the cardinalfish family , also known by the common names Doederlein 's cardinalfish and fourline cardinalfish .
Falsenicodes lineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Falsenicodes .
Metagynella is a genus of mites , placed in its own family , Metagynuridae in the order Mesostigmata .
Sorghastrum secundum is a species of grass known by the common name lopsided Indiangrass .
Nanorana vicina ( common names : Himalaya paa frog , Stoliczka 's frog , Murree frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Mnesarchaea fusca is a species of primitive moths in the family Mnesarchaeidae .
Lasius balearicus is an ant species from the genus Lasius .
The Trankien frog , Odorrana trankieni , is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Platyja umbrina is a species of noctuoid moths of the Erebidae family .
Mimoxenoleoides fasciculosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimoxenoleoides .
Glyptodontopelta ( meaning `` Glyptodon shield '' , a reference to the similarity of its pelvic armor to that of Glyptodon ) is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous .
Plagioporus skrjabini is a species of a trematode in the family Opecoelidae .
Melinoessa fulvescens is a species of moth in the family Geometridae , native to Sierra Leone and Gambia .
Comephorus , known as the golomyankas or Baikal oilfish , are a genus comprising two species of peculiar , sculpin - like fishes endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia .
Uperodon systoma is a species of narrow - mouthed frog found in Pakistan , India , Nepal , and Sri Lanka .
Sagittaria cuneata is a species of flowering plant in the water plantain family known by the common name arumleaf arrowhead or duck potato .
The Mycerobas grosbeaks are a genus of finch in the Fringillidae family .
The Mullya Garra ( Garra mullya ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Garra .
Xylobium , abbreviated Xyl in horticultural trade , is a genus of plant in family Orchidaceae .
Flying squirrels ( scientifically known as Pteromyini or Petauristini ) are a tribe of 44 species of squirrels in the family Sciuridae .
Astrantia bavarica , common name masterwort , is a species of flowering plant in the family Apiaceae , native to Eastern alps .
The Ascarididae are a family of the large intestinal roundworms .
Hylarana kreffti ( common names : San Cristoval frog , San Cristobal treefrog ) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana .
Mimulus palmeri is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Palmer 's monkeyflower .
Charaxes zoolina is a member of the species group Charaxes zoolina .
As of June 2014 The Plant List recognises the single species Schuurmansiella angustifolia .
Bobgunnia madagascariensis ( Bambara : Samagara ) , also called the snake bean plant , is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
Ogcocephalus parvus , the Roughback batfish , is a species of batfish found along the coast of the western Atlantic Ocean from North Carolina in the USA to Brazil .
Chlidichthys inornatus is a species of fish in the Pseudochromidae family .
The Coelophysidae are a family of primitive carnivorous theropod dinosaurs .
Negaprion eurybathrodon is an extinct species of lemon shark , which existed in what is now the United States during the Miocene period .
Momotus is a small genus of the motmots , a family of near passerine birds found in forest and woodland of the Neotropics .
Monolopia stricta is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Crum 's monolopia .
Chiloglanis anoterus , the pennant - tailed suckermouth , is a species of upside - down catfish native to Mozambique , South Africa and Swaziland where it occurs in escarpment streams of the Pongolo and Incomati River systems .
Leotia viscosa ( common name , chicken lips ) is a species of mushroom in the Leotiaceae family .
Rhizopus nigricans is a fungus commonly known as bread mold and is the most common species of Rhizopus .
Choanephora is a genus of Zygomycota fungi .
Amaranthus albus is an annual species of flowering plant .
Polycotylidae is a family of plesiosaurs from the Cretaceous , a sister group to Leptocleididae .
Multidentula ovularis is a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae .
Belemnitella is a genus of belemnite from the Late Cretaceous of Europe and North America .
Box kite spiders is a common name for the Afrotropical Isoxya genus of orb - weaver spiders .
Octamyrtus is a group of plantss in the myrtle family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1922 .
Seyrigia albopunctata is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Seyrigia .
Quercus infectoria ( Aleppo oak ) is a species of oak , bearing galls that have been traditionally used for centuries in Asia medicinally .
Chikku Chikku ( Hypochaeris sessiliflora ) is a South American species of plants in the daisy family .
Allium chrysocephalum is a plant species native to China , in the provinces Gansu , Qinghai , and Sichuan .
The Sierolomorphidae are a family of about 10 known species of wasps , all in the genus Sierolomorpha , found in the Northern Hemisphere .
Euphorbia resinifera ( Resin spurge ) is a species of spurge native to Morocco , where it occurs on the slopes of the Atlas Mountains .
Ancylostoma pluridentatum is a species of parasitic hookworm that infects wild species of cats .
Divarilima pellucida is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae .
Anyphaenidae is a family araneomorph spiders , sometimes called anyphaenid sac spiders .
Delonix baccal is a species of leguminous tree in the Fabaceae family .
Aparescus praecox is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Aparescus .
The Yunnan lake newt ( Cynops wolterstorffi ) is a species of newt in the Salamandridae family , and is also known as Wolterstorff 's newt .
Amietophrynus reesi , the Merara toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Dyspanopeus sayi is a species of mud crab that is native to the Atlantic coast of North America .
Blister beetles are beetles of the family Meloidae , so called for their defensive secretion of a blistering agent , cantharidin .
Balistoides is a genus of triggerfishes native to the Indo - Pacific region .
Nembrotha lineolata is a species of nudibranch , a sea slug , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae .
Papaver pygmaeum is a species of poppy known by the common name alpine glacier poppy .
Minuartia rosei is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names peanut sandwort and peanut stitchwort .
Prototocyon or Sivacyon is an extinct genus of small omnivorous canid living during the Pleistocene .
Scarabaeus sacer is a species of dung beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae .
Paphiopedilum druryi is a species of orchid endemic to the Travancore Hills of southern India .
Fritillaria fusca is an Asian species of herbaceous plant in the lily family , native to Tibet .
Nebria dejeanii is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Austria .
Allium runyonii is a North American species of wild onion native to southern Texas about as far north as Corpus Christi , as well as to the Mexican States of Nuevo León and Tamaulipas .
Packera cardamine is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name bittercress ragwort .
Tridysderina is a genus of goblin spider .
Cicindela highlandensis is a species of beetle known by the common name Highlands tiger beetle .
Parasphaerichthys is a genus of gouramies known only from Myanmar .
Geastrum pectinatum is an inedible species of mushroom belonging to the earthstar family of fungi .
Agaricus hondensis , commonly known as the felt - ringed agaricus , is a species of fungus in the family Agaricaceae .
Conus magnificus , common name the `` magnificent cone '' , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
The Pteranodontidae are a family of large pterosaurs of the Cretaceous Period of North America .
Craterocephalus marjoriae , commonly known as Marjorie 's hardyhead or silverstreak hardyhead , is a species of fish in the family Atherinidae that is native to eastern Australia , namely central Queensland to northeastern New South Wales .
Musca osiris is a species of fly in the genus Musca .
Cleisostoma is a genus of orchid with approximately 90 accepted species widely distributed through much of the Indian Subcontinent , Southeast Asia , China , New Guinea , and some of the islands of the Western Pacific .
Chelon is a genus of mullets found in coastal marine waters , estuaries and rivers in the Indo - Pacific and northeast Atlantic , including the Mediterranean .
Althaspis is an extinct genus of pteraspidid heterostracan agnathan .
Millotia is a genus of small annual herbs in the pussy's - toes tribe within the sunflower family .
Sarocalamus is a genus of Asian bamboo in the grass family .
Liatris helleri is a species of flowering plants in the aster family known by the common names Heller 's blazing star and Heller 's gayfeather .
Danocrania is an extinct genus of brachiopod from the Upper Cretaceous and Lower Paleocene of Europe and Australia .
Sattar snowtrout ( Schizothorax curvifrons ) is a species of cyprinid native to southern Asia from Iran to China where it can be found in most types of freshwater habitats .
Harpathaumas priscus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Harpathaumas .
Acer stewarti is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a series of fossil leaves and samaras .
The genus is monotypic and contains the single species Xyleborus sporodochifer , first reported in 2007 , and found in the Ozarks in Missouri .
Hierochloe occidentalis is a species of grass known by the common name California sweetgrass .
Merlucciidae are a family of cod - like fish , including most hakes .
It consists of only one species , Pelzia alticolana , which is found in Ecuador ( Carchi Province ) .
Amanita sphaerobulbosa , commonly known as the Asian abrupt - bulbed Lepidella , is a species of agaric fungus in the family Amanitaceae .
Osteopilus is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family .
Anthracobune ( `` coal mound '' ) is an extinct genus of stem perissodactyl from the middle Eocene of the Upper Kuldana Formation of Kohat , Punjab , Pakistan .
Dendrobium unicum is a species of orchid , commonly known as the Unique Dendrobium native to Indochina ( Thailand , Laos , Vietnam ) .
Cleithrolepis is an extinct genus of ray - finned fish from the Triassic .
Eliotia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is a synonym of Rachana since Eliotia is preoccupied
Limnophora is a genus of flies , belonging to the family Muscidae .
Austrostipa crinita is a species of grass that grows in coastal parts of midwest Western Australia .
Muraenosaurus ( from the Latin `` Muraena '' meaning `` eel '' and `` Sauros '' meaning lizard ) is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosaur reptile from the Oxford Clay of Southern England .
Scabroschema scabricolle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Scabroschema .
Mordacia lapicida , also known as the Chilean Lamprey , is a species of southern topeyed lamprey endemic to southern Chile , where it can be found in riverine and marine habitats .
Sathrophyllia is a genus of Asian katydid .
Thomas 's fruit - eating bat ( Artibeus watsoni ) , sometimes also popularly called Watson 's fruit - eating bat , is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae .
Arctosa fulvolineata is a wolf spider species in the genus Arctosa found in Europe , Mallorca and North Africa .
Hemiphruda mecasa is a moth in the Drepanidae family and only species in the Hemiphruda genus .
Zodarion styliferum is a spider species found in Portugal , Spain and Madeira .
Epimecis scolopaiae is a species of moth in the family Geometridae , subfamily Ennominae .
Reichardia ligulata is a species of plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family ( Asteraceae ) native to the Canary Islands ( Tenerife , Grand Canaria and La Palma ) where it grows within gravel piles upon coastal cliffs .
Sarcodon imbricatus , commonly known as the shingled hedgehog or scaly hedgehog , is a species of tooth fungus in the order Thelephorales .
Sclerorhynchus is an extinct genus of primitive batoidean that lived in the Cretaceous .
Megachile fidelis , the faithful leafcutting bee , is a species of bee in the Megachile genus .
Turbo crassus , common name the crass turban , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Adonidia is a genus of flowering plants in the Arecaceae family .
Rodriguezia candida is a species of orchid native to Venezuela , Brazil , French Guiana , Suriname .
Vendia is a genus of oval - shaped , Ediacaran fossils ranging from 4.5 to 12.5 mm long .
The Solanaceae , or nightshades , are an economically important family of flowering plants .
Megacephala wimmeri is a brown coloured species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1958 , and is endemic to Santa Cruz , Bolivia .
Mentzelia densa is a species of flowering plant in the Loasaceae known by the common names Royal Gorge blazingstar and Royal Gorge stickleaf .
Alsodes pehuenche ( common name : Pehuenche spiny - chest frog ) is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family .
Rhynocoris iracundus is a species of assassin and thread - legged bugs belonging to the family Reduviidae , subfamily Harpactorinae .
Eleutherodactylus aporostegus ( commonly known as the Tiburon burrowing frog ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family .
Praealticus natalis , the Natal blenny or the Natal rockskipper , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific and Indian ocean .
Paysonia auriculata , the Earleaf bladderpod , is a plant species native to the south - central part of the United States .
Lentinula lateritia is a species of agaric fungus in the family Omphalotaceae .
Biebersteinia is a genus containing four species of herbs in the flowering plant order Sapindales .
Pholidichthys is a genus of perciform fish which consists of two species of the tropical Pacific Ocean .
Erronea onyx , common name the onyx cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Atractaspis congica , or the Congo burrowing asp , is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family .
Astarte castanea , or the chestnut astarte , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Astartidae .
Sociala is an extinct genus of cockroach which existed in what is now France during the early Cretaceous period ( Albian age ) .
Bombus ignitus is a species of bumblebee in the family Apidae .
Leptocharacidium omospilus is a species of fish in the Crenuchidae family ( South American darters ) .
Eulogia is a genus of the moth of the Pyralidae family containing only one species , the Broad - banded Eulogia Moth , Eulogia ochrifrontella .
Aphonopelma armada is a species of spider in the family Theraphosidae , found in United States ( Texas ) .
Machairodus is a genus of large machairodontine saber - toothed cats that lived in Europe , Asia , Africa and North America during the late Miocene .
Harpalus punctipennis is a species of ground beetle from Harpalinae subfamily that can be found in French and Italian Alps .
Psaltoda moerens , commonly known as the redeye , is an Australian species of cicada .
Carabus alexandrae cratocephaloides is a subspecies of black coloured beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Gansu , China .
The Diprionidae are a small family of conifer - feeding sawflies ( thus the common name conifer sawflies , though other Symphyta feed on conifers ) restricted to the Northern Hemisphere , with some 90 species in 11 genera worldwide .
Cypripedium yatabeanum , common name spotted lady slipper , is a species of terrestrial orchids .
In taxonomy , Ignisphaera is a genus of the Desulfurococcales .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Pseudoparodia pseudopeziza .
Eutudora jimenoi is a species of an operculate land snail , terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae .
Melanoxanthus yushiroi is a species of beetle from the Elateridae family .
Calumma boettgeri , commonly known as Boettger 's chameleon or the blue - nosed chameleon , is a chameleon species endemic to northern Madagascar , and common in the forests of Nosy Be .
Penstemon grinnellii is a species of penstemon known by the common name Grinnell 's beardtongue .
Euphorbia paralias ( sea spurge ) is a species of Euphorbia , native to Europe , northern Africa , and western Asia .
Oryzias curvinotus or the Malabar ricefish are a freshwater -- brackish fish species native to the Gulf of Kutch to Trivandrum , Kerala , India .
Terebratula is a modern genus of brachiopod with a fossil record dating back to the Late Devonian .
Gagata youssoufi is a species of sisorid catfish native to India and Bangladesh .
Callionymus aagilis , the Slow dragonet , is a species of dragonet native to the Indian Ocean around Réunion and Mauritius .
Struthiocephalus ( `` Ostrich Head '' ) is an extinct genus of dinocephalian therapsid from the Permian of South Africa .
Barry McDaniel ( born October 18 , 1930 in Lyndon , Kansas ) is an American operatic baritone who spent his career almost exclusively in Germany .
Eleanor Lausch Dietrich ( Brooklyn , NY , July 30 , 1912 - Island Park , NY , May 4 , 2001 ) was an American operatic soprano .
Andrzej Dobber ( born May 28 , 1961 in Więcbork , Poland ) is an operatic baritone .
Patrizia Ciofi ( born 7 June 1967 ) is an Italian operatic Coloratura soprano .
Jacques Isnardon ( 15 February 1860 - 14 November 1930 ) was a French bass - baritone , writer and voice teacher .
Marina Prior ( born 18 October 1963 ) is an Australian soprano and actress with a career mainly in musical theatre .
Harriett Abrams ( born c. 1758- died 8 March 1821 , Torquay ) was an English soprano and composer .
Libuše Domanínská ( surname also Klobásková and Vyčichlováborn ; 4 July 1924 , Brno ) is a Czech classical soprano who had an active career in concerts and operas from the 1940s through the 1970s .
Allan James Foley ( Signor Foli ) ( 7 August 1837 -- 10 October 1899 ) , distinguished 19th century Irish bass opera singer , was born at Cahir , Tipperary .
Philip Ritte ( 8 January 1871 -- 14 December 1954 ) was a British tenor of the early 20th century .
