author	Nontraditional Love is a dystopian novel written by the Russian writer Rafael Grugman and describes an alternative future where heterosexuality is outlawed.	Nontraditional Love	Rafael Grugman
author	The Venus of Konpara (1960) is a novel by John Masters which draws on an extreme version of the ``Aryan Invasion Theory'' model of ancient Indian history, according to which invading Aryan barbarians ruthlessly crushed underfoot the indigenous Dravidian peoples of the country, forcing them into the position of an oppressed underclass.	The Venus of Konpara	John Masters
author	Freddy the Politician (1939) is the 6th book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese.	Freddy the Politician	Walter R. Brooks
author	The Hundred and One Dalmatians, or the Great Dog Robbery is a 1956 children's novel by Dodie Smith about the robbery of the titular family of 101 Dalmatian dogs.	The Hundred and One Dalmatians	Dodie Smith
author	Poor Murderer is a play written by Pavel Kohout that premiered at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on Broadway on 20 October 1976 and closed on 2 January 1977 after 87 performances.	Poor Murderer	Pavel Kohout
author	Race Matters is a social sciences book by Cornel West.	Race Matters	Cornel West
author	With Bare Hands is Alain Robert's autobiography, published in English in 2008.	With Bare Hands	Alain Robert
author	The Story of the Night is a novel by Irish novelist Colm Tóibín, set in Argentina in the 1980s where the main character, Richard, was born.	The Story of the Night	Colm Tóibín
author	Hawkes Harbor (ISBN 0-7653-0563-1) is a 2004 novel written by S. E. Hinton.	Hawkes Harbor	S. E. Hinton
author	Death in the Andes (Lituma en los Andes) is a 1993 novel by the Nobel Prize-winning Peruvian author Mario Vargas Llosa.	Death in the Andes	Mario Vargas Llosa
author	The Cardinal of the Kremlin is a novel by Tom Clancy, featuring his character Jack Ryan.	The Cardinal of the Kremlin	Tom Clancy
author	Tales from Moominvalley (Swedish: Det osynliga barnet och andra berättelser, literally ``The Invisible Child and other stories'') is the sixth book in the Moomin series by Finnish author, Tove Jansson.	Tales from Moominvalley	Tove Jansson
author	Iron Sunrise is a 2004 hard science fiction novel by author Charles Stross, which follows the events in Singularity Sky.	Iron Sunrise	Charles Stross
author	Batman Animated is a coffee table book written by Paul Dini and designed by Chip Kidd, about the popular TV show, Batman:	Batman Animated	Paul Dini	Chip Kidd
author	Galactic North (ISBN 0-575-07910-X, published by Gollancz) is a collection of short stories by the science fiction author Alastair Reynolds.	Galactic North	Alastair Reynolds
author	La Grande Bretèche is a short story by Honoré de Balzac published in 1831.	La Grande Bretèche	Honoré de Balzac
author	Chibi Vampire, originally released in Japan as Karin (Japanese: かりん), is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuna Kagesaki.	Chibi Vampire	Yuna Kagesaki
author	Star of the Guardians is a series of fantasy novels by Margaret Weis.	Star of the Guardians	Margaret Weis
author	The first edition of University Physics was published by Mark Zemansky and Francis Sears in 1949.	University Physics	Mark Zemansky	Francis Sears
author	War at the Wall Street Journal is the first book released by author and journalist Sarah Ellison, published on May 12, 2010.	War at the Wall Street Journal	Sarah Ellison
author	``I See You Never'' is a short story by author Ray Bradbury.	I See You Never	Ray Bradbury
author	The Oregon Experiment is a 1975 book by Christopher Alexander and collaborators Murray Silverstein, Shlomo Angel, Sara Ishikawa, and Denny Abrams.	The Oregon Experiment	Christopher Alexander
author	Serpent's Reach is a 1980 science fiction novel by the United States science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.	Serpent's Reach	C. J. Cherryh
author	Red Moon and Black Mountain: the End of the House of Kendreth is a fantasy novel by Joy Chant, the first of three set in her world of Vandarei.	Red Moon and Black Mountain	Joy Chant
author	The Mammoth Hunters is an historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel released in 1985.	The Mammoth Hunters	Jean M. Auel
author	Arthur & George (2005) is the tenth novel by English author Julian Barnes which takes as its basis the true story of the ``Great Wyrley Outrages''.	Arthur & George	Julian Barnes
author	Welcome, Honourable Visitors (French: Bienvenue honorables visiteurs) is a 1958 novel by the French writer Jean Raspail.	Welcome, Honourable Visitors	Jean Raspail
author	The Enigma of Japanese Power is a political text book by Karel van Wolferen.	The Enigma of Japanese Power	Karel van Wolferen
author	An Enquiry Concerning the Principles of Morals (EPM) is a book by Scottish enlightenment philosopher David Hume.	An Enquiry Concerning the Principles of Morals	David Hume
author	Amaya o los vascos en el siglo VIII (Amaya, or the Basques in the 8th century) is a Romantic historical novel published in 1879 by Francisco Navarro-Villoslada, a noted novel by a Navarrese author.	Amaya o los vascos en el siglo VIII	Francisco Navarro-Villoslada
author	Rewriting the Soul is a 1995 book by the Canadian philosopher Ian Hacking, who offers an account of the formative influences that shape people's understandings of their lives and their understanding of the lives of those around them.	Rewriting the Soul	Ian Hacking
author	Ladies and Gentlemen, the Bible! is a book written by author and radio presenter Jonathan Goldstein.	Ladies and Gentlemen, the Bible!	Jonathan Goldstein
author	The Caine Mutiny is a 1951 Pulitzer Prize--winning novel by Herman Wouk.	The Caine Mutiny	Herman Wouk
author	La Méprise (Marivaux) is a comedy in one act and in prose, written by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux and first performed on August 6, 1734 by the Comédie-Italienne at the théâtre of the Hôtel de Bourgogne.	La Méprise (Marivaux)	Pierre de Marivaux
author	Working with the Hands by Booker T. Washington is described by its author as a sequel to his classic Up From Slavery.	Working with the Hands	Booker T. Washington
author	Maya the Bee (German: Die Biene Maja) is the main character in The Adventures of Maya the Bee, a German book, comic book series and animated television series, first written by Waldemar Bonsels and published in 1912.	Maya the Bee	Waldemar Bonsels
author	I Am My Own Wife is a play by Doug Wright based on his conversations with German Charlotte von Mahlsdorf.	I Am My Own Wife	Doug Wright
author	Ang Huling Pagluha (``The Final Shedding of Tears'') was the first novel of Filipino novelist Iñigo Ed. Regalado that appeared on the pages of the Tagalog-language magazine Liwayway.	Ang Huling Pagluha	Iñigo Ed. Regalado
author	In a Glass Darkly is a collection of five short stories by Sheridan Le Fanu, first published in 1872, the year before his death.	In a Glass Darkly	Sheridan Le Fanu
author	La Vita Nuova (pronounced (la ˈviːta ˈnwɔːva); Italian for ``The New Life'') or Vita Nova (Latin title) is a text by Dante Alighieri published in 1295.	La Vita Nuova	Dante Alighieri
author	The Praise Singer is a historical novel by Mary Renault first published in 1978.	The Praise Singer	Mary Renault
author	The Divine Heritage of the Yadavas (in some sources, Yadavs) is a book by Vithal Krishnaji Khedkar which describes a divine heritage from Krishna for those Hindu communities (Jātis) occupied with herding cattle and selling milk.	The Divine Heritage of the Yadavas	Vithal Krishnaji Khedkar
author	Turmoil in the Swaths (French: Trouble dans les andains) is a novel by the French writer Boris Vian.	Turmoil in the Swaths	Boris Vian
author	Bruges-la-Morte (French; The Dead (City of) Bruges) is a short novel by the Belgian author Georges Rodenbach, first published in 1892.	Bruges-la-Morte	Georges Rodenbach
author	``Bard's Oath'' is the third in the Dragonlord series by Joanne Bertin and was published in 2012.	Bard's Oath	Joanne Bertin
author	Hop on Pop (ISBN 978-0-394-80029-5) is a 1963 children's picture book by Dr. Seuss (Theodor Seuss Geisel).	Hop on Pop	Dr. Seuss
author	The Blade of the Courtesans is a historical fiction novel by Japanese author Keiichiro Ryu originally published in 1986.	The Blade of the Courtesans	Keiichiro Ryu
author	The Bride of Newgate, first published in 1950, is a historical whodunnit novel by John Dickson Carr which does not feature any of Carr's series detectives.	The Bride of Newgate	John Dickson Carr
author	``Ode to Youth'' (Polish: ``Oda do młodości'') is an 1820 Polish poem by Adam Mickiewicz.	Ode to Youth	Adam Mickiewicz
author	The Easy Sin is a 2002 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary.	The Easy Sin	Jon Cleary
author	The Concept of Nature in Marx (German: Der Begriff der Natur in der Lehre von Marx) is a 1962 book by Alfred Schmidt (English edition 1971), a classic account of Karl Marx's ideas about nature.	The Concept of Nature in Marx	Alfred Schmidt
author	A Town Like Alice (United States title: The Legacy) is an economic development and romance novel by Nevil Shute, published in 1950 when Shute had newly settled in Australia.	A Town Like Alice	Nevil Shute
author	Black Alley (1996) is Mickey Spillane's 13th novel featuring tougher-than-thou New York City private investigator Mike Hammer, and the last one he completed before his death in July 2006.	Black Alley	Mickey Spillane
author	Last Days of Summer is 1998 novel written by Steve Kluger.	Last Days of Summer	Steve Kluger
author	The Keys to the Kingdom is a fantasy--adventure book series written by Garth Nix, published in seven books between 2003 and 2010.	The Keys to the Kingdom	Garth Nix
author	Ghostwritten is the first novel published by the author David Mitchell.	Ghostwritten	David Mitchell
author	The Sound and the Fury is a novel written by the American author William Faulkner.	The Sound and the Fury	William Faulkner
author	Annihilation Factor is the second science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley, expanded from a 1964 short story (``The Patch'') originally published in New Worlds.	Annihilation Factor	Barrington J. Bayley
author	The Woman Hater is an early Jacobean era stage play, a comedy by Francis Beaumont and John Fletcher.	The Woman Hater	Francis Beaumont	John Fletcher
author	The Mountain Wreath (Serbian: Горски вијенац / Gorski vijenac) is a poem and a play, a masterpiece of Montenegrin literature, written by Prince-Bishop and poet Petar II Petrović-Njegoš.	The Mountain Wreath	Petar II Petrović-Njegoš
author	Spaceship to Saturn is a juvenile science fiction novel, the tenth in Hugh Walters' ``Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A.'' series.	Spaceship to Saturn	Hugh Walters
author	A Garden of Pomegranates is a 160-page book, written by Israel Regardie in 1931.	A Garden of Pomegranates	Israel Regardie
author	Le Médecin volant (The Flying Doctor) is a French play by Molière, and his first, written in 1645.	Le Médecin volant	Molière
author	Arrow's Fall is 1988 fantasy novel by Mercedes Lackey.	Arrow's Fall	Mercedes Lackey
author	Once a Runner is a novel by American author John L. Parker Jr. and was first published in 1978 by Cedarwinds (0915297019).	Once a Runner	John L. Parker
author	The book An Essay on the Principle of Population was first published in 1798 under the alias Joseph Johnson, but the author was soon identified as Thomas Robert Malthus.	An Essay on the Principle of Population	Thomas Robert Malthus
author	Indelible is the fourth book in the Grant County series by author Karin Slaughter.	Indelible	Karin Slaughter
author	Constitution of the Duchy of Warsaw was promulgated by Napoleon on 22 July 1807 in Dresden.	Constitution of the Duchy of Warsaw	Napoleon
author	Stanley Yelnats' Survival Guide to Camp Green Lake is a 2003 novel for young adults by Louis Sachar, first published by Yearling Books (Random House).	Stanley Yelnats' Survival Guide to Camp Green Lake	Louis Sachar
author	The Practice of the Presence of God is a book of collected teachings of Brother Lawrence (born Nicholas Herman), a 17th-century Carmelite monk, compiled by Father Joseph de Beaufort.	The Practice of the Presence of God	Brother Lawrence
author	Gerda malaperis! (English: Gerda Vanished!) is a novel written in Esperanto by Claude Piron of Switzerland.	Gerda malaperis!	Claude Piron
author	The Reagan Diaries is an edited version of diaries written by President Ronald Reagan while in the White House.	The Reagan Diaries	Ronald Reagan
author	The Heirs of Columbus is a 1991 novel by Gerald Vizenor that, in the face of the 500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus' arrival in America, inverts the historical record by re-imagining Columbus as a descendant of Mayans and Sephardic Jews who now wants to return home, that is, to America.	The Heirs of Columbus	Gerald Vizenor
author	The Middle Moffat by Eleanor Estes is the second novel in the children's series known as The Moffats.	The Middle Moffat	Eleanor Estes
author	The Empire Trilogy is a collaborative trilogy of political fantasy novels written by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts.	Empire Trilogy	Raymond E. Feist	Janny Wurts
author	Zlata's Diary (ISBN 0-14-024205-8) is a book by Zlata Filipović, who was a young girl living in Sarajevo while it was under siege.	Zlata's Diary	Zlata Filipović
author	The Three Impostors is an episodic novel by British horror fiction writer Arthur Machen, first published in 1895 in The Bodley Head's Keynote Series.	The Three Impostors	Arthur Machen
author	Terra baixa (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈtɛrə ˈβaʃə), meaning in English Lowlands, also known as Martha of the Lowlands) is a Catalan-language play written by Àngel Guimerà in 1896.	Terra baixa	Àngel Guimerà
author	The Negro in the South, a book written in 1907 by sociologist W. E. B. Du Bois and educator Booker T. Washington, described the social history of African-American people in the southern United States.	The Negro in the South	W. E. B. Du Bois
author	Monica's Story is the authorized biography of Monica Lewinsky, written by Andrew Morton.	Monica's Story	Andrew Morton
author	Poor Things is a novel by Scottish writer Alasdair Gray, published in 1992.	Poor Things	Alasdair Gray
author	The Opener of the Way is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Robert Bloch.	The Opener of the Way	Robert Bloch
author	Figgs & Phantoms is a comic young adult novel written and illustrated by Ellen Raskin and published by Dutton in 1974.	Figgs & Phantoms	Ellen Raskin
author	The Haunted Woman is a dark, metaphysical fantasy novel by David Lindsay.	The Haunted Woman	David Lindsay
author	I'm Not Rappaport is a play by Herb Gardner, which originally ran on Broadway in 1985.	I'm Not Rappaport	Herb Gardner
author	Italian Folktales (Fiabe italiane) is a collection of 200 Italian folktales published in 1956 by Italo Calvino.	Italian Folktales	Italo Calvino
author	A Scattered Life is a 2010 novel written by American author Karen McQuestion and published by AmazonEncore a division of Amazon Publishing.	A Scattered Life	Karen McQuestion
author	Remarks on the Foundations of Mathematics (German: Bemerkungen über die Grundlagen der Mathematik) is a book of Ludwig Wittgenstein's notes on the philosophy of mathematics.	Remarks on the Foundations of Mathematics	Ludwig Wittgenstein
author	The Heiligenstadt Testament is a letter written by Ludwig van Beethoven to his brothers Carl and Johann at Heiligenstadt (today part of Vienna) on 6 October 1802.	Heiligenstadt Testament	Ludwig van Beethoven
author	The Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses (Danish: Opbyggelige Taler), sometimes called the Eighteen Edifying Discourses, is a collection of discourses produced by Søren Kierkegaard during the years of 1843 and 1844.	Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses	Søren Kierkegaard
author	The Rez Sisters is a two-act play by Cree Canadian writer Tomson Highway, first performed on November 26, 1986, by Act IV Theatre Company and Native Earth Performing Arts.	The Rez Sisters	Tomson Highway
author	Psychology of the Unconscious (German: Wandlungen und Symbole der Libido) is an early work of Carl Jung, first published in 1912.	Psychology of the Unconscious	Carl Jung
author	The Outcry is a novel by Henry James published in 1911.	The Outcry	Henry James
author	Three Junes is Julia Glass' debut novel.	Three Junes	Julia Glass
author	CRC Concise Encyclopedia of Mathematics is a bestselling book by American author Eric W. Weisstein.	CRC Concise Encyclopedia of Mathematics	Eric W. Weisstein
author	Ruusulaakso (Finnish for: Rose Valley) is a novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.	Ruusulaakso	Kaari Utrio
author	Pegasus in Flight (1990) is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey set in her ``Talents Universe''.	Pegasus in Flight	Anne McCaffrey
author	Sassafrass, Cypress & Indigo is a 1982 novel written by Ntozake Shange and first published by St. Martin's Press.	Sassafrass, Cypress & Indigo	Ntozake Shange
author	The Thief's Journal (Journal du voleur) is perhaps Jean Genet's most famous work.	The Thief's Journal	Jean Genet
author	Freedom from the Known is a book by Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895--1986), originally published 1969.	Freedom from the Known	Jiddu Krishnamurti
author	Vincent in Brixton is a 2003 play by Nicholas Wright.	Vincent in Brixton	Nicholas Wright
author	The Doll and One Other is a collection of two fantasy and horror novelettes by author Algernon Blackwood.	The Doll and One Other	Algernon Blackwood
author	The Holdfast Chronicles is a series of books by American feminist science fiction author Suzy McKee Charnas.	The Holdfast Chronicles	Suzy McKee Charnas
author	How Music Works is a non-fiction book by David Byrne, a musician, writer, and public figure best known for his work with the group Talking Heads.	How Music Works	David Byrne
author	Bud, Not Buddy is a children's novel written by Christopher Paul Curtis, published in 1999.	Bud, Not Buddy	Christopher Paul Curtis
author	Sarraceniaceae of South America is a monograph on the pitcher plants of the genus Heliamphora by Stewart McPherson, Andreas Wistuba, Andreas Fleischmann, and Joachim Nerz.	Sarraceniaceae of South America	Stewart McPherson	Andreas Wistuba	Joachim Nerz
author	God Makes the Rivers to Flow is an anthology of spiritual texts for use in meditation, assembled by Eknath Easwaran.	God Makes the Rivers to Flow	Eknath Easwaran
author	The Open Software License (OSL) is a software license created by Lawrence Rosen.	Open Software License	Lawrence Rosen
author	The Dancers at the End of Time is a series of science fiction novels and short stories written by Michael Moorcock, the setting of which is the End of Time, an era ``where entropy is king and the universe has begun collapsing upon itself''.	The Dancers at the End of Time	Michael Moorcock
author	The Instruction of Hardjedef, also known as the Teaching of Hordedef and Teaching of Djedefhor, belongs to the didactic literature of the Egyptian Old Kingdom.	Instruction of Hardjedef	Djedefhor
author	News of a Kidnapping (original Spanish title: Noticia de un secuestro) is a non-fiction book by Gabriel García Márquez.	News of a Kidnapping	Gabriel García Márquez
author	Dragon and Thief is a science fiction/adventure novel published in 2003 by Timothy Zahn.	Dragon and Thief	Timothy Zahn
author	December Park is a coming of age/bildungsroman suspense novel written by Ronald Malfi.	December Park	Ronald Malfi
author	Doctor Copernicus is a novel by John Banville, first published in 1976.	Doctor Copernicus	John Banville
author	Edge of Dark Water is a murder/mystery novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	Edge of Dark Water	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Revolutionary Suicide is an autobiography written by Huey P. Newton, co-founder and leader of the Black Panther Party (BPP).	Revolutionary Suicide	Huey P. Newton
author	Generation Dead is a young adult supernatural romance novel by Daniel Waters.	Generation Dead	Daniel Waters
author	Planet News is a book of poetry written by Allen Ginsberg and published by City Lights.	Planet News	Allen Ginsberg
author	Bouvard et Pécuchet is an unfinished satirical work by Gustave Flaubert, published in 1881 after his death in 1880.	Bouvard et Pécuchet	Gustave Flaubert
author	The Love and Death of Cornet Christopher Rilke is a prose poem written by Rainer Maria Rilke in 1899, revised in 1906, and published in 1912.	The Love and Death of Cornet Christopher Rilke	Rainer Maria Rilke
author	Ishmael and the Return of the Dugongs is a fiction book by Michael Gerard Bauer, released in 2007.	Ishmael and the Return of the Dugongs	Michael Gerard Bauer
author	Under the Banyan Tree and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by R. K. Narayan, set in and around the fictitious town of Malgudi in South India.	Under the Banyan Tree and Other Stories	R. K. Narayan
author	Ancestors of Avalon is a 2004 historical fantasy novel written by Diana L. Paxson, and based on an idea of the late Marion Zimmer Bradley.	Ancestors of Avalon	Diana L. Paxson	Marion Zimmer Bradley
author	The Amalgamation Polka (2006) is the fourth novel by writer Stephen Wright.	The Amalgamation Polka	Stephen Wright
author	Seveneves is a speculative fiction novel by Neal Stephenson, published in 2015.	Seveneves	Neal Stephenson
author	Señor Saint is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris that first appeared in The Saint Detective Magazine.	Señor Saint	Leslie Charteris
author	Hey Nostradamus! is a novel by Douglas Coupland centred on a fictional 1988 school shooting in suburban Vancouver, British Columbia and its aftermath.	Hey Nostradamus!	Douglas Coupland
author	The World of William Clissold is a 1926 novel by H. G. Wells published initially in three volumes.	The World of William Clissold	H. G. Wells
author	Memoirs of Many in One is a 1986 novel by Patrick White, in which White is taken to be editing the papers of a fictional Alex Gray.	Memoirs of Many in One	Patrick White
author	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari is a book about the development of character and discipline in life, written by Robin Sharma, a writer and leadership guru.	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari	Robin Sharma
author	Companion Piece is an original novella written by Robert Perry and Mike Tucker and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Companion Piece	Robert Perry
author	Star Over Bethlehem is an illustrated book of poetry and short stories on a religious theme by crime writer Agatha Christie.	Star Over Bethlehem	Agatha Christie
author	Meredith and Co. is a classic children's novel with a school setting by George Mills.	Meredith and Co.	George Mills
author	The Peoples of Middle-earth (1996) is the 12th and final volume of The History of Middle-earth, edited by Christopher Tolkien from the unpublished manuscripts of his father J. R. R. Tolkien.	The Peoples of Middle-earth	Christopher Tolkien	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	Half-Broken Things is a 2003 psychological thriller novel by English author Morag Joss.	Half-Broken Things	Morag Joss
author	``Super-Neutron'' is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov, originally published in the September 1941 issue of Astonishing Stories, and included in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov.	Super-Neutron	Isaac Asimov
author	Gilgamesh the King is a 1984 historical novel by Robert Silverberg presenting the Epic of Gilgamesh as a novel.	Gilgamesh the King	Robert Silverberg
author	Designing Economic Mechanisms is a 2006 book by economists Leonid Hurwicz and Stanley Reiter.	Designing Economic Mechanisms	Leonid Hurwicz	Stanley Reiter
author	The Perfectionist is a play by David Williamson about an academic who is working on a PhD.	The Perfectionist	David Williamson
author	The Acid House is a 1994 book by Irvine Welsh, later made into a film of the same name.	The Acid House	Irvine Welsh
author	The Housing Boom and Bust is a non-fiction book written by Thomas Sowell about the United States housing bubble and following subprime mortgage crisis.	The Housing Boom and Bust	Thomas Sowell
author	The Encyclopédie française was a French encyclopedia designed by Anatole de Monzie and Lucien Febvre.	Encyclopédie française	Lucien Febvre
author	Levels of the Game is a 1969 book by John McPhee, nominally about tennis and tennis players, but exploring deeper issues as well.	Levels of the Game	John McPhee
author	My Life in Art is the autobiography of the Russian actor and theatre director Constantin Stanislavski.	My Life in Art	Constantin Stanislavski
author	Taming the Star Runner (1988) is a young adult coming-of-age novel written by S. E. Hinton, author of The Outsiders.	Taming the Star Runner	S. E. Hinton
author	Shadow Patriots is 2005 historical novel by Lucia St. Clair Robson.	Shadow Patriots	Lucia St. Clair Robson
author	The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao (2007) is a novel written by Dominican American author Junot Díaz.	The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao	Junot Díaz
author	Looking for Alaska is John Green's first novel, published in March 2005 by Dutton Juvenile.	Looking for Alaska	John Green
author	Requiem for a Nun is a work of fiction written by William Faulkner which was first published in 1951.	Requiem for a Nun	William Faulkner
author	Ender's Game is a 1985 military science fiction novel by American author Orson Scott Card.	Ender's Game	Orson Scott Card
author	``The Complexity of Songs'' was a journal article published by computer scientist Donald Knuth in 1977, as an in-joke about computational complexity theory.	The Complexity of Songs	Donald Knuth
author	Me Talk Pretty One Day, published in 2000, is a bestselling collection of essays by American humorist David Sedaris.	Me Talk Pretty One Day	David Sedaris
author	The Secret Hide-Out is a children's novel written and illustrated by children's author John Peterson, who also created The Littles.	The Secret Hide-Out	John Peterson
author	Anita and Me is Meera Syal's debut novel, and was first published in 1996.	Anita and Me	Meera Syal
author	Premium Harmony is a 3,700-word short story by American author Stephen King.	Premium Harmony	Stephen King
author	The Only Witness by Jude Watson is the seventeenth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice.	The Only Witness	Jude Watson
author	The Treatment of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire is a book written by the Viscount Bryce and Arnold J. Toynbee that contains a compilation of statements from eyewitnesses of Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Sweden, and Switzerland who witnessed the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire during 1915-1916.	The Treatment of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire	Arnold J. Toynbee
author	Le Génie des alpages is a comic book series by French comics creator, F'Murr.	Le Génie des alpages	F'Murr
author	Traveller Wedding is a 2009 novel by Irish filmmaker Graham Jones.	Traveller Wedding	Graham Jones
author	The Imperial Presidency by Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., is a book published in 1973 by Houghton Mifflin.	The Imperial Presidency	Arthur M. Schlesinger
author	Open Secrets (ISBN 0-099-45971-X) is a book of short stories by Alice Munro published by McClelland and Stewart in 1994.	Open Secrets	Alice Munro
author	Trueman Bradley is a fictional character in a series of detective novels written by Alexei Maxim Russell.	Trueman Bradley	Alexei Maxim Russell
author	The Blackhouse is the first novel of The Lewis Trilogy by Scottish writer Peter May.	The Blackhouse	Peter May
author	Our Game (term similar to the Great Game) is a novel by John le Carré published in 1995.	Our Game	John le Carré
author	Povídky malostranské (in English: Tales of the Lesser Quarter) is a collection of short stories by the Czech writer Jan Neruda that appeared in 1877.	Povídky malostranské	Jan Neruda
author	No Exit (French: Huis Clos, pronounced: (ɥi klo)) is a 1944 existentialist French play by Jean-Paul Sartre.	No Exit	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	Busabos ng Palad (Pauper of Fate or The Wretched) is a Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Faustino Aguilar in 1909.	Busabos ng Palad	Faustino Aguilar
author	Don't Dress for Dinner is a two-act play by French playwright Marc Camoletti, who wrote the farce Boeing-Boeing.	Don't Dress for Dinner	Marc Camoletti
author	Dragonwings is a children's historical novel by Laurence Yep, published by Harper & Row in 1975.	Dragonwings	Laurence Yep
author	Camelot 3000 is an American twelve-issue comic book limited series written by Mike W. Barr and penciled by Brian Bolland.	Camelot 3000	Mike W. Barr
author	Montezuma's Daughter, first published in 1893, is a novel written by the Victorian adventure writer H. Rider Haggard.	Montezuma's Daughter	H. Rider Haggard
author	Under the Mountain is a 1979 children's book by New Zealand writer Maurice Gee.	Under the Mountain	Maurice Gee
author	Beastly Tales is a 1991 collection of ten fables in poetry written by Vikram Seth (UK ISBN 978-0-7538-1034-7, also US ISBN 978-0-7538-0774-3).	Beastly Tales	Vikram Seth
author	``The Portrait of Mr. W. H.'' is a story written by Oscar Wilde, first published in Blackwood's Magazine in 1889.	The Portrait of Mr. W. H.	Oscar Wilde
author	The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern is the second novel in Lilian Jackson Braun's ``The Cat Who...'' series, published in 1967.	The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern	Lilian Jackson Braun
author	More Things in Heaven is a science fiction novel written by John Brunner and based in part on an earlier work, The Astronauts Must Not Land copyrighted in 1963 by Ace Books, revised version published in 1973 by Dell Books.	More Things in Heaven	John Brunner
author	The VALIS trilogy is a set of science fiction/philosophical novels by author Philip K. Dick which include VALIS (1978), The Divine Invasion (1980), and The Owl in Daylight (unfinished/unpublished).	VALIS trilogy	Philip K. Dick
author	Earthborn (1995) is the concluding fifth book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card.	Earthborn	Orson Scott Card
author	The Book of the Short Sun (1999--2001) is a series of three science fantasy novels or one three-volume novel by the American author Gene Wolfe.	The Book of the Short Sun	Gene Wolfe
author	What Will Fat Cat Sit On? is a 2007 children's picture book by Jan Thomas.	What Will Fat Cat Sit On?	Jan Thomas
author	Pieces of Time is a 1973 book by Peter Bogdanovich consisting of a collection of writings by Bogdanovich on film, including pieces he had previously done for Esquire.	Pieces of Time	Peter Bogdanovich
author	Ella Enchanted is a Newbery Honor book written by Gail Carson Levine and published in 1997.	Ella Enchanted	Gail Carson Levine
author	Proust and Signs (French: Marcel Proust et les signes) is a 1964 book by Gilles Deleuze in which he explores the system of signs within the work of the celebrated French novelist Marcel Proust.	Proust and Signs	Gilles Deleuze
author	The History of Henry Esmond is a historical novel by William Makepeace Thackeray, originally published in 1852.	The History of Henry Esmond	William Makepeace Thackeray
author	Sex and Character (German: Geschlecht und Charakter) is a book published in 1903 by Otto Weininger.	Sex and Character	Otto Weininger
author	America Is in the Heart, sometimes subtitled A Personal History, is a 1946 semi-autobiographical novel written by Filipino American immigrant poet, fiction writer, short story teller, and activist, Carlos Bulosan.	America Is in the Heart	Carlos Bulosan
author	The Bounty Trilogy is a book comprising three novels by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall.	The Bounty Trilogy	Charles Nordhoff	James Norman Hall
author	Liolà (Italian pronunciation: (ljoˈla)) is an Italian stage play written by Luigi Pirandello, which takes place in 19th century Sicily.	Liolà	Luigi Pirandello
author	Ink Exchange is an urban fantasy novel written by Melissa Marr.	Ink Exchange	Melissa Marr
author	Cathedral of the Sea is a historical novel by Spanish author Ildefonso Falcones.	Cathedral of the Sea	Ildefonso Falcones
author	Lyre and Sword (Ger., Leyer und Schwerdt, modern spelling, Leier und Schwert) is a collection of patriotic poetry by Theodor Körner (1791-1813), which first appeared posthumously in 1814, consisting mostly of poems from the last year of his life.	Lyre and Sword	Theodor Körner
author	W, or the Memory of Childhood (French: W ou le souvenir d'enfance), is a semi-autobiographical work of fiction by Georges Perec, published in 1975.	W, or the Memory of Childhood	Georges Perec
author	Parerga and Paralipomena (Greek for ``Appendices'' and ``Omissions'', respectively; German: Parerga und Paralipomena) is a collection of philosophical reflections by Arthur Schopenhauer published in 1851.	Parerga and Paralipomena	Arthur Schopenhauer
author	Die schwarzen Brüder (English: The Black Brothers) is the best-known story of German writer Lisa Tetzner and one of the most widely read children's books in the world.	Die schwarzen Brüder	Lisa Tetzner
author	Michelle Remembers is a book published in 1980 co-written by Canadian psychiatrist Lawrence Pazder and his psychiatric patient (and eventual wife) Michelle Smith.	Michelle Remembers	Lawrence Pazder
author	Wild Meat and the Bully Burgers is a Japanese American-Hawaiian adult fiction novel by Lois-Ann Yamanaka.	Wild Meat and the Bully Burgers	Lois-Ann Yamanaka
author	Ayodhya 6 December 1992 (ISBN 0-670-05858-0) is a book written by P. V. Narasimha Rao and published on 1 August 2006, the tenth Prime Minister of India.	Ayodhya 6 December 1992	P. V. Narasimha Rao
author	The Collapsium is a 2000 hard science fiction novel by Wil McCarthy, the first in the Queendom of Sol series.	The Collapsium	Wil McCarthy
author	The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing is a 1999 collection of linked short stories by Melissa Bank.	The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing	Melissa Bank
author	``The Jewbird'' is a short story by the Jewish-American writer Bernard Malamud.	The Jewbird	Bernard Malamud
author	TimeTripper is a series of science fiction books by Stefan Petrucha.	TimeTripper	Stefan Petrucha
author	Sikyonios or Sikyonioi (Greek: Σικυῶνιος/Σικυῶνιοι), translated as The Sicyonian(s) or The Man from Sicyon, is an Ancient Greek comedy by Menander.	Sikyonioi	Menander
author	The Long Earth is the first novel in a collaborative science fiction series by British authors Terry Pratchett and Stephen Baxter.	The Long Earth	Terry Pratchett	Stephen Baxter
author	The Romance of Atlantis is a fantasy novel by Taylor Caldwell about the ancient, erudite, and very advanced civilisation of Atlantis.	Romance of Atlantis	Taylor Caldwell
author	The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) published a special report on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation (SRREN) on May 9, 2011.	Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation	Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
author	From Wimbledon to Waco is a 1995 travelogue book written by Nigel Williams describing his family's first visit to the United States.	From Wimbledon to Waco	Nigel Williams
author	The Ghost Drum is a children's fantasy novel by Susan Price, published by Faber in 1987, and the first book in the Ghost World trilogy (1987 to 1995).	The Ghost Drum	Susan Price
author	The Swallows and Amazons series is a series of twelve children's books by English author Arthur Ransome, named after the title of the first book in the series and set between the two World Wars.	Swallows and Amazons series	Arthur Ransome
author	State of Fear is a 2004 techno-thriller novel by Michael Crichton in which eco-terrorists plot mass murder to publicize the danger of global warming.	State of Fear	Michael Crichton
author	``Foster, You're Dead!'' is a 1955 science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick.	Foster, You're Dead!	Philip K. Dick
author	Time's Champion is a work of Doctor Who fan fiction, written by Chris McKeon on the basis of an original novel outline by Craig Hinton, and incorporating fragments of text written by Hinton before his death.	Time's Champion	Craig Hinton
author	Elephant Run is a young adult historical novel by Roland Smith, first published in 2007.	Elephant Run	Roland Smith
author	Enemies & Allies is a 2009 novel by American science fiction author Kevin J. Anderson.	Enemies & Allies	Kevin J. Anderson
author	Rosarium Virginis Mariae (English: Rosary of the Virgin Mary) is an Apostolic Letter by Pope John Paul II, issued on October 16, 2002, which declared October 2002 to October 2003 the ``Year of the Rosary''.	Rosarium Virginis Mariae	John Paul II
author	Schopenhauer's Telescope is the debut novel of Irish novelist and poet Gerard Donovan.	Schopenhauer's Telescope	Gerard Donovan
author	Dark Quetzal is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts, first published in 2003 by The Chicken House.	Dark Quetzal	Katherine Roberts
author	The Possibility of an Island (French: La Possibilité d'une île) is a 2005 novel by French novelist Michel Houellebecq, set within a cloning cult that resembles the real-world Raëlians.	The Possibility of an Island	Michel Houellebecq
author	The Red Queen's Race is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov that uses the Red Queen's race from Lewis Carroll's Through the Looking-Glass as a metaphor for the final plot twist.	The Red Queen's Race	Isaac Asimov
author	The Important Book is a 1949 children's picture book written by Margaret Wise Brown and illustrated by Leonard Weisgard.	The Important Book	Margaret Wise Brown
author	Carpenter's Gothic is the title of the third novel by William Gaddis, published in 1985 by Viking.	Carpenter's Gothic	William Gaddis
author	Confessions of a Video Vixen is a memoir written by Karrine Steffans which details the first 25 years of her life.	Confessions of a Video Vixen	Karrine Steffans
author	The Paradoxes of Mr. Pond is G. K. Chesterton's final collection of detective stories, published after his death in 1936.	The Paradoxes of Mr. Pond	G. K. Chesterton
author	``The End of the Whole Mess'' is a short science fiction story by Stephen King which was first published in Omni Magazine in 1986, and in 1993 was collected in King's Nightmares & Dreamscapes.	The End of the Whole Mess	Stephen King
author	An Essay in Aid of a Grammar of Assent (commonly abbreviated to the last three words) is John Henry Newman's book on the philosophy of faith, his seminal work.	Grammar of Assent	John Henry Newman
author	The Undersea Trilogy is a series of three Science Fiction novels by authors Frederik Pohl and Jack Williamson.	Undersea Trilogy	Frederik Pohl	Jack Williamson
author	La Vie de Bohème (full title in French, Scènes de la vie de bohème) is a work by Henri Murger, published in 1851.	La Vie de Bohème	Henri Murger
author	She and Allan is a novel by H. Rider Haggard, first published in 1921.	She and Allan	H. Rider Haggard
author	The Universe in a Nutshell is one of Stephen Hawking's books on theoretical physics.	The Universe in a Nutshell	Stephen Hawking
author	Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow, published in 1886, is a collection of humorous essays by Jerome K. Jerome.	Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow	Jerome K. Jerome
author	Rousing Call to Hindu Nation or Swami Vivekananda's Rousing Call to Hindu Nation (1963) is a compilation of Indian Hindu monk Swami Vivekananda's writings and speeches edited by Eknath Ranade the leader of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh.	Rousing Call to Hindu Nation	Swami Vivekananda
author	The Darkroom of Damocles (Dutch: De donkere kamer van Damokles) is a war novel by the Dutch writer Willem Frederik Hermans, published in 1958.	The Darkroom of Damocles	Willem Frederik Hermans
author	The Discworld Almanak is a spin-off book from Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels, in a similar format to the Diaries and Nanny Ogg's Cookbook.	The Discworld Almanak	Terry Pratchett
author	The Young Manhood of Studs Lonigan is a 1934 novel by James T. Farrell, and the second part of Farrell's trilogy based on the life of William ``Studs'' Lonigan.	The Young Manhood of Studs Lonigan	James T. Farrell
author	An Antarctic Mystery (French: Le Sphinx des glaces, The Sphinx of the Ice Fields) is a two-volume novel by Jules Verne.	An Antarctic Mystery	Jules Verne
author	Suzuki Beane is a humor book written in 1961 by Sandra Scoppettone and illustrated by Louise Fitzhugh.	Suzuki Beane	Sandra Scoppettone
author	Children of the Jedi is a 1995 bestselling fictional Star Wars novel written by Barbara Hambly.	Children of the Jedi	Barbara Hambly
author	The World's Greatest Super-Heroes is the name to the oversized slipcased hardcover collection, consisting of six oversized graphic novels all created by writer Paul Dini and artist Alex Ross.	The World's Greatest Super-Heroes	Paul Dini
author	The Ozmapolitan of Oz is a 1986 novel written and illustrated by Dick Martin.	The Ozmapolitan of Oz	Dick Martin
author	The God of Animals is the debut novel by Aryn Kyle first published in 2007.	The God of Animals	Aryn Kyle
author	Sinister Barrier is an English language science fiction novel by author Eric Frank Russell.	Sinister Barrier	Eric Frank Russell
author	Indigo Vertigo is a 48-page graphic novella, written by KatieJane Garside and illustrated by Dogwitch creator, Daniel Schaffer.	Indigo Vertigo	KatieJane Garside
author	Lord Randy, My Son is a short story by Joe L. Hensley from Harlan Ellison's science fiction anthology Dangerous Visions.	Lord Randy, My Son	Joe L. Hensley
author	Socialism or Barbarism is a book about globalism, U.S. socialism and capitalist systems by Hungarian Marxist philosopher and Professor Emeritus István Mészáros.	Socialism or Barbarism	István Mészáros
author	The Heechee are a fictional alien race from the science fiction works of Frederik Pohl.	Heechee	Frederik Pohl
author	My Cousin, My Gastroenterologist is a postmodernist/absurdist book written by Mark Leyner, published by Vintage Contemporaries in 1990.	My Cousin, My Gastroenterologist	Mark Leyner
author	Garan the Eternal is a collection of short fiction by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton.	Garan the Eternal	Andre Norton
author	Fatal Revenant is the second novel by Stephen R. Donaldson in the four book series The Last Chronicles of Thomas Covenant.	Fatal Revenant	Stephen R. Donaldson
author	I Spit on Your Graves (French: J'irai cracher sur vos tombes) is a 1946 crime novel by the French writer Boris Vian, published under the pseudonym Vernon Sullivan.	I Spit on Your Graves	Boris Vian
author	Girl Online is the debut novel by English author and internet celebrity Zoe Sugg, released on 25 November 2014 through Penguin Books.	Girl Online	Zoe Sugg
author	From the Teeth of Angels is a novel by the American writer Jonathan Carroll, first published in 1994.	From the Teeth of Angels	Jonathan Carroll
author	Demain dès l'aube is one of French writer Victor Hugo's most famous poems.	Demain dès l'aube	Victor Hugo
author	Telephone Poles is the second book of poetry written by American writer John Updike.	Telephone Poles	John Updike
author	The Boy Who Cried Fabulous (Tricycle Press, March 2004 ISBN 1-58246-101-5) is a children's book by Lesléa Newman and is illustrated by Peter Ferguson.	The Boy Who Cried Fabulous	Lesléa Newman
author	Economics and the Public Purpose is a 1973 book by Harvard economist John Kenneth Galbraith.	Economics and the Public Purpose	John Kenneth Galbraith
author	Almost a Revolution is an autobiography by the Chinese democracy movement leader Shen Tong, written with former Washington Post writer Marianne Yen.	Almost a Revolution	Shen Tong
author	The Horns of Elfland is a 1997 fantasy anthology edited by Ellen Kushner, Delia Sherman and Donald G. Keller.	The Horns of Elfland	Ellen Kushner	Delia Sherman	Donald G. Keller
author	``A Little Something Special'' is a comic book story created by Don Rosa to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Scrooge McDuck's first appearance in Carl Barks's ``Christmas on Bear Mountain'' in 1947.	A Little Something Special	Don Rosa
author	Tim the Tiny Horse at Large is a book of stories for children written and illustrated by comedian Harry Hill and published in 2008.	Tim the Tiny Horse at Large	Harry Hill
author	An Analytic History of Persian Modern Poetry (Persian: تاریخ تحلیلی شعر نو‎) is a research work on Persian contemporary poetry by Shams Langeroodi, first published in 1998.	An Analytic History of Persian Modern Poetry	Shams Langeroodi
author	The True Confessions of Adrian Albert Mole, Margaret Hilda Roberts and Susan Lillian Townsend is the third book in the Adrian Mole series, written by Sue Townsend.	The True Confessions of Adrian Albert Mole	Sue Townsend
author	Jeff, One Lonely Guy is a 2012 nonfiction book by Jeff Ragsdale.	Jeff, One Lonely Guy	Jeff Ragsdale
author	The War of the Flowers is a fantasy novel by Tad Williams about a rocker who is drawn into a magical world while reading a book.	The War of the Flowers	Tad Williams
author	Scratch One is Michael Crichton's second novel to be published.	Scratch One	Michael Crichton
author	The Stone Monkey is a novel by crime writer Jeffery Deaver.	The Stone Monkey	Jeffery Deaver
author	The Frozen Deep is an 1856 play, originally staged as an amateur theatrical, written by Wilkie Collins under the substantial guidance of Charles Dickens.	The Frozen Deep	Wilkie Collins	Charles Dickens
author	The Wavewatcher's Companion is a 2010 science book by Gavin Pretor-Pinney.	The Wavewatcher's Companion	Gavin Pretor-Pinney
author	Parliament of Whores is an international best-selling political humor book by P. J. O'Rourke published by Atlantic Monthly Press in 1991.	Parliament of Whores	P. J. O'Rourke
author	The Quincunx (The Inheritance of John Huffam) is the epic first novel of Charles Palliser.	The Quincunx	Charles Palliser
author	A Chancer is a novel by the Scottish writer James Kelman published in 1985.	A Chancer	James Kelman
author	Between Foxrock and a Hard Place is a 2010 play by Paul Howard, as part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.	Between Foxrock and a Hard Place	Paul Howard
author	The Final Circle of Paradise (Russian: Хищные вещи века, literally Predatory Things of the Century) is a science fiction novel by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky (also spelled Strugatski or Strugatskii) set in the first half of the 21st century.	The Final Circle of Paradise	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
author	Tales of a Wayside Inn is a collection of poems by American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.	Tales of a Wayside Inn	Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
author	``Mimsy Were the Borogoves'' is a science fiction short story by Lewis Padgett (a pseudonym of Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore) that was originally published in the February 1943 issue of Astounding Science Fiction Magazine.	Mimsy Were the Borogoves	Lewis Padgett
author	People of the Pear Tree is a 1993 novel by Eurasian Singaporean writer Rex Shelley, which tells the story of a Eurasian family, the Pereras, during the Japanese Occupation of Singapore and Malaya.	People of the Pear Tree	Rex Shelley
author	The Open Letter to Hobbyists was a 1976 open letter written by Bill Gates, the co-founder of Microsoft, to early personal computer hobbyists, in which Gates expresses dismay at the rampant copyright infringement of software taking place in the hobbyist community, particularly with regard to his company's software.	Open Letter to Hobbyists	Bill Gates
author	Jumpers is a play by Tom Stoppard which was first performed in 1972.	Jumpers	Tom Stoppard
author	The Crack-Up (1945) is a collection of essays by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald.	The Crack-Up	F. Scott Fitzgerald
author	Zone One is a 2011 The New York Times best-selling novel by African American author Colson Whitehead.	Zone One	Colson Whitehead
author	Juggler of Worlds (2008) is the sequel novel to Fleet of Worlds by Larry Niven and Edward M. Lerner.	Juggler of Worlds	Larry Niven	Edward M. Lerner
author	Love in the Ruins (subtitle:The Adventures of a Bad Catholic at a Time Near the End of the World) is a novel of speculative or science fiction by author Walker Percy from 1971.	Love in the Ruins	Walker Percy
author	Writing Drama (French: La dramaturgie) is a treatise by French writer and filmmaker Yves Lavandier, originally published in 1994, revised in 1997, 2004, 2008, 2011 and 2014.	Writing Drama	Yves Lavandier
author	The Roots of Coincidence is a 1972 book by Arthur Koestler, an introduction to theories of parapsychology, including extrasensory perception and psychokinesis.	The Roots of Coincidence	Arthur Koestler
author	Pure Moxie is a memoir by Leda Sanford, the first female publisher of a major national magazine.	Pure Moxie	Leda Sanford
author	Aunt Louisa's Oft Told Tales is a book by Laura Valentine released in the 1870s and containing an abridged version of Robinson Crusoe as well as ``Children in the Wood'', ``Hare and Tortoise'' and some other stories.	Aunt Louisa's Oft Told Tales	Laura Valentine
author	The Moralia (Ancient Greek: Ἠθικά Ethika; loosely translated as ``Morals'' or ``Matters relating to customs and mores'') of the 1st-century Greek scholar Plutarch of Chaeronea is an eclectic collection of 78 essays and transcribed speeches.	Moralia	Plutarch
author	Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns is a fairytale written by Princess Märtha Louise of Norway and released as a children's book in the US in 2005.	Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns	Princess Märtha Louise of Norway
author	Clonk Clonk is one of three novellas by William Golding, published together under the title The Scorpion God in 1971.	Clonk Clonk	William Golding
author	The Story of a Year is the title of a short story by American writer Henry James that first appeared in the March 1865 issue of the Atlantic Monthly.	The Story of a Year	Henry James
author	Butterfly Burning is a novel written by Zimbabwean writer Yvonne Vera.	Butterfly Burning	Yvonne Vera
author	Disordered Minds (2003) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters.	Disordered Minds	Minette Walters
author	The Law of Enclosures is a 1996 novel by Dale Peck, which was adapted into the 1999 film The Law of Enclosures by Canadian director John Greyson.	The Law of Enclosures	Dale Peck
author	Angle of Repose is a 1971 novel by Wallace Stegner about a wheelchair-using historian, Lyman Ward, who has lost connection with his son and living family and decides to write about his frontier-era grandparents.	Angle of Repose	Wallace Stegner
author	La Cousine Bette (French pronunciation: ​(la kuzin bɛt), Cousin Bette) is an 1846 novel by French author Honoré de Balzac.	Cousin Bette	Honoré de Balzac
author	Pitcher Plants of the Old World is a two-volume monograph by Stewart McPherson on the pitcher plants of the genera Nepenthes and Cephalotus.	Pitcher Plants of the Old World	Stewart McPherson
author	The Worthing series is the series of books by Orson Scott Card.	The Worthing series	Orson Scott Card
author	Anastasia, Ask Your Analyst (1984) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry.	Anastasia, Ask Your Analyst	Lois Lowry
author	Le Cabinet des Antiques (The Cabinet of Antiquities) is a French novel published by Honoré de Balzac in 1838 under the title les Rivalités en province (Rivalries in the provinces) in le Constitutionnel, then published as a work in its own right in 1838 by the Souverain publishing house.	Le Cabinet des Antiques	Honoré de Balzac
author	The Advancement of Learning (full title: Of the Proficience and Advancement of Learning, Divine and Human) is a 1605 book by Francis Bacon.	The Advancement of Learning	Francis Bacon
author	Running with the Demon is the first book in the Word & Void fantasy series, written by Terry Brooks as a prequel to his Shannara series.	Running with the Demon	Terry Brooks
author	Paul Kelver is a 1902 autobiographical novel by Jerome K. Jerome (best known for Three Men in a Boat).	Paul Kelver	Jerome K. Jerome
author	Toward a Feminist Theory of the State is a 1989 book about feminist political theory by Catharine MacKinnon.	Toward a Feminist Theory of the State	Catharine MacKinnon
author	Speeches for Doctor Frankenstein is a poetry collection written by Canadian author Margaret Atwood, published in 1966.	Speeches for Doctor Frankenstein	Margaret Atwood
author	Skinner's Room is a short story by William Gibson originally composed for Visionary San Francisco, a 1990 museum exhibition exploring the future of San Francisco.	Skinner's Room	William Gibson
author	The Harriers is a 1991 anthology of shared world short stories, edited by Gordon R. Dickson.	The Harriers	Gordon R. Dickson
author	Lou! is a French comic book series and animated television series created by Julien Neel.	Lou!	Julien Neel
author	Tokyo Tribes, known in Japanese as Tokyo Tribe2 (トウキョウ トライブ トゥー Tōkyō Toraibu Tū), is a seinen manga series by Santa Inoue.	Tokyo Tribes	Santa Inoue
author	I Killed the Count is a 1937 play by Alec Coppel.	I Killed the Count	Alec Coppel
author	Anti-Dühring (German: Herrn Eugen Dührings Umwälzung der Wissenschaft) is a book by Friedrich Engels, first published in German in 1878.	Anti-Dühring	Friedrich Engels
author	Dubliners is a collection of fifteen short stories by James Joyce, first published in 1914.	Dubliners	James Joyce
author	The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath is a novella by H. P. Lovecraft (1890--1937).	The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The New Road is a historical novel by the Scottish writer Neil Munro, which was adapted as a television serial by the BBC.	The New Road	Neil Munro
author	Agrippa (A Book of the Dead) is a work of art created by science fiction novelist William Gibson, artist Dennis Ashbaugh and publisher Kevin Begos Jr. in 1992.	Agrippa (A Book of the Dead)	William Gibson
author	These Three Remain is a 2005 historical Romance novel by Pamela Aidan.	These Three Remain	Pamela Aidan
author	The Pound Era (ISBN 0520024273) is a book by Hugh Kenner, published in 1971.	The Pound Era	Hugh Kenner
author	The Sea of Monsters is a fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology written by Rick Riordan published in 2006.	The Sea of Monsters	Rick Riordan
author	The Country Attorney is a 1787 comic play by the British writer Richard Cumberland.	The Country Attorney	Richard Cumberland
author	Law, Legislation and Liberty is the 1973 magnum opus in three volumes by Nobel laureate economist and political philosopher Friedrich Hayek.	Law, Legislation and Liberty	Friedrich Hayek
author	Bush at War is a 2002 book by Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward recounting President George W. Bush's responses to the September 11 attacks and his administration's handling of the subsequent War in Afghanistan.	Bush at War	Bob Woodward
author	The Teahouse of the August Moon is a 1953 play written by John Patrick adapted from the 1951 novel by Vern Sneider.	The Teahouse of the August Moon	John Patrick
author	The Book of Jonas is a 2012 debut literary novel by American writer Stephen Dau.	The Book of Jonas	Stephen Dau
author	The Thief and the Dogs (Arabic: اللص والكلاب‎; El-lis's wal-kilab) is one of the Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz's most celebrated works.	The Thief and the Dogs	Naguib Mahfouz
award received	James Petiver (c.1665--1718) was a London apothecary, a Fellow of the Royal Society as well as London's informal Temple Coffee House Botany Club, famous for his study of botany and entomology.	James Petiver	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	In 2001, Richard Bunn was awarded the Olympic Order by the IOC for his efforts in promoting sports: ``responsible for negotiating major contracts with the International Federations and overseeing the coordination of the Olympic Movement with the EBU for the past 22 years.''	Richard Bunn	Olympic Order
award received	Harry B. Cohen, CM, LLD (1912 -- July 9, 1990), was a Canadian entrepreneur, community builder, philanthropist, and Member of the Order of Canada.	Harry B. Cohen	Member of the Order of Canada
award received	Captain Jerauld Wright received the Silver Star in recognition of his participation in the towing of the Canberra and Houston back to Uliti.	Jerauld Wright	Silver Star
award received	Casey Loomis served in the United States Marine Corps during World War I. He would be awarded the Navy Cross, the Distinguished Service Cross, and the Silver Star.	Casey Loomis	Silver Star
award received	Soumya Swaminathan (born 21 March 1989) is a chess player and Woman Grandmaster from India.	Soumya Swaminathan	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Marc Esserman (born July 28, 1983) is an American chess player with the title of International Master.	Marc Esserman	International Master
award received	Nina Sorokina (Russian: Нина Ивановна Сорокина) (13 May 1942 -- 8 October 2011) was a Russian principal dancer of the Bolshoi Ballet and a 1987 People's Artist of the USSR recipient.	Nina Sorokina	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	Lena Frances Edwards (September 17, 1900 -- December 3, 1986) was a New Jersey physician who was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.	Lena Frances Edwards	Presidential Medal of Freedom
award received	Karen Asrian (Armenian: Կարեն Ասրյան) (24 April 1980 -- 9 June 2008) was an Armenian chess Grandmaster.	Karen Asrian	Grandmaster
cast member	Kalpanthe Sihinayak is a dramatic romantic movie directed by Channa Perera.	Kalpanthe Sihinayak	Channa Perera
cast member	The film stars Fernando Fernán Gómez as Leopoldo de Gregorio, Marquis of Esquilache.	Esquilache	Fernando Fernán Gómez
cast member	Himmel, Amor und Zwirn is a 1960 West German comedy film directed by Ulrich Erfurth and starring Hartmut Reck, Ann Smyrner, Grit Boettcher, Hannelore Schroth and Elke Sommer.	Himmel, Amor und Zwirn	Hartmut Reck	Ann Smyrner	Elke Sommer
cast member	Thakka Thakka (English: Attack Attack) is an 2015 Indian Tamil action drama film written and directed by Sanjeev, whose younger brother Vikranth plays the lead role.	Thakka Thakka	Vikranth
cast member	Her Grave Mistake is a 1914 silent Western film featuring Lon Chaney.	Her Grave Mistake	Lon Chaney
cast member	Battle at Bloody Beach, (aka Battle on the Beach), is a 1961 drama directed by Herbert Coleman, starring Audie Murphy and Gary Crosby.	Battle at Bloody Beach	Audie Murphy	Gary Crosby
cast member	Stories USA (released on DVD as American Breakdown) compiles six cinematic stories about desperate lives in America, starring many of the world's top actors including Josh Hartnett, Steve Carell, James Gandolfini, Scott Caan and directed by seven different directors including Paul Carafotes.	Stories USA	Josh Hartnett	Steve Carell	James Gandolfini	Scott Caan
cast member	Mr. Moto in Danger Island is a 1939 American mystery film directed by Herbert I. Leeds and starring Peter Lorre, Jean Hersholt and Amanda Duff.	Mr. Moto in Danger Island	Peter Lorre
cast member	The World's Applause is a 1923 American silent film drama starring Bebe Daniels.	The World's Applause	Bebe Daniels
cast member	On the Brink of Paradise (German: Auf den Trümmern des Paradieses) is a 1920 German 90-minute film directed by Josef Stein and featuring Carl de Vogt in the title role of Kara Ben Nemsi.	On the Brink of Paradise	Carl de Vogt
cast member	Chalo Ishq Ladaaye (Hindi: चलो इशक़ लड़ायें (Come, Let's Fall In Love)) is a 2002 Indian film comedy directed by Aziz Sejawal, starring Govinda and Rani Mukerji.	Chalo Ishq Ladaaye	Govinda
cast member	Help, My Bride Steals (German:Hilfe, meine Braut klaut) is a 1964 Austrian-West German comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Peter Alexander, Cornelia Froboess and Gunther Philipp.	Help, My Bride Steals	Peter Alexander	Cornelia Froboess	Gunther Philipp
cast member	Miracles for Sale is a 1939 American mystery film directed by Tod Browning, and starring Robert Young and Florence Rice.	Miracles for Sale	Robert Young	Florence Rice
cast member	The Keith Barret Show is a spoof BBC chat show hosted by Keith Barret (Rob Brydon) who interviews celebrity couples in the hope of finding the secret to a successful marriage (though in fact many of his interviewee couples were not married; see below).	The Keith Barret Show	Rob Brydon
cast member	Oru Kanniyum Moonu Kalavaanikalum (English: A virgin and three thieves) is a 2014 Tamil fantasy-comedy film directed by Chimbu Deven, and starring Arulnithi, Bindu Madhavi, and Bagavathi Perumal.	Oru Kanniyum Moonu Kalavaanikalum	Arulnithi	Bindu Madhavi	Bagavathi Perumal
cast member	Flesh and Fantasy is a 1943 American anthology film directed by Julien Duvivier, starring Edward G. Robinson, Charles Boyer and Barbara Stanwyck.	Flesh and Fantasy	Edward G. Robinson	Charles Boyer	Barbara Stanwyck
cast member	Salty Air (Italian: L'aria salata) is a 2006 Italian drama film written and directed by Alessandro Angelini and starring Giorgio Pasotti, Giorgio Colangeli and Michela Cescon.	Salty Air	Giorgio Pasotti	Giorgio Colangeli	Michela Cescon
cast member	Kutti Puli (Tamil: குட்டிப்புலி; English: Young Tiger ) is a 2013 Tamil action drama film directed by Muthaiah, starring M. Sasikumar and Lakshmi Menon in the lead.	Kutti Puli	M. Sasikumar
cast member	The Rise of Susan is a 1916 American silent film made by the Peerless Film Company and distributed by World Film which starred Clara Kimball Young.	The Rise of Susan	Clara Kimball Young
cast member	A Weekend with Lulu is a 1961 British comedy film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring Bob Monkhouse, Leslie Phillips, Alfred Marks, and Shirley Eaton.	A Weekend with Lulu	Bob Monkhouse	Leslie Phillips	Alfred Marks	Shirley Eaton
cast member	Rumble in the Bronx, is a 1995 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film starring Jackie Chan and Anita Mui.	Rumble in the Bronx	Jackie Chan	Anita Mui
cast member	The Garbage Picking Field Goal Kicking Philadelphia Phenomenon (also known as The Philadelphia Phenomenon) is a 1998 television movie starring Tony Danza from Walt Disney Pictures.	The Garbage Picking Field Goal Kicking Philadelphia Phenomenon	Tony Danza
cast member	New Delhi Times is 1986 Hindi film directed by Romesh Sharma and written by Gulzar, starring Shashi Kapoor, Sharmila Tagore, Om Puri and Kulbhushan Kharbanda in lead roles.	New Delhi Times	Shashi Kapoor	Sharmila Tagore	Om Puri	Kulbhushan Kharbanda
cast member	If They Tell You I Fell (Spanish: Si te dicen que caí) is a 1989 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda, starring Jorge Sanz and Victoria Abril.	If They Tell You I Fell	Jorge Sanz	Victoria Abril
cast member	Private Snuffy Smith is a 1942 American film directed by Edward F. Cline and starring Bud Duncan as Snuffy Smith.	Private Snuffy Smith	Bud Duncan
cast member	The Black Panther Warriors is a 1993 Hong Kong action film directed by Clarence Fok and starring an ensemble cast of Alan Tang, Brigitte Lin, Simon Yam, Tony Leung, Dicky Cheung and Carrie Ng.	The Black Panther Warriors	Alan Tang
cast member	I, Claudia is a one-woman play starring Kristen Thomson, which was adapted into a movie, shown on CBC's Opening Night and at the Toronto International Film Festival.	I, Claudia	Kristen Thomson
cast member	Bada Kabutar (meaning ``Big Pigeon'') is a 1973 Bollywood action comedy film produced and directed by Deven Verma.	Bada Kabutar	Deven Verma
cast member	Lovers of Six Years (Hangul: 6년째 연애중; RR: 6nyeonjjae Yeonaejung) is a 2008 South Korean film starring Kim Ha-neul and Yoon Kye-sang as a couple in their late twenties who've been dating for six years, whose relationship faces difficult new tests.	Lovers of Six Years	Kim Ha-neul	Yoon Kye-sang
cast member	The Loves of Mary, Queen of Scots is a 1923 British silent historical film directed by Denison Clift and starring Fay Compton, Gerald Ames and Ivan Samson.	The Loves of Mary, Queen of Scots	Fay Compton	Gerald Ames
cast member	For her role of Claretta Petacci, Claudia Cardinale was awarded with a Nastro d'Argento for Best Actress.	Claretta	Claudia Cardinale
cast member	Charlie Chan at the Race Track is the 12th film in the 20th Century Fox-produced Charlie Chan series starring Warner Oland in the title role.	Charlie Chan at the Race Track	Warner Oland
cast member	Throw Momma from the Train is a 1987 American black comedy film directed by and starring Danny DeVito in his directorial feature film debut.	Throw Momma from the Train	Danny DeVito
cast member	Kamal Haasan choreographed a song for Jayalalithaa and himself in Anbu Thangai.	Anbu Thangai	Jayalalithaa
cast member	The Girl from Petrovka is a 1974 feature film starring Goldie Hawn and Hal Holbrook, based on the novel by George Feifer.	The Girl from Petrovka	Goldie Hawn	Hal Holbrook
cast member	I Saw What You Did is a 1965 American horror film released by Universal Pictures and starring Joan Crawford and John Ireland.	I Saw What You Did	Joan Crawford	John Ireland
cast member	Zakhmi Aurat is a 1988 Indian Hindi movie starring Dimple Kapadia and Raj Babbar and directed by Avtar Bhogal.	Zakhmi Aurat	Dimple Kapadia
cast member	Chakravarthi Thirumagal (Tamil: சக்ரவர்த்தி திருமகள்) is a Tamil language Folklore film starring M. G. Ramachandran, Anjali Devi and S. Varalakshmi in the lead roles.	Chakravarthi Thirumagal	M. G. Ramachandran	Anjali Devi	S. Varalakshmi
cast member	Velaikaran (Tamil: வேலைக்காரன்; English: Servant) is a 1987 Indian Tamil action-comedy film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Rajinikanth, Sarath Babu and Amala.	Velaikaran	Rajinikanth	Sarath Babu
cast member	Sex in Chains (German: Geschlecht in Fesseln -- Die Sexualnot der Strafgefangenen) is a 1928 silent film directed by William Dieterle.	Sex in Chains	William Dieterle
cast member	Greetings from Tim Buckley is a 2012 American film directed by Daniel Algrant starring Penn Badgley and Imogen Poots.	Greetings from Tim Buckley	Penn Badgley	Imogen Poots
cast member	Torna! (i.e. ``Come Back!'') is a 1953 Italian melodrama film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo and starring Amedeo Nazzari and Yvonne Sanson.	Torna!	Amedeo Nazzari	Yvonne Sanson
cast member	Watch Out, We're Mad! (Italian: ...altrimenti ci arrabbiamo!) is a 1974 Italian action comedy starring the comedy team of Terence Hill and Bud Spencer.	Watch Out, We're Mad!	Terence Hill	Bud Spencer
cast member	Buk Fatey To Mukh Foteyna is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Bodiul Alam Khokan, starring Shakib Khan, Apu Biswas and Rumana.	Buk Fatey To Mukh Foteyna	Shakib Khan
cast member	Margin for Error is a 1943 American drama film directed by Otto Preminger.	Margin for Error	Otto Preminger
cast member	Open Graves is a 2009 horror film directed by Álvaro de Armiñán and written by Bruce A. Taylor and Roderick Taylor, the film stars Eliza Dushku, Mike Vogel, Naike Rivelli and Lindsay Robba.	Open Graves	Eliza Dushku	Mike Vogel	Naike Rivelli
cast member	The women who want to see the conflict finally ended use a trick to make their husbands comply: led by the Feminist Lisístrata (Maribel Verdú), they barricade themselves on the Acropolis, where the Athenian treasure is kept, and refuse to have sex with their husbands until peace is restored.	Lisístrata	Maribel Verdú
cast member	It's Nifty in the Navy (Danish: Flådens friske fyre) is a 1965 Danish comedy film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Dirch Passer.	It's Nifty in the Navy	Dirch Passer
cast member	Shadow Conspiracy is a 1997 American political thriller film starring Charlie Sheen, Donald Sutherland, Linda Hamilton and Sam Waterston.	Shadow Conspiracy	Charlie Sheen	Donald Sutherland	Linda Hamilton	Sam Waterston
cast member	The Teckman Mystery is a 1954 black and white British mystery film directed by Wendy Toye and starring Margaret Leighton, John Justin, Roland Culver and Michael Medwin.	The Teckman Mystery	Margaret Leighton
cast member	Sweet Savior is a 1971 film starring Troy Donahue as a Charles Manson-type cult leader.	Sweet Savior	Troy Donahue
cast member	Şafak Bekçileri is a 1963 Turkish drama film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Göksel Arsoy, Leyla Sayar, and Nilüfer Aydan.	Şafak Bekçileri	Göksel Arsoy
cast member	On the Avenue is a 1937 American musical film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Dick Powell, Madeleine Carroll, Alice Faye, George Barbier, and The Ritz Brothers.	On the Avenue	Dick Powell	Madeleine Carroll	Alice Faye	George Barbier	Ritz Brothers
cast member	Mosquito Squadron is a 1969 British war film made by Oakmont Productions, directed by Boris Sagal and starring David McCallum, with a memorable music score (starting with 29 pounding bass drum beats to background the V-1 flying-bomb theme of the film), which was composed and conducted by Frank Cordell.	Mosquito Squadron	David McCallum
cast member	Aadavaallu Meeku Joharlu is a 1981 Telugu-language Indian feature film directed by K. Balachander, starring Krishnam Raju, Jayasudha, Bhanu Chander and Chiranjeevi plays a guest role towards the climax.	Aadavaallu Meeku Joharlu	Krishnam Raju	Jayasudha
cast member	The Heart Specialist is a romantic comedy film starring Wood Harris, Zoe Saldana, Brian J. White, and Mýa.	The Heart Specialist	Wood Harris
cast member	Confessions of an Action Star is an American action comedy mockumentary starring David Leitch, Angelina Jolie, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Eric Roberts, Dax Shepard, Debbie Allen, Lee Arenberg and directed by Brad Martin.	Confessions of an Action Star	David Leitch	Angelina Jolie	Carrie-Anne Moss	Hugo Weaving	Eric Roberts	Dax Shepard	Debbie Allen	Lee Arenberg
cast member	29th and Gay is a 2005 comedy film from Daisy 3 Pictures directed by Carrie Preston and starring James Vasquez, Nicole Marcks, David McBean, Mike Doyle, and Annie Hinton.	29th and Gay	James Vasquez	Mike Doyle
cast member	Brotherhood of Justice is a 1986 American television film starring Keanu Reeves, Billy Zane, Kiefer Sutherland, and Lori Loughlin.	Brotherhood of Justice	Keanu Reeves
cast member	Follow Kadri, Not Your Heart (Turkish: Kadri'nin Götürdüğü Yere Git) is a 2009 Turkish comedy film, directed by Onur Tan, starring Şafak Sezer as a man who goes on holiday to get over being dumped, only to find his ex at the same hotel.	Follow Kadri, Not Your Heart	Şafak Sezer
cast member	Fairground People (German:Die vom Rummelplatz) is a 1930 German comedy film directed by Carl Lamac and starring Anny Ondra, Sig Arno and Margarete Kupfer.	Fairground People	Anny Ondra
cast member	Sergeant Madden is a 1939 film noir forerunner directed by Josef von Sternberg and starring Wallace Beery.	Sergeant Madden	Wallace Beery
cast member	The Day the Earth Caught Fire is a British science fiction disaster film starring Edward Judd, Leo McKern and Janet Munro.	The Day the Earth Caught Fire	Edward Judd	Leo McKern	Janet Munro
cast member	Teddy at the Throttle is a 1917 American silent comedy short film starring Bobby Vernon, Gloria Swanson, and Wallace Beery.	Teddy at the Throttle	Bobby Vernon	Gloria Swanson	Wallace Beery
cast member	Man Called Amen (Italian: Così sia, also known as They Called Him Amen and Therefore It Is) is a 1972 Italian Spaghetti Western comedy film directed by Alfio Caltabiano.	Man Called Amen	Alfio Caltabiano
cast member	The Visitant is a short film written and directed by Nicholas Peterson, starring Amy Smart and Doug Jones.	The Visitant	Amy Smart
cast member	Michael Williams as Charlie Chalk, Louis T Duck, Trader Jones, Litterbug and Rabbit Barbara Leigh-Hunt as Captain Mildred, Mary the Hover Fairy and Ponka the Toucan John Wells as Arnold The Elephant, Edward and Bert Ken Barrie as Song vocals	Charlie Chalk	Barbara Leigh-Hunt	John Wells
cast member	The Outrage stars Edward G. Robinson, Paul Newman, Laurence Harvey, Claire Bloom and William Shatner.	The Outrage	Edward G. Robinson	Paul Newman	Laurence Harvey	Claire Bloom	William Shatner
cast member	Peace, Perfect Peace is a 1918 British silent drama film directed by Arrigo Bocchi and starring Hayford Hobbs, Mary Odette and Mary Marsh Allen.	Peace, Perfect Peace	Hayford Hobbs
cast member	Journal of a Crime is a 1934 American Pre-Code film, produced by First National Pictures, directed by William Keighley, and starring Ruth Chatterton, Adolphe Menjou, and Claire Dodd.	Journal of a Crime	Ruth Chatterton	Adolphe Menjou	Claire Dodd
cast member	Lucky to Me is a 1939 British musical comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Stanley Lupino, Phyllis Brooks and Barbara Blair.	Lucky to Me	Stanley Lupino	Phyllis Brooks
cast member	Banda Yeh Bindaas Hai is a Bollywood comedy film directed by Ravi Chopra, starring Govinda, Salman Khan, Tabu, Lara Dutta, and Boman Irani.	Banda Yeh Bindaas Hai	Govinda	Salman Khan	Tabu	Lara Dutta	Boman Irani
cast member	Flaming Brothers is a 1987 Hong Kong action romance film directed by Joe Cheung and starring Chow Yun-fat, Alan Tang, Pat Ha and Jenny Tseng.	Flaming Brothers	Chow Yun-fat
cast member	The Moon Is Blue is a 1953 American romantic comedy film produced and directed by Otto Preminger and starring William Holden, David Niven, and Maggie McNamara.	The Moon Is Blue	William Holden	David Niven	Maggie McNamara
cast member	Barbarian Queen (also known as Queen of the Naked Steel) is a 1985 American-Argentine fantasy film starring Lana Clarkson, directed by Héctor Olivera and written by Howard R. Cohen.	Barbarian Queen	Lana Clarkson
cast member	Susan Slept Here is a 1954 American romantic comedy film starring Dick Powell (in his last film role) and Debbie Reynolds.	Susan Slept Here	Dick Powell	Debbie Reynolds
cast member	Seven Angry Men is a 1955 film about John Brown (abolitionist) where he was played by Raymond Massey.	Seven Angry Men	Raymond Massey
cast member	Kaliyattam (English: The Play of God) is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraaj, and starring Suresh Gopi, Lal, Manju Warrier, and Biju Menon.	Kaliyattam	Suresh Gopi	Lal	Manju Warrier	Biju Menon
cast member	Tuscan Skies (Cieli di Toscana) is the third DVD released by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli.	Tuscan Skies	Andrea Bocelli
cast member	The Frozen Ground is a 2013 American mystery thriller film directed and written by Scott Walker in his directorial debut, and starring Nicolas Cage, John Cusack, Vanessa Hudgens, Katherine LaNasa, Radha Mitchell and 50 Cent.	The Frozen Ground	Nicolas Cage	John Cusack	Vanessa Hudgens	Katherine LaNasa	Radha Mitchell	50 Cent
cast member	Trivandrum Lodge (2012) is a Malayalam feature film written by Anoop Menon and directed by V. K. Prakash.	Trivandrum Lodge	Anoop Menon
cast member	Brooklyn Rules is a 2007 American crime drama film starring Alec Baldwin, Scott Caan, Freddie Prinze Jr., Jerry Ferrara, and Mena Suvari.	Brooklyn Rules	Alec Baldwin	Scott Caan	Freddie Prinze	Jerry Ferrara	Mena Suvari
cast member	Carlos and Elisabeth (German:Carlos und Elisabeth) is a 1924 German silent drama film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Conrad Veidt, Eugen Klöpfer and Aud Egede Nissen.	Carlos and Elisabeth	Conrad Veidt
cast member	Located in the same complex (the famed Bradbury Building) as Banyon's office was the secretarial school operated by Peggy Revere (Joan Blondell).	Banyon	Joan Blondell
cast member	Young Guns of Texas is a 1962 CinemaScope DeLuxe Color Western directed by Maury Dexter, starring James Mitchum, Alana Ladd, Jody McCrea and Chill Wills.	Young Guns of Texas	James Mitchum	Jody McCrea
cast member	Dark Mansions is a 1986 television film starring Joan Fontaine, Michael York, Paul Shenar, Melissa Sue Anderson, Steve Inwood, Lois Chiles, Nicollette Sheridan, Raymond St. Jacques, Grant Aleksander, Yves André Martin, Linda Purl and Dan O'Herilhy.	Dark Mansions	Joan Fontaine
cast member	Count Yorga, Vampire (also known as The Loves Of Count Iorga, Vampire) is a 1970 American vampire horror film starring Robert Quarry.	Count Yorga, Vampire	Robert Quarry
cast member	War Photographer is a documentary by Christian Frei about the photographer James Nachtwey.	War Photographer	James Nachtwey
cast member	Yaadhavam is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jomon and starring Madhu and Suresh Gopi in lead roles.	Yaadhavam	Suresh Gopi
cast member	Pleasure Before Business is a 1927 silent film comedy directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Max Davidson and Virginia Brown Faire.	Pleasure Before Business	Virginia Brown Faire
cast member	Murphy suspects the involvement of his old wartime nemesis, former United States Army Colonel F.E. Cochrane (Malcolm McDowell), the primary test pilot for Blue Thunder and someone who felt Murphy was ``unsuitable'' for the program.	Blue Thunder	Malcolm McDowell
cast member	Thulluvadho Ilamai (English: Exuberance of Youth) is a 2002 coming of age film, co written and directed by Kasthuri Raja, written by his son Selvaraghavan and introducing his second son Dhanush as an actor, who enacted the lead role character.	Thulluvadho Ilamai	Dhanush
cast member	The Last Seduction II is a 1999 neo-noir film directed by Terry Marcel and starring Joan Severance.	The Last Seduction II	Joan Severance
cast member	Sunshine Love (Hangul: 썬샤인 러브; RR: Sseonsyain Reobeu) is a 2013 South Korean romantic comedy film written and directed by Jo Eun-sung, starring Oh Jung-se and Jo Eun-ji.	Sunshine Love	Oh Jung-se
cast member	The Secret Mark of D'Artagnan (Italian: Il colpo segreto di D'Artagnan, French: Le secret de d'Artagnan) is a 1962 Italian-French adventure film written and directed by Siro Marcellini and starring George Nader and Magali Noël.	The Secret Mark of D'Artagnan	George Nader	Magali Noël
cast member	72 Days (Croatian: Sedamdeset i dva dana) is a 2010 Croatian-Serbian black comedy film starring Rade Šerbedžija and directed by his son Danilo Šerbedžija.	72 Days	Rade Šerbedžija
cast member	Patti Rocks is a 1988 comedy film starring John Jenkins, Karen Landry and Chris Mulkey and directed by David Burton Morris.	Patti Rocks	Chris Mulkey
cast member	Meet Boston Blackie is a 1941 crime film starring Chester Morris as Boston Blackie, a notorious, but honorable jewel thief.	Meet Boston Blackie	Chester Morris
cast member	Bolletjes Blues (Gangsta Blues, also known as Bling!) is a 2006 Dutch musical film with Negativ as the main character, Spike.	Bolletjes Blues	Negativ
cast member	The Slaughter Rule is an independent film, released in 2002 and starring Ryan Gosling and David Morse.	The Slaughter Rule	Ryan Gosling	David Morse
cast member	Demons and Wonders (original title: Demônios e Maravilhas) is a 1987 Brazilian autobiographical documentary film by and about Brazilian filmmaker, director, screenwriter, film and television actor and media personality José Mojica Marins.	Demons and Wonders	José Mojica Marins
cast member	Beyond Desire is a 1995 American thriller film directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard, and starring William Forsythe and Kari Wührer.	Beyond Desire	William Forsythe
cast member	Nynne is a Danish film directed by Jonas Elmer, starring Mille Dinesen.	Nynne	Mille Dinesen
cast member	Women Are Better Diplomats (German: Frauen sind doch bessere Diplomaten) is a 1941 German musical comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Marika Rökk, Willy Fritsch and Aribert Wäscher.	Women Are Better Diplomats	Marika Rökk	Willy Fritsch	Aribert Wäscher
cast member	19 Red Roses (Danish: Nitten røde roser) is a 1974 Danish crime film directed by Esben Høilund Carlsen and starring Henning Jensen.	19 Red Roses	Henning Jensen
cast member	Bone in the Throat is 2015 a British-American crime drama film, co-written and directed by Graham Henman, starring Ed Westwick, Tom Wilkinson, Andy Nyman, Vanessa Kirby, Rupert Graves, and John Hannah.	Bone in the Throat	Ed Westwick
cast member	The Night of the Grizzly is a 1966 Western adventure film starring Clint Walker, Martha Hyer, Keenan Wynn, Jack Elam and Nancy Kulp.	The Night of the Grizzly	Clint Walker	Martha Hyer	Keenan Wynn	Jack Elam	Nancy Kulp
cast member	Madame Guillotine is a 1931 British historical romance film directed by Reginald Fogwell and starring Madeleine Carroll, Brian Aherne and Henry Hewitt.	Madame Guillotine	Madeleine Carroll
cast member	Hyde, Jekyll, Me (Hangul: 하이드 지킬, 나; RR: Haideu Jikil, Na) is a 2015 South Korean television series starring Hyun Bin and Han Ji-min. It aired on SBS from January 21 to March 26, 2015 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes.	Hyde, Jekyll, Me	Hyun Bin
cast member	A Place at the Table is a 2012 documentary film directed by Kristi Jacobson and Lori Silverbush, with appearances by Jeff Bridges, Raj Patel, and chef Tom Colicchio.	A Place at the Table	Jeff Bridges	Raj Patel	Tom Colicchio
cast member	The Addiction is a 1995 American vampire film directed by Abel Ferrara, starring Lili Taylor, Edie Falco, Paul Calderón, Kathryn Erbe and Christopher Walken.	The Addiction	Lili Taylor	Edie Falco	Paul Calderón	Kathryn Erbe	Christopher Walken
cast member	Donovan's Echo is a 2011 supernatural suspense film directed by Jim Cliffe and co-written by Jim Cliffe and Melodie Krieger, starring Danny Glover and Bruce Greenwood.	Donovan's Echo	Danny Glover
cast member	Life Just Is is a 2012 British independent drama film written and directed by Alex Barrett and starring Will De Meo, Jack Gordon, Nathaniel Martello-White, Fiona Ryan, Jayne Wisener and Paul Nicholls.	Life Just Is	Nathaniel Martello-White	Jayne Wisener	Paul Nicholls
cast member	Dhinarathrangal (English: Days and Nights) is a 1988 Malayalam film written by Dennis Joseph, directed by Joshi and starring Mammootty in the title role.	Dhinarathrangal	Mammootty
cast member	The Flame of Life (also known as That Lass o' Lowrie's) is a 1923 American silent film starring Priscilla Dean, Robert Ellis, Kathryn McGuire, and Wallace Beery.	The Flame of Life	Priscilla Dean	Robert Ellis	Kathryn McGuire	Wallace Beery
cast member	Wish I Was Here is a 2014 American comedy-drama film directed by Zach Braff and co-written with his brother Adam Braff.	Wish I Was Here	Zach Braff
cast member	Orchids and Ermine is a 1927 silent film comedy starring Colleen Moore, filmed partly on location in New York.	Orchids and Ermine	Colleen Moore
cast member	The Devil's Henchman is a 1949 movie featuring Warner Baxter, Mary Beth Hughes, Mike Mazurki, and Regis Toomey.	The Devil's Henchman	Warner Baxter	Mary Beth Hughes
cast member	Outnumbered is a British sitcom starring Hugh Dennis and Claire Skinner as a father and mother outnumbered by their three children (played by Tyger Drew-Honey, Daniel Roche and Ramona Marquez).	Outnumbered	Hugh Dennis	Claire Skinner	Tyger Drew-Honey	Daniel Roche	Ramona Marquez
cast member	Basir, now 30, followed Lee's simple advice, which led him to eventually write, and direct his first full-feature film, Mooz-lum, starring Nia Long, Danny Glover, Evan Ross and Roger Guenveur Smith.	Mooz-lum	Nia Long	Roger Guenveur Smith
cast member	One Night in Eden is a live concert recording by Sarah Brightman, inspired by her Eden album.	One Night in Eden	Sarah Brightman
cast member	Arshinagar is an 2015 Bengali musical romance drama film directed by Aparna Sen. The film features an ensemble cast that does include Dev, Rittika Sen, Jisshu Sengupta, Kaushik Sen, Waheeda Rehman, Kamaleshwar Mukherjee, Roopa Ganguly, Jaya Seal Ghosh.	Arshinagar	Dev
cast member	Leap into Bliss (German: Salto in die Seligkeit) is a 1934 Austrian comedy film directed by Fritz Schulz and starring Schulz, Olly Gebauer and Rosi Barsony.	Leap into Bliss	Fritz Schulz
cast member	The Sky Burns (Italian: Il cielo brucia) is a 1958 Italian war drama film written and directed by Giuseppe Masini and starring Amedeo Nazzari and Antonella Lualdi.	The Sky Burns	Amedeo Nazzari	Antonella Lualdi
cast member	Beware of Mr. Baker is a 2012 documentary film by Jay Bulger about rock drummer Ginger Baker.	Beware of Mr. Baker	Ginger Baker
cast member	Demon Knight (also known as Tales from the Crypt Presents: Demon Knight) is a 1995 American horror film directed by Ernest Dickerson, starring Billy Zane, William Sadler, and Jada Pinkett Smith.	Demon Knight	Billy Zane	William Sadler	Jada Pinkett Smith
cast member	Billy West as The Fly Cop Oliver Hardy as Proprietor (credited as Babe Hardy) Bud Ross as Handyman (credited as Budd Ross) Leo White as The Mayor Ellen Burford as Forelady Charles Slattery as Chief of Police Ethelyn Gibson as A Chicken (credited as Ethlyn Gibson)	The Fly Cop	Billy West	Leo White
cast member	Thenkasipattanam (English: Thenkasi Town) is a 2000 Malayalam comedy musical film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin, produced by Lal, and starring Suresh Gopi and Lal.	Thenkasipattanam	Lal	Suresh Gopi
cast member	Dangerous to Know is a 1938 crime film starring Anna May Wong, Akim Tamiroff, Gail Patrick, Lloyd Nolan, and Anthony Quinn.	Dangerous to Know	Anna May Wong	Akim Tamiroff	Gail Patrick	Lloyd Nolan	Anthony Quinn
cast member	The Rose of San Juan is a 1913 silent era short drama motion picture starring Sydney Ayres, Charlotte Burton, and Louise Lester.	The Rose of San Juan	Charlotte Burton	Louise Lester
cast member	Het Bombardement (Dutch for The Bombing) is a 2012 Dutch film directed by Ate de Jong and produced by San Fu Maltha, starring Jan Smit and Roos van Erkel.	Het Bombardement	Jan Smit
cast member	Love, So Divine is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Ha Ji-won and Kwon Sang-woo, and the directorial debut of Heo In-moo.	Love, So Divine	Ha Ji-won
cast member	Right Footed is a documentary about Jessica Cox.	Right Footed	Jessica Cox
cast member	Paradise and Back (Danish: Paradis retur) is a 1964 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Poul Reichhardt.	Paradise and Back	Poul Reichhardt
cast member	Afterwards (French: Et après) is a 2008 English-language psychological thriller film directed by Gilles Bourdos and starring Romain Duris, John Malkovich and Evangeline Lilly.	Afterwards	Romain Duris	John Malkovich	Evangeline Lilly
cast member	The movie begins with Paglu (Dev),a college student, meeting Rimi (Koel Mallick)-- a girl who comes down from the U.S. to take admission in 'Princeton' College.	Paglu	Dev
cast member	Aventurera ('Adventuress') is a 1950 Mexican drama film directed by Alberto Gout and starring Ninón Sevilla and Andrea Palma.	Aventurera	Ninón Sevilla	Andrea Palma
cast member	``When Strangers Appear'' is a psychological thriller including Radha Mitchell (``Pitch Black,'' ``High Art''), Barry Watson (TV's ``Seventh Heaven'') and Josh Lucas (``The Deep End'').	When Strangers Appear	Radha Mitchell
cast member	Kiswana (Rachel Crawford), Abshu (Kelly Neal), and Miss Sophie (Olivia Cole) are still residents of Brewster Place, and various other individuals move onto the block as the series progresses.	Brewster Place	Kelly Neal	Olivia Cole
cast member	Forbidden Warrior is a 2005 martial arts fantasy action film starring Marie Matiko, Sung Kang and Karl Yune.	Forbidden Warrior	Marie Matiko	Sung Kang	Karl Yune
cast member	The Golden Gallows is a 1922 American silent film starring Miss DuPont.	The Golden Gallows	Miss DuPont
cast member	The Hope Chest is an American silent comedy drama film released in 1918, starring Dorothy Gish.	The Hope Chest	Dorothy Gish
cast member	The Lady Iron Chef (美女食神) is a 2007 Hong Kong Chinese New Year film produced by Wong Jing and directed by Chung Siu-Hung.	The Lady Iron Chef	Wong Jing
cast member	Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man is a 1991 action biker film starring Mickey Rourke and Don Johnson.	Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man	Mickey Rourke	Don Johnson
cast member	Willie Dynamite is a 1974 American blaxploitation film, starring Roscoe Orman, Diana Sands, Thalmus Rasulala, Joyce Walker, and was released by Universal Pictures.	Willie Dynamite	Roscoe Orman	Diana Sands	Thalmus Rasulala	Joyce Walker
cast member	Ishkq in Paris is a primarily Hindi-language Indian film starring Preity Zinta, Rhehan Malliek and French actress Isabelle Adjani, directed by Prem Raj, produced by Preity Zinta and co-written by Raj and Zinta.	Ishkq in Paris	Preity Zinta
cast member	New Jack City is a 1991 American crime thriller action film, based upon an original story and screenplay by Thomas Lee Wright, and directed by Mario Van Peebles in his directorial debut, who also co-stars in the film.	New Jack City	Mario Van Peebles
cast member	I Can Make You Love Me, also known as Stalking Laura, is an American made-for-television film starring Richard Thomas and Brooke Shields.	I Can Make You Love Me	Richard Thomas	Brooke Shields
cast member	Love on Wheels is a 1932 British musical comedy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Jack Hulbert, Leonora Corbett, Gordon Harker and Edmund Gwenn.	Love on Wheels	Jack Hulbert	Leonora Corbett	Gordon Harker	Edmund Gwenn
cast member	A Guy Could Change is a 1946 American drama film starring Allan Lane and Jane Frazee.	A Guy Could Change	Allan Lane	Jane Frazee
cast member	Darling of the Gods (German: Liebling der Götter) is a 1930 German musical drama film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Emil Jannings, Renate Müller and Olga Tschechowa.	Darling of the Gods	Emil Jannings	Renate Müller
cast member	Koushalam is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film, directed by TS Mohan and starring Siddique and Urvashi in lead roles.	Koushalam	Siddique
cast member	Roseanne takes on a job as waitress in the restaurant at Rodbell's Department Store, where she meets Leon (Martin Mull) and Bonnie (Bonnie Sheridan).	Roseanne	Martin Mull
cast member	The series starred Oliver Platt as New York judge Jack Moran who, with his equally eccentric and colorful as colleagues, preside over court cases as the real-life Queens Supreme Court in Long Island City, Queens.	Queens Supreme	Oliver Platt
cast member	Aafat (Hindi: आफ़त; translation: Hardship) is 1977 Bollywood film directed by Atma Ram and starring Navin Nischol, Leena Chandavarkar, Amjad Khan, Mehmood, Nazir Hussain.	Aafat	Navin Nischol	Leena Chandavarkar	Amjad Khan
cast member	Dil Dosti Etc. (Heart, Friendship, et cetera) is a 2007 Bollywood film starring Shreyas Talpade, Imaad Shah, Nikita Anand, Smriti Mishra, Ishita Sharma and Dinesh Kumar in lead roles.	Dil Dosti Etc	Shreyas Talpade
cast member	Prem Vivah is a 1979 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Basu Chatterjee and produced by Ramraj Nahta, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Bindiya Goswami, Utpal Dutt and Asha Parekh Asha Parekh plays an unmarried woman in her 30s, past what society considered the marriageable age.	Prem Vivah	Asha Parekh Asha Parekh
cast member	I'm Dancing as Fast as I Can is a 1982 American biographical film directed by Jack Hofsiss, starring Jill Clayburgh.	I'm Dancing as Fast as I Can	Jill Clayburgh
cast member	Cowboy from Brooklyn is a 1938 American musical comedy film starring Pat O'Brien, Dick Powell, Priscilla Lane, Ann Sheridan and the future US President Ronald Reagan.	Cowboy from Brooklyn	Pat O'Brien	Dick Powell	Priscilla Lane	Ann Sheridan	Ronald Reagan
cast member	Manhattan Melodrama is a 1934 American Pre-Code crime melodrama film, produced by MGM, directed by W. S. Van Dyke, and starring Clark Gable, William Powell, and Myrna Loy.	Manhattan Melodrama	Clark Gable	William Powell	Myrna Loy
cast member	Love Before Breakfast is a 1936 American romantic comedy film starring Carole Lombard, Preston Foster, and Cesar Romero, based on Faith Baldwin's short story Spinster Dinner, published in International-Cosmopolitan in July 1934.	Love Before Breakfast	Carole Lombard	Preston Foster	Cesar Romero
cast member	Bahu Begum is a 1967 Hindi film directed by M. Sadiq, and starring Pradeep Kumar, Meena Kumari and Ashok Kumar.	Bahu Begum	Pradeep Kumar
cast member	Night of Mystery is a 1937 American mystery film directed by E.A. Dupont and starring Grant Richards, Roscoe Karns and Helen Burgess.	Night of Mystery	Grant Richards
cast member	Better Luck Tomorrow introduced film audiences to a cast including Parry Shen, Sung Kang, Jason Tobin, Roger Fan, and John Cho.	Better Luck Tomorrow	Parry Shen	Sung Kang	Jason Tobin	John Cho
cast member	He Snoops to Conquer is a 1944 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring George Formby, Robertson Hare, Elizabeth Allan, and Claude Bailey.	He Snoops to Conquer	George Formby	Robertson Hare
cast member	True Adolescents is a 2009 American comedy film starring Mark Duplass, Bret Loehr and Carr Thompson.	True Adolescents	Mark Duplass	Bret Loehr
cast member	Cennetin Kapısı is a 1973 Turkish drama film, directed by Fikret Hakan and Halit Refiğ and starring Hakan, Arzu Okay and Sevda Ferdağ.	Cennetin Kapısı	Fikret Hakan
cast member	Robert Z. Leonard as Shon the Piper Margarita Fischer as Madge of the Hills Joseph Singleton as The Laird of the Isla Lon Chaney as a member of the Scottish clans (Disputed)	Shon the Piper	Margarita Fischer	Joseph Singleton
cast member	Living in a Big Way (1947) is an American musical comedy film starring Gene Kelly and Marie McDonald as a couple who marry during World War II after only knowing each other a short time.	Living in a Big Way	Gene Kelly	Marie McDonald
cast member	Dark Secrets is a 1923 American silent feature drama film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Dorothy Dalton.	Dark Secrets	Dorothy Dalton
cast member	Doctor Rhythm is a 1938 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby, Mary Carlisle, Beatrice Lillie, and Andy Devine.	Doctor Rhythm	Bing Crosby	Mary Carlisle	Beatrice Lillie	Andy Devine
cast member	Major League II stars most of the same cast from the original, including Charlie Sheen, Tom Berenger, and Corbin Bernsen.	Major League II	Charlie Sheen	Tom Berenger	Corbin Bernsen
cast member	The Passing of Hell's Crown is a 1916 American silent western film featuring Harry Carey.	The Passing of Hell's Crown	Harry Carey
cast member	Love in Quarantine is a 1910 short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell and starring Mack Sennett.	Love in Quarantine	Mack Sennett
cast member	Nirakkoottu (Malayalam: നിറക്കൂട്ട്‌) is a 1985 Malayalam film directed by Joshy, written by Dennis Joseph, and starring Mammootty.	Nirakkoottu	Mammootty
cast member	Gran Torino is a 2008 American drama film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood, who also starred in the film.	Gran Torino	Clint Eastwood
cast member	Mayfair Melody is a 1937 British musical film, directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring popular bass-baritone singer Keith Falkner in the first of his three screen performances.	Mayfair Melody	Keith Falkner
cast member	The Lost String (also known as La Corde Perdue) is a documentary film on American alternative guitarist Marc Ribot directed by French film maker Anaïs Prosaïc.	The Lost String	Marc Ribot
cast member	Prizrak (Russian: Призрак, English: Ghost) is a 2015 Russian comedy film starring Fedor Bondarchuk and young actor Semyon Treskunov.	Prizrak	Fedor Bondarchuk
cast member	Secret of the Incas is a 1954 adventure film starring Charlton Heston as adventurer Harry Steele, on the trail of an ancient Incan artifact.	Secret of the Incas	Charlton Heston
cast member	The Shoemaker and the Doll is a 1913 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood.	The Shoemaker and the Doll	William Garwood
cast member	Mr. Duplicate is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Diganth and Prajwal Devaraj in the lead roles.	Mr. Duplicate	Diganth
cast member	A Fear of Strangers is a 1964 British TV drama starring Stanley Baker as a racist police inspector.	A Fear of Strangers	Stanley Baker
cast member	Night Boat to Dublin is a 1946 British thriller film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Robert Newton, Raymond Lovell, Guy Middleton, Muriel Pavlow and Herbert Lom.	Night Boat to Dublin	Robert Newton
cast member	Man in the Sand is a 1999 music documentary that chronicles the collaboration between Billy Bragg and Wilco, which involved the musicians creating new music to accompany lyrics that were written decades earlier by folk singer Woody Guthrie.	Man in the Sand	Billy Bragg
cast member	Nawab Sahib is a 1978 Hindi film written and directed by eminent Urdu litterateur Rajinder Singh Bedi, starring Rehana Sultan, Parikshit Sahni, Tamanna, Farida Jalal and Johnny Walker in lead roles.	Nawab Sahib	Rehana Sultan
cast member	Attorney for the Defense is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Irving Cummings and starring Evelyn Brent.	Attorney for the Defense	Evelyn Brent
cast member	Trapped by the Mormons (also released as The Mormon Peril) is a 1922 silent British drama film directed by H. B. Parkinson and starring Evelyn Brent.	Trapped by the Mormons	Evelyn Brent
cast member	The Witness for the Defense is a 1919 American silent drama directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Elsie Ferguson, Warner Oland, and Wyndham Standing.	The Witness for the Defense	Elsie Ferguson	Warner Oland	Wyndham Standing
cast member	The Bachelor's Romance is a 1915 American comedy silent film directed by John Emerson and written by Martha Morton.	The Bachelor's Romance	John Emerson
cast member	Five for Hell (Italian: Cinque per l'inferno, also known as Five Into Hell) is a 1969 Italian ``macaroni combat'' war film starring John Garko, Margaret Lee and Klaus Kinski.	Five for Hell	Margaret Lee	Klaus Kinski
cast member	Re-Kill is 2015 American horror film starring Scott Adkins, Bruce Payne and Daniella Alonso, it was directed by Valeri Milev and written by Michael Hurst.	Re-Kill	Scott Adkins	Bruce Payne	Daniella Alonso
cast member	Theevram (Malayalam: തീവ്രം, English: Extreme) is a 2012 Malayalam crime thriller film written and directed by Roopesh Peethambaran in his directorial debut, and starring Dulquer Salmaan, Shikha Nair, Sreenivasan, Vinay Forrt, Vishnu Raghav, Riya Saira and Anu Mohan.	Theevram	Dulquer Salmaan	Sreenivasan	Vinay Forrt
cast member	Fabulous Lola (German:Die tolle Lola) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Lilian Harvey, Harry Halm and Hans Junkermann.	Fabulous Lola	Lilian Harvey
cast member	The Mirror Boy is a 2011 Nigerian fantasy adventure drama film written & directed by Obi Emelonye, produced by Patrick Campbell and starring Genevieve Nnaji, Osita Iheme and Edward Kagutuzi.	The Mirror Boy	Genevieve Nnaji
cast member	Yuvajanotsavam is a 1986 Malayalam film by Shrikumaran Thampi, starring Mohanlal, Urvashi and Menaka.	Yuvajanotsavam	Mohanlal	Urvashi	Menaka
cast member	Daku Mangal Singh is a 1966 Bollywood movie directed by Chand and starring Dara Singh, Mumtaz and Prithviraj Kapoor.	Daku Mangal Singh	Dara Singh	Mumtaz
cast member	Il disco volante is a 1964 Italian comic science fiction film with mockumentary elements directed by Tinto Brass and starring Alberto Sordi.	Il disco volante	Alberto Sordi
cast member	Bringing Up Baby is a 1938 American screwball comedy film directed by Howard Hawks, starring Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant, and released by RKO Radio Pictures.	Bringing Up Baby	Katharine Hepburn	Cary Grant
cast member	Faza Navardan is an Iranian television series directed by Iranian actors Siamak Ansari and Peyman Ghasem Khani.	Faza Navardan	Siamak Ansari
cast member	The President's Analyst is an American satirical comedy film written and directed by Ted Flicker, starring James Coburn.	The President's Analyst	James Coburn
cast member	The Naughty Flirt is a 1931 American Pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by Edward Cline and starring Alice White, Paul Page and Myrna Loy.	The Naughty Flirt	Alice White	Paul Page	Myrna Loy
cast member	It's a Grand Life is a 1953 British comedy film starring Frank Randle and Diana Dors.	It's a Grand Life	Frank Randle	Diana Dors
cast member	My Last Five Girlfriends, a 2009 film from Julian Kemp starring Brendan Patricks, is a British dark comedy based on pop-philosopher Alain De Botton's book, Essays In Love (U.S. title On Love).	My Last Five Girlfriends	Brendan Patricks
cast member	Hollywood Hot Tubs is a 1984 comedy film starring Paul Gunning, Donna McDaniel, Michael Andrew and Jewel Shepard and directed by Chuck Vincent.	Hollywood Hot Tubs	Jewel Shepard
cast member	Action of the Tiger is a 1957 British-American CinemaScope action film distributed by MGM, directed by Terence Young, and starring Van Johnson and Martine Carol.	Action of the Tiger	Van Johnson	Martine Carol
cast member	War Nurse is a 1930 American Pre-Code war film directed by Edgar Selwyn, and starring Robert Montgomery, Anita Page, June Walker and Robert Ames.	War Nurse	Robert Montgomery	Anita Page	June Walker	Robert Ames
cast member	Gros-Câlin (Italian: Cocco mio) is a 1979 French-Italian comedy film written and directed by Jean-Pierre Rawson and starring Jean Carmet and Nino Manfredi.	Gros-Câlin	Jean Carmet	Nino Manfredi
cast member	When Love Grows Cold is a lost 1926 silent film drama directed by Harry O. Hoyt, and starring Clive Brook and Natacha Rambova in her only screen starring performance.	When Love Grows Cold	Natacha Rambova
cast member	WiseGirls is a 2002 film starring Mira Sorvino, Mariah Carey and Melora Walters as waitresses working at a restaurant run by mobsters.	WiseGirls	Mira Sorvino	Mariah Carey	Melora Walters
cast member	Johnny, You're Wanted is a 1956 British crime B-movie, directed by Vernon Sewell and starring John Slater.	Johnny, You're Wanted	John Slater
cast member	Insaaf Ki Awaaz is a 1986 Bollywood action film directed and produced by D Rama Naidu under the banner of Suresh Productions.The film features Rekha, Anil Kapoor and Raj Babbar in pivotal roles.The music director of the film is Bappi Lahiri.	Insaaf Ki Awaaz	Rekha	Anil Kapoor
cast member	Arizona Express is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Tom Buckingham and starring Evelyn Brent.	Arizona Express	Evelyn Brent
cast member	Diamond Men is a 2000 film, a crime drama starring Robert Forster and Donnie Wahlberg.	Diamond Men	Robert Forster	Donnie Wahlberg
cast member	Straight Talk is an 1992 American comedy-film distributed by Hollywood Pictures, directed by Barnet Kellman and starring Dolly Parton and James Woods.	Straight Talk	Dolly Parton	James Woods
cast member	Caught in the Draft is a 1941 comedy/war film with Bob Hope directed by David Butler.	Caught in the Draft	Bob Hope
cast member	It is only known that Gestoorde hengelaar was a slapstick comedy scene (with Lion Solser and Piet Hesse, who were then popular Dutch comedians) from the flyer which Slieker distributed.	Gestoorde hengelaar	Lion Solser	Piet Hesse
cast member	The Reaping is an 2007 American horror film, starring Hilary Swank.	The Reaping	Hilary Swank
cast member	Ee Preethi Yeke Bhoomi Melide is a 2007 Kannada romance film directed, written and enacted by Prem.	Ee Preethi Yeke Bhoomi Melide	Prem
cast member	Somewhere in Sonora is a 1933 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Mack V. Wright and starring John Wayne.	Somewhere in Sonora	John Wayne
cast member	Operacja Samum is a 1999 Polish spy film directed by Władysław Pasikowski, starring Marek Kondrat, Bogusław Linda and Olaf Lubaszenko.	Operacja Samum	Marek Kondrat
cast member	Sushi Girl is an American crime film directed by Kern Saxton, starring Tony Todd, Mark Hamill, Noah Hathaway, Sonny Chiba and Cortney Palm.	Sushi Girl	Tony Todd
cast member	If I Were King is a 1938 American biographical historical drama film starring Ronald Colman as medieval poet François Villon, and featuring Basil Rathbone and Frances Dee.	If I Were King	Ronald Colman	Basil Rathbone	Frances Dee
cast member	The Killer Elite is a 1975 American action thriller film starring James Caan and Robert Duvall and directed by Sam Peckinpah.	The Killer Elite	James Caan	Robert Duvall
cast member	Khaspush (Armenian: Խասփուշ) is a Soviet Armenian drama and war film, directed in 1927 by Hamo Beknazarian and starring Hrachia Nersisyan, M. Dulgaryan and Avet Avetisyan	Khaspush	Hrachia Nersisyan
cast member	The House on 56th Street is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film, starring Kay Francis as a woman sent to prison for twenty years for a murder she did not commit.	The House on 56th Street	Kay Francis
cast member	Casablanca, Nest of Spies (French: Casablanca, nid d'espions, Spanish: Noches de Casablanca, Italian: Spionaggio a Casablanca) is a 1963 French-Spanish-Italian spy film directed by Henri Decoin and starring Sara Montiel, Maurice Ronet and Franco Fabrizi.	Casablanca, Nest of Spies	Sara Montiel	Maurice Ronet	Franco Fabrizi
cast member	The Range Feud is a 1931 American Pre-Code Western film that stars Buck Jones and John Wayne.	The Range Feud	Buck Jones	John Wayne
cast member	Pothan Vava is a 2006 Malayalam film directed by Joshi starring Mammootty in the title role.	Pothan Vava	Mammootty
cast member	The Nightcomers is a 1971 British horror film directed by Michael Winner and starring Marlon Brando, Stephanie Beacham, Thora Hird, Harry Andrews and Anna Palk.	The Nightcomers	Marlon Brando	Stephanie Beacham	Thora Hird	Harry Andrews
cast member	Marten Lamont as Jerry Blake, Federal Operator 99 Helen Talbot as Joyce Kingston George J. Lewis as Jim Belmont, a sophisticated villain Lorna Gray as Rita Parker, Belmont's partner in crime Hal Taliaferro as Matt Farrell Bill Stevens as Agent Fred Martin	Federal Operator 99	George J. Lewis	Lorna Gray
cast member	Killer Toon (Hangul: 더 웹툰: 예고살인; RR: Deo Web-tun: Yeo-go-sal-in) is a 2013 South Korean horror film directed by Kim Yong-gyun, and starring Lee Si-young and Um Ki-joon.	Killer Toon	Lee Si-young
cast member	Nireekshana (Telugu: నిరీక్షణ) is a Telugu drama film directed by Balu Mahendra starring Bhanu Chander and Archana.	Nireekshana	Bhanu Chander	Archana
cast member	Fright to the Finish is a 1954 animated American short film directed by Seymour Kneitel and Al Eugster starring Jack Mercer as Popeye.	Fright to the Finish	Jack Mercer
cast member	Love Me Deadly is a 1973 film starring Mary Charlotte Wilcox, Lyle Waggoner, and Christopher Stone.	Love Me Deadly	Lyle Waggoner	Christopher Stone
cast member	Riding the tide of the camp superhero craze of the 1960s, the show's premise involved police chemist Carter Nash (William Daniels), a mild-mannered mama's boy who discovered a secret formula that, when taken, transformed him in an explosive burst of smoke into Captain Nice.	Captain Nice	William Daniels
cast member	Neo Ned is a 2005 romance drama film starring Jeremy Renner, Gabrielle Union, Sally Kirkland, Cary Elwes, Eddie Kaye Thomas and Ethan Suplee.	Neo Ned	Jeremy Renner	Gabrielle Union	Sally Kirkland	Cary Elwes	Eddie Kaye Thomas	Ethan Suplee
cast member	A Man Called Sledge is a 1970 spaghetti western starring James Garner in an extremely offbeat role as a grimly evil thief, and featuring Dennis Weaver, Claude Akins, and Wayde Preston.	A Man Called Sledge	James Garner	Dennis Weaver	Claude Akins	Wayde Preston
cast member	Broke* is a feature-length documentary film written and directed by Will Gray.	Broke*	Will Gray
cast member	The Lonely Trail is a 1936 American Western film starring John Wayne and Ann Rutherford.	The Lonely Trail	John Wayne	Ann Rutherford
cast member	Orders Are Orders is a 1954 British comedy film directed by David Paltenghi, and featuring Peter Sellers, Sid James, Tony Hancock, Raymond Huntley, Donald Pleasence and Eric Sykes.	Orders Are Orders	Peter Sellers	Sid James	Tony Hancock
cast member	Banyon's police acquaintance with the Los Angeles Police Department was the cynical Lieutenant Pete McNeil (Richard Jaeckel).	Banyon	Richard Jaeckel
cast member	What Women Dream (German:Was Frauen träumen) is a 1933 German comedy crime film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Nora Gregor, Gustav Fröhlich and Otto Wallburg.	What Women Dream	Nora Gregor
cast member	The Fuller Brush Man is a 1948 comedy film starring Red Skelton as a door-to-door salesman for the Fuller Brush Company who becomes a murder suspect.	The Fuller Brush Man	Red Skelton
cast member	We Dive at Dawn is a 1943 war film directed by Anthony Asquith, starring John Mills and Eric Portman as Royal Navy submariners in the Second World War.	We Dive at Dawn	John Mills	Eric Portman
cast member	Bandits Beware is a 1921 American short Western film directed by Lee Kohlmar and featuring Hoot Gibson.	Bandits Beware	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Minnaram (Malayalam: മിന്നാരം) is a 1994 Malayalam musical film written and directed by Priyadarshan, starring Mohanlal, Shobana, Thilakan, Sankaradi, K. P. Ummer, Jagathy Sreekumar, Geetha Vijayan, Venu Nagavally, and Lalu Alex.	Minnaram	Mohanlal	Shobana	Thilakan	Sankaradi	K. P. Ummer	Jagathy Sreekumar	Geetha Vijayan	Venu Nagavally	Lalu Alex
cast member	We Stick Together Through Thick and Thin (German: Wir halten fest und treu zusammen) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Herbert Nossen and starring Sig Arno, Kurt Gerron and Ernst Karchow.	We Stick Together Through Thick and Thin	Sig Arno
cast member	May I Borrow Your Girl Tonight? (Spanish:Préstamela esta noche) is a 1978 Spanish-Panamanian musical comedy film directed by Tulio Demicheli and starring Manolo Escobar, Perla Faith and Antonio Garisa.	May I Borrow Your Girl Tonight?	Manolo Escobar
cast member	A Bachelor Husband is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by Kenelm Foss and starring Lyn Harding, Renee Mayer and Hayford Hobbs.	A Bachelor Husband	Lyn Harding
cast member	Naaka Bandi is a 1990 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra, Sridevi, Sadashiv Amrapurkar, Rakesh Bedi, Manik Irani, Satyendra Kapoor, Anupam Kher, Chunky Pandey, Sonam, Yunus Parvez and Amrish Puri and also features a cameo appearance by Mac Mohan.	Naaka Bandi	Dharmendra
cast member	College Road Trip is a 2008 American family comedy film directed by Roger Kumble and starring Martin Lawrence, Raven-Symoné, Brenda Song, Margo Harshman, and Donny Osmond.	College Road Trip	Martin Lawrence	Raven-Symoné	Brenda Song	Margo Harshman	Donny Osmond
cast member	Something's Got to Give is an unfinished 1962 American feature film, directed by George Cukor for 20th Century Fox and starring Marilyn Monroe, Dean Martin and Cyd Charisse.	Something's Got to Give	Marilyn Monroe	Dean Martin	Cyd Charisse
cast member	Brother's Justice is a 2010 comedy film written by Dax Shepard.	Brother's Justice	Dax Shepard
cast member	Le Retour du Grand Blond (English: The Return of the Tall Blond Man or The Return of the Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe) is a film directed by Yves Robert, in 1974.	The Return of the Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe	Yves Robert
cast member	Teri Baahon Mein is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Umesh Mehra and produced by Pramod Pedder, starring Mohnish Bahl, Ayesha Dutt, Navin Nischol, Prem Chopra, Mac Mohan with Mithun Chakraborty and Parveen Babi in a special appearance.	Teri Baahon Mein	Mohnish Bahl
cast member	Nilave Mugam Kaattu (English: Show Moon's Face) is a 1999 Indian Tamil film, directed by Kalanjiyam, starring Karthik, Ramki and Devayani in lead roles.	Nilave Mugam Kaattu	Karthik
cast member	New Brooklyn is a 2008 feature film directed by Christopher Cannucciari, starring Blanca Lewin, Matt Cavenaugh, Frank Harts, Pablo Cerda, Kat Ross and Frank Nasso.	New Brooklyn	Blanca Lewin	Matt Cavenaugh
cast member	Slaughterhouse Rock is a 1988 B-movie horror film, starring pop star Toni Basil, and featuring songs by new wave group Devo.	Slaughterhouse Rock	Toni Basil
cast member	The ESP Couple (Hangul: 초감각커플; RR: Chokamgak Keopeul) is a 2008 South Korean supernatural romance film starring Jin Goo and Park Bo-young.	The ESP Couple	Jin Goo
cast member	My Sweetheart is a 1918 British silent comedy film directed by Meyrick Milton and starring Concordia Merrill, Randle Ayrton and Bert Wynne.	My Sweetheart	Randle Ayrton	Bert Wynne
cast member	A Very Young Lady is a 1941 film comedy starring Jane Withers and Nancy Kelly.	A Very Young Lady	Jane Withers	Nancy Kelly
cast member	Times Square Comes Alive is a 1985 adult film directed by Vince Benedetti and starring Veronica Vera and Tasha Voux.	Times Square Comes Alive	Veronica Vera
cast member	Slave of Rome (Italian: La schiava di Roma, also known as Slave Warrior) is a 1961 Italian peplum film written and directed by Sergio Grieco and starring Rossana Podestà and Guy Madison.	Slave of Rome	Rossana Podestà	Guy Madison
cast member	Nadodimannan is a 2013 Malayalam action comedy film directed by Viji Thampi, starring Dileep, Ananya, Mythili and Archana Kavi in the lead roles.Dileep and Viji Thampi collaborated after 17 years in this movie.	Nadodimannan	Dileep	Ananya	Mythili
cast member	Le bambole (US title:The Dolls, UK title:Four Kinds of Love) is a 1965 Italian comedy film in four segments; cast includes Virna Lisi, Nino Manfredi, Gina Lollobrigida, Elke Sommer and Monica Vitti.	Le bambole	Virna Lisi	Nino Manfredi	Gina Lollobrigida	Elke Sommer	Monica Vitti
cast member	Tui Jodi Aamar Hoiti Re stars Shakib Khan, Ferdous, Moushumi and many more.	Tui Jodi Aamar Hoiti Re	Shakib Khan
cast member	The Man on the Eiffel Tower is a 1949 American color film noir mystery film directed by Burgess Meredith and starring Charles Laughton, Franchot Tone, Meredith, and Robert Hutton.	The Man on the Eiffel Tower	Burgess Meredith	Charles Laughton	Franchot Tone	Robert Hutton
cast member	On the Night of the Fire, released in the United States as The Fugitive, is a 1939 British thriller, directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Ralph Richardson and Diana Wynyard.	On the Night of the Fire	Ralph Richardson	Diana Wynyard
cast member	Oru CBI Diary Kurippu (English: A CBI Journal Entry) is a 1988 Malayalam mystery film directed by K. Madhu, written by S. N. Swamy, and starring Mammootty, Suresh Gopi, Jagathy Sreekumar, Mukesh, and Sukumaran.	Oru CBI Diary Kurippu	Mammootty	Suresh Gopi	Jagathy Sreekumar	Mukesh	Sukumaran
cast member	Beat Girl marked the first film roles of British pop idol Adam Faith and actor Peter McEnery, although it was not released until after other films featuring Faith (Never Let Go) and McEnery (Tunes of Glory) had already come out.	Beat Girl	Adam Faith	Peter McEnery
cast member	Wrong Turn at Tahoe is a 2009 direct-to-DVD crime film directed by Franck Khalfoun and starring Cuba Gooding, Jr., Miguel Ferrer, and Harvey Keitel.	Wrong Turn at Tahoe	Cuba Gooding, Jr.	Miguel Ferrer	Harvey Keitel
cast member	Vanilla Sky stars Tom Cruise, Cruz, and Cameron Diaz, with Jason Lee and Kurt Russell appearing in supporting roles.	Vanilla Sky	Tom Cruise	Cameron Diaz	Jason Lee	Kurt Russell
cast member	Held Up is a 1999 American comedy film starring Jamie Foxx and Nia Long.	Held Up	Jamie Foxx
cast member	The Great Raid is a 2005 war film about the Raid at Cabanatuan on the island of Luzon, Philippines during World War II. It is directed by John Dahl and stars Benjamin Bratt, James Franco, Connie Nielsen, Marton Csokas, Joseph Fiennes with Motoki Kobayashi and Cesar Montano.	The Great Raid	Benjamin Bratt	James Franco	Connie Nielsen	Marton Csokas	Joseph Fiennes
cast member	Downhill Racer is a 1969 American drama film the directorial debut of Michael Ritchie and starring Robert Redford, Gene Hackman and Camilla Sparv.	Downhill Racer	Robert Redford	Gene Hackman	Camilla Sparv
cast member	With a soundtrack composed by Björk, Drawing Restraint 9 is an unconventional love story set in Japan.	Drawing Restraint 9	Björk
cast member	Home Before Midnight is a 1979 British drama film directed by Pete Walker, written by Murray Smith, and starring James Aubrey, Alison Elliot and Richard Todd.	Home Before Midnight	James Aubrey
cast member	Stan Alexander as Young Flower Tim Davis as Adolescent Flower Sterling Holloway as Young Adult Flower Will Wright as Friend Owl Faline, a female deer whom Bambi eventually falls in love with:	Bambi	Sterling Holloway	Will Wright
cast member	Prairie Fever is a 2008 American Western film directed by Stephen Bridgewater, starring Kevin Sorbo, Lance Henriksen and Dominique Swain.	Prairie Fever	Kevin Sorbo	Lance Henriksen	Dominique Swain
cast member	Tiger Joe (Italian: Fuga dall'arcipelago maledetto) is a 1982 Italian adventure film written and directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring David Warbeck and Annie Belle.	Tiger Joe	David Warbeck	Annie Belle
cast member	Fascination Amour is a 1999 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Herman Yau and starring Andy Lau and Hikari Ishida.	Fascination Amour	Andy Lau
cast member	Suvarna Sundari had Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Anjali Devi, Rajasulochana, Relangi and Gummadi in the lead roles.	Suvarna Sundari	Akkineni Nageswara Rao	Anjali Devi	Rajasulochana
cast member	I Was a Spy is a 1933 British thriller film directed by Victor Saville and starring Madeleine Carroll, Herbert Marshall, and Conrad Veidt.	I Was a Spy	Madeleine Carroll	Herbert Marshall	Conrad Veidt
cast member	The Golden Head is a 1964 American-Hungarian comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe and James Hill and starring George Sanders, Buddy Hackett, Jess Conrad, Lorraine Power and Robert Coote.	The Golden Head	George Sanders	Buddy Hackett	Jess Conrad	Robert Coote
cast member	Lady Possessed is a 1952 American mystery film directed by Roy Kellino and William Spier and starring James Mason, June Havoc and Stephen Dunne.	Lady Possessed	James Mason
cast member	The Perfect Student is a 2011 American thriller movie directed by Michael Feifer and starring Natasha Henstridge, Josie Davis, Brea Grant, and Jay Pickett.	The Perfect Student	Natasha Henstridge
cast member	Mrs. Winterbourne is a 1996 American romantic comedy/drama starring Shirley MacLaine, Ricki Lake, and Brendan Fraser.	Mrs. Winterbourne	Shirley MacLaine	Ricki Lake	Brendan Fraser
child	Aeneas and Lavinia had one son, Silvius.	Lavinia	Silvius
child	Queen Sri Suriyendra (Thai: ศรีสุริเยนทร; rtgs: Si Suriyen; 1767--1836) was the queen of Siam, wife of Phutthaloetla Naphalai, who was her own cousin, and mother of Mongkut and Pinklao.	Sri Suriyendra	Mongkut	Pinklao
child	Meñli I Giray was the maternal grandfather of Suleiman the Magnificent through his daughter Ayşe Hafsa Sultan; thereafter, the House of Osman could also claim descent from Genghis Khan through his son Jochi.	Meñli I Giray	Ayşe Hafsa Sultan
child	Nurhaci's eldest son, Cuyen, controlled the White Banner for most of his father's reign until he rebelled.	Nurhaci	Cuyen
child	In the Records of the Grand Historian, Sima Qian's account of the origin of the House of Ying omits Xuxuan, simply stating that Zhongyan's great-great-grandson was Zhongjue.	Xuxuan	Zhongjue
child	One of the sons of Oibalos and Gorgophone was Tyndareus, stepfather of Helen of Troy, Clytemnestra, Castor and Pollux, and another was Icarius, father of Odysseus's wife, Penelope.	Gorgophone	Tyndareus
child	Eyolf Soot was married the actress Inga Bjørnson with whom he had a daughter, Botten Soot.	Eyolf Soot	Botten Soot
child	Louise of Savoy (11 September 1476 -- 22 September 1531) was a French noblewoman, Duchess regnant of Auvergne and Bourbon, Duchess of Nemours, the mother of King Francis I of France.	Louise of Savoy	Francis I of France
child	The Bychowiec Chronicle mentions that after Jewna's death, brothers Algirdas and Kęstutis became displeased with Jaunutis, whom Gediminas chose as his heir.	Jewna	Algirdas
child	Cabu was the father of the French singer/songwriter Mano Solo (24 April 1963 -- 10 January 2010).	Cabu	Mano Solo
conflict	Chief Machinist's Mate Eugene Blair (Tremont, Virginia, April 26, 1908--Darwin, Australia, February 19, 1942) was a United States Navy sailor of World War II who had a ship named for him.	Eugene Blair	World War II
conflict	Frank Luke Jr. (May 19, 1897 -- September 29, 1918) was an American fighter ace, ranking second among U.S. Army Air Service pilots after Captain Eddie Rickenbacker in number of aerial victories during World War I (Rickenbacker was credited with 26 victories, while Luke's official score was 18).	Frank Luke	World War I
conflict	Doyle Overton Hickey was an officer in the United States Army who served in World War I, World War II and the Korean War, finishing his military career as a Lieutenant General.	Doyle Overton Hickey	World War I	World War II	Korean War
conflict	The Schwerer Wehrmachtschlepper (Heavy Military Tractor), or sWS for short, was a German World War II half-track flat-bed cargo vehicle used in various roles between 1943 and 1945.	Schwerer Wehrmachtschlepper	World War II
conflict	Robert Byington Mitchell (April 4, 1823 -- January 26, 1882) was a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War and the Governor of the New Mexico Territory from 1866 to 1869.	Robert Byington Mitchell	American Civil War
conflict	The 44M Tas Rohamlöveg (``44M Tas Assault Gun'') was a Hungarian tank destroyer design of World War II, based on the chassis of the 44M Tas heavy tank.	44M Tas Rohamlöveg	World War II
conflict	Carlos W. Colby (1837 -- 1922) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War, serving in Company G of the 97th Illinois Volunteer Regimet.	Carlos W. Colby	American Civil War
conflict	Ridgely Gaither was a United States Army lieutenant general prominent as commander of the 40th Infantry Division during the Korean War, and commander of the XVIII Airborne Corps, U.S. Army Caribbean Command and Second United States Army.	Ridgely Gaither	Korean War
conflict	The Raid on Groton happened during King William's War, on July 18, 1694, at Groton, Massachusetts.	Raid on Groton	King William's War
conflict	Eberhard Godt (15 August 1900 -- 13 September 1995) was a German naval officer who served in both World War I and World War II, eventually rising to command the Kriegsmarine's U-boat operations.	Eberhard Godt	World War I	World War II
constellation	HD 66428 is a G-type main sequence star located approximately 179 light-years away in the constellation of Monoceros.	HD 66428	Monoceros
constellation	KW Sagittarii is a red supergiant, located approximately 2,400 parsecs away from our Sun in the direction of the constellation Sagittarius.	KW Sagittarii	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 7142 is an open cluster about 6,200 light-years away in the constellation Cepheus.	NGC 7142	Cepheus
constellation	HD 155358 c is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star HD 155358 located 142 light years away in the constellation Hercules.	HD 155358 c	Hercules
constellation	Rho Persei (Rho Per, ρ Persei, ρ Per) is a star in the northern constellation of Perseus.	Rho Persei	Perseus
constellation	NGC 2547 is a southern open cluster in Vela, discovered by Nicolas Louis de Lacaille in 1751 from South Africa.	NGC 2547	Vela
constellation	NGC 6397, also known as Caldwell 86, is a globular cluster in the constellation Ara.	NGC 6397	Ara
constellation	PSR J1719-1438 is a millisecond pulsar with a spin period of 5.8 ms located about 4000 ly from Earth in the direction of Serpens Cauda, one minute from the border with Ophiuchus.	PSR J1719-1438	Serpens
constellation	Xi Herculis (ξ Her, 92 Her, HD 163993, SAO 85590, HR 6703) is a star located within the constellation of Hercules.	Xi Herculis	Hercules
constellation	Iota Cancri (ι Cnc, ι Cancri) is a double star in the constellation Cancer.	Iota Cancri	Cancer
constellation	Delta Lupi (δ Lupi, δ Lup) is a star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Lupus.	Delta Lupi	Lupus
constellation	Theta Ursae Majoris (Theta UMa, θ Ursae Majoris, θ UMa) is a suspected spectroscopic binary star system in the northern circumpolar constellation of Ursa Major.	Theta Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	GD 356 is a white dwarf in the constellation of Draco showing an unusual emission of circular polarised light.	GD 356	Draco
constellation	Kepler-36 is a star in the constellation of Cygnus with two known planets.	Kepler-36	Cygnus
constellation	Sigma Serpentis (σ Ser, σ Serpentis) is a star in the constellation Serpens.	Sigma Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	15 Cygni (15 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus.	15 Cygni	Cygnus
constellation	HD 10647 b, also catalogued as q1 Eridani b, is an extrasolar planet approximately 57 light-years away in the constellation of Eridanus (the River).	HD 10647 b	Eridanus
constellation	SN 1572 (Tycho's Supernova, Tycho's Nova), ``B Cassiopeiae'' (B Cas), or 3C 10 was a supernova of Type Ia in the constellation Cassiopeia, one of about eight supernovae visible to the naked eye in historical records.	SN 1572	Cassiopeia
constellation	Omicron Boötis (ο Boo, ο Boötis) is a star in the constellation Boötes.	Omicron Boötis	Boötes
constellation	The Bayer designation Delta Telescopii (δ Tel, δ Telescopii) is shared by two stars, δ¹ Telescopii and δ² Telescopii, in the constellation Telescopium.	Delta Telescopii	Telescopium
constellation	Eta Aquarii (η Aqr, η Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	Eta Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Kepler-11 is a Sun-like star slightly larger than the Sun in the constellation Cygnus, located some 2,000 light years from Earth.	Kepler-11	Cygnus
constellation	Theta Tauri (θ Tau, θ Tauri) is a double star in the constellation Taurus and a member of the Hyades open cluster.	Theta Tauri	Taurus
constellation	Nu Capricorni (ν Cap, ν Capricorni) is a binary star in the constellation Capricornus.	Nu Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	Epsilon Telescopii (ε Tel, ε Telescopii) is a binary star in the constellation Telescopium.	Epsilon Telescopii	Telescopium
constellation	2MASS J12373919+6526148 (hereafter 2M 1237+6526) is a brown dwarf object with late spectral type T in the constellation of Draco, nearly 46 light-years away from the Sun, although trigonometric parallax of 96.07±4.78 mas yields distance of 33.9±1.8 light-years (or 10.4±0.5 parsecs).	2M 1237+6526	Draco
constellation	16 Aquarii (abbreviated 16 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	16 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	60 Herculis (60 Her) is a star in the constellation Hercules.	60 Herculis	Hercules
constellation	VV Cephei, also known as HD 208816, is an eclipsing binary star system located in the constellation Cepheus, approximately 5,000 light years from Earth.	VV Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	NGC 4244, also Caldwell 26, is an edge-on loose Spiral galaxy and Caldwell object in the constellation Canes Venatici.	NGC 4244	Canes Venatici
constellation	Messier 37 (also known as M37 or NGC 2099) is the richest open cluster in the constellation Auriga.	Messier 37	Auriga
constellation	HD 148427 b is a gas giant extrasolar planet which orbits the K-type subgiant star HD 148427, located approximately 193 light years away in the constellation Ophiuchus.	HD 148427 b	Ophiuchus
constellation	Alpha Monocerotis (α Mon, α Monocerotis) is the Bayer designation for the brightest star in the equatorial constellation of Monoceros.	Alpha Monocerotis	Monoceros
constellation	Kepler-8 is a star located in the constellation Lyra in the field of view of the Kepler Mission, a NASA-led operation tasked with discovering terrestrial planets.	Kepler-8	Lyra
constellation	HD 30177 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 178 light-years away in the constellation of Dorado, orbiting the star HD 30177.	HD 30177 b	Dorado
constellation	SGR J1550-5418 is a soft gamma repeater (SGR), the sixth to be discovered, located in the constellation Norma.	SGR J1550-5418	Norma
constellation	NGC 305 is an asterism in the constellation Pisces.	NGC 305	Pisces
constellation	HD 33564 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 68 light-years away in the constellation of Camelopardalis.	HD 33564 b	Camelopardalis
constellation	HD 126009 or CI Boötis is a variable star in the northern constellation of Boötes.	HD 126009	Boötes
constellation	Gamma Sextantis (γ Sex, γ Sextantis) is a triple star system in the constellation Sextans.	Gamma Sextantis	Sextans
constellation	NGC 6118 is a ``grand design'' spiral galaxy located 83 million light-years away in the constellation Serpens (the Snake).	NGC 6118	Serpens
constellation	101 Virginis is a red giant variable star in the Boötes constellation.	101 Virginis	Boötes
constellation	NGC 4349-127 is a probable red giant approximately 7,097 light-years away in the constellation of Crux.	NGC 4349-127	Crux
constellation	WISE 1828+2650 (full designation WISEPA J182831.08+265037.8) is a brown dwarf or rogue planet of spectral class >Y2, located in constellation Lyra at approximately 47 light-years from Earth.	WISE 1828+2650	Lyra
constellation	Tau Pegasi (τ Peg, τ Pegasi) is a 4.6 magnitude star in the constellation Pegasus.	Tau Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	HD 133683 is a yellow-white bright giant or supergiant star in the southern constellation of Triangulum Australe.	HD 133683	Triangulum Australe
constellation	Sigma Herculis (σ Her) is a star in the constellation Hercules.	Sigma Herculis	Hercules
constellation	Pi Herculis (π Her, π Herculis) is a third-magnitude star in the constellation Hercules.	Pi Herculis	Hercules
constellation	SN 1885A (also S Andromedae) was a supernova in the Andromeda Galaxy, the only one seen in that galaxy so far by astronomers, and the first ever noted outside the Milky Way.	SN 1885A	Andromeda
continent	Cape Geology is a low, gravel-covered point marking the western limit of Botany Bay, in the southern part of Granite Harbour, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Cape Geology	Antarctica
continent	Popovo Saddle (Bulgarian: Поповска седловина, ``Popovska Sedlovina'' \'po-pov-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is the saddle of elevation 1550 m in Imeon Range on Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica bounded by Drinov Peak to the north and Sevlievski Peak to the south.	Popovo Saddle	Antarctica
continent	Holt Point (66°17′S 110°30′E) is a point marking the western extremity of Bailey Peninsula, at the east side of the Windmill Islands, Antarctica.	Holt Point	Antarctica
continent	Ballester Point (Bulgarian: нос Балестер, ``Nos Ballester'' \'nos ba-'les-ter\) is a point forming the south side of the entrance to Johnsons Dock and the northeast side of the entrance to Española Cove in Hurd Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Ballester Point	Antarctica
continent	Silistra Knoll (Bulgarian: Vrah Silistra \'vr&h si-'lis-tra\) rises to over 700 m (2,297 ft) in southern Levski Ridge, in the Tangra Mountains of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Silistra Knoll	Antarctica
continent	Moraine Valley (60°43′S 45°37′W) is a valley filled with morainic debris, 0.75 nautical miles (1.4 km) long, which drains north into Elephant Flats on the east side of Signy Island, in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica.	Moraine Valley	Antarctica
continent	Herbert Sound is a sound in Antarctica extending from Cape Lachman and Keltie Head on the northwest to the narrows between The Naze and False Island Point on the southeast, separating Vega Island from James Ross Island and connecting Prince Gustav Channel with Erebus and Terror Gulf.	Herbert Sound	Antarctica
continent	Foster Nunatak (71°6′S 71°40′E) is a horseshoe shaped rock outcrop in the south part of the Manning Nunataks, on the east side of the Amery Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Foster Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Fenrir Valley (77°37′S 161°56′E) is a small, mainly ice-free valley between the upper reaches of Heimdall Glacier and Rhone Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Fenrir Valley	Antarctica
continent	Offset Ridge (71°41′S 68°32′W) is a ridge extending west from Triton Point lying between Venus Glacier and Neptune Glacier in eastern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Offset Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Cape Mabel (60°41′S 44°40′W) is a cape forming the northern tip of Pirie Peninsula on the north coast of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands, Antarctica.	Cape Mabel	Antarctica
continent	The Mitten (75°59′S 160°30′E) is a bare flat-topped mountain, which resembles a mitten when viewed from above, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) northwest of Mount Armytage in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	The Mitten	Antarctica
continent	Leap Year Glacier (71°42′S 164°15′E) is a tributary glacier between Molar Massif and Mount Stirling in the Bowers Mountains of Antarctica, draining southeast into Black Glacier.	Leap Year Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Seaton (70°36′S 67°27′E) is a prominent domed peak in eastern Antarctica, one of the Amery Peaks, situated about 3 nautical miles (6 km) south of Sandilands Nunatak in the Prince Charles Mountains.	Mount Seaton	Antarctica
continent	Håkon Col (71°54′S 8°52′E) is a col at the south side of the Saether Crags in the Kurze Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Håkon Col	Antarctica
continent	The Finley Heights (69°13′S 63°13′W) are rugged coastal heights rising to 1,070 metres (3,510 ft) between the mouths of Bingham Glacier and Lurabee Glacier, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Finley Heights	Antarctica
continent	Johnston Spur (74°23′S 63°2′W) is a spur in the central part of the Guettard Range, extending eastward to the flank of Johnston Glacier, in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Johnston Spur	Antarctica
continent	Quervain Peak (67°23′S 66°39′W) is a peak in the central part of the Boyle Mountains in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Quervain Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount McNaughton (85°58′S 128°12′W) is a large mountain rising to over 3,000 metres (10,000 ft), and standing 2 nautical miles (4 km) south of Haworth Mesa in the western Wisconsin Range of Antarctica.	Mount McNaughton	Antarctica
continent	Kennett Ridge (79°51′S 156°45′E) is a rocky ridge, 6 nautical miles (11 km) long, which descends eastward from the northeast end of Midnight Plateau in the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica.	Kennett Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Bon Docteur Nunatak, also known as Good Doctor Nunatak, is a small coastal nunatak, 28 metres (92 ft) high, standing at the west side of the Astrolabe Glacier Tongue, 400 m (1,300 ft) south of Rostand Island in the Geologie Archipelago of Antarctica.	Bon Docteur Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Grace Rocks (66°25′S 100°33′E) are prominent rock outcrops situated at the south side of the mouth of Apfel Glacier at its junction with Scott Glacier, Antarctica.	Grace Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Kurilo Point (Bulgarian: нос Курило, ``Nos Kurilo'' \'nos ku-'ri-lo\) is a sharp ice-free point on the southeast coast of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica projecting 200 m into Bransfield Strait.	Kurilo Point	Antarctica
continent	Eos Glacier (77°28′S 162°11′E) is a south-flowing glacier, 0.6 nautical miles (1.1 km) long, between Mount Peleus and Mount Theseus in the eastern part of the Olympus Range, in the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarctica.	Eos Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Joubin Islands are a group of small islands lying 3 nautical miles (6 km) south-west of Cape Monaco, Anvers Island, at the south-western end of the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.	Joubin Islands	Antarctica
continent	Ant Hill Glacier (78°49′S 161°30′E) is a glacier in Antarctica, between Ant Hill and Bareface Bluff, rising in the Worcester Range and flowing northeast into Skelton Glacier.	Ant Hill Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Gannutz Glacier (70°24′S 162°11′E) is a smooth glacier which flows north from the Bowers Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica and enters the eastern part of Rennick Bay between Weeder Rock and Stuhlinger Ice Piedmont.	Gannutz Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Moltke Nunataks (77°58′S 35°30′W) are a chain of north--south trending nunataks close to the northeastern end of the Filchner Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Moltke Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Cole Channel (67°22′S 67°50′W) is a marine channel running north--south between Wright Peninsula, Adelaide Island, and Wyatt Island, Laubeuf Fjord, off the Loubet Coast, Antarctica.	Cole Channel	Antarctica
continent	Anderson Nunataks, also known as Shimizu Nunatak, is a group of nunataks forming the northeast end of the Sweeney Mountains, Antarctica.	Anderson Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Kiel Glacier (78°8′S 154°15′W) is a broad, heavily crevassed glacier descending southwest from Edward VII Peninsula, Antarctica, just east of the Rockefeller Mountains.	Kiel Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lammers Glacier (68°37′S 66°10′W) is a large glacier flowing east along the north side of Godfrey Upland into the Traffic Circle and Mercator Ice Piedmont, on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Lammers Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Giovanni Peak (70°2′S 71°22′W) is a peak rising to about 500 m at the south end of Debussy Heights, above Mozart Ice Piedmont in the north part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Giovanni Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Bangey Heights (Bulgarian: Бангейски възвишения, ``Bangeyski Vazvisheniya'' \ban-'gey-ski v&-zvi-'she-ni-ya\) are in Antarctica.	Bangey Heights	Antarctica
continent	Norman Glacier (71°25′S 67°30′W) is a glacier, 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, flowing southwest from Palmer Land to enter George VI Sound just north of Bushell Bluff, in Antarctica.	Norman Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lovech Heights (Bulgarian: Ловешки възвишения, ``Loveshki Vazvisheniya'' \'lo-vesh-ki v&-zvi-'she-ni-ya\) are the heights rising to 1700 m (Mount Persenk and Mount Moriya) on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Lovech Heights	Antarctica
continent	Murgash Glacier (Lednik Murgash \'led-nik mur-'gash\)is the 3.4 km long and 3.2 km wide glacier on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica situated southeast of Yakoruda Glacier, south of Teteven Glacier, southwest of Traub Glacier and west-northwest of Bravo Glacier.	Murgash Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Negro Hill is a conspicuous rocky hill, double-peaked with a small tarn in between, rising to 143 m at South Beaches on Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Negro Hill	Antarctica
continent	Unwin Ledge (77°35′S 162°37′E) is a ledge in Antarctica.	Unwin Ledge	Antarctica
continent	Ituna Valley is a narrow ice-free valley between Isca Valley and Lemanis Valley in the Britannia Range, Antarctica.	Ituna Valley	Antarctica
continent	Ferguson Glacier (77°28′S 162°51′E) is a glacier on the east side of Gallagher Ridge in the Asgard Range, McMurdo Dry Valleys, Antarctica.	Ferguson Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Europa Cliffs (70°52′S 68°45′W) are a group of interconnected hills and rock ridges on the west side of Jupiter Glacier in eastern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Europa Cliffs	Antarctica
continent	Slumkey Island (65°30′S 65°28′W) is a largest island of the group lying east of Tupman Island, Pitt Islands, in the Biscoe Islands, Antarctica.	Slumkey Island	Antarctica
continent	Fireman Glacier (77°47′S 160°16′E) is a glacier in the western part of the Quartermain Mountains, Victoria Land, Antarctica, flowing northwest into Cassidy Glacier.	Fireman Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Kleptuza Glacier (Bulgarian: ледник Клептуза, ``Lednik Kleptuza'' \'led-nik klep-'tu-za\) is a 6 km long and 6 km wide glacier draining the east slopes of Mount Hector in the Trojan Range and the north slopes of Osterrieth Range on Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Kleptuza Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Hutt Peak (76°1′S 132°39′W) is a small but sharply rising snow-covered peak that rises above the general level of the central part of the Mount Bursey massif, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Hutt Peak	Antarctica
continent	Thwaites Glacier drains into West Antarctica's Amundsen Sea and is closely watched for its potential to raise sea levels.	Thwaites Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hermanson (84°23′S 173°32′E) is an ice-covered mountain in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica, 3,140 metres (10,300 ft) high, standing at the head of Cunningham Glacier, 4 nautical miles (7 km) southwest of Gray Peak.	Mount Hermanson	Antarctica
continent	Granite Harbour (76°53′S 162°44′E) is a bay in the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica, about 14 nautical miles (26 km) long, entered between Cape Archer and Cape Roberts.	Granite Harbour	Antarctica
continent	Xanadu Hills (78°11′S 163°32′E) are a ridge of hills lying between Ward Valley and the Alph River in Victoria Land, a region of Antarctica.	Xanadu Hills	Antarctica
continent	Havsbotn (69°50′S 38°45′E) is a bay comprising the narrow southernmost, or ``bottom,'' portion of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica, marking its head.	Havsbotn	Antarctica
continent	Lee Glacier (81°15′S 159°7′E) is a glacier flowing southeast into Jorda Glacier, in the Churchill Mountains, Antarctica.	Lee Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Moreland Nunatak (81°15′S 87°5′W) is an isolated nunatak lying about 15 nautical miles (28 km) west of the Pirrit Hills in Antarctica.	Moreland Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Hjart Island is an island lying 4 kilometres (2 nmi) west of the Skallen Hills in the eastern part of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica.	Hjart Island	Antarctica
continent	Yasen Point (Bulgarian: нос Ясен, ``Nos Yasen'' \'nos 'ya-sen\) is the sharp, rocky point on the south coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica, forming the west side of the entrance to Mateev Cove.	Yasen Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Melbourne is a massive stratovolcano that makes up the projection of the coast between Wood Bay and Terra Nova Bay, in Victoria Land of Antarctica.	Mount Melbourne	Antarctica
continent	The Finlandia Foothills (69°56′S 70°9′W) are a rock massif, 10 nautical miles (19 km) long and 3 nautical miles (6 km) wide, rising to about 1,130 metres (3,700 ft) at the west side of Sibelius Glacier, situated in northern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Finlandia Foothills	Antarctica
continent	Toros Peak (Bulgarian: връх Торос, ``Vrah Toros'' \'vr&h to-'ros\) is the rocky twin summit peak rising to 3000 m in Zinsmeister Ridge on the northeast side of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica, and surmounting Dater Glacier to the east and its tributary Hinkley Glacier to the northwest.	Toros Peak	Antarctica
continent	Lake Priyadarshini is a freshwater lake in the Schirmacher Oasis, Antarctica.	Lake Priyadarshini	Antarctica
continent	About 95% of current Mizoram population is of diverse tribal origins who settled in the state, mostly from southeast Asia, over waves of migration starting about 16th century but mainly in 18th century.	Mizoram	Asia
continent	May Valley (83°18′S 51°10′W) is a nearly flat snow-covered valley along the western flank of the Forrestal Range, at the juncture of Lexington Table and Saratoga Table, in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica.	May Valley	Antarctica
continent	Mount Stephenson a mountain in Antarctica.	Mount Stephenson	Antarctica
continent	The Lågkollane Hills (72°8′S 22°28′E) are a group of hills standing 7 nautical miles (13 km) north of Bamse Mountain between Kreitzerisen and Hansenbreen in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica.	Lågkollane Hills	Antarctica
continent	Dakshin Gangotri was the first scientific base station of India situated in Antarctica, part of the Indian Antarctic Program.	Dakshin Gangotri	Antarctica
continent	Jacobs Peninsula is a massive peninsula, 5 miles (8 km) long and 3 miles (5 km) wide, extending east from Nash Range into the Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Jacobs Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Linchpin Ice Rise (69°4′S 67°27′W) is a small ice rise northeast of Miller Ice Rise, situated near the ice front of Wordie Ice Shelf on the Fallières Coast of Antarctica.	Linchpin Ice Rise	Antarctica
continent	Kormesiy Peak (Vrah Kormesiy \'vr&h kor-'me-siy\) is a rocky peak rising to 235 m in the southeast extremity of Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Kormesiy Peak	Antarctica
continent	Strider Rock (78°2′S 155°26′W) is a rock 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) northwest of Mount Nilsen in the Rockefeller Mountains of Edward VII Peninsula, Marie Byrd Land, West Antarctica.	Strider Rock	Antarctica
continent	The Lassus Mountains (69°35′S 71°38′W) are a large group of mountains, 15 nautical miles (28 km) long and 3 nautical miles (6 km) wide, rising to 2,100 metres (6,900 ft) and extending south from Palestrina Glacier in the northwest part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Lassus Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Gibbon Nunatak (85°31′S 127°36′W) is an isolated nunatak on the north side of the Wisconsin Range, Antarctica, standing 8 nautical miles (15 km) north of Lentz Buttress on the west side of Davisville Glacier.	Gibbon Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Panega Glacier (Lednik Panega \'led-nik 'pa-ne-ga\) on Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is situated southeast of the northeastern portion of Saedinenie Snowfield, south of Rose Valley Glacier, southwest of Debelt Glacier and north of lower Kaliakra Glacier.	Panega Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Sandow (67°22′S 100°24′E) is a nunatak overlooking the Denman Glacier about 11 miles southwest of Mount Amundsen in Antarctica.	Mount Sandow	Antarctica
continent	Dewart Island is the central island in the Frazier Islands, in Vincennes Bay, Wilkes Land, East Antarctica.	Dewart Island	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hanssen (85°59′S 164°28′W) is an ice-covered mountain distinguished by a sharp peak, 3,280 metres (10,760 ft) high, standing at the southernmost point of Rawson Plateau in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Hanssen	Antarctica
continent	The Wilhelm Archipelago (65°8′S 64°20′W) is an island archipelago off the west coast of the Antarctic Peninsula in Antarctica.	Wilhelm Archipelago	Antarctica
continent	Hudak Peak (79°58′S 81°40′W) is a peak rising to 1,440 metres (4,720 ft) immediately south of Plummer Glacier in the Douglas Peaks of the Heritage Range, in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica.	Hudak Peak	Antarctica
continent	Erehwon Nunatak (74°31′S 76°41′W) is a small nunatak, 6 metres (20 ft) high and 15 metres (50 ft) long, at an elevation of 1,050 metres (3,440 ft), located 16 nautical miles (30 km) northwest of Henkle Peak in Ellsworth Land, Antarctica.	Erehwon Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Villard Point is a point projecting 500 m into Barclay Bay from Robbery Beaches on Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and forming the east side of the entrance to Baba Tonka Cove and the west side of the entrance to Kukuzel Cove.	Villard Point	Antarctica
continent	The Pensacola Mountains are a large group of mountain ranges and peaks in Queen Elizabeth Land, Antarctica, extending 450 km (280 mi) in a NE-SW direction, comprising the Argentina Range, Forrestal Range, Dufek Massif, Cordiner Peaks, Neptune Range, Patuxent Range, Rambo Nunataks and Pecora Escarpment.	Pensacola Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Moore Pinnacle (80°13′S 156°49′E) is a solitary peak rising to 2,650 metres (8,700 ft) in the southern part of Mount Olympus, in the Britannia Range, Antarctica.	Moore Pinnacle	Antarctica
continent	McCleary Glacier (79°33′S 156°50′E) is a broad glacier about 10 nautical miles (20 km) long, draining southward into Darwin Glacier, Antarctica, just west of Tentacle Ridge.	McCleary Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Midgley Reefs (66°20′S 110°22′E) are several tidal and submerged rocks among the islands lying off the west side of Midgley Island, in the Windmill Islands, Antarctica.	Midgley Reefs	Antarctica
continent	Belchin Rock (Bulgarian: скала Белчин, ``Skala Belchin'' ska-'la bel-'chin) is a rock off the north coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica situated in Hero Bay 2.2 km (1.4 mi) northeast of Siddins Point and 2 km (1.2 mi) north of Melta Point.	Belchin Rock	Antarctica
continent	Esteverena Point is the rocky point projecting 700 m into Boyd Strait to form the west extremity of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Esteverena Point	Antarctica
continent	Godfroy Point (65°10′S 64°10′W) is a point which marks the northern extremity of Petermann Island, in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Godfroy Point	Antarctica
continent	The Bigler Nunataks (70°45′S 159°55′E) are a cluster of notable nunataks in Antarctica.	Bigler Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Foyn Island, also known as Svend Foyn Island, is the second largest island in the Possession Islands, East Antarctica, lying 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Possession Island.	Foyn Island	Antarctica
continent	Martin Cirque (77°28′S 162°40′E) is a prominent cirque, 1.9 nautical miles (3.5 km) northwest of Mount Newall, in the Asgard Range, Antarctica.	Martin Cirque	Antarctica
continent	The Mackenzie River (Slavey language: Deh-Cho, big river or Inuvialuktun: Kuukpak, great river) is the largest and longest river system in Canada, and is exceeded only by the Mississippi River system in North America.	Mackenzie River	North America
continent	Velký Špičák (German: Großer Spitzberg or Schmiedeberger Spitzberg) is a 965 m high mountain in the Czech part of the Ore Mountains of Central Europe.	Velký Špičák	Europe
continent	Lipen Glacier (Bulgarian: ледник Липен, ``Lednik Lipen'' \'led-nik 'li-pen\) is a 5 km long and 3.5 km wide glacier draining the east slopes of the Trojan Range on Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Lipen Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Perchot (65°44′S 64°10′W) is a mountain, 2,040 m, surmounted by Lisiya Ridge, a prominent ridge extending in a general north-south direction, standing 4 nautical miles (7 km) southeast of Magnier Peaks on Magnier Peninsula, Graham Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Mount Perchot	Antarctica
continent	The Elliott Hills (71°25′S 65°25′W) are a group of low hills and nunataks, 12 nautical miles (22 km) long, that mark the northwest end of the Gutenko Mountains, in central Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Elliott Hills	Antarctica
continent	Gratton Nunatak (86°6′S 127°46′W) is a bare, linear nunatak lying at the south side of the mouth of McCarthy Glacier, Antarctica, where the latter enters Reedy Glacier.	Gratton Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Ramorino Glacier (78°24′S 85°38′W) is the 8.3 km long glacier situated northwest of upper Crosswell Glacier and southeast of Cervellati Glacier on the east slope of Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Ramorino Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mizukumi Stream (69°0′S 39°35′E) is a small meltwater stream 0.1 nautical miles (0.2 km) north of Hachinosu Peak on East Ongul Island, Antarctica.	Mizukumi Stream	Antarctica
continent	The Ellen Glacier is a glacier in the central Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica.	Ellen Glacier	Antarctica
country	Emamzadeh-ye Hoseyn Asghar (Persian: امامزاده حسين اصغر‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh-ye Ḩoseyn Āṣghar) is a village in Barzanun Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh-ye Hoseyn Asghar	Iran
country	Tsoukka (Greek: Τσούκκα) is a village in the municipal unit of Makrakomi in Phthiotis, Greece.	Tsoukka	Greece
country	Chichicastenango, also known as Santo Tomás Chichicastenango, is a town in the El Quiché department of Guatemala, known for its traditional K'iche' Maya culture.	Chichicastenango	Guatemala
country	The Muretto Pass (Italian: Passo del Muretto) (2,562 m) is a high mountain pass in the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Muretto Pass	Switzerland	Italy
country	The Mount Royal Cross is a monument on top of Mount Royal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Mount Royal Cross	Canada
country	Katsina is a city (formerly a city-state), and a Local Government Area in northern Nigeria, and is the capital of Katsina State.	Katsina	Nigeria
country	Burfjord Church (Norwegian: Burfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county, Norway.	Burfjord Church	Norway
country	The Gümüşköy mine is a large silver mine located in the west of Turkey in Aydın Province.	Gümüşköy mine	Turkey
country	Chong Pang Camp is located in the North of Singapore, next to Sembawang Air Base and opposite Chong Pang City in Yishun New Town.	Chong Pang Camp	Singapore
country	Ouéoulo is a village in southwestern Ivory Coast.	Ouéoulo	Ivory Coast
country of citizenship	Moihi Te Matorohanga (fl. 1836--1865) was a notable New Zealand tribal tohunga and historian.	Moihi Te Matorohanga	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jean-Pierre La Placa (born 15 June 1973 in Geneva) is a Swiss former footballer played for a number of clubs in Switzerland and Belgium throughout the 1990s and 2000s.	Jean-Pierre La Placa	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Samuel Igun (born February 28, 1938 in Warri, Delta State) is a retired Olympic athlete from Nigeria.	Samuel Igun	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Kuno Goda is a pseudonymous Germany-based artist.	Kuno Goda	Germany
country of citizenship	Nicolas Dromard (born October 7, 1980 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian singer and stage actor, best known for his performances as Fiyero in the First National Tour and San Francisco productions of the musical Wicked.	Nicolas Dromard	Canada
country of citizenship	Maziar Zare Eshghdoust (Persian: مازیار زارع عشقدوست‎‎, born 22 December 1984 in Bandar Anzali, Iran) is an Iranian Football player.	Maziar Zare	Iran
country of citizenship	Rina Jimenez-David (born January 11, 1955) is notable as a Philippines journalist and columnist for the Philippine Daily Inquirer.	Rina Jimenez-David	Philippines
country of citizenship	Yolande Thibeault (born October 8, 1939 in Montreal, Quebec) is a journalist and politician in Quebec, Canada.	Yolande Thibeault	Canada
country of citizenship	Vânia Dantas Leite was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and studied composition with Frederico Egger and piano with Zila de M. Brito at the Escola Nacional de Musica.	Vânia Dantas Leite	Brazil
country of citizenship	Orhan Uçak (born 1 January 1956) is a former football defender who played for clubs in Turkey and a manager.	Orhan Uçak	Turkey
country of citizenship	Sir Malik Feroz Khan Noon, KCSI, KCIE, OStJ (Urdu: ملک فیروز خان نون‎; 7 May 1893 -- 9 December 1970) was a politician from Pakistan.	Feroz Khan Noon	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Govinda Paudel (Nepali: गोविन्द पौडेल) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Govinda Paudel	Nepal
country of citizenship	Kristiina Lassus (born 1966, Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish product designer and interior architect.	Kristiina Lassus	Finland
country of citizenship	Cristián Undurraga (born October 13, 1954 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean architect.	Cristián Undurraga	Chile
country of citizenship	Datuk Razali Ibrahim (born 14 October 1970) is a Malaysian politician and is the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Muar constituency in the State of Johor.	Razali Ibrahim	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Simon Carlsen (born October 11, 1984) is a Danish mixed martial artist, fighting out of Odense, Denmark.	Simon Carlsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Brenda Stubbert (born 1959) is a Cape Breton fiddler and composer from Point Aconi, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Brenda Stubbert	Canada
country of citizenship	Percy Rolfe Sargood (1865--1940) was a notable New Zealand businessman and philanthropist.	Percy Rolfe Sargood	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Laetitia Sonami (born 1957 France) is a sound artist, performer, and composer of interactive electronic music who has been based in the San Francisco Bay area since 1978.	Laetitia Sonami	France
country of citizenship	Rentap (born Libau Anak Ningkan) was a famous Iban Dayak warrior and the most renowned Iban hero in Sarawak, Malaysia during the Brooke White Rajah colonization era.	Rentap	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Lila Kumari Bhandari (Nepali: लीला कुमारी भण्डारी) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Lila Kumari Bhandari	Nepal
country of citizenship	David Derek Sikua (born 10 October 1959) served as the ninth Prime Minister of Solomon Islands from 20 December 2007 to 25 August 2010.	Derek Sikua	Solomon Islands
country of citizenship	Jacek Jędruch (Warsaw, Poland, 1927 -- Athens, Greece, 1995) was a Polish-American nuclear engineer and historian of Polish representative government.	Jacek Jędruch	Poland
country of citizenship	Maree Bowden (née Grubb; born 20 November 1979 in Clyde, New Zealand) is a New Zealand international netball player.	Maree Bowden	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alfredo Aglietti, born September 16, 1970 in San Giovanni Valdarno, Italy, is a retired Italian footballer and the current coach.	Alfredo Aglietti	Italy
country of citizenship	Jonas Jones (May 19, 1791 -- July 30, 1848) was a lawyer, judge, farmer and political figure in Upper Canada.	Jonas Jones	Canada
country of citizenship	Alireza Novin (Persian: علیرضا نوین‎, born 27 February 1961) is the former Mayor of Tabriz, Iran.	Alireza Novin	Iran
country of citizenship	Ivica Kirin (born 14 June 1970) is a Croatian politician who was the Interior Minister of Croatia from 2005 to 2007.	Ivica Kirin	Croatia
country of citizenship	Stanislav Todorov Trifonov (Bulgarian: Станислав Тодоров Трифонов) (born 18 October 1966), known as Slavi Trifonov (Bulgarian: Слави Трифонов), is a Bulgarian showman, actor, singer, and viola, дайре и дудук,player, born in Pleven (Bulgarian: Плевен), Bulgaria.	Slavi Trifonov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Stan Cassin (born February 19, 1935) was a former provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada.	Stan Cassin	Canada
country of citizenship	Yasin Abu Bakr (born Lennox Philip) is the leader of the Jamaat al Muslimeen, a Muslim group in Trinidad and Tobago.	Yasin Abu Bakr	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Sipke Zijlstra (born 13 April 1985) is a retired track cyclist from Netherlands.	Sipke Zijlstra	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Vasant Sabnis (Devanagari: वसंत सबनीस) (1923 - 2002) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Vasant Sabnis	India
country of citizenship	Birgit Fischer (born February 25, 1962) is a German kayaker, who has won eight gold medals over six different Olympic Games, a record she shares with Aladár Gerevich, spanning seven Olympiads: twice representing East Germany (interrupted by the boycott of 1984), then four times representing the reunited nation.	Birgit Fischer	East Germany
country of citizenship	Zahava Burack was born in 1932 in the shtetl of Nowy Korczyn, Poland.	Zahava Burack	Poland
country of citizenship	The fourth of eight children, Omar Sy was born in Trappes in the Yvelines department, France.	Omar Sy	France
country of citizenship	Sardar Gouthu Latchanna (16 August 1909 -- 19 April 2006) was a veteran freedom fighter from India.	Gouthu Latchanna	India
country of citizenship	Anisa Kospiri (born c. 1980) won the title of Miss Universe Albania 2001.	Anisa Kospiri	Albania
country of citizenship	Mouche Phillips (born 23 March 1973 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian actress, voice actress and theatre producer, best known for her television roles as Viv Newton in Home and Away (1989--90) and Eva Sykes in police procedural series Water Rats (2000--01).	Mouche Phillips	Australia
country of citizenship	Mary Isabella Lee (18 June 1871--7 August 1939) was a New Zealand servant, dressmaker, coalminer and homemaker.	Mary Isabella Lee	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marián Čalfa (born 7 May 1946 in Trebišov) was a Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia during and after the Velvet Revolution, as well as de facto acting President for 19 days, and was a key facilitator of the smooth transfer of power from Communist rule to a new democratic representation.	Marián Čalfa	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Nikola Jakimovski is eligible to represent Macedonia and Bulgaria at international level.	Nikola Jakimovski	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Stephen Eagleton (born 26 October 1976 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is a retired Australian footballer.	Stephen Eagleton	Australia
country of citizenship	Petri Kaverma (born 1963) is a Finnish artist and curator who has held several private exhibitions, and participated in various group and joint exhibitions both in Finland and abroad.	Petri Kaverma	Finland
country of citizenship	Lina Teoh (born c. 1977) is a Malaysian actress, TV Host, model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Malaysia World 1998/1999 pageant and represented Malaysia in the Miss World 1998 contest in Mahe Island, Seychelles where she finished third, behind winner Linor Abargil of Israel and runner up Véronique Caloc of France.	Lina Teoh	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Dadabhai Naoroji (4 September 1825 -- 30 June 1917), known as the Grand Old Man of India, was a Parsi intellectual, educator, cotton trader, and an early Indian political and social leader.	Dadabhai Naoroji	India
country of citizenship	Bethwell Allan Ogot (born 1929) is a historian from Kenya.	Bethwell Allan Ogot	Kenya
country of citizenship	Mohammed el Gharani is a citizen of Chad and native of Saudi Arabia born in 1986, in Medina.	Mohammed el Gharani	Chad
country of citizenship	Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (1928 -- 22 October 2011) (Arabic: سلطان بن عبدالعزيز آل سعود‎), called Sultan al-Khair (Arabic: سلطان الخير‎, Sultan of goodness) in Saudi Arabia, was the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia from 2005 to 2011.	Sultan bin Abdulaziz	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Munira Fakhro (Arabic: منيرة فخرو‎) is a Bahraini academic and was a candidate in Bahrain's 2006 general election for the opposition Waad.	Munira Fakhro	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Regina José Galindo (born August 27, 1974) is a Guatemalan performance artist who specializes in body art. She was born in Guatemala City.	Regina José Galindo	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Mohamed Saïd Benrahma (born 10 August 1995 in Aïn Témouchent, Algeria) is an Algerian football player who currently plays for French Ligue 1 side OGC Nice and the Algeria national team.	Saïd Benrahma	Algeria
country of citizenship	Deepa Panta was born to Bishnu Kumar Panta and Bhawani Panta in 1986 at Prasuti Griha Hospital in Kathmandu, Nepal as a first child of her parents.	Deepa Panta	Nepal
country of citizenship	Marcos Roberto Nascimento da Silva, usually known as Marcos Tamandaré (born on March 20, 1981 in Barreiros, Pernambuco, Brazil), is a Brazilian football right back, currently playing in the Brazilian league for Salgueiro A.C.	Marcos Tamandaré	Brazil
country of citizenship	Emiliano Cotelo studied Engineering at the Universidad de la Republica in Montevideo, Uruguay.	Emiliano Cotelo	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Albert E. Todd (August 5, 1878 -- October 26, 1928) served as mayor of Victoria, BC Canada from 1917 to 1919.	Albert E. Todd	Canada
country of citizenship	Yulia Raskina (Юлия Раскина) (born April 9, 1982 in Minsk, Belarus) is a former individual rhythmic gymnast.	Yulia Raskina	Belarus
country of citizenship	Shinji Kagawa (Japanese: 香川 真司 Kagawa Shinji (kagawa ɕindʑi̥); born 17 March 1989) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays for German club Borussia Dortmund and the Japan national team.	Shinji Kagawa	Japan
country of citizenship	Boris Zloković (born 16 March 1984 in Kotor, SR Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a retired Montenegrin water polo player.	Boris Zloković	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Loïc Korval (born May 15, 1988 in Nogent-sur-Marne, France) is a French judoka who won a bronze medal at the 2010 World Judo Championships and a silver medal at the 2010 European Judo Championships.	Loïc Korval	France
country of citizenship	Lê Đức Anh (born 1 December 1920) is a Vietnamese general and politician who was President of Vietnam from 1992 to 1997.	Lê Đức Anh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Youk Chhang is the Executive Director of the Documentation Center of Cambodia (DC-Cam) and a survivor of the Khmer Rouge's ``killing fields.''	Youk Chhang	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Tim Mannah (born 15 February 1988, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of Lebanese descent currently playing for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League (NRL).	Tim Mannah	Australia
country of citizenship	Günter Platzek (18 July 1930 in Hanover, Germany -- 29 November 1990 in Hamburg, Germany) was a German keyboard player.	Günter Platzek	Germany
country of citizenship	Robert Heiße born 18 July 1983 in Dresden, Germany is a footballer who plays for FSV Neusalza-Spremberg.	Robert Heiße	Germany
country of citizenship	William Beehan (1853 -- 27 October 1917) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 22 June 1903 to 21 June 1910; and then 22 June 1910 -- 21 June 1917 when his term ended.	William Beehan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Terje Håkonsen (born 11 October 1974 in Vinje, Norway) is a Norwegian professional snowboarder.	Terje Håkonsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Bhikari Bal was born in Kendrapara district in the state of Odisha, India.	Bhikari Bal	India
country of citizenship	Persida Nenadović (Serbian Cyrillic: Персида Ненадовић; 15 February 1813 -- 29 March 1873) was the Princess consort of Serbia as the wife of Alexander Karađorđević, who ruled the Principality of Serbia from his election on 14 September 1842 until his abdication on 24 October 1858.	Persida Nenadović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Ali Said Abdella (September 1949 -- August 28, 2005) was an Eritrean rebel commander, politician and diplomat, who at the time of his death was serving as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Eritrea.	Ali Said Abdella	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Noel Starblanket (born 1946) is a First Nations leader in Canada.	Noel Starblanket	Canada
country of citizenship	Mir Bashir Gasimov (Azerbaijani: Mirbəşir Qasımov; Russian: Мир Башир Касумов; 1879 -- 1949) was an Azerbaijani statesman and revolutionary, one of the followers of Nariman Narimanov's national communism policy in the Azerbaijan SSR.	Mir Bashir Gasimov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Darja Švajger (born 1965 in Maribor, SR Slovenia, SFR Yugoslavia) is one of Slovenia's most popular singers, perhaps best known internationally for having represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest on two occasions.	Darja Švajger	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Edward Francis Harris (13 May 1834--26 July 1898) was a New Zealand public servant, interpreter, landowner, genealogist.	Edward Francis Harris	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marko Ahtisaari (born 1969 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish technology entrepreneur and musician.	Marko Ahtisaari	Finland
country of citizenship	Charles Allan Marris (11 September 1876--30 June 1947) was a New Zealand journalist and editor.	Charles Allan Marris	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mariano Arana (born March 6, 1933 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan architect and politician, former Minister of Housing, Spatial Planning and Environment of Uruguay and former mayor of Montevideo.	Mariano Arana	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Upon his return to the then East Germany, he started another private laboratory, Forschungsinstitut Manfred von Ardenne.	Manfred von Ardenne	East Germany
country of citizenship	Karl-Johan Johnsson represented Sweden at U19 level before moving up to the Swedish U21 team and debuting against the Slovakian U21 team in 2009.	Karl-Johan Johnsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Alaeddin Boroujerdi is the Chairman for the Committee for Foreign Policy and National Security of the Islamic Consultative Assembly of Iran.	Alaeddin Boroujerdi	Iran
country of citizenship	As Lieutenant David Lansana he was a frequent and popular visitor to the home of Sir Robert de Zouche Hall, Governor of Sierra Leone 1952-1956.	David Lansana	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Joel O'Keeffe (born 6 September 1982 in Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian musician.	Joel O'Keeffe	Australia
country of citizenship	Néria Lúcio Buzatto (Monte Santo de Minas, January 13 of 1980) is a lawyer and politician of Brazil.	Néria Lúcio Buzatto	Brazil
country of citizenship	Augustyn Michał Stefan Radziejowski (3 December 1645 -- 13 October 1705) was an Archbishop of Gniezno and Cardinal Primate of the Roman Catholic Church in Poland, son of Hieronim Radziejowski.	Michał Stefan Radziejowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Vávra Suk (born 18 March 1973 in Prague) is a nationalist politician in Sweden.	Vávra Suk	Sweden
country of citizenship	Irina Dorofeeva is a singer from Belarus.	Irina Dorofeeva	Belarus
country of citizenship	Hong Song-nam (2 October 1929 -- 31 March 2009) was the Premier of North Korea from 1997 to 2003.	Hong Song-nam	North Korea
country of citizenship	Dr Joseph Toscano (born 1952) is a medical practitioner, a broadcaster and an anarchist who lives in Melbourne, Australia.	Joseph Toscano	Australia
country of citizenship	Enrique Carrión Olivares (Santiago de Cuba, 11 October 1967) is a Cuban boxer best known to win the 1989 World Amateur Boxing Championships at bantamweight.	Enrique Carrión	Cuba
country of citizenship	The pair became acquainted when Göring was flying Eric von Rosen in bad weather from Stockholm to Rockelstad Castle, at the lake Båven in Sörmland, Sweden.	Eric von Rosen	Sweden
country of citizenship	Louise Gade (born 15 June 1972, in Thyborøn) is a Danish cand.jur., president of Aarhus VIA University College and former mayor of Aarhus, Denmark.	Louise Gade	Denmark
country of citizenship	Rolf von Goth (1906--1981) was a film actor from Windhoek in German Southwest Africa who settled and worked in Germany.	Rolf von Goth	Germany
country of citizenship	Mokete Shadrack Chakela, more commonly known as Mosotho Chakela or just Chakela, was born 1963 in Mafeteng, Lesotho in Southern Africa.	Mosotho Chakela	Lesotho
country of citizenship	Tan Tarn How is a Singaporean playwright and senior research fellow at the Institute of Policy Studies (Singapore).	Tan Tarn How	Singapore
country of citizenship	Meera Shankar (9 October 1950) served as India's Ambassador to the United States of America from 26 April, 2009 to 2011.	Meera Shankar	India
country of citizenship	Isaac Ladipo Oluwole (1892--1953) was a Nigerian doctor who made important improvements to the public health services in Nigeria.	Isaac Ladipo Oluwole	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ion Adrian Zare (born 11 May 1959) is a retired Romanian footballer, He earned 7 caps for the Romania national football team, and participated in UEFA Euro 1984.	Ion Adrian Zare	Romania
country of citizenship	Charles Romulus Ducharme (November 4, 1886 -- February 15, 1976) was a politician in Quebec, Canada and an eight-term Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).	Romulus Ducharme	Canada
country of citizenship	Peter-John Vettese (born 15 August 1956 in Scotland), also known as Peter Vettese, is a British keyboardist, songwriter, arranger and record producer.	Peter-John Vettese	Scotland
country of citizenship	Professor Fidelis Oditah, QC, SAN, LLB (Lagos), MA, BCL, DPhil (Oxon), is an English barrister, an authority on insolvency law, and a prospective Governor of Delta State in Nigeria.	Fidelis Oditah	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Sir Keith Macpherson Smith KBE, (20 December 1890 -- 19 December 1955) was an Australian aviator, who, along with his brother, Sir Ross Macpherson Smith and two other men, became the first people to fly from England to Australia.	Keith Macpherson Smith	Australia
country of citizenship	Hjalmar Broch was born in 1882 at Horten, Vestfold, Norway.	Hjalmar Broch	Norway
country of citizenship	Fred Klein (8 April 1898 - 24 April 1990) was a Dutch painter who spent much of his life in France.	Fred Klein	France
country of citizenship	Evgeni Berzin (Russian: Евгений Берзин; born 3 June 1970 in Vyborg, Russia) is a Russian former cyclist whose best year was 1994, when he won the Giro d'Italia and Liège--	Evgeni Berzin	Russia
country of citizenship	Carlo Ljubek was born as a son of Croatian migrants in Bocholt, Germany.	Carlo Ljubek	Germany
country of citizenship	Alfonso Mora (born May 23, 1964 in Washington D.C.), is a former professional tennis player from Venezuela.	Alfonso Mora	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Ravi Navlani Premkumar (born 19 January 1980; Indore, India) is an entrepreneur and CEO at Surya Group, a member of Entrepreneurs' Organization, Ernst & Young's Entrepreneur of the Year in Russia Award holder nominated ``Success in Russia''.	Ravi Navlani	India
country of citizenship	Paul Heeren (born 22 November 1954 in Adelaide Australia) is a guitarist and songwriter.	Paul Heeren	Australia
country of citizenship	Jens Aars was born in Christiania (now Oslo, Norway).	Jens Aars	Norway
country of citizenship	Dmitry Kalinovsky (born February 24, 1972) is a former freestyle swimmer from Minsk, Belarus, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia).	Dmitry Kalinovsky	Belarus
country of citizenship	You Bo is a Khmer writer and the president of the Khmer Writers' Association, whose office is located at Wat Botum, Oknha Suor Srun Street 7, Sangkat Chaktomuk, Khan Daun Penh, Phnom Penh 12207, Cambodia.	You Bo	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Odd Fossum (15 December 1905 -- 23 July 1958) was a Norwegian shop assistant, and leader of the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions from 1941 to 1945, under the Nazi regime during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.	Odd Fossum	Norway
country of citizenship	Şermin Langhoff (born in 1969) theater producer based in Germany who immigrated from Turkey as a child.	Şermin Langhoff	Germany
country of citizenship	Rasmus Videbæk is a Danish cinematographer, born 21 February 1973 in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Rasmus Videbæk	Denmark
country of citizenship	Right Reverend Emmanuel Thomas Savundaranayagam (Tamil: இம்மானுவேல் தோமசு சௌந்தரநாயகம்; born 13 July 1938) is a Sri Lanka Tamil priest and former Roman Catholic Bishop of Jaffna.	Thomas Savundaranayagam	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Tevfik Esenç (1904 -- 7 October 1992) was a Circassian exile in Turkey and the last known fully competent speaker of the Ubykh language.	Tevfik Esenç	Turkey
country of citizenship	Erick Chapa (born on July 5, 1985 in Mexico City, Mexico), is a Mexican television actor.	Erick Chapa	Mexico
country of citizenship	Andris Teikmanis (29 November 1959; Riga, Latvia) is a Latvian lawyer, politician, and diplomat.	Andris Teikmanis	Latvia
country of citizenship	Hukmdev Narayan Yadav is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India and a former Union Minister of State.	Hukmdev Narayan Yadav	India
country of citizenship	Jorge Ayala (born February 14, 1944, in Formosa, Argentina) better known as King Clave, is an Argentine singer and songwriter whose hits were known in the 70's and 80's.	King Clave	Argentina
country of citizenship	Nora Tschirner was born in East Berlin (then East Germany) to the documentary film director Joachim Tschirner and the radio journalist Waltraud Tschirner.	Nora Tschirner	East Germany
country of citizenship	Reremoana Hakiwai (3 February 1889 -- 8 March 1981) was a New Zealand cook and community leader.	Reremoana Hakiwai	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The Indian Social Disparity Removal Bill, 1979 The discussion on the Bill in the House led to Constitution of the All India Backward Class Commission headed by Late B.P. Mandal of which Roop Nath Singh Yadav was a co-opted Member for Uttar Pradesh.	Roop Nath Singh Yadav	India
country of citizenship	Sangre Azteca's real name is not revealed in public, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans.	Sangre Azteca	Mexico
country of citizenship	Michael Brook (born 1951 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian guitarist, inventor, producer, and film music composer.	Michael Brook	Canada
country of citizenship	Tommy Bauro (born 15 August 1965) is a former boxer who competed for the Solomon Islands.	Tommy Bauro	Solomon Islands
country of citizenship	Katherine Te Rongokahira Parata (1873--1939) was a New Zealand woman of mana.	Katherine Te Rongokahira Parata	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lasse Hoile (born 1973 in Aarhus, Denmark) is an acclaimed artist of mixed media, photographer, graphic artist writer, film-maker/director, and cinematographer.	Lasse Hoile	Denmark
country of citizenship	José Luis Murature (27 January 1876 - 15 September 1929) was an Argentine lawyer, journalist, professor and foreign minister of Argentina from 1914-1916.	José Luis Murature	Argentina
country of citizenship	Christian or Christen Mule (died 1589) was a merchant and Mayor of Oslo, Norway.	Christen Mule	Norway
country of citizenship	In June 2009 Pat Cox temporarily stepped down as President and took over the position of the campaign director for the pro-Lisbon treaty initiative Ireland for Europe.	Pat Cox	Ireland
country of citizenship	Aino Elina Salo (born 9 March 1936 in Sipoo, Finland) is a Finnish film, theatre and television actress who has also done work in radio as a voice actor in children's programming.	Elina Salo	Finland
country of citizenship	Mary Cuddie (1823--1889) was a New Zealand farmwife, midwife and shopkeeper.	Mary Cuddie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Liu Xizai has had a great influence in China for his correct and outstanding appreciation of quantities of literature books or poem written by many famous people such as Du Fu, Wang Wei, Liu Yuxi and so on.	Liu Xizai	China
country of citizenship	Roz Turnbull (born 1972) is a New Zealand actress who has appeared in a number of films and television series in New Zealand, but is best known for her role as Rochelle in Outrageous Fortune.	Roz Turnbull	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Clinton A. J. Duffy (born c.1966) is a New Zealand marine scientist, who works in the Marine Conservation Unit of the Department of Conservation.	Clinton A. J. Duffy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Maria Ibeshi Hewa (born June 10, 1950) is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.	Maria Ibeshi Hewa	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Helgi Sveinsson (born 11 June 1979) is a Paralympian athlete from Iceland competing in throwing, sprint and jumping events.	Helgi Sveinsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Anabela Braz Pires (born September 22, 1976 in Almada) is a Portuguese singer and musical theatre actress, best known in Portugal by her first name, Anabela.	Anabela	Portugal
country of citizenship	Sandra Gomis (born November 21, 1983 in Saint Nazaire, France) is a French track and field athlete who specialises in the 100 metres hurdles.	Sandra Gomis	France
country of citizenship	Guy Lagneau (1915 -- 16 December 1996) was a French architect, one of the founders of Atelier LWD, who was involved in many major projects in France and Africa.	Guy Lagneau	France
country of citizenship	Takis Dimopoulos ( Greek:Τάκης Δημόπουλος, Pyrgos, Greece, 1898 -- Athens, Greece 1981 ) was a Greek essayist, novelist and philologist.	Takis Dimopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	1911 - Caleb Gattegno was born in Alexandria, Egypt, on November 11.	Caleb Gattegno	Egypt
country of citizenship	Suban Ngernprasert (Thai: สุบรรณ เงินประเสริฐ, born October 22, 1994) simply known as Bas (Thai: บาส), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Suban Ngernprasert	Thailand
country of citizenship	Mansour Eid was born in Bteddine El Loqch, a village of the Jezzine district in southern Lebanon in 1944.	Mansour Eid	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Réda Tamni better known as Reda Taliani (in Arabic رضى الطلياني) (born 1980 in El Biar, Algiers, Algeria) is an Algerian raï singer and musician.	Reda Taliani	Algeria
country of citizenship	Jørgen Lindegaard graduated with a Masters degree in Civil Engineering from the Technical University of Denmark in 1975 and immediately joined Philips Telekommunikation, a subsidiary of the Dutch Philips conglomerate, where he stayed until 1977.	Jørgen Lindegaard	Denmark
country of citizenship	Maharaia Winiata (1912--1960) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, Methodist minister, teacher, anthropologist, broadcaster and community leader.	Maharaia Winiata	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Walter Zimper (29 April 1942 in Markt Piesting, Lower Austria; 13 January 2008 in Sankt Pölten) was an Austrian politician of the ÖVP.	Walter Zimper	Austria
country of citizenship	Julio Le Parc (born September 23, 1928) is an Argentina-born artist who focuses on both modern op art and kinetic art. Le Parc attended the School of Fine Arts in Argentina.	Julio Le Parc	Argentina
country of citizenship	Cemil Çiçek (pronounced (dʒemil tʃitʃec); born 15 November 1946) is a Turkish politician who was the Speaker of the Parliament of Turkey between 4 July 2011 and 7 June 2015.	Cemil Çiçek	Turkey
country of citizenship	Krassimir Avramov (Bulgarian: Красимир Аврамов) born November 5, 1972 in Sliven, Bulgaria is a singer and songwriter.	Krassimir Avramov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Azor LeBlanc (October 27, 1927 - July 31, 2011) is a former business owner and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	Azor LeBlanc	Canada
country of citizenship	Abbé Auguste-Théodore-Paul de Broglie (June 18, 1834 in Auteuil, France -- May 11, 1895) was professor of apologetics at the Institut Catholique in Paris, and writer on apologetic subjects.	Auguste-Théodore-Paul de Broglie	France
country of citizenship	Kazimierz Prószyński (4 April 1875 -- 13 March 1945), born in Warsaw, Poland, was a Polish inventor active in the field of cinema.	Kazimierz Prószyński	Poland
country of citizenship	Alfred Amory George (20 April 1854--13 October 1930) was a New Zealand journalist, newspaper proprietor and editor, printer.	Alfred Amory George	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hilary Palma (born January 5, 1997 in Trujillo, Peru) is a Peruvian volleyball player who plays for the Peru national team.	Hilary Palma	Peru
country of citizenship	Carl Bosch was born in Cologne, Germany to a successful gas and plumbing supplier.	Carl Bosch	Germany
country of citizenship	Harmeet Singh Sooden (born 24 March 1973) is a Canadian-New Zealand anti-war activist who volunteered for the international NGO Christian Peacemaker Teams in Iraq.	Harmeet Singh Sooden	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ding Ruchang (Chinese: 丁汝昌; pinyin: Dīng Rǔchāng; Wade--Giles: Ting Ju-ch'ang) (18 November 1836 -- 12 February 1895) was a career military officer in the late Qing dynasty military of China.	Ding Ruchang	China
country of citizenship	August Duvier (March 16, 1860 -- January 14, 1928) was a Danish stained glass artist and manufacturer active in Denmark in the late 19th century and early 20th century.	August Duvier	Denmark
country of citizenship	Jenna McDougall was born in Sydney, Australia and has two sisters.	Jenna McDougall	Australia
country of citizenship	Emilio Falero (born 1947 in Sagua la Grande, Cuba) is a Cuban artist residing in Florida, U.S.A. since 1962.	Emilio Falero	Cuba
country of citizenship	He is the third in a family of guitar makers (his father, Juan Orozco, built guitars in Spain, Uruguay and Brazil).	Juan Orozco	Spain
country of citizenship	Toni Potter (born 1978/1979) is a New Zealand actress, best known for her role on the New Zealand medical drama, Shortland Street.	Toni Potter	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bernhard Müller, known as Count de Leon (born March 21, 1788, Kostheim, Germany - died August 29, 1834, Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana), was a German Christian mystic and alchemist of uncertain origins.	Bernhard Müller	Germany
country of citizenship	Rico Rex started figure skating when he was four years old as the result of a talent screening in East Germany.	Rico Rex	Germany
country of citizenship	Malek Yawahab (Thai: มาเล็ก ยาวาหาบ, born June 15, 1983), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Malek Yawahab	Thailand
country of citizenship	Predrag Bubalo (Serbian: Предраг Бубало) (born 14 October 1954 Vladičin Han, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician who held various ministerial positions in the Government of Serbia under Prime Minister Vojislav Koštunica.	Predrag Bubalo	Serbia
country of citizenship	Patricia Szarvas (born 21 January 1970 in Vienna, Austria) is a freelance moderator, executive media coach and writer.	Patricia Szarvas	Austria
country of citizenship	Goudarz Davoudi (Persian: گودرز داوودی‎‎, born 7 April 1993) is an Iranian Football Goalkeeper, who currently plays for Persian Gulf Pro League club Esteghlal Khuzestan and also Iran national under-23 football team.	Goudarz Davoudi	Iran
country of citizenship	George Bryce (April 22, 1844 -- August 5, 1931) was a Presbyterian minister and a prolific author, writing on many topics including history of the Red River Colony in what is now Manitoba, Canada.	George Bryce	Canada
country of citizenship	Clement Gordon Watson (1912--1945) was a notable New Zealand communist, journalist and soldier.	Clement Gordon Watson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alex Sholler, better known by her stage name Alison Wonderland, is a Sydney-based DJ and producer signed to EMI Music Australia, which is part of Universal Music Australia.	Alison Wonderland	Australia
country of citizenship	Maria Silva Cruz (April 20, 1915 - August 23, 1936) was a Spanish anarchist and a hero of the Casas Viejas Uprising in Spain.	Maria Silva Cruz	Spain
country of citizenship	Zoltán Pogátsa (Hungarian: (ˈzoltaːn ˈpoɡaːtʃa) born 1974) is a Hungarian political economist who teaches at the University of West Hungary, focusing on the economics of European integration.	Zoltán Pogátsa	Hungary
country of citizenship	Alexander William Francis Banfield, Frank Banfield, A. W. F, Banfield, was one of the small group of early Canadian mammalogists who worked with Canadian Wildlife Service (CWS) and the National Museum of Canada.	Alexander William Francis Banfield	Canada
country of citizenship	Carlos Sorín (born 1944 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a film director, screenplay writer, cinematographer, and film producer.	Carlos Sorín	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ahmad Syafi'i Maarif was the leader of Muhammadiyah, one of the two biggest Muslim organizations in Indonesia, in 1998 - 2005.	Ahmad Syafi'i Maarif	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Mariana Fleitas Rieira, commonly known as Mariana Fleitas (born 6 March 1981) is a team handball player from Uruguay who plays on the Uruguay women's national handball team.	Mariana Fleitas	Uruguay
country of citizenship	AbdelRahman Mansour (Arabic: عبد الرحمن منصور‎; other transliterations include: AbdulRahman, Abdul Rahman, born 1987 in Mansoura, Egypt) is an Internet activist and journalist with an interest in political activism and broadcasting.	AbdelRahman Mansour	Egypt
country of citizenship	Moothedath Panjan Ramachandran is an Indian businessman from Thrissur - Kerala in India.	Moothedath Panjan Ramachandran	India
country of citizenship	Ralph Hutton (born March 6, 1948) is a former competition swimmer who represented Canada in three consecutive Olympic Games in 1964, 1968 and 1972.	Ralph Hutton	Canada
country of citizenship	The book about Nikolai Ezhov written by Nikita Petrov and Marc Jansen is based on the archives made accessible after the dissolution of the Soviet Union.	Nikita Petrov	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	G. Venkateswaran (13 January 1948 -- 3 May 2003), popularly known as G.V., was a film producer and a highly qualified Chartered Accountant from the Prestigious ICAI, The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.	G. Venkateswaran	India
country of citizenship	Teremoana Rapley (born 1973) is a New Zealand singer, MC and television presenter, best known for her work in the 1990s with Upper Hutt Posse and Moana and the Moahunters.	Teremoana Rapley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	María Luisa Dehesa Gómez Farías was a Mexican architect who worked for close to 50 years in the Federal District of Mexico City, primarily designing single-family homes and apartment buildings.	María Luisa Dehesa Gómez Farías	Mexico
country of citizenship	Edward Dobson (1816/17? -- 19 September 1908) was Provincial Engineer for Canterbury Province, New Zealand from 1854 to 1868.	Edward Dobson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ayatollah Sayed Mortada Al-Qazwini (born 1931) is a Muslim religious authority who resides in Karbala, Iraq.	Mortada Al-Qazwini	Iraq
country of citizenship	Alice Mary Cassie (19 November 1887--17 March 1963) was a New Zealand political activist and feminist.	Alice Mary Cassie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Aili Keskitalo (born 29 October 1968) is a Norwegian Sami politician representing Norwegian Sámi Association (NSR), and sami the fifth and current president of the Sami Parliament of Norway, incumbent since 16 October 2013.	Aili Keskitalo	Norway
country of citizenship	Kang Chang-hee (Korean: 강창희) is the Speaker of the 19th National Assembly of South Korea, succeeding acting Speaker Chung Eui-hwa on 2 July 2012, for a two-year term.	Kang Chang-hee	South Korea
country of citizenship	Armen Movsisyan (Արմեն Մովսիսյան) (13 January 1962 -- 21 September 2015) was the Minister of Energy and Natural Resources of Armenia (2001--2014).	Armen Movsisyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Rasheed Masood (born 15 August 1947) is the first Indian parliamentarian to be found guilty in a criminal case after the Supreme Court of India ruled that lawmakers stand immediately disqualified if they are convicted for offenses that carry a sentence of more than two years.	Rasheed Masood	India
country of citizenship	Ashkhen often known as Queen Ashkhen (Armenian: Աշխեն, flourished second half of the 3rd century & first half of the 4th century) was the wife of King Tiridates III of Armenia.	Ashkhen	Armenia
country of citizenship	Arnon Goldfinger was born in Ramat Gan, Israel, to parents who immigrated from Germany and Czechoslovakia.	Arnon Goldfinger	Israel
country of citizenship	Akinyelure Patrick Ayo is an approved tax practitioner of the Chartered Institute of Taxation of Nigeria.	Akinyelure Patrick Ayo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Malik Beyleroğlu (born January 21, 1970) is a former amateur boxer from Turkey.	Malik Beyleroğlu	Turkey
country of citizenship	Alice-Leone Moats (1908--1989) was an American journalist and author who was born in Mexico to wealthy and socially prominent American parents.	Alice-Leone Moats	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jasmine Keene (born 14 January 1987 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian netball player, primarily in the position of goal shooter.	Jasmine Keene	Australia
country of citizenship	Samdech Sangha Raja Jhotañano Chuon Nath (Khmer: ជួន ណាត (cuən naːt); 11 March 1883 -- 25 September 1969) is the late Kana Mahanikaya Supreme Patriarch of Cambodia.	Chuon Nath	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Dene Davies (born 23 January 1947 in Hindmarsh, South Australia) is a retired Australian motorcycle speedway rider.	Dene Davies	Australia
country of citizenship	Professor R K Joshi (born 1936 in Kolhapur, Maharashtra, India - died 5 February 2008 in San Francisco, USA) was an academic type designer and calligrapher.	R K Joshi	India
country of citizenship	Arend von Stryk (born 10 February 1970) is a Namibian footballer with SK Windhoek in the Namibia Premier League.	Arend von Stryk	Namibia
country of citizenship	Ashley Paske (born 19 July 1970 in Nowra, New South Wales, Australia) and educated at Figtree High School is an actor, best known for his role in the television series Neighbours.	Ashley Paske	Australia
country of citizenship	Janet Cardiff was born in 1957 in Brussels, Ontario, Canada, and grew up on a farm outside of a small village.	Janet Cardiff	Canada
country of citizenship	Adad-nirari III (also Adad-narari) was a King of Assyria from 811 to 783 BC.	Adad-nirari III	Assyria
country of citizenship	Sean Thornton (born 18 May 1983 in Drogheda, Ireland) is a professional footballer currently playing for Drogheda United in SSE Airtricity League.	Sean Thornton	Ireland
country of citizenship	In 1953 Ilse Thiele succeeded Elli Schmidt as national president of the Democratic Women's League, one of several quasi-political mass movements that were a feature of East Germany's Soviet based constitutional structure.	Ilse Thiele	East Germany
country of citizenship	Prashanti Singh (born 5 May 1984, Varanasi, India) is a shooting guard for the Indian national women's basketball team.	Prashanti Singh	India
country of citizenship	Belchior Carneiro Leitão, often known as Melchior Carneiro (1516 at Coimbra, Portugal -- 19 August 1583 at Macau) was a Portuguese Jesuit missionary bishop.	Melchior Carneiro	Portugal
country of citizenship	Ernesto Alemann (1893 -- 1982) was the son of Swiss immigrants to Argentina.	Ernesto Alemann	Argentina
country of citizenship	Lyne Bessette (born 10 March 1975, Lac Brome, Quebec) is a professional bicycle racer from Quebec, Canada.	Lyne Bessette	Canada
country of citizenship	Carl Hecker (also spelled Karl Hecker) was born in Elberfeld, Germany 22.	Carl Hecker	Germany
country of citizenship	Janaq Paço (1914, Konitsa, Kingdom of Greece - 1991, Tirana, Albania) was one of the most known Albanian sculptors of the 20th century.	Janaq Paço	Greece
country of citizenship	Abdolreza Ghanbari (born c. 1968) is an Iranian university lecturer convicted of Moharebeh (waging war against God) currently awaiting execution in Iran.	Abdolreza Ghanbari	Iran
country of citizenship	Nicolas Hyeronimus (1 January 1808 -- 27 June 1860) was a pioneering innkeeper, merchant, pastoralist and politician in colonial New South Wales, Australia.	Nicolas Hyeronimus	Australia
country of citizenship	Tim Steward is a musician, singer, and songwriter from Brisbane, Australia.	Tim Steward	Australia
country of citizenship	Florencio del Castillo was born in Ujarrás, Costa Rica, near the colonial capital of Cartago, on October 17, 1778.	Florencio del Castillo	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Maho Nonami (野波麻帆 Nonami Maho born 13 June 1980 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress, best known for her role in the critically acclaimed 2LDK.	Maho Nonami	Japan
country of citizenship	Carl Michael von Hausswolff (born 1956) is a composer, visual artist, and curator based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Carl Michael von Hausswolff	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dr Nagalingam Ethirveerasingam represented Sri Lanka (then Ceylon) in the 1952 and 1956 Olympic Games and three Asian Games.	Nagalingam Ethirveerasingam	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Zsófia Bán was born in Rio de Janeiro and grew up in Brazil and Hungary.	Zsófia Bán	Hungary
country of citizenship	Vahe Stepanyan (Armenian: Վահե Ստեփանյան; born on April 6, 1948 in Stepanakert, Artsakh) is a prominent Armenian lawyer, a Doctor of Judicial Science (PhD), who served as the first minister of justice of the Republic of Armenia.	Vahe Stepanyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Françoise Chandernagor divides her life between Paris and France's central region.	Françoise Chandernagor	France
country of citizenship	Leo Allatius was a Greek, born on the island of Chios (then part of the Ottoman Empire and known as Sakız) in 1586.	Leo Allatius	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	The Afro-Brazilian group Ilê Aiyê was founded on 1974 by Antônio Carlos ``Vovô'' and Apolônio de Jesus in the neighborhood of Liberdade, the largest black population area of Salvador, Bahia, Brazil.	Ilê Aiyê	Brazil
country of citizenship	Marianne Smith (1851--1938) was a notable New Zealand businesswoman, community worker and philanthropist.	Marianne Smith	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Percival Turnbull (25 October 1862 -- 12 March 1937) was an Australian-born New Zealand cricketer who played for Otago.	Percival Turnbull	New Zealand
country of citizenship	François Gabart (born 23 March 1983 in Saint-Michel-d'Entraygues, France) is a French professional offshore yacht racer who won the 2012-13 Vendée Globe in 78 days 2 hours 16 minutes, setting a new race record.	François Gabart	France
country of citizenship	Sgt. Ebenezer Washburn, Esq., J.P., U.E. (April 8, 1756 -- November 12, 1826) was a businessman and political figure in Upper Canada.	Ebenezer Washburn	Canada
country of citizenship	Paul Pietsch (20 June 1911 -- 31 May 2012) was a racing driver, journalist and publisher from Germany, who founded the magazine Das Auto.	Paul Pietsch	Germany
country of citizenship	Gianfranco Facco-Bonetti (born 1940 in Galeata, Italy) is an Italian diplomat and is the current Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta to the Russian Federation.	Gianfranco Facco-Bonetti	Italy
country of citizenship	Marc Barthel (also known as Jesse D'Lane) is a singer, actor, songwriter and dubbing actor from Berlin, Germany.	Marc Barthel	Germany
country of citizenship	Clergé was the greatest player of real tennis in the mid 18th century, with the height of his career being about 1753 in France.	Clergé	France
country of citizenship	Gabriel Caruana (born in 1929 in Malta) is a Maltese artist who works primarily in ceramics.	Gabriel Caruana	Malta
country of citizenship	Professor Karim Vessal is an Iranian Physician and a pioneer of radiology and nuclear medicine in Iran.	Karim Vessal	Iran
country of citizenship	Vindy Lee (born November 23 in Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Indonesian celebrity chef, TV personality and author of the Sexy Food cookbook.	Vindy Lee	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Omaheke governor Rapama Kamehozu died in office from cancer on March 23, 2013, at Roman Catholic Hospital in Windhoek, Namibia, at the age of 63.	Rapama Kamehozu	Namibia
country of citizenship	Pasquale de Luca (surname also spelled DeLuca) (born 26 May 1962 in Edmonton) is a former professional soccer player from Alberta, Canada.	Pasquale de Luca	Canada
country of citizenship	Andries Jan Pieters (1916 -- 21 March 1952) was a Dutch war criminal and, together with Artur Albrecht, was one of the last two people to be executed in the Netherlands.	Andries Jan Pieters	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Hotowski (born 25 November 1981 in Zgierz, Poland) is a Polish rugby union player who plays as a wing or centre.	Krzysztof Hotowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Joël Robert (born 26 November 1943 in Châtelet, Belgium) is a Belgian former professional motocross racer who won the 250cc Motocross World Championship six times including five times in a row.	Joël Robert	Belgium
country of citizenship	Al-Hajj Murad Ebrahim (born May 2, 1948) is the current chairman of the southern Philippines' Islamist group, the Moro Islamic Liberation Front.	Murad Ebrahim	Philippines
country of citizenship	Jay Epae (7 March 1933 -- 25 July 1994), born Nicholas Epae, was a Māori pop singer from Manaia, Taranaki, New Zealand.	Jay Epae	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The headquarters of the World Trade Organization in Geneva, Switzerland (Centre William Rappard, built to house the International Labour Organization) and the Chemin William Rappard in Bellevue, Switzerland, have been named after him.	William Rappard	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Kimberly Dos Ramos De Sousa (born April 15, 1992) is an actress, entertainer, model, and singer from Venezuela.	Kimberly Dos Ramos	Venezuela
country of citizenship	César Velázquez (born 16 September 1972 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a retired Paraguayan footballer who has played for clubs in Paraguay, Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Honduras and Mexico.	César Velázquez	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Born in Chatham, Canada West, the second son of Alexander Rocke Robertson and Effie Eberts, Robertson attended the Caradoc Academy and then studied law in Chatham.	Alexander Rocke Robertson	Canada
country of citizenship	Giulio Cabianca (February 19, 1923 -- June 15, 1961) was a Formula One driver from Italy.	Giulio Cabianca	Italy
country of citizenship	Ian Winchester (born 27 May 1973) is a discus thrower from New Zealand.	Ian Winchester	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Since 2005 he has been in tour in Italy and in Europe with Angelo Branduardi Stefano Olivato is the conductor of Orchestra popolare di Venezia:	Stefano Olivato	Italy
country of citizenship	Rajkumar Dhoot, Member of Parliament (Rajya Sabha) representing the State of Maharashtra, India and Immediate Past-President of the Apex Indian Chamber of Commerce & Industry, ASSOCHAM (The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India) is also the Promoter & Co-Owner of the diversified Videocon Group of Companies.	Rajkumar Dhoot	India
country of citizenship	Simeon Bulgaru (born 26 May 1985 in Chişinău) is a football player from Moldova who plays for FC Irtysh Pavlodar.	Simeon Bulgaru	Moldova
country of citizenship	Adame Ba Konaré (born 1 May 1947 in Segu, Mali) is a Malian historian and writer who is married to Alpha Oumar Konaré, former President of Mali.	Adame Ba Konaré	Mali
country of citizenship	Earle Maynier (died September 1972) was a Jamaican diplomat who served as Jamaica's High Commissioner to Canada from 1962 to 1965.	Earle Maynier	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Jean Châtel (1575 -- 29 December 1594) attempted to assassinate King Henry IV of France on 27 December 1594.	Jean Châtel	France
country of citizenship	In 1785, Agathe de Rambaud was chosen by Queen Marie Antoinette to be the berceuse des enfants de France, the official nurse, of her second son Louis-Charles, Duke of Normandy, who became the Dauphin at the death of his elder brother Louis-Joseph, Dauphin of France in 1789.	Agathe de Rambaud	France
country of citizenship	Cabra Casay was born in a Sudanese refugee camp, to Ethiopian Jewish parents on their way to Israel, in what was called Operation Moses.	Cabra Casay	Israel
country of citizenship	Veronika Eberle has established a reputation as one of the most promising violin talents to emerge from Germany in recent years.	Veronika Eberle	Germany
country of citizenship	Rupesh Puna (born 19 April 1981) is a football (soccer) player who represented New Zealand at international level.	Rupesh Puna	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Waleed Salim Al-Lami (Arabic: وليد سالم اللامي‎; born 5 January 1991) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a right back for Al Shorta and the Iraq national team.	Waleed Salim Al-Lami	Iraq
country of citizenship	Yellow Yeiyah, last names also seen as two words ``Yei Yah'', (born 9 September 1984 in Ondo, Nigeria) is an Olympic swimmer from Nigeria.	Yellow Yeiyah	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ayinde Bakare (1912 -- 1 October 1972) was a pioneering Yoruba jùjú and highlife musician in Nigeria.	Ayinde Bakare	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Anıl Uyar (born 17 November 1980 in Ankara, Turkey), is a Turkish professional ice hockey player and coach.	Anıl Uyar	Turkey
country of citizenship	Bir Bahadur Rana (Nepali: बीर बहादुर राना) is Nepalese judoka Coach and gold medalists Nepalese judoka for Nepal in the Seventh South Asian Games (SAG), Madras, in 1995.	Bir Bahadur Rana	Nepal
country of citizenship	Henry Vanegas Pacheco (born July 29, 1960 in Colombia) is a retired Colombian football player.	Henry Vanegas	Colombia
country of citizenship	August Perk (October 25, 1897, Lohne / Lingen, Germany; -- May 12, 1945, Braunschweig, Germany) was a German Resistance fighter against the National Socialism.	August Perk	Germany
country of citizenship	Jacob Obermeyer was born in 1845, at Steinhart in Bavaria, modern-day Germany.	Jacob Obermeyer	Germany
country of citizenship	Uthpala Chakraborty is a former Test cricketer who represented India.	Uthpala Chakraborty	India
country of citizenship	Gerold Rahmann (born 29 April 1962 in Wittmund, Germany) is a German agricultural economist.	Gerold Rahmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Captain Emilio Carranza Rodríguez (December 9, 1905 -- July 12, 1928) was a noted Mexican aviator and national hero, nicknamed the ``Lindbergh of Mexico''.	Emilio Carranza	Mexico
country of citizenship	Christian Pescatori is a professional racecar driver from Italy.	Christian Pescatori	Italy
country of citizenship	Maunga Emery (1931/1932 -- 1 September 2011) was a New Zealand rugby footballer who represented his country in rugby league and the New Zealand Māori in rugby union.	Maunga Emery	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rod Oram is a New Zealand journalist writing on corporate, economic and political issues.	Rod Oram	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Massimo Porrati (born 1961 in Genova, Italy) is a professor of physics, and a member of the Center for Cosmology and Particle Physics, at New York University.	Massimo Porrati	Italy
country of citizenship	Anísio Ferreira de Sousa is a Brazilian doctor and serial killer who ran a satanic ring that killed boys in Altamira, Brazil.	Anísio Ferreira de Sousa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Bhagwat Rawat was born on 13 September 1939 in a Brahmin family in the Village Teherka, District Teekamgarh, in Madhya Pradesh, India.	Bhagwat Rawat	India
country of citizenship	Gary Potts was the former chief of the Temagami First Nation and the Teme-Augama Anishnabai in Temagami, Ontario, Canada.	Gary Potts	Canada
country of citizenship	Kirk Torrance is an actor and award-winning playwright from New Zealand, best known for his role as Wayne Judd in Outrageous Fortune.	Kirk Torrance	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hua Xiong (died 191) was a military general under the warlord Dong Zhuo during the late Eastern Han Dynasty of China.	Hua Xiong	China
country of citizenship	Lauchlan McGillivray (died 1880) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Southland, New Zealand.	Lauchlan McGillivray	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Leonard Ramatlakane (born 16 February 1953) is the former Minister of Community Safety in the Western Cape province of South Africa whilst an ANC member.	Leonard Ramatlakane	South Africa
country of citizenship	Mauricio Redolés (born on 6 June 1953 in Santiago de Chile, Chile) is a Chilean poet, singer-songwriter and musician.	Mauricio Redolés	Chile
country of citizenship	Kathrin Krahfuss is a beauty queen who represented Austria in Miss World 2008 in South Africa.	Kathrin Krahfuss	Austria
country of citizenship	Robert Llewellyn Bradshaw (16 September 1916 -- 23 May 1978) was the first Premier of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the Caribbean, and previously served as Chief Minister, legislator, and labour activist.	Robert Llewellyn Bradshaw	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country of citizenship	Oreste Giorgi in Valmontone, Italy.	Oreste Giorgi	Italy
country of citizenship	Berliz Susan Carrizo Escandela is a beauty pageant titleholder, born in Lagunillas, Zulia, Venezuela on April 24, 1984.	Susan Carrizo	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Billy Boyo (born Billy Theophilus Rowe, 21 September, Kingston, Jamaica 1969 -- 29 October 2000) was a reggae artist, was probably the most prolific of the early-1980s child MC's.	Billy Boyo	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Jules Pappaert known as Pataat, was a Belgian footballer born 5 November 1905 in Saint-Gilles (Belgium), died 30 December 1945.	Jules Pappaert	Belgium
country of citizenship	John Sievewright (born 1846) was a teacher and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	John Sievewright	Canada
country of citizenship	Daniel Robichaud (born 1976, Drummondville, Quebec, Canada) is an entrepreneur and angel investor.	Daniel Robichaud	Canada
country of citizenship	David t'Kindt (1699--1770), architect, practised his profession mainly in Ghent, Belgium.	David t'Kindt	Belgium
country of citizenship	Carl Johan Grimmark is a Christian guitarist born in Gothenburg, Sweden October 14, 1977.	Carl Johan Grimmark	Sweden
country of citizenship	Kara Pryor (born 2 April 1991) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a loose forward for the Blues in the international Super Rugby competition.	Kara Pryor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ximena Herrera (born Carla Ximena Herrera Bowles on October 5, 1979 in La Paz, Bolivia) is a Bolivian-born Mexican actress and occasional singer.	Ximena Herrera	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Alex Sandro Lobo Silva, or simply Alex Sandro (born 26 January 1991), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Juventus and the Brazil national team, as a left back.	Alex Sandro	Brazil
country of citizenship	Petar Mamić (pronounced (pětär mä̌:mit͡ɕ)) (born 6 March 1996) is a Croatian footballer currently on loan from GNK Dinamo Zagreb who plays for Dinamo Zagreb 2 and the Croatia national under-19 football team.	Petar Mamić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Bose Krishnamachari is an internationally acclaimed Malayali painter and Artist-Curator based in Mumbai, India.	Bose Krishnamachari	India
country of citizenship	Khazar Ibrahim (Azerbaijani: Xəzər İbrahim, b. May 30, 1978 in Azerbaijan) is an adviser for Azerbaijan's ambassador to the United States.	Khazar Ibrahim	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Flavio Barros Souza (born 23 January 1978 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian football striker, currently playing for Moroccan club Maghreb Fez.	Flavio Barros	Brazil
country of citizenship	Georgina Jane Burgess (c.1841--10 January 1904) was a New Zealand hotel-keeper, midwife and postmistress.	Georgina Jane Burgess	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michela Miti (born Michela Macaluso; June 12, 1963) is an Italian actress and Television presenter In the year 1979-80 hosted in Italy the first edition on a kid television show 3,2,1... contatto!.	Michela Miti	Italy
country of citizenship	Princess Oraprabandh Rambai (Thai: อรประพันธ์รำไพ; rtgs: Onpraphanramphai; 7 July 1885 -- 25 May 1933), was the Princess of Siam (later Thailand).	Oraprabandh Rambai	Siam
country of citizenship	Philippe Falliex (Born April 27, 1966, in Lyon, France) is a French composer specializing in background music for television and radio programs.	Philippe Falliex	France
country of citizenship	Anne Will (born March 18, 1966) is a television journalist from Germany.	Anne Will	Germany
country of citizenship	Nikhat Kazmi (1958/1959 -- 20 January 2012), born Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, was a senior correspondent and well-known film critic from India, who had been writing for The Times of India since 1987.	Nikhat Kazmi	India
country of citizenship	Harsha Iyer (born 12 March 1992) is an independent Indian musician, composer and multi-instrumentalist from Chennai, India.	Harsha Iyer	India
country of citizenship	Makano in Panama means ``strong like a tree''.	Makano	Panama
country of citizenship	Tomás Brizuela (c. 1800 -- 20 June 1841 ) was a soldier and caudillo in Argentina.	Tomás Brizuela	Argentina
country of citizenship	Pandit Raghunath Vinayak Dhulekar (born 7 January 1891, Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh -- 1980) was a prominent Indian freedom fighter from Uttar Pradesh who took an active part in the Indian National Movement and Salt March and held many responsible positions in Indian politics including Member of the Parliament of India and Constituent Assembly in 1952.	Raghunath Vinayak Dhulekar	India
country of citizenship	Lorne Reznowski (1929 -- November 9, 2011) was a professor of English at the University of Manitoba and leader of the Social Credit Party of Canada.	Lorne Reznowski	Canada
country of citizenship	Thomas Teige was born in Aachen (North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany) and moved in 1980 to Hamburg, West Germany.	Thomas Teige	Germany
country of citizenship	Rory Dodd (born Port Dover, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian rock vocalist who has performed many songs written by Jim Steinman.	Rory Dodd	Canada
country of citizenship	Igor Butman PAR is a Russian jazz saxophonist born in St. Petersburg, Russia in 1961.	Igor Butman	Russia
country of citizenship	Samy and Sandra Sandoval are a brother and sister musical duo from Panama.	Samy and Sandra Sandoval	Panama
country of citizenship	Hubert Minnebo (born 6 February 1940) is an artist from Belgium.	Hubert Minnebo	Belgium
country of citizenship	Sandu Tăbârcă, sometimes written Tăbîrcă, (born 11 July 1965 in Romania) is a retired football player and current manager.	Sandu Tăbârcă	Romania
country of citizenship	Laurie Pace (born 9 February 1966) is a former judoka from Malta, who competed for her native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.	Laurie Pace	Malta
country of citizenship	Catherine Loyola (born 1986) is a fashion model and beauty queen from the Philippines.	Catherine Loyola	Philippines
country of citizenship	Enrique Riveros Fernandez (1906--1954), was a Chilean actor who worked primarily in films in France, most notably with directors Jean Renoir and Jean Cocteau, before retiring from the screen and moving back to Chile to raise his children.	Enrique Riveros	Chile
country of citizenship	Renata Dancewicz (born 7 February 1969 in Leszno, Poland) is a Polish actress and member of the The Polish Bridge Union.	Renata Dancewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Jacky June (aka Jacke Jun, né Jean-Jacques Junne 3 April 1924 Brussels -- 28 September 2012 Braine-l'Alleud, Belgium) was a Belgian jazz saxophonist, clarinetist, and bandleader.	Jacky June	Belgium
country of citizenship	Lt. Colonel Mohammed Maina was governor of Borno State, Nigeria during the military administrations of Generals Ibrahim Babangida.	Mohammed Maina	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Erica Vaal continued her acting career in theaters throughout Germany and Austria.	Erica Vaal	Austria
country of citizenship	Falk Huste (born November 6, 1971 in Greiz, Thüringen) is a boxer from Germany, who won the bronze medal in the Men's Featherweight (-- 57 kg) division at the 2000 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Tampere, Finland.	Falk Huste	Germany
country of citizenship	Dương Trương Thiên Lý (born June 10, 1989) is a Vietnamese actress, director, model and beauty pageant titleholder who placed 2nd runner-up in Miss Universe Vietnam 2008, represented Vietnam in the Miss World 2008 pageant in South Africa.	Dương Trương Thiên Lý	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Rama Ravi has performed in Sangeet Sammelan recitals, and has also appeared in national programs on Doordarshan and All India Radio.	Rama Ravi	India
country of citizenship	Ok-khun Chamnan was a member of a first embassy to Portugal, which left Siam in March 1684.	Ok-khun Chamnan	Siam
country of citizenship	Keiji Haino (灰野 敬二 Haino Keiji) born May 3, 1952 in Chiba, Japan, and currently residing in Tokyo, is a Japanese musician and singer-songwriter whose work has included rock, free improvisation, noise music, percussion, psychedelic music, minimalism and drone music.	Keiji Haino	Japan
country of citizenship	Ignacio Quereda Laviña (born 24 July 1950) is a Spanish football coach who managed the Spain women's national football team between 1988 and 2015.	Ignacio Quereda	Spain
country of citizenship	Philippe Goddin (born May 27, 1944 in Brussels, Belgium) is a leading expert and literary critic of The Adventures of Tintin, and author of several books on Tintin and his creator, Hergé.	Philippe Goddin	Belgium
country of citizenship	Raymond Bwanga Tshimen (born 4 January 1949) is a former footballer from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (then Belgian Congo).	Bwanga Tshimen	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	documentation, Germany 2004 Elke Heidenreich bei Beckmann.	Elke Heidenreich	Germany
country of citizenship	Rex Vijayan (Malayalam: റെക്സ് വിജയന്; born 26 April 1983) is a guitarist, composer, producer and multi-instrumentalist from Kerala, India.	Rex Vijayan	India
country of citizenship	Chaudhary Sunil Singh is National President of Lok Dal, a political party (founded by former Prime Minister of India, late Ch. Charan Singh) is former Member of Legislative Council (State of Uttar Pradesh,India.	Chaudhary Sunil Singh	India
country of citizenship	Harry Geris (November 22, 1947 -- April 24, 2008) was a Canadian Olympic wrestler who represented Canada in the 1968, 1972, and 1976 Olympics, and the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games.	Harry Geris	Canada
country of citizenship	Kazuki Ganaha (我那覇 和樹 Ganaha Kazuki; born September 26, 1980 in Naha, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese football (soccer) player who currently plays for Kamatamare Sanuki.	Kazuki Ganaha	Japan
country of citizenship	Sidik Mia is a Malawian businessman and a politician who is a Member of Parliament and held various ministerial positions within the Cabinet of Malawi beginning in 2004.	Sidik Mia	Malawi
country of citizenship	Enzo Avitabile (born 1 March 1955 in Naples, Italy) is an Italian saxophonist and singer-songwriter.	Enzo Avitabile	Italy
country of citizenship	Tony Tixier (born 26 February 1986, Montreuil, France).	Tony Tixier	France
country of citizenship	When his Sudanese father left Germany when Samy Deluxe was just two years old, Samy grew up with his mother's family.	Samy Deluxe	Germany
country of citizenship	Basrief Arief (born January 23, 1947) was the Attorney General of Indonesia from November 26, 2010 until October 20, 2014.	Basrief Arief	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Lena Carlzon-Lundbäck, born 26 March 1954 in Malmberget, Sweden is a Swedish former cross-country skier, competing for Malmbergets AIF at club level.	Lena Carlzon-Lundbäck	Sweden
country of citizenship	Anand Bhate was born in Pune, India in 1971, in a family active in classical music.	Anand Bhate	India
country of citizenship	Jimmy George (born March 8, 1955 in Peravoor, died November 30, 1987) is often considered one of the greatest volleyball players of all time and was a member of India men's national volleyball team.	Jimmy George	India
country of citizenship	Mashallah Shamsolvaezin is an Iranian newspaper and magazine publisher who edited many of post-revolutionary Iran's first and most widely circulated independent newspapers, including Kayhan, Jame'eh, Neshat, and Asr-e Azadegan.	Mashallah Shamsolvaezin	Iran
country of citizenship	Charles Wereko-Brobby (born 27 March 1953, in Kumasi) is an engineer, politician, diplomat and businessman in Ghana.	Charles Wereko-Brobby	Ghana
country of citizenship	Chaiwut Wattana (Thai: ชัยวุฒิ วัฒนะ, born July 14, 1981) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Chaiwut Wattana	Thailand
country of citizenship	Maarten van der Vleuten (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmaːrtə(n) vɐn dɛr ˈvløːtə(n))) is a Dutch producer, composer and recording artist born in Vught, The Netherlands in 1967.	Maarten van der Vleuten	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Suangsuda Lawanprasert (Thai: สรวงสุดา ลาวัณย์ประเสริฐ) is Miss Thailand 1997 and later an actress.	Suangsuda Lawanprasert	Thailand
country of citizenship	Consort Feng Yuan (馮媛, imperial title Zhaoyi (昭儀), died 6 BC) was an imperial consort during China's Han Dynasty.	Consort Feng Yuan	China
country of citizenship	Yang Amat Mulia Tunku Zain Al-'Abidin ibni Tuanku Muhriz (born 6 July 1982), more popularly known as Tunku 'Abidin Muhriz, is the second son of the reigning Yang di-Pertuan Besar of Negeri Sembilan in Malaysia, Tuanku Muhriz ibni Almarhum Tuanku Munawir.	Tunku 'Abidin Muhriz	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Shiva Naipaul (25 February 1945 -- 13 August 1985), born Shivadhar Srivinasa Naipaul in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, was a Trinidadian and British novelist and journalist.	Shiva Naipaul	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Beatriz Elena Uribe Botero is a Colombian economist and politician currently serving as the 1st President of the National Mining Agency of Colombia.	Beatriz Elena Uribe Botero	Colombia
country of citizenship	Nahum Zolotov (1926, Warsaw, Poland - 15 May 2014, Israel) was an Israeli architect and a recipient of the Rokach Prize in 1961 and in 1973.	Nahum Zolotov	Poland
country of citizenship	Lucero Miroslava Montemayor Gracia (born January 5, 1990) is a Mexican beauty pageant titleholder and sportscaster for ESPN Mexico.	Miroslava Montemayor	Mexico
country of citizenship	Zoltán Buday (born November 15, 1952 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian born actor.	Zoltán Buday	Hungary
country of citizenship	Sangh Priya Gautam is a former Union minister of state for agro and rural industries of India.	Sangh Priya Gautam	India
country of citizenship	Lê Gia Tông (chữ Hán: 黎嘉宗; 1661-1675), also Lê Duy Cối (黎維禬, 黎維𥘺) was a child king of Vietnam, reigning from 1672 to 1675 as the 9th of the figurehead kings of the later Lê dynasty warlord period.	Lê Gia Tông	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Ferdinand Bilali (born 10 April 1969 in Elbasan) is a former Albanian footballer who played for KF Elbasani, Bylis Ballsh, Erzeni Shijak and Egnatia Rrogozhinë, as well as the Albania national team.	Ferdinand Bilali	Albania
country of citizenship	Pavel Kharitonov (born 25 July 1989 in Moscow, Russia) is a Russian snowboarder.	Pavel Kharitonov	Russia
country of citizenship	Stevan Jovetić (Cyrillic: Cтeвaн Joвeтић, IPA: (stɛ̂ʋaːn jɔ̂ʋɛtitɕ); born 2 November 1989) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for Internazionale and the Montenegro national team.	Stevan Jovetić	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Andrea Angelini (born in 1961, Bologna, Italy) is an Italian organist, conductor, and choral organizer.	Andrea Angelini	Italy
country of citizenship	Juan de Dios Hernández-Ruiz, S.J. (Born November 14, 1948 in Holguín, Cuba) is the Titular Bishop of Cures Sabinorum and Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Havana.	Juan de Dios Hernández-Ruiz	Cuba
country of citizenship	Crisanto España (born October 25, 1964 in Venezuela) was a professional boxer in the welterweight (147lb) division.	Crisanto España	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Yosri Fouda (Arabic: يسري فودة‎ Yusrī Fūdah, IPA: (ˈjosɾi ˈfuːdæ)), born in Egypt, is an investigative reporter, author, and television host.	Yosri Fouda	Egypt
country of citizenship	Elisabeth Klein was born in Trencsén (now Slovakia) and grew up in Budapest, Hungary from the age of 3.	Elisabeth Klein	Hungary
country of citizenship	Pierre Du Moulin (Petrus Molinaeus in Latin; 1568--1658) was a Huguenot minister in France who also resided in England for some years.	Pierre Du Moulin	France
country of citizenship	Lara Merrett (born 1971) is an Australian visual artist who lives and works in Melbourne, Australia.	Lara Merrett	Australia
country of citizenship	Georges Mathé was born in 1922 in the village of Sermages, France, from a rural family.	Georges Mathé	France
country of citizenship	Maria Bashir is a prosecutor based in Afghanistan, who is the only woman to ever hold such a position in the country as of 2009.	Maria Bashir	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Gierczyński (born 23 January 1976) is a former Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team in 1997-2008, a participant of the Olympic Games Beijing 2008.	Krzysztof Gierczyński	Poland
country of citizenship	Dr. Safiatou Thiam is a doctor of public health in Senegal, a specialist in HIV/AIDS, and former Minister of Health and Disease Prevention in the government of Cheikh Hadjibou Soumaré.Today, she is Executive Secretary of CNLS National Council against AIDS	Safiatou Thiam	Senegal
country of citizenship	William Back (c. 1856 -- 15 February 1911) was an Australian cricketer who played at first-class level for Western Australia in 1893, including in its inaugural first-class match.	William Back	Australia
country of citizenship	Pushpa Lal Shrestha (Nepali: पुष्पलाल श्रेष्ठ) (1924 - 22 July 1978) was the founding general secretary of the Communist Party of Nepal as well as the leader of the Communist Party of Nepal (Pushpa Lal).	Pushpa Lal Shrestha	Nepal
country of citizenship	Héctor Robles (born September 7, 1971 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean Coach and former footballer.He currently manages Santiago Wanderers of the Primera División in Chile.	Héctor Robles	Chile
country of citizenship	Bhanupriya divorced Kaushal in 2005 and returned to India, where she resumed her acting career.	Bhanupriya	India
country of citizenship	Valerio of Bierzo (or Valerius of Bierzo; c. 630--c. 695) was an ascetic hermit and monk from the Bierzo region of Visigothic Spain.	Valerio of Bierzo	Spain
country of citizenship	Rafael Escalas Bestard (born February 24, 1961) is a former competitive swimmer from Spain.	Rafael Escalas	Spain
country of citizenship	Fioralba Dizdari is an Albanian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Albania 2013	Fioralba Dizdari	Albania
country of citizenship	Sandy Montenegro Littlefield is a Guatemala-born American businesswoman.	Sandy Montenegro Littlefield	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Usman Malik (born 20 July 1988 in Lahore) is a Pakistani cricketer who played in the U-19 Cricket World Cup for Pakistan.	Usman Malik	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Mir Jafar Baghirov Abbas oglu (Azerbaijani: Mir Cəfər Bağırov Abbas oğlu; 17 September 1896 -- 7 May 1956) was the communist leader of the Azerbaijan SSR from 1932 to 1953, under the Soviet leadership of Joseph Stalin.	Mir Jafar Baghirov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Sam Masich (born February 7, 1962 in Prince George, British Columbia) is a taijiquan instructor, performing songwriter and filmmaker residing in Vancouver, Canada and Berlin, Germany.	Sam Masich	Canada
country of citizenship	Maria Teresa Luengo was born in Quilmes, Buenos Aires, Argentina, and graduated from the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina in Buenos Aires in 1969, where she studied with Alberto Ginastera, Luis Gianneo, Juan Francisco Giacobbe, Roberto Caamaño and Gerardo Gandini.	Maria Teresa Luengo	Argentina
country of citizenship	William Charles Roy ``Roy'' Harvey (6 January 1921 -- 23 April 2006) , more commonly known as Roy Harvey, was Lord Mayor of Brisbane City Council, Queensland, Australia from 1982 until 1985.	Roy Harvey	Australia
country of citizenship	Nathaniel Willemse was born in South Africa and moved to Melbourne, Australia when he was six years old.	Nathaniel Willemse	South Africa
country of citizenship	Lars Leksell (1907--1986) was a Swedish physician and Professor of Neurosurgery at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden.	Lars Leksell	Sweden
country of citizenship	Juan E. Méndez (born December 11, 1944, Argentina) is a lawyer and human rights activist known for his work on behalf of political prisoners.	Juan E. Méndez	Argentina
country of citizenship	Helmut Lent was born on 13 June 1918 in Pyrehne, district of Landsberg an der Warthe, Province of Brandenburg, Germany (now Pyrzany, Lubusz Province, western Poland) and christened Helmut Johannes Siegfried Lent.	Helmut Lent	Germany
country of citizenship	Shavarsh Kocharyan (Armenian: Շավարշ Քոչարյան, born 3 April 1948, Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian diplomat, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs.	Shavarsh Kocharyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Eben Ernest Hayes (Ernest Hayes) (1851--1933) was a New Zealand engineer and inventor who founded the Hayes Engineering works in Oturehua, Central Otago.	Eben Ernest Hayes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Miyoko Akaza, (born February 10, 1944 in Aichi, Japan) is a Japanese actress.	Miyoko Akaza	Japan
country of citizenship	In 1977 Habib Mousa left Lebanon and immigrated to Sweden.	Habib Mousa	Sweden
country of citizenship	Gogi Saroj Pal (born 1945 in Neoli, Uttar Pradesh, India) is an eminent Indian artist.	Gogi Saroj Pal	India
country of citizenship	Moraci Vasconcelos Sant'anna (born 26 July 1951 in Santana de Parnaiba-São Paulo, Brazil), better known as Moraci Sant'anna, is a Brazilian conditioner/coach.	Moraci Sant'anna	Brazil
country of citizenship	Josimar Melo (born 1954 in Recife, Brazil), is a food & wine journalist for the major Brazilian daily newspaper, Folha de S.Paulo.	Josimar Melo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ana Cláudia Michels (born 31 July 1981 in Joinville, Santa Catarina, Brazil) is a Brazilian model of German descent.	Ana Cláudia Michels	Brazil
country of citizenship	Agha Hasan Abedi was born in a well off Shia Muslim family in Lucknow, British India and migrated to Pakistan after formation of Pakistan in 1947.	Agha Hasan Abedi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Huub van Boeckel (born 25 January 1960) is a retired professional tennis player from the Netherlands, who was one of the Netherlands' leading players in the 1980s.	Huub van Boeckel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Nissan Ben-Avraham (born December 11, 1957) is a Spanish sephardic rabbi who is descended from the Xueta, or forcibly converted, Jews of Majorca, Spain.	Nissan Ben-Avraham	Spain
country of citizenship	C. Madhava Menon (Malayalam: സി. മാധവ മേനോൻ; 20 June 1911 -- 4 February 1984) was a painter from Kerala, India.	C. Madhava Menon	India
country of citizenship	Bad Sector is an ambient/noise project formed in 1992 in Tuscany, Italy by Massimo Magrini.	Bad Sector	Italy
country of citizenship	Scott Tannas (born February 25, 1962) was the President/CEO and founder of Western Financial Group (formerly Hi-Alta Capital Inc.), an insurance brokerage, life insurance and banking company headquartered in High River, Alberta, Canada.	Scott Tannas	Canada
country of citizenship	Saša Ćirić or Saša Ḱiriḱ (Macedonian: Сашa Ќириќ; born 11 January 1968 in Kumanovo, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former football player from the Republic of Macedonia of Serbian origin.	Saša Ćirić	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Gershon Liebman (b. 1905, d. 8 March 1997 -- 29 Adar I 5757) was a leader of the Novardok Yeshiva movement and rosh yeshiva of Novardok in France.	Gershon Liebman	France
country of citizenship	Bruno Étienne was also member of the Institut universitaire de France.	Bruno Étienne	France
country of citizenship	Zdeněk Vávra (25 September 1891 -- 18 September 1947) was an Olympic fencer who competed for Bohemia in 1912 and Czechoslovakia in 1920.	Zdeněk Vávra	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	On 16 August 2007 Nordmann stepped down as Member of the SBB Management Board and CEO of SBB Cargo AG. Both the Board of Directors and the Management Board of SBB AG regretted Daniel Nordmann's decision and thanked him for his achievements in support of SBB and Switzerland's policy of transferring traffic from road to rail.	Daniel Nordmann	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Juan de Zapata (fl. 1520s) was a leader of the Revolt of the Comuneros in Spain.	Juan de Zapata	Spain
country of citizenship	Mahmoud Reda (born March 18, 1930 in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian dancer and choreographer.	Mahmoud Reda	Egypt
country of citizenship	Mildred Amelia Woodbine Pomare (1877--1971) was a New Zealand community leader.	Mildred Amelia Woodbine Pomare	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jacob Fortling (23 December 1711 -- 16 July 1761) was a German-Danish sculptor, architect and manufacturer, described as one of the most industrious people in the Denmark of his day.	Jacob Fortling	Denmark
country of citizenship	Dasho Kinley Dorji (Dzongkha: ཕྲིན་ལས་རྡོ་རྗེ་; Wylie: Phrin-las Rdo-rje) is the secretary of the Ministry of Information and Communications in Bhutan.	Kinley Dorji	Bhutan
country of citizenship	Marcin Awiżeń (born 1 November 1985) is a Paralympian athlete from Poland competing mainly in category T46 middle distance events.	Marcin Awiżeń	Poland
country of citizenship	Heghine Rapyan (born April 24, 1985 in Gavar, Armenia) is a young pianist of Armenian origin.	Heghine Rapyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Adriana Valdés Budge (born October 3, 1943 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean writer essayist.	Adriana Valdés	Chile
country of citizenship	Antony Santos is a bachata musician from the Dominican Republic, renowned for his role in redefining the genre to include romantic music.	Antony Santos	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Gumercinda Páez (1904-1991) was a teacher, women's rights activist and suffragette, and Constituent Assemblywoman of Panama.	Gumercinda Páez	Panama
country of citizenship	Bernie Chan (born in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) is a Malaysian model and actress.	Bernie Chan	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Perez Ahabwe is a Ugandan economist and politician who was State Minister for Local Government in Uganda from 16 February 2009 to 27 May 2011.	Perez Ahabwe	Uganda
country of citizenship	In 1868 the family returned to Belgium, and in 1876 Paul Le Marinel enrolled in the military school, graduating in 1878 with the rank of Sergeant.	Paul Le Marinel	Belgium
country of citizenship	Serdar Bilgili, born in 1963 in Istanbul, Turkey, served as the president of the Istanbul based football club Beşiktaş J.K..	Serdar Bilgili	Turkey
country of citizenship	Agim Murati (born in 1953 in Albania) is a retired international Albanian football striker.	Agim Murati	Albania
country of citizenship	Jean-François Mercier (born 19 July 1967) is a comedian, screenwriter and television host from Quebec, Canada.	Jean-François Mercier	Canada
country of citizenship	Hana Mareghni (sometimes spelled Marghani or Mergheni) (born 4 May 1989 in Tunis, Tunisia) is a Tunisian judoka.	Hana Mareghni	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Odette Lapierre (born January 28, 1955 in Charny, Quebec) is a former long-distance runner from Canada, who competed in the women's marathon at two consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1988.	Odette Lapierre	Canada
country of citizenship	Nattaphon Krobyoo (Thai: ณัฐพล ครบอยู่(แบงค์), born September 27, 1989) is a professional footballer from Sisaket Thailand.	Nattaphon Krobyoo	Thailand
country of citizenship	Chew Hoong Ling (Chinese: 周虹伶) (born 25 December 1980) in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia is an author, professional master of ceremonies, inspirational speaker and social activist.	Chew Hoong Ling	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Mots'eoa Senyane (born March 19, 1968) is the former Lesotho High Commissioner to Canada who served from 2006 to 2009.	Mots'eoa Senyane	Lesotho
country of citizenship	Miraj Barot is a businessman and entrepreneur in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	Miraj Barot	Uganda
country of citizenship	John Rutherford Blair (1843 -- 25 November 1914) was the Mayor of Wellington, New Zealand from 1898 to 1899.	John Rutherford Blair	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Margarita Tarradell Asencio (born November 30, 1962 in Santiago de Cuba) is a Cuban sport shooter.	Margarita Tarradell	Cuba
country of citizenship	Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈɡe̯orɡe ɡe̯orˈɡi.u deʒ); November 8, 1901 -- March 19, 1965) was the communist leader of Romania from 1947 until his death in 1965.	Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej	Romania
country of citizenship	Duško Kondor Trifunović (1947 -- 22 February 2007) was a Bosnian Serb human rights activist, a co-founder of the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights in Bosnia and Herzegovina (leading its Human Rights Education department), and a professor of sociology and philosophy.	Duško Kondor	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	April Byron (real name April Elizabeth Dove Potts) was born 22 March 1947, in Warburton, Victoria, Australia.	April Byron	Australia
country of citizenship	Giancarlo Bianchi is an Italian poet born, living, and working in Florence, Italy.	Giancarlo Bianchi	Italy
country of citizenship	Mary Anne Rymill (1817--1897) was a notable New Zealand missionary, teacher, nurse and companion.	Mary Anne Rymill	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Carlos Esparza (1828--September 28, 1885), lived in Mexico at the Texas border, and during his life he served as a soldier and the leader of the spy ring of Juan Cortina.	Carlos Esparza	Mexico
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Lehmacher (born in 1960 in Bonn, Germany) is author, global excecutive, advisor and entrepreneur -- expert in the field of supply chain, transport and logistics.	Wolfgang Lehmacher	Germany
country of citizenship	Tracy Looze-Hargreaves (born 16 August 1973 in Bulli, New South Wales) is an athlete from the Netherlands, although she was born in Australia.	Tracy Looze	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Thomas Bodström is also active as the chairman of the children's rights organization ECPAT Sweden.	Thomas Bodström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sir John Keith Angas (30 January 1900 -- 13 April 1977) was a pastoralist in South Australia.	Keith Angas	Australia
country of citizenship	Mojtaba Mirzadeh was born in 1945 in the city of Kermanshah, Iran.	Mojtaba Mirzadeh	Iran
country of citizenship	According to a public personal statement and an interview to an independent web-magazine in Brazil, ``Pedro Noel (...) was personally interrogated by two anonymous sub-contractors in Brussels.	Pedro Noel	Brazil
country of citizenship	Andrea McVeigh is a New Zealand sports commentator and former netball player.	Andrea McVeigh	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ferdinando Mattei (24 July 1761 -- 14 July 1829) was a Maltese prelate who was appointed bishop of Malta in 1807.	Ferdinando Mattei	Malta
country of citizenship	Linda Morgan (born 1942 in Mexico City, Mexico), now known as Linda Hardberger, became known as the ``miracle girl'' following the collision of two large passenger ships in the North Atlantic Ocean on the foggy night of July 25, 1956.	Linda Morgan	Mexico
country of citizenship	John Bernard Blamo (born 1935) is a former politician in Liberia.	John Bernard Blamo	Liberia
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Tôn Thất Đính (20 November 1926 -- 21 November 2013), was a retired officer who served in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN).	Tôn Thất Đính	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Charles Gordon Rowe (30 June 1915, Glasgow, Scotland -- 9 June 1995, Palmerston North, Manawatu) was a New Zealand cricketer who played in one Test in 1946 against Australia.	Gordon Rowe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jacques Garnier was verbally violent, demanding that the Convention ban in perpetuity emigres of both genders, punishable by their executions if they return to France; this act, with modification, was known as the Law of Suspects.	Jacques Garnier	France
country of citizenship	Born Robert Nicholas Jose in London, England, to Australian parents, Nicholas Jose grew up mostly in Adelaide, South Australia.	Nicholas Jose	Australia
country of citizenship	Arundhati Roy was born in Shillong, Meghalaya, India, to Rajib Roy, a Bengali Hindu tea plantation manager from Calcutta and Mary Roy, a Malayali Syrian Christian women's rights activist from Kerala.	Arundhati Roy	India
country of citizenship	Solange Gemayel is a political figure and former First Lady of Lebanon.	Solange Gemayel	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Vijay Pandhare is a former bureaucrat from Maharashtra, India.	Vijay Pandhare	India
country of citizenship	Hanara Tangiawha Te Ohaki Reedy (1903-- 8 April 1971) (OBE), commonly known as Arnold Reedy, was a New Zealand tribal leader, farmer and soldier.	Arnold Reedy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mrinmoy Bhowmick is a qualified journalist and an alumnus of Indian Institute of Journalism & New Media, Bangalore, India.	Mrinmoy Bhowmick	India
country of citizenship	Seymour Trieger was the second leader of the Green Party of Canada from 1984 to 1988.	Seymour Trieger	Canada
country of citizenship	Abraham Verhoeven (1575--1652) was the publisher of the first newspaper of the Southern Netherlands (now Belgium).	Abraham Verhoeven	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jatuporn Pramualban (จตุพร ประมลบาล) is a Thai former football coach of Thailand women's national football team.	Jatuporn Pramualban	Thailand
country of citizenship	Evi Goffin (born 27 February 1981, in Antwerp, Belgium) was the vocalist of the Belgian musical group Lasgo.	Evi Goffin	Belgium
country of citizenship	Jack Bowthorpe CBE (1905--1978) was the founder of Spirent plc, one of the United Kingdom's largest telecommunications businesses.	Jack Bowthorpe	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Job Roggeveen (born 1979, Geldrop) studied at the Design Academy Eindhoven in the Netherlands.	Job Roggeveen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mikko Meriläinen represented Finland at two Winter Olympics in 1948 St. Moritz, Switzerland (Military patrol team, the second place) and in 1952 Holmenkollen, Oslo.	Mikko Meriläinen	Finland
country of citizenship	Rodrigo Ariel Sevillano Cabezas known as Rodrigo Sevillano and as Ariel Sevillano (born 17 April 1985 in Barbacoas (Nariño), Colombia) is a Colombian footballer currently playing for América de Cali of the Categoría Primera B.	Rodrigo Sevillano	Colombia
country of citizenship	Maurice-Marie-Matthieu Garrigou was born on 21 September 1766 in the commune of Château-Verdun, France.	Maurice-Marie-Matthieu Garrigou	France
country of citizenship	Daniel Lindley (August 24, 1801 -- September 3, 1880) was an American missionary in South Africa.	Daniel Lindley	South Africa
country of citizenship	Visvaldis Ignatāns (born 3 August 1991 in Daugavpils) is a Latvian footballer, who currently plays for Daugava Daugavpils in the Latvian Higher League and Latvia national football team.	Visvaldis Ignatāns	Latvia
country of citizenship	Margaret Renwick, (February 1, 1923 -- January 20, 2012) was a politician in Ontario, Canada.	Margaret Renwick	Canada
country of citizenship	Luis Carlos Cabezas (born March 3, 1986 in Cali (Valle), Colombia) is a Colombian footballer that plays for Hunan Billows.	Luis Carlos Cabezas	Colombia
country of citizenship	Sayed Mekawy (May 8, 1927 -- April 21, 1997) (Arabic: سيد مكاوي ) was an Egyptian singer and composer, popular in Egypt and throughout the Arab world.	Sayed Mekawy	Egypt
country of citizenship	Juan Mayr Maldonado (born 27 May 1952) is a Colombian photographer and environmentalist currently serving as Ambassador of Colombia to Germany.	Juan Mayr	Colombia
country of citizenship	The war painter Roman Zenzinger was born on the 16 July 1903 in Olmuetz, Maehren, formally part of Austria.	Roman Zenzinger	Austria
country of citizenship	Jean-Roch Pédri known as just Jean-Roch (born 3 October 1966 in Toulon, France) is a singer-songwriter, and DJ / producer of electronic music and founder of ``Vip Room''.	Jean-Roch	France
country of citizenship	Tone Pavček was born on 29 September 1928 at Šentjurij in southeastern Slovenia.	Tone Pavček	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Vagharshak Harutiunyan (Armenian: Վաղարշակ Հարությունյան; born 28 April 1956) was the Defence Minister of Armenia from 11 June 1999 until 20 May 2000.	Vagharshak Harutiunyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Rahul Bhattacharya was born in Bombay (Mumbai) in India, and lived briefly as a baby in Calcutta.	Rahul Bhattacharya	India
country of citizenship	Richard Benjamin Terry (dates unknown) umpired the historic first Test match played between Australia and England in Melbourne on 15 March to 19 March 1877.	Richard Benjamin Terry	Australia
country of citizenship	Shalom Luani (born 5 August 1994) is an association footballer and American footballer from American Samoa.	Shalom Luani	American Samoa
country of citizenship	Andrija Radović (Serbian Cyrillic: Андрија Радовић; 1872-1947) was a Montenegrin and Yugoslavian politician and statesmen, former Prime Minister and leader of the People's and then Democratic Party, fighter for parliamentary democracy and chief proponent of Montenegro's unification with Serbia.	Andrija Radović	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Back in France, Paul de Thermes lost the Battle of Gravelines in 1558.	Paul de Thermes	France
country of citizenship	Aline Sax (born 1984, Antwerp, Belgium) is a Belgian author of children's and young adult literature.	Aline Sax	Belgium
country of citizenship	Adolf Reinach was born into a prominent Jewish family in Mainz, Germany, on 23 December 1883.	Adolf Reinach	Germany
country of citizenship	Joel Luna Zárate (born November 12, 1965 in Mexico City) is a Mexican former professional boxer in the Super Flyweight division.	Joel Luna Zárate	Mexico
country of citizenship	Martyn Forde (born June 28, 1985 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is an Olympic-swimmer from Barbados.	Martyn Forde	Barbados
country of citizenship	CD Japan listed a new mini-album from Shion Miyawaki named Love Songs --	Shion Miyawaki	Japan
country of citizenship	Maulana Abdul Hayy Lucknawi Firangi Mahali (1264 - 1304 A.H.) author of many famous works and a great scholar of his time, was born in Banda, India, on Tuesday 26 Zul Qada 1264 A.H (roughly on Tuesday 24 October 1848 C.E.).	Maulana Abdul Hayy	India
country of citizenship	Ferdinand Cheval was born in Charmes-sur-l'Herbasse, in the Drôme département of France, and lived in Châteauneuf-de-Galaure.	Ferdinand Cheval	France
country of citizenship	Sukhbir Singh Gill (born 14 December 1975 in Chandigarh) is a former field hockey midfielder from India, who made his international debut for the Men's National Team in 1995 during the Sultan Azlan Shah Hockey Tournament in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Sukhbir Singh Gill	India
country of citizenship	Due to persecution by the Arian Vandals in North Africa, the local Christian community dispersed, and together with Regulus, Felix, and some priests, Cerbonius escaped to Italy.	Cerbonius	Italy
country of citizenship	Oleg Volkov was born in the south of Russia in 1958.	Oleg Volkov	Russia
country of citizenship	Alexander Nikolayevich Samokhvalov was born on 21 August 1894 in the town of Bezhetsk, located in the Tver Governorate of the Russian Empire.	Alexander Nikolayevich Samokhvalov	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Modikwe Dikobe (pseudonym of Marks Rammitloa, born 1913, Seabe, north-central Transvaal) was a novelist, poet, trade unionist and squatter leader in Johannesburg, South Africa in the 1940s.	Modikwe Dikobe	South Africa
country of citizenship	Henry Blackett (circa 1820 -- 11 July 1907) was a New Zealand storekeeper and politician.	Henry Blackett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mohamed Bangura (born 27 July 1989) is a professional footballer from Sierra Leone who plays as a striker and as of 2015 a player for China League One club Dalian Yifang.	Mohamed Bangura	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Stephen W. Durrant calls Liu Zhiji ``one of ancient China's most critical and brilliant readers'' (The Cloudy Mirror, 71-72: Liu is quoted criticizing Sima Qian's style for verbosity and deliberately setting apart the chronologically close accounts).	Liu Zhiji	China
country of citizenship	Jetsadakorn Hemdaeng (Thai: เจษฎากร เหมแดง), born March 2, 1986) simply known as Buaw (Thai: บัว), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Jetsadakorn Hemdaeng	Thailand
country of citizenship	Hamid Hussain Musavi Kintoori Lakhnavi (1830 - 1880) (Hindi: अयातोल्लाह सय्यिद मीर हामिद हुसैन मुसावी किन्तूरी लखनवी, Urdu: آيت‌الله سیید میر حامد حسین موسوی کنتوری لکھنوی), was a leading Shia scholar of his time in India.	Hamid Hussain Musavi	India
country of citizenship	Jan Bang (born 21 August 1968 in Kristiansand, Norway) is a Norwegian musician and record producer, known from several albums and collaborations with musicians like Morten Harket, Sidsel Endresen, David Sylvian, Nils Petter Molvær, Arild Andersen, Bugge Wesseltoft, Arve Henriksen and Erik Honoré.	Jan Bang	Norway
country of citizenship	Although the name Chavela Vargas is associated with Mexico and its culture, she was born in Costa Rica, in San Joaquín de Flores, as Isabel Vargas Lizano, daughter of Francisco Vargas and Herminia Lizano.	Chavela Vargas	Mexico
country of citizenship	Don Jayawickramage Neil Rupasinghe (Don Jayawickramage Neel Rupasinghe) is a Sri Lankan politician, a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a former government minister.	Neil Rupasinghe	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Deng Zilong (鄧子龍 in traditional Chinese, 1531--1598) was a military commander for the Ming dynasty China.	Deng Zilong	China
country of citizenship	Cornelia Meyer (born 1959, Langenthal, Switzerland) is an international economist, independent energy expert and media commentator.	Cornelia Meyer	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Bärbel Jungmeier (born 8 July 1975) is a former road cyclist and mountain bike rider from Austria.	Bärbel Jungmeier	Austria
country of citizenship	Luca Filippi (born 9 August 1985 in Savigliano, Italy) is an Italian racing driver who competes in the IndyCar Series.	Luca Filippi	Italy
country of citizenship	Benjamin Abrahão Botto was murdered during the Estado novo period in Brazil.	Benjamin Abrahão Botto	Brazil
country of citizenship	Shaldimar Daantji (born May 4 1984 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch baseball player who played for the Netherlands national baseball team at the 2011 Baseball World Cup.Daantji is a cousin of Dutch baseball player Johnny Balentina	Shaldimar Daantji	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Datuk Nur Jazlan Mohamed (born 15 February 1966) is a Malaysian politician and is currently the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Pulai constituency in the state of Johor.	Nur Jazlan Mohamed	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Two men from Guayaquil, Medardo Ángel Silva and Ernesto Noboa y Caamaño, and two men from Quito, Arturo Borja and Humberto Fierro, were the precursors of modernismo in Ecuador.	Humberto Fierro	Ecuador
country of citizenship	The Mayor of Porto Alegre, Brazil, is the Chief Executive of the city.	Mayor of Porto Alegre	Brazil
country of citizenship	Karim Hirji is a businessman, hotel owner, and entrepreneur in Uganda.	Karim Hirji	Uganda
country of citizenship	Jorge Ricardo (born September 30, 1961 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a jockey in South American Thoroughbred horse racing who became the highest tally winning rider in the sport on February 5, 2007.	Jorge Ricardo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Steve Hofmeyr (born 29 August 1964) is a South African singer, songwriter and actor and an activist for Afrikaner rights in South Africa.	Steve Hofmeyr	South Africa
country of citizenship	Michal Klasa (born 19 December 1953) is a retired cyclist from Czechoslovakia.	Michal Klasa	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Philosopher Giuseppe Tarantino (1857--1950), Rector at the University of Pisa, Italy, helped introduce American and European philosophy to the Italian educational system.	Giuseppe Tarantino	Italy
country of citizenship	When the Sioux came into Canada, fleeing pursuing American forces, Crowfoot made peace with Sitting Bull and his tribe.	Crowfoot	Canada
country of citizenship	Karl Johan Baadsvik (22 August 1910 -- 5 October 1995) was a Canadian skier, born in Hitra, Norway.	Karl Johan Baadsvik	Norway
country of citizenship	Andriy Shevchuk, (Ukrainian: Андрiй Шевчук, born 12 August 1985 in Korosten, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union, now Ukraine), is a Ukrainian football striker.	Andriy Shevchuk	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Harry Gruyaert (born 1941 in Antwerp, Belgium) is a photographer known for his images of India, Morocco and Egypt as well as of the west of Ireland and for his use of colour.	Harry Gruyaert	Belgium
country of citizenship	François Hippolyte Lalaisse was taught by Nicolas-Toussaint Charlet and later became a professor at the ``École polytechnique (France)'' teaching there from 1839 to 1877.	François Hippolyte Lalaisse	France
country of citizenship	Carmen Romano de López Portillo (born Carmen Romano Nolk, February 10, 1926 - Died May 9, 2000) was the First Lady of Mexico from 1976 - 1982.	Carmen Romano	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rabih Abou-Khalil (Arabic: ربيع أبو خليل‎, born August 17, 1957 in Lebanon) is an oud player and composer.	Rabih Abou-Khalil	Lebanon
country of citizenship	David Hasler (born 4 May 1990) is a former Liechtenstein football midfielder, who last played for Eschen/Mauren in the third tier of the Swiss Football League.	David Hasler	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Viktor Bezmen (Belarusian: Віктар Бязмен; Russian: Виктор Безмен; born 26 November 1961) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer and Belarus international.	Viktor Bezmen	Belarus
country of citizenship	Basanti Dulal Nagchaudhuri (6 September 1917 -- 25 June 2006) was an Indian physicist and academic, and a scientific advisor to the Government of India.	Basanti Dulal Nagchaudhuri	India
country of citizenship	Rabah Yousif (born 11 December 1986) is a Sudanese-born British athlete, who initially competed for the Sudan before obtaining British citizenship.	Rabah Yousif	Sudan
country of citizenship	Haym Salomon (also Solomon; April 7, 1740 -- January 6, 1785) was a Polish-born American Jewish businessman and political financial broker who immigrated to New York from Poland during the period of the American Revolution.	Haym Salomon	Poland
country of citizenship	Julián Simón Sesmero (born April 3, 1987) is a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Spain.	Julián Simón	Spain
country of citizenship	Peter Brand (born 16 May 1947) is a United Kingdom general practitioner and Liberal Democrat politician.	Peter Brand	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Uli Lenz (born March 10, 1955) is a German composer, pianist, and producer creating music in the modern jazz genre, who has also served as a musical ambassador on behalf of Germany, in many tours across the world.	Uli Lenz	Germany
country of citizenship	Michel Block (January 12, 1937, Antwerp--March 4, 2003, Bloomington, Indiana) was born of French parents in Antwerp, Belgium.	Michel Block	Belgium
country of citizenship	Urszula Antoniak (born in Częstochowa, Poland) is a Polish-Dutch film director.	Urszula Antoniak	Poland
country of citizenship	Kiyanilie Peseyie (born August 1, 1947) is an Indian politician from Nagaland, India.	Kiyanilie Peseyie	India
country of citizenship	Ana Yancy Clavel (born April 28, 1992) is a Salvadorian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss El Salvador in 2012.	Ana Yancy Clavel	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Waberi Hachi (born 16 April 1981 in Djibouti) is a footballer for the Djiboutian soccer team.	Waberi Hachi	Djibouti
country of citizenship	Albert Ronald Tremain (9 October 1923 -- 17 July 1998) was a New Zealand composer and music teacher.	Ronald Tremain	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Carlos Julio Arosemena Tola (12 April 1888 in Guayaquil -- 20 February 1952) was President of Ecuador 15 September 1947 to 1 September 1948.	Carlos Julio Arosemena Tola	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Peter J. Schwendinger (born 27 April 1959 in Dornbirn, Austria) is an Austrian arachnologist.	Peter J. Schwendinger	Austria
country of citizenship	Syed Abdullah Khalid (born in 1945) is a sculptor from Bangladesh.	Syed Abdullah Khalid	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Religion played a key role in Angela Merkel's migration to East Germany.	Angela Merkel	East Germany
country of citizenship	József Petrétei (born 10 October 1958) is former Minister of Justice in Hungary.	József Petrétei	Hungary
country of citizenship	Gholamreza Baghabadi (Persian: غلامرضا باغ آبادی ‎‎, born 26 May 1958 in Tabriz, Iran) is a retired Iranian professional football player and coach.	Gholamreza Baghabadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Steffen Radochla (born 19 October 1978 in Leipzig) is a road bicycle racer from Germany, who turned professional in 2001.	Steffen Radochla	Germany
country of citizenship	Kanti Bhatt is an author, journalist and columnist from India.	Kanti Bhatt	India
country of citizenship	David Wang wrote that Hong Jun was dismissed from his position ``for allegedly settling boundary disputes on the basis of twelve Russian maps of the Chinese border area that turned out to be faulty and thus made China lose land to Czarist Russia.''	Hong Jun	China
country of citizenship	Alice Eastwood was born to Colin Skinner Eastwood and Eliza Jane Gowdey Eastwood on January 19, 1859, in Toronto Canada.	Alice Eastwood	Canada
country of citizenship	Dean Windsor (born 9 September 1986 in Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian professional racing cyclist who is known internationally as a criterium rider.	Dean Windsor	Australia
country of citizenship	Trần Thu Hà, also known as Hà Trần (born August 26, 1977 in Hanoi, Vietnam) is a famous Vietnamese singer and producer.	Trần Thu Hà	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Gholamali Pouratayi (in Persian: غلام‌علی پورعطایی - born 1941 in Mahmoud Abad, Torbat-e Jam, Iran; died 4 October 2014) was an Iranian Mugham singer and Dotar player.	Gholamali Pouratayi	Iran
country of citizenship	Moslem Eskandar-Filabi (Persian: مسلم اسكندر فيلابی‎‎, born 26 March 1944 in Filab, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran) more known as Eskandar Filabi is a renowned Iranian wrestler in the 1960s and 1970s.	Moslem Eskandar-Filabi	Iran
country of citizenship	Carlos Guzmán was also part of the Mexico U-21 team participating in the 2014 Toulon Tournament	Carlos Guzmán	Mexico
country of citizenship	Hella Pick was born in Vienna, Austria into a middle-class Jewish family.	Hella Pick	Austria
country of citizenship	John Philip Roblin (August 16, 1799-November 12, 1874) was a farmer and political figure in Upper Canada and Canada West.	John Philip Roblin	Canada
country of citizenship	Anton Christian Jacobæus (1911 in Stockholm, Sweden--1988) was a Swedish electrical engineer, known for his contributions to teletraffic engineering, especially in the design of the modern crossbar switch used for telephone switching.	Christian Jacobæus	Sweden
country of citizenship	Nidia María Jiménez Vásquez is a Costa Rican educator and politician, serving as a deputy in the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica for the 2014 to 2018 term.	Nidia María Jiménez Vásquez	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Javier Busto Sagrado (born 1949 in Hondarribia, Basque Country, Spain) is a Spanish choral music composer and conductor.	Javier Busto	Spain
country of citizenship	Lim Heem Wei (born 12 April 1989) is a Singapore artistic gymnast.	Lim Heem Wei	Singapore
country of citizenship	Pak Noja was born to a Jewish family in Leningrad, Soviet Union.	Pak Noja	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Federico Pérez (born January 23, 1986, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer.	Federico Pérez	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Michel Chion born in 1947 in Creil, France, is a composer of experimental music.	Michel Chion	France
country of citizenship	François-Nicolas Vincent (born 1766 or 1767; died March 24, 1794) was the Secretary General of the War Ministry in the First French Republic, and a significant figure in the French Revolution.	François-Nicolas Vincent	French Republic
country of citizenship	Séverine Nébié (born 27 November 1982 in Burkina Faso) is a Burkinabé judoka who trains in France.	Séverine Nébié	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	In January 2015, Brooke de Lench became the member for the United States of America for the UNICEF International Safeguards for Children in Sport global coalition.	Brooke de Lench	United States of America
country of citizenship	Nadia Bouras (born 1981, Amsterdam, The Netherlands) is a Dutch historian of Moroccan descent.	Nadia Bouras	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Aleksander Doba was born 9 September 1946 in Swarzędz, and now lives in Police near Szczecin, Poland.	Aleksander Doba	Poland
country of citizenship	Ebru Şallı (born 15 January 1977 in Istanbul) is a television personality, model, businesswoman, author, actress, and former beauty pageant titleholder from Turkey.	Ebru Şallı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Maroun Elias Nimeh Lahham (born 20 July 1948, Irbed, Jordan), is the first Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tunis from 2010, after having been bishop for more than four years.	Maroun Elias Nimeh Lahham	Jordan
country of citizenship	André Lamy (19 July 1932 -- 2 May 2010) was a Canadian film producer, who served as Canada's Government Film Commissioner from 1975 until 1979.	André Lamy	Canada
country of citizenship	Anahí Giovanna Puente Portilla was born May 14, 1983 Mexico City, Mexico to a Spanish father Enrique Puente and a Mexican mother Marichelo Portilla of paternal Spanish descent.	Anahí	Mexico
country of citizenship	Allar Levandi (born December 28, 1965 in Tallinn) is an Estonian nordic combined skier who competed during the late 1980s and early 1990s under two different nations in three straight Winter Olympic Games (1988: Soviet Union, 1992 and 1994: Estonia).	Allar Levandi	Estonia
country of citizenship	He has been the subject of two National Film Board of Canada documentaries, David Fennario's Banana Boots and Fennario:	David Fennario	Canada
country of citizenship	Olusola Teniola (born 10 July 1966) is a technology enthusiast from Lagos, Nigeria.	Olusola Teniola	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ulla Wiesner (born in 1940 in Werl/Westphalia, Germany, married in 1999, now Ulla Arnz) is a German singer.	Ulla Wiesner	Germany
country of citizenship	Tomi Pulkkinen (born 2 August 1992) is a figure skater who represented Switzerland until 2012 and began competing for Finland in 2013.	Tomi Pulkkinen	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Lia Eliava (Georgian: ლია ელიავა; 28 May 1934 -- 8 October 1998) was a Georgian actress and was recognized as National artist of Georgia.	Lia Eliava	Georgia
country of citizenship	Manuel Amador Guerrero (30 June 1833 -- 2 May 1909), was the first president of Panama from 20 February 1904 to 1 October 1908.	Manuel Amador Guerrero	Panama
country of citizenship	Robert Lešnik is a car designer, born 1971 in Limbuš, a village near Maribor Slovenia.	Robert Lešnik	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Ronnie Shikapwasha (born December 25, 1948) is the former Minister of Information and Broadcasting Services of Zambia.	Ronnie Shikapwasha	Zambia
country of citizenship	The New Zealand journalist Shayne Currie (born 1 April 1971) is editor of the New Zealand Herald newspaper, an Auckland-based newspaper with the highest circulation of any newspaper in the country.	Shayne Currie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jorge Sanjinés (born in La Paz, Bolivia on July 31, 1936) is a Bolivian film director and screenwriter.	Jorge Sanjinés	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Datin Paduka Seri Hajjah Rosmah Mansor (born 10 December 1951) is the wife of the 6th Prime Minister of Malaysia.	Rosmah Mansor	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Archbishop Mar Paulos Faraj Rahho (Arabic: بولس فرج رحو‎, Būlus Farağ Raḥū; Syriac: ܦܘܠܘܣ ܦ̮ܪܔ ܪܚܘ‎, Paulōs Farağ Raḥō; 20 November 1942 -- February or March 2008) was the Chaldean Catholic Archeparch of Mosul, in the northern part of Iraq.	Paulos Faraj Rahho	Iraq
country of citizenship	Tirumakudalu Chowdiah (Kannada: ಸಂಗೀತ ರತ್ನ ತಿರುಮಕೂಡಲು ಚೌಡಯ್ಯ) (1895 -- 19 January 1967) was a violin maestro from India in the Carnatic classical tradition.	Chowdiah	India
country of citizenship	Marilyn Faye Parney is a Canadian singer/songwriter and horse rider, and has been called ``Canada's Singing Cowgirl''.	Marilyn Faye Parney	Canada
country of citizenship	Edward Dembowski was the son of Julia, née Kochanowska, and a conservative castellan-voivode of the Congress Poland, Leon Dembowski.	Edward Dembowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Marianne Beate Kielland, (born October 12, 1975 in Lørenskog, Norway) is a Norwegian mezzo-soprano.	Marianne Beate Kielland	Norway
country of citizenship	Martin Beaver was born in Winnipeg, and raised in Hamilton, Canada.	Martin Beaver	Canada
country of citizenship	Thilakaratne Withanachchi is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Thilakaratne Withanachchi	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Risto Krle (Macedonian: Ристо Крле) (September 3, 1900--October 29, 1975) (born in Struga, present-day Republic of Macedonia during the Ottoman Empire) was a Macedonian playwright and the son of a shoe maker.	Risto Krle	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Péter Lóránt plays also with the Hungary national basketball team.	Péter Lóránt	Hungary
country of citizenship	Swen Nater was born in the Netherlands, his parents divorcing when he was three years old.	Swen Nater	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Héctor Gustavo Gatti (born January 25, 1972 in Mar del Plata (Buenos Aires), Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Clubs of Argentina, Chile, Mexico and Uruguay.	Héctor Gustavo Gatti	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ami Parekh (born January 10, 1988) is an Indian-American skater, representing India.	Ami Parekh	India
country of citizenship	Mariann Birkedal (born c. 1987 in Stavanger) is a Norwegian beauty queen who has represented Norway in Miss Universe 2008 and Miss World 2010.	Mariann Birkedal	Norway
country of citizenship	José Vaquerizo Relucio (born October 10, 1978 in Valencia) is a boccia player from Spain.	José Vaquerizo Relucio	Spain
country of citizenship	The Dimbago, also known as Bet Dimbago, are an ethnic group inhabiting Eritrea.	Dimbago	Eritrea
country of citizenship	José Antonio Cedeño (born José Antonio Cedeño y Labout on June 16, 1939, in Bayamo, Oriente, Cuba) is a self-taught Cuban artist specializing in sculpture, drawing and painting.	José Antonio Cedeño	Cuba
country of citizenship	Sorin Tănăsie (born June 8, 1980 in Craiova, Romania) is a professional bantamweight boxer.	Sorin Tănăsie	Romania
country of citizenship	Witold Maliszewski (Russian: Витольд Осипович Малишевский, Ukrainian: Вітольд Йосифович Малишевський; 20 July 1873 Mohyliv-Podilskyi, Russian Empire, now Ukraine - 18 July 1939, Zalesie, Poland), was a Polish composer, first Rector and founder of Odessa Conservatory and professor at Warsaw Conservatory.	Witold Maliszewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Jan Rot (born in Makassar on 25 December 1957) is a Dutch singer-songwriter who is famous in the Netherlands for his many translations of songs, pop as well as classic ones.	Jan Rot	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ayanda Dube; (born November 13, 1989) is a Swazi model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Swaziland 2011 and will represent her country in the 2012 Miss Universe pageants.	Ayanda Dube	Swaziland
country of citizenship	Ritham Madubun (1 April 1971 -- 1 August 2013) was an Indonesian football Defender who played for Indonesia in the 1996 Asian Cup.	Ritham Madubun	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Diana Popova (born December 10, 1976 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is an Individual Rhythmic Gymnast.	Diana Popova	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Vanessa Arauz (born 5 February 1989) is an Ecuadorian football manager who is currently the head coach of the Ecuador women's national football team.	Vanessa Arauz	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Olav Gunnarsson Helland (1875--1946), was a Norwegian Hardanger fiddle maker from Bø in Telemark, Norway.	Olav Gunnarsson Helland	Norway
country of citizenship	Ioan Alexandru (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈo̯an alekˈsandru); born Ion Șandor, December 25, 1941 in Topa Mică, Cluj County, Romania - September 16, 2000 in Bonn, Germany) was a Romanian poet, essayist and politician.	Ioan Alexandru	Romania
country of citizenship	Edward Cowley is a New Zealand-Samoan facilitator, entertainer and fa'afafine.	Edward Cowley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marcel Hatch, born November 4, 1954 in Spokane, Washington, is an American-born graphic designer, gay rights, and Trotskyist political activist based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Marcel Hatch	Canada
country of citizenship	Theodor Duesterberg (German pronunciation: (ˈdyːstɐbɛʁk); October 19, 1875 -- November 4, 1950) was a leader of the Stahlhelm, Bund der Frontsoldaten, in Germany prior to the Nazi seizure of power.	Theodor Duesterberg	Germany
country of citizenship	Lee Hu-rak (23 February 1924 -- October 31, 2009) was the Director of the Korea Central Intelligence Agency (KCIA) of South Korea from 1970 to 1973.	Lee Hu-rak	South Korea
country of citizenship	Jan-Christian Hansche or Hanssche was a Flemish artist, possibly of German origin, who worked as a stuccoist in the Southern Netherlands, and also in Germany and Holland, in the second half of the 17th century.	Jan-Christian Hansche	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Helenius de Cock (1 November 1824 -- 2 January 1894) was an instructor at the Theological School in Kampen, Overijssel, the Netherlands.	Helenius de Cock	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mahesh Bikram Shah (Nepali: महेशविक्रम शाह) is author, novelist and winner of Madan Puraskar for his book Chhapamar ko Chhoro of Nepal.	Mahesh Bikram Shah	Nepal
country of citizenship	Kenji Fusé (born 1965 in Northfield, Minnesota) is a Canadian violist and composer living in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	Kenji Fusé	Canada
country of citizenship	Krisse Salminen (born Heidi Kristiina Salminen 28 May 1976 in Hollola, Finland) is a Finnish stand-up comedian and television talkshow hostess.	Krisse Salminen	Finland
country of citizenship	After his return to the Dominican Republic, he released his first album, ``Soplando''(1984) with a group of local musicians that subsequently became known as Juan Luis Guerra y 440.	Juan Luis Guerra	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	James Arreak (born October 6, 1952) is a territorial and municipal level politician in Canada.	James Arreak	Canada
country of citizenship	Indy Khabra (born 10 May 1979 in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian Association football player in Australia as a central attacking midfielder for Enfield FC in the Football NSW State League.	Indy Khabra	Canada
country of citizenship	Yemane Gebreab is Head of Political Affairs and Presidential Adviser born in mekelle ethiopia 1954 is the People's Front for Democracy and Justice (PFDJ), the sole and ruling political party of Eritrea.	Yemane Gebreab	Eritrea
country of citizenship	El Wali Amidane (born 26 October 1986) is a Sahrawi human rights activist and an outspoken opponent of the Moroccan invasion of the territory of Western Sahara.	El Wali Amidane	Western Sahara
country of citizenship	Giangiacomo Feltrinelli was born in 1926 into one of Italy's wealthiest families, perhaps originating in Feltre.	Giangiacomo Feltrinelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Naungdawgyi (Burmese: နောင်တော်ကြီး (nàʊɴdɔ̀dʑí); 10 August 1734 -- 28 November 1763) was king of Konbaung Dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from 1760 to 1763.	Naungdawgyi	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Anna Nurmukhambetova (born 28 July 1993 in Kokshetau, Kazakhstan) is a Kazakhstani weightlifter representing Kazakhstan.	Anna Nurmukhambetova	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	In a interview for an algerian video about the Raï History only in Algeria (see external links), Boutaiba Sghir declared to an algerian journalist `` The raï music was prohibited in all algerian medias (radios and TV) during the 70's''.	Boutaiba Sghir	Algeria
country of citizenship	William Wyatt (1804 -- 10 June 1886) was a pioneer settler and philanthropist in South Australia.	William Wyatt	Australia
country of citizenship	Paul Bracq (born December 13, 1933, Bordeaux, France) is an automotive designer noted for his work at Citroën, Peugeot, BMW, and Mercedes-Benz.	Paul Bracq	France
country of citizenship	Admiral Deshamanya D. Basil Gunasekara, ndc, psc, SLN (7 May 1929 - ) was the Commander of the Sri Lanka Navy from 1973 to 1979.	Basil Gunasekara	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Štefan Horný (born 13 January 1957) is a former football player from Slovakia and recently manager of MFK Skalica.	Štefan Horný	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Mari Laukkanen (born November 9, 1987 in Eno, Finland) is a Finnish biathlete.	Mari Laukkanen	Finland
country of citizenship	Hadj Smaine Mohamed Seghir is an Algerian actor, director and thespian who was born in 1932 in Constantine, Algeria,	Hadj Smaine Mohamed Seghir	Algeria
country of citizenship	Ishani Shrestha (Nepali: इशानी श्रेष्ठ Listen ) (born May 5 1991) is a Nepali beauty pageant titleholder who the winner of Miss Nepal 2013 and Miss Best walk subtitle holder.	Ishani Shrestha	Nepal
country of citizenship	Lucy Takiora Lord (c.1842 -- 3 September 1893) was a New Zealand guide and interpreter.	Lucy Takiora Lord	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Soumana Makadji was Minister of Health and Public Hygiene in the Council of Ministers of Mali from April 2012 to September 2013.	Soumana Makadji	Mali
country of citizenship	Rangi Kipa (born 1966) is a New Zealand sculptor, carver, illustrator and tā moko artist of Māori (Taranaki, Te Atiawa Nui Tonu, Ngāti Maniapoto) descent.	Rangi Kipa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nicole Rogerson (born 1974 in Sydney) is the founding Director and CEO of Autism Awareness Australia, a national not-for-profit organisation, which advocates for the awareness and understanding of Autism Spectrum Disorder,..	Nicole Rogerson	Australia
country of citizenship	Ahmed Rashid Beebeejaun, GCSK (born on 22 December 1935) is a former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Utilities of Mauritius and he has been in office since 2008.	Rashid Beebeejaun	Mauritius
country of citizenship	Hanne Hukkelberg (born 17 April 1979) is a singer-songwriter from Kongsberg, Norway.	Hanne Hukkelberg	Norway
country of citizenship	Ferdinand Lumbantobing (19 February 1899 -- 7 October 1962) was Minister of Manpower and Transmigration of the Republic of Indonesia, Minister for Communications and Information of the Republic of Indonesia, Minister of Health of the Republic of Indonesia, and Governor of North Sumatra.	Ferdinand Lumbantobing	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Samuel Horgan (born 20 April 1987 in Palmerston North) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist for Team Budget Forklifts.	Samuel Horgan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Théodore-Pierre Bertin (2 November 1751 -- 25 January 1819) was the author of fifty-odd works on various subjects, but is primarily remembered as the person responsible for adapting Samuel Taylor's shorthand to the French language and introducing modern shorthand to France.	Théodore-Pierre Bertin	France
country of citizenship	Vania Rossi (born 3 October 1983) is a professional cyclocross bicycle racer from Italy.	Vania Rossi	Italy
country of citizenship	Miklós Toldi (c. 1320 -- November 22, 1390) was a Hungarian nobleman from Bihar County of the Kingdom of Hungary, who is remembered as a legendary strong hero in Hungarian folklore.	Miklós Toldi	Hungary
country of citizenship	Megan Hutton (born 26 March 1976 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a New Zealand retired netball player.	Megan Hutton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Denise Karbon (born 16 August 1980) is a retired World Cup alpine ski racer from northern Italy.	Denise Karbon	Italy
country of citizenship	Juan José Eguiara y Eguren (c. 1696, Mexico -- 29 January 1763) was a Mexican Catholic scholar and bishop.	Juan José Eguiara y Eguren	Mexico
country of citizenship	Vivian Frederick Maynard FitzSimons, born in Pietermaritzburg, was a notable herpetologist in South Africa.	Vivian Frederick Maynard FitzSimons	South Africa
country of citizenship	Olli Mäenpää (born 2 November 1950, Perniö, Finland) has been Professor of Administrative Law at the University of Helsinki since 1992 and previously held the same position at the University of Turku (1982-1992).	Olli Mäenpää	Finland
country of citizenship	Aaron Lines' debut album, Love Changes Everything, was released in Canada in 2001 by independent record label Combustion Music.	Aaron Lines	Canada
country of citizenship	Susan Cadogan (born Alison Anne Cadogan, 2 November 1951 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a reggae singer best known for her hit records in the 1970s.	Susan Cadogan	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Oscar Giannino was born in Turin, the capital city of Piedmont, Italy.	Oscar Giannino	Italy
country of citizenship	Gabriela Bertante notes that as a teenager aged 17, she used to help her parents at their store in her hometown in Matias Barbosa, Minas Gerais, Brazil before she moved to Sao Paulo to begin a career in modelling.	Gabriela Bertante	Brazil
country of citizenship	Nicolás Millán Carrasco (born 17 November 1991 in Santiago de Chile) is a Chilean footballer, who currently plays for Primera B de Chile side Puerto Montt.	Nicolás Millán	Chile
country of citizenship	After one year in FC Vestsjælland where they promoted to the best league in Denmark, it was announced that Casper Henningsen moved to Brønshøj Boldklub.	Casper Henningsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Dr. Sujate Jantarang is the President of Mahanakorn University of Technology in Thailand.	Sujate Jantarang	Thailand
country of citizenship	Kazys Grinius ((kɐˈz̪ʲiːs̪ ˈɡʲrʲɪn̪ʲʊs̪), 17 December 1866 -- 4 June 1950) was the third President of Lithuania, and held that office from 7 June 1926 to 17 December 1926.	Kazys Grinius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Brett Kissel (born May 27, 1990) is a Canadian country music artist signed to Warner Music Canada.	Brett Kissel	Canada
country of citizenship	István Berde (born 14 December 1988 in Sfântu Gheorghe) is a Hungarian football player born in Romania.	István Berde	Romania
country of citizenship	Clare Maclean (born in 1958 on the South Island of New Zealand, at Timaru) is a New Zealand composer.	Clare Maclean	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kritsada Wongkaeo (Thai: กฤษดา วงษ์แก้ว), is a Thai futsal Midfielder, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team.	Kritsada Wongkaeo	Thailand
country of citizenship	Vendula Frintová holds a degree in anthropology and genetics (Charles University, Prague) and, when in the Czech Republic, she lives in her home town Nachod.	Vendula Frintová	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Paolo Virzì was born in Livorno, Italy in 1964, as the son of a Sicilian police officer in the Carabinieri and a former singer.	Paolo Virzì	Italy
country of citizenship	Robert Wazinger (born August 23, 1966) is a retired Austrian football player who played for the Austria national football team.	Robert Wazinger	Austria
country of citizenship	In June 9th 2015, Yogi Adityanath declared that those who oppose Yoga can leave India and they should be drowned.	Yogi Adityanath	India
country of citizenship	Will Firth, born 23 May 1965 in Newcastle, Australia, is a literary translator who focuses on contemporary writing from the Serbo-Croatian speaking countries and Macedonia.	Will Firth	Australia
country of citizenship	Barry Long was born and raised in Australia and had little formal education.	Barry Long	Australia
country of citizenship	Prabhakar Sanzgiri (died 9 March 2009, in Vikhroli) was a communist politician, trade union organiser and newspaper editor from Maharashtra, India.	Prabhakar Sanzgiri	India
country of citizenship	Florian Metz (born September 18, 1985 in Zwettl, Lower Austria) is an Austrian international footballer who plays as a defender for LASK Linz.	Florian Metz	Austria
country of citizenship	Jan Ridderbos (24 November 1879 -- 4 July 1960) was a minister in the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands and since 1912 professor of Old Testament at the Theological College (Old Street) in Kampen.	Jan Ridderbos	Netherlands
country of citizenship	David Warbeck (born David Mitchell; 17 November 1941 -- 23 July 1997) was a New Zealand actor best known for his film roles in Europe.	David Warbeck	New Zealand
country of citizenship	A native of Surabaya, East Java which, until the founding of Indonesia in 1945, was a part of Dutch East Indies, Ong Hok Ham lived in the city of his birth for the first twenty-five years of his life.	Ong Hok Ham	Indonesia
country of citizenship	John Scherrenburg (born October 23, 1963 in Ede) is a retired water polo player from the Netherlands.	John Scherrenburg	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Pierre Martin Ngô Đình Thục (Vietnamese pronunciation: (ŋo ɗîɲ tʰùkp)) (6 October 1897 -- 13 December 1984) was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Huế, Vietnam and a member of the Ngô family, who ruled South Vietnam in the years leading up to the Vietnam War.	Ngô Đình Thục	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Kristjan Makke (born March 12, 1981 in Kohtla-Järve, Estonia) is an Estonian professional basketballer.	Kristjan Makke	Estonia
country of citizenship	In addition to his radio work, he found chart success in France with producing ``Everybody Clap'' and ``Summer Lovin''' both credited to DJ Assad vs Maradja.	DJ Assad	France
country of citizenship	Fot (Old Norse: Fotr) was a runemaster who flourished in mid-11th century Sweden.	Fot	Sweden
country of citizenship	Monir Vakili (December 19, 1923 in Tabriz, Iran -- February 28, 1983 in Belgium) was an Iranian soprano.	Monir Vakili	Iran
country of citizenship	Prince William Frederick, Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh KG GCB GCH PC FRS (15 January 1776 -- 30 November 1834), was a great-grandson of King George II and nephew and son-in-law of King George III of the United Kingdom.	Prince William Frederick, Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Not withstanding some denominational dilution caused by the arrival of refugees driven out by ethnic cleansing in parts of Poland and Russia east of the Oder-Neisse line which had been part of Germany before 1945, Hermann Strathmann remained member of a protestant minority within an overwhelmingly Roman Catholic Bavarian state.	Hermann Strathmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Roger de Flor (1267 -- 30 April 1305), also known as Ruggero/Ruggiero da Fiore or Rutger von Blum or Ruggero Flores, was an Italian military adventurer and condottiere active in Aragonese Sicily, Italy and the Byzantine Empire.	Roger de Flor	Italy
country of citizenship	Carina Round is a British singer-songwriter from Wolverhampton in the West Midlands of England.	Carina Round	England
country of citizenship	Dolly Minhas (Hindi: डॉली मिन्हास; born 8 February 1968, in Chandigarh) is an Indian actress and former model, well known for winning the Miss India contest in 1988.	Dolly Minhas	India
country of citizenship	Rafael Francisco Osejo was a Nicaraguan educator who governed Costa Rica in March 1823.	Rafael Francisco Osejo	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Robert Beith (May 17, 1843 in Darlington Township, Canada West -- January 26, 1922) was a Canadian politician and farmer.	Robert Beith	Canada
country of citizenship	Alexandr Romankov (Russian: Александр Анатольевич Романьков) is a former fencer from the former Soviet Union, who was born on 7 November 1953 in the town of Korsakov on the island of Sakhalin (just north of Japan).	Alexandr Romankov	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Antonia Fahberg (born 19 May 1928) is an Austrian lyric soprano in opera and concert, who made a European career from Germany.	Antonia Fahberg	Germany
country of citizenship	Stany Kempompo Ngangola, born January 8, 1974, is a swimmer and electrical engineer from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Stany Kempompo Ngangola	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Martin Kuba (born 9 April 1973) is a Czech politician who served as Minister of Industry and Trade of the Czech Republic from November 2011 to July 2013.	Martin Kuba	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	María Susana Giménez Aubert (Spanish pronunciation: (suˈsana xiˈmenes); born January 29, 1944 in Buenos Aires, Argentina), commonly known as Susana or Su, is an Argentine talk show host, actress, model and businesswoman.	Susana Giménez	Argentina
country of citizenship	Anthony Baffoe (born 25 May 1965 in Bad Godesberg, Bonn, West Germany) is a business manager and former Ghana international footballer.	Anthony Baffoe	Germany
country of citizenship	Zyber Konçi is a former coach of Albania.	Zyber Konçi	Albania
country of citizenship	Camilo José Cela was born in the rural parish of Iria Flavia, in Padrón, Province of A Coruña, Spain, on 11 May 1916.	Camilo José Cela	Spain
country of citizenship	Colleen Madamombe, born in 1964 in Salisbury, Rhodesia (now Harare, Zimbabwe following independence in 1980) received her secondary education at school in Kutama, between 1979 and 1984.	Colleen Madamombe	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Shri Bashistha Narain Singh, a politician from Samata Party, is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Bihar in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	Bashistha Narain Singh	India
country of citizenship	Pa George Karika (1 August 1893--5 May 1949) was a New Zealand-Rarotongan leader, clerk, soldier and farmer.	Pa George Karika	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sabah Khoury, born in Kuwait on 10 November 1982, lived in Lebanon until he was 15.	Sabah Khoury	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Lidia Istrati (June 22, 1941 in Sofia -- April 25, 1997 in Chişinău) was a writer and politician from Moldova.	Lidia Istrati	Moldova
country of citizenship	Ghulam Haider Hamidi (Pashto: غلام حیدر حمیدی‎, also spelled Ghulam Haidar Hameedi and also known as Henry Hamidi; 1945 -- 27 July 2011) was the Mayor of Kandahar in Afghanistan.	Ghulam Haider Hamidi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Joe was badly in need of a replacement and remembered hearing Rose Brennan on radio during a visit to Ireland.	Rose Brennan	Ireland
country of citizenship	Georg Muche was born on 8 May 1895 in Querfurt, in the south of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany and grew up in the Rhön area.	Georg Muche	Germany
country of citizenship	David Droga's career was recently highlighted in 60 Minutes Australia called ``Just Ad Droga'' in June 2015.	David Droga	Australia
country of citizenship	Efrén Vázquez Rodríguez (born 2 September 1986 in Barakaldo, Spain) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer in the Moto2 World Championship riding a Suter.	Efrén Vázquez	Spain
country of citizenship	Khalil Ramos was born January 22, 1996 in Parañaque City, Philippines to parents Lito Ramos and Tessa Nepomuceno, who are entrepreneurs.	Khalil Ramos	Philippines
country of citizenship	Alexander Wendt (born 12 June 1958 in Mainz, West Germany) is a political scientist who is one of the core social constructivist scholars in the field of international relations.	Alexander Wendt	Germany
country of citizenship	Julio César Moreno Yáñez (born 27 September 1969 in Santiago, Chile) is a Football Manager.	Julio César Moreno	Chile
country of citizenship	Abbas Jafri started his career in cricket and had played in Pakistan Under-19 cricket team for some years.	Abbas Jafri	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Fana Ashby (born 15 June 1981) is a retired athlete from Trinidad and Tobago who specialised in the sprinting events.	Fana Ashby	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Born in Hyōgo Prefecture of Japan, Chosei Funahara was educated in both America and Japan.	Chosei Funahara	Japan
country of citizenship	Daniel Alomía Robles was born in Peru in the city of Huánuco on January 3, 1871.	Daniel Alomía Robles	Peru
country of citizenship	Peggy Butts received the Weiler Award in 1995 in recognition of her contributions to community and social development in Canada, and was awarded an honorary degree from St. Francis Xavier University in 1996.	Peggy Butts	Canada
country of citizenship	Dermot O'Hurley (c. 1530 -- 19 or 20 June 1584; Dermod or Dermond O'Hurley, Irish: Diarmaid Ó hUrthuile) was a Roman Catholic Archbishop of Cashel in Ireland during the reign of Elizabeth I who was put to death for treason.	Dermot O'Hurley	Ireland
country of citizenship	He is Igbo and was born in Obiaruku, Nigeria, Uzo is the son of a bookseller and a midwife.	Uzo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Cate Faehrmann (born 17 March 1970) is an Australian politician, environmental activist and the chairperson of Sea Shepherd Australia.	Cate Faehrmann	Australia
country of citizenship	Cristo Barrios (born 30 May 1976 in Tenerife, Spain) is a Spanish clarinetist, soloist and chamber musician.	Cristo Barrios	Spain
country of citizenship	Emile Bongeli Yeikelo Ya Ato (born 19 October 1952) is a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Emile Bongeli	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Mohammad Asad Durrani (Urdu: محمد اسد درانی‎; born 7 February 1941) is a retired 3-star rank general in the Pakistan Army and presently an intelligence commentator.	Asad Durrani	Pakistan
country of citizenship	With his performance of Beethoven's Choral Fantasy Op. 80 at the formal function of the Federal Government on the Day of German Unity on 3 October 2007, Mateusz Molęda commanded attention throughout Germany.	Mateusz Molęda	Germany
country of citizenship	Viktar Sasunouski (born 29 June 1989) is a Greco-Roman wrestler from Belarus.	Viktar Sasunouski	Belarus
country of citizenship	Ryang Kyu-sa (born 3 June 1978) is a retired Zainichi Korean footballer who played for North Korea in 2000 AFC Asian Cup qualification.	Ryang Kyu-sa	North Korea
country of citizenship	Fr. Eduardo Najarro Reyes, S.J. (born March 27, 1947 in Havana, Cuba) was the Rector of San Carlos and San Ambrosio Seminary since March 2007 until November 2008.	Eduardo Najarro Reyes	Cuba
country of citizenship	Jean Tatlian considers himself the first chansonnier of the Soviet Union.	Jean Tatlian	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Jacques Schyrgens (born in Elsene, Belgium 1923) is a Belgian-Canadian painter (watercolors) and illustrator.	Jacques Schyrgens	Belgium
country of citizenship	Shamiram Urshan (1938 -- 25 June 2011) also known asShamiram Ourshan and Occasionally Shamiram Oshana (Syriac: ܫܡܝܪܡ ܐܪܫܢܐ), was an Assyrian singer and entertainer from Iran.	Shamiram Urshan	Iran
country of citizenship	William Guise Brittan (3 December 1809 -- 18 July 1876), mostly known as Guise Brittan and commonly referred to as W. G. Brittan, was the first Commissioner of Crown Lands for Canterbury in New Zealand.	Guise Brittan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Claude Beat Fehr (21 June 1943 -- 18 June 1967) was a racing driver from Switzerland, born in Zurich.	Beat Fehr	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Phares Oluoch Kanindo (born 29 November 1942-died 24 May 2014) is a veteran politician in Kenya.	Phares Oluoch Kanindo	Kenya
country of citizenship	Artur Rimovich Yusupov (Russian: Артур Римович Юсупов; born 1 September 1989 in Kuybyshev, USSR, now Samara, Russia) is a Russian professional footballer of Volga Tatar origin.	Artur Rimovich Yusupov	Russia
country of citizenship	Moses Kiprono arap Keino (September, 1937 -- November 4, 1998) was Speaker of the Parliament of Kenya from 1988 until 1991.	Moses Kiprono arap Keino	Kenya
country of citizenship	The son of Navy Captain Vicente Merino Jarpa, he was acting president of Chile between August 3 and 13, 1946.	Vicente Merino	Chile
country of citizenship	George William Spencer Lyttelton CB FRGS (12 June 1847 -- 5 December 1913) was an English civil servant from the Lyttelton family who acted as private secretary to William Ewart Gladstone during three of his terms as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.	George William Spencer Lyttelton	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Jon Anders Halvorsen (born 1968 in Lunde, Norway) is a Norwegian folk singer and physician.	Jon Anders Halvorsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Baba Tela is a former member of the Senate of the National Assembly of Nigeria.	Baba Tela	Nigeria
country of citizenship	George Lui (born 21 December 1981) in Solomon Islands is a footballer who plays as a Midfielder.	George Lui	Solomon Islands
country of citizenship	Gilles Schnepp, (born in Lyon, France, on 16 October 1958) is a French corporate senior executive.	Gilles Schnepp	France
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Arango was born in Andes, a town of the Antioquian South-Eastern region in 1931, in a time known in Colombia as the Regime of the Liberals that had to face the Great Depression.	Gonzalo Arango	Colombia
country of citizenship	Steinar Tenden (born 5 April 1978) is a Norwegian footballer who played as a striker for several teams in Norway and Iceland.	Steinar Tenden	Norway
country of citizenship	Born in Peshawar, Pakistan on September 1936, Aziz Naik was a patriot to his country.	Aziz Naik	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Dr. B. Mario Pinto is a Canadian chemical biologist, academic and the current President of the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC).	B. Mario Pinto	Canada
country of citizenship	Henning Bjerregaard (6 March 1927 -- 9 October 2014) was a Danish amateur football (soccer) player, who played for AGF Aarhus and B 93 in Denmark.	Henning Bjerregaard	Denmark
country of citizenship	Yam Lal Kandel (Nepali: यामलाल कँडेल) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist).	Yam Lal Kandel	Nepal
country of citizenship	Frankie Stevens (born Francis Donald McKechnie Stevenson), MNZM, is a New Zealand entertainer and singer.	Frankie Stevens	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Basil Athanasiadis (Greek: Βασίλης Αθανασιάδης, born 1970 in Greece) is a Greek composer based in the UK.	Basil Athanasiadis	Greece
country of citizenship	Christian Tissier (born 1951 in Paris, France) is one of the best known European Aikido teachers, who pioneered the art in France.	Christian Tissier	France
country of citizenship	Jorge Valero Briceño (born 8 November 1946) is the current Venezuelan Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Permanent Representative - designate for Venezuela to the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland.	Jorge Valero	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Fuat Necati Öncel (born 1 May 1940 in Şanlıurfa, Turkey) is a Turkish lawyer and politician.	Fuat Necati Öncel	Turkey
country of citizenship	Monique Worth (born May 21, 1944) is a former city councillor from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Monique Worth	Canada
country of citizenship	Shakura S'Aida was born in Brooklyn and lived in Switzerland before moving to Canada.	Shakura S'Aida	Canada
country of citizenship	Carmen Amaya (2 November 1913 -- 19 November 1963) was a flamenco Gypsy dancer (Romani) and singer, of Indian origin, born in the Somorrostro slum of Barcelona, Spain.	Carmen Amaya	Spain
country of citizenship	Cassiopée (born 16 October 1977, Quebec, Canada) is a French Canadian singer and entertainer.	Cassiopée	Canada
country of citizenship	Roshni Kaur Soin is a beauty queen who was named Miss Singapore World in 2007 and went on to represent Singapore in Miss World 2007 in China.	Roshni Kaur Soin	Singapore
country of citizenship	Shahrol Yuzy Ahmad Zaini (born 1976 in Teluk Intan, Perak) is a motorcycle Grand Prix rider from Malaysia.	Shahrol Yuzy	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Matilda Lo Keong (c.1856--18 December 1915) was a New Zealand storekeeper, homemaker and community worker.	Matilda Lo Keong	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kiarash Anvari (Persian: کيارش انوری‎) (born 16 November 1977 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian film maker, video artist and script writer.	Kiarash Anvari	Iran
country of citizenship	Lance Naik Muhammad Mahfuz (born 25 October 1944) was a Pakistani soldier, who was awarded the Nishan-i-Haider, the highest military award of Pakistan, he was martyred during the indo-pak war...	Muhammad Mahfuz	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Engebret Soot (26 May 1786 -- 3 March 1859) is known as the father of the Fredrikshald Canal now known as the Halden Canal in south-eastern Norway.	Engebret Soot	Norway
country of citizenship	Fairuz Abdul Aziz joined Sime Darby FC for the 2010 Malaysia Premier League after this club was founded on 22 January 2010.	Fairuz Abdul Aziz	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Raphaël Aubert (born 1953 in Lausanne, Switzerland) is a Swiss writer and essayist.	Raphaël Aubert	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Kārlis Reinholds Zariņš (born 4 December 1879, Ipiķi parish -- 29 April 1963, London) (international: Charles Zarine) was Envoy and Consul General of Latvia in the United Kingdom.	Kārlis Reinholds Zariņš	Latvia
country of citizenship	Joaquín Irigoytía (born August 15, 1975 in Paraná (Entre Ríos), Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs of the Argentina, Paraguay, Mexico and Spain.	Joaquín Irigoytía	Argentina
country of citizenship	Vladimir Roslik (c. 1943 -- c. 1984) was a doctor and a member of the Communist Party of Uruguay during the Uruguayan military dictatorship of 1974-1984.	Vladimir Roslik	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Roberts Pakalns (7 November 1911 -- 17 May 1986) was a Latvian footballer and football manager, a three-time champion of Latvia.	Roberts Pakalns	Latvia
country of citizenship	Obong Akpan Isemin was elected governor of Akwa Ibom State in Nigeria from January 1992 to November 1993 during the Nigerian Third Republic.	Akpan Isemin	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Antonello Bonci (born in Pesaro, Italy) is a neurologist and a neuropsychopharmacologist.	Antonello Bonci	Italy
country of citizenship	Born in Varese, Italy, Pasquale Macchi was ordained to the Roman Catholic priesthood on 15 June 1946.	Pasquale Macchi	Italy
country of citizenship	Oscar Rivadeneira (born in 1960 in Lima, Peru) is a retired Peruvian boxer.	Oscar Rivadeneira	Peru
country of citizenship	General Carlos Humberto Romero Mena (born February 29, 1924) is a former President of El Salvador, elected on February 20, 1977 in a supposedly fraudulent election and inaugurated on July 1, 1977.	Carlos Humberto Romero	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Auguste de Niederhäusern, better known as Rodo (April 2, 1863 -- May 21, 1913) was a sculptor and medalist active in Switzerland and France.	Rodo	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Ákos Farkas de Dorog (22 August 1894 -- 1955) was a Hungarian jurist and politician, who served as Mayor of Budapest during the Nazi occupation of Hungary.	Ákos Farkas	Hungary
country of citizenship	Brent Metcalf (born July 14, 1986) is an American amateur wrestler currently competing in the international circuit for the United States of America.	Brent Metcalf	United States of America
country of citizenship	Chirikure Chirikure (born 1962 in Gutu, Zimbabwe) is a Zimbabwean poet, songwriter, and writer.	Chirikure Chirikure	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Carole Roussopoulos (25 May 1945 -- 22 October 2009) was a Swiss film director and feminist who was primarily known for her pioneering early documentary films of the Women's liberation movement in France.	Carole Roussopoulos	France
country of citizenship	Hugo Pessanha (born April 1, 1986) is a judoka from Brazil.	Hugo Pessanha	Brazil
country of citizenship	Alin Artimon (born 31 August 1971 in Timişoara, Romania) is a former Romanian football player and current manager.	Alin Artimon	Romania
country of citizenship	Kerrianne Cox is an Aboriginal singer from Beagle Bay in Western Australia.	Kerrianne Cox	Australia
country of citizenship	Sieglinde Hartmann (born 1954 in Wuppertal, Germany) is a German medievalist, expert on the medieval poet Oswald von Wolkenstein and president of the Oswald von Wolkenstein-Gesellschaft.	Sieglinde Hartmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Johann Peter Klassen (1868-1947) was a Russian Mennonite poet and writer who emigrated to Canada in 1923 but wrote primarily in the German language.	Johann Peter Klassen	Canada
country of citizenship	Santiago Amigorena (Spanish pronunciation: (sanˈtjaɣo amiɣoˈɾena); born 15 February 1962 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine screenwriter, film producer, film director and actor.	Santiago Amigorena	Argentina
country of citizenship	Marios Papadopoulos (Greek: Μάριος Παπαδόπουλος; born 10 December 1992 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek footballer who plays for Football League 2 (Greece) club Aris, as an Attacking Midfielder.	Marios Papadopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	The youngest son of Joseph and Carmela Camilleri, Emanuel Galea was born in Senglea, Malta, on March 10, 1891.	Emanuel Galea	Malta
country of citizenship	Aung Myo Thant (Burmese: အောင်မျိုးသန့်;born 1 December 1984) is a footballer from Myanmar.	Aung Myo Thant	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Snehal Pradhan (born 18 March 1986 in Pune) is a cricketer who has played in five women's One Day Internationals for India.	Snehal Pradhan	India
country of citizenship	Anil Dalpat Sonavaria (born September 20, 1963) is the first Hindu ever to play Test cricket for Pakistan.	Anil Dalpat	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Iggy Strange Dahl is a songwriter based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Iggy Strange Dahl	Sweden
country of citizenship	Arash Borhani (Persian: آرش برهانی‎‎, born 14 September 1983 in Kerman, Iran) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran's Premier Football League and is a member of Iran national football team.	Arash Borhani	Iran
country of citizenship	His studio became the Musée Bourdelle, an art museum dedicated to his work, located at 18, rue Antoine Bourdelle, in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Antoine Bourdelle	France
country of citizenship	Nirmal Chandra Chatterjee (1895-1971) was an Indian jurist who served as president of the All-India Hindu Mahasabha.	Nirmal Chandra Chatterjee	India
country of citizenship	Ryusuke Minami (南 竜介, born July 9, 1981 in Nishinomiya) is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder for the Chiba Lotte Marines in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Ryusuke Minami	Japan
country of citizenship	Kaine Manihera (born 25 December 1986 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Northern Pride in the Queensland Cup.	Kaine Manihera	New Zealand
country of citizenship	George Benson Hall (1780 -- January 9, 1821) was a naval officer, businessman and political figure in Upper Canada.	George Benson Hall	Canada
country of citizenship	Muiredach Tirech, son of Fiacha Sraibhtine, was a legendary High King of Ireland of the fourth century.	Muiredach Tirech	Ireland
country of citizenship	Ida Lorentzen has painted several portrait commissions, Queen Sonja of Norway (1994) and the Coronation Ceremony in the Nidaros Cathedral in 1991.	Ida Lorentzen	Norway
country of citizenship	Mario Montoya Uribe (born 29 April 1949) is a former Colombian military General and Commander of the Colombian National Army (Spanish: Ejército Nacional de Colombia) until his resignation on November 4, 2008 following the 'false positives' scandal involving the deaths of 11 civilians at the hands of the military.	Mario Montoya Uribe	Colombia
country of citizenship	Robert-Joseph Auguste (1723 -- ca1805) was a sculptor and royal goldsmith to Louis XV and Louis XVI of France, whose coronation crown he made.	Robert-Joseph Auguste	France
country of citizenship	Frederick George Ewington (27 May 1844--27 June 1922) was a New Zealand soldier, estate agent, philanthropist and pamphleteer .	Frederick George Ewington	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Patricia Noall (born June 2, 1970) is a former competition swimmer who represented Canada in international swimming championships during the 1980s and early 1990s, competing in freestyle events.	Patricia Noall	Canada
country of citizenship	Patrick Keogh, also known as Pat Keogh or Paddy Keogh, (c. 1867 -- 12 March 1940) was a New Zealand rugby footballer who toured with the 1888--89 New Zealand Native football team.	Patrick Keogh	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dominic Jeeva (Tamil: டொமினிக் ஜீவா; June 27, 1927) is a prominent minority Sri Lankan Tamil author and literary figure from Sri Lanka.	Dominic Jeeva	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Jan Kopecký (born January 28, 1982 in Opočno) is a professional rally driver from Czech Republic who currently competes in the European Rally Championship (ERC) with Škoda Motorsport.	Jan Kopecký	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Solveig Slettahjell (born 2 April 1971 in Bærum, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz singer, known for her soulful, seductive voice.	Solveig Slettahjell	Norway
country of citizenship	Maria-Elena Papasotiriou (born 27 January 1990) is an American figure skater who represented Greece.	Maria-Elena Papasotiriou	Greece
country of citizenship	B. Shankaranand was a congress politician from Karnataka and minister in government of India.	B. Shankaranand	India
country of citizenship	Peig Sayers (/ˌpɛɡ ˈsɛərz/; 1873--1958) was an Irish author and seanachaí born in Dunquin (Dún Chaoin), County Kerry, Ireland.	Peig Sayers	Ireland
country of citizenship	Thomas Bouquillon (16 May 1840 in Warneton, Belgium -- 5 November 1902 in Brussels, Belgium) was a Belgian Catholic theologian.	Thomas Bouquillon	Belgium
country of citizenship	James Blight (born January 19, 1976) is a Canadian voice actor based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	James Blight	Canada
country of citizenship	Francisco Javier Lampillas or Xavier Llampillas, born as Francisco Javier Cerdá (Mataró, Spain 1731 - Sesti, Italia, 1810) was a Jesuit scholar and author.	Francisco Javier Lampillas	Spain
country of citizenship	Genshin (源信; 942 -- July 6, 1017), also known as Eshin Sozu, was the most influential of a number of Tendai scholars active during the tenth and eleventh centuries in Japan.	Genshin	Japan
country of citizenship	Abdullah Ensour ( pronunciation AHB-duh-lah ehn-SOOR, Arabic: عبد الله النسور‎ ʿAbd Allāh an-Nasūr; born 20 January 1939) is a Jordanian economist who has been Prime Minister of Jordan since October 2012.	Abdullah Ensour	Jordan
country of citizenship	André Papineau (March 5, 1765 -- June 22, 1832) was a cooper and political figure in Lower Canada.	André Papineau	Canada
country of citizenship	Evan Crawford is a New Zealand former rugby union player and a current coach.	Evan Crawford	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Denise Martin is a former Australian cricket player, born 4 March 1959 in Mount Lawley, Western Australia.	Denise Martin	Australia
country of citizenship	Norberto Ramírez Áreas (late 18th century, León, Nicaragua -- 11 July 1856, León, Nicaragua) was a Nicaraguan lawyer and politician.	Norberto Ramírez	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Kelli Shean Rackley (born 10 September 1987) is a golfer from South Africa.	Kelli Shean	South Africa
country of citizenship	John Lewthwaite (1816--1892) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in the Taranaki Region of New Zealand.	John Lewthwaite	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Seyni Kountché (1 July 1931 -- 10 November 1987) was a Nigerien military officer who led a 1974 coup d'état that deposed the government of Niger's first president, Hamani Diori.	Seyni Kountché	Niger
country of citizenship	Carlos Ardila Lülle was born in the city of Bucaramanga, Colombia on July 4, 1930.	Carlos Ardila Lülle	Colombia
country of citizenship	Josef Alexej Eisenberger was a World War II brigadier general from Czechoslovakia.	Josef Alexej Eisenberger	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	The Bogolyubovs relocated to the village of Velikaya Krucha in the Poltava Governorate (now in Poltava Oblast, Ukraine) in 1919, where the young Nikolay Bogolyubov began to study physics and mathematics.	Nikolay Bogolyubov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Ishant Sharma ( pronunciation ; born 2 September 1988) is an Indian cricketer who has represented India in Tests, ODIs and T20Is.	Ishant Sharma	India
country of citizenship	Dario Floreano (San Daniele del Friuli, Italy, 1964) is director of the Laboratory of Intelligent Systems (LIS) at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland.	Dario Floreano	Italy
country of citizenship	Kambiz Norouzi (کامبیز نوروزی in Persian) is a lawyer, university professor, legal advisor of the Association of Iranian Journalists, in which role he spoke out against the closure of newspapers in 2002, and lecturer at Center of Media Education in Iran.	Kambiz Norouzi	Iran
country of citizenship	Pe Maung Tin (Burmese: ဖေမောင်တင် (pʰè màʊɴ tɪ̀ɴ); 24 April 1888 -- 22 March 1973) was a scholar of Pali and Buddhism and educator in Myanmar, formerly Burma.	Pe Maung Tin	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Laila Boonyasak (Thai: ไลลา บุญยศักดิ์, rtgs: Laila Bunyasak), or formerly Chermarn Boonyasak (Thai: เฌอมาลย์ บุญยศักดิ์, rtgs: Choeman Bunyasak), born September 15, 1982 in Bangkok, Thailand, is a Thai film and television actress and model.	Laila Boonyasak	Thailand
country of citizenship	Saifullah Bangash (born 21 March 1995) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer.He Plays For Karachi University,Sui Southern Gas Corporation and Pakistan's U-19.He Plays for Karachi Kings in 2016 Pakistan Super League.	Saifullah Bangash	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Denise Norton was the first South Australian to represent Australia at an Olympic or Commonwealth Games.	Denise Norton	Australia
country of citizenship	Raymond Frank McMullen (18 January 1933 -- 21 May 2004) was a New Zealand rugby union player and referee.	Frank McMullen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hildebrando Fuentes (1860-1917) was a Peruvian politician and lawyer and was one of the prominent figures in the social and intellectual life of Lima, Peru.	Hildebrando Fuentes	Peru
country of citizenship	General Tiéfing Konaté is the Minister of Internal Security and Civilian Protection of Mali since 24 April 2012.	Tiéfing Konaté	Mali
country of citizenship	Afia Charles (born July 22, 1992) is a sprinter from Antigua and Barbuda who specializes in the 400 metres.	Afia Charles	Antigua and Barbuda
country of citizenship	George Hussey Packe (1 May 1796 -- 2 July 1874) was a United Kingdom Member of Parliament, an army officer present at the Battle of Waterloo, and was instrumental in establishing the Great Northern Railway.	George Hussey Packe	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	William Glynne Charles Gladstone (14 July 1885 -- 13 April 1915) was a Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom, and the last of four generations of Gladstones to serve in the House of Commons, the first being his great-grandfather Sir John Gladstone(s) (1764--1851).	William Glynne Charles Gladstone	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Marlon Manalo (b. November 27, 1975 in Mandaluyong City, Philippines) is a Filipino professional pool player from Mandaluyong City, Philippines.	Marlon Manalo	Philippines
country of citizenship	William Parker Morrell, CBE (20 November 1899--27 April 1986) was a notable New Zealand historian and university professor.	William Parker Morrell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	V. Ramaswami was the Justice of the Supreme Court of India and the first judge against whom impeachment proceedings were initiated in independent India.	V. Ramaswami	India
country of citizenship	Chaiya Mitchai (Thai: เอ, ไชยา มิตรชัย) (born April 5, 1974) is a singer and likay and drama actor from Thailand.	Chaiya Mitchai	Thailand
country of citizenship	Luli Bitri was born in Lushnje, Albania and grew up in Tirana.	Luli Bitri	Albania
country of citizenship	Jenia Lubich is a singer-songwriter, from Saint Petersburg, Russia, who performs and writes in English, Russian, French and Spanish.	Jenia Lubich	Russia
country of citizenship	Grace Alexandra Rood (1893--1981) was a notable New Zealand school dental nurse.	Grace Alexandra Rood	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Wijesinghe Jayaweera Mudiyanselage Udith Sanjaya Lokubandara (born 19 December 1984) (known as Udith Lokubandara) MP is a Member of Parliament of Sri Lanka, representing the Badulla District.	Udith Lokubandara	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Jerzy Łojek (3 September 1932 -- 7 October 1986) was a Polish historian and opposition activist in People's Republic of Poland.	Jerzy Łojek	Poland
country of citizenship	Francisco Morales Bermúdez Cerruti (born October 4, 1921) is a Peruvian general who came to power in Peru in 1975 after deposing his predecessor, General Juan Velasco.	Francisco Morales Bermúdez	Peru
country of citizenship	Javad Arianmanesh(Persian: جواد آرین‌منش‎) (born September 21, 1953 in Mashhad, Iran) is a retired Iranian football player.	Javad Arianmanesh	Iran
country of citizenship	Amoghavarsha I (also known as Amoghavarsha Nrupathunga I ) (800--878 CE) was a Rashtrakuta emperor, the greatest ruler of the Rashtrakuta dynasty, and one of the great emperors of India.	Amoghavarsha	India
country of citizenship	Jane Urquhart, Order of Canada OC (born June 21, 1949) is a Canadian novelist and poet born in Little Long Lac, Ontario.	Jane Urquhart	Canada
country of citizenship	Marie Möör is a French singer and Songwriter born in France, Seine-et-Marne.	Marie Möör	France
country of citizenship	Huang Nan-hua (黃南華) also known as Huang Siu-ming (黃小明) was a citizen from the People's Republic of China, who planned to assassinate Hong Kong pro-democracy figure Martin Lee and media mogul Jimmy Lai in 2008.	Huang Nan-hua	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Pavlos Prosalentis (Greek: Παύλος Προσαλέντης; 28 January 1784, Corfu - 1 February 1837, Corfu) was the first professional sculptor in modern Greece.	Pavlos Prosalentis	Greece
country of citizenship	Vice admiral Matthieu Borsboom (born 1959) is a Royal Netherlands Navy officer who is a former Commander of the Royal Netherlands Navy and Admiral Benelux, and has served with the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan.	Matthieu Borsboom	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ali Salem Tamek (Arabic: علي سالم التامك‎; born December 24, 1973, in Assa, Morocco) is a Sahrawi independence activist, human rights defender and trade unionist.	Ali Salem Tamek	Morocco
country of citizenship	Brandon Simpson (born 6 September 1981 in Florida, U.S.) is a sprinter who represents Bahrain, having previously represented Jamaica.	Brandon Simpson	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Maggi Sietsma AM (born 1951) is the founding artistic director of the multiple-award winning Brisbane contemporary dance company, Expressions Dance Company, and regarded as one of Australia's leading choreographers.	Maggi Sietsma	Australia
country of citizenship	Mohammed Mouhouti (born February 8, 1972 in Morocco) is a retired footballer.	Mohammed Mouhouti	Morocco
country of citizenship	Sobhuza I ( also known as Ngwane IV, Somhlolo ) (ca. 1780--1836) was king of Swaziland, from 1815 to 1836.	Sobhuza I	Swaziland
country of citizenship	Lev Biryuk is a Ukrainian politician, People's Deputy of Ukraine of the 4th, 5th and 6th convocations of Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine.	Lev Biryuk	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Mabel Whitaker (1884--1976) was a notable New Zealand teacher and local historian.	Mabel Whitaker	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Róbinson Zapata Montaño (born 30 September 1978, Florida, Colombia), is a Colombian football player who plays for Independiente Santa Fe.	Róbinson Zapata	Colombia
country of citizenship	After the Captaincy General of Guatemala, which included Honduras, became independent from Spain (on September 15, 1821) Francisco Morazán began to take an active part in politics and public administration.	Francisco Morazán	Spain
country of citizenship	M. C. Veerabahu Pillai (19 May 1903 -- 15 April 1976) was an Indian lawyer, businessman, and politician from Tamil Nadu, who served in the first Lok Sabha of independent India; he was also an independence activist.	M. C. Veerabahu Pillai	India
country of citizenship	Simon Wulfse (born January 12, 1952 in Dordrecht) is a strongman from the Netherlands.	Simon Wulfse	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ramaz Paliani (Georgian: რამაზ ფალიანი, born August 21, 1973 in Mestia, Georgia) is a Georgian boxer who has won World and European Championships in the men's featherweight division.	Ramaz Paliani	Georgia
country of citizenship	Reda Seireg (born December 20, 1949 in El Gharbia, Egypt) is a retired Egyptian Major General, a Technical Consultant for the Ministry of Irrigation, Reviewer in the ACM/IEEE transaction and a Computer Science Professor at King Khalid University.	Reda Seireg	Egypt
country of citizenship	Brian Hannant (born 13 February 1940) is an Australian filmmaker who worked for many years at Film Australia.	Brian Hannant	Australia
country of citizenship	Elsa Pataky was born in Madrid, Spain, the daughter of José Francisco Lafuente, a Spanish biochemist, and Cristina Pataky Medianu, a publicist of Romanian and Hungarian ancestry.	Elsa Pataky	Spain
country of citizenship	Bas Leinders (born 16 July 1975) is a professional racing driver from Belgium.	Bas Leinders	Belgium
country of citizenship	Hermann Joseph von Krippahl, known as Herman José (born 19 March 1954 in Lisbon, Portugal), is a well-known Portuguese comedian, though virtually unknown abroad.	Herman José	Portugal
country of citizenship	Peadar O'Donnell (Irish: Peadar Ó Domhnaill; 22 February 1893 -- 13 May 1986) was one of the foremost radicals of twentieth century Ireland.	Peadar O'Donnell	Ireland
country of citizenship	Nouria Benghabrit-Remaoun (born 5 March 1952) is an Algerian sociologist and researcher woman who serves in the government of Algeria as Minister of National Education.	Nouria Benghabrit-Remaoun	Algeria
country of citizenship	Dragi Šestić (born 14 May 1966 in Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a music producer, sound engineer, director of music video clips and record label owner.	Dragi Šestić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	José Júlio da Costa (born 14 October 1893 in Garvão - died 16 March 1946 in Lisbon) was a Portuguese a left-wing political activist who assassinated President Sidónio Pais of Portugal on 14 December 1918.	José Júlio da Costa	Portugal
country of citizenship	Christian Giordano (born on October 27, 1945) is a Swiss anthropologist and sociologist born in Lugano, Switzerland.	Christian Giordano	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Dr. Gerungan Saul Samuel Jozias Ratulangi or Ratu Langie (November 5, 1890 -- June 30, 1949), usually known as Sam Ratulangi, was a Minahasa politician, journalist and teacher from North Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Sam Ratulangi	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Tigist Shibabaw (1980--January 2008), born in Chagni, Ethiopia, was an Ethiopian singer and one of the original members of the Harlem-based hip hop fusion band Bole2Harlem.	Tigist Shibabaw	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Deborah Mollison is a British composer and songwriter born on 29 May 1958, who works in both the United Kingdom and the United States.	Deborah Mollison	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Louis Roelandt or Lodewijk Joseph Adriaan Roelandt with his full Dutch name, was a Belgian architect that played an important role in the evolution of Neo-Renaissance and Neo-Classical architecture in Belgium.	Louis Roelandt	Belgium
country of citizenship	Venkat Vejju is a Racquetball player from Andhra Pradesh, India.	Venkat Vejju	India
country of citizenship	Charles Elliott Perry (1871--1937) was a New Zealand Anglican clergyman.	Charles Elliott Perry	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Zeynel Mungan, born in Diyarbakir, Turkey in 1952, received his medical degree at the Medical Faculty of Istanbul University in 1977.	Zeynel Mungan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Juan Valverde de Amusco (or ``de Hamusco'') (c. 1525-?) was born in the Kingdom of León in what is now Spain in about the year 1525 and studied medicine in Padua and Rome under Realdo Columbo and Bartolomeo Eustachi.	Juan Valverde de Amusco	Spain
country of citizenship	Paintings by German Tatarinov are in Art museums and private collections in Russia, France, USA, Finland, Germane, England, Japan, and throughout the world.	German Tatarinov	Russia
country of citizenship	Jacob Lalrawngbawla (born 8 June 1995) is an Indian football player playing for Shillong Lajong in the I-League in India as a Midfielder.	Jacob Lalrawngbawla	India
country of citizenship	Rakesh Maria (born 19 January 1957) is the current DG, Home Guard and former Commissioner of Police, Mumbai, India.	Rakesh Maria	India
country of citizenship	Brian Lee Irvine (born 9 March 1944 in Durban, South Africa) was a cricketer who played four Tests for South Africa in 1969--70 in the last Test series played by South Africa before official sporting links were broken over the apartheid policy.	Lee Irvine	South Africa
country of citizenship	Justin Westhoff was born in Eudunda, South Australia where he lived until the age of three.	Justin Westhoff	Australia
country of citizenship	Jesus Héctor Luis Palma Salazar was born in Noria de Abajo, Mocorito, Sinaloa, Mexico in the mid 1940s.	Héctor Luis Palma Salazar	Mexico
country of citizenship	Pierre Tarisel (c. 1442 -- August 1510) was the Master-mason to the King of France, known for working on Amiens Cathedral.	Pierre Tarisel	France
country of citizenship	Pearnel Charles is a Jamaican politician with the Jamaica Labour Party.	Pearnel Charles	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Wazi Abdul Hamid (born 1971) is a veteran motorcycle cub prix rider from Malaysia, winning the 1996 125 cc.	Wazi Abdul Hamid	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Walter Santesso (27 February 1931 in Padua, Italy -- 20 January 2008) was an Italian film actor and director.	Walter Santesso	Italy
country of citizenship	Monique Mbeka Phoba (born 1962) is a filmmaker whose family comes from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) but who now lives in Benin.	Monique Mbeka Phoba	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Charles Anthony Schott was born at Mannheim, Baden, Germany.	Charles Anthony Schott	Germany
country of citizenship	Jan Goessens (born October 20, 1962 in Ghent) is a retired road racing cyclist from Belgium, who was a professional rider from 1986 to 1993, for mainly smaller teams.	Jan Goessens	Belgium
country of citizenship	Véronique De Kock (born 3 April 1977 (age 38) in Antwerp, Belgium) was Miss Belgium 1995.	Véronique De Kock	Belgium
country of citizenship	Sidney Wilfred Scott (1900--1970) was a notable New Zealand communist, journalist and editor.	Sidney Wilfred Scott	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Miloš Ninković (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Нинковић; born 25 December 1984) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for A-League club Sydney FC and the Serbia national team.	Miloš Ninković	Serbia
country of citizenship	Floris Braat started his canoe racing career at the age of 10 in Eindhoven, the Netherlands.	Floris Braat	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Maksim Surayev is a recipient of the Gold Star Medal of Hero of Russia.	Maksim Surayev	Russia
country of citizenship	Luboš Kubík (born 20 January 1964 in Vysoké Mýto) is a Czech former professional footballer and former manager of Torquay United, who played sweeper for the Czechoslovakia and Czech Republic national teams, winning 56 caps in total, and a number of notable clubs.	Luboš Kubík	Czechoslovakia	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Edmilson Marques Pardal (simply known as Edmilson) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Bonsucesso FC in Brazil as a Forward.	Edmilson Marques Pardal	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sirio Maccioni (born 1932 in Montecatini Terme, Italy) is a restaurateur and author.	Sirio Maccioni	Italy
country of citizenship	Javier Mercedes González (born 24 September 1979 in Asuncion) is an Paraguayan footballer currently playing in Paraguay for Club Nacional.	Javier Mercedes González	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Marina Kroschina was a Ukrainian Tennis player who played for the Soviet Union and won 1971 Wimbledon girls' singles championships.	Marina Kroschina	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Ek Nath Dhakal ( एकनाथ ढकाल ) (born 13 August 1974) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Nepal Pariwar Dal, and a leader of the Family Federation for World Peace and Unification.	Ek Nath Dhakal	Nepal
country of citizenship	Suzette Defoye née Marie-Suzanne-Joséphe Artus Truyart (Lille, 17 July 1741 -- Floruit 1787), was a French ballet dancer, stage actor, opera singer and theatre director, active in France, Belgium and Russia.	Suzette Defoye	France
country of citizenship	Harald Viggo Hansteen (13 September 1900 -- 10 September 1941) was a Norwegian lawyer who was executed by the Germans during their five-year occupation of Norway.	Viggo Hansteen	Norway
country of citizenship	Taniela Tuiaki (born 2 May 1982 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a retired New Zealand professional rugby league player who played for the Wests Tigers in the Australian National Rugby League (NRL) competition.	Taniela Tuiaki	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Barthélemy Vimont (January 1, 1594 -- July 13, 1667) was a French Jesuit missionary in New France, North America.	Barthélemy Vimont	France
country of citizenship	Hon Robyn McDonald is a former New Zealand politician.	Robyn McDonald	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Edmond Mondesir was born in Fort-de-France (Martinique) in 1948.	Edmond Mondesir	France
country of citizenship	Htet Htet Htun (born 23 February 1992) is a Burmese actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Myanmar 2016 and will represent Myanmar at the Miss Universe 2016 Pageant.	Htet Htet Htun	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Michael Adonai (b. 5 December 1962, in Asmara) is a visual artist from Eritrea.	Michael Adonai	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Ciarán Power (born 8 May 1976 in Waterford, Ireland) is a former professional racing cyclist.	Ciarán Power	Ireland
country of citizenship	Mieczysław Cieślar (March 28, 1950 -- April 18, 2010) was a Lutheran theologian and bishop of the diocese of the Evangelical Augsburg Church in Poland in Warsaw.	Mieczysław Cieślar	Poland
country of citizenship	Roberto Cesar Perez Ruibal better known by his pen name Roberto Barry (1920--1980) was a comedian, singer, journalist, actor, writer and radio and television comedy writer from Uruguay.	Roberto Barry	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Evelyn Morris, also known as Pikelet, is a musician from the outer suburbs of Melbourne, Australia.	Evelyn Morris	Australia
country of citizenship	Péter Kacsuk is a Hungarian computer scientist at MTA-SZTAKI, Budapest, Hungary.	Péter Kacsuk	Hungary
country of citizenship	Elin Suleymanov Emin oglu (Azerbaijani: Elin Süleymanov Emin oğlu) is the Ambassador of Republic of Azerbaijan to the United States and former Consul General of Azerbaijan Republic in Los Angeles.	Elin Suleymanov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Niels Kaas (1535 -- 29 June 1594) was a Danish politician who served as Chancellor of Denmark from 1573 until his death.	Niels Kaas	Denmark
country of citizenship	Ken Roczen (born 29 April 1994 in Mattstedt, Germany) is a German professional motocross and supercross racer.	Ken Roczen	Germany
country of citizenship	Reza Ghotbi (Persian: رضا قطبی‎) was born in 1940 in Tehran, Iran.	Reza Ghotbi	Iran
country of citizenship	Nirmalananda, born as Tulasi Charan Dutta in Calcutta, was a direct disciple of Ramakrishna, the 19th century mystic and Hindu saint from India, and took Sanyasa (monastic vows) from Vivekananda along with Brahmananda and others.	Nirmalananda	India
country of citizenship	Cathrine Hasse (born 1956 in Denmark) is a professor of cultural anthropology and learning at the University of Aarhus, Denmark.	Cathrine Hasse	Denmark
country of citizenship	Horacio Pancheri (born on December 2, 1982, Esquel, Argentina), is an Argentine actor and model.	Horacio Pancheri	Argentina
country of citizenship	Omar Sachedina (born August 21, 1982) is a Canadian television journalist, currently a news anchor and correspondent for the CTV Television Network, a Canadian English language television network owned by Bell Media, and Canada's largest privately owned network.	Omar Sachedina	Canada
country of citizenship	Francis Reneau (or Frankie Reneau) is a pianist and composer from Belize.	Francis Reneau	Belize
country of citizenship	Andy Roda is the youngest child of two Filipino immigrants to Denmark.	Andy Roda	Denmark
country of citizenship	Radosław Chruściński (born December 14, 1991 in Katowice, Poland) is a Polish pair skater.	Radosław Chruściński	Poland
country of citizenship	Bruno Zanin (born 9 April 1951, in Vigonovo, Northern Italy) is an Italian film, theatre and TV actor and writer.	Bruno Zanin	Italy
country of citizenship	Dearbhla Walsh is an Irish film and television director who has worked on drama series for several television channels in Ireland and the United Kingdom, including episodes of EastEnders, Shameless and The Tudors.	Dearbhla Walsh	Ireland
country of citizenship	Saint Donatus of Evorea (Albanian: Shën Donati, Greek: Άγιος Δονάτος) was a Christian saint revered in Albania and Greece.	Donatus of Evorea	Greece
country of citizenship	After Mao Zedong's communists won the Chinese Civil War and established the People's Republic of China in 1949, Shangguan Yunzhu continued her acting career under the new government.	Shangguan Yunzhu	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Claire Roche is a singer harpist based in Co. Dublin, Ireland.	Claire Roche	Ireland
country of citizenship	Norman Yakeleya (born March 13, 1959) is a territorial level politician from Northwest Territories, Canada.	Norman Yakeleya	Canada
country of citizenship	Robert Anthony Robinson (1904-1979) was a New Zealand inorganic chemist, best known for his book Electrolyte solutions book, which has been a standard for decades.	Robert Anthony Robinson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Carl Djerassi was born in Vienna, Austria, but spent the first years of his infancy in Sofia, Bulgaria, the home of his father, Samuel Djerassi, a dermatologist and specialist in sexually transmitted diseases.	Carl Djerassi	Austria
country of citizenship	For The President of the United States of America, in the name of Congress, takes pleasure in presenting the Medal of Honor to Private Oscar Brookin, United States Army, for extraordinary heroism on 1 July 1898, while serving with Company C, 17th U.S. Infantry, in action at El Caney, Cuba.	Oscar Brookin	United States of America
country of citizenship	Matthijs van Nieuwkerk was born in Amsterdam, the capital of the Netherlands.	Matthijs van Nieuwkerk	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Li Shizeng (Chinese: 李石曾; Wade--Giles: Li Shih-tseng; 29 May 1881 -- 30 September 1973) was an educator, promoter of anarchist doctrines, political activist, and member of the Chinese Nationalist Party in early Republican China.	Li Shizeng	China
country of citizenship	Dumaagiin Sodnom (Mongolian: Думаагийн Содном; born 14 July 1933) is a Mongolian political figure who served as Mongolia's 14th Prime Minister from 1984 to 1990.	Dumaagiin Sodnom	Mongolia
country of citizenship	Paul Geraghty (born 3 May 1959, in Durban, South Africa) is a British based author and illustrator of children's picture books.	Paul Geraghty	South Africa
country of citizenship	Veerle Casteleyn (born 6 March 1978 in Belgium) is a Belgian musical theatre performer and ballerina.	Veerle Casteleyn	Belgium
country of citizenship	John Willie Kofi Harlley (19 May 1919 -- c. 1980s) was a former foreign minister of Ghana.	John Willie Kofi Harlley	Ghana
country of citizenship	Hoste da Reggio (also L'Hoste, L'Osto, Oste, and Bartolomeo Torresano) (c. 1520--1569) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance, active in Milan and elsewhere in northern Italy.	Hoste da Reggio	Italy
country of citizenship	Arto Haapala (born 1959) is a Finnish philosopher, aesthetician and Professor of Aesthetics at the Department of Philosophy, History, Culture and Art Studies at Helsinki University, Finland.	Arto Haapala	Finland
country of citizenship	Sami Abdul Aziz Salim Allaithy Alkinani (born October 28, 1956) is a citizen of Egypt who was held in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.	Sami Abdul Aziz Salim Allaithy	Egypt
country of citizenship	Bassil Da Costa (7 May 1990 -- 12 February 2014) was a Venezuelan university student, killed during the 2014 protests against the Government of Venezuela.	Bassil Da Costa	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Vittoria Belvedere (born January 17, 1972) is an Italian actress from Vibo Valentia in Calabria, southern Italy.	Vittoria Belvedere	Italy
country of citizenship	Emmet Charles McHardy (27 June 1904--17 May 1933) was a New Zealand catholic missionary.	Emmet Charles McHardy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Laurent Chappis (8 May 1915 -- 28 December 2013) was an architect and town planner, born in Aix-les-Bains, France.	Laurent Chappis	France
country of citizenship	Romain Virgo (born 24 January 1990) is a singer from Jamaica, specializing in the lovers rock style of reggae music.	Romain Virgo	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Ravi Belagere is a writer and journalist based in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India.	Ravi Belagere	India
country of citizenship	As Lady Apache, González has mainly worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), Mexico's two largest professional wrestling promotions during her career, switching back and forth several times.	Lady Apache	Mexico
country of citizenship	Making his debut for Portugal on 24 September 1980 in a 1--3 friendly loss in Italy, Eduardo Luís went on to win eight caps in nearly seven years.	Eduardo Luís	Portugal
country of origin	Slow Boat Home (Chinese: 情越海岸線; literally ``love exceeds the coastline'') is a 2013 Hong Kong romantic comedy television drama produced by Leung Choi-yuen and TVB.	Slow Boat Home	Hong Kong
country of origin	First launched in Australia in October 2005, the Sipahh straw is now available in 44 countries across 5 continents.	Sipahh	Australia
country of origin	Shankarpali or Shakkarpara or Shankarpaada is an Indian snack popular in Western India, especially in Gujarat and Maharashtra.	Shankarpali	India
country of origin	Baby Blood was directed by Alain Robak who found that the interest in films of the fantastique genre had increased in France, and desired to make a film in this style as he was a fan of b-movies.	Baby Blood	France
country of origin	The Iron-Fisted Monk (Chinese: 三德和尚与舂米六) is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Sammo Hung in his directorial debut, who also starred in the lead role.	The Iron-Fisted Monk	Hong Kong
country of origin	Absinthe originated in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland in the late 18th century.	Absinthe	Switzerland
country of origin	Le Pèlerin de Camp Nou (English: ``Captain Majid'') is a 2009 feature film produced in the north-central African country of Chad.	Le Pèlerin de Camp Nou	Chad
country of origin	Far Breton (also Breton far) is a traditional cake or dessert from the Brittany region in France.	Far Breton	France
country of origin	Taking the expedition of a group of Frenchmen following in the tracks of their fellow countrymen as a starting point, Bougafer 33 is a journey through time and space that tells of the battle that took place in 1933 at the foot of the Bougafer Mountain during the war Morocco fought against the French-Spanish colonial conquest.	Bougafer 33	Morocco
country of origin	16 bästa (English: ``16 Best'') is a budget compilation released shortly after Nielsen's 2014 Melodifestivalen win with ``Undo'', which went on to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2014.	16 bästa	Sweden
country of origin	The Japanese giant-robot manga and anime Mazinger Z was popular in South Korea at the time of Robot Taekwon V's creation, and Kim Cheong-gi freely discusses the influence of Mazinger Z on his cartoon, saying he wanted to create a Korean hero for Korean children.	Robot Taekwon V	South Korea
country of origin	The Nederlands Dagblad (``The Netherlands Daily'') is a Dutch newspaper, available throughout the country, with a daily circulation of about 33,000 issues in 2006.	Nederlands Dagblad	Netherlands
country of origin	Mindhunters was filmed entirely in the Netherlands.	Mindhunters	Netherlands
country of origin	``Judy, min vän'' was composed by Englishman Roger Wallis, living in Sweden since the early 60s, originally with English lyrics and entitled ``Dear Mrs. Jones''.	Judy, min vän	Sweden
country of origin	The CARSO Center for the Study of Mexican History (in Spanish: Centro de Estudios de Historia de México Carso, CEHM-Carso) is a Mexican cultural institution devoted to the research, preservation and dissemination of Mexico's historical prints and documents from the 18th century to the 20th century.	Center for the Study of Mexican History	Mexico
country of origin	Caldo tlalpeño, is a traditional dish from Mexico which contains chicken meat, and chickpeas, carrots, and green beans, submerged in a chicken broth with garlic and onion, seasoned with epazote and chipotle chili.	Caldo tlalpeño	Mexico
country of origin	Bharat Ki Beti (India's Daughter) is a 1935 Hindi social film directed by Premankur Atorthy.	Bharat Ki Beti	India
country of origin	The M79 Osa was designed and manufactured by Sloboda Čačak in the former Yugoslavia.	M79 Osa	Yugoslavia
country of origin	Pizza-ghetti is a combination meal commonly found in fast food or family restaurants throughout the province of Quebec and other parts of Canada.	Pizza-ghetti	Canada
country of origin	Ski Sunday is the BBC Sports weekly magazine-style television show covering winter sports, broadcast in the United Kingdom on Sundays in a late afternoon or an early evening time-slot.	Ski Sunday	United Kingdom
country of origin	At the Sign of the Reine Pédauque (French: La Rôtisserie de la reine Pédauque) is a historical novel by Anatole France, written in 1892 and published the next year.	At the Sign of the Reine Pédauque	France
country of origin	Akademiska Damkören Lyran (Swedish pronunciation: (akaˈdeːmiska ˈdaːmkœːren ˈlyːran)), often referred to as simply Lyran, is a Finland-Swedish academic female-voice choir in Helsinki, Finland.	Akademiska Damkören Lyran	Finland
country of origin	Ghar Ek Mandir is an India television show.	Ghar Ek Mandir	India
country of origin	Demonstrations in Physics was an educational science series produced in Australia by ABC Television in 1969.	Demonstrations in Physics	Australia
country of origin	Ashes, Ashes (French: Ravage) is a science fiction novel written by René Barjavel, set in 2052 France.	Ashes, Ashes	France
country of origin	Some historians believe that the presumed available prints of India's first feature film Raja Harishchandra (1913) are actually of Satyavadi Raja Harishchandra.	Satyavadi Raja Harishchandra	India
country of origin	Daily Tips for Modern Living is a six-episode comedy television series which aired across Canada in 1998 on CBC Television.	Daily Tips for Modern Living	Canada
country of origin	Girl vs. Boy is a New Zealand teen situation comedy filmed in Seatoun, Wellington and produced by KHF Media, NZ on Air and TVNZ.	Girl vs. Boy	New Zealand
country of origin	Life at the End of the Rainbow is a 2002 documentary by Australian filmmaker Wayne Coles-Janess about the small farming community of Rainbow, population 500, which lies on the edge of the Big Desert, North Western Victoria, Australia.	Life at the End of the Rainbow	Australia
country of origin	Yegna (pronounced Yen-ya, meaning ``Ours'' in Amharic) is an all-girl Ethiopian acting and pop group with the stated aim of reaching out to empower the young women of Ethiopia.	Yegna	Ethiopia
country of origin	Hum Badal Gaye is the first animation film from Assam and Northeast India officially certified and censored by Central Board of Film Certification, India.	Hum Badal Gaye	India
country of origin	Iran 160 Sea Killer/Marte Mk2 Vulcano, delivered between 1971-1972 for Saam frigates Italy Sea Killer Mk 1 Nettuno (evaluation) .	Sea Killer	Italy
country of origin	Bagara khana is a spiced rice delicacy prepared in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Bagara khana	India
country of origin	The Times of India gave movie 3/5 stars, stating ``Like all films that talk of reforming society, Anil Sharma's Singh Saab the Great has its heart in the correct place.	Singh Saab the Great	India
country of origin	Ang TV (English: The TV) is a youth-oriented variety show in the Philippines.	Ang TV	Philippines
country of origin	Studio 2 LIVE was a New Zealand children's television show.	Studio 2 LIVE	New Zealand
country of origin	Buttermilk koldskål (Danish: Kærnemælkskoldskål, often just koldskål - literally cold bowl) is a sweet cold beverage or dessert eaten in Denmark.	Buttermilk koldskål	Denmark
country of origin	First published by Macmillan of Canada in 1981, The Rebel Angels is the first of the three connected novels of Davies' Cornish Trilogy.	The Rebel Angels	Canada
country of origin	Filming of Al Halfout occurred mainly in Egypt.	Al Halfout	Egypt
country of origin	At the outbreak of World War II, shortly after his parents' death in a house fire, he migrates to Australia as a refugee, settling in Spotswood, Victoria, and changing his name to Harvie Krumpet.	Harvie Krumpet	Australia
country of origin	De Stem des Bloeds (The Voice of Blood), also known as Njai Siti, is a 1930 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia).	De Stem des Bloeds	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	STV Sports Centre was a Scottish regional sports stand, covering the two STV franchise areas of Northern and Central Scotland.	STV Sports Centre	Scotland
country of origin	Le Sang noir was made into a TV film in 2006, directed by Peter Kassovitz and produced by BFC productions (Françoise Castro) and France 3.	Le Sang noir	France
country of origin	Teka Mona! is a sketch comedy television show in the Philippines that airs every Saturday evenings on ABC.	Teka Mona	Philippines
country of origin	Fat Tony & Co. has been marketed as a sequel to the first series of Underbelly, however due to changes in funding with Screen Australia it was not branded as an Underbelly series.	Fat Tony & Co.	Australia
country of origin	Mantralaya Mahatme (Kannada: ಮಂತ್ರಾಲಯ ಮಹಾತ್ಮೆ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film directed by T. V. Singh Thakur, based on Sri Raghavendra Vijaya written by Rajaguru Rajacharya, and stars Rajkumar in the role of Raghavendra Swami, a Hindu saint who lived in the 17th century India.	Mantralaya Mahatme	India
country of origin	The Times of India gave the film 3.5 out of 5 stars, and concluded that Velayudham is sure to add to his box-office muscle.	Velayudham	India
country of origin	Boquerones en vinagre are a type of appetizer or tapa, meze found in Spain.	Boquerones en vinagre	Spain
country of origin	Choking Hazard is a 2004 Czech Republic comedy-horror film by Marek Dobeš.	Choking Hazard	Czech Republic
country of origin	Pixel Pinkie is an Australian/Canadian and British animated television series produced and created by Blue Rocket Productions in association with the Nine Network and principally funded by The Film Finance Corporation Australia.	Pixel Pinkie	Australia
country of origin	Pets Win Prizes was a game show, produced by the British Broadcasting Corporation and shown on Saturday nights on BBC 1 in the United Kingdom from 16 July 1994 to 3 August 1996.	Pets Win Prizes	United Kingdom
country of origin	Heidi is a girl who has been raised by her aunt Detie in Maienfeld, Switzerland after the early deaths of her parents, Tobias and Adelheid (Detie's sister and brother-in-law).	Heidi	Switzerland
country of origin	Filming for High Road to China took place in Yugoslavia with a crew of 231 (145 Yugoslavs, 60 British, 15 Italians, 10 Americans, and one Frenchman).	High Road to China	Yugoslavia
country of origin	Walking with Dinosaurs is a six-part documentary television miniseries that was produced by the BBC, narrated by Kenneth Branagh, and first aired in the United Kingdom, in 1999.	Walking with Dinosaurs	United Kingdom
country of origin	Four somewhat drunk American soldiers leave a bar (where ``Town Without Pity'' is playing on the jukebox) in occupied Germany after World War II. Meanwhile, sixteen-year-old Karin Steinhof (Christine Kaufmann) has a quarrel with her 19-year-old boyfriend, Frank Borgmann, in the countryside.	Town Without Pity	Germany
country of origin	All the performers in Silent Light are Mennonites from communities in Mexico, Germany and Canada.	Silent Light	Germany
country of origin	This Is Roller Derby is a 2011 Australian documentary by Daniel Hayward and features members from roller derby associations from Australia and the United States, primarily the Ballarat Roller Derby League.	This Is Roller Derby	Australia
country of origin	In Italy in the Sixties, a gang of American thieves arrive in Naples to steal the famous Treasure of San Gennaro.	Treasure of San Gennaro	Italy
country of origin	Kathapurushan is a journey exploring the recent history of the state of Kerala in India.	Kathapurushan	India
country of origin	Rappelkiste (1973--1984) was a progressive pedagogic television series for children in Germany.	Rappelkiste	Germany
country of origin	In January 1995, The Cloud Door was screened once for the public at the International Film Festival of India as part of the Erotic Tales program.	The Cloud Door	India
country of origin	Sister Wife is a 2000 documentary that follows the Hebrew Israelites, an African American community that immigrated to Israel and practices polygyny.	Sister Wife	Israel
country of origin	Linongot is a traditional dessert for the Kadazan-Dusun in the states of Sabah, Malaysia.	Linongot	Malaysia
country of origin	It tells of a young French man who falls for a fisherman's granddaughter -- the titular Graziella -- during a trip to Naples, Italy; they are separated when he must return to France, and she soon dies.	Graziella	France
country of origin	Bruttiboni, also known as Mandorlati di San Clemente and Brutti ma buoni, is a type of almond-flavoured biscuit made in Prato, central Italy.	Bruttiboni	Italy
country of origin	Idol stjörnuleit (English: Idol Starsearch) is Iceland's version of the British reality series Pop Idol.	Idol stjörnuleit	Iceland
country of origin	Becky and Barnaby Bear is a live action television series on United Kingdom TV (CBeebies) for children between the ages of 0 and 5, starring Barnaby Bear and his friend Becky.	Becky and Barnaby Bear	United Kingdom
country of origin	Nynne was the fourth-most seen film total in theaters in Denmark in 2005, with 429,301 tickets sold.	Nynne	Denmark
country of origin	Wide Awake Club (often abbreviated to WAC) was a children's television series broadcast in the United Kingdom on the breakfast television channel TV-am between 1984 and 1989.	Wide Awake Club	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Man Who Watched Trains Go By (1952) is a crime drama film, released in the United Kingdom with an all-European cast, including Claude Rains in the lead role.	The Man Who Watched Trains Go By	United Kingdom
country of origin	Der Herr der Liebe (English: The Master of Love) is a 1919 silent film directed in Germany by Fritz Lang.	Der Herr der Liebe	Germany
country of origin	Kris Mataram is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies that was directed by Njoo Cheong Seng and starred Fifi Young and Omar Rodriga as two lovers divided by class.	Kris Mataram	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	OMV Petrom S.A. is a Romanian integrated oil company, the largest corporation in Romania and the largest oil and gas producer in Southeast Europe.	Petrom	Romania
country of origin	Sanuki udon (讃岐うどん) is a type of udon noodle most popular in the Shikoku region, but is now easily found throughout the neighboring Kansai region and much of Japan.	Sanuki udon	Japan
country of origin	Bongga! (English: Extravagant!) is a now-defunct regional variety show in the Philippines that aired every Sundays before ``SOP'' over GMA Iloilo and GMA Bacolod.	Bongga!	Philippines
country of origin	Pira caldo is a fish soup that is part of the traditional cuisine of Paraguay.	Pira caldo	Paraguay
country of origin	De Dana Dan collected Rs. 530 million in its opening weekend in India, thus making it the tenth biggest opening weekend of all time at the time of its release.	De Dana Dan	India
country of origin	Max & Co is a 2007 stop-motion animated feature film released in Belgium, France, and Switzerland in February 2008.	Max & Co	Belgium	France	Switzerland
country of origin	Chunauti was a hit television series in India in the 1980s.	Chunauti	India
country of origin	Summer City also known as Coast of Terror is a 1977 Australian surfer film, filmed in Newcastle, Australia.	Summer City	Australia
country of origin	The Model 1968 Recoilless Gun is a 105-mm antitank weapon developed and employed by Argentina.	Model 1968 Recoilless Gun	Argentina
country of origin	Brick Slaves (Chinese: 樓奴; Jyutping: Lau4 Nou4; literally ``Flat Slave'') is a 2015 Hong Kong romantic-comedy television drama created and produced by TVB, starring Vincent Wong, Selena Li, Evergreen Mak, Eliza Sam and Kiki Sheung as the main cast.	Brick Slaves	Hong Kong
country of origin	On October 28, 2012, the first public performance of Infruset was celebrated as cinema event with broadcasts in cinemas and theaters in Sweden, Germany and Switzerland.	Infruset	Sweden
country of origin	The Omroepvereniging VARA (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɔmrupfəˌreːnəɣɪŋ ˈvaːraː)), the VARA Broadcasting Association, is a Dutch public broadcasting association that operates within the framework of the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system.	VARA	Netherlands
country of origin	Manal Naharam explores the lives and predicaments experienced by people who go from India to the Arab countries for better dream and fortunes, leaving behind their trusted kith and kin.	Manal Naharam	India
country of origin	Zuger Kirschtorte (en: cherry torte from Zug) is a layer cake from Switzerland that consists of layers of nut-meringue, sponge cake and butter cream, and is flavoured with kirschwasser (cherry brandy).	Zuger Kirschtorte	Switzerland
country of origin	Pornmaking for Dummies was given a limited release in South Korea from 15 November 2007, and received a total of 498 admissions from seven screens nationwide.	Pornmaking for Dummies	South Korea
country of origin	Flamenco at 5:15 (French: Flamenco à 5 h 15) is a 1983 short documentary film directed by Cynthia Scott, taking audiences inside a flamenco dance class at the National Ballet School of Canada.	Flamenco at 5:15	Canada
country of origin	The Beretta Px4 Storm is a semi-automatic pistol manufactured by Beretta of Italy and intended for personal defense and law enforcement use.	Beretta Px4 Storm	Italy
creator	Malcolm in the Middle is an American sitcom created by Linwood Boomer for the Fox Broadcasting Company.	Malcolm in the Middle	Linwood Boomer
creator	Benvolio is a fictional character in William Shakespeare's drama Romeo and Juliet.	Benvolio	William Shakespeare
creator	The Heller Altar was an oil on panel triptych by German Renaissance artists Albrecht Dürer and Matthias Grünewald, executed between 1507 and 1509.	Heller Altar	Albrecht Dürer
creator	Undeclared is an American sitcom created by Judd Apatow, which aired on Fox during the 2001--02 season.	Undeclared	Judd Apatow
creator	The Gleaners (Des glaneuses) is an oil painting by Jean-François Millet completed in 1857.	The Gleaners	Jean-François Millet
creator	The Vision of the Cross is a painting made between 1520 and 1524 by assistants of the Italian renaissance artist Raphael.	The Vision of the Cross	Raphael
creator	You're Not Elected, Charlie Brown is the eighth prime-time animated TV special produced based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz, and the 10th one to air.	You're Not Elected, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	It's Arbor Day, Charlie Brown is the 15th prime-time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.	It's Arbor Day, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	Magistrates of Brussels was a 1634-5 oil painting by Anthony van Dyck.	Magistrates of Brussels	Anthony van Dyck
creator	Raistlin Majere is a fictional character from the Dragonlance series of books created by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman.	Raistlin Majere	Margaret Weis
date of birth	Tom Beim (born 11 December 1975 in Frimley, England) is a former rugby union footballer, who played on the wing for Sale, Gloucester, Viadana, Pertemps Bees, the Barbarians and England.	Tom Beim	11 December 1975
date of birth	Sandra Novack (born 1972) is an American writer of a novel and short stories.	Sandra Novack	1972
date of birth	Lawrence Dutton (born 9 May 1954) is an American violist, and a member of the Emerson String Quartet.	Lawrence Dutton	9 May 1954
date of birth	Vlado Glođović (Serbian: Владо Глођовић; born 8 November 1976) is a Serbian international referee who refereed at 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.	Vlado Glođović	8 November 1976
date of birth	Hōjō Ujinao (北条 氏直: 1562 -- December 19, 1591) was a Japanese daimyo of the late Sengoku period, and the final head of the Late Hōjō clan.	Hōjō Ujinao	1562
date of birth	Ruzaini Zainal (10 May 1988) is a professional footballer who plays for S.League club Hougang United.	Ruzaini Zainal	10 May 1988
date of birth	Fahim bin Sultan Al Qasimi (Arabic: فاهم بن سلطان القاسمي; born 1948) is an Emirati lawyer, diplomat, politician and businessman.	Fahim bin Sultan Al Qasimi	1948
date of birth	Daniel Dumas (born 17 February 1983) is an Australian former professional rugby league player who last played for the Sydney Roosters in the National Rugby League.	Daniel Dumas	17 February 1983
date of birth	Mark Vaughan (born 11 October 1985 in Dublin) is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Dublin.	Mark Vaughan	11 October 1985
date of birth	Andrew Van Vranken Raymond (8 August 1854 -- 5 April 1918) was an American minister, educator and author; raised in the Dutch Reformed Faith in upstate New York.	Andrew Van Vranken Raymond	8 August 1854
date of birth	William Capon (1480--1550) was an English churchman and scholar.	William Capon	1480
date of birth	Adil Nurmemet (born February 1968) is a former Chinese politician of Uighur ethnicity.	Adil Nurmemet	February 1968
date of birth	Ashok Sinha (born 8 November 1964) is a British environmental campaigner.	Ashok Sinha	8 November 1964
date of birth	Tim Goss (Born 28 February 1963), is a British motor racing engineer, the current technical director of the McLaren Honda Formula One team.	Tim Goss	28 February 1963
date of birth	Jorrit Bergsma (born 1 February 1986) is a Dutch speed skater and marathonskater.	Jorrit Bergsma	1 February 1986
date of birth	Shalom Hacohen or Ha-Cohen (1772-1845) was a Hebrew dramatist and poet.	Shalom Hacohen	1772
date of birth	Ben Varon (born 18 November 1983) is a Finnish guitarist and music maker.	Ben Varon	18 November 1983
date of birth	Grace Ekpiwhre was born on 4 January 1949 in the village of Ikweghwu in Agharho, in the Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State.	Grace Ekpiwhre	4 January 1949
date of birth	Michael B. Leavitt (1843--1935) was an American theater entrepreneur, manager, and producer.	Michael B. Leavitt	1843
date of birth	Bernard Doherty (born 3 October 1949, Chelmsford, Essex, UK) is a Public Relations executive in the Music Industry.	Bernard Doherty	3 October 1949
date of birth	John Henry Tudhope (17 April 1891 - 12 October 1956) was a South African flying ace credited with 10 victories in World War I. After the war, Tudhope emigrated to Canada and joined the RCAF.	John Henry Tudhope	17 April 1891
date of birth	Mangamuni Gamini Silva (born 19 December 1960) is a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer and Test cricket umpire.	Gamini Silva	19 December 1960
date of birth	Shi Zongyuan (Chinese: 石宗源; pinyin: Shí Zōngyuán; July 1946; Baoding, Hebei -- March 28, 2013; Beijing), ethnic Hui, was a politician of the People's Republic of China, and former secretary of CPC Guizhou committee and chairman of Guizhou people's congress.	Shi Zongyuan	July 1946
date of birth	Alison Wright (born 12 July 1976) is an English actress, best known for her role as Martha Hanson on The Americans.	Alison Wright	12 July 1976
date of birth	Noel Rawsthorne (born 24 December 1929) is a British organist and composer, who was a pupil of Germani in Italy and Harold Dawber at the Royal Manchester College.	Noel Rawsthorne	24 December 1929
date of birth	Boima Karpeh (born 16 June 1984), also known as Jerry Karpeh, is a Liberian-Australian professional footballer who last played for South China in the Hong Kong Premier League.	Boima Karpeh	16 June 1984
date of birth	Zhenis Kakenuly Nurlybayev (Kazakh: Жеңіс Кәкенұлы Нұрлыбаев, born 9 May 1965) is a Kazakh painter, art critic and author of the сulture support Year emblem in Kazakhstan (2000), laureate of The presidential grant of The Republic of Kazakhstan (2010).	Zhenis Kakenuly Nurlybayev	9 May 1965
date of birth	Luigi Ferrari Bravo (5 August 1933 -- 8 February 2016) was an Italian professor and legal expert who served as judge for the International Court of Justice in the 1990s.	Luigi Ferrari Bravo	5 August 1933
date of birth	Naha Mint Mouknass (Arabic: الناهة بنت مكناس‎; born 1969) is a Mauritanian politician, and the former Mauritanian Minister for Foreign Affairs and Cooperation, serving in this capacity between 2009 and 2011.	Naha Mint Mouknass	1969
date of birth	Saleh Barakat (born in 1969 in Beirut, Lebanon) is a Lebanese art expert, gallery owner and curator.	Saleh Barakat	1969
date of birth	Luo Senwen (simplified Chinese: 罗森文; traditional Chinese: 羅森文; pinyin: Luó Sēnwén; born 16 January 1993) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Hebei China Fortune in the Chinese Super League.	Luo Senwen	16 January 1993
date of birth	Jean Moorcroft Wilson (born 3 October 1941) is a British academic and writer, best known as a biographer and critic of First World War poets and poetry.	Jean Moorcroft Wilson	3 October 1941
date of birth	Raj Ghatak (born July 1973) is an Indian-born English actor of Bengali Hindu origin.	Raj Ghatak	1973
date of birth	Konstantinos Botasis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Μπότασης, born 1890, date of death unknown) was a Greek Olympic fencer.	Konstantinos Botasis	1890
date of birth	Lin Tin Kyaw (born 1996) is a Burmese swimmer.	Lin Tin Kyaw	1996
date of birth	Kishore Kumar (4 August 1929 -- 13 October 1987) was an Indian film playback singer, actor, lyricist, composer, producer, director, and screenwriter.	Kishore Kumar	4 August 1929
date of birth	Tinì Cansino, stage name of Photina Lappa (born 23 September 1959), is a Greek actress and television personality, mainly active in Italy.	Tinì Cansino	23 September 1959
date of birth	Thomas Muffet (also Moufet, Mouffet, or Moffet) (1553 -- 5 June 1604) was an English naturalist and physician.	Thomas Muffet	1553
date of birth	Illya Rylinski (Belarusian: Ілля Рылінскі; Russian: Илья Рылинский; born 16 February 1984) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer.	Illya Rylinski	16 February 1984
date of birth	Đinh La Thăng (10 April 1960) is a Vietnamese politician who is the Secretary of the Ho Chi Minh city Party Committee, a post he has held since 8 August 2011.	Đinh La Thăng	10 April 1960
date of birth	The Most Reverend Edward Doorly born in County Roscommon on 23 Nov 1868, died 5 Apr 1950, was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman who served as the Bishop of Elphin from 1926 to 1950.	Edward Doorly	1868
date of birth	Zheng Guogu (Chinese: 郑国谷, born 1970) is an artist based in Yangjiang in the Guangdong province of China.	Zheng Guogu	1970
date of birth	Sharion Aycock (born 1955) is currently the Chief United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi.	Sharion Aycock	1955
date of birth	Yousry Nasrallah (Arabic: يسرى نصر الله‎ pronounced (ˈjosɾi nɑsˤˈɾɑllɑ)) (born 1952) is an Egyptian film director.	Yousry Nasrallah	1952
date of birth	Corey Hughes (born 17 February 1978 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian professional former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Corey Hughes	17 February 1978
date of birth	Su Cruickshank (born Susan Cruickshank; 31 August 1946 -- 8 December 2009) was an Australian jazz singer, actress and writer.	Su Cruickshank	31 August 1946
date of birth	Hans-Jürgen Stefan Schwarz (born 18 April 1969), known as Stefan Schwarz, is a Swedish football manager and a retired footballer who played as a midfielder from 1987 until 2003, notably playing in the top flight of a number of European clubs.	Stefan Schwarz	18 April 1969
date of birth	Pierre Gouthière (1732--1813) was a French metal worker.	Pierre Gouthière	1732
date of birth	Avinash Vyas was born in the Indian state of Gujarat on 21 July 1912 and had his initial music training under Ustad Allauddin Khan.	Avinash Vyas	21 July 1912
date of birth	Gerald Myers (born August 5, 1936) is an American former college basketball coach.	Gerald Myers	1936
date of birth	Larry Estridge (born 17 June 1902, St. Kitts, British West Indies) was a middleweight boxer and the last holder of the World Colored Middleweight Championship.	Larry Estridge	17 June 1902
date of birth	Major General Sergei Ivanovich Tiulpanov Сергей Иванович Тюльпанов (3 October 1901 - 16 February 1987) was the director of the Propaganda Administration of the Soviet Military Administration in Germany which governed eastern Germany from 1945 - 1949.	Sergei Ivanovich Tiulpanov	3 October 1901
date of birth	Richard Dresser (born c. 1951) is a popular American playwright and screenwriter, whose work has been widely performed in theatres across the United States, as well as in Europe.	Richard Dresser	1951
date of birth	John Akomfrah, OBE (born 4 May 1957) is an English artist, writer, film director, screenwriter, theorist and curator whose ``commitment to a radicalism both of politics and of cinematic form finds expression in all his films''.	John Akomfrah	4 May 1957
date of birth	František Zvarík (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈfranciʃeɡ ˈzʋariːk); 17 July 1921 -- 17 August 2008) was an accomplished theater actor (over 50 years in Slovak National Theatre) and movie character actor.	František Zvarík	17 July 1921
date of birth	Mohamed Nazeeh (born on 15 June 1975) is a Maldivian football coach, and former player.	Mohamed Nazeeh	15 June 1975
date of birth	Francis Mairs Huntington Wilson (1875-1946) was a United States diplomat and author who served as United States Assistant Secretary of State from 1909 to 1913.	Huntington Wilson	1875
date of birth	Penelope Tree (born 2 December 1949) is an English former fashion model prominent in swinging sixties London.	Penelope Tree	2 December 1949
date of birth	Ketki Dave (née: Joshi on 13 August 1960) is an Indian actress.	Ketki Dave	13 August 1960
date of birth	Youssouf Hiss Bachir (born 1987) is a Djiboutian middle-distance runner.	Youssouf Hiss Bachir	1987
date of birth	Mario Robbe (born 23 August 1973 in Tilburg) is a Dutch darts player currently playing in British Darts Organisation events.	Mario Robbe	23 August 1973
date of birth	Ivy Meeropol (born 1968) is the director and producer of the 2004 documentary Heir to an Execution.	Ivy Meeropol	1968
date of birth	Francisco Javier Quintanilla (1833- ?) was a Chilean priest.	Francisco Javier Quintanilla	1833
date of birth	Henry Bracken, M.D. (1697--1764), was a writer on farriery.	Henry Bracken	1697
date of birth	Adrian Blair (21 December 1943) is an Indigenous Australian boxer who competed at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics in the lightweight division.	Adrian Blair	21 December 1943
date of birth	Brigadier General Ali-Reza Asgari (1 November 1952) was an Iranian general of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, deputy defense minister, and cabinet member of Iranian President Mohammad Khatami.	Ali-Reza Asgari	1 November 1952
date of birth	Inge Hornstra (born 21 May 1974) is a Dutch-born Australian television and stage actress.	Inge Hornstra	21 May 1974
date of birth	Gladys Wamuyu Wachiuri (born 23 December 1972) is a retired Kenyan middle-distance runner competing primarily in the 800 metres.	Gladys Wamuyu	23 December 1972
date of birth	Rebecca Anne Flint (born 5 June 1995), better known by her stage name Beckii Cruel, is a British pop dancer and singer from England.	Beckii Cruel	5 June 1995
date of birth	Antoine Saout (born 26 June 1984) is a French professional poker player who made the November Nine in the 2009 World Series of Poker finishing 3rd.	Antoine Saout	26 June 1984
date of birth	George Szamuely (born 1954) is a Senior Research Fellow at the Global Policy Institute of London Metropolitan University.	George Szamuely	1954
date of birth	Chris Grabiec (born Krzysztof Pawel Grabiec, 1975 in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada) is a British trance music producer, songwriter and DJ based in London United Kingdom.	Chris Grabiec	1975
date of birth	Otto Salzer (4 April 1874 - 7 January 1944) was a German racing car driver, famous for his contributions to the success of Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft in Untertürkheim near Stuttgart, where he became team leader in 1903, previously having worked as an engineer since 1896.	Otto Salzer	4 April 1874
date of birth	Sydney Barber Josiah Skertchly (14 December 1850 -- 2 February 1926) was an English and later Australian botanist and geologist.	Sydney Barber Josiah Skertchly	14 December 1850
date of birth	Isabel of Barcelos (October 1402 -- 26 October 1466), also known as Isabel of Braganza (her father was originally the Count of Barcelos before becoming Duke of Braganza).	Isabel of Barcelos	October 1402
date of birth	Radhika Apte (born 7 September 1985) is an Indian film and stage actress.	Radhika Apte	7 September 1985
date of birth	Adam Boland (born 1977) is an Australian television producer and director.	Adam Boland	1977
date of birth	Joan Lascorz Moreno (born 27 February 1985) is a former Spanish motorcycle racer.	Joan Lascorz	27 February 1985
date of birth	Chris York (born 27 December 1989 in Epsom) is a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in the Aviva Premiership.	Chris York	27 December 1989
date of birth	David Hatcher Childress (born 1957) is an American author, and the owner of Adventures Unlimited Press, a publishing house established in 1984 specializing in books on unusual topics such as ancient mysteries, unexplained phenomena, alternative history and historical revisionism.	David Hatcher Childress	1957
date of birth	Susan Howson (born in 1973) is a former British mathematician whose research was in the fields of algebraic number theory and arithmetic geometry.	Susan Howson	1973
date of birth	John Edward Stead FRS (11 October 1851 -- 31 October 1923) was a British metallurgist, elected to the Royal Society in 1903.	John Edward Stead	11 October 1851
date of birth	John de Warenne, 6th Earl of Surrey (1231 -- c. 29 September 1304) was a prominent English nobleman and military commander during the reigns of Henry III of England and Edward I of England.	John de Warenne, 6th Earl of Surrey	1231
date of birth	Yuan Guiren (born 1950 in Guzhen County, Anhui) is a Chinese academic and politician.	Yuan Guiren	1950
date of birth	Walter Ledgard (1919 -- March 8, 1999) was a Peruvian swimmer.	Walter Ledgard	1919
date of birth	Antonella Bellutti (born 7 November 1968) is an Italian racing cyclist and two-time Olympic champion in track cycling.	Antonella Bellutti	7 November 1968
date of birth	Erkan Mustafa (born 14 May 1970) is a British actor and television presenter of Turkish Cypriot descent, most noted for the part of Roland Browning in Grange Hill (BBC 1982--1987).	Erkan Mustafa	14 May 1970
date of birth	Pinchas Sapir (Hebrew: פנחס ספיר‎, born Pinchas Kozlowski 15 October 1906 -- 12 August 1975) was an Israeli politician during the first three decades following the country's founding.	Pinchas Sapir	15 October 1906
date of birth	Davide Cali (born 1972) is a Swiss-born Italian writer of picture books and graphic novels, primarily for children and young adults.	Davide Cali	1972
date of birth	O. Madhavan (1922 -- 19 August 2005) was an Indian theatre director and actor.	O. Madhavan	1922
date of birth	Gareth Clough (born 23 May 1978, Leeds, Yorkshire, England) is an English first-class cricketer.	Gareth Clough	23 May 1978
date of birth	Tim Verfaillie (Brugge, 14 January 1893 -- Rochefort, 1934) was Belgian painter who was one of the smaller figures of Flemish expressionism.	Tim Verfaillie	14 January 1893
date of birth	Lucius Levy Solomons (born 1730 in England -- d. May 18, 1792 at Montreal) was a Jewish Canadian merchant and fur trader.	Levy Solomons	1730
date of birth	Jarrod Kimber (born 7 January 1980) is a cricket writer who came to prominence as the founder of the cricketwithballs blog.	Jarrod Kimber	7 January 1980
date of birth	Abraham Tokazier (born 29 September 1909 in Helsinki, died 7 April 1976 in Stockholm) was a Finnish sprinter with Jewish descent.	Abraham Tokazier	29 September 1909
date of birth	Milissa Rehberger (born, May 7, 1971) is an American television journalist.	Milissa Rehberger	1971
date of birth	Mohammad Jalal Abbasi-Shavazi (born 23 August 1965) is an Iranian demographer and the president of Asian Population Association.	Mohammad Jalal Abbasi-Shavazi	23 August 1965
date of birth	Francesco Danieli (1981 in Lecce) is an Italian historian and iconologist.	Francesco Danieli	1981
date of birth	Nicolas Perrin (born 1959) is CEO of SBB Cargo since January 2008.	Nicolas Perrin	1959
date of birth	Chhim Sothy (born 1969, Kandal Province) is an acclaimed Cambodian painter and sculptor noted for his ability in a diverse number of artistic techniques and mediums.	Chhim Sothy	1969
date of birth	Siobhán Hoey (born 17 July 1970) is an Irish sportswoman from Portarlington, County Laois.	Siobhán Hoey	17 July 1970
date of birth	Snehal Bhatkar was born on 17 July 1919 in Mumbai in a Marathi-speaking family.	Snehal Bhatkar	17 July 1919
date of birth	Dea Birkett (born 1958) is a British writer, journalist, broadcaster and a former circus performer.	Dea Birkett	1958
date of birth	Shea Holbrook (born 1990) is an American professional race car driver and entrepreneur.	Shea Holbrook	1990
date of birth	Joe Duffey (born 22 June 1982) is a rugby union footballer who plays hooker for Nottingham RFC.	Joe Duffey	22 June 1982
date of birth	Vince Sinisi (born 7 November 1981) is an Italian former baseball player.	Vince Sinisi	7 November 1981
date of birth	Gretel Tippett (born 3 July 1993) is an Australian netball player and former WNBL basketball player.	Gretel Tippett	3 July 1993
date of birth	Ibrahima Kassory Fofana (born 1954 or 1955) is a Guinean politician.	Ibrahima Kassory Fofana	1954
date of birth	Thomas Mitchell Morris (16 June 1821 -- 24 May 1908), otherwise known as Old Tom Morris, was a Scottish golfer.	Old Tom Morris	16 June 1821
date of birth	Fu Zhongwen (1903--1994) was a respected t'ai chi ch'uan teacher and author from China.	Fu Zhongwen	1903
date of birth	James Townsend Oswald (23 February 1748 -- 3 January 1814) was a Scottish politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1768 and 1779.	James Townsend Oswald	23 February 1748
date of birth	Leo Galland, MD (born 1943) is an internist and author of popular medical books including Superimmunity for Kids (1989), The Four Pillars of Healing (1997), Power Healing (1998) and The Fat Resistance Diet (2006).	Leo Galland	1943
date of birth	Dmitri Bruns (born 11 January 1929), is an Estonian architect and architecture theorist.	Dmitri Bruns	11 January 1929
date of birth	Carmen Souza (born 1981) is a Portuguese-born singer and songwriter of Cape Verdean heritage.	Carmen Souza	1981
date of birth	David Trullo is a Spanish visual artist born in Madrid in 1969.	David Trullo	1969
date of birth	Indrek Zelinski (born 13 November 1974) is an Estonian football manager and former professional football player.	Indrek Zelinski	13 November 1974
date of birth	Walter B. Hargreaves (1907--1998), also known by the affectionate nickname of 'The Wee Professor', was a legendary conductor for brass bands.	Walter B. Hargreaves	1907
date of birth	Yang Wenqin (simplified Chinese: 杨文琴; traditional Chinese: 楊文琴; pinyin: Yáng Wénqín; born April 30, 1960 in Shanghai) is a retired Chinese high jumper.	Yang Wenqin	1960
date of birth	Jothi Venkatachalam (Tamil: ஜோதி வெங்கடாசலம்) (born 27 October 1917, Rangoon) was an Indian politician and a former Governor of Kerala and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.	Jothi Venkatachalam	27 October 1917
date of birth	Robert G. Picard (born 1951) is an American writer and scholar.	Robert G. Picard	1951
date of birth	Ariel Martínez (born 9 May 1986) is a Cuban footballer, who currently plays as a striker for American club Charleston Battery.	Ariel Martínez	9 May 1986
date of birth	Ferenc Nemeth (born 1976) is a Hungarian jazz drummer, and composer.	Ferenc Nemeth	1976
date of birth	Melissa Porter (born 18 December 1972) is an English television presenter, best known for her BBC programmes To Buy or Not to Buy and Escape to the Country.	Melissa Porter	18 December 1972
date of birth	Bethlehem Tilahun Alemu (born 1980) is an Ethiopian businesswoman, founder and executive director of soleRebels, Africa's fastest growing footwear company.	Bethlehem Tilahun Alemu	1980
date of birth	Fabian Friedrich (born 1980) is a German swimmer who won one silver and two gold medals at European Short Course Swimming Championships in 2003 and 2004.	Fabian Friedrich	1980
date of birth	Richard Goodman Jones (born 20 January 1920) was a Welsh poet, better known as Dic Goodman.	Dic Goodman	20 January 1920
date of birth	Elizabeth A. T. Smith (born 1958) is an American art historian, museum curator, writer, and presently the executive director of the Helen Frankenthaler Foundation.	Elizabeth A. T. Smith	1958
date of birth	Hubert Zimmermann (1941 -- November 9, 2012) was a French software engineer and a pioneer of computer networking.	Hubert Zimmermann	1941
date of birth	Piotr Zajlich (26 June 1884 in Warsaw -- 18 April 1948 in Piaseczno), pseudonym Szuwałow, was a Polish dancer and choreographer.	Piotr Zajlich	26 June 1884
date of birth	Jocelyn Gill (1916--April 26, 1984) was an American astronomer who worked for NASA.	Jocelyn Gill	1916
date of birth	Martin Wyldeck (11 January 1914 -- 29 April 1988) was a British actor who played a wide range of parts over many years on stage, screen and TV.	Martin Wyldeck	11 January 1914
date of birth	Ahmad Ghanizadeh (Persian: احمد غنی زاده) (born 21 December 1961) is a Norwegian-Iranian politician for the Socialist Left Party.	Ahmad Ghanizadeh	21 December 1961
date of birth	Peter Wadhams ScD (born 14 May 1948), is professor of Ocean Physics, and Head of the Polar Ocean Physics Group in the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics, University of Cambridge.	Peter Wadhams	14 May 1948
date of birth	Malcolm Root FGRA (born 1950) is a British artist who concentrates on classic transport subjects.	Malcolm Root	1950
date of birth	Anna Shuttleworth was born in Bournemouth on 2 May 1927, the only child of a retired Indian Civil Service father and a Polish-Irish mother.	Anna Shuttleworth	2 May 1927
date of birth	James Gogarty was born in the town of Knobber County Meath, in Ireland on March 23, 1890.	James Gogarty	1890
date of birth	Netta Aloni (Hebrew: נטע אלוני; born 1945) is a contemporary Israeli composer who composes for vocal and instrumental ensembles.	Netta Aloni	1945
date of birth	Rob Smedley (born 28 November 1973 in Normanby, Middlesbrough, England) is the Head of Vehicle Performance at the Williams Martini Racing Formula One team.	Rob Smedley	28 November 1973
date of birth	Robbi Weldon (born 6 September 1975) is a Canadian Para-Nordic skiing and Para-cycling athlete who has competed in the 2010 and 2014 Winter Paralympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Robbi Weldon	6 September 1975
date of birth	William Jay Bolton (31 August 1816 -- 28 May 1884) was the first artist in the United States to design and manufacture figural stained glass windows.	William Jay Bolton	31 August 1816
date of birth	Govind Armstrong (born 1969) is an American chef who specializes in California Cuisine.	Govind Armstrong	1969
date of birth	Elias Breeskin (Russian: Элиас Бреескин; Ukrainian: Еліас Бреескін; 1896 -- May 9, 1969) was a violinist, composer and conductor.	Elias Breeskin	1896
date of birth	William Compston FAA, FRS (born 19 February 1931) is an Australian geophysicist.	William Compston	19 February 1931
date of birth	Shaheen Mistri (born 16 March 1971) is an Indian social activist and educator.	Shaheen Mistri	16 March 1971
date of birth	Manuel Rebollo García (born 2 July 1945) is a Spanish Navy admiral.	Manuel Rebollo García	2 July 1945
date of birth	Jin Jingdao (Chinese: 金敬道; pinyin: Jīn Jìngdào; Hangul: 김경도; born 18 January 1992) is a Chinese footballer of Korean descent who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.	Jin Jingdao	18 January 1992
date of birth	Peter McGinnity (born October 1953), is a former Gaelic footballer and manager who hails from Roslea in County Fermanagh.	Peter McGinnity	October 1953
date of birth	William Nicholls (1664--1712) was an English clergyman and theologian, known as an author on the Book of Common Prayer.	William Nicholls	1664
date of birth	Brahim Zaari (Arabic: إبراهيم زعري‎; born 12 October 1989 in Schaijk) is a Moroccan footballer who plays for Raja Casablanca.	Brahim Zaari	12 October 1989
date of birth	Lisa Sounio (born 1970) is a past CEO and chairperson of social networking site Dopplr.	Lisa Sounio	1970
date of birth	Valentyna Kozyr (Ukrainian: Валентина Козир) (born 25 April 1950) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the High Jump.	Valentyna Kozyr	25 April 1950
date of birth	According to the Library of Virginia ``William Selden was born 31 January 1791 in Henrico County, Virginia, to Miles Selden (1752-1811) and Elizabeth Armistead Selden (1752-1833).	William Selden	31 January 1791
date of birth	Nic Fiddian-Green (born 1963) is a British sculptor, who specialises is making lifelike models of horses heads, both smaller and larger than life-sized.	Nic Fiddian-Green	1963
date of birth	Patrick Rylands (Hull,1943) is an English designer.	Patrick Rylands	1943
date of birth	Jay Denny (born 6 January 1986) is a footballer who plays for Halesowen Town.	Jay Denny	6 January 1986
date of birth	David Whitney (1939 -- June 12, 2005) was an American art curator, collector, gallerist and critic.	David Whitney	1939
date of birth	Marisa Masullo (born 8 May 1959) is a former Italian athlete, who mainly competed in the 100 metres and 200 metres.	Marisa Masullo	8 May 1959
date of birth	Josh Drummond (born 19 April 1983) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League who is currently serving as the defensive coach of the North Melbourne Football Club.	Josh Drummond	19 April 1983
date of birth	Claude H. Nash (born 1943) was CEO of Bloodstone Ventures plc. from 2007 to 2010.	Claude H. Nash	1943
date of birth	Alice Harnoncourt (née Hoffelner; born 26 September 1930) is an Austrian classical violinist.	Alice Harnoncourt	26 September 1930
date of birth	Laura Geller (born 1950) is an American rabbi.	Laura Geller	1950
date of birth	John Currin (born 1962) is an American painter based in New York City.	John Currin	1962
date of birth	Jake Tilson (born 14 February 1958 in London) is an English artist, graphic designer, writer and publisher.	Jake Tilson	14 February 1958
date of birth	Nigel Winterburn (born 11 December 1963) is an English former professional footballer and current football television pundit who played as a left back from 1981 to 2003.	Nigel Winterburn	11 December 1963
date of birth	James Gareth Endicott (1898--1993) was a Canadian clergyman, Christian missionary and socialist.	James Gareth Endicott	1898
date of birth	Darrell Hiles (10 January 1969) is an Indigenous Australian boxer who competed at the 1988 Seoul Olympics in the featherweight division.	Darrell Hiles	10 January 1969
date of birth	Prince Davit Guramishvili (Georgian: დავით გურამიშვილი) (1705 -- July 21, 1792) was a Georgian poet who wrote the finest pieces of pre-Romantic Georgian literature.	Davit Guramishvili	1705
date of birth	Ibtisam al-Mutawakkil (born 1970) is a Yemeni poet born in Sana'a.	Ibtisam al-Mutawakkil	1970
date of birth	John Russell Fearn (1908--1960) was a British author and one of the first British writers to appear in American pulp science fiction magazines.	John Russell Fearn	1908
date of birth	Barış Başdaş (born 17 January 1990) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a center back for Göztepe SK.	Barış Başdaş	17 January 1990
date of birth	Qiao Qiao (Chinese: 乔乔; pinyin: Qiáo Qiáo; born c. 1980) is a Chinese singer.	Qiao Qiao	1980
date of birth	Li Lanqing (simplified Chinese: 李岚清; traditional Chinese: 李嵐清; pinyin: Lǐ Lánqīng; born May 1932) is a retired Chinese politician, best known for his term as Vice Premier of the State Council between 1998 and 2003, and a member of the Politburo Standing Committee between 1997 and 2002.	Li Lanqing	1932
date of birth	Tempa Tsering (Tibetan: བསྟན་པ་ཚེ་རིང་, Wylie: Bstan-pa Tse-ring; born 15 May 1950 in Tibet) is the Representative of 14th Dalai Lama in New Delhi and member of the Tibetan Government in Exile.	Tempa Tsering	15 May 1950
date of birth	Jean de Montreuil (1354, Monthureux-le-Sec -- 29 May 1418, Paris) was a French scholar of the late 14th and early 15th century and a friend of Laurent de Premierfait.	Jean de Montreuil	1354
date of birth	Ahmad Amir Kamdar (Persian: احمد امیرکامدار‎‎, born 5 January 1989) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Zob Ahan	Ahmad Amir Kamdar	5 January 1989
date of birth	Ivan Delić (Cyrillic: Ивaн Дeлић, born 15 February 1986) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for FK Mladost Velika Obarska.	Ivan Delić	15 February 1986
date of birth	Patrik Fredriksson (born 16 May 1973) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden.He stopped playing professional 2001 and in 2002 became the Davis Cup coach and head coach for the national team in Kuwait.	Patrik Fredriksson	16 May 1973
date of birth	Gad Barzilai (born 1958) is a full professor of law, political science and international studies, famous for his work on the politics of law, comparative law and politics, human rights and communities.	Gad Barzilai	1958
date of birth	Archibald Button (born 1770 in West Thurrock, Essex) was an English amateur cricketer who made two known appearances in major cricket matches from 1798 to 1804.	Archibald Button	1770
date of birth	Gustavo Herrera Grau (Caracas, 12 April 1890 - Caracas, 1 February 1953), was a Venezuelan lawyer and diplomat.	Gustavo Herrera	12 April 1890
date of birth	Pauline Stainer (born 1941) is an acclaimed English poet.	Pauline Stainer	1941
date of birth	Kola Ogunkoya (born 20 August 1967) is a Nigerian afrobeat musician who uses the term ``Afro Gbedu'' to describe his style of music, which includes jazz, highlife, Jùjú, funk and traditional Yoruba music.	Kola Ogunkoya	20 August 1967
date of birth	Ken Greenwood (born 15 December 1941) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ken Greenwood	15 December 1941
date of birth	Brit Solli (born 1959) is a Norwegian archaeologist and Professor of Medieval archaeology at the Museum of Cultural History in Oslo.	Brit Solli	1959
date of birth	Ed Phillips (born 6 July 1966) is a Sydney-based television and radio presenter.	Ed Phillips	6 July 1966
date of birth	Nicolas Limbach (born 29 December 1985) is a German fencer, world champion in 2009 and team world champion in 2014.	Nicolas Limbach	29 December 1985
date of birth	Julien Bentley Royer (born 1955) is a Dominican politician in the Dominica Labour Party and a former schoolteacher.	Bentley Royer	1955
date of birth	Hans-Joachim Frey, (10 June 1965 in Gehrden, Lower Saxony) is a German cultural manager.	Hans-Joachim Frey	10 June 1965
date of birth	Anastasia Karakatsani (Greek: Αναστασία Καρακατσάνη; born 10 January 1992) is a Greek long-distance runner who competes in the 5000 metres and the 10000 metres.	Anastasia Karakatsani	10 January 1992
date of birth	Jorn Barger (/ˈbɑːrɡər/; born 1953) is an American blogger, best known as editor of Robot Wisdom, an influential early weblog.	Jorn Barger	1953
date of birth	Teddy Partridge (13 February 1891 -- June 1970) was an English football player.	Teddy Partridge	13 February 1891
date of birth	Ali Viola (born in 1976) is an American, former collegiate All-American, right-handed hitting softball player at shortstop, originally from Novato, California.	Ali Viola	1976
date of birth	Mária Lebstück (15 August 1831 -- 30 May 1892), was a Hussar officer during the Hungarian War of Independence of 1848 and 1849 under the name Károly Lebstück.	Mária Lebstück	15 August 1831
date of birth	Johann Martin Steindorff (born 18 March 1663 in Teutleben, Thuringia; d. 3 May 1744 in Zwickau, Saxony) was a Baroque musician who served as Kantor at Zwickau.	Johann Martin Steindorff	18 March 1663
date of birth	Guy Adams (born 6 January 1976) is an English author, comedian, and actor, possibly best known for the novel The World House.	Guy Adams	6 January 1976
date of birth	Mary Buckland, née Morland (born Abingdon 1797, died 1857), was a British palaeontologist, marine biologist and scientific illustrator.	Mary Buckland	1797
date of birth	Graham Geraghty (born 17 May 1973), is a former Gaelic football player for the Meath senior football team.	Graham Geraghty	17 May 1973
date of birth	Jörg Ohm (born 14 March 1944) is a former East German football player who played in the DDR-Oberliga for both Chemie Leipzig and 1.	Jörg Ohm	14 March 1944
date of birth	Peter P. Straub (born 28 June 1850 in Felldorf Starzach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) is the founder of the Straub Brewery in St. Mary's, Pennsylvania.	Peter P. Straub	28 June 1850
date of birth	Mar Thomas Chakiath (born 10 September 1937) is a retired Syro Malabar Catholic Bishop.	Thomas Chakiath	10 September 1937
date of birth	General Claudio Graziano (born 22 November 1953) is a former Force Commander of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL), serving in the position between 2007 and 2010.	Claudio Graziano	22 November 1953
date of birth	Arnold Lucien Montandon (1852 -- 1922) was an French entomologist who worked in the Grigore Antipa National Museum of Natural History in Bucharest, Romania.	Arnold Lucien Montandon	1852
date of birth	Pril Smiley (born 19 March 1943) is an American composer and pioneer of electronic music.	Pril Smiley	19 March 1943
date of birth	Janet Chisholm (7 May 1929 -- 23 July 2004), born Janet Anne Deane, was a British MI6 agent during the Cold War.	Janet Chisholm	7 May 1929
date of birth	Samantha Siddall (born 23 January 1982) is an English actress, best known for playing Mandy Maguire in Shameless from 2004--2009, a role she briefly reprised for an episode in 2011.	Samantha Siddall	23 January 1982
date of birth	Allistair Pickett (born 4 August 1973) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Subiaco in the WAFL.	Allistair Pickett	4 August 1973
date of birth	Hans-Peter Zaugg, (born 2 December 1952), is a former Swiss footballer and the current manager of Biel-Bienne.	Hans-Peter Zaugg	2 December 1952
date of birth	Gorica Aćimović (born 28 February 1985 in Banja Luka) is an Austrian handballer who currently plays for Hypo Niederösterreich.	Gorica Aćimović	28 February 1985
date of birth	Ray Norman (1889--1971) was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach.	Ray Norman	1889
date of birth	Tôn Thất Hải (16 July 1935) is a Vietnamese fencer.	Tôn Thất Hải	16 July 1935
date of birth	Lourdes Santiago Torres Leon Guerrero (9 November 1923, Merizo - 25 February 2010) was a teacher in Guam.	Lourdes Santiago Torres Leon Guerrero	9 November 1923
date of birth	Peg Norman (born 1964 in Gambo, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian documentary filmmaker, best known for her role in the film My Left Breast, which documented her partner Gerry Rogers' battle with breast cancer.	Peg Norman	1964
date of birth	Marcos Paulo dos Santos or simply known as Marko dos Santos (born 18 May 1981) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Ayia Napa.	Marko dos Santos	18 May 1981
date of birth	Dave Swift (born 11 January 1964) is a British bassist.	Dave Swift	1964
date of birth	Jacobo Penzo (1948 in Carora), is a Venezuelan filmmaker, best known for his drama piece The House of Water, shown in the Directors' Fortnight section of the Cannes Film Festival in 1984.	Jacobo Penzo	1948
date of birth	John Adeleye (born 1980) is a British singer from West London, who first became known in the music industry under his stage name J'Nay.	John Adeleye	1980
date of birth	Domnic Joseph Muthuswami (born 9 March 1981) is an Indian cricketer of Tamil descent who plays for Maharashtra cricket team in domestic cricket and Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League.	Domnic Joseph	9 March 1981
date of birth	Jiang Liyin (Chinese: 江礼银; 1933 -- September 25, 1993) is a Chinese Communist politician and revolutionary agitator, who was a prominent member of the Fujian provincial leadership during the Cultural Revolution.	Jiang Liyin	1933
date of birth	Günther Hessler (14 June 1909 -- 4 April 1968) was a Kriegsmarine Fregattenkapitän during World War II. He commanded the Type IXB U-boat U-107, sinking twenty-one ships on three patrols, totalling 118,822 GRT of Allied shipping, of which 86,699 GRT was sunk on one patrol alone.	Günther Hessler	14 June 1909
date of birth	Timothy H. O'Sullivan (c. 1840 -- January 14, 1882) was a photographer widely known for his work related to the American Civil War and the Western United States.	Timothy H. O'Sullivan	1840
date of birth	Vicky Vaughan (born 1969) is a British businesswoman with interests in sustainability.	Vicky Vaughan	1969
date of birth	Anna Márton (born 15 March 1995) is a Hungarian sabre fencer, junior European and World champion in 2014, member of the Hungarian national team.	Anna Márton	15 March 1995
date of birth	Pamela Franklin (born 3 February 1950) is a British actress who appeared in feature films from 1961 until 1976, and on American television throughout the 1970s.	Pamela Franklin	3 February 1950
date of birth	Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Echeverría (born 9 January 1940) is a Costa Rican economist, lawyer, businessman and politician.	Miguel Ángel Rodríguez	9 January 1940
date of birth	Abdulrahman Suleiman (born 10 January 1984) is a Qatari middle-distance runner who specialises in both the 800 metres and 1500 metres.	Abdulrahman Suleiman	10 January 1984
date of birth	John Millar Watt (14 October 1895 -- 13 December 1975) was a British painter, illustrator and comics artist who created the comic strip, Pop.	John Millar Watt	14 October 1895
date of birth	Peter Lindbäck (born 14 June 1955, Helsinki) is the governor of the Åland Islands.	Peter Lindbäck	14 June 1955
date of birth	Agim Zajmi (28 November 1936 -- 3 November 2013) was an Albanian painter.	Agim Zajmi	28 November 1936
date of birth	Archibald Haworth Brown CMG, FBA commonly known as Archie Brown (born 10 May 1938), is a British political scientist and historian.	Archie Brown	10 May 1938
date of birth	John Pond FRS (1767 -- 7 September 1836) was a renowned English astronomer who became the sixth Astronomer Royal, serving from 1811 to 1835.	John Pond	1767
date of birth	Mladen Dolar (born 29 January 1951) is a Slovene philosopher, cultural theorist, film critic and expert in psychoanalysis.	Mladen Dolar	29 January 1951
date of birth	James Edward Jacob (born 28 March 1989), better known by his stage name Jakwob, is a British music producer and DJ.	Jakwob	28 March 1989
date of birth	Paul Methuen, 1st Baron Methuen (21 June 1779 -- 11 February 1849), was a British Whig politician who was raised to the peerage in 1838.	Paul Methuen, 1st Baron Methuen	21 June 1779
date of birth	Nalamada Uttam Kumar Reddy (Telugu: ఉత్తమ్ కుమార్ రెడ్డి) (born: 20 June 1962) is an Indian politician form Telangana State, he is present Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Huzurnagar constituency and he was Former Minister of Housing, Weaker Selection Housing Programme.	Nalamada Uttam Kumar Reddy	20 June 1962
date of birth	Goran Vincetić (born 25 September 1975) is a retired Croatian football player and current manager of NK Zagreb.	Goran Vincetić	25 September 1975
date of birth	Rod Reddy (born 1 March 1954 in Rockhampton, Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league footballer and coach.	Rod Reddy	1 March 1954
date of birth	Beatriz Londoño Soto, M.D. (born 1959) is the Ambassador of Colombia to Switzerland.	Beatriz Londoño Soto	1959
date of birth	Thomas Voeckler (French pronunciation: ​(tɔ.mɑ/tɔ.mɑs vœ.klɛʁ); born 22 June 1979) is a French professional road racing cyclist who rides for the Team Europcar cycling team.	Thomas Voeckler	22 June 1979
date of birth	Marina Hyde (born 13 May 1974 as Marina Elizabeth Catherine Dudley-Williams) is an English columnist who writes three columns each week on current affairs, politics, celebrity and sport for The Guardian newspaper.	Marina Hyde	13 May 1974
date of birth	Kayode Soyinka (Born Olukayode Adedeji Soyinka on 15 December 1957) is a Nigerian journalist, publisher, author and politician.	Kayode Soyinka	15 December 1957
date of birth	Nikos Psychogios (Greek: Νίκος Ψυχογιός, born 25 February 1989) is a professional Greek football player, currently playing for Aris Thessaloniki in the Football League 2.	Nikos Psychogios	25 February 1989
date of birth	Damien Thomas (born 11 April 1942) is a British actor noted for his roles in British films and television, such as his role as Richard Mason in the 1983 BBC production of Jane Eyre.	Damien Thomas	11 April 1942
date of birth	Maru Daba (born 12 December 1980) is a retired Ethiopian long-distance runner, who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Maru Daba	12 December 1980
date of birth	David van der Plas (1647--1704), was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter.	David van der Plas	1647
date of birth	Gonzalo Méndez de Canço (or ``de Cancio'') y Donlebún (c. 1554 - March 31, 1622) was a Spanish admiral who served as the seventh governor of the Spanish province of La Florida (1596-1603).	Gonzalo Méndez de Canço	1554
date of birth	He was born Jacob Stanley Arnold on 22 September 1903, at Crown Point, Lake County, Indiana, of John Dawson and Mary (Weis) Arnold.	Stanley Arnold	22 September 1903
date of birth	Abhishek Banerjee (born 7 November 1987) is an Indian politician and a member of parliament to the 16th Lok Sabha from Diamond Harbour Lok Sabha constituency, West Bengal.	Abhishek Banerjee	7 November 1987
date of birth	Mansour Al-Mansour (1941 -- November 9, 2011), Kuwaiti actor.	Mansour Al-Mansour	1941
date of birth	Charles-Michel Mesaiger (7 March 1689 -- 7 August 1766) was a French Jesuit priest who spent some time in missionary work in present day Canada.	Charles-Michel Mesaiger	7 March 1689
date of birth	Wolf Heinrich von Baudissin or Bauditz (1579--1646) was a distinguished Protestant German cavalry commander who rose to the rank of field marshal during the Thirty Years' War.	Wolf Heinrich von Baudissin	1579
date of birth	Rafael Albuquerque (born April 12, 1981) is a Brazilian comic book creator primarily for his artwork on titles such as DC Comics' Blue Beetle and as illustrator and co-creator of American Vampire.	Rafael Albuquerque	1981
date of birth	Amalia Bakas (born Mazaltov (Mally) Matsa 1897-1979) was a Greek singer and performer in the United States during the 20th century.	Amalia Bakas	1897
date of birth	Bence Peter (Hungarian: Péter Bence; born 5 September 1991) is a Hungarian pianist, composer and sounddesigner.	Bence Peter	5 September 1991
date of birth	Mao Daolin (Chinese: 茅道林; Pinyin: Máo Dàolín; born 1963) is an internet tycoon.	Mao Daolin	1963
date of birth	Henry Grew (1781 -- August 8, 1862) was a Christian teacher and writer whose studies of the Bible led him to conclusions which were at odds with doctrines accepted by many of the mainstream churches of his time.	Henry Grew	1781
date of birth	Ross Stephens (born 28 May 1985) is a Welsh footballer who currently plays semi-professionally for Aberystwyth Town F.C. in the Welsh Premier League, having previously played professionally in the Football League for Shrewsbury Town.	Ross Stephens	28 May 1985
date of birth	Sir Noel Ashbridge (10 December 1889 -- 4 June 1975) was a British engineer who played a key role in the early technical development of the British Broadcasting Corporation.	Noel Ashbridge	10 December 1889
date of birth	Clive Dytor MC (born 1956) is headmaster of The Oratory School, Woodcote, near Reading, Berkshire, England.	Clive Dytor	1956
date of birth	Eric Minh Swenson (born 1971) is an American photographer, photojournalist and filmmaker, born in Honolulu, Hawaii, who focuses on Southern California artists and their art. Since 2011 he has created over 400 short films which document artists and their processes, as well as gallery and museum exhibitions.	Eric Minh Swenson	1971
date of birth	Damir Lesjak (born 31 March 1967) is a former Croatian footballer who played for Dinamo Zagreb, Israeli side Hapoel Haifa and Belgian club Mouscron.	Damir Lesjak	31 March 1967
date of birth	Ken Ono (born 20 March 1968) is a Japanese-American mathematician who specializes in number theory, especially in integer partitions, modular forms, and the fields of interest to Srinivasa Ramanujan.	Ken Ono	20 March 1968
date of birth	Laci Endresz Jr. (born 28 July 1974) is an English circus performer who performs as the circus clown Mooky the Clown.	Mooky the Clown	28 July 1974
date of birth	Ola Skjølaas (18 September 1941 -- 7 July 2006) was a Norwegian veterinarian, civil servant and politician for the Labour Party.	Ola Skjølaas	18 September 1941
date of birth	Trevor Keogh (born 26 July 1949) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League.	Trevor Keogh	26 July 1949
date of birth	George Arthur Forrest (born 1940) is a Belgian entrepreneur, owner of the Forrest Group (Groupe Forrest), a group of companies founded in the Belgian Congo in 1922 and active in wind power and hydroelectric energy, construction, mines and metallurgy, biological food and aviation.	George Arthur Forrest	1940
date of birth	Richard Bornat (born 1944), is a British author and researcher in the field of computer science.	Richard Bornat	1944
date of birth	Mia Rose (born Maria Antónia Teixeira Rosa; 26 January 1988) is an English-born singer-songwriter of Portuguese descent, notable for her popularity on the video sharing website YouTube.	Mia Rose	26 January 1988
date of birth	Simone Kues (born 8 November 1976) is a German 1.0 point national wheelchair basketball player who plays in the wheelchair basketball league for Hamburg SV.	Simone Kues	8 November 1976
date of birth	Emran Barakzai (born 29 November 1994) is an Afghan-Dutch football player who plays for DVS'33.	Emran Barakzai	29 November 1994
date of birth	Murray Melvin (born 10 August 1932) is an English stage and film actor noted for his work with Joan Littlewood, Ken Russell and Stanley Kubrick.	Murray Melvin	10 August 1932
date of birth	Willy Voet (born July 4, 1945) is a Belgian sports physiotherapist.	Willy Voet	1945
date of birth	Oleksiy Shumsky (Ukrainian: Олексій Шумський, also known as Alexei Shumski from Russian: Алексей Шумский; born 3 October 1990) is a Ukrainian ice dancer.	Oleksiy Shumsky	3 October 1990
date of birth	Matthew Edgar (born 28 August 1986) is an English professional darts player currently competing in Professional Darts Corporation along with regular appearances for Warwickshire County Darts in the English Premier League	Matthew Edgar	28 August 1986
date of birth	Colin Hillman (b. 4 May 1961; d. 2 July 2009) was a former Welsh rugby coach with the Wales National Sevens team.	Colin Hillman	4 May 1961
date of birth	Hamed Komeili (Persian: حامد کمیلی‎‎, born 5 July 1982) is an Iranian actor.	Hamed Komeili	5 July 1982
date of birth	Hans Holzer (26 January 1920 -- 26 April 2009) was an American paranormal researcher and author.	Hans Holzer	26 January 1920
date of birth	Alastair Donaldson (27 April 1955, in Edinburgh -- 18 June 2013, in Edinburgh) was a Scottish multi-instrumentalist, and was the bass guitar player for the Scottish punk/pop band The Rezillos, for whom he played under the stage name of William Mysterious.	Alastair Donaldson	27 April 1955
date of birth	Jesper Rönndahl (born 27 June 1979) is a Swedish stand-up comedian and radio personality.	Jesper Rönndahl	27 June 1979
date of birth	Paul Alexander Zino (9 February 1916 -- 3 March 2004) was a Portuguese ornithologist after whom Zino's petrel (Pterodroma madeira) is named.	Paul Alexander Zino	9 February 1916
date of birth	Soi Park ( 한국어: 박소영 born 1977 ) is a South Korean artist working with large-format photography.	Soi Park	1977
date of birth	Julia Beth Hood-Fromm (born 1979) is a beauty queen from Cleveland, Tennessee who has competed in the Miss USA and Miss America pageants.	Beth Hood	1979
date of birth	Samuel D. Hunter (born 1981) is an American playwright living in New York.	Samuel D. Hunter	1981
date of birth	Nurit Koren (Hebrew: נורית קורן‎, born 24 February 1960) is an Israeli lawyer and politician.	Nurit Koren	24 February 1960
date of birth	Thomas B. Allen (1928 -- November 8, 2004) was an American painter and illustrator known for a moody and expressionist style that pushed the boundaries of commercial art in the 1950s and 60s.	Thomas B. Allen	1928
date of birth	Pandi Laço (Born 21 March 1964 in Korçë) is an Albanian journalist, songwriter, presenter and scenarist.	Pandi Laço	21 March 1964
date of birth	Beth Chatto, OBE (born 27 June 1923), is a British plantswoman, garden designer and author best known for creating the Beth Chatto Gardens near Elmstead Market, in the English county of Essex.	Beth Chatto	27 June 1923
date of birth	Lois Collinder (born 1941) is an Australian actress, best known for playing gangly inmate Alice ``Lurch'' Jenkins in the television series Prisoner.	Lois Collinder	1941
date of birth	Marcelo Villaça Casares (born 14 December 1994), simply known as Marcelo, is a Spanish footballer who plays for CF Pobla de Mafumet mainly as a right back.	Marcelo Villaça	14 December 1994
date of birth	Yaniv Chichian (born 15 August 1979) is a former Israeli footballer currently playing his trade at Hapoel Kfar Saba.	Yaniv Chichian	15 August 1979
date of birth	Air Commodore Sir Egbert Cadbury DSC, DFC (1893--1967) was a First World War pilot who shot down two Zeppelins over the North Sea:	Egbert Cadbury	1893
date of birth	Hajj Dr Mohamed Ali al-Nasiri (born 1 July 1944) is an arabic journalist, author and academic based in the United Kingdom.	Mohamed Ali al-Nasiri	1 July 1944
date of birth	Cavan Clerkin (born 28 November 1973) is a British television actor and writer.	Cavan Clerkin	28 November 1973
date of birth	Josiah Dent (1817--1899) was the third president of the Board of Commissioners of the District of Columbia, serving from 1879 to 1882.	Josiah Dent	1817
date of birth	Henrik Ripa (born 14 May 1968) is a Swedish politician (Moderaterna) and Member of the Swedish Parliament since 2010.	Henrik Ripa	14 May 1968
date of birth	Marija Šimanska was born on 23 April 1922 Daugavpils, Latvia to Polish parents.	Marija Šimanska	23 April 1922
date of birth	Shen Jian (Chinese: 沈劍; born 1975) is a Chinese gymnast.	Shen Jian	1975
date of birth	Zhang Hanyun (born 9 April 1989), also known as Baby Zhang or Kristy Zhang, is a Chinese singer.	Baby Zhang	9 April 1989
date of birth	Karen Dunbar (born 1 April 1971 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a comedian and entertainer.	Karen Dunbar	1 April 1971
date of birth	Hong Ki-myung (born 1959), also known as Kim Hong, is a South Korean financier.	Hong Ki-myung	1959
date of birth	John G. Adams (23 March 1912 -- 26 June 2003) was the US Army's counsel in the Army-McCarthy Hearings.	John G. Adams	23 March 1912
date of birth	Paul Millett (born 1954) is a British classicist and academic.	Paul Millett	1954
date of birth	Linda Fabiani (born 14 December 1956 in Glasgow) is a Scottish politician, with Italian origins.	Linda Fabiani	14 December 1956
date of birth	Néstor Meza (1913--1993) was a Chilean historian who received the National Prize for History in 1980.	Néstor Meza	1913
date of birth	Sir George Burns, 1st Baronet (10 December 1795 -- 2 June 1890) was a Scottish shipping magnate.	Sir George Burns, 1st Baronet	10 December 1795
date of birth	Kazys Almenas (b. 11 April 1935, Gruzdžiai, Šiauliai County, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian physicist, writer, essayist, and publisher.	Kazys Almenas	11 April 1935
date of birth	Ann-Sophie Qvarnström (born 26 July 1958) is a Swedish illustrator and silversmith best known for the maps she made for the Swedish role-playing (``RPG'') community during the 1980s.	Ann-Sophie Qvarnström	26 July 1958
date of birth	Herman Gvardjančič (born 21 October 1943, in Gorenja vas, Škofja Loka), is a Slovene painter.	Herman Gvardjančič	21 October 1943
date of birth	Philip II of Daun-Oberstein (German: Philipp II von Daun-Oberstein) (1463--1515) was the Archbishop-Elector of Cologne from 1508 until 1515.	Philip II of Daun-Oberstein	1463
date of birth	Milan Emil Uzelac (26 August 1867 - 7 January 1954) was soldier and military commander who was a leading figure in the air forces of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, Kingdom of Yugoslavia and the Independent State of Croatia.	Milan Emil Uzelac	26 August 1867
date of birth	Jean-Christophe Baillie (/ˈbɑːi/; born 28 April 1974) is a French scientist and entrepreneur.	Jean-Christophe Baillie	28 April 1974
date of birth	(Amos) Henry Chilver, Baron Chilver FRS FREng (30 October 1926 -- 8 July 2012) was a British engineer and politician.	Henry Chilver, Baron Chilver	30 October 1926
date of birth	Anas Al-Sheghri (Arabic: أنس الشغري‎; born 1988) was a leading activist in the protests in the beginning of the Syrian Civil War.	Anas Al-Sheghri	1988
date of birth	Kieran Hebden (born 1978), best known by the stage name Four Tet, is an English post-rock and electronic musician.	Four Tet	1978
date of birth	Colin Murray Parkes (born 1928) is a British psychiatrist and the author of numerous books and publications on grief.	Colin Murray Parkes	1928
date of birth	Seán Brett (born 1967) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a left corner-forward for the Tipperary senior team.	Seán Brett	1967
date of birth	Fantan Mojah (born Owen Moncrieffe 5 August 1975), is a Jamaican reggae singer.	Fantan Mojah	5 August 1975
date of birth	Rhys Sharpe (born 17 October 1994) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays for Notts County.	Rhys Sharpe	17 October 1994
date of birth	Pip Lamb (born 11 February 1959 in Hereford, England) is a former motorcycle speedway rider in National League (speedway) He started his career as an Oxford Cheetah and is most associated with that club.	Pip Lamb	11 February 1959
date of birth	Massimo Faggioli (born 1970) is a Church historian, Associate Professor in the Department of Theology and Director of the Institute for Catholicism and Citizenship at the University of St. Thomas, St. Paul, Minnesota.	Massimo Faggioli	1970
date of birth	Pietro Iemmello (born 6 March 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays as an striker for Foggia.	Pietro Iemmello	6 March 1992
date of birth	Raja Mannargudi Mahamahopadhyaya Thyagaraja Mahi Raju Sastrigal (28 May 1815 -- 4 March 1903), also known as Mannargudi Raju Sastri or Mannargudi Periyaval, was a Hindu scholar.	Mannargudi Raju Sastri	1815
date of birth	Lloyd Mondory (born 26 April 1982) is a French professional road bicycle racer who has raced for UCI WorldTeam AG2R La Mondiale throughout his career.	Lloyd Mondory	26 April 1982
date of birth	Lulu Wang (Chinese: 王露露; pinyin: Wáng Lùlù; born 22 December 1960) is a Chinese-born writer who has lived in the Netherlands since 1986.	Lulu Wang	22 December 1960
date of birth	Allen Spraggett (born 1932) is a Canadian writer and broadcaster, known for his works concerning the paranormal.	Allen Spraggett	1932
date of birth	Koen Barbé (born 20 January 1981) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2004 and 2013, for the Topsport Vlaanderen and Crelan-Euphony teams.	Koen Barbé	20 January 1981
date of birth	Louise Aitken-Walker MBE (born January 1960, Duns, Berwickshire) is a British rally and saloon car racing driver.	Louise Aitken-Walker	1960
date of birth	Suzanne Elder (née Lagershausen; born 1961) is a Chicago community activist who has worked on school, health care, and community issues.	Suzanne Elder	1961
date of birth	Thomas Tesdale (1547--1610) was an English maltster, benefactor of the town of Abingdon in the English county of Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) and the primary founding benefactor of Pembroke College, Oxford.	Thomas Tesdale	1547
date of birth	Norah Wilmot (1889--1980) was the first British woman racehorse trainer to officially train a winning horse.	Norah Wilmot	1889
date of birth	Ian Mortimer (born 13 March 1983) is a Canadian sprint canoer who has competed in the World Canoe Championships and trains with the sprint canoe national team of Canada.	Ian Mortimer	13 March 1983
date of birth	Gary Peller (born 1955) is Professor of Law at Georgetown University Law Center and a prominent member of the critical legal studies and critical race theory movements.	Gary Peller	1955
date of birth	Huang Xiaowei (Chinese: 黄晓薇; born May 1961) is a Chinese politician currently serving as the Secretary of Discipline Inspection of Shanxi Province in central China.	Huang Xiaowei	1961
date of birth	Anubrata Basu (born 5 October 1989 in Calcutta), is a Bengali film actor.	Anubrata Basu	5 October 1989
date of birth	Friedrich Christian Flick (born 19 September 1944 in Sulzbach-Rosenberg, Oberpfalz), also known as Mick Flick, is a German-Swiss art collector.	Friedrich Christian Flick	19 September 1944
date of birth	Konstantin Pavlyuchenko (Russian: Константин Павлюченко; born 11 January 1971) is a retired Kazakhstani professional footballer who also holds Ukrainian citizenship.	Konstantin Pavlyuchenko	11 January 1971
date of birth	Simon Pleasance (born 1944) is an Anglo-French art translator and writer.	Simon Pleasance	1944
date of birth	Myron Mathisson (1897--1940) was a theoretical physicist of Polish and Jewish descent.	Myron Mathisson	1897
date of birth	Kushtrim Munishi (Serbo-Croat: Kuštrim Muniši) (born 17 March 1973 in Pristina) is a retired Kosovar Albanian football player.	Kushtrim Munishi	17 March 1973
date of birth	Gerald Johnston (21 June 1891 -- 30 December 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Gerald Johnston	21 June 1891
date of birth	William Melling (born 30 November 1994) is a British actor, most known for his roles in Vanity Fair and the Harry Potter film series.	William Melling	30 November 1994
date of birth	Richard Brett (1567--1637) was an English clergyman and academic.	Richard Brett	1567
date of birth	1575 Born, Southwark 1608 Died, Tyburn 1929 Beatified (i.e., the first step to canonisation) 1970 Canonised, by Pope Paul VI (canonised, i.e., declared a saint) 1 December, Saint Thomas Garnet's memorial Day 25 October, Feast Day of the Forty Martyrs of England and Wales	Thomas Garnet	1575
date of birth	Kim Kahana, Sr. (born 1930) is an American actor, stunt performer and action choreographer of Hawaiian and Japanese descent.	Kim Kahana	1930
date of birth	Darragh Morgan was born in Belfast in 1974, and is one of London's most sought after interpreters of new music.	Darragh Morgan	1974
date of birth	Someshvara I (IAST: Someśvara; r. c. 1042 -- 1068)) was a notable king of the Western Chalukyas.	Someshvara I	1042
date of birth	Rita Mae Brown (born 28 November 1944) is an American writer and feminist.	Rita Mae Brown	28 November 1944
date of birth	Jean-Simon Berthélemy (5 March 1743 -- 1 March 1811) was a French history painter who was commissioned to paint allegorical ceilings for the Palais du Louvre, the Luxembourg Palace and others, in a conservative Late Baroque-Rococo manner only somewhat affected by Neoclassicism.	Jean-Simon Berthélemy	5 March 1743
date of birth	Gao Xiaoyan (Chinese: 高小燕; pinyin: Gāo Xiǎoyàn; born 1957) is a disgraced major general (shao jiang) in the People's Liberation Army of China.	Gao Xiaoyan	1957
date of birth	Bobi Sourander (1928--2008) was a Finnish-Swedish author and journalist covering stories in Latin america from 1969 to 1974.	Bobi Sourander	1928
date of birth	Lefteris Poulios (Greek: Λευτέρης Πούλιος; born 1944) is a Greek poet.	Lefteris Poulios	1944
date of birth	Wilfred Emmanuel-Jones (born 7 November 1957) is a British businessman, farmer, and founder of ``The Black Farmer'' range of food products.	Wilfred Emmanuel-Jones	7 November 1957
date of birth	Léon Wurmser (German: (ˈvʊrmzɐ); born 31 January 1931, Zurich) is a Swiss psychoanalyst, now Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at West Virginia University and a training and supervising analyst of the New York Freudian Society.	Léon Wurmser	31 January 1931
date of birth	Thushara Weerasuriya (born 29 November 1967) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Colts Cricket Club.	Thushara Weerasuriya	29 November 1967
date of birth	John Frederick Goddard (1795--1866) was an English chemist who made important contributions to the early development of photography, in particular in his work for Richard Beard.	John Frederick Goddard	1795
date of birth	Johan Edin (born 9 February 1987) is a Swedish cross country skier and ski orienteering competitor.	Johan Edin	9 February 1987
date of birth	Donald Angus Beaton (1912--1981) was a blacksmith and a fiddler.	Donald Angus Beaton	1912
date of birth	Frank Dunell (born 17 March 1958) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Essendon Bombers and the Brisbane Bears in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Frank Dunell	17 March 1958
date of birth	Claire Ruiz Hartell (born 28 November 1997) also known for her screen name Claire Ruiz is an Australian-Filipino actress and model, best known for her roles in the television series Be Careful with my Heart as Joey Acosta, Beki Boxer as Venus, and in Kapitan Awesome as Claire Net.	Claire Ruiz	28 November 1997
date of birth	Francesco Renzetti (born 22 January 1988) is a Monegasque-born Italian footballer.	Francesco Renzetti	22 January 1988
date of birth	Sri Ranga Jeyaratnam (Tamil: சிறீ ரங்கா ஜெயரத்தினம்; born 22 January 1971) is a Sri Lankan Tamil broadcaster, politician and former Member of Parliament.	Sri Ranga Jeyaratnam	1971
date of birth	Pope John XI (Latin: Ioannes XI; 910 -- December 935) was Pope from March 931 (at the age of 20) to his death in 935.	Pope John XI	910
date of birth	Moshe Kol (Hebrew: משה קול‎‎, born Moshe Kolodny on 28 May 1911, died 7 July 1989) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician and one of the signatories of the Israeli declaration of independence.	Moshe Kol	28 May 1911
date of birth	Tadeusz Rychter (c. 1873 in Lviv -- 1943 in Warsaw) was a Polish early twentieth-century artist best remembered for his watercolors of the Holy Land.	Tadeusz Rychter	1873
date of birth	Domhnall O'Donovan (born 29 April 1988) is an Irish hurler who plays as a right corner-back for the Clare senior team.	Domhnall O'Donovan	29 April 1988
date of birth	Natasha Palha (17 January 1994) is an Indian Tennis Player.She was the Indian National Grass Courts Tennis champion in 2014.	Natasha Palha	17 January 1994
date of birth	Matěj Kůs (born 11 July 1989, in Plzeň, Czech Republic) is an international motorcycle speedway rider who has raced with the Berwick Bandits and Redcar Bears in the British Premier League in 2007.	Matěj Kůs	11 July 1989
date of birth	Omar McFarlane (born 4 April 1983) is a Jamaican soccer player, currently without a club.	Omar McFarlane	4 April 1983
date of birth	Ronald Ssemanda (born 15 December 1988) is a Ugandan cricketer who made his competitive debut for the Ugandan national side at the 2007 WCL Division Three tournament.	Ronald Ssemanda	15 December 1988
date of birth	Piers Brendon (born 21 December 1940, Stratton. Cornwall) is a British writer, known for historical and biographical works.	Piers Brendon	21 December 1940
date of birth	Vazgen Azrojan (born 22 January 1977) is a retired Armenian ice dancer.	Vazgen Azrojan	22 January 1977
date of birth	Sir Herbert Charles Pereira FRS, tropical hydrologist, was born on May 12, 1913 in London.	Charles Pereira	1913
date of birth	Appu Kuttan (born 1941, Kerala, India), is an Indian American philanthropist, consultant, author and the founder and chairman of the National Education Foundation (NEF), a global non-profit organization.	Appu Kuttan	1941
date of birth	Pjetër Mazreku or Peter Masarechi or Petar Masarechi (1584-16??) (Italian: Pietro Massarecchi, Latin: Petrus Massarecchius) was an Albanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Pjetër Mazreku	1584
date of birth	Troy Sachs, OAM (born 3 December 1975) is an Australian wheelchair basketball player.	Troy Sachs	3 December 1975
date of birth	Aliona Munteanu (born 25 May 1989) known better as Aliona Moon is a Moldovan singer.	Aliona Moon	25 May 1989
date of birth	Nathan Sivin (born 11 May 1931), also known as Xiwen (Chinese: 席文), is an American author, scholar, sinologist, historian, essayist, and currently professor emeritus at the University of Pennsylvania.	Nathan Sivin	11 May 1931
date of birth	Anil Prakash Joshi was born on 6 April 1955 at Kotdwar, in Pauri Garhwal district, in the present day Uttarakhand state of India in a family of farmers and secured a master's degree in botany and a doctoral degree in ecology.	Anil Prakash Joshi	6 April 1955
date of birth	Pierre Dumage (du Mage) (baptized 23 November 1674 -- 2 October 1751) was a French Baroque organist and composer.	Pierre Dumage	23 November 1674
date of birth	Ariël Jacobs (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈaː.ri.ˌjɛɫ ˈjaː.kɔps); born 25 July 1953) is a Belgian former footballer last manager of Ligue 1 side Valenciennes FC	Ariël Jacobs	25 July 1953
date of birth	Antoni Zdanowski (1895--1948) was a Polish social and union activist, and also an editor of Robotniczy Przegląd Gospodarczy.	Antoni Zdanowski	1895
date of birth	Ann-Mari Lindberg (born 1935) is a Finnish writer writing in Swedish who has published an autobiographical or autofictional trilogy consisting of the books Kraschen (Söderströms 1996), Chansen (Söderströms 1998) and Revanschen (Söderströms 2000).	Ann-Mari Lindberg	1935
date of birth	Glenn Patterson (born 1961) is a writer from Belfast, best known as a novelist.	Glenn Patterson	1961
date of birth	Arnaud Gonzalez (born 24 August 1977) is a retired French professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Arnaud Gonzalez	24 August 1977
date of birth	Lulu Hunt Peters (1873--1930) was an American doctor and author who wrote a featured newspaper column entitled Diet and Health, which she followed up with a best-selling book, Diet & Health:	Lulu Hunt Peters	1873
date of birth	Dorree Lynn, Ph.D. (born 1941) Psychologist for close to four decades and life coach in Washington, D.C. and Florida as well as an author and media expert on aging and life over fifty.	Dorree Lynn	1941
date of birth	Michael Duignan (born 21 February 1968 in Banagher, County Offaly) is a retired Irish hurling manager and former dual player.	Michael Duignan	21 February 1968
date of birth	Dr Ali Ahmed S Kazi (1896--1970) was one of the few physicians when Sindh was created as a province in British India in 1936.	Ali Ahmed S Kazi	1896
date of birth	Frieder Bernius (born 22 June 1947) is a German conductor, the founder and director of the chamber choir Kammerchor Stuttgart, founded in 1968.	Frieder Bernius	22 June 1947
date of birth	Romeo Bégin (born 12 December 1895, date of death unknown) was an Ontario political figure.	Romeo Bégin	12 December 1895
date of birth	Francesco Paolo Bontade (1914 -- February 25, 1974), also known as Don Paolino Bonta, was a legendary and powerful member of the Sicilan Mafia.	Francesco Paolo Bontade	1914
date of birth	Alan Mathews (born 27 June 1965) is an Irish football manager of Athlone Town.	Alan Mathews	27 June 1965
date of birth	Somporn Saekhow (1940 - August 20, 2002, Thai สมพร แซ่โค้ว) was a farmer from Kanchanadit, Surat Thani Province, Thailand, who became famous as a monkey teacher.	Somporn Saekhow	1940
date of birth	Ashu Kasim Rabo (born 20 October 1984) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialises in the half marathon and marathon events.	Ashu Kasim	20 October 1984
date of birth	William Stephanus Havenga (6 November 1924 -- 12 December 2008), commonly known as Billy or Willie Havenga, was a South African professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham City, Luton Town and Ipswich Town.	Willie Havenga	6 November 1924
date of birth	Stuart Mangin (born 8 February 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Stuart Mangin	8 February 1977
date of birth	Mike Dierickx (born 20 February 1973), formerly known as Dirk Dierickx, and most commonly recognized under the aliases M.I.K.E. Push or Plastic Boy, is a Belgian DJ. Best known for the song ``Universal Nation'', he has also released other singles including ``The Legacy'' and ``Strange World''.	Mike Dierickx	20 February 1973
date of birth	Richard Ong (born 1965) is a Malaysian investment banker and businessman.	Richard Ong	1965
date of birth	Vairamuthu (born Vairamuthu Ramaswamy on 13 July 1953) is a Tamil poet and lyricist.	Vairamuthu	13 July 1953
date of birth	Thor Helland (born 10 December 1936 in Sørfold, Nordland) was a Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres.	Thor Helland	10 December 1936
date of birth	Slađana Božović (Serbian Cyrillic: Слађана Божовић, born c. 1980) is a Swedish-born Serbian beauty pageant.	Slađana Božović	1980
date of birth	Alexios IV Angelos or Alexius IV Angelus (Greek: Αλέξιος Δ' Άγγελος) (c. 1182 -- February 8, 1204) was Byzantine Emperor from August 1203 to January 1204.	Alexios IV Angelos	1182
date of birth	Andres Salumets (born 19 May 1971 in Jõhvi) is an Estonian biologist and biochemist, currently the Professor of Reproductive Medicine at the University of Tartu.	Andres Salumets	19 May 1971
date of birth	Aryan Kaganof (born 1964 as Ian Kerkhof) is a South African film maker, novelist, poet and fine artist.	Aryan Kaganof	1964
date of birth	Joseph ``Joey'' Magliano (July 1969 -- October 15, 2006), better known by the ring name ``Jumping'' Joey Maggs, was an American professional wrestler.	Joey Maggs	1969
date of birth	Daniel Levin Becker (born in 1984 in Chicago) is an American writer, translator and musical critic.	Daniel Levin Becker	1984
date of birth	Levi Fragell (born 30 March 1939) is a Norwegian humanist.	Levi Fragell	30 March 1939
date of birth	Barratt Waugh (born August 1979, Swindon, Wiltshire) is a British countertenor singer.	Barratt Waugh	1979
date of birth	Roza Miletić (born 1934), better known as Teta Roza (lit. Aunt Roza), is a veteran of the Croatian War of Independence known for capturing a tank and a Yugoslav pilot.	Roza Miletić	1934
date of birth	Cristian Zaccardo, Ufficiale OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkristjan dzakˈkardo), born 21 December 1981) is an Italian footballer who plays as a centre back for Serie A club Carpi, although he is also capable of playing as a fullback or in midfield.	Cristian Zaccardo	21 December 1981
date of birth	Professor David L. Heymann, MD (born 1946 in Pennsylvania, USA) was appointed Chairman of the Board of the UK Health Protection Agency (HPA) in April 2009.	David L. Heymann	1946
date of birth	Bessie Margolin (1909 - June 19, 1996) was a U.S. Department of Labor attorney from 1939 until 1972, arguing numerous cases before the Supreme Court.	Bessie Margolin	1909
date of birth	Shakuntala Nayar (born 1926) is an Indian politician who was a member of Lok Sabha.	Shakuntala Nayar	1926
date of birth	Colin Monk (born 29 September 1967 in Lewisham) was an English darts player who competed in Professional Darts Corporation events and formerly played in British Darts Organisation events.	Colin Monk	29 September 1967
date of birth	Óscar García Junyent (born 26 April 1973), known simply as Óscar as a player, is a Spanish retired footballer, and the current manager of Austrian club FC Red Bull Salzburg.	Óscar García Junyent	26 April 1973
date of birth	Malika Domrane (Tizi Hibel, 12 March 1956) is an Algerian singer, originally from Kabylie.	Malika Domrane	12 March 1956
date of birth	Johann Heß (or Hess) (23 September 1490 -- 5 January 1547) was a German Lutheran theologian and Protestant Reformer of Breslau (Wroclaw).	Johann Heß	23 September 1490
date of birth	Rav Nitzav Yohanan Danino (Hebrew: יוחנן דנינו‎; born 1959) is an Israeli police officer who has served since May 1, 2011 until June 30, 2015 as the 17th chief of the Israel Police.	Yohanan Danino	1959
date of birth	Mayer Hillman (born London, 1931) is a Senior Fellow Emeritus since 1992 at the Policy Studies Institute, University of Westminster where he worked for at least thirty years.	Mayer Hillman	1931
date of birth	William Snatt (1645 -- 1721) was an English nonjuring clergyman, who came to prominence after a failed Jacobite plot.	William Snatt	1645
date of birth	Becky Lee (Chinese: 李璧琦, born 11 August 1978) is a Hong Kong TVB actress and host.	Becky Lee	11 August 1978
date of birth	Alair de Souza Camargo Júnior, or simply Alair (born 27 January 1982) is a Brazilian football player.	Alair de Souza Camargo Júnior	27 January 1982
date of birth	Evan Gulbis (born 20 March 1986) is an Australian cricketer who plays for the Tasmania cricket team in Australian domestic cricket competitions.	Evan Gulbis	20 March 1986
date of birth	Miriam González Durántez (born 31 May 1968) is a Spanish lawyer and partner of international legal practice at Dechert.	Miriam González Durántez	31 May 1968
date of birth	Ras Darge Sahle Selassie (1830 -- 23 March 1900) was an Ethiopian prince.	Darge Sahle Selassie	1830
date of birth	Marco Vichi (born 20 November 1957) is an Italian novelist and short story writer who has also edited a number of crime anthologies.	Marco Vichi	20 November 1957
date of birth	Zdenka Žebre (born 15 November 1920) is a Slovene writer, best known for her books with an African theme.	Zdenka Žebre	15 November 1920
date of birth	Stewart Beards (born 15 August 1967) is retired English professional footballer.	Stewart Beards	15 August 1967
date of birth	Walter P. Lomax, Jr. (1933 - October 10, 2013) was a medical practitioner in Philadelphia neighborhood where he served for more than three decades.	Walter P. Lomax, Jr.	1933
date of birth	Aroon Tikekar or Aruṇa Ṭikekara (born 1 February 1944 - Died 19th January 2016) is an Indian scholar and authority on Mumbai, as well as a journalist.	Aroon Tikekar	1 February 1944
date of birth	Chris Cochrane (born 18 December 1988) is an Irish professional rugby union player for Ulster Rugby.His favored position is wing.	Chris Cochrane	18 December 1988
date of birth	Rouba was born in Zahle, Lebanon on 22 May 1975 to father Maurice Zeidan, a businessman; and mother Salwa Zeidan, an artist and galleryholder.	Rouba	22 May 1975
date of birth	Dr. John Stanley Terrington (28 December 1903 - 1987) was a British civil engineer known for his writings on the use of concrete in construction in the mid twentieth century.	John Stanley Terrington	28 December 1903
date of birth	Bernard Garfield (May 27, 1924 - ) is an American bassoonist, composer, teacher, and recording artist.	Bernard Garfield	1924
date of birth	Emine Çaykara (born 1964) is Turkish writer and historian.	Emine Çaykara	1964
date of birth	Felix Francis (born 1953) is a British crime writer who is Dick Francis's younger son.	Felix Francis	1953
date of birth	Hjalmar Borgstrøm (23 March 1864 -- 5 July 1925) was a Norwegian composer and music critic who played a prominent role in the musical life of his country in the first quarter of the 20th century.	Hjalmar Borgstrøm	23 March 1864
date of birth	Vikram Raj Vir Singh (born 17 September 1984), commonly known as V. R. V. Singh, is an Indian cricketer who has been a member of the Indian cricket team since April 2006.	V. R. V. Singh	17 September 1984
date of birth	Robert Zend (1929 - 1985) was a Hungarian-Canadian poet, fiction writer, and multi-media artist.	Robert Zend	1929
date of birth	William McNally VC, MM and Bar (16 December 1894 -- 5 January 1976) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	William McNally	16 December 1894
date of birth	Patricia Barbizet (born 17 April 1955) is a prominent figure in the French business world.	Patricia Barbizet	17 April 1955
date of birth	Ethan Rubinstein (born 1941, died January 29, 2015) was an Israeli-Canadian doctor and academic.	Ethan Rubinstein	1941
date of birth	Baruch Lumet (Burech Lumet; 16 September 1898 -- 8 February 1992) was a Polish Jewish actor best known for his work in the Yiddish theatre.	Baruch Lumet	16 September 1898
date of birth	Aleksei Fedorovich Filippov (Russian: Алексей Фёдорович Филиппов; 29 September 1923 -- 10 October 2006) was a Russian mathematician, who worked on differential equations, differential inclusions, diffraction theory, and numerical methods.	Aleksei Fedorovich Filippov	29 September 1923
date of birth	Mercia MacDermott (Bulgarian: Мерсия Макдермот; born 7 April 1927) is an English writer and historian.	Mercia MacDermott	7 April 1927
date of birth	Matild Manukyan (1914 - February 17, 2001) was a wealthy Turkish businesswoman of Armenian descent.	Matild Manukyan	1914
date of birth	Tarek Mostafa (Arabic: طارق مصطفى‎) (born 1 April 1971) is a retired Egyptian footballer.	Tarek Mostafa	1 April 1971
date of birth	Paul Dijoud (born 25 June 1938) is an ex-minister of state for Monaco.	Paul Dijoud	25 June 1938
date of birth	Jessé de Forest (1576 -- October 22, 1624) was the leader of a group of Walloon Huguenots who fled Europe due to religious persecutions.	Jessé de Forest	1576
date of birth	Gonzala Aurora Bretón Gómez (10 January 1950 -- 27 May 2014) was a Mexican archer who represented her country in four Olympic games (1972, 1984, 1988 and 1992); won two silver and five broze medals in Pan American Games and eight gold and two silver medals in Central American and Caribbean Games.	Aurora Bretón	10 January 1950
date of birth	Andy Platt (born 9 October 1963 in Billinge, Lancashire) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s.	Andy Platt	9 October 1963
date of birth	Robert Byrne (born 15 April 1987 in Tallaght, Dublin), better known by his stage name Nucentz, also known as Nu-Centz or Nuie, is an Irish rapper.	Nucentz	15 April 1987
date of birth	Ganesh Prasad (15 November 1876 -- 9 March 1935) was an Indian mathematician who specialised in the theory of potentials, theory of functions of a real variable, Fourier series and the theory of surfaces.	Ganesh Prasad	15 November 1876
date of birth	Nigel Edwards (born 31 December 1950) is a Welsh former footballer who played as a full back.	Nigel Edwards	31 December 1950
date of birth	Craig Frawley (born 19 August 1980) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s.	Craig Frawley	19 August 1980
date of birth	Quiara Alegría Hudes (born 1977) is an American playwright and composer best known for writing the book for the musical In the Heights.	Quiara Alegría Hudes	1977
date of birth	Shefali Chowdhury (Bengali: শেফালী চৌধুরী; born 20 June 1988) is a British actress of Bangladeshi descent best known for playing the role of Parvati Patil in the Harry Potter film series, except for Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (2004), in which the character is played by Sitara Shah.	Shefali Chowdhury	20 June 1988
date of birth	Bartolommeo Ardy (Saluzzo, 1821- July 1, 1887) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes of the Piedmont and Alpine regions.	Bartolommeo Ardy	1821
date of birth	Franz Sedlacek was born in Breslau on 21 January 1891, and moved with his family to Linz in 1897.	Franz Sedlacek	21 January 1891
date of birth	Denise Posse-Blanco Lindberg (born 1951) is a district court judge of the 3rd judicial district of Utah.	Denise Posse-Blanco Lindberg	1951
date of birth	Abubakar Hamza (born 1985) is a Nigerian cross-dresser who spent 7 years dressed as a woman and selling aphrodisiacs.	Abubakar Hamza	1985
date of birth	Regina Rheda (1957) is a Brazilian-born writer who lives in the United States.	Regina Rheda	1957
date of birth	``Sermkhun Kunawong'' was born on July 5, 1960 in Nakornsawan, Thailand.	Sermkhun Kunawong	1960
date of birth	Goga Sekulić (Serbian Cyrillic: Гога Секулић; born 27 February 1977) is a Serbian turbo-folk singer that has released eleven albums since 2000.	Goga Sekulić	27 February 1977
date of birth	Yin Chengxin (Chinese: 尹成昕, born 5 February 1995 in Wuhan) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.	Yin Chengxin	5 February 1995
date of birth	Rory MacGregor (born 2 August 1976) is a British actor, who has played a variety of roles on television, generally in the 2000s.	Rory MacGregor	2 August 1976
date of birth	Mildred Constantine Bettelheim (1913 -- December 10, 2008) was an American curator who helped bring attention to the posters and other graphic design in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art in the 1950s and 1960s Constantine (she used her maiden name professionally) was born in 1913 in Brooklyn, New York.	Mildred Constantine	1913
date of birth	Joseph Cange (Saarbourg, 19 September 1753 - ?) was a minor figure of the French Revolution.	Joseph Cange	19 September 1753
date of birth	Axel van Lamsweerde (born 1947) is a Belgian computer scientist and Professor of Computing Science at the Universite catholique de Louvain, known for his work on requirements engineering and the development of the KAOS goal-oriented modeling language.	Axel van Lamsweerde	1947
date of birth	Dennis Buschening (born 2 March 1991) is a German-Thai professional footballer currently plays for Siam Navy in Thai Premier League.	Dennis Buschening	2 March 1991
date of birth	James Eric Drummond, 7th Earl of Perth GCMG, CB (17 August 1876 -- 15 December 1951) was a British politician and diplomat as well as the first Secretary-General of the League of Nations (LN) (1920--1933).	Eric Drummond, 7th Earl of Perth	17 August 1876
date of birth	Rajni Kumar (born 5 March, 1923) is a British-born Indian educationist and the founder of Springdales Group of Schools.	Rajni Kumar	5 March, 1923
date of birth	Chris Simmers (born 17 October 1969 in Scotland) is a Scottish former rugby union player.	Chris Simmers	17 October 1969
date of birth	Darren Forsyth (born 21 January 1988), is an Irish footballer who plays for Warrenpoint Town in the NIFL Premiership.	Darren Forsyth	21 January 1988
date of birth	Nigel Rodgers (born 1952) is a British writer, environmentalist and critic.	Nigel Rodgers	1952
date of birth	Erik Lindbergh (born 1965) is an aviator, a promoter of space tourism, and an artist.	Erik Lindbergh	1965
date of birth	Ioan Condruc (born 19 April 1951) is a Romanian former football player, who played for FC Baia Mare, UTA Arad and U Cluj.	Ioan Condruc	19 April 1951
date of birth	Carl Christian Nicolaj Balle (1806--1855) was a Danish composer and editor of church music; he is noted for his Christmas compositions, including the hymn tune ``Det kimer nu til julefest''.	Carl Christian Nicolaj Balle	1806
date of birth	Paul Galloway (1934 -- February 2, 2009) was an American newspaper reporter, columnist and storyteller who wrote for both the Chicago Sun-Times and the Chicago Tribune.	Paul Galloway	1934
date of birth	Bravig Imbs was born in 1904 in Milwaukee to Norwegian-American parents.	Bravig Imbs	1904
date of birth	Heikki Kuula (born 27 January 1983) is a Finnish rapper, record producer and graphic designer.	Heikki Kuula	27 January 1983
date of birth	Ivi Adamou (Greek: Ήβη Αδάμου, pronounced (ˈivi aˈðamu); born 24 November 1993) is a Greek Cypriot singer.	Ivi Adamou	24 November 1993
date of birth	Yang Shanping (simplified Chinese: 杨善平; traditional Chinese: 楊善平; pinyin: Yáng Shànpíng; born 28 October 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Liaoning Whowin in the Chinese Super League.	Yang Shanping	28 October 1987
date of birth	Amice Calverley (9 April 1896 - 10 April 1959) was a 20th-century Egyptologist who was instrumental to the recording and publication of the decoration in the temple of King Sethos I at Abydos.	Amice Calverley	9 April 1896
date of birth	Shantha Rangaswamy, also known as Shanta Rangaswamy, (born 1 January 1954 in Madras) is an Indian cricketer.	Shantha Rangaswamy	1 January 1954
date of birth	Albert Ndele (born 15 August 1930) is a Congolese former politician and banker.	Albert Ndele	15 August 1930
date of birth	Chris Cuthbert (born 1957) is currently a Canadian play-by-play sportscaster for Bell Media's TSN cable network, and for the American television network NBC on NHL on NBC.	Chris Cuthbert	1957
date of birth	Eli Wilner (born 1956) is proprietor of Eli Wilner & Company, a New York art gallery specializing in American and European period frames from the 19th through the early 20th century.	Eli Wilner	1956
date of birth	Cornelis Johannes DuPreez Strauss (born 7 June 1978) is a South African music director, TV, theatre and radio producer, composer, lyricist, writer, casting director, orchestra conductor and TV personality.	DuPreez Strauss	7 June 1978
date of birth	Mitchell Schet (born 28 January 1988) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a right winger who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club Trenčín.	Mitchell Schet	28 January 1988
date of birth	Professor Dr Karla Pollmann (1963) is a professor of Classics researching in the areas of Classical to Late Antiquity, patristics, the history of exegesis and hermeneutics, and the thought of Augustine of Hippo and its reception.	Karla Pollmann	1963
date of birth	Orhan Çıkırıkçı (born 15 April 1967) is a retired Turkish football (soccer) striker.	Orhan Çıkırıkçı	15 April 1967
date of birth	Jane Relf (born 7 March 1947) is a British singer and the younger sister of Keith Relf of the Yardbirds.	Jane Relf	7 March 1947
date of birth	Leandro da Silva (born 22 September 1988), commonly known as Leandro Silva or simply Leandro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense as a right back.	Leandro Silva	22 September 1988
date of birth	Augustus De Morgan (/dɪ ˈmɔrɡən/; 27 June 1806 -- 18 March 1871) was a British mathematician and logician.	Augustus De Morgan	27 June 1806
date of birth	Thomas Tregenna Biddulph (1763--1838) was an English cleric, a leading evangelical in the Bristol area.	Thomas Tregenna Biddulph	1763
date of birth	Mikheil Ashvetia (Georgian: მიხეილ აშვეთია; born 10 November 1977) is a Georgian former footballer.	Mikheil Ashvetia	10 November 1977
date of birth	Krasimir Radkov - Krasi Radkov (Bulgarian: Красимир Радков - Краси Радков, born 24 April 1971 in Vratza) is a Bulgarian comedy actor who performs on television and at the theatre.	Krasimir Radkov	1971
date of birth	Hermann Julius Grüneberg (11 April 1827 -- 7 June 1894) was a German chemist and inventor, and together with Julius Vorster the founder of the Chemische Fabrik Kalk.	Hermann Julius Grüneberg	11 April 1827
date of birth	Ambrose Evans-Pritchard (born 7 December 1957) is the international business editor of the Daily Telegraph.	Ambrose Evans-Pritchard	7 December 1957
date of birth	Wu Pao-chun (Chinese: 吳寶春; pinyin: Wú Bǎochūn, born 5 September 1970), is a Taiwanese baker best known for winning the title of Master Baker in the bread category of the 2010 Bakery Masters competition held in Paris.	Wu Pao-chun	5 September 1970
date of birth	María Sonia Furió Flores (30 July 1937 -- 1 December 1996) was a Spanish-born Mexican actress.	Sonia Furió	30 July 1937
date of birth	Công Quốc Hà (born 29 October 1955) is an acclaimed Vietnamese artist and lacquer painter.	Công Quốc Hà	29 October 1955
date of birth	Edmund Blampied (30 March 1886 -- 26 August 1966) was one of the most eminent artists to come from the Channel Islands, yet he received no formal training in art until he was 16 years old.	Edmund Blampied	30 March 1886
date of birth	John Daniel Tinder (born February 17, 1950) is a retired federal judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.	John Daniel Tinder	1950
date of birth	Alexander Spiers (1807--1869), was an English lexicographer.	Alexander Spiers	1807
date of birth	Jon Gisle (born 19 November 1948) is a Norwegian jurist, encyclopedist and philologist.	Jon Gisle	19 November 1948
date of birth	Neven Sesardić (born 30 July 1949) is a Croatian philosopher known for his writings on heritability and race.	Neven Sesardić	1949
date of birth	Isaac Mervyn Jaffey, known during his cricket career as Mervyn Jaffey and now known as Mervyn Jeffries (born 9 September 1929 in Dublin, Republic of Ireland) is an Irish former cricketer.	Mervyn Jaffey	9 September 1929
date of birth	Sophie Parkin (born 1961) is an English writer, artist and actor.	Sophie Parkin	1961
date of birth	Mark Moore (born 12 January 1965) is a British dance music record producer and DJ. He was founder of the dance/sampling pioneers S'Express, and runs the London nightclubs, 'Electrogogo' and 'Can Can'.	Mark Moore	12 January 1965
date of birth	Nehemiah Samuel Libowitz was a Russian Hebrew scholar and author; born January 3, 1862, at Kolno, Łomża.	Nehemiah Samuel Libowitz	1862
date of birth	Michael Upton, painter: born Birmingham 5 February 1938; married 1964 Anne McKechnie (one son deceased; marriage dissolved), 1974 Susy Young (died 1990; one son, one daughter); died Truro, Cornwall 20 September 2002.	Michael Upton	5 February 1938
date of birth	Andreas Wellinger (born 28 August 1995) is a German ski jumper, a member of the national team, Olympic Champion 2014 in team competition.	Andreas Wellinger	28 August 1995
date of birth	Jill Morrell (born 1957) was the girlfriend of John McCarthy, and was a tireless and effective campaigner for his release from kidnappers who held him in Lebanon for more than 5 years.	Jill Morrell	1957
date of birth	Daniel Browne (born 16 April 1979) is currently playing club rugby for London Welsh in the Aviva Championship.	Daniel Browne	16 April 1979
date of birth	Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani (Azerbaijani: Səkinə Məhəmmədi Aştiani, Persian: سکینه محمدی آشتیانی‎‎; born 1967), is an Iranian Azeri woman who has gained the attention of human rights groups and people throughout the world for a conviction of adultery and accompanying sentence of death by stoning.	Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani	1967
date of birth	Joanna Rajkowska (born 1968) is a Polish contemporary artist who came onto the Polish art scene in the 1990s.	Joanna Rajkowska	1968
date of birth	Williams Middleton (1809-1883) was a son of South Carolina Governor Henry Middleton (1770-1846).	Williams Middleton	1809
date of birth	May Edginton (1883 - June 17, 1957) was a British writer.	May Edginton	1883
date of birth	Reed Elley (born 1945) is a retired Baptist minister who was elected to the Canadian Parliament in 1997 as a member of the Reform Party.	Reed Elley	1945
date of birth	Ieti Taulealo (born 23 April 1986) is an American Samoan football player.	Ieti Taulealo	23 April 1986
date of birth	Arun Sarin (born 21 October 1954) is an Indian-born American telecommunications executive.	Arun Sarin	21 October 1954
date of birth	Du Jiahao (Chinese: 杜家毫; born July 1955) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2013 as the Governor and Deputy Communist Party Secretary of Hunan province.	Du Jiahao	July 1955
date of birth	Bart Arens (Lisse, 2 March 1978) is a Dutch radio dj. He currently presents 3 radio programs on 3FM: 3FM Weekend Request, Mega Top 50 and De radioshow van Bart.	Bart Arens	2 March 1978
date of birth	Jaime de la Pava, (born 14 April 1967) is a Colombian football manager and the current manager of Salvadoran club FAS.	Jaime de la Pava	14 April 1967
date of birth	Thomas Penny (1532 -- January 1589) was an English physician and early entomologist.	Thomas Penny	1532
date of birth	Samir Qasimi (Arabic: سمير قسيمي) (born 1974) is an Algerian writer.	Samir Qasimi	1974
date of birth	Enrico Annoni (born 1 July 1966) is an Italian former professional footballer who played primarily as a centre back.	Enrico Annoni	1 July 1966
date of birth	Jim Fairlie (born 1940) is a Scottish politician and financial analyst.	Jim Fairlie	1940
date of birth	Major General Khaled Fawzy (In Arabic: خالد فوزي; b. 1957) is the Director of the Egyptian General Intelligence Directorate (EGID).	Khaled Fawzy	1957
date of birth	Jimmy Gilmour (born 17 December 1961) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played	Jimmy Gilmour	17 December 1961
date of birth	John Moray Stuart-Young (1881--1939) was an English Uranian poet, memoirist, novelist and merchant trader.	John Moray Stuart-Young	1881
date of birth	Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu (pronounced (keˈmal kɯɫɯtʃˈdaɾoːɫu); born 17 December 1948) is a Turkish politician.	Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu	17 December 1948
date of birth	Siro Marcellini (born 16 September 1921) is an Italian director and screenwriter.	Siro Marcellini	16 September 1921
date of birth	Kimi Katkar (born 11 December 1965) is a model and actress of Bollywood from the 1980s to the early 1990s.	Kimi Katkar	11 December 1965
date of birth	Fra Girolamo Bonsignori, (miscalled Monsignori; 1472--1549) was an Italian artist.	Girolamo Bonsignori	1472
date of birth	José Vasconcelos Calderón (28 February 1882 -- 30 June 1959) has been called the ``cultural caudillo'' of the Mexican Revolution He was an important Mexican writer, philosopher and politician.	José Vasconcelos	28 February 1882
date of birth	Amy Vedder (born March 24, 1951 in Palatine Bridge, New York) is an ecologist and primatologist involved in conservation work with mountain gorillas.	Amy Vedder	1951
date of birth	Willem Janszoon (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋɪləm ˈjɑnsoːn); c. 1570--1630), sometimes abbreviated to Willem Jansz., was a Dutch navigator and colonial governor.	Willem Janszoon	1570
date of birth	Abraham Palatnik (born 1928) is a Brazilian artist and inventor whose innovations include kinechromatic art. He is Jewish and of Russian descent.	Abraham Palatnik	1928
date of birth	Clive Emsley (born 1944) is a British historian and criminologist.	Clive Emsley	1944
date of birth	John Strausbaugh (born in Baltimore in 1951) is an American author, cultural commentator, and host of the New York Times ``Weekend Explorer'' video podcast series on New York City.	John Strausbaugh	1951
date of birth	Nigel Vardy (born 22 April 1969 in Queen Mary Maternity Home in Derby) is an English mountaineer, motivational and leadership speaker, and the author of the books Once Bitten and Seven Peaks --	Nigel Vardy	22 April 1969
date of birth	Armand Amar (born 1953) French composer, who grew up in Morocco.	Armand Amar	1953
date of birth	Marc Saw Nelson (born 14 February 1972), better known as Marc Nelson, is a Burmese, Thai and Australian television host and model mostly credited for being one of Philippine television's most visible and prominent personalities.	Marc Saw Nelson	14 February 1972
date of birth	Christos Zalokostas (Greek: Χρήστος Ζαλοκώστας, 1894 -- 1975) was a Greek fencer and sport shooter.	Christos Zalokostas	1894
date of birth	Eoin Larkin (born 17 July 1984) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a left wing-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.	Eoin Larkin	17 July 1984
date of birth	Fredrik Steen (6 September 1895 -- 22 October 1970) was a Norwegian pharmacist and businessperson.	Fredrik Steen	6 September 1895
date of birth	Susana Torre (born 1944) is an Argentine-born American architect, critic and educator, based in New York City (1968--2008) and in Carboneras, Almeria, Spain (since 2009).	Susana Torre	1944
date of birth	María Julia Casanova (1916-2004) is recognized for her long career as a script writer for radio and television and as a theater designer and director.	María Julia Casanova	1916
date of birth	Demetrios Tzamplakon (Greek: Δημήτριος Τζαμπλάκων, fl. 1345--1366/67) was a Byzantine aristocrat and senior military leader.	Demetrios Tzamplakon	1345
date of birth	Aleks Danko (born 1950) is an Australian performance artist and sculptor.	Aleks Danko	1950
date of birth	Terry Cashion (7 April 1921 -- 8 October 2011) was an Australian rules footballer from Tasmania.	Terry Cashion	7 April 1921
date of birth	Karl Whatham (born 27 August 1981) is an Australian-born cricketer who has played one One Day International for Canada.	Karl Whatham	27 August 1981
date of birth	Geoffrey Nyarota (born c. 1951) is an award-winning Zimbabwean journalist and human rights activist.	Geoffrey Nyarota	1951
date of birth	Vidar Bahus, born 5 June 1965, is a retired Norwegian football goalkeeper who spent his career in SK Brann and Fyllingen Fotball.	Vidar Bahus	5 June 1965
date of birth	Sheila Reid (born 21 December 1937) is a Scottish actress, best known for her performance as Madge Harvey in Benidorm.	Sheila Reid	21 December 1937
date of birth	Aage Krarup Nielsen (30 July 1891 -- 29 January 1972) was a travel writer.	Aage Krarup Nielsen	30 July 1891
date of birth	Mary S. Hartman (born 1941) joined the Douglass History Department in 1968 and served as director of the Women's Studies Institute from 1975 to 1977.	Mary S. Hartman	1941
date of birth	Craig B. Fisher (1932--2006) was an American network and cable television producer.	Craig B. Fisher	1932
date of birth	Claudio Pari (1574 -- after 1619) was an Italian composer, of Burgundian birth, of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras.	Claudio Pari	1574
date of birth	Ajet Shehu (born 31 December 1990 in Rahovec, SFR Yugoslavia) is a footballer who plays as a centre back.	Ajet Shehu	31 December 1990
date of birth	Dr. Amir Masoud Boroumand (12 November 1928 -- 8 March 2011) was an Iranian footballer.	Masoud Boroumand	12 November 1928
date of birth	Professor William Graham Richards C.B.E., M.A., D.Phil, D.Sc, C.Chem, FRSC was born 1 October 1939 in Hoylake, Cheshire and was Head of Chemistry (1997-2006) at the University of Oxford.	Graham Richards	1 October 1939
date of birth	Artur Mikaelyan (Armenian: Արթուր Միքայելյան, Greek: Αρτούρ Μικαελιάν; born March 8, 1970 in Kirovakan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian and Greek amateur boxer.	Artur Mikaelyan	1970
date of birth	John Clare Whitehorn, M.D. (1894-1974) was an American psychiatric educator during the mid-20th century.	John Clare Whitehorn	1894
date of birth	Milica Pavlović (born 11 August 1991) is a Serbian pop-folk recording artist.	Milica Pavlović	11 August 1991
date of birth	Mattar Bin Lahej (born 1968) is an Emirati Painter, photographer and sculptor from Dubai.	Mattar Bin Lahej	1968
date of birth	Josef Teichmann (* 27 August 1972 in Lienz) is an Austrian mathematician and professor at ETH Zürich working on mathematical finance.	Josef Teichmann	27 August 1972
date of birth	John Tasker Henderson (9 December 1905 -- 2 January 1983) was a Canadian Physicist whose career was with the National Research Council (NRC).	John Tasker Henderson	9 December 1905
date of birth	Candice Kathleen Atherton (born 21 September 1955), known as Candy Atherton, is a British journalist and former politician.	Candy Atherton	21 September 1955
date of birth	Myles Pollard (born 4 November 1972) is an Australian actor known for his role as doctor James Edmunds in Home and Away and previously Nick Ryan on the TV series McLeod's Daughters.	Myles Pollard	4 November 1972
date of birth	Don Manuel Críspulo González y Soto, 1st Marquis of Bonanza (10 June 1846 -- 16 October 1933), was a Spanish entrepreneur of the González Byass wine and sherry company and a philanthropist.	Manuel Críspulo González y Soto	10 June 1846
date of birth	Margriet Smulders (born 17 July 1955, Bussum) is a Dutch photographer of floral still lifes.	Margriet Smulders	1955
date of birth	Per Kristoffersen (born 12 October 1937) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a striker.	Per Kristoffersen	12 October 1937
date of birth	Jagwinder Singh Dhaliwal, better known by his stage name, Juggy D, (born 19 November 1981) is a British Indian singer from Southall, London, England.	Juggy D	19 November 1981
date of birth	Gordon Clifford (1928--2008) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s.	Gordon Clifford	1928
date of birth	Rogatien Biaou (born 19 May 1952, in Savé) is a Beninese politician and diplomat.	Rogatien Biaou	19 May 1952
date of birth	Frank Chauvin (c. 1933 -- March 13, 2015) was a Canadian police detective from Windsor, Ontario.	Frank Chauvin	1933
date of birth	Violet Berlin (born 2 January 1968) is a Turkish-born English television presenter, writer and producer best known for her coverage of video games.	Violet Berlin	2 January 1968
date of birth	Théodrate of Troyes (868--903) was the wife of Odo, Count of Paris.	Théodrate of Troyes	868
date of birth	Figueiredo Sobral (1926 -- 13 August 2010) was a Portuguese painter, sculptor and poet.	Figueiredo Sobral	1926
date of birth	Sonja Härdin, born 1945, is a Swedish illustrator.	Sonja Härdin	1945
date of birth	David Donachie (born 1944) is a Scottish nautical historical novelist.	David Donachie	1944
date of birth	Johnny Simm (born 24 November 1929) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger, making 143 appearances in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers, Bury and Bradford City.	Johnny Simm	24 November 1929
date of birth	Jayanto Banerjee (born 1958), who signs his work Jayanto, is an Indian cartoonist and illustrator.	Jayanto Banerjee	1958
date of birth	Mónica Mayer (born 1954) is a Mexican artist, activist and art critic whose practice includes performance, digital graphics, drawing, photography and art theory.	Mónica Mayer	1954
date of birth	Eoin O'Mahony (born 1962) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-forward for the Cork senior team.	Eoin O'Mahony	1962
date of birth	Martyn Griffiths (born 18 March 1946) is a British racing driver, whose greatest success has been in hillclimbing.	Martyn Griffiths	18 March 1946
date of birth	Christophe Tack (born 29 December 1992) is the 2014 World Champion Freestyle Kitesurfer.	Christophe Tack	29 December 1992
date of birth	Nicolas Louis Alexandre, Baron de Gunzburg (12 December 1904 -- 20 February 1981), aka Baron Nicolas de Gunzburg, was a banker and socialite of Russian, Polish, and Portuguese descent, who became an editor at several American publications, including Town & Country, Vogue, and Harper's Bazaar.	Nicolas de Gunzburg	12 December 1904
date of birth	Hussain Dawood (Urdu: حسین داؤد‎) (born 1943) is a Pakistani industrialist, educationist and philanthropist, with origins from Bantva, Gujarat in western India.	Hussain Dawood	1943
date of birth	Eberhard Haun (born 1 October 1949; died 8 August 1976) was a German footballer.	Eberhard Haun	1 October 1949
date of birth	Darren O'Dea (born 4 February 1987) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Scottish Premiership club Dundee.	Darren O'Dea	4 February 1987
date of birth	Phillip Mann (born 1942) is a British-born, science fiction author resident in New Zealand since 1969.	Phillip Mann	1942
date of birth	Richard B. Carter (1877--1949), ink manufacturer, was president of the Carter's Ink Company, in Boston and later Cambridge, Massachusetts, from 1903-1949.	Richard B. Carter	1877
date of birth	Sifan Hassan (Oromo: Siifan Hassan; born 1993) is an Ethiopian-Dutch middle- and long-distance runner.	Sifan Hassan	1993
date of birth	Margret Dieck (July 1941 -- 28 November 1996) was a German gerontologist and is considered one of the country's distinguished representatives of gerontology, especially of the socio-politico-scientific orientation.	Margret Dieck	1941
date of birth	Shiu-Kay Kan (born 1951) is a British architect, industrial designer, lighting designer and designer of lights.	Shiu-Kay Kan	1951
date of birth	Brian Twyne (c. 25 July 1581 -- 4 July 1644) was an antiquarian and an academic at the University of Oxford.	Brian Twyne	25 July 1581
date of birth	Leopold Spinner (26 April 1906 -- 12 August 1980) was a Ukrainian-born, British-domiciled composer and editor.	Leopold Spinner	26 April 1906
date of birth	Zane Lewis (born 1981) is an American visual artist based in Brooklyn, New York.	Zane Lewis	1981
date of birth	Gregory Gray (born Paul Lerwill, 1959, Northern Ireland) is a singer/songwriter.	Gregory Gray	1959
date of birth	Fred Oberlander (23 May 1911 in Vienna, Austria -- 1996) was an Austrian, British, and Canadian wrestler.	Fred Oberlander	23 May 1911
date of birth	Tomas Haake (born 13 July 1971) is a Swedish drummer and main songwriter of the experimental metal band Meshuggah.	Tomas Haake	13 July 1971
date of birth	Carl M. Bender (born 1943) is Wilfred R. and Ann Lee Konneker Distinguished Professor of Physics at Washington University in St. Louis.	Carl M. Bender	1943
date of birth	Gennady Spirin (born 25 December 1948) is a Russian painter and children's book illustrator.	Gennady Spirin	25 December 1948
date of birth	Todd F. Davis (born 1965) is a prize-winning American poet and critic.	Todd F. Davis	1965
date of birth	Jamal Hairane (born 26 May 1993) is a Qatari athlete specialising in the 800 metres events.	Jamal Hairane	26 May 1993
date of birth	Henry Golden Dearth (22 April 1864 -- 27 March 1918) was a distinguished American painter who studied in Paris and continued to spend his summers in France painting in the Normandy region.	Henry Golden Dearth	22 April 1864
date of birth	Henrik Toft (born 15 April 1981 in Christiansfeld) is a Danish professional footballer, who currently plays for club Kolding BK.	Henrik Toft	15 April 1981
date of birth	Ken McGrath (born 20 February 1978) is an Irish hurler and current hurling selector who played as a centre-back for the Waterford senior team.	Ken McGrath	20 February 1978
date of birth	Arpa Ke'un, also known as Arpa Khan or Gavon or Gawon (died 1336), was an Ilkhan (1335--1336) during the disintegration of the Mongol state in Persia.	Arpa Ke'un	1335
date of birth	Emmanuel Gyimah Labi (born 27 September 1950 in Accra) is a Ghanaian composer, conductor, and music professor.	Emmanuel Gyimah Labi	27 September 1950
date of birth	Pedro Ríos Maestre (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpeðɾo ˈri.os); born 12 December 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Córdoba CF as a right winger.	Pedro Ríos	12 December 1981
date of birth	Valentin Vasilyevich Sysoyev (Russian: Валентин Васильевич Сысоев) (born in 1887; died in 1971) was a Russian football player.	Valentin Vasilyevich Sysoyev	1887
date of birth	François Eid, OMM (born on 24 July 1943 in Mtolleh, Chouf District, Lebanon) is a retired Maronite Bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Cairo and Procurator of the Maronite Patriarch at the Holy See.	François Eid	24 July 1943
date of birth	Rachid Djebaili (born 26 April 1975) is a former footballer who played in five countries.	Rachid Djebaili	26 April 1975
date of birth	Abdul Muneem Patel (born 17 April 1989) is one of the suspects arrested in the UK in connection to the 2006 transatlantic aircraft terrorist plot in the United Kingdom, and one of the nineteen whose accounts were frozen by the Bank of England.	Abdul Muneem Patel	17 April 1989
date of birth	Dan Andrei Aldea (born 9 March 1950 in Bucharest) is a Romanian rock multi-instrumentalist (guitars, violin and keyboards, mainly) and vocalist, best known for his work with the band Sfinx, but also for his solo career.	Dan Andrei Aldea	9 March 1950
date of birth	Bruno Beger (27 April 1911 -- 12 October 2009) was a German racial anthropologist who worked for the Ahnenerbe.	Bruno Beger	27 April 1911
date of birth	Born in 1958, Guillaume Giscard d'Estaing has been Chairman and CEO of Sofema since 2007.	Guillaume Giscard d'Estaing	1958
date of birth	Matteo Galvan (born 24 August 1988) is an Italian sprinter who specializes in the 200 and 400 metres.	Matteo Galvan	24 August 1988
date of birth	Sir Hugh Lansdown Stephenson, GCIE, KCSI (1871--1948) served as the Governor of Bihar and Orissa from 7 April 1927 to 7 April 1932 and the Governor of the British Crown Colony of Burma from December 1932 to May 1936.	Hugh Lansdown Stephenson	1871
date of birth	Nikita Korzun (Belarusian: Мікіта Карзун; Russian: Никита Корзун; born 6 March 1995) is a Belarusian professional football player who currently plays for Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv.	Nikita Korzun	6 March 1995
date of birth	Howard Ellis (1892-1968) was a prominent Chicago lawyer and one of the name partners of Kirkland & Ellis.	Howard Ellis	1892
date of birth	Jack Trengove (born 2 September 1991) is an Australian rules footballer and former co-captain of the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jack Trengove	2 September 1991
date of birth	Olga Fikotová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈolɡa ˈfɪkotovaː), born 13 November 1932) is a Czechoslovak and later American discus thrower.	Olga Fikotová	13 November 1932
date of birth	Talal Omar Abdillahi (born 12 May 1967) is a Djiboutian long-distance athlete.	Talal Omar Abdillahi	12 May 1967
date of birth	Đặng Tuyết Mai, also known as Madame Nguyễn Cao Kỳ (1942) is the former wife of Nguyễn Cao Kỳ, former South Vietnamese air force commander and politician, who served as Prime Minister of South Vietnam from 1965 to 1967, and then as Vice President until his retirement from politics in 1971.	Madame Nguyễn Cao Kỳ	1942
date of birth	Tomislav Šuker (born 26 April 1940) is a Croatian retired track and field athlete who competed for Yugoslavia.	Tomislav Šuker	26 April 1940
date of birth	Christin Sørum (born 12 January 1968) is a retired Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in 3000 metres and cross-country running.	Christin Sørum	12 January 1968
date of birth	Patrick Weston Joyce (1827 -- 7 January 1914) was an Irish historian, writer and music collector, known particularly for his research in local place names of Ireland.	Patrick Weston Joyce	1827
date of birth	Tom Hickox is a singer-songwriter from North London, born in 1981.	Tom Hickox	1981
date of birth	Caitlin Davies (born 1964) is an English author, journalist and teacher.	Caitlin Davies	1964
date of birth	Keith Kennedy (born 5 March 1952) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left back, making over 400 career appearances.	Keith Kennedy	5 March 1952
date of birth	Magnus Scharmanoff (born 1964) is a Finnish photographic artist, earlier associated with The Helsinki School.	Magnus Scharmanoff	1964
date of birth	Scott Neyedli (born 16 June 1978 in Aberdeen, Scotland) was a full-time professional Ironman triathlete (2007-2011), winning British and multiple Scottish Triathlon Championships.	Scott Neyedli	16 June 1978
date of birth	Sigrún Stefánsdóttir, PhD in media studies (born 1947) was the head of radio and television of RÚV, the National Icelandic Broadcasting Service.	Sigrún Stefánsdóttir	1947
date of birth	Katarzyna Walter (born 23 February 1960 in Krakow ) - Polish actress, film and theater .	Katarzyna Walter	23 February 1960
date of birth	Father Peter Nguyen Van Hung (chữ Hán: 阮文雄; 1958 - ) is a Vietnamese Australian Roman Catholic priest and human rights activist in Taiwan.	Peter Nguyen Van Hung	1958
date of birth	Adolf Østbye (February 1868 -- September 5, 1907) was a revue artist and barber who became the first Norwegian recording artist.	Adolf Østbye	February 1868
date of birth	Katharine Basset (born c. 1522, died post 1558) (occasionally misnamed ``Elizabeth'') was an English gentlewoman who served at the court of King Henry VIII, namely in the household of Queen Anne of Cleves, and was briefly jailed for speaking against him.	Katharine Basset	1522
date of birth	Erin Mullally (born 2 January 1990) is an Australian actor and model best known for playing the role of Declan Napier in Neighbours.	Erin Mullally	2 January 1990
date of birth	Leilah Assunção, or Leilah Assumpção (born Maria de Lourdes Torres de Assunção, 1943) is a Brazilian dramatist, actress and writer.	Leilah Assunção	1943
date of birth	Julian Lloyd Webber (born 14 April 1951) is a British cellist, conductor and the principal of the Birmingham Conservatoire.	Julian Lloyd Webber	14 April 1951
date of birth	Coffey Anderson (born 1978) (sometimes using just his mononym Cofféy or Coffey) is an American singer-songwriter originally from Bangs, Texas.	Coffey Anderson	1978
date of birth	Hermes França Barros (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈeʁmiʃ ˈfɾɐ̃sɐ); born August 26, 1974) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist.	Hermes França	1974
date of birth	Shanthi Sriskantharajah (born 28 October 1965) is a Sri Lankan Tamil civil servant, politician and Member of Parliament.	Shanthi Sriskantharajah	28 October 1965
date of birth	Carlos Marchena López (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkaɾlos maɾˈtʃena ˈlopeθ); born 31 July 1979) is a retired Spanish footballer.	Carlos Marchena	31 July 1979
date of birth	Stacy Christakakis (born 25 March 1964) is an Australian football coach who is currently the Technical Director of National Premier League side Kingston City FC.	Stacy Christakakis	25 March 1964
date of birth	Tomi Räisänen (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈtomi ˈræisænen)) (born 2 June 1976, Helsinki) is a Finnish composer.	Tomi Räisänen	2 June 1976
date of birth	Mhadere Tigabe (born in 1992) is Ethiopian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Ethiopia 2013, and was represented Ethiopia at Miss Universe 2013 pageant.	Mhadere Tigabe	1992
date of birth	Frank Cordaro (born 1951) is a peace activist and co-founder of the Des Moines, Iowa Catholic Worker group.	Frank Cordaro	1951
date of birth	Dinesh Subba was born In 1962 in Tumsong Tea State of Darjeeling.	Dinesh Subba	1962
date of birth	Sylvia Constantinidis (born 1962) is a Venezuelan-American pianist, conductor, writer, music educator and composer.	Sylvia Constantinidis	1962
date of birth	Georges Theil, aka Gilbert Dubreuil (born in 1940, Corrèze) is a French politician.	Georges Theil	1940
date of birth	Heo Se-uk (1953 -- 2007) (Korean: 허세욱) was a 54-year-old South Korean labor union member and taxi driver who set himself ablaze on April 1, 2007 in Seoul to protest the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement.	Heo Se-uk	1953
date of birth	Andreas Stenschke, (26 July 1975) is a German actor and director.	Andreas Stenschke	26 July 1975
date of birth	Tex Pitfield (born 1959 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is the President and CEO of Saraguay Petroleum, an Atlanta-based fuel company serving the South-Eastern United States.	Tex Pitfield	1959
date of birth	Peter Piel (12 August 1835 -- 21 August 1904) was a German pioneer in the movement for reform of church music.	Peter Piel	12 August 1835
date of birth	Brent Grgic (born 8 October 1979) is a former Australian rules footballer who played five seasons for Melbourne, before playing two seasons for Geelong in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Brent Grgic	8 October 1979
date of birth	Henry Pelham Lee (1877--1953) was an English engine pioneer.	Henry Pelham Lee	1877
date of birth	Walter Burton Harris (29 August 1866 -- 4 April 1933) was a journalist, writer, traveller and socialite who achieved fame for his writings on Morocco, where he worked for many years as special correspondent for The Times.	Walter Burton Harris	29 August 1866
date of birth	Aibert was born in 1060 in the village of Espain in the Diocese of Tournai, in present-day Belgium.	Aibert	1060
date of birth	Kiran Khalap (born 1958) is a brand consultant, author and founder of Chlorophyll brand & communications consultancy that was set up in Mumbai, India 1999.	Kiran Khalap	1958
date of birth	Hashim Ibrahim Awad (1952 -- April 26, 2006) was a disabled Iraqi veteran killed by US Marines on the night of April 26, 2006, in an episode known as the Hamdania incident.	Hashim Ibrahim Awad	1952
date of birth	Glenn Ryan (born on 20 October 1972) is a former Gaelic footballer and manager, who captained the Kildare team in one of its most successful periods in recent history, leading the Lilywhites to the 1998 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final and collecting Leinster medals in 1998 and again in 2000.	Glenn Ryan	20 October 1972
date of birth	Nick Glennie-Smith (born 3 October 1951) is an English film score composer whose most prominent work is in collaboration with Hans Zimmer on the score to the 1996 action film The Rock, the 2006 historical movie Children of Glory and the 1993 drama Point of No Return.	Nick Glennie-Smith	3 October 1951
date of birth	Jorge Grundman Isla (born 1961) is a Spanish classical composer, musicologist, musician and professor who has helped to recover the music of Robert Kahn and Adalbert Gyrowetz among others through the non-profit music foundation created by him.	Jorge Grundman	1961
date of birth	Bhima Bhattar (28 July 1904 -- December 16, 1985) was a businessman and founder of Bhima Jewellers.	Bhima Bhattar	28 July 1904
date of birth	Mohan Bikram Singh (born 1935), often referred to as MBS, party name Gharti, is a Nepalese politician.	Mohan Bikram Singh	1935
date of birth	Julian Schieber (German pronunciation: (ˈdʒyː.lɪ.aːn ˈʃiːˈbɐ); born 13 February 1989) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for the German Bundesliga club Hertha BSC.	Julian Schieber	13 February 1989
date of birth	Kazuko Sinoto (c. 1928 -- August 5, 2013) was a Japanese-born American historian and immigration researcher who specialized in the history of Japanese migration to Hawaii.	Kazuko Sinoto	1928
date of birth	Richard Evatt (26 August 1973 -- 17 July 2012), also called 'tiger', was a British amateur and professional boxer in the super featherweight division who was unsuccessful in his only opportunity to win a world title.	Richard Evatt	26 August 1973
date of birth	Daniel Bartolotta (born 9 January 1955) is a former Uruguayan football player, who currently coaches Puebla FC in Mexican Primera División.	Daniel Bartolotta	9 January 1955
date of birth	Benjamin Colbert (born 1961) is a British-based American academic who is Reader in English at the University of Wolverhampton and an expert on historical travel writing.	Benjamin Colbert	1961
date of birth	Manuela Derr, married Rödel (born 17 July 1971 in Neubrandenburg) is a retired East German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.	Manuela Derr	17 July 1971
date of birth	Shah Ahmad Noorani (Urdu: شاہ احمد نورانی‎; 1 October 1926 -- 11 December 2003, known as Allama Noorani), was a Pakistani Islamic scholar, philosopher, revivalist and an ultra--conservative politician.	Shah Ahmad Noorani	1926
date of birth	Nik De Dominic (born January 1981) is an American poet and essayist.	Nik De Dominic	January 1981
date of birth	Kamal Bahamdan (born 12 February 1970) is a Saudi Arabian businessman and equestrian.	Kamal Bahamdan	12 February 1970
date of birth	Ole Einar Bjørndalen (born 27 January 1974) is a Norwegian professional biathlete, often referred to by the nickname ``The King of Biathlon''.	Ole Einar Bjørndalen	27 January 1974
date of birth	Laila Shawa (Born Gaza 1940) is a Palestinian artist.	Laila Shawa	1940
date of birth	Claudio Pollio (born 27 May 1958 in Napoli) is an Italian wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.	Claudio Pollio	27 May 1958
date of birth	Ivy Tresmand (15 December 1898 -- 2 November 1980) was an English soubrette who appeared mostly in musical theatre.	Ivy Tresmand	15 December 1898
date of birth	Gerald Zackios (born 1965) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Marshall Islands between July 6, 2001 and January 9, 2008.	Gerald Zackios	1965
date of birth	Lucjan Zarzecki (1873--1925) was a Polish pedagogue and mathematician, a co-originator of national education concept.	Lucjan Zarzecki	1873
date of birth	Rasmus Sigvardt (born 26 February 1886) was a mechanic from Orehoved on the Danish island of Falster.	Rasmus Sigvardt	26 February 1886
date of birth	Thando Mgqolozana (born Cape Town, South Africa, 27 August 1983) is a Mandela Rhodes Scholar, a recipient of the Golden Key International Honour for Scholastic Achievement, and one of the Mail & Guardian's Top 200 Young South Africans of 2010.	Thando Mgqolozana	27 August 1983
date of birth	Somdatta Sinha (born 1951) is an Indian professor of biology at Indian Institute of Science Education and Research in Mohali, India.	Somdatta Sinha	1951
date of birth	Terry Willers (1935 -- 9 November 2011) was a noted cartoonist and animator.	Terry Willers	1935
date of birth	Andrew Koob (born 1976) is an American neuroscientist and writer.	Andrew Koob	1976
date of birth	Mathura Das Mathur (born 6 September 1918) was an Indian politician from Rajasthan.	Mathura Das Mathur	6 September 1918
date of birth	Fanuel Massingue (born 19 December 1982) is Mozambican international footballer who plays for HCB Songo in Moçambola.	Fanuel Massingue	19 December 1982
date of birth	Wu Yingyin (born Wu Jianqiu 吳劍秋; 1922 -- December 17, 2009), also romanized as Woo Ing-ing, was a Chinese singer.	Wu Yingyin	1922
date of birth	Joseph Maina Mungai (born in Kenya, 1932; died August 2003) was the first African to become Dean of the School of Medicine at the University of Nairobi.	Joseph Maina Mungai	1932
date of birth	Sir Robert Marney (ca. 1319-1400), of Layer Marney, Essex, and Kingsey, Buckinghamshire, was a 14th-century English politician.	Robert Marney	1319
date of birth	Melvyn J Taub (born 7 September 1960) is a London-based pop/rock singer and some-time actor, primarily known for his role as singer in 1980s bubblegum pop band The Jetset and as a part of Mari Wilson's touring revue band The Wilsations.	Melvyn J Taub	7 September 1960
date of birth	Farid Zarif (Persian: فرید ظریف‎‎; born 1951) is United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).	Farid Zarif	1951
date of birth	Vít Bárta (born 5 December 1973) is the former Czech Minister of Transport, member and leader of the political party Public Affairs (Věci veřejné).	Vít Bárta	5 December 1973
date of birth	Arnold W. G. Kean (1914--2000) is most noted for his contribution to the development of civil aviation law.	Arnold W. G. Kean	1914
date of birth	Matthew Douglas (born 26 November 1976 in London) is a retired British track and field athlete who specialised in the 400 metres hurdles.	Matthew Douglas	26 November 1976
date of birth	Joan Nelson (born 1958, California) is a visual artist who lives and works in upstate New York.	Joan Nelson	1958
date of birth	Per Michael Brundin (born 5 October 1965) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a centre back.	Michael Brundin	5 October 1965
date of birth	José Antonio Ñíguez Vicente (born 30 September 1962), known as Boria, is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a striker.	José Antonio Ñíguez	30 September 1962
date of birth	Zhu Qi, (Chinese: 朱启; born May 1942) is a General of the Chinese People's Liberation Army.	Zhu Qi	May 1942
date of birth	Tim Weissman (born 1970) is a clinical psychologist and ten-time World champion in the sport of professional Air Hockey.	Tim Weissman	1970
date of birth	Wolfgang Winkler (born 21 October 1940) is a West German former luger who competed in the late 1960s.	Wolfgang Winkler	21 October 1940
date of birth	Nicola Wheeler (born 4 April 1974) is an English actress, best known for playing the role of Nicola King in ITV's Emmerdale.	Nicola Wheeler	4 April 1974
date of birth	John Antoon II (born 1946) is an American lawyer and Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida.	John Antoon II	1946
date of birth	Salvador Plascencia is an American writer, born 21 December 1976 in Guadalajara, Mexico.	Salvador Plascencia	1976
date of birth	Christina Maranci (born 1968) is an American researcher, writer, translator, historian, and Professor at Tufts University.	Christina Maranci	1968
date of birth	Asbjørn Tenden, born 9 April 1975, is a Norwegian footballer.	Asbjørn Tenden	9 April 1975
date of birth	David W. Petegorsky (1915-July 15, 1956) was author of an acclaimed book on Gerrard Winstanley and the Diggers.	David W. Petegorsky	1915
date of birth	Jakup Krasniqi (born 1 January 1951) is an Albanian politician and former acting President of Kosovo.	Jakup Krasniqi	1 January 1951
date of birth	Clemente Peani (1731--1782), also known as Clemens Peanius and Clemens di Gesù, was a member of Congregatio de Propaganda Fide who was involved in the preparation of Alphabetum grandonico-malabaricum sive samscrudonicum, published in 1772 by the congregation's press.	Clemente Peani	1731
date of birth	Víctor Alberto Ramos (b. 1945) is an Argentine geologist who has contributed to the paleogeography and plate tectonics of South America.	Víctor Alberto Ramos	1945
date of birth	Eugenio Fojo y Márquez (born 1899; date of death unknown) was a Spanish rose breeder who founded ``La Florida'' in northern Spain and the Basque Country.	Eugenio Fojo	1899
date of birth	Alexander Khatuntsev (born 11 February 1985) is a Russian professional road bicycle racer who currently rides for UCI Professional Continental Team RusVelo.	Alexander Khatuntsev	11 February 1985
date of birth	José Felipe Voloch (born 13 February 1963 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian mathematician who works on number theory and algebraic geometry.	José Felipe Voloch	13 February 1963
date of birth	Tilahun Regassa Dabe (born 18 January 1990) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who mainly competes in road running competitions.	Tilahun Regassa	18 January 1990
date of birth	Nicky Hayen (born 16 August 1980) is a retired Belgian professional footballer who is currently manager of KVK Tienen in the Belgian Third Division.	Nicky Hayen	16 August 1980
date of birth	Harald Kujat (born 1 March 1942) is a retired German General of the Luftwaffe.	Harald Kujat	1 March 1942
date of birth	Ninoska Pérez Castellón (born 1950) is a prominent member of the Cuban exile community in Miami, and outspoken opponent of Fidel and Raul Castro.	Ninoska Pérez Castellón	1950
date of birth	Ihsan Ali Al-Shehbaz, Ph.D. (born 1939 in Iraq) is an Iraqi American botanist who works as Adjunct Professor at University of Missouri-St. Louis and Senior Curator at Missouri Botanical Garden.	Ihsan Ali Al-Shehbaz	1939
date of birth	Tapovan Maharaj (1889--1957) was a Hindu Sannyasi and Vedanta scholar.	Tapovan Maharaj	1889
date of birth	Joeri Vastmans (born 5 December 1983) is a Belgian professional footballer, who is currently playing for Bocholt.	Joeri Vastmans	5 December 1983
date of birth	Dato' Syed Amin Aljeffri (born 10 November 1947 in Sungai Petani) is a Malaysian entrepreneur.	Syed Amin Aljeffri	10 November 1947
date of birth	Darren Wershler, aka Darren Wershler-Henry, (b. 1966) is a Canadian experimental poet, non-fiction writer and cultural critic.	Darren Wershler	1966
date of birth	Ali Dad (born 1964) is a former Afghan wrestler, who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games in the featherweight event, but was suspended after testing positive for diuretics.	Ali Dad	1964
date of birth	Lajos Mecser (born 23 September 1942) is a retired Hungarian long-distance runner who won two European championships medals in 1966--67.	Lajos Mecser	23 September 1942
date of birth	Na Kyung-won (나경원, born 6 December 1963) is a South Korean politician and lawyer.	Na Kyung-won	1963
date of birth	Roger Wilmut (born 1942 in Stratford Upon Avon, Warwickshire) is a British writer and compiler of books on British comedy.	Roger Wilmut	1942
date of birth	Blessed Rosa Maria Benedetta Gattorno Custo (14 October 1831 -- 6 May 1900) was an Italian Roman Catholic who was widowed and later became a nun.	Rosa Maria Benedetta Gattorno Custo	14 October 1831
date of birth	Yvonne Wartiainen (born in 1976) is a Norwegian painter.	Yvonne Wartiainen	1976
date of birth	Bruce Lloyd, AM (born 24 February 1937) is an Australian retired politician.	Bruce Lloyd	24 February 1937
date of birth	Justin Putuhena' (born 12 May 1986), better known as Justin Prime, is a Dutch progressive and electro house DJ and music producer.	Justin Prime	12 May 1986
date of birth	Elsebeth Budolfsen (born 8 March 1947) is a Danish pharmacist and business executive.	Elsebeth Budolfsen	8 March 1947
date of birth	Chris Simcox (born 1961) is the American co-founder of the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps (MCDC) and the project's main spokesperson.	Chris Simcox	1961
date of birth	Suttirat Anne Larlarb (born 1971) is an American costume designer, art director and production designer.	Suttirat Anne Larlarb	1971
date of birth	Neil Harbisson (born 27 July 1982) is a Catalan-raised, British-born contemporary artist and cyborg activist based in New York.	Neil Harbisson	27 July 1982
date of birth	Milton Orkopoulos (born 22 July 1957) is a former New South Wales state politician.	Milton Orkopoulos	22 July 1957
date of birth	Baron Gaetano di Ventimiglia (1888-1973) was an Italian cinematographer who worked in the Italian and British film industries during the silent era.	Gaetano di Ventimiglia	1888
date of birth	Lucy Harth Smith (1888 to September 22, 1955) was an educator, writer and activist who worked to challenge inequality in the Kentucky public school system.	Lucy Harth Smith	1888
date of birth	John Joseph Hirth (French: Jean-Joseph Hirth; 26 March 1854 -- 6 January 1931) was a Catholic Bishop in German East Africa, known as the founder of the church in Rwanda.	John Joseph Hirth	26 March 1854
date of birth	Rebecca Enonchong (born 1967) is a Cameroonian born technology entrepreneur and also the founder and CEO of AppsTech.	Rebecca Enonchong	1967
date of birth	Richard Hancox (born 4 October 1968) is an English former professional footballer,.	Richard Hancox	4 October 1968
date of birth	Efraim Shalom (Hebrew: אפרים שלום‎, born 17 January 1934) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1984 and 1988.	Efraim Shalom	17 January 1934
date of birth	Jesús Clavería Domínguez (born 4 January 1968) is a Spanish former futsal player, best known for his spell with Inter Movistar as a goalkeeper.	Jesús Clavería	4 January 1968
date of birth	Marvin Martin (French pronunciation: ​(maʁ.vin maʁ.tɛ̃) ; born 10 January 1988) is a French international footballer who currently plays for French club Lille in Ligue 1.	Marvin Martin	10 January 1988
date of birth	Brian Flaherty (born 3 March 1991) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a substitute right wing-back for the Galway senior team.	Brian Flaherty	3 March 1991
date of birth	Andrew Deutsch (born 1968) is a sound artist who also teaches at the New York State College of Ceramics at Alfred University.	Andrew Deutsch	1968
date of birth	Dino Zamparelli (born 5 October 1992) is a British racing driver, born to English parents and with Italian ancestry.	Dino Zamparelli	5 October 1992
date of birth	Jean Pigozzi (born 1952) is a businessman, art collector, philanthropist and photographer.	Jean Pigozzi	1952
date of birth	Hugo Spowers (born 1960) is a British entrepreneur-engineer who co-ordinated the development of the Morgan LIFEcar sports car project that was launched at the Geneva Motor Show in March 2008, and the Riversimple Urban Car.	Hugo Spowers	1960
date of birth	Vera Sidika (born 30 September 1989), also known as Vee Beiby, is a Kenyan television and social media personality, fashion model, video vixen entrepreneur and socialite.	Vera Sidika	30 September 1989
date of birth	Evgeni Yanchovski (Bulgarian: Евгени Янчовски) (born 5 September 1939) is a former Bulgarian football player and manager.	Evgeni Yanchovski	5 September 1939
date of birth	Robert Huth (German pronunciation: (ˈʁoːbɛʁt ˈhuːt); born 18 August 1984) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Leicester City.	Robert Huth	18 August 1984
date of birth	Willard Myron Allen (1904 -- 1993) was an American gynecologist.	Willard Myron Allen	1904
date of birth	Prophet Kiowa Costonie was born in 1903 on an Indian reservation in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Kiowa Costonie	1903
date of birth	General Costică Silion (born 29 September 1955 in Pechea, Galați County) is a Romanian general.	Costică Silion	29 September 1955
date of birth	Daniele Ferrazza (born 16 March 1993) is an Italian curler.	Daniele Ferrazza	16 March 1993
date of birth	Norman Gaylord (1923 -- September 18, 2007) was an American industrial chemist and research scientist credited with playing a key role in the development of the gas-permeable rigid contact lens which allows oxygen to reach the wearer's cornea.	Norman Gaylord	1923
date of birth	Willie Kilmarnock (1922 -- 2009) was a Scottish football player who most notably captained Motherwell's 1952 Scottish Cup winning team.	Willie Kilmarnock	1922
date of birth	Peter O'Shaughnessy OAM (5 October 1923 -- 17 July 2013) was an Australian actor, theatre director, producer and writer who presented the work of playwrights ranging from Shakespeare, Shaw, Ibsen, Strindberg, Chekhov to modern dramatists, such as Ionesco, Pinter and Beckett.	Peter O'Shaughnessy	5 October 1923
date of birth	Said Suwailim Al-Shoon commonly known as Said Al-Shoon (Arabic: سعيد سويلم الشون‎; born on 28 August 1983) is an Omani football manager who is the current manager of Fanja SC U-23.	Said Suwailim Al-Shoon	28 August 1983
date of birth	Vijay Kichlu (Kashmiri: विजय किचलू (Devanagari), وجے کچلو (Nastaleeq)) (1930- ) is an Indian classical singer.	Vijay Kichlu	1930
date of birth	Ahmad Moftizadeh (1933--1993) (Kurdish:کاکه ئه حمدی موفتی زاده-Kak Ahmed Moftizadeh Persian: علامہ احمد مفتی زاده) was an influential political and religious thinker among the Sunni Kurdish minority in Iranian Kurdistan.	Ahmad Moftizadeh	1933
date of birth	Kristian Eivind Espedal (born 7 August 1975), better known by his stage name Gaahl, is a Norwegian vocalist.	Gaahl	7 August 1975
date of birth	Lars Cleveman (born 16 June 1958) is a Swedish musician and opera singer.	Lars Cleveman	16 June 1958
date of birth	Tan Xiao (Chinese: 檀啸; pinyin: Tán Xiào; born 10 March 1993) is a Chinese professional Go player.	Tan Xiao	10 March 1993
date of birth	Elvin Duval Dalphinis Smith (born 5 April 1981, London, England) also known as Elviin, is a British songwriter and artist manager from South London.	Elviin	5 April 1981
date of birth	Denis Azabagić (born 1972 in Tuzla, Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian classical guitarist who performs as a soloist, in chamber settings, with orchestras, and with his wife, the Spanish Flutist Eugenia Moliner, as the Cavatina Duo.	Denis Azabagić	1972
date of birth	Beilby Lawley, 3rd Baron Wenlock GCSI GCIE KCB VD PC (12 May 1849 -- 15 January 1912) was a British soldier, Liberal politician and colonial administrator who was the Governor of Madras from 1891 to 1896.	Beilby Lawley, 3rd Baron Wenlock	12 May 1849
date of birth	Sarah Mahboob Khan (born 9 February 1991) is a Pakistani tennis player who is the leading player in her country and who has reached the furthest for players from her country in international tournaments.	Sarah Mahboob Khan	9 February 1991
date of birth	Carolyn Coman (born October 28, 1951) is an American writer best known for children's books.	Carolyn Coman	1951
date of birth	Dorothea Mitchell (1877--1976), also known as Lady Lumberjack, was a pioneer filmmaker in Canada.	Dorothea Mitchell	1877
date of birth	Dr. Jagannathrao Hegde (born 1943) was the former Sheriff of Mumbai.	Jagannathrao Hegde	1943
date of birth	Zenon Jaskuła (born 4 June 1962) is a Polish former professional racing cyclist from Śrem, who was active in the 1990s.	Zenon Jaskuła	4 June 1962
date of birth	Franco Grilla (born July 21, 1970) is a former American football placekicker who played three seasons in the Arena Football League with the Albany Firebirds and Orlando Predators.	Franco Grilla	1970
date of birth	Abdul Hafiz Mansoor (also spelled Mansur, born in 1963 in the Panjsher Valley) is an Afghan politician.	Abdul Hafiz Mansoor	1963
date of birth	Alexander Kasjanov (Russian: Александр Владимирович Касьянов, born 30 September 1983) is a Russian bobsledder who has competed since 2006.	Alexander Kasjanov	30 September 1983
date of birth	Fu Wenjun (Chinese: 傅文俊; pinyin: Fù Wénjùn, born 1955) graduated from Sichuan Fine Arts Institute.	Fu Wenjun	1955
date of birth	Hanna Lindberg (28 August 1865 - 2 January 1951) was a Swedish Municipal Politician (liberal), feminist and milliner.	Hanna Lindberg	28 August 1865
date of birth	Maulana Wahiduddin Khan (born 1 January 1925) is a noted Islamic scholar and peace activist.	Wahiduddin Khan	1 January 1925
date of birth	Derrick Spiva (born Derrick Spiva Jr; 19 November 1982) is a musician, composer, teacher, and conductor based in the Los Angeles area who often integrates world music practices in his work with classical music communities.	Derrick Spiva	19 November 1982
date of birth	Mario Gooden (Born 1965) is a principal and founder of Huff + Gooden Architects.	Mario Gooden	1965
date of birth	Margo Gunn born 8 February 1956 in Doncaster, West Riding of Yorkshire, England, is an English actress and a fully qualified Drama teacher of Drama and Theatre Studies.	Margo Gunn	8 February 1956
date of birth	András Ágoston (Serbian: Андраш Агоштон, Andraš Agošton) (born 1944) is an ethnic Hungarian politician in Serbia and leader of Democratic Party of Vojvodina Hungarians.	András Ágoston	1944
date of birth	Roy Oxlade (13 January 1929 -- 15 February 2014) was an English painter, writer on art, and an art educator.	Roy Oxlade	13 January 1929
date of birth	Athina Rachel Tsangari (Greek: Αθηνά Τσαγγάρη; born 2 April 1966) is a Greek filmmaker and projection designer who has worked on projects such as the 2004 Olympic Games.	Athina Rachel Tsangari	2 April 1966
date of birth	Vanessa DiMauro (born 1967) is a community builder and researcher whose work focuses on the role learning and decision-making play in online environments.	Vanessa DiMauro	1967
date of birth	Eivind Hjelmtveit (born 16 August 1926) is a Norwegian cultural administrator.	Eivind Hjelmtveit	16 August 1926
date of birth	Prisca Coborn (1622-1701) was a wealthy widow (her husband was a brewer) who established a coeducational school in Bow in 1701, namely Coborn School for Girls through the terms of her will (dated 6 May 1701).	Prisca Coborn	1622
date of birth	Lucas Domínguez Irarrázabal (born 27 October 1989 in Santiago), better known as Lucas Domínguez, is a Chilean professional who plays for Palestino as a Centre back in the Spanish Segunda División.	Lucas Domínguez	27 October 1989
date of birth	Johnny Brenner (born 1971) is a retired Irish hurling midfielder who formerly played with De La Salle GAA at club level and with Waterford GAA at inter-county level.	Johnny Brenner	1971
date of birth	Kane Elgey (born 14 January 1994) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Gold Coast Titans in the National Rugby League.	Kane Elgey	14 January 1994
date of birth	Pedro Pablo Treviño Villarreal (born 13 June 1972 in Monterrey, Nuevo León) is a Mexican lawyer and politician who served as state secretary of Labor in Nuevo León from 2010 until 2012.	Pedro Pablo Treviño Villarreal	13 June 1972
date of birth	Robin van der Laan (born Robertus Petrus van der Laan on 5 September 1968) is a Dutch former footballer who spent most of his senior career in English football.	Robin van der Laan	5 September 1968
date of birth	Miloud Abaoub (born 23 April 1977) is a retired Algerian middle distance runner.	Miloud Abaoub	23 April 1977
date of birth	Peterson Goodwyn (1745 -- February 21, 1818) was a soldier, politician and planter from Virginia.	Peterson Goodwyn	1745
date of birth	Philip Ashton (1702-1746) stayed as a castaway on uninhabited Roatan Island in the Bay of Honduras for 16 months in 1723/1724.	Philip Ashton	1702
date of birth	Minerva Bernardino (1907 -- August 29, 1998) was a diplomat from the Dominican Republic who promoted women's rights internationally, and is best known as one of the four women to sign the original charter of the United Nations.	Minerva Bernardino	1907
date of birth	Mohammad Mozammel Huq (Mohammed Mozammel Huq, born 1860) was one of the greatest poets in Bengal.	Mohammad Mozammel Huq	1860
date of birth	Andrés J. d'Alessio (1940--2009) was an academic, lawyer, and an Argentine judge.	Andrés J. d'Alessio	1940
date of birth	Rafael Galhardo de Souza (born 30 October 1991), known as Rafael Galhardo or simply Galhardo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Belgian club Anderlecht.	Rafael Galhardo	30 October 1991
date of birth	Boris Bershteyn (born 1977) is an Obama administration official who until June 2013 had served as acting Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs.	Boris Bershteyn	1977
date of birth	Apinya Sakuljaroensuk is a Thai actress born on 27 May 1990.	Apinya Sakuljaroensuk	27 May 1990
date of birth	Tal Wilkenfeld (born 2 December 1986) is an Australian bass guitarist who has gained worldwide attention performing alongside some of rock and jazz music's most notable artists.	Tal Wilkenfeld	2 December 1986
date of birth	Swami Shilananda (born Peter Julia in 1925) is a Spanish Jesuit missionary who had lived in India since 1948.	Swami Shilananda	1925
date of birth	Born on April, 23rd 1970, Gee Bayss, of his real name Georges Martin Lopez, made his first steps in music as a club DJ organising and animating special nights in clubs.	Gee Bayss	1970
date of birth	Pete Cashmore (born 18 September 1985) is the CEO and founder of the popular blog Mashable, a Technorati Top 10 blog worldwide.	Pete Cashmore	18 September 1985
date of birth	Juan Antonio Flecha Giannoni (born 17 September 1977) is an Argentine-born Spanish former professional road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2000 and 2013.	Juan Antonio Flecha	17 September 1977
date of birth	Ken Krueger (1926 - November 21, 2009) was an American publisher and retailer.	Ken Krueger	1926
date of birth	Sir Kedarnath Das CIE, MD ( 1867--1936) was a prominent obstetrician and medical educator of India from Calcutta.	Kedarnath Das	1867
date of birth	Bergþóra Árnadóttir (15 February 1948 -- 8 March 2007) was an Icelandic folk song composer and singer.	Bergþóra Árnadóttir	15 February 1948
date of birth	Thomson Chan Tam-Sun (Chinese: 陳譚新; Jyutping: can4 taam4 san1; born 8 May 1941) is a retired football referee from Hong Kong.	Thomson Chan	8 May 1941
date of birth	Dean Winstanley (born 10 February 1981) is an English darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Dean Winstanley	10 February 1981
date of birth	Lyman Stewart (July 22, 1840--September 28, 1923) was a U.S. businessman and co-founder of Union Oil, which eventually became Unocal.	Lyman Stewart	1840
date of birth	Kathleen Wendy Herald Peyton, MBE (born 2 August 1929), who writes primarily as K. M. Peyton, is a British author of fiction for children and young adults.	K. M. Peyton	2 August 1929
date of birth	Casely (born Jean-Carlos Casely 30 November 1985) is an American Pop artist from Miami, Florida.	Casely	30 November 1985
date of birth	Vic Seipke (born 23 April 1932) is an American bodybuilder.	Vic Seipke	23 April 1932
date of birth	Moon Byung-woo (Hangul: 문병우; born 3 May 1986) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Daejeon Korail FC.	Moon Byung-woo	3 May 1986
date of birth	Dyango, born José Gómez Romero on March 5, 1940 in Barcelona, is a Catalan musician.	Dyango	1940
date of birth	Joel Levine (born 1942) is the author of The Corruption of Michael Levitt.	Joel Levine	1942
date of birth	Mohammad Ghouse (15 March 1931 -- 29 September 2014) was a cricket umpire known for umpiring Test and One Day International matches.	Mohammad Ghouse	15 March 1931
date of birth	Charles Edoa Nga (born 17 May 1990) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a striker for Al-Orobah FC in the Saudi Professional League	Charles Edoa	17 May 1990
date of birth	Archer Thompson Gurney (1820--1887) was a Church of England clergyman and hymn writer.	Archer Thompson Gurney	1820
date of birth	Keith William MacLellan (1920--1998) was a soldier, scholar and Canadian diplomat who helped to shape Canada's post war multi-lateral foreign policy and championed the cause of a federal, united, Canada.	Keith William MacLellan	1920
date of birth	James C. Olson (Bradgate, Iowa, 1917 -- August 17, 2005) was an American author and school administrator whose duties included being president of the University of Missouri System.	James C. Olson	1917
date of birth	Gábor Dvorschák (born 14 September 1989) is a Hungarian Defender who is currently play for Haladás.	Gábor Dvorschák	14 September 1989
date of birth	Suzen Johnson (born February 1951) is a former flight attendant, businesswoman and model.	Suzen Johnson	February 1951
date of birth	Sunil Kanoria was born in Kolkata in an Indian Hindu Marwari family on 4 May 1965.	Sunil Kanoria	4 May 1965
date of birth	Gary Maloney (born 1958) is an American political consultant specializing in research, strategy, media and debating for candidates of the Republican National Party.	Gary Maloney	1958
date of birth	Forbes Benignus Winslow DCL, FRCP Edin., MRCP, MRCS, MD, (10 August 1810--3 March 1874) was a British psychiatrist, author and an authority on lunacy during the Victorian era.	Forbes Benignus Winslow	10 August 1810
date of birth	Vlastimil Picek (25 October 1956) is a Czech soldier and politician.	Vlastimil Picek	25 October 1956
date of birth	Thomas John Shillea, (b. 1947) is an American artist, specializing in a variety of media including painting and photography.	Thomas John Shillea	1947
date of birth	Ihor Pavlyuk (sometimes spelled as Ihor Pawlyuk, Igor Pavlyk, Igor Pavluk; Ukrainian: І́гор Зино́війович Павлю́к, Russian: Игорь Зиновьевич Павлюк, born 1 January 1967 in Uzhova, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian writer and research worker.	Ihor Pavlyuk	1 January 1967
date of birth	Federica Falzon (born 17 February 2003) is a Maltese operatic pop singer.	Federica Falzon	17 February 2003
date of birth	Becky Minger (born 1987) is an American beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Ohio 2010 and competed in the Miss America 2011 Pageant on January 15, 2011, in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Becky Minger	1987
date of birth	Novruz Mammadov (born 15 March 1947) is an Azerbaijani professor of French.	Novruz Mammadov	15 March 1947
date of birth	Scott Garnham (born 22 February 1985) is a British professional theatre and TV actor.	Scott Garnham	22 February 1985
date of birth	Laudya Chintya Bella or commonly called Bella (born 24 February 1988) is an Indonesian pop singer, actress, and soap opera star of Sundanese descent.	Laudya Chintya Bella	24 February 1988
date of birth	Commodore Khalid Mahmood Hussain (born 1927), HJ, best known as Commodore K.M. Hussain, is a 1-Star rank naval officer and a war veteran, who is known for his participation in Indo-Pakistani wars and conflicts.	K.M. Hussain	1927
date of birth	Jerry Berger (born June 30, 1933) is an American former press agent, journalist and public relations (PR) practitioner.	Jerry Berger	1933
date of birth	Roy Kennedy, Baron Kennedy of Southwark (born 9 November 1962), is a British Labour Co-operative Party politician and life peer.	Roy Kennedy, Baron Kennedy of Southwark	9 November 1962
date of birth	Zhu Zhi (156--224), courtesy name Junli, was a military general serving under the warlord Sun Quan in the late Eastern Han Dynasty and early Three Kingdoms period.	Zhu Zhi	156
date of birth	Ruth Horam (Hebrew: רות הורם; born 1931, Tel Aviv) is an Israeli painter and sculptor.	Ruth Horam	1931
date of birth	Dick Kaysø, (born 13 February 1947) is a Danish actor.	Dick Kaysø	13 February 1947
date of birth	Pang Qingnian (simplified Chinese: 庞青年; traditional Chinese: 龐青年; born 1956) is a Chinese businessman and owner of Youngman Inc. He was born in Zhejiang province.	Pang Qingnian	1956
date of birth	Masae Komiya (born in Fukuoka on 8 May 1975) is a Japanese goalball player with a congenital visual impairment.	Masae Komiya	8 May 1975
date of birth	Claudio Tencati (born 9 December 1973), is a Brazilian football manager, currently in charge of Londrina.	Claudio Tencati	9 December 1973
date of birth	Humberto Fontova (born 1954) is a Cuban-American author, blogger, political commentator, and conservative polemicist.	Humberto Fontova	1954
date of birth	Herb Roe (born 1974) is a painter of large scale outdoor murals and classical realist oil paintings.	Herb Roe	1974
date of birth	Du Mingxin (Chinese: 杜鸣心; pinyin: Dù Míngxīn; born 1928) is a Chinese composer known for his work on ballets, concertos and a symphonic Beijing Opera.	Du Mingxin	1928
date of birth	Viktor Mokhov (born 22 June 1950 in Skopin, Ryazan Oblast) is a Russian criminal who in 2000 kidnapped 2 girls, 14 and 17 years old, and kept them in a basement for almost 4 years.	Viktor Mokhov	22 June 1950
date of birth	Richard Risley Carlisle (1814--1874) was an American gymnast and acrobat who often performed as Professor Risley.	Richard Risley Carlisle	1814
date of birth	Stuart Cochrane (born 20 July 1978) is a former AFL footballer who played for both North Melbourne Kangaroos and Port Adelaide Power.	Stuart Cochrane	20 July 1978
date of birth	Sargon Duran (born 31 January 1987) is an ethnic Assyrian professional Austrian footballer who currently plays for 1.	Sargon Duran	31 January 1987
date of birth	Joseph F. King (born c. 1948) is a former senior US Customs agent and criminal justice academic.	Joseph F. King	1948
date of birth	Mose Durst (born 1939) is an author, educator, and the former president of the Unification Church of the United States.	Mose Durst	1939
date of birth	José Mariano de Conceição Vellozo (also called José Mariano da Conceição Velloso) (1742 -- 1811) was a Brazilian botanist who catalogued specimens, for example:	José Mariano de Conceição Vellozo	1742
date of birth	Mary Brown Austin (1768--1824) had dramatic influence on early Texas history.	Mary Brown Austin	1768
date of birth	David Asman (/ˈæzmən/; born 1954 in Hollis, New York) is an American television news anchor for the Fox Business Network and the Fox News Channel.	David Asman	1954
date of birth	Bruce Quarrie (1947 in London -- September 4, 2004) was an English author and historian.	Bruce Quarrie	1947
date of birth	Erkin Koray (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈeɾcin ˈkoɾaɪ̯), born 24 June 1941) is a Turkish singer-songwriter, guitarist and one of the pioneers of Anatolian rock.	Erkin Koray	24 June 1941
date of birth	Grzegorz Miśtal (born 19 January 1973 in Kraków) - Polish movie actor and TV actor, and theater actor.	Grzegorz Miśtal	19 January 1973
date of birth	Muhammad Zaid Patel (born 4 January 1994) is a South African football (soccer) striker who plays for Bidvest Wits.	Zaid Patel	4 January 1994
date of birth	Laure Thibaud (born 2 July 1978) is a French former synchronized swimmer.	Laure Thibaud	2 July 1978
date of birth	Steven Vogel (April 7, 1940 -- November 24, 2015) was an American biomechanics researcher, the James B. Duke professor in the Department of Biology at Duke University.	Steven Vogel	1940
date of birth	James Stitt (1804--November 23, 1891) was High Constable of Toronto.	James Stitt	1804
date of birth	James Costley (1862 -- 1931) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Everton.	James Costley	1862
date of birth	Josef Wilhelm (1892 -- 1956) was a Swiss gymnast and Olympic Champion.	Josef Wilhelm	1892
date of birth	Garen Ewing (born 1969, England) is an illustrator, designer and most notably a comic creator, being the writer and illustrator of The Adventures of Julius Chancer - The Rainbow Orchid.	Garen Ewing	1969
date of birth	Roland A. Steiner (ca. 1840 - January 12, 1906) was a physician, planter, folklorist, and amateur archaeologist who resided in Georgia for most of his life.	Roland A. Steiner	1840
date of birth	Ellen Biddle Shipman (1869--1950) was an American landscape architect known for her formal gardens and lush planting style.	Ellen Biddle Shipman	1869
date of birth	Prithu Baskota (Nepali: पृथु बाँसकोटा) (born 5 July 1992) is a Nepalese cricketer.	Prithu Baskota	5 July 1992
date of birth	Sun Shenglu (Chinese: 孙生禄, 1928 in Dingxing County, Hebei - December 3, 1952) was a MiG-15 pilot of the People's Republic of China.	Sun Shenglu	1928
date of birth	Shadi Ghosheh (born 5 December 1987) is a football player who plays for Monopoli.	Shadi Ghosheh	5 December 1987
date of birth	Liu Guanglong (born 1958) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in North China's Shanxi province.	Liu Guanglong	1958
date of birth	Richard Grelling (11 June 1853 − 14 January 1929 ) was a German lawyer, writer and pacifist.	Richard Grelling	11 June 1853
date of birth	Slobodan Trninić (born 14 January 1953) is an award-winning Croatian cinematographer.	Slobodan Trninić	14 January 1953
date of birth	Linda S. Dalianis (born 1948) is the current Chief Justice of the New Hampshire Supreme Court and the first woman to serve on that court.	Linda S. Dalianis	1948
date of birth	Gino Felixdaal (born 5 January 1990) is a Dutch professional footballer who is currently without a club.	Gino Felixdaal	5 January 1990
date of birth	Matt Bowman (born 1969) is an American professional wrestler, best known by his ring name ``Wiseguy'' Jimmy Cicero, who has worked for the United States Wrestling Association, Extreme Championship Wrestling, the World Wrestling Federation and various other promotions on the independent circuit.	Jimmy Cicero	1969
date of birth	Alex Ingram (born 2 January 1945) is a former professional footballer, who spent most of his career at Ayr United and since 2008 has been the vice chairman of Ayr United.	Alex Ingram	2 January 1945
date of birth	Thandi Modise (born 25 December 1959, Vryburg) is a South African politician, currently serving as chairperson of the National Council of Provinces.	Thandi Modise	25 December 1959
date of birth	Martin A. Siegel (born 1948) is a former respected investment banker who became embroiled in the insider trading scandals of the 1980s, alongside Ivan Boesky and Michael Milken.	Martin A. Siegel	1948
date of birth	Rasmus Marvits (born 14 July 1978) is a former Danish professional football defender, who last played for the Danish Superliga side Lyngby BK.	Rasmus Marvits	14 July 1978
date of birth	Martin McDonnell (27 April 1924 -- 13 April 1988) was an English footballer who played as a centre half.	Martin McDonnell	27 April 1924
date of birth	Sossina M. Haile (born 1966) is an Ethiopian-American chemist.	Sossina M. Haile	1966
date of birth	Thomas Geoffry Lucas (6 June 1872 -- 3 October 1947), generally known as Geoffry Lucas, but often found incorrectly spelt as Geoffrey Lucas, was a 20th-century English architect.	Thomas Geoffry Lucas	6 June 1872
date of birth	Karl Bricker (born 21 December 1923) was a Swiss cross country skier who competed in the 1940s and in the 1950s.	Karl Bricker	21 December 1923
date of birth	Satyapal Chandra (सत्यपाल चन्द्रा ستیاپال چندرا ) born 1 November 1987 is an Indian author, Entrepreneur, director, screenwriter, lyricist and motivational speaker.	Satyapal Chandra	1 November 1987
date of birth	Bob Jessop FAcSS (born 3 March 1946) is a British academic and writer who has published extensively on state theory and political economy.	Bob Jessop	3 March 1946
date of birth	Angelo Panelli (c. 1887 -- c. 1967) was an Italian stamp forger, operating from Sanremo in the 1920s and 30s.	Angelo Panelli	1887
date of birth	Jimmy Turnbull (born 23 May 1884 in Bannockburn) was a Scottish football player.	Jimmy Turnbull	23 May 1884
date of birth	Marilyn Wann (born 1966) is an American author and an activist in the fat acceptance movement.	Marilyn Wann	1966
date of birth	Peter Chambers (born 14 March 1990) is a British rower, and is the brother of fellow rower Richard Chambers.	Peter Chambers	14 March 1990
date of birth	Veli Karahoda (born 4 January 1968) is an Albanian writer, poet, novelist and essayist.	Veli Karahoda	4 January 1968
date of birth	Terézia Mora ((ˈtɛreːziɒ ˈmorɒ); born 5 February 1971) is a Hungarian writer, screenwriter and translator.	Terézia Mora	5 February 1971
date of birth	August Möbs (8 August 1908 -- 4 February 1944) was a German footballer.	August Möbs	8 August 1908
date of birth	Ljubodrag Milošević (Macedonian: Љубодраг Милошевиќ; born 12 November 1969) is a retired Macedonian international football player and coach.	Ljubodrag Milošević	12 November 1969
date of birth	Craig Silvey (born 1982) is an Australian novelist and musician.	Craig Silvey	1982
date of birth	Luke Burton (born 17 February 1994) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays for the Western Force in Super Rugby.	Luke Burton	17 February 1994
date of birth	Brendan McWilliams (7 August 1944 -- 22 October 2007) was an Irish meteorologist and science writer.	Brendan McWilliams	7 August 1944
date of birth	Jorge José Emiliano dos Santos (19 March 1954) is a Brazilian football referee, known for his flamboyant style.	Jorge José Emiliano dos Santos	19 March 1954
date of birth	Guillermo Owen (born 1938) is a Colombian mathematician, and Professor of Applied Mathematics at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California, known for his work in Game Theory.	Guillermo Owen	1938
date of birth	Yassin Moutaouakil (Arabic: ياسين المتوكل‎; born 18 July 1986) is a French footballer of Moroccan descent.	Yassin Moutaouakil	18 July 1986
date of birth	Prince Janusz Wiśniowiecki (1598--1636) was Polish nobleman, koniuszy wielki koronny (i.e. High Royal Equerry) from 1633, starost of Krzemieniec.	Janusz Wiśniowiecki	1598
date of birth	Ivo Ferriani (born 5 March 1960) is an Italian bobsledder and sports official.	Ivo Ferriani	5 March 1960
date of birth	Irene Luxbacher, born December 10, 1970 in Toronto, Canada is an artist, an author and children's book illustrator.	Irene Luxbacher	1970
date of birth	Antonio Azzopardi (25 January 1805 - 23 January 1881) was the first Maltese free settler in Australia He was born in Zejtun, Malta to Angelo Azzopardi (merchant) and Euphemia Cachia and emigrated to Victoria on board the Mary Hay in 1839.	Antonio Azzopardi	25 January 1805
date of birth	Erich Schiffmann (born 1953 in Los Angeles, California) is an accomplished American Yoga Master widely known for his award-winning video, Yoga Mind & Body, featuring actress Ali MacGraw.	Erich Schiffmann	1953
date of birth	Shahar Banu Begum (1663 -- ?) better known as Padshah Bibi, was Empress consort of the Mughal Empire as the third and last wife of Emperor Muhammad Azam Shah.	Shahar Banu Begum	1663
date of birth	Leon Gardikiotis (Greek: Λεωνίδας Γαρδικιώτης, born 27 February 1964) is a Greek-Australian soccer coach and retired player.	Leon Gardikiotis	27 February 1964
date of birth	Louis Nicollin (born 29 June 1943), is a French entrepreneur and director of the Nicollin Company, which specializes in the collection and reprocessing of household and industrial waste.	Louis Nicollin	29 June 1943
date of birth	Jirapong Meenapra (Thai: จิระพงศ์ มีนาพระ; RTGS: Chiraphong Minaphra, born 11 May 1993) is a Thai sprinter who specialises in the 100 metres.	Jirapong Meenapra	11 May 1993
date of birth	Jane Symons (born 1959) is an Australian media consultant, journalist and author based in London.	Jane Symons	1959
date of birth	Jennifer Ness (born in Cheshire, England in 1972) is an English actress best known for her role as Kris Yates in the ITV drama Bad Girls.	Jennifer Ness	1972
date of birth	Václav Zapletal (born 30 August 1985) is a retired professional Czech football player who played in the Czech First League for FC Tescoma Zlín.	Václav Zapletal	30 August 1985
date of birth	Miao Wei (Chinese: 苗圩; born May 1955) is a politician and business executive of the People's Republic of China.	Miao Wei	May 1955
date of birth	JonOne (born John Andrew Perello, 1963), also known as Jon156, is an American graffiti artist.	JonOne	1963
date of birth	Åke Parmerud (born 24 July 1953) is a Swedish composer, musician, and multimedia artist noted for his acoustic and electronic works, which have been performed mostly in Europe, Mexico, and Canada.	Åke Parmerud	24 July 1953
date of birth	Allan de Noronha (born 1951), commonly called Chhotebhai, is an Indian writer who was president of the All India Catholic Union (AICU) from 1990 to 1994.	Allan de Noronha	1951
date of birth	Milorad Zečević (Serbian Cyrillic: Милорад Зечевић; born 26 October 1972) is a Serbian retired footballer who spent most of his career playing with FK Smederevo.	Milorad Zečević	26 October 1972
date of birth	Menhaj Huda (born 20 March 1967) is a Bangladesh-born British film and television director and producer best known for the film Kidulthood.	Menhaj Huda	20 March 1967
date of birth	Chamara Kantha Kapugedera (Sinhalese: චාමර කාන්ත කපුගෙදර; or commonly Chamara Kapugedera, born 24 February 1987 in Kandy) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer plays for ODIs and T20Is.	Chamara Kapugedera	24 February 1987
date of birth	Sanne van Kerkhof (born 27 March 1987) is a Dutch short track speed skater.	Sanne van Kerkhof	27 March 1987
date of birth	Daráine Mulvihill (Irish: Daráine Ní Mhaolmhichil) (born c. 1983 ) is an Irish television personality.	Daráine Mulvihill	1983
date of birth	Oľga Keltošová (née Suchalová; 27 February 1943 in Pezinok) is a former Slovak politician.	Oľga Keltošová	27 February 1943
date of birth	Granit Taropin was born in the city of Peltun on North Sakhalin Island in Russia on February 23, 1940.	Granit Taropin	1940
date of birth	Paul Couillard (born 1961) is a Canadian performance artist and new media artist, writer and curator.	Paul Couillard	1961
date of birth	Jeff Ranieri (born in 1978) is a Chief Meteorologist for NBC O&O station KNTV in the San Francisco Bay Area.	Jeff Ranieri	1978
date of birth	Caesar Otway (1780--1842) was born at Castle Otway near Nenagh, Co. Tipperary, Ireland in 1780.	Caesar Otway	1780
date of birth	Bohdan Nikishyn (Ukrainian: Богдан Сергійович Нікішин; born 29 May 1980) is a Ukrainian épée fencer, team gold medallist in the 2015 World Fencing Championships and team silver medallist in the 2010 European Fencing Championships.	Bohdan Nikishyn	29 May 1980
date of birth	Denny Gigliotti (born 20 July 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as a Defender.	Denny Gigliotti	20 July 1991
date of birth	Scott Tixier (born 26 February 1986) is an award-winning French jazz violinist and a recording artist.	Scott Tixier	26 February 1986
date of birth	James Preller (born February 1, 1961) is an American writer of children's books including Bystander, Six Innings, and the Jigsaw Jones Mysteries.	James Preller	1961
date of birth	Astrid Muñoz (born 1974) is a Puerto Rican model turned photographer.	Astrid Muñoz	1974
date of birth	Daniel Richler (born 1957) is a Canadian arts and pop culture broadcaster and writer.	Daniel Richler	1957
date of birth	Paolo Monaldi (1710 -- after 1779) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque or Rococo style, known for painting Bambocciata, or genre scenes of public activities.	Paolo Monaldi	1710
date of birth	Charles Konan Banny (born 11 November 1942) was Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire from 7 December 2005 until 4 April 2007.	Charles Konan Banny	11 November 1942
date of birth	Jubril Martins-Kuye (born 16 August 1942) was appointed Nigerian minister of Commerce and Industry on 6 April 2010, when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.	Jubril Martins-Kuye	16 August 1942
date of birth	Margaret Clement or Clements (1508--1570), née Giggs, was one of the most learned women of the Tudor era and the foster daughter of Sir Thomas More.	Margaret Clement	1508
date of birth	Francis Tebbs Havergal (1829--1890), author and editor.	Francis Tebbs Havergal	1829
date of birth	Fauzia Kasuri (Urdu: فوزیہ قصوری‎, born 8 September 1952) is a Pakistani politician and is one of the central figures of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.	Fauzia Kasuri	8 September 1952
date of birth	Rie Takaki (高木 理江 Takaki Rie, born 9 August 1983) is a former Japanese volleyball player who played for JT Marvelous.	Rie Takaki	9 August 1983
date of birth	Donovan Carlos Saverio Slijngard (born 28 August 1987), simply known as Donovan Slijngard (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈslɛiŋɣɑrt)), is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender for Lithuanian A Lyga club Žalgiris Vilnius.	Donovan Slijngard	28 August 1987
date of birth	Wagih Aziz (Arabic: وجيه عزيز‎) (born 1961) is an Egyptian composer and singer who has had his debut back in 1988.	Wagih Aziz	1961
date of birth	Ralph Bates (12 February 1940 -- 27 March 1991) was an English film and television actor, known for his role in the British sitcom Dear John and for being one of Hammer Horror's best-known actors from the latter period of the company.	Ralph Bates	12 February 1940
date of birth	Delroy Thompson (born 12 April 1965), better known by his stage name Pinchers, is a Jamaican reggae and dancehall artist.	Pinchers	12 April 1965
date of birth	Philip Manley Boyce (born 20 September 1949) is an Australian psychiatrist.	Philip Manley Boyce	20 September 1949
date of birth	Cleo Sylvestre (born 19 April 1945) is an English actress in film, stage and television.	Cleo Sylvestre	19 April 1945
date of birth	Dusan Aleksic (born 7 April 1991 in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a water polo player of Canada.	Dusan Aleksic	7 April 1991
date of birth	Malcolm Eccles (born 1969 in Whitehaven, Cumbria) is a utilities senior executive.	Malcolm Eccles	1969
date of birth	Vance Peterson (born in 1953) is a retired United States Army lieutenant colonel and a district court judge in Spokane County, Washington.	Vance Peterson	1953
date of birth	Brian Barwick (born 21 June 1954), is an English sports administrator who serves as the Chairman of the Rugby Football League (RFL) and Super League Europe Ltd and is a Board member of the Rugby League International Federation (RLIF).	Brian Barwick	21 June 1954
date of birth	Rodrigo Pallares (Quito, 1925 -- February 7, 2009) was an Ecuadorian architect and promoter of Ecuadorian culture.	Rodrigo Pallares	1925
date of birth	Arthur Edward Jeune ``James'' Collins (18 August 1885 -- 11 November 1914), typically now known by his initials A. E. J. Collins, was an English cricketer and soldier.	A. E. J. Collins	18 August 1885
date of birth	Tolgay Özbey (born 12 April 1986) is an Australian soccer player, who currently plays for Rockdale City Suns in the National Premier Leagues NSW as a Striker.	Tolgay Özbey	12 April 1986
date of birth	Josphat Kiprono Menjo (born 20 August 1979) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specialises in track and road running.	Josphat Kiprono Menjo	20 August 1979
date of birth	Paul-René Albertini (1964) is a global music industry executive.	Paul-René Albertini	1964
date of birth	Harry Crandall (1879--1937) was an American businessman, who owned a theater empire.	Harry Crandall	1879
date of birth	Andrew Kötting (born on 16 December 1959) is a British artist, writer and film-maker.	Andrew Kötting	16 December 1959
date of birth	William V, Duke of Jülich (c. 1299 -- 25/26 February 1361) was a German nobleman.	William V, Duke of Jülich	1299
date of birth	Antoon Stillemans (10 December 1832, Sint-Niklaas -- 5 November 1916, Ghent) was a Belgian bishop.	Antoon Stillemans	10 December 1832
date of birth	Sean Kearns (born 24 December 1968 in North Vancouver, British Columbia) is a filmmaker, producer and entrepreneur who gained public attention during the late '80s and early '90s as a professional snowboarder and a sponsored skateboarder.	Sean Kearns	24 December 1968
date of birth	John H. Walton (born 1952) is professor of Old Testament at Wheaton College.	John H. Walton	1952
date of birth	Frederick Stuart Greene (1870 - March 26, 1939), was Superintendent of Public Works of New York State.	Frederick Stuart Greene	1870
date of birth	Ehud Ratzabi (Hebrew: אהוד רצאבי‎‎, born 30 July 1953) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui between 2003 and 2006.	Ehud Ratzabi	30 July 1953
date of birth	Murad Hüseynov (Azerbaijani: Murad Hüseynov, born 25 January 1989) is an Azerbaijani football player who last played for the Latvian Higher League club Daugava Daugavpils.	Murad Hüseynov	25 January 1989
date of birth	Mikey Cuthbert (born July 1972, Southend on Sea) is an English singer-songwriter still based in Essex.	Mikey Cuthbert	1972
date of birth	Aliaksei Abalmasau (or Aleksey Abalmasov, Belarusian: Аляксей Абалмасаў, born 20 June 1980) is a Belarusian sprint canoer who has competed since 1998.	Aliaksei Abalmasau	20 June 1980
date of birth	Larisa Alexandrovna (born 1971) is a journalist, essayist, and poet.	Larisa Alexandrovna	1971
date of birth	Karolína Kurková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkaroliːna ˈkurkovaː); born 28 February 1984), also Karolina Kurkova, is a Czech model, best known as a former Victoria's Secret Angel, and actress.	Karolína Kurková	28 February 1984
date of birth	Frances Pitsilis (born 2 May 1959), also known as Dr. Frances, is an integrated medicine doctor and radio and television personality.	Frances Pitsilis	2 May 1959
date of birth	Pietro De Negri, better known as Er Canaro (Roman dialect: ``the dog keeper''; born 28 September 1956), is an Italian criminal, a dog coiffeur (hence the nickname) and a cocaine addict.	Er Canaro	28 September 1956
date of birth	Arpinder Singh (30 December 1992) is an Indian triple jumper.	Arpinder Singh	30 December 1992
date of birth	Philippa of Dreux, Dame de Coucy (1192--1242) was a daughter of Robert II of Dreux and his second wife Yolande de Coucy.	Philippa of Dreux	1192
date of birth	Magnus Isacsson (1948 - August 2, 2012) was a Canadian documentary filmmaker whose films investigated contemporary political issues and topics in social activism.	Magnus Isacsson	1948
date of birth	Yigal Naor (Hebrew: יגאל נאור‎; born 1958) is an Israeli actor.	Yigal Naor	1958
date of birth	Myriam El Khomri (born 18 February 1978) is a French politician, the current Minister of Labour.	Myriam El Khomri	18 February 1978
date of birth	Vincenzo Musolino (9 May 1930 -- 9 May 1969) was an Italian actor, director, producer and screenwriter.	Vincenzo Musolino	9 May 1930
date of birth	Gwendolyn Yates Whittle (born 1961) is a two-time Academy Award nominated sound editor.	Gwendolyn Yates Whittle	1961
date of birth	Francis Russell, 4th Earl of Bedford PC (1593 -- 9 May 1641) was an English politician.	Francis Russell, 4th Earl of Bedford	1593
date of birth	Peter Cloke (born 2 July 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and North Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Peter Cloke	2 July 1951
date of birth	Mitchell Clegg (born 12 November 1990) is an Australian darts player.	Mitchell Clegg	12 November 1990
date of birth	Himanshi Shelat (8 January 1947) is Gujarati author.	Himanshi Shelat	8 January 1947
date of birth	Dirang Moloi (born 28 November 1985) is a Botswana international footballer, who plays for DR Congolese club CS Don Bosco in the Linafoot.	Dirang Moloi	28 November 1985
date of birth	Ileana Stana-Ionescu (born 14 September 1936 in Brad, Hunedoara) is a Romanian actress and politician.	Ileana Stana-Ionescu	1936
date of birth	Mark Bolton (born 3 April 1979) is a retired Australian rules footballer.	Mark Bolton	3 April 1979
date of birth	William Hanes (born 24 January 1974 in Kentucky, U.S.) is an American sledder from Kasilof, Alaska, USA.	William Hanes	24 January 1974
date of birth	Rear Admiral Richard John Lippiett CB CBE DL (born 7 July 1949) is a former senior Royal Navy officer who became Commandant of the Joint Services Command and Staff College.	John Lippiett	7 July 1949
date of birth	Juan Bilbao Mintegi, known as Juanín (born 16 September 1900) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a forward.	Juan Bilbao Mintegi	16 September 1900
date of birth	Helen Anker (born 1972, Banbury, Oxfordshire) is an actress and singer who trained at the Royal Ballet School and Bird College.	Helen Anker	1972
date of birth	Brandon Williams (born 1984), better known by his stage name Urban Mystic, is an American Hip hop soul singer.	Urban Mystic	1984
date of birth	David Sandlin (born 1956) is a Northern Irish-born American artist.	David Sandlin	1956
date of birth	Lieutenant Colonel Eugene K. Bird (11 March 1926 -- October 28, 2005) was US Commandant of the Spandau Allied Prison from 1964 to 1972 where, together with six others, Deputy Führer Rudolf Hess was incarcerated.	Eugene K. Bird	11 March 1926
date of birth	Gudmund Skjeldal (born 4 September 1970) is a Norwegian cross-country skier and writer.	Gudmund Skjeldal	4 September 1970
date of birth	Fabrizio Barbazza (born 2 April 1963) is an Italian former Formula One driver who raced for the AGS and Minardi teams and was the 1987 Indianapolis 500 Rookie of the Year.	Fabrizio Barbazza	2 April 1963
date of birth	Meriol Trevor (15 April 1919 -- 12 January 2000) was one of the most prolific Roman Catholic women writers of the twentieth century.	Meriol Trevor	15 April 1919
date of birth	Robert Brasseur (19 November 1870 -- 15 February 1934) was a Luxembourgish politician, jurist, and journalist.	Robert Brasseur	19 November 1870
date of birth	Hartmut Hegeler (born 11 June 1946 in Bremen) is a German Protestant pastor and author, who is engaged to exonerate the victims of the witch hunt in Europe and has a homepage about Anton Praetorius.	Hartmut Hegeler	11 June 1946
date of birth	Sally Carr (born 28 March 1945) is a Scottish singer, best known as the lead singer of the 1970s pop group Middle of the Road.	Sally Carr	28 March 1945
date of birth	Adrian Pecknold (1920--1999) was a Canadian mime, director, and author of the book Mime:	Adrian Pecknold	1920
date of birth	Dr. Michael T. McGuire (born 1929) is an American psychiatrist who has made contributions to the theory of psychoanalysis, biological psychiatry, evolutionary biology, sociobiology and the theory and practice of psychiatry.	Michael T. McGuire	1929
date of birth	Neville Sayers (born 19 January 1927) is an Australian former modern pentathlete and sports shooter.	Neville Sayers	19 January 1927
date of birth	Alexey Gogua (Abkhaz: Алықьса Ноча-иҧа Гәагәуа; born 15 March 1932 in Gup village, Ochamchira District, Abkhaz SSR) is an Abkhaz writer.	Alexey Gogua	15 March 1932
date of birth	Murat Günak born 9 August 1957 in Istanbul, is the former head designer of Volkswagen.	Murat Günak	9 August 1957
date of birth	Sharon Bayes (later Speers, born 5 February 1965) is a Canadian former field hockey goalkeeper.	Sharon Bayes	5 February 1965
date of birth	Joey ten Berge (born 18 October 1985 in The Hague) is a Dutch darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation tournaments.	Joey ten Berge	18 October 1985
date of birth	Joss Naylor, MBE (born on 10 February 1936 at Wasdale Head) is an English fell runner, and a sheep farmer, living in the English Lake District.	Joss Naylor	10 February 1936
date of birth	Hajji Raden Mochtar (born 1918), often credited as Rd Mochtar, was an Indonesian actor.	Rd Mochtar	1918
date of birth	Annie Baker (born April 1981) is an American playwright and teacher who won the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for her play The Flick.	Annie Baker	1981
date of birth	Tomoko Konoike (鴻池朋子) (born Akita, Japan, 1960) is a Japanese artist.	Tomoko Konoike	1960
date of birth	Lindsay Hyde (born 1982) is the founder and President of Strong Women, Strong Girls, Inc. (SWSG), a Massachusetts-based not-for-profit organization that helps at-risk girls in grades 3-5 build positive self-esteem and skills.	Lindsay Hyde	1982
date of birth	Ingrid Caven (born 3 August 1938) is a German film actress and singer.	Ingrid Caven	3 August 1938
date of birth	James Ambrosini (born Brisbane, 5 June 1991) is an Australian-born Italian rugby union player.	James Ambrosini	5 June 1991
date of birth	Raul Usupov (Georgian: რაულ უსუფოვი / Raul Usupovi; Azeri: Raul Yusupov) (1980 -- February 3, 2005) was a politician in the nation of Georgia and deputy governor of Kvemo Kartli region.	Raul Usupov	1980
date of birth	Karin Elharar Hartstein (Hebrew: קארין אלהרר הרטשטיין‎, born 9 October 1977) is an Israeli lawyer and politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Yesh Atid	Karin Elharar	9 October 1977
date of birth	John Nevil Maskelyne (22 December 1839 -- 18 May 1917) was an English stage magician and inventor of the pay toilet, along with many other Victorian-era devices.	John Nevil Maskelyne	22 December 1839
date of birth	Jaime Humberto Hermosillo (born 22 January 1942) is a Mexican film director, often compared to Spain's Pedro Almodóvar.	Jaime Humberto Hermosillo	22 January 1942
date of birth	Dorion Sagan (born 1959 in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American science writer, essayist, and theorist.	Dorion Sagan	1959
date of birth	Mhairi McKay (born 18 April 1975) is a Scottish professional golfer who plays mainly on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour and is also a member of the Ladies European Tour.	Mhairi McKay	18 April 1975
date of birth	Fabian Götze (born 3 June 1990) is a German footballer, who last played for SpVgg Unterhaching.	Fabian Götze	3 June 1990
date of birth	Joe L. Heaton (born 1951), is the Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma.	Joe L. Heaton	1951
date of birth	János Vass (4 May 1873 -- 19 April 1936) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Religion in 1919.	János Vass	4 May 1873
date of birth	Jacek Pałkiewicz (born 2 June 1942) is a Polish journalist, traveler and explorer.	Jacek Pałkiewicz	2 June 1942
date of birth	Kate Bellingham (born Katherine Bellingham in 1963, Buckrose -- east/north Yorkshire) is a British engineer and television presenter most widely known for her role presenting the BBC science show Tomorrow's World from 1990--1994.	Kate Bellingham	1963
date of birth	Allaert van Everdingen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑlaːrt fɑn ˈeːvərˌdɪŋə(n)), bapt. 18 June 1621 - 8 November 1675 (buried)), was a Dutch Golden Age painter and printmaker in etching and mezzotint.	Allaert van Everdingen	1621
date of birth	Giuseppe Pambieri (born 18 November 1944) is an Italian stage, television and film actor.	Giuseppe Pambieri	18 November 1944
date of birth	Slavko Ćuruvija (Serbian Cyrillic: Славко Ћурувија; 9 August 1949 -- 11 April 1999) was a Serbian journalist and newspaper publisher.	Slavko Ćuruvija	9 August 1949
date of birth	Nguyễn Văn Minh Tiến (born in 1974) is an electronic worker in Tân Phú ward, Hồ Chí Minh City, Vietnam who has caught hundreds of criminals and plunderers in Hồ Chí Minh city.	Nguyễn Văn Minh Tiến	1974
date of birth	Sally Crossing, AM (b. 1946) is a consumer health advocate and founder of the Breast Cancer Action Group.	Sally Crossing	1946
date of birth	Song Zhiguang (Chinese: 宋之光) (1916 - 2005) was a Chinese diplomat.	Song Zhiguang	1916
date of birth	Theodor Zwinger the Elder (2 August 1533 -- 10 March 1588) was a Swiss physician and humanist scholar.	Theodor Zwinger	2 August 1533
date of birth	Oronde Ash (born 16 February 1976) is a retired footballer born in Barrouallie, St Vincent.	Oronde Ash	16 February 1976
date of birth	Kathleen O'Kelly-Kennedy (born 21 June 1986) is a 4.0 point Australian wheelchair basketball player who plays forward-centre.	Kathleen O'Kelly-Kennedy	21 June 1986
date of birth	Bernadette Farrell (born 1957) is a British Catholic hymnwriter whose works have gained popularity among Christians of a variety of denominations.	Bernadette Farrell	1957
date of birth	Terence Kearley, 3rd Viscount Devonport (born 29 August 1944), is a British peer.	Terence Kearley, 3rd Viscount Devonport	29 August 1944
date of birth	Robert Stirling Hore Anderson, MLC (1821 -- 26 October 1883) was an Irish-born solicitor and Australian colonial (Victorian) parliamentarian.	Robert Stirling Hore Anderson	1821
date of birth	Fran Detela (3 December 1850 -- 11 July 1926) was a Slovenian writer and university professor.	Fran Detela	3 December 1850
date of birth	Jay Tibshraeny (pronunciation: /ˈtɪbʃreɪniː/ TIB-shray-nee, born in 1954) is a politician, former senator in the Arizona Senate, and mayor of Chandler, Arizona for the second time.	Jay Tibshraeny	1954
date of birth	Toby Cockerell (born 17 October 1976 in London) is an English actor who played the part of Scott Windsor in ITV's Emmerdale from 1993--1996.	Toby Cockerell	17 October 1976
date of birth	``Sweet'' Sue Terry (born 1959) is a jazz saxophonist and composer.	Sue Terry	1959
date of birth	Urvashi Butalia (born 1952) is an Indian feminist and publisher.	Urvashi Butalia	1952
date of birth	Rory Allen (born 17 October 1977) is an English ex-professional football player.	Rory Allen	17 October 1977
date of birth	Jean Curthoys (born 1947) is an Australian feminist philosopher.	Jean Curthoys	1947
date of birth	Euan Norris (born 29 October 1977) is a Scottish football referee active in the Scottish Premier League.	Euan Norris	29 October 1977
date of birth	Carolyn Wilson (born 11 March 1959) is one of Great Britain's most successful synchronized swimmers.	Carolyn Wilson	11 March 1959
date of birth	Aruna Roy (born 26 June 1946) is an Indian political and social activist who founded the Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan (MKSS) (``Workers and Peasants Strength Union'') along with Shankar Singh, Nikhil Dey and many others.	Aruna Roy	26 June 1946
date of birth	Juliet Glass (born 1968) is a writer and food critic, who formerly lived in Minneapolis.	Juliet Glass	1968
date of birth	Dimitri Kitsikis (Greek: Δημήτρης Κιτσίκης; born 2 June 1935) is a Greek Turkologist, Professor of International Relations and Geopolitics.	Dimitri Kitsikis	2 June 1935
date of birth	Michael Fitzgerald Page (AM) (born 2 February 1922) is a British-born Australian writer, editor, advertising executive, world war two veteran and merchant sailor.	Michael Fitzgerald Page	2 February 1922
date of birth	Victor Lind (born 15 December 1940) is a Norwegian painter and sculptor.	Victor Lind	15 December 1940
date of birth	Rebecca Bell (born 1953) is an environmental educational specialist from Maryland, United States.	Rebecca Bell	1953
date of birth	Lope Díaz II de Haro ``Cabeza Brava'' (b. 1170 -- d. November 15, 1236) was a Spanish noble of the House of Haro, the sixth Lord of Biscay, founder of the municipality of Plentzia, and lord of Álava from 1252--1274.	Lope Díaz II de Haro	1170
date of birth	Roger Lawson Gamble (1787 -- December 20, 1847) was a United States Representative and lawyer from Georgia.	Roger Lawson Gamble	1787
date of birth	Nori Dalisay (born 1938) is a Filipina actress, who played mostly as supporting to lead star made dozens of movies under her home studio Sampaguita Pictures Dalisay made her first movie via Chavacano top billed by Dolphy.	Nori Dalisay	1938
date of birth	Zbigniew Bródka (Polish pronunciation: (ˈzbiɡɲɛf ˈbrutka); born 8 October 1984) is a Polish speed skater and a 2014 Olympic champion in 1500 metres.	Zbigniew Bródka	8 October 1984
date of birth	Marcus Bierich (29 April 1926 in Hamburg - 25 November 2000 in Stuttgart) was CFO for Mannesmann AG from 1961-1980 (what became Vodafone) in Düsseldorf;	Marcus Bierich	29 April 1926
date of birth	Daisy Zamora (20 June 1950 in Managua, Nicaragua) is one of the most prominent figures in contemporary Latin American poetry.	Daisy Zamora	20 June 1950
date of birth	Aaron Hadlow (born 4 October 1988) is a professional kiteboarder who has won the Pro Kiteboard Riders' Association (PKRA) World Championships five times.	Aaron Hadlow	4 October 1988
date of birth	William Tomlin (15 September 1866 in Broughton Astley, Leicestershire, England -- 11 May 1910 in Leicester, England) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for Leicestershire from 1894-1899 and as a professional in the Lancashire League.	William Tomlin	15 September 1866
date of birth	Oksana Romanenkova, née Hutornaja, (born 1 November 1970 in Tallinn) is an Estonian figure skating coach and former competitor.	Oksana Romanenkova	1970
date of birth	Myra Adele Logan (1908--1977) was an African American physician, surgeon and anatomist.	Myra Adele Logan	1908
date of birth	Princess Basmah Bani Ahmad of Jordan, (Basma Mahmoud Hassan Bani-Ahmad; born 1979) is the second wife of Prince Hamzah bin Al Hussein of Jordan.	Princess Basmah Bani Ahmad	1979
date of birth	Darwin Ortiz (born 1948) is a magician, who is an authority on gambling and card manipulation.	Darwin Ortiz	1948
date of birth	Edward Henryson (French: Henry Édouard, Latin: Henricius Eduardus) (1522--c.1590) was a Scottish judge, known also as a jurist and classical scholar.	Edward Henryson	1522
date of birth	Séamus Conneely (born 9 July 1988) is an Irish footballer who plays as a right back for Accrington Stanley.	Séamus Conneely	9 July 1988
date of birth	Leland Stanford Morgan (aka Le Morgan; 9 June 1886 San Francisco -- 12 August 1981 Oakland, California) was an American commercial artist.	Leland Stanford Morgan	9 June 1886
date of birth	Giles Deacon (born 1969) is a British fashion designer, best known for his playful designs and his collaboration with High Street retailer New Look.	Giles Deacon	1969
date of birth	Mads Torry (born 13 May 1986) is a former professional Danish football player, who retired in the summer of 2013 while playing for Vanløse IF.	Mads Torry	13 May 1986
date of birth	Opilio Rossi (14 May 1910 -- 9 February 2004) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and president of the Pontifical Council for the Laity.	Opilio Rossi	14 May 1910
date of birth	Anibal Quijano (born 1928, Yungay) is a Peruvian sociologist and humanist thinker, known for having developed the concept of ``coloniality of power''.	Anibal Quijano	1928
date of birth	Jerry Izenberg (born 1930) is a sports journalist with the The Newark Star-Ledger in Newark, New Jersey.	Jerry Izenberg	1930
date of birth	Edith Helena (1876--1956) was an American singer of the Vaudeville era, although she also sang in opera as well.	Edith Helena	1876
date of birth	Fabio Testi (born 2 August 1941) is an Italian film actor, notable as the star of, among many other films, First Action Hero.	Fabio Testi	2 August 1941
date of birth	Vijay Patkar (born 29 May 1963) is an Indian theatre, television, Marathi film and Bollywood film actor.	Vijay Patkar	29 May 1963
date of birth	James Ouchterlony (born 9 August 1973) is a racing cyclist specialising in marathon and cross country mountain bike racing.	James Ouchterlony	9 August 1973
date of birth	Thabo Mamojele (born 29 July 1986) is a South African rugby union player, who plays as a flanker or lock with French Pro D2 side Montauban.	Thabo Mamojele	29 July 1986
date of birth	Karl Reuben Spiring (born 13 November 1974 in Southport) was an English cricketer.	Reuben Spiring	13 November 1974
date of birth	Frida Snell (born 22 December 1981) is a Swedish pop/rock singer from Kiruna.	Frida Snell	22 December 1981
date of birth	René Isidoro García (born 4 April 1961) is a former Mexican footballer and former manager of Atlante F.C. of the Primera División de México.	René Isidoro García	4 April 1961
date of birth	Avantika Mishra was born on 30 May 1992 Delhi India to M K Mishra an Air Force Personnel and Savita Mishra.	Avantika Mishra	30 May 1992
date of birth	Andrew Linklater FAcSS (born 8 March 1949 in Aberdeen, Scotland) is an international relations academic, and is the current Woodrow Wilson Professor of International Politics at Aberystwyth University.	Andrew Linklater	8 March 1949
date of birth	Goran Svilanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Горан Свилановић; born 22 October 1963) is Secretary General of the Regional Cooperation Council (RCC), as of 1 January 2013, following the appointment by the South-East European Cooperation Process (SEECP) Foreign Ministers in Belgrade, Serbia on 14 June 2012.	Goran Svilanović	22 October 1963
date of birth	Shaun Evans (born 6 March 1980) is an English actor, best known for playing a young Endeavour Morse in the ITV drama series Endeavour.	Shaun Evans	6 March 1980
date of birth	Matej Mohorič (born 19 October 1994) is a Slovene professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam Lampre--	Matej Mohorič	19 October 1994
date of birth	Henry Augustus Siebrecht (1849 -- June 19, 1934) was a German immigrant to America who used his early horticultural training to become one of the top floral designers and horticulturalists in the United States.	Henry Augustus Siebrecht	1849
date of birth	Odo of Wetterau (c. 895 -- 2 Dec 949) was a prominent German nobleman of the 10th century.	Odo of Wetterau	895
date of birth	Johan von Mangelsen (12 September 1694 -- 24 February 1769) was a Norwegian military officer and businessperson.	Johan von Mangelsen	12 September 1694
date of birth	John Mensah (born 29 November 1982) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who last played for Nitra as a defender.	John Mensah	29 November 1982
date of birth	Mauro Matos (born 6 August 1982 in Castelli) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Argentine Primera División club San Lorenzo.	Mauro Matos	6 August 1982
date of birth	Karin Balzer (née Richert on 5 June 1938) is a retired East German hurdler who competed in the 80 m hurdlers event at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics, and in the 100 m hurdles in 1972.	Karin Balzer	5 June 1938
date of birth	Emily Ruete (30 August 1844 -- 1924) was born in Zanzibar as Sayyida Salme, Princess of Zanzibar and Oman.	Emily Ruete	30 August 1844
date of birth	Darrell L. Bock (born December 12, 1953) is an American evangelical Christian New Testament scholar and research professor of New Testament studies at Dallas Theological Seminary in Dallas, Texas, United States.	Darrell L. Bock	1953
date of birth	Trevor Denman (born 24 September 1952) is a South African American sportscaster and public-address announcer specializing in Thoroughbred horse racing.	Trevor Denman	24 September 1952
date of birth	Stefan Batan (born 20 March 1985) is a Swedish football player of ethnic Assyrian origin, who currently is playing for Hammarby IF.	Stefan Batan	20 March 1985
date of birth	Mohammed Benaziza (Arabic: محمد بن عزيزة‎) (1959 in Algeria -- 4 October 1992, Netherlands) was a professional bodybuilder.	Mohammed Benaziza	1959
date of birth	Maggie Doyne (Nepali: म्यागी डोएन ) (born c. 1987) is an American philanthropist who has built an orphanage, women's centre and school in the Kopila Valley of Nepal.	Maggie Doyne	1987
date of birth	François Havy (1709 -- December 12, 1766) was a French merchant who operated in Quebec.	François Havy	1709
date of birth	Jeffrey D. Feltman (born c. 1959) is an American diplomat and is the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs.	Jeffrey D. Feltman	1959
date of birth	Fedail Güler (born 1972) is a Turkish world champion weightlifter competing in the lightweight division.	Fedail Güler	1972
date of birth	Nicole Süßmilch (born 2 May 1980) was a contestant on the first season of Deutschland sucht den Superstar.	Nicole Süßmilch	2 May 1980
date of birth	Ricardo Castro Herrera (Rafael de la Santísima Trinidad Castro Herrera) (7 February 1864 -- 27 November 1907) was a Mexican concert pianist and composer, considered the last romantic of the time of Porfirio Díaz.	Ricardo Castro	7 February 1864
date of birth	Wesley Kimler (born 1953) an American artist based in Chicago, Illinois, is known for his colossal paintings, up to 15 feet high and 27 feet wide.	Wesley Kimler	1953
date of birth	Dr. Maimon Cohen (born 1947 ) linguist of the Hebrew language.	Maimon Cohen	1947
date of birth	Filinto Müller (11 July 1900 -- 11 July 1973) was a military-associated Brazilian politician, and President of the Senate for the state of Mato Grosso and Chief of Distrito Federal police during the government of Getúlio Vargas (1933--1942).	Filinto Müller	11 July 1900
date of birth	Maxime Bouet (born 3 November 1986) is a French road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTour team Etixx--	Maxime Bouet	3 November 1986
date of birth	Giuseppe Laezza (1835-1905) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes.	Giuseppe Laezza	1835
date of birth	Mitchell Aubusson (born 1 October 1987 in Sydney, New South Wales) is a professional Australian rugby league footballer for the Sydney Roosters in the Australian National Rugby League (NRL) competition.	Mitchell Aubusson	1 October 1987
date of birth	Julius Rudolph Ottomar Freiherr von Minutoli (30 August 1804, Berlin -- 5 November 1860, Khaneh Zanian Caravanserai, near Shiraz, Persia) was a Prussian chief of police, diplomat, scientist, and author, as well as a gifted draughtsman.	Julius Rudolph Ottomar Freiherr von Minutoli	30 August 1804
date of birth	Marat Basharov (born 22 August 1974) is a Russian film actor and a TV host.	Marat Basharov	22 August 1974
date of birth	Alan Seymour Davies (born 21 Feb. 1947) is a former headmaster (so-called ``superhead'') of Copland Community School and Technology Centre Foundation 1988--2009.	Alan Seymour Davies	1947
date of birth	Dan Craig (born c. 1982) is an American basketball coach who currently serves as the head coach of the NBA Development League's Sioux Falls Skyforce.	Dan Craig	1982
date of birth	Marie-Laure Delie (born 29 January 1988) is a French football player who currently plays for Paris Saint-Germain of the Division 1 Féminine.	Marie-Laure Delie	29 January 1988
date of birth	Tobias Hecht (born 18 February 1964 in Seattle, Washington) is an American anthropologist, ethnographer, and translator.	Tobias Hecht	18 February 1964
date of birth	Ernesto Chacon (born 1938), a Texas native, has served as president and director of the Federation for Civic Action, a Latino and low income civil rights organization based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin since 1989.	Ernesto Chacon	1938
date of birth	Paul Buchanan (born 23 October 1981 in Newcastle upon Tyne) is a professional boxer, fighting out of East Denton.	Paul Buchanan	23 October 1981
date of birth	Barry Wellman, FRSC (born 1942) is a Canadian-American sociologist and is the co-director of the NetLab Network at the Faculty of Information (iSchool) of the University of Toronto.	Barry Wellman	1942
date of birth	Peter Settman (born 24 February 1969) is a Swedish actor, comedian, television presenter, screenwriter, and television producer.	Peter Settman	24 February 1969
date of birth	Lucas Luhr (born 22 July 1979) is a German BMW factory racing driver, currently competing for BMW and Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing in the GTLM category of the Tudor United SportsCar Championship.	Lucas Luhr	22 July 1979
date of birth	Horst Klinkmann (born 7 May 1935) is a German professor for Internal medicine and Nephrology (kidney related medicine).	Horst Klinkmann	7 May 1935
date of birth	Rodnei Francisco de Lima (born 11 September 1985), commonly known as Rodnei, is a Brazilian footballer, currently playing for 1860 Munich.	Rodnei	11 September 1985
date of birth	Andrés Thorleifsson (born 19 July 1988) is an Icelandic-born Swedish footballer who plays for Riala GoIF as a defender.	Andrés Thorleifsson	19 July 1988
date of birth	George Caruana (1831--1872) was a Maltese minor philosopher mostly interested in epistemology.	George Caruana	1831
date of birth	H. Ahmad Heryawan (born 19 June 1966) is the current Governor of West Java Province.	Ahmad Heryawan	19 June 1966
date of birth	Michael Carton (born 4 September 1984) is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back with the Dublin senior team.	Michael Carton	4 September 1984
date of birth	Teng Biao (Chinese: 滕彪) (born 3 August 1973 ) is a human rights activist and lawyer in China.	Teng Biao	3 August 1973
date of birth	Christoph Kneip (born 7 January 1980) is a German épée fencer, team silver medallist in the 2003 World Championships and team bronze medallist in the 2010 European Championships.	Christoph Kneip	7 January 1980
date of birth	Kathryn Norlock (born 1969) is the inaugural Kenneth Mark Drain Endowed Chair in Ethics, the Chair of the Department of Philosophy, an affiliated faculty member in Sustainability Studies, and an associated faculty member in Gender and Women's Studies at Trent University.	Kathryn Norlock	1969
date of birth	Denis Denisenko (born 16 January 1971) is a Russian astronomer of the late 20th -- early 21st century, discoverer of 7 supernovae, more than 50 variable stars, and asteroid, and a comet.	Denis Denisenko	16 January 1971
date of birth	Sanctus Seraphin (Udine 1699 -- Venice 1776), also known as Santo Serafin, was a successful luthier (violin maker), working in Venice.	Sanctus Seraphin	1699
date of birth	Efi Thodi (Greek: Έφη Θώδη; 1964) is a Greek pop singer who specializes in traditional Greek and pop music.	Efi Thodi	1964
date of birth	Benjamin Trinks (born 15 October 1990) is a German actor and a Synchronous speaker.	Benjamin Trinks	15 October 1990
date of birth	Fereydoon Hoveyda (Persian: فریدون هویدا ‎‎ Fereydūn Hoveyda, 21 September 1924 -- 3 November 2006) was an Iranian diplomat, writer and thinker.	Fereydoon Hoveyda	21 September 1924
date of birth	Leonid Gatovsky was a Soviet economist (Born in 1889).	Leonid Gatovsky	1889
date of birth	Banzumana Sissoko (1890 -- 1987) was a noted Jeli and N'goni player.	Banzumana Sissoko	1890
date of birth	James Herbert Veitch F.L.S., F.R.H.S. (1 May 1868 -- 13 November 1907), was a member of the Veitch family who were distinguished horticulturists and nursery-men for over a century.	James Herbert Veitch	1 May 1868
date of birth	Vladimir Shuvalov (Russian: Владимир Шувалов; born 3 October 1946) is a retired Russian swimmer who won a silver medal at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships.	Vladimir Shuvalov	3 October 1946
date of birth	Andrew Cartmel (born 1958) is a British author and journalist, and former script editor of Doctor Who.	Andrew Cartmel	1958
date of birth	Don DaGradi (1911 -- August 4, 1991) was a Disney writer who started out as a layout artist on 1940s cartoons including ``Der Fuehrer's Face'' in 1943.	Don DaGradi	1911
date of birth	Alexis Loizidis (Greek: Αλέξης Λοϊζίδης; born 26 June 1985) is a football defender.	Alexis Loizidis	26 June 1985
date of birth	Francesco Pesellino (probably 1422-July 29, 1457), also known as Francesco di Stefano, Il Pesellino, Francesco Peselli, and Francesco di Stefano Pesellino was an Italian (Florentine) painter.	Francesco Pesellino	1422
date of birth	Alexey Sivokon (Russian: Алексей Николаевич Сивоконь, born 7 September 1973) is a Kazakhstanian powerlifting competitor who won seven world titles between 1993 and 2001.	Alexey Sivokon	7 September 1973
date of birth	Jens-Peter Herold (born 2 June 1965 in Neuruppin) is a retired German middle-distance runner who participated in several international championships in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Jens-Peter Herold	2 June 1965
date of birth	James Butler, 2nd Earl of Ormond (4 October 1331 -- 18 October 1382) was a noble in the Peerage of Ireland.	James Butler, 2nd Earl of Ormond	4 October 1331
date of birth	Ann Ollestad (born 3 August 1952) is a Norwegian diplomat and the country's current ambassador to Myanmar.	Ann Ollestad	3 August 1952
date of birth	Alfred Nalepa (19 December 1856, Werschetz -- 11 December 1929, Baden bei Wien) was an Austrian zoologist specializing in the field of acarology.	Alfred Nalepa	19 December 1856
date of birth	Haraldur Vignir Sveinbjörnsson (born 1975) is an Icelandic composer and arranger.	Haraldur Vignir Sveinbjörnsson	1975
date of birth	Robert David Stewart Campbell, CBE, BAgr (born 25 May 1965, Belfast) is a British politician, farmer and businessman.	Robert David Stewart Campbell	25 May 1965
date of birth	Helen Gee (1919--2004) was an American art gallery owner, co-owner of the Limelight gallery in New York City.	Helen Gee	1919
date of birth	William Henry Dudley Le Souef (28 September 1856 -- 6 September 1923) was a founding member and founding Secretary of the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union (RAOU) in 1901, also serving as President of that body 1907-1909.	Dudley Le Souef	1856
date of birth	Barry Buckley (1938--2006) was an Australian jazz double bass player and dental technician from Melbourne, a notable presence on the modern jazz scene for over 40 years.	Barry Buckley	1938
date of birth	Said Al-Sobakhi (Arabic: سعيد السباخي‎; born 20 June 1985) is a Palestinian footballer who plays his club football for Wadi Al-Nes.	Said Al-Sobakhi	20 June 1985
date of birth	Hannah Greenwood (born 28 January 1987) is an Australian stage and television actress, best known for starring as Saskia Litras in the Australian children's television series Noah and Saskia.	Hannah Greenwood	28 January 1987
date of birth	Albert Schippel (1862--1935) was an American architect in the Midwest.	Albert Schippel	1862
date of birth	Rick Maddocks (born 1970) is a Canadian author and singer/songwriter.	Rick Maddocks	1970
date of birth	David Voas (born 1955) is a quantitative sociologist of religion and academic.	David Voas	1955
date of birth	Otto Ambros (19 May 1901 -- 23 July 1990) was a German chemist and Nazi war criminal, notably involved with the research of chemical nerve agents.	Otto Ambros	19 May 1901
date of birth	Marko Oštir (born 7 June 1977 in Slovenj Gradec) is a retired professional handball player.	Marko Oštir	7 June 1977
date of birth	Ferenc Gyurcsány (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈfɛrɛnt͡s ˈɟurt͡ʃaːɲ); born 4 June 1961) is a Hungarian entrepreneur and politician.	Ferenc Gyurcsány	4 June 1961
date of birth	Tony Towle (born 1939) is a native New Yorker and poet.	Tony Towle	1939
date of birth	Cornelius Arnold (1711-1757?), was a poetical writer.	Cornelius Arnold	1711
date of birth	Anna Kerth (born 1 November 1980) is a Polish actress who starred in BBC Scotland's soap opera River City as Lena Krausky in 2006/2007.	Anna Kerth	1980
date of birth	Han Ping Chien (1891--1930) was a Chinese magician, whose popularity peaked during the later part of America's vaudeville era (circa 1909) with his Peking Mysteries Troupe.	Han Ping Chien	1891
date of birth	Marike Bok (born 17 January 1943) is a Dutch portrait painter.	Marike Bok	17 January 1943
date of birth	Jeremy Davenport (born 1970 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American jazz trumpeter and singer based in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Jeremy Davenport	1970
date of birth	Fernando Rocha (born 1975) is a Portuguese comedian, actor, and TV presenter, whose career as a professional performer began in 2000.	Fernando Rocha	1975
date of birth	Aaron Scharf (1922 -- 1993) was an American-born British art historian who contributed in particular to the history of photography in which he had developed an interest while studying at the Courtauld Institute.	Aaron Scharf	1922
date of birth	Bernard Gaillot, a French historical painter, born at Versailles in 1780, was a pupil of David.	Bernard Gaillot	1780
date of birth	Charles-Joseph Sax (1 February 1790 -- 26 April 1865) was a Belgian (he lived in Dinant) musical instrument maker.	Charles-Joseph Sax	1 February 1790
date of birth	James Horst Brunnerman Bell (Dr J. H. B. Bell) (1896--1975) was arguably the leading Scots mountaineer in the period prior to World War II, going on to edit the SMC Journal for an unequalled 24 years from 1936 to 1959.	J. H. B. Bell	1896
date of birth	Sarah Day (born 1958) is an English-born Australian poet and teacher.	Sarah Day	1958
date of birth	Ziad Rafiq Beydoun (1925--1998) was a petroleum geologist, leading authority on the geology of the Middle East and Emeritus Professor at the American University of Beirut (AUB).	Ziad Rafiq Beydoun	1925
date of birth	Kwadwo Safo Kantanka also known as African Star (born 26 August 1948 in Kensere, Ghana) is a Ghanaian Christian minister, philanthropist and the owner of Kantanka Group of Companies, which manufactures and assemblies Kantanka branded vehicles in Ghana.	Kwadwo Safo	26 August 1948
date of birth	Jon O'Mahony (born 10 August 1973) is a British artist, songwriter and record producer.	Jon O'Mahony	10 August 1973
date of birth	Tina Svensson Grønlund (born 16 November 1966 in Levanger) is a former Norwegian footballer, world champion and Olympic medalist.	Tina Svensson	16 November 1966
date of birth	Robert Oldham (born 1950) is a Canadian writer of fiction, nonfiction, and poetry.	Robert Oldham	1950
date of birth	Marin Ljubičić (born 15 June 1988) is a Croatian football player playing for FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda in the Fortuna Liga.	Marin Ljubičić	15 June 1988
date of birth	Lee Ya-hsuan (traditional Chinese: 李亞軒; simplified Chinese: 李亚轩; pinyin: Lǐ Yàxuān; born 20 July 1995 in Taipei) is a Taiwanese tennis player.	Lee Ya-hsuan	20 July 1995
date of birth	Mary Nelson Winslow (1887--1952) was a Washington, D.C. social worker who worked in the US Department of Labor's Women's Bureau from 1920 into the late 1930s, conducting many research projects on the status of working women.	Mary Nelson Winslow	1887
date of birth	Ludwig Preis (born 11 November 1971) is a German football coach managed SpVgg Greuther Fürth on an interim basis after Mike Büskens was sacked.	Ludwig Preis	11 November 1971
date of birth	Professor Carmina Virgili or Carmina Virgili i Rodon (19 June 1927 -- 21 November 2014) was a Spanish Professor, politician and geologist.	Carmina Virgili	19 June 1927
date of birth	David Kellogg (born 1952) is an American film, commercial, and music video director.	David Kellogg	1952
date of birth	Jeremy Lindsay Taylor (born Sydney, 19 September 1973) is an Australian actor., it was announced in August that he will play new character detective Dylan Carter in Home and Away.	Jeremy Lindsay Taylor	19 September 1973
date of birth	George Elder (11 August 1793 in Hardin's Creek, Kentucky -- 28 September 1838 in Bardstown, Kentucky) was a pioneer Roman Catholic educator.	George Elder	11 August 1793
date of birth	Hou You-yi (Chinese: 侯友宜; pinyin: Hóu Yǒuyí; born 7 June 1957) is a Taiwanese politician.	Hou You-yi	7 June 1957
date of birth	Bui Huu Hung (born 1957) is a Vietnamese artist who works primarily with lacquer.	Bui Huu Hung	1957
date of birth	Jo Angel (born 22 April 1968) is an Australian former cricketer who played in four Tests and three ODIs from 1993 to 1995.	Jo Angel	22 April 1968
date of birth	Adam Assad (born 14 December 1982), better known by his stage name DJ Assad, is a French disc jockey.	DJ Assad	14 December 1982
date of birth	Nawaz Haq (Urdu: نواز حق ‎; born 10 September 1981) Is a Pakistani track and field athlete.	Nawaz Haq	10 September 1981
date of birth	Marcin Meller (born 23 October 1968) is a Polish historian, journalist and editor-in-chief of the Polish edition of Playboy magazine.	Marcin Meller	23 October 1968
date of birth	George McKenzie (22 September 1901 -- April 1941) was a Scottish bantamweight professional boxer who competed in the 1920s.	George McKenzie	22 September 1901
date of birth	Karol Jets (born 15 October 1980 in Spiska Nova Ves, Czechoslovakia) is a professional ice hockey player currently living and playing in the United Kingdom.	Karol Jets	15 October 1980
date of birth	Samuel Edward Konkin III (8 July 1947 -- 23 February 2004), also known as SEK3, was the author of the publication New Libertarian Manifesto and a proponent of a political philosophy which he named agorism.	Samuel Edward Konkin III	8 July 1947
date of birth	Iva Bittová (born 22 July 1958) is a Czech avant-garde violinist, singer, and composer.	Iva Bittová	22 July 1958
date of birth	David Casals-Roma (born 13 October 1972 - Lleida, Spain) is a Spanish writer/director based in the United Kingdom.	David Casals-Roma	13 October 1972
date of birth	Kaajal Bakrania (born 6 August 1983), better known by her stage name Kayper, is a DJ, Producer and Radio Presenter from the United Kingdom.	Kayper	6 August 1983
date of birth	Charles Townley FRS (1 October 1737 -- 3 January 1805) was a wealthy English country gentleman, antiquary and collector.	Charles Townley	1 October 1737
date of birth	Puthenveetil Radhakrishnan (born 1949) is an Indian sociologist, social critic, social historian, and media person.	Puthenveetil Radhakrishnan	1949
date of birth	Maguy Kakon (born 1953 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan author, politician and real-estate consultant.	Maguy Kakon	1953
date of birth	Sir Thomas Hyde Page, FRS (1746--1821) was a decorated British military engineer and cartographer for the British crown.	Thomas Hyde Page	1746
date of birth	Leonid Novitskiy (born 1 July 1968 in Chelyabinsk) is a Russian cross-country rally driver.	Leonid Novitskiy	1 July 1968
date of birth	Stanley McMurtry MBE (born 4 May 1936), known by his pen name Mac, is a British cartoonist.	Stanley McMurtry	4 May 1936
date of birth	Ozay Mehmet (born 1938, in Nicosia, Cyprus) is professor emeritus of international affairs at Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada.	Ozay Mehmet	1938
date of birth	Laura Curtis Bullard (1831--1912) was an American writer and women's rights activist.	Laura Curtis Bullard	1831
date of birth	Zoran Lilić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Лилић; born 27 August 1953) is a Serbian politician.	Zoran Lilić	27 August 1953
date of birth	Seamus Casey (born 1972) is an actor who was born in Dungannon, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.	Seamus Casey	1972
date of birth	Sir John Gilmour, 4th Baronet DL (15 July 1944 -- 10 February 2013) was the son of Sir John Edward Gilmour of Lundin and Montrave, 3rd Bt.	Sir John Gilmour, 4th Baronet	15 July 1944
date of birth	Michael Zwack (born 1949 in Buffalo, New York) is an internationally exhibited American artist most often associated with The Pictures Generation.	Michael Zwack	1949
date of birth	Elie Aiboy (born 20 April 1979) is a current Indonesian football player for Persip Pekalongan.	Elie Aiboy	20 April 1979
date of birth	George E. Hyde (1882--1968) was the ``Dean of American Indian Historians.''	George E. Hyde	1882
date of birth	Anton Phillips (born 31 October 1943) is a Jamaican-born British actor who found success appearing in British television.	Anton Phillips	31 October 1943
date of birth	Ljubiša Jokić (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубиша Јокић) (born 24 September 1958) is a former general in the Military of Serbia and Montenegro.	Ljubiša Jokić	24 September 1958
date of birth	Rossella Ratto (born 20 October 1993) is an Italian racing cyclist.	Rossella Ratto	20 October 1993
date of birth	Hans Goldschmid (born 6 March 1914) was an Austrian cyclist.	Hans Goldschmid	6 March 1914
date of birth	Christophe-Gabriel Allegrain (11 October 1710 -- 1795) was a French sculptor who tempered a neoclassical style with Rococo charm and softness, under the influence of his much more famous brother-in-law, Jean-Baptiste Pigalle.	Christophe-Gabriel Allegrain	11 October 1710
date of birth	Ivan Pochekin (born 1987 in Moscow) is a Russian violinist, who is notable for winning first prize in the 2005 Third Paganini Moscow International Violin Competition.	Ivan Pochekin	1987
date of birth	Andreas Schleicher (born 7 July 1964) is a German-born statistician and researcher in the field of education.	Andreas Schleicher	7 July 1964
date of birth	Mansoor Rana (born 27 December 1962 in Lahore, Punjab) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played two ODIs in 1990.	Mansoor Rana	27 December 1962
date of birth	James Wasserman (born 1948) is an American author and occultist.	James Wasserman	1948
date of birth	Sudhir Tailang (26 February 1960 -- 6 February 2016) was an Indian cartoonist.	Sudhir Tailang	1960
date of birth	Breda O'Brien (born in 1962) is an Irish teacher and columnist, writing a weekly column for The Irish Times.	Breda O'Brien	1962
date of birth	Owen Roizman, A.S.C. (born 22 September 1936) is a cinematographer.	Owen Roizman	22 September 1936
date of birth	Tan Sri Dato' Seri Dr. Abdul Hamid Pawanteh (born 27 July 1944) is a former Malaysian politician.	Abdul Hamid Pawanteh	27 July 1944
date of birth	Kishwar Naheed (Urdu: کشور ناہید‎) (born 1940) is a feminist Urdu poet from Pakistan.	Kishwar Naheed	1940
date of birth	Milan Randić (born 1930) is a Croatian American scientist who is one of the leading experts in the field of computational chemistry.	Milan Randić	1930
date of birth	Kevin Mussen (born 8 October 1933 in Hilltown, County Down) was a Northern Irish sportsperson.	Kevin Mussen	8 October 1933
date of birth	Juliane House (born 1942) is a German Linguist and Translation Scholar.	Juliane House	1942
date of birth	John M. Pierce (1886 -- March 4, 1958) was an American teacher and amateur astronomer.	John M. Pierce	1886
date of birth	Major-General Keith Burch CB CBE (31 May 1931 -- 26 March 2013) was a senior officer in the British Army.	Keith Burch	31 May 1931
date of birth	Zhang Shuhong (Chinese: 张树鸿, 1957 -- August 11, 2007) was a Chinese businessman and factory owner.	Zhang Shuhong	1957
date of birth	Waddy Butler Wood (1869 - January 25, 1944) was a prominent American architect of the early 20th century and resident of Washington, D.C. Although Wood designed and remodeled numerous private residences, his reputation rested primarily on his larger commissions, such as banks, commercial offices, and government buildings.	Waddy Butler Wood	1869
date of birth	Kang Junli (康君立) (847--894) was a military general in imperial China's Tang Dynasty, serving the Shatuo leader Li Keyong.	Kang Junli	847
date of birth	Oélilton Araújo dos Santos (Brazilian Portuguese: (ɐɾɐˈuʒu); born 8 March 1981), commonly known by his nickname Etto, is a Brazilian professional footballer who most recently played for Azerbaijani side Baku.	Etto	8 March 1981
date of birth	Cotton Hayden Allen (1834--January 26, 1900) was the 31st mayor of Columbus, Ohio and the 28th person to serve in that office.	Cotton Hayden Allen	1834
date of birth	Dr. Everett Shapiro (1917-January 1, 2002) was an American Orthodontist who was past President of American Board of Orthodontics and American Journal of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics .	Everett Shapiro	1917
date of birth	David Nachmansohn (17 March 1899 -- 2 November 1983) was a German-Jewish biochemist responsible for elucidating the role of phosphocreatine in energy production in the muscles, and the role of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine in nerve stimulation.	David Nachmansohn	1899
date of birth	Luis María Peralta (1759 in Sonora, New Spain -- August 26, 1851) was a soldier in the Spanish Army, who received one of the largest of the Spanish land grants, Rancho San Antonio, a 44,800-acre (181 km2) plot that encompassed most of the East Bay region of California.	Luis María Peralta	1759
date of birth	Laban Moiben (born 13 October 1983) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes professionally in marathon races.	Laban Moiben	13 October 1983
date of birth	King Mu of Baekje (580 - 641) (r. 600 - 641) was the 30th king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Mu of Baekje	580
date of birth	Professor John George Jack (15 April 1861--1949) was an American dendrologist.	John George Jack	15 April 1861
date of birth	Ulla Johanna Caroline Grane (born 19 April 1978 in Stockholm) is a Swedish realtor who works in New York, United States.	Caroline Grane	19 April 1978
date of birth	Sola Olorunfemi (born 6 June 1967) is a Nigerian economist and a statistician.	Sola Olorunfemi	6 June 1967
date of birth	Johann Paul Schiffelholz (13 March 1685 -- 28 January 1758), was a German Baroque composer and an important composer for the variety of baroque lute called colascione, as well as writing the usual trio sonatas, etc., for the violin family of instruments.	Johann Paul Schiffelholz	13 March 1685
date of birth	Edward Gamblin (1948 -- 2010) was a Canadian country rock singer and songwriter, who was one of the most influential early stars of First Nations music.	Edward Gamblin	1948
date of birth	Thomas de Barry (fl. 1560), was canon of Glasgow, and chief magistrate of Bothwell.	Thomas de Barry	1560
date of birth	Col. Dewitt Clinton Haskin (circa 1824 -- July 17, 1900) was an American engineer whose developed the initial methods for construction of the first tunnels under the Hudson River between New Jersey and Manhattan.	Dewitt Clinton Haskin	1824
date of birth	Aleksei Andreyevich Volkov (1859--1929) was a valet at the court of Tsar Nicholas II. He escaped a death march at Perm in September 1918 and survived to write his memoirs about his time at court and his escape.	Aleksei Andreyevich Volkov	1859
date of birth	Paul Fonoroff (born 1954 in Cleveland, Ohio) is one of Hong Kong's best known film critics and film historians.	Paul Fonoroff	1954
date of birth	Zhu Jin (朱瑾) (867-918) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who would later be a major general of the Wu (also known as Hongnong) state during the subsequent Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.	Zhu Jin	867
date of birth	Heinrich Jacob Bashuysen (October 26, 1679 -- c. 1750) was a German Christian printer of Hebrew books and Orientalist.	Heinrich Jacob Bashuysen	1679
date of birth	Stephan Kunzelmann (born 22 November 1978) is a retired German freestyle swimmer who won three medals in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 2000 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) and 2000 and 2002 European Aquatics Championships.	Stephan Kunzelmann	22 November 1978
date of birth	John Baskcomb (7 February 1916 -- 29 March 2000) was an English character actor who made numerous television and film appearances over a 35-year period.	John Baskcomb	7 February 1916
date of birth	Carol Bergé (1928--2006) was an American poet, highly active in the literary, performing and visual arts renaissance of the 1960s and 1970s in New York City.	Carol Bergé	1928
date of birth	Ryan Hemsworth (born 1990) is a Canadian record producer and DJ. Raised in Halifax, Nova Scotia, he attended University of King's College, where he studied journalism.	Ryan Hemsworth	1990
date of birth	Vladimir Galkin (born 30 June 1954, in Kazan, Russia) is a chemist, the Dean of the chemistry department of Kazan State University and the director of Butlerov Institute.	Vladimir Galkin	30 June 1954
date of birth	Jimmy Yu (a.k.a. Guo Gu 果谷; born 1968-) is a sinologist and religious historian who was the bassist for the American 1980s hardcore bands (the original) Death Before Dishonor and Judge.	Jimmy Yu	1968
date of birth	Barry Leitch (born April 27, 1970 in Strathaven, Scotland) is a Scottish video game music composer, responsible for the music in a large number of games spanning multiple consoles and personal computers.	Barry Leitch	1970
date of birth	Sebastião Lucas da Fonseca (26 July 1927 -- 27 January 2000), known as Matateu (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐtɐˈtew)), was a Portuguese footballer who played as a striker.	Matateu	26 July 1927
date of birth	Jay McCarthy (born 8 September 1992) is an Australian racing cyclist, who currently rides for Tinkoff.	Jay McCarthy	8 September 1992
date of birth	Ester Partegàs (born 1972 in La Garrigia, Barcelona) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Brooklyn, New York.	Ester Partegàs	1972
date of birth	Jessel Miller (born 1949 Ontario, Canada) is an American watercolor artist and children's writer.	Jessel Miller	1949
date of birth	Marshall P. Tulin (born 14 March 1926) is an American engineer working in hydrodynamics.	Marshall P. Tulin	14 March 1926
date of birth	Joseph Muthee (born 1928) is an Kenyan writer and Kikuyu sage who wrote about his experience as a detainee of the British colonial government at Kapenguria during the Mau Mau Uprising.	Joseph Muthee	1928
date of birth	Reg Date (26 July 1921 -- 11 August 1995) was an Australian football (soccer) player who plied his trade after the Second World War.	Reg Date	26 July 1921
date of birth	Gabrielė Martirosianaitė (born 23 February 1991 in Kaunas) is a beauty pageant contestant and a winner of Miss Lietuva 2008 title who represented Lithuania in Miss World 2008 in South Africa.	Gabrielė Martirosianaitė	23 February 1991
date of birth	Martin Storey (born 28 September 1964) is an Irish former hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Wexford senior team.	Martin Storey	28 September 1964
date of birth	Georgios Anastassopoulos (born 25 September 1935) is a Greek politician who served as a Member of the European Parliament.	Georgios Anastassopoulos	25 September 1935
date of birth	Ramdeo Singh Yadav (born on 5 July 1946) is a social worker and a MLA from Munger during the period of 1980 to 1995.	Ramdeo Singh Yadav	5 July 1946
date of birth	Alberto Toscano (born 1 January 1977) is a cultural critic, social theorist, philosopher and translator best known to the English-speaking world for his translations of the work of Alain Badiou, including Badiou's The Century and Logics of Worlds.	Alberto Toscano	1977
date of birth	Theodore Earl Butler, (1861--1936) was an American impressionist painter.	Theodore Earl Butler	1861
date of birth	Pradeep Nagar (born 10 December 1989) is an Indian actor who appears in Television Serials.	Pradeep Nagar	10 December 1989
date of birth	Enzo Francesconi (born c. 1923 (age 91--92)) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy, and at club level for Torino XIII, as a Prop, i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums.	Enzo Francesconi	1923
date of birth	Milan Paroški (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Парошки; born 5 March 1957) is a Serbian writer and former politician.	Milan Paroški	5 March 1957
date of birth	John Papworth (born 1921) is an English clergyman, writer and activist against big public and private organizations and for small communities and enterprises.	John Papworth	1921
date of birth	Severino Montano (1915 in Laoag, Ilocos Norte -- 12 December 1980) is considered as one of the Titans of Philippine Theater.	Severino Montano	1915
date of birth	Jérôme Valcke (born 6 October 1960) is a French football administrator, best known as the former Secretary General of FIFA (the international governing body of the sport).	Jérôme Valcke	6 October 1960
date of birth	Debra Ruh (born 1958) is an advocate for the rights of persons with disabilities.	Debra Ruh	1958
date of birth	Kingsley Hunter (born 27 May 1975) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League between 1995 and 2003.	Kingsley Hunter	27 May 1975
date of birth	Scott McIvor (born 9 August 1966 in Queensland) is a former Australian rules footballer who played mainly with the Brisbane Bears but also had stints with Fitzroy and when both clubs merged, the Brisbane Lions.	Scott McIvor	9 August 1966
date of birth	Tadej Golob (born 1967) is a Slovene mountaineer and writer.	Tadej Golob	1967
date of birth	Gavin Thredgold (born 6 October 1961) is an Australian rowing cox.	Gavin Thredgold	6 October 1961
date of birth	Humphrey Trevelyan, Baron Trevelyan KG GCMG CIE OBE (27 November 1905 -- 9 February 1985) was a British diplomat and author.	Humphrey Trevelyan, Baron Trevelyan	27 November 1905
date of birth	Sarkis Minassian (1873 -- 1915), also known as Aram Ashod, was an Armenian journalist, writer, political activist, and educator.	Sarkis Minassian	1873
date of birth	Chandan Dass (born 12 March 1956) is a popular Indian ghazal singer.	Chandan Dass	12 March 1956
date of birth	Josefina Ayerza (born 1950) is a writer and a psychoanalyst who lives and works in New York City.	Josefina Ayerza	1950
date of birth	Benjamin Bartlett (1714--1787), was an English numismatical and topographical writer.	Benjamin Bartlett	1714
date of birth	Sir John Alistair Graham (born 6 August 1942) was the Chairman of the Committee on Standards in Public Life from 2003 until April 2007.	Alistair Graham	6 August 1942
date of birth	Marianne Farningham or Mary Anne Hearn (17 December 1834 -- 16 March 1909) was a British religious writer of poetry, biographies, prose and hymns.	Marianne Farningham	17 December 1834
date of birth	Pascal Vahirua (born 9 March 1966) is a French retired footballer who played mostly as a left winger.	Pascal Vahirua	9 March 1966
date of birth	Hadoram Shirihai (born in Israel 1962) is an Israeli ornithologist and writer.	Hadoram Shirihai	1962
date of birth	Jessie Stephen, MBE (19 April 1893 -- 12 June 1979) was a twentieth-century British suffragette, labour activist and local councillor.	Jessie Stephen	19 April 1893
date of birth	Daniel Rendón Herrera (alias Don Mario; born 1966) is a Colombian drug lord.	Daniel Rendón Herrera	1966
date of birth	Widjojo Nitisastro (23 September 1927 -- 9 March 2012) was an Indonesian economist.	Widjojo Nitisastro	23 September 1927
date of birth	Étienne Bouchard (c. 1622 -- 1676) was a French surgeon who came to Ville-Marie (Montreal) in 1653 under the sponsorship of the Société Notre-Dame de Montréal.	Étienne Bouchard	1622
date of birth	Hans-Jürgen Hellriegel (16 June 1917 -- 2 July 1944) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He sailed with U-140, U-96 and U-543, sinking three ships on seven patrols, for a total of 10.969 tons of Allied shipping.	Hans-Jürgen Hellriegel	16 June 1917
date of birth	Lieutenant-General Fred Sutherland CMM, CD (born February 1942) is a retired Canadian air force general who was Commander, Air Command from 1989 to 1991 and Vice Chief of the Defence Staff from 1991 to 1992.	Fred Sutherland	February 1942
date of birth	Girolamo Basso della Rovere (1434, Albissola Marina - 1507) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Girolamo Basso della Rovere	1434
date of birth	Pennathur Subramania Iyer (1860--1901) was an Indian lawyer and philanthropist who is best known as the founder of the P. S. Charities.	Pennathur Subramania Iyer	1860
date of birth	Hunt Emerson (born 1952) is a cartoonist living and working in Birmingham, England.	Hunt Emerson	1952
date of birth	Nicole Uphoff (born 25 January 1967) is a German equestrian who competes in the sport of dressage.	Nicole Uphoff	25 January 1967
date of birth	Carlos del Junco (born 1958 Havana) is a Cuban-Canadian harmonica musician.	Carlos del Junco	1958
date of birth	Sir John Wrottesley, 8th Baronet (22 December 1744 -- 23 April 1787), of Wrottesley Hall in Staffordshire, was a British army officer and Member of Parliament.	Sir John Wrottesley, 8th Baronet	22 December 1744
date of birth	Larry Leiby (born 1947) began his law practice in construction law in 1973 in South Florida.	Larry Leiby	1947
date of birth	Mikki Kunttu (born 1971) is a Finnish lighting and set designer.	Mikki Kunttu	1971
date of birth	Dom Bernard Orchard OSB MA (3 May 1910 -- 28 November 2006) was an English Roman Catholic Benedictine monk, headmaster and biblical scholar.	Bernard Orchard	3 May 1910
date of birth	Cyril Lyons (born 1959) is an Irish former hurler and manager who played as a full-forward for the Clare senior team.	Cyril Lyons	1959
date of birth	Carol Klein (born 1945) is an English gardening expert, who also works as a television presenter and newspaper columnist.	Carol Klein	1945
date of birth	William Porteous (born 1945) is an Australian land developer and real estate agent.	William Porteous	1945
date of birth	Matthew Griffith (1599? -- 1665) was an English clergyman.	Matthew Griffith	1599
date of birth	Darren Kappler (born 23 January 1965) is a former professional Australian rules footballer.	Darren Kappler	23 January 1965
date of birth	Raman Siva Kumar (born 3 December 1956), well known as R. Siva Kumar, is an internationally noted contemporary Indian art historian, art critic, and curator.	R. Siva Kumar	3 December 1956
date of birth	Pierre Cailleteau (1655--1724) was a French architect, also known as ``Lassurance''.	Pierre Cailleteau	1655
date of birth	Samuel Bazawule (born in 1982), known by the stage name Blitz the Ambassador, is a Ghanaian-American hip-hop artist and visual artist based in Brooklyn, USA.	Blitz the Ambassador	1982
date of birth	Jasna Šekarić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јасна Шекарић, née Brajković / Брајковић; born 17 December 1965) is a Serbian sport shooter.	Jasna Šekarić	17 December 1965
date of birth	Bill Carter (born 1966) is a writer and director.	Bill Carter	1966
date of birth	Born on 29 May 1969 in Bègles, near Bordeaux, France, Sandrine Cantoreggi was educated at the Luxembourg Conservatoire.	Sandrine Cantoreggi	29 May 1969
date of birth	János Csík (born 20 December 1946 in Orosháza) is a former Hungarian handball player and handball coach.	János Csík	20 December 1946
date of birth	John C. Hocking (born 1960) is an American fantasy writer, the author of a Conan novel published by Tor Books and a number of short stories.	John C. Hocking	1960
date of birth	Anthony Peddle (born 11 February 1971) was a British Paralympic weightlifter.	Anthony Peddle	11 February 1971
date of birth	Gregers Krabbe (12 January 1594 -- 20 December 1655) was a Danish-born nobleman and landowner.	Gregers Krabbe	12 January 1594
date of birth	Stephen Francis Jones (born 1961) is an American architect best known for his high-end restaurant designs and for being the owner of SFJones Architects, Inc.	Stephen Francis Jones	1961
date of birth	Joseph von Maltzahn (born 2 August 1978 in Oxford, Oxfordshire) is a British rower and Boat Race winner.	Joseph von Maltzahn	2 August 1978
date of birth	Sir Edward O'Brien, 4th Baronet (17 April 1773 -- 13 March 1837) was an Irish parliamentarian who sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1802 to 1826.	Sir Edward O'Brien, 4th Baronet	1773
date of birth	Mariette Sully was a Belgian soprano, born December 1874, died Paris, possibly in 1940, who was principally active in operetta.	Mariette Sully	1874
date of birth	Alain Mesili (born 24 February 1949 in Paris) is a climber and mountain guide, photographer and political activist based in La Paz, Bolivia.	Alain Mesili	24 February 1949
date of birth	Dr. W. D. Wright (born 1936) is a professor emeritus of history at Southern Connecticut State University and the author of seven books on race and racism.	W. D. Wright	1936
date of birth	Celeste Ulrich (August 24, 1924 - August 4, 2011) was an American educator and leader in the field of physical education.	Celeste Ulrich	1924
date of birth	Edmund Yeo (Chinese: 杨毅恒, born 6 March 1984) is a Malaysian filmmaker based in Tokyo.	Edmund Yeo	6 March 1984
date of birth	Elżbieta Benkowska (born 18 August 1988 in Gdańsk, in Poland) is a Polish film director, screenwriter and film editor.	Elżbieta Benkowska	18 August 1988
date of birth	Mohsen Beiranvand (Persian: محسن بیرانوند‎, born 9 June 1981) is an Iranian weightlifter.	Mohsen Beiranvand	9 June 1981
date of birth	Janne Hyppönen (born 14 September 1970 in Vehkalahti) is a top Finnish football manager and former player.	Janne Hyppönen	14 September 1970
date of birth	Moa Madicken Öberg, (born 10 January 1995) is a Swedish fashion model and beauty queen.	Moa Madicken Öberg	10 January 1995
date of birth	Ahmad Sa'adat (also transliterated from Arabic as Ahmed Sadat/Saadat, Arabic: احمد سعدات; born 1953) is a Palestinian militant and Secretary-General of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), a Marxist, Palestinian nationalist organisation.	Ahmad Sa'adat	1953
date of birth	Anna Meredith (born 1978) is a British composer and performer of electronic and acoustic music.	Anna Meredith	1978
date of birth	Harish Jaiswal (born 9 March 1971) is an Indian Producer, Director and Distributor who is primarily known for his works in Bollywood Films and Bhojpuri Films.	Harish Jaiswal	1971
date of birth	Andrew Daulton Lee (born 1952) is an American who was convicted of espionage for his involvement in the spying activities of his childhood friend, Christopher Boyce.	Andrew Daulton Lee	1952
date of birth	Ivan Knežević (Cyrillic: Иван Кнежевић, born 22 February 1986) is a Montenegrin football striker who plays for OFK Petrovac.	Ivan Knežević	22 February 1986
date of birth	Patrikeya (Telugu: పాత్రికేయ) (born 15 August 1971 as Manikeswaram Bhaskara Rao (Telugu: మణికే్శ్వరం భాస్కరరావు)) is a journalist and screenwriter in Telugu Cinema.	Patrikeya	15 August 1971
date of birth	Étienne Capoue (born 11 July 1988) is a French professional footballer who plays for English club Watford.	Étienne Capoue	11 July 1988
date of birth	Jenn-Yeu Chen (Chinese: 陳振宇, born 1955) is the dean of the College of International Studies and Social Sciences and the director of the Graduate Institute and the Department of Chinese as a Second Language at National Taiwan Normal University.	Jenn-Yeu Chen	1955
date of birth	Bal Govind Dwivedi (born 15 January 1948 Rari Khurd, Rari Bujurg, Fatehpur, U.P.) is a prolific Hindi poet.	Bal Govind Dwivedi	15 January 1948
date of birth	Bruce Charlesworth (born 1 February 1950) is an American visual artist known primarily for his photographic, video and multimedia works.	Bruce Charlesworth	1 February 1950
date of birth	Peter D. Weaver (born 15 January 1945) is a Bishop of the United Methodist Church in the Boston Area where he presides over the New England Annual Conference of the UMC.	Peter D. Weaver	15 January 1945
date of birth	Rebecca Adamson (born 1950) is an American Cherokee businessperson and advocate.	Rebecca Adamson	1950
date of birth	Geronimo Goeloe (born 18 November 1981) is a sprinter, specializing in the 100 and 200 metres.	Geronimo Goeloe	18 November 1981
date of birth	Palpu Pushpangadan (born 23 January 1944) is a former Director of the Tropical Botanical Garden and Research Institute (TBGRI) in Kerala.	Palpu Pushpangadan	23 January 1944
date of birth	Giacomo Pastorino (born 7 June 1980) is an Italian water polo goalkeeper.	Giacomo Pastorino	7 June 1980
date of birth	Casey Sandy (born 21 May 1984) is a Canadian gymnast who competed for Penn State from 2006 to 2009.	Casey Sandy	21 May 1984
date of birth	Fudaishi 傅大士 (a.k.a. Fu Ta-shih)(c. 490--c. 560) was a Chinese Buddhist monk who was later deified as the Japanese patron deity of libraries.	Fudaishi	490
date of birth	Jiří Kabeš, alias Kába (* 26 March 1946 in Křemín, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech rock singer, violist, violinist, guitarist and songwriter.	Jiří Kabeš	26 March 1946
date of birth	Samuel full name Samuel Firmino de Jesus (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐmuˈew); born 7 April 1986), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Busan IPark in the K League Challenge.	Samuel Firmino de Jesus	7 April 1986
date of birth	Pierre-Michel Nguimbi (born 1957) is a Congolese politician who served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Technical and Vocational Education from 2002 to 2009.	Pierre-Michel Nguimbi	1957
date of birth	Willy Blok Hanson (1914 -- December 22, 2012) was a Javanese-born Canadian dancer and choreographer.	Willy Blok Hanson	1914
date of birth	Giancarlo Fisichella (Italian pronunciation: (dʒaŋˈkarlo fiziˈkɛlla); born 14 January 1973), also known as Fisico, Giano or Fisi, is an Italian professional racing driver.	Giancarlo Fisichella	14 January 1973
date of birth	Rahima Begum (Bengali: রহিমা বেগম; born 22 May 1984) is an English human rights activist, and co-founder and co-director of Restless Beings.	Rahima Begum	22 May 1984
date of birth	Patricia Leitch born 13 July 1933, Paisley, Renfrewshire, Scotland, is a Scottish writer, best known for her series of children's books in the pony story genre about Jinny Manders and her wild, traumatised Arabian horse Shantih, set in the Scottish Highlands.	Patricia Leitch	13 July 1933
date of birth	João Carlos Hatoa Nunes (born 8 March 1968 in Beira) is a Mozambican priest and auxiliary bishop in Maputo.	João Carlos Hatoa Nunes	8 March 1968
date of birth	Winston Ntshona (born 6 October 1941) is a South African playwright and actor.	Winston Ntshona	6 October 1941
date of birth	Meng Suping (孟苏平, born 17 July 1989) is a Chinese weightlifter.	Meng Suping	17 July 1989
date of birth	Born in Lander, Wyoming in 1981 and raised in Oregon, Tyler Stenson is a singer/songwriter of ``Elegant Folk'' music from Portland, OR.	Tyler Stenson	1981
date of birth	Boris Borisovich Rotenberg (Russian: Борис Борисович Ротенберг; born 19 May 1986 in Leningrad) is a Finnish-Russian professional footballer who plays for FC Rostov on loan from FC Dynamo Moscow in Russian Football Premier League.	Boris Borisovich Rotenberg	19 May 1986
date of birth	Terry-Thomas (born Thomas Terry Hoar Stevens; 10 July 1911 -- 8 January 1990) was an English comedian and character actor who became known to a worldwide audience through his many films during the 1950s and '60s.	Terry-Thomas	10 July 1911
date of birth	Hans-Wilhelm Steinfeld (born 29 March 1951) is a Norwegian journalist, foreign correspondent and non-fiction writer.	Hans-Wilhelm Steinfeld	29 March 1951
date of birth	Manuela Darling-Gansser (29 December 1950) is a writer of food and travel cookbooks, a contributor to lifestyle magazines and has appeared as a repeat guest on Australian television shows.	Manuela Darling-Gansser	29 December 1950
date of birth	Vladimir Shklyarov (Russian: Владимир Шкляров, born 9 February 1985) is a principal dancer of the Mariinsky Ballet.	Vladimir Shklyarov	9 February 1985
date of birth	Brett Peter Cowan (born 18 September 1969) is an Australian murderer and sex offender who was convicted of the murder of Daniel Morcombe, who disappeared from the Sunshine Coast on 7 December 2003.	Brett Peter Cowan	18 September 1969
date of birth	Géza von Radványi (26 September 1907 -- 27 November 1986) was a Hungarian film director, cinematographer, producer and writer.	Géza von Radványi	26 September 1907
date of birth	John Malcolm Forbes Ludlow (8 March 1821 -- 17 October 1911) was an English lawyer and leader of the Christian socialist movement.	John Malcolm Forbes Ludlow	8 March 1821
date of birth	Wes Patten (born 17 February 1974) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s.	Wes Patten	17 February 1974
date of birth	Nilo Cruz (born 1960) is a Cuban-American playwright and pedagogue.	Nilo Cruz	1960
date of birth	Eaton Stannard Barrett (1786 -- March 20, 1820) was an Irish poet and author of political satires and the comic novel The Heroine, or:	Eaton Stannard Barrett	1786
date of birth	Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh (Irish pronunciation: (ˈmaɾʲed̪ nʲiː ˈwiːn̪i)) (born 26 July 1959) is an Irish fiddler and the lead vocalist for the Irish folk music band Altan, which she co-founded with her late husband Frankie Kennedy in 1987.	Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh	26 July 1959
date of birth	Leslie Mouton (born 1965) is a television news anchor and public speaker.	Leslie Mouton	1965
date of birth	Frank Versteegh (born 19 September 1954) is a Dutch aerobatics pilot.	Frank Versteegh	19 September 1954
date of birth	Franz Michael Leuchsenring (13 April 1746 -- February 1827) was a German writer of the Enlightenment.	Franz Michael Leuchsenring	13 April 1746
date of birth	Ray Higgs (born 1950) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1970s.	Ray Higgs	1950
date of birth	Vita Heine (born 21 November 1984) is a racing cyclist.	Vita Heine	21 November 1984
date of birth	Craig Douglas (born Terence Perkins, 12 August 1941) is an English pop singer, who was popular in the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Craig Douglas	12 August 1941
date of birth	Samuel Łaszcz, Prawdzic Coat of Arms (1588--1649), famous nobleman in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, Starosta of Owrucz, Crown Grand Standard-bearer, Crown Great Guard (praefectus excubiarum seu vigiliarum), military commander and zagończyk(brave raider), infarmis(infamia) and outlaw, with family estate in Łaszczów.	Samuel Łaszcz	1588
date of birth	Sir Samuel Canning (1823--1908) was an English pioneer of submarine telegraphy.	Samuel Canning	1823
date of birth	Gottlieb Hufeland (29 October 1760 -- 25 February 1817) was a German economist and jurist.	Gottlieb Hufeland	29 October 1760
date of birth	Oldřich Klimecký (* 16 February 1940) Czech entrepreneur, researcher, manager, and former director of Mostecká uhelná společnost.	Oldřich Klimecký	16 February 1940
date of birth	Sven Lindahl (born 25 June 1937 in Stockholm) is a Swedish journalist, songwriter, radio and television presenter.	Sven Lindahl	25 June 1937
date of birth	Stipe Perica (born 7 July 1995) is a Croatian football striker, currently playing for Udinese on loan from Chelsea.	Stipe Perica	7 July 1995
date of birth	Louis Liebe (1819--1900) was a German conductor and composer who was a pupil of Louis Spohr.	Louis Liebe	1819
date of birth	Norman Fiering (born 1935 New York City) is an American historian, and Director and Librarian, Emeritus, of the John Carter Brown Library.	Norman Fiering	1935
date of birth	Michael Van Norman better known as Mickey Vann (born 29 December 1943 in London, England) is a former boxer and British boxing referee.	Mickey Vann	29 December 1943
date of birth	Mike Burrows (born 1943) is a bicycle designer from Norwich, England.	Mike Burrows	1943
date of birth	Cai Weiyan (Chinese: 蔡维艳; born 25 October 1973 in Anhui) is a retired athlete who specialised in the pole vault.	Cai Weiyan	25 October 1973
date of birth	Maria Nardelli (born in Taranto on 9 May 1954) is an Italian paralympic athlete who has won three medals at the Summer Paralympics.	Maria Nardelli	9 May 1954
date of birth	Delia Boccardo (born 29 January 1948) is an Italian film, television and stage actress.	Delia Boccardo	29 January 1948
date of birth	Sir John Clanvowe (1341--1391) was a Welsh diplomat, soldier and poet.	John Clanvowe	1341
date of birth	Smita Agarwal (born 1958) is a poet and professor of English at the University of Allahabad, India.	Smita Agarwal	1958
date of birth	Graham Mackay (born 12 October 1968) is an Australian former national and state representative rugby league footballer whose club career spanned Ten Australian and English clubs, including Western Suburbs, Penrith, Gold Coast Chargers, Hull and Ipswich Jets in a sixteen-year top grade career.	Graham Mackay	12 October 1968
date of birth	Charlie Maplestone (13 May 1876 -- 12 November 1937) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Charlie Maplestone	13 May 1876
date of birth	Jonathan Dove (born 18 July 1959) is an English composer (born in London) of opera, choral works, plays, films, and orchestral and chamber music.	Jonathan Dove	18 July 1959
date of birth	Kate Soper (born 1943) is a British philosopher and the author of and contributor to over a dozen books on feminism and Continental Philosophy, addressing the works of Jean-Paul Sartre, Karl Marx and Simone de Beauvoir, among others.	Kate Soper	1943
date of birth	Reg Fearman (born 26 April 1933 in London, England) is a former international speedway rider and promoter.	Reg Fearman	26 April 1933
date of birth	Petar Divić (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Дивић ; born 11 July 1975) is a Serbian international football player.	Petar Divić	11 July 1975
date of birth	Robert Hägg (born 8 February 1995) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player, currently playing with the Lehigh Valley Phantoms in the American Hockey League (AHL).	Robert Hägg	8 February 1995
date of birth	Gocha Tkebuchava (Georgian: გოჩა ტყებუჩავა; born 24 November 1963) is a Georgian professional football coach and former player.	Gocha Tkebuchava	24 November 1963
date of birth	Arthur Khamidulin (sometimes spelled Artur Khamidullin or Artour Khamidouline; Russian: Артур Хамидулин; born 30 April 1977) is a Russian former ski jumper.	Arthur Khamidulin	30 April 1977
date of birth	Joseph Burnett (26 December 1899 -- 19 November 1941) was a Royal Australian Navy (RAN) officer most widely known as the captain of the light cruiser HMAS Sydney in the battle between HMAS Sydney and HSK Kormoran on 19 November 1941.	Joseph Burnett	26 December 1899
date of birth	Ma Xiaochun (simplified Chinese: 马晓春; traditional Chinese: 馬暁春; pinyin: Mǎ Xiǎochūn; born 26 August 1964) is a Chinese professional Go player.	Ma Xiaochun	26 August 1964
date of birth	Rosalie Boyd (born 21 October 1987), is an Australian team handball player.	Rosalie Boyd	21 October 1987
date of birth	Jan Poštulka (born 9 March 1949) is a Czech football coach and ex-football player.	Jan Poštulka	9 March 1949
date of birth	Stefan Savage (born 1969) is an American computer science researcher, currently a Professor in the Systems and Networking Group at the University of California, San Diego.	Stefan Savage	1969
date of birth	Richard A. Jones (born 1950) is an attorney and a United States federal district judge in Seattle, Washington.	Richard A. Jones	1950
date of birth	Diane Holland (28 February 1930 -- 24 January 2009) was a British actress best known for playing Yvonne Stuart-Hargreaves in Hi-de-Hi! from 1980 to 1988.	Diane Holland	28 February 1930
date of birth	Damaen Kelly (born 18 August 1976) (also incorrectly known as Damien Kelly) is a former professional boxer from Belfast, Northern Ireland, who represented the Ireland at the Olympics.	Damaen Kelly	18 August 1976
date of birth	Pierre-Alexis Pessonneaux (born 25 November 1987) is a French sprinter who specialises in the 200 metres.	Pierre-Alexis Pessonneaux	25 November 1987
date of birth	Chen Lijun (谌利军, Chén Lìjūn; born 8 February 1993) is a Chinese weightlifter.	Chen Lijun	8 February 1993
date of birth	Madeline Davis (born 1940) is a noted gay rights activist.	Madeline Davis	1940
date of birth	Ricardo Zurita (born 1959) is an American architect and the founder of the design firm Ricardo Zurita Architecture and Planning, P.C. (RZAPS).	Ricardo Zurita	1959
date of birth	Park Yong-wook (born 6 December 1983) is a former South Korean professional StarCraft player who played under the alias Kingdom.	Park Yong-wook	6 December 1983
date of birth	Saleem Kausar (Urdu: سلیم کوثر‎), born Muhammad Saleem (Urdu: محمد سلیم‎) on August 1947, is a Pakistani Urdu poet.	Saleem Kausar	August 1947
date of birth	Eduardo Fernando Pereira Gomes (born 13 August 1981), known as Dady, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays as a striker.	Dady	13 August 1981
date of birth	Lex Frieden (born 1949) is an American educator, researcher, disability policy expert and disability rights activist.	Lex Frieden	1949
date of birth	Michael Seddon (born 13 May 1958) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1980s.	Michael Seddon	13 May 1958
date of birth	John Charles Brudenell-Bruce, MBE, OStJ (6 March 1885 - 13 February 1960), was a diplomat in the British service and a politician who served during the years immediately after the reintroduction of democracy in the British Virgin Islands in 1950.	John Charles Brudenell-Bruce	6 March 1885
date of birth	Jessica Schwarz (born 5 May 1977) is a German film and TV actress.	Jessica Schwarz	5 May 1977
date of birth	Alicja Gescinska (Warsaw, 1981) is a Polish-Belgian philosopher.	Alicja Gescinska	1981
date of birth	Moshe Shlomovich (Hebrew: משה שלומוביץ'‎, born 1949) is a former Israeli footballer who played for Maccabi Netanya.	Moshe Shlomovich	1949
date of birth	Lynn Crawford (born 1964) is a Canadian chef, trained at George Brown College in Toronto.	Lynn Crawford	1964
date of birth	Swami Karpatri (Swāmi Karpātrī; 1907--1982; born as Har Narayan Ojha in a village called Bhatni of Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh, India) was a monk in the Hindu dashanami monastic tradition.	Swami Karpatri	1907
date of birth	Kathleen de Leon Jones (born Kathleen de Leon on 1 September 1977) is an Australian actress, dancer, and singer of Filipino descent.	Kathleen de Leon Jones	1 September 1977
date of birth	Salvatore Sanzo (born 26 November 1975) is an Italian fencer and Olympian.	Salvatore Sanzo	26 November 1975
date of birth	Kumaree Rajeshree Deerpalsing, MP, (born नीता दीरपालसिंग on 27 January 1965), also known as Nita Deerpalsing, is the 3rd Member of Parliament elected serving for constituency No 18, Belle Rose & Quatre Bornes since 2005.	Nita Deerpalsing	27 January 1965
date of birth	Born Rima J. C. Hoyes-Cock in 1951, Gennie Nevinson is the daughter of the late actress Nancy Nevinson, (Nee Ezekiel) and sister of two brothers, one of whom is the actor Nigel Nevinson.	Gennie Nevinson	1951
date of birth	Wong Chi Hang Sara (born in Hong Kong in 1968) is a Hong Kong-based visual artist and landscape architect.	Wong Chi Hang Sara	1968
date of birth	Lawrence J. Darmour (1895-1942) was an American film producer, operator of Larry Darmour Productions from 1927, and a significant figure in Hollywood's Poverty Row.	Larry Darmour	1895
date of birth	Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands (née Petra Laurentien Brinkhorst; born 25 May 1966) is the wife of Prince Constantijn and sister-in-law of King Willem-Alexander and Queen Máxima.	Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands	25 May 1966
date of birth	Eve Tetaz (born 1931) is a retired Washington, D.C. public-school teacher and a peace and justice activist.	Eve Tetaz	1931
date of birth	Bryn Fôn (born 27 August 1954) is a Welsh actor and singer-songwriter.	Bryn Fôn	27 August 1954
date of birth	Christiana Kalogirou (Greek: Χριστιάνα Καλογήρου; born 1964 in Athens) is a Greek economist and politician of Nea Dimokratia.	Christiana Kalogirou	1964
date of birth	Florin Fodor (born 1974) is a citizen of Romania who made several attempts to enter Canada illegally.	Florin Fodor	1974
date of birth	Alibek Alievich Aliev (Russian: Алибек Алиевич Алиев; born 16 August 1996) is a Russian-Swedish professional footballer who currently plays for Russian side CSKA Moscow.	Alibek Aliev	16 August 1996
date of birth	Donald G. Keller (born 1951) is a science fiction and fantasy editor and critic.	Donald G. Keller	1951
date of birth	Sergei Loznitsa (Belarusian: Сяргей Уладзіміравіч Лазніца, Russian: Серге́й Влади́мирович Лозни́ца, Ukrainian: Сергій Володимирович Лозниця) (born 5 September 1964) is a Ukrainian director known for his documentary as well as dramatic films.	Sergei Loznitsa	5 September 1964
date of birth	Jannik Lindbæk (born 23 March 1939) is a Norwegian banker and businessperson.	Jannik Lindbæk	23 March 1939
date of birth	Henry Aron (11 November 1842 -- 13 November 1885) was a French journalist and political essayist.	Henry Aron	11 November 1842
date of birth	Brian Patchett (born 1941) was a British corporal of the Intelligence Corps who defected with his girlfriend to East Germany in July 1963.	Brian Patchett	1941
date of birth	Bernie Jones (born 3 May 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn and Essendon in the VFL during the 1970s.	Bernie Jones	3 May 1953
date of birth	Sadanand Bakre (S. K. Bakre) (10 November 1920 -- 18 December 2007) was an Indian painter and sculptor.	Sadanand Bakre	10 November 1920
date of birth	Eskor Toyo (1929--2015) was a Nigerian Marxist scholar, writer and academic.	Eskor Toyo	1929
date of birth	Marta Wenger (born 18 July 1953) is a South African politician, currently a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance.	Marta Wenger	18 July 1953
date of birth	Ian Waite (born 29 January 1971) is a professional dancer specialising in Latin American dance, a teacher and choreographer.	Ian Waite	29 January 1971
date of birth	Balanathan Benjamin Mahendran (20 May 1939 -- 13 February 2014), commonly known as Balu Mahendra, was a cinematographer, director, screenwriter and film editor, who worked in various Indian film industries, primarily in Tamil cinema.	Balu Mahendra	20 May 1939
date of birth	C. S. Amudhan (born on 19 July 1977) (Tamil: C.S.அமுதன்) is an Indian filmmaker and lyricist from the Tamil film industry.	C. S. Amudhan	19 July 1977
date of birth	Robert Adol'fovich Minlos (Russian: Роберт Адольфович Минлос) (born 28 February 1931, Moscow) is a Soviet and Russian mathematician who has made important contributions to probability theory and mathematical physics.	Robert Adol'fovich Minlos	28 February 1931
date of birth	Glen Dettman (November 1921 -- 11 October 1993) was an Australian pathologist and medical writer who, in 1950, founded the Oakleigh Pathology Service.	Glen Dettman	1921
date of birth	Moshe Mann (Hebrew: משה מן‎; 13 April 1907 -- 17 October 2004) was an Israeli military officer who was the first commander of the Golani Brigade.	Moshe Mann	13 April 1907
date of birth	Karina Fabian (born 1967) is an American writer of fantasy, science fiction, comedic horror, and devotionals.	Karina Fabian	1967
date of birth	Alix Louise Sauvage, OAM (born 18 September 1973) is an Australian paralympic wheelchair racer.	Louise Sauvage	18 September 1973
date of birth	Timo Roosen (born 11 January 1993) is a Dutch cyclist who rides for UCI WorldTeam LottoNL-Jumbo.	Timo Roosen	11 January 1993
date of birth	Diana Chang (born 1934) is a Chinese American novelist and poet.	Diana Chang	1934
date of birth	Johanne Seizberg (1732--1772) was a Danish artist, drawing artist, and illustrator, and a teacher.	Johanne Seizberg	1732
date of birth	Willi Thulke (22 September 1916 -- 4 September 1998) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II and an Oberstleutnant in the Bundeswehr.	Willi Thulke	22 September 1916
date of birth	Scott Kahn (born 1946, Springfield, Massachusetts) is an American painter and draughtsman.	Scott Kahn	1946
date of birth	Alejandro Fernández Abarca (Spanish pronunciation: (aleˈxandro feɾˈnandes); born 24 April 1971) is a Mexican singer.	Alejandro Fernández	24 April 1971
date of birth	Hiroko Kuwata (Japanese: 桑田寛子; born 18 December 1990) is a Japanese tennis player.	Hiroko Kuwata	18 December 1990
date of birth	Diarmuid Mac an Adhastair, (c. 1944 -- July 10, 2015) was an Irish actor who portrayed the character Seamus Mhicil Tom on the Irish drama, Ros na Rún.	Diarmuid Mac an Adhastair	1944
date of birth	Alfonso de Iruarrizaga (born 22 August 1957) is a Chilean sports shooter and Olympic medalist.	Alfonso de Iruarrizaga	22 August 1957
date of birth	Emma Biggs (born 1956) is a London-based mosaic artist and author of a number of standard textbooks on contemporary mosaic practice.	Emma Biggs	1956
date of birth	Dr Alimantado (born Winston James Thompson; 1952 in Kingston), also known as The Ital Surgeon, is a Jamaican reggae singer, DJ, and producer.	Dr Alimantado	1952
date of birth	Sunny Hundal (born 1977) is a British journalist, blogger and academic.	Sunny Hundal	1977
date of birth	Tarsem King, Baron King of West Bromwich (24 April 1937 -- 9 January 2013) was a British Labour politician and member of the House of Lords.	Tarsem King, Baron King of West Bromwich	24 April 1937
date of birth	Ewelina Flinta (born 24 October 1979 in Lubsko) is a Polish singer.	Ewelina Flinta	24 October 1979
date of birth	Peter Baco (born 9 April 1945; Opatová) is a Slovak politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Ludova strana - Hnutie za demokraticke Slovensko, and is therefore a Non-Inscrit in the European Parliament.	Peter Baco	9 April 1945
date of birth	Judah Leib Cahan (1881, Vilna, Lithuania -- 1937, New York City) was a Yiddish folklorist.	Judah Leib Cahan	1881
date of birth	Andrea Renzullo (born 2 March 1996 in Sundern, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German singer and was a participant who finished fourth in season 4 of Das Supertalent.	Andrea Renzullo	2 March 1996
date of birth	Stephen Moulton (7 July 1794--26 April 1880) was an Englishman who, as an agent of the U.S. rubber pioneer Charles Goodyear, first brought samples of vulcanized rubber to the UK.	Stephen Moulton	7 July 1794
date of birth	Gary Younge (born 1969) is a British journalist, author and broadcaster.	Gary Younge	1969
date of birth	Harold Mockford (born 1932) is a Sussex artist closely associated with the Towner Gallery in Eastbourne.	Harold Mockford	1932
date of birth	Brendan Fowler (born 24 March 1978 in Berkeley, CA) is a Los Angeles-based musician and multi-disciplinary artist who works in photography, sculpture, and performance.	Brendan Fowler	24 March 1978
date of birth	Ivett Nagy (born 28 June 1982 in Kisvárda) is a Hungarian handballer who currently plays for Nantes Loire Atlantique HB and also has been selected to the Hungarian national team.	Ivett Nagy	28 June 1982
date of birth	Jean Baptiste Ricord (born in Paris, France, in 1777; died on the island of Guadeloupe, West Indies, in 1837) was a French-American physician.	Jean Baptiste Ricord	1777
date of birth	Shuman Ghosemajumder (born 1974) is a Canadian technologist, entrepreneur, and author.	Shuman Ghosemajumder	1974
date of birth	William Craig Brownlee (1784 -- February 10, 1860) was an American clergyman, professor of languages and author.	William Craig Brownlee	1784
date of birth	Mark Aizlewood (born 1 October 1959) is a Welsh former professional footballer and Wales international.	Mark Aizlewood	1 October 1959
date of birth	Alistair Beaton (born 1947) is a Scottish left-wing political satirist, journalist, radio presenter, novelist and television writer.	Alistair Beaton	1947
date of birth	Franz-Peter Hofmeister (born 5 August 1951) was a West German athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.	Franz-Peter Hofmeister	5 August 1951
date of birth	Fred Fangyu Wang (1913 -- October 6, 1997) was a Chinese calligrapher, art collector, and a Professor of the Chinese at Yale University and Seton Hall University.	Fred Fangyu Wang	1913
date of birth	Tomi Lotta (born 1 January 1976) is a Finnish strongman competitor.	Tomi Lotta	1 January 1976
date of birth	Cheung Hon-chung (born 25 May 1958, Hong Kong) was the member of the Legislative Council in 1995--97 for New Territories North, which was the only two of the 20 geographical constituency seats the pro-Beijing Democratic Alliance for the Betterment of Hong Kong in the 1995 Legislative Council Election.	Cheung Hon-chung	25 May 1958
date of birth	Frank Bale (7 January 1891 -- 16 January 1969) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Leicestershire between 1920 and 1928.	Frank Bale	7 January 1891
date of birth	James Aaron Watson is an American Texas country music singer (born August 20, 1977) from Amarillo, TX.	Aaron Watson	1977
date of birth	Chester Conn (born 1896, date of death unknown), sometimes spelled Chester Cohn, was an American composer of popular music.	Chester Conn	1896
date of birth	Neil Boyer (born 1940) is an American oboist.	Neil Boyer	1940
date of birth	Bernard Becker (August 21, 1920 -- August 28, 2013) was professor emeritus of ophthalmology and visual sciences at Washington University's School of Medicine in St. Louis.	Bernard Becker	1920
date of birth	Alois Brunner (8 April 1912 -- c. 2010) was an Austrian Schutzstaffel (SS) officer who worked as Adolf Eichmann's assistant.	Alois Brunner	8 April 1912
date of birth	Charalampos Pavlidis (Greek: Χαράλαμπος Παυλίδης; born 6 May 1991 in Veria) is a Greek footballer who plays for Aris in the Gamma Ethniki as an Attacking Midfielder.	Charalampos Pavlidis	6 May 1991
date of birth	Tyler Blackwood (born 24 July 1991) is a footballer who plays as a striker for Queens Park Rangers.	Tyler Blackwood	24 July 1991
date of birth	Zang Tianshuo (Chinese: 臧天朔; Langfang, 6 March 1964) is a Chinese rock musician.	Zang Tianshuo	6 March 1964
date of birth	Michael Verdon (19 December 1838 -- 23 November 1918) was the 2nd Catholic Bishop of Dunedin (1896--1918).	Michael Verdon	19 December 1838
date of birth	Svend Aadnesen Løge (3 October 1869 -- 1 February 1948) was a Norwegian politician and temperance activist.	Svend Aadnesen Løge	3 October 1869
date of birth	Stergios Logothetidis (Greek: Στέργιος Λογοθετίδης; born 9 November 1953) is a Greek physicist and a full time professor at the solid-state physics department of Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.	Stergios Logothetidis	9 November 1953
date of birth	Cornelis Cort (c. 1533 -- c. 17 March 1578) was a Dutch engraver and draughtsman.	Cornelis Cort	1533
date of birth	Jin Jifa (Chinese: 金紀發; born 1943), also known as Jin Ji(金己), is a Chinese painter and contemporary artist, known predominantly for his colorful abstract works, with rich texture, geometrically transposed, vividly depicting still objects, mostly flowers in vase, or country side landscape in China;	Jin Jifa	1943
date of birth	Gwilym Simcock (born 24 February 1981) is a British pianist and composer working in both jazz and classical music, and often blurring the boundaries of the two.	Gwilym Simcock	24 February 1981
date of birth	Vugar Akhmadov (born 17 January 1992), commonly known by his stage name Vugarixx, is an Azerbaijani DJ and Music Producer.	Vugarixx	17 January 1992
date of birth	Guo Zongxun (郭宗訓) (14 September 953 -- 973), also known by his posthumous name Gongdi (恭帝; ``Emperor Gong''), was the third and last emperor of ancient China's short-lived Later Zhou during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.	Guo Zongxun	953
date of birth	Maggie Koerth-Baker (born 1981) is an American science journalist.	Maggie Koerth-Baker	1981
date of birth	Paul Weel born 27 July 1979 in Geelong, Victoria, was an Australian V8 Supercar racing driver.	Paul Weel	27 July 1979
date of birth	Theo Müller (born 1940) is a German heir and businessman, the head of the dairy company Unternehmensgruppe Theo Müller.	Theo Müller	1940
date of birth	Zeno Vendler (December 22, 1921 -- January 13, 2004) was an American philosopher of language, and a founding member and former director of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Calgary.	Zeno Vendler	1921
date of birth	Joe Witte (born 1943) is currently a researcher at the Goddard Spaceflight Center specializing in Visual Communication of Climate Science and Television news visualizations.	Joe Witte	1943
date of birth	Malcolm Elliott (born 1 July 1961) is a former English professional cyclist, whose professional career has lasted from 1984 to 1997 when he retired and from 2003 up to 2011 when he made his comeback in British domestic racing.	Malcolm Elliott	1 July 1961
date of birth	Davide Sinigaglia (born 29 July 1981) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian third-division-side Pistoiese.	Davide Sinigaglia	29 July 1981
date of birth	Bal Phondke (born 22 April 1939) is the nom-de-plume of Dr Gajanan Phondke, a leading Marathi writer of science literature (fiction and non-fiction).	Bal Phondke	22 April 1939
date of birth	Peter Hegedus (born 21 August 1976) is an award winning writer, director and producer of both documentary and short fiction films.	Peter Hegedus	21 August 1976
date of birth	Adriana Molinari (born 26 November 1967) is a former beauty pageant winner, stripper, and pornographic actress who mainly worked for Vivid Entertainment from around 1998 to 2000.	Adriana Molinari	26 November 1967
date of birth	Maarten Neyens (born 1 March 1985) is a professional Belgian road cyclist, who last rode for Lotto-Belisol.	Maarten Neyens	1 March 1985
date of birth	Niña de Antequera (Maria Barrus Martínez, 1920 - 1972) was a Spanish flamenco singer.	Niña de Antequera	1920
date of birth	Carlo Abarth (15 November 1908 -- 24 October 1979), born Karl Albert Abarth, was an automobile designer.	Carlo Abarth	15 November 1908
date of birth	Zhang Qibin (born November 1953) is a former major general in the People's Liberation Army of China.	Zhang Qibin	November 1953
date of birth	Liu Lei (Chinese: 刘雷; born February 1957) is a lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Liu Lei	1957
date of birth	Isaac Goldberg (1887-July 14, 1938) was an American journalist, author, critic, translator, editor, publisher, and lecturer.	Isaac Goldberg	1887
date of birth	Samuel Wells Williams (衛三畏; 22 September 1812 - February 16, 1884) was a linguist, official, missionary and Sinologist from the United States in the early 19th century.	Samuel Wells Williams	22 September 1812
date of birth	Karl Olsen (27 December 1910 -- 21 February 1999) was a Norwegian civil servant.	Karl Olsen	27 December 1910
date of birth	Tomer Elbaz (Hebrew: תומר אלבז‎; born 3 July 1989) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Hapoel Bnei Lod.	Tomer Elbaz	3 July 1989
date of birth	Stephan Marasek (born 4 January 1970) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager who last managed SVG Reichenau.	Stephan Marasek	4 January 1970
date of birth	Merima Mohammed Hasen (born 10 June 1992) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in road running events, including the marathon.	Merima Mohammed	10 June 1992
date of birth	Miki Yazo (Hebrew: מיקי יזאו‎; born 1 January 1991), also known as Yazao Mekonenet, is an Israeli footballer of Ethiopian descent who currently plays for Hapoel Haifa.	Miki Yazo	1 January 1991
date of birth	Sadashir Datar (born 1885, date of death unknown) was an Indian long-distance runner.	Sadashir Datar	1885
date of birth	Tiken Jah Fakoly (born 23 June 1968) is an Ivorian reggae singer.	Tiken Jah Fakoly	23 June 1968
date of birth	Nazia Ali (Bengali: নাৎসি আলী; born 19 February 1977) is a Bangladeshi-born British novelist.	Nazia Ali	19 February 1977
date of birth	John Robert Dunn (1834--1895) was a South African settler, hunter, and diplomat of Scottish descent.	John Robert Dunn	1834
date of birth	René Berg (born Ian Bruce, 24 February 1956 -- 28 July 2003) was an English musician, vocalist, guitarist, and songwriter, who recorded and performed in a number of bands starting in the late 1970s until his death.	René Berg	24 February 1956
date of birth	Robert Norman Bland (1859--1948), or ``R. N. Bland,'' as he was more commonly known then in The Straits, was Resident Councillor of Penang and a career civil servant in the Colonial Administration of the Straits Settlements.	Robert Norman Bland	1859
date of birth	Susana Chou Vaz da Luz also known as Chou Kei Jan (born 2 December 1941 in Shanghai) was the President of the Legislative Assembly of Macau from 1999 to 2009.	Susana Chou	2 December 1941
date of birth	Evelynn M. Hammonds (born 1953) is an American feminist, academic professor and scholar.	Evelynn M. Hammonds	1953
date of birth	Yadolah Dodge (born 30 March 1944) is an Iranian and Swiss statistician.	Yadolah Dodge	30 March 1944
date of birth	Emanuela Trane (born 16 May 1977), better known by her stage name Dolcenera (ˌdoltʃeˈneːra), is an Italian singer, songwriter and actress.	Dolcenera	16 May 1977
date of birth	Khalifa Ahmed Al Bin Ali (Arabic: خليفة بن أحمد آل بن علي‎) (1936--2006), was one of the leading, principal, and most important men of the Al Bin Ali tribe in Bahrain during the early 1970s throughout the early 2000s.	Khalifa Ahmed Al Bin Ali	1936
date of birth	Jean-André Lepaute (23 November 1720 -- 11 April 1789), together with his younger brother Jean-Baptiste Lepaute (6 February 1727 -- 18 March 1802), was a founder of an outstanding French clockmaker dynasty of their day, holding the brevet horlogers du Roi.	Jean-André Lepaute	23 November 1720
date of birth	Swetha (born 31 March 1984), popularly known as Rakshita, is a South Indian film actress.	Rakshita	31 March 1984
date of birth	Hennadiy Perepadenko (born 16 June 1964 in Zaporizhia) is a Ukrainian former professional footballer who played for Chornomorets Odessa, Spartak Moscow and CD Badajoz and the USSR national football team.	Hennadiy Perepadenko	16 June 1964
date of birth	Oswald Duda (11 April 1869 -- 21 November 1941), full name Pavel Theodor Friedrich Oswald Duda was a German entomologist mainly interested in Diptera.	Oswald Duda	11 April 1869
date of birth	Benedict Nordentoft (17 January 1873 -- 12 December 1942) was a Danish educator and cleric, principally remembered for the years he spent in Solvang, California, where he and his colleagues established a Danish community with a Lutheran church and a folk high school.	Benedict Nordentoft	17 January 1873
date of birth	Sterling Betancourt MBE, FRSA (born 30 March 1930) is a Trinidad-born pioneer, inventor, arranger and musician on the steelpan, a major figure in pioneering the Pan in Europe and the UK (1951).	Sterling Betancourt	30 March 1930
date of birth	Tony Notte (born 15 April 1990) is an Australian rules footballer currently listed with the Swan Districts Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	Tony Notte	15 April 1990
date of birth	Tom Bogs (born 21 November 1944) is a retired Danish middleweight boxer.	Tom Bogs	21 November 1944
date of birth	Jan Martin Larsen (born 27 October 1938) is a Norwegian cartographer, orienteer and politician.	Jan Martin Larsen	27 October 1938
date of birth	Dowster or DJ Dowster, also known as David Thomas, (Born in Newport, South Wales, 1 March 1977), is a record producer, singer-songwriter and disc jockey from Cwmbran in South Wales.	Dowster	1 March 1977
date of birth	Gabriel Pigrée (born 18 March 1985) is a French born international footballer who plays as a Forward for French Guiana.	Gabriel Pigrée	18 March 1985
date of birth	Myrna Herzog (born in Rio de Janeiro, 1 December 1951) is a Brazilian born Israeli musician, player of the viol/viola da gamba and baroque cello, a conductor and is a researcher in the field of viols.	Myrna Herzog	1 December 1951
date of birth	Mihajlo Kažić (in Serbian Михајло Кажић) (born in Pristina in 1960) is a Serbian novelist.	Mihajlo Kažić	1960
date of birth	Frazer Hines (born 22 September 1944) is an English actor best known for his roles as Jamie McCrimmon in Doctor Who and Joe Sugden in Emmerdale.	Frazer Hines	22 September 1944
date of birth	Walter Kamba (6 September 1931 -- 18 May 2007) was a Zimbabwean lawyer and academic.	Walter Kamba	6 September 1931
date of birth	Leslie Morrell (born 26 December 1931) is a former unionist politician in Northern Ireland.	Leslie Morrell	26 December 1931
date of birth	Loïc Perizzolo (born 20 October 1988, in Veyrier) is a Swiss amateur racing cyclist.	Loïc Perizzolo	20 October 1988
date of birth	Simon Grynaeus (1493 -- 1 August 1541) was a German scholar and theologian of the Protestant Reformation.	Simon Grynaeus	1493
date of birth	Miltiadis Gouskos (Greek: Μιλτιάδης Γούσκος, 1877 -- 9 July 1903) was a Greek athlete.	Miltiadis Gouskos	1877
date of birth	Lucy Gannon (born 1948) is a British playwright and television writer, and producer.	Lucy Gannon	1948
date of birth	Wade Keighran (born 1 August 1984) is an Australian rock musician, songwriter, audio engineer and record producer currently based in Sydney.	Wade Keighran	1 August 1984
date of birth	So Kyong-jin (born 8 January 1994) is a North Korean international football player.	So Kyong-jin	8 January 1994
date of birth	Huang Lixin (Chinese: 黄莉新; pinyin: Huáng Lìxīn; born August 1962) is a Chinese politician currently serving as Communist Party Secretary of Nanjing, the capital of Jiangsu province, and a member of the Jiangsu provincial Party Standing Committee, the province's top ruling council.	Huang Lixin	August 1962
date of birth	Neven Mimica (pronounced (nêʋen mîmit͡sa); born 12 October 1953) is a Croatian politician and diplomat who serves as European Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development in the Juncker Commission since 1 November 2014.	Neven Mimica	12 October 1953
date of birth	Oscar White Muscarella (b. 1931) is an American archaeologist and former research fellow at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, where he worked for over 40 years before retiring in 2009.	Oscar White Muscarella	1931
date of birth	Luigi Comollo often anglicized as Louis Comollo (7 April 1817 - 2 April 1839) was a seminarian at the Seminary of Chieri of Archdiocese of Turin.	Luigi Comollo	7 April 1817
date of birth	Susan Powter (born 22 December 1957) is an Australian-born American motivational speaker, nutritionist, personal trainer and author, who rose to fame in the 1990s with her catchphrase ``Stop the Insanity!'', which was the centerpiece of her weight loss infomercial.	Susan Powter	22 December 1957
date of birth	Isamu Fujisawa (born 12 October 1987) is a Japanese racewalker.	Isamu Fujisawa	12 October 1987
date of birth	Stephen Deblois (1699--1778) was a musician who lived in New York and Boston, Massachusetts in the 18th century.	Stephen Deblois	1699
date of birth	Xue Ne (薛訥) (649--720), courtesy name Shenyan (慎言), formally Duke Zhaoding of Pingyang (平陽昭定公), was a general and official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving as a chancellor and major general during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong.	Xue Ne	649
date of birth	Geoffrey Somerset, 6th Baron Raglan (born 29 August 1932 at Cefntilla Court, Usk, Monmouthshire), is a British peer, business man, and Conservative politician.	Geoffrey Somerset, 6th Baron Raglan	29 August 1932
date of birth	Erasmus Darwin Barlow, FRCPsych, FZS (15 April 1915 -- 2 August 2005) was a British psychiatrist, physiologist and businessman.	Erasmus Darwin Barlow	15 April 1915
date of birth	Cristina Laslo (born 10 April 1996 in Cluj-Napoca) is a Romanian handballer who plays for Universitatea Alexandrion Cluj-Napoca.	Cristina Laslo	10 April 1996
date of birth	Bisi Komolafe (1986--2012) was a Nigerian actress, film director and producer best known for her role in the movies Igboro Ti Daru and Aramotu.	Bisi Komolafe	1986
date of birth	Tony Pinkney (born 1956) is Senior Lecturer in the Department of English, Lancaster University, England.	Tony Pinkney	1956
date of birth	Abel Gonzales Jr. (born November 1969), also known as Fried Jesus, is an ``extreme fryer'' and the five time winner of Big Tex Choice Awards, an annual contest at the Texas State Fair, and the inventor of several deep fried items including Fried Coke and deep-fried butter.	Abel Gonzales	1969
date of birth	Samuel Prideaux Tregelles (30 January 1813 -- 24 April 1875) was an English biblical scholar, textual critic, and theologian.	Samuel Prideaux Tregelles	30 January 1813
date of birth	Michel Fabrizio (born 17 September 1984) is a professional motorcycle road racer.	Michel Fabrizio	17 September 1984
date of birth	Halvor Bache Guldahl (18 March 1859 -- 10 October 1931) was a Norwegian jurist, businessman and County Governor of Nord-Trøndelag.	Halvor Bache Guldahl	18 March 1859
date of birth	Vasily Sopromadze Platonovich (born 9 December 1963, Poti, (ussr) is a property developer in Saint-Petersburg, Russian Federation and the president of property development company Corporation S LLC.	Vasily Sopromadze	9 December 1963
date of birth	Moses Browne (1704 -- September 1787) was a pen-cutter from Clerkenwell, London, England who became a poet and eventually rose amongst the ranks of the Church of England.	Moses Browne	1704
date of birth	Mimoza Nestorova-Tomić (born 1929) is a Macedonian architect, planner, and urban designer, who played a significant role in the masterplan and reconstruction of Skopje after the 1963 earthquake.	Mimoza Nestorova-Tomić	1929
date of birth	Giovanni Maria Nanino (also Nanini; 1543 or 1544 -- March 11, 1607) was an Italian composer and teacher of the late Renaissance.	Giovanni Maria Nanino	1544
date of birth	Rao Weihui (simplified Chinese: 饶伟辉; traditional Chinese: 饒偉輝; Pinyin: Ráo Wěihuī; born 25 March 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guizhou Renhe in the Chinese Super League.	Rao Weihui	25 March 1989
date of birth	Yitzchak Elchanan Spektor (or Isaac Elhanan Spector) (1817--March 6, 1896) (Hebrew: יצחק אלחנן ספקטור‎) was a Russian rabbi, Posek and Talmudic sage of the 19th century.	Yitzchak Elchanan Spektor	1817
date of birth	Niklas Grönberg (born 29 June 1984 in Norrbotten), is a Swedish actor and musician.	Niklas Grönberg	29 June 1984
date of birth	Mauricio González-Gordon y Díez, Marquis of Bonanza (18 October 1923 -- 27 September 2013) was a Spanish sherry maker and a conservationist.	Mauricio González-Gordon y Díez	18 October 1923
date of birth	Tuomo Suntola (born 1943) is a Finnish scientist, inventor and technology leader, known for his pioneering research in materials science, developing the thin film growth technique called Atomic Layer Deposition.	Tuomo Suntola	1943
date of birth	Tuba Çandar (born 1948) is a Turkish journalist and author of biographies of three leading Turkish intellectuals.	Tuba Çandar	1948
date of birth	Aeshra Patel (born 10 April 1988) is an Indian supermodel, and an actress.	Aeshra Patel	10 April 1988
date of birth	Allen Moyer (born 1958) is an American set designer particularly known for his work in operas and Broadway musicals.	Allen Moyer	1958
date of birth	Luca Beccari (born 29 October 1974) is a Sammarinese politician who served as co-Captain Regent for a six-month term in 2014, alongside Valeria Ciavatta.	Luca Beccari	29 October 1974
date of birth	John Gordon Smith (1792--1833) was a Scottish surgeon and early professor of medical jurisprudence.	John Gordon Smith	1792
date of birth	Samantha Lewis (born 26 June 1971) is a former teenage actress.	Samantha Lewis	26 June 1971
date of birth	Arthur Gaeth (1905-1984) was the first president of a mission of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Czechoslovakia starting in 1929.	Arthur Gaeth	1905
date of birth	Air Vice Marshal Peter Dodworth CB, OBE, AFC (born 12 September 1940) is a former Royal Air Force officer who served as Head of the British Defence Staff in Washington, D.C. from 1991 to 1994.	Peter Dodworth	12 September 1940
date of birth	Henry George Impey Siddons (1851 -- 18 September 1936) was an Indian educationist.	Henry George Impey Siddons	1851
date of birth	Ahmed Abdelkader (Arabic: احمد عبدالقادر; born 17 September 1986) is a Libyan footballer who plays for Petrojet as a striker.	Ahmed Abdelkader	17 September 1986
date of birth	Marie-Denise Douyon (born 1961 in Port-au-Prince, Haiti) is a Canadian painter, illustrator and graphic artist.	Marie-Denise Douyon	1961
date of birth	Bishnu Shrestha (Nepali: बिष्णु श्रेष्ठ born 1975 in Parbat District, Nepal) is a retired Nepalese Gurkha soldier in the Indian army and recipient of the Sena Medal for bravery, and the Uttam Jeevan Raksha Padak medal, both awarded for his gallant conduct during an armed train robbery.	Bishnu Shrestha	1975
date of birth	Danny Shone (born 22 May 1899 in West Derby, Liverpool, England) was an English association footballer who played as a striker for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League between 1921 and 1928.	Danny Shone	22 May 1899
date of birth	Little Hawk (Lakota: Čhetáŋ Čík’ala) (1836--1899) was an Oglala Lakota war chief and a half-brother of Worm, father of Crazy Horse (Lakota: Tashunka-witko).	Little Hawk	1836
date of birth	Anne Heung Hoi-lam (born 2 October 1974) is a Hong Kong-born Canadian actress and model, formerly under contract to the television station TVB.	Anne Heung	2 October 1974
date of birth	Oum Ramatou is a writer born in Niamey in 1970.	Oum Ramatou	1970
date of birth	Dimitri Mikhailovich Youzefovitch (1777--1821) was a Russian nobleman from the Poltava region.	Dimitri Mikhailovich Youzefovitch	1777
date of birth	Karin O'Reilly Clashing (born 1992) is an Antiguan swimmer.	Karin O'Reilly Clashing	1992
date of birth	Walter Overbury (1592--1637) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commonsat various times between 1621 and 1626.	Walter Overbury	1592
date of birth	Ol Drake (born Oliver Michael Drake, 28 March 1984 in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England) is an English guitarist, most notably the former lead guitarist of English thrash metal group, Evile.	Ol Drake	28 March 1984
date of birth	Jonathan Myles-Lea (born 1969) is an English painter of country houses, historic buildings, and landscapes in a miniaturist technique, typically taking the form of aerial views.	Jonathan Myles-Lea	1969
date of birth	Theodosios (Hanna) of Sebastia (born 1965) is the Archbishop of Sebastia from the Orthodox Patriarchate of Jerusalem.	Theodosios (Hanna)	1965
date of birth	Thomas Stedman Whitwell (1784--1840) was an English architect and civil engineer, best known for his collaboration with Robert Owen on an unrealised design for a secular communal utopia at New Harmony, Indiana, USA.	Thomas Stedman Whitwell	1784
date of birth	David Martí (born in 1971 in Barcelona, Spain) is an actor and makeup specialist.	David Martí	1971
date of birth	Cândida Martins Ivete Vargas (17 July 1927 -- 3 January 1984), commonly known as Ivete Vargas, was a Brazilian journalist and politician.	Ivete Vargas	17 July 1927
date of birth	Anastasios Christopoulos (Greek: Αναστάσιος Χριστόπουλος) (1805--1887) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence and a lawman.	Anastasios Christopoulos	1805
date of birth	Sam Hayden (born 1968) is an English composer of classical and electronic music and an academic.	Sam Hayden	1968
date of birth	Plácido Domingo Jr. (born 1965), also known as Plácido and Plácido Jr., is a Mexican singer, songwriter, composer, and record producer.	Plácido Domingo Jr.	1965
date of birth	Ifor Huw Irranca-Davies (born 22 January 1963), born Ifor Huw Davies, is a Welsh Labour politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Ogmore since 2002.	Huw Irranca-Davies	22 January 1963
date of birth	Rick Amor (born 3 March 1948) is an Australian artist and figurative painter.	Rick Amor	3 March 1948
date of birth	Abu Abdullah al-Australi (1996 -- 11 March 2015), born Jake Bilardi, dubbed by the media as Jihadi Jake, was an 18-year-old Australian suicide bomber considered among the youngest recruited from a Western nation.	Jake Bilardi	1996
date of birth	Vincenzo Colosimo (born 11 November 1966) known professionally as Vince Colosimo is an Australian AFI Award winning stage, television and screen actor.	Vince Colosimo	11 November 1966
date of birth	Kotamraju Narayana Rao (Telugu: కోటంరాజు నారాయణ రావు; born 12 October 1931), also known as K. N. Rao (Telugu: కే.న.రావు), is a Hindu astrologer and author of many books on Hindu astrology.	K. N. Rao	12 October 1931
date of birth	Tsurugizan Taniemon (劔山谷右衛門, 1803 -- October 17, 1854) was a sumo wrestler from Toyama City, Japan.	Tsurugizan Taniemon	1803
date of birth	Ness Wadia (born 30 May 1970) is an Indian businessman belonging to the Wadia family.	Ness Wadia	30 May 1970
date of birth	Michael Peter MacMahon O.P.(1720--20 May 1807) was a Dominican friar and prelate of the Roman Catholic Church born in Limerick, Ireland.	Michael Peter MacMahon	1720
date of birth	Denis Noble CBE FRS FRCP FMedSci (born 16 November 1936) is a British biologist who held the Burdon Sanderson Chair of Cardiovascular Physiology at the University of Oxford from 1984 to 2004 and was appointed Professor Emeritus and co-Director of Computational Physiology.	Denis Noble	16 November 1936
date of birth	Jiang Daming (Chinese: 姜大明; pinyin: Jiāng Dàmíng; born 1953) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Jiang Daming	1953
date of birth	David Hacking, 3rd Baron Hacking (born 17 April 1938) is a British arbitrator, barrister and hereditary peer.	David Hacking, 3rd Baron Hacking	17 April 1938
date of birth	Zheng Xuebi (simplified Chinese: 郑雪碧; traditional Chinese: 鄭雪碧; pinyin: Zhèng Xuěbì; born February 1958) is a Chinese politician who spent most of his career in north China's Hebei province.	Zheng Xuebi	1958
date of birth	Richiardi Jr. (often billed just as Richiardi, and sometimes as Aldo Richiardi)), was the stage name of magician Aldo Izquierdo (24 November 1923 -- 6 September 1985), who became famous for dramatic and gory stage presentations of classic stage illusions.	Richiardi Jr	24 November 1923
date of birth	Leo Dynevor (born 13 February 1974) was a rugby league footballer of the '90s.	Leo Dynevor	13 February 1974
date of birth	Zhu Qinglan (Chinese: 朱慶瀾) (1874 -- January 13, 1941) courtesy name Ziqiao (Chinese: 子桥) was a Chinese military officer of the Republic of China	Zhu Qinglan	1874
date of birth	John Thomas Graves (1842 -- 1950) was one of the last surviving Confederate soldiers from the American Civil War.	John Thomas Graves	1842
date of birth	Bernhard Glass (born 6 November 1957) is an East German former luger who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Bernhard Glass	6 November 1957
date of birth	Violeta Tsvetkova (Bulgarian: Виолета Цветкова, born 29 July 1955) is a retired Bulgarian middle-distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Violeta Tsvetkova	29 July 1955
date of birth	Samuel Orgelbrand (1810-1868) was one of the most prominent Polish-Jewish printers, booksellers, and publishers of the 19th century.	Samuel Orgelbrand	1810
date of birth	William Johnson Temple (also Johnstone) (1739--1796) was an English cleric and essayist, now remembered as a correspondent of James Boswell.	William Johnson Temple	1739
date of birth	John Lorenzo Young (30 May 1826, London - 26 July 1881, at sea) was an English-Australian educationalist and founder of the Adelaide Educational Institution.	John Lorenzo Young	30 May 1826
date of birth	Artur Maxhuni (born 27 October 1972) is a retired Albanian footballer who played in 2.	Artur Maxhuni	27 October 1972
date of birth	Daniel Eisenstein (born 1970) is an American cosmologist and academic.	Daniel Eisenstein	1970
date of birth	Vesna Pisarović (born 9 April 1978) is a Croatian pop and jazz singer.	Vesna Pisarović	9 April 1978
date of birth	Rudi Cossey (born 2 August 1961) is a Belgian soccer coach.	Rudi Cossey	2 August 1961
date of birth	Olle Sandahl, born 1950, is a Swedish Christian democratic politician, member of the Riksdag 2002--2006.	Olle Sandahl	1950
date of birth	Vicente del Bosque González, 1st Marquis of Del Bosque (Spanish pronunciation: (biˈθente ðel ˈβoske ɣonˈθaleθ); born 23 December 1950) is a retired Spanish footballer who is currently the manager of the Spanish national football team.	Vicente del Bosque	23 December 1950
date of birth	Richard Duppa (1770--1831) was an English writer and a draughtsman.	Richard Duppa	1770
date of birth	Theodore Brameld (20 January 1904 -- 1987) was a leading philosopher and educator who supported the educational philosophy of social reconstructionism.	Theodore Brameld	20 January 1904
date of birth	Guanyu Zhou, also known as Zhou Guan Yu (born 30 May 1999) is a Chinese racing driver, who competes in the Italian F4 Championship and ADAC Formula 4 Championships for Prema Powerteam.	Guanyu Zhou	30 May 1999
date of birth	Adele Brandeis (1885--1975) was an art administrator from Louisville, Kentucky.	Adele Brandeis	1885
date of birth	Dr. Muhammad Ali Naqvi was born in year 1952 in the Illaqa Nawab Sahib in suburbs of Lahore, Pakistan.	Muhammad Ali Naqvi	1952
date of birth	Saidye Rosner Bronfman (1897--1995), was the matriarch of the wealthy Bronfman family.	Saidye Rosner Bronfman	1897
date of birth	Sarfraz Manzoor (born 9 June 1971) is a British journalist, documentary maker, and broadcaster.	Sarfraz Manzoor	9 June 1971
date of birth	Swami Sukhabodhananda was born in Kannada speaking family on 25 April 1955 in Bangalore, Karnataka.	Sukhabodhananda	25 April 1955
date of birth	Byron Kim (born in 1961 in La Jolla, California) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Brooklyn, New York.	Byron Kim	1961
date of birth	Ernst Haberbier (5 October 1813 - 12 March 1869) was a German composer, pianist and music teacher.	Ernst Haberbier	5 October 1813
date of birth	Deng Kai (Chinese: 邓凯; pinyin: Dèng Kǎi; born December 1959) is a Chinese politician currently serving as Deputy Party Secretary of Henan province.	Deng Kai	December 1959
date of birth	Robert Stieglitz (born Sergey Shtikhlits; 20 June 1981) is a German professional boxer and two-time former WBO super middleweight champion.	Robert Stieglitz	20 June 1981
date of birth	Stuart Neil Hartley (born 18 March 1956, Shipley, West Yorkshire, England) is an English first-class cricketer, who appeared for Yorkshire County Cricket Club and Orange Free State in a ten-year career which began in 1978.	Neil Hartley	18 March 1956
date of birth	Wang Wantong (Chinese: 王婉桐; pinyin: Wang Wantong, born 16 February 1994) is a Chinese professional racing cyclist.	Wang Wantong	16 February 1994
date of birth	Jane Thynne (born 5 April 1961) is a British novelist, journalist and broadcaster.	Jane Thynne	5 April 1961
date of birth	David Deming (born 1954), an American geologist and geophysicist, is an associate professor of Arts and Sciences at the University of Oklahoma in Norman.	David Deming	1954
date of birth	Billy Gillespie (6 August 1891 -- 2 July 1981) was an Irish football player who played as a striker for Sheffield United over a twenty-year period from 1913 to 1932, scoring over 137 League and Cup goals in 492 games for the South Yorkshire side.	Billy Gillespie	6 August 1891
date of birth	Walter Montgomery Jackson (1863--1923) was the founder of encyclopedia publisher Grolier, Inc., and he was the partner of Horace Everett Hooper in publishing the 10th edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica and in developing its 11th edition.	Walter Montgomery Jackson	1863
date of birth	Peter Vodopivec (born 7 July, 1946) is a Slovenian historian and public intellectual.	Peter Vodopivec	1946
date of birth	Patricia Claxton (born 1929) is an award-winning Canadian translator, primarily of Quebec literature.	Patricia Claxton	1929
date of birth	Judy Croome (born Judy-Ann Heinemann on 16 December 1958 in Zvishavane, Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe)) is a South African novelist, short story writer, and poet.	Judy Croome	16 December 1958
date of birth	Deshabandu Sirisumana Godage (born in May 1936) is a Sri Lankan entrepreneur.	Sirisumana Godage	1936
date of birth	Robert Bero (1941--2007) was an American artist and print maker who won critical acclaim for his detailed depictions of trees and landscapes.	Robert Bero	1941
date of birth	Thomas Gustave Plant (1859--1941) was a French-Canadian immigrant who made his fortune manufacturing shoes under the Queen Quality Shoes label.	Thomas Gustave Plant	1859
date of birth	Tajiv Singh Masson (born 27 February 1985), known as Tosh Masson, is a rugby union player who played for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership, playing primarily as a centre.	Tosh Masson	27 February 1985
date of birth	Giulia Boschi (born 17 December 1962) is an Italian film and television actress.	Giulia Boschi	17 December 1962
date of birth	Mark Rowsom (born in 1959 in Comber, Ontario) is a former Canadian pairs figure skater with partner Cynthia Coull.	Mark Rowsom	1959
date of birth	Dr. Frank Parkin (26 May 1931 -- 14 September 2011) was a British sociologist and novelist.	Frank Parkin	26 May 1931
date of birth	Hend Sabry (Arabic: هند صبري‎) (born 20 November 1979) is a Tunisian actress.	Hend Sabry	20 November 1979
date of birth	Gilbert Tennent (5 February 1703 -- 23 July 1764) was a pietistic Protestant evangelist in colonial America.	Gilbert Tennent	5 February 1703
date of birth	Srimath Swami Kirtidananda was born as Srikantayya in an orthodox family at Bangalore on 25 June 1925.	Swami Kirtidananda	1925
date of birth	Tobias Churton (born 1960) is a British scholar of Rosicrucianism, Freemasonry, Gnosticism and other esoteric movements.	Tobias Churton	1960
date of birth	Claudio Cipolla (Goito, 11 February 1955) is an Italian priest, ordained in the Diocese of Mantua on 24 May 1980, who is the Bishop of Padua.	Claudio Cipolla	11 February 1955
date of birth	Dr. Franz Kalckhoff (30 November 1860 -- 13 February 1955) was a German philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1934.	Franz Kalckhoff	30 November 1860
date of birth	Kendra Slawinski, OBE (née Lowe) (born 11 November 1962) is a former netball player for England.	Kendra Slawinski	11 November 1962
date of birth	Thomas Collier Platt Jr. (born May 29, 1925) is a senior United States federal judge in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.	Thomas Collier Platt Jr.	1925
date of birth	Graham Canty (born 23 July 1980) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-back for the Cork senior team.	Graham Canty	23 July 1980
date of birth	Karen Knowles (born 4 March 1964) is an Australian singer and entertainer.	Karen Knowles	4 March 1964
date of birth	Harry Tincknell (born 29 October 1991 in Exeter, Devon) is a British racing driver who switched from a successful single-seater career to sportscars in 2014.	Harry Tincknell	29 October 1991
date of birth	Karl Menzies (born 17 June 1977) is a professional road bicycle racer riding for UCI Professional Continental team UnitedHealthcare.	Karl Menzies	17 June 1977
date of birth	Mirjam Tuokkola (born 7 February 1997) is a Finnish archer, who participated in the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics.	Mirjam Tuokkola	7 February 1997
date of birth	Najwa Nimri Urrutikoetxea (born 14 February 1972) is a Spanish actress and singer of Jordanian descent.	Najwa Nimri	14 February 1972
date of birth	Rebecca Anderson (born May 1991) is an American beauty pageant titleholder from Oregon City, Oregon.	Rebecca Anderson	May 1991
date of birth	Ying Yong (Chinese: 应勇; pinyin: Yīng Yǒng; born November 1957) is a Chinese politician.	Ying Yong	November 1957
date of birth	Wei Ziya (Chinese: 魏子雅; pinyin: Wèi Zǐyǎ; usually referred to in the media as Ziya Wei; born October 1984) is a Chinese beauty contestant and winner of Miss China Universe 2007.	Wei Ziya	1984
date of birth	Indrani Haldar (born 6 January 1971) is an Indian actress who has mostly worked in Bengali films.	Indrani Haldar	6 January 1971
date of birth	George Douglas, 4th Lord Mordington, died 10 June 1741 at Covent Garden, London, was the son and heir of James Douglas, 3rd Lord Mordington by his wife Anne, daughter of Alexander Seton, 1st Viscount of Kingston.	George Douglas, 4th Lord Mordington	10 June 1741
date of birth	Deena Ram (born 1964 in Rajasthan state) is a former Indian track and field athlete who specialised in the 3000 meters steeplechase.	Deena Ram	1964
date of birth	Jiang Dingzhi (Chinese: 蒋定之; born September 1954) is a Chinese politician from Jiangsu province.	Jiang Dingzhi	September 1954
date of birth	Daryl Gregory (born 1965) is an American science fiction and comic book author.	Daryl Gregory	1965
date of birth	Delroy Pearson (born 11 April 1970, Islington, London) is an English singer and a member of the pop group Five Star.	Delroy Pearson	11 April 1970
date of birth	Evan Hause (born 1967) is an American composer, percussionist and conductor.	Evan Hause	1967
date of birth	Mohammad Din was born on October 9, 1936 in Jalandhar, India later moving to Faisalabad, Pakistan in 1947 where he began his wrestling career.	Mohammad Din	1936
date of birth	George Embiricos (1920 - 2011) was a Greek shipping magnate, who also owned several masterpieces by El Greco, Goya, Cézanne, Kandinsky, Picasso, van Gogh and Bacon, in his home in Lausanne, Switzerland.	George Embiricos	1920
date of birth	Debbie Kooij (born 27 December 1968) is a former Dutch cricketer whose international career for the Dutch national side spanned from 1999 to 2003.	Debbie Kooij	27 December 1968
date of birth	Shri M. M. Rajendran (born 12 April 1935 in Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh), was top of his 1957 IAS batch and later became Chief Secretary of Tamil Nadu and Governor of Odisha from 15 November 1999 to 17 November 2004.	M. M. Rajendran	12 April 1935
date of birth	James Clement (born 4 September 1976) is a former professional Australian rules footballer for Collingwood and Fremantle in the Australian Football League (AFL).	James Clement	4 September 1976
date of birth	Albert Crusat Domènech (born 13 May 1982) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a left winger, from where he often relied on his dribbling ability and incredible pace.	Albert Crusat	13 May 1982
date of birth	Dr. Hiren Gohain (born 1939) is a Marxist literary critic, poet and social scientist from the Indian state of Assam.	Hiren Gohain	1939
date of birth	Jayce Lewis (born 29 September 1984) is a Welsh solo artist from Bridgend, South Wales.	Jayce Lewis	29 September 1984
date of birth	Abdul Qader Qahtan (born 13 December 1952) is a Yemeni jurist, security officer and politician, who has been serving as interior minister since December 2011.	Abdul Qader Qahtan	13 December 1952
date of birth	Fuad Kavur (born 1950 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a British opera and film director and producer.	Fuad Kavur	1950
date of birth	Simon Warner (born 1967) is an English musician and songwriter, known mainly for his 1997 orchestral pop album Waiting Rooms.	Simon Warner	1967
date of birth	William C. Alexander (1848--1937) was an author of over ten works, over sixty-five year employee of The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States, and a founder of Pi Kappa Alpha.	William C. Alexander	1848
date of birth	Andrew Pleavin (born 13 April 1968) is an English actor known for his appearances in the TV film Attila, Unstoppable, Batman Begins, Attack of the Gryphon, Return to House on Haunted Hill and his roles in the British police dramas Messiah III: the Promise and The Bill.	Andrew Pleavin	13 April 1968
date of birth	Lovraj Kumar (1926 - 1994) was an Indian civil servant who had a role in forming Indian economic policies from the late 1950s until the early 1980s.	Lovraj Kumar	1926
date of birth	Peter Boyne (born 24 May 1944) is a former Australian Rules Footballer who played for the Collingwood in the VFL.	Peter Boyne	24 May 1944
date of birth	Bernie Clifton (born 30 April 1936 as Bernard Quinn in St Helens, England) is a British comedian and entertainer.	Bernie Clifton	1936
date of birth	Givi Alkhazishvili (Georgian: გივი ალხაზიშვილი), born 26 May 1944 in Georgia, is an author, poet, essayist, and translator.	Givi Alkhazishvili	26 May 1944
date of birth	Txabi Etxebarrieta (14 October 1944 -- 7 June 1968), also known as Xabier Etxebarrieta Ortiz was a Basque nationalist and anti-fascist who was a popular leader of the armed separatist organisation Euskadi ta Askatasuna (ETA).	Txabi Etxebarrieta	14 October 1944
date of birth	Robert Walter Campbell Shelford (3 August 1872 -- 22 June 1912), was a British entomologist and museum administrator and naturalist, with a special interest in entomology and insect mimicry; he specialised in cockroaches and also did some significant work on stick insects.	Robert Walter Campbell Shelford	3 August 1872
date of birth	Gabe Hudson (born 1971) is an American writer who currently lives in Seoul, Korea, where he is Chair of the Creative Writing Program at Yonsei University's Underwood International College.	Gabe Hudson	1971
date of birth	Slaviša Jokanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Славиша Јокановић; born 16 August 1968) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played from the late 1980s to early 2000s, and the current manager of English club Fulham.	Slaviša Jokanović	16 August 1968
date of birth	Gabriel Sakellaridis (Greek: Γαβριήλ Σακελλαρίδης; born 20 August 1980) is a Greek economist and politician of Syriza.	Gabriel Sakellaridis	20 August 1980
date of birth	Robert Frangeš-Mihanović (2 October 1872 -- 12 January 1940) was an Austro-Hungarian and Yugoslav sculptor.	Robert Frangeš-Mihanović	2 October 1872
date of birth	Ljubomir Vorkapić (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубoмиp Bopкaпић ;born 19 February 1967) is a former Serbian football player.	Ljubomir Vorkapić	19 February 1967
date of birth	Johnny Young (born Johnny Benjamin de Jong, 12 March 1947) is a Dutch Australian singer, composer, record producer, disc jockey, television producer and host.	Johnny Young	12 March 1947
date of birth	Jacopo Baccarini (c. 1605--1682) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period born in Reggio, where he lived and painted.	Jacopo Baccarini	1605
date of birth	Tan Sri Dr. Koh Tsu Koon (born 26 August 1949; simplified Chinese: 许子根; traditional Chinese: 許子根; pinyin: Hsǔ Zǐ Gēn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Khó Chú-kun) is a Malaysian politician.	Koh Tsu Koon	26 August 1949
date of birth	Charles L. Shearer (born November 1942) served as the 24th president of Transylvania University in Lexington, Kentucky ending his long tenure during the summer of 2010.	Charles L. Shearer	November 1942
date of birth	Phil Kosin (born August, 1950, died August 10, 2009) was an American journalist, columnist, radio host, commentator, blogger and newspaper publisher from Chicago.	Phil Kosin	August, 1950
date of birth	Martha Christina Tiahahu (4 January 1800 -- 2 January 1818) was a Moluccan freedom fighter and National Heroine of Indonesia.	Martha Christina Tiahahu	4 January 1800
date of birth	James Milton Hayes (1884--1940), known as J. Milton Hayes, was an English actor and poet, best known for his 1911 dramatic monologue The Green Eye of the Little Yellow God, much parodied by his contemporary Stanley Holloway and later by The Goon Show.	J. Milton Hayes	1884
date of birth	Davy Klaassen (born 21 February 1993) is a Dutch footballer who captains Dutch side Ajax.	Davy Klaassen	21 February 1993
date of birth	Marcin Mrożek (born 26 February 1990) is a Polish cyclist riding for CCC--	Marcin Mrożek	26 February 1990
date of birth	Walter Benn Michaels (born 1948) is an American literary theorist, known as the author of Our America:	Walter Benn Michaels	1948
date of birth	Guy Butters (born 30 October 1969 in Hillingdon) is a former football manager and professional footballer, currently assistant manager with Conference South side Eastleigh after leaving his role as manager at Winchester City.	Guy Butters	30 October 1969
date of birth	Ann Bell (born 29 April 1940) is a British actress, best known for playing war internee Marion Jefferson throughout the whole run of the BBC Second World War drama series Tenko (1981--84).	Ann Bell	29 April 1940
date of birth	Arthur Desmond (c. 1859 -- 26 January 1929), also Arthur Uing, Ragnar Redbeard (speculated), Richard Thurland, Desmond Dilg and Gavin Gowrie, was a British-born politician, anarchist, poet and author.	Arthur Desmond	1859
date of birth	Claudia Fischer (born 24 May 1981 as Claudia Toth) was the Austrian national women's curling team skip from 2004-2007.	Claudia Fischer	24 May 1981
date of birth	Arthur Louis Breslich (1873 -- June 17, 1924) was a professor, university administrator, and a German Methodist theologian.	Arthur Louis Breslich	1873
date of birth	Tanya Hyde (born 7 September 1977) is the stage name British pornographic film director and former pornographic actress.	Tanya Hyde	7 September 1977
date of birth	Steve Baer (born 1938) is an American inventor and solar and residential designer.	Steve Baer	1938
date of birth	Clare Pollard (born 1978, England) is a poet and playwright.	Clare Pollard	1978
date of birth	Sir Francis Gerard, 2nd Baronet (12 October 1617 -- December 1680) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1641 and 1660.	Sir Francis Gerard, 2nd Baronet	12 October 1617
date of birth	Shlomi Dahan (Hebrew: שלומי דהאן‎, born 30 September 1979) is a former Israeli footballer who now works as a manager.	Shlomi Dahan	30 September 1979
date of birth	Stephen Mulhall (born 1962) is a philosopher and Fellow of New College, Oxford.	Stephen Mulhall	1962
date of birth	Giovanni Battista Re (born 30 January 1934) is an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church whose service has been primarily in the Roman Curia.	Giovanni Battista Re	30 January 1934
date of birth	Efe Echanomi (born 27 September 1986) is a football striker who plays for Waltham Forest.	Efe Echanomi	27 September 1986
date of birth	Ric Burns (born 1955) is an American documentary filmmaker and writer.	Ric Burns	1955
date of birth	Adolphus Washington (born c. 1994) is an American football defensive lineman for the Ohio State Buckeyes.	Adolphus Washington	1994
date of birth	Tom Atkinson (1930--1990) was an English cricketer born in Millom, Cumbria, died on 2 September 1990 in Glasgow Scotland.	Tom Atkinson	1930
date of birth	Åshild Ulstrup (born 29 April 1934) is a Norwegian journalist and radio personality.	Åshild Ulstrup	1934
date of birth	Jim Thijs (born 13 June 1980 in Leuven) is a Belgian pro triathlete.	Jim Thijs	13 June 1980
date of birth	Olavi Saarinen (18 October 1923, Dragsfjärd - 30 November 1979) was a Finnish trade union activist and politician.	Olavi Saarinen	18 October 1923
date of birth	Kallistos Ware (born Timothy Ware on 11 September 1934) is an English bishop within the Eastern Orthodox Church under the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople and one of the best-known contemporary Eastern Orthodox theologians.	Kallistos Ware	11 September 1934
date of birth	Natalya Yevdokimova (Russian: Наталья Евдокимова, born 17 March 1978) is a Russian middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Natalya Yevdokimova	17 March 1978
date of birth	Deirdre English (born in 1948) is the former editor of Mother Jones and author of numerous articles for national publications and television documentaries.	Deirdre English	1948
date of birth	Solomon Mack (15 September 1732 -- 23 August 1820) was a resident of eighteenth-century New England and a veteran of the French and Indian War and the American Revolutionary War.	Solomon Mack	1732
date of birth	Emeric Pressburger (5 December 1902 -- 5 February 1988) was a Hungarian British screenwriter, film director, and producer.	Emeric Pressburger	5 December 1902
date of birth	Tiny Vipers (born 1983) is the stage name of Jesy Fortino, an American acoustic musician from Seattle, Washington.	Tiny Vipers	1983
date of birth	Chan Kin-man (Chinese: 陳健民, born 1959 in Hong Kong) is an associate professor of the Chinese University of Hong Kong.	Chan Kin-man	1959
date of birth	Günther Smend (29 November 1912 -- 8 September 1944) was a German officer and a member of the resistance involved in the July 20 Plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler.	Günther Smend	29 November 1912
date of birth	Richard Valentine Pitchford (24 November 1895 -- 13 November 1973) was a master magician under the name Cardini, whose career spanned almost half a century.	Richard Valentine Pitchford	24 November 1895
date of birth	Gerhard Bechly (born 1898) was a Lieutenant Colonel in the Wehrmacht (German Army) that helped to establish the League of German Officers in September 1943 as a part of the German resistance to Nazism movement.	Gerhard Bechly	1898
date of birth	Peter Box (born 22 March 1932) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1950s.	Peter Box	22 March 1932
date of birth	Abner Pastoll (born 12 February 1982) is a British film director, screenwriter, and editor, born in South Africa, where his family used to own a two-screen cinema.	Abner Pastoll	12 February 1982
date of birth	Gene Pritsker (born 1971) is a Russian-born composer, guitarist, rapper and record producer living in New York City.	Gene Pritsker	1971
date of birth	Pinhas Tzabari (Hebrew: פנחס צברי‎, born 27 December 1956) is an Israeli politician who served briefly as a member of the Knesset for Shas for three months between November 2002 and February 2003.	Pinhas Tzabari	27 December 1956
date of birth	Born in Libya in 1945, Ali Omar Ermes travelled to England to further his education; he earned his diploma in design at the Plymouth School of art and design in 1970 and later attended the Central School of Art in London for a short period.	Ali Omar Ermes	1945
date of birth	Rebecca Rippy (born 1977) is an American singer/songwriter, most notably in the roots country and Americana genres.	Rebecca Rippy	1977
date of birth	Mohamed Ould Maaouya (born 25 August 1953) is a Mauritanian political figure, currently serving as Minister of the Interior and Decentralization.	Mohamed Ould Maaouya	25 August 1953
date of birth	Christoph Herle (born 19 November 1955 in Königstein im Taunus, Hessen) is a retired West German long-distance runner who specialized in the 10000 metres and cross-country running.	Christoph Herle	19 November 1955
date of birth	Ottón Solís Fallas (born 31 May 1954 near Pérez Zeledón) is a Costa Rican politician.	Ottón Solís	31 May 1954
date of birth	Henrik Rydström (born 16 February 1976) is a Swedish former professional footballer, who played for, since 1993, and captained, Kalmar FF. He is currently the sixth longest serving player in the world when it comes to playing for the same club.	Henrik Rydström	16 February 1976
date of birth	David Solway (born 8 December 1941) is a Canadian poet, educational theorist, travel writer and literary critic of Jewish descent.	David Solway	8 December 1941
date of birth	András Tibor Horváth (born 22 March 1964) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly from the Hungarian Socialist Party's Fejér County Regional List from 2010 to 2014.	András Tibor Horváth	22 March 1964
date of birth	Gabriel Bracho was a Venezuelan artist born in Los Puertos de Altagracia, Zulia on 25 May 1915.	Gabriel Bracho	25 May 1915
date of birth	Lambert Tree (November 29, 1832 -- October 9, 1910) was a United States state court judge, ambassador, and patron of the arts.	Lambert Tree	1832
date of birth	Sir Ambrose Macdonald Poynter (26 September 1867 -- 31 May 1923) was a British calligrapher, artist and architect.	Ambrose Macdonald Poynter	26 September 1867
director	The Two Faces of Fear ( Spanish: Coartada en disco rojo, Italian: I due volti della paura) is a 1972 Spanish-Italian giallo film directed by Tulio Demicheli.	The Two Faces of Fear	Tulio Demicheli
director	Bagula Bhagat is a 1979 Bollywood action film thriller directed by Harmesh Malhotra.	Bagula Bhagat	Harmesh Malhotra
director	Way Up Thar is a 1935 American short western comedy musical film directed by Mack Sennett.	Way Up Thar	Mack Sennett
director	Join the Marines is a 1937 American action film directed by Ralph Staub and written by Joseph Krumgold and Olive Cooper.	Join the Marines	Ralph Staub
director	A Clever Dummy is a 1917 American short film directed by Ferris Hartman, Robert P. Kerr, Herman C. Raymaker, and Mack Sennett.	A Clever Dummy	Robert P. Kerr	Herman C. Raymaker	Mack Sennett
director	Too Many Parents is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan and written by Virginia Van Upp and Doris Malloy.	Too Many Parents	Robert F. McGowan
director	Chal Pichchur Banate Hain is a Hindi family comic drama film, the debut film of writer and director Pritish Chakraborty.	Chal Pichchur Banate Hain	Pritish Chakraborty
director	Amor non ho... però... però (``I did not love... but... but'') is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.	Amor non ho... però... però	Giorgio Bianchi
director	Purple Sunset (Chinese: 紫日; pinyin: Zĭrì) is a 2001 Chinese film written and directed by Feng Xiaoning.	Purple Sunset	Feng Xiaoning
director	A Girl Named Sooner is a 1975 drama television film directed by Delbert Mann and based upon Suzanne Clauser's novel of the same name.	A Girl Named Sooner	Delbert Mann
director	The Boys from Fengkuei (also known as All the Youthful Days) (Chinese: 風櫃來的人; pinyin: Fēngguì lái de rén) is a 1983 film directed by Hou Hsiao-Hsien.	The Boys from Fengkuei	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
director	Prairie Law is a 1940 American western film directed by David Howard from a screenplay by Doris Schroeder and Arthur V. Jones, based on a story by Bernard McConville.	Prairie Law	David Howard
director	Ordinary People is a 1980 American drama film that marked the directorial debut of actor Robert Redford.	Ordinary People	Robert Redford
director	Max Hell Frog Warrior is a 1996 martial arts sci fi cult film written, produced, and directed by Donald G. Jackson and Scott Shaw.	Max Hell Frog Warrior	Donald G. Jackson	Scott Shaw
director	The False Dimitri (German:Der falsche Dimitri) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Hans Steinhoff and starring Alfred Abel, Agnes Straub and Eugen Klöpfer.	The False Dimitri	Hans Steinhoff
director	The Eternal Waltz (German: Ewiger Walzer) is a 1954 West German film dramatizing the life of Johann Strauss II. The initial story was written by Hanns Marschall and Ruth Charlotte Silbermann, and the film itself was written by Alexander Lix; the adaptation was by Paul Verhoeven who also directed the film.	The Eternal Waltz	Paul Verhoeven
director	Loving Glances (Sjaj u očima) is a 2003 Serbian language romantic comedy directed by Srđan Karanović.	Loving Glances	Srđan Karanović
director	Thimiru (English: Audacity) is a 2006 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by debutant Tarun Gopi.	Thimiru	Tarun Gopi
director	Captain Midnight, the Bush King (US: The Bushranger's Bride) was a 1911 Australian silent drama film about the fictitious bushranger Captain Midnight which was the directorial debut of actor Alfred Rolfe.	Captain Midnight, the Bush King	Alfred Rolfe
director	When the Love Is Gone is a 2013 Filipino romantic drama film directed by Andoy Ranay, starring Cristine Reyes, Gabby Concepcion, Alice Dixson, Andi Eigenmann, and Jake Cuenca.	When the Love Is Gone	Andoy Ranay
director	Secrets of the Orient (German:Geheimnisse des Orients) is a 1928 French-German silent drama film directed by Alexandre Volkoff and starring Nicolas Koline, Iván Petrovich and Dimitri Dimitriev.	Secrets of the Orient	Alexandre Volkoff
director	Prema Pichollu (Telugu: ప్రేమ పిచ్చోళ్లూ, English: Mad Lovers) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy.	Prema Pichollu	A. Kodandarami Reddy
director	Give the Devil His Due (Czech: S čerty nejsou žerty) is a 1985 Czechoslovak fairytale film directed by Hynek Bočan.	Give the Devil His Due	Hynek Bočan
director	Virtually a Virgin (Hungarian: Majdnem szüz) is a 2008 Hungarian drama film written and directed by Péter Bacsó.	Virtually a Virgin	Péter Bacsó
director	Jonathan Demme directed ``The Perfect Kiss'' video, which is unlike any other New Order clip.	The Perfect Kiss	Jonathan Demme
director	Allari Pidugu (Telugu: అల్లరి పిడుగు) is a 2005 Telugu, Action film produced by M. R. V. Prasad on P. B. R. Art Productions banner, directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee.	Allari Pidugu	Jayanth C. Paranjee
director	Le Majordome is a 1965 French and Italian comedy film directed by Jean Delannoy.	Le Majordome	Jean Delannoy
director	Katzenberg recalled Antz came from a 1991 story pitch by Tim Johnson that was related to Katzenberg in October 1994.	Antz	Tim Johnson
director	Paper Boats (Spanish: Barcos de papel) is a 1963 Argentine and Spanish drama film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and starring Pablo Calvo.	Paper Boats	Román Viñoly Barreto
director	Capek's Tales (Czech: Čapkovy povídky) is a 1947 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič.	Capek's Tales	Martin Frič
director	The Angry River (Chinese title: 鬼怒川) is a 1970 Hong Kong fantasy action film directed by Huang Feng.	The Angry River	Huang Feng
director	The Headless Ghost is an 1959 British comedy horror film directed by Peter Graham Scott.	The Headless Ghost	Peter Graham Scott
director	Blackboard Jungle is a 1955 social commentary film about teachers in an inter-racial inner-city school, based on the novel of the same name by Evan Hunter and adapted for the screen and directed by Richard Brooks.	Blackboard Jungle	Richard Brooks
director	Mickey's Revue is a 1932 Walt Disney cartoon, directed by Wilfred Jackson, which features Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Horace Horsecollar and Clarabelle Cow performing a song and dance show.	Mickey's Revue	Wilfred Jackson
director	Moonlight and Pretzels is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical film directed by Karl Freund about a man who puts on a Broadway show.	Moonlight and Pretzels	Karl Freund
director	Ho Mann Jahaan (Urdu: ہو من جہاں‎) is a 2016 Pakistani coming-of-age drama film, written and directed by Asim Raza.	Ho Mann Jahaan	Asim Raza
director	Mrugaraju is a 2001 Tollywood Action film which was directed by Gunasekhar and written by Nagababu based on English film The Ghost and the Darkness.	Mrugaraju	Gunasekhar
director	Ran Salu (In Sinhala: The Yellow Robe) is a 1967 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Lester James Peries.	Ran Salu	Lester James Peries
director	Promise of the Flesh (Hangul: 육체의 약속; RR: Yukche-ui yaksok) is an award-winning 1975 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Promise of the Flesh	Kim Ki-young
director	Oohalu Gusagusalade (Imaginations Whispered) is a 2014 Telugu romantic comedy written and directed by Telugu actor Srinivas Avasarala marking his debut as a director.	Oohalu Gusagusalade	Srinivas Avasarala
director	The Fatal Card is a 1915 American drama silent film directed by James Kirkwood, Sr., adapted from the 1884 London play of the same name by Charles Haddon Chambers and B. C. Stephenson.	The Fatal Card	James Kirkwood
director	Zwei Mütter (English: Two mothers) is a 1957 East German film directed by Frank Beyer after a screenplay by Leonie Ossowski.	Zwei Mütter	Frank Beyer
director	How to Cheat in the Leaving Certificate (1998) is an independent Irish film directed by Graham Jones, in which six teenagers devise a plan to cheat in their Leaving Certificate final school examinations.	How to Cheat in the Leaving Certificate	Graham Jones
director	Cotton Mill, Treadmill (French: On est au coton) is a documentary film directed by Denys Arcand in 1970, about the conditions of workers in the textile industry in Quebec.	Cotton Mill, Treadmill	Denys Arcand
director	Het is een schone dag geweest is a 1993 Dutch documentary film directed by Jos de Putter.	Het is een schone dag geweest	Jos de Putter
director	Akshayapaathram is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Sreekumaran Thampi.	Akshayapaathram	J. Sasikumar
director	Shopping for Fangs is a 1997 film directed by Americans Quentin Lee and Justin Lin.	Shopping for Fangs	Quentin Lee	Justin Lin
director	Song of the Open Road is a 1944 musical comedy film directed by S. Sylvan Simon, from a screenplay by Irving Phillips and Edward Verdier.	Song of the Open Road	S. Sylvan Simon
director	Dooman River (French: La Rivière Tumen; Korean: 두만강; Chinese: 图们江; also known as Tumen River) is a 2010 French-South Korean co-production directed by Korean-Chinese filmmaker Zhang Lu.	Dooman River	Zhang Lu
director	Arya 2 (IPA: ((ɑːrja)-2); Telugu: ఆర్య-2, Ārya-2) is a 2009 Telugu action comedy romance film directed by Sukumar, and is a follow-up to the actor's and the director's previous successful film, Arya.	Arya 2	Sukumar
director	The Stubbornness of Geraldine is a 1915 American silent film directed by Gaston Mervale adapted from a play by Clyde Fitch.	The Stubbornness of Geraldine	Gaston Mervale
director	The Decision of Christopher Blake is a 1948 American drama film directed by Peter Godfrey and written by Ranald MacDougall.	The Decision of Christopher Blake	Peter Godfrey
director	Venky is a Telugu comedy thriller film that released on 26 March 2004 and was directed by Srinu Vaitla.	Venky	Srinu Vaitla
director	Ladoni (Palms) is a 1994 Russian documentary film directed by Artur Aristakisyan.	Ladoni	Artur Aristakisyan
director	This Ain't Glee XXX is a 2010 American pornographic musical comedy film written by Marc Star and directed by Axel Braun.	This Ain't Glee XXX	Axel Braun
director	I'll Tell the World is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick and written by Ralph Spence and Dale Van Every.	I'll Tell the World	Edward Sedgwick
director	Wort und Tat (English: Words and Deeds) is a 10-minute-long Nazi propaganda film directed by Fritz Hippler, among others.	Wort und Tat	Fritz Hippler
director	Blood of Dracula's Castle is a 1969 horror cult B-movie directed by Al Adamson and released by exploitation film specialists Crown International Pictures.	Blood of Dracula's Castle	Al Adamson
director	Sixty Glorious Years is a 1938 British color film directed by Herbert Wilcox.	Sixty Glorious Years	Herbert Wilcox
director	Dasima is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun.	Dasima	Tan Tjoei Hock
director	Labou is an independent film produced by Sheri Bryant and written and directed by Greg Aronowitz released by MGM on May 19, 2009.	Labou	Greg Aronowitz
director	Glorious 39 is a 2009 British war thriller film written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff.	Glorious 39	Stephen Poliakoff
director	The Great Flamarion is a 1945 American film noir directed by Anthony Mann.	The Great Flamarion	Anthony Mann
director	Neither by Day nor by Night (Hebrew: Lo B'Yom V'Lo B'Layla‎) is a 1972 Israeli-American drama film directed by Steven Hilliard Stern.	Neither by Day nor by Night	Steven Hilliard Stern
director	The Thin Pink Line is a 1998 mockumentary directed by Joe Dietl and Michael Irpino.	The Thin Pink Line	Joe Dietl
director	Kattradhu Thamizh (English: Learned Tamil; previously titled Tamil M. A.) is a 2007 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by newcomer Ram and produced by N. Shivaprasad and Salmara Mohammad Sharief.	Kattradhu Thamizh	Ram
director	Humanity Through the Ages (French: La Civilisation à travers les âges), released in the US initially as Humanity Through Ages, is a 1908 historical drama film directed by Georges Méliès.	Humanity Through the Ages	Georges Méliès
director	Al Halfout is a 1985 film and satire written by Wahid Hamids and directed by Samir Seif and Mustafa Gamaleddin.	Al Halfout	Samir Seif
director	Two Mothers (Czech: Dvě matky) is a 1921 Czechoslovak romantic drama film directed by Přemysl Pražský.	Two Mothers	Přemysl Pražský
director	Black Silk (Thai: แพรดำ or Prae dum) is a 1961 Thai crime drama film written and directed by Rattana Pestonji.	Black Silk	Rattana Pestonji
director	The Boys of Paul Street (Hungarian: A Pál-utcai fiúk) is a 1969 American-Hungarian co-production film directed by Zoltán Fábri and based on the youth novel The Paul Street Boys (1906) by the Hungarian writer Ferenc Molnár.	The Boys of Paul Street	Zoltán Fábri
director	Waves '98 is a 2015 short animated film written and directed by Lebanese artist and filmmaker Ely Dagher.	Waves '98	Ely Dagher
director	Lucky Them is a 2013 American comedy-drama film directed by Megan Griffiths.	Lucky Them	Megan Griffiths
director	Hrudaya Haadithu (Kannada: ಹೃದಯ ಹಾಡಿತು) is a 1991 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by M. S. Rajashekar and produced by S. A. Srinivas & B. P. Somu.	Hrudaya Haadithu	M. S. Rajashekar
director	Niespotykanie spokojny człowiek (Pol. Incredibly peaceful man) is a Polish comedy film from 1975 directed by Stanisław Bareja.	Niespotykanie spokojny człowiek	Stanisław Bareja
director	Man of Africa is a 1953 British drama film directed by Cyril Frankel.	Man of Africa	Cyril Frankel
director	Gates of the Night (French: Les Portes de la nuit) is a 1946 French film that was directed by Marcel Carné.	Gates of the Night	Marcel Carné
director	Si Gomar is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies which was written and directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun.	Si Gomar	Tan Tjoei Hock
director	A Modern Casanova (German:Der moderne Casanova) is a 1928 German silent romantic comedy film directed by Max Obal and Rudolf Walther-Fein and starring Harry Liedtke, María Corda and Ernö Verebes.	A Modern Casanova	Max Obal
director	Don't Call Me Little Girl is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Joseph Henabery and written by Catherine Chisholm Cushing and Edith M. Kennedy.	Don't Call Me Little Girl	Joseph Henabery
director	Pop Always Pays is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins using a screenplay by Charles E. Roberts, based on a story by Arthur J. Beckhard.	Pop Always Pays	Leslie Goodwins
director	Danika is a 2006 psychological thriller directed by Israeli Ariel Vromen.	Danika	Ariel Vromen
director	Prajapathi is a Malayalam movie directed by Ranjith.	Prajapathi	Ranjith
director	Midsummer Night's Fire or St. John's Fire (German:Johannisfeuer) is a 1939 German drama film directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt and starring Anna Dammann, Ernst von Klipstein and Gertrud Meyen.	Midsummer Night's Fire	Arthur Maria Rabenalt
director	Coal Black and de Sebben Dwarfs (working title: So White and de Sebben Dwarfs) is a Merrie Melodies animated cartoon directed by Bob Clampett, produced by Leon Schlesinger Productions, and released to theatres on January 16, 1943 by Warner Bros. and The Vitaphone Corporation.	Coal Black and de Sebben Dwarfs	Bob Clampett
director	Adieu Bonaparte (Arabic: وداعا بونابرت‎, translit. Weda'an Bonapart) is a 1985 French-Egyptian historical drama film directed by Youssef Chahine.	Adieu Bonaparte	Youssef Chahine
director	Mother Pluto is a Silly Symphonies cartoon released on November 14, 1936, directed by David Hand.	Mother Pluto	David Hand
director	Juvenile Liaison 1 (1975) and Juvenile Liaison 2 (1990) are documentary films by Nick Broomfield about a juvenile liaison project in Blackburn, Lancashire.	Juvenile Liaison	Nick Broomfield
director	Our Mother's House is a 1967 British drama film, directed by Jack Clayton.	Our Mother's House	Jack Clayton
director	36 Hours to Kill is a 1936 American drama film directed by Eugene Forde and written by Lou Breslow and John Patrick.	36 Hours to Kill	Eugene Forde
director	Hraběnka z Podskalí is a 1926 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Karel Lamač.	Hraběnka z Podskalí	Karel Lamač
director	Return to the Land of Wonders is a documentary film made almost single-handedly by Maysoon Pachachi in 2003--04.	Return to the Land of Wonders	Maysoon Pachachi
director	Alaap is a 1977 Indian film produced by Hrishikesh Mukerjee and N.C Sippy and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.	Alaap	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
director	Ondagona Baa (Kannada: ಒಂದಾಗೋಣ ಬಾ) is a 2003 Indian Kannada language romance-drama musical film directed by K. R. Udhayashankar and produced by Rockline Venkatesh.	Ondagona Baa	K. R. Udhayashankar
director	The Strength and Agility of Insects is a 1911 British short silent documentary film, directed by F. Percy Smith, featuring close-ups of a houseflies and other insects secured and juggling various objects with its feet.	The Strength and Agility of Insects	F. Percy Smith
director	Here Is Always Somewhere Else is a 2007 documentary film directed by Rene Daalder and co-produced and edited by Aaron Ohlmann.	Here Is Always Somewhere Else	Rene Daalder
director	*Corpus Callosum is a 2002 experimental Canadian film directed by Michael Snow.	*Corpus Callosum	Michael Snow
director	White as Milk, Red as Blood (Italian: Bianca come il latte, rossa come il sangue, also known as As White as Milk, as Red as Blood) is a 2013 Italian romantic comedy-drama film directed by Giacomo Campiotti.	White as Milk, Red as Blood	Giacomo Campiotti
director	One Brief Summer is a 1970 British drama film directed by John Mackenzie.	One Brief Summer	John Mackenzie
director	Carrément à l'Ouest is a 2001 French comedy drama directed and written by Jacques Doillon.	Carrément à l'Ouest	Jacques Doillon
director	Black Journal (originally titled Gran Bollito) is a 1977 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini.	Black Journal	Mauro Bolognini
director	The Ghost in the Garret is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by F. Richard Jones and written by Fred Chaston and Wells Hastings.	The Ghost in the Garret	F. Richard Jones
director	Temptation Harbour is a British black and white crime/drama film directed by Lance Comfort, released in 1947 based on the novel Newhaven-Dieppe by Georges Simenon.	Temptation Harbour	Lance Comfort
director	The Shielding Shadow is a 1916 American action film serial directed by Louis J. Gasnier and Donald MacKenzie.	The Shielding Shadow	Louis J. Gasnier
director	Last Summer in the Hamptons is a 1995 ensemble comedy-drama film directed by Henry Jaglom and released by Rainbow Releasing and Live Entertainment.	Last Summer in the Hamptons	Henry Jaglom
director	Three Cheers for the Irish is a 1940 comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Richard Macaulay and Jerry Wald.	Three Cheers for the Irish	Lloyd Bacon
director	Inkubus is a horror film produced by the Woodhaven Production Company, written by Carl Dupré, and directed by Glenn Ciano.	Inkubus	Glenn Ciano
director	The Soul's Place (Italian: Il posto dell'anima, also known as The Soul's Haven) is a 2003 Italian romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Riccardo Milani.	The Soul's Place	Riccardo Milani
director	Inshallah, Football is a documentary film by Ashvin Kumar about an aspiring footballer who was denied the right to travel abroad on the pretext that father was a militant in the 1990s.	Inshallah, Football	Ashvin Kumar
director	Kamara's Tree is a 2013 Nigerian comedy drama film, directed by Desmond Elliot, and starring Desmond Elliot, Lydia Forson, Ivie Okujaye, Tessy Abubakar, Bobby Obodo, Ginnefine Kanu, Morris K Sesay and Dabota Lawson.	Kamara's Tree	Desmond Elliot
director	Man from Rainbow Valley is a 1946 American Western film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by Betty Burbridge.	Man from Rainbow Valley	R. G. Springsteen
director	Excuse My Glove is a 1936 British, black-and-white comedy, sports film directed by Redd Davis starring Ronald Shiner as Perky Pat, Bobbie Comber as Bivex, and Pancho Villa as himself.	Excuse My Glove	Redd Davis
director	Mark Strikes Again (Italian: Mark colpisce ancora, also known as The .44 Specialist) is an Italian poliziottesco film directed in 1976 by Stelvio Massi.	Mark Strikes Again	Stelvio Massi
director	The Broken Pots (Turkish: Kırık Çanaklar) is a 1960 Turkish drama film directed by Memduh Ün.	The Broken Pots	Memduh Ün
director	The Nazis Strike was the second film of Frank Capra's Why We Fight propaganda film series.	The Nazis Strike	Frank Capra
director	Les Jeux de société is a 1989 film by Éric Rohmer, starring Alexandra Stewart.	Les Jeux de société	Éric Rohmer
director	PoliWood is a 2009 documentary film directed by Barry Levinson and produced by Tim Daly, Robin Bronk and Robert E. Baruc.	PoliWood	Barry Levinson
director	Life's Greatest Problem is a 1918 American silent war drama film directed and produced by J. Stuart Blackton.	Life's Greatest Problem	J. Stuart Blackton
director	Great Mail Robbery is a 1927 American silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz.	Great Mail Robbery	George B. Seitz
director	Incident in New Baghdad is a 2011 short documentary film about the July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike, directed by James Spione.	Incident in New Baghdad	James Spione
director	40 Pounds of Trouble is a 1962 film directed by Norman Jewison that marks his directorial debut.	40 Pounds of Trouble	Norman Jewison
director	My Sassy Girl (Korean: 엽기적인 그녀; literally, That Bizarre Girl) is a 2001 South Korean romantic comedy film directed by Kwak Jae-yong.	My Sassy Girl	Kwak Jae-yong
director	You, Me and Him (Portuguese: Café com Leite; tr. Coffee with Milk) is a 2007 Brazilian short film written and directed by Brazilian director Daniel Ribeiro.	You, Me and Him	Daniel Ribeiro
director	The End of the War (Serbian: Kraj rata, Крај рата) is a 1984 Yugoslav war film directed by Dragan Kresoja.	The End of the War	Dragan Kresoja
director	Business Versus Love is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Tom Ricketts and written by Sydney Ayres.	Business Versus Love	Tom Ricketts
director	The End Is My Beginning (German: Das Ende ist mein Anfang, Italian: La fine è il mio inizio) is a 2010 German-Italian biographical drama film directed by Jo Baier.	The End Is My Beginning	Jo Baier
director	Déficit is a 2007 Mexican feature film, the debut of Gael García Bernal as a director.	Déficit	Gael García Bernal
director	Kavalai Illaadha Manithan (Tamil: கவலை இல்லாத மனிதன்; English: (lit.)the man without worries) is a 1960 Tamil film directed by K. Shankar.	Kavalai Illaadha Manithan	K. Shankar
director	No 73, Shanthi Nivasa is a 2007 Kannada musical-family-drama film directed by Sudeep featuring Sudeep, Anu Prabhakar, Deepa in the lead roles.	No 73, Shanthi Nivasa	Sudeep
director	The Unfinished Conversation is a 2013 multi-layered three-screen installation directed by John Akomfrah, co-founder of the Black Audio Film Collective.	The Unfinished Conversation	John Akomfrah
director	Seven Seas to Calais (Italian: Il dominatore dei sette mari) is a 1962 Italian adventure film by Eastmancolor directed by Rudolph Maté (his final film) and Primo Zeglio.	Seven Seas to Calais	Rudolph Maté	Primo Zeglio
director	Women Who Play is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Arthur Rosson and produced by Walter Morosco and Alexander Korda with a screenplay by Basil Mason and Gilbert Wakefield.	Women Who Play	Arthur Rosson
director	The Return of Swamp Thing is a sci-fi-comedy film released in 1989, and directed by Jim Wynorski.	The Return of Swamp Thing	Jim Wynorski
director	Fighting for Justice is a 1932 American Pre-Code Western film, directed by Otto Brower.	Fighting for Justice	Otto Brower
director	Budget Padmanabham is a 2001 Telugu film and remake of Tamil film Budget Padmanabhan directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy and produced by G. Naraya Rao .	Budget Padmanabham	S. V. Krishna Reddy
director	Isle of Sunken Gold is a 1927 American silent adventure film serial directed by Harry S. Webb.	Isle of Sunken Gold	Harry S. Webb
director	Alambrado (English: Barbed Wire) is an 1991 Argentine and Italian film written and directed by Marco Bechis.	Alambrado	Marco Bechis
director	Thakara (1979) is a Malayalam film directed by Bharathan and written by Padmarajan.	Thakara	Bharathan
director	Henpecked Hoboes is a theatrical cartoon short released on 26 October 1946 directed by Tex Avery.	Henpecked Hoboes	Tex Avery
director	Dhaasippen also spelled as Daasippenn (Tamil: தாசிப்பெண் English: Prostitute Women) is a 1943 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and produced by Bhuvaneswai Pictures.	Dhaasippen	Ellis R. Dungan
director	Wholly Communion is a short documentary film made in 1965 by British filmmaker Peter Whitehead.	Wholly Communion	Peter Whitehead
director	Travelling with Pets (Russian: Путешествие с домашними животными, translit. Puteshestviye s domashnimi zhivotnymi) is a 2007 Russian drama film directed by Vera Storozheva.	Travelling with Pets	Vera Storozheva
director	The Space Children was William Alland's first picture with Paramount.	The Space Children	William Alland
director	Boys' Reformatory is a 1939 American crime film directed by Howard Bretherton and produced by Lindsley Parsons for Monogram Pictures.	Boys' Reformatory	Howard Bretherton
director	Let's Pollute! is an animated short created by Geefwee Boedoe.	Let's Pollute	Geefwee Boedoe
director	Umi no yarodomo (海の野郎ども) is a 1957 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kaneto Shindō.	Umi no yarodomo	Kaneto Shindō
director	The Lure of Crooning Water is a 1920 British silent comedy romance film directed by Arthur Rooke and starring Guy Newall, Ivy Duke and Hugh Buckler.	The Lure of Crooning Water	Arthur Rooke
director	Vijay Vikram (Kannada: ವಿಜಯ್ ವಿಕ್ರಮ್) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film, directed by V. Somashekhar and produced by A R Raju.	Vijay Vikram	V. Somashekhar
director	Streets of Shanghai (1927) is an American silent drama film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and written by Harry Braxton and Jack Natteford.	Streets of Shanghai	Louis J. Gasnier
director	Savage! is a 1973 American blaxploitation film directed by Cirio H. Santiago.	Savage!	Cirio H. Santiago
director	Stacy's Knights is a 1983 American film directed by Jim Wilson.	Stacy's Knights	Jim Wilson
director	The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band is a 1968 musical film from Walt Disney Productions based on a biography by Laura Bower Van Nuys, directed by Michael O'Herlihy, with original music and lyrics by the Sherman Brothers.	The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band	Michael O'Herlihy
director	I Cheated the Law is a 1949 American crime film directed by Edward L. Cahn and written by Richard G. Hubler.	I Cheated the Law	Edward L. Cahn
director	The Kingdom and the Beauty (Chinese: 江山美人; pinyin: Jiang shan mei ren) is a 1959 Hong Kong musical-drama film directed by Li Han-hsiang.	The Kingdom and the Beauty	Li Han-hsiang
director	Music by Prudence is a 2010 short documentary film directed by Roger Ross Williams.	Music by Prudence	Roger Ross Williams
director	The Breaking of Bumbo is a 1970 British comedy film written and directed by Andrew Sinclair, a former Coldstream Guards National service officer that was updated from his 1959 novel of the same name that featured the Suez Crisis.	The Breaking of Bumbo	Andrew Sinclair
director	In the Region of Ice is a 1976 American short film directed by Peter Werner, based upon the short story of the same name by Joyce Carol Oates.	In the Region of Ice	Peter Werner
director	A Woman in Transit (French: La Femme de l'hôtel) is a 1984 Canadian French-language drama film directed by Léa Pool.	A Woman in Transit	Léa Pool
director	Federal Fugitives (aka International Spy) is a 1941 American film noir directed by William Beaudine.	Federal Fugitives	William Beaudine
director	Artistic Creation is a 1901 British short silent comedy film, directed by Walter R. Booth, featuring a lightning sketch artist drawing a picture of a woman which comes to life piece by piece.	Artistic Creation	Walter R. Booth
director	Kunukkitta Kozhi is a 1992 Malayalam movie directed by Viji Thampi, and starring Jagadeesh played the central character with Siddiq, Parvathy, Rupini (actress), Jagathy Sreekumar and Philomina are in major supporting roles.	Kunukkitta Kozhi	Viji Thampi
director	NoBody's Perfect is a 2008 feature documentary produced and directed by Niko von Glasow.	NoBody's Perfect	Niko von Glasow
director	Fallen City (simplified Chinese: 倾城; traditional Chinese: 傾城; pinyin: Qing Cheng) is a 2013 Chinese disaster film directed by Huang Hong (actor) and stars Huang Jue, Ruby Lin and Ding Yongdai.	Fallen City	Huang Hong
director	Women's Sacrifice (German:Frauenopfer) is a 1922 German silent film directed by Karl Grune and starring Henny Porten, William Dieterle and Albert Bassermann.	Women's Sacrifice	Karl Grune
director	A Fall from Grace is an upcoming American mystery/thriller film directed by Jennifer Lynch and starring Vincent D'Onofrio, Forest Whitaker and Tim Roth.	A Fall from Grace	Jennifer Lynch
director	Little Red Wagon is a 2012 docudrama directed by David Anspaugh and written by Patrick Sheane Duncan.	Little Red Wagon	David Anspaugh
director	Homicide for Three is a 1948 American crime film directed by George Blair and written by Bradbury Foote and Albert DeMond.	Homicide for Three	George Blair
director	Rock River Renegades is a 1942 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, one of the films in the Range Busters series.	Rock River Renegades	S. Roy Luby
director	Karune Illada Kanoonu (Kannada: ಕರುಣೆ ಇಲ್ಲದ ಕಾನೂನು) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. L. Swamy (Ravee) and produced by Girija.	Karune Illada Kanoonu	K. S. L. Swamy
director	Suddenly, a Woman! (Danish: Gudrun) is a 1963 Danish drama film directed by Anker Sørensen and starring Laila Andersson.	Suddenly, a Woman!	Anker Sørensen
director	As Men Love is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by E. Mason Hopper and written by Adele Harris and Lois Zellner.	As Men Love	E. Mason Hopper
director	Class Act is a 1992 comedy film, directed by Randall Miller and starring hip-hop duo Kid 'n Play.	Class Act	Randall Miller
director	Tommy Tricker and the Stamp Traveller is a 1988 Canadian film, which was written and directed by Michael Rubbo.	Tommy Tricker and the Stamp Traveller	Michael Rubbo
director	Isusumbong Kita Sa Tatay Ko is a 1999 Filipino action-comedy film directed by Boots Plata starring Fernando Poe Jr. and Judy Ann Santos.	Isusumbong Kita Sa Tatay Ko	Boots Plata
director	Messages from the Sea (Arabic: رسائل البحر‎, translit. Rassayel El Bahr) is a 2010 Egyptian drama film directed by Daoud Abdel Sayed.	Messages from the Sea	Daoud Abdel Sayed
director	Julot the Apache (German: Julot der Apache) is a 1921 German silent film directed by Joseph Delmont and Hertha von Walther and starring Luciano Albertini, Alfred Haase and Linda Albertini.	Julot the Apache	Joseph Delmont
director	Flag Wars and filmmakers Linda Goode Bryant and Laura Poitras won the 2003 CDS Filmmaker Award at the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival, the 2003 SXSW Competition Award at the SXSW Film Festival, and a 2003 Peabody Award.	Flag Wars	Linda Goode Bryant
director	Happy Birthday, Wanda June is a play by Kurt Vonnegut, and a 1971 film adaptation, directed by Mark Robson.	Happy Birthday, Wanda June	Mark Robson
director	Meet Maxwell Archer is a 1940 British mystery film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring John Loder, Leueen MacGrath and Athole Stewart.	Meet Maxwell Archer	John Paddy Carstairs
director	Call for Love is a Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Zhang Jianya.	Call for Love	Zhang Jianya
director	Louvre Come Back to Me! is a 1962 Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Chuck Jones.	Louvre Come Back to Me!	Chuck Jones
director	Still Not Quite Human (also known as Not Quite Human III) is a 1992 television movie written and directed by Eric Luke and starring Jay Underwood and Alan Thicke.	Still Not Quite Human	Eric Luke
director	Mysterious Mr. Parkes (French title: L'Énigmatique Monsieur Parkes) is a 1930 American Pre-Code comedy drama film made by Paramount Pictures, directed by Louis J. Gasnier.	Mysterious Mr. Parkes	Louis J. Gasnier
director	My Life and Times with Antonin Artaud (French: En compagnie d'Antonin Artaud) is a 1993 French film, directed by Gérard Mordillat.	My Life and Times with Antonin Artaud	Gérard Mordillat
director	Dear White People is a 2014 American satirical drama film, written, directed, and co-produced by Justin Simien.	Dear White People	Justin Simien
director	Blue Crush 2 is a 2011 direct-to-video film directed by Mike Elliott.	Blue Crush 2	Mike Elliott
director	Thrimurthy (Kannada: ತ್ರಿಮೂರ್ತಿ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film, directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by S P M Parvathamma and S P Nagamma.	Thrimurthy	C. V. Rajendran
director	They Call It Summer (Italian: E la chiamano estate) is a 2012 Italian romance-drama film directed by Paolo Franchi.	They Call It Summer	Paolo Franchi
director	Quincy Adams Sawyer was a 1922 American silent comedy-drama film directed by Clarence G. Badger.	Quincy Adams Sawyer	Clarence G. Badger
director	Muž z neznáma is a 1939 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič.	Muž z neznáma	Martin Frič
director	Mungerilal Ke Haseen Sapne was a popular Hindi TV comedy serial directed by Prakash Jha that revolved around the life of Mungerilal, played by Raghubir Yadav.	Mungerilal Ke Haseen Sapne	Prakash Jha
director	The Violators is a 1957 American crime film directed by John Newland and written by Ernest Pendrell.	The Violators	John Newland
director	Crazy Mama is a 1975 American action/comedy film directed by Jonathan Demme and produced by Julie Corman.	Crazy Mama	Jonathan Demme
director	La Virgencita de Pompeya is a 1935 Argentine musical film drama directed by Enrique Cadícamo and written by Enrique Pedro Maroni.	La Virgencita de Pompeya	Enrique Cadícamo
director	The Night Has Eyes, released in the United States as Terror House and Moonlight Madness, is a 1942 British thriller film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring James Mason, Wilfrid Lawson and Mary Clare.	The Night Has Eyes	Leslie Arliss
director	Radio Stars on Parade is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by Robert E. Kent and Monte Brice, from Kent's original story.	Radio Stars on Parade	Leslie Goodwins
director	Celestial Wives of the Meadow Mari (Mari: Олык марий пылвомыш вате-влак, Russian: Небесные жёны луговых мари, translit. Nebesnye zheny lugovykh mari) is a 2012 Russian comedy-drama directed by Aleksei Fedorchenko.	Celestial Wives of the Meadow Mari	Aleksei Fedorchenko
director	The Hidden Half (Nimeh-ye Penhan; نيمه پنهان) is a 2001 controversial drama film, written and directed by Iranian feminist Tahmineh Milani.	The Hidden Half	Tahmineh Milani
director	Veetuku Oru Kannagi (Tamil: வீட்டுக்கு ஒரு கண்ணகி) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film, directed and produced by S. A. Chandrasekhar.	Veetuku Oru Kannagi	S. A. Chandrasekhar
director	The Forbidden Team (Danish: Det forbudte landshold) is a 2003 Danish documentary film directed by Rasmus Dinesen and Arnold Krøjgaard.	The Forbidden Team	Rasmus Dinesen
director	First Class Thieves (Croatian: Lopovi prve klase) is a Croatian comedy film directed by Fadil Hadžić.	First Class Thieves	Fadil Hadžić
director	Gumapang Ka Sa Lusak is a 1990 FAMAS award winning and critically acclaimed Filipino drama film directed by Lino Brocka.	Gumapang Ka Sa Lusak	Lino Brocka
director	El médico módico (``The Moderate Doctor'') is a 1971 Mexican comedy film directed by Gilberto Martínez Solares and produced by Miguel Zacarías.	El médico módico	Gilberto Martínez Solares
director	The Life and Death of 9413: a Hollywood Extra is a 1928 American silent experimental short film co-written and co-directed by Robert Florey and Slavko Vorkapić.	The Life and Death of 9413: a Hollywood Extra	Robert Florey
director	Brothers Under the Skin is an American 1922 silent comedy film directed by E. Mason Hopper.	Brothers Under the Skin	E. Mason Hopper
director	Francis in the Haunted House is a 1956 American black-and-white comedy film from Universal-International, produced by Robert Arthur and directed by Charles Lamont.	Francis in the Haunted House	Charles Lamont
director	Apartmentzauber is a 1963 West German film directed by Helmuth M. Backhaus.	Apartmentzauber	Helmuth M. Backhaus
director	Mortel Transfert is a Franco-German thriller, directed by Jean-Jacques Beineix, adapted from the novel of the same name by Jean-Pierre Gattégno.	Mortel Transfert	Jean-Jacques Beineix
director	Kulla Agent 000 (Kannada: ಕುಳ್ಳ ಏಜೆಂಟ್ ೦೦೦) is a 1972 Indian Kannada comedy drama - detective film directed by K. S. L. Swamy and produced and written by Dwaraka Films.	Kulla Agent 000	K. S. L. Swamy
director	Joe Palooka in the Big Fight is a 1949 comedy film directed by Cy Endfield, based on the comic strip by Ham Fisher.	Joe Palooka in the Big Fight	Cy Endfield
director	Ram Aur Shyam (English: Ram And Shyam) is a 1967 Indian Hindi feature film, directed by Tapi Chanakya.	Ram Aur Shyam	Tapi Chanakya
director	Bindaas (Kannada: ಬಿಂದಾಸ್; English: Independent) is a Kannada film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and Produced by M.Chandrashekar.	Bindaas	D. Rajendra Babu
director	Second Hand Wife is a 1933 American drama film written and directed by Hamilton MacFadden.	Second Hand Wife	Hamilton MacFadden
director	The Clean Gun is a 1917 silent film short-feature(4-reel) drama directed by Harry Harvey.	The Clean Gun	Harry Harvey
director	The Hide is a 2008 film, the debut from director Marek Losey, who previously had an award-winning career as a director of advertisements.	The Hide	Marek Losey
director	Artists and Models Abroad (UK title: Stranded in Paris) is a 1938 film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Mitchell Leisen, starring Jack Benny and Joan Bennett.	Artists and Models Abroad	Mitchell Leisen
director	Much Loved (also known as Zin Li Fik) is a 2015 French-Moroccan drama film directed by Nabil Ayouch about the prostitution scene in Marrakesh.	Much Loved	Nabil Ayouch
director	Femmes aux yeux ouverts (Women with eyes open) is a Togolese documentary film directed by Anne-Laure Folly.	Femmes aux yeux ouverts	Anne-Laure Folly
director	Doorada Betta (Kannada: ದೂರದ ಬೆಟ್ಟ) is a 1973 Kannada film directed by Siddalingaiah.	Doorada Betta	Siddalingaiah
director	The Spongers is a 1978 television play by Jim Allen which was directed by Roland Joffé and produced by Tony Garnett.	The Spongers	Roland Joffé
director	Notch Number One is a 1924 silent film crime western directed, produced by and starring Ben F. Wilson.	Notch Number One	Ben F. Wilson
director	The Floor Above is a 1914 American silent mystery film directed by James Kirkwood.	The Floor Above	James Kirkwood
director	Dhoom (English: Blast) is a 2004 Indian action thriller film written by Vijay Krishna Acharya and directed by Sanjay Gadhvi.	Dhoom	Sanjay Gadhvi
director	Killing Mad Dogs (Persian: :سگ كشی‎‎) is a 2001 Iranian drama film directed by Bahram Bayzai.	Killing Mad Dogs	Bahram Bayzai
director	Written and directed by series creator Rob Thomas, ``Donut Run'' premiered on January 25, 2006 on UPN.	Donut Run	Rob Thomas
director	You've Got to Walk It Like You Talk It or You'll Lose That Beat is a 1971 comedy-drama film directed by Peter Locke.	You've Got to Walk It Like You Talk It or You'll Lose That Beat	Peter Locke
director	Men of America is a 1932 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Ralph Ince and written by Samuel Ornitz and Jack Jungmeyer.	Men of America	Ralph Ince
director	Lovers Vanished (Hangul: 폭풍전야; RR: Pokpungjoenya; lit. ``Before the Storm'') is a 2010 South Korean film, directed by Cho Chang-ho as both a love story and a character drama.	Lovers Vanished	Cho Chang-ho
director	Chuvanna Vithukal (English: Red Seedlings) is a 1978 Indian Malayalam socio-political film, directed by P. A. Backer and produced by Salam Karassery.	Chuvanna Vithukal	P. A. Backer
director	Ginger Ale Afternoon is a 1989 independent film by director Rafal Zielinski, based on a stage play by Gina Wendkos.	Ginger Ale Afternoon	Rafal Zielinski
director	Orwell Rolls in His Grave is a 2003 American documentary film directed by Robert Kane Pappas and written by Pappas and Tom Blackburn.	Orwell Rolls in His Grave	Robert Kane Pappas
director	Bhoomiyude Avakashikal (English: The Inheritors of the Earth) is a 2012 Malayalam feature film written and directed by T. V. Chandran.	Bhoomiyude Avakashikal	T. V. Chandran
director	Be a Wicked Woman (Hangul: 천사여 악녀가 되라; RR: Cheonsayeo aknyeoga doera), also known as Angel, Become an Evil Woman, is a 1990 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Be a Wicked Woman	Kim Ki-young
director	Miss Mink of 1949 is a 1949 American comedy film directed by Glenn Tryon (his last film as a director) and written by Arnold Belgard.	Miss Mink of 1949	Glenn Tryon
director	Vijayanagarada Veeraputhra (Kannada: ವಿಜಯನಗರದ ವೀರಪುತ್ರ) is a 1961 Indian Kannada film, directed by R. Nagendra Rao and produced by R Nagendra Rao.	Vijayanagarada Veeraputhra	R. Nagendra Rao
director	The One Who Will Stay Unnoticed (Croatian: Onaj koji će ostati neprimijećen) is a Croatian drama film directed by Zvonimir Jurić.	The One Who Will Stay Unnoticed	Zvonimir Jurić
director	Oru Sumangaliyude Katha is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Baby, story written by Oscar Movies M Bhaskar and produced by S Kumar.	Oru Sumangaliyude Katha	Baby
director	American Heist is a 2014 American independent action film directed by Armenian director Sarik Andreasyan, based on the 1959 film The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery directed by Charles Guggenheim and John Stix.	American Heist	Sarik Andreasyan
director	Captain Scarlett is a 1953 American Techinicolor swashbuckler film directed by Thomas Carr, that was shot in Mexico.	Captain Scarlett	Thomas Carr
director	November 1828 is a 1979 Indonesian historical drama directed by Teguh Karya.	November 1828	Teguh Karya
director	Lady Stay Dead is a 1981 Australian thriller film directed by Terry Bourke about a psychotic handyman.	Lady Stay Dead	Terry Bourke
director	Made by Walter Wanger Productions and Universal International Pictures, it was directed by George Marshall and produced by Walter Wanger from a screenplay by Alan Le May, based on the 1942 novel Tap Roots by James H. Street, with additional dialogue by Lionel Wiggam.	Tap Roots	George Marshall
director	Operación rosa rosa (English: Operation Pink Rose) is a 1974 Argentine film, directed by Polish-born director Leo Fleider.	Operación rosa rosa	Leo Fleider
director	KL Gangster is a 2011 Malaysian action film written and directed by Syamsul Yusof, (who also starred in the film).	KL Gangster	Syamsul Yusof
director	Panama Pasama (English: Money or Affection) is a 1968 Indian Tamil film, directed and produced by K. S. Gopalakrishnan.	Panama Pasama	K. S. Gopalakrishnan
director	Song of the Miraculous Hind (Hungarian: Ének a csodaszarvasról) is a 2002 Hungarian animated mythological and historical film directed by Marcell Jankovics.	Song of the Miraculous Hind	Marcell Jankovics
director	Urbanized is a documentary film directed by Gary Hustwit and released on 26 October 2011 and considered the third of a three-part series on design known as the Design Trilogy, the first being Helvetica about the typeface and the second being Objectified about industrial design.	Urbanized	Gary Hustwit
director	Abgehauen is a 1998 German television documentary directed by Frank Beyer and based on the autobiographical book of the same name by Manfred Krug.	Abgehauen	Frank Beyer
director	Serangan Fajar (released internationally as Attack at Dawn) is a 1982 Indonesian war film directed by Arifin C. Noer and produced by G. Dwipayana.	Serangan Fajar	Arifin C. Noer
director	Dead Woman from Beverly Hills (German: Die Tote von Beverly Hills) is a 1964 West German drama film directed by Michael Pfleghar.	Dead Woman from Beverly Hills	Michael Pfleghar
dissolved or abolished	Erivansky Uyezd (Russian: Эриванский уезд) was one of the uyezds (administrative units) of Erivan Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Erivan from 1846 until its formal abolition in 1917.	Erivansky Uyezd	1917
dissolved or abolished	The Province of Lower Silesia (German: Provinz Niederschlesien; Silesian German: Provinz Niederschläsing; Polish: Prowincja Dolny Śląsk; Silesian: Prowincyjŏ Dolny Ślůnsk) was a province of the Free State of Prussia from 1919 to 1945.	Province of Lower Silesia	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Ostrogothic Kingdom was established by the Ostrogoths in Italy and neighbouring areas from 493 to 553.	Ostrogothic Kingdom	553
dissolved or abolished	Bavaria-Munich (German: Bayern-München) was a duchy which was part of the Holy Roman Empire from 1392 to 1505.	Bavaria-Munich	1505
dissolved or abolished	In 1984 the party merged with the Galician Socialist Party to create the Galician Socialist Party-Galician Left (PSG-EG).	Galician Left	1984
dissolved or abolished	Arkhangelsk Governorate (Russian: Архангельская губерния, Arkhangelskaya guberniya) was an administrative division (a guberniya) of the Russian Empire, which existed from 1796 until 1929.	Arkhangelsk Governorate	1929
dissolved or abolished	The Eckerd Open is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played from 1971 to 1990.	Eckerd Open	1990
dissolved or abolished	The Cossack Hetmanate (Ukrainian: Гетьманщина, Het’manshchyna), officially known as the Rus State or Zaporizhian Host (Військо Запорозьке, Viys’kо Zaporoz’kе), was a Ukrainian Cossack state in Central Ukraine between 1649 and 1764 (some sources claim until 1782).	Cossack Hetmanate	1764
dissolved or abolished	This would not succeed however and in 1958 the French Union was replaced by the French Community by Charles de Gaulle's Fifth Republic wherein France was now a federation of states with their own self-government.	French Union	1958
dissolved or abolished	On 1 April 1964, the Air Ministry was incorporated into the Ministry of Defence, and the position of Secretary of State for Air was abolished.	Secretary of State for Air	1 April 1964
dissolved or abolished	The First Republic of Venezuela (Primera República de Venezuela in Spanish) was the first independent government of Venezuela, lasting from July 5, 1811, to July 25, 1812.	First Republic of Venezuela	1812
dissolved or abolished	Crave Entertainment was an American video game company that went bankrupt in 2012.	Crave Entertainment	2012
dissolved or abolished	CoCom ceased to function on March 31, 1994, and the then-current control list of embargoed goods was retained by the member nations until the successor, the Wassenaar Arrangement, was established.	CoCom	1994
dissolved or abolished	In 1923, IWUSP and the Second International merged to form the social democratic Labour and Socialist International.	Second International	1923
dissolved or abolished	The Emirate of Córdoba (Arabic: إمارة قرطبة, Imārah Qurṭuba) was an independent emirate in the Iberian Peninsula between 756 and 929 with Córdoba as its capital.	Emirate of Córdoba	929
dissolved or abolished	In 1970, Nord Aviation merged with Sud Aviation to create Société nationale d'industrie aérospatiale (SNIAS), later renamed Aérospatiale and ultimately merged into European aerospace corporation EADS in 2000.	Nord Aviation	1970
dissolved or abolished	As a corporate entity, the Graham-Paige name continued until 1962.	Graham-Paige	1962
dissolved or abolished	The Papal States were territories in the Italian Peninsula under the sovereign direct rule of the pope, from the 8th century until 1870.	Papal States	1870
dissolved or abolished	Sawaba was an outgrowth of several sources, and passed through several name changes prior to Niger's independence from France in 1959-1960.	Sawaba	1959
dissolved or abolished	The Black Panther Party or BPP (originally the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense) was a revolutionary black nationalist and socialist organization active in the United States from 1966 until 1982, with its only international chapter operating in Algeria from 1969 until 1972.	Black Panther Party	1982
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Alpuente was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around 1009 to 1106.	Taifa of Alpuente	1106
dissolved or abolished	The National Social Democratic Front (Vietnamese: Mặt trận Quốc gia Dân chủ Xã hội) was a political coalition in South Vietnam, from 1969 to April 1975.	National Social Democratic Front	1975
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Butua or Butwa (c. 1450 - 1683) was a pre-colonial African state located in what is now southwestern Zimbabwe.	Kingdom of Butua	1683
dissolved or abolished	The Societé Générale des Voitures Automobiles Otto of Paris manufactured the Otto car from 1900 to 1914, and the F.L. from 1909 to 1914.	Societé Générale des Voitures Automobiles Otto	1914
dissolved or abolished	In 1878 Darvaz was invaded by neighboring Bukhara and absorbed into the Bukharan Emirate.	Darvaz	1878
dissolved or abolished	In 1413, when the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Kingdom of Poland signed the Union of Horodło, the Principality of Minsk ceased to exist and the city became the center of the newly created Minsk Voivodeship.	Principality of Minsk	1413
dissolved or abolished	Doriot, Flandrin & Parant (D.F.P.) was a French car maker based in Courbevoie, Seine between 1906 and 1926.	Doriot, Flandrin & Parant	1926
dissolved or abolished	Ildjarn recorded music until 1997 but did not officially end until 2005.	Ildjarn	2005
dissolved or abolished	Savolax and Karelia County (Swedish: Savolax och Karelens län, Finnish: Savonlinnan ja Karjalan lääni) was a county of Sweden 1775-1809 and province of Grand Duchy of Finland 1809-1831.	Savolax and Karelia County	1831
dissolved or abolished	In 1998 Social Christians contributed to the foundation of the Democrats of the Left and were later a faction within that party.	Social Christians	1998
dissolved or abolished	In 1949, the Territory and the Territory of New Guinea were established in an administrative union by the name of the Territory of Papua and New Guinea.	Territory of Papua	1949
dissolved or abolished	After the Federation was dissolved, Nyasaland became independent from Britain on 6 July 1964 and was renamed Malawi.	Nyasaland	1964
dissolved or abolished	The Cudell was a German car made from 1898 to 1908.	Cudell	1908
educated at	Jérôme Champagne was educated at the Lycée d'Arsonval in Saint-Maur-des-Fossés(France) before entering in 1978 at the Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris (Sciences-Po) where he graduated in 1981 as well as at the Ecole Nationale des Langues et Civilisations Orientales (INALCO) .	Jérôme Champagne	Sciences-Po
educated at	Kevin McCormack graduated from St. Cathedral College and the Seminary of the Immaculate Conception and continued on to receive his master's degree in education from Fordham University.	Kevin McCormack	Fordham University
educated at	Nicolas Perrin studied at ETH Zurich, Dept. II for Construction Engineering, where he gained a diploma.	Nicolas Perrin	ETH Zurich
educated at	Born in England on 24 June 1942, Colin Groves completed a Bachelor of Science at University College London in 1963, and a Doctor of Philosophy at the Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine in 1966.	Colin Groves	University College London
educated at	Fabrice Brégier was born in Dijon in July 1961, and graduated from École Polytechnique and École des Mines de Paris.	Fabrice Brégier	École Polytechnique
educated at	Adesh Gupta is a Mechanical Engineer (1977--82) from Kurukshetra University, Kurukshetra (Haryana).	Adesh Gupta	Kurukshetra University
educated at	Bonnie Richardson (born September 9, 1990) is an American track and field athlete from the small community of Rochelle, Texas, who is currently enrolled at Texas A&M University as a nutrition major and competes on its women's track team in Combined Events.	Bonnie Richardson	Texas A&M University
educated at	He also has a convention centre named after him at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay known as the Victor Menezes Convention Centre (VMCC) which was inaugurated by Mr. Kapil Sibal on 8 January 2011.	Victor Menezes	Indian Institute of Technology Bombay
educated at	Having studied humanities at the University of Bucharest and at the Sorbonne in Paris, Miron Grindea from 1929 began reviewing music and literature for the Jewish cultural review ADAM and became its co-editor in 1936.	Miron Grindea	University of Bucharest
educated at	Dariusz Kołodziejczyk (1962--present) is a Polish historian and professor of the University of Warsaw.	Dariusz Kołodziejczyk	University of Warsaw
educated at	The son of an Orthodox priest, Mihai Șora studied philosophy at the University of Bucharest from 1934 to 1938, where he was a student of Mircea Eliade.	Mihai Șora	University of Bucharest
educated at	After attending Culver Military Academy and Duke University, serving in the United States Air Force, and a brief time as a sportswriter, Tal Smith began his baseball career in the front office of the Cincinnati Reds as a protégé of Gabe Paul, their general manager from 1951--1960.	Tal Smith	Duke University
educated at	Frank Berry Hinton, known as Berry Hinton (February 6, 1910 -- January 22, 2000), was from 1943 to 1967 a champion baseball coach at Louisiana Tech University in Ruston, Louisiana.	Berry Hinton	Louisiana Tech University
educated at	Don Russell has a PhD from the London School of Economics, a Masters of Economics from the Australian National University and a Bachelor of Economics with first-degree honours from Flinders University.	Don Russell	London School of Economics	Australian National University	Flinders University
educated at	Lou Reed quoted in Please Kill Me (1996) Upon his recovery from the bout of illness and associated treatment, Reed resumed his education at Syracuse University in 1960, studying journalism, film directing, and creative writing.	Lou Reed	Syracuse University
educated at	As a University of Southern California student, Foy Draper won the IC4A championships in 200 m in 1935.	Foy Draper	University of Southern California
educated at	Richard Blackford studied composition with John Lambert at the Royal College of Music and conducting with Norman Del Mar. He spent a number of years as Hans Werner Henze's assistant in Italy, where he received his first commissions while immersed in the European avant-garde.	Richard Blackford	Royal College of Music
educated at	Pound and Cather residence halls at the University of Nebraska (Lincoln) are named after Louise Pound and Willa Cather, with whom Pound maintained a close friendship.	Louise Pound	University of Nebraska (Lincoln
educated at	Born in Dunbar, Pennsylvania in 1908, Marie Hochmuth Nichols attended the University of Pittsburgh, graduating with a bachelor's and a master's degree, and the University of Wisconsin, receiving her Ph. D. She then went on to teach at Mt.	Marie Hochmuth Nichols	University of Pittsburgh
educated at	Cardiff University honours the memory of Roy Jenkins by naming one of its halls of residence 'Roy Jenkins Hall'.	Roy Jenkins	Cardiff University
educated at	David Otis Fuller (November 20, 1903 -- February 21, 1988) was a graduate of Wheaton College in Wheaton, Illinois and Princeton Theological Seminary.	David Otis Fuller	Princeton Theological Seminary
educated at	John Byers Anderson was the second son of the Rev. John Anderson, a missionary and trustee of Washington & Jefferson College from 1806 to 1831.	John Byers Anderson	Washington & Jefferson College
educated at	Peter Glenville was educated by Jesuits at Stonyhurst College, one of England's leading Catholic public schools, and from there went up to Christ Church, Oxford where he read Jurisprudence.	Peter Glenville	Christ Church
educated at	Anne Bredon (born Anne Loeb on September 7, 1930 in Berkeley, California) is an American folk singer, best known for composing the song ``Babe I'm Gonna Leave You'' while she was a student at University of California, Berkeley in the late 1950s.	Anne Bredon	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Fanny Elizabeth Hunt (25 July 1863 - 1941) was the first woman to graduate with a Bachelor of Science from the University of Sydney, Australia, graduating in 1888.	Fanny Elizabeth Hunt	University of Sydney
educated at	Arthur Hobhouse was educated at Eton College, St Andrews University and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated in Natural Sciences.	Arthur Hobhouse	Eton College	Trinity College
educated at	Boehlert was born in Utica, New York to Elizabeth Monica Champoux and Sherwood Boehlert, and graduated from Utica College.	Sherwood Boehlert	Utica College
educated at	Jemma Redgrave was admitted to the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art at the age of 18.	Jemma Redgrave	London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art
educated at	Jessie Paul holds a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science & Engineering degree from National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli, and an MBA in Marketing from Indian Institute of Management Calcutta.	Jessie Paul	Indian Institute of Management Calcutta
educated at	Vytautas Merkys (May 5, 1929 in Čivai, near Kupiškis -- July 25, 2012) was a Lithuanian historian and a professor at Vilnius University.	Vytautas Merkys	Vilnius University
educated at	Carolyn Stafford Stein is a lecturer at Harvard Law School.	Carolyn Stafford Stein	Harvard Law School
educated at	Gus Hunt received a ME in Civil/Structural Engineering from Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee.	Gus Hunt	Vanderbilt University
educated at	In 1859, with help from her brother Samuel and abolitionists, Lewis was sent to Oberlin College at the age of about fifteen, where she changed her name to Mary Edmonia Lewis.	Edmonia Lewis	Oberlin College
educated at	William Ridley Wills, born Brownsville, Tennessee on March 4, 1897, was a graduate of Vanderbilt University and a member of the Fugitive literary group.	William Ridley Wills	Vanderbilt University
educated at	Herb Peyton attended the University of Florida, and was a member of the class of 1956.	Herb Peyton	University of Florida
educated at	John Shadegg was born in Phoenix and received a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Arizona at Tucson in 1972 and a Juris Doctor from the University of Arizona Law School, also in Tucson, in 1975.	John Shadegg	University of Arizona
educated at	Born in Boston, Massachusetts, to the Rev. Samuel Dexter, the 4th minister of Dedham, he graduated from Harvard University in 1781 and then studied law at Worcester under Levi Lincoln, Sr., the future Attorney General of the United States.	Samuel Dexter	Harvard University
educated at	Sheila Fitzpatrick attended the University of Melbourne (BA, 1961) and received her DPhil from St Antony's College, Oxford (1969); she was a Research Fellow at the London School of Slavonic and East European Studies, 1969--72.	Sheila Fitzpatrick	University of Melbourne	St Antony's College
educated at	From 1948-51, San Win studied art education at Goldsmiths, University of London (formerly Goldsmiths College), and later studied at Columbia University from 1952-53 as a Fulbright/Smith-Mundt Scholar.	San Win	Goldsmiths, University of London	Columbia University
educated at	Tripod.com originated in 1992 with two Williams College classmates, Bo Peabody and Brett Hershey, along with Dick Sabot, an economics professor at the school.	Bo Peabody	Williams College
educated at	Charles Old Goodford (15 July 1812, Chilton-Cantelo -- 9 May 1884, Eton) was an English headmaster, provost of Eton College.	Charles Old Goodford	Eton College
educated at	After his studies at Idhec (Institut des hautes études cinématographiques, now La Fémis), Jean-Jacques Birgé is filled with a passion for images and sounds, and particularly for their potential to produce sense and create emotions.	Jean-Jacques Birgé	Institut des hautes études cinématographiques
educated at	Emily Sisson redshirted her 1st fall at University of Wisconsin before transferring to Providence College to train under Ray Tracey.	Emily Sisson	Providence College
educated at	Thomas Ebbesen received his bachelors from Oberlin College, and a PhD from Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris in the field of photo-physical chemistry.	Thomas Ebbesen	Oberlin College
educated at	Blake and Taylor Griffin played at Oklahoma Christian School under their father, who was the head coach.	Taylor Griffin	Oklahoma Christian School
educated at	George Poschner (Jan 15, 1919-May 2, 2004), was a former football end who played for the University of Georgia from 1939 to 1942.	George Poschner	University of Georgia
educated at	Retha Warnicke graduated with a B.A. from Indiana University, magna cum laude, in 1961.	Retha Warnicke	Indiana University
educated at	Britton Chance (July 24, 1913 -- November 16, 2010) was the Eldridge Reeves Johnson University Professor Emeritus of Biochemistry and Biophysics, as well as Professor Emeritus of Physical Chemistry and Radiological Physics at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.	Britton Chance	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	John Lisnik is a former Maine politician and current University of Maine administrator.	John Lisnik	University of Maine
educated at	Bruce Forbes holds a BA in Religious Studies from Morningside College, an MTh from Perkins School of Theology at Southern Methodist University, and a PhD from Princeton Theological Seminary.	Bruce Forbes	Southern Methodist University	Princeton Theological Seminary
educated at	Douglas Lane Patey is Sophia Smith Professor of English at Smith College in Northampton, MA.	Douglas Lane Patey	Smith College
educated at	Bharat Gupt, A retired Associate Professor in English, who taught at the College of Vocational Studies of the University of Delhi, is an Indian classicist, theatre theorist, sitar and surbahar player, musicologist, cultural analyst, and newspaper columnist.	Bharat Gupt	University of Delhi
educated at	Stuart Cheshire received his B.A. and M.A. degrees from Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, U.K., in June 1989 and June 1992.	Stuart Cheshire	Sidney Sussex College
educated at	Ruth Pickett Thompson is a former All-American synchronized swimmer for the University of Michigan.	Ruth Pickett Thompson	University of Michigan
educated at	Ian Quayle Jones was educated at Strathallan School in Perthshire, Scotland and the University of Edinburgh, graduating with a degree in law.	Ian Quayle Jones	University of Edinburgh
educated at	James Couper Brash was born in Cathcart in Scotland, the son of James Brash, J.P. He was educated at George Watson's College and the University of Edinburgh.	James Couper Brash	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Vanessa Marie grew up in Detroit, Michigan and graduated from the University of Michigan's Honors English program in 2005.	Vanessa Marie	University of Michigan
educated at	The older of two sons of Preston Murdoch Geren, Jr., of Fort Worth, Charlie Geren obtained a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Southern Methodist University in University Park near Dallas.	Charlie Geren	Southern Methodist University
educated at	Brian A. Britt is Assistant Director of the School of Music, Assistant Professor of Music, and Director of The Pride of Oklahoma Marching Band at the University of Oklahoma.	Brian A. Britt	University of Oklahoma
educated at	John Mark Ramseyer (born c. 1954) is Mitsubishi Professor of Japanese Legal Studies at Harvard Law School and a leading scholar on the subjects of Japanese Law and Law and Economics.	John Mark Ramseyer	Harvard Law School
educated at	Angela Braly received her undergraduate degree from Texas Tech University in 1982 and her Juris Doctor from Southern Methodist University School of Law.	Angela Braly	Texas Tech University	Southern Methodist University
educated at	Yvette Jarvis, a 1979 magna cum laude graduate of Boston University, moved to Greece in 1982 as an accomplished basketball player, to play for Panathinaikos.	Yvette Jarvis	Boston University
educated at	Born in Shrewsbury on 29 September 1971, John Moule was educated at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, where he was a Scholar and gained a first class degree in History.	John Moule	Lady Margaret Hall
educated at	Arthur Fletcher, a Republican, graduated from Washburn University and obtained a degree from distance learning school La Salle Extension University.	Arthur Fletcher	Washburn University
educated at	John Reily Knox (May 20, 1820 -- February 7, 1898) was an American attorney who was the principal founder of Beta Theta Pi Fraternity at Miami University in 1839.	John Reily Knox	Miami University
educated at	Thomas Hemingway was a distinguished graduate of the Air Force ROTC program, was commissioned as a second lieutenant in November 1962 after earning his undergraduate degree at Willamette University.	Thomas Hemingway	Willamette University
educated at	Trevor Fisk (8 May 1943 -- 14 March 1993) was a British student union leader, executive at British Steel and a trailblazer in the field of healthcare marketing in the United States Fisk was elected President of the London School of Economics Student Union in 1964, then attended the Inns of Court.	Trevor Fisk	London School of Economics
educated at	Jeanne Ruark Hoff (born c. 1960 in Mississippi) is a former college basketball player for Stanford University and the mother of Olympic swimming medalist Katie Hoff.	Jeanne Ruark Hoff	Stanford University
educated at	After the Cultural Revolution, Zhang Lifan was educated in the Institute of Modern History of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (中国社科院近代史研究所).	Zhang Lifan	Chinese Academy of Social Sciences
educated at	Robert Antoine Pinchon studied at Lycée Pierre-Corneille in Rouen at the turn of the century.	Robert Antoine Pinchon	Lycée Pierre-Corneille
educated at	Stern attended NYU's Tisch School of the Arts, and graduated in the class of ``89 with a BFA from the Kanbar Film & TV Program. In 2015, Jonathan Stern was listed on VideoInk's 30 Digital Creatives To Know.	Jonathan Stern	Tisch School of the Arts
educated at	Zhou Xiaochuan graduated from Beijing Institute of Chemical Technology (now Beijing University of Chemical Technology) in 1975 and received a PhD degree in Automation and System Engineering from Tsinghua University in 1985.	Zhou Xiaochuan	Beijing University of Chemical Technology	Tsinghua University
educated at	Nay Phone Latt graduated with Engineering degree from Yangon Technological University.	Nay Phone Latt	Yangon Technological University
educated at	Mark Adamo (born 1962) is an American composer, librettist and professor of music composition at New York University's Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development.	Mark Adamo	New York University
educated at	Guy von Dardel studied at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm.	Guy von Dardel	Royal Institute of Technology
educated at	Story Musgrave attended Dexter School, Brookline, Massachusetts and St. Mark's School, Southborough, Massachusetts, from 1947 to 1953, prior to dropping out of St. Mark's.	Story Musgrave	St. Mark's School
educated at	Having learnt Greek, Hebrew, Latin and logic at Felsted, in preparation for university studies, he continued his education at Trinity College, Cambridge; his uncle and namesake Isaac Barrow, afterwards Bishop of St Asaph, was a Fellow of Peterhouse.	Isaac Barrow	Trinity College
educated at	Lois Conner received her BFA in photography from the Pratt Institute.	Lois Conner	Pratt Institute
educated at	A Sheriff at Glasgow Sheriff Court, reputed to be the busiest court in Europe, Laura Duncan was born on 17 June 1947 and educated at the Hamilton Academy and the University of Glasgow.	Laura Duncan	University of Glasgow
employer	Sally Blount is the Dean of the Kellogg School of Management and the Michael L. Nemmers Professor of Management and Organizations at Northwestern University.	Sally Blount	Northwestern University
employer	Gerard Delanty (born 1960) is a British sociologist and Professor of Sociology and Social & Political Thought at the University of Sussex.	Gerard Delanty	University of Sussex
employer	Kin-Yip Chun is a Canadian geophysicist at the University of Toronto's Department of Physics.	Kin-Yip Chun	University of Toronto
employer	Stuart Weir is a British journalist, writer, and Visiting Professor with the Government Department at the University of Essex.	Stuart Weir	University of Essex
employer	Matija Mesić (Brod na Savi, February 19, 1826 - Zagreb, December 5, 1878) was a Croatian historian, university professor, the first rector of the University of Zagreb.	Matija Mesić	University of Zagreb
employer	Yong Chin Pak is a 6th dan judo, 9th dan hapkido, and 8th dan taekwondo master and adjunct instructor in Exercise Sport Science and instructed students in the martial arts (hapkido, judo, and taekwondo) at Iowa State University from 1973 to 2013.	Yong Chin Pak	Iowa State University
employer	Gunnar Broberg (born 1942) is since 1990 Professor in History of Science and Ideas at Lund University, Sweden.	Gunnar Broberg	Lund University
employer	Paul Tiffany is a Senior Lecturer at the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley.	Paul Tiffany	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Hans-Joachim Veen (born 29 August 1944 in Strasbourg) is a German political scientist who since 1994 works as honorary professor at the University of Trier, Germany.	Hans-Joachim Veen	University of Trier
employer	Ann Dooley is a professor with the Centre for Medieval Studies and the Celtic Studies Program at St. Michael's College at the University of Toronto where she specializes in Irish literature.	Ann Dooley	University of Toronto
employer	Kenneth Feinberg is also an adjunct professor at the Columbia University School of Law, University of Pennsylvania Law School, Georgetown University Law Center, New York University School of Law, the University of Virginia School of Law and at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law.	Kenneth Feinberg	Georgetown University
employer	Robert C. Lieberman (born September 26, 1964) is an American political scientist and the provost of the Johns Hopkins University.	Robert C. Lieberman	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Avraham Stern (Hebrew: אברהם שטרן‎, Avraham Shtern), alias Yair (Hebrew: יאיר‎; December 23, 1907 -- February 12, 1942) was one of the leaders of the Jewish paramilitary organization Irgun.	Avraham Stern	Irgun
employer	Charles J. Lumsden (born 1949) is a Canadian biologist in the Department of Medicine and Institute of Medical Science, University of Toronto.	Charles J. Lumsden	University of Toronto
employer	Christian Genest (/ʒənɛ/; born January 11, 1957, in Chicoutimi, Québec) is a Professor in the Department of Mathematics and Statistics at McGill University (Montréal, Canada), where he holds a Canada Research Chair.	Christian Genest	McGill University
employer	John Otis Brew, born March 28, 1906, was an American Southwest archaeologist that not only conducted extensive archaeological research, but was also a director at the Peabody Museum at Harvard University.	John Otis Brew	Harvard University
employer	Gregor Kiczales is a professor of computer science at the University of British Columbia in Canada.	Gregor Kiczales	University of British Columbia
employer	Ronald F. Probstein (born March 11, 1928) is the Ford Professor of Engineering, Emeritus, at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Ronald F. Probstein	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Santiago Lyon (Born 1966 in Madrid, Spain) is Vice President and Director of Photography of The Associated Press, responsible for the global photo report and the hundreds of photographers and photo editors worldwide who produce it.	Santiago Lyon	Associated Press
employer	John T. Edge (22 Dec, 1962 --) is a writer, commentator, and, since its founding in 1999, director of the Southern Foodways Alliance, an institute of the Center for the Study of Southern Culture at the University of Mississippi.	John T. Edge	University of Mississippi
employer	Virginia Zakian is the Harry C. Wiess Professor in the Life Sciences in the Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University.	Virginia Zakian	Princeton University
employer	Boyo Ockinga is an Egyptologist, epigrapher, and philologist of the ancient Egyptian language, who holds the position of Associate Professor in the Department of Ancient History at Macquarie University in Sydney, Australia.	Boyo Ockinga	Macquarie University
employer	Yitzhak Shapira is an Israeli rabbi who lived in the West Bank Israeli settlement Yitzhar and is head of the Od Yosef Chai Yeshiva.	Yitzhak Shapira	Od Yosef Chai
employer	Charles Edward Merriam, Jr. (November 15, 1874 -- January 8, 1953) was a professor of political science at the University of Chicago, founder of the behavioralistic approach to political science, a prominent intellectual in the Progressive Movement, and an advisor to several U.S. Presidents.	Charles Edward Merriam	University of Chicago
employer	Mel Krajden, M.D., is a professor of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada.	Mel Krajden	University of British Columbia
employer	Valerie Tiberius is Professor of Philosophy at the University of Minnesota, an institution she has been affiliated with since 1998.	Valerie Tiberius	University of Minnesota
employer	Bruce Bueno de Mesquita (born November 24, 1946) is a political scientist, professor at New York University, and senior fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution.	Bruce Bueno de Mesquita	New York University
employer	Edward Francis Renwick, known as Ed Renwick (born June 26, 1938), is a retired political scientist who is Professor Emeritus of Political Science and the former Director of the Institute of Politics at Loyola University New Orleans.	Ed Renwick	Loyola University New Orleans
employer	Adam D'Angelo is the chief executive officer and co-founder of Quora, an online knowledge market based in Mountain View, California.	Adam D'Angelo	Quora
employer	María Dueñas is a professor of English Language and Literature at the University of Murcia.	María Dueñas	University of Murcia
employer	S. Craig Watkins is a professor at the University of Texas at Austin and a media professional involved primarily with interactions between youth culture and the digital age.	S. Craig Watkins	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Harryette Mullen (born July 1, 1953), Professor of English at University of California, Los Angeles is an American poet, short story writer, and literary scholar.	Harryette Mullen	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	John T. Hamilton (born March 1, 1963, Bronx, NY) is a literary scholar, musician, and William R. Kenan Professor of German and Comparative Literature at Harvard University.	John T. Hamilton	Harvard University
employer	Kumble R. Subbaswamy is the 11th and current chancellor of the University of Massachusetts Amherst.	Kumble R. Subbaswamy	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Martha Constantine-Paton is a neuroscientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Martha Constantine-Paton	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	From 1982 to 1986 Peter Gruss was a professor at the University of Heidelberg's Institute of Microbiology.	Peter Gruss	University of Heidelberg
employer	Sir Hersch Lauterpacht QC (16 August 1897 -- 8 May 1960) was a member of the United Nations' International Law Commission from 1952 to 1954 and a Judge of the International Court of Justice from 1955 to 1960.	Hersch Lauterpacht	United Nations
employer	Helen C. White (November 26, 1896 -- June 7, 1967) was a professor of English at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Helen C. White	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	John Hocking (born 6 August 1957) of Australia is the United Nations Assistant Secretary-General, Registrar of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and, concurrently, the Registrar of the Mechanism for International Criminal Tribunals (UNMICT).	John Hocking	United Nations
employer	Eugen Schwitzgebel (1900 -- 31 October 1944, in Aarhus) was a German officer, a SS Sturmbannführer and Gestapo leader in Aarhus during the Second World War.	Eugen Schwitzgebel	Gestapo
employer	W. Jeffrey Marsh is a religion professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) and an author of several religiously themed books.	W. Jeffrey Marsh	Brigham Young University
employer	Alan Towers (1934 -- 24 May 2008) was a former presenter of Midlands Today, BBC Midlands' regional news programme.	Alan Towers	BBC
employer	Ronald H. Petersen, more commonly known as Ron Petersen, born in 1934, is a mycologist of the University of Tennessee.	Ron Petersen	University of Tennessee
employer	In 1959 he was the founding director of the Casa del Lago, the first off-campus Cultural Center of the National Autonomous University of Mexico, now called the Casa del Lago Juan José Arreola.	Juan José Arreola	National Autonomous University of Mexico
employer	James Isbell Armstrong (April 20, 1919 -- December 16, 2013) was an American academic who was President of Middlebury College.	James Isbell Armstrong	Middlebury College
employer	Donn B. Murphy (born July 21, 1930) taught theatre and speech courses at Georgetown University from 1954 to 2000.	Donn B. Murphy	Georgetown University
employer	Jeffrey Bergner is President and Managing Financial Partner of Bergner Bockorny, Inc. He is an adjunct professor at the National Security Studies Program at Georgetown University.	Jeffrey Bergner	Georgetown University
employer	Hilary Kornblith is an American Professor of philosophy at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, USA, and one of contemporary epistemology's most prominent proponents of naturalized epistemology.	Hilary Kornblith	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	In 1973, at the age of 26, Shulamit Ran joined the faculty at University of Chicago, where she currently serves as the Andrew MacLeish Distinguished Service Professor in the Department of Music and as artistic director of Contempo (formerly the Contemporary Chamber Players).	Shulamit Ran	University of Chicago
employer	Colin Dayan (also known as Joan Dayan), is the Robert Penn Warren Professor in the Humanities at Vanderbilt University, where she teaches American Studies, comparative literature, and the religious and legal history of the Americas.	Colin Dayan	Vanderbilt University
employer	Daniel Langlois (born 1957) is the president and founder of the Daniel Langlois Foundation, Ex-Centris, and Media Principia Inc. Daniel Langlois also founded Softimage Inc., serving as its president and chief technology officer from November 1986 to July 1998.	Daniel Langlois	Softimage
employer	Chris Tsakalakis is a Greek-American e-commerce executive, former president of StubHub and former general manager of eBay Tickets.	Chris Tsakalakis	StubHub	eBay
employer	In 2006, the Paul Kogerman scholarship was founded, to be granted to successful master's and doctoral level students of the Faculties of Science and Chemical and Materials Technology of the Tallinn University of Technology.	Paul Kogerman	Tallinn University of Technology
employer	Sigmund Mowinckel was educated at the University of Oslo (1908; ThD 1916) and from 1917 onward he was a lecturer there.	Sigmund Mowinckel	University of Oslo
employer	Anton Kaufman (1883 -- January 1, 1943) was a reporter for the Berliner Morgen-Zeitung and later the publisher of the Detroit Daily Chronicle and the Newark Jewish Chronicle.	Anton Kaufman	Newark Jewish Chronicle
employer	Jónas Kristjánsson (10 April 1924 -- 7 June 2014) was an Icelandic scholar and novelist, and one-time director of the Árni Magnússon Institute for Icelandic Studies.	Jónas Kristjánsson	Árni Magnússon Institute for Icelandic Studies
employer	Morris Szeftel is an academic who worked at the University of Leeds and supported the Leeds University Centre for African Studies.	Morris Szeftel	University of Leeds
employer	Vladimir Kanjuh (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Кањух; Ohrid, 4 March 1929), is a professor of pathology and cardiovascular pathology at the University of Belgrade's School of Medicine.	Vladimir Kanjuh	University of Belgrade
employer	Alain Connes (French: (alɛ̃ kɔn); born 1 April 1947) is a French mathematician, currently Professor at the Collège de France, IHÉS, The Ohio State University and Vanderbilt University.	Alain Connes	Collège de France	Vanderbilt University
employer	Makarand Paranjape (born 31 August 1960) is an Indian poet and professor at the Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi, India.	Makarand Paranjape	Jawaharlal Nehru University
employer	Yasheng Huang (Chinese: 黄亚生) is a professor in international management at the MIT Sloan School of Management, where he founded and heads the China Lab and India Lab. His research areas include human capital formation in China and India.	Yasheng Huang	MIT Sloan School of Management
employer	Jean-Pierre Abel-Rémusat (5 September 1788 -- 2 June 1832) was a French sinologist best known as the first Chair of Sinology at the Collège de France.	Jean-Pierre Abel-Rémusat	Collège de France
employer	Germán Gullón (Santander, May 21, 1945), literary critic and writer, is a professor of Spanish literature and member of the Amsterdam School for Cultural Analysis at the University of Amsterdam.	Germán Gullón	University of Amsterdam
employer	Herman Philipse (born 13 May 1951) is a professor of philosophy at Utrecht University in the Netherlands.	Herman Philipse	Utrecht University
employer	John Oliver Wheeler (19 December 1924 -- 24 May 2015) was an award-winning Canadian geologist, who spent most of his career as a research scientist with the Geological Survey of Canada.	John Oliver Wheeler	Geological Survey of Canada
employer	Elizabeth Topham Kennan (born 1938) is an American academic who served as the 16th president of Mount Holyoke College from 1978--1995.	Elizabeth Topham Kennan	Mount Holyoke College
employer	Arash Markazi (born March 4, 1980) is an Iranian-American sports journalist currently writing for ESPN.	Arash Markazi	ESPN
employer	Muhammad S. Eissa is currently a Lecturer of Arabic at the University of Chicago, and prior to that was the Mellon Lecturer at the University of Michigan.	Muhammad S. Eissa	University of Michigan
employer	Barbara Hammer (born May 15, 1939) is an American filmmaker in the genre of experimental films and a professor at the European Graduate School in Saas-Fee.	Barbara Hammer	European Graduate School
employer	Vasant Dhar is a professor at the Stern School of Business and the Center for Data Science at New York University.	Vasant Dhar	New York University
employer	Kate Stith (aka Kate Stith-Cabranes) is the Lafayette S. Foster Professor of Law and the former acting-Dean of Yale Law School.	Kate Stith	Yale Law School
employer	Christopher J. Lane (born 1966) is a British-American literary critic and intellectual historian who is currently Professor of English at Northwestern University and, formerly, the university's Pearce Miller Research Professor of Literature.	Christopher J. Lane	Northwestern University
employer	Sam Distefano (December 20, 1926 -- April 13, 2015) was vice-president of Playboy Enterprises and the Riviera Hotel and Casino, and a Chicago jazz pianist.	Sam Distefano	Playboy Enterprises
employer	Raphael Rowe is an English investigative journalist, best known for his work with BBC Panorama.	Raphael Rowe	BBC
employer	William Allan Neilson (28 March 1869 -- 1946) was a Scottish-American educator, writer and lexicographer, graduated in the University of Edinburgh in 1891 and became a Ph.D. in Harvard University in 1898.	William Allan Neilson	Harvard University
employer	Claud M. Davis (born August 23, 1924) an American engineer, inventor, and former employee of IBM Corporation at Poughkeepsie, New York, is known for his contributions to the development of the IBM System/360 and the development of air traffic control systems.	Claud M. Davis	IBM
employer	Charles Stafford (born 6 November 1956) is Professor of Anthropology at the London School of Economics; he is also one of the co-founders of the LSE's Programme in Culture & Cognition.	Charles Stafford	London School of Economics
employer	David Wyss currently teaches economics at Brown University.	David Wyss	Brown University
employer	Benjamin Perrin is an associate professor at the Peter A. Allard School of Law at the University of British Columbia.	Benjamin Perrin	University of British Columbia
employer	The University of Utah Press awards the Agha Shahid Ali Poetry Prize annually ``in memory of a celebrated poet and beloved teacher''.	Agha Shahid Ali	University of Utah
employer	Eni Njoku is a former vice-chancellor of the University of Lagos.	Eni Njoku	University of Lagos
employer	Martha W. Alibali is Professor of Psychology and Educational Psychology at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison, and an investigator at the Wisconsin Center for Education Research.	Martha W. Alibali	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	David Pilbeam (born 21 November 1940 in Brighton, Sussex, England) is the Henry Ford II Professor of the Social Sciences at Harvard University and curator of paleoanthropology at the Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology.	David Pilbeam	Harvard University
employer	Joseph Geha (born 1944, Zahle, Lebanon), professor-emeritus at Iowa State University, is the author of two books, Through and Through:	Joseph Geha	Iowa State University
employer	Johann Borenstein is an Israeli roboticist and Professor at the University of Michigan.	Johann Borenstein	University of Michigan
employer	The Rev. Edward Malloy, C.S.C. (born May 3, 1941), nicknamed ``Monk'', served from 1987 to 2005 as the 16th president of the University of Notre Dame.	Edward Malloy	University of Notre Dame
employer	Captain Mbaye Diagne (18 March 1958 -- 31 May 1994) was a Senegalese military officer and a United Nations military observer during the 1994 Rwandan Genocide.	Mbaye Diagne	United Nations
employer	August Friedrich Wilhelm Crome (Sengwarden, 8 June 1753 -- 11 June 1833, Rödelheim) was a German economist and statistician, and Professor of Cameralism at the University of Giessen.	August Friedrich Wilhelm Crome	University of Giessen
employer	Martine Dennis is a British news anchor, known for presenting BBC World News.	Martine Dennis	BBC
employer	Stephen Allan Scott (born May 25, 1940) is a Canadian law professor at McGill University.	Stephen Allan Scott	McGill University
employer	David L. Kirp , is James D. Marver professor at the Goldman School of Public Policy at the University of California, Berkeley, member of the Barack Obama Presidential Transition Team and author.	David L. Kirp	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Thomas Sewall Adams (December 29, 1873 -- February 8, 1933) was an American economist, and educator, Professor of Political Economy at Yale University and advisor to the U.S. Treasury Department.	Thomas Sewall Adams	Yale University
employer	Professor Jan De Maeseneer (Ghent, 30 June 1952) is a Belgian family physician and Head of the Department of Family Medicine and Primary Health Care of Ghent University.	Jan De Maeseneer	Ghent University
employer	Annabeth Rosen (born 1957 Brooklyn, NY) is an American sculptor, and the Robert Arneson Endowed Chair at University of California, Davis,	Annabeth Rosen	University of California, Davis
employer	Jonquil Panting (born 26 February 1966) is a British radio director, notable for her work for BBC Radio 4, such as Witness:	Jonquil Panting	BBC
employer	David Ron MD FRS FMedSci is a Professor of Cellular Pathophysiology and Clinical Biochemistry, Cambridge Institute for Medical Research and the Institute of Metabolic Science, University of Cambridge where he is also a Wellcome Trust Principal Research Fellow.	David Ron	University of Cambridge
employer	Carol Stabile is a professor in the School of Journalism and Communication, department of Women's and Gender Studies, at the University of Oregon.	Carol Stabile	University of Oregon
employer	Steven Crowell is an American philosopher who has taught at Rice University since 1983 and is the department chair.	Steven Crowell	Rice University
employer	Eugene Perry Link, Jr. (born 1944) (Chinese: 林培瑞; pinyin: Lín Péiruì) is Chancellorial Chair Professor for Innovative Teaching Comparative Literature and Foreign Languages in College of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences at the University of California, Riverside and Emeritus Professor of East Asian Studies at Princeton University.	Perry Link	University of California, Riverside	Princeton University
employer	Hans-Dieter Brenner (born 30 April 1952) a German businessman and Chief Executive of Helaba Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen.	Hans-Dieter Brenner	Helaba
employer	Wolfgang Pesendorfer (born 1963) is a professor of economics at Princeton University.	Wolfgang Pesendorfer	Princeton University
employer	Richard W. Miller is a political philosopher and the Wyn and William Y. Hutchinson Professor in Ethics and Public Life at Cornell University.	Richard W. Miller	Cornell University
employer	Ken Birman (born November 18, 1955) is a professor in the Department of Computer Science at Cornell University.	Ken Birman	Cornell University
employer	Adam Nathan is a technical author/speaker, and currently works as a software architect at Microsoft.	Adam Nathan	Microsoft
employer	Doris Betts (June 4, 1932 -- April 21, 2012) was a short story writer, novelist, essayist and Alumni Distinguished Professor Emerita at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Doris Betts	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Evelyn Lambart (23 July 1914 -- 3 April 1999) was a Canadian animator and technical director with the National Film Board of Canada, known for her early collaborations with Norman McLaren as well as her later films, as sole director.	Evelyn Lambart	National Film Board of Canada
employer	In 1950 they both moved to Nigeria, where Ulli Beier had been hired at the University of Ibadan to teach Phonetics.	Ulli Beier	University of Ibadan
employer	Willy Brandt (German pronunciation: (ˈvɪli ˈbʁant); born Herbert Ernst Karl Frahm; 18 December 1913 -- 8 October 1992) was a German statesman and politician, leader of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) from 1964 to 1987 and chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1969 to 1974.	Willy Brandt	Germany
employer	Arthur Twining Hadley (April 23, 1856 -- March 6, 1930, i/ˈhædliː/, HAD-lee) was an economist who served as President of Yale University from 1899 to 1921.	Arthur Twining Hadley	Yale University
employer	Bobby Fong (c. 1950 -- September 8, 2014) was an American academic and the President of Ursinus College in Collegeville, Pennsylvania.	Bobby Fong	Ursinus College
employer	Jody Armour is the Roy P. Crocker Professor of Law at the University of Southern California, where he specializes in race issues in legal decision-making.	Jody Armour	University of Southern California
employer	Silas Merritt Robertson (born April 27, 1948), known as Si Robertson and often referred to as ``Uncle Si'', is an American television personality, preacher, hunter, outdoorsman, retired U.S. Army soldier, and duck-call maker at Duck Commander.	Si Robertson	Duck Commander
employer	Michael Specter (born 1955) is an American journalist who has been a staff writer, focusing on science and technology, and global public health at The New Yorker since September 1998.	Michael Specter	The New Yorker
employer	Donald Quataert (September 10, 1941 -- February 10, 2011) was a Middle East/Ottoman historian at Binghamton University.	Donald Quataert	Binghamton University
employer	Roy Starrs (born 1946) is a British-Canadian scholar of Japanese literature and culture who teaches at the University of Otago in New Zealand.	Roy Starrs	University of Otago
employer	Nellie May Naylor (March 20, 1885 -- October 5, 1992) was a longtime chemistry professor at Iowa State University.	Nellie May Naylor	Iowa State University
employer	Louis M. Aucoin is the United Nations Secretary-General Deputy Special Representative (Rule of Law) for Liberia.	Louis M. Aucoin	United Nations
employer	Bernhard Schölkopf (born February 20, 1968) is a director at the Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems in Tübingen, Germany, where he heads the Department of Empirical Inference.	Bernhard Schölkopf	Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems
employer	Owsei Temkin (Belarusian: Аўсей Цемкін; October 6, 1902 -- July 18, 2002) was William H. Welch Professor Emeritus of the History of Medicine at Johns Hopkins University.	Owsei Temkin	Johns Hopkins University
founder	Incorporated on April 6, 2010, by Peter Ackerman and Kahlil Byrd, Americans Elect began recruiting delegates for its 2012 Presidential Primary in July 2011.	Americans Elect	Peter Ackerman
founder	CardRunners (also ``Card Runners'' and ``Cardrunners'') is an instructional poker site developed by Taylor Caby.	CardRunners	Taylor Caby
founder	GeekDad was started on March 15, 2007 by Wired editor Chris Anderson.	GeekDad	Chris Anderson
founder	Frank Karlitschek, a KDE software developer, started developing OwnCloud in January 2010, in order to provide a free software replacement to proprietary storage service providers.	OwnCloud	Frank Karlitschek
founder	The Indian Liberal Group is a think tank founded in 1965 by Minoo Masani, author and parliamentarian, to promote the libertarian point of view and educate the public on the concept of libertarianism.	Indian Liberal Group	Minoo Masani
founder	League for Programming Freedom (LPF) was founded in 1989 by Richard Stallman to unite free software developers as well as developers of proprietary software to fight against software patents and the extension of the scope of copyright.	League for Programming Freedom	Richard Stallman
founder	1492 Pictures is an American film production company founded by director Chris Columbus in 1995.	1492 Pictures	Chris Columbus
founder	Cebu Pacific is currently headed by Lance Gokongwei, presumptive heir of John Gokongwei, the chairman emeritus of JG Summit.	Cebu Pacific	John Gokongwei
founder	Elma Ina Lewis (September 15, 1921 -- January 1, 2004) was an American arts educator and the founder of the National Center of Afro-American Artists and The Elma Lewis School of Fine Arts.	Elma Lewis	National Center of Afro-American Artists
founder	Zuber & Cie, founded as Jean Zuber et Cie is a French Manufacture de Papier Peints et Tissus (French for: painted wallpaper and fabrics) company which claims to be the last factory in the world to produce woodblock printed wallpapers and furnishing fabrics.	Zuber & Cie	Jean Zuber
headquarters location	Modelwerk is a modeling agency based in Hamburg, Germany.	Modelwerk	Hamburg
headquarters location	After turnover in the executive staff, Maxtor decided it had made a mistake, and when Maxtor moved its headquarters to Milpitas, California, it gradually began to rebuild its engineering staff.	Maxtor	Milpitas
headquarters location	Puerto Rico Iron Works (founded as Porto Rico Iron Works) was a heavy industry iron foundry located in barrio La Playa in Ponce, Puerto Rico.	Puerto Rico Iron Works	Ponce
headquarters location	United Federal Credit Union (UFCU) is a federally chartered credit union based in St. Joseph, Michigan with a 60-year-plus history.	United Federal Credit Union	St. Joseph, Michigan
headquarters location	Pukka Pies is a manufacturer of pies based in Syston, Leicestershire, United Kingdom.	Pukka Pies	Leicestershire
headquarters location	The company later dropped the professional audio products and Altec Lansing Professional's Oklahoma City offices were closed in late 2006 and all remaining activities relocated to the Milford, Pennsylvania, headquarters.	Altec Lansing	Milford
headquarters location	Farfisa is a manufacturer of electronics based in Osimo, Italy.	Farfisa	Osimo
headquarters location	The Styria Media Group AG, often referred to as just Styria, is an Austrian media company founded in 1869 and based in Graz.	Styria Media Group	Graz
headquarters location	Estwing Manufacturing Company is a manufacturing company headquartered in Rockford, Illinois.	Estwing	Rockford
headquarters location	The Rajiv Gandhi Mahila Vikas Pariyojana (RGMVP) is the flagship programme of Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust, a registered non-profit institution, working for poverty reduction, women empowerment and rural development in Uttar Pradesh, India since 2002.	Rajiv Gandhi Mahila Vikas Pariyojana	Uttar Pradesh
instrument	Tony Hymas started as a chorister at the Exeter Cathedral and studied piano at the Royal Academy of Music.	Tony Hymas	piano
instrument	Tyshawn Sorey (b. July 8, 1980 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American musician and composer who plays drum set, percussion, trombone and piano.	Tyshawn Sorey	piano
instrument	Albert Burbank (March 25, 1902 -- August 15, 1976) was an American dixieland clarinet player.	Albert Burbank	clarinet
instrument	Harry Glantz (1 January 1896 -- 18 December 1982) was a trumpet player.	Harry Glantz	trumpet
instrument	Martín Méndez (born April 6, 1978 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is the bass guitar player of progressive death metal band Opeth and second most constant member of the band, behind lead vocalist, songwriter and guitarist Mikael Åkerfeldt.	Martín Méndez	bass guitar
instrument	Born in Philadelphia, Ray Bryant began playing the piano at the age of six, also performing on bass in junior high school.	Ray Bryant	piano
instrument	Dustin Wong is a Chinese/American guitarist formerly active in the art-rock band Ponytail and a former member of the experimental guitar duo, Ecstatic Sunshine (along with Matthew Papich).	Dustin Wong	guitar
instrument	Peppino D'Agostino was first drawn to the guitar after watching his cousin perform during church services in his hometown of Torino.	Peppino D'Agostino	guitar
instrument	Kai Fagaschinski (born July 10, 1974 in Dannenberg, Lower Saxony) is a Berlin based free improvisational clarinet player and composer.	Kai Fagaschinski	clarinet
instrument	Nassim Maalouf (Arabic: نسيم معلوف) (b. Kafarakab, Lebanon, 1941) is a classical trumpet soloist particularly known for his adaptation of the trumpet to Arabic music with the introduction of the quarter tones on the trumpet.	Nassim Maalouf	trumpet
instrument	Thorgeir Stubø (12 November 1943 - 22 October 1986) was a Norwegian jazz musician (guitar) and composer.	Thorgeir Stubø	guitar
instrument	Guard called his group Dave Guard and the Calypsonians, with a Weavers-style signature sound that was principally two guitars, a banjo, and rollicking vocals.	Dave Guard	banjo
instrument	Felippe Cioffi was a trombone soloist in the 19th century.	Felippe Cioffi	trombone
instrument	Yuri Naumov (Russian: Юрий Леонидович Наумов, born May 3, 1962, Sverdlovsk, USSR) is a poet, composer, singer and acoustic guitar player, a unique Russian bluesman.	Yuri Naumov	guitar
instrument	Annie Whitehead (born 16 July 1955 in Oldham, Lancashire) is an English jazz trombone player.	Annie Whitehead	trombone
instrument	Gabriel Merlino (born 1977) is one of the most important bandoneon players from the new generation.	Gabriel Merlino	bandoneon
instrument	Orhan Demir - guitar Neil Swainson - acoustic bass Barry Elmes - drums Rick Lazaroff - electric bass Jack Vorvis - drums	Orhan Demir	guitar
instrument	Jean Ritchie (December 8, 1922 -- June 1, 2015) was an American folk music singer, songwriter, and Appalachian dulcimer player.	Jean Ritchie	Appalachian dulcimer
instrument	Richard Iles (born 1962 in Birmingham) is a trumpet player and jazz composer.	Richard Iles	trumpet
instrument	Erling Møldrup (born 1943) is a Danish classical guitarist best known for championing Danish guitar music from all periods.	Erling Møldrup	guitar
instrument	Paulinho da Viola (born Paulo César Batista de Faria on November 12, 1942) (Portuguese pronunciation: (pawˈlĩɲʊ daviˈɔlɐ)) is a Brazilian sambista, singer/songwriter, guitar, cavaquinho and mandolin player, known for his sophisticated harmonies and soft, gentle singing voice.	Paulinho da Viola	guitar
instrument	Ronan Browne is an Irish musician and composer who plays the uilleann pipes.	Ronan Browne	uilleann pipes
instrument	Otto Sauter (born 1961) is a German trumpet soloist, who specializes on the piccolo trumpet .	Otto Sauter	trumpet
instrument	Sukumar Prasad is a South Indian guitarist who was the first Carnatic musician to play the south Indian musical art form of Carnatic music on the electric guitar.	Sukumar Prasad	guitar
instrument	Scott Law is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, and multi-instrumentalist known for his work with guitar and mandolin.	Scott Law	guitar
instrument	Al Caldwell is an R&B musician who mainly plays the bass guitar and banjo with the Travelling Black Hillbillies.	Al Caldwell	banjo
instrument	Miles Gilderdale (born in Kingston, Jamaica) is a member of smooth jazz group Acoustic Alchemy and plays the steel-string acoustic guitar and electric guitar.	Miles Gilderdale	guitar
instrument	Tim Sparks (born October 31, 1954) is an American acoustic guitar player, singer, arranger and composer.	Tim Sparks	guitar
instrument	Darius Brubeck has created music for all types of ensemble, large and small, and one of his recent pieces is now included in the Royal School's international Grade V piano syllabus.	Darius Brubeck	piano
instrument	Rob Eaton grew up in Vermont and was inspired to start playing guitar at the age of 12 after hearing the Grateful Dead's Europe '72.	Rob Eaton	guitar
instrument	Florizel von Reuter (21 January 1890 - 10 May 1985) was an American-born violinist and composer, a child prodigy who went on to an adult career, mainly in Germany, as distinguished soloist and teacher of violin.	Florizel von Reuter	violin
instrument	Daniel Esquivel is the simultaneous lead singer and accordion player of the popular Mexican norteño band, Los Rieleros del Norte.	Daniel Esquivel	accordion
instrument	Both Judith Lang Zaimont and her sister, Doris Lang Kosloff, began piano lessons with their mother, Bertha Lang, who was an accomplished pianist and singer.	Judith Lang Zaimont	piano
languages spoken or written	Alfred von Kiderlen-Waechter (10 July 1852 -- 30 December 1912, né Alfred Kiderlen) was a German diplomat and politician, who served as Foreign Secretary and head of the Foreign Office from 27 June 1910 to 30 December 1912.	Alfred von Kiderlen-Waechter	German
languages spoken or written	Jane Laurie Borthwick (9 April 1813, Edinburgh, Scotland; 7 September 1897, Edinburgh, Scotland) was hymn writer, translator of German hymns and a noble supporter of home and foreign missions.	Jane Laurie Borthwick	German
languages spoken or written	Filippo Baldinucci (1624 -- 1 January 1697) was an Italian art historian and biographer.	Filippo Baldinucci	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sami Järvi (born 18 July 1970), better known by his artist name Sam Lake ('Järvi' is Finnish for lake), is a Finnish writer who is known for his work on the popular Max Payne video game series and for writing Alan Wake.	Sam Lake	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Louis-Joseph Alcide Railliet (also known as Alcide Railliet, born March 11, 1852 at La Neuville-lès-Wasigny in the Ardennes - died December 25, 1930) was a French veterinarian and helminthologist.	Louis-Joseph Alcide Railliet	French
languages spoken or written	Frane Bulić (October 4, 1846 - July 29, 1934) was a Croatian priest, archaeologist, and historian.	Frane Bulić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Tulsi Chakraborty or Tulsi Chakrabarti (Bengali: তুলসী চক্রবর্তী; 3 March 1899 -- 11 December 1961) was an Indian actor and comedian who worked in Bengali cinema in 1940s and 1950s.	Tulsi Chakraborty	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Boleslaw Cybis (1895--1957) was a Polish painter, sculptor, and muralist.	Boleslaw Cybis	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ján Levoslav Bella (German Johann Leopold Bella; 4 September 1843 -- 25 May 1936) was a Slovak composer, conductor and music teacher, who wrote in the spirit of the Nationalist Romantic movement of the 19th century.	Ján Levoslav Bella	Slovak
languages spoken or written	William Young Ottley (6 August 1771 -- 26 May 1836) was an English collector of and writer on art, amateur artist, and Keeper of the Department of Prints and Drawings at the British Museum.	William Young Ottley	English
manufacturer	The PDP-10 is a discontinued mainframe computer family manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) from 1966 into the 1980s.	PDP-10	Digital Equipment Corporation
manufacturer	The Winchester Model 52 was a bolt-action .22-caliber target rifle introduced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company in 1920.	Winchester Model 52	Winchester Repeating Arms Company
manufacturer	The ESP8266 is a low-cost Wi-Fi chip with full TCP/IP stack and microcontroller capability produced by Shanghai-based Chinese manufacturer, Espressif Systems The chip first came to the attention of western makers in August 2014 with the ESP-01 module, made by a third-party manufacturer, AI-Thinker.	ESP8266	Espressif
manufacturer	The Aban Pearl was design by Aker H-3 and was built in 1977 by Far East Levingston Shipbuilding (now part of the Keppel Corporation) at the Levingston Singapore shipyard.	Aban Pearl	Keppel Corporation
manufacturer	The Commodore 16 is a home computer made by Commodore International with a 6502-compatible 7501 or 8501 CPU, released in 1984 and intended to be an entry-level computer to replace the VIC-20..	Commodore 16	Commodore International
manufacturer	The Hyundai Aero (hangul:현대 에어로) is a large coach built by the Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai Aero	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	The LAR-160 was designed in the late 1970s by Israel Military Industries, it was adopted by the Israeli Defense Forces in 1983	LAR-160	Israel Military Industries
manufacturer	ER1 electric trainset was manufactured by Rīgas Vagonbūves Rūpnīca between 1957 and 1962 for suburban commuting usage within the Soviet Union on lines electrified on 3000 V, DC.	ER1 electric trainset	Rīgas Vagonbūves Rūpnīca
manufacturer	The Lockheed C-5 Galaxy is a large military transport aircraft originally designed and built by Lockheed, and now maintained and upgraded by its successor, Lockheed Martin.	Lockheed C-5 Galaxy	Lockheed Martin
manufacturer	Senseo is a registered trademark for a coffee brewing system from Dutch companies Philips and Douwe Egberts.	Senseo	Philips
member of political party	Didier Burkhalter (born 17 April 1960 in Neuchâtel) is a Swiss politician of FDP.The Liberals.	Didier Burkhalter	FDP.The Liberals
member of political party	Mukat Behari Lal Bhargava (30 June 1903 -- 18 December 1980 in Jaipur) was an Indian politician, a member of the Indian National Congress political party and a member of the Lok Sabha from 1951 to 1967.	Mukat Behari Lal Bhargava	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Seamus Donovan McClelland (b. Toome, County Antrim, Northern Ireland, 14 January 1949) is a Protestant member of the mostly Catholic Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) in Northern Ireland.	Donovan McClelland	Social Democratic and Labour Party
member of political party	John N. Dennis (born February 25, 1933) is an American Republican Party politician and business executive who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1968 to 1974, and again from 1976 to 1978.	John N. Dennis	Republican Party
member of political party	Harmar Harmar-Nicholls, Baron Harmar-Nicholls (1 November 1912 -- 15 September 2000), known as Sir Harmar Nicholls, 1st Baronet, from 1960 to 1975, was a British Conservative Party politician.	Harmar Nicholls	Conservative Party
member of political party	Paula Björkqvist (3 January 1975 -- 17 July 2006) was a Finnish politician of the Centre Party in Jämsä.	Paula Björkqvist	Centre Party
member of political party	Tony McKenna (born 22 August 1939) is a former Fianna Fáil member of Seanad Éireann.	Tony McKenna	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Felipe Sapag (February 14, 1917 -- March 14, 2010) was an Argentine politician, governor of Neuquén Province on five occasions and a leading figure in the Neuquén People's Movement and the locally influential Sapag family.	Felipe Sapag	Neuquén People's Movement
member of political party	Majalli Wahabi (Hebrew: מגלי והבה‎, Arabic: مجلي وهبي‎, also spelled Majalli Wahbee, born 12 February 1954) is an Israeli Druze politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud, Kadima and Hatnuah between 2003 and 2013.	Majalli Wahabi	Likud
member of political party	Anne Valen Hestetun (26 October 1920 -- 30 December 2009) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and the Liberal People's Party.	Anne Valen Hestetun	Liberal Party
member of political party	Ole Stavad (born 1 June 1949, Ejersted) is a Danish politician representing the Social Democrats.	Ole Stavad	Social Democrats
member of political party	Livius Smitt (8 October 1840 -- 4 March 1890) was a Norwegian jurist and politician, joining the Conservative Party in 1884.	Livius Smitt	Conservative Party
member of political party	Louis DeLuca (born August 17, 1933) is a retired businessman and a Republican Party politician in the United States.	Louis DeLuca	Republican Party
member of political party	Sven Trygve Falck (born 9 March 1943) is a Norwegian engineer, businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.	Sven Trygve Falck	Conservative Party
member of political party	Arjun Narasingha K.C. (Nepali: अर्जुन नरसिंह केसी) (born 27 September 1947) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Nepali Congress.	Arjun Narasingha K.C.	Nepali Congress
member of political party	Joan Baldoví Roda (Valencian: (dʒuˈam baldoˈvi ˈrɔða); born Sueca, Valencia, 7 August 1958) is a Coalició Compromís politician, who has represented Valencia Province in the Congress of Deputies since 2011.	Joan Baldoví	Coalició Compromís
member of political party	Sachin Pilot (born 7 September 1977) is a politician and a member of the Indian National Congress.	Sachin Pilot	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Johnny Geoghegan (5 November 1913 -- 5 January 1975) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for more than twenty years.	Johnny Geoghegan	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Jane Hutt AM (born 15 December 1949) is a Welsh Labour politician and a Minister in the Welsh Government.	Jane Hutt	Welsh Labour
member of political party	Onorato Damen (4 December 1893 -- 14 October 1979), was an Italian left communist revolutionary who was first active in the Communist Party of Italy.	Onorato Damen	Communist Party of Italy
member of political party	James E. Malone, Jr. (born July 8, 1957) is an American politician from Maryland and a member of the Democratic Party.	James E. Malone, Jr.	Democratic Party
member of political party	John Sinclair, 1st Baron Pentland GCSI GCIE PC (7 July 1860 -- 11 January 1925) was a Scottish Liberal Party politician, soldier, peer, administrator and Privy Councillor who served as the Secretary of Scotland from 1905 to 1912 and the Governor of Madras from 1912 to 1919.	John Sinclair, 1st Baron Pentland	Liberal Party
member of political party	Jaime Mayor Oreja, (born 12 July 1951 in San Sebastián) is a Spanish politician who served as Interior Minister in the People's Party government of José María Aznar before resigning in February 2001 to stand for Basque President on 13 May 2001, a post he failed to win.	Jaime Mayor Oreja	People's Party
member of political party	Juan Peset was also an active member of a left-wing republican political party called Izquierda Republicana (Republican Left) and later became its president in Valencia.	Juan Peset	Republican Left
member of political party	Jamie Nicholls (born October 15, 1971) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 2011 election to represent the electoral district of Vaudreuil-Soulanges in Quebec as a member of the New Democratic Party.	Jamie Nicholls	New Democratic Party
member of political party	William Richard Fletcher-Vane, 2nd Baron Inglewood DL, usually called Richard Inglewood (born 31 July 1951) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Richard Fletcher-Vane, 2nd Baron Inglewood	Conservative Party
member of political party	Clemens Heereman von Zuydwyck was a German Centre Party parliamentarian.	Clemens Heereman von Zuydwyck	Centre Party
member of political party	Paula Teixeira da Cruz is a member of Social Democratic Party since 1995.	Paula Teixeira da Cruz	Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Rudolf Bachmann (August 10, 1925 Westheim -- March 27, 1998 Gunzenhausen) was a German politician, representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria.	Rudolf Bachmann	Christian Social Union of Bavaria
member of political party	Bakhytzhan Zhumagulov (born 18 August 1953) is a Kazakh politician who was Chairman of Otan and after renamed Nur Otan, the largest political party in Kazakhstan.	Bakhytzhan Zhumagulov	Nur Otan
member of political party	Sir Banja Tejan-Sie, GCMG (7 August 1917 -- 8 August 2000) was a politician and lawyer in Sierra Leone and one of the ``founding fathers'' of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP).	Banja Tejan-Sie	Sierra Leone People's Party
member of political party	Walter James Edwards (1900 -- 15 October 1964), known as Stoker Edwards or Wally Edwards, was a British Labour Party politician.	Stoker Edwards	Labour Party
member of political party	George Llewellen Palmer CB, TD (12 March 1857 -- 31 March 1932) was a British Conservative Party politician and British Army officer.	George Llewellen Palmer	Conservative Party
member of political party	Giannis Diamantidis (Greek: Γιάννης Διαμαντίδης, born in 1948 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement and the former Minister for Maritime Affairs, Islands and Fisheries of Greece.	Giannis Diamantidis	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	I. I. Chundrigar first came to prominence when the Muslim League was to give its response to the Government of India Act 1935.	I. I. Chundrigar	Muslim League
member of political party	Haque Nawaz Akhtar Chaudhry (born 23 July 1961) is a Pakistani-Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party and 4th Vice President (deputy speaker) of the Norwegian parliament.	Akhtar Chaudhry	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Su Su Nway (Burmese: စုစုနွေး; MLCTS: cu. cu. nwe:, IPA: (sṵ sṵ nwé); born 1971; also known as Su Su Nwe) is a Burmese democracy activist, political prisoner, and member of the National League for Democracy (NLD).	Su Su Nway	National League for Democracy
member of political party	Tore Lindbekk (born 8 April 1933) is a Norwegian sociologist and politician for the Conservative Party.	Tore Lindbekk	Conservative Party
member of political party	Jocelyn Davies (born 18 June 1959, Usk, Monmouthshire, Wales) is a Plaid Cymru politician and a member of the National Assembly of Wales, list member for South Wales East since 1999.	Jocelyn Davies	Plaid Cymru
member of political party	Mohamed Ag Najem (alias Ag Mohamed Najem, alternatively spelled Mahamed Ag Najim) is the chief of staff of the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad (MNLA) army.	Mohamed Ag Najem	National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad
member of political party	Pål Christian Roland (born 30 January 1967) is a Norwegian health administrator and politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	Pål Christian Roland	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Kiran Ghai (born 23 August 1949) is a national vice president of the Bharatiya Janata Party.	Kiran Ghai	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Samuel Forde Ridley (1864 -- 17 November 1944) was a British industrialist and Conservative Party politician.	Samuel Forde Ridley	Conservative Party
member of political party	Clyde Puli (born on September 13, 1969) is a Maltese Member of Parliament with the Nationalist Party, holding the position of Spokesperson for Family and Social Solidarity in the Opposition Shadow Cabinet.	Clyde Puli	Nationalist Party
member of political party	Prof. Annelie Lotriet MP is a South African politician, a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance (DA), and the Shadow Minister of Science and Technology.	Annelie Lotriet	Democratic Alliance
member of political party	Patrick Karney is a Labour Party local councillor for the ward of Harpurhey, in the city of Manchester, in North West England, with his current term being until 2012.	Patrick Karney	Labour Party
member of political party	Kirk W. Conover (born April 17, 1954) is an American Republican Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 2nd legislative district from 2003 to 2006.	Kirk W. Conover	Republican Party
member of political party	Kees Kok (born 1 December 1949) is a Dutch politician, he has been a member of the Senate for the Party for Freedom since 2 October 2012 and the Provincial-Council of Flevoland since 24 March 2011.	Kees Kok	Party for Freedom
member of political party	Kevin J. Ryan (born May 6, 1969) is a U.S. Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 36th legislative district.	Kevin J. Ryan	Democratic Party
member of political party	Gesine Schwan (born 22 May 1943) is a German political science professor and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.	Gesine Schwan	Social Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Oddmund Myklebust (21 April 1915 -- 14 September 1972) was a Norwegian fisher and politician for the Centre Party.	Oddmund Myklebust	Centre Party
member of political party	Marco Antonio Rigau Jiménez (born August 16, 1946) is a Puerto Rican politician and attorney affiliated to the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).	Marco Antonio Rigau	Popular Democratic Party
member of political party	Vani Tripathi is former national secretary of Bharatiya Janata Party and an Indian actor who has acted in films like Chalte Chalte and Dushman.	Vani Tripathi	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	As Gore Vidal, he was a Democratic Party politician who twice sought elected office; first to the United States House of Representatives (New York State, 1960), then to the U.S. Senate (California, 1982).	Gore Vidal	Democratic Party
member of political party	William Jennings Bryan (March 19, 1860 -- July 26, 1925) was an American orator and politician from Nebraska, and a dominant force in the populist wing of the Democratic Party, standing three times as the Party's candidate for President of the United States (1896, 1900 and 1908).	William Jennings Bryan	Democratic Party
member of political party	Maarten Vrolijk (14 May 1919, Scheveningen -- 7 February 1994, The Hague) was a Dutch journalist, poet, and politician of the Labour Party (PvdA).	Maarten Vrolijk	Labour Party
member of political party	Márton Gyöngyösi (Gyöngyösi Márton) is a Hungarian politician and one of the leaders of the Hungarian nationalist political party Jobbik.	Márton Gyöngyösi	Jobbik
member of political party	Lola Voronina (Russian: Лола Воронина; born 26 November 1983) is a Russian politician of the Pirate Party of Russia (PPRU), and has been beside the Russian born German Grégory Engels of the Pirate Party Germany co-chairperson of Pirate Parties International (PPI) since 15 April 2012.	Lola Voronina	Pirate Party of Russia
member of political party	Antoine Waechter is a French politician, leader of the Independent Ecological Movement, born on February 11, 1949 in Mulhouse (Haut-Rhin)	Antoine Waechter	Independent Ecological Movement
member of political party	Shri Virendra Bhatia (April 22, 1947 -- May 24, 2010) was a politician from the Samajwadi Party and a Member of the Parliament of India representing Uttar Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	Virendra Bhatia	Samajwadi Party
member of political party	Horst Köhler (German: (ˈhɔɐ̯st ˈkøːlɐ); born 22 February 1943) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union.	Horst Köhler	Christian Democratic Union
member of political party	Carlos M. García Zambrana (born August 22, 1983) is minority spokesman for the Puerto Rican Independence Party as an elected official for the San Germán, Puerto Rico municipal assembly.	Carlos M. García Zambrana	Puerto Rican Independence Party
member of political party	Raj Kishore Kesri (died 2011) was an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party in Bihar.	Raj Kishore Kesri	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Ioannis Tsoukalas (Greek: Ιωάννης Τσουκαλάς) is a Greek politician and Member of the European Parliament for New Democracy; part of the European People's Party.	Ioannis Tsoukalas	New Democracy
member of political party	Joseph Suliga (October 1, 1958 -- February 18, 2005) was an American Democratic Party politician, who served in the New Jersey State Senate, where he represented the 22nd Legislative District, until 2004.	Joseph Suliga	Democratic Party
member of political party	(Char-)Lotta Hedström, earlier Nilsson Hedström, (born 13 September 1955 in Stockholm) is a Swedish Green Party politician.	Lotta Hedström	Green Party
member of political party	Mirko Marjanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирко Марјановић, pronounced (mǐːrko marjǎːnoʋit͡ɕ); 27 July 1937 -- 21 February 2006) was a former Prime Minister of Serbia from 1994 to 2000 and a high-ranking official in Slobodan Milošević's Socialist Party of Serbia (SPS).	Mirko Marjanović	Socialist Party of Serbia
member of political party	Mullah Mohammad Rabbani Akhund (1955 -- 15 April 2001) was one of the main founders of the Taliban movement.	Mohammad Rabbani	Taliban
member of political party	Lena Olsson (kan heta Anna Karlsson också (born 1958) is a Swedish Left Party politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006. She was also a member from 1998 to 2002.	Lena Olsson	Left Party
member of political party	Lewis Henry Isaacs (3 January 1830 -- 17 October 1908) was an English architect and surveyor and a Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892.	Lewis Henry Isaacs	Conservative Party
member of political party	Jean-Jacques De Gucht (born 9 December 1983 in Munich) is a Flemish politician and member of Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats.	Jean-Jacques De Gucht	Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats
member of political party	Santiago Creel Miranda (Spanish pronunciation: (sanˈtjaɣo kɾil miˈɾanda); born on 11 December 1954) is a Mexican senator representing the centre-right National Action Party who served as Secretary of the Interior in the cabinet of President Vicente Fox.	Santiago Creel	National Action Party
member of political party	Iyyunni Chalakka is Indian National Congress politician from Thrissur City in Kerala, India.	Iyyunni Chalakka	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Margaret McCulloch (born 9 May 1952) is a Scottish politician, who has served as the Scottish Labour Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Central Scotland region since 2011.	Margaret McCulloch	Scottish Labour Party
member of political party	Ciarán Cannon (born 19 September 1965) is an Irish politician and a Fine Gael Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway East constituency since the 2011 general election.	Ciarán Cannon	Fine Gael
member of political party	Cem Toker (born July 5, 1957), is a Turkish politician and the new leader of Liberal Democratic Party of Turkey (Turkish: Liberal Demokrat Parti, LDP).	Cem Toker	Liberal Democratic Party
member of political party	Farrand Stewart Stranahan (February 2, 1842 -- July 13, 1904) was an American Civil War veteran, a railroad executive, a banker, and a U.S. politician of the Republican Party.	Farrand Stewart Stranahan	Republican Party
member of political party	Eveline Hill, JP (née Ridyard; 16 April 1898 -- 22 September 1973) was a British catering business manager and Conservative Party politician.	Eveline Hill	Conservative Party
member of political party	Øivin Skappel Fjeldstad (born 6 February 1936) is a Norwegian banker and politician for the Conservative Party.	Øivin Skappel Fjeldstad	Conservative Party
member of political party	Susan Westrom (born May 15, 1952) is a Democratic Party member of the Kentucky House of Representatives, representing District 79 since 1998.	Susan Westrom	Democratic Party
member of political party	Michele Reinhart is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 97 since 2007.Her political views include:	Michele Reinhart	Democratic Party
member of political party	Edmund Buckley (born 1815) was a British Conservative Party politician.	Edmund Buckley (born 1815)	Conservative Party
member of political party	Lawrence Cunliffe (born 25 March 1929) is a retired British Labour Party politician.	Lawrence Cunliffe	Labour Party
member of political party	Suresh Angadi (Kannada: ಸುರೇಶ್ ಅಂಗಡಿ) (1 June 1955 in Belgaum) is a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party in Karnataka.	Suresh Angadi	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Thampanoor Ravi (Malayalam:തമ്പാനൂര്‍ രവി) (born November 26, 1949 in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala) is an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress party and former Kerala MLA representing the Neyyattinkara constituency of Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India.	Thampanoor Ravi	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Mona Jönsson (1951--) is a Swedish Green Party politician.	Mona Jönsson	Green Party
member of political party	Maria Farantouri was an elected member of the Greek Parliament from 1989-1993 representing the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK).	Maria Farantouri	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	Peter Borthwick (1804 -- 18 December 1852) was a British Conservative Party politician and newspaper editor.	Peter Borthwick	Conservative Party
member of political party	George Iain Duncan Smith (born 9 April 1954), often referred to by his initials IDS, is a British Conservative Party politician.	Iain Duncan Smith	Conservative Party
member of political party	Alexander Alan Craig is a British political campaigner who was leader of the Christian Peoples Alliance from 2004 to 2013.	Alan Craig	Christian Peoples Alliance
member of political party	Lahcen Haddad (Arabic: لحسن حداد‎ - born 16 March 1960, Boujad) is a Moroccan politician of the Popular Movement.	Lahcen Haddad	Popular Movement
member of political party	Jon A. Husted (born August 25, 1967) is an American politician of the Republican Party who currently serves as Ohio Secretary of State.	Jon A. Husted	Republican Party
member of political party	Li Zongren or Li Tsung-jen (Chinese: 李宗仁; 13 August 1890 -- 30 January 1969), courtesy name Delin (Te-lin; 德鄰), was a prominent Guangxi warlord and Kuomintang (KMT) military commander during the Northern Expedition, Second Sino-Japanese War and Chinese Civil War.	Li Zongren	Kuomintang
member of political party	Torill Selsvold Nyborg (born 23 February 1952) is a Norwegian nurse, missionary and politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	Torill Selsvold Nyborg	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Jyoti Basu (Bengali: জ্যোতি বসু; 8 July 1914 -- 16 January 2010); or Jyotirindra Basu was an Indian politician belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist) from West Bengal, India.	Jyoti Basu	Communist Party of India (Marxist
member of political party	Doug Stoner, a member of the Democratic Party, is a former state senator from Georgia and a candidate to be chairman of the Georgia Democratic Party.	Doug Stoner	Democratic Party
member of political party	Sydney Cope Morgan MBE QC (25 October 1887 -- 14 October 1967), was a British barrister and Liberal Party politician.	Sydney Cope Morgan	Liberal Party
member of political party	Anne Marie Morris (born 5 July 1957, London) is a British Conservative Party politician, who was elected at the 2010 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Newton Abbot.	Anne Marie Morris	Conservative Party
member of political party	Du Yuming (Chinese: 杜聿明; pinyin: Dù Yùmíng; 1904--1981) was a Kuomintang field commander.	Du Yuming	Kuomintang
member of political party	Allan Rocher (born 16 February 1936), Australian politician, is a former Liberal Party of Australia Senator for Western Australia from 1978 to 1981 and member of the Australian House of Representatives Division of Curtin from 1981 to 1998.	Allan Rocher	Liberal Party
member of political party	Ebba Busch Thor, born Ebba-Elisabeth Busch-Christensen, (born 11 February 1987) is a Swedish politician of the Christian Democrats.	Ebba Busch Thor	Christian Democrats
member of political party	Terence Patrick Dicks (born 17 March 1937), commonly known as Terry Dicks, is a former British Conservative Party politician.	Terry Dicks	Conservative Party
member of political party	Shri Richpal Singh Mirdha (श्री रिछपाल सिंह मिर्धा) is a senior Indian National Congress leader in Rajasthan and a member of the Mirdha political dynasty.	Richpal Singh Mirdha	Indian National Congress
member of political party	George Frederic Stewart Bowles (17 November 1877 -- 1 January 1955) was a British Conservative Party politician and barrister.	George Frederic Stewart Bowles	Conservative Party
member of political party	András Schiffer (born 19 June 1971 in Budapest) is a Hungarian politician and lawyer, co-President of the Politics Can Be Different and leader of its parliamentary group.	András Schiffer	Politics Can Be Different
member of political party	Mohammed Saleh is a retired Major General and the current Senator for Kaduna Central, in Kaduna State, Nigeria, elected in the 9 April 2011 national elections on the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) ticket.	Mohammed Saleh	Congress for Progressive Change
member of political party	Jeremiah Morrow (October 6, 1771 -- March 22, 1852) was a Democratic-Republican Party politician from Ohio.	Jeremiah Morrow	Democratic-Republican Party
member of political party	Christian Tybring-Gjedde (born 8 August 1963) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party, and former senior civil servant.	Christian Tybring-Gjedde	Progress Party
member of sports team	After being signed permanently, Celsinho moved on loan to fellow league club C.F. Estrela da Amadora to gain more first-team experience.	Celsinho	C.F. Estrela da Amadora
member of sports team	Brenton Miels (12 January 1948 -- 19 October 1997) was an Australian rules footballer who played with the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from 1969 to 1970 whilst serving national service with the Australian Army.	Brenton Miels	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Richard Massolin (born on February 21, 1976) is a French footballer who is a defender plays for AS Yzeure.	Richard Massolin	AS Yzeure
member of sports team	Sulaiman Abdulghafour is a goalkeeper in Al Arabi SC and Kuwait national football team holding number 22 and 23 in the national team.	Sulaiman Abdulghafour	Al Arabi SC
member of sports team	Laughter Chilembe (born 25 November 1975) is a Zambian footballer, who currently plays for Power Dynamos F.C..	Laughter Chilembe	Power Dynamos F.C.
member of sports team	Lorenzo Styles (born January 31, 1974) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for six seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and St. Louis Rams, and spent half a season as the Head Coach of the Marion Blue Racers.	Lorenzo Styles	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Nicolas Puydebois (born February 28, 1981 in Bron, Rhône) is a French goalkeeper currently playing for Nîmes Olympique.	Nicolas Puydebois	Nîmes Olympique
member of sports team	On 12 September 2010 Edmílson scored his first goal for Zaragoza, who lost 3--5 at home against Málaga CF. In June 2011, after having contributed with only 12 games to the club's final escape from relegation, he returned to his country and joined Ceará Sporting Club.	Edmílson	Ceará Sporting Club
member of sports team	Estus Hood (born November 14, 1955 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) was an American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers.	Estus Hood	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Martin Hochertz (born October 21, 1968 in Cary, Illinois) was an American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons, the Washington Redskins, and the Miami Dolphins.	Martin Hochertz	Atlanta Falcons	Washington Redskins	Miami Dolphins
military branch	Brigadier General Antonio Maldonado (born 1941), was an officer of the United States Air Force, who in 1967 became the youngest pilot and Aircraft Commander of a B-52 Stratofortress nuclear bomber.	Antonio Maldonado	United States Air Force
military branch	James F. Merton (1845 - 1900) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Korean Expedition in 1871.	James F. Merton	United States Navy
military branch	Colonel Henry John Sweeney MC (1 June 1919 -- 4 June 2001), known as Tod Sweeney, was an officer of the British Army.	Tod Sweeney	British Army
military branch	Susan K. Mashiko is a retired United States Air Force major general who served as the Deputy Director, National Reconnaissance Office, Chantilly, Virginia.	Susan K. Mashiko	United States Air Force
military branch	David D. McKiernan (born December 11, 1950) is a retired United States Army four-star general who served in Afghanistan as Commander, International Security Assistance Force (ISAF).	David D. McKiernan	United States Army
military branch	Phoebe Hessel, née Smith (March 1713 -- 12 December 1821) was best known for disguising herself as a man to serve in the British Army, probably to be with her lover, Samuel Golding.	Phoebe Hessel	British Army
military branch	John Fitzhardinge Paul Butler VC, DSO (20 December 1888 -- 5 September 1916) was a British Army officer during the First World War and an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	John Fitzhardinge Paul Butler	British Army
military branch	James Campbell Clouston (31 August 1900 -- 3 June 1940) was a Canadian officer of the British Royal Navy, who acted as pier-master during the Dunkirk evacuation, and who was lost when his motor launch was sunk by enemy aircraft.	James Campbell Clouston	Royal Navy
military branch	William Halford (August 18, 1841 -- February 7, 1919) was a sailor, and later an officer, in the United States Navy.	William Halford	United States Navy
military branch	Ted H. Scroggins was born in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, on 13 September 1918 and enlisted in the United States Navy on 7 December 1939.	Ted H. Scroggins	United States Navy
mother	In Greek mythology, Melicertes (ancient Greek Μελικέρτης, sometimes Melecertes, later called Palaemon Παλαίμων) is the son of the Boeotian prince Athamas and Ino, daughter of Cadmus.	Melicertes	Ino
mother	Prince Carl Christian of Hohenzollern (German: Carl Christian Friedrich Johannes Meinrad Maria Hubertus Edmund Prinz von Hohenzollern) (born 5 April 1962) is the eldest child of Prince Johann Georg of Hohenzollern and of his wife Princess Birgitta of Sweden, sister of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden.	Prince Carl Christian of Hohenzollern	Princess Birgitta of Sweden
mother	Ratul Shankar is the great-grandson of Shyam Shankar Chowdhury, grandson of Uday Shankar, grand nephew of Ravi Shankar, son of Mamata Shankar and nephew of singers Anoushka Shankar and Norah Jones.	Ratul Shankar	Mamata Shankar
mother	Irena Kosíková was born in Prague into the intellectual family of the prohibited philosopher Karel Kosík and literary scientist Růžena Grebeníčková, the Herder prize laureate.	Irena Kosíková	Růžena Grebeníčková
mother	Timothy Shriver was born to Sargent Shriver, a former United States Ambassador to France and the Democratic Party's vice-presidential candidate in 1972, and Eunice Kennedy Shriver, the founder of Special Olympics.	Timothy Shriver	Eunice Kennedy Shriver
mother	Princess Marie of Hanover (German: Marie Ernestine Josephine Adolphine Henrietta Theresa Elizabeth Alexandrina Prinzessin von Hannover und Cumberland; 2 December 1849 -- 4 June 1904) was the younger daughter of King George V of Hanover and of his wife, Princess Marie of Saxe-Altenburg.	Princess Marie of Hanover	Marie of Saxe-Altenburg
mother	Sarah Chayes is the daughter of the late law professor and Kennedy administration member Abram Chayes and lawyer and former Undersecretary of the U.S. Air Force Antonia Handler Chayes.	Sarah Chayes	Antonia Handler Chayes
mother	Prince Nicolas of Belgium (Nicolas Casimir Marie; born 13 December 2005) is the second child of Prince Laurent and Princess Claire of Belgium.	Prince Nicolas of Belgium	Princess Claire of Belgium
mother	Allison Hirschlag is the daughter of long-time actress Julia Barr of All My Children.	Allison Hirschlag	Julia Barr
mother	Cypselus, the son of Eëtion and a disfigured woman named Labda, who was a member of the Bacchiad family, the ruling dynasty, usurped power, became tyrant and expelled the Bacchiadae.	Cypselus	Labda
mouth of the watercourse	The White Ernz (Luxembourgish: Wäiss Iernz, French: Ernz blanche, German: Weiße Ernz) is a river flowing through Luxembourg, joining the Sauer at Reisdorf.	White Ernz	Sauer
mouth of the watercourse	The Mornos empties into the Gulf of Corinth about 3 km southeast of Nafpaktos.	Mornos	Gulf of Corinth
mouth of the watercourse	The Blees is a river flowing through Luxembourg, joining the Sauer at Bleesbruck.	Blees	Sauer
mouth of the watercourse	Formed by the confluence of the Bedford and Glen Erskine creeks, the Erskine Creek (officially designated a river) rises below Mount Erskine, between Bullaburra and Wentworth Falls, and flows generally south, north-east, and east, before reaching its confluence with the Nepean River, near Mulgoa.	Erskine Creek	Nepean River
mouth of the watercourse	The Kabul River (Persian/Urdu: دریای کابل‎; Pashto: کابل سیند‎, Sanskrit: कुभा ), the classical Cophes /ˈkoʊfiːz/, is a 700-kilometre (430 mi) long river that emerges in the Sanglakh Range of the Hindu Kush mountains in Afghanistan and empties into the Indus River near Attock, Pakistan.	Kabul River	Indus River
mouth of the watercourse	As one of the few designated safe harbours on the city side of the bay, the Patterson River is the most popular boating gateway to Port Phillip Bay.	Patterson River	Port Phillip Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Llano River (/ˈlænoʊ/ LAN-oh) is a tributary of the Colorado River, approximately 105 miles (169 km) long, in central Texas in the United States.	Llano River	Colorado River
mouth of the watercourse	The Ennepe is a river and a left tributary of the Volme in Northern Sauerland, Germany.	Ennepe	Volme
mouth of the watercourse	Oban River rises below Mount Duncan, Great Dividing Range on the slopes of the Great Dividing Range, within Little Llangothlin Lake, north of Guyra, and flows generally north-east towards its confluence with the Sara River, within Guy Fawkes River National Park and Chaelundi National Park.	Oban River	Sara River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tungabhadra River is a river in southern India that starts and flows through the state of Karnataka during most of its course, before flowing along the border between Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh and ultimately joining the Krishna River along the border of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.	Tungabhadra River	Krishna River
mouth of the watercourse	Nambucca River rises below Killiekrankie Mountain on the Dorrigo Plateau, part of the Great Dividing Range, and flows generally east southeast, joined by four tributaries including Taylors Arm, before reaching its mouth at the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean, at Nambucca Heads.	Nambucca River	Tasman Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Sangha River, a tributary of the Congo River, is located in Central Africa.	Sangha River	Congo River
mouth of the watercourse	The Pelotas River (Portuguese, Rio Pelotas) (Portuguese pronunciation: (peˈlɔtɐs)) is a river in southern Brazil, and a tributary of the Uruguay River.	Pelotas River	Uruguay River
mouth of the watercourse	Part of the Po basin, it is a left tributary of the Dora Riparia and forms the valley called the Val Cenischia which marks the boundary between the Graian Alps to the north and the Cottian Alps to the south.	Cenischia	Dora Riparia
mouth of the watercourse	Murrumbidgee River (/mʌrəmˈbɪdʒi/), a major tributary of the Murray River within the Murray--	Murrumbidgee River	Murray River
mouth of the watercourse	The Ille (French pronunciation: ​(il)) is a small river in Brittany, France, right tributary of the river Vilaine.	Ille	Vilaine
mouth of the watercourse	The Oglio (Italian: (ˈɔʎʎo); Latin Ollius, or Olius; Lombard Òi) is a left-side tributary of the Po River in Lombardy, Italy.	Oglio	Po
mouth of the watercourse	Tatarka River (Russian: Татарка) is a river in Perm Krai, Russia, a right bank tributary of the Babka River, which in turn is a tributary of the Sylva River.	Tatarka River	Babka River
mouth of the watercourse	The Chuya River (Russian: Чуя) is a river in the Altai Republic in Russia, a right tributary of the Katun River (Ob's basin).	Chuya River	Katun River
mouth of the watercourse	The Luama River is a tributary of the Lualaba River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Luama River	Lualaba River
mouth of the watercourse	The Huveaune rises in the Castelette cave at 590 metres (1,940 ft) in the Sainte-Baume mountain range, and discharges into the Mediterranean Sea at Marseille.	Huveaune	Mediterranean Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Adar River (or Khor Adar), known to the Dinka as the Yal, is a tributary of the White Nile in the state of Upper Nile, South Sudan.	Adar River	White Nile
mouth of the watercourse	Bilgola Creek rises about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) west of Bilgola Head and flows generally east by south, from the Bilgola Escarpment through Littoral rainforest, coastal woodland and coastal clay heath communities directly out onto Bilgola Beach and into the Tasman Sea.	Bilgola Creek	Tasman Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Nattai River rises on the Mittagong Range within the Great Dividing Range, south of Mittagong, and flows generally north northwest and then north northeast, joined by nine tributaries including the Little River, before reaching its confluence with the Wollondilly River within Lake Burragorang southwest of the locality of Nattai.	Nattai River	Lake Burragorang
mouth of the watercourse	The Birim River is one of the main tributaries of the Pra River in Ghana and the country's most important diamond-producing area, flowing through most of the width of the Eastern region.	Birim River	Pra River
mouth of the watercourse	Walcrow River rises within the Tia Range on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, below Mount Carrington, south southeast of Walcha and flows generally southeast by south, before reaching its confluence with the Cooplacurripa River, north of Giro, northwest of Taree.	Walcrow River	Cooplacurripa River
mouth of the watercourse	The Drwęca (ˈdrvɛnt͡sa) (German: Drewenz, Lithuanian: Druvinčia) is a river in northern Poland and a tributary of the Vistula river near Toruń, forming a part of the city's administrative boundary.	Drwęca	Vistula
mouth of the watercourse	The Jagst (German pronunciation: (ˈjakst)) is a right tributary of the Neckar in northern Baden-Württemberg.	Jagst	Neckar
named after	The Higgs boson is named after Peter Higgs, one of six physicists who, in 1964, proposed the mechanism that suggested the existence of such a particle.	Higgs boson	Peter Higgs
named after	The name ``Nicaragua'' was coined by Spanish colonists based on the name ``Nicarao'', chief of the most populous indigenous tribe.	Nicaragua	Nicarao
named after	Helix Producer 1 is a ship-shaped monohull floating production and offloading vessel, converted from the ferry MV Karl Carstens.	Helix Producer 1	Karl Carstens
named after	In mathematics, the Cauchy condensation test, named after Augustin-Louis Cauchy, is a standard convergence test for infinite series.	Cauchy condensation test	Augustin-Louis Cauchy
named after	Lutheranism is a major branch of Protestant Christianity that identifies with the theology of Martin Luther (1483-1546) -- a German friar, ecclesiastical reformer and theologian.	Lutheranism	Martin Luther
named after	Ullmannite was named for German chemist and mineralogist, Johann Christoph Ullmann (1771--1821), one of the fathers of systematic mineralogy.	Ullmannite	Johann Christoph Ullmann
named after	The name of the town, ``Al-Malikiyah'', is named after a Syrian army officer Adnan al-Malki.	Al-Malikiyah	Adnan al-Malki
named after	Thórsmörk (Icelandic: Þórsmörk, (listen) ) is a mountain ridge in Iceland that was named after the Norse god Thor (Þórr).	Thórsmörk	Thor
named after	Festa Junina (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈfɛstɐ ʒuˈnĩnɐ), June Festival), also known as festa de São João for their part in celebrating the nativity of St. John the Baptist, are the annual Brazilian celebrations historically related to European Midsummer that take place in the beginning of the Brazilian winter.	Festa Junina	John the Baptist
named after	The Museu d'Art Jaume Morera (Jaume Morera Art Museum) is a museum in Lleida (Catalonia) created by the Diputació de Lleida and the Lleida City Council (La Paeria) with the collaboration of the painter Jaume Morera i Galícia.	Museu d'Art Jaume Morera	Jaume Morera i Galícia
named after	In mathematics, the Poincaré duality theorem, named after Henri Poincaré, is a basic result on the structure of the homology and cohomology groups of manifolds.	Poincaré duality	Henri Poincaré
named after	The Cannizzaro reaction, named after its discoverer Stanislao Cannizzaro, is a chemical reaction that involves the base-induced disproportionation of an aldehyde lacking a hydrogen atom in the alpha position.	Cannizzaro reaction	Stanislao Cannizzaro
named after	Igbo art (Igbo: Ǹkà Igbo) is any body of visual art originating from the Igbo people.	Igbo art	Igbo people
named after	The Görres Society was founded on 25 January 1876 in Koblenz by Catholic scientists and writers as the Görres-Gesellschaft zur Pflege der katholischen Wissenschaften in honour of Joseph Görres to advance Roman Catholic studies.	Görres Society	Joseph Görres
named after	Lister Cars is a British sports car manufacturer founded by Brian Lister in 1954 in Cambridge, England, which became known for its involvement in motorsport.	Lister Cars	Brian Lister
named after	Hall Basin is named after American polar explorer Charles Francis Hall.	Hall Basin	Charles Francis Hall
named after	The 9K111 Fagot (Russian: 9K111 ``Фагот''; English meaning of the word: ``bassoon'') is a second-generation tube-launched SACLOS wire-guided anti-tank missile system of the Soviet Union for use from ground or vehicle mounts.	9K111 Fagot	bassoon
named after	Kleetopes are named after Victor Klee.	Kleetope	Victor Klee
named after	7529 Vagnozzi (1994 BC) is a main-belt asteroid, whose name is dedicated to Antonio Vagnozzi, an amateur Italian astronomer, a prolific discoverer of asteroids at Santa Lucia Stroncone Astronomical Observatory in Stroncone, Italy.	7529 Vagnozzi	Antonio Vagnozzi
named after	In mathematics, the syzygetic pencil or Hesse pencil, named for Otto Hesse, is a pencil (one-dimensional family) of cubic plane elliptic curves in the complex projective plane, defined by the equation \lambda(x^3+y^3+z^3) + \mu xyz =0.	Hesse pencil	Otto Hesse
named after	After the group signed to Island Records the label suggested they change their name from Legacy to Dru Hill after Druid Hill Park, a popular park on the West side of Baltimore, the name of which is pronounced ``Dru Hill'' in the local Baltimore accent.	Dru Hill	Druid Hill Park
named after	Tito & Tarantula is an American chicano rock/stoner rock band formed in Hollywood California in 1992 by singer/songwriter/guitarist Tito Larriva.	Tito & Tarantula	Tito Larriva
named after	Goethite (FeO(OH)), (/ˈɡɜrtaɪt/ GUR-tite) named after the German polymath and poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1749--1832), an iron bearing hydroxide mineral of the diaspore group, is found in soil and other low-temperature environments.	Goethite	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
named after	Siouxland is a vernacular region that encompasses the entire Big Sioux River drainage basin in the U.S. states of South Dakota, Minnesota, Nebraska and Iowa.	Siouxland	Big Sioux River
named after	Riddarholmsbron (Swedish: ``The Knights Islet bridge'') is a bridge in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden, leading from the square Riddarhustorget on Stadsholmen to the smaller neighbouring island Riddarholmen.	Riddarholmsbron	Riddarholmen
named after	Varignon's theorem is a statement in Euclidean geometry by Pierre Varignon that was first published in 1731.	Varignon's theorem	Pierre Varignon
named after	In mathematics, a Fermat number, named after Pierre de Fermat who first studied them, is a positive integer of the form F--(n) = 2^((2^n)) + 1 where n is a nonnegative integer.	Fermat number	Pierre de Fermat
named after	In 1844, Joseph Liouville showed that all Liouville numbers are transcendental, thus establishing the existence of transcendental numbers for the first time.	Liouville number	Joseph Liouville
named after	Chlorargyrite is the mineral form of silver chloride (AgCl).	Chlorargyrite	silver
named after	The Rheinpark (meaning: Rhine park) is a 40 hectare (0,4 km²) large urban park along the right bank of the River Rhine in Cologne, Germany.	Rheinpark	Rhine
native language	Peer Steinbrück (born 10 January 1947) is a German social democratic (SPD) politician.	Peer Steinbrück	German
native language	Dominique Venner (French: (vɛnɛʁ); 16 April 1935 -- 21 May 2013) was a French historian, journalist and essayist.	Dominique Venner	French
native language	Heinrich Albertz (22 January 1915 -- 18 May 1993) was a German Protestant theologian, priest and politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD).	Heinrich Albertz	German
native language	Marius Moutet (19 April 1876 -- 29 October 1968) was a French Socialist diplomat and colonial adviser.	Marius Moutet	French
native language	Pierrette Fleutiaux (1941, Guéret) is a French writer.	Pierrette Fleutiaux	French
native language	Thierry Sandre (real name Charles Moulié) (9 May 1891 in Bayonne -- 1950) was a French writer, poet, essayist.	Thierry Sandre	French
native language	Gina Manès (7 April 1893 -- 6 September 1989) was a French film actress and a major star of French silent cinema.	Gina Manès	French
native language	Barbara Schulz (born 1972) is a French actress who won the Prix Suzanne Bianchetti in 2001.	Barbara Schulz	French
native language	Jean-Pierre de Peretti Della Rocca (26 June 1930; Switzerland--8 October 2001, Tours, France) was a Swiss-born French Union for French Democracy politician.	Jean-Pierre de Peretti Della Rocca	French
native language	Hendrik Marsman (30 September 1899, in Zeist -- 21 June 1940, in Gulf of Biscay) was a Dutch poet and writer.	Hendrik Marsman	Dutch
occupation	Róbert Rácz (born December 31, 1967) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Hajdú-Bihar County Regional List from 2002 to 2014, and from his party's national list for a short time in 2014.	Róbert Rácz	politician
occupation	Frank Coppuck is a British engineer and racing car designer, who helped design the Pacific PR01 and PR02 Formula One cars.	Frank Coppuck	engineer
occupation	P. K. Jayalakshmi is an Indian politician and the current Minister for Welfare of Backward Communities in the state Government of Kerala.	P. K. Jayalakshmi	politician
occupation	In an important qualification match on 20 August 1997, Germany trailed Northern Ireland, 0--1, with 20 minutes left when the manager of the national team, Berti Vogts, decided to send in Thomas Häßler and Oliver Bierhoff.	Oliver Bierhoff	manager
occupation	Vjekoslav Rosenberg-Ružić (April 29, 1870 -- February 16, 1954) was Croatian Jewish composer, conductor and music educator.	Vjekoslav Rosenberg-Ružić	composer	conductor
occupation	Michael Essa is an American Drifter and racing driver who competes in the Formula D series, winning the championship in 2013 in a BMW M3.	Michael Essa	racing driver
occupation	Robert Autry Inman (January 6, 1929 -- September 6, 1988), was an American country and rockabilly musician.	Autry Inman	musician
occupation	Omar Avila is a Cuban-American actor who appeared in the films Once Upon A Wedding and The Punisher.	Omar Avila	actor
occupation	R. D. Robb (born March 31, 1972) is an American actor who appeared as Schwartz in the 1983 film A Christmas Story.	R. D. Robb	actor
occupation	Andrew Starykowicz (born April 14, 1982) is an American professional long-distance triathlete from Chicago, Illinois.	Andrew Starykowicz	triathlete
occupation	Toni Preckwinkle (née Reed; March 17, 1947) is the current Cook County Board President and a former alderman in the Chicago City Council representing Chicago's 4th ward in Cook County, Illinois, United States.	Toni Preckwinkle	alderman
occupation	Kanji Daramy is a Sierra Leonean journalist and was the spokesman for former Sierra Leone's president Ahmad Tejan Kabbah during his second term as president from 2002-2007.	Kanji Daramy	journalist
occupation	Gerald Horne is an African-American historian who currently holds the John J. and Rebecca Moores Chair of History and African American Studies at the University of Houston.	Gerald Horne	historian
occupation	Antti Asplund is a Finnish fashion designer and artist.	Antti Asplund	fashion designer
occupation	Ray Singer is a British record producer and owner of Singer Records.	Ray Singer	record producer
occupation	Cam Guthrie is a Canadian politician, currently serving as mayor of Guelph, Ontario since December 1, 2014.	Cam Guthrie	politician
occupation	Richard Anthony Cerri, known as Dick Cerri (June 1, 1936 -- October 3, 2013) was a well known Folk Music, American disc jockey in Washington, D.C. between 1960 and 1995.	Dick Cerri	disc jockey
occupation	Since 1997, George Savarese has been a teacher at Mt.	George Savarese	teacher
occupation	Jill Culiner (born September 13, 1945) is a Canadian folk artist, photographer and writer.	Jill Culiner	photographer
occupation	Martin Davidson (born November 7, 1939) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, television director.	Martin Davidson	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Pedro Acerden is a Filipino zarzuela playwright who writes in the Waray language.	Pedro Acerden	playwright
occupation	Raphaelle Peale (sometimes spelled Raphael Peale) (February 17, 1774 -- March 4, 1825) is considered the first professional American painter of still-life.	Raphaelle Peale	painter
occupation	Rachel Bagby is a US-based, award-winning performance artist, author, poet, composer, and vocalist.	Rachel Bagby	composer
occupation	Russell Loris Arlett (January 3, 1899 -- May 16, 1964), also known as Buzz Arlett, was an American baseball player of German descent, sometimes called ``the Babe Ruth of the minor leagues.''	Buzz Arlett	baseball player
occupation	Colette Bonheur (September 20, 1927 -- October 10, 1966) whose real name is Colette Chailler, was a Quebec singer.	Colette Bonheur	singer
occupation	Eliezer Igra (born 1954/5714) is a rabbi, dayan of the Upper Beit Din of Israel, the Av Beit Din of the Beersheba Beit Din, and the Moshav Rabbi of Kfar Maimon.	Eliezer Igra	rabbi
occupation	Erich Bergen (born December 31, 1985) is an American actor and presenter, perhaps best known for his role as Bob Gaudio in the biographical musical drama film Jersey Boys.	Erich Bergen	actor
occupation	Jayson Terdiman (born December 21, 1988) is an American luger.	Jayson Terdiman	luger
occupation	Sir William Masham, 1st Baronet (c. 1592 -- c. 1656) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1624 and 1655.	Sir William Masham, 1st Baronet	politician
occupation	John Kennett Starnes (February 5, 1918 -- December 23, 2014) was a Canadian civil servant, diplomat, and novelist.	John Kennett Starnes	diplomat
occupation	Marian Breland Bailey, born Marian Ruth Kruse (December 2, 1920 -- September 25, 2001) and nicknamed ``Mouse'', was an American psychologist, an applied behavior analyst who played a major role in developing empirically validated and humane animal training methods and in promoting their widespread implementation.	Marian Breland Bailey	psychologist
occupation	John Henry Pope, PC (December 19, 1824 -- April 1, 1889) was a Canadian farmer, lumberman, railway entrepreneur, and politician.	John Henry Pope	politician
occupation	John DeWitt Clinton Atkins (June 4, 1825 -- June 2, 1908) was an American politician and a member of both the United States House of Representatives and Confederate Congress from Tennessee.	John DeWitt Clinton Atkins	politician
occupation	Jonathan Piel (born 23 November 1938) is an American science journalist and editor.	Jonathan Piel	journalist
occupation	Robert Resha (1920-1974) was a South African journalist and political dissident.	Robert Resha	journalist
occupation	Eugene Amandus Schwarz (1844, Silesia - 1928) was a German-American entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.	Eugene Amandus Schwarz	entomologist
occupation	Bernward Koch (born January 23, 1957 in Siegen) is a German composer, pianist and keyboardist.	Bernward Koch	composer
occupation	Michael Angelakos (born May 19, 1987) is an American singer, songwriter, composer, record producer and musician of Greek descent.	Michael Angelakos	singer, songwriter	composer
occupation	Dora Greenwell, born Dorothy Greenwell (1821--1882) was an English poet.	Dora Greenwell	poet
occupation	John Goldingham was the first official astronomer of the Madras Observatory, appointed in 1802.	John Goldingham	astronomer
occupation	Mazgani is an Iranian-Portuguese singer-songwriter.	Mazgani	singer
occupation	Zach Allia is an American photographer, entrepreneur and web developer.	Zach Allia	web developer
occupation	Paul Wayland Bartlett (January 24, 1865 -- September 20, 1925) was an American sculptor working in the Beaux-Arts tradition of heroic realism.	Paul Wayland Bartlett	sculptor
occupation	(William) D'Arcy McNickle (January 14, 1904 -- October 10, 1977) was a writer, Native American activist and anthropologist.	D'Arcy McNickle	writer	anthropologist
occupation	Roque Esteban Scarpa Straboni (March 26, 1914 in Punta Arenas - January 11, 1995 in Santiago) was a Chilean writer, literary critic and scholar.	Roque Esteban Scarpa	writer
occupation	Hypsicles (Greek: Ὑψικλῆς; c. 190 -- c. 120 BCE) was an ancient Greek mathematician and astronomer known for authoring On Ascensions (Ἀναφορικός) and the spurious Book XIV of Euclid's Elements.	Hypsicles	mathematician	astronomer
occupation	Mohan Kapoor is an Indian actor who works in television and film, most known as the host of television game show, Saanp Seedi.	Mohan Kapoor	actor
occupation	Edward Hide was a multiple classic winning British jockey.	Edward Hide	jockey
occupation	Alan McHugh is a Scottish actor, comedian and writer.	Alan McHugh	comedian
occupation	Hadi Kazemi is an Iranian actor mostly famous for his role as Nezam Du Barareh in Mehran Modiri's comedy series Shabhaye Barareh, an Iranian satire television series broadcast by the IRIB network.	Hadi Kazemi	actor
occupation	Thomas McNaughton (born October 9, 1983) is an American chef, restaurateur, and cookbook writer.	Thomas McNaughton	chef	restaurateur
occupation	Robert Towne (born Robert Bertram Schwartz; November 23, 1934) is an American screenwriter, producer, director and actor.	Robert Towne	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Karl Theodor Staiger worked as a chemist for the Queensland Government 1873-80 and worked with Nicholas Miklouho-Maclay.	Karl Theodor Staiger	chemist
occupation	Pramatha Nath Ray is an Indian politician and was the Minister of State for Development & Planning in the Government of West Bengal.	Pramatha Nath Ray	politician
occupation	Deborah Brin is the first openly gay rabbi in Judaism.	Deborah Brin	rabbi
occupation	Alé Garza (born Alejandro Garza on May 4, 1977) is a penciler and comics artist.	Alé Garza	comics artist
occupation	Diogenianus (Greek: Διογενειανός, Διογενιανός) was a Greek grammarian from Heraclea in Pontus (or in Caria) who flourished during the reign of Hadrian.	Diogenianus	grammarian
occupation	Hubert Rostaing (September 17, 1918 -- June 10, 1990) was a jazz clarinetist and tenor saxophonist.	Hubert Rostaing	clarinetist
occupation	Peter Vlahakis (born January 20, 1982 in Shoreham, New York) is a professional lacrosse player with the Long Island Lizards of Major League Lacrosse (MLL) and the holder of four MLL All-Time face-off records.	Peter Vlahakis	lacrosse player
occupation	Edward Lucien Bobinski is a former Canadian diplomat.	Edward Lucien Bobinski	diplomat
occupation	William Bristol (June 2, 1779 -- May 7, 1836) was a Mayor of New Haven, Connecticut, and United States federal judge.	William Bristol	judge
occupation	Łukasz Czapla (born December 8, 1982 in Kraków) is a Polish sport shooter, a four-time World champion and a former holder of the world record in 10 metre running target mixed.	Łukasz Czapla	sport shooter
occupation	Teuku Wisnu (Born: March 4, 1985) is an Aceh-blooded soap opera actor .	Teuku Wisnu	actor
occupation	Redimi2 (born Willy Cruz; June 3, 1979) is a Dominican Christian Music rapper and songwriter.	Redimi2	rapper
occupation	José W. F. Valle (born June 2, 1953) is a Brazilian-Spanish physicist whose research includes many aspects of astroparticle physics and high energy physics, especially neutrino physics.	José W. F. Valle	physicist
occupation	Rudolf Karel (*November 9, 1880 in Pilsen -- murdered March 6, 1945 in Theresienstadt) was a distinguished Czech composer.	Rudolf Karel	composer
occupation	Vladimir Oravsky Swedish author and film director.	Vladimir Oravsky	director
occupation	Paul McCrum (1962--) is an Irish former cricketer.	Paul McCrum	cricketer
occupation	Gar Waterman is a sculptor based in New Haven, Connecticut.	Gar Waterman	sculptor
occupation	Devender Kumar Khandwal (Hindi: देवेन्द्र कुमार खंडवाल; born July 10, 1986 in Garhi, Banswara) is an Indian rower.	Devender Kumar Khandwal	rower
occupation	Suriyan Sor Rungvisai (born Suriyan Kaiganha, March 2, 1989) is a Thai professional boxer in the super flyweight division.	Suriyan Sor Rungvisai	boxer
occupation	Louise Brooks (November 14, 1906 -- August 8, 1985), born Mary Louise Brooks, was an American film actress and dancer noted as an iconic symbol of the flapper, and for popularizing the bobbed haircut.	Louise Brooks	dancer
occupation	Maxime Bôcher (August 28, 1867 -- September 12, 1918) was an American mathematician who published about 100 papers on differential equations, series, and algebra.	Maxime Bôcher	mathematician
occupation	Patrick Huse (born April 1, 1948) is a Norwegian painter and multimedia artist.	Patrick Huse	artist
occupation	Johnny Rawls (born September 10, 1951) is an American soul blues singer, guitarist, arranger, songwriter and record producer.	Johnny Rawls	singer
occupation	William A. Barnhill (November 26, 1889 -- November 1, 1987) was an American photographer best known for his work in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina in the early 1900s.	William A. Barnhill	photographer
occupation	Charley Chase (October 20, 1893 -- June 20, 1940) was an American comedian, actor, screenwriter and film director, best known for his work in Hal Roach short film comedies.	Charley Chase	actor	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Luo Luo (Chinese: 落落) is a Chinese novelist and film director.	Luo Luo	novelist	film director
occupation	Cassietta George (born Cassietta Baker on January 23, 1929 in Memphis, Tennessee-January 3, 1995 in Los Angeles, California) was an American gospel vocalist, and composer.	Cassietta George	composer
occupation	Frank Caraballo (born December 18, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the featherweight division.	Frank Caraballo	mixed martial artist
occupation	Enrique Mazzola is a Spanish-born Italian conductor.	Enrique Mazzola	conductor
occupation	Albert F. Case, Jr. (born March 2, 1955) is an American software engineer and one of the leaders in the development of Computer-Aided Software Engineering (CASE) technologies and system development methodologies.	Albert F. Case, Jr.	engineer
occupation	Erik Everhard (born December 2, 1976) is the stage name of Mitchell Hartwell, a Canadian pornographic actor and director, known for gonzo pornography films.	Erik Everhard	pornographic actor
occupation	Margaret Bourke-White (/ˌbɜːrkˈhwaɪt/; June 14, 1904 -- August 27, 1971) was an American photographer and documentary photographer.	Margaret Bourke-White	photographer
occupation	Gunnar Meland is a Norwegian curler and world champion.	Gunnar Meland	curler
occupation	Ben Hanlin is a British magician and television presenter, best known for presenting the ITV2 series Tricked since 2013.	Ben Hanlin	magician
occupation	Robert R. McCrae is a personality psychologist at the National Institute of Aging.	Robert R. McCrae	psychologist
occupation	Marissa Roth is a freelance documentary photographer and photojournalist who lives in California and whose work is seen internationally in major news publications.	Marissa Roth	photographer	photojournalist
occupation	Valeriu Marcu (1899--1942) was a Romanian poet, writer and historian.	Valeriu Marcu	poet	writer	historian
occupation	John Wallach (January 18, 1943 -- July 10, 2002) was an American journalist, author and editor as well as founder of Seeds of Peace international camp in Maine.	John Wallach	journalist
occupation	Casey Nicholaw (born 1962) is an American theatre director, choreographer and performer.	Casey Nicholaw	choreographer
occupation	Stevie Ann (born Anna Stephanie Struijk in Roggel, June 24, 1986) is a Dutch singer-songwriter.	Stevie Ann	singer-songwriter
occupation	Park Hye-won (Hangul: 박혜원, Hanja: 朴慧園) (born August 15, 1983 in Seoul) is a retired South Korean short track speed skater.	Park Hye-won	short track speed skater
occupation	Jerome of Moravia (or Hieronymus de Moravia) (died after 1271) was a medieval music theorist.	Jerome of Moravia	music theorist
occupation	James Roscoe Drummond (January 13, 1902 -- September 30, 1983) was an American political journalist, editor and syndicated Washington columnist.	Roscoe Drummond	journalist
occupation	Peter Harbison (born 1939) is an Irish archaeologist and member of the Royal Irish Academy.	Peter Harbison	archaeologist
occupation	Tsay Jaw-yang (Chinese: 蔡兆陽; died July 12, 2008) was a Taiwanese politician who served as the country's minister of Transportation and Communications.	Tsay Jaw-yang	politician
occupation	Gabbie Rae (born May 21, 1998) is a rock singer born in New England, raised in Myrtle Beach, and who now calls Los Angeles home.	Gabbie Rae	singer
occupation	John Fauconer (fl. 1421) was an English politician.	John Fauconer	politician
occupation	James Campbell (born March 27, 1969), better known by his stage names Freddie Foxxx and Bumpy Knuckles, is an American rapper and music producer from Long Island, New York.	Freddie Foxxx	rapper
occupation	Snehasis Sur is an Indian senior TV journalist, working in Kolkata (Calcutta) station of ``Doordarshan'', Indian Public Service TV broadcaster since 1988.	Snehasis Sur	journalist
occupation	Diane Dimond (born November 15, 1952) is an American television journalist, reporter and host.	Diane Dimond	journalist
occupation	Max Farrand, Ph.D. (March 29, 1869 -- June 17, 1945) was an American historian, who taught at several universities and was the first director of the Huntington Library.	Max Farrand	historian
occupation	Konstantin Andriushin (Russian: Константин Андрюшин; born May 19, 1975) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer, who specialized in butterfly events.	Konstantin Andriushin	swimmer
occupation	Howard Dwight Smith (February 21, 1886 -- April 27, 1958) was an architect most known for his designs of the Ohio Stadium (completed in 1922) for which he was awarded the American Institute of Architects Gold Medal for Public Building Design.	Howard Dwight Smith	architect
occupation	Mitch Markowitz is an American screenwriter best known for writing the film Good Morning, Vietnam.	Mitch Markowitz	screenwriter
occupation	Byron Ortile is a Filipino child actor and a commercial model, known for his role as Alvin in Sine Novela Gaano Kadalas ang Minsan, playing the son of Marvin Agustin and Camille Prats.	Byron Ortile	child actor
occupation	Steven Feld (born August 20, 1949) is an American ethnomusicologist, anthropologist, and linguist, who worked for many years with the Kaluli (Bosavi) people of Papua New Guinea.	Steven Feld	ethnomusicologist
occupation	John Dierkes (February 10, 1905 -- January 8, 1975) was an American character actor present in several classic films.	John Dierkes	actor
occupation	John C. McKinley (November 20, 1859 -- May 1, 1927) was a lawyer and Republican politician from the state of Missouri.	John C. McKinley	politician
occupation	Lou Mathews is an American writer, novelist, journalist, playwright and short story writer based in Los Angeles.	Lou Mathews	novelist
occupation	Tad Robinson (born June 24, 1956) is an American singer, harmonica player, and songwriter.	Tad Robinson	singer
occupation	Richard Hell (born Richard Lester Meyers) is an American singer, songwriter, bass guitarist, and writer.	Richard Hell	singer	songwriter	writer
occupation	Maya Beiser is an Israeli-born American classical cellist, performing artist and producer who lives in New York City.	Maya Beiser	cellist
occupation	Irving Bacon (September 6, 1893 -- February 5, 1965) was an American character actor who appeared in almost 500 films.	Irving Bacon	actor
occupation	Robert F. Julian is a New York Judge, lawyer and former sports executive.	Robert F. Julian	lawyer
occupation	Jason Yachanin is an American actor most known for playing Arbie in the comedy horror film Poultrygeist:	Jason Yachanin	actor
occupation	Chad Szeliga is an American drummer and percussionist from Elyria, Ohio.	Chad Szeliga	drummer
occupation	George Pullicino (born May 12, 1964) is a Maltese politician, who served as Minister for Resources and Rural Affairs in a number of Nationalist Governments (Maltese: Ministru għal l-Affarijiet Rurali u r-Riżorsi).	George Pullicino	politician
occupation	Dusan Kadlec, MFA, CSMA (born December 21, 1942) is a Czech-Canadian painter, born in Prague, Czechoslovakia (Czech Republic).	Dusan Kadlec	painter
occupation	Mark Edward became interested in magic through his maternal grandfather George Schaeffer, who was a card player and amateur magician.	Mark Edward	magician
occupation	Donny McCrary (born October 15, 1982 in St. Joseph, Missouri) is an Irish-American professional boxer.	Donny McCrary	boxer
occupation	Greg Gilmore (born January 3, 1962) is a musician in Seattle, Washington, and co-founder of the recording label First World Music.	Greg Gilmore	musician
occupation	Hal Hartley (born November 3, 1959) is an American film director, screenwriter, producer and composer who became a key figure in the American independent film movement of the 1980s and '90s.	Hal Hartley	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Pan Nalin is an Indian film director, screenwriter and documentary maker.	Pan Nalin	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Oszkár Molnár (born June 1, 1956) is a Hungarian politician and has been member of the National Assembly (MP) between 1998 and 2014.	Oszkár Molnár	politician
occupation	Fernando Castro Pacheco (January 26, 1918 -- August 8, 2013) was a Mexican painter, engraver, illustrator, printmaker and teacher.	Fernando Castro Pacheco	painter
occupation	David Hoselton is a Canadian screenwriter and television producer, best known for his work on the television series House and the animated films Over the Hedge and Brother Bear.	David Hoselton	screenwriter
occupation	Dr. Muhammad Hasan Mahmud (Bengali: মোহাম্মদ হাছান মাহমুদ; born 5 June 1963) is a Bangladesh Awami League politician who is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Chittagong-7 and chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on the Ministry of Environment and Forests.	Muhammad Hasan Mahmud	politician
occupation	Gregg De Lorto (born October 12, 1950) is an American guitarist, singer-songwriter, arranger, producer and the California representative for The Heritage Guitar Company of Kalamazoo - Heritage Guitars and a native of California and great grandson of two Italian-born musicians and old world luthiers (violin makers).	Gregg De Lorto	singer-songwriter
occupation	Christine Sun Kim is an American sound artist who has been deaf since birth.	Christine Sun Kim	sound artist
occupation	Sharron Miller is an American television and film director, producer, and screenwriter.	Sharron Miller	film director
occupation	Rennie Harris (born Lorenzo Harris on January 28, 1964) is a dancer, choreographer, artistic director and professor of hip-hop dance.	Rennie Harris	choreographer
occupation	Jessica Wong (born March 29, 1991) is an ice hockey player from Baddeck, Nova Scotia, who currently plays for the Calgary Inferno of the Canadian Women's Hockey League.	Jessica Wong	ice hockey player
occupation	Einar Aaron Swan (born Einar (Eino) William Swan) (March 20, 1903 -- August 8, 1940) was an American musician, arranger and composer.	Einar Aaron Swan	composer
occupation	Ralph Greenberg (born 1944) is an American mathematician who has made notable contributions to number theory, in particular Iwasawa theory.	Ralph Greenberg	mathematician
occupation	Ofer Gabber (עופר גאבר; born May 16, 1958) is a mathematician working in algebraic geometry.	Ofer Gabber	mathematician
occupation	Nicholas Theodore ``Nick'' Nemeth (born July 27, 1980), best known by the ring name Dolph Ziggler, is an American professional wrestler, stand-up comedian, and actor.	Dolph Ziggler	professional wrestler
occupation	Roger Harmon is an American musicologist and lutenist who taught lute at the Peabody Conservatory in Baltimore, Maryland.	Roger Harmon	musicologist
occupation	Reginald Long was a British screenwriter and actor.	Reginald Long	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Clarence Rufus J. Rivers (September 9, 1931 -- November 21, 2004) was a priest and well-known composer of liturgical music.	Clarence Rufus J. Rivers	composer
occupation	Travis Fulton (born May 29, 1977) is an American mixed martial artist and a professional boxer in the heavyweight division of both sports.	Travis Fulton	boxer
occupation	Maria Reiche (1903--1998) was a German mathematician, archaeologist, and technical translator who carried out research into the Nazca Lines in Peru, beginning in 1940, and had success in gaining recognition and preservation of the property.	Maria Reiche	archaeologist
occupation	Guy Lefrant (1923--1993) was a French equestrian.	Guy Lefrant	equestrian
occupation	Tony Bowls (born Arkansas, USA) is a fashion designer and businessman who specializes in formal wear.	Tony Bowls	fashion designer
occupation	René R. Douglas (born March 3, 1967 in Panama City, Panama) is a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.	René R. Douglas	jockey
occupation	Félix Malloum or Félix Malloum Ngakoutou Bey-Ndi (September 10, 1932 -- June 12, 2009) was a Chadian politician from the south.	Félix Malloum	politician
occupation	Henry Evans Howell, Jr. (September 5, 1920 -- July 7, 1997), nicknamed ``Howlin''' Henry Howell, was an American politician from the U.S. state of Virginia.	Henry Howell	politician
occupation	Michael Everson (born January 9, 1963) is an American and Irish linguist, script encoder, typesetter, font designer, and publisher.	Michael Everson	linguist	publisher
occupation	Antonio Oliviero (born 18 July 1943 in Sorrento, Naples) is a sailor from Italy.	Antonio Oliviero	sailor
occupation	Kuku Sebsebe (surname also spelled Sebsibe) is an Ethiopian popular singer.	Kuku Sebsebe	singer
occupation	Jake Heggie (born March 31, 1961) is an American composer of opera, vocal, orchestral, and chamber music.	Jake Heggie	composer
occupation	This reform of the organization of the firefighter profession has been implemented smoothly, without conflicts, because of colonel Michel Lafourcade's consultation and dialogue skills.	Michel Lafourcade	firefighter
occupation	Iryna Zhuravska (Ірина Журавська; born January 14, 1990) is a Ukrainian model who represented her country in the Miss World 2008 pageant, which took place on December 13, 2008, in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Iryna Zhuravska	model
occupation	Katrina Voss worked as a bilingual broadcast meteorologist for The Weather Channel Latin America and AccuWeather and holds the AMS Seal.	Katrina Voss	meteorologist
occupation	Raamlaxman (born Vijay Patil) is an Indian composer, pianist, musician and accordionist.	Raamlaxman	composer
occupation	Richard Crosse (1742--1810) was a leading English painter of portrait miniatures.	Richard Crosse	painter
occupation	Runa Rizvi is an Indian classical and Bollywood playback singer.	Runa Rizvi	singer
occupation	Fiorella Mannoia (Italian pronunciation: (fjoˈrɛlla manˈnɔːja); born April 4, 1954) is an Italian singer.	Fiorella Mannoia	singer
occupation	Kelvin Goertzen, MLA (born June 12, 1969) is a Canadian politician and member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba.	Kelvin Goertzen	politician
occupation	Matías Novoa, is a Chilean-Mexican actor and model.	Matías Novoa	actor	model
occupation	Ana Nisi Goyco Graciani (born c. 1951 in Ponce, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician, former senator and beauty queen.	Ana Nisi Goyco	politician
occupation	He is an original Christian writer, and in his works can be found a great number of Proclus's metaphysical principles.	Proclus	writer
occupation	Margaret Langrick (born 1971) is a Canadian writer and retired actress.	Margaret Langrick	writer
occupation	Jerry Crutchfield (born August 10, 1934) is an American country and pop record producer, songwriter, and musician.	Jerry Crutchfield	record producer
occupation	Abel Chapman (1851--1929) was an English, Sunderland-born hunter-naturalist.	Abel Chapman	naturalist
occupation	Kirk Browning (March 28, 1921 -- February 10, 2008) was an American television director and producer who had hundreds of productions to his credit, including 185 broadcasts of Live from Lincoln Center.	Kirk Browning	television director
occupation	Cooper Boone (born September 11, 1963) is an American country music artist, psychologist and chef.	Cooper Boone	psychologist
occupation	Avi Dichter (Hebrew: אבי דיכטר‎, IPA: (ˈävi ˈdiχte̞ʁ); born 4 December 1952) is an Israeli politician.	Avi Dichter	politician
occupation	Jim Schwall (born November 11, 1942) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and photographer.	Jim Schwall	musician	songwriter
occupation	Norman Alden (born Norman Adelberg; September 13, 1924 -- July 27, 2012) was an American character actor who performed in television programs and motion pictures.	Norman Alden	actor
occupation	Philemon Moongo (April 11, 1943 -- March 10, 2015) was a Namibian politician.	Philemon Moongo	politician
occupation	Michelle Bello (born Michelle Aisha Bello; 30 September 1982) is a British Nigerian film director and film producer.	Michelle Bello	film director
occupation	Johannes Abeel (March 23, 1667--January 28, 1711) was an Albany, New York merchant and public official.	Johannes Abeel	merchant
occupation	Mihai Fotino (Romanian pronunciation: (miˈhai fotiˈno); September 14, 1930 -- January 13, 2014) was a prolific Romanian actor who has appeared in theatre, film, television, and radio, in a career spanning 70 years.	Mihai Fotino	actor
occupation	Maayan Davidovich (Hebrew: מעין דוידוביץ'‎; born May 21, 1988) is an Israeli Olympic windsurfer.	Maayan Davidovich	windsurfer
occupation	Ezra E. H. Griffith (born 1942, Barbados) is an American psychiatrist.	Ezra E. H. Griffith	psychiatrist
occupation	Harry Conor (c. 1856 -- April 1931) was a popular American comic actor, best known for playing the role of Welland Strong in A Trip to Chinatown.	Harry Conor	actor
occupation	Hung Yan-yan, also known as Xiong Xinxin, is a Hong Kong martial artist, actor, stuntman and action director originally from Liuzhou, Guangxi, China.	Hung Yan-yan	actor
occupation	Amy Hoggart is a British stand-up comedian and actress, best known for starring in Almost Royal, a new faux-reality show on BBC America.	Amy Hoggart	comedian
occupation	Between 2005 and 2010, Edda Magnason collaborated with singer-songwriter, spoken word artist and film actor, Emil Jensen (musician), often taking part in his performances and recordings.	Edda Magnason	actor
occupation	Nikola Ležaić (born August 6, 1981) is a Serbian film director/screenwriter/film producer.	Nikola Ležaić	film director	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Elsdon Storey is an Australian neurologist, former Rhodes Scholar & Professor of Neurology at Monash University.	Elsdon Storey	neurologist
occupation	Pauline Turner Strong is an American anthropologist specializing in literary, historical, ethnographic, media, and popular representations of Native Americans.	Pauline Turner Strong	anthropologist
occupation	Mohammed Kasim Reed (born June 10, 1969) is an American attorney and politician who is the 59th and current mayor of Atlanta, Georgia's state capital and largest city.	Kasim Reed	politician
occupation	Jack Catran (January 22, 1918 -- January 18, 2001) was an American industrial designer, behavioral psychologist, scientist, and linguist.	Jack Catran	linguist
occupation	Malcolm Burn (born October 4, 1960) is a Canadian-born music producer, recording engineer and musician.	Malcolm Burn	engineer
occupation	Zoë Skoulding is a poet whose work also encompasses translation, editing, sound-based vocal performance, literary criticism and teaching creative writing.	Zoë Skoulding	poet
occupation	David Alexander Nunn (July 26, 1833 -- September 11, 1918) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee's 8th congressional district.	David Alexander Nunn	politician
occupation	Edward Betts's first railway undertaking was to supervise the building of the Dutton Viaduct on the Grand Junction Railway for Hugh McIntosh under George Stephenson as engineer.	Edward Betts	engineer
occupation	Jennifer Steinkamp (born 1958) is an American installation artist who works with video and new media in order to explore ideas about architectural space, motion, and perception.	Jennifer Steinkamp	artist
occupation	Annie Katsura Rollins is an American artist, scenic designer, and puppeteer.	Annie Katsura Rollins	puppeteer
occupation	Kevin Dilmore (born June 12, 1964) was a newspaper reporter and long-time contributing writer to Star Trek Communicator Magazine before breaking into fiction writing.	Kevin Dilmore	writer
occupation	Albert Vickers Bryan (July 23, 1899 -- March 13, 1984) was a United States federal judge, and the father of another federal judge, Albert Vickers Bryan, Jr..	Albert Vickers Bryan	judge
occupation	Cai Xuetong (Chinese: 蔡雪桐; born September 26, 1993) is a Chinese snowboarder.	Cai Xuetong	snowboarder
occupation	David de Rothschild (twin) Alienor de Rothschild (twin) Ferdinand de Rothschild Louis de Rothschild An avid horse enthusiast, Édouard de Rothschild competes both nationally and internationally in equestrian show jumping.	Édouard de Rothschild	equestrian
occupation	Jeannie Bell is an Australian linguist, educator, language activist and language custodian.	Jeannie Bell	linguist
occupation	Anna Stetsenko, born in the former Soviet Union, is a developmental psychologist at the City University of New York.	Anna Stetsenko	psychologist
occupation	Nathan Gladwell is a British actor, best known for his role as builder Syd Woolfe on the ITV soap opera Emmerdale, a role which he played from 2002 until 2004.	Nathan Gladwell	actor
occupation	Xiomara Laugart Sanchez is a Cuban singer currently based in Massachusetts.	Xiomara Laugart	singer
occupation	Terry Backer (August 3, 1954 -- December 14, 2015), born Terrance Eddy Backer, was an American politician who served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1993 until his death in 2015.	Terry Backer	politician
occupation	Phaedo of Elis (/ˈfiːdoʊ/; also Phaedon; Greek: Φαίδων ὁ Ἠλεῖος, gen.: Φαίδωνος; fl. 4th century BC) was a Greek philosopher.	Phaedo of Elis	philosopher
occupation	Samantha Maloney (born December 11, 1975) is an American musician best known for playing in the bands Hole, Mötley Crüe, Eagles of Death Metal and in Peaches' live band ``The Herms''.	Samantha Maloney	musician
occupation	Zheng Xingjuan (born March 20, 1989 in Fuqing, Fujian, PR China) is a Chinese high jumper.	Zheng Xingjuan	high jumper
occupation	Yuri Boukoff (Bulgarian: Юри Буков; May 1, 1923 -- January 8, 2006) was a Bulgarian-French pianist.	Yuri Boukoff	pianist
occupation	David H. Holtzman is a former security analyst and military code-breaker, a futurist, activist, security expert, technologist, technology executive, and writer.	David H. Holtzman	writer
occupation	Sean Wirtz (also Sean Kelly and Sean Kelly-Wirtz; born October 31, 1979 in Marathon, Ontario) is a Canadian figure skater who competed in pair skating and single skating.	Sean Wirtz	figure skater
occupation	Cathy Connolly (born September 15, 1956) is an American professor and politician from Wyoming.	Cathy Connolly	politician
occupation	Hibaq Jama (Somali: Xibaaq Jaamac, Arabic: ةيباق جاما‎) is a Somali-British politician.	Hibaq Jama	politician
occupation	Emma Jane Hogbin (born May 2, 1977) is a Canadian technical writer and free software advocate who lives in Nottingham, United Kingdom.	Emma Jane Hogbin	technical writer
occupation	Paul Magrs (pronounced ``Mars''; born 12 November 1969) is a writer and lecturer.	Paul Magrs	writer
occupation	Gary W. Laidig (born August 15, 1948) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate and the Minnesota House of Representatives.	Gary W. Laidig	politician
occupation	Roger Cloud (December 4, 1909 -- April 20, 1988), was an American politician of the Republican party.	Roger Cloud	politician
occupation	Leo P. Ribuffo is an American historian and Society of the Cincinnati George Washington Distinguished Professor at George Washington University.	Leo P. Ribuffo	historian
occupation	Aubert Miraeus (November 30, 1573 -- October 19, 1640), also called Aubert le Mire, was an ecclesiastical historian.	Aubert Miraeus	historian
occupation	Dror Paley (M.D., FRCSC), is a Canadian orthopedic surgeon, who specialises in limb lengthening procedures.	Dror Paley	surgeon
occupation	Jang Keun-suk started working as a child model at the age of five after he was discovered by a talent agent.	Jang Keun-suk	model
occupation	Nikki Tilroe (December 26, 1941 -- September 1, 2005) was an American puppeteer.	Nikki Tilroe	puppeteer
occupation	Edgar Cason, sometimes known as Ransom Edgar Cason (born February 17, 1952), is a farmer, businessman, and philanthropist from Coushatta in Red River Parish in northwestern Louisiana, where he has resided since 1990.	Edgar Cason	farmer
occupation	Darby Dunn (née Mullany) is an American journalist and reporter, known for appearing on the Fox News Channel, CNBC and CNN networks.	Darby Dunn	journalist
occupation	Philip Beckley (born 25 May 1936) is a British physicist, author, and lecturer.	Philip Beckley	physicist
occupation	Stanisław Skrowaczewski (Polish: (staˌɲiswaf skrɔvaˈt͡ʂɛfskʲi); born October 3, 1923) is a Polish-American classical conductor and composer.	Stanisław Skrowaczewski	conductor	composer
occupation	Rossella Jardini (b. Bergamo, 1952), is an Italian fashion designer and businessperson who from 1994 to 2013 worked as Creative Director for Moschino following the death of Franco Moschino.	Rossella Jardini	fashion designer
occupation	Koji Akiyama (秋山 幸二 Akiyama Kōji, born April 6, 1962 in Miyahara, Kumamoto) is a retired Japanese professional baseball player.	Koji Akiyama	baseball player
occupation	George Calef is a Canadian wildlife biologist, author and photographer, who won the Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction at the 1981 Governor General's Awards for his nature book Caribou and the Barren-Lands.	George Calef	photographer
occupation	Laurens W. Molenkamp is an experimental condensed matter physicist.	Laurens W. Molenkamp	physicist
occupation	Cuthbert Hely was an English lutenist and composer who was active during the first half of the 17th century.	Cuthbert Hely	composer
occupation	Andrew James Allen (born July 16, 1987) is an American film, television actor, and musician.	Andrew James Allen	actor
occupation	Rob Halverson is an American record producer, songwriter and studio engineer, who lives in Austin, Texas.	Rob Halverson	songwriter
occupation	Mamoru Sato is an American modernist sculptor.	Mamoru Sato	sculptor
occupation	Helen Churchill Candee was a supporting character in novelist Danielle Steel's No Greater Love, based on the sinking of the Titanic.	Helen Churchill Candee	novelist
occupation	Chloé Isaac (born June 5, 1991) is a French-born Canadian synchronized swimmer who competed at the London 2012 Olympics and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.	Chloé Isaac	swimmer
occupation	Bill Kennemer (born 1946) is a clinical psychologist and Republican politician in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Bill Kennemer	psychologist	politician
occupation	Anton Vassil is a screenwriter/film director who worked on various feature films, music videos, commercials and documentaries.	Anton Vassil	film director
occupation	Berthold Landauer (sometimes given as Berchtold) (fl. 1396, d. 1430/1432) was a German painter active in Nuremberg.	Berthold Landauer	painter
occupation	Ryan Adams (born David Ryan Adams; November 5, 1974) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, producer, poet and painter.	Ryan Adams	singer-songwriter	musician
occupation	I Wayan Balawan (born September 9, 1973 in Bali), better known by the single name Balawan, is an Indonesian guitarist and songwriter.	Balawan	songwriter
occupation	Mukkur N. Subramanian is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from Cheyyar constituency.	Mukkur N. Subramanian	politician
occupation	Myung Mi Kim (born December 6, 1957) is a Korean American poet noted for her postmodern writings.	Myung Mi Kim	poet
occupation	Bryan Nash Gill (November 3, 1961 -- May 17, 2013) was an American artist who worked primarily with wood, in the form of relief prints and sculptures.	Bryan Nash Gill	artist
occupation	Gabreïl Spiegelschrift (April 30, 1973) is a Canadian contemporary dance choreographer born in Fergus, Ontario.	Gabreïl Spiegelschrift	choreographer
occupation	Gonzalo Soltero is a barely known underground Mexican writer, who has kept himself outside of the limelight and literary cliques.	Gonzalo Soltero	writer
occupation	Naftali Bezem (Hebrew: נפתלי בזם‎; born November 27, 1924) is an Israeli painter, muralist, and sculptor.	Naftali Bezem	painter	sculptor
occupation	Anil Bhoyrul is a former Daily Mirror business journalist who was investigated over the so-called 'City Slickers' share tipping scandal along with the paper's then editor, Piers Morgan and fellow reporter James Hipwell.	Anil Bhoyrul	journalist
occupation	Mario von Bucovich's wife, Marie, was also a photographer.	Mario von Bucovich	photographer
occupation	Sue Johanson, CM (born March 16, 1930) is a Canadian writer, public speaker, registered nurse, sex educator, and media personality.	Sue Johanson	nurse	sex educator
occupation	Michael Getler is an American journalist and ombudsman for the Public Broadcasting Service in the United States.	Michael Getler	journalist
occupation	Alexandru Caraman (Russian: Aлексáндр Карамáн, Aleksandr Karaman), born in Cioburciu, Slobozia district), is a Transnistrian politician.	Alexandru Caraman	politician
occupation	Patrick Duddy is an American diplomat, formerly United States Ambassador to Venezuela.	Patrick Duddy	diplomat
occupation	Harold Arlen (February 15, 1905 -- April 23, 1986) was an American composer of popular music, having written over 500 songs, a number of which have become known worldwide.	Harold Arlen	composer
occupation	Dick Katz (March 13, 1924 -- November 10, 2009) was an American jazz pianist, arranger and record producer.	Dick Katz	pianist
occupation	Giovanni Stefano Verdura was a 17th-century Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Genoa and later in the Piedmont.	Giovanni Stefano Verdura	painter
occupation	Geoff Foster is an English recording and mix engineer, best known for his work on numerous film scores.	Geoff Foster	engineer
occupation	Marshall Jay Kaplan (born July 24, 1965) is a Gemini Award nominated senior television producer, director, and host.	Marshall Jay Kaplan	television producer
occupation	William Bramwell Withers (1823--1913), was an Anglo-Australian historian and journalist.	William Bramwell Withers	historian	journalist
occupation	Nigel Anthony (born 1941) is a theatre, television, and radio actor.	Nigel Anthony	actor
occupation	Hiroshi Karube is a paralympic swimmer from Japan competing mainly in category SB3 events.	Hiroshi Karube	swimmer
occupation	Arachchige Manjula Nishantha Munasinghe (born December 10, 1971), best known as Manjula Munasinghe, is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played five One Day Internationals (ODIs) between 1994 and 1996.	Manjula Munasinghe	cricketer
occupation	Amanullah Khan Jadoon is a Pakistani politician served as the Federal Minister for Petroleum & Natural Resources during 2002 to 2007 and political rival of Mehtab Ahmed Khan.	Amanullah Khan Jadoon	politician
occupation	Todd La Torre (/tɒd lə ˈtɒri/; born February 19, 1974) is an American singer and drummer.	Todd La Torre	drummer
occupation	Rainbow Sun Francks (born December 3, 1979) is a Canadian actor and songwriter.	Rainbow Sun Francks	actor
occupation	Kristin Mooney is an American pop music, folk rock and Americana singer and songwriter.	Kristin Mooney	singer and songwriter
occupation	Leraldo Anzaldua (Born June 22, 1975) is an American actor, stunt coordinator, and voice actor who works with ADV Films and Seraphim Digital/Sentai Filmworks.	Leraldo Anzaldua	voice actor
occupation	Mark Hertsgaard (born 1956) is an American journalist who is environmental correspondent for The Nation.	Mark Hertsgaard	journalist
occupation	Gretchen Jones is an American fashion designer, who won the eighth season of Project Runway.	Gretchen Jones	fashion designer
occupation	Jed Horne is a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who was for many years city editor of ``The Times-Picayune'', the New Orleans daily newspaper.	Jed Horne	journalist
occupation	Mark John McEncroe (born 1947) is an Australian composer of contemporary easy listening piano and orchestral music.	Mark John McEncroe	composer
occupation	Ping Medina (born Crispin Medina II on July 23, 1983) is a Filipino film actor.	Ping Medina	actor
occupation	Maria Gheorghiu (born August 28, 1963 in Reșița) is a Romanian folk singer and songwriter.	Maria Gheorghiu	singer
occupation	Nicholas Murray Butler (April 2, 1862 -- December 7, 1947) was an American philosopher, diplomat, and educator.	Nicholas Murray Butler	philosopher
occupation	Captain Jim Churchill (1863 -- January 19, 1930) was an American businessman, restaurateur and NYPD police captain.	Jim Churchill	restaurateur
occupation	Thomas Knaggs (c.1661 -- 12 May 1724) was a preacher and publisher of sermons.	Thomas Knaggs	preacher
occupation	Mindy Jacobsen is the first blind woman to be ordained as a hazzan (also called a cantor) in the history of Judaism; she was ordained in 1978 by Hebrew Union College.	Mindy Jacobsen	hazzan
occupation	DeForest Covan (September 9, 1917-September 8, 2007) was an American actor, dancer, and former black vaudeville performer.	DeForest Covan	actor
occupation	John Vernon Lord is an illustrator, author and teacher.	John Vernon Lord	illustrator
occupation	Peter Bampton was an Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the SANFL during the 1920s.	Peter Bampton	Australian rules footballer
occupation	``As an author, poet, teacher, scriptwriter and painter, P. K. Page was an extraordinary and varied force in promoting and developing Canadian culture.	P. K. Page	painter
occupation	Arellius was a Roman painter active in the 1st century BC, mentioned by Pliny.	Arellius	painter
occupation	Philip Bryden, BA (Dalhousie) 1975, BA (Jurisprudence) (Oxford) 1978, B.C.L. (Oxford) 1979, LL.M. (Harvard) 1985 is a lawyer, and Deputy Minister.	Philip Bryden	lawyer
occupation	Hoter ben Shlomo (Hoteb/Hatab ben Shlomo, Manṣūr ibn Sulaymān al-Dhamārī, Manṣūr ibn Sulaymān al-Ghamari, c.1400--c.1480) was a scholar and philosopher from Yemen who was heavily influenced by the earlier works of Natan'el al-Fayyumi, Maimonides, Saadia Gaon and al-Ghazali.	Hoter ben Shlomo	philosopher
occupation	Vusi Malinga is a South African professional boxer that has twice fought for major world titles at bantamweight and has appeared in a professional fight on Showtime.	Vusi Malinga	boxer
occupation	Dan Danknick is a physicist and roboticist that graduated from UCI and has made several appearances on robotics related television shows.	Dan Danknick	physicist
occupation	Anthony Alofsin (born on June 22, 1949 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an architect, artist, art historian, writer, and professor.	Anthony Alofsin	architect	artist	historian
occupation	Jonathan Avildsen is an American actor who has played a handful of minor roles mostly in feature films, with a few appearances in television	Jonathan Avildsen	actor
occupation	Eric Bloom (born December 1, 1944) is an American singer, songwriter and musician.	Eric Bloom	singer
occupation	Anne-Marie Helder is a British singer and songwriter, best known for fronting the UK rock band Panic Room.	Anne-Marie Helder	singer
occupation	Gita Piramal, also known as Dr. Gita Piramal (born c.1954) is an Indian writer and business historian.	Gita Piramal	historian
occupation	Dominik Straga (born June 20, 1988 in Rijeka) is a Croatian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events.	Dominik Straga	swimmer
occupation	Thomas Hannah was an architect in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia in the United States.	Thomas Hannah	architect
occupation	Aston Croall (born July 10, 1984) is an English rugby union player for Harlequins.	Aston Croall	rugby union player
occupation	Steven Adkins (born April 29, 1979) is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Seth Skyfire.	Seth Skyfire	professional wrestler
occupation	Charles Dierkop (born September 11, 1936) is an American film and television character actor.	Charles Dierkop	actor
occupation	Christian Steger (born August 15, 1967) is an Italian skeleton racer who competed from the late 1990s to 2002.	Christian Steger	skeleton racer
occupation	Kim Yoon-ah (Hangul: 김윤아; hanja: 金倫我; born March 11, 1974) is a South Korean singer and songwriter.	Kim Yoon-ah	singer
occupation	Dr. Tanzil Haider Usmani is a Pakistani chemist and a former additional chairman of the Pakistan Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (PCSIR).	Tanzil Haider Usmani	chemist
occupation	SuAnne Big Crow (March 15, 1974 - February 9, 1992) was a basketball player for the 1989 South Dakota champion Pine Ridge High School team.	SuAnne Big Crow	basketball player
occupation	Ignaz Jastrow (September 13, 1856, Nakel - May 2, 1937, Berlin) was a German economist and historian.	Ignaz Jastrow	economist	historian
occupation	Logan Wright, Jr. (December 3, 1933 -- December 18, 1999) was an American pediatric psychologist and former president of the American Psychological Association (APA).	Logan Wright	psychologist
occupation	Robert H. Gray is an American data analyst, author, and astronomer.	Robert H. Gray	astronomer
occupation	Pablo Kleinman is an Argentine-born American entrepreneur and journalist, pioneer of the development of online services in Latin America.	Pablo Kleinman	entrepreneur	journalist
occupation	Paul Killick is a British professional ballroom dancer and an International Latin American Dance Champion.	Paul Killick	dancer
occupation	``I'd given up all hope of finding a quality singer for Gamma until I heard Davey Pattison,'' according to Montrose.	Davey Pattison	singer
occupation	Nicola Ugolino (fl. 1720s) was an Italian lute player and composer.	Nicola Ugolino	composer
occupation	Brian Balmages is an American producer, conductor, performer and composer of music.	Brian Balmages	composer
occupation	Julia Solis is a writer and photographer who investigates ruined urban spaces.	Julia Solis	photographer
occupation	Melinda Sullivan (born September 30, 1987) is a dancer, choreographer and actress.	Melinda Sullivan	dancer
occupation	Dan Sperry (born August 1985, Minnesota) is an American magician and illusionist.	Dan Sperry	magician
occupation	Ella Guru (born May 24, 1966) is an American painter and musician living in London, United Kingdom.	Ella Guru	painter
occupation	Karikho Kri is politician from Arunachal Pradesh state in India.	Karikho Kri	politician
occupation	Sarah Garner (born May 21, 1971) is an American rower and Olympic bronze medalist.	Sarah Garner	rower
occupation	Konrad Emil Bloch, ForMemRS (January 21, 1912 -- October 15, 2000) was a German American biochemist.	Konrad Emil Bloch	biochemist
occupation	Herb Kehrl (1941/2 - 2005) was an American politician representing Michigan's 56th district in the Michigan House of Representatives from 2004 until his death in 2005.	Herb Kehrl	politician
occupation	Raman Makarau is a Belarusian paralympic swimmer.	Raman Makarau	swimmer
occupation	Jenniphr Goodman is a film director best known for directing and co-writing the 2000 film The Tao of Steve.	Jenniphr Goodman	film director
occupation	Ray Sepúlveda is a Puerto Rican American salsa (music) singer, born in Brooklyn, New York.	Ray Sepúlveda	singer
occupation	Felix Ives Batson (September 6, 1819 -- March 11, 1871) was a prominent American lawyer and politician from Arkansas.	Felix Ives Batson	lawyer
occupation	Max Burnett (born July 24, 1969 in Dallas, Texas) is a screenwriter, director, and producer who has been active in film and television since 1991.	Max Burnett	screenwriter
occupation	Zakk Wylde (born Jeffrey Phillip Wielandt on January 14, 1967) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and occasional actor who is best known as the former guitarist for Ozzy Osbourne, and founder of the heavy metal band Black Label Society.	Zakk Wylde	musician	guitarist
occupation	Rob Hopkins is an independent activist and writer on environmental issues, based in Totnes, England.	Rob Hopkins	writer
occupation	Martin P. Vangsli (listed sometimes as Martin Peder Vangli) was a Norwegian cross-country skier who was awarded the Holmenkollen medal in 1937 (Shared with Olaf Hoffsbakken and Birger Ruud).	Martin P. Vangsli	cross-country skier
occupation	Yunus Emre (Turkish pronunciation: (juˈnus emˈɾe)) (1238--1320) was a Turkish poet and Sufi mystic.	Yunus Emre	poet
occupation	Tranquillo Zerbi was a leading Italian automotive engineer.	Tranquillo Zerbi	engineer
occupation	Peter Lown (born May 29, 1947 in Bolton, Lancashire, England) is a former field hockey player.	Peter Lown	field hockey player
occupation	Yatin Karyekar (Marathi: यतिन कार्येकर) is a veteran Indian actor in the Bollywood film industry.	Yatin Karyekar	actor
occupation	William Wirt Virgin (September 18, 1823 -- January 23, 1893) was an American politician and jurist from Maine.	William Wirt Virgin	politician
occupation	Sakthi Paramesh (sometime known as Parameswar) is a Tamil film director.	Sakthi Paramesh	film director
occupation	Marek Szwarc was a painter and sculptor.	Marek Szwarc	painter	sculptor
occupation	Alexis Kochan (Ukrainian: Алексіс Коxан) is a Ukrainian-Canadian composer and singer.	Alexis Kochan	composer
occupation	Siddhant Karnick ( सिद्धान्त कर्णिक ) is an Indian television and film actor.	Siddhant Karnick	actor
occupation	Yiannis Parios (Greek: Γιάννης Πάριος) is a Greek singer-songwriter.	Yiannis Parios	singer
occupation	Sonia Sanchez (born Wilsonia Benita Driver, September 9, 1934) is an African-American poet most often associated with the Black Arts Movement.	Sonia Sanchez	poet
occupation	Aristid von Grosse was a German nuclear chemist.	Aristid von Grosse	chemist
occupation	Union Minister of State for Food and Consumer Affairs K. V. Thomas described Sukumari as an actor who conquered the film scene with her unique acting style.	Sukumari	actor
occupation	Marcus Junius Pera was a Roman politician during the Second Punic War.	Marcus Junius Pera	politician
occupation	HK119 is the alter ego of Finnish multimedia artist, singer and recording artist Heidi Kilpeläinen, who lives and works in London, UK.	HK119	singer
occupation	Marvin David Levy (August 2, 1932 -- February 9, 2015) was an American composer, best known for his opera Mourning Becomes Electra.	Marvin David Levy	composer
occupation	Mark Lemongello (born July 21, 1955 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is a retired professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1976--1979.	Mark Lemongello	baseball player
occupation	Yair Dalal is an Israeli musician of Iraqi-Jewish descent.	Yair Dalal	musician
occupation	Abdul Bari Jahani (عبدالباري جهاني) is an Afghan poet, novelist, historian and journalist.	Abdul Bari Jahani	historian	journalist
occupation	Matthew Lidaywa Mwange (born January 2, 1979 in Vihiga) is a Kenyan single sculls rower.	Matthew Lidaywa Mwange	rower
occupation	Kelly M. Schulz (born January 2, 1969) is an American politician and serves as the Secretary of the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation.	Kelly M. Schulz	politician
occupation	Edgar E. Witt (January 28, 1876 -- July 11, 1965) was a Texas lawyer and politician, serving as Lieutenant Governor for two terms in the 1930s.	Edgar E. Witt	politician
occupation	Mark C. Smith (September 10, 1940 -- March 27, 2007) was the founder and chief executive officer of ADTRAN.	Mark C. Smith	chief executive officer
occupation	Fu Tong Wong, is a Chinese-American musician/composer currently residing in Taiwan.	Fu Tong Wong	composer
occupation	Song Il-gon (born January 1, 1971) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter known for his internationally award-winning early short films, and later feature films such as Spider Forest (2004) and Feathers in the Wind (2005).	Song Il-gon	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Fachtna mac Folachtan is the third recorded abbot, including Brendan.	Fachtna mac Folachtan	abbot
occupation	Clarence Paul Oliver (November 8, 1898 -- July 10, 1991), known to his friends as ``Pete'', was an American geneticist.	Clarence Paul Oliver	geneticist
occupation	Lucie Green, When asked where her love of space science came from, Green has said: ``As a child, I remember hearing my parents say that they thought I was going to be an astrophysicist when I grew up.	Lucie Green	astrophysicist
occupation	Amy Rivard, (born Chatham) is a Canadian singer, songwriter and actress.	Amy Rivard	singer
occupation	Oliver Peyton (born 26 September 1961) is an Irish restaurateur and judge on the BBC television series Great British Menu.	Oliver Peyton	judge
occupation	Laura Swisher is a stand-up comedian based in Los Angeles, California, best known for her role as co-host of the former TechTV program Unscrewed with Martin Sargent from 2003 to 2004.	Laura Swisher	comedian
occupation	Nilanjana Sarkar is a playback singer who received the 57th National Film Awards (2009) for her song in the bengali film Houseful.	Nilanjana Sarkar	singer
occupation	Ricardo Villalba is an Argentine forester and dendrochronologist specialized in paleoclimate studies.	Ricardo Villalba	forester
occupation	Dingdong Avanzado (born July 7, 1968) is a singer, actor, politician, TV host, and composer in the Philippine music industry.	Dingdong Avanzado	singer
occupation	Kelli Martin (born July 15, 1980) is an independent American fashion designer.	Kelli Martin	fashion designer
occupation	David Viscott (May 24, 1938 - October 10, 1996), was an American psychiatrist, author, businessman, and media personality.	David Viscott	psychiatrist
occupation	Ratnakaravarni was a 16th-century Kannada poet and writer.	Ratnakaravarni	poet
occupation	Kelly Carrington born Kelly Hemberger is a model and clothing designer.	Kelly Carrington	model
occupation	Barbara Jacak (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjat͡sak)) is a nuclear physicist who uses heavy ion collisions for fundamental studies of hot, dense nuclear matter.	Barbara Jacak	physicist
occupation	Nicholas Williams (born September 23, 1987), better known by his stage name Trinidad James (often stylized as Trinidad Jame$), is an Trinidadian-American rapper based out of Atlanta, Georgia.	Trinidad James	rapper
occupation	Stacy Dean Campbell (b. July 27, 1967, Carlsbad, New Mexico) is an American singer-songwriter, author and TV host.	Stacy Dean Campbell	singer-songwriter
occupation	Bill Kajikawa (September 6, 1912 -- February 15, 2010) was the head men's basketball coach at Arizona State University from 1949 to 1957.	Bill Kajikawa	basketball coach
occupation	Stevland Hardaway Morris (born Stevland Hardaway Judkins; May 13, 1950), known by his stage name Stevie Wonder, is an American musician, singer, songwriter, record producer, and multi-instrumentalist.	Stevie Wonder	singer, songwriter	record producer
occupation	Willis Lucullus Palmer (December 13, 1854 - October 30, 1912) was an American politician, who was the twelfth Mayor of Orlando from 1891 to 1893.	Willis Lucullus Palmer	politician
occupation	Daniella Pavicic (Pavičić) aka Daniella, is a Croatian-Canadian singer and songwriter, raised in Toronto.	Daniella Pavicic	singer
occupation	Frankie Carle (March 25, 1903 -- March 7, 2001), born Francis Nunzio Carlone, was an American pianist and bandleader.	Frankie Carle	pianist	bandleader
occupation	Thomas Green Clemson, (July 1, 1807 -- April 6, 1888) was an American politician and statesman, serving as an ambassador and the United States Superintendent of Agriculture.	Thomas Green Clemson	politician
occupation	Denyse Sibley (born February 14, 1962) is a radio host for CHFX-FM FX 101.9 in Halifax.	Denyse Sibley	radio host
occupation	Nagwa Abdel Meguid is an Egyptian geneticist and 2012 winner of the L’Oreal UNESCO Award for Women in Science for Africa and the Middle East.	Nagwa Abdel Meguid	geneticist
occupation	Hahn Rowe is an internationally renowned violinist, guitarist, composer, and engineer/producer involved in a wide range of projects.	Hahn Rowe	violinist	composer	engineer
occupation	James Warring (born November 26, 1958) is an American boxer, kickboxer and mixed martial artist.	James Warring	boxer	kickboxer
occupation	Tom Gralish is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American photographer.	Tom Gralish	photographer
occupation	Edward Aburrow senior (baptized at Hambledon, Hampshire 25 Jan 1714/1715, buried at Slindon, Sussex 25 Apr 1763 ) was a noted English cricketer of the mid-18th century.	Edward Aburrow senior	cricketer
occupation	Enrico Alvino (1809--1872) was an Italian architect and urban designer, particularly active in Naples in the mid-19th century.	Enrico Alvino	architect
occupation	Deepti Hajela is an American journalist who has been a newswoman for the Associated Press since 1996.	Deepti Hajela	journalist
occupation	Tobias Geffen (Hebrew: טוביה גפן‎) (August 1, 1870 -- February 10, 1970) was an American Orthodox rabbi.	Tobias Geffen	rabbi
occupation	Dan Maddicott is a children's television producer.	Dan Maddicott	television producer
occupation	Joseph Saxton (1799-1873) was an American inventor, born at Huntingdon, Pa.	Joseph Saxton	inventor
occupation	Albert and Eliska had ten children, including Albert, Jr., Fernando, Joseph, Benjamin, René, Clement, David, Leonidas, Frederick, and Lelia.Albert Estopinal, Jr., became a St. Bernard Parish politician too, serving as parish judge and as sheriff at the time of his father's death.	Albert Estopinal	politician
occupation	Glenn Simon is an American actor best known for his appearances with the Virginia City Players, Montana's oldest summer stock company, specializing in authentic 19th century entertainment.	Glenn Simon	actor
occupation	Roger Aaron Brown (born June 12, 1949) is an African American character actor known for his role as Deputy Chief Joe Noland on the hit CBS drama television series The District from 2000 to 2004, and for his minor role in the 1988 science fiction film Alien Nation as Det.	Roger Aaron Brown	actor
occupation	Anne Bannerman (1765--1829) was a Scottish poet.	Anne Bannerman	poet
occupation	Melanie Moore (born March 1, 1962) is an American former pornographic actress and nude model.	Melanie Moore	model
occupation	Lothar Wundratsch is a retired German rower who won the European title in coxed fours in 1957, together with Gerhard Müller, Egon Meyer, Heinz Dathe and Dietmar Domnick.	Lothar Wundratsch	rower
occupation	Kyle Bobby Dunn (born February 27, 1986 in Ontario) is a composer, arranger, and live performer of modern compositional and guitar based drone music.	Kyle Bobby Dunn	composer
occupation	Richard Devon (December 11, 1926 -- February 26, 2010) was an American character actor best known for his roles in television and film.	Richard Devon	actor
occupation	Mohammad Anisul Hakim Khan Rabbani (born September 24, 1975 in Comilla District, Chittagong) is a first class cricketer who played for Chittagong Division from 2001/02 to 2003/04.	Anisul Hakim	cricketer
occupation	Sheila Kennedy is a model and actress who was the December 1981 Penthouse Pet of the Month and the 1983 Pet of the Year.	Sheila Kennedy	model
occupation	Darren Reiher (born 4 July 1978 in Portadown, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom as Darren Keefe Reiher) is an American actor.	Darren Reiher	actor
occupation	Clint Wilder is a business journalist who has covered the high-tech and clean-tech industries since 1985.	Clint Wilder	journalist
occupation	Benson Everett Legg (born June 8, 1947) is a Senior United States federal judge.	Benson Everett Legg	judge
occupation	Alexander Frenkel (born March 4, 1985, in Kirovograd, Ukraine) is a German cruiserweight boxer of Ukrainian origin.	Alexander Frenkel	boxer
occupation	Raúl Porras Barrenechea was a Peruvian diplomat, historian and politician.	Raúl Porras Barrenechea	diplomat	historian	politician
occupation	Ann Hood (born 1956) is an American novelist and short story writer; she has also written nonfiction.	Ann Hood	novelist
occupation	Bernard of Chartres (Bernardus Carnotensis) (died after 1124) was a twelfth-century French Neo-Platonist philosopher, scholar, and administrator.	Bernard of Chartres	philosopher
occupation	Colonel Fei Junlong (simplified Chinese: 费俊龙; traditional Chinese: 費俊龍; pinyin: Fèi Jùnlóng; born 1965) is a Chinese military pilot and an astronaut.	Fei Junlong	astronaut
occupation	Cintra Wilson (born 1967, California) is an American writer, performer and cultural critic.	Cintra Wilson	writer
occupation	James Francis Macbride (1892--1976) was an American botanist who devoted most of his professional life to the study of the flora of Peru.	James Francis Macbride	botanist
occupation	Veit Krenn (born November 3, 1960 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a German pathologist and sculptor of Austrian origin.	Veit Krenn	sculptor
occupation	Víctor Hugo Arévalo Jordán (born December 23, 1946 in Cochabamba) is a Bolivian writer and noted university professor.	Víctor Hugo Arévalo Jordán	writer
occupation	Paul Lustig Dunkel is an American flutist and conductor.	Paul Lustig Dunkel	conductor
occupation	Wakaba Higuchi (Japanese: 樋口新葉, born January 2, 2001) is a Japanese figure skater.	Wakaba Higuchi	figure skater
occupation	Clifton Hyde (born November 27, 1976) is an American multi-instrumentalist, composer and producer currently working from and residing in New York City.	Clifton Hyde	composer
occupation	Marc Butan is an American film producer who runs 2929 Productions, a production and financing arm of 2929 Entertainment formed in 2003.	Marc Butan	film producer
occupation	Asma al-Ghul (also Al Ghoul, Alghoul ) is a young secular Palestinian feminist journalist who writes for the Ramallah-based newspaper Al-Ayyam, chronicling what she calls ``the corruption of Fatah and the terrorism of Hamas.''	Asma al-Ghul	journalist
occupation	Brett Abrahams, PhD (born March 3, 1973) is a geneticist and neuroscientist involved in the identification and subsequent functional characterization of the autism-related gene CNTNAP2 with Dan Geschwind at UCLA.	Brett Abrahams	geneticist	neuroscientist
occupation	Marian Spore Bush (October 22, 1878 -- February 24, 1946) left her successful Michigan dental practice for a studio in Greenwich Village, New York City, and became a self-taught painter in the 1920s.	Marian Spore Bush	painter
occupation	Jack Rudy is an American tattoo artist notable for his reinvention of the 'Black and Gray' style of tattooing, realistic portraits, and single-needle use.	Jack Rudy	tattoo artist
occupation	Claudia Pavel (born October 19, 1984, in Mangalia), alias Claudia Cream, is a Romanian pop singer and dancer.	Claudia Pavel	singer
occupation	Crystal Smith, better known by her stage name Dimples D., is an American rapper who became a one-hit wonder in 1990.	Dimples D.	rapper
occupation	Akop Stepanyan (Акоп Степанян, born May 6, 1986) is a Russian-Armenian mixed martial artist former fighting in the featherweight and lightweight division for the Bellator Fighting Championships.	Akop Stepanyan	mixed martial artist
occupation	Philip Rosenau (Hebrew: פיליפ רוזנאו‎, born 1946), is an Israeli mathematician and a poet.	Philip Rosenau	mathematician
occupation	Loz Wildbore is an English rugby league player currently playing for Wales based Championship One club South Wales Scorpions.	Loz Wildbore	rugby league player
occupation	Ed Oakley is a municipal politician from Dallas, Texas.	Ed Oakley	politician
occupation	Jérôme Demers (August 1, 1774 -- May 17, 1853) was a Québécois Roman Catholic priest, author, architect, educator, and ecclesiastical administrator.	Jérôme Demers	Catholic priest	educator
occupation	Thollem McDonas is an American pianist, improviser, composer, singer-songwriter, touring performer, musical educator, and social critic.	Thollem McDonas	composer	singer-songwriter
occupation	Tor Hamer (born January 20, 1983) is an American boxer from New York best known for winning the National Golden Gloves 2008 at super heavyweight.	Tor Hamer	boxer
occupation	Germán Legarreta (born August 30, 1981) is a Puerto Rican-born American film and television actor.	Germán Legarreta	actor
occupation	William Marvell was an English executioner in the 18th century.	William Marvell	executioner
occupation	Paul Ford (born Paul Ford Weaver; November 2, 1901 -- April 12, 1976) was an American character actor who came to specialize in authority figures whose ineptitude and pompous demeanor were played for comic effect.	Paul Ford	actor
occupation	Richard Van Slater (born May 19, 1951), better known by his ring name ``Dirty'' Dick Slater, is a retired American professional wrestler who wrestled in the 1970s, 1980s, and mid-1990s for various promotions including Mid-Atlantic Championship Wrestling and World Championship Wrestling (WCW).	Dick Slater	professional wrestler
occupation	Thomas Gordon Thompson (November 28, 1888 -- August 10, 1961) was an American chemist and oceanographer.	Thomas Gordon Thompson	chemist	oceanographer
occupation	Muttamsetti Srinivasa Rao popularly known as Avanthi Srinivas is an Indian educationalist turned politician and a member of parliament from Anakapalli (Lok Sabha constituency), Andhra Pradesh.	Muttamsetti Srinivasa Rao	politician
occupation	Hans Normann Dahl (born 7 October 1937) is a Norwegian illustrator, painter and sculptor.	Hans Normann Dahl	illustrator	painter
occupation	Marco Sabiu (born September 1, 1963) is an Italian-born musician and composer who has worked with Take That, Kylie Minogue, Lydia Canaan, Barry Blue, Christopher Lee, and made music for television.	Marco Sabiu	composer
occupation	Marco Goldschmied (born 1944) is an architect best known as co-founder and managing director of Richard Rogers Partnership.	Marco Goldschmied	architect
occupation	Elaine Wulcko (born September 1959 in Hastings) was an English women's international cricketer.	Elaine Wulcko	cricketer
occupation	A. Jon Stoessl is a Canadian neurologist and Parkinson's disease researcher.	Jon Stoessl	neurologist
occupation	Arthur Millett (April 21, 1874, Pittsfield, Maine -- February 24, 1952, Los Angeles, California) was an early American motion picture actor whose career was at its height in the silent film era.	Arthur Millett	actor
occupation	Paris Berelc (born December 29, 1998) is an American actress, gymnast, and model, best known for her role as Skylar Storm in the Disney XD series Mighty Med.	Paris Berelc	model
occupation	Francis Arthur Heron (1864-1940) was an English entomologist who specialised in African, Neotropical and Oriental butterflies.	Francis Arthur Heron	entomologist
occupation	Battista Beccario, also known as Baptista Beccharius (name also sometimes given as ``Beccaria'', ``Beccari'' or ``Bedrazio''), was a 15th-century Genoese cartographer.	Battista Beccario	cartographer
occupation	Jahnu Barua (Assamese: জাহ্নু বৰুৱা, Hindi: जाहनू बरूवा) (1952-- ) is a multiple national and international award-winning Indian film director from Assam He has directed a number of Assamese and Hindi films, and along with Bhabendra Nath Saikia was one of the pioneers of Assamese Art cinema.	Jahnu Barua	film director
occupation	Liv Warfield is an American R&B singer-songwriter native to Peoria, IL, whose career can be traced back to her college years in Portland, Oregon.	Liv Warfield	singer-songwriter
occupation	Claes Oldenburg (born January 28 1929) is an American sculptor, best known for his public art installations typically featuring very large replicas of everyday objects.	Claes Oldenburg	sculptor
occupation	Turkish singer Burcu Güneş was very interested in Ceza, and released the song Sahilden with a featuring of Özçalkan, and another Turkish singer, Candan Erçetin, gave him the chance to make a song with her.	Ceza	singer
occupation	Waheed Khan is a documentary television director working in British television.	Waheed Khan	television director
occupation	Anandarayar Sahib was a poet and administrator who served as a minister in the courts of the Thanjavur Maratha kings Shahuji I, Serfoji I and Tukkoji.	Anandarayar Sahib	poet
occupation	Kieron Elliott is a Scottish actor, a host, and a voice-over actor.	Kieron Elliott	actor
occupation	In 2009, a jury representing nine countries selected Duo Duo as the 2010 winner of the $50,000 Neustadt International Prize for Literature, making him the award's 21st laureate and the first Chinese author to win the prize.	Duo Duo	author
occupation	Angie Lewin is a British printmaker working in linocut, wood engraving,	Angie Lewin	printmaker
occupation	Nusrat Javed (Urdu: نصرت جاوید‎), is a Pakistani columnist, journalist and news anchor.	Nusrat Javed	journalist
occupation	Lee Kyoung-mi (Hangul: 이경미 Korean pronunciation: (igjeongmi); born December 1973) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.	Lee Kyoung-mi	film director
occupation	Tam Joseph (born in 1947) is a Dominica-born British painter, formerly known as Tom Joseph.	Tam Joseph	painter
occupation	Enrico Arbarello is an Italian mathematician who is a leading expert in algebraic geometry.	Enrico Arbarello	mathematician
occupation	Shehroz Sabzwari (Urdu: شہروز سبزواری‎) is a Pakistani actor and model who is known for his role in the film Khulay Aasman Ke Neechay directed by Javed Sheikh.	Shehroz Sabzwari	actor	model
occupation	Tod Browning (born Charles Albert Browning, Jr.; July 12, 1880 -- October 6, 1962) was an American motion picture actor, director and screenwriter.	Tod Browning	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Stanislav Nedkov (Bulgarian: Станислав Недков) (born December 9, 1981) is a Bulgarian professional mixed martial artist, who formerly competed in the Middleweight and Light Heavyweight divisions of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Stanislav Nedkov	mixed martial artist
occupation	Dede Wilson (born Marilyn Marie Coco; February 12, 1937) is an American poet and writer.	Dede Wilson	poet
occupation	Robert Karplus (February 23, 1927 -- March 20, 1990) was a theoretical physicist and leader in the field of science education.	Robert Karplus	physicist
occupation	Col. Roger Hooker Leavitt (July 21, 1805 -- July 17, 1885) was a prominent landowner, early industrialist and Massachusetts politician who with other family members was an ardent abolitionist, using his home in Charlemont, Massachusetts as an Underground Railroad station for slaves escaped from the South.	Roger Hooker Leavitt	politician
occupation	Leonard Frey (September 4, 1938 -- August 24, 1988) was an American actor, best remembered for his Academy Award-nominated performance in Fiddler on the Roof.	Leonard Frey	actor
occupation	Jon Reep (born March 26, 1972) is an American stand-up comedian and actor, known as the ``That thing got a Hemi?'' guy in Dodge commercials, and more recently as the winner of the fifth season of Last Comic Standing on NBC.	Jon Reep	actor
occupation	Andrea Tagwerker (born October 23, 1970) is an Austrian luger who competed from the late 1980s to the early 1990s.	Andrea Tagwerker	luger
occupation	Rafael Dyll is a German composer, arranger and sound designer for computer and video games.	Rafael Dyll	composer
occupation	James Hillary Mulligan (November 21, 1844 - July 1, 1915) was a judge, politician, and poet from Kentucky.	James Hillary Mulligan	politician
occupation	Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s, known for the singles ``Where Did My Jimmy Go?'' and ``I've Got A Feeling''.	Nancy Baron	singer
occupation	Sampson Moore (1812-1877) was an engineer of the Industrial Revolution based in Liverpool, England.	Sampson Moore	engineer
occupation	Lee Waisler is an American painter based in Los Angeles.	Lee Waisler	painter
occupation	Janet Soergel Mielke (born June 30, 1937) is an American politician and secretary.	Janet Soergel Mielke	politician
occupation	David Miall Edwards (January 22, 1873 -- January 29, 1941) was a Welsh Non-conformist writer and theologian who wrote in both Welsh and English.	David Miall Edwards	writer	theologian
occupation	Christian Heins (January 16, 1935 -- June 15, 1963) known as ``Bino'', was a Brazilian sports car racing driver.	Christian Heins	racing driver
occupation	Eve Aronoff-Trivella (born in July 10, 1963) is a former Olympic judoka from the United States.	Eve Aronoff	judoka
occupation	Kathy Gori (born March 19, 1951) is an American voice actress, radio personality and screenwriter.	Kathy Gori	screenwriter
occupation	Leshorn Whitehead (born June 15, 1972), better known by his stage name Chuck Fenda, is an Jamaican American reggae musician and deejay born in Brooklyn, New York.	Chuck Fenda	musician
occupation	Michael Tomasello (born January 18, 1950) is an American developmental and comparative psychologist.	Michael Tomasello	psychologist
occupation	Iva Mišak (born March 16, 1993) is a Croatian alpine skier, member of the Croatian Alpine Ski Team.	Iva Mišak	alpine skier
occupation	Joost Schouten (c1600-1644) was a Dutch East Indies Company figure of considerable repute, in demand as an astute administrator, diplomat, courtier and negotiator for this Dutch colonial and mercantile outpost in the South-East Asian archipelago today known as Indonesia.	Joost Schouten	diplomat
occupation	Mario Luis Fuentes Alcalá (born 18 January 1956) is a Mexican politician and economist who served as Director-General of the Mexican Social Security Institute in 2000.	Mario Luis Fuentes	politician	economist
occupation	Houshang Golmakani is an iranian journalist, film critic and director.	Houshang Golmakani	journalist
occupation	Dr. Fernando Cervigón is a Venezuelan ichthyologist and marine biologist.	Fernando Cervigón	ichthyologist
occupation	Walter Anstead was an English first class cricketer who played six matches for Surrey between 1870 and 1872.	Walter Anstead	cricketer
occupation	Mary Kennedy Carter, (January 13, 1934 -- December 14, 2010) was a social studies teacher and civil rights activist in Ohio, United States.	Mary Kennedy Carter	teacher
occupation	King Django (born Jeffrey Baker) is a highly influential American bandleader, singer, songwriter, arranger, engineer, producer, and multi-instrumentalist, especially in the genres of ska, rocksteady, reggae, dub, dancehall, rhythm & blues and soul.	King Django	singer
occupation	Harold Arceneaux (born April 1, 1977) is an American professional basketball player who gained national attention during his collegiate career at Weber State University (1998--2000).	Harold Arceneaux	basketball player
occupation	Ivans Klementjevs (born November 18, 1960 in Riga) is a Soviet-born Latvian politician and former sprint canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the late 1990s.	Ivans Klementjevs	politician
occupation	Thomas Roydon (ca. 1521-ca. 1565) was an English merchant in the tin trade and politician.	Thomas Roydon	politician
occupation	Nikki Delano (born April 12, 1986) is an American pornographic actress, feature dancer, and model.	Nikki Delano	model
occupation	Kevin Davids (born Kevin Davies) is a British actor, was world Paralympic sabre fencing champion for 4 years, and is best known for his role as Syd in the BBC television series I'm with Stupid.	Kevin Davids	actor
occupation	Jules Flandrin (1871-1947) was a French painter, printer and draughtsman.	Jules Flandrin	painter
occupation	Marshall Williams (born July 31, 1989) is a Canadian actor, model and musician.	Marshall Williams	actor	musician
occupation	David L. Lindsey is an American novelist, working primarily in the mystery and crime fiction genres.	David L. Lindsey	novelist
occupation	Rebecca Schiffman is a singer-songwriter, jewelry designer, and visual artist from New York City.	Rebecca Schiffman	singer-songwriter
occupation	Rosemary Rodriguez is a film and television director.	Rosemary Rodriguez	television director
occupation	Rangachar Narayana Iyengar is a renowned civil engineer from India.	Rangachar Narayana Iyengar	civil engineer
occupation	Brent Sommerhauser is an American sculptor, glassblower, and artist based in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Brent Sommerhauser	artist
occupation	William Bosworth Castle (October 21, 1897 -- August 9, 1990) was an American physician and physiologist who transformed hematology from a ``descriptive art to a dynamic interdisciplinary science.''	William Bosworth Castle	physician
occupation	Maury Yeston (born October 23, 1945) is an American composer, lyricist, educator and musicologist.	Maury Yeston	composer	musicologist
occupation	Peter Merriman is a chef, restaurateur and one of the original 12 founding chefs of Hawaii regional cuisine.	Peter Merriman	chef
occupation	Stanisław Barańczak (November 13, 1946 -- December 26, 2014) was a poet, literary critic, scholar, editor, translator and lecturer.	Stanisław Barańczak	poet	literary critic	translator
occupation	Janez Drozg (April 4, 1933 - November 10, 2005) was a Slovene television and film director from Celje.	Janez Drozg	film director
occupation	Rushad Rana is an Indian television actor.	Rushad Rana	actor
occupation	William Alves Boys (July 9, 1868 -- February 20, 1938) was a politician and barrister.	William Alves Boys	politician
occupation	Santeri Paloniemi (born in November 8, 1993) is a Finnish alpine skier.	Santeri Paloniemi	alpine skier
occupation	Jeff Preiss is an American filmmaker, cinematographer, director and producer known for Let's Get Lost (1988) and Broken Noses (1987).	Jeff Preiss	cinematographer
occupation	John A. Ellsler (September 21, 1821 - August 22, 1903,) was an American actor, theatre manager and acting instructor who helped make Cleveland, Ohio one of the more important theatre towns in post Civil War America.	John A. Ellsler	actor
occupation	Shafiuddin Ahmed (born June 1, 1973, Dhaka) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 11 ODIs from 1997 to 2000.	Shafiuddin Ahmed	cricketer
occupation	Damjan Prelovšek (born February 18, 1945 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian art historian, an expert on the architect Jože Plečnik.	Damjan Prelovšek	art historian
occupation	Inge Schneider-Gabriel is a retired German rower who won a gold, a silver and a bronze medal in the quadruple sculls at the European championships of 1966, 1968 and 1969, respectively.	Inge Schneider-Gabriel	rower
occupation	Bettina Plevan is a New York City lawyer, a partner at the firm Proskauer Rose LLP, and a former president of the New York City Bar Association.	Bettina Plevan	lawyer
occupation	Kim Maltman (born 1951) is a Canadian poet and physicist who lives in Toronto.	Kim Maltman	poet	physicist
occupation	Zaki Ibrahim is a South African-Canadian singer-songwriter.	Zaki Ibrahim	singer
occupation	Willoughby Newton (December 2, 1802 -- May 23, 1874) was a nineteenth-century congressman and lawyer from Virginia.	Willoughby Newton	lawyer
occupation	Richard Smoley is an author and philosopher focusing on the world's mystical and esoteric teachings, particularly those of Western civilization.	Richard Smoley	philosopher
occupation	Milton Sutliff (October 6 or 16, 1806 -- April 24, 1878) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was a member of the Ohio Senate for one year and an Ohio Supreme Court Judge from 1858 to 1863.	Milton Sutliff	politician
occupation	David Westwood, QPM, is a British former police officer.	David Westwood	police officer
occupation	Robert F. Hill (April 14, 1886 -- March 18, 1966) was a Canadian film director, screenwriter, and actor during the silent film era.	Robert F. Hill	film director
occupation	Dr. Casimir Bizimungu (born 1951) is a former Rwandan politician.	Casimir Bizimungu	politician
occupation	Philip J Day, sometimes credited, Phil Day or Philip Day, has nearly two hundred credits as writer, producer or director on network shows.	Philip J Day	writer
occupation	Leon Ichaso (born August 3, 1948) is a Cuban American writer and film director.	Leon Ichaso	film director
occupation	Frank Reicher (December 2, 1875 -- January 19, 1965), was a German-born American stage and film actor, director and producer.	Frank Reicher	actor
occupation	Rachel McTavish is a broadcast journalist currently working freelance with STV Central.	Rachel McTavish	journalist
occupation	Diana Reb, better known by her stage name Univz (pronounced (juː'nɪvz)), is a Ukrainian progressive and electro house DJ, producer, singer and songwriter.	Univz	singer
occupation	Roberto Jacoby (born 1944) is an Argentinian artist and sociologist.	Roberto Jacoby	sociologist
occupation	Mark Warnow (April 10, 1900 - October 17, 1949) was a noted violinist and orchestra conductor, who performed widely on radio in the 1930s and 1940s.	Mark Warnow	violinist	conductor
occupation	Asia Nitollano (born February 14, 1988) is an American singer, dancer, model and cheerleader.	Asia Nitollano	singer	dancer	model
occupation	Lu Chuan (born 1971) is a Chinese filmmaker, screenwriter and producer.	Lu Chuan	screenwriter
occupation	Isaías Carrasco (1964 -- March 7, 2008) was a Basque politician, affiliated with the PSE.	Isaías Carrasco	politician
occupation	Bill Mack (born 1932) is an American country music singer, songwriter, and radio host.	Bill Mack	radio host
occupation	Carlos A. Giménez (born January 17, 1954) is a Cuban American retired firefighter and Mayor of Miami-Dade County, Florida, elected to office June 28, 2011 in a special election.	Carlos A. Giménez	firefighter
occupation	Hans Methlie Michelsen (March 29, 1920 - January 31, 2014 ) is a Norwegian judge.	Hans Methlie Michelsen	judge
occupation	Sydney Bennett, known by her stage name as Syd tha Kyd Scott or more recently Syd (born April 23, 1992) is a singer, producer and DJ from Crenshaw, Los Angeles, California.	Syd tha Kyd	singer
occupation	Schuyler Andrews (April 2, 1983) is an American professional wrestler and mixed martial artist, better known by his ring name Scorpio Sky.	Scorpio Sky	mixed martial artist
occupation	Despite his keenness to fight another bishop, Thomas de Rossy had apparently refused the offer of combat given by an English priest because of the latter's lower status.	Thomas de Rossy	priest
occupation	Joseph Spring (also known as William Joseph Spring) is a mathematician and computer scientist in the School of Computer Science at the University of Hertfordshire.	Joseph Spring	mathematician	computer scientist
occupation	Matthew VanDyke (born circa 1980) is an American documentary filmmaker, revolutionary, and former journalist.	Matthew VanDyke	documentary filmmaker	revolutionary	journalist
occupation	Wolfgang Blum (born Wolfgang Hans-Joachim Blümel; January 17, 1961) is a European singer-songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist known by the stage name blum.	Wolfgang Blum	singer
occupation	John Stuart Scott (sometimes credited as John Scott or John S. Scott) is an American television director and Producer who has directed episodes for several well-known series including Glee, The Office and Chuck.	John Stuart Scott	television director
occupation	Arianna Vanderpool-Wallace (born March 4, 1990) is a competitive swimmer and national record-holder from the Bahamas who has represented her country in international championships, including the Olympics, FINA world championships, and Pan American Games.	Arianna Vanderpool-Wallace	swimmer
occupation	Dr Barry Traill is an Australian zoologist, conservationist and one of Australia's leading environmental campaigners.	Barry Traill	zoologist
occupation	Wayne Harris, Jr. (born October 30, 1959) is a former Canadian football linebacker and the current head coach for the University of Calgary's football team, the Calgary Dinos.	Wayne Harris, Jr.	head coach
occupation	Antonio Bertoletti, also known as Antoine Marc Augustin Bertoletti (August 28, 1775 -- March 6, 1846) was a Milanese military officer who served the French Empire as a general of brigade, notably in the Peninsular War.	Antoine Marc Augustin Bertoletti	officer
occupation	Mikheil Makharadze (Georgian: მიხეილ მახარაძე) (born November 13, 1946) is a Georgian politician and historian of philosophy, who was the Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Autonomous Republic of Adjara from July 20, 2004, to October 28, 2012.	Mikheil Makharadze	historian
occupation	Edward Chaffyn (fl. 1542) was an English politician.	Edward Chaffyn	politician
occupation	Joseph Meir Weiss (Weisz) (Hebrew: יוסף מאיר ווייס‎), also known as the Imrei Yosef after his major work, (March 15, 1838 -- May 26, 1909) was a Hungarian rabbi and founder of the Spinka Hasidic dynasty.	Joseph Meir Weiss	rabbi
occupation	Alan Hovhaness (/hoʊˈvɑːnɪs/; Armenian: Ալան Յովհաննէս, March 8, 1911 -- June 21, 2000) was an American composer of Armenian and Scottish descent.	Alan Hovhaness	composer
occupation	Audrius Beinorius (born September 28, 1964 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian philosopher, orientalist (specialist of Indology, Buddhist studies and Comparative Studies), translator, Habilitated Doctor of Humane Letters.	Audrius Beinorius	philosopher
occupation	Brent Adams (born October 2, 1990 in Norwalk, Connecticut) is a professional lacrosse player with the Boston Cannons of Major League Lacrosse and was an All-American midfielder at Fairfield University.	Brent Adams	lacrosse player
occupation	Jane Allsop is married to actor David Serafin, who she met at aged 13 during acting class, but did not start dating him until years later.	Jane Allsop	actor
occupation	Brian Gwaspari is a British actor who made frequent guest star roles throughout the 1970s and 1980s.	Brian Gwaspari	actor
occupation	Charles Kingsley Meek FRAI FRGS (1885--1965), was a British anthropologist.	Charles Kingsley Meek	anthropologist
occupation	Major General Sarath Munasinghe, RWP, RSP, USP, ndc, psc, SLA was a Sri Lankan General and a politician.	Sarath Munasinghe	politician
occupation	Otto Allen Will, Jr. (April 26, 1910 -- November 17, 1993) was a U.S. psychiatrist whose work in psychoanalysis focused on treatment of schizophrenic / schizophrenia patients using intensive psychotherapy.	Otto Allen Will, Jr.	psychiatrist
occupation	Carter DeHaven (born Francis O'Callaghan, October 5, 1886 -- July 20, 1977) was an American movie and stage actor, movie director, and writer.	Carter DeHaven	actor
occupation	Alexa Junge is a television writer, producer and screenwriter.	Alexa Junge	writer
occupation	Lee Paul (born June 16, 1939) is an American actor who appeared in many television shows primarily in the early and mid 1970s.	Lee Paul	actor
occupation	Ali Pahlavan (Persian: علی پهلوان‎‎) (born 1 May 1975) is an Iranian musician, singer-songwriter, lyricist and composer.	Ali Pahlavan	musician	singer
occupation	Michael Mortimore (born 7 September 1937, Bermuda) is a British geographer and a prolific researcher of issues in the African drylands.	Michael Mortimore	geographer
occupation	Fazio Cardano (1444 -- August 28, 1524) was an Italian jurist and mathematician.	Fazio Cardano	mathematician
occupation	Don Jordan (June 22, 1934 -- February 13, 1997) was a boxer born in Los Angeles, California and was the undisputed Welterweight Champion of the World from 1958 to 1960.	Don Jordan	boxer
occupation	William Preston Johnston (January 5, 1831 -- July 16, 1899) was a lawyer, scholar, poet, and Confederate soldier.	William Preston Johnston	poet
occupation	The delegation included Amshinover rabbi Shimon Sholom Kalish.	Shimon Sholom Kalish	rabbi
occupation	Iskandar Beg Munshi , a.k.a. Iskandar Beg Turkoman (ca. 1560 - ca. 1632) -- was a Persian or Turkoman historian, the court historian of the Safavid emperor Shah Abbas I. Iskandar Beg began as an accountant in the bureaucracy, but later became a privileged secretary of the Shahs.	Iskandar Beg Munshi	historian
occupation	David C. Robertson (born ca 1960) is an American computer scientist, organizational theorist, Professor of Practice at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and management consultant, known for his contributions in the fields of IT management and Enterprise architecture.	David C. Robertson	computer scientist
occupation	Jonathan Larson (February 4, 1960 -- January 25, 1996) was an American composer and playwright noted for exploring the social issues of multiculturalism, addiction, and homophobia in his work.	Jonathan Larson	composer
occupation	Beka Gviniashvili is a Georgian judoka who became European Junior Champion in 2013 in Sarajevo and won the World Junior Championships U21 in 2013 in Ljubljana and EYOF in 2011.	Beka Gviniashvili	judoka
occupation	Ben Weisman (November 16, 1921 -- May 20, 2007) was an eccentric American composer significant for having written more songs recorded by Elvis Presley (fifty seven) than any other songwriter in history.	Ben Weisman	composer	songwriter
occupation	Danny Havoc is an American professional wrestler, best known for his work in Combat Zone Wrestling, Westside Xtreme Wrestling, Big Japan Pro Wrestling, IWA Mid-South, and IWA Deep-South, where he is known as an extreme or ``deathmatch'' wrestler.	Danny Havoc	professional wrestler
occupation	Mark J. F. Schroeder (born December 13, 1955) is a Democratic politician who currently serves as the comptroller for the city of Buffalo, New York.	Mark J. F. Schroeder	politician
occupation	Vitaly Korotich is a Soviet, Ukrainian and Russian writer and journalist.	Vitaly Korotich	journalist
occupation	Seth Farber is an American Modern Orthodox rabbi and historian, best known for his work helping Jews navigate the Israeli religious bureaucracy.	Seth Farber	rabbi
occupation	Keith Alan Morris (born October 9, 1972 in South Bend, Indiana) is an American writer/film director and producer.	Keith Alan Morris	film director
occupation	Alan Smolinisky (born November 28, 1979) is an American entrepreneur/investor who began his career in commercial real estate in the late 1990s while attending the University of Southern California.	Alan Smolinisky	entrepreneur
occupation	Sacha Craddock is an independent art critic, writer & curator based in London.	Sacha Craddock	art critic	curator
occupation	Raji Arasu is an Indian American Internet technology engineer and product executive.	Raji Arasu	engineer
occupation	Luca Rosetti (1705-1770) was an Italian painter and architect of the 18th century, active in the region of the Piedmont.	Luca Rosetti	painter
occupation	Pearl Mary Teresa Craigie (November 3, 1867 -- August 13, 1906) was an Anglo-American novelist and dramatist who wrote under the pen-name of John Oliver Hobbes.	John Oliver Hobbes	novelist
occupation	James Broselow (born January 12, 1943 in Woodbury, NJ, USA) is an American emergency physician, an assistant professor, an inventor and an entrepreneur.	James Broselow	inventor	entrepreneur
occupation	Otto Julius Klotz OLS, DLS, DTS (March 31, 1852 -- December 28, 1923) was a Canadian astronomer and Dominion Surveyor.	Otto Julius Klotz	astronomer
occupation	Kari Lavoie (born Kari MacLean on December 25, 1977 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian curler.	Kari Lavoie	curler
occupation	Béatrice Nirere is a Rwandan politician who was convicted of genocide for her involvement in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide.	Béatrice Nirere	politician
occupation	Morgan Stevens (born October 16, 1951, in Knoxville, Tennessee) is an American actor, primarily seen on television.	Morgan Stevens	actor
occupation	Howard Terpning (born November 5, 1927) is an American painter and illustrator best known for his paintings of Native Americans.	Howard Terpning	painter	illustrator
occupation	Emilio Zebadúa González (January 13, 1961 - ) is a Mexican politician who served as Consejero Electoral of the Federal Electoral Institute (IFE).	Emilio Zebadúa	politician
occupation	Tusi Tamasese (born in 1975 or 1976 in Samoa) is a Samoan New Zealander film director.	Tusi Tamasese	film director
occupation	Björn Cederberg (born July 23, 1937), nicknamed ``Kapten'' (engl. Captain, due to his rank in the Swedish army), was a notable Swedish rally co-driver.	Björn Cederberg	co-driver
occupation	Darren T. Holmes is a film editor whose credits include five animated films The Iron Giant (1999), Lilo & Stitch (2002), Ratatouille (2007), How to Train Your Dragon (2010), The Croods (2013) and Song of the Sea (2014).	Darren T. Holmes	film editor
occupation	Niyazi Zulfigar oglu Tagizade Hajibeyov (Azerbaijani: Niyazi Zülfiqar oğlu Hacıbəyov) (1912--1984) was a prominent Soviet Azerbaijani conductor, and composer of the renowned symphonic mugam ``Rast''.	Niyazi	conductor	composer
occupation	Philippe Legrain is a British political economist and writer.	Philippe Legrain	economist
occupation	Birgitte Einarsen is a Norwegian singer and musical theatre artist from Helgeroa in Larvik, Vestfold county.	Birgitte Einarsen	singer
occupation	Rob Dickerman is a neurological and spine surgeon from Plano, Texas, who has performed high-profile surgical procedures on professional athletes.	Rob Dickerman	surgeon
occupation	Che Arthur is an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and an engineer/tour manager.	Che Arthur	songwriter
occupation	Said Durrah (Arabic: سعيد درة‎; born February 9, 1982) is an American stand-up comedian of Arab descent.	Said Durrah	comedian
occupation	Neil Montier is a London-born photographer and digital artist.	Neil Montier	photographer
occupation	Thozamile Botha (b.16 June 1948) is a South African politician.	Thozamile Botha	politician
occupation	Kourtney Klein is a music producer, vocalist, keyboardist, and drummer who currently fronts the synthpop band Army on the Dance Floor.	Kourtney Klein	drummer
occupation	Peregrine of Opole (c. 1260 -- ?) was a Silesian Dominican friar.	Peregrine of Opole	friar
occupation	Little Willy Foster or Little Willie Foster (April 20, 1922 -- November 25, 1987) was an American Chicago blues harmonicist, singer, and songwriter.	Little Willy Foster	songwriter
occupation	Hassan Sheheryar Yasin, simply known as H S Y, is a Pakistani fashion designer.	Hassan Sheheryar Yasin	fashion designer
occupation	Roman Dmitriyev (Russian: Роман Михайлович Дмитриев ; 1949 -- 2010) was a Russian competitive wrestler and coach, and politician.	Roman Dmitriyev	politician
occupation	Gilles Zolty is a Canadian musician, singer, songwriter and producer.	Gilles Zolty	musician	singer, songwriter
occupation	Tymofei Koreichuk (c. 1879 -- October, 1919) was a prominent peasant politician in Galicia and Bukovina (now Ukraine) who became an early Ukrainian Canadian labour leader.	Tymofei Koreichuk	politician
occupation	Jennifer Solow is an American novelist, author of The Aristobrats and The Booster.	Jennifer Solow	novelist
occupation	William Gordon Mathews (February 26, 1877 -- 1923) was a Federal judge and lawyer from Charleston, West Virginia, serving as Referee in Bankruptcy for Kanawha, West Virginia 1898-1908, and Clerk of the Court for Kanawha 1903-1904.	William Gordon Mathews	lawyer
occupation	Earl Riley (February 18, 1890 -- August 17, 1965) was an Oregon politician and businessman, and mayor of Portland, Oregon 1941--1949.	Earl Riley	politician
occupation	George William Hill (March 3, 1838 -- April 16, 1914), was an American astronomer and mathematician.	George William Hill	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Robert P. Higgins (born 1932) is a systematic invertebrate zoologist and ecologist.	Robert P. Higgins	zoologist
occupation	Adam Niswander (February 2, 1946 - August 12, 2012) was an American short story writer and novelist.	Adam Niswander	novelist
occupation	Gonzalo Rubalcaba (born May 27, 1963) is a Grammy Award-winning Afro-Cuban jazz pianist and composer.	Gonzalo Rubalcaba	pianist	composer
occupation	Mallika Yunis is an Indian writer who writes novels in Malayalam language.	Mallika Yunis	writer
occupation	Mark Dodd (born September 14, 1965) is a former U.S. soccer goalkeeper.	Mark Dodd	goalkeeper
occupation	Thad Ackel (born May 24, 1955) is a retired American thoroughbred horse trainer.	Thad Ackel	horse trainer
occupation	Yasmín Mejías Lugo is a Puerto Rican actress, comedian, singer, politician and former Senator.	Yasmín Mejías	politician
occupation	Suze DeMarchi (born 14 February 1964) is an Australian singer-songwriter, best known for fronting the band Baby Animals (1989--1994, 2007--present).	Suze DeMarchi	singer
occupation	Christina Fredenheim was a well-known and acknowledged non professional musician and singer.	Christina Fredenheim	musician
occupation	Pang Kim Hin is a businessman and former politician from Singapore.	Pang Kim Hin	politician
occupation	Roberts Vaux (January 25, 1786 -- January 7, 1836) was an American lawyer, jurist, abolitionist, and philanthropist.	Roberts Vaux	lawyer	philanthropist
occupation	Seth Mitchell (born May 29, 1982 in Brandywine, Maryland) is a professional boxer in the heavyweight division.	Seth Mitchell	boxer
occupation	Tina Kover (born March 20, 1975 in Denver, Colorado, USA) is a literary translator.	Tina Kover	translator
occupation	Robert Hallowell Richards (August 26, 1844 -- March 27, 1945) was an American mining engineer, metallurgist, and educator, born at Gardiner, Maine.	Robert Hallowell Richards	mining engineer
occupation	John Lovelady is an American puppeteer who worked with the Muppets, including on the PBS series Sesame Street.	John Lovelady	puppeteer
occupation	Rick Mather (May 30, 1937 -- April 20, 2013) was an American-born architect working in England.	Rick Mather	architect
occupation	Chase Vincent Malone (born May 25, 1987), more commonly known as Cha Cha Malone, is an American singer, music producer, songwriter, composer, and member of b-boy crew, Art of Movement (AOM), from Seattle, Washington.	Cha Cha Malone	composer
occupation	Nikolaos Sophianos (Greek: Νικόλαος Σοφιανός; c. 1500 -- after 1551) was a Greek Renaissance humanist and cartographer chiefly noted for his Totius Graeciae Descriptio map and his grammar of Greek.	Nikolaos Sophianos	cartographer
occupation	Edward Dolnick (born November 10, 1952) is an American writer, formerly a science writer at the Boston Globe.	Edward Dolnick	writer
occupation	Russian writer Mikhail Bulgakov wrote a semi-fictitious biography-tribute to Molière, titled Life of Mr. de Molière.	Molière	writer
occupation	Renee Powell (born May 4, 1946) is an American professional golfer who played on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour and is currently head professional at her family's Clearview Golf Club in East Canton, Ohio.	Renee Powell	golfer
occupation	Brunson Green is a film producer and president of Harbinger Pictures.	Brunson Green	film producer
occupation	Robert Hamilton Paterson (1843--1911) was a Scottish architect and partner in the architectural practice, Hamilton-Paterson and Rhind.	Robert Hamilton Paterson	architect
occupation	Yiannis Evangelides (Greek: Γιάννης Ευαγγελίδης) was a Greek fashion designer.	Yiannis Evangelides	fashion designer
occupation	كامشاد كوشان Iranian-born & Bay Area film director, screenwriter and film producer, Kamshad Kooshan, immigrated to the United States at the age of Sixteen.	Kamshad Kooshan	film director
occupation	Hugh Aglionby (by 1521-52/54), of London, was an English politician.	Hugh Aglionby	politician
occupation	John Bertram Oakes (April 23, 1913 -- April 5, 2001) was an iconoclastic and influential U.S. journalist known for his early commitment to the environment, civil rights, and opposition to the Vietnam War.	John Bertram Oakes	journalist
occupation	Barry Blitt is a cartoonist and illustrator, best known for his New Yorker covers and as a regular contributor to the op-ed page of the New York Times.	Barry Blitt	cartoonist
occupation	Manuel Dias de Oliveira (1763/4, Cachoeiras de Macacu - 25 April 1837, Campos dos Goytacazes) was a Brazilian painter, decorator and art professor.	Manuel Dias de Oliveira	painter
occupation	William Heiskell (1788 -- September 9, 1871) was an American politician, active primarily in Tennessee, in the mid-19th century.	William Heiskell	politician
occupation	C K Meena is a journalist, novelist and newspaper columnist.	C K Meena	journalist
occupation	According to Conservative politician Boris Johnson, Abu Qatada's residence in Britain is estimated to have cost the British taxpayer at least £500,000 in benefit payments to his family and other expenses by early 2012.	Abu Qatada	politician
occupation	Samuel Martin Thompson (1901--1983) was an American philosopher, frequent contributor to scholarly journals and author of three bestselling textbooks of philosophy.	Samuel Martin Thompson	philosopher
occupation	Stephanie Skabo (born May 23, 1983 in Greenwich, Connecticut, USA), is an American/Norwegian figurative painter and photographer.	Stephanie Skabo	painter	photographer
occupation	Henry Bergman (February 23, 1868 -- October 22, 1946) was an American actor of stage and film, known for his long association with Charlie Chaplin.	Henry Bergman	actor
occupation	Pauline Nyiramasuhuko (born 1946) is a Rwandan politician who was the Minister for Family Welfare and the Advancement of Women.	Pauline Nyiramasuhuko	politician
occupation	Charles Vallée (born November 18, 1861, date of death unknown) was a French archer.	Charles Vallée	archer
occupation	Johann Halbig, (also Johann von Halbig) (July 13, 1814 -- August 29, 1882) was a German sculptor of the Classicism school.	Johann Halbig	sculptor
occupation	Chris Kinard (born November 8, 1950, in Pasadena, California) is an American badminton player who was considered the top U.S. singles player in the 1970s, having been the U.S. # 1 ranked men's singles player for 7 of the decade's 10 years.	Chris Kinard	badminton player
occupation	Amandine Chaignot (born May 1, 1979) is a French cooking chef.	Amandine Chaignot	chef
occupation	Safeway Goya was the stage name for Alex de Rafols while lead singer of The Nobodys, an American new wave band from Los Angeles, California (not to be confused with the punk band of the same name from Colorado Springs, Colorado) best known for the 1984 album No Guarantees and its eponymous single.	Safeway Goya	singer
occupation	Liana Isakadze (Georgian: ლიანა ისაკაძე, Russian: Лиана Александровна Исакадзе, German: Liana Isakadse) (born August 2, 1946) is a Georgian violinist.	Liana Isakadze	violinist
occupation	James Mountain was a prominent lawyer, educator and academic administrator in Western Pennsylvania during the early 19th century.	James Mountain	lawyer
occupation	Sydney Emanuel Mudd II (June 20, 1885 -- October 11, 1924) was an American attorney and politician from Maryland's 5th congressional district, elected to several terms as a US Representative in Congress, dying in office.	Sydney Emanuel Mudd II	politician
occupation	Arthur G. Elliott, Jr. (October 17, 1916 -- August 18, 2003) was an American politician from the state of Michigan.	Arthur G. Elliott, Jr.	politician
occupation	Jan Theobald Held (December 11, 1770 -- June 20, 1851), also known as Johann Theobald Held was a Czech physician, educator, musician, and composer.	Jan Theobald Held	physician	composer
occupation	Trishelle Cannatella (born November 4, 1979) is an American reality TV contestant, Playboy model, and actress, known for her appearances on the MTV reality television series The Real World:	Trishelle Cannatella	model
occupation	Robert Frank (born November 9, 1924) is an American photographer and documentary filmmaker.	Robert Frank	photographer
occupation	Johann Manlius (Latin: Joannes Manlius, Slovene: Janez Mandelc) was an early modern era printer who owned a printing house and operated it in a number of small towns in Habsburg Hungary.	Johann Manlius	printer
occupation	Jam Rostron (formerly Janine), better known by her stage name Planningtorock, is an English electronic musician and record producer who lives in Berlin, Germany.	Planningtorock	musician
occupation	Tohby Riddle is an Australian cartoonist and picture-book creator.	Tohby Riddle	cartoonist
occupation	Robert John Spencer (known as J. Robert Spencer) is an American actor and singer, who was nominated for a Tony Award for his work in the Broadway musical Next to Normal.	J. Robert Spencer	actor
occupation	Eugene Skeef FRSA is a South African percussionist, composer, poet, educationalist and animator living in London since 1980.	Eugene Skeef	composer
occupation	Trine Hattestad (née Elsa Katrine Solberg) is a former Norwegian javelin thrower.	Trine Hattestad	javelin thrower
occupation	Kim Holland (born August 6, 1955) is an American politician and insurance professional from the U.S. state of Oklahoma.	Kim Holland	politician
occupation	Tomislav Krizman (1882--1955), was a Croatian painter, graphic artist, costume and set designer, teacher, author and organizer of cultural events.	Tomislav Krizman	painter
occupation	Elena Dabija is a librarian and activist from Moldova.	Elena Dabija	librarian
occupation	Liz Duffy Adams is an American playwright who has written many plays including A Fabulous Beast, The Reckless Ruthless, Brutal Charge of It/Train Play, Dog Act, One Big Lie, The Listener, Or, and others.	Liz Duffy Adams	playwright
occupation	Damodar Das Arora (Punjabi: ਦਮੋਦਰ ਦਾਸ ਅਰੋੜਾ, دمودر داس اروڑا) was a Punjabi poet, belonging to the Jhang District.He was a very famous writer of book in Punjab and jhang district.	Damodar Das Arora	poet
occupation	Augustin Banyaga (born March 31, 1947) is a Rwandan-born American mathematician whose research fields include symplectic topology and contact geometry.	Augustin Banyaga	mathematician
occupation	Kawal Sharma is an Indian film director and producer of Bollywood.	Kawal Sharma	film director
occupation	Geraldine Dawson, Ph.D. is an American child clinical psychologist, specializing in autism.	Geraldine Dawson	psychologist
occupation	Dr. Abraham Coles (December 26, 1813 -- May 3, 1891) was an American physician, translator, author and poet from New Jersey.	Abraham Coles	physician	translator	poet
occupation	Gene Beery (born 1937) is an American painter and photographer, who has been described as an expressionist, Pop artist, Minimalist, and Conceptualist in the span of his fifty-plus years career.	Gene Beery	painter
occupation	Toni Jeričević (born July 17, 1983) is a young Croatian businessman turned actor and TV host who appeared in American and Croatian theatre plays, commercials and national television productions.	Toni Jeričević	actor
occupation	Michelle Mae is an American musician from the state of Washington, who is known for playing in rock 'n' roll groups such as The Make-Up and Weird War.	Michelle Mae	musician
occupation	Edward Jay Allen (April 27, 1830 - December 26, 1915) was a pioneer, entrepreneur, and businessman.	Edward Jay Allen	entrepreneur
occupation	Jade Kindar-Martin (born February 16, 1974) is a highwire walker and circus performer.	Jade Kindar-Martin	circus performer
occupation	Lennart Ginman (born March 1960) is a Danish bassist, composer and music producer.	Lennart Ginman	composer
occupation	His son, Derek Curtis Bok, became a lawyer, dean of Harvard Law School, and president of Harvard University.	Curtis Bok	lawyer
occupation	Rockwilder (born Dana Stinson on February 2, 1971) is an American hip hop record producer and singer.	Rockwilder	record producer
occupation	Robert Jay Lifton (born May 16, 1926) is an American psychiatrist and author, chiefly known for his studies of the psychological causes and effects of war and political violence and for his theory of thought reform.	Robert Jay Lifton	psychiatrist
occupation	Dave McClure is an entrepreneur and angel investor based in the San Francisco Bay Area, who founded and runs the business accelerator 500 Startups.	Dave McClure	entrepreneur
occupation	Sally Schneider is a journalist and Founding Editor of the website 'the improvised life'.	Sally Schneider	journalist
occupation	Countdown - Countdown is the Star Brigade's combat astronaut.	Star Brigade	astronaut
occupation	William Still (October 7, 1821 -- July 14, 1902) was an African-American abolitionist in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, conductor on the Underground Railroad, writer, historian and civil rights activist.	William Still	writer	historian
occupation	Mickey Clark is an English financial journalist, currently working for the London Evening Standard and BBC Radio 5 Live.	Mickey Clark	journalist
occupation	Narciso Isa Conde is a socialist revolutionary, politician, writer and essayist from the Dominican Republic.	Narciso Isa Conde	writer
occupation	Nick Thuillier was an Irish fencer.	Nick Thuillier	fencer
occupation	Mangle Minthorne Tompkins (December 26, 1807 -- June 5, 1881 New York City) was an American politician from New York.	Minthorne Tompkins	politician
occupation	Art Sherman (born June 15, 1937) is an American horse trainer and former jockey.	Art Sherman	horse trainer	jockey
occupation	John R. Clymer (born 1941) is an American systems engineer, and professor of electrical engineering and systems engineering at California State University, Fullerton (CSUF).	John R. Clymer	engineer
occupation	Adriano Cecioni (July 26, 1836 -- May 23, 1886) was an Italian artist, caricaturist, and critic associated with the Macchiaioli group.	Adriano Cecioni	caricaturist
occupation	Robert Kaplow (born c. 1954) is an American novelist and teacher whose coming-of-age novel was made into a film titled Me and Orson Welles.	Robert Kaplow	novelist
occupation	Marielli Sfakianaki-Manolidou (born 12 January 1945) is a Greek writer, singer and composer.	Marielli Sfakianaki	composer
occupation	Shirley Collie Nelson (March 16, 1931 -- January 27, 2010), born Shirley Angelina Simpson, was an American country music and rockabilly singer, yodeler, guitarist and songwriter.	Shirley Collie Nelson	singer	yodeler
occupation	Gaius Julius Victor (4th century) was a Roman writer of rhetoric, possibly of Gaulish origin.	Gaius Julius Victor	writer
occupation	Peter Wade Keusch, more commonly known as just Peter Wade, is a Grammy Award winning record producer, recording engineer, mixer, songwriter and A&R.	Peter Wade Keusch	engineer
occupation	Georg Klusemann worked as a painter, drawer, etcher, and author of children books.	Georg Klusemann	painter
occupation	Vicente Sotto y Yap (April 18, 1877 -- May 28, 1950) was a Filipino politician and former Senator of the Philippines.	Vicente Sotto	politician
occupation	Helgaud or Helgaldus (d. c. 1048), French historian and biographer, was a monk of the Benedictine Abbey of Fleury.	Helgaud	historian
occupation	Maysoon Zayid (Arabic: ميسون زايد‎) is a Palestinian-American actress, comedian, known as one of America's first Muslim women comedians and the first person ever to perform standup in Palestine and Jordan.	Maysoon Zayid	comedian
occupation	Moses ben Joseph ben Merwan ha-Levi (flourished about the middle of the twelfth century) was a prominent Provençal rabbi and Talmudist.	Moses ben Joseph ben Merwan ha-Levi	rabbi
occupation	Marlon St. Julien (born February 13, 1972 in Lafayette, Louisiana) is an American equestrian professional in Thoroughbred horse racing.In 2000, he became the first African-American jockey to ride in the Kentucky Derby in 79 years, when he rode Curule to a seventh-place finish.	Marlon St. Julien	jockey
occupation	Jamie Barber is a British restaurateur, founder and CEO of Hush restaurant in Mayfair, London, and the Cabana Brasilian Barbecue group.	Jamie Barber	restaurateur
occupation	Marcus Aemilius Barbula was a Roman politician from the gens Aemilia He was a consul in 230 BC alongside Marcus Junius Pera, succeeding Marcus Pomponius Matho and Gaius Papirius Maso and preceding Lucius Postumius Albinus (consul 234 BC) and Gnaeus Fulvius Centumalus..	Marcus Aemilius Barbula	politician
occupation	Susan Page (born February 12, 1951) is an American journalist and the current Washington Bureau Chief for USA Today.	Susan Page	journalist
occupation	Denis Kitchen (born August 27, 1946) is an American underground cartoonist, publisher, author, agent, and the founder of the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund.	Denis Kitchen	cartoonist
occupation	Elaine Breeden Penrose (born November 18, 1988), née Elaine Breeden, is an American competition swimmer and Olympic silver medalist.	Elaine Breeden	swimmer
occupation	Dudley Carleton, 1st Viscount Dorchester (1573--1632) was an English art collector, diplomat and Secretary of State.	Dudley Carleton, 1st Viscount Dorchester	diplomat
occupation	Alejandra Ribera is a Canadian pop and jazz singer-songwriter, who performs material in English, French and Spanish.	Alejandra Ribera	singer
occupation	Bob Donewald, Sr. (Born May 29, 1942) is a retired American college basketball coach.	Bob Donewald	basketball coach
occupation	Sunil Shroff is a urologist and transplant surgeon from India.	Sunil Shroff	urologist
occupation	Darell Hammond is an American philanthropist, founder and chief executive officer of the non-profit organization KaBOOM! that helps communities build playgrounds for children.	Darell Hammond	chief executive officer
occupation	Noam Galai (born September 9, 1984 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli photographer based in New York City.	Noam Galai	photographer
occupation	Eddie Fontaine (March 6, 1927 -- April 13, 1992) was an American actor and singer, best known for television roles in the 1960s and 1970s.	Eddie Fontaine	singer
occupation	Dušan Jurkovič (August 23, 1868 - December 21, 1947) was a Slovak architect, ethnographer and artist.	Dušan Jurkovič	architect
occupation	Bruce Brown (born December 1, 1937) is an American documentary film director, known as an early pioneer of the surf film.	Bruce Brown	film director
occupation	Captain Harold Anthony Oaks was a Canadian-born World War I flying ace credited with 11 confirmed aerial victories.	Harold Anthony Oaks	flying ace
occupation	Carlo Wolff is a prolific freelance journalist who writes for publications including The Boston Globe, Chicago Sun-Times, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, The Plain Dealer (Cleveland, Ohio) and The Christian Science Monitor.	Carlo Wolff	journalist
occupation	William McGaa (born in the 1820s) was a mountain man and one of the early figures in the history of the Colorado settlement of St. Charles (now called Denver).	William McGaa	mountain man
occupation	Mohammed Musa, known by his pen name Purnam Allahabadi was a Urdu poet.	Purnam Allahabadi	poet
occupation	Anthony Franciosa (October 25, 1928 -- January 19, 2006), usually billed as Tony Franciosa during the height of his career, was an American film, TV and stage actor.	Anthony Franciosa	actor
occupation	Ernest Flagg (February 6, 1857 -- April 10, 1947) was a noted American architect in the Beaux-Arts style.	Ernest Flagg	architect
occupation	Young-Kee Kim is a South Korean-born American physicist.	Young-Kee Kim	physicist
occupation	Jack O'Halloran (born April 8, 1943) is an American former boxer and actor.	Jack O'Halloran	actor
occupation	Claudia Millian (also Millian-Minulescu; February 21, 1887 -- September 21, 1961) was a Romanian poet.	Claudia Millian	poet
occupation	Decimus Iūnius Iuvenālis (ˈdɛkɪmʊs ˈjuː.ni.ʊs ˈjʊ.wɛ.naː.lɪs), known in English as Juvenal /ˈdʒuːvənəl/, was a Roman poet active in the late 1st and early 2nd century CE, author of the Satires.	Juvenal	poet
occupation	Gérard Lebel (born January 12, 1930) was a Canadian politician from Quebec.	Gérard Lebel	politician
occupation	Peter Elleray (born 30 June 1958) is an English engineer and race car designer particularly known for designing the Bentley Speed 8 race car.	Peter Elleray	engineer
occupation	Rachael Sage is an American singer-songwriter and producer, visual artist, and founded her own record label at the dawn of her musical career.	Rachael Sage	singer-songwriter
occupation	Dorothy Riddle is an American-Canadian psychologist, feminist and economic development specialist.	Dorothy Riddle	psychologist
occupation	Chris Hanley is an American film producer best known for producing independent films such as Buffalo 66, The Virgin Suicides, American Psycho, Spun, Spring Breakers, and London Fields.	Chris Hanley	film producer
occupation	Steven Lippman is a former competitive surfer and skateboarder turned commercial photographer and director who has been called ``one of the most explosive and diverse photographers around today.''	Steven Lippman	photographer
occupation	Leonid Hambro (June 26, 1920, Chicago -- October 23, 2006, New York City) was an American concert pianist and composer.	Leonid Hambro	composer
occupation	Bartolomeo Veneto (active 1502 -- 1546) was an Italian painter who worked in Venice, the Veneto (the mainland), and Lombardy.	Bartolomeo Veneto	painter
occupation	Matthew McNeely (May 11, 1920 -- September 11, 2002) was a Michigan state politician.	Matthew McNeely	politician
occupation	June Lascelles (23 January 1924 -- 15 July 2004) was an Australian microbiologist.	June Lascelles	microbiologist
occupation	John Fayram, a portrait and landscape painter, practised in London.	John Fayram	painter
occupation	Lars Onsager (November 27, 1903 -- October 5, 1976) was a Norwegian-born American physical chemist and theoretical physicist.	Lars Onsager	chemist	physicist
occupation	Antun Sarti was a Dalmatian politician that served as the Mayor of Split in 1810.	Antun Sarti	politician
occupation	Sara Amato (born November 13, 1980) is an American professional wrestling trainer and retired professional wrestler best known by her ring name Sara Del Rey.	Sara Del Rey	professional wrestler
occupation	Donald McCaig (born January 1, 1940, in Butte, Montana) is an American novelist, poet, essayist and sheepdog trainer.	Donald McCaig	novelist
occupation	Jenny Lin is a Taiwanese-born American pianist.	Jenny Lin	pianist
occupation	The Solicitor General of Florida or Florida Solicitor General is the top appellate (appeals) solicitor (lawyer) for the U.S. State of Florida.	Florida Solicitor General	solicitor
occupation	Louise DeKoven Bowen (also Louise deKoven Bowen; February 26, 1859 -- November 9, 1953) was an American philanthropist, civic leader, social reformer, and suffragist.	Louise DeKoven Bowen	philanthropist
occupation	Shawn Rivera is a Grammy nominated American singer, songwriter, producer, percussionist and arranger best known for his work in the multi-platinum selling R&B vocal group, Az Yet.	Shawn Rivera	songwriter
occupation	Caroline Finkel is a British historian and writer based in Turkey; she has a doctorate in Ottoman history from the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London.	Caroline Finkel	historian
occupation	Celia Sánchez-Ramos is a scientist and researcher in the area of protection and prevention of vision.	Celia Sánchez-Ramos	scientist
occupation	Leland John Haworth (July 11, 1904 -- March 5, 1979) was an American particle physicist.	Leland John Haworth	physicist
occupation	Johan Frederik Møller, also J. F. Møller, (August 20, 1797 - October 14, 1871) was a Danish painter and photographer.	Johan Frederik Møller	painter	photographer
occupation	Shihab al-Tamimi (died February 27, 2008) was an Iraqi journalist and head of the Journalists Syndicate.	Shihab al-Tamimi	journalist
occupation	Billy Robinson (September 18, 1938 -- March 3, 2014) was a British professional wrestler, author and catch wrestling instructor.	Billy Robinson	professional wrestler
occupation	Thomas Talbot Bury (26 Nov 1809 -- 23 Feb 1877) was a British architect and lithographer.	Thomas Talbot Bury	architect	lithographer
occupation	Al Boasberg (December 5, 1891 -- June 18, 1937) was an American comedy writer in vaudeville, radio, and film, as well as being a film director.	Al Boasberg	film director
occupation	John T. Rowland, Jr. (1871 - January 22, 1945) was an American architect who served as the Supervising Architect for Jersey City, New Jersey Board of Education for forty-two years.	John T. Rowland	architect
occupation	Elaine Dundy (August 1, 1921 -- May 1, 2008) was an American novelist, biographer, journalist, actress and playwright.	Elaine Dundy	novelist	journalist
occupation	Katherena Vermette is a Canadian writer, who won the Governor General's Award for English-language poetry in 2013 for her collection North End Love Songs.	Katherena Vermette	writer
occupation	Rex Nutting is an American journalist, economist, columnist and the Washington bureau chief for the financial information news site MarketWatch.	Rex Nutting	economist
occupation	Mary Francesca Bosworth is a criminologist who is interested in imprisonment, race, and gender.	Mary Francesca Bosworth	criminologist
occupation	Tyler Shields (born April 29, 1982) is an American photographer, screenwriter, director, and former professional inline skater.	Tyler Shields	photographer
occupation	Henry Corry Rowley Becher (June 5, 1817 -- July 6, 1885), was a lawyer by profession and a politician and author at a period of his life.	Henry Corry Rowley Becher	lawyer
occupation	Roger Reynolds (born July 18, 1934) is a Pulitzer prize-winning American composer.	Roger Reynolds	composer
occupation	Pirkle Jones (January 2, 1914 -- March 15, 2009) was a documentary photographer born in Shreveport, Louisiana.	Pirkle Jones	photographer
occupation	Carl Chaiet is an American artist and illustrator.	Carl Chaiet	artist
occupation	Harry Alston Johnson III (born March 31, 1946) is an American lawyer, a law professor and a former federal judicial nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.	Alston Johnson	lawyer
occupation	Colette Richarme (born January 24, 1904 in Canton (Guangzhou), China, died in Montpellier, February 27, 1991) was a French painter.	Colette Richarme	painter
occupation	Philippus Brietius (in French, Philippe Briet) (1601--1668) was a seventeenth-century French Jesuit historian and cartographer.	Philippus Brietius	historian	cartographer
occupation	Samson Ricardo (1792--1862) was a British politician: the Whig MP for Windsor from 1855 to 1857.	Samson Ricardo	politician
occupation	Arthur Cates (1829--1901) was an English architect.	Arthur Cates	architect
occupation	Alexander Markov is a Russian American violinist who has received awards from the Paganini International Violin Competition (gold medal) and the Avery Fisher Career Grant.	Alexander Markov	violinist
occupation	Fred Mackenzie was a Scottish professional golfer of the early 20th century.	Fred Mackenzie	golfer
occupation	John Sebastian Helmcken (June 5, 1824 -- September 1, 1920) was a British Columbia physician who played a prominent role in bringing the province into Canadian Confederation.	John Sebastian Helmcken	physician
occupation	William Ralston Shedden-Ralston (1828--1889), born William Shedden and later known as William Ralston, was a noted British scholar and translator of Russia and Russian.	William Ralston Shedden-Ralston	translator
occupation	Mike McLarnon is a former Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Whitehorse Centre in the Yukon Legislative Assembly from 2000 to 2002.	Mike McLarnon	politician
occupation	Hans Christian Lyngbye (June 29, 1782 - May 18, 1837) was a Danish priest and botanist, specialising in algae.	Hans Christian Lyngbye	priest	botanist
occupation	Okada Saburōsuke (Japanese: 岡田 三郎助; 12 January 1869, Saga - 23 September 1939, Tokyo) was a Japanese painter in the Yōga style and a Professor at the ``Tōkyō Bijutsu Gakkō'' (School of Fine Arts); precursor of the Tokyo University of the Arts.	Okada Saburōsuke	painter
occupation	Cecylia Barczyk is an American cellist based in Baltimore, Maryland.	Cecylia Barczyk	cellist
occupation	Ingrid Matthews is a violinist and was the Music Director of the Seattle Baroque Orchestra.	Ingrid Matthews	violinist
occupation	Cody Cameron (born October 12, 1970) is an American film director, storyboard artist, and voice actor, best known for directing Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2.	Cody Cameron	film director	artist	voice actor
occupation	Karrell Fox (January 30, 1928 -- March 12, 1998) was a 20th-century American magician.	Karrell Fox	magician
occupation	Veljko Kovačević (December 19, 1912 -- May 24, 1994) was a Montenegrin general and writer.	Veljko Kovačević	writer
occupation	Rick Day (born July 30, 1962) is an American fashion photographer based in New York City.	Rick Day	photographer
occupation	Adriana Reverón Moreno (born November 2, 1985 in Los Cristianos) is a Spanish model and beauty pageant titleholder who represented her country in the Miss Universe 2010 and Miss Earth 2008 competitions.	Adriana Reverón	model
occupation	Simone Bell is a community organizer and politician from Atlanta, Georgia.	Simone Bell	politician
occupation	Jamukha (Mongolian: Жамуха) was a Mongol military and political leader and the chief rival to Temüjin (later Genghis Khan) in the unification of the Mongol tribes.	Jamukha	Khan
occupation	Bliss Blood is a musician and songwriter born in Omaha, Nebraska.	Bliss Blood	musician
occupation	Jean-Louis Costes is a noise musician, performance artist and film actor.	Jean-Louis Costes	actor
occupation	Sergei Shamba (Abkhaz: Сергеи Шамба, Georgian: სერგეი შამბა) is a senior politician from Abkhazia.	Sergei Shamba	politician
occupation	Sardul Singh Kwatra (Punjabi: ਸਰਦੂਲ ਸਿੰਘ ਕਵਾਤਰਾ), best known as Sardul Kwatra, was a noted film director and music composer from Punjab.	Sardul Singh Kwatra	film director	composer
occupation	Rudolph Grey is a musician and writer.	Rudolph Grey	writer
occupation	Josiah Scott (December 1, 1803--June 15, 1879) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was in the Ohio House of Representatives, and was an Ohio Supreme Court Judge 1856--1872.	Josiah Scott	politician
occupation	Rik Schaffer is an American composer for games, film, and television.	Rik Schaffer	composer
occupation	Dr. Alan Jay Smith (born April, 1949) is a computer scientist and researcher in the field of development and applications of caching strategies and the measurement and analysis of computer storage systems with many important contributions to the field.	Alan Jay Smith	computer scientist
occupation	John Malloy AKA FLuX (born September 19, 1975) is an American fine artist, illustrator, designer, and sequential artist.	John Malloy	designer
occupation	David Jason Muir (born November 8, 1973) is an American journalist and anchor of ABC World News Tonight with David Muir, the news department of the ABC broadcast-television network based in New York City.	David Muir	journalist
occupation	Larry McCray (born April 5, 1960, Magnolia, Arkansas, United States) is an American blues guitarist and singer.	Larry McCray	singer
occupation	Roby Duke (December 6, 1956 -- December 26, 2007) was a contemporary Christian musician and songwriter from Greenwood, Mississippi.	Roby Duke	songwriter
occupation	Kenny Cox (November 8, 1940 -- December 19, 2008) was a jazz pianist performing in the post bop, hard bop and bebop mediums.	Kenny Cox	pianist
occupation	Gideon Meir (Hebrew: גדעון מאיר‎) is an Israeli diplomat.	Gideon Meir	diplomat
occupation	Blaise Alexandre Desgoffe (January 17, 1830 -- May 2, 1901) was a French painter who specialized in meticulously finished still-life paintings.	Blaise Alexandre Desgoffe	painter
occupation	Carl Holmes is an American politician, and a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 125th district.	Carl Holmes	politician
occupation	Barbara Cheeseborough (née Bowman) was an American fashion model of the 1960s and 1970s, known for promoting an ``Afrocentric'' style.	Barbara Cheeseborough	model
occupation	Beirne Lay, Jr., (September 1, 1909 - May 26, 1982) was an American author, aviation writer, Hollywood screenwriter, and combat veteran of World War II with the U.S. Army Air Forces.	Beirne Lay, Jr.	writer	screenwriter
occupation	Piero Gemelli (born 1952 in Rome) is an Italian photographer and artist.	Piero Gemelli	photographer
occupation	Voyle Gilmore (June 14, 1912 -- December 19, 1979) was an American record producer and arranger.	Voyle Gilmore	record producer
occupation	Pat Briggs is the lead singer of the glam rock band Psychotica.	Pat Briggs	singer
occupation	Waliyy Dixon (born February 7, 1974), better known by his streetball nickname ``Main Event'', is an American professional basketball player.	Waliyy Dixon	basketball player
occupation	Barbara McCauley is a popular romance writer.	Barbara McCauley	writer
occupation	William Sentman Taylor (1894--1976) was an American psychologist who specialized in abnormal psychology.	William Sentman Taylor	psychologist
occupation	During the late 1960s, Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges was asked for his opinion of Pablo Neruda.	Pablo Neruda	writer
occupation	Nikša Roki (born February 8, 1988 in Zagreb) is a Croatian swimmer, who specialized in butterfly and individual medley events.	Nikša Roki	swimmer
occupation	Laurence Arcadias is a French/American experimental animator working in the United States.	Laurence Arcadias	animator
occupation	Tahar Touati was an Algerian diplomat and military representative in Malian city of Gao.	Tahar Touati	diplomat
occupation	Arlene Raven (Arlene Rubin: July 12, 1944, Baltimore, Maryland -- August 1, 2006, Brooklyn, New York) was a feminist art historian, author, critic, educator, and curator.	Arlene Raven	art historian
occupation	Houseley Stevenson (July 30, 1879 -- August 6, 1953) was an American character actor who was born in London on July 30, 1879, and died in Duarte, California on August 6, 1953.	Houseley Stevenson	actor
occupation	John Freely (born 1926) is an American physicist, teacher, and author of popular travel and history books on Istanbul, Athens, Venice, Turkey, Greece, and the Ottoman Empire.	John Freely	physicist
occupation	Marie Chapian is an award-winning American writer, lecturer, speaker, radio ministry host, Christian counselor, and psychotherapist based in California.	Marie Chapian	writer	psychotherapist
occupation	Diane Morgan is an English actress, comedian and writer.	Diane Morgan	comedian
occupation	Raja Dharamraj Singh was an Indian ruler and politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.	Dharamraj Singh	politician
occupation	Rasmus Borowski (born May 21, 1974) is a German composer, singer, and actor.	Rasmus Borowski	composer	singer	actor
occupation	Larry Joe Campbell (born, Lawrence Joseph Campbell; November 29, 1970) is an American actor and comedian best known for his role as ``Andy'' on the ABC sitcom According to Jim.	Larry Joe Campbell	actor
occupation	Henrique Mendes (January 2, 1931 -- July 8, 2004) was a Portuguese television presenter and actor, he is best known for hosting several editions of Festival da Canção.	Henrique Mendes	television presenter
occupation	Clinton Watson was an American politician from Troy, Missouri, who served in the Missouri Senate.	Clinton Watson	politician
occupation	Zvi Galil (Hebrew: צבי גליל‎; born 1947) is an Israeli computer scientist and mathematician.	Zvi Galil	computer scientist	mathematician
occupation	Mikhail Voskresensky (Russian Михаил Сергеевич Воскресенский) is a Russian pianist.	Mikhail Voskresensky	pianist
occupation	Harry Guardino (December 23, 1925 -- July 17, 1995) was an American actor whose career spanned from the early 1950s to the early 1990s.	Harry Guardino	actor
occupation	Michael Colleary is an American film producer, screenwriter and television writer.	Michael Colleary	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Lee Si-yeon (hangul:이시연, hanja:李詩姸, born Lee Dae-hak, 24 July 1980) is a South Korean transgender actress and model.	Lee Si-yeon	model
occupation	Rodolfo Morales (May 8, 1925 -- January 30, 2001) was a Mexican painter, who incorporated elements of magic realism into his work.	Rodolfo Morales	painter
occupation	Charlayne Hunter-Gault (born February 27, 1942) is an American journalist and former foreign correspondent for National Public Radio, and the Public Broadcasting Service.	Charlayne Hunter-Gault	journalist
occupation	Little Jimmy King (December 4, 1964 -- July 21, 2002) was an American Memphis blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Little Jimmy King	singer
occupation	Donald Haines (May 9, 1919 -- February 20, 1943) was an American child actor who had recurring appearances in the Our Gang short subjects series from 1930 to 1933.	Donald Haines	actor
occupation	Stephen Russell is an American actor, writer, theatre director and voice actor, best known for his voice acting in the Thief video game series as the protagonist Garrett.	Stephen Russell	actor	writer	theatre director	voice actor
occupation	Lincoln Kilpatrick (February 12, 1932 -- May 18, 2004) was an American film, television, and stage actor.	Lincoln Kilpatrick	actor
occupation	William Tapley Bennett Jr. (April 1, 1917 -- November 29, 1994) was an American diplomat who served as Ambassador to the Dominican Republic during the 1965 civil war.	William Tapley Bennett Jr.	diplomat
occupation	Maria Entraigues-Abramson (also known professionally as María María) is an Argentinean-American singer, composer, and actress, and is the Global Outreach Coordinator for the SENS Research Foundation.	Maria Entraigues-Abramson	singer	composer
occupation	Hugo Kārlis Grotuss (January 17, 1884 in Jaunpils parish ``Dočkos'' -- January 16, 1951 in Dillingen) was a Latvian painter, classified as a Realist.	Hugo Kārlis Grotuss	painter
occupation	Desi Williams is a rugby league player born in London, England.	Desi Williams	rugby league player
occupation	Earl Rogers (November 18, 1869 -- February 22, 1922) was an American trial lawyer.	Earl Rogers	lawyer
occupation	Teddy Coluca is an American actor who is playing the recurring role of the stage manager on NBC's series 30 Rock.	Teddy Coluca	actor
occupation	Morris S. Halliday (April 28, 1883 -- May 17, 1943) was a lawyer and politician who represented the forty-first Senate District in the State of New York Senate from 1915 to 1918.	Morris S. Halliday	politician
occupation	Sean Rowe (born in Troy, New York) is an alternative folk singer-songwriter and musician.	Sean Rowe	singer-songwriter
occupation	Adrien Perez (born January 12, 1988) is a Swiss swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Adrien Perez	swimmer
occupation	Ercole de Maria (? -- c. 1640) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Bologna.	Ercole de Maria	painter
occupation	Vito Latora is an Italian physicist, currently Professor in Applied Mathematics (Chair of Complex Systems) at the School of Mathematical Sciences of the Queen Mary University of London.	Vito Latora	physicist
occupation	Christl Mardayn married actor Hans Thimig in 1929, and appeared with him in film roles, i.e. The White Horse Inn (1936) and Le drame de Shanghai (1938).	Christl Mardayn	actor
occupation	Carlos Gianelli (Montevideo, March 7, 1948) is a Uruguayan lawyer and diplomat.	Carlos Gianelli	diplomat
occupation	Fredrika Runeberg was the first Finnish author to critically analyze the status of women, at home and in the society.	Fredrika Runeberg	author
occupation	Tanya Thornton Shewell (born March 9, 1944) is an American politician and former member of the Maryland House of Delegates.	Tanya Thornton Shewell	politician
occupation	Bryson of Heraclea (Greek: Βρύσων, gen.: Βρύσωνος;; late 5th-century BCE) was an ancient Greek mathematician and sophist who contributed to solving the problem of squaring the circle and calculating pi.	Bryson of Heraclea	mathematician
occupation	Murad Ahmed (Bengali: মুরাদ আহমেদ) is an English journalist who works as a European technology correspondent for the Financial Times.	Murad Ahmed	journalist
occupation	Lene Lovich (/leɪnə lʌvɪtʃ/, born March 30, 1949) is an American singer, songwriter and musician of Serbian descent based in England.	Lene Lovich	singer
occupation	Asmahan Farhat, or Mercedes Farhat, born May 1, 1990 in Strongsville, Ohio, United States, is a Libyan swimmer.	Asmahan Farhat	swimmer
occupation	Fritz Jüptner-Jonstorff (1908--1993) was an Austrian art director who worked on more than a hundred films during his career.	Fritz Jüptner-Jonstorff	art director
occupation	Roxi Copland is an American jazz/pop singer-songwriter and pianist based in Milwaukee.	Roxi Copland	singer
occupation	Oren Williams (born January 1, 1992) is an American actor and is very well known for acting in Rebound the movie made in 2005 and playing the role of Keith Ellis; the best basketball player in his basketball team.	Oren Williams	actor
occupation	Charles Follen McKim (August 24, 1847 -- September 14, 1909) was an American Beaux-Arts architect of the late 19th century.	Charles Follen McKim	architect
occupation	Kelis Rogers (/kə.ˈliːs/; born August 21, 1979) better known mononymously as Kelis, is an American singer-songwriter and certified chef.	Kelis	singer-songwriter	chef
occupation	Tara Sutton is a Canadian journalist and filmmaker whose work in conflict zones has received many awards.	Tara Sutton	journalist
occupation	David F. Nazworthy, professionally known as Dave Naz (born in 1969 in Los Angeles, California) is an American photographer and film director.	Dave Naz	photographer
occupation	Jorge Basile is an Argentine professional boxing referee.	Jorge Basile	boxing referee
occupation	Erynn Marshall (born c. 1977) is a Canadian old-time fiddler, ethnomusicologist, teacher, author.	Erynn Marshall	fiddler	ethnomusicologist
occupation	Tommy Aldridge (born August 15, 1950) is an American heavy metal and hard rock drummer.	Tommy Aldridge	drummer
occupation	Michael W. Foley (born March 2, 1964) is an American electrical engineer, wireless expert and executive director of the Bluetooth Special Interest Group, a consortium of over 12,000 companies who come together to create and promote Bluetooth wireless technology.	Michael W. Foley	engineer
occupation	Mariano Piña Olaya (Champusco, Puebla, March 29, 1933) is a Mexican politician who served as the Governor of Puebla from 1987 to 1993.	Mariano Piña Olaya	politician
occupation	Noot Seear (born Renata Seear; October 5, 1983) is a Canadian fashion model and actress.	Noot Seear	model
occupation	Edward O. Phillips (born November 26, 1931) is a Canadian novelist, who has written both mystery novels and mainstream literary fiction.	Edward O. Phillips	novelist
occupation	Ved Rahi (born 1933) is an Indian film director who made the film Veer Savarkar (2001), a bio-epic on the life of Indian revolutionary Vinayak Damodar Savarkar.	Ved Rahi	film director
occupation	Christof Migone is a Swiss-born experimental sound artist and writer, formerly based in Montreal, now living in Toronto.	Christof Migone	sound artist
occupation	Bruce Gilden (born 1946 in Brooklyn, New York) is a street photographer.	Bruce Gilden	photographer
occupation	Lako Bukia (Georgian: ლაკო ბუკია), born as Lali Bukia is a Georgian fashion designer.	Lako Bukia	fashion designer
occupation	Alsou Ralifovna Abramova (Russian: Алсу́ Рали́фовна Абра́мова; Tatar: Cyrillic Алсу Рәлиф кызы Абрамова, Latin Alsu Rälif qızı Abramova; née Safina), better known as just Alsou (Алсу́; born on June 27, 1983), is a Russian singer.	Alsou	singer
occupation	David Kldiashvili (Georgian: დავით კლდიაშვილი, Davit' Kldiašvili) (August 29, 1862 -- April 24, 1931) was a Georgian prose-writer whose novels and plays are concentrated on the degeneration of the country's gentry and the miseries of the peasantry, boldly exposing the antagonisms of Georgian society.	David Kldiashvili	writer
occupation	John Lemuel Bethune (March 9, 1850 -- September 27, 1913) was a Canadian physician and politician in the province of Nova Scotia.	John Lemuel Bethune	politician
occupation	Ishmael Wadada Leo Smith (born December 18, 1941) is an American trumpeter and composer, working primarily in the fields of avant-garde jazz and free improvisation.	Wadada Leo Smith	trumpeter	composer
occupation	Saint Trudpert (d. c. 607 or 644) was a missionary in Germany in the seventh century.	Trudpert	missionary
occupation	Lawrence D. Cohen is an American screenwriter and producer, best known for his work on Brian De Palma's Carrie (1976), an adaptation of Stephen King's novel.	Lawrence D. Cohen	screenwriter
occupation	Subrata Mukherjee is an Indian politician who has been Minister for Public Health Engineering in the Government of West Bengal since 2011.	Subrata Mukherjee	politician
occupation	Jim Grimsley (born September 21, 1955) is an American novelist and playwright.	Jim Grimsley	novelist
occupation	Theophilus Riesinger, O.F.M. Cap., (February 27, 1868 - November 9, 1941) was a German American Capuchin friar and Catholic priest, who later became widely known as an exorcist in the United States.	Theophilus Riesinger	priest
occupation	Bror Rexed (June 19, 1914 - August 21, 2002) was a Swedish neuroscientist and professor at Uppsala University.	Bror Rexed	neuroscientist
occupation	Martha Heredia Rivas (born February 1, 1991) is a Dominican singer and the winner of the fourth and last season of the television program Latin American Idol.	Martha Heredia	singer
occupation	José Flores Pérez (October 21, 1910 -- August 27, 1994) was a Mexican boxer better known as Battling Shaw or Benny Kid Roy.	Battling Shaw	boxer
occupation	Lefty Dizz (April 29, 1937 -- September 7, 1993) was an American Chicago blues guitarist and singer whose recorded work appeared on eight albums.	Lefty Dizz	singer
occupation	Hill-Marta Solberg (born November 12, 1951 in Sortland) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party, and a parliamentary representative for Nordland.	Hill-Marta Solberg	politician
occupation	Lu Ban (simplified Chinese: 鲁班; traditional Chinese: 魯班; pinyin: Lǔ Bān; Wade--Giles: Lu Pan) (507--440 BC) was an ancient Chinese carpenter, engineer, and inventor.	Lu Ban	engineer
occupation	Amitabha Chattopadhyay is a molecular biologist.	Amitabha Chattopadhyay	biologist
occupation	Rachel Hadas (born November 8, 1948) is an American poet, teacher, essayist, and translator.	Rachel Hadas	translator
occupation	Östen Warnerbring (November 22, 1934 -- January 18, 2006) was a Swedish singer, musician, composer and lyrics writer who mastered several musical genres.	Östen Warnerbring	singer	composer
occupation	Felix J. Sanner (1867 in Cleveland, Ohio -- 1946) was an American politician from New York.	Felix J. Sanner	politician
occupation	Jan Grot (Grotowic) was bishop of Kraków from 1326 to 1347.	Jan Grot	bishop
occupation	Johann Palisa (December 6, 1848 -- May 2, 1925) was an Austrian astronomer, born in Troppau in Austrian Silesia (now in the Czech Republic).	Johann Palisa	astronomer
occupation	Basil Gogos is an American illustrator best known for his portraits of movie monsters which appeared on the covers of Famous Monsters of Filmland magazine in the 1960s and 1970s.	Basil Gogos	illustrator
occupation	Young Firpo (April 25, 1907 -- August 21, 1984) was an American professional light-heavyweight boxer.	Young Firpo	boxer
occupation	Theodore Marier was a good friend of French composer Jean Langlais.	Theodore Marier	composer
occupation	Susie Tallman is a singer and recording artist known for recording children's music.	Susie Tallman	singer
occupation	Karl-Friedrich Stracke (born June 22, 1956 in Lichtenfels-Goddelsheim) is a German engineer and was Chairman of the Management Board & Chief Executive Officer of Adam Opel AG.	Karl-Friedrich Stracke	engineer
occupation	Maurice LaMarche (born March 30, 1958) is a Canadian voice actor and former stand-up comedian.	Maurice LaMarche	voice actor
occupation	Liam Rushe (born 18 June 1990) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a centre forward for the Dublin senior team.	Liam Rushe	hurler
occupation	Ratu Semi Seruvakula is a Fijian chief and former politician, who served as Assistant Minister for Education in the interim Cabinet formed by Laisenia Qarase in the wake of the Fiji coup of 2000.	Semi Seruvakula	politician
occupation	In addition to being a musician, Chamillionaire has established himself as an entrepreneur.	Chamillionaire	musician
occupation	Carlos Rivera Guerra, or better known as Carlos Rivera (born March 15, 1986 in Huamantla, Tlaxcala), is a Mexican singer who rose to fame by becoming the winner of the third generation of La Academia.	Carlos Rivera	singer
occupation	Jozef Jaklicz (1894 - 1974) was a soldier of the Austro-Hungarian Army and the Polish Legions in World War I, and officer of the Polish Army in the Second Polish Republic, nominated to the rank of General brygady.	Jozef Jaklicz	officer
occupation	Richard Shannon Hoon (September 26, 1967 -- October 21, 1995) was an American singer-songwriter and musician.	Shannon Hoon	singer-songwriter
occupation	Phulmati Devi Chaudhari (Nepali: फूलमती देवी चौधरी) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Rastriya Janshakti Party.	Phulmati Devi Chaudhari	politician
occupation	Michael Hauser (born March 30, 1972) is a Czech philosopher, translator and founder of the civic organization Socialistický kruh (Socialist Circle), which he also chaired until 2014.	Michael Hauser	philosopher
occupation	Paul P. (born 1977) is a Canadian artist known primarily for his work as an oil painter.	Paul P.	painter
occupation	Stevo Pendarovski is a politician and academic from the Republic of Macedonia.	Stevo Pendarovski	politician
occupation	Stanley Moss (born June 21, 1925) is an American poet, publisher, and art dealer.	Stanley Moss	poet	publisher	art dealer
occupation	Donald Frank Rose (June 29, 1890 -- February 7, 1964) was an American newspaper columnist, lecturer, and author.	Donald Frank Rose	columnist
occupation	Robin Pemberton is an American motor racing official and formerly the vice president for competition of NASCAR.	Robin Pemberton	official
occupation	Charles Tanford (December 29, 1921 -- October 1, 2009) was a well-known protein biochemist.	Charles Tanford	biochemist
occupation	Andrew W. Cooper (August 21, 1927 -- January 28, 2002) was an African-American civil rights activist, businessman, and journalist.	Andrew W. Cooper	journalist
occupation	Richard Jacob ``Rick'' Bolus (born September 26, 1949) is a high school basketball scout and director of the Rick Bolus High Potential ``Blue-Chip'' Basketball Camp.	Rick Bolus	scout
occupation	Rika Muranaka is a Japanese composer and music producer renown for her songs in Konami's world-famous video game series, Metal Gear Solid.	Rika Muranaka	composer
occupation	Awi Federgruen (born ca 1950, Geneva) is a Dutch/American mathematician and operations researcher and Charles E. Exley Professor of Management at the Columbia University Graduate School of Business and affiliate professor at the university's Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science.	Awi Federgruen	mathematician
occupation	Darcy Ribeiro (October 26, 1922 -- February 17, 1997) was a Brazilian anthropologist, author and politician.	Darcy Ribeiro	anthropologist	politician
occupation	Emmy-winning journalist Darren Gersh was the Washington, D.C. bureau chief for the PBS show, Nightly Business Report.	Darren Gersh	journalist
occupation	Romy Gauchan Thakali (Nepali: रोमी गौचन थकाली) is a Nepalese politician.	Romy Gauchan Thakali	politician
occupation	Catherine Corley Anderson (March 21, 1909 -- December 12, 2001) was a writer of children's books.	Catherine Corley Anderson	writer
occupation	John L. Cason, also known as Bob Cason or simply as John Cason, (1918--1961) was an American actor active in both films and television.	John L. Cason	actor
occupation	Carlos Mendy is a Uruguayan-born stage, film and television actor.	Carlos Mendy	actor
occupation	Andrew Kishore is a Bangladeshi popular singer.	Andrew Kishore	singer
occupation	Anthony Kramreither (August 7, 1926 - February 8, 1993) was an Austrian-Canadian film and television actor and producer.	Anthony Kramreither	actor
occupation	Lance Crouther is an American television producer/writer and actor.	Lance Crouther	actor
occupation	Gidi Gov (Hebrew: גידי גוב‎; born August 4, 1950) is an Israeli singer, TV host, entertainer, and actor.	Gidi Gov	singer	actor
occupation	Kittredge Haskins (April 8, 1836 -- August 7, 1916) was a Vermont lawyer and politician who served in the U.S. House of Representatives.	Kittredge Haskins	lawyer	politician
occupation	Gérald Tremblay (born September 20, 1942) is a former Canadian politician and businessman who served as mayor of Montreal from 2002 until his resignation in 2012.	Gérald Tremblay	politician
occupation	Hojamamed Hojamamedov (also Hojamamed Hojamamédow, born June 10, 1986) is a Turkmen swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Hojamamed Hojamamedov	swimmer
occupation	Rosil Al Azawi (Arabic: رسل العزاوي‎) (born January 11, 1987 in Sharjah, UAE) is an Iraqi television presenter, former Model and Film producer based in the United Arab Emirates.	Rosil Al Azawi	television presenter
occupation	Dr. Isaac González Martínez (July 8, 1871 -- April 20, 1954) was the first Puerto Rican urologist, and a pioneer in the fight against cancer throughout the island.	Isaac González Martínez	urologist
occupation	Robert Petit is a Canadian lawyer who during 2006 and 2009 was the International Co-Prosecutor for the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia, which is aiming to try Khmer Rouge leaders for violations of international criminal law in Cambodia between 1975 and 1979.	Robert Petit	lawyer
occupation	Donny Daniels is an assistant men's basketball coach at Gonzaga University.	Donny Daniels	basketball coach
occupation	West is also a guitarist and singer-songwriter with a band called Billy West and The Grief Counselors.	Billy West	singer-songwriter
occupation	Harald Sæther (born May 9, 1946), is a Norwegian composer with a diploma (MA) from Grieg Academy (2008) .	Harald Sæther	composer
occupation	Ross Kettle is a South African actor, known for directing the play Soweto's Burning, and best known as Jeffrey Conrad in the NBC American television soap opera Santa Barbara.	Ross Kettle	actor
occupation	Polly Bergen (born Nellie Paulina Burgin; July 14, 1930 -- September 20, 2014) was an American actress, singer, television host, writer, and entrepreneur.	Polly Bergen	writer	entrepreneur
occupation	Hossein Khosrow Ali Vaziri (Persian:حسین خسرو علي وزیری) (born March 15, 1942) is an Iranian American former professional wrestler and actor better known by his ring name The Iron Sheik.	The Iron Sheik	professional wrestler	actor
occupation	Bruce Cutler (born April 29, 1948) is an American criminal defense lawyer known for defending organized-crime defendants, and for media appearances as an actor, a legal commentator, and a reality-show attorney.	Bruce Cutler	lawyer	actor
occupation	The entire family of Mukul Dey had artistic talents, the brother Manishi Dey was a well-known painter, and his two sisters, Annapura and Rani, were accomplished in arts and crafts as well.	Mukul Dey	painter
occupation	Walter Wick (born February 23, 1953) is an American artist and photographer best known for the elaborate images in two series of picture book activities for young children, I Spy (1992 to 1999) and Can You See What I See? (from 2002), both published by Scholastic.	Walter Wick	photographer
occupation	Shan-ul-Haq Haqqee (Urdu: شان الحق حقی‎), Sitara-e-Imtiaz, Tamgha-e-Quaid-i-Azam, was a notable Urdu poet, writer, journalist, broadcaster, translator, critic, researcher, linguist and lexicographer of Pakistan.	Shan-ul-Haq Haqqee	poet	linguist	lexicographer
occupation	Pir Mazhar Ul Haq (Urdu: پیر مظہر الحق ‎) is a politician in Pakistan who comes from the spiritual family of Bhan Syedabad and is a descendant of Makhdoom Moosa, 5th son of Hazrat Makhdoom Sarwar Nooh of Hala.	Pir Mazhar Ul Haq	politician
occupation	James Ewing Mears, also J. Ewing Mears M.D., LL.D. (October 17, 1838 -- May 28, 1919) was a surgeon and author.	James Ewing Mears	surgeon	author
occupation	V Kennelly(Sydney) was a rugby league player in Australian leading competition - the New South Wales Rugby League(NSWRL).	V Kennelly	rugby league player
occupation	Guy Forsyth (born December 2, 1968) is an American Texas blues and blues rock singer, guitarist, harmonicist and songwriter.	Guy Forsyth	songwriter
occupation	Elliot Weber (born August 9, 1983) is an American singer-songwriter for Enova and a professional soccer player.	Elliot Weber	singer-songwriter
occupation	André Watts (born June 20, 1946) is a classical pianist and professor at the Jacobs School of Music of Indiana University.	André Watts	pianist
occupation	Paul D. Borman (born January 7, 1939) is a United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, having been appointed in 1994.	Paul D. Borman	judge
occupation	Pamela L. Gay (born December 12, 1973) is an American astronomer, educator, podcaster, and writer, best known for her work in astronomical podcasting and citizen science astronomy projects.	Pamela L. Gay	astronomer
occupation	Bhama Srinivasan (April 22, 1935) is a mathematician known for her work in the representation theory of finite groups.	Bhama Srinivasan	mathematician
occupation	Shane Shu (Shane Berend van Lunteren, born February 11, 1976) is a Dutch/Canadian singer-songwriter, producer and photographer from Kamloops, British Columbia.	Shane Shu	singer	photographer
occupation	Sammul Chan Kin-fung (born 4 May 1978) is a Hong Kong actor, singer, and presenter.	Sammul Chan	singer
occupation	Malcolm Bilson (born October 24, 1935) is an American pianist and musicologist specializing in 18th- and 19th-century music.	Malcolm Bilson	pianist	musicologist
occupation	Mauricio Ochmann Siordia (born November 16, 1987) is a Mexican actor best known for his roles in telenovelas.	Mauricio Ochmann	actor
occupation	Albert Lindemann is an American historian known for his book Esau's Tears:	Albert Lindemann	historian
occupation	Eugena Washington (born October 8, 1984 in Columbia, South Carolina, United States) is an American model, best known for being second runner-up on America's Next Top Model, Cycle 7 and for appearing in the music video of rapper B.o.B's single ``Nothin' on You''.	Eugena Washington	model
occupation	James Pitt was an 18th-century English journalist.	James Pitt	journalist
occupation	Kim Oler is an American television and theatrical composer.	Kim Oler	composer
occupation	Leo Lieberman was an American film screenwriter.	Leo Lieberman	screenwriter
occupation	Terry Barker is a British economist and Director of the Cambridge Centre for Climate Change Mitigation Research (4CMR) part of the Department of Land Economy, University of Cambridge.	Terry Barker	economist
occupation	Sharon Gilchrist is an American musician, singer, composer, mandolin instructor and the sister of Troy Gilchrist, also a bluegrass musician..	Sharon Gilchrist	singer	composer
occupation	John Chandler Bancroft Davis (December 22, 1822 -- December 27, 1907), commonly known as Bancroft Davis, was an American lawyer, judge, diplomat, and president of Newburgh and New York Railway Company.	Bancroft Davis	lawyer	judge	diplomat
occupation	Stephanie Louise Vallance, (born September 8, 1958), known as Stevie Vallance, and also credited in film and TV as Louise Vallance during the 1970s-1990s, is a Canadian television actress, voice actress, stage performer, voice director, casting director and singer.	Stevie Vallance	singer
occupation	James Archibald Meriwether (September 20, 1806 -- April 18, 1852) was a United States Representative, jurist and lawyer from Georgia.	James Archibald Meriwether	lawyer
occupation	Hal Borne (December 26, 1911, Chicago, Illinois - February 25, 2000, Tarzana, California) was an American popular song composer, orchestra leader, music arranger and musical director, who studied music at the University of Illinois.	Hal Borne	composer
occupation	Rohit Jivanlal Parikh (born November 20, 1936) is a mathematician, logician, and philosopher who has worked in many areas in traditional logic, including recursion theory and proof theory.	Rohit Jivanlal Parikh	philosopher
occupation	William Westbury (c. 1385 - 1448/9), also called William de Westbury and William of Westbury, was a fifteenth-century judge of the King's Bench.	William de Westbury	judge
occupation	Marco Balderi is an Italian orchestra conductor who began his career after winning the International Competitions of Salzburg and Alexandria.	Marco Balderi	conductor
occupation	Grete Albrecht (born August 17, 1893 -- death date unknown) was a German neurologist.	Grete Albrecht	neurologist
occupation	Edward Ambrose Baber (April 23, 1793 -- March 19, 1846) was a U.S. doctor and diplomat.	Ambrose Baber	diplomat
occupation	Herodicus (Greek: Ἡρóδιĸος) was a Greek physician of the fifth century BC, and a native of Selymbria.	Herodicus	physician
occupation	Lacey Banghard (born 1 May 1992) is an English Page 3 and glamour model.	Lacey Banghard	model
occupation	Gergely Luthár (Prekmurian: Gergel Lutar, Slovene: Gregor Lutar, February 18, 1841 Sebeborci -- March 12, 1925 Sebeborci) was a Slovene landowner, notary and writer in Hungary.	Gergely Luthár	writer
occupation	Francesco Pasquale Ricci (May 17, 1732 -- November 7, 1817), was an Italian composer and violinist.	Francesco Pasquale Ricci	composer
occupation	Bobo Bergström (born September 19, 1964) is a chef and restaurateur based in Rodney Bay, St Lucia.	Bobo Bergström	chef
occupation	Franc Contreras is an American journalist of Mexican descent.	Franc Contreras	journalist
occupation	Cheng Chang-hsiung (Chinese: 鄭樟雄; pinyin: Zhèng Zhāngxióng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Cheng Chang-hsiung	politician
occupation	Shai Gabso (Hebrew: שי גבסו‎; July 20, 1984) is an Israeli singer.	Shai Gabso	singer
occupation	Ralf Hantschke (born May 27, 1965) is a German former ice hockey player and the current general manager of the Lausitzer Füchse.	Ralf Hantschke	ice hockey player
occupation	Max Grodénchik (born November 12, 1952), also known as Michael Grodénchik, is an American stage, film, and television actor, best known for his role as Rom, a recurring character on the television series Star Trek:	Max Grodénchik	actor
occupation	Ellen Contini-Morava is an anthropological linguist at the University of Virginia, interested in the meanings of linguistic forms, discourse analysis, functional linguistics and (noun) classification ; in particular, in the relationship between lexicon and grammar.	Ellen Contini-Morava	linguist
occupation	Yardena Alotin (Hebrew: ירדנה אלוטין; born April 19, 1930 in Tel Aviv, died October 4, 1994 in New York City) was an Israeli composer and pianist.	Yardena Alotin	composer
occupation	Cemal Reşit Rey (Turkish pronunciation: (dʒeˈmaɫ ɾeˈʃit ɾej)) (October 25, 1904 - October 7, 1985) was a Turkish composer, pianist, script writer and conductor.	Cemal Reşit Rey	composer	pianist
occupation	Paul Trepte (b. 1954) is an English cathedral organist, who served in St Edmundsbury Cathedral and is at Ely Cathedral	Paul Trepte	organist
occupation	Im Soeun (Hangul: 임소은; born October 7 1996), better known by her stage name NC.A (Hangul: 앤씨아, New Creative Artist), is a South Korean singer.	NC.A	singer
occupation	David F. Case (born 1937) is an American writer of short stories and novelist.	David F. Case	novelist
occupation	Vahan Shirvanian (February 10, 1925, Hackensack, New Jersey -- January 30, 2013, Mountain Lakes, New Jersey) was an American cartoonist.	Vahan Shirvanian	cartoonist
occupation	Rowland Powell-Williams (8 January 1872 -- 16 December 1951) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket between 1897 and 1905 for Warwickshire, London County and the Gentlemen of England.	Rowland Powell-Williams	cricketer
occupation	Jennifer Wong is a writer and poet from Hong Kong.	Jennifer Wong	poet
occupation	Charles Norbert Roettiers (August 15, 1720 -- November 19, 1772) was a noted French engraver and medallist.	Charles Norbert Roettiers	medallist
occupation	Son Sen (Khmer: សុន សេន) (June 12, 1930 -- June 10, 1997) was a Cambodian Communist politician and soldier.	Son Sen	politician
occupation	Kassie Miller is a model, reality TV star, singer and songwriter from Nashville, TN.	Kassie Miller	singer
occupation	Hannah McKeand is a British polar explorer.	Hannah McKeand	explorer
occupation	Speer Morgan (born January 25, 1946 in Fort Smith, Arkansas) is an American novelist, short story writer, and editor.	Speer Morgan	novelist
occupation	Carlos Magalhães de Azeredo (September 7, 1872 -- November 4, 1963) was a Brazilian poet, short story writer, diplomat and journalist.	Carlos Magalhães de Azeredo	writer	diplomat	journalist
occupation	Shaun Silva is a music video director who works primarily in the country music field.	Shaun Silva	music video director
occupation	Mark Mueller (born July 9, 1956) is an American songwriter whose career spans pop music, television, film and stage.	Mark Mueller	songwriter
occupation	Edmund Eagan is a Canadian television composer, sound designer, and musician.	Edmund Eagan	composer
occupation	Luís da Câmara Cascudo (December 30, 1898 -- July 30, 1986) was a Brazilian anthropologist, folklorist, journalist, historian, lawyer, and lexicographer.	Luís da Câmara Cascudo	anthropologist	journalist	lexicographer
occupation	Ogden Hoffman (October 13, 1794 -- May 1, 1856) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms in the United States House of Representatives.	Ogden Hoffman	lawyer	politician
occupation	Avihu Medina (Hebrew: אביהו מדינה‎, born August 19, 1948, Tel Aviv) is an Israeli composer, arranger, songwriter, and singer of Mediterranean Israeli music.	Avihu Medina	singer
occupation	Al Porcino (May 14, 1925 -- December 31, 2013) was an American lead trumpeter.	Al Porcino	trumpeter
occupation	Warwick Estevam Kerr (born September 9, 1922) is a Brazilian agricultural engineer, geneticist, entomologist, professor and scientific leader, notable for his discoveries in the genetics and sex determination of bees.	Warwick Estevam Kerr	geneticist
occupation	Arthur Millward was a first class cricketer and Test match umpire.	Arthur Millward	cricketer
occupation	Mary Rose McGeady (June 28, 1928, Hazleton, Pennsylvania - September 13, 2012, Albany, New York) was an American Roman Catholic nun who was widely acknowledged for her work with homeless youth in the United States.	Mary Rose McGeady	nun
occupation	Jessie Kesson (October 28, 1916 -- September 26, 1994), born as Jessie Grant McDonald, was a Scottish novelist, playwright and radio producer.	Jessie Kesson	novelist
occupation	Pee Wee Lambert (born Darrell Lambert on August 5, 1924; died June 15, 1965) was a mandolinist who worked with The Stanley Brothers.	Pee Wee Lambert	mandolinist
occupation	Robert Correia (born January 3, 1939 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 7th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1977--2008 and served as Mayor of Fall River, Massachusetts from 2008--2010.Mayor Correia ran for re-election in 2009.	Robert Correia	politician
occupation	Shea Hecht is the chairman of the board of the National Committee for the Furtherance of Jewish Education and a leading Chabad rabbi.	Shea Hecht	rabbi
occupation	Mary Koga (née Mary Hisako Ishii, August 10, 1920 -- June 8, 2001) was a Japanese-American photographer and social worker in Chicago.	Mary Koga	photographer
occupation	Vahid Alaghband is a British-Iranian international commodities trader and entrepreneur based in London.	Vahid Alaghband	trader	entrepreneur
occupation	Kenneth C. Davis is an American popular historian, best known for his Don't Know Much About... series.	Kenneth C. Davis	historian
occupation	Menander of Ephesus (Greek: Μένανδρος; fl. c. early 2nd century BC) was the historian whose lost work on the history of Tyre was used by Josephus, who quotes Menander's list of kings of Tyre in his apologia for the Jews, Against Apion (1.18).	Menander of Ephesus	historian
occupation	Sarah Stiles (born June 20, 1979) is an American singer and actress known for her work in Off-Broadway and Broadway theatre.	Sarah Stiles	singer
occupation	Tom Sims (December 6, 1950 -- September 12, 2012) was an American athlete, inventor, and entrepreneur.	Tom Sims	inventor	entrepreneur
occupation	Charles Pattinson (sometimes credited as Charlie Pattinson) is a British television producer.	Charles Pattinson	television producer
occupation	Josef Gassler was an Austrian Expressionist painter.	Josef Gassler	painter
occupation	Brett Fulton is an Australian former rugby league player and the son of the rugby league immortal Bob Fulton.	Brett Fulton	rugby league player
occupation	Roderick Riley (born March 11, 1981) was a basketball player in the D League.	Roderick Riley	basketball player
occupation	Lee Falk, born Leon Harrison Gross (April 28, 1911 -- March 13, 1999), was an American writer, theater director and producer, best known as the creator of the popular comic strips The Phantom (1936--present) and Mandrake the Magician (1934-2013).	Lee Falk	writer
occupation	Fee Plumley is a British-born digital artist, technology evangelist, and digital consultant.	Fee Plumley	artist
occupation	Brendan Hines (born December 28, 1976) is an American actor and singer-songwriter.	Brendan Hines	actor	singer-songwriter
occupation	Volkan Bozkır (born November 22, 1950) is a Turkish diplomat and politician who has served as the Minister of European Union Affairs since 24 November 2015, having previously served from August 2014 to August 2015.	Volkan Bozkır	diplomat	politician
occupation	Michael Ballou is an American artist who has been living in Brooklyn since 1983.	Michael Ballou	artist
occupation	Frederick A. Williams (March 3, 1869 -- July 31, 1942) was an American pianist and composer from Cleveland, Ohio.	Frederick A. Williams	composer
occupation	Hannie Rayson (born 31 March 1957) is an award-winning Australian playwright and newspaper columnist.	Hannie Rayson	playwright
occupation	George Givot (February 18, 1903 -- June 7, 1984) was an American comedian and actor on Broadway and in vaudeville, movies, television and radio.	George Givot	actor
occupation	Louis St. Louis is an American songwriter, music arranger and singer famous for songs written for Grease, particularly the song ``Sandy'' (co-written with Scott Simon), which was a hit for John Travolta and performing Rock 'n' Roll Party Queen and Mooning with Cindy Bullens in the film.	Louis St. Louis	music arranger	singer
occupation	Sonia Johnson (born Sonia Ann Harris; February 27, 1936) is an American feminist activist and writer.	Sonia Johnson	writer
occupation	Charles Abiathar White (January 26, 1826 -- June 29, 1910) was an American geologist, paleontologist, and writer whose publications total 238 titles.	Charles Abiathar White	paleontologist
occupation	Morinosuke Kawaguchi (川口盛之助, b. May 1, 1961 in Ashiya, Hyogo, Japan) is a Japanese futurist and innovation expert.	Morinosuke Kawaguchi	futurist
occupation	Raphael Grinage was an American jazz and folk musician and composer.	Raphael Grinage	composer
occupation	Christian Neal Capes is an English model, reality television celebrity, host and producer for Unseen TV; a Malaysian online entertainment website.	Christian Neal Capes	model
occupation	Mohammad Nasim Baras (also Nasim Khan; born 30 March 1993) is an Afghan cricketer.	Nasim Baras	cricketer
occupation	Rob Mayes is an American actor, musician, and model.	Rob Mayes	actor
occupation	Biswanath Chowdhury is a Revolutionary Socialist Party politician, and was a MLA from Balurghat for seven times in a row.	Biswanath Chowdhury	politician
occupation	Anthony van Zijlvelt (1640s, Amsterdam -- 1700s, Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age engraver and painter.	Anthony van Zijlvelt	engraver
occupation	Nicholas J. Saunders is a British academic archaeologist and anthropologist.	Nicholas J. Saunders	archaeologist	anthropologist
occupation	Emil Mollenhauer (1855 -- 1927) was an American musician, an orchestra violinist and conductor.	Emil Mollenhauer	violinist	conductor
occupation	Mary Astor Paul (March 26, 1889 - July 28, 1950) was a Philadelphia socialite who was related to the Astor and Drexel families.	Mary Astor Paul	socialite
occupation	Alessandro Haber (born January 19, 1947) is an Italian actor, film director and singer.	Alessandro Haber	actor	film director
occupation	Suzana Kostić (December 31, 1961) is a Serbian conductor, music educator and music scholar.	Suzana Kostić	conductor
occupation	Jean Japart (fl. ca. 1474 -- 1481) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance, active in Italy.	Jean Japart	composer
occupation	Oskar Forss was a co-founder and during the years of 1987--1992 drummer of Swedish then-death metal band Therion.	Oskar Forss	drummer
occupation	Richard Loo (October 1, 1903 -- November 20, 1983) was a third generation Chinese-American film actor who was one of the most familiar Asian character actors in American films of the 1930s and 1940s.	Richard Loo	actor
occupation	Jochen Fahrenberg (* September 18, 1937 in Berlin) is a German psychologist in the fields of personality and psychophysiology	Jochen Fahrenberg	psychologist
occupation	Ferdinand Zirkel (May 20, 1838 -- June 11, 1912) was a German geologist and petrographer.	Ferdinand Zirkel	geologist
occupation	Jim Gary (March 17, 1939 -- January 14, 2006) was an American sculptor popularly known for his large, colorful creations of dinosaurs made from discarded automobile parts.	Jim Gary	sculptor
occupation	Ralph Oscar Yeager, AIA, (1892 -- 1960) was an American architect who worked in Indiana.	Ralph Oscar Yeager	architect
occupation	David E. Durston (September 10, 1921 -- May 6, 2010) was an American screenwriter and film director best known for directing the Charles Manson-inspired cult classic drive-in horror exploitation film, I Drink Your Blood, which was released in 1970.	David E. Durston	film director
occupation	Ângela Maria Diniz Gonçalves (born in Rio de Janeiro on December 5, 1949), best known by the stage name Angela Ro Ro, is a Brazilian singer-songwriter influenced by her idols Ella Fitzgerald, Maysa Matarazzo and Jacques Brel.	Angela Ro Ro	singer
occupation	Scott Barry Kaufman (born June 3, 1979) is an American psychologist, author, and popular science writer known for his research and writing on intelligence and creativity.	Scott Barry Kaufman	psychologist
occupation	Dah Ould Abdi (born April 18, 1951) is a Mauritanian diplomat who was Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation from 2001 to 2002.	Dah Ould Abdi	diplomat
occupation	Sun Feifei (Chinese: 孙菲菲; born March 20, 1989), commonly known as Fei Fei Sun, is a Chinese fashion model.	Fei Fei Sun	model
occupation	Oswald Parent (September 30, 1925 in Hull, Quebec -- July 4, 2011) was a Quebec politician and chartered accountant.	Oswald Parent	politician
occupation	Willy Matheisl (born 1950) is a photographer living in Deggendorf, Bavaria, Germany.	Willy Matheisl	photographer
occupation	Nicholas Chalmers is a conductor from England.	Nicholas Chalmers	conductor
occupation	Violet Blue is an American journalist, author, editor, advisor, and educator.	Violet Blue	journalist
occupation	Jocy de Oliveira (born 1936) is a Brazilian pianist, multimedia artist and composer.	Jocy de Oliveira	pianist	composer
occupation	Karimpumannil Mathai George, popularly known as Dr. K. M. George, is an eminent Malayalam writer and educator.	K. M. George	writer
occupation	Sharon Cheslow (born October 5, 1961 in Los Angeles, California) is an American musician, composer, artist, and writer.	Sharon Cheslow	composer
occupation	The performance was praised by noted arts critic John Rockwell in The New York Times, who said ``it introduced one truly remarkable singer in Deborah Voigt.''	Deborah Voigt	singer
occupation	Cvetka Lipuš (born 1966) is an Austrian poet writing in Slovenian.	Cvetka Lipuš	poet
occupation	Johann Augustin Kobelius (1674--1731) was a German opera composer at the court of Saxe-Weissenfels.	Johann Augustin Kobelius	composer
occupation	Haig Yazdjian is a composer and a vocalist and an Oud player and a producer.	Haig Yazdjian	composer
occupation	Herbert J. Grover (February 5, 1937) is an American, Democratic educator and politician from Wisconsin.	Herbert J. Grover	politician
occupation	Sha Zukang (Chinese: 沙祖康; pinyin: Shā Zǔkāng; born 1947) is a Chinese diplomat who was head of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs from 2007 to 2012.	Sha Zukang	diplomat
occupation	Charles Wilkes (April 3, 1798 -- February 8, 1877) was an American naval officer and explorer.	Charles Wilkes	explorer
occupation	Brandon Bays (born August 21, 1953) is an American motivational author and speaker.	Brandon Bays	author
occupation	Umberto Gillarduzzi (Alternate spellings: Berto Gillarduzzi, Uberto Gillarduzzi) (December 17, 1909 -- March 8, 1994) was an Italian bobsledder who competed from the late 1930s to the early 1950s.	Umberto Gillarduzzi	bobsledder
occupation	Kristy Lee Cook (born January 18, 1984) is an American country singer who was born in Seattle, Washington, and was the seventh place finalist on the seventh season of American Idol.	Kristy Lee Cook	singer
occupation	Emiliano Dumestre Guaraglia (born February 11, 1987 in Colonia del Sacramento) is a Uruguayan rower.	Emiliano Dumestre	rower
occupation	Lise London became a writer and author, especially focused on the experiences of her husband during the 1950s.	Lise London	writer
occupation	Charles Arthur Fries (1854-1940) was an American painter active in Cincinnati and San Diego in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century.	Charles Arthur Fries	painter
occupation	Raymond Gafner (February 17, 1915 -- November 26, 2002) was an ice hockey player, referee, and a member of the IOC between 1969 and 1990.	Raymond Gafner	ice hockey player
occupation	Isaiah Zagar (born 1939) is a Philadelphia mosaic artist.	Isaiah Zagar	artist
occupation	Lançarote de Freitas, better known as Lançarote de Lagos or Lançarote da Ilha, was a 15th-century Portuguese explorer and slave trader from Lagos, Portugal.	Lançarote de Freitas	explorer
occupation	Terrence O'Hara is an American film, television director and actor.	Terrence O'Hara	television director	actor
occupation	Chris McKhool (born November 18, 1968) is a Canadian violinist, guitarist, composer, producer and singer-songwriter.	Chris McKhool	composer
occupation	Neville Shulman, CBE is a British mountaineer, explorer, author, and Ridley Scott's personal consultant and adviser.	Neville Shulman	mountaineer
occupation	Juan E. Gilbert (born February 27, 1969) is an American computer scientist, researcher, inventor, and educator.	Juan E. Gilbert	computer scientist
occupation	Edward Forrest De Nyse (1841?--May 12, 1896), usually known by his byline Edwin F. De Nyse (and known colloquially as Ned De Nyse) was an American newspaper reporter, newspaper editor, poet, playwright, librettist, and theatrical producer.	Edwin F. De Nyse	librettist
occupation	Pietro Antonio Giramo (Naples, fl.1619-c1630) was an Italian baroque composer.	Pietro Antonio Giramo	composer
occupation	John Davis Long (October 27, 1838 -- August 28, 1915) was an American lawyer, politician, and writer.	John Davis Long	politician
occupation	Stephen Welch is a world-class wheelchair tennis player.	Stephen Welch	wheelchair tennis player
occupation	Todd Robbins (born August 15, 1958) is an American magician, lecturer, actor, and author.	Todd Robbins	magician
occupation	Yungchen Lhamo is a Tibetan singer-songwriter living in exile in New York City.	Yungchen Lhamo	singer
occupation	Slimmy, born Paulo Fernandes, is a Portuguese singer/songwriter who combines various genres of rock, especially electro rock.	Slimmy	singer
occupation	Tuan Haji Othman Bin Wok (born October 8, 1924), often known as Othman Wok, is a former Singaporean politician.	Othman Wok	politician
occupation	Albert Elkus (April 30, 1884 in Sacramento, CA - February 19, 1962 in Oakland, CA) was an American composer, pianist, and educator.	Albert Elkus	composer	pianist	educator
occupation	Ashishma Nakarmi is a Nepali actress, model and singer.	Ashishma Nakarmi	singer
occupation	Ava Alice Muriel Astor (July 7, 1902 -- July 19, 1956) was an American heiress, socialite, and member of the Astor family.	Ava Alice Muriel Astor	socialite
occupation	Mina Benson Hubbard (April 15, 1870 - May 4 1956) was a Canadian explorer and was the first white woman to travel and explore the back-country of Labrador.	Mina Benson Hubbard	explorer
occupation	Joseph Henry Harris (December 13, 1888 -- October 24, 1952) was a Toronto manufacturer and politician.	Joseph Henry Harris	politician
occupation	Rudy D'Amico (born August 18, 1940, in Queens, New York) is a professional National Basketball Association scout, and former college and professional basketball coach, who coached Maccabi Tel Aviv to the European Champions Cup (Euroleague championship) in 1981.	Rudy D'Amico	basketball coach
occupation	François N. Macerola (born January 31, 1942) is a Canadian lawyer and film executive.	François N. Macerola	lawyer
occupation	Gary Sandy (born December 25, 1945) is an American actor, who starred as program director Andy Travis on the television sitcom WKRP in Cincinnati.	Gary Sandy	actor
occupation	Chryso Stamatopoulou (in Greek Χρυσώ Σταματοπούλου) is a Greek rock singer, composer and musical theatre actress.	Chryso Stamatopoulou	singer
occupation	Neilus Flynn was a hurler who played hurling with Causeway in Co Kerry.	Neilus Flynn	hurler
occupation	John Pozer is a Canadian film director, screenwriter, producer and editor.	John Pozer	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Anne Humby (born Anne Ayre) (flourished 1817--1863) was a British actress and singer frequently called ``Mrs Humby''.	Anne Humby	singer
occupation	Ernest Lawson (March 22, 1873 -- December 18, 1939) was a Canadian-American painter and a member of The Eight, a group of artists who formed a loose association in 1908 to protest the narrowness of taste and restrictive exhibition policies of the conservative, powerful National Academy of Design.	Ernest Lawson	painter
occupation	Arnold Chan (born June 10, 1967) is a Canadian lawyer and politician, who was elected to represent the riding of Scarborough--	Arnold Chan	lawyer	politician
occupation	Judah of Melun was a French rabbi, a tosafist of the first half of the 13th century; he was son of the tosafist David of Melun (from the area of Seine-et-Marne).	Judah of Melun	rabbi
occupation	Kim Herforth Nielsen (born 1954) is a Danish architect, co-founder and principal of 3XN.	Kim Herforth Nielsen	architect
occupation	Bhishma Narain Singh (born 1933) is an Indian politician who served as the Governor of Assam from 1984 to 1989 and Governor of Tamil Nadu from 1991 to 1993.	Bhishma Narain Singh	politician
occupation	Alan M. Wilner (born January 26, 1937, age 78) is an American jurist and a retired judge of the Maryland Court of Appeals, the state's highest court from Baltimore County, Maryland.	Alan M. Wilner	judge
occupation	Sidney Lovell (February 26, 1867 -- August 6, 1938) was an American architect best known for designing mausoleums.	Sidney Lovell	architect
occupation	John R. Bennett is a U.S. politician from the state of Oklahoma.	John R. Bennett	politician
occupation	Mariève Provost (born April 15, 1985) is a Canadian women's ice hockey player that competed for the Moncton Blue Eagles women's ice hockey program.	Mariève Provost	ice hockey player
occupation	Cindy Sargon is an Australian TV chef who currently hosts Food 4 Life on the Seven Network.	Cindy Sargon	chef
occupation	John Williams Walker (August 12, 1783 -- April 23, 1823) was an American politician, who served as the Democratic-Republican United States senator from the state of Alabama, the first senator elected by that state.	John Williams Walker	politician
occupation	Laura Battiferri (1523--1589), also called Laura Battiferri Ammanati, was an Italian poet during the Renaissance period.	Laura Battiferri	poet
occupation	Indira Sharma is an Indian psychiatrist specialising in child psychiatry and women's mental health.	Indira Sharma	psychiatrist
occupation	Antonius Musa (Greek Ἀντώνιος Μούσας) was a Greek botanist and the Roman Emperor Augustus's physician;	Antonius Musa	botanist	physician
occupation	Aaron Burckhard (born November 14, 1963) is an American musician who was the first drummer recruited for Kurt Cobain and Krist Novoselic's rock group that soon came to be known as Nirvana.	Aaron Burckhard	drummer
occupation	Roselyn Sánchez (born April 2, 1973) is a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter, model, actress, producer and writer.	Roselyn Sánchez	singer	model
occupation	Linwood Boomer (born October 9, 1955) is a Canadian-American television producer, writer, and actor.	Linwood Boomer	actor
occupation	Pier Paolo Polcari (also known as Paolo Polcari or just Polcari) was born in Naples in 1969 and is best known as a keyboard player, composer, and sometimes producer in the Italian band Almamegretta between 1990 and 1999.	Pier Paolo Polcari	composer
occupation	Ronald Guy de Alwis (February 15, 1959 - January 12, 2013) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played in 11 Tests and 31 ODIs from 1983 to 1988.	Guy de Alwis	cricketer
occupation	Savion Glover (born November 19, 1973) is an American tap dancer, actor, and choreographer.	Savion Glover	actor	choreographer
occupation	Luc Illusie (French: (ilyzi); born 1940) is a French mathematician.	Luc Illusie	mathematician
occupation	Adi Talmor (Hebrew: עדי טלמור‎, born Judah Reuben November; April 11, 1953 -- August 5, 2011) was an Israeli journalist and news presenter.	Adi Talmor	journalist
occupation	Alice Brown Chittenden (October 14, 1859 - October 13, 1944) was an American painter based in San Francisco, California who specialized in flowers, portraits, and landscapes.	Alice Brown Chittenden	painter
occupation	Laurie Simmons (born October 3, 1949) is an American artist, photographer and filmmaker currently working in New York and Northwestern Connecticut.	Laurie Simmons	photographer
occupation	Fredrick Newton Arvin (August 25, 1900 -- March 21, 1963) was an American literary critic and academic.	Newton Arvin	literary critic
occupation	Taha Akyol is a Turkish journalist and writer of Abkhazian descent.	Taha Akyol	journalist
occupation	Tom Holloway is an award-winning Australian playwright, based in Melbourne as of May 2015.	Tom Holloway	playwright
occupation	Craig Czury (Kingston March 10, 1951) is an American poet.	Craig Czury	poet
occupation	Edward Mazria is an architect, author and educator.	Edward Mazria	architect
occupation	Craig Hella Johnson (born c.1962) is an American choral conductor, composer, and arranger.	Craig Hella Johnson	conductor	composer
occupation	Sappho (/ˈsæfoʊ/; Attic Greek Σαπφώ (sapːʰɔ̌ː), Aeolic Greek Ψάπφω, Psappho (psápːʰɔː)) was a Greek lyric poet, born on the island of Lesbos.	Sappho	poet
occupation	Vania Larissa (born November 18, 1995 in Pontianak, West Kalimantan) is an Indonesian singer and beauty queen.	Vania Larissa	singer
occupation	Beverly Willis (born February 17, 1928) is an American architect and Fellow of the American Institute of Architects (FAIA).	Beverly Willis	architect
occupation	Paul Siebel is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist, born on September 19, 1937 in Buffalo, NY.	Paul Siebel	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ivana Horvat (born 1974) is a model who lives in the United Kingdom.	Ivana Horvat	model
occupation	Gailard Sartain (born September 18, 1946) is a former American actor, often playing characters with roots in the South.	Gailard Sartain	actor
occupation	Nedrick Young (March 23, 1914 -- September 16, 1968), also known by the pseudonym Nathan E. Douglas, was a screenwriter often blacklisted during the 1950s and 1960s.	Nedrick Young	screenwriter
occupation	Roberto Miguel Lifschitz (born September 13, 1955 in Rosario, Santa Fe), is an Argentine politician and civil engineer.	Miguel Lifschitz	politician	engineer
occupation	Brett Arends (born Poughkeepsie, New York) is an American writer and journalist.	Brett Arends	journalist
occupation	Danishka Esterhazy (born in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian screenwriter and film director.	Danishka Esterhazy	film director
occupation	Greg O'Connor is a composer and songwriter who has scored over 570 episodes of television and has written numerous featured songs for television series, films and commercials.	Greg O'Connor	composer
occupation	Lynn Snodgrass (née Lynn Dee Grenz, born c. 1951) is a politician in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Lynn Snodgrass	politician
occupation	Nick Vanoff (October 25, 1929 -- March 20, 1991) was a dancer, producer and philanthropist.	Nick Vanoff	dancer
occupation	Héctor Luis Palma Salazar (a.k.a.: ``El Güero Palma'') is a former Mexican drug trafficker and former leader of the Sinaloa Cartel alongside Joaquín ``El Chapo'' Guzmán.	Héctor Luis Palma Salazar	drug trafficker
occupation	Orie Leon Phillips (November 20, 1885 -- November 14, 1974) was a United States federal judge and the first chief judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.	Orie Leon Phillips	judge
occupation	Frank Lauren Hitchcock (1875--1957) was an American mathematician and physicist known for his formulation of the transportation problem in 1941.	Frank Lauren Hitchcock	mathematician
occupation	Dr. Ponemek Daraloy is a Laotian physician and politician.	Ponemek Daraloy	politician
occupation	Scotty Bahrke (born July 19, 1985) is an American freestyle skier specializing in aerial skiing.	Scotty Bahrke	freestyle skier
occupation	Basilius Venantius iunior (floruit 508-533) was a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire.	Basilius Venantius	politician
occupation	Marthe Voegeli MD, a Swiss physician, was a pioneer in the field of male contraceptive research.	Marthe Voegeli	physician
occupation	Carl August Lebschée (1800 - 1877) was a German a painter, etcher, and lithographer, born at Schmiegel, (modern Śmigiel, Poland).	Carl August Lebschée	painter	etcher
occupation	Arthur Melville (1858--1904) was a Scottish painter, now probably best remembered for his Orientalist subjects.	Arthur Melville	painter
occupation	Autumn Rowe is a New York based singer-songwriter who was born and raised in The Bronx.	Autumn Rowe	singer-songwriter
occupation	Kavichandran Alexander (born 1 January 1952) is an audio engineer and record producer.	Kavichandran Alexander	audio engineer
occupation	Apurva Agnihotri is an Indian television actor, known for his role in hit show Jassi Jaissi Koi Nahin and his debut film Pardes.	Apurva Agnihotri	actor
occupation	Charles Myeza is a Swazi politician and former police officer.	Charles Myeza	politician
occupation	György Gilyán is a Hungarian diplomat and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Hungary to the Russian Federation.	György Gilyán	diplomat
occupation	Lou Adler (born December 13, 1933) is a Grammy Award-winning American record producer, music executive, talent manager, songwriter, film director, film producer, and co-owner of the famous Roxy Theatre in West Hollywood, California.	Lou Adler	record producer
occupation	Dorian Electra (born Dorian Electra Fridkin Gomberg, June 25, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter, video and performance artist.	Dorian Electra	singer, songwriter
occupation	Jean-Marie Boisvert is a former Canadian politician and teacher.	Jean-Marie Boisvert	politician
occupation	E.H. Hurst () was a dairy farmer and politician in Mississippi, elected as a Democrat to the Mississippi House of Representatives in the 1950s-1960s.	E.H. Hurst	politician
occupation	Iain Fletcher is a British television actor, best known for his role as DC Rod Skase in the ITV1 drama series The Bill.	Iain Fletcher	actor
occupation	Marilyn Borden (May 29, 1932 -- March 25, 2009) was an American actress and singer who with her sister, Rosalyn ``Roz'' Borden, were known as the Borden Twins.	Marilyn Borden	singer
occupation	Mustafa Haji Abdinur is a Somali journalist and radio correspondent.	Mustafa Haji Abdinur	journalist
occupation	Victoria Davitt (born October 17, 1978), better known by stage name Victoria Vox, is a singer, songwriter and musician specializing in the ukulele.	Victoria Vox	singer, songwriter
occupation	C. B. Harding (sometimes credited as CB Harding) is an American film director, screenwriter, producer and cinematographer.	C. B. Harding	film director
occupation	Sharif Hikmat Nashashibi is a London-based journalist, analyst on Arab affairs, and co-founder and chairman of Arab Media Watch, a media watchdog organization that monitors and responds to British media coverage of the Arab world.	Sharif Hikmat Nashashibi	journalist
occupation	Keith McGuffey, born in Danville, Kentucky, known by his stage name Trey D., is a songwriter and composer who became known mostly by his euro-rap style songs in the mid-1990s.	Trey D.	songwriter
occupation	Cynthia Pinot (born January 27, 1974) is an American film and television actress and former model.	Cynthia Pinot	model
occupation	William Sprague, also known as William III or William Sprague III (November 3, 1799 -- October 19, 1856), was a politician and industrialist from the U.S. state of Rhode Island, serving as the 14th Governor, a U.S. Representative and a U.S. Senator.	William Sprague III	politician
occupation	Colton Smith (born August 14, 1987) is an American mixed martial artist and Combatives and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt under Matt Larsen and Alliance Jiu-Jitsu who formerly competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Colton Smith	mixed martial artist
occupation	Rado Robert Garcia Klose (professionally known as Bob Klose in the 1960s and Rado Klose more recently) is an English musician and photographer.	Bob Klose	photographer
occupation	Wayne McGregor CBE (born 1970) is a British choreographer of contemporary modern dance.	Wayne McGregor	choreographer
occupation	Isyllus was an ancient Greek poet from Epidaurus.	Isyllus	poet
occupation	Lincoln Maazel (February 12, 1903 -- September 15, 2009) was an American singer and actor of stage and screen.	Lincoln Maazel	actor
occupation	Cornelis Musius (1500--1572) was a Dutch Catholic priest and New Latin poet.	Cornelis Musius	Catholic priest	poet
occupation	Asror Vohidov (born October 20, 1995 in Isfara) is a young boxer from Tajikistan.	Asror Vohidov	boxer
occupation	Thomas Kohnstamm is an American author, and travel writer who worked previously for Lonely Planet.	Thomas Kohnstamm	writer
occupation	Pepijn van den Nieuwendijk (Waddinxveen, October 13, 1970) is a Dutch painter and ceramist.	Pepijn van den Nieuwendijk	painter
occupation	Stuart Novins (March 30, 1914-December 7, 1989) was an American television journalist.	Stuart Novins	journalist
occupation	Todd Verow (born November 11, 1966) is an American film director who now resides in New York City, New York.	Todd Verow	film director
occupation	Duane Jarvis (August 22, 1957 -- April 1, 2009) was an American guitarist and singer-songwriter who recorded songs with many rock and roll and country music performers, including Frank Black, Peter Case, Rosie Flores, John Prine, Amy Rigby, Lucinda Williams and Dwight Yoakam.	Duane Jarvis	guitarist	singer-songwriter
occupation	Christopher Heyerdahl (born September 18, 1963) is a Canadian actor who has had roles in many television shows and movies.	Christopher Heyerdahl	actor
occupation	While Guru Dutt was hired by Prabhat Film Company as a choreographer, he was soon pressed into service as an actor, and even as an assistant director.	Guru Dutt	choreographer
occupation	Sid Tepper (June 25, 1918 -- April 24, 2015) was an American songwriter, best known for his collaborations with Roy C. Bennett, which spawned several hits for Elvis Presley.	Sid Tepper	songwriter
occupation	In September 1905, Wagner signed a contract to produce the first bat with a player's signature, the Louisville Slugger, becoming the first sportsperson to endorse a commercial product; the Honus Wagner was to become a best-seller for years.	Honus Wagner	sportsperson
occupation	Hugh Lincoln Cooper (April 28, 1865 -- June 24, 1937) was an American Colonel and renowned civil engineer, known for construction supervision of a number of hydroelectric power plants.	Hugh Lincoln Cooper	civil engineer
occupation	Javier Lozano Alarcón (born November 21, 1962) is a Mexican politician who served as Secretary of Labor in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón.	Javier Lozano Alarcón	politician
occupation	Tomohide Dote (土手朋英, Dote Tomohide) (b. 1944) is a Japanese Nihonga painter.	Tomohide Dote	painter
occupation	M.C. Brains (born James DeShannon Davis) is an American rapper from Cleveland, Ohio.	M.C. Brains	rapper
occupation	Janie Dee is married to the actor and barrister Rupert Wickham and they have two children.	Janie Dee	actor
occupation	Melissa Fahn (born April 28, 1973) is an American voice actress and singer for anime dubs such as Cowboy Bebop, Digimon, Eureka Seven, FLCL, Invader Zim, Noein and Zatch Bell!.	Melissa Fahn	singer
occupation	Amira Edrahi (Arabic: أميرة ادراحي‎; born October 15, 1986) is a Libyan swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Amira Edrahi	swimmer
occupation	Sabine Schulze (born March 19, 1972) is a retired German swimmer who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships, setting a new world record.	Sabine Schulze	swimmer
occupation	Orlando Gough (/ˈɡɒf/; born 1953) is a British composer, educated at Oxford, and noted for projects written for ballet, contemporary dance and theatre.	Orlando Gough	composer
occupation	Jack Burditt is an American producer and screenwriter who has worked on television shows like Frasier, 30 Rock, and The Mindy Project.	Jack Burditt	screenwriter
occupation	Dr. Prof. Muhammad Shahid Qureshi or Shahid Qureshi, styled as Dr. M. Shahid Qureshi, is a Pakistani astrophysicist and a renowned astronomer.	M. Shahid Qureshi	astronomer
occupation	Rita Banerji is an author, photographer and gender activist from India.	Rita Banerji	author
occupation	Francesca Quondamcarlo (Italian pronunciation: (franˈt͡ʃeska ˌkwɔndaŋˈkarlo); born 21 August 1980) is an Italian épée fencer.	Francesca Quondamcarlo	fencer
occupation	Gennesio Liberale (or Gensio) was an Italian painter of the Venetian school.	Gennesio Liberale	painter
occupation	Victor Bădulescu (July 28, 1892--December 1953 or January 1954) was a Romanian economist.	Victor Bădulescu	economist
occupation	Leonard L. Bembry (born August 24, 1947) is a Democratic politician who served as the District 10 member of the Florida House of Representatives.	Leonard L. Bembry	politician
occupation	William Eubank (born November 15, 1982) is an American film director, screenwriter, and cinematographer.	William Eubank	film director	screenwriter	cinematographer
occupation	Odetta Holmes (December 31, 1930 -- December 2, 2008), known as Odetta, was an American singer, actress, guitarist, songwriter, and a civil and human rights activist, often referred to as ``The Voice of the Civil Rights Movement''.	Odetta	singer	guitarist
occupation	Don Bies (born December 10, 1937) is an American professional golfer who has won tournaments on the PGA Tour, the Senior PGA Tour (now known as the Champions Tour), and in the Pacific Northwest Section of the PGA of America.	Don Bies	golfer
occupation	Leyla Saz, also called Leyla Hanimefendi in her time, was a Turkish composer, poet and writer.	Leyla Saz	composer	poet
occupation	Carroll L. Coburn (February 23, 1907 -- April 10, 1975) was a Vermont farmer and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate.	Carroll L. Coburn	politician
occupation	John Milhiser (born November 29, 1981) is an American actor and comedian who was most recently a cast member on Saturday Night Live for the 2013--2014 season.	John Milhiser	actor
occupation	Eri Hosoda (細田絵理 Hosoda Eri, born May 15, 1984) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees.	Eri Hosoda	volleyball player
occupation	John Quill is an Irish-born American international rugby union player who currently plays club rugby for NYAC in the American Rugby Premiership and also plays for the United States national rugby union team.	John Quill	rugby union player
occupation	Walter Dorwin Teague (December 18, 1883 - December 5, 1960) was an American industrial designer, architect, illustrator, graphic designer, writer, and entrepreneur.	Walter Dorwin Teague	architect
occupation	Elemér Bokor (January 19, 1887, Sátoraljaújhely, Zemplén County -- September 1, 1928, Budapest) was a Hungarian entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.	Elemér Bokor	entomologist
occupation	Gordon Abercrombie (born in Sydney, New South Wales) was an Australian rugby league player for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition.	Gordon Abercrombie	rugby league player
occupation	Joel Banal (born February 6, 1958) is a retired Filipino professional basketball player, and former head coach in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Joel Banal	basketball player
occupation	John Pardee is an American screenwriter and television producer, currently working as executive producer for Desperate Housewives.	John Pardee	screenwriter
occupation	Julius Packiam is an Indian composer who works predominantly in Hindi cinema.	Julius Packiam	composer
occupation	Hisham Tawfiq (born September 24, 1976) is an American actor, best known for playing Dembe Zuma, part of the security detail for Raymond Reddington in NBC's The Blacklist.	Hisham Tawfiq	actor
occupation	Gaurav Nanda is a films, TV and theatre actor known for his roles in Bandini (TV series) on NDTV Imagine, Parvarrish --	Gaurav Nanda	actor
occupation	Claude Delangle is a French classical saxophonist.	Claude Delangle	saxophonist
occupation	Sam Chatmon (January 10, 1897 -- February 2, 1983) was a Delta blues guitarist and singer.	Sam Chatmon	singer
occupation	Craig Rosebraugh is a writer, filmmaker and activist advocating for political and social justice, and environmental and animal protection.	Craig Rosebraugh	writer
occupation	Eusebius of Myndus (Greek: Εὐσέβιος) was a 4th-century philosopher, a distinguished Neoplatonist.	Eusebius of Myndus	philosopher
occupation	Román Macaya Hayes (born September 19, 1966) is a Costa Rican entrepreneur, biochemist, and politician, mostly known for his adamant opposition to the Dominican Republic --	Román Macaya	biochemist	politician
occupation	Luo Yijun (Chinese: 駱以軍; March 29, 1967 - ) is a Taiwanese writer.	Luo Yijun	writer
occupation	Dr Shashank Shah, is an Indian laparoscopic bariatric surgeon.	Shashank Shah	surgeon
occupation	Cerina Vincent (born February 7, 1979) is an American actress and writer best known for playing Maya the Yellow Galaxy Ranger in the television series Power Rangers Lost Galaxy, as well as her film appearances in Not Another Teen Movie, Cabin Fever, It Waits, and Everybody Wants to Be Italian.	Cerina Vincent	writer
occupation	Dr. Bob Arnot, M.D. internal medicine, is an award-winning journalist, author of twelve books on nutrition and health, host of the Dr Danger reality TV series, and previously chief medical and foreign correspondent for NBC and CBS.	Bob Arnot	journalist
occupation	Colin Stinton (born March 10, 1947) is a Canadian-born actor who often portrays fictional American politicians, lawyers and government agents.	Colin Stinton	actor
occupation	Joseph Coerten Hornblower (May 6, 1777 -- June 11, 1864) was an American lawyer and jurist from Belleville, New Jersey.	Joseph Coerten Hornblower	lawyer
occupation	Arnold S. Caplin (May 8, 1929 in Brooklyn, New York City -- December 25, 2009 in Pittsfield, Massachusetts) was an American record producer, founder and (former) owner of Historical Records and Biograph Records.	Arnold S. Caplin	record producer
occupation	Sergei Vikulov (born 24 July 1957), is former Russian professional ice-hockey player who spent most of his career in Soviet ice-hockey league.	Sergei Vikulov	ice-hockey player
occupation	Michael Cinco (born August 27, 1971) is a Filipino fashion designer based in Dubai.	Michael Cinco	fashion designer
occupation	Al Held (October 12, 1928 -- July 27, 2005) was an American Abstract expressionist painter.	Al Held	painter
occupation	Frederick ``Fred'' Douglas Rosser III (born November 2, 1983), better known by his ring name Darren Young, is an American professional wrestler signed to WWE where he is a former one-time WWE Tag Team Champion.	Darren Young	professional wrestler
occupation	Yeh Tzu-cheng (Chinese: 葉子誠; pinyin: Yè Zichéng; born November 22, 1987) is a Taiwanese swimmer, who specialized in butterfly events.	Yeh Tzu-cheng	swimmer
occupation	Maura Derrane (born 8 July 1970) is an Irish television presenter and journalist.	Maura Derrane	journalist
occupation	Saint Paisios of Mount Athos (Greek: Ὃσιος Παΐσιος ὁ Ἁγιορείτης), born Arsenios Eznepidis (1924--1994), was a well-known Greek Eastern Orthodox ascetic from Mount Athos, who originated from Pharasa, Cappadocia.	Saint Paisios of Mount Athos	ascetic
occupation	Jack Goldstein (September 27, 1945 -- March 14, 2003) was a Canadian born, California-based performance and conceptual artist turned painter in the 1980s art boom.	Jack Goldstein	painter
occupation	Ernest Ingersoll (March 13, 1852 -- November 13, 1946) was a renowned American naturalist, writer and explorer.	Ernest Ingersoll	explorer
occupation	Harry Doupe is a Canadian stand-up comedian and writer.	Harry Doupe	writer
occupation	Joan Shea is a former Canadian politician and Cabinet minister in Newfoundland and Labrador.	Joan Shea	politician
occupation	James Henry Breasted (/ˈbrɛstɪd/; August 27, 1865 -- December 2, 1935) was an American archaeologist, Egyptologist, and historian.	James Henry Breasted	archaeologist	historian
occupation	Rosy Armen (Armenian: Ռոզի Արմեն) is a French singer of Armenian descent.	Rosy Armen	singer
occupation	Michael Sackler-Berner (born October 12, 1983) is an American songwriter, recording artist, guitarist and singer.	Michael Sackler-Berner	songwriter
occupation	Peter Krikes is an American screenwriter who contributed to the screenplay for Star Trek IV:	Peter Krikes	screenwriter
occupation	Ayala Hasson-Nesher (Hebrew: איילה חסון-נשר‎; born September 28, 1961) is an Israeli television personality and journalist and is one of the major political commentators on the Second Israeli Broadcasting Authority (SBA) Channel 10.	Ayala Hasson-Nesher	journalist
occupation	On Throwdown! with Bobby Flay, the chef challenges cooks renowned for a specific dish or type of cooking to a cook-off of their signature dish.	Bobby Flay	cook
occupation	Ahn Eak-tai (Korean: 안익태, Hanja: 安益泰) (December 5, 1906 -- September 16, 1965) was a Korean classical composer and conductor.	Ahn Eak-tai	composer	conductor
occupation	Shi Yan Ming (born Duan Gen Shan; February 13, 1964) is a 34th generation Shaolin warrior monk, teacher and actor, best known as the founder of the USA Shaolin Temple.	Shi Yan Ming	actor
occupation	Greg Rickford, PC, (born September 24, 1967) is a former Canadian politician, who served as the Minister of Natural Resources in the cabinet of Prime Minister Stephen Harper.	Greg Rickford	politician
occupation	Sophie Caldwell (born March 22, 1990, Peru, Vermont) is an American cross-country skier.	Sophie Caldwell	cross-country skier
occupation	Stéphane Sednaoui is a French director, photographer, producer and actor.	Stéphane Sednaoui	photographer
occupation	Luc-Marie Constant Gnacadja or simply Luc Gnacadja is a Beninese politician and architect.	Luc Gnacadja	politician
occupation	Mariano Graziadei also known as Mariano da Pescia, was an Italian painter of the early-Renaissance period, active in Florence.	Mariano Graziadei	painter
occupation	Bryan Loren Hudson (born 1966) is an American singer-songwriter, recording artist and record producer.	Bryan Loren	songwriter
occupation	Patrick Clifford (born in New York City, 1966) is a musician, songwriter, and producer of Irish and folk music.	Patrick Clifford	musician	songwriter
occupation	Robert Goldschmidt (1877--1935) was a Belgian chemist, physicist, and engineer who first proposed the idea of standardized microfiche (microfilm).	Robert Goldschmidt	physicist
occupation	Ann Hyland is a writer and historian who specialises in equestrianism and the development of horses.	Ann Hyland	historian
occupation	Jim Sonzero is a music video and film director.	Jim Sonzero	film director
occupation	Ayla Peksoylu also known as ANGEL-I' is half Irish half Turkish Cypriot UK born singer, songwriter, actress and professional model from a very established musically backgrounded family.	Ayla Peksoylu	singer
occupation	Kamuela C. Searle (August 29, 1890 - February 14, 1924) was a Hawaiian actor, sculptor and painter, best remembered for his portrayal of Korak, the son of Tarzan and Jane.	Kamuela C. Searle	actor
occupation	Christine Ben-Ameh (born 1986) is a British Nigerian singer-songwriter and recording artist.	Christine Ben-Ameh	singer-songwriter
occupation	Rick Florian (born April 10, 1962) is a musician, songwriter and producer, most known for being the lead singer of Contemporary Christian Music rock band Whiteheart since 1986.	Rick Florian	singer
occupation	Delly Madrid (born April 29, 1979) is a Peruvian reality television contestant, model, and dancer.	Delly Madrid	dancer
occupation	Jakob Tigges is a German architect and academic ``who became known through a series of artistic and provocative urban design proposals'', such as his iconic proposals for Berlin and Chicago, dubbed The Berg, 2009, and ChicagoSkyScrapesBack, 2010.	Jakob Tigges	architect
occupation	William Glenn Shadix (April 15, 1952 -- September 7, 2010) was an American Actor and voice actor known for his role as Otho Fenlock in Tim Burton's horror/comedy film Beetlejuice and the voice of the Mayor of Halloween Town in The Nightmare Before Christmas.	Glenn Shadix	voice actor
occupation	Mark T. Smith (born January 12, 1968) is a celebrated American painter.	Mark T. Smith	painter
occupation	Ascanio Mayone (ca. 1565 -- 1627) was a Neapolitan composer and harpist.	Ascanio Mayone	composer
occupation	Lieutenant General Nhial Deng Nhial is a South Sudanese politician and a member of the ruling Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM).	Nhial Deng Nhial	politician
occupation	Tiffany Benson (born July 20, 1988) is a professional basketball player who most recently played for Nyon in Switzerland.	Tiffany Benson	basketball player
occupation	Dr. Mono Mohan Das was a Congress politician and a Union Deputy Minister.	Mono Mohan Das	politician
occupation	Ruth Erat (born August 3, 1951) is a Swiss teacher, author, painter, and politician.	Ruth Erat	painter	politician
occupation	Jo Ann Emerson (born September 16, 1950) is an American politician who was the U.S. Representative for Missouri's 8th congressional district from 1996 to 2013.	Jo Ann Emerson	politician
occupation	Nusrat Jahan is an Indian Bengali film actress and model.	Nusrat Jahan	model
occupation	Kang Ching-jung, or commonly known as Kang Kang, is a famous Taiwanese entertainer, singer, and television host.	Kang Kang	singer
occupation	P. Seenivasan was an Indian politician of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.	P. Seenivasan	politician
occupation	Mark Matkevich (born June 19, 1978) is an American actor/art gallerist best known for appearing as Drue Valentine in 17 episodes of the television program Dawson's Creek.	Mark Matkevich	actor
occupation	Stacy Bromberg (born July 27, 1956 in Los Angeles, California) is an American former darts player who was a PDC Women's World Darts Champion.	Stacy Bromberg	darts player
occupation	Bart Dorsa (born 1967) is an American artist, photographer, film-maker.	Bart Dorsa	photographer
occupation	Kristopher Campbell (born April 27, 1990), better known by his stage name K Camp (stylized as K CAMP), is an American rapper and vocalist from Atlanta, Georgia.	K Camp	rapper
occupation	David Gelb (born October 16, 1983) is an American film director who directed the critically acclaimed 2011 documentary Jiro Dreams of Sushi.	David Gelb	film director
occupation	Michael S. Berman is a long-time Washington lawyer and lobbyist.	Michael S. Berman	lobbyist
occupation	Hatem El Mekki (May 16, 1918- September 23, 2003) was a prominent Tunisian painter.	Hatem El Mekki	painter
occupation	David Crabb (December 13, 1975 - ) is an American actor and writer.	David Crabb	actor
occupation	Pablo Rosenberg is an Argentine-Israeli singer.	Pablo Rosenberg	singer
occupation	James W. Prescott (born c. 1930) is an American developmental psychologist, whose research focused on the origins of violence, particularly as it relates to a lack of mother-child bonding.	James W. Prescott	psychologist
occupation	Tequan Richmond (Tuh-kwon; born October 30, 1992), also known by his stage name, T-Rich, is an American actor, rapper and martial artist.	Tequan Richmond	actor
occupation	Frankie DeCarlos Patrick (born July 14, 1976), better known by his stage name Frankie DeCarlos, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, musician, and entrepreneur.	Frankie DeCarlos	singer-songwriter
occupation	Jeff Crook is a novelist, author, and former technical writer for the United States Postal Service.	Jeff Crook	novelist	writer
occupation	Andy Wibowo (born June 9, 1980) is an Indonesian former swimmer, who specialized in butterfly events.	Andy Wibowo	swimmer
occupation	Ralph C. Harris was an architect working in Chicago during the first half of the 20th century.	Ralph C. Harris	architect
occupation	The Indian Libertarian wrote that: ``it would be difficult to find a more machiavellian leftist than Mrs Indira Gandhi...for here is Machiavelli at its best in the person of a suave, charming and astute politician.''	Indira Gandhi	politician
occupation	Jerry Jost (died December 30, 2014) was an American sound engineer.	Jerry Jost	engineer
occupation	Charles Jay Connick (1875--1945) was a prominent American painter, muralist, and designer best known for his work in stained glass in the Gothic Revival style.	Charles Jay Connick	painter
occupation	Gabriella Cristiani (born 1949) is an Italian film editor with about twenty feature film credits.	Gabriella Cristiani	film editor
occupation	Betty Merken is an American painter and printmaker who lives and works in Seattle, Washington.	Betty Merken	painter
occupation	Édouard Claparède (March 24, 1873 -- September 29, 1940) was a Swiss neurologist, child psychologist, and educator.	Édouard Claparède	psychologist
occupation	Nathaniel Lord Britton (January 15, 1859 -- June 25, 1934) was an American botanist and taxonomist who co-founded the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx, New York.	Nathaniel Lord Britton	botanist
occupation	David Fahm is a British film, theatre and television actor.	David Fahm	actor
occupation	Lisa Suhay (born 1965) is an American journalist and children's book author.	Lisa Suhay	journalist
occupation	Aase Winther (née Aase Svendsen) is a former Danish badminton player.	Aase Winther	badminton player
occupation	Richard Quine (November 12, 1920 -- June 10, 1989) was an American stage, film, and radio actor.	Richard Quine	actor
occupation	Rick Mofina is a Canadian author of crime fiction and thriller novels.	Rick Mofina	author
occupation	John DeSantis (born January 21, 1977) is a Canadian actor, perhaps best known as Lurch on Fox Family's television of The New Addams Family.	John DeSantis	actor
occupation	Jose C. Muñoz (born May 24, 1979) is an American Democratic Party politician, who represents District 7 on the Hudson County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders; one of nine members who serve in a legislative role administering all county business.	Jose C. Muñoz	politician
occupation	Benjamin Klasmer was a professional violinist and composer notable for his contributions to the musical culture of 20th century Baltimore, Maryland.	Benjamin Klasmer	violinist
occupation	Frank Sheriff (born 1957) is an abstract sculptor who was born in Yokohama, Japan to an American father and a Japanese-American mother.	Frank Sheriff	sculptor
occupation	O'Neil Bell (December 29, 1974 -- November 25, 2015) was a Jamaican professional boxer who held the unified WBA (Super), WBC, IBF and The Ring magazine cruiserweight titles.	O'Neil Bell	boxer
occupation	Angela Narth is a Canadian writer and freelance literary reviewer.	Angela Narth	writer
occupation	Edgar Berger (born October 19, 1966) is a German music manager and former journalist.	Edgar Berger	journalist
occupation	Styalz Fuego is an Australian music producer, vocalist and songwriter.	Styalz Fuego	songwriter
occupation	Anna Karen Morrow, also known as Anna K. Morrow (September 20, 1914 -- July 1, 2009) was an American model turned film and television actress.	Anna Karen Morrow	model
occupation	Chad Griggs (born May 15, 1978) is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the UFC's Light Heavyweight division.	Chad Griggs	mixed martial artist
occupation	Stanisław Trepczyński (1924 - 2002) was a Polish diplomat, who served as the 27th president of the United Nations General Assembly.	Stanisław Trepczyński	diplomat
occupation	Leila Fletcher (August 12, 1899 - April 9, 1988) was a Canadian pianist, composer, publisher, music editor and educator.	Leila Fletcher	composer
occupation	Mesfin Negash (Amharic: መስፍን ነጋሽ) is an Ethiopian journalist, political commentator for Addis Neger and columnist for Sampsonia Way Magazine.	Mesfin Negash	journalist
occupation	Merrill Edwin Barrington (February 25, 1920 -- December 18, 1965) was a Canadian politician, accountant and insurance broker.	Merrill Edwin Barrington	politician
occupation	Selphie Bong was noted as one of the top 15 fashion designer in Indonesia and was called the Indonesian Christian Dior.	Selphie Bong	fashion designer
occupation	Nikos Engonopoulos (Greek: Νίκος Εγγονόπουλος; October 21, 1907 -- October 31, 1985) was a modern Greek painter and poet.	Nikos Engonopoulos	painter	poet
occupation	Maralyn Lois Polak is an award-winning eclectic and unconventional American columnist, screenwriter, performance poet, spoken word artist, novelist and journalist.	Maralyn Lois Polak	novelist	journalist
occupation	Brigitte Jobbé-Duval is a French historian and linguist.	Brigitte Jobbé-Duval	historian	linguist
occupation	David Sontag is an American professional wrestler and actor.	David Sontag	actor
occupation	Jonathan Teplitzky is an Australian writer and film director, who has directed the movies Better Than Sex (2000), Gettin' Square (2003), Burning Man (2011) and The Railway Man (2013).	Jonathan Teplitzky	film director
occupation	Brandon Halsey (born September 16, 1986) is an American professional mixed martial artist and the former Bellator Middleweight Champion.	Brandon Halsey	mixed martial artist
occupation	Frederick M. Hess (born c. 1967) is an American educator, political scientist, and author.	Frederick M. Hess	political scientist
occupation	Tony Bartelme, an American journalist and author, is the senior projects reporter for The Post and Courier in Charleston, South Carolina.	Tony Bartelme	journalist
occupation	Vivian Chukwuemeka (born May 4, 1975) is a Nigerian shot putter and two-time Olympian.	Vivian Chukwuemeka	shot putter
occupation	Shobha Gurtu (Marathi: शोभा गुर्टू) (1925--2004) was an Indian singer in the light Hindustani classical style.	Shobha Gurtu	singer
occupation	Oscar Jacques (born Peterborough, England) is an English actor best known for playing Tom Tupper in the CBBC Series M.I. High.	Oscar Jacques	actor
occupation	Bill Hansell is an American Republican politician who is a current member of the Oregon Senate, representing the 29th District.	Bill Hansell	politician
occupation	L. A. Sohnke was a German mathematician who worked on the complex multiplication of elliptic functions.	L. A. Sohnke	mathematician
occupation	Dimitry Gerrman (March 10, 1955--) is an American artist and sculptor of Belarusian origin.	Dimitry Gerrman	artist
occupation	Ryann Maegen Hoven (born July 5, 1985), known professionally as Tess Holliday and formerly known as Tess Munster, is an American plus-size model based in Los Angeles.	Tess Holliday	model
occupation	Morgan Lily (born Morgan Lily Jane Gross; April 11, 2000) is an American actress and fashion model.	Morgan Lily	model
occupation	Jess Morgan is a folk and trance singer from Norwich, England.	Jess Morgan	singer
occupation	Hasan Durham (born August 14, 1971 in Bermuda) is a Bermudian cricketer, who played with the Bermudian cricket team in their first ever One Day International when they played Canada on May 17, 2006.	Hasan Durham	cricketer
occupation	Luca Manfè is an Italian chef, best known for winning the fourth season of the U.S. version of MasterChef.	Luca Manfè	chef
occupation	Derek Lam is an American fashion designer, known for using pretty, feminine fabrics combined with clean silhouettes.	Derek Lam	fashion designer
occupation	Luke Caswell (born June 27, 1978), better known as Cazwell, is an American rapper and songwriter.	Cazwell	rapper
occupation	Nicholas Ray (August 7, 1911 -- June 16, 1979) was an American film director best known for the movie Rebel Without a Cause.	Nicholas Ray	film director
occupation	Allan Saxe is an American political scientist, author, lecturer, radio commentator, philanthropist, and university professor.	Allan Saxe	political scientist
occupation	Sinitta (born Sinitta Renay Malone) is an American-born singer who has lived in the United Kingdom for most of her life.	Sinitta	singer
occupation	Federico Castelluccio (born April 29, 1964) is an Italian American actor and professional visual artist, who is best known for his role as Furio Giunta on the HBO TV series, The Sopranos.	Federico Castelluccio	actor
occupation	Joan Elliott Pickart is a popular United States writer of over 100 romance novels since 1984.	Joan Elliott Pickart	writer
occupation	David Blaine (born David Blaine White; April 4, 1973) is an American magician, illusionist and endurance artist.	David Blaine	magician
occupation	Richard Yardumian (April 5, 1917 -- August 15, 1985) was an Armenian-American classical music composer.	Richard Yardumian	composer
occupation	Denis Oswald (born May 9, 1947) is a Swiss rower and sports official.	Denis Oswald	rower
occupation	Dan Haskett is a veteran animator who designed the character Belle for Disney's Beauty and the Beast, as well as Ariel for The Little Mermaid and Tod as an adult for The Fox and the Hound.	Dan Haskett	animator
occupation	Kalyn Chapman James is an American model, television host, and beauty pageant titleholder from Mobile, Alabama, who was crowned Miss Alabama in 1993, the first African American to win the pageant.	Kalyn Chapman	model
occupation	Douglas A. Baker (April 19, 1934 -- October 20, 2014) was an American professional wrestler and actor, better known professionally as Ox Baker.	Ox Baker	professional wrestler
occupation	Mabel Louise Smith (May 1, 1924 -- January 23, 1972), known professionally as Big Maybelle, was an American R&B singer.	Big Maybelle	singer
occupation	Charlotte Corbeil-Coleman is a Canadian playwright, screenwriter and actress.	Charlotte Corbeil-Coleman	playwright
occupation	Wilma Cosmé (born 16 January 1966, in San Juan, Puerto Rico), better known by her stage name Sa-Fire, is a Puerto Rican singer.	Sa-Fire	singer
occupation	Trude Weiss-Rosmarin (June 17, 1908 -- June 26, 1989) was a Jewish-German-American writer, editor, scholar, and feminist activist.	Trude Weiss-Rosmarin	writer
occupation	J. Robert King is a novelist who has also worked as a game designer on a number of products for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game from TSR.	J. Robert King	novelist
occupation	Edmund Howes (fl. 1607--1631), was an English chronicler.	Edmund Howes	chronicler
occupation	Penny Bacchiochi (born c. 1961) is an American Republican politician, who served as a state representative in Connecticut.	Penny Bacchiochi	politician
occupation	Eric Clayton (born December 1, 1967) is an American singer-songwriter and musician, best known for his work in the influential gothic symphonic metal group Saviour Machine which he formed with his brother Jeff Clayton in 1989.	Eric Clayton	singer-songwriter
occupation	Harald Grosskopf (or Harald Großkopf) is a German electronic musician.	Harald Grosskopf	musician
occupation	Paul Revere Braniff (August 30, 1897 -- June 1, 1954) was an airline entrepreneur.	Paul Revere Braniff	entrepreneur
occupation	Janeen Webb (née Pemberton) is an Australian writer, critic, and editor working mainly in the field of science fiction and fantasy.	Janeen Webb	writer
occupation	Glen Nissen (born 4 March 1966), nicknamed ``Know-How'', is a former Australian professional rugby league player who primarily played as a fullback, a centre, or a winger.	Glen Nissen	rugby league player
occupation	Dick Manning (June 12, 1912 -- April 11, 1991) was a Russian-born American songwriter, best known for his many collaborations with Al Hoffman.	Dick Manning	songwriter
occupation	Georgie Auld (May 19, 1919 -- January 8, 1990) was a jazz tenor saxophonist, clarinetist, and bandleader.	Georgie Auld	clarinetist	bandleader
occupation	Mark Guidry (born August 6, 1959 in Lafayette, Louisiana) was an American jockey.	Mark Guidry	jockey
occupation	Vladimir Tismăneanu (Romanian pronunciation: (vladiˈmir tisməˈne̯anu); born July 4, 1951) is a Romanian and American political scientist, political analyst, sociologist, and professor at the University of Maryland, College Park.	Vladimir Tismăneanu	political scientist	sociologist
occupation	Imre Augustich or Agostich (Slovene: Imre Augustič September 29/30, 1837 -- July 17, 1879) was a Slovene writer, poet, journalist, and representative of Vas county in the National Assembly of Hungary.	Imre Augustich	poet	journalist
occupation	Toby Olson (born 1937 Chicago) is an American novelist.	Toby Olson	novelist
occupation	Carlos Rafael Rodríguez (May 23, 1913 -- December 8, 1997) was a Cuban Communist politician, who served in the cabinets of presidents Fulgencio Batista and Fidel Castro.	Carlos Rafael Rodríguez	politician
occupation	Andy Varipapa (March 31, 1891 -- August 25, 1984) was a professional and trick bowler.	Andy Varipapa	bowler
occupation	Adrien Basin (fl. 1457 -- 1476; died after 1498) was a Franco-Flemish composer, singer, and diplomat of the Burgundian school of the early Renaissance.	Adrien Basin	composer
occupation	Pj Perez (born August 4, 1976) is an American editor, writer and musician, best known for his reports and commentary on Las Vegas culture in such publications as Rolling Stone.	Pj Perez	writer	musician
occupation	Algot Lange (10 May 1884 -?) was a Swedish explorer and writer of the Amazon.	Algot Lange	explorer
occupation	Jesse Marchant, better known by his stage name JBM, is a Canadian singer-songwriter.	JBM	singer
occupation	Branko Peković is a Serbian water polo player now representing Kazakhstan.	Branko Peković	water polo player
occupation	Jung Hyo-jung (Hangul: 정효정; born January 26, 1984) is a South Korean épée fencer.	Jung Hyo-jung	fencer
occupation	Steve Hofmann is a mathematician who helped solve the famous Kato's conjecture.	Steve Hofmann	mathematician
occupation	Andrew Gelman (born February 11, 1965) is an American statistician, professor of statistics and political science, and director of the Applied Statistics Center at Columbia University.	Andrew Gelman	statistician
occupation	Beth Ostrosky Stern (born July 15, 1972) is an American actress, author, model, and animal rights activist.	Beth Ostrosky Stern	model
occupation	Jeremiah Burroughs (sometimes Burroughes; c. 1600 -- London, November 13, 1646) was an English Congregationalist and a well-known Puritan preacher.	Jeremiah Burroughs	preacher
occupation	Alexander Bielaski (born Aleksander Bielawski August 10, 1811 in Poland; died November 7, 1861 in Mississippi County, Missouri) was a civil engineer and Captain in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Alexander Bielaski	civil engineer
occupation	La Diabólica (real name unknown; born September 28, 1965) is a Mexican luchadora enmascarada, or masked professional wrestler, best known from her work in the Mexican professional wrestling promotions Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA).	La Diabólica	professional wrestler
occupation	Giorgia Gueglio (born 1973) is an Italian singer and founding member of the heavy metal band Mastercastle.	Giorgia Gueglio	singer
occupation	Jian Ghomeshi (born June 9, 1967) is a Canadian musician, writer, and former CBC radio broadcaster.	Jian Ghomeshi	musician	writer
occupation	Erminio Blotta (November 8, 1892 -- January 23, 1976) was an Argentine self-taught sculptor of Italian origin.	Erminio Blotta	sculptor
occupation	Diego Bossio (born September 9, 1979) is an Argentine economist appointed Executive Director of ANSES, the national social insurance agency.	Diego Bossio	economist
occupation	Mychal Green (born January 15, 1983 in Columbus, Ohio, USA ) is an American professional basketball player.	Mychal Green	basketball player
occupation	Quinn Marston is an American indie folk singer-songwriter based in New York City.	Quinn Marston	singer-songwriter
occupation	William T. Carpenter, M.D. is a psychiatrist, a pioneer in the fields of psychiatry and pharmacology who served as an expert witness in the John W. Hinckley trial for the attempted assassination of U.S. President Ronald Reagan.	William T. Carpenter	psychiatrist
occupation	Rachel Hirschfeld (born January 20, 1946) is an animal rights activist and a lawyer specializing in the area of animal law, pet trusts, and pet protection agreements.	Rachel Hirschfeld	lawyer
occupation	Papiloa Foliaki is a Tongan former politician.	Papiloa Foliaki	politician
occupation	Agnès Fienga is a French astronomer working at the Institut de Mécanique Céleste et de Calcul des Éphémérides.	Agnès Fienga	astronomer
occupation	Snyder Rini (born 27 July 1949) is a Solomon Islands politician who was briefly the eighth Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands from April to May 2006 and has been Minister for Finance and Treasury since December 2007.	Snyder Rini	politician
occupation	E. C. Osondu is a Nigerian writer known for his short stories.	E. C. Osondu	writer
occupation	Ames created the HBO series Bored to Death, which stars Jason Schwartzman as a struggling Brooklyn novelist named Jonathan Ames who moonlights as an unlicensed private detective.	Jonathan Ames	novelist
occupation	Paul Dourish (born 1966) is a computer scientist best known for his work and research at the intersection of computer science and social science.	Paul Dourish	computer scientist
occupation	T. Harv Eker is an author, businessman and motivational speaker known for his theories on wealth and motivation.	T. Harv Eker	motivational speaker
occupation	Shazahn Padamsee (born 1987) is an Indian film and stage actress, who has also worked as model.	Shazahn Padamsee	model
occupation	Philippa Lowthorpe (born 27 December 1961) is a film and television director from Market Rasen.	Philippa Lowthorpe	television director
occupation	Andrea della Robbia (October 24, 1435 -- August 4, 1525) was an Italian Renaissance sculptor, especially in ceramics.	Andrea della Robbia	sculptor
occupation	Sabapathypillai Illangaratnam was a Sri Lankan cricketer and stalwart of Moratuwa and Bloomfield Cricket club and Bank of Ceylon prior to country obtaining the test status.	Sabapathypillai Illangaratnam	cricketer
occupation	Samuel J. Danishefsky (born March 10, 1936) is an American chemist working as a professor at both Columbia University and the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City.	Samuel J. Danishefsky	chemist
occupation	Bill Morrissey (November 25, 1951 -- July 23, 2011) was an American folk singer/songwriter from New Hampshire.	Bill Morrissey	singer
occupation	Nidhi Eoseewong (also rendered Nithi Aeusrivongse and Nithi ʻĪeosīwong) (Thai: นิธิ เอียวศรีวงศ์; rtgs: Nithi Iaosiwong; b. May 8, 1940) is a prominent Thai historian, writer, and political commentator.	Nidhi Eoseewong	historian
occupation	Jeanette Clinger, is an American singer/vocalist who has toured and/or recorded with such artists as Kim Carnes, Bradley Joseph, Hiroshima (band), Sheena Easton, Julie Brown, Donovan, and Yanni for whom she is featured on the live concert video and album Tribute.	Jeanette Clinger	singer
occupation	Walley Chamberlain Oulton (1770?--1820?) was an Irish playwright, theatre historian and man of letters.	Walley Chamberlain Oulton	playwright
occupation	Thomas Middleditch (born March 10, 1982) is a Canadian actor, comedian, and television writer, known for his lead roles as Justin Frost in the 2009 romantic comedy Splinterheads and as Richard Hendricks in the HBO series Silicon Valley.	Thomas Middleditch	actor
occupation	William Urban is a crusader historian specialising in Baltic Crusades and the Teutonic knights, and is one of the leading experts on the matter in the US.	William Urban	historian
occupation	T. Arthur Cottam is a screenwriter, actor, producer and film director.	T. Arthur Cottam	film director
occupation	Carolyn Chute (born Carolyn Penny, June 14, 1947) is an American writer and populist political activist strongly identified with the culture of poor, rural western Maine.	Carolyn Chute	writer
occupation	Marco Antonio Solís (born December 29, 1959) is a Mexican musician, composer, and record producer.	Marco Antonio Solís	composer	record producer
occupation	Emma Clayton is a British children's novelist and author of dystopian thrillers, The Roar and The Whisper.	Emma Clayton	novelist
occupation	Dr. Ali Haghighi is a biochemist with Natural Balance Pet Foods in Pacoima, California.	Ali Haghighi	biochemist
occupation	Samuel Pountney Smith JP (born 2 November 1812, died 5 November 1883) was an English architect who practised in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England.	Samuel Pountney Smith	architect
occupation	Makeba Riddick (also known as ``Girl Wonder'') is a singer-songwriter who has been active since 2005.	Makeba Riddick	singer-songwriter
occupation	Emily de Vialar or Émilie de Vialar (1797--1856) was a French nun who founded the missionary congregation of the Sisters of St. Joseph of the Apparition.	Emily de Vialar	nun
occupation	Seymour Lowman (October 7, 1868 -- March 13, 1940) was an American lawyer and politician from the city of New York.	Seymour Lowman	politician
occupation	Lai Yiu-fai (Chinese: 黎耀輝) is a Hong Kong cinematographer.	Lai Yiu-fai	cinematographer
occupation	Mikhail Ilyukhin (born November 21, 1966) is a retired Russian mixed martial artist and professional wrestler who competed in the light heavyweight division.	Mikhail Ilyukhin	mixed martial artist
occupation	John Michael Boardman is a mathematician whose speciality is algebraic and differential topology.	Michael Boardman	mathematician
occupation	Ken Greengrass (June 22, 1926 -- April 10, 2014) was an Emmy-winning American music and television producer, perhaps best known as a manager of such musical performers as Eydie Gormé and Steve Lawrence, Art Garfunkel and Florence Henderson.	Ken Greengrass	television producer
occupation	Tree Carr is an American singer, multi-instrumentalist and actress who has played in a variety of London-based bands and has appeared in several films.	Tree Carr	singer
occupation	Thomas C. Cheney (October 10, 1868 -- October 13, 1957) was a Vermont politician and attorney who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives.	Thomas C. Cheney	politician
occupation	Petar Čortanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Чортановић) or Čortanovački (Чортановачки, fl. 1814--1856) was a Serbian painter.	Petar Čortanović	painter
occupation	Oscar Humphries (born April 1981) is an Australian fine art and design dealer and journalist.	Oscar Humphries	journalist
occupation	Leonard Burnett (April 5, 1845 in Yorkshire, England - August 21, 1932) was a politician, farmer and teacher.	Leonard Burnett	politician
occupation	Abe Kakepetum is a recognized Anishinaabeg painter, who began his paintings at age nine.	Abe Kakepetum	painter
occupation	Calandrino was a historical person, an Italian Renaissance painter named Nozzo di Perino who lived in the fourteenth century.	Calandrino	painter
occupation	Luis Laso de la Vega (or Luis Lasso de la Vega) was a 17th-century Mexican priest and lawyer.	Luis Laso de la Vega	priest
occupation	Meiling Melançon (born March 3, 1980) also known as Mei Melançon 明依 , Mei Melançon or Mei Melancon is an American actress and former fashion model.	Meiling Melançon	model
occupation	Karen Petrie is a British computer scientist specialising in the area of constraints programming.	Karen Petrie	computer scientist
occupation	René Mailhot (1942/43 -- April 28, 2007) was a Canadian journalist from the province of Quebec.	René Mailhot	journalist
occupation	T. Scott Garrett, M.D. (born July 22, 1956) is an American politician.	T. Scott Garrett	politician
occupation	Jackson Berkey is an American composer, pianist and singer, best known for his work with Mannheim Steamroller, which he co-founded with Chip Davis in 1974.	Jackson Berkey	composer
occupation	Miguel Poventud a.k.a. ``El Niño Prodigio de Guayama'' and ``Miguelito'' (August 4, 1942 -- March 3, 1983), was a Puerto Rican musician, singer, actor and composer of Boleros.	Miguel Poventud	singer	composer
occupation	Franklin Rhoda was an American reporter, philosopher, and topographer.	Franklin Rhoda	philosopher
occupation	Natsuko Yamamoto (山本奈津子 Yamamoto Natsuko) is a Japanese actor.	Natsuko Yamamoto	actor
occupation	Lazer Lederhendler is a Canadian literary translator and academic.	Lazer Lederhendler	translator
occupation	Pyar Ali Allana was a politician from Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Pyar Ali Allana	politician
occupation	China Forbes (born April 29, 1970) is an American singer and songwriter, best known as the lead singer of Pink Martini.	China Forbes	singer and songwriter
occupation	Henri Manuel (1874 - 1947) was a Parisian photographer who served as the official photographer of the French government from 1914 to 1944.	Henri Manuel	photographer
occupation	Maria E. Piñeres is a Colombia-born American artist who lives and works in Los Angeles, CA.	Maria E. Piñeres	artist
occupation	E. E. Bell (born Edward Earle Bell; December 27, 1955) is an American comic actor best known for his role as Bob Rooney on the sitcom Married... with Children.	E. E. Bell	actor
occupation	Benny Thomasson (April 22, 1909 -- January 1984) was an American fiddler in the Texas style of fiddling.	Benny Thomasson	fiddler
occupation	François du Toit is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with Golden Lions.	François du Toit	rugby union player
occupation	Jan Borman (sometimes Borreman or Borremans, fl. c. 1479-1520) was a Flemish Northern renaissance sculptor.	Jan Borman	sculptor
occupation	Billy Martindale (born September 10, 1938) is an American professional golfer who has also had career interests as a white-tailed deer breeder, golf course designer, and oil & gas entrepreneur.	Billy Martindale	golfer
occupation	Dennis Burgess (February 18, 1926 -- November 3, 1980) was a British television actor born in Neath, Glamorgan, Wales.	Dennis Burgess	actor
occupation	Rita Tainola began her career as a journalist in 1978 when she started to work for a Finnish magazine called Eeva.	Rita Tainola	journalist
occupation	Roger Avary (born August 23, 1965) is a Canadian film and television producer, screenwriter and director in the American mass media industry.	Roger Avary	television producer	screenwriter
occupation	Magdalena Matysiewicz better known as Magdalena Mazur (1976 in Katowice) is a Polish television presenter and model.	Magdalena Mazur	model
occupation	Lacey Fosburgh (3 October 1942 -- January 11, 1993) was an American journalist, author, and academic best known for her bestselling book, Closing Time:	Lacey Fosburgh	journalist
occupation	Matt Bettinelli-Olpin is an American director, writer, actor and musician.	Matt Bettinelli-Olpin	actor
occupation	Una Mullally is an Irish journalist and broadcaster.	Una Mullally	journalist
occupation	Kazuyuki Miyata (宮田 和幸 Miyata Kazuyuki) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division.	Kazuyuki Miyata	mixed martial artist
occupation	Antonio José de Irisarri Alonso (February 7, 1786 -- June 10, 1868), was a Guatemalan statesman, journalist, and politician who served as Interim Supreme Director of Chile in 1814.	Antonio José de Irisarri	journalist
occupation	Titus Sheard (October 4, 1841 Batley, West Riding of Yorkshire, England -- April 13, 1904 Little Falls, Herkimer County, New York) was an American businessman and politician.	Titus Sheard	politician
occupation	Craig Shoemaker (born November 15, 1958) is an American comedian, writer, and voice actor.	Craig Shoemaker	actor
occupation	Corina Chiriac (born October 26, 1949) is a Romanian singer, composer, lyricist, television director and actress.	Corina Chiriac	singer	composer
occupation	Kawa Mohamed Ahmed Garmeyani, well known as Kawa Garmeyani (Kurdish:کاوە محمد ئەحمەد گەرمیانی, Arabic:كاوه محمد أحمد كرمياني) was an Iraqi Kurdish journalist.	Kawa Garmeyani	journalist
occupation	Brian Skerry is an underwater photojournalist who works primarily for National Geographic magazine.	Brian Skerry	photojournalist
occupation	Josef Feid, an Austrian landscape painter, was born at Vienna in 1806.	Josef Feid	painter
occupation	Ray Still (March 12, 1920 -- March 12, 2014) was an American classical oboist.	Ray Still	oboist
occupation	Robert Thwaites is a former graphic designer from the United Kingdom who gave up work due to failing eyesight in the late nineties.	Robert Thwaites	graphic designer
occupation	William Horberg is a Hollywood film producer and blogger.	William Horberg	film producer	blogger
occupation	Phranc is the stage name of Susan Gottlieb (b. August 28, 1957, in Santa Monica, California), a Californian singer-songwriter whose career has spanned several decades.	Phranc	singer
occupation	Daniel J. Hunt is an American politician elected in April 2014 to the Massachusetts House of Representatives.	Daniel J. Hunt	politician
occupation	Janko Gojković (born April 14, 1973) is a Bosnian former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and butterfly events.	Janko Gojković	swimmer
occupation	Elma Mitchell (November 19, 1919 Airdrie, Lanarkshire - November 23, 2000) was a British poet.	Elma Mitchell	poet
occupation	Ludwig Rosenfelder (* July 18, 1813 in Breslau; † April 18, 1881 in Königsberg) was a German painter and philosopher.	Ludwig Rosenfelder	painter	philosopher
occupation	Charles Francis Coghlan (1842--1899) was an Anglo-Irish actor and playwright once popular on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean.	Charles Francis Coghlan	playwright
occupation	North Callahan (August 7, 1908 -- December 20, 2004) was an American journalist, historian and scholar.	North Callahan	journalist	historian
occupation	Master of the Cypresses, (fl. 1420-1440) was a Spanish painter and manuscript illuminator.	Master of the Cypresses	painter
occupation	Lee Sanders is an American composer who began his composing career in 2001 with his scores for New Line Cinema's The Lord of the Rings website and CBS's reality-competition show The Amazing Race.	Lee Sanders	composer
occupation	Len Cella is an American film actor and director.	Len Cella	actor
occupation	Motoyoshi Oda (Japanese: 小田基義) (July 21, 1910; Moji City, Fukuoka -- October 21, 1973; Tokyo) was a Japanese film director.	Motoyoshi Oda	film director
occupation	Juul Johansson better known as Mads Mathias is a Danish singer, saxophonist and songwriter.	Mads Mathias	singer	saxophonist
occupation	Robert Hambling is an Australian film director/editor, currently based in Sydney.	Robert Hambling	film director
occupation	``Bad'' Bennie Briscoe (February 8, 1943 -- December 28, 2010) was the quintessential Philadelphia boxer.	Bennie Briscoe	boxer
occupation	Lauren Wolkstein is an American film director, writer, and editor.	Lauren Wolkstein	film director
occupation	Martha Layne Collins (née Hall, born December 7, 1936) is an American former businesswoman and politician from the U.S. state of Kentucky; she was elected as the state's 56th governor from 1983 to 1987, the first woman to hold the office and the only one to date.	Martha Layne Collins	politician
occupation	John McLaughlin Williams (born 1957) is a Grammy award-winning American orchestral conductor and violinist.	John McLaughlin Williams	conductor
occupation	John Michael McDonagh is an English-born screenwriter and film director of Irish descent.	John Michael McDonagh	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Melissa Greener is an American singer-songwriter who describes herself as a folk crooner.	Melissa Greener	singer-songwriter
occupation	Andy Landen (born Sept 19, 1981) is a Canadian film director currently living in Los Angeles, California.	Andy Landen	film director
occupation	Jorge Aramburo Siegert is an electrical engineer graduate from the Universidad de Antioquia, with a Masters in Business Administration from the Universidad EAFIT and graduate studies in finance and marketing from the same institution.	Jorge Aramburo Siegert	engineer
occupation	1984, he was the first jazz musician to be honored by the State of Minnesota with his own ``Irv Williams Day''.	Irv Williams	jazz musician
occupation	Simone Giuliani (born May 1, 1973) is an Italian musician, film composer, arranger, record producer and music director based in Manhattan, New York.	Simone Giuliani	composer
occupation	Sarah Webster Fabio (January 20, 1928 -- November 7, 1979) was a poet, literary critic and educator.	Sarah Webster Fabio	poet
occupation	Nevertheless, Patrick White's greatness as a novelist remains undoubted.	Patrick White	novelist
occupation	Cosmin Hănceanu (born on 26 July 1986) is a Romanian sabre fencer, team world champion in 2009.	Cosmin Hănceanu	fencer
occupation	Georg Calixtus, Kallisøn/Kallisön, or Callisen (December 14, 1586 -- March 19, 1656) was a German Lutheran theologian who looked to reconcile all Christendom by removing all unimportant differences.	Georg Calixtus	theologian
occupation	Yuri Gorbachev (born December 29, 1948 in Uglovka near Leningrad, U.S.S.R.) is a famous Russian painter and sculptor.	Yuri Gorbachev	painter	sculptor
occupation	Thomas Crook (May 22, 1798 Westminster, Windham County, Vermont -- October 3, 1879) was an American politician from New York.	Thomas Crook	politician
occupation	Bela Borsodi is an Austrian still life photographer based in New York City.	Bela Borsodi	photographer
occupation	Wojciech Kasperski (born April 25, 1981) is a Polish screenwriter, film director and producer.	Wojciech Kasperski	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Ithiel Town (October 3, 1784 -- June 13, 1844) was a prominent American architect and civil engineer.	Ithiel Town	architect	civil engineer
occupation	Matthew Woolf (born July 13, 1971, London) is a British cinematographer and producer, working in the USA and internationally.	Matthew Woolf	cinematographer
occupation	Peter Danko (born 1949) is an inventor, designer, and artist.	Peter Danko	artist
occupation	In 2011, Tying Tiffany and Italian electronic producer and composer Lorenzo Montanà started a new project T.T.L. (meaning ``Through The Lens'').	Tying Tiffany	composer
occupation	Mohsen Safaei Farahani (Persian: محسن صفایی فراهانی ‎) is an Iranian politician.	Mohsen Safaei Farahani	politician
occupation	Selma Harrington née Arnautović is a Bosnian-born architect and designer who lives in Dublin, Ireland.	Selma Harrington	architect
occupation	Judy Chamberlain (born September 26, 1944 in New York City) is an American jazz singer, bandleader and journalist known for her extensive repertoire, estimated at four thousand songs from the Great American Songbook.	Judy Chamberlain	bandleader	journalist
occupation	Ricau de Tarascon (also spelled Ricautz or Ricavi) was a Provençal knight and troubadour from Tarascon, active between 1200 and 1240.	Ricau de Tarascon	troubadour
occupation	Mike Sturgis is an American drummer, having played for the band 21 Guns and later with Iron Maiden guitarist Adrian Smith in Psycho Motel, where he played on both State of Mind (1996) and Welcome to the World (1997) albums.	Mike Sturgis	drummer
occupation	Herman Bank (October 26, 1916 - November 2, 2012) was an American mechanical engineer who worked for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) from 1947 to 1984.	Herman Bank	engineer
occupation	Stephen Milburn Anderson (March 13, 1948 -- May 1, 2015) was an American film director and writer who wrote and directed eight films.	Stephen Milburn Anderson	film director
occupation	Jas Arora is an Indian model and Bollywood actor.	Jas Arora	actor
occupation	Kais Dukes is a computer scientist and software developer known for the development of the Quranic Arabic Corpus and JQuranTree.	Kais Dukes	computer scientist
occupation	Irén Lovász is a Hungarian folk singer and ethnographer.	Irén Lovász	singer
occupation	James Piers St Aubyn (1815--1895), often referred to as J P St Aubyn, was an English architect of the Victorian era, known for his church architecture and confident restorations.	James Piers St Aubyn	architect
occupation	Denis Rodier is a comic book illustrator; he has worked for multiple companies including DC Comics, Milestone Media, and Marvel Comics.	Denis Rodier	illustrator
occupation	Brigadier-General Charles Auguste Creutzer (1780--1832) was a French officer in Napoleon's Army.	Charles Auguste Creutzer	officer
occupation	Paul Dresser (born Johann Paul Dreiser, Jr.; April 22, 1857 -- January 30, 1906) was an American singer, songwriter, and comedic actor of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	Paul Dresser	singer	actor
occupation	Harris Allan (born February 11, 1985) is a Canadian actor and recording artist.	Harris Allan	actor
occupation	Arnie Hamilton is a former Canadian politician, who served as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005, representing the riding of Esquimalt-Metchosin.	Arnie Hamilton	politician
occupation	Goos Meeuwsen (b. Arnhem, 1982) is a Dutch circus artist.	Goos Meeuwsen	artist
occupation	Bill Budge (born c. 1954) is an American video game programmer and designer.	Bill Budge	game programmer
occupation	Garrey Dawson is a British chef who has appeared on television in the BBC programme Ready Steady Cook.	Garrey Dawson	chef
occupation	Michel Colombier (May 23, 1939 -- November 14, 2004) was a French composer, songwriter, arranger, and conductor.	Michel Colombier	composer	conductor
occupation	Ilias Lalaounis (1920- 2013) was a Greek goldsmith, jeweler and jewel designer.	Ilias Lalaounis	goldsmith
occupation	Raúl de Anda (1908--1997) was a Mexican actor, screenwriter, film producer and director.	Raúl de Anda	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Rami Al Ali (Arabic: رامي العلي ‎; born in Deir ez-Zor) is a Syrian-born fashion designer.	Rami Al Ali	fashion designer
occupation	Margaret Holford (1778--1852) was an English poet and translator.	Margaret Holford	poet
occupation	Per Svenningsson is a neurologist specializing in the neuropharmacology of movement disorders such as Parkinson's disease.	Per Svenningsson	neurologist
occupation	José António Tavares dos Anjos is a journalist, historian, genealogist and former National Park Service employee at Lowell National Historical Park and the St. Gaudens National Historic Site.	José António Tavares dos Anjos	journalist
occupation	Smaro Kamboureli is a Canadian poet and scholar who currently is a professor of English at the University of Toronto, where she also sits as the Avie Bennett Chair in Canadian Literature.	Smaro Kamboureli	poet
occupation	Katherine LaNasa (born December 1, 1966) is an American actress, former ballet dancer and choreographer.	Katherine LaNasa	ballet dancer	choreographer
occupation	Nate Parker (born November 18, 1979) is an American actor, director, producer, writer and musical performer who has appeared in Beyond the Lights, Red Tails, The Secret Life of Bees, The Great Debaters, Arbitrage, Non-Stop, Felon and Pride.	Nate Parker	actor
occupation	Janele Hyer-Spencer began her career as an activist, advocate, lawyer and politician on the foundation of devotion to family and the values of hard work.	Janele Hyer-Spencer	politician
occupation	Leni Sinclair, born Magdalene Arndt, is an American photographer and radical political activist who lives in Detroit.	Leni Sinclair	photographer
occupation	Karen Lee Batten is a country music singer from British Columbia.	Karen Lee Batten	singer
occupation	Ty Longley (September 4, 1971 -- February 20, 2003) was an American guitarist and vocalist.	Ty Longley	guitarist
occupation	Albert Tipton (March 16, 1917 -- October 5, 1997) was an American flutist, pianist and conductor.	Albert Tipton	conductor
occupation	Jiang Wen-Ye (Chinese: 江文也; pinyin: Jiāng Wényě, June 11, 1910 -- October 24, 1983) was a Taiwanese composer, active mainly in Japan and later in China.	Jiang Wen-Ye	composer
occupation	Guillermo Jones (born May 5, 1972) is a Panamanian professional boxer and former WBA cruiserweight champion.	Guillermo Jones	boxer
occupation	Connie Eaton (March 1, 1950 -- September 30, 1999) was a country music singer.	Connie Eaton	singer
occupation	John Michael Stipe (born January 4, 1960) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, film producer, music video director, and visual artist.	Michael Stipe	singer, songwriter	musician	film producer
occupation	Chipps Chippendale (real name William Henry James Chippendale III) is a mountain biking journalist in the UK.	Chipps Chippendale	journalist
occupation	Volker Strassen (born April 29, 1936) is a German mathematician, a professor emeritus in the department of mathematics and statistics at the University of Konstanz.	Volker Strassen	mathematician
occupation	Elizabeth Rebecca Edwin was the daughter of actor William Talbot Richards (d. 1813), who at the time of her birth in Dublin had been engaged with her mother at the Crow Street Theatre.	Elizabeth Rebecca Edwin	actor
occupation	Raymond Mailloux (May 1, 1918 -- July 26, 1995) was a Quebec politician and Cabinet Minister.	Raymond Mailloux	politician
occupation	Pedro Koechlin von Stein is a Peruvian politician and entrepreneur.	Pedro Koechlin von Stein	politician	entrepreneur
occupation	Bano Qudsia (Punjabi, Urdu: بانو قدسیه‎) (born 1928) is a writer, playwright and spiritualist from Pakistan who writes Urdu novels and short stories.	Bano Qudsia	writer
occupation	Jake Herbert (born March 6, 1985) of Ann Arbor, Michigan is an American amateur wrestler.	Jake Herbert	amateur wrestler
occupation	Pauline Prior-Pitt is a British poet who lives in North Uist, Scotland.	Pauline Prior-Pitt	poet
occupation	Adeline Trafton Knox (abt. 1842--1920?) was an American writer and novelist, she published most of her work in the 1870s.	Adeline Trafton	novelist
occupation	Lieutenant General John B. Conaway (born August 23, 1934) is a retired U.S. Air Force officer who served as the Chief of the National Guard Bureau in Washington, D.C. from 1990 to 1993.	John B. Conaway	officer
occupation	Ady Spencer born in Warrington, Cheshire, England is a former professional rugby league player.	Ady Spencer	rugby league player
occupation	Tomasz Gudzowaty (born 1971) is a Polish documentary, portrait and art photographer, who gained international recognition through numerous publications and awards, most notably -- in World Press Photo in which he succeeded nine times.	Tomasz Gudzowaty	photographer
occupation	Todd Glickman (born June 13, 1956) is a meteorologist whose weather reports can be heard on WCBS Newsradio-880 in New York City and internationally at cbsnewyork.com.	Todd Glickman	meteorologist
occupation	Mary Edwards Wertsch (born Mary Brightwell Edwards on July 23, 1951) is an author, journalist, independent publisher and expert on the subculture of American military brats.	Mary Edwards Wertsch	journalist
occupation	John Gebhard (February 22, 1782 Claverack, Columbia County, New York -- January 3, 1854 Schoharie, Schoharie County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	John Gebhard	lawyer	politician
occupation	Ahmed Hussen (Somali: Axmed Xuseen, Arabic: احمد حسين‎‎; born 1975 or 1976) is a Somali-Canadian lawyer and political activist.	Ahmed Hussen	lawyer
occupation	Jeffrey Alan Schechter (usually credited as Jeff Schechter) is a screenwriter whose work has been nominated for two Emmy awards, a Writers Guild of America award, and a Writers Guild of Canada award.	Jeffrey Alan Schechter	screenwriter
occupation	Jason Bellini (born July 12, 1975) is an American journalist, and until August 2008 was the lead news anchor for CBS News on Logo.	Jason Bellini	journalist
occupation	Robert Beauchamp (1923 -- March 1995) was an American figurative painter and arts educator.	Robert Beauchamp	painter
occupation	Gurney Norman is an American writer, documentarian, and professor.	Gurney Norman	writer
occupation	Andrea Mágori or Mrs. József Mágori (née Balogi; born May 1, 1952) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Makó (Csongrád County Constituency VII) from 2010 to 2014.	Andrea Mágori	politician
occupation	Wolf Kahn (born October 4, 1927) is a German-born American painter.	Wolf Kahn	painter
occupation	Robert E. Lane is an American political scientist and political psychologist.	Robert E. Lane	political scientist
occupation	Dr. Maurice Macdonald Seymour M.D., C. M., D. P. H., (July 7, 1857 -- January 6, 1929), Commissioner of Public Health, was a physician and surgeon of the early North West Territories in Canada.	Maurice Macdonald Seymour	physician	surgeon
occupation	Chris Johanson is an American painter and street artist.	Chris Johanson	painter
occupation	David E. Carter is an entrepreneur and writer on graphic design, logo design, and corporate branding.	David E. Carter	entrepreneur	writer
occupation	Jack Cassinetto is a plein air painter of the tonalism movement.	Jack Cassinetto	painter
occupation	Stephen L. Carter (born October 26, 1954) is an American law professor at Yale University, legal- and social-policy writer, columnist, and best-selling novelist.	Stephen L. Carter	novelist
occupation	Judy Birmingham is a prominent English historical archaeologist, who has been based in Sydney, Australia for most of her career.	Judy Birmingham	archaeologist
occupation	John Balguy (August 12, 1686 -- September 21, 1748) was an English divine and philosopher.	John Balguy	philosopher
occupation	Francesca Martinez (born 1978) is an English stand-up comedian, writer and actress, born in London to a Spanish father and half-Swedish, half-English mother.	Francesca Martinez	writer
occupation	Madduri Venugopal better known as Master Venu (1916--1981) was a music composer of the Telugu and Tamil cinemas and the father of the actor Bhanu Chander.	Master Venu	composer
occupation	Professor Danny Brom is a clinical psychologist and founding director of the Israel Center for the Treatment of Psychotrauma of Herzog Hospitalin Jerusalem, Israel.	Danny Brom	psychologist
occupation	Eric Arbuthnot was a South African first-class cricketer.	Eric Arbuthnot	cricketer
occupation	Christopher of Paris (also known as Christophe de Paris, Cristoforo Parigino, Christophorus Parisiensis) was an Italian alchemist active at the end of the fifteenth century and author of a number of treatises influenced by pseudo-Lull.	Christopher of Paris	alchemist
occupation	Clinton Gregory (born March 1, 1964 in Martinsville, Virginia) is an American country and bluegrass singer, songwriter, and fiddler.	Clinton Gregory	singer, songwriter	fiddler
original network	Britain's Missing Top Model was a British Reality TV modelling show for disabled women, aired on BBC Three.	Britain's Missing Top Model	BBC Three
original network	100 Questions (originally known as 100 Questions for Charlotte Payne) is an American situation comedy series which premiered on NBC on May 27, 2010.	100 Questions	NBC
original network	Inside Canada is a Canadian variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1973 to 1974.	Inside Canada	CBC Television
original network	Saber y ganar (``Knowing and Winning''), is a Spanish cultural quiz show hosted by Jordi Hurtado, which has been broadcast on La 2 since 1997.	Saber y ganar	La 2
original network	Love Is in the Heir is an American reality documentary television series on E! that debuted on November 28, 2004.	Love Is in the Heir	E
original network	Cowbois ac Injans (Cowboys and Engines) is a Welsh language television drama written by brother and sister Jon Tregenna and Catherine Tregenna which was broadcast on S4C.	Cowbois ac Injans	S4C
original network	Australia's Funniest Home Videos (originally Graham Kennedy's Funniest Home Video Show in its first season and Australia's Funniest Home Video Show in subsequent seasons, also known as The Video Show) is an Australian television show on the Nine Network that presents home videos sent in by viewers.	Australia's Funniest Home Videos	Nine Network
original network	Are You Tougher Than a Boy Scout? is an American reality television series the National Geographic Channel that debuted on March 4, 2013.	Are You Tougher Than a Boy Scout?	National Geographic Channel
original network	Non-Summit (Hangul: 비정상회담; RR: Bijeongsanghoedam), also known as Abnormal Summit, is a South Korean television program on JTBC which first aired on July 7, 2014.	Non-Summit	JTBC
original network	The Martha Raye Show is an hour-long comedy/variety show which aired live on NBC from January 23, 1954, to May 29, 1956.	The Martha Raye Show	NBC
parent taxon	Kishinoue's giant skink (Plestiodon kishinouyei) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family found only in Japan.	Kishinoue's giant skink	Plestiodon
parent taxon	Cyclorrhapha is an unranked taxon within the infraorder Muscomorpha.	Cyclorrhapha	Muscomorpha
parent taxon	Blanford's jerboa, or Jaculus blanfordi, is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae.	Blanford's jerboa	Jaculus
parent taxon	Sorastrum is a genus of green algae in the family Hydrodictyaceae.	Sorastrum	Hydrodictyaceae
parent taxon	The Acre tody-tyrant (Hemitriccus cohnhafti) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Acre tody-tyrant	Hemitriccus
parent taxon	The American toad (Anaxyrus americanus, formerly Bufo americanus) is a common species of toad found throughout the eastern United States and Canada.	American toad	Anaxyrus
parent taxon	The Galápagos green turtle (Chelonia agassizii) used to be classified as a subspecies of the green sea turtle (Chelonia mydas) but was changed for a few reasons.	Galápagos green turtle	Chelonia
parent taxon	The Smerinthinae are a sub-family of Sphingidae moths in the order Lepidoptera.	Smerinthinae	Sphingidae
parent taxon	The Malayan pygmy shrew (Suncus malayanus) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Malayan pygmy shrew	Suncus
parent taxon	The Steere's liocichla (Liocichla steerii) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.	Steere's liocichla	Liocichla
participant of	Jesse Ross (born 9 February 1990 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian amateur boxer selected for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the middleweight division.	Jesse Ross	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Josef Hrubeš (born September 26, 1916) is a Czech boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics for Czechoslovakia.	Josef Hrubeš	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Arthur Lanigan-O'Keeffe (born 13 September 1991) is an Irish athlete who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Modern pentathlon.	Arthur Lanigan-O'Keeffe	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tadeusz Krzyżanowski (29 August 1920 in Osterfeld -- 31 January 1987 in Gdańsk) was a Polish shot putter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Tadeusz Krzyżanowski	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Henry St Aubyn Murray (14 January 1886 -- 12 April 1943) was a New Zealand athlete, who competed for Australasia in the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, England.	Henry St Aubyn Murray	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anton Zwerina (June 7, 1900 -- May 19, 1973) was an Austrian weightlifter who competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Anton Zwerina	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pauls Sokolovs (born 1902, date of death unknown) was a Latvian footballer who competed for Latvia national football team at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Pauls Sokolovs	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Frank Mill (born 23 July 1958 in Essen, West Germany) is a German former footballer who was part of the 1990 FIFA World Cup winning squad of West Germany.	Frank Mill	1990 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Chantae McMillan (born May 1, 1988) is an American heptathlete who has qualified to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.	Chantae McMillan	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eric Amend (born November 17, 1965 in Berkeley, California) is a former tennis player from the United States, who participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics for his native country.	Eric Amend	1984 Summer Olympics
performer	G N' R Lies, also known as Lies, is the second studio album by the American rock band Guns N' Roses, released in 1988.	G N' R Lies	Guns N' Roses
performer	``We Do It'' is a song written by Russell Stone, who was the male half of the husband and wife duo R&J Stone.	We Do It	R&J Stone
performer	Frankie Welfare Boy Age 5 is the debut studio album by American emo band Braid, released in 1995 on Divot Records.	Frankie Welfare Boy Age 5	Braid
performer	The Ponderer is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Odean Pope recorded in 1990 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.	The Ponderer	Odean Pope
performer	Rick Sings Nelson is Ricky Nelson and the Stone Canyon Band's country rock album from 1970.	Rick Sings Nelson	Ricky Nelson
performer	Swingin' with Raymond is the seventh studio album by anarchist punk band Chumbawamba.	Swingin' with Raymond	Chumbawamba
performer	Disciplined Breakdown is the third studio album by American post-grunge band Collective Soul.	Disciplined Breakdown	Collective Soul
performer	Another Planet is the sixth studio album by English deathrock band Alien Sex Fiend, released in 1988 by record label Anagram.	Another Planet	Alien Sex Fiend
performer	Me and You and the World is the third studio album, and first major label release, by American acoustic rock performer Dave Barnes.	Me and You and the World	Dave Barnes
performer	Beer Drinkers and Hell Raisers EP is a 1980 release of a 1977 recording session by English rock band Motörhead.	Beer Drinkers and Hell Raisers	Motörhead
performer	Draped Up & Chipped Out, Vol. 2 is a compilation album by the American rapper Messy Marv, released on November 6, 2007.	Draped Up & Chipped Out, Vol. 2	Messy Marv
performer	C-L-A-W-S is the second studio album and first LP recorded by the indie rock band Gospel Claws.	C-L-A-W-S	Gospel Claws
performer	Loops and Reels is an album by Peter Hammill, originally released on cassette on the Sofa Sound label (catalog number SS4) in June 1983.	Loops and Reels	Peter Hammill
performer	Where Did the Night Fall is the fifth regular studio album from British electronic music act Unkle, released on 10 May 2010.	Where Did the Night Fall	Unkle
performer	Music Machine II (AKA The Music Machine: All About Love) (1983) is a Christian children's album by Candle that is a continuation of the Music Machine album from 1977.	Music Machine II	Candle
performer	``I Won't Let You Down'' is a 1982 single by British band Ph.D. It entered the UK charts in April 1982 at #34 and peaked at #3 in May of that year.	I Won't Let You Down	Ph.D.
performer	The Energy of Sound is a 1998 album created by Trance Atlantic Air Waves, a side project of Michael Cretu.	The Energy of Sound	Trance Atlantic Air Waves
performer	Am I the Kinda Girl? is the third album by English dance artist Cathy Dennis.	Am I the Kinda Girl?	Cathy Dennis
performer	``Don't Let Me Cross Over'' is a song made famous as a duet by Carl Butler and Pearl, a husband-and-wife country music duo.	Don't Let Me Cross Over	Carl Butler and Pearl
performer	Through the video, attractive dancers are a mix of energy and sensual activities represented in several scenes in which Don Omar performs ``Sexy Robótica'', the music video was released on Don Omar official Universal Music website on July 10.	Sexy Robótica	Don Omar
performer	``Your Life's on the Line'' is a song by rapper 50 Cent, from his shelved debut studio album Power of the Dollar (2000).	Life's on the Line	50 Cent
performer	``Little Miss Disaster'' is a song by punk rock veterans The Damned.	Little Miss Disaster	The Damned
performer	``Mademoiselle Juliette'' (English: ``miss Juliet'') is a song by French singer Alizée, which was released as the first single from her third studio album Psychédélices,.	Mademoiselle Juliette	Alizée
performer	``Little Lamb Dragonfly'' is a song credited to Paul and Linda McCartney and originally released on the Wings 1973 album Red Rose Speedway.	Little Lamb Dragonfly	Wings
performer	In a Quiet Room II is the twelfth album released by country music artist Dan Seals and his only album on the TDC label.	In a Quiet Room II	Dan Seals
performer	Aloha, Manitoba is Luke Doucet's debut solo album.	Aloha, Manitoba	Luke Doucet
performer	The Obvious Identity is the debut album by English rock group Cardiacs (although it was released under the group's earlier name of 'Cardiac Arrest').	The Obvious Identity	Cardiacs
performer	Nil Kıyısında (English: Inshore the Nile) is Turkish pop music singer Nil Karaibrahimgil's fourth studio album, released in 2009.	Nil Kıyısında	Nil Karaibrahimgil
performer	American Music Club reformed in 2003 to considerable critical acclaim, and recorded Love Songs for Patriots in San Francisco in spare time between day jobs and other commitments.	Love Songs for Patriots	American Music Club
performer	``Proud Mary'' is a rock song written by John Fogerty and first recorded by his band Creedence Clearwater Revival.	Proud Mary	Creedence Clearwater Revival
performer	Solaris Acoustic is an acoustic album by English pop rock band Elliot Minor.	Solaris Acoustic	Elliot Minor
performer	``Underneath It All'' is a song written by Gwen Stefani and Dave Stewart for No Doubt's fourth album Rock Steady (2001).	Underneath It All	No Doubt
performer	``Shaddap You Face'' is a song written and performed by Joe Dolce (known at the time as the Joe Dolce Music Theatre) in 1980 about a fictitious rebellious Italian boy.	Shaddap You Face	Joe Dolce
performer	``Twenty-Five Miles'' is a song written by Johnny Bristol, Harvey Fuqua, and Edwin Starr for Starr's second album, 25 Miles (1969).	Twenty-Five Miles	Edwin Starr
performer	Of Rivers and Religion is an album by American folk musician John Fahey, released in 1972.	Of Rivers and Religion	John Fahey
performer	Come Home to Mama is the third studio album by singer-songwriter Martha Wainwright, released on October 15, 2012.	Come Home to Mama	Martha Wainwright
performer	``Nite and Day'' is a 1988 single by Al B. Sure! from the Warner Bros. album In Effect Mode.	Nite and Day	Al B. Sure
performer	Once Upon a Time in Amedica is the fourth album released by rapper, Young Bleed.	Once Upon a Time in Amedica	Young Bleed
performer	Welcome Joy is the second full-length album from Seattle indie folk group The Cave Singers.	Welcome Joy	The Cave Singers
performer	Cheap Pop for the Elite (Greek: Φτηνή ποπ για την ελίτ) is the second ``proper'' Kore. Ydro.	Cheap Pop for the Elite	Kore. Ydro
performer	What Will We Be is Devendra Banhart's seventh studio album released on October 27, 2009, on Warner Bros. Records.	What Will We Be	Devendra Banhart
performer	That's the Way a Cowboy Rocks and Rolls is the fifth studio album by American country music artist, Jessi Colter.	That's the Way a Cowboy Rocks and Rolls	Jessi Colter
performer	Back East is a 2007 album by jazz saxophonist Joshua Redman.	Back East	Joshua Redman
performer	For Future Reference is the only studio album to be released by the British synthpop band Dramatis.	For Future Reference	Dramatis
performer	Desert Marauders is an album by American jazz pianist Art Lande and the band Rubisa Patrol recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.	Desert Marauders	Art Lande
performer	Packs a Wallop!, released in 2010, is the third music album by That 1 Guy.	Packs a Wallop!	That 1 Guy
performer	``Right Time of the Night'' is the title of a 1976 composition by Peter McCann which became a Top Ten hit single in 1977 via a recording by Jennifer Warnes.	Right Time of the Night	Jennifer Warnes
performer	``Weak and Powerless'' is the first single by the alternative rock band A Perfect Circle, from their second album, Thirteenth Step, and is also their highest charting single to date, reaching #1 on both the Mainstream Rock Tracks and Modern Rock Tracks.	Weak and Powerless	A Perfect Circle
performer	Lifea Blinec is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams which was released on the Arista Novus label in 1978 and features performances by Abrams, Joseph Jarman, Douglas Ewart, Amina Claudine Myers and Thurman Barker.	Lifea Blinec	Muhal Richard Abrams
performer	Methodrone is the debut studio album by American psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre, released in 1995 by record label Bomp!.	Methodrone	The Brian Jonestown Massacre
performer	Shit-Hot is an album by L'amourder, a pseudonym for Sielun Veljet.	Shit-Hot	Sielun Veljet
performer	Persian Percussion Electrified is the third studio album by Ramin Rahimi, drummer for the power metal act Angband.	Persian Percussion Electrified	Ramin Rahimi
performer	Stand and Fight is the third album by British band Northern Uproar, and the first after their reunion in 2005.	Stand and Fight	Northern Uproar
performer	Love Is What Stays is a 2007 studio album by Mark Murphy, arranged by Nan Schwartz and Till Brönner.	Love Is What Stays	Mark Murphy
performer	``This Is an Emergency'' is the first single from The Pigeon Detectives second album Emergency.	This Is an Emergency	The Pigeon Detectives
performer	``Inu to Tsuki'' is Bonnie Pink's eleventh single and fourth released in support of the album Evil & Flowers.	Inu to Tsuki	Bonnie Pink
performer	Bird Head Son is a 2009 album by poet Anthony Joseph & The Spasm Band.	Bird Head Son	Anthony Joseph
performer	Etarlis is the second full-length studio album by the British progressive rock band Mermaid Kiss.	Etarlis	Mermaid Kiss
performer	Yo Soy La Reina is an album by Puerto Rican merenguero Ashley, literally meaning ``I am the Queen'' in Spanish.	Yo Soy La Reina	Ashley
performer	Imaginos is the eleventh studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult (commonly shortened as BÖC).	Imaginos	Blue Öyster Cult
performer	Maximum II is Japanese dance unit, MAX's second album.	Maximum II	MAX
performer	``That's the Way I've Always Heard It Should Be'' is a 1971 song performed by Carly Simon.	That's the Way I've Always Heard It Should Be	Carly Simon
performer	Don Camillo was played by French actor Fernandel, Peppone by the Italian actor Gino Cervi, quite a Guareschi-lookalike, both tall and bulky with big mustaches.	Don Camillo	Fernandel
performer	OK Man is Singaporean Mandopop artist Wong JingLun's second Mandarin studio album.	OK Man	Wong JingLun
performer	``Summer of '69'' is a song recorded by Canadian recording artist Bryan Adams, from his fourth studio album, Reckless (1984).	Summer of '69	Bryan Adams
performer	The Warner Bros. Studio Albums is a box set of five vinyl LPs by the rock group the Grateful Dead.	The Warner Bros. Studio Albums	Grateful Dead
performer	Passage to the Other Side is the 4th studio album by Seven Witches; it's the first album with James Rivera singing, and the album also features bassist Joey Vera from Armored Saint.	Passage to the Other Side	Seven Witches
performer	``New Fool at an Old Game'' is a song first recorded by Canadian country music artist Michelle Wright.	New Fool at an Old Game	Michelle Wright
performer	Jouhou is the second studio album by grindcore band Discordance Axis, released in 1997 as a vinyl LP in a limited pressing by Devour Records.	Jouhou	Discordance Axis
performer	``Flip Reverse'' is a song by ten-piece hip-hop group Blazin' Squad, released as the second single from their second studio album, Now or Never.	Flip Reverse	Blazin' Squad
performer	``Club at the End of the Street'' is an up-beat song performed by Elton John and written by Bernie Taupin.	Club at the End of the Street	Elton John
performer	Cuando los Ángeles Lloran (English: When the Angels Cry) is the eighth album and fourth studio album by the Latin American Mexican rock band Maná.	Cuando los Ángeles Lloran	Maná
performer	Listennn... the Album is the debut album by mixtape DJ and Terror Squad member DJ Khaled.	Listennn... the Album	DJ Khaled
performer	``Party on Fifth Ave.'' is a song by American hip hop artist Mac Miller, and the second single from his debut album Blue Slide Park.	Party on Fifth Ave.	Mac Miller
performer	Scenes from Hell is the eighth full-length studio album by the Japanese extreme metal band Sigh.	Scenes from Hell	Sigh
performer	We're All Doomed is an album by Boston crust punk band Toxic Narcotic.	We're All Doomed	Toxic Narcotic
performer	Radio Salone is the third album from the vivacious Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars.	Radio Salone	Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars
performer	Tempo of the Damned is the sixth studio album by thrash metal band Exodus.	Tempo of the Damned	Exodus
performer	My Brother the Cow is the fourth album by the American grunge band Mudhoney.	My Brother the Cow	Mudhoney
performer	A Bridge I Didn't Burn is the sixth studio (eighth overall) album by Country music artist Ricky Van Shelton.	A Bridge I Didn't Burn	Ricky Van Shelton
performer	Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal musician Michael Angelo Batio.	Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity	Michael Angelo Batio
performer	``Ass Back Home'' (edited version titled as ``Get Yourself Back Home'') is a song by American group Gym Class Heroes featuring British singer/songwriter Neon Hitch.	Ass Back Home	Gym Class Heroes	Neon Hitch
performer	``Odelo'' is the third single by Serbian new wave band Električni Orgazam and the second single from the Lišće prekriva Lisabon album.	Odelo	Električni Orgazam
performer	End of Disclosure is the twelfth studio album by the Swedish death metal band Hypocrisy.	End of Disclosure	Hypocrisy
performer	Peepin' in My Window is the fourth studio album of Houston rapper Lil' Keke.	Peepin' in My Window	Lil' Keke
performer	A Beard of Stars is the fourth studio album by English psychedelic folk band Tyrannosaurus Rex, and their last before changing their name to T. Rex.	A Beard of Stars	T. Rex
performer	Full Collapse is the second album by American post-hardcore band Thursday.	Full Collapse	Thursday
performer	Harder Than Easy is singer-songwriter Jack Savoretti's second studio album, due for release on 15 September 2009 in the USA as a download only album by De Angelis Records.	Harder Than Easy	Jack Savoretti
performer	``Who You Love'' is a song written and performed by John Mayer and Katy Perry for Mayer's sixth studio album, Paradise Valley (2013).	Who You Love	John Mayer	Katy Perry
performer	``Everybody's Free (To Feel Good)'' is a song by Zambian-born Zimbabwean singer Rozalla.	Everybody's Free (To Feel Good)	Rozalla
performer	``A Christmas Duel'' is a special Christmas duet recorded by the Swedish rock band The Hives and American singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper.	A Christmas Duel	The Hives	Cyndi Lauper
performer	Here Come the Bombs is the debut solo album of former Supergrass front man Gaz Coombes, who performed all of the instruments on the album.	Here Come the Bombs	Gaz Coombes
performer	Tabula Rasā is a collaborative album by American banjoist Béla Fleck together with Vishwa Mohan Bhatt (playing traditional Indian slide guitar ``Mohan veena'') and Jie-Bing Chen, who plays the traditional Chinese two-string fiddle ``Erhu''.	Tabula Rasā	Béla Fleck	Vishwa Mohan Bhatt
performer	Chasing Mississippi is the second studio album released by singer-songwriter Dave Barnes.	Chasing Mississippi	Dave Barnes
performer	Lo Pasado, Pasado (The past, is past) is the title of the studio album released by Mexican singer José José in 1978.	Lo Pasado, Pasado	José José
performer	One Reality is the second album by American metalcore band, Texas in July.	One Reality	Texas in July
performer	``Sheila Ki Jawani'' (English: literally Sheila's youth, or by commonly understood implication, Sheila's youthful body) is a song sung by Sunidhi Chauhan and Vishal Dadlani featuring Katrina Kaif along with Akshay Kumar in the 2010 Bollywood movie Tees Maar Khan.	Sheila Ki Jawani	Sunidhi Chauhan
performer	Metal Revolution is the second full-length album by the German speed metal band Living Death.	Metal Revolution	Living Death
performer	Running in the Family is the seventh studio album by UK pop band Level 42, released in 1987.	Running in the Family	Level 42
performer	Wide-Eyed and Ignorant is the fourth album from Irish rock band A House.	Wide-Eyed and Ignorant	A House
performer	I, Too, Have Seen the Woods is the sixth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts.	I, Too, Have Seen the Woods	Kid Creole and the Coconuts
performer	``That's Me'', originally ``Coachman's Farm'', is a song recorded by the Swedish pop group ABBA in 1976.	That's Me	ABBA
performer	Love Exercise (Chinese: 愛的練習語) is the first cover album and the third book of Taiwanese female singer Jolin Tsai (Chinese: 蔡依林).	Love Exercise	Jolin Tsai
performer	``Jah Live'' is a song by Bob Marley & The Wailers, released as a single in 1975.	Jah Live	The Wailers
performer	``Deep River Woman'' is a single written by American artist Lionel Richie and recorded by Richie with American country music group Alabama.	Deep River Woman	Lionel Richie	Alabama
performer	Son of Evil Reindeer is the second studio album by Scottish indie rock supergroup The Reindeer Section, released on 13 August 2002.	Son of Evil Reindeer	The Reindeer Section
performer	Four Compositions (Solo, Duo & Trio) 1982/1988 is an album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in 1982 and 1988 and released on the hatART label in 1989.	Four Compositions (Solo, Duo & Trio) 1982/1988	Anthony Braxton
performer	``How Long's a Tear Take to Dry?'' is a single by British pop group The Beautiful South from their album ``Quench''.	How Long's a Tear Take to Dry?	The Beautiful South
performer	Rhythm & Drums is the first studio album by hard trance duo Cosmic Gate.	Rhythm & Drums	Cosmic Gate
performer	Super Group is an album by the female Japanese rock trio Shonen Knife.	Super Group	Shonen Knife
performer	The Wall of Sacrifice (spelled as Thè Wäll Öf Säcrificè on vinyl cover) is an experimental, dark folk album by Death in June.	The Wall of Sacrifice	Death in June
performer	To Cure the Sane with Insanity is the first studio release by brutal death metal band Deathbound.	To Cure the Sane with Insanity	Deathbound
performer	Honky Tonk Heroes is a country music album by Waylon Jennings, released in 1973 on RCA Victor.	Honky Tonk Heroes	Waylon Jennings
performer	Fare Thee Well Love is the second studio album by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family.	Fare Thee Well Love	The Rankin Family
performer	The Beach Boys recorded their version on September 23, 1965, five days after actress and model Barbara Anne Feldon made her first television appearance on Get Smart.	Barbara Ann	The Beach Boys
performer	``J'ai besoin d'amour'' (``I Need Love'') is the name of a 2002 song recorded by the French singer Lorie.	J'ai besoin d'amour	Lorie
performer	Mal/2 is the second album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.	Mal/2	Mal Waldron
performer	Weather and Water is a 2005 studio album by the Austin, Texas progressive bluegrass band The Greencards.	Weather and Water	The Greencards
performer	``Red Skies'' is a song by new wave rock group The Fixx.	Red Skies	The Fixx
performer	A Hot Piece of Grass is the fifth album by American band Hayseed Dixie, released in 2005 (see 2005 in music).	A Hot Piece of Grass	Hayseed Dixie
performer	Love Uprising is the ninth album by American soul/R&B group Tavares, produced by Benjamin Wright and released in 1980 on the Capitol label.	Love Uprising	Tavares
performer	``Taken for a Fool'' is a song by American rock-band The Strokes, mostly written by guitarist Nick Valensi.	Taken for a Fool	The Strokes
performer	Polepione dźwięki is the first solo album by rapper and alternative artist Fisz.	Polepione dźwięki	Fisz
performer	Ça Va (French for ``okay'', literally ``that goes''; pronunciation: /sɑː/ /vɑː/) is an album by German/British avant-pop group Slapp Happy, recorded in London in 1997.	Ça Va	Slapp Happy
performer	Back to Bedlam is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter James Blunt.	Back to Bedlam	James Blunt
performer	Spirit of the Wild is the eleventh studio album of American hard rock musician Ted Nugent and his only studio album to be released in the 1990s.	Spirit of the Wild	Ted Nugent
performer	Tilefonise mou (Greek: Τηλεφώνησέ Μου; English: Call me) is the 21st studio album by Greek singer Vasilis Karras.	Tilefonise mou	Vasilis Karras
performer	Homemade Worship by Handmade People is the second studio album released by the Christian experimental, folk rock, worship band Rend Collective Experiment on 10 January 2012, and the album was released and published under the Kingsway Music label.	Homemade Worship by Handmade People	Rend Collective Experiment
performer	Soloflight is the 1978 double album by the pioneer British folk musician Wizz Jones.	Soloflight	Wizz Jones
performer	1000 Fires is the debut studio album by American singer and actress Traci Lords, released on February 28, 1995, by Radioactive Records.	1000 Fires	Traci Lords
performer	Sherlock Hemlock was performed by Jerry Nelson.	Sherlock Hemlock	Jerry Nelson
performer	The Massive Crush is the fifth album by the South Korean thrash metal band Crash, released in 2003.	The Massive Crush	Crash
performer	``Swim Good'' is a song by American recording artist Frank Ocean, released as the second single from his mixtape Nostalgia, Ultra (2011).	Swim Good	Frank Ocean
performer	Tomorrow Come Today is the third full length album by Delaware band Boysetsfire, released in 2003.	Tomorrow Come Today	Boysetsfire
performer	Extranjero was a 1990 album by Franco De Vita released on the CBS Records label.	Extranjero	Franco De Vita
performer	Halfway to Sanity is the tenth studio album by American punk band the Ramones.	Halfway to Sanity	Ramones
performer	2 Guitars is an album by guitarists Kenny Burrell and Jimmy Raney recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.	2 Guitars	Kenny Burrell
performer	``Paso (The Nini Anthem)'' is a song by Spanish disc jockey and producer Sak Noel.	Paso (The Nini Anthem)	Sak Noel
performer	``Christmas in Jamaica'' is the second and final single from Toni Braxton's Christmas album, Snowflakes (2001).	Christmas in Jamaica	Toni Braxton
performer	The Concept is the third album by the American funk band Slave, released in 1978.	The Concept	Slave
performer	``Mon amie la rose'' is a poem written by Cécile Caulier and Jacques Lacome, originally performed in song by French singer Françoise Hardy in 1964.	Mon amie la rose	Françoise Hardy
performer	``Te Amo Tanto'' (English: I Love You So Much) is the official second and final single from Flex second studio album La Evolución Romantic Style.	Te Amo Tanto	Flex
performer	Avant Pop is the fourth album by Lester Bowie recorded for ECM and the second album by his ``Brass Fantasy'' group.	Avant Pop	Lester Bowie
performer	Road Salt Two is the eighth studio album by Swedish band Pain of Salvation, released on 26 September 2011, by InsideOut.	Road Salt Two	Pain of Salvation
performer	``I Could Never Miss You (More Than I Do)'' was the fourth and final US Top 40 hit for Lulu.	I Could Never Miss You (More Than I Do)	Lulu
performer	The Rape of El Morro is an album by American arranger/conductor and composer Don Sebesky featuring performances recorded in 1975 and released on the CTI label.	The Rape of El Morro	Don Sebesky
performer	World of Echo is the only full length non-collaborative studio album recorded, released and compiled by Arthur Russell during his lifetime.	World of Echo	Arthur Russell
performer	Diverse Systems of Throb is the fourth full-length studio album by electronic music artist Bassnectar, released January 1, 2004 on Amorphous Music.	Diverse Systems of Throb	Bassnectar
performer	Hot Fives & Sevens is a 2000 box set collection of recordings made by American jazz trumpeter and singer Louis Armstrong with his Hot Five, Hot Seven, and other groups between 1925 and 1930.	Hot Fives & Sevens	Louis Armstrong
performer	Groovemasters is an album by guitarists Preston Reed and Laurence Juber, released in 1999.	Groovemasters	Preston Reed
performer	Witchqueen of Eldorado is a song from the Modern Talking tenth album, America, from 2001.	Witchqueen of Eldorado	Modern Talking
performer	Ghetto Warfare is a compilation album by the rap duo M.O.P..	Ghetto Warfare	M.O.P.
performer	Excava-11 is a 2004 album by Spartan Fidelity, and was produced by Excavation Records.	Excava-11	Spartan Fidelity
performer	3-Way Tie (For Last) is the fourth and final full-length album recorded by the American punk band Minutemen.	3-Way Tie (For Last)	Minutemen
performer	``When I Start To (Break It All Down)'' is a single by English synthpop duo Erasure, released as the lead single from their 2011 album Tomorrow's World.	When I Start To (Break It All Down)	Erasure
performer	``Love → Building on Fire'' (also known as ``Love Goes to Building on Fire'') is a song by rock band Talking Heads, released as a single in 1977.	Love → Building on Fire	Talking Heads
performer	``Halleluhwah'' is a song by the krautrock band Can, on their 1971 album Tago Mago.	Halleluhwah	Can
performer	The Whirlwind is the third studio album by the band Transatlantic, released on 23 October 2009.	The Whirlwind	Transatlantic
performer	``Don't Think I'm Not'' is the debut solo single from American R&B singer Kandi Burruss from her debut album Hey Kandi....	Don't Think I'm Not	Kandi Burruss
performer	Light the Horizon is the fourth LP by Canadian reggae / ska band Bedouin Soundclash.	Light the Horizon	Bedouin Soundclash
performer	Dans ma bulle is a 2006 album recorded by the French artist Diam's.	Dans ma bulle	Diam
performer	Fistful of Metal is the debut studio album by American thrash metal band Anthrax, released in January 1984 by Megaforce Records in the US and Music for Nations internationally.	Fistful of Metal	Anthrax
performer	``Mitt hjärta blöder'' is a single by Swedish singer Veronica Maggio, from her third Studio album Satan i gatan.	Mitt hjärta blöder	Veronica Maggio
performer	Acoustic at Olympic Studios is an acoustic album by New York-based shoegazing band Asobi Seksu.	Acoustic at Olympic Studios	Asobi Seksu
performer	Wallpaper Music is the fourth studio album by the Nashville-based band Cheap Time.	Wallpaper Music	Cheap Time
performer	Slowly Going the Way of the Buffalo is the fourth studio album released by the American skate punk/punk rock band MxPx in 1998.	Slowly Going the Way of the Buffalo	MxPx
performer	``Les Rois du monde'' is a 2000 song performed by Philippe d'Avilla, Damien Sargue and Grégori Baquet.	Les Rois du monde	Damien Sargue
performer	``Wear Your Love Like Heaven'' is a song and US single by British singer/songwriter Donovan, released in 1967.	Wear Your Love Like Heaven	Donovan
performer	My Radio Sure Sounds Good to Me is sixth album by Larry Graham & Graham Central Station.	My Radio Sure Sounds Good to Me	Larry Graham
performer	``Ängeln i rummet'' (Swedish for ``Angel in the Room'') is a single released by Swedish singer Eva Dahlgren from the 1989 album Fria Världen 1.989 released through BMG and Big Mama Music.	Ängeln i rummet	Eva Dahlgren
performer	``Take Me to the River'' is a 1974 song written by singer Al Green and guitarist Mabon ``Teenie'' Hodges.	Take Me to the River	Al Green
performer	``Wrap Me Up'' is a song recorded by Italian dance act Alex Party with vocals by Shanie Campbell.	Wrap Me Up	Alex Party
performer	Eddie's Archive is a box set by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 4 November 2002.	Eddie's Archive	Iron Maiden
performer	Labyrinthes is the third studio album by Malajube, a Quebec indie rock band.	Labyrinthes	Malajube
performer	``Come On Eileen'' is a song by English group Dexys Midnight Runners (credited to Dexys Midnight Runners and the Emerald Express), released in the UK on 25 June 1982 as a single from their album Too-Rye-Ay.	Come On Eileen	Dexys Midnight Runners
performer	Starbound Beast is the second album by Highland Park, California heavy metal band Huntress.	Starbound Beast	Huntress
performer	``More 'N' More (I Love You)'' is Haiducii's fourth single, released in Italy in December 2005.	More 'N' More (I Love You)	Haiducii
performer	Crap Attack is compilation album by American rock band We Are Scientists, released on November 6, 2006 in the UK.	Crap Attack	We Are Scientists
performer	``Glory Box'' is a single by English musical group Portishead, released in 1995.	Glory Box	Portishead
performer	Fiori di polvere is the first album from Italian pop band E.V.A. produced by Andrea Piraz.	Fiori di polvere	E.V.A.
performer	Waterloo to Anywhere is the debut album by English indie rock band Dirty Pretty Things, fronted by then former Libertine Carl Barât.	Waterloo to Anywhere	Dirty Pretty Things
performer	``Girls in Their Summer Clothes'' is a song by American recording artist Bruce Springsteen, from his album Magic.	Girls in Their Summer Clothes	Bruce Springsteen
performer	Party Store is the fifth studio album by American garage rock band The Dirtbombs, released on February 1, 2011.	Party Store	The Dirtbombs
performer	Too Tough to Die is the eighth studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones.	Too Tough to Die	Ramones
performer	Scott 4 is Scott Walker's fifth solo album (a collection of songs he had performed for his BBC television series had been his fourth).	Scott 4	Scott Walker
performer	Tell It the Way It Is! is an album recorded in 1963 (see 1963 in music) by Paul Gonsalves.	Tell It the Way It Is!	Paul Gonsalves
performer	Yellow Banana (Chinese: 黄色香蕉; pinyin: huángsè xiāngjiāo) is the first studio album from Hang on the Box.	Yellow Banana	Hang on the Box
performer	Grantstand is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1961 and released on the Blue Note label in 1962.	Grantstand	Grant Green
performer	Sleep/Holiday is the last album by Gorky's Zygotic Mynci, released in 2003.	Sleep/Holiday	Gorky's Zygotic Mynci
performer	Rock and Roll Over is the fifth studio album by American rock band Kiss, released in 1976.	Rock and Roll Over	Kiss
performer	``Ode to My Family'' is a 1994 song recorded by the Irish band The Cranberries.	Ode to My Family	The Cranberries
performer	The Night Is Ours is the fourth studio album by Australian rock band Youth Group, released in Australia in June 2008 and in the US in April 2009.	The Night Is Ours	Youth Group
performer	Ifyoubelievein is the first solo album by Bryan MacLean, who was previously known as the second songwriter in the original lineup of the Los Angeles folk rock band Love.	Ifyoubelievein	Bryan MacLean
performer	``Fairytale Gone Bad'' is a song by rock quintet Sunrise Avenue, which reached number one in several countries, and as a result, is one of the band's best-known songs.	Fairytale Gone Bad	Sunrise Avenue
performer	Avaimet mun kulmille is the debut studio album by Finnish rapper Cheek.	Avaimet mun kulmille	Cheek
performer	Sine Missione (Latin: Without mercy) is the first album by Dutch Pagan folk band Omnia, recorded in 1999 and released in 2000.	Sine Missione	Omnia
performer	Hair in My Eyes Like a Highland Steer is the fourth album by Corb Lund and the Hurtin' Albertans, released in 2005.	Hair in My Eyes Like a Highland Steer	Corb Lund and the Hurtin' Albertans
performer	Delicious Surprise is the fourth album by American country music artist Jo Dee Messina, released in 2005.	Delicious Surprise	Jo Dee Messina
performer	I Choose Noise is the third studio album by British progressive breakbeat band Hybrid, as well as an EP by the same.	I Choose Noise	Hybrid
performer	The Spotlight Kid is the sixth album by Captain Beefheart (Don Van Vliet) and the Magic Band, originally released in 1972.	The Spotlight Kid	Captain Beefheart
performer	1st Bassman is an album by jazz bassist Paul Chambers, recorded at Bell Sound Studios, NYC, May 12, 1960.	1st Bassman	Paul Chambers
performer	``Separate Lives'' is a 1985 song recorded by Phil Collins and Marilyn Martin and featured on the soundtrack to the motion picture White Nights.	Separate Lives	Phil Collins	Marilyn Martin
performer	``Wired Life'' is the fifth single by Japanese recording artist Meisa Kuroki.	Wired Life	Meisa Kuroki
performer	The Kylie Collection is the first compilation album released by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue.	The Kylie Collection	Kylie Minogue
performer	``B with Me'' is a song by British R&B/UK garage girl group Mis-Teeq.	B with Me	Mis-Teeq
performer	``Dear Snow'' is the 33rd single by the Japanese boy band Arashi.	Dear Snow	Arashi
performer	``It's On Again'' is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys, featuring American rapper Kendrick Lamar.	It's On Again	Alicia Keys
performer	``Funkin' for Jamaica (N.Y.)'' is a 1980 single by jazz trumpeter Tom Browne.	Funkin' for Jamaica (N.Y.)	Tom Browne
performer	``Don't Dream It's Over'' is a song by the Australian rock band Crowded House, recorded for their 1986 self-titled debut studio album.	Don't Dream It's Over	Crowded House
performer	White Teeth, Black Thoughts is the sixth studio album by American band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies, released on July 16, 2013 on Space Age Bachelor Pad Records.	White Teeth, Black Thoughts	Cherry Poppin' Daddies
performer	``She Don't Want Nobody Near'' is a single by the American rock band Counting Crows from their greatest hits album, Films About Ghosts (The Best Of...).	She Don't Want Nobody Near	Counting Crows
performer	Sträck ut din hand (``Stretch Out Your Hand'') is a 1995 album by Lasse Berghagen.	Sträck ut din hand	Lasse Berghagen
performer	When I Come of Age is the unreleased debut album by Shaheen Jafargholi, recorded in 2010.	When I Come of Age	Shaheen Jafargholi
performer	Something Burning is the sixth album by heavy metal band Vicious Rumors, released in 1996.	Something Burning	Vicious Rumors
performer	Krimson Creek is the second studio album and third solo release overall by Boondox.	Krimson Creek	Boondox
performer	Y'All Get Scared Now, Ya Hear! is the debut album by the Scottish indie rock supergroup The Reindeer Section, released on 30 October 2001.	Y'All Get Scared Now, Ya Hear!	The Reindeer Section
performer	I'll Catch the Sun! is a jazz album by alto saxophonist Sonny Criss, recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.	I'll Catch the Sun!	Sonny Criss
performer	El Baile Alemán (English: The German Dance) is a 2000 album by Señor Coconut Y Su Conjunto (Uwe Schmidt).	El Baile Alemán	Uwe Schmidt
performer	``I Fall to Pieces'' is a single released by Patsy Cline in 1961, and was featured on her 1961 studio album, Patsy Cline Showcase.	I Fall to Pieces	Patsy Cline
performer	``So Lonely'' is a song by English rock band The Police, released as the third and final single in November 1978 from their debut studio album Outlandos d'Amour (1978), and again in February 1980 as a re-release.	So Lonely	The Police
performer	``Like Light to the Flies'' (or ``Like Light'', as it is often referred to) is a song by heavy metal band Trivium and is the first single and music video from their 2005 album, Ascendancy.	Like Light to the Flies	Trivium
performer	Dream into Action is the second multi-million selling studio album by British pop musician Howard Jones.	Dream into Action	Howard Jones
performer	Bocanada (Puff) is the second solo album by Argentine rock musician Gustavo Cerati, considered by critics and fans as a highlight in his career and one of his best albums.	Bocanada	Gustavo Cerati
performer	``Sweet Cherry Wine'' is a song by Tommy James and the Shondells from their 1969 album Cellophane Symphony.	Sweet Cherry Wine	Tommy James and the Shondells
performer	``Turn Up the Sound'' is the fifth release from Andain, marking the third and last promotional single prior to the duo's debut album, You Once Told Me.	Turn Up the Sound	Andain
performer	Concerto in True Minor is the debut studio release of the metal/classical combining project True Symphonic Rockestra.	Concerto in True Minor	True Symphonic Rockestra
performer	Skalleluia Too! is the fourth full-length album by the Christian ska band, The Insyderz.	Skalleluia Too!	The Insyderz
performer	F.O.A.D. (an initialism for Fuck Off And Die) is the 12th album by the Norwegian band Darkthrone.	F.O.A.D.	Darkthrone
performer	The Hoople is a 1974 album by British band Mott the Hoople.	The Hoople	Mott the Hoople
performer	Message from the Country is the fourth and last album by The Move, as well as its only album for EMI's Harvest.	Message from the Country	The Move
performer	``Whatcha Say'' is the debut single by American recording artist Jason Derulo and the first single released from his self-titled debut album.	Whatcha Say	Jason Derulo
performer	A Bit o' This & That is a rarities, b-sides, remixes, and covers album by Emilie Autumn that includes music from her early years.	A Bit o' This & That	Emilie Autumn
performer	Prime Cuts & Glazed Donuts is a collection of previously recorded demos released by manager Mark Dawson and Linda McDonald of the American all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue.	Prime Cuts & Glazed Donuts	Phantom Blue
performer	Audio Entertainment is the second and final studio album by rap duo, Tag Team.	Audio Entertainment	Tag Team
performer	``Hotter Than Fire'' is a song by Swedish singer Eric Saade and American singer Dev. It is the first single from Saade's third album, Saade Vol. 2, and was first released on 2 November 2011 in Sweden.	Hotter Than Fire	Eric Saade
performer	Hey, Do You Know Me is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist Lisa Brokop.	Hey, Do You Know Me	Lisa Brokop
performer	Kate Lockley is a fictional character created by Joss Whedon for the television series Angel, portrayed by Elisabeth Röhm.	Kate Lockley	Elisabeth Röhm
performer	Forgiveness Rock Record is the fourth studio album by Canadian indie rock musical collective Broken Social Scene, released by the Arts & Crafts record label on May 4, 2010.	Forgiveness Rock Record	Broken Social Scene
performer	``Hell No!'' is the debut single by Australian recording artist Ricki-Lee Coulter.	Hell No!	Ricki-Lee Coulter
performer	X My Heart is an album by Peter Hammill, originally released on Hammill's own Fie!	X My Heart	Peter Hammill
performer	``Have I the Right?'' was the début single and biggest hit of British band The Honeycombs.	Have I the Right?	The Honeycombs
performer	Silent Nights is a rock album released in 1985 by Rick Wakeman.	Silent Nights	Rick Wakeman
performer	``Late Goodbye'' is a song by the Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall that appeared in the 2003 video game Max Payne 2:	Late Goodbye	Poets of the Fall
performer	Sheep in KISS Make Up is a 2005 Kiss tribute album by Sack Trick.	Sheep in KISS Make Up	Sack Trick
performer	``I Can't Stand It'' was the first single from Eric Clapton's 1981 album Another Ticket.	I Can't Stand It	Eric Clapton
performer	Salmos e Cânticos Espirituais is the third studio album by Trazendo a Arca basead in psalms.	Salmos e Cânticos Espirituais	Trazendo a Arca
performer	``Rock Yo Hips'' is the first single of the hip hop/crunk group Crime Mob's second studio album, Hated on Mostly.	Rock Yo Hips	Crime Mob
performer	``Rise from the Ashes'' is the first single of the band Quietdrive.	Rise from the Ashes	Quietdrive
performer	Songs of the Heart is the twelfth studio album by Christian alternative rock band Daniel Amos, released on BAI Records in 1995.	Songs of the Heart	Daniel Amos
performer	Precious Junk is the debut single released by Japanese singer, Ken Hirai.	Precious Junk	Ken Hirai
performer	``Can't Forget About You'' is the second and final single from Nas' 2006 album Hip Hop Is Dead, released on January 23, 2007.	Can't Forget About You	Nas
performer	La Esquina del Infinito is a 2000 album released by the band La Renga.	La Esquina del Infinito	La Renga
performer	Heat Fetish is the fourth and final studio album released by American hardcore band The Bled.	Heat Fetish	The Bled
performer	``I Will Possess Your Heart'' is a song by American band Death Cab for Cutie, the lead single from their sixth studio album, Narrow Stairs, released on March 18, 2008 and was released to radio on March 24, 2008.	I Will Possess Your Heart	Death Cab for Cutie
performer	You Been Played is the second album by Smooth, who had previously released her debut album under the name MC Smooth.	You Been Played	Smooth
performer	Obsesiones is the 12th album by Mexican pop singer Yuri.	Obsesiones	Yuri
performer	Desire Walks On is the eleventh studio album by the American rock band Heart.	Desire Walks On	Heart
performer	``I Had a Love'' was the second single released by the band Blue Angel from their 1980 album, also titled Blue Angel.	I Had a Love	Blue Angel
performer	Enemy of the Sun is the fourth studio album from California-based post-metal band Neurosis.	Enemy of the Sun	Neurosis
performer	The Mirrors of My Soul is an album by the Palestinian artist Rim Banna, released in 2005.	The Mirrors of My Soul	Rim Banna
performer	Jekyll & Hyde en Español is the Spanish version of the album of the same name released by legendary Christian rock band Petra.	Jekyll & Hyde en Español	Petra
performer	For Your Own Special Sweetheart is the third album by Washington D.C. post-hardcore band, Jawbox.	For Your Own Special Sweetheart	Jawbox
performer	Whisper Supremacy is the third album by Canadian technical death metal band Cryptopsy.	Whisper Supremacy	Cryptopsy
performer	``Roman in Moscow'' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist and songwriter Nicki Minaj.	Roman in Moscow	Nicki Minaj
performer	``Diamond in the Back'' is a single released from the album Chicken-n-Beer by Ludacris.	Diamond in the Back	Ludacris
performer	Fix Your Face is the first DJ mix released by TRV$DJAM.	Fix Your Face	TRV$DJAM
performer	Soft and Sentimental is a 1955 album by Jo Stafford.	Soft and Sentimental	Jo Stafford
performer	``Baby by Me'' is the official first single by US rapper 50 Cent from his fourth album Before I Self Destruct.	Baby by Me	50 Cent
performer	Cobain's Diary is the fourth LP by Detroit rap artist King Gordy.	Cobain's Diary	King Gordy
performer	``What Does It Feel Like?'' is the second single from Felix da Housecat's album Kittenz and Thee Glitz that features French electronic/electroclash musician Miss Kittin and Melistar.	What Does It Feel Like?	Felix da Housecat	Miss Kittin
performer	Ravedeath, 1972 is the sixth studio album by Canadian electronic music musician Tim Hecker, released on February 14, 2011 by Kranky.	Ravedeath, 1972	Tim Hecker
performer	Dirty Money, Dirty Tricks is the second studio album by a Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers.	Dirty Money, Dirty Tricks	Acid Drinkers
performer	Amassakoul (``The Traveler'' in Tamashek) is a 2004 album by Tinariwen.	Amassakoul	Tinariwen
performer	Makin' Hay is the second studio album by Canadian country music group Farmer's Daughter, and was released in 1996 by Universal Music Canada.	Makin' Hay	Farmer's Daughter
performer	Open Heart Surgery was released on August 8, 2000 by rock band Virginwool.	Open Heart Surgery	Virginwool
performer	Cactus and a Rose is a 1980 honky tonk/Southern rock album by Country music singer Gary Stewart.	Cactus and a Rose	Gary Stewart
performer	Suburba is the fourth full-length album by the band House of Heroes.	Suburba	House of Heroes
performer	The Art of Virtue is the second CD by Nashville, Tennessee-based singer/songwriter Adrienne Young and her band, Little Sadie.	The Art of Virtue	Adrienne Young
performer	``Safe in New York City'' is a song by rock group AC/DC, from their 2000 album Stiff Upper Lip.	Safe in New York City	AC/DC
performer	In Light is the debut studio album by the American rock band Givers.	In Light	Givers
performer	Voli me, voli (English: Love Me, Love Me) is the fifth studio album by Yugoslav pop-folk singer Lepa Brena and her band Slatki Greh.	Voli me, voli	Lepa Brena
performer	This Is What Happens is an album by the New York band The Reign of Kindo.	This Is What Happens	The Reign of Kindo
performer	``What Ya Wanna Do'' is a 1989 single by Ice-T, from the album The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech...	What Ya Wanna Do	Ice-T
performer	Ocean Eyes, released on the iTunes Store on July 14, 2009, and in stores on September 1, 2009, is the second studio album by American electronica project Owl City.	Ocean Eyes	Owl City
performer	The Courage of Others is the third studio album by American folk rock band Midlake.	The Courage of Others	Midlake
performer	``Tragic Comic'' is the third and last single from Extreme's third studio album III Sides to Every Story.	Tragic Comic	Extreme
performer	``A Place for My Head'' is a song by Linkin Park, ninth track from their debut album Hybrid Theory.	A Place for My Head	Linkin Park
performer	Angel Song is a studio album by Canadian musician Kenny Wheeler, recorded in 1996 and released in 1997 on the ECM label as ECM 1607.	Angel Song	Kenny Wheeler
performer	Ha'Or m'Zion (Hebrew: האור מציון‎ - The Light From Zion) is the debut album by an Israeli hip-hop artist Subliminal.	Ha'Or m'Zion	Subliminal
performer	A Show of Hands is a live album by the Canadian rock band Rush, released in 1989.	A Show of Hands	Rush
performer	My Island is the tenth full-length album by Starflyer 59.	My Island	Starflyer 59
performer	``Russian Radio'' is a song by the American synthpop band Red Flag.	Russian Radio	Red Flag
performer	Requia (subtitled and other compositions for guitar solo) is the eighth album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey.	Requia	John Fahey
performer	Hello Master is the debut studio album by Canadian hard rock band Priestess.	Hello Master	Priestess
performer	King of Rock is the second studio album by hip hop trio Run-- D.M.C..	King of Rock	Run-- D.M.C.
performer	``Tout l'or des hommes'' (meaning ``All the Men's Gold'') is the first hit single from Celine Dion's album 1 fille & 4 types.	Tout l'or des hommes	Celine Dion
performer	Train Above the City is the ninth and penultimate album by English alternative rock band Felt, released in 1988.	Train Above the City	Felt
performer	Join Hands is the second studio album by English post-punk band Siouxsie and the Banshees, released in September 1979 by record label Polydor.	Join Hands	Siouxsie and the Banshees
performer	Pistolbuttsa'twinkle is the second album by Australian rock band Tlot Tlot.	Pistolbuttsa'twinkle	Tlot Tlot
performer	A Big 10-8 Place is Negativland's 3rd album, which is a concept album released in 1983.	A Big 10-8 Place	Negativland
performer	Lauren Reed is a fictional character played by Melissa George in the Alias television series.	Lauren Reed	Melissa George
performer	Washington Square Serenade is the 12th studio album by alternative country singer Steve Earle, released in 2007.	Washington Square Serenade	Steve Earle
performer	Back Down to One is the debut solo album by Jani Lane, former lead vocalist of the American Hard rock band Warrant.	Back Down to One	Jani Lane
performer	Going on Record is a self-released album by the American vocalist, pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 1983.	Going on Record	Oleta Adams
performer	230596 was one of the first releases by Exhaust before they signed themselves to Constellation.	230596	Exhaust
performer	``Pop Ya Collar'' is a single by American recording artist Usher, written by himself, Kevin ``Shekspere'' Briggs and Kandi Burruss while being produced by the former.	Pop Ya Collar	Usher
performer	Real to Real Cacophony (sometimes incorrectly rendered as Reel to Real Cacophony) is the second studio album by Scottish post-punk band Simple Minds.	Real to Real Cacophony	Simple Minds
performer	Black Paladins is an album by American jazz saxophonist Joseph Jarman and percussionist Don Moye featuring Johnny Dyani recorded in 1979 for the Italian Black Saint label.	Black Paladins	Joseph Jarman
performer	``Ms. Vanity'' is the debut single by former Australian Idol contestant Rob Mills.	Ms. Vanity	Rob Mills
performer	``Old Siam, Sir'' is a hard rock single from Wings' 1979 album, Back to the Egg.	Old Siam, Sir	Wings
performer	``Pictures in the Mirror'' is the first single off The Living End's second album Roll On, reaching number 18 on the ARIA Singles Chart.	Pictures in the Mirror	The Living End
performer	``Disco's Revenge'' is a song recorded by American house producer Gusto.	Disco's Revenge	Gusto
performer	``Feel Every Beat'' was the third single by the English band Electronic.	Feel Every Beat	Electronic
performer	Al Posto Del Fuoco is the fourth album of the Italian alternative rock band Meganoidi.	Al Posto Del Fuoco	Meganoidi
performer	The Fire in Our Throats Will Beckon the Thaw is the second full-length studio album by Chicago post-metal band Pelican.	The Fire in Our Throats Will Beckon the Thaw	Pelican
performer	``Terror Couple Kill Colonel'' is the third single released by British gothic rock band Bauhaus.	Terror Couple Kill Colonel	Bauhaus
performer	Spihumonesty is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams which was released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1979 and features performances by Abrams, George Lewis, Roscoe Mitchell, Amina Claudine Myers, Youseff Yancy and Leonard Jones with vocals by Jay Clayton.	Spihumonesty	Muhal Richard Abrams
performer	Live in London 2011 is a live album by Miyavi released on May 2, 2011.	Live in London 2011	Miyavi
performer	Warfare Machines is the last Deinonychus album made, after the band disbanded in September 2008.	Warfare Machines	Deinonychus
performer	``New Killer Star'' is a song written and performed by David Bowie in 2003 for his album Reality.	New Killer Star	David Bowie
performer	``In Those Jeans'' is the second single by American singer Ginuwine from his fourth studio album The Senior.	In Those Jeans	Ginuwine
performer	``Now and Forever (You and Me)'' is a hit song written by David Foster, Randy Goodrum and Jim Vallance and recorded by Canadian Country vocalist Anne Murray.	Now and Forever (You and Me)	Anne Murray
performer	``Fool (If You Think It's Over)'' is the title of a popular song from 1978 by the British singer-songwriter Chris Rea.	Fool (If You Think It's Over)	Chris Rea
performer	``This Could Be Heaven'' is a song Seal recorded in the year 2000 for his fourth album Togetherland.	This Could Be Heaven	Seal
performer	Reality Only Fantasized is the first full length album by American technical death metal band Capharnaum.	Reality Only Fantasized	Capharnaum
performer	Život je tamo (Serbian: Живот је тамо) is the 19th album by Serbian singer Baja Mali Knindža, released in 1999.	Život je tamo	Baja Mali Knindža
performer	``That Song'' is the second single by Big Wreck from the band's debut album, In Loving Memory Of....	That Song	Big Wreck
performer	``The Crude Oil Blues'' is a song written and recorded by American country artist Jerry Reed.	The Crude Oil Blues	Jerry Reed
performer	``White Summer'' is a guitar instrumental by English rock guitarist Jimmy Page, which incorporates Indian and Arabic musical influences.	White Summer	Jimmy Page
performer	``643 (Love's on Fire)'' is a single which appeared in DJ Tiësto first album, In My Memory titled as Flight 643 and was later adapted with vocals by Suzanne Palmer.	643 (Love's on Fire)	Tiësto
performer	``Turn Your Love Around'' is a vocal pop/R&B single by George Benson.	Turn Your Love Around	George Benson
performer	Road to Saint Ives is a solo album by the English saxophonist John Surman, recorded in 1990 and released on the ECM label.	Road to Saint Ives	John Surman
performer	Burning at Both Ends is the third studio album by American Pop punk band Set Your Goals, released on June 28, 2011.	Burning at Both Ends	Set Your Goals
performer	``Simple Kind of Life'' is a pop rock ballad written by Gwen Stefani for No Doubt's fourth album Return of Saturn (2000).	Simple Kind of Life	No Doubt
performer	``Cantaloop (Flip Fantasia)'' is a song by jazz-rap group Us3 from their 1993 album Hand on the Torch.	Cantaloop (Flip Fantasia)	Us3
performer	``Say My Name'' is a song by R&B American recording group Destiny's Child.	Say My Name	Destiny's Child
performer	``Proud to Fall'' is the first single released by Ian McCulloch from his debut solo album Candleland in 1989.	Proud to Fall	Ian McCulloch
performer	``4 Page Letter'' is a contemporary R&B song recorded by American singer Aaliyah.	4 Page Letter	Aaliyah
performer	``I Don't Need Your Rockin' Chair'' is a song written by Billy Yates, Frank Dycus and Kerry Kurt Phillips, and recorded by George Jones.	I Don't Need Your Rockin' Chair	George Jones
performer	Swallow Tales is a 1971 album by British country rock band Cochise.	Swallow Tales	Cochise
performer	``Te llevaré al cielo'' (English: I'll take you to the Sky) is the only single released from Maná's compilation album, Esenciales:	Te llevaré al cielo	Maná
performer	``Beauty Has Her Way'' is a song performed by the British band Mummy Calls from their self-titled debut album.	Beauty Has Her Way	Mummy Calls
performer	``Dixieland Delight'' is a song written by Ronnie Rogers, and recorded by American country music band Alabama.	Dixieland Delight	Alabama
performer	0141 632 6326 is the fourth album from Scottish rock band Gun.	0141 632 6326	Gun
performer	Schrei is the debut album by the German band Tokio Hotel.	Schrei	Tokio Hotel
performer	Music for a Big Night Out is the sixteenth studio album by German hard dance band Scooter.	Music for a Big Night Out	Scooter
performer	``Too Late for Goodbyes'' is the first single (second in the US) from Julian Lennon's 1984 album Valotte.	Too Late for Goodbyes	Julian Lennon
performer	Leva-me aos Fados (in English: Take Me To The Fados) is the fourth album by Portuguese fado singer Ana Moura, the successor to the multi-award winning ``Para Além da Saudade'' (2007).	Leva-me aos Fados	Ana Moura
performer	``Where Will I Be Now'' is a pop single by the Bay City Rollers from their 1978 album Strangers in the Wind.	Where Will I Be Now	Bay City Rollers
performer	Long Trip Alone is the third studio album of country music singer Dierks Bentley.	Long Trip Alone	Dierks Bentley
performer	Year of the Black Rainbow is the fifth studio album by rock band Coheed and Cambria, released on April 13, 2010 through Columbia.	Year of the Black Rainbow	Coheed and Cambria
performer	Fluctuadmission is the only demo by Frantic Bleep to give to music labels.	Fluctuadmission	Frantic Bleep
performer	Light as a Feather (1973) is the second studio album of fusion band Return to Forever, led by pianist Chick Corea.	Light as a Feather	Return to Forever
performer	Ray Ray is the second studio album by American recording artist Raphael Saadiq, released October 5, 2004, on his record label Pookie Entertainment.	Ray Ray	Raphael Saadiq
performer	``Angel from Montgomery'' is a country song written by John Prine, originally appearing on his self-titled 1971 album John Prine.	Angel from Montgomery	John Prine
performer	Dýrð í dauðaþögn is the debut album by the Icelandic singer-songwriter Ásgeir Trausti.	Dýrð í dauðaþögn	Ásgeir Trausti
performer	Reformation Post TLC is a studio album by The Fall - the band's 26th, released in the UK on February 12, 2007.	Reformation Post TLC	The Fall
performer	Pop Beloved is the fourth album released by The Reivers, in 1991.	Pop Beloved	The Reivers
performer	Land of Light is an album by the Scottish traditional folk band The Tannahill Weavers which was released in 1986.	Land of Light	The Tannahill Weavers
performer	Groovy, Laidback and Nasty is the ninth full-length studio album by electronic band Cabaret Voltaire, released in 1990 by Parlophone.	Groovy, Laidback and Nasty	Cabaret Voltaire
performer	``Digging in the Dirt'' is a 1992 song by British musician Peter Gabriel.	Digging in the Dirt	Peter Gabriel
performer	Amarillo Ramp (For Robert Smithson) is a studio album by Sonic Youth's Lee Ranaldo.	Amarillo Ramp (For Robert Smithson)	Lee Ranaldo
performer	``My Shadow'' is a song by British singer-songwriter Jessie J, from re-release her debut studio album Who You Are.	My Shadow	Jessie J
performer	Riot Girl is the debut studio album from J-pop star and voice actress Aya Hirano.	Riot Girl	Aya Hirano
performer	``Es Mi Mujer'' (``It's My Woman'') is a song written by Luis Gómez Escolar and K. C. Porter, produced by Juan Carlos Calderón and performed by Mexican singer Emmanuel.	Es Mi Mujer	Emmanuel
performer	``Empty Spaces'' is a song by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, featured as the eighth track on their 1979 rock opera The Wall.	Empty Spaces	Pink Floyd
performer	Speaker of Turkish is a posthumous release by Muslimgauze.	Speaker of Turkish	Muslimgauze
performer	``Let You Go'' is the second overall, and official lead single, taken from drum and bass duo Chase & Status' second studio album, No More Idols.	Let You Go	Chase & Status
performer	Musication is the second album by the Japanese hip-hop group Home Made Kazoku, released in 2006.	Musication	Home Made Kazoku
performer	``Metal & Dust'' is a song written by Dot Major, Hannah Reid and Dan Rothman of British electronic music band London Grammar.	Metal & Dust	London Grammar
performer	Hearty Notes is the twenty-sixth album and the first one in which All 4 Members of Casiopea play Acoustic Instruments recorded and released in 1994.	Hearty Notes	Casiopea
performer	Beyond the Permafrost is the second album by American thrash/black metal band Skeletonwitch.	Beyond the Permafrost	Skeletonwitch
performer	``Cry Baby Cry'' is a song by the Beatles, written by John Lennon, from their 1968 album The Beatles.	Cry Baby Cry	The Beatles
performer	``The First Picture of You'' is a song by English new wave band The Lotus Eaters.	The First Picture of You	The Lotus Eaters
performer	The Shell Game is an album by saxophonist Tim Berne with Craig Taborn and Tom Rainey which was recorded in 2000 in Denmark and Sweden and released on the Thirsty Ear label.	The Shell Game	Tim Berne
performer	``Sunday Bloody Sunday'' is a song by the Irish rock band U2.	Sunday Bloody Sunday	U2
performer	``Cry (Just a Little)'' is a song by Dutch dance duo Bingo Players.	Cry (Just a Little)	Bingo Players
performer	Near Nadir is an studio album by four musicians Ikue Mori, Mark Nauseef, Evan Parker and Bill Laswell.	Near Nadir	Ikue Mori
performer	Acuerdate De Mi in English Remember Me was released as a promotional single from the band Selena y Los Dinos in 1986.	Acuerdate De Mi	Selena
performer	Come 2 Me is Raymond Lam's fourth album, released on July 17, 2010.	Come 2 Me	Raymond Lam
performer	``Los Angeles Is Burning'' is a single by the punk rock band Bad Religion from their 2004 album The Empire Strikes First.	Los Angeles Is Burning	Bad Religion
performer	Spoils of Failure is the fourth and final album by Canadian band Buried Inside.	Spoils of Failure	Buried Inside
performer	The Deep End, Volume 1 is the fourth studio album by American rock band Gov't Mule.	The Deep End, Volume 1	Gov't Mule
performer	``Ovo je Balkan'' (Serbian: Ово je Балкaн, English: This is the Balkans) is a song composed by Yugoslav composer Goran Bregović and performed by Milan Stanković.	Ovo je Balkan	Milan Stanković
performer	Bird in a House is the second studio album by the bluegrass/jam band Railroad Earth, released in 2002.	Bird in a House	Railroad Earth
performer	Chattanooga Sugar Babe is an album of American musician Norman Blake, released in 1998.	Chattanooga Sugar Babe	Norman Blake
performer	Chasing Down a Spark is the third solo release by recording artist Bill Deasy although it is the second after formally leaving The Gathering Field.	Chasing Down a Spark	Bill Deasy
performer	``Love Me for a Reason'' is a song by Johnny Bristol covered by The Osmonds, and released in 1974.	Love Me for a Reason	The Osmonds
performer	8WM/Novakane is the third album by hip-hop duo Black Sheep, the group's first full-length album since 1994's Non-Fiction.	8WM/Novakane	Black Sheep
performer	If You're Reading This It's Too Late is the fourth mixtape by Canadian recording artist Drake.	If You're Reading This It's Too Late	Drake
performer	``An Olive Grove Facing the Sea'' is a song from Snow Patrol's second album When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up.	An Olive Grove Facing the Sea	Snow Patrol
performer	Born on a Pirate Ship (sometimes abbreviated BOAPS) is the third full-length studio album by Barenaked Ladies (BNL), featuring the songs ``Shoe Box'', ``The Old Apartment'', ``When I Fall'' and ``Break Your Heart.''	Born on a Pirate Ship	Barenaked Ladies
performer	Poema de Amor is the second album by Brazilian music superstar Elis Regina, It was released in 1962.	Poema de Amor	Elis Regina
performer	Plain and Simple is an album by The Dubliners, the last to be produced by Phil Coulter.	Plain and Simple	The Dubliners
performer	Another Small Machine is the second of three albums by Canadian songwriter Michael Kulas.	Another Small Machine	Michael Kulas
performer	``So You Win Again'' is a popular single from the Hot Chocolate album Every 1's a Winner.	So You Win Again	Hot Chocolate
performer	Peel Session TX 21/07/1998 is an EP by Boards of Canada of their 21 July 1998 Peel Session broadcast on BBC Radio 1.	Peel Session TX 21/07/1998	Boards of Canada
performer	Om du vill vara med mig is the fourth album by singer-songwriter Melissa Horn, released October 2, 2013, on Sony/Svedala.	Om du vill vara med mig	Melissa Horn
performer	``Johnny Got a Boom Boom'' is a song by Irish rockabilly musician Imelda May.	Johnny Got a Boom Boom	Imelda May
performer	``Losing My Edge'' is the debut single by American dance-punk band LCD Soundsystem.	Losing My Edge	LCD Soundsystem
performer	All Beauty Must Die is an album by German symphonic metal band Krypteria, released on April 22, 2011.	All Beauty Must Die	Krypteria
performer	``When the Trickster Starts a-Poking (Bordello Kind of Guy)'' is a song by gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello, written by frontman Eugene Hütz.	When the Trickster Starts a-Poking	Gogol Bordello
performer	Through These Eyes is the debut solo album by Bryan Josh of Mostly Autumn fame.	Through These Eyes	Bryan Josh
performer	``Neva Get Enuf'' is the second single released from 3LW's second album A Girl Can Mack and features Lil Wayne, it heavily samples Teddy Pendergrass's Close the Door.	Neva Get Enuf	3LW	Lil Wayne
performer	Kommander of Kaos is the second solo studio album released by Wendy O. Williams after her group, the Plasmatics, went on hiatus.	Kommander of Kaos	Wendy O. Williams
performer	Stanley Road is the third solo album by Paul Weller, released by Go!	Stanley Road	Paul Weller
performer	``Always Strapped'' is the first single from rapper Birdman's fourth studio album, Pricele$$.	Always Strapped	Birdman
performer	It Hates You is He Is Legend's third full-length studio album, released July 13, 2009 in Europe and July 21, 2009 in the United States.	It Hates You	He Is Legend
performer	Telo i duša (trans. Body and Soul) is an album by the Serbian gothic rock band Trivalia.	Telo i duša	Trivalia
performer	The Story Goes... is the third album by British singer Craig David, released in 2005 via Warner Music in the UK.	The Story Goes...	Craig David
performer	Better than Knowing Where You Are is the fourth and final album from Chicago pop-punk band Spitalfield.	Better than Knowing Where You Are	Spitalfield
performer	Boss Hogg Outlaws is a Compilation album by the southern rappers E.S.G. & Slim Thug.	Boss Hogg Outlaws	E.S.G.
performer	Doll Domination is the second and final studio album by American pop girl group The Pussycat Dolls.	Doll Domination	The Pussycat Dolls
performer	``Grab My Shaft'' is a single by Louie Austen featuring Canadian electronic musician Peaches.	Grab My Shaft	Louie Austen	Peaches
performer	``The Chronicles of Life and Death'' is the third single from American rock band Good Charlotte's third album, The Chronicles of Life and Death.	The Chronicles of Life and Death	Good Charlotte
performer	Radio Boogie is a second album by the progressive bluegrass band Hot Rize.	Radio Boogie	Hot Rize
performer	``Into Your Eyes'' is the third single from the American DJ Armand Van Helden's sixth album Nympho.	Into Your Eyes	Armand Van Helden
performer	Helioself, the second album by Papas Fritas, was released in the spring of 1997.	Helioself	Papas Fritas
performer	Jump Up Jump Down Live is a Live VHS released by B*Witched in 2000.	Jump Up Jump Down Live	B*Witched
performer	Boys and Girls in America is the third studio album by The Hold Steady, released on October 3, 2006 by Vagrant Records.	Boys and Girls in America	The Hold Steady
performer	Big Night Music was the fourth full-length Shriekback album, released in 1986.	Big Night Music	Shriekback
performer	The Stand Ins is the fifth full-length studio album by American indie rock band Okkervil River, released on September 9, 2008.	The Stand Ins	Okkervil River
performer	Casting the Stones is the eighth studio album released by American power metal band Jag Panzer, released in 2004.	Casting the Stones	Jag Panzer
performer	Brasil Afora (All Over Brazil) is the twelfth album by brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso.	Brasil Afora	Os Paralamas do Sucesso
performer	The Sailor is the 1979 album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury.	The Sailor	Mickey Newbury
performer	Dancing on the Grave of Rock n' Roll is the fourth studio album by Australian hard rock band The Choirboys which was released in 1994 and is the follow-up to their previous studio album, Midnight Sun. It was produced by mainstay band members Mark Gable and Ian Hulme.	Dancing on the Grave of Rock n' Roll	The Choirboys
performer	It's a Wonderful Laugh is a comedy album by The Bob & Tom Show, which was first released in December 1996.	It's a Wonderful Laugh	The Bob & Tom Show
performer	MF EP is a split EP released by rappers MF DOOM and MF Grimm on November 28, 2000.	MF EP	MF Grimm
performer	``You're Not the Only One Who Feels This Way'' is Ammonia's second single from their second album Eleventh Avenue.	You're Not the Only One Who Feels This Way	Ammonia
performer	Factors of the Seven is the second studio album released by GRITS, in 1998.	Factors of the Seven	GRITS
performer	``I Will Never Leave You'' is a 1992 song recorded by the Australian act Euphoria.	I Will Never Leave You	Euphoria
performer	Born to Play Guitar is a 2015 studio album from Buddy Guy.	Born to Play Guitar	Buddy Guy
performer	Get Away, Jordan is a live CD/DVD released by Christian gospel quartet Ernie Haase & Signature Sound.	Get Away, Jordan	Ernie Haase & Signature Sound
performer	You Want It, You Got It is the second album by the Detroit, Michigan-based Soul group The Detroit Emeralds.	You Want It, You Got It	The Detroit Emeralds
performer	``Honey to the Bee'' is a song from Billie Piper released in 1999.	Honey to the Bee	Billie Piper
performer	``In My Defence'' is a power ballad performed by Queen lead vocalist Freddie Mercury.	In My Defence	Freddie Mercury
performer	``Elegia'' is a piece composed by Peter Hook, Gillian Gilbert, Stephen Morris, and Bernard Sumner for the British rock band New Order.	Elegia	New Order
performer	That Within Blood Ill-Tempered is the second studio album by hardcore punk band Shai Hulud.	That Within Blood Ill-Tempered	Shai Hulud
performer	``Light Surrounding You'' is the second single by alternative rock band, Evermore, taken from their second studio album, Real Life (June 2006).	Light Surrounding You	Evermore
performer	``I Will Love You Monday (365)'' is a song by Danish singer-songwriter Aura Dione from her debut album Columbine.	I Will Love You Monday (365)	Aura Dione
performer	Tyrannosaurus Hives is the third full-length album by The Hives, released on 20 July 2004.	Tyrannosaurus Hives	The Hives
performer	Engeltjes (English: Angels) is the twelfth studio album by the Belgian-Dutch girlgroup K3.	Engeltjes	K3
performer	``Looking for Space'' is a popular song written and performed by the American singer-songwriter John Denver.	Looking for Space	John Denver
performer	``Fooled Around and Fell in Love'' is a single written and performed by blues guitarist Elvin Bishop.	Fooled Around and Fell in Love	Elvin Bishop
performer	Atado a Tu Amor (English: Tied to Your Love) is the ninth album by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne released on September 29, 1998 (see 1998 in music).	Atado a Tu Amor	Chayanne
performer	``The Phuncky Feel One'' is the second single of rap group Cypress Hill's self-titled debut album.	The Phuncky Feel One	Cypress Hill
performer	Terminal Romance is the fourth album by Canadian rocker Matt Mays, and his second with backing band El Torpedo, following 2005's Matt Mays & El Torpedo.	Terminal Romance	Matt Mays
performer	The Out of Control Tour was the fifth concert tour by British girl group Girls Aloud.	Out of Control Tour	Girls Aloud
performer	Ultrawired was released in its entirety on May 30, 2011, a day which Dope Stars, Inc. dubbed Pirate Day because of the method of release.	Ultrawired	Dope Stars, Inc.
performer	``We Could Be Sweet Lovers'' is a 1985 song written by Bill Withers from his final studio album Watching You Watching Me.	We Could Be Sweet Lovers	Bill Withers
performer	Pleasures of the Flesh is the second album by the American thrash metal band Exodus.	Pleasures of the Flesh	Exodus
performer	Decenija (English: Decade) is the eleventh studio album by Serbian singer Ceca.	Decenija	Ceca
performer	``Make Her Say'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kid Cudi, released as the second single from his debut album Man on the Moon:	Make Her Say	Kid Cudi
performer	Chill Pill is the fourth album by the band Warrior Soul released in 1993.	Chill Pill	Warrior Soul
performer	Ring of Hands is a 1971 album and the second released by British rock band Argent.	Ring of Hands	Argent
performer	Platinum Pyramids is the eighth album by rapper/DJ, Egyptian Lover.	Platinum Pyramids	Egyptian Lover
performer	``Home Tonight'' is a power ballad by American hard rock band Aerosmith.	Home Tonight	Aerosmith
performer	Haudankylmyyden Mailla is the second full-length studio album by the black metal band Horna.	Haudankylmyyden Mailla	Horna
performer	``Calling America'' is a song by the rock music group Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) released as a single from their 1986 (see 1986 in music) album Balance of Power.	Calling America	Electric Light Orchestra
performer	Vision of Sorrows is a 1994 album by the band Lestat.	Vision of Sorrows	Lestat
performer	If I Left the Zoo is the third full-length studio album of the band Jars of Clay.	If I Left the Zoo	Jars of Clay
performer	1/2 Gentlemen/Not Beasts is the first triple record by the rock group Half Japanese.	1/2 Gentlemen/Not Beasts	Half Japanese
performer	Headlong Flight is the second single from Canadian rock band Rush's 20th studio album, Clockwork Angels.	Headlong Flight	Rush
performer	``I'd Die Without You'' is a song by American R&B duo P.M. Dawn.	I'd Die Without You	P.M. Dawn
performer	K. B. Blues is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1957 and originally released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1979.	K. B. Blues	Kenny Burrell
performer	The Parody Album is the debut album by DJ Chris Moyles, host of The Chris Moyles Show on BBC Radio 1.	The Parody Album	Chris Moyles
performer	This Is My Ship is the debut album released by Dartz! in 2007.	This Is My Ship	Dartz
performer	It'll Be Cool is the ninth and last full-length album released by indie rock band Silkworm before drummer Michael Dahlquist was killed in a car wreck.	It'll Be Cool	Silkworm
performer	``Ain't Talkin''' is a song written by Bob Dylan, appearing as the closing track on his album Modern Times, recorded in February 2006.	Ain't Talkin'	Bob Dylan
performer	Egoleech is the third studio album by German goregrind band Cock and Ball Torture.	Egoleech	Cock and Ball Torture
performer	Only a Shadow is a live album from Misty Edwards, released by Forerunner Music on March 19, 2013.	Only a Shadow	Misty Edwards
performer	``C U When U Get There'' is a song by Coolio featuring 40 Thevz and based on the melody of Johann Pachelbel's Canon in D Major.	C U When U Get There	Coolio
performer	Full Moon Flashlight is the fourth full-length album by Greg Connors, released on April 25, 2009.	Full Moon Flashlight	Greg Connors
performer	``Bruised Water'' is a song by trance artist Chicane.	Bruised Water	Chicane
performer	``You're a Superstar'' is a song recorded by Canadian Eurodance group Love Inc..	You're a Superstar	Love Inc.
performer	Darkness Darkness is an album by the former vocalist from The Animals, Eric Burdon.	Darkness Darkness	Eric Burdon
performer	Dismiss the Mystery is the seventh studio album released by the Christian rock band, Salvador.	Dismiss the Mystery	Salvador
performer	``Caught by the Fuzz'' was the first single by Britpop band Supergrass.	Caught by the Fuzz	Supergrass
performer	``Et s'il fallait le faire'' (And if it had to be done) is a song by French singer Patricia Kaas and the first single off her album Kabaret.	Et s'il fallait le faire	Patricia Kaas
performer	Gei ni yidian yanse (给你一点颜色), English title on cover Show You Colour, is the 5th music album from Chinese rock'n'roll star Cui Jian, released on 23 March 2005.	Show You Colour	Cui Jian
performer	``Prayer of the Refugee'' is the second single from Rise Against's album The Sufferer & the Witness, and was released worldwide in 2006.	Prayer of the Refugee	Rise Against
performer	Regifted Light is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Baby Dee.	Regifted Light	Baby Dee
performer	Osaka Ramones is Japanese pop-punk group Shonen Knife's 16th studio album.	Osaka Ramones	Shonen Knife
performer	The World Has Made Me the Man of My Dreams is the seventh studio album by the American musician Meshell Ndegeocello.	The World Has Made Me the Man of My Dreams	Meshell Ndegeocello
performer	The Twilight Chronicles is the eighth studio album released by the melodic hard rock band Ten.	The Twilight Chronicles	Ten
performer	Road to the Octagon is the eleventh full-length studio album from Finnish blackened death metal band Impaled Nazarene.	Road to the Octagon	Impaled Nazarene
performer	Fantastic Girls is the fourth Japanese studio album (seventh overall) of the South Korean girl group Kara.	Fantastic Girls	Kara
performer	West Koasta Nostra is the seventh album by Samoan rap group Boo-Yaa T.R.I.B.E. Released in 2003 for Sarinjay Entertainment, the album marked the first successful album for the group since its debut album, New Funky Nation.	West Koasta Nostra	Boo-Yaa T.R.I.B.E.
performer	Que Ganas de Volver (Eng.: I Want to Return) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican band Conjunto Primavera.	Que Ganas de Volver	Conjunto Primavera
performer	Walk Out is a 2007 album by Lady Saw.	Walk Out	Lady Saw
performer	``Learnalilgivinanlovin'' is a song by the Flemish-born Australian musician Gotye from his second album Like Drawing Blood released in Australia as a single in 2006.	Learnalilgivinanlovin	Gotye
performer	All Haunt's Sound is the second album by the indie pop group The Alice Rose, released in 2009.	All Haunt's Sound	The Alice Rose
performer	The W is the third studio album by the American hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan.	The W	Wu-Tang Clan
performer	Beautiful Awakening is the third album from American CCM/pop singer Stacie Orrico.	Beautiful Awakening	Stacie Orrico
performer	``De Mí Enamórate'' (``Fall in Love with Me'') is a ballad written by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel, produced by Gian Pietro Felisatti and performed by Mexican singer Daniela Romo.	De Mí Enamórate	Daniela Romo
performer	The Light Divides is the second studio album by the indie rock band Winterpills, released on February 27, 2007.	The Light Divides	Winterpills
performer	``In Some Small Way'' is the fourth and last promotional single from Celine Dion's album Miracle.	In Some Small Way	Celine Dion
performer	Come on Sister is an EP from the indie pop band Belle & Sebastian released in 2011.	Come on Sister	Belle & Sebastian
performer	``Well Thought Out Twinkles'' is a song included in the tracklist of Silversun Pickups' debut album Carnavas.	Well Thought Out Twinkles	Silversun Pickups
performer	Amber's fourth album was titled My Kind of World.	My Kind of World	Amber
performer	All the Lovers is a song recorded by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue for her eleventh studio album, Aphrodite (2010).	All the Lovers	Kylie Minogue
performer	An Inch of Gold for an Inch of Time is the 2005 release by mathcore group The Number Twelve Looks Like You.	An Inch of Gold for an Inch of Time	The Number Twelve Looks Like You
performer	``My Thang'' is a funk song written and recorded by James Brown.	My Thang	James Brown
performer	Life of Contradiction is the first album of reggae musician Joe Higgs.	Life of Contradiction	Joe Higgs
performer	``Capital G'' is a single by Nine Inch Nails, the second from their 2007 album Year Zero.	Capital G	Nine Inch Nails
performer	No Nuclear War is the seventh and final studio album by Peter Tosh.	No Nuclear War	Peter Tosh
performer	10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 is the fourth album by Midnight Oil that was released on vinyl in 1982 under the Columbia Records label.	10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1	Midnight Oil
performer	Break Up the Concrete is the ninth (and to date, final) studio album by rock group The Pretenders.	Break Up the Concrete	The Pretenders
performer	``I Need More of You'' is a song written David Bellamy, and recorded by American country music duo The Bellamy Brothers.	I Need More of You	The Bellamy Brothers
performer	``Eres Mi Religión'' (English: You Are My Religion) is the second radio single and ninth track off of Maná's sixth studio album, Revolución de Amor (2002).	Eres Mi Religión	Maná
performer	``The Way We Make a Broken Heart'' was covered by both John Hiatt and Rosanne Cash in 1983 as a duet.	The Way We Make a Broken Heart	Rosanne Cash
performer	``Y No Puedo Olvidarte'' (English: ``And I Can't Forget About You'') is a song from Mexican pop group RBD.	Y No Puedo Olvidarte	RBD
performer	``Funky Cold Medina'' is a hip hop song written by Young MC, Michael L. Ross and Matt Dike, and first performed by Tone Lōc.	Funky Cold Medina	Tone Lōc
performer	Unseen Power is the thirteenth studio album of the Christian rock band, Petra.	Unseen Power	Petra
performer	Barbie Barbie, stylised as BARBiE BARBiE, is the seventh single by the Japanese electronica artist Aira Mitsuki.	Barbie Barbie	Aira Mitsuki
performer	Canzonissima '68 is an album by Italian singer Mina, released in 1968.	Canzonissima '68	Mina
performer	Fist Sized Chunks is the third studio album by the grunge band Skin Yard.	Fist Sized Chunks	Skin Yard
performer	Natin99 is the Eraserheads' sixth album.	Natin99	Eraserheads
performer	``Life in the Fast Lane'' is a song written by Joe Walsh, Glenn Frey and Don Henley and recorded by the American rock band Eagles on their 1976 studio album Hotel California.	Life in the Fast Lane	Eagles
performer	``Poor Poor Pitiful Me'' is a rock song written and originally recorded by Warren Zevon in 1976.	Poor Poor Pitiful Me	Warren Zevon
performer	``All Over This Town'' is the first single from the album Other People's Problems by the now defunct band The Upper Room.	All Over This Town	The Upper Room
performer	``ULTRAnumb'' is the third single by the industrial artist Blue Stahli, it remains Blue Stahli's most popular song to date.	ULTRAnumb	Blue Stahli
performer	``Can't Shake You'' is a song by the American country music group Gloriana.	Can't Shake You	Gloriana
performer	Still Writing in My Diary: 2nd Entry, released in 2004, is the second studio album by rapper Petey Pablo.	Still Writing in My Diary: 2nd Entry	Petey Pablo
performer	``Somebody's Me'' is the second single released from Enrique Iglesias's fourth English studio album, Insomniac.	Somebody's Me	Enrique Iglesias
performer	``My City of Ruins'' is a 2000 song written and performed by Bruce Springsteen, and included on his 2002 album The Rising.	My City of Ruins	Bruce Springsteen
performer	``Duele el Amor'' is a song by Mexican singer Aleks Syntek featuring Ana Torroja released on August 14, 2004 as the first single of his album Mundo Lite.	Duele el Amor	Aleks Syntek	Ana Torroja
performer	Omar Rodriguez Lopez & Jeremy Michael Ward is a collaboration between Omar Rodríguez-López and the late Jeremy Michael Ward.	Omar Rodriguez Lopez & Jeremy Michael Ward	Omar Rodríguez-López
performer	``If Only You'' is the third single from the album Heart Beats by Danny Saucedo.	If Only You	Danny Saucedo
performer	We Didn't Come Here to Die is the first album by pop punk band The Copyrights.	We Didn't Come Here to Die	The Copyrights
performer	Ember to Inferno is the debut album from American heavy metal band Trivium.	Ember to Inferno	Trivium
performer	``Ghost of You and Me'' is a 2001 single by the British pop band BBMak.	Ghost of You and Me	BBMak
performer	People and Things is the third and final studio album by American rock band Jack's Mannequin.	People and Things	Jack's Mannequin
performer	``Only Time'' is a song composed and recorded by Irish singer Enya, first released in November 2000.	Only Time	Enya
performer	``Arienne'' is the fourth single to be released by the British singer-songwriter Tasmin Archer.	Arienne	Tasmin Archer
performer	``Glam Slam'' is a song by American musician Prince, and the second single from his 1988 album, Lovesexy.	Glam Slam	Prince
performer	``Gots ta Be'' is the second single by R&B group B2K off their self-titled debut album.	Gots ta Be	B2K
performer	The Arockalypse is the third studio album by Finnish heavy metal band Lordi.	The Arockalypse	Lordi
performer	``Rayon de soleil'' (English: ``Ray of Sunshine'') is the name of a 2008 song recorded by the African singer William Baldé.	Rayon de soleil	William Baldé
performer	All Creatures Will Make Merry is the second studio album by Scottish indie folk band Meursault, released on 24 May 2010.	All Creatures Will Make Merry	Meursault
performer	The Olympus Sound is the fifth studio album by Irish power pop band Pugwash.	The Olympus Sound	Pugwash
performer	Design Your Universe is the fourth full-length studio album by Dutch symphonic metal band Epica, released on 16 October 2009.	Design Your Universe	Epica
performer	Great Jazz Standards is an album by jazz composer, arranger, conductor and pianist Gil Evans recorded in 1959 by Evans with an orchestra featuring Johnny Coles, Steve Lacy, Curtis Fuller, Jimmy Cleveland, Budd Johnson, Ray Crawford, and Elvin Jones.	Great Jazz Standards	Gil Evans
performer	Standing on a Beach (titled Staring at the Sea in CD format in some countries) is a singles compilation released by the British goth rock band The Cure in May 1986, marking a decade since the band's founding in 1976.	Standing on a Beach	The Cure
performer	Comin' to Your City is the second studio album by the country music duo Big & Rich, released in 2005.	Comin' to Your City	Big & Rich
performer	Faro Annie is the 1971 solo album by British folk musician John Renbourn.	Faro Annie	John Renbourn
performer	Ludo srce (English: Crazy Heart) is the second studio album by Serbian singer Ceca.	Ludo srce	Ceca
performer	Do gole kože (English: To the Bare Skin) is the eighth studio album by Bosnian Serb pop-folk singer Stoja.	Do gole kože	Stoja
performer	Ricky Sings Again is the third rock and roll album by Ricky Nelson, released in 1959.	Ricky Sings Again	Ricky Nelson
performer	Dusty Fact is the first album by well-known Russian rock group Splean.	Dusty Fact	Splean
performer	``Ricochet!'' is the first single from Shiny Toy Guns' second album Season of Poison.	Ricochet!	Shiny Toy Guns
performer	In Sides is the fourth album by British electronic group Orbital, released in the UK on Internal on 29 April 1996.	In Sides	Orbital
performer	A Greater Darkness is the eighth release by extreme industrial metal band Red Harvest.	A Greater Darkness	Red Harvest
performer	``I Don't Wanna Cry No More'' is a song and single made by German power metal band Helloween, taken from the album Chameleon.	I Don't Wanna Cry No More	Helloween
performer	Soy Mujer (I'm a Woman), is the third album released by Chenoa (second of studio), following Chenoa and the unplugged album Mis Canciones Favoritas.	Soy Mujer	Chenoa
performer	``Have In Mind'' is a 1988 single by German synthpop band Cetu Javu.	Have In Mind	Cetu Javu
performer	``Jalla Dansa Sawa'' (meaning Come on and dance together) is a 2013 song by Swedish singer of Iranian origin Behrang Miri which was performed in Melodifestivalen 2013.	Jalla Dansa Sawa	Behrang Miri
performer	``Un Poco Loco'' (English translation: ``A Little Crazy'') is a composition by American jazz pianist and composer Bud Powell.	Un Poco Loco	Bud Powell
performer	``Dark Clouds'' is a song by Space, released as their fifth and final single from their debut album Spiders.	Dark Clouds	Space
performer	Sell Your Dope is the third studio album by rap artist Afroman.	Sell Your Dope	Afroman
performer	Modern Day Jazz Stories is an 1995 album by English saxophonist Courtney Pine.	Modern Day Jazz Stories	Courtney Pine
performer	Listen & Forgive is the third studio album of the American pop punk band Transit.	Listen & Forgive	Transit
performer	``It's Madness'' was the second posthumous record released by American soul singer Marvin Gaye, released off his Dream Of A Lifetime album, in 1985.	It's Madness	Marvin Gaye
performer	``Dance Again'' is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her first greatest hits album, Dance Again... the Hits (2012).	Dance Again	Jennifer Lopez
performer	``Broken Hearted'' was the third single from Eighteen Visions self-titled album and the band's last single.	Broken Hearted	Eighteen Visions
performer	``Fussball ist immer noch wichtig'' (Football is still important) is a song by Fettes Brot, Bela B. of Die Ärzte, Marcus Wiebusch of Kettcar and Carsten Friedrichs of Superpunk.	Fussball ist immer noch wichtig	Fettes Brot	Bela B.	Marcus Wiebusch
performer	``Do No Wrong'' is a song by Cornish alternative rock band Thirteen Senses, from their debut album The Invitation.	Do No Wrong	Thirteen Senses
performer	``My Music at Work'' is a song by Canadian rock group The Tragically Hip.	My Music at Work	The Tragically Hip
performer	Life on Display is the third studio album by post-grunge band Puddle of Mudd.	Life on Display	Puddle of Mudd
performer	Polly Wog Stew is a 1982 EP by the Beastie Boys, released on the Rat Cage label.	Polly Wog Stew	Beastie Boys
performer	Luna de Fuego is the second studio album by the Gipsy Kings, released in 1983 in Europe.	Luna de Fuego	Gipsy Kings
performer	Songs from the Edge is the second album by British musician Dirty Harry (formerly known as Harry).	Songs from the Edge	Dirty Harry
performer	Friday Night in America is the ninth and final studio album by progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival, released in 1989.	Friday Night in America	New Grass Revival
performer	Mystic Chords & Sacred Spaces (2003) is a four disc album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach.	Mystic Chords & Sacred Spaces	Steve Roach
performer	Preston 28 February 1980 is a live album by English post-punk band Joy Division featuring a performance on 28 February 1980 at The Warehouse, Preston.	Preston 28 February 1980	Joy Division
performer	Ethernaut is a 2003 album by The Crüxshadows, a gothic/electronic, ``Dark Wave'' band from Jacksonville, Florida.	Ethernaut	The Crüxshadows
performer	Mainstream of Jazz is an album led by American jazz baritone saxophonist Gerry Mulligan featuring tracks recorded in 1955 and 1956 which released on the EmArcy label.	Mainstream of Jazz	Gerry Mulligan
performer	``Helping Me Get Over You'' is a song written and recorded by American country music artists Travis Tritt and Lari White.	Helping Me Get Over You	Travis Tritt	Lari White
performer	BJ4 is the fourth album by jazz musician Bob James.	BJ4	Bob James
performer	Kuře v hodinkách is an album by the Czech fusion band Flamengo.	Kuře v hodinkách	Flamengo
performer	``Stupid Mistake'' is a song by British-based Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes, released as the fourth single from his fourth studio album, Secret Codes and Battleships, on 7 May 2012.	Stupid Mistake	Darren Hayes
performer	Across the Open Sea is the third studio album by the Swedish death metal band, Unleashed.	Across the Open Sea	Unleashed
performer	A Little Touch of Schmilsson in the Night is an album of classic 20th-century standards sung by American singer Harry Nilsson.	A Little Touch of Schmilsson in the Night	Harry Nilsson
performer	``Mamunia'' is a song credited to Paul and Linda McCartney that first appeared on Wings' 1973 album Band on the Run.	Mamunia	Wings
performer	Black Power Flower is the tenth solo album from stoner rock musician Brant Bjork, and the first credited to his new backing band The Low Desert Punk Band.	Black Power Flower	Brant Bjork
performer	A Legend in My Time is the fourth studio album by country music artist Ronnie Milsap.	A Legend in My Time	Ronnie Milsap
performer	``Road to Heaven'' is the fifth single of Dutch singer Kim-Lian and the lead single from her second album Just Do It.	Road to Heaven	Kim-Lian
performer	``Caroline's a Victim'' is the debut single of English singer-songwriter Kate Nash, released digitally and on 7`` vinyl 5 February 2007.	Caroline's a Victim	Kate Nash
performer	People Like People Like People Like Us is the fifth studio album by the Swedish rock band Backyard Babies, released in 2006.	People Like People Like People Like Us	Backyard Babies
performer	Beneath This Gruff Exterior was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's seventeenth album, released on May 6, 2003.	Beneath This Gruff Exterior	John Hiatt
performer	``She's Your Lover Now'' is a song written by singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, and recorded for his 1966 album, Blonde on Blonde, but ultimately never used.	She's Your Lover Now	Bob Dylan
performer	En éxtasis (English: ``In ecstasy'') is the fourth studio album by Mexican singer Thalía.	En éxtasis	Thalía
performer	Bing, Bing, Bing! is a 1995 (see 1995 in music) album by jazz musician Charlie Hunter.	Bing, Bing, Bing!	Charlie Hunter
performer	Easy to Idolize is a 2004 (see 2004 in music) album by Ilse Huizinga.	Easy to Idolize	Ilse Huizinga
performer	``All Join Hands'' is a song by rock band Slade, released as the lead single from the 1985 album Rogues Gallery.	All Join Hands	Slade
performer	Big Sounds of the Drags is the second album by electronic music producer Junkie XL.	Big Sounds of the Drags	Junkie XL
performer	``Money Won't Change You'' is a song recorded by James Brown in 1966.	Money Won't Change You	James Brown
performer	Stray Point Agenda is the second studio album from UK Hip-hop group Foreign Beggars.	Stray Point Agenda	Foreign Beggars
performer	Strange Faith and Practice is the seventh album by American-born singer/songwriter Jeb Loy Nichols, released in 2009 on Impossible Ark Records.	Strange Faith and Practice	Jeb Loy Nichols
performer	United World Rebellion is a series of three EPs from the heavy metal band Skid Row.	United World Rebellion	Skid Row
performer	Down Home Style is an album by American organist Brother Jack McDuff recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.	Down Home Style	Jack McDuff
performer	YBA 2 NW is the fifth studio album of South African hip hop artist Hip Hop Pantsula, released under the CCP/EMI S.A. label on October 17, 2005 in South Africa.	YBA 2 NW	Hip Hop Pantsula
performer	Runova X Handover is the second mini album released by Nico Touches the Walls in October 18, 2006.	Runova X Handover	Nico Touches the Walls
performer	Black Brick Road is the sixth studio release by the gothic metal band Lake of Tears.	Black Brick Road	Lake of Tears
performer	Another Day, Another Riot was the fourth album from Irish alternative band Toasted Heretic.	Another Day, Another Riot	Toasted Heretic
performer	Soldatski bal (trans. The Soldiers' Ball) is the first studio album of the former Yugoslav band Plavi orkestar released in 1985.	Soldatski bal	Plavi orkestar
performer	The Goat Rodeo Sessions is a 2011 collaborative album by Yo-Yo Ma, Stuart Duncan, Edgar Meyer and Chris Thile.	The Goat Rodeo Sessions	Yo-Yo Ma
performer	Got Friends is the second EP from indie rock band The Jealous Sound, digitally released on October 14, 2008.	Got Friends	The Jealous Sound
performer	Wu Ha is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Wilber Pan's (Chinese: 潘瑋柏) third Mandarin studio album.	Wu Ha	Wilber Pan
performer	Nazarene Crying Towel is an album by Roots music band Lost Dogs, released on BEC Records in 2003.	Nazarene Crying Towel	Lost Dogs
performer	Identity on Fire is the third studio album by American post-hardcore band A Skylit Drive, released on February 15, 2011.	Identity on Fire	A Skylit Drive
performer	Girls Dem Sugar is a reggae fusion song by Jamaican deejay Beenie Man and features singer-songwriter Mýa.	Girls Dem Sugar	Beenie Man	Mýa
performer	Paparazzi Lightning is an album by Ghostland Observatory released in January 2006 under Trashy Moped Recordings.	Paparazzi Lightning	Ghostland Observatory
performer	Kalhöun is the ninth album by Christian alternative rock band Daniel Amos, released on BAI Records in 1991.	Kalhöun	Daniel Amos
performer	Rainbowland is the titled debut album by the Christian Power metal band Seventh Avenue It was released in 1995.	Rainbowland	Seventh Avenue
performer	``Can't Smile Without You'' is a song written by Christian Arnold, David Martin, and Geoff Morrow, and recorded by various artists including Barry Manilow and The Carpenters.	Can't Smile Without You	The Carpenters
performer	``Girl on the Billboard'' is a 1965 single released by American country music singer Del Reeves.	Girl on the Billboard	Del Reeves
performer	No Kings is the second official album from Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree.	No Kings	Doomtree
performer	Laughing Tears, Crying Smile is the second album by the Belgian alternative metal band Oceans of Sadness.	Laughing Tears, Crying Smile	Oceans of Sadness
performer	Nature of a Sista is the second studio album by American rapper Queen Latifah, released on September 3, 1991, in the United States.	Nature of a Sista	Queen Latifah
performer	Horror of the Zombies is the second full-length album by American band Impetigo.	Horror of the Zombies	Impetigo
performer	Taking It All In Stride is the third studio album by New Zealand-born singer Mark Williams released in 1977.	Taking It All In Stride	Mark Williams
performer	Hand on the Torch is the debut album by the jazz-rap group Us3.	Hand on the Torch	Us3
performer	``Pretty Fly for a Rabbi'' (alternatively called ``Pretty Fly (For a Rabbi)'' in Australia) is a song by ``Weird Al'' Yankovic.	Pretty Fly for a Rabbi	Weird Al'' Yankovic
performer	``Freaky Gurl'' is a song by rapper Gucci Mane from his albums Hard to Kill and Trap-A-Thon.	Freaky Gurl	Gucci Mane
performer	``Dare Me'' is a 1985 song originally recorded by The Pointer Sisters on the RCA label.	Dare Me	The Pointer Sisters
performer	I Love Brazil! is a 1977 studio album by Sarah Vaughan, accompanied by prominent Brazilian musicians Milton Nascimento, Dori Caymmi and Antônio Carlos Jobim.	I Love Brazil!	Sarah Vaughan
performer	Irthes (Greek: 'Ηρθες; English: You arrived) is the title of the 12th studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas.	Irthes	Sakis Rouvas
performer	Atomic Ritual is an album from rock band Nebula released in 2003.	Atomic Ritual	Nebula
performer	Yell Fire! is the fifth studio album by the reggae-influenced band Michael Franti and Spearhead.	Yell Fire!	Michael Franti
performer	``Jas ja imam silata'' (Macedonian: Јас ја имам силата; English: I have the strength) is a Macedonian pop-rock song, composed by Kristijan Gabrovski and performed by Gjoko Taneski together with Billy Zver & Pejčin as the Macedonian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010.	Jas ja imam silata	Gjoko Taneski
performer	Under the Bushes Under the Stars is the ninth Guided by Voices album overall, and the last until 2012's Let's Go Eat the Factory to feature the ``classic'' lineup including Tobin Sprout, Mitch Mitchell, and Kevin Fennell in addition to leader Robert Pollard.	Under the Bushes Under the Stars	Guided by Voices
performer	Metal Health is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot.	Metal Health	Quiet Riot
performer	Digital Folklore is the self-published debut of London, England based experimental band Oi Va Voi.	Digital Folklore	Oi Va Voi
performer	``Kill the Poor'' was the third single by the Dead Kennedys.	Kill the Poor	Dead Kennedys
performer	``Meeting Across the River'' is the seventh track on Bruce Springsteen's breakthrough 1975 album, Born to Run; it also appeared as the B-side of ``Born to Run'', the lead single from that album.	Meeting Across the River	Bruce Springsteen
performer	``I'm Blue (The Gong-Gong Song)'' is a song written by Ike Turner, produced by Ike & Tina Turner and recorded and released as a single by Ike & Tina's backing trio, The Ikettes.	I'm Blue (The Gong-Gong Song)	The Ikettes
performer	This Is Hardcore is the sixth album by English band Pulp, first released in March 1998.	This Is Hardcore	Pulp
performer	A Beginner's Guide to the Sea is the second album from Melbourne-based band The Holy Sea.	A Beginner's Guide to the Sea	The Holy Sea
performer	Dirty Ron/Ghost Songs is a double album by Tim Rogers and the Temperance Union.	Dirty Ron/Ghost Songs	Tim Rogers
performer	Friendly Fa$cism is the second full-length album by industrial/hip hop artists Consolidated which was released in 1991.	Friendly Fa$cism	Consolidated
performer	Clearing Customs is a studio album by English guitarist, composer and improvisor Fred Frith.	Clearing Customs	Fred Frith
performer	``Mr. Lonely'' is a song co-written and recorded by Bobby Vinton.	Mr. Lonely	Bobby Vinton
performer	Criminal Tango is an album released in 1986 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band with Chris Thompson.	Criminal Tango	Manfred Mann's Earth Band
performer	``Your Time Has Come'' is the second single by the American hard rock band Audioslave from their second album Out of Exile.	Your Time Has Come	Audioslave
place of birth	Yau Kam Leung (Chinese: 游錦良; Jyutping: jau4 gam2 loeng4, born 26 April 1985 in Hong Kong) is a professional football player who played in the Hong Kong First Division League for Fourway Rangers.	Yau Kam Leung	Hong Kong
place of birth	Milan Mitić (Serbian: Милан Митић) (born 22 January 1984 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Romanian club CSMS Iaşi, as a defensive midfielder or as a right back.	Milan Mitić	Belgrade
place of birth	Roberto Cammarelle (born 30 July 1980) is an Italian boxer, best known for winning the World Amateur Boxing Championships in 2007 (Chicago) and 2009 (Milan) as a super heavyweight and a gold medal at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing.	Roberto Cammarelle	Milan
place of birth	Steve Kekana (born August 4, 1958 in Zebediela, Transvaal) is a South African singer songwriter.	Steve Kekana	Zebediela
place of birth	Stanley Kwan (simplified Chinese: 关锦鹏; traditional Chinese: 關錦鵬; born October 9, 1957 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong Second Wave Hong Kong film director and producer.	Stanley Kwan	Hong Kong
place of birth	Nigel Parry is a New York-based photographer of celebrities, who started his career in London in 1987 and moved to New York in 1994.	Nigel Parry	London
place of birth	Leon Bibb (born October 5, 1944, in Butler, Alabama) is an American news anchor for WEWS-TV in Cleveland, OH, and was a member of the BGSU Board of Trustees.	Leon Bibb	Butler
place of birth	Franz Brungs (born 4 December 1936 in Bad Honnef) is a retired German football coach and player.	Franz Brungs	Bad Honnef
place of birth	Lea Koenig was born in 1929 in Łódź, Poland, to a Polish Jewish family, the daughter of the Yiddish actors Dina and Józef Kamien.	Lea Koenig	Łódź
place of birth	Charles Allen Thomas was born on a farm in Scott County, Kentucky, the son of a Disciples of Christ minister, Charles Allen, and his wife Frances Carrick Thomas.	Charles Allen Thomas	Scott County
place of birth	Johannes Karl Eugen Alfred Goldscheider (4 August 1858 -- 10 April 1935) was a German neurologist born in Sommerfeld (today Lubsko, Poland).	Alfred Goldscheider	Lubsko
place of birth	Nina Paw Hee-ching is a Hong Kong-based actress.	Paw Hee-ching	Hong Kong
place of birth	Rodgers was born in Brooklyn, the son of Captain George Washington Rodgers (1787--1832) and Anna Maria Perry.	George Washington Rodgers	Brooklyn
place of birth	Born in Kediri, East Java, Moestopo moved to Surabaya to attend the School of Dentistry there.	Moestopo	Kediri
place of birth	David Aldridge (born February 10, 1965 in Washington, D.C.) is a reporter for the Turner television networks TNT, TBS and TBD.	David Aldridge	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	France Winddance Twine (born in Chicago, Illinois) is Professor of Sociology and documentary filmmaker at the University of California, Santa Barbara.	France Winddance Twine	Chicago
place of birth	Christel Lee (born 1990, Bloomington, Indiana, United States) is a Korean American-Canadian violinist.	Christel Lee	Bloomington
place of birth	Daniel Rovira de Rivas (born in Málaga, November 1, 1980), mostly known as Dani Rovira, is a Spanish comedian and actor.	Dani Rovira	Málaga
place of birth	Silvana Savorelli (born 1946 in Asmara from Italian father and Eritrean mother), professionally known as Lara Saint Paul, is an Italian Eritrean singer, entertainer, impresario and record producer.	Lara Saint Paul	Asmara
place of birth	Born in Middlesbrough, North Riding of Yorkshire, England, and once called ``the Marilyn Monroe of popular song'', Marion Ryan was a pop singer of the 1950s in the early years of British Independent Television.	Marion Ryan	Middlesbrough
place of birth	Jagmohan Dalmiya (30 May 1940 -- 20 September 2015) was an Indian cricket administrator and businessman from the city of Kolkata.	Jagmohan Dalmiya	Kolkata
place of birth	Lilyan Tashman was born the tenth and youngest child of a Jewish family in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Rose (née Cook), who was born in Germany, and Maurice Tashman, a clothing manufacturer from Bialystok, Poland.	Lilyan Tashman	Brooklyn
place of birth	He was born in Whiting, Indiana to Jabir Murat Ejupi, an Albanian immigrant from Gostivar, Macedonia, and Henrietta Bowman, an American Christian, Ferid Murad was raised as a Christian.	Ferid Murad	Whiting
place of birth	Kanakalatha born as Parameshwaran Pilla and Chinnamma's daughter at Kollam, Kerala.	Kanakalatha	Kollam
place of birth	Francis Robbins Upton (1852 in Peabody, Massachusetts -- March 10, 1921 in Orange, New Jersey) was an American physicist and mathematician.	Francis Robbins Upton	Massachusetts
place of birth	Nathaniel Carl Goodwin (July 25, 1857 -- January 31, 1919) was an American actor and vaudevillian born in Boston.	Nathaniel Carl Goodwin	Boston
place of birth	Juliane Werding (19 July 1956 in Essen) is a German singer and alternative therapy practitioner (heilpraktiker).	Juliane Werding	Essen
place of birth	Mehmed Handžić (16 December 1906 -- 26 July 1944) was one of the authors of Resolution of Sarajevo Muslims' and chairman of the Committee of National Salvation.	Mehmed Handžić	Sarajevo
place of birth	Luca Petri (born January 31, 1989 in Pisa) is an Italian professional footballer.	Luca Petri	Pisa
place of birth	Christine Loh Kung-wai, OBE, JP (born 1 February 1956), is Under Secretary for the Environment in Hong Kong.	Christine Loh	Hong Kong
place of birth	John Fisher was born in Beverley, Yorkshire, in 1469, the eldest son of Robert Fisher, a modestly prosperous merchant of Beverley, and Agnes, his wife.	John Fisher	Beverley	Yorkshire
place of birth	Avinash Yelandur (born 22 December 1959) is an Indian actor who stars predominantly in South Indian language films and notably in the Kannada, Telugu and Tamil film industries.	Avinash	Yelandur
place of birth	Moritz Georg Weidmann (January 23, 1686 -- May 3, 1743 ) was a German bookseller and publisher based in Leipzig, accredited to the courts of Poland and the Electorate of Saxony.	Moritz Georg Weidmann	Leipzig
place of birth	Andrea Seigel (born October 28, 1979 in Anaheim, California) is an American novelist and screenwriter.	Andrea Seigel	Anaheim
place of birth	Dositej Obradović was born Dimitrije Obradović in 1739 to poor parents in the village of Tschakowa (Serbian: Čakovo; modern-day Ciacova, Timiş County, Romania), in the region of Banat, then part of the Habsburg Empire.	Dositej Obradović	Ciacova
place of birth	Ronald Joseph was born on October 9, 1944 in Chicago, Illinois and is the elder brother of Vivian Joseph.	Ronald Joseph	Chicago
place of birth	José Cândido de Carvalho was a Brazilian writer born in Campos dos Goytacazes, Rio de Janeiro on August 5, 1914.	José Cândido de Carvalho	Campos dos Goytacazes
place of birth	Marcos Paulo Segobe da Silva, better known as Careca (born October 30, 1980 in Tambaú), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Marcos Paulo Segobe da Silva	Tambaú
place of birth	Kim Tong-ni (real name: Kim Sijong) was born on December 21, 1913, in Gyeongju, Gyeongsangbuk-do, Korea.	Kim Tong-ni	Gyeongju
place of birth	Sulli, ``sul'' meaning snow and ``li'' meaning pear flower, was born on March 29, 1994 in the city of Yangsan, South Gyeongsang Province, Republic of Korea, but spent her childhood in Busan.	Sulli	Yangsan
place of birth	Pavel Padrnos (born 17 December 1970 in Petrovice near Třebíč) is a Czech professional road racing cyclist since 1996, most recently with Discovery Channel whom he was with between 2002 and 2007.	Pavel Padrnos	Petrovice
place of birth	Shammu was born Sheerin Sharmilee in Bikaner, Rajasthan to a Tamil Hindu family that hails from Neyveli.	Shammu	Bikaner
place of birth	Anna Jókai was born in Budapest, and at an early age she started to show interest in writing.	Anna Jókai	Budapest
place of birth	Theo Travis (born 7 July 1964 in Birmingham, England) is a British saxophonist, flautist and clarinetist.	Theo Travis	Birmingham
place of birth	Marzieh Sotoudeh (born 1957 in Tehran) is an Iranian Canadian writer and translator who won Hedayat's literary award in 2004 .	Marzieh Sotoudeh	Tehran
place of birth	James Lewis Perry (born 19 November 1979 in Cape Town), is a South African professional cyclist who rides for the Tasol GT team.	James Lewis Perry	Cape Town
place of birth	Ludwig Clamor Marquart (29 March 1804 -- 10 May 1881) was a German pharmacist and entrepreneur born in Osnabrück.	Ludwig Clamor Marquart	Osnabrück
place of birth	Jan Derksen was born at Geertruidenberg in central western Holland on 23 January 1919.	Jan Derksen	Geertruidenberg
place of birth	Ernest Anthony Kehr (1911--1986), of New York City, was a promoter and spokesman of stamp collecting, creating interest for the hobby using all media at the time, including radio, television, books, articles and newspapers columns devoted to philately.	Ernest Anthony Kehr	New York City
place of birth	Robert Franklin Leedy was born at Leedy's Pump, Rockingham County, Virginia, a son of John (1826--1889) and Sarah Ann Mauck Leedy (1830--1896).	Robert Franklin Leedy	Rockingham County
place of birth	William Gilson Farlow (1844--1919) was an American botanist, born in Boston, Massachusetts, and educated at Harvard (A.B., 1866; M.D., 1870), where, after several years of European study, he became adjunct professor of botany in 1874 and professor of cryptogamic botany in 1879.	William Gilson Farlow	Boston
place of birth	Anna Louise Föhse (22 March 1677 in Dessau -- 5 February 1745) was the daughter of Rudolf Föhse (1646--1693), the court pharmacist in Dessau, and his wife, Agnes Ohme (died 1707)	Anna Louise Föhse	Dessau
place of birth	Ennio Marchetto (Italian pronunciation: (ˈɛnnjo marˈketto); born 20 February 1960 in Venice) is an Italian comedic live entertainer whose performances feature quick-change artistry, impersonations and his trademark bi-dimensional paper costumes.	Ennio Marchetto	Venice
place of birth	Fyodor Vasilyev was born in Gatchina to a low-level government official, Alexander Vasilyevich Vasilyev, and Olga Emelyanova Polyntseva on 22 February N.S. 1850.	Fyodor Vasilyev	Gatchina
place of birth	Leonid Rogozov was born in Dauriya Station, Chita Oblast, a remote village in Eastern Siberia, just 17 km from the Soviet border with Mongolia and China, near Manzhouli.	Leonid Rogozov	Chita Oblast
place of birth	Born in Bristol in 1914, C. H. Sisson was noted as a poet, novelist, essayist and an important translator.	C. H. Sisson	Bristol
place of birth	Born in Brookhaven, New York, the 6-5, 195-pound Derrick Rowland completed college at State University of New York at Potsdam.	Derrick Rowland	Brookhaven, New York
place of birth	Mohammad Mahdi Vaezi Esfahani (Persian: محمد مهدی واعظی‌ اصفهانی‎‎)(born July 5, 1966 in Tehran) also known as Mohammad Esfahani is an Iranian Persian pop and Traditional singer.	Mohammad Esfahani	Tehran
place of birth	Brian McNeill (born 6 April 1950, Falkirk, Scotland) is a Scottish folk multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, record producer and musical director.	Brian McNeill	Falkirk
place of birth	Rafael Farga i Pellicer, also known as the ``Just Pastor of Pellico'', (1844, Barcelona - Aug. 14, 1890) was a typesetter, political cartoonist, painter, syndicalist, anarchist and journalist from Catalonia.	Rafael Farga i Pellicer	Barcelona
place of birth	Torbjørn Falkanger (8 October 1927 in Trondheim -- 16 July 2013) was a Norwegian ski jumper who was active in the late 1940s and early 1950s.	Torbjørn Falkanger	Trondheim
place of birth	Kostas Bakoyannis (Greek: Κώστας Μπακογιάννης; born 16 March 1978 in Athens) is a Greek independent politician.	Kostas Bakoyannis	Athens
place of birth	Mehmet Nida Tüfekçi (1 March 1929, Akdağmadeni, Yozgat -- 18 September 1993, İstanbul) was a Turkish folk music artist.	Nida Tüfekçi	Akdağmadeni
place of birth	Norman Jaffe was born in 1932 in Chicago to poor immigrant parents from Poland and Latvia.	Norman Jaffe	Chicago
place of birth	Stewart Fraser (born 1936 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a left half.	Stewart Fraser	Aberdeen
place of birth	Jean-Marc Guillou (born December 20, 1945 in Bouaye, Loire-Atlantique) is a French ex-footballer and current trainer, who played at the 1978 World Cup.	Jean-Marc Guillou	Bouaye
place of birth	Susan Kandel is the author of a series of mystery books set in Los Angeles featuring sleuth CeCe Caruso, a vintage clothing fashionista and biographer of mystery writers.	Susan Kandel	Los Angeles
place of birth	Bashkim Kadrii (born 9 July 1991) is a Danish footballer of Albanian descent, who currently plays for F.C. Copenhagen in the Danish Superliga.	Bashkim Kadrii	Copenhagen
place of birth	Andrea Pažoutová-Pokorná (born January 6, 1979 in Hradec Králové) is a Czech judoka, who competed in the women's middleweight category.	Andrea Pažoutová	Hradec Králové
place of birth	Ewa Drzyzga (born in December 1967 in Kraków) is a Polish journalist and TV presenter, who hosts talk-show Rozmowy w Toku on TVN.	Ewa Drzyzga	Kraków
place of birth	Donovan Wylie, (born 1971, Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish photographer from Northern Ireland.	Donovan Wylie	Belfast
place of birth	Joseph Chen Zhonghua (陈中华), courteasy name Dongliang (栋梁), born in 1961, Shandong Province, China, is a Chinese martial arts practitioner, teacher and author.	Chen Zhonghua	Shandong
place of birth	Julian Dash (9 April 1916--25 February 1974) was an American swing music jazz tenor saxophonist born in Charleston, South Carolina, probably better known for his work with Erskine Hawkins and Buck Clayton.	Julian Dash	Charleston
place of birth	Robert I. Sutton (born 1954 in Chicago) is Professor of Management science at the Stanford Engineering School and researcher in the field of Evidence-based management.	Robert I. Sutton	Chicago
place of birth	Martín Cardetti (born 22 October 1975 in Río Cuarto) is a retired Argentine football striker and current manager of Uruguay de Coronado in the Costa Rican Primera División.	Martín Cardetti	Río Cuarto
place of birth	William Walcot was born at Lustdorf, near Odessa in a mixed Scottish-Russian family.	William Walcot	Odessa
place of birth	Born in Venice, Benedetto Marcello was a member of a noble family and his compositions are frequently referred to as Patrizio Veneto.	Benedetto Marcello	Venice
place of birth	Demetriu Radu was born of peasant parents in Tâmpăhaza (present-day Rădești, Alba County), which was part of then Alsó-Fehér County south of Aiud.	Demetriu Radu	Rădești
place of birth	Vicente Amigo Girol (born 25 March 1967) is a Spanish flamenco composer and virtuoso guitarist, born in Guadalcanal, near Seville.	Vicente Amigo	Guadalcanal
place of birth	Arda Ocal (Turkish: Arda Öcal) (born May 7, 1981 in North York, Ontario) is a Turkish Canadian television personality, broadcaster, announcer and writer, currently working as a broadcaster for WWE under the stage name Kyle Edwards.	Kyle Edwards	North York
place of birth	Zoë Wicomb grew up in small-town Namaqualand, went to Cape Town for high school, attended the University of the Western Cape, and after graduating left South Africa for England in 1970, where she continued her studies at Reading University.	Zoë Wicomb	Namaqualand
place of birth	Peter Townsend Barlow (July 21, 1857 -- May 9, 1921) was an American jurist who served as a New York City Magistrate for nearly two decades.	Peter Townsend Barlow	New York City
place of birth	Adham Sharara (born Cairo 24 March 1953) is a Canadian sports official.	Adham Sharara	Cairo
place of birth	David Herbert Donald was born in Goodman, Mississippi, a town in the center of Holmes County.	David Herbert Donald	Goodman, Mississippi
place of birth	Michael Möllenbeck (born December 12, 1969 in Wesel, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German discus thrower.	Michael Möllenbeck	Wesel
place of birth	Benjamin Osgood Peirce (11 February 1854 Beverly, Massachusetts, USA -- 14 January 1914 Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA) was an American mathematician and a holder of the Hollis Chair of Mathematics and Natural Philosophy at Harvard from 1888 until his death in 1914.	Benjamin Osgood Peirce	Beverly
place of birth	Alex Nowrasteh was born and raised in Southern California to Cyrus Nowrasteh (a filmmaker, famous for the Path to 9/11 miniseries) and his wife Betsy Giffen Nowrasteh (who has collaborated with Cyrus on some of his film projects).	Alex Nowrasteh	California
place of birth	Josef Wenzl (born December 20, 1984 in Zwiesel) is a German cross country skier who has competed since 2002.	Josef Wenzl	Zwiesel
place of birth	N. K. Jemisin was born in Iowa City, Iowa, and grew up in New York City and Mobile, Alabama.	N. K. Jemisin	Iowa City
place of birth	Eric Asimov (born July 17, 1957) is an American wine critic and food critic for The New York Times.	Eric Asimov	New York
place of birth	Samuel Asamoah (born 23 March 1994 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer who is currently playing for OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League, on loan from Eupen.	Samuel Asamoah	Accra
place of birth	Alejandro Brodersohn (born in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine film editor.	Alejandro Brodersohn	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Mayor Mike Harcourt of Vancouver declared 3 February 1984 ``Dal Richards' Day''.	Dal Richards	Vancouver
place of birth	Tomáš Mikinič (born 22 November 1992) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Podbrezová, on loan from Spartak Trnava, as a winger.	Tomáš Mikinič	Trnava
place of birth	Born in Rome, Paola Senatore was as an actress who worked in Italian genre films during the 1970s, including poliziotteschi, commedia sexy all'italiana and giallo films.	Paola Senatore	Rome
place of birth	Nicolas Beaudan (born December 13, 1975, in Clermont-Ferrand) is a French foil fencer.	Nicolas Beaudan	Clermont-Ferrand
place of birth	George Arthur Forrest was born in 1940 in Lubumbashi in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	George Arthur Forrest	Lubumbashi
place of birth	Petr Borkovec (April 17, 1970, Louňovice pod Blaníkem) is a Czech poet, translator and journalist.	Petr Borkovec	Louňovice pod Blaníkem
place of birth	Dawid Kubacki (born 12 March 1990 in Nowy Targ) is a Polish ski jumper, a member of the national team, a participant of the Olympic Games Sochi 2014, bronze medalist in team at World Championships 2013.	Dawid Kubacki	Nowy Targ
place of birth	Amand Theis (born 19 November 1949 in Hellenhahn-Schellenberg) is a retired German footballer who made a total of 296 appearances in the Fußball-Bundesliga during his playing career.	Amand Theis	Hellenhahn-Schellenberg
place of birth	Stephan Tanneberger was born in 1935 in Chemnitz and enrolled in medicine and chemistry at the University of Leipzig in 1954, where he obtained his Ph.D. in 1961 and his M.D. in 1964 as well as his Habilitation in 1970.	Stephan Tanneberger	Chemnitz
place of birth	Maggi Parker is an American actress, born in Nashua, New Hampshire.	Maggi Parker	Nashua
place of birth	Michele Parrinello (born 7 September 1945, Messina) is an Italian physicist particularly known for his work in molecular dynamics (the computer simulation of physical movements of atoms and molecules).	Michele Parrinello	Messina
place of birth	Frank McLardy was born at 8 Sweden Grove, Waterloo, Merseyside in 1915, the eldest son of a draper, George McLardy and his wife Mary, née Wood.	Frank McLardy	Waterloo, Merseyside
place of birth	Ni Haifeng (born 1964) in Zhoushan, China, is an installation artist.	Ni Haifeng	Zhoushan
place of birth	Joe Melia (23 January 1935, Islington -- 20 October 2012, Stratford on Avon) was a British actor.	Joe Melia	Islington
place of birth	Janine Kunze (20 March 1974 in Cologne) is a German actress and presenter.	Janine Kunze	Cologne
place of birth	Józef Dwernicki (March 19, 1779 in Warsaw -- November 23, 1857 in Lopatyn near Lwów) was a General of Cavalry in the Polish Army, and a participant in the November Uprising (1830--1831).	Józef Dwernicki	Warsaw
place of birth	Yves Apollinaire Pede (born 1959 in Abomey) is a Beninois Vodou artist.	Yves Apollinaire Pede	Abomey
place of birth	Rumen Popov (Bulgarian: Румен Попов) (born 21 May 1983 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian football player.	Rumen Popov	Plovdiv
place of birth	Teresa Procaccini (born 23 March 1934 in Cerignola) is an Italian composer and music educator.	Teresa Procaccini	Cerignola
place of birth	Laurent Chalet (12 December 1969 in Limoges, Haute-Vienne) is a French Director of Photography who has made his career in both the fiction and documentary realms.	Laurent Chalet	Limoges
place of birth	Inspector-General Belgrave Ninnis CVO (1 September 1837 -- 18 June 1922) was a Royal Navy surgeon, surveyor, Arctic explorer, and leading Freemason, from London.	Belgrave Ninnis	London
place of birth	Sven Robert Morgan Alling (born Persson: 8 June 1968 in Mölndal) is a Swedish actor, screenwriter and film and theatre director.	Morgan Alling	Mölndal
place of birth	Fulvio Bacchelli (born 22 January 1951 in Trieste) is a former Italian rally driver, who won Rally New Zealand in 1977, a round of the World Rally Championship.	Fulvio Bacchelli	Trieste
place of birth	Rasul Makasharipov was a native of Dagestan's south-western Tsumadinsky District, bordering Chechnya and inhabited by Caucasian Avars.	Rasul Makasharipov	Tsumadinsky District
place of birth	Taťána Kocembová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtacaːna ˈkotsembovaː); born 2 May 1962 in Ostrava) is a retired 400 metres runner who represented Czechoslovakia.	Taťána Kocembová	Ostrava
place of birth	Otto Weidt was born on 2 May 1883 to Max Weidt and Auguste Weidt, née Grell, in Rostock.	Otto Weidt	Rostock
place of birth	David Mitton was born in Preston, East Lothian and educated at Strathallan School in Perthshire.	David Mitton	Preston, East Lothian
place of birth	James McKeen Cattell (May 25, 1860 -- January 20, 1944), American psychologist, was the first professor of psychology in the United States at the University of Pennsylvania and long-time editor and publisher of scientific journals and publications, most notably the journal Science.	James McKeen Cattell	Pennsylvania
place of birth	Geert Omloop (born 12 February 1974) is a Belgian professional road racing cyclist who was born in Herentals.	Geert Omloop	Herentals
place of birth	While attending Wilson High School in Tacoma, Marcus Trufant lettered in three varsity sports: football, basketball and track, capturing ninth at the State track meet in triple jump, with a leap of 14.50 meters.	Marcus Trufant	Tacoma
place of birth	Leo Steinberg was born in Moscow, Russia, the son of Isaac Nachman Steinberg, a lawyer, member of the Socialist Revolutionary Party in revolutionary Russia, and Commissar of Justice under Vladimir Lenin from 1917 to 1918.	Leo Steinberg	Moscow
place of birth	Kai Holst was born and grew up in the town of Lillehammer.	Kai Holst	Lillehammer
place of birth	Steve Christoff grew up in Richfield, Minnesota and graduated from Richfield High School.	Steve Christoff	Richfield
place of birth	Mijat Marić (born 30 April 1984 in Minusio) is a Swiss footballer of Croatian descent, who currently plays for Belgian Pro League club Lokeren.	Mijat Marić	Minusio
place of birth	David Larsen (born April 23, 1980) is an American stage actor from Portland, Oregon.	David Larsen	Portland
place of birth	Andrei Yevgenyevich Smirnov (Russian: Андрей Евгеньевич Смирнов; born 12 June 1980 in Navoloki, Ivanovo Oblast) is a former Russian professional football player.	Andrei Yevgenyevich Smirnov	Navoloki
place of birth	Aliza Olmert was born in a displaced persons camp in Eschwege, Germany.	Aliza Olmert	Eschwege
place of birth	Nikolaus Ehlen (born 9 December 1886 in Graach an der Mosel, died 18 October 1965 in Velbert) was a German pacifist teacher.	Nikolaus Ehlen	Graach an der Mosel
place of birth	Jonis Agee (born 31 May 1943 in Omaha, Nebraska) is a writer of short stories, novels, essays, and screenplays.	Jonis Agee	Omaha
place of birth	Wang Hanlin (Chinese: 王翰林; born 11 November 1989 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player.	Wang Hanlin	Dalian
place of birth	Govind Nihalani (born 19 December 1940 in Karachi) is an Indian film director, cinematographer, screenwriter and producer, known for his works in Hindi cinema.	Govind Nihalani	Karachi
place of birth	Born as Julie Wolf(f) to a middle-class Jewish family, she later styled herself as Julie Wolfthorn after her city of birth Toruń.	Julie Wolfthorn	Toruń
place of birth	Eric Halfvarson (Aurora, Illinois December 1, 1951) is an American operatic basso.	Eric Halfvarson	Aurora
place of birth	Born in Mogi das Cruzes, Anderson Marques come through the youth system of Grêmio.	Anderson Marques	Mogi das Cruzes
place of birth	Harshika Poonacha was born in Ammathi, a small village in Kodagu district of Karnataka as the only daughter to her parents.	Harshika Poonacha	Kodagu district
place of birth	Yampier Hernández Gonzales (born 30 August 1984 in Havana) is a Cuban boxer who has qualified for the 2008 Olympics at junior flyweight.	Yampier Hernández	Havana
place of birth	Harold Bestwick was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Derby County.	Harold Bestwick	Derby
place of birth	Paul Carl Beiersdorf (26 March 1836 -- 17 December 1896) was a German pharmacist from Neuruppin, Brandenburg.	Paul Carl Beiersdorf	Neuruppin
place of birth	Pape Omar Faye (born 1 January 1987 in Louga) is a Senegalese football striker, who is playing for Thanh Hóa F.C. in the Vietnamese V-League.	Pape Omar Faye	Louga
place of birth	Pandit Todarmal (1719--1766) was an eminent Indian scholar of Jainism and writer in Jaipur.	Pandit Todarmal	Jaipur
place of birth	Selim Soydan (born 1941 in Şişli, İstanbul) was a Turkish football player of rivals Beşiktaş J.K. and Fenerbahçe.	Selim Soydan	Şişli
place of birth	Julia Watson was born on 13 September 1953 in Maesteg and brought up in the Derby area.	Julia Watson	Maesteg
place of birth	Jörg Pilawa (born 7 September 1965, in Hamburg) is a German television presenter.	Jörg Pilawa	Hamburg
place of birth	The Ali Mohsen Al-Moraisi Tournament has been played annually in his honour since 1992, in cooperation with Aden Football Association.	Ali Mohsen	Aden
place of birth	In the course of the exchange, Moritz von Leonhardi had brought ethnographic, zoologic and botanic objects to Europe and gave them to several museums, especially the Museum for Ethnology in Frankfurt am Main (today the Museum of World Cultures) as well as the Senckenberg Research Institute.	Moritz von Leonhardi	Frankfurt
place of birth	Jason Chatfield (born Perth, 1984-) is an Australian editorial and comic strip cartoonist and stand-up comedian, based in New York.	Jason Chatfield	Perth
place of birth	Joey Bragg (born July 20, 1996), is an American actor and comedian from the San Francisco Bay Area.	Joey Bragg	San Francisco
place of birth	Meredith Ann Pierce (born July 5, 1958 in Seattle, Washington) is a fantasy writer and librarian.	Meredith Ann Pierce	Seattle
place of birth	Born in Leicester and educated at Stoneygate House School in Leicester, Alfred Herbert became an apprentice at Joseph Jessop & Sons, crane builders in 1884.	Alfred Herbert	Leicester
place of birth	Mikael Bodlore-Penlaez (born 1975, Brest) is a Breton author and cartographer.	Mikael Bodlore-Penlaez	Brest
place of birth	Volodymyr Ferents (Ukrainian: Володимир Ферентц) was born on 12 July 1984 in Lviv, Ukraine) and is a Ukrainian football defender.	Volodymyr Ferents	Lviv
place of birth	Miriam Raquel Hernández Navarro (born May 2, 1965 in Ñuñoa, Santiago), popularly known as Myriam Hernández, is a Chilean singer-songwriter and television presenter.	Myriam Hernández	Ñuñoa
place of birth	Pamela Brooks (born 11 February 1966 in Essex, England) is a British writer of non-fiction books, she also writes romance novels under the pseudonym of Kate Hardy, and erotic novels as Lucinda Chester, Evelyn D'Arcy, Chelsea Miller and Pamela Rochford.	Pamela Brooks	Essex
place of birth	Claudio Sorrentino (born 18 July 1945 in Rome) is an Italian actor and voice actor.	Claudio Sorrentino	Rome
place of birth	Tyrone José González Oramas (March 11, 1988 -- January 20, 2015) known by his stage name Canserbero, was a Venezuelan hip hop singer-songwriter originally from Caracas.	Canserbero	Caracas
place of birth	Aaron Norris (born November 23, 1951 in Gardena, California) is an American film producer, director, and actor.	Aaron Norris	Gardena
place of birth	Jane Grant was born Jeanette Cole Grant in Joplin, Missouri, and grew up and went to school in Girard, Kansas.	Jane Grant	Joplin
place of birth	Greg Owens (born 27 January 1981 in Bathurst, New South Wales) is an Australian footballer who plays for Bankstown City Lions in the NSW Premier League.	Greg Owens	Bathurst
place of birth	Anne Hegerty was born in 1958 in the City of Westminster, London, to Kenneth and Shirley Brereton Hegerty (née Smith; 1924--1993).	Anne Hegerty	London
place of birth	Ernesto Padilla (born in 1972 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban-American artist, graphic designer and cigar maker.	Ernesto Padilla	Havana
place of birth	Hamad Ganayem (Arabic: حمد غنايم‎, Hebrew: חמד גנאים‎; born 8 July 1987) is an Arab-Israeli professional football (soccer) player who plays for Bnei Sakhnin.	Hamad Ganayem	Sakhnin
place of birth	Carlos Vilar Castex (9 June 1930, Buenos Aires -- 15 February 2014) was an Argentinian sailor gold medallist in the Pan American Games and the Snipe World Championships.	Carlos Vilar	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Kristina Oblasova (Russian: Кристина Обласова, born 11 September 1984 in Moscow) is a retired Russian figure skater.	Kristina Oblasova	Moscow
place of birth	L Peter Deutsch or Peter Deutsch (born Laurence Peter Deutsch, August 7, 1946 in Boston, Massachusetts) is the founder of Aladdin Enterprises and creator of Ghostscript, a free software PostScript and PDF interpreter.	L Peter Deutsch	Boston
place of birth	Helen Blakeman (born 1971) is a British playwright and screenwriter from Liverpool.	Helen Blakeman	Liverpool
place of birth	Cheryl Bentyne (born January 17, 1954 in Mount Vernon, Washington) is a Grammy-winning singer best known as a member of the vocal quartet The Manhattan Transfer.	Cheryl Bentyne	Mount Vernon
place of birth	Andreas Syngros (Greek: Ανδρέας Συγγρός; October 12, 1830 -- February 13, 1899) was a Greek banker from Istanbul, at the time known internationally as Constantinople, and a philanthropist.	Andreas Syngros	Constantinople
place of birth	Jack Hillman was born in Tavistock, Devon, but it was in Lancashire that he made his reputation.	Jack Hillman	Tavistock
place of birth	Niels Oude Kamphuis (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈnils ˈʌu.də ˈkɑmp.ˌɦœy̯s)) (born 14 November 1977, in Hengelo) is a retired Dutch footballer.	Niels Oude Kamphuis	Hengelo
place of birth	A member of the House of Wittelsbach, Ludwig Anton von Pfalz-Neuburg was born in Düsseldorf on 9 June 1660.	Ludwig Anton von Pfalz-Neuburg	Düsseldorf
place of birth	Per Albin Hansson was born in Kulladal, a neighborhood in Malmö, Sweden on 28 October 1885.	Per Albin Hansson	Malmö
place of birth	Marc Blume (born 28 December 1973 in Lüdinghausen) is a German sprinter who specialised in the 100 metres.	Marc Blume	Lüdinghausen
place of birth	Johnny Micheal Spann was from the small town of Winfield, Alabama, the son of a real estate agent and his wife.	Johnny Micheal Spann	Winfield
place of birth	Rhonda Britten (born Rhonda Wiitanen, December 1, 1960 in Two Harbors, Minnesota) is the founder of the Fearless Living Institute, an inspirational and life-changing speaker, bestselling author and actress.	Rhonda Britten	Two Harbors
place of birth	Bryce Davison (born January 29, 1986 in Walnut Creek, California) is an American-Canadian pair skater.	Bryce Davison	Walnut Creek
place of birth	Alois Hudal was born on 31 May 1885, the son of a shoemaker in the Austrian city of Graz, where he studied theology from 1904 through 1908.	Alois Hudal	Graz
place of birth	Franciszek Pius Radziwiłł (1 February 1878 in Rome -- 1 December 1944) was a Polish noble (prince) and political acitvist.	Franciszek Pius Radziwiłł	Rome
place of birth	Vahan Artsruni (born December 5, 1965, Yerevan) is a modern Armenian rock musician, singer, composer and artist.	Vahan Artsruni	Yerevan
place of birth	Stephan Hennen (born 9 January 1990 in Duisburg) is a German footballer who plays as a Defender for FSV Duisburg.	Stephan Hennen	Duisburg
place of birth	Johannes Klumpp (born 17 December 1980) is a German conductor born in Stuttgart.	Johannes Klumpp	Stuttgart
place of birth	Born in New York City, Al Hansen was a friend to Yoko Ono and John Cage.	Al Hansen	New York City
place of birth	Romilly James Heald Jenkins (Hitchin, Hertfordshire, 1907 -- 30 September 1969) was a British scholar in Byzantine and Modern Greek studies.	Romilly James Heald Jenkins	Hitchin
place of birth	George Rodrigue (March 13, 1944 -- December 14, 2013) was an American artist originally from New Iberia, Louisiana, who in the late 1960s began painting Louisiana landscapes, followed soon after by outdoor family gatherings and southwest Louisiana 19th century and early 20th century genre scenes.	George Rodrigue	New Iberia
place of birth	Marcus Ljungqvist (born October 26, 1974 in Falun) is a Swedish former professional road bicycle racer.	Marcus Ljungqvist	Falun
place of birth	Michael Hübner (born April 8, 1959 in Chemnitz) is a German former professional sprint track cyclist, who became world champion in sprint, Keirin and team sprint.	Michael Hübner	Chemnitz
place of birth	The Daoguang Emperor was born in the Forbidden City, Beijing, and was given the name Mianning (绵宁; 綿寧; Miánníng; Mien-ning).	Daoguang Emperor	Forbidden City
place of birth	Oumar Ben Salah (born 2 July 1964 in Abidjan), is a former Ivorian international football Midfielder.	Oumar Ben Salah	Abidjan
place of birth	Simone Esposito (born May 24, 1990 in Turin) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for Pro Settimo in the Serie D.	Simone Esposito	Turin
place of birth	Martin Haselböck (born 23 November 1954 in Vienna) is the musical director of Musica Angelica in (Long Beach)), California, and the musical director and founder of the Orchester Wiener Akademie.	Martin Haselböck	Vienna
place of birth	Sofia Minson was born in Auckland, New Zealand and spent her childhood living in Samoa, New Zealand, China and Sri Lanka due to her father's engineering project management work.	Sofia Minson	Auckland
place of birth	Norman Bodell (born 29 January 1938 in Oldham, Lancashire) is an English former professional footballer, coach, manager and scout.	Norman Bodell	Oldham
place of birth	Herbert Ninaus (31 March 1937 in Voitsberg - 24 April 2015) was an Austrian-Australian international Football player and manager.	Herbert Ninaus	Voitsberg
place of birth	Rudolph Arnold Maas Geesteranus, born 20 January 1911 in The Hague, died May 18, 2003 in Oegstgeest, was a Dutch mycologist.	Rudolph Arnold Maas Geesteranus	The Hague
place of birth	Lorenzo Canozzi or Canozio (1425--1477), also called Lorenzo da Lendinara, was an Italian painter of the Renaissance.	Lorenzo Canozzi	Lendinara
place of birth	Crystal Renn (born June 18, 1986 in Miami, Florida) is an American fashion model and author.	Crystal Renn	Miami
place of birth	Justin Hines is a Canadian singer-songwriter who was born in Newmarket, Ontario.	Justin Hines	Newmarket
place of birth	Angiolo Profeti (Castelfiorentino, 23 May 1918 -- Ferrara, 1981), was an Italian shot putter and discus thrower.	Angiolo Profeti	Castelfiorentino
place of birth	Mark Damon Espinoza (born in Beaumont, Texas) played ``Jesse Vasquez'' in the TV series Beverly Hills, 90210 from 1993 to 1995.	Mark Damon Espinoza	Beaumont
place of birth	Sabina Grzimek (born 12 November 1942 in Rome; also spelled Sabine) is a German sculptor.	Sabina Grzimek	Rome
place of birth	Jonathan Duhamel (born August 24, 1987) is a Canadian poker professional from Boucherville, Quebec, best known as the winner of the Main Event at the 2010 World Series of Poker (WSOP).	Jonathan Duhamel	Boucherville
place of birth	Johnathan Aparecido da Silva, commonly known as Johnathan (born 29 March 1990 in Fernandópolis) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for South Korean side Daegu FC.	Johnathan Aparecido da Silva	Fernandópolis
place of birth	Caddy Adzuba, (born 5 April 1981 Bukavu), is a Congolese Lawyer and journalist, and activist for women's rights.	Caddy Adzuba	Bukavu
place of birth	Daniel Lothrop was born in Rochester, Strafford County, New Hampshire, August 11, 1831, son of Daniel and Sophia (Home) Lothrop, the youngest of three brothers.	Daniel Lothrop	Rochester
place of birth	Roderich Menzel was born in Reichenberg (Czech: Liberec), Bohemia, an advanced industrial city of Austria-Hungary Empire.	Roderich Menzel	Liberec
place of birth	Born in Bukavu, Sud-Kivu, on March 4, 1959, Vital Kamerhe Lwa Kanyiginyi Nkingi is the son of Constantin Kamerhe Kanyginyi and Alphonsine Mwa Nkingi.	Vital Kamerhe	Bukavu
place of birth	Anca Măroiu (née Băcioiu, born August 5, 1983 in Craiova) is a Romanian épée fencer.	Anca Măroiu	Craiova
place of birth	Pavel Kravař was probably a native of Kravaře, Opava District, Silesia, now part of the Czech Republic.	Pavel Kravař	Kravaře
place of birth	Jason Canela (born April 25, 1992 in Miami, Florida) is an American actor of Cuban descent, best known for his roles in telenovelas.	Jason Canela	Miami
place of birth	Marilou Awiakta (born January 24, 1936, Knoxville, Tennessee) is an Eastern Band Cherokee author.	Marilou Awiakta	Knoxville
place of birth	Leonardo Vaca Gutiérrez (born November 24, 1995, in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a Bolivian football striker currently playing for Blooming in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.	Leonardo Vaca	Santa Cruz
place of birth	Andrew Barisic (Croatian: Andrew Barisić; born 22 March 1986 in Canberra, ACT) is a Croatian Australian footballer who plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Eastern.	Andrew Barisic	Canberra
place of birth	William Case (August 10, 1818 -- April 19, 1862) was an American politician of the Republican party and served as the 12th mayor of Cleveland, Ohio from 1850 and 1851.	William Case	Cleveland
place of birth	Born in Berkeley, California, Alvarez is the son of Luis Walter Alvarez, a Nobel prize-winner in physics.	Walter Alvarez	Berkeley, California
place of birth	Thaïs apparently came from Athens and accompanied Alexander throughout his campaign in Asia Minor.	Thaïs	Athens
place of birth	Milad Salem Fakhri (Persian: میلاد سالم‎‎) (born 3 March 1988 in Kabul) is an Afghan footballer who currently plays for Holstein Kiel.	Milad Salem	Kabul
place of birth	George Lemuel Woods was born July 30, 1832 in Boone County, Missouri, the second of four boys born to Caleb Woods and the former Margaret McBride.	George Lemuel Woods	Boone County
place of birth	Hussein Dakik (born 10 November 1988) in Lebanon is a Lebanese football (soccer) player who plays as a Midfielder.	Hussein Dakik	Lebanon
place of birth	John Relish (born 5 October 1953 in Huyton, Lancashire) is an English football manager and former player, who previously managed Conference South side Bath City before moving aside to develop a football academy at the club in October 2008.	John Relish	Huyton
place of birth	Christine Berrie is a Scottish illustrator and artist based in Glasgow.	Christine Berrie	Glasgow
place of birth	Joaquim Alberto Silva (born 4 March 1974 in Luanda), known as Quinzinho, is an Angolan retired footballer who played as a striker.	Joaquim Alberto Silva	Luanda
place of birth	Reinhard Süring (15 May 1866 - 29 December 1950) was a German meteorologist who was a native of Hamburg.	Reinhard Süring	Hamburg
place of birth	Simone Balli (born c. 1580 in Florence) was an Italian painter of the 17th century.	Simone Balli	Florence
place of birth	Phathizwe Sacolo (born 11 June 1991 in Johannesburg) is a professional football player for Ajax Cape Town.	Phathizwe Sacolo	Johannesburg
place of birth	John Ive Sulentic, also known as Ive Sulentic or Johnny Sulentic (born 24 December 1979 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a former Canadian professional soccer player who last played for Croatia SC and currently coaches the Under-12 team of Mountain WFC.	Ive Sulentic	Vancouver
place of birth	Jacob Stout (1764 -- November 1, 1855) was an American manufacturer and politician from Little Creek Hundred, in Kent County, Delaware.	Jacob Stout	Kent County
place of birth	Jair da Costa (born 9 July 1940 in Santo André, São Paulo) is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a right winger.	Jair da Costa	Santo André
place of birth	Melanie Marquez was born and grew-up in Mabalacat, Pampanga.	Melanie Marquez	Mabalacat
place of birth	Andriy Fedorenko (Ukrainian: Андрій Степанович Федоренко, born 9 January 1984 in Chernihiv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union), is a Ukrainian football player.	Andriy Fedorenko	Chernihiv
place of birth	Rodger Dean Duncan (born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is an American author and business consultant whose focus is leadership, human performance, and the strategic management of change.	Rodger Dean Duncan	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Romano Cagnoni (born in Pietrasanta, Italy) is an Italian photographer who spent most of his professional life based in London.	Romano Cagnoni	Pietrasanta
place of birth	František Bublan (born 13 January 1951 in Třebíč) is a former Czech dissident, in 2004 named Minister of the Interior for Stanislav Gross's Social Democratic Party government.	František Bublan	Třebíč
place of birth	Born Andre Johnson in Newark, New Jersey, Andre J. was raised by a single mother in a housing project called Academy Spires For several years in the early 2000s, he lived in Los Angeles, California.	Andre J.	Newark
place of birth	Laura Cepeda (Monterrey, México (born June 24, 1953) is a Spanish actress.	Laura Cepeda	Monterrey
place of birth	Petrus Gonsalvus (Pedro Gonzalez), referred to by Ulisse Aldrovandi as ``the man of the woods,'' was born in 1537 in Tenerife.	Petrus Gonsalvus	Tenerife
place of birth	Chip Tsao (born 17 August 1958), also known by his pen name To Kit, is a multilingual Hong Kong-based columnist, broadcaster, and writer.	Chip Tsao	Hong Kong
place of birth	Santiago Daniel Martinez Roa (born 16 August 1995 in Limpio) is an Paraguayn football player who plays for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga as a Midfielder.	Santiago Daniel Martinez Roa	Limpio
place of birth	Blake Gibbons (born June 21, 1961 in Kern County, California) is an American actor with a recurring role as Coleman on the long running Daytime television serial General Hospital.	Blake Gibbons	Kern County
place of birth	Barbara Albert (born 1970 in Vienna) is an Austrian writer, film-producer and film-director.	Barbara Albert	Vienna
place of birth	Sextus Afranius Burrus (born AD 1 in Vasio, Gallia Narbonensis; died AD 62) was a prefect of the Praetorian Guard and was, together with Seneca the Younger, an advisor to the Roman emperor Nero, making him a very powerful man in the early years of Nero's reign.	Sextus Afranius Burrus	Gallia Narbonensis
place of birth	Pushpa Basnet (Nepali: पुष्पा बस्नेत ) is a social worker and the Founder/President of Early Childhood Development Center (ECDC) and Butterfly Home, non-profit organizations, in Kathmandu, Nepal.	Pushpa Basnet	Kathmandu
place of birth	Irmgard Möller (also spelled Irmgard Moeller) (born 13 May 1947, Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a former German militant and was a member of the Red Army Faction (RAF).	Irmgard Möller	Bielefeld
place of birth	Maria Farantouri or Farandouri (Greek: Μαρία Φαραντούρη; born 28 November 1947 in Athens) is a Greek singer and also a political and cultural activist.	Maria Farantouri	Athens
place of birth	Sajjad Barzi (Persian: سجاد برزی‎; born March 5, 1981 in Tehran) is a retired amateur Iranian Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed in the men's super heavyweight category.	Sajjad Barzi	Tehran
place of birth	Daisy Curwen (born 6 December 1889 in Liverpool, Merseyside; details of death unknown) is a former British swimmer is a former world record holder in the 100 m freestyle.	Daisy Curwen	Liverpool
place of birth	Johann Dominicus Fiorillo (13 October 1748 -- 10 September 1821) was a German painter and historian of art. Fiorillo, a son of Italian composer Ignazio Fiorillo, was born at Hamburg.	Johann Dominicus Fiorillo	Hamburg
place of birth	Jim Corcoran (born 10 February 1949 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a Canadian (Quebecois) singer-songwriter and broadcaster.	Jim Corcoran	Sherbrooke
place of birth	Vesna Trivalić (Serbian Cyrillic: Весна Тривалић, born on 13 March 1965 in Belgrade) is a famous Serbian actress.	Vesna Trivalić	Belgrade
place of birth	Jean-Jacques Kodjo, a.k.a. Zoxea, was born on November 11, 1974 in Sèvres, Hauts-de-Seine.	Zoxea	Sèvres
place of birth	Patterk Netser (born in Coral Harbour, Nunavut) is a Canadian politician, who was the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Nanulik in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut from 2004 to 2008.	Patterk Netser	Coral Harbour
place of birth	Martin Lopez (born May 20, 1978 in Stockholm) is a Swedish-Uruguayan drummer, currently a member and co-founder of progressive metal supergroup Soen, but is best known as the ex-drummer of Swedish progressive death metal band Opeth and melodic death metal band Amon Amarth.	Martin Lopez	Stockholm
place of birth	Janaka Stucky (born Jonathan Stucky, March 23, 1978) is an American poet, performer, independent-press publisher, and impresario, based in Boston, Massachusetts.	Janaka Stucky	Boston
place of birth	Jaime Lyn Bauer (born Norma Marvhne Bauer on March 9, 1949 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American soap opera actress.	Jaime Lyn Bauer	Phoenix
place of birth	Mohamed Charfi (11 October 1936 in Sfax -- 8 June 2008) was a well-known academic and politician.	Mohamed Charfi	Sfax
place of birth	Scottie Pippen was born on September 25, 1965, in Hamburg, Arkansas, the youngest of 12 children born to Ethel and Preston Pippen (June 9, 1920 -- May 10, 1990).	Scottie Pippen	Hamburg
place of birth	Zbigniew Preisner was born in Bielsko-Biała, and studied history and philosophy in Kraków.	Zbigniew Preisner	Bielsko-Biała
place of birth	Markus Haris Maulana or Muhammad Haris Maulana (born Markus Horison Ririhina on 14 March 1981 in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSM Makassar in the Indonesian Premier League.	Markus Haris Maulana	Pangkalan Brandan
place of birth	Martin Hairer FRS (born 14 November 1975 in Geneva) is an Austrian mathematician working in the field of stochastic analysis, in particular stochastic partial differential equations.	Martin Hairer	Geneva
place of birth	Kayode Maria Söderberg Shekoni (born 17 April 1964, in Järfälla Municipality), better known as Kayo Shekoni, or just Kayo, is a Swedish pop/dance singer, TV personality and actress of Nigerian descent.	Kayo Shekoni	Järfälla Municipality
place of birth	Paul Hartnoll (born 19 May 1968, Dartford, Kent, England, and grew up in Sevenoaks) is one of two brothers (the other being Phil Hartnoll), who make up the electronic dance act Orbital.	Paul Hartnoll	Dartford
place of birth	Francesco Guicciardini was born 6 March 1483 in Florence, now in Italy; he was the third of eleven children of Piero di Iacopo Guicciardini and Simona di Bongianni Gianfigliazzi.	Francesco Guicciardini	Florence
place of birth	Bingen Fernández Bustinza (born December 15, 1972 in Bermeo, Basque Country) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer, who last rode for Cofidis.	Bingen Fernández	Bermeo
place of birth	Miranda Hill (Wisbech 1836--1910) was an English social reformer.	Miranda Hill	Wisbech
place of birth	Born in Zagreb on 28 August 1924, Berislav Klobučar was a student of the Croatian conductor Lovro von Matačić.	Berislav Klobučar	Zagreb
place of birth	Siri Hustvedt attended public school in her hometown Northfield, Minnesota and received a degree from the Cathedral School in Bergen, Norway, in 1973.	Siri Hustvedt	Northfield
place of birth	Gustavo Uruguay Graffigna also known as Uri Banhoffer (born January 14, 1948 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer who played for clubs in Uruguay, Chile, the Netherlands and the United States.	Uruguay Graffigna	Montevideo
place of birth	Rajiv Joseph was born and raised in Cleveland, Ohio; his mother is Euroamerican of French and German ancestry and his father is of Indian ancestry and immigrated to the States from India.	Rajiv Joseph	Cleveland
place of birth	John of la Rochelle, O.F.M. (also known as Jean de La Rochelle, John of Rupella, and Johannes de Rupella) (c. 1200 - 8 February 1245), was a French Franciscan and theologian.	John of la Rochelle	La Rochelle
place of birth	John Carter Cash owns and operates Cash Productions, LLC and the Cash Cabin Studio near Nashville, in Hendersonville, Tennessee.	John Carter Cash	Nashville
place of birth	Borna Sosa (born 21 January 1998) is a Croatian footballer playing for Dinamo Zagreb in Prva HNL as a left back.	Borna Sosa	Zagreb
place of birth	Eugenios Eugenidis was born in Didymoteicho, Thrace on 22 December 1882, the son of Agapios Eugenidis, a senior judge in the Ottoman Empire, and of Charikleia Afentaki.	Eugenios Eugenidis	Didymoteicho
place of birth	Adolf of Osnabrück, O.Cist (also known as Adolphus, Adolph, Adolf of Tecklenburg), was born in Tecklenburg about 1185, a member of the family of the Counts of Tecklenburg in the Duchy of Westphalia.	Adolf of Osnabrück	Tecklenburg
place of birth	Etsuro Sotoo (born 1953 in Fukuoka Prefecture) is a Japanese sculptor strongly influenced by Antoni Gaudí.	Etsuro Sotoo	Fukuoka
place of birth	Eva Leanza Cornett (born June 10, 1971 in Big Stone Gap, Virginia; raised in Jacksonville, Florida) is an American television personality and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Florida in 1992 and Miss America in 1993.	Leanza Cornett	Big Stone Gap
place of birth	Rebecca Blasband was born and raised in New Hope, Pennsylvania to a psychiatrist father and a German immigrant mother who runs an antique store in Philadelphia, to which her family moved to when Blasband was thirteen.	Rebecca Blasband	New Hope
place of birth	Jocelyne Labylle (born 1973 in Saint-Claude, Guadeloupe) is a Guadeloupean zouk musician.	Jocelyne Labylle	Saint-Claude
place of birth	Dale Steyn grew up in the small town of Phalaborwa on the border of the world-famous wildlife haven, the Kruger National Park.	Dale Steyn	Phalaborwa
place of birth	Anna Blyth (born 15 May 1988) is an English racing cyclist from Leeds.	Anna Blyth	Leeds
place of birth	Steven Severin (born Steven John Bailey, 25 September 1955, Highgate, London), is an English musician, composer, bassist and co-founding member of Siouxsie and the Banshees.	Steven Severin	London
place of birth	Anita Ekberg was born on 29 September, 1931, in Malmö, Skåne, the sixth of eight children of Gustav Fredrik Ekberg by the former Alva Maria Larsson.	Anita Ekberg	Malmö
place of birth	Roberto Vittori (born 15 October 1964 in Viterbo) is an Italian air force officer and an ESA astronaut.	Roberto Vittori	Viterbo
place of birth	Patri Friedman (born July 29, 1976 in Blacksburg, Virginia) is an American libertarian activist and theorist of political economy.	Patri Friedman	Blacksburg, Virginia
place of birth	Karen Robards (born August 24, 1954 in Louisville, Kentucky) is a best-selling author of over thirty romance novels.	Karen Robards	Louisville
place of birth	James Fearnley (born 9 October 1954, Worsley) is an English musician.	James Fearnley	Worsley
place of birth	Jovo Mišeljić (Serbian Cyrillic: Joвo Mишeљић ; born October 15, 1967 in Trebinje) is a Bosnian Serb former football player.	Jovo Mišeljić	Trebinje
place of birth	Ernst Haeckel was born on 16 February 1834, in Potsdam (then part of Prussia).	Ernst Haeckel	Potsdam
place of birth	Monty Don was born in Berlin, to British parents, Denis T. K. Don, a career soldier posted in Germany, and Janet Montagu (née Wyatt).	Monty Don	Berlin
place of birth	Frederick Howard Buller, an aeronautical engineer, was born in Vancouver, British Columbia on May 25, 1914.	Frederick Howard Buller	Vancouver
place of birth	Hongi Hika was born at Kaikohe into one of the chiefly families of the Ngāpuhi, being a son of rangatira Te Hotete.	Hongi Hika	Kaikohe
place of birth	Shane Brennan (born 1957, Bendigo, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian-born U.S.-based television writer and producer, best known as the executive producer of the American CBS drama NCIS, as well as the creator of the NCIS spin-off series, NCIS:	Shane Brennan	Bendigo
place of birth	Alan M. Kent (born 1967, St Austell, Cornwall) is a Cornish poet, dramatist, novelist, editor, academic and teacher.	Alan M. Kent	St Austell
place of birth	Israel Donalson was born February 2, 1767 at Hunterdon County, New Jersey, and soon was moved to Cumberland County, New Jersey.	Israel Donalson	Hunterdon County
place of birth	Francisco de Paula González Vigil was born into a family that was living in Tacna after migrating from the province.	Francisco de Paula González Vigil	Tacna
place of birth	Cornelio Sommaruga (born December 29, 1932 in Rome) is a prominent Swiss humanitarian, lawyer and diplomat who is best known for being President of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) from 1987 to 1999.	Cornelio Sommaruga	Rome
place of birth	Vija Celmins (pronounced VEE-ya SELL-muns) was born on October 25, 1938, in Riga, Latvia.	Vija Celmins	Riga
place of birth	David Dean Shulman (born January 13, 1949 in Waterloo, Iowa) is an Indologist and regarded as one of the world's foremost authorities on the languages of India.	David Dean Shulman	Waterloo
place of birth	Denys Vasin (Ukrainian: Денис Геннадійович Васін; born 4 March 1989 in Odessa, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football forward who played for Karpaty Lviv.	Denys Vasin	Odessa
place of birth	Robert de Wilde (born April 30, 1977 in Kampen) is a Dutch professional ``Mid/Current School'' Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer whose prime competitive years were from 1990--2003.	Robert de Wilde	Kampen
place of birth	Ana María Lazo, commonly known as Mimí Lazo, (born November 23, 1954 in Caracas) is a Venezuelan film, television and theatrical actress and producer.	Mimí Lazo	Caracas
place of birth	Giorgio Roselli (born October 1, 1957 in Montone) is an Italian professional football coach of Pavia and a former player.	Giorgio Roselli	Montone
place of birth	Gaspar de Crayer was born in Antwerp as the son of Gaspard de Crayer the Elder, a decorative painter, illuminator and art dealer.	Gaspar de Crayer	Antwerp
place of birth	Geoffrey Dernis (born December 24, 1980 in Grande-Synthe) is a French football midfielder who last played for AEL in the Greek Football League as a midfielder.	Geoffrey Dernis	Grande-Synthe
place of birth	Wilma Leona Jackson was born to Roy and Carrie (Furnas) Class in Union, Ohio in 1909.	Wilma Leona Jackson	Union
place of birth	Ursula Neugebauer (* 13 December 1960 in Hamm /Westfalen) is a German artist.	Ursula Neugebauer	Hamm
place of birth	Russell Johnston was born in Edinburgh and educated at Portree High School on the Isle of Skye.	Russell Johnston	Edinburgh
place of birth	Kamil Kopúnek started his career with his local club, Spartak Trnava.	Kamil Kopúnek	Trnava
place of birth	Sonny Red (December 17, 1932, in Detroit as Sylvester Kyner Jr. -- March 20, 1981) was an American jazz alto saxophonist associated with the hard bop idiom among other styles.	Sonny Red	Detroit
place of birth	David Fenech is a French composer, guitarist and singer born on 19 July 1969 in Saint-Cloud, Hauts-de-Seine.	David Fenech	Saint-Cloud
place of birth	Hermann Usener was born at Weilburg and educated at its Gymnasium.	Hermann Usener	Weilburg
place of birth	Dylan Keefe (born April 11, 1970 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is the bassist and one of the founding members of the multi-platinum selling alternative rock band Marcy Playground.	Dylan Keefe	Minneapolis
place of birth	A great-grandson of the 19th-century Archbishop of Sydney William Saumarez Smith and son of William Hanbury Saumarez Smith, a former Indian civil servant, Charles Saumarez Smith was born in an old rectory in the Wiltshire village of Redlynch, near Salisbury.	Charles Saumarez Smith	Redlynch
place of birth	Born in Montluçon, René Marx Dormoy (called Marx) attended local schools and became active in politics.	Marx Dormoy	Montluçon
place of birth	Venus Ramey (born September 26, 1924, Ashland, Kentucky) left Kentucky to work for the war effort in Washington, DC, and won the Miss District of Columbia pageant and then became Miss America in 1944.	Venus Ramey	Ashland
place of birth	Yuan Lin started his career at Guangzhou Apollo youth team at the age of 12, however he was unable to graduate into the senior team at the end of the 1996 league season.	Yuan Lin	Guangzhou
place of birth	Tomáš Zmoray (born 26 July 1989 in Banská Bystrica) is a Slovak ski jumper who has competed since 2005.	Tomáš Zmoray	Banská Bystrica
place of birth	Keshia Knight Pulliam was born in Newark, New Jersey, the daughter of Denise and James Pulliam, Sr., a manager.	Keshia Knight Pulliam	Newark
place of birth	Vincent Guignery (born 18 August 1978 in Sainte-Adresse, Seine-Maritime) is a retired French footballer who played as a left-back.	Vincent Guignery	Sainte-Adresse
place of birth	Stephanie Anne Mills (born March 7, 1979) is a Canadian voice actress from Edmonton, Alberta.	Stephanie Anne Mills	Edmonton
place of birth	John Burgoyne was born in Sutton, Bedfordshire, location of the Burgoyne baronets family home Sutton Manor, on 24 February 1722.	John Burgoyne	Sutton, Bedfordshire
place of birth	Lenny McLean was born into a large working-class family in Hoxton in the East End of London.	Lenny McLean	Hoxton
place of birth	Ludolph van Ceulen (, ; 28 January 1540 -- 31 December 1610) was a German-Dutch mathematician from Hildesheim.	Ludolph van Ceulen	Hildesheim
place of birth	Stuart Syvret is a political activist in Jersey.	Stuart Syvret	Jersey
place of birth	Bert Oosterbosch (born Eindhoven, July 30, 1957, died Lekkerkerk, August 18, 1989) was a Dutch racing cyclist.	Bert Oosterbosch	Eindhoven
place of birth	Susanna Kearsley (born in Brantford, Ontario) is a New York Times best selling Canadian novelist of historical fiction and mystery, as well as thrillers under the pen name Emma Cole.	Susanna Kearsley	Brantford
place of birth	Raised in Venice, Moony was first noticed singing in the Venetian club scene and was asked to provide vocals for a number of songs by DJ and producer Cristiano Spiller.	Moony	Venice
place of birth	Johnny Jack Nounes, also known as the ``Beau Brummell of Galveston'', was an organized crime boss in Galveston, Texas, United States, during the early 1900s.	Johnny Jack Nounes	Galveston
place of birth	Malachi Pearson is an American actor (born June 12, 1981, in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States).	Malachi Pearson	San Luis Obispo County
place of birth	Larisa Reisner was born in Lublin, Poland, into the family of Michael Andreevich Reisner, a law professor in Lublin, and Ekaterina Alexandrovna Khitrova.	Larisa Reisner	Lublin
place of birth	Ronald Goedemondt (Tegelen, 1975) is a Dutch comedian.	Ronald Goedemondt	Tegelen
place of birth	Lothar Popp was born 7 February 1887 in the small German town Furth im Wald as son of a lower public servant (royal Bavarian station master); he was Catholic by denomination but left church later.	Lothar Popp	Furth im Wald
place of birth	Utpal Dutt was born on March 29, 1929 in Hindu Kayastha family in Barisal.	Utpal Dutt	Barisal
place of birth	Simon Sheikh (born 1986 in Sydney) was the National Director of the Australian political organisation GetUp! from 2008 to 2012.	Simon Sheikh	Sydney
place of birth	Blessed John of Fermo, O.F.M., more often called John of La Verna, from his time spent on that mountain (1259 -- 10 August 1322) was an Italian Franciscan friar, who was a noted ascetic and preacher.	John of La Verna	Fermo
place of birth	Boško Buha was born into a Croatian Serb family in the Slavonian village of Gradina, near Virovitica in today's Croatia.	Boško Buha	Virovitica
place of birth	John Francis O'Driscoll (September 20, 1921 in Cork, Ireland -- March 11, 1988 in Swansea, Wales), commonly referred to as Jackie O'Driscoll, is a former Irish footballer who played as a winger for several teams in the League of Ireland.	Jackie O'Driscoll	Cork
place of birth	Morhad Amdouni (born 21 January 1988 in Porto-Vecchio) is a French middle- and long-distance runner.	Morhad Amdouni	Porto-Vecchio
place of birth	Dimitar Andonov was born in 1871 in Stara Zagora, then part of the Ottoman Empire.	Dimitar Andonov	Stara Zagora
place of birth	Thomas Joseph Hutchinson (1820--85) was an Anglo-Irish explorer, born at Stonyford County Kilkenny Ireland.	Thomas Joseph Hutchinson	Ireland
place of birth	Joseph Wayne McVey (born January 19, 1977), better known by his stage names Z-Ro and The Mo City Don, is an American rapper from Houston, Texas.	Z-Ro	Houston
place of birth	Charlie Newman (28 February 1857 -- 28 September 1922) was a Welsh international three-quarter who played club rugby for Newport.	Charlie Newman	Newport
place of birth	Johann Friedrich Anthing was born on 26 May 1753 in Gotha (then in the Saxe-Coburg Duchy, now in Thuringia).	Johann Friedrich Anthing	Gotha
place of birth	Catherine Bruhier was born in Belize, Central America (formerly British Honduras).	Catherine Bruhier	Belize
place of birth	Mark Collicott is an English film director and writer from Wadebridge, Cornwall.	Mark Collicott	Cornwall
place of birth	Antoni Aleksander Iliński was born in the town of Žilina (Ilina), in Hungary.	Antoni Aleksander Iliński	Žilina
place of birth	Uwe Wassmer (born January 22, 1966 in Wehr, Baden-Württemberg) is a German former footballer who played as a striker during the 1980s and 1990s.	Uwe Wassmer	Wehr
place of birth	Cansu Dere (Turkish pronunciation: (dʒanˈsu deˈɾe)) (born on October 14, 1980 in Ankara) is a Turkish film and television actress, model, and beauty pageant runner-up .	Cansu Dere	Ankara
place of birth	A London native with ancestry from India and Greece, Kavita Channe moved to South Florida at the age of 5 with her parents and 2 sisters.	Kavita Channe	London
place of birth	Irene Montalà is a Spanish actress born in the district of Nou Barris from Barcelona.	Irene Montalà	Barcelona
place of birth	Richard Bitner (born 1966 in Los Angeles) is an American author and publisher in the mortgage loan industry.	Richard Bitner	Los Angeles
place of birth	Jacqueline Rouvier (born 26 October 1949 in Notre-Dame-de-Bellecombe) is a French alpine ski racer.	Jacqueline Rouvier	Notre-Dame-de-Bellecombe
place of birth	Ruggero Luigi Emidio Antici Mattei (March 23, 1811, Recanati, Marche -- April 21, 1883) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Ruggero Luigi Emidio Antici Mattei	Recanati
place of birth	Donna Deitch (born June 8, 1945 in San Francisco, California) is an American film and television director best known for her 1986 film Desert Hearts.	Donna Deitch	San Francisco
place of birth	Charles Bécart de Granville et de Fonville (bapt. May 31, 1675 -- January 2, 1703) was a king's attorney, draughtsman, and cartographer at Quebec City.	Charles Bécart de Granville et de Fonville	Quebec City
place of birth	Morehead was born in Flintstone, Taylor County, Georgia on August 7, 1909 to Albert Hodges Morehead I (1854--1922) and Bianca Noa (1874--1945).	Albert Hodges Morehead	Taylor County
place of birth	Laurenţiu Florin Popete (born 27 December 1977, Târgu-Jiu) is a Romanian professional football player, currently a free agent.	Florin Popete	Târgu-Jiu
place of birth	Lorenza Bonaccorsi (born July 20, 1968 in Rome), she is graduated in Economic History at the University of Milan.	Lorenza Bonaccorsi	Rome
place of birth	Kisha Ford (born April 4, 1975 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a former WNBA player for the New York Liberty, Orlando Miracle, and the Miami Sol. She played college basketball at Georgia Tech, where she was the all-time leading scorer in team history.	Kisha Ford	Baltimore
place of birth	Boy van Poppel (born 18 January 1988 in Utrecht) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist.	Boy van Poppel	Utrecht
place of birth	Katie Rees (born Katherine Nicole Rees on August 11, 1984 in St. Petersburg, Florida) is a former beauty queen from the United States who was crowned Miss Nevada USA 2007.	Katie Rees	St. Petersburg
place of birth	Constantine Gregory (born Constantine Liebert or Leebaert, September 16, 1942 in New York City) is an American actor and dialect coach.	Constantine Gregory	New York City
place of birth	Pierius was a Christian priest and probably head of the Catechetical School of Alexandria, conjointly with Achillas.	Pierius	Alexandria
place of birth	Lorenzo Sebastiani (born 28 September 1988 - dead 6 April 2009) was an Italian rugby union player who played prop for L'Aquila Rugby.	Lorenzo Sebastiani	L'Aquila
place of birth	Evelina Papantoniou, (Greek: Εβελίνα Παπαντωνίου) born June 7, 1979 in Athens, is a Greek fashion model and actress.	Evelina Papantoniou	Athens
place of birth	Arvydas Janonis (Kėdainiai, 6 November 1960) is a former Lithuanian footballer.	Arvydas Janonis	Kėdainiai
place of birth	Wilhelm Theodor Schiefler was born on March 5, 1828 in Hanover, as the son of the chamber auditor August Schiefler and his wife, born Tovothe.	Wilhelm Theodor Schiefler	Hanover
place of birth	Jan Kucharzewski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjan kuxaˈʐɛfskʲi); 27 May 1876, Wysokie Mazowieckie -- 4 July 1952) was a Polish historian, lawyer, and politician.	Jan Kucharzewski	Wysokie Mazowieckie
place of birth	Marco Vannini (born March 3, 1943 in Florence) is Professor of Invertebrate Zoology at the Department of Evolutionary Biology L. Pardi of the University of Florence.	Marco Vannini	Florence
place of birth	Claudia Liliana González is a Colombian actress, born 1970 in Cali.	Claudia Liliana González	Cali
place of birth	Avery Millard Powers III (born December 24, 1965 in Greensboro, North Carolina) is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, and Grammy-nominated recording engineer.	Millard Powers	Greensboro
place of birth	Leigh Michaels is the pseudonym used by LeAnn Lemberger (born July 27, 1954 in Iowa, United States), a popular United States writer of over 80 romance novels.	Leigh Michaels	Iowa
place of birth	Alon Mizrahi (Hebrew: אלון מזרחי‎; born November 22, 1971) is an Israeli former professional footballer that has played in several clubs throughout Europe, including Nice, Maccabi Tel Aviv, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Hapoel Be'er Sheva, Maccabi Haifa and Beitar Jerusalem.	Alon Mizrahi	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Giannicola di Paolo (c. 1460--1544), also known as Giannicola di Paolo Manni or Smicca, was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Perugia.	Giannicola di Paolo	Perugia
place of birth	Robert van Gulik was born in Zutphen, the son of a medical officer in the Dutch army of what was then called the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia).	Robert van Gulik	Zutphen
place of birth	Tanisha Thomas (born August 28, 1985 in Brooklyn, New York) is a reality television participant.	Tanisha Thomas	Brooklyn
place of birth	Luigi Borgato (Gallarate,	Luigi Borgato	Gallarate
place of birth	Mark Vincent Woodford (born May 24, 1984 in Madison, Wisconsin, United States), better known by his stage name The Audible Doctor is a Brooklyn-based American record producer and underground rapper.	The Audible Doctor	Madison
place of birth	Morris Edward Opler (May 3, 1907 -- May 13, 1996), American anthropologist and advocate of Japanese American civil rights, was born in Buffalo, New York.	Morris Edward Opler	Buffalo
place of birth	Riccardo Nobili (Florence, 1859 - Venice, 1939) was an Italian painter, writer, and antiquarian.	Riccardo Nobili	Florence
place of birth	Epitácio Pessoa was born in Umbuzeiro, a small town in the state of Paraíba.	Epitácio Pessoa	Paraíba
place of birth	Vi Huyền Đắc (Hải Ninh, today part of Quảng Ninh, 18 December 1899 - 16 August 1976) was a Vietnamese playwright.	Vi Huyền Đắc	Hải Ninh
place of birth	María Concepción Paredes Tamayo (born 19 July 1970 in Palencia) is a retired Spanish athlete who specialised in the triple jump.	Concepción Paredes	Palencia
place of birth	Georges Feydeau was born in Paris, the son of novelist Ernest-Aimé Feydeau and Léocadie Boguslawa Zalewska.	Georges Feydeau	Paris
place of birth	After being replaced in command of this fleet, Teleutias returned to Sparta to great acclaim, and was soon sent out again to take command of a fleet on the island of Aegina.	Teleutias	Sparta
place of birth	She was born as Catherine Uhlmyer in Manhattan, New York.	Catherine Uhlmyer	Manhattan
place of birth	Born to a Thomas T. Morgan, a coal miner, and his wife, Margaret, of Penygraig in the Rhondda, research in the The Oxford Companion to the Literature of Wales states that an Owen Morgan was born to a Thomas Morgan and Margaret (née Owen) and christened in 1836.	Owen Morgan	Rhondda
place of birth	Otis Livingston is a weekday sports anchor at WCBS-TV in New York City.	Otis Livingston	New York City
place of birth	Adelaide Cole Chase (born in Boston, Massachusetts) was an American portrait painter.	Adelaide Cole Chase	Boston
place of birth	Fritz Kalkbrenner (Born 1981 in Berlin) is a German DJ and music producer.	Fritz Kalkbrenner	Berlin
place of birth	Lynda Lemay (born 25 July 1966 in Portneuf, Quebec) is a Canadian francophone singer-songwriter.	Lynda Lemay	Portneuf
place of birth	Andrei Purgin is a Ukrainian activist, cofounder of the Donetsk Republic organization along with Aleksandr Tsurkan and Oleg Frolov.	Andrei Purgin	Donetsk
place of birth	Yang Kunpeng (simplified Chinese: 杨鲲鹏; traditional Chinese: 楊鯤鵬; pinyin: Yáng Kūnpéng; born November 21, 1978 in Qingdao) is a Chinese football player.	Yang Kunpeng	Qingdao
place of birth	Jules Crevaux was born on April 1, 1847 in the north-eastern French town of Lorquin.	Jules Crevaux	Lorquin
place of birth	Waise Lee Chi-hung (born 19 December 1959) is a Hong Kong film and television actor best known for playing the roles of villains and antagonists in various films.	Waise Lee	Hong Kong
place of birth	Rauf Lala (Urdu: رؤف لالہ) (born 1970 in Larkana, Sindh, Pakistan) is a popular Pakistani comedian, actor, writer, and producer.	Rauf Lala	Larkana
place of birth	Troy Glasgow (born in Waterloo, London) attended The Brit school in 2001, graduating in 2003.	Troy Glasgow	Waterloo
place of birth	Cameron Stout (born 8 March 1971 in Stromness, Orkney) was the winner of Big Brother 2003.	Cameron Stout	Stromness
place of birth	Philip Pullman was born in Norwich, England, the son of Audrey Evelyn Pullman (née Merrifield) and Royal Air Force pilot Alfred Outram Pullman.	Philip Pullman	Norwich
place of birth	Diyan Petkov Dimov (Bulgarian: Диян Петков Димов; born 4 August 1967 in Burgas) is a former Bulgarian footballer and currently manager.	Diyan Petkov	Burgas
place of birth	The oldest of seven children, Raymond Hunthausen was born in Anaconda, Montana, to Anthony Gerhardt and Edna Marie (née Tuchscherer) Hunthausen.	Raymond Hunthausen	Anaconda
place of birth	Pieter Lodewijk Muller was born in Koog aan de Zaan (now in Zaanstad), the third son of Christiaan Muller (1813-1896) and Isabella Muller de Cercq (1814--1844).	Pieter Lodewijk Muller	Zaanstad
place of birth	Lee Harvey Oswald was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, on October 18, 1939, to World War I veteran Robert Edward Lee Oswald, Sr. (March 4, 1896 -- August 19, 1939) and Marguerite Frances Claverie (July 19, 1907 -- January 17, 1981).	Lee Harvey Oswald	New Orleans
place of birth	Susy Andersen (born Maria Antonietta Golgi; 20. April 1940 in Pula) is an Italian actress.	Susy Andersen	Pula
place of birth	Rama Ravi was born to Thulasi and M.R. Subramania Iyer, on 12 February 1943 in Chennai.	Rama Ravi	Chennai
place of birth	André Marquis (24 October 1883 - 15 October 1957) was a French Vichyist admiral, famous for the scuttling of the French fleet in Toulon.	André Marquis	Toulon
place of birth	Dionysios Mantalos (Greek: Διονύσιος Μάνταλος; born Neo Psychiko, Athens, 1952) is the current Metropolitan bishop of Corinth.	Dionysios Mantalos	Athens
place of birth	Maria Clara Giai Pron (born 31 July 1992 in Turin) is an Italian slalom canoer.	Maria Clara Giai Pron	Turin
place of birth	Karl Herxheimer (June 26, 1861 - December 6, 1942) was a German-Jewish dermatologist who was a native of Wiesbaden.	Karl Herxheimer	Wiesbaden
place of birth	Andrea Migno (born 10 January 1996 in Cattolica) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle racer.	Andrea Migno	Cattolica
place of birth	Ref Sanchez (born Refugio Sanchez in Arizona, 1917; died 1986) was an American actor who appeared mostly in television shows in smaller acting parts.	Ref Sanchez	Arizona
place of birth	Roger Kaiser was an Indiana All-Star player for the Dale (High School) Golden Aces of Dale, Indiana and played collegiately at Georgia Tech. Roger started on the Dale High varsity for 4 seasons, leading the Golden Aces to a record of 71-24; 2 Sectional titles and 2 PAC championships.	Roger Kaiser	Dale, Indiana
place of birth	Michael Loew (May 8, 1907 -- November 14, 1985) was an American Abstract Expressionist artist who was born in New York City.	Michael Loew	New York
place of birth	Fred Channell (born 5 May 1910 in Edmonton--died 1975) was a professional footballer who played for Harwich & Parkeston, Haywards Heath, Peterborough & Fletton United, Northfleet United and Tottenham Hotspur.	Fred Channell	Edmonton
place of birth	Beri Smither (born June 22, 1971 in Salem, Oregon) is an American model.	Beri Smither	Salem
place of birth	Maria del Pilar Cordero, better known as Mapy Cortés (Santurce, San Juan, Puerto Rico March 1, 1910 -- Isla Verde, Puerto Rico August 2, 1998) was Puerto Rican dancer and film and television actress who participated in many films during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.	Mapy Cortés	Santurce
place of birth	Hamid Drake was born in 1955 in Monroe, Louisiana, and his family moved to Evanston, Illinois when he was a child, just as an older musician from Monroe named Fred Anderson also moved to Evanston, with his family.	Hamid Drake	Monroe
place of birth	Sébastien Grax (born 23 June 1984 in Le Creusot, Saône-et-Loire) is a French footballer who is currently unattached.	Sébastien Grax	Le Creusot
place of birth	Campbell McMurray (27 June 1893 -- ?) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a half-back or a full back in the Football League for Hull City and New Brighton, in non-League football for Workington and York City and in Scottish football for Vale of Leven, Strathclyde and Glasgow Ashfield.	Campbell McMurray	Glasgow
place of birth	Martin Roman (23 April 1910 in Berlin -- 12 May 1996) was a German jazz pianist.	Martin Roman	Berlin
place of birth	Jean Garrigue (December 8, 1912, Evansville, Indiana -- December 27, 1972, Boston, Massachusetts) was an honored, widely read, and imitated poet during her lifetime.	Jean Garrigue	Evansville
place of birth	Bernadette Kanter is a French sculptor born in Saint-Étienne-du-Rouvray (Normandy) in 1950, her preferred material is bronze.	Bernadette Kanter	Saint-Étienne-du-Rouvray
place of birth	Charlotte Wolff was born in Riesenburg, West Prussia (now Prabuty, Poland) into a liberal middle-class Jewish family.	Charlotte Wolff	Prabuty
place of birth	Nyi Pu was born Ba Htay on 12 September 1900 in Prome (Pyay), the second son of Ba Nyunt and Nyein Shin during the British colonial era.	Nyi Pu	Pyay
place of birth	Vincenzo Loria (Salerno, September 4, 1850 -- 1939) was an Italian painter, active mainly as a watercolor artist in Naples.	Vincenzo Loria	Salerno
place of birth	Petr Sedov (born August 24, 1990 in Sarov, Russian SFSR) is a Russian cross-country skier who participated in his first World Cup in March 2009 in Lahti.	Petr Sedov	Sarov
place of birth	Greg Devorski (born August 3, 1969 in Guelph, Ontario) is a National Hockey League linesman since the 1993--94 NHL season, who wears uniform number 54 since the 1994--95 NHL season.	Greg Devorski	Guelph
place of birth	Red Haircrow was born in Frankfurt, Germany, and resides in Berlin, Germany, and previously worked in law enforcement.	Red Haircrow	Frankfurt
place of birth	Patricia Krenwinkel was born in Los Angeles, California to an insurance-salesman father and a homemaker mother.	Patricia Krenwinkel	Los Angeles
place of birth	Giovanni Marchese di Provera, or Johann Provera, born c. 1736 -- died 5 July 1804, served in the Austrian army in Italy during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Giovanni Marchese di Provera	Italy
place of birth	Martina Bischof (born Martina Fischer on 23 November 1957 in Berlin) is a German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Martina Bischof	Berlin
place of birth	Rachel Fuller Brown was born on November 23, 1898 in Springfield, Massachusetts to parents George Hamilton Brown, a real estate and insurance agent, and Annie Fuller, a director of religious education.	Rachel Fuller Brown	Springfield
place of birth	Subiksha was born as Abinaya to Krishnamoorthi and Lavanya in Bellary, Karnataka.	Subiksha	Bellary
place of birth	Gustaf Söderström (November 25, 1865, Stockholm -- November 12, 1958) was a Swedish athlete and tug of war competitor.	Gustaf Söderström	Stockholm
place of birth	Born in Wylam in 1786, Timothy Hackworth was the eldest son of John Hackworth who occupied the position of foreman blacksmith at Wylam Colliery until his death in 1804; the father had already acquired a considerable reputation as a mechanical worker and boiler maker.	Timothy Hackworth	Wylam
place of birth	Rustam Sharipov (born June 2, 1971 in Dushanbe, Tajik SSR) is a Ukrainian gymnast and Olympic champion.	Rustam Sharipov	Dushanbe
place of birth	Sumbul Iqbal (Urdu: سنبل اقبال‎) (born August 30, 1990 Karachi) is a Pakistani actress and model.	Sumbul Iqbal	Karachi
place of birth	William F. Cogswell (July 15, 1819 -- December 24, 1903) was a portrait painter who was born in Fabius, New York.	William F. Cogswell	Fabius, New York
place of birth	John Hick was born on 20 January 1922 to a middle-class family in Scarborough, England.	John Hick	Scarborough
place of birth	Gordon Chan Kar-Seung (simplified Chinese: 陈嘉上; traditional Chinese: 陳嘉上; pinyin: Chén Jiāshàng), born in 1960, is a Hong Kong film director, writer and producer.	Gordon Chan	Hong Kong
place of birth	Tor-Arne Fredheim (born 5 November 1962 in Hallstahammar) is a Swedish football manager who currently is managing Assyriska FF.	Tor-Arne Fredheim	Hallstahammar
place of birth	Eugène Hénaff' was born on 30 October 1904 in Spézet, Brittany, to a family of farm laborers.	Eugène Hénaff	Spézet
place of birth	A native of Stockholm, Dennis Östlundh, who is 184 cm. (just under 6 ft. 1 in.)	Dennis Östlundh	Stockholm
place of birth	Panagiotis Triadis (Greek: Παναγιώτης Τριάδης; born 9 September 1992 in Herdecke) is a Greek footballer.	Panagiotis Triadis	Herdecke
place of birth	René Spies (born 5 July 1973 in Winterberg, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German bobsledder who competed from 1991 to 2006.	René Spies	Winterberg
place of birth	Alessandro Benetton (Treviso, March 2, 1964) is an Italian businessman.	Alessandro Benetton	Treviso
place of birth	Samy Schiavo (born December 24, 1975 in Avignon) is a retired French mixed martial artist and taekwondo fighter.	Samy Schiavo	Avignon
place of birth	Larance Marable (May 21, 1929 - July 4, 2012) was a West Coast jazz hard bop drummer born in Los Angeles, California, probably best known for his work with Charlie Haden in his Quartet West.	Larance Marable	Los Angeles
place of birth	Brice Dja Djédjé (born 23 December 1990 in Aboudé) is an Ivorian footballer who plays for French club Marseille in Ligue 1.	Brice Dja Djédjé	Aboudé
place of birth	Monisha Unni was born at Panniyankara, Kozhikode in 1971 to Narayanan Unni and Sreedevi Unni.Narayanan Unni hailed from Shornur and was in the leather business in Bangalore, where Monisha Unni was brought up.	Monisha Unni	Panniyankara
place of birth	Benjamin Hicklin JP (11 November 1816--16 March 1909), licensed carrier, farmer, solicitor and Borough Magistrate served as Mayor of Wolverhampton 1859/60.	Benjamin Hicklin	Wolverhampton
place of birth	Tó Cruz (born António José Ramos da Cruz, 9 July 1967, Lisbon) is a Portuguese singer of Cape Verdean descent, best known for his participation in the 1995 Eurovision Song Contest.	Tó Cruz	Lisbon
place of birth	Allen Steck (born 1926) is an American mountaineer and rock climber, and a native of Oakland, California.	Allen Steck	Oakland
place of birth	Neil Smillie (born Barnsley, 19 July 1958) is an English former professional football player and manager.	Neil Smillie	Barnsley
place of birth	Benedetto Sinigardi, also known as Fra Benedetto di Arezzo or Sinigardi di Arezzo (1190 - 1282) was a Franciscan Monk, and is considered to be the author of the Angelus prayer.	Benedetto Sinigardi	Arezzo
place of birth	Jacques Cossette-Trudel (born 1947 in Shawinigan) PQ, convicted kidnapper, Quebec separatist (FLQ), communication counsellor and filmmaker.	Jacques Cossette-Trudel	Shawinigan
place of birth	Randy Piper (born William Randall Piper on April 13, 1953 in San Antonio, Texas) is an American rock guitarist and songwriter, best known as the co-founder and original guitarist of the heavy metal band W.A.S.P..	Randy Piper	San Antonio
place of birth	Siegfried Strohbach (born 27 November 1929 in Schirgiswalde, Lusatia) is a German composer and conductor.	Siegfried Strohbach	Schirgiswalde
place of birth	Ludwig Baumann (born 1950 in Rosenheim) is a German opera singer.	Ludwig Baumann	Rosenheim
place of birth	Sam Leith (born 1 January 1974 in Paddington, London) is an English author, journalist and columnist.	Sam Leith	London
place of birth	Frank Boeijen (born 27 November 1957 in Nijmegen) is a Dutch singer and guitarist.	Frank Boeijen	Nijmegen
place of birth	Marj Dusay (/mɑːrdʒ duːˈseɪ/; born Marjorie Ellen Pivonka Mahoney on February 20, 1936, in Russell, Kansas) is an American actress known for her roles on American soap operas.	Marj Dusay	Russell
place of birth	Tony Peraica was born in Croatia in 1957, and was orphaned at the age of 11.	Tony Peraica	Croatia
place of birth	Krzysztof Kłosek (Świętochłowice, July 16, 1978) is a Polish singer and bass guitarist.	Krzysztof Kłosek	Świętochłowice
place of birth	Louise Diane d'Orléans was born in the Palais-Royal, the Paris residence of the House of Orléans, on 27 June 1716 as the youngest child of the Duke and Duchess of Orléans.	Louise Diane d'Orléans	Paris
place of birth	David John Haskins (born 24 April 1957, Northampton, England), better known as David J, is a British alternative rock musician, producer, and writer.	David J	Northampton
place of birth	Stuart Dempster (born July 7, 1936 in Berkeley, California) is a trombonist, didjeridu player, improvisor, and composer.	Stuart Dempster	Berkeley, California
place of birth	Edward Schoeneck (August 1, 1875 Syracuse, Onondaga County, New York - June 22, 1951 Syracuse, Onondaga County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician.	Edward Schoeneck	Syracuse
place of birth	Braeden Cloutier (born October 3, 1974 in Wichita, Kansas) is a retired U.S. soccer player who spent five seasons in Major Soccer League and over twelve in various indoor leagues.	Braeden Cloutier	Wichita
place of birth	Born to a lower middle-class family in Etterbeek, Brussels, Hergé began his career by contributing illustrations to Scouting magazines, developing his first comic series, The Adventures of Totor, for Le Boy-Scout Belge in 1926.	Hergé	Etterbeek
place of birth	Steffi Stephanie Marie Toscano DiDomenicantonio (born April 28, 1989), nicknamed Steffi D, is a Canadian singer from Orleans, Ontario, and the fifth-place finalist in the 2006 season of Canadian Idol.	Steffi D	Orleans, Ontario
place of birth	Liam Mower (born 30 May 1992 in Kingston upon Hull, England) is an English actor and dancer.	Liam Mower	Kingston upon Hull
place of birth	Zdenka Grossmannová (born November 17, 1965 in Jindřichův Hradec) is a Czechoslovak-Czech slalom canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s.	Zdenka Grossmannová	Jindřichův Hradec
place of birth	Wanderley Paiva was born in Três Corações, in the state of Minas Gerais, and in his youth he played for local side Atlético.	Wanderley Paiva	Três Corações
place of birth	Born in Montpellier, Aymeline Valade grew up in Lyon, Paris and Nice.	Aymeline Valade	Montpellier
place of birth	Mitchell Guist was born in 1964 in Gonzales, Louisiana and lived with his brother, Glenn, for his entire life.	Mitchell Guist	Gonzales, Louisiana
place of birth	Levinus Warner, or Levinus Warnerus, was born c. 1618 in the principality of Lippe, Germany.	Levinus Warner	Lippe
place of birth	Rosario Romeo was born in Giarre, a small town on the eastern coast of Sicily.	Rosario Romeo	Giarre
place of birth	Marina Shmonina (born 9 February 1965 in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR) is an athlete who represented the Soviet Union, and later Russia.	Marina Shmonina	Tashkent
place of birth	Luciano de Paolis (born 14 June 1941 in Rome) is an Italian bobsledder who competed in the late 1960s.	Luciano de Paolis	Rome
place of birth	Robert B. Shapiro (born August 4, 1938 in New York City) is a businessman and attorney who has worked extensively with the biochemical corporations G. D. Searle & Company and Monsanto.	Robert B. Shapiro	New York City
place of birth	Christian Saehrendt (born 29 January 1968 in Kassel) is a German Art Historian.	Christian Saehrendt	Kassel
place of birth	Franklin Pierce Rice was born 29 July 1852 in Marlborough, Massachusetts as the only son of Minot Rice and Mary Berry (Felton) Rice.	Franklin Pierce Rice	Marlborough
place of birth	Ai Jing (Chinese: 艾敬; pinyin: Ài Jìng; born 10 September 1969 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a mainland Chinese singer and painter.	Ai Jing	Shenyang
place of birth	Antonio Maggio (born 8 August 1986 in San Pietro Vernotico) is an Italian pop singer.	Antonio Maggio	San Pietro Vernotico
place of birth	Sylvain Guintoli (born 24 June 1982 in Montélimar) is a French professional motorcycle racer.	Sylvain Guintoli	Montélimar
place of birth	Veronica Portillo (born November 27, 1977 in Los Angeles, CA) is an American former reality television participant, one-time Playboy model, and co-creator of the College Dropout t-shirt line.	Veronica Portillo	Los Angeles
place of birth	Ricky Meléndez (born Ricardo Omar Meléndez Saurí, November 22, 1967 in Hato Rey, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican singer.	Ricky Meléndez	Hato Rey
place of birth	Ernest Hilbert is an American poet, critic, opera librettist, and editor born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1970.	Ernest Hilbert	Philadelphia
place of birth	M. Waldo Hatler was born January 6, 1894 at Bolivar, Missouri, elder of two sons of Troy and Rose Hatler.	M. Waldo Hatler	Bolivar
place of birth	Irina Kotova (Belarusian: Ірына Міхайлаўна Котава, Russian: Ирина Михайловна Котова; born November 17, 1976 in Minsk) is a Belarusian painter and graphic artist.	Irina Kotova	Minsk
place of birth	Yan Xiangchuang (simplified Chinese: 闫相闯; traditional Chinese: 閆相闖; pinyin: Yán Xiàngchuǎng; born September 5, 1986 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese international professional footballer who currently plays for Beijing BG in the China League One.	Yan Xiangchuang	Dalian
place of birth	Born in Fossano, Giuseppe Beltrami attended the seminary in Fossano before being ordained to the priesthood on March 5, 1916.	Giuseppe Beltrami	Fossano
place of birth	Marek Lemsalu (born 24 November 1972 in Pärnu) is a former Estonian professional footballer.	Marek Lemsalu	Pärnu
place of birth	Justina Robson is a science fiction author from Leeds, England.	Justina Robson	Leeds
place of birth	Danielle Rowe (born 1982 in Shepparton) is an Australian ballet dancer who currently performs as a principal dancer with the Houston Ballet.	Danielle Rowe	Shepparton
place of birth	Fritz Klatte (28 March 1880, Diepholz -- 11 February 1934) was a German chemist and the discoverer of polyvinyl acetate, with German patent (GP 281687 1912) for its preparation from acetylene gas.	Fritz Klatte	Diepholz
place of birth	Alexander Arthur was born in Glasgow, Scotland, the eldest son of Alexander and Catherine Allen Arthur.	Alexander Arthur	Glasgow
place of birth	Bernhard Seeger was born to a locksmith in Roßlau.	Bernhard Seeger	Roßlau
place of birth	George Atwood (October 1745, London -- 11 July 1807, London) was an English mathematician who invented a machine for illustrating the effects of Newton's first law of motion.	George Atwood	London
place of birth	Frans Boels (c. 1555, Mechelen -- 1596, Amsterdam) was a Flemish painter and draftsman, who was active in the Dutch Republic in the latter part of his life.	Frans Boels	Mechelen
place of birth	Marek Kalbus (born January 14, 1969 in Königs Wusterhausen) is a German opera and concert singer.	Marek Kalbus	Königs Wusterhausen
place of birth	Synthia Saint James was raised in both Los Angeles, California, and the Bronx, New York.	Synthia Saint James	Los Angeles
place of birth	Mattias Andréasson (born 29 March 1981 in Västerås), Swedish singer and Swedish Idol 2007 contestant (in which he came 5th place).	Mattias Andréasson	Västerås
place of birth	Jim Ed Norman (born Edward James Norman, October 16, 1948, Fort Myers, Florida) is an American musician, record producer, arranger and label head.	Jim Ed Norman	Fort Myers
place of birth	Stijn Vreven (born 18 July 1973, in Hasselt, Belgian Limburg) is a Belgian former footballer and currently manager of Waasland-Beveren in the Belgian Pro League.	Stijn Vreven	Hasselt
place of birth	Lily Li (Chinese: 李麗麗) (born 21 May 1950) is a Hong Kong actress.	Lily Li	Hong Kong
place of birth	Alexandra Silk (born September 19, 1963 in Long Island, New York) is an American pornographic actress, pornographic director and adult model.	Alexandra Silk	Long Island
place of birth	Martina Strutz (born 4 November 1981 in Schwerin) is a German pole vaulter.	Martina Strutz	Schwerin
place of birth	Karina Pasian was born in New York City, of Dominican and Armenian descent.	Karina Pasian	New York City
place of birth	Peter Wright was born in 26 Cromwell Road, Chesterfield, Derbyshire, the son of (George) Maurice Wright, who was the Marconi Company's director of research, and one of the founders of signals intelligence during World War I. During the Second World War, Wright worked at the Admiralty's Research Laboratory.	Peter Wright	Chesterfield
place of birth	Ivan Klasnić (Croatian pronunciation: (ˈiʋan ˈklasnitɕ); born 29 January 1980 in Hamburg, West Germany) is a retired Croatian footballer who played as a striker, having last played for Mainz 05 in the Bundesliga in 2013.	Ivan Klasnić	Hamburg
place of birth	Gilbert Stuart was born in Saunderstown, Rhode Island, a village of North Kingstown, on December 3, 1755 and baptized at Old Narragansett Church on April 11, 1756.	Gilbert Stuart	North Kingstown
place of birth	Bob Sheridan (born 1944 in Boston) is an American boxing and MMA commentator.	Bob Sheridan	Boston
place of birth	Allan Alcorn (born January 1, 1948 in San Francisco) is an American pioneering engineer and computer scientist.	Allan Alcorn	San Francisco
place of birth	Mirna Radulović was born on 5 July 1992 in Subotica (then Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, now Serbia).	Mirna Radulović	Subotica
place of birth	Charles Nicholas Aubé (6 May 1802 in Paris -- 15 October 1869), was a French physician and entomologist.	Charles Nicholas Aubé	Paris
place of birth	Hormoz Farhat (Persian: هرمز فرهت) Born 1929 Tehran, is a composer, ethnomusicologist and Emeritus Professor of Music, Dublin University, Trinity College and a Fellow of Trinity College, Dublin.	Hormoz Farhat	Tehran
place of birth	Jean-Philippe Bergeron (born 1978 Saint-Hyacinthe) is a Quebec writer and poet.	Jean-Philippe Bergeron	Saint-Hyacinthe
place of birth	Marc Diraison (born February 7, 1975 in San Rafael, California) is an American voice actor, ADR director, and script writer who has worked for 4Kids Entertainment, Bang Zoom!	Marc Diraison	San Rafael
place of birth	Steve Goodman, known as Kode9 (born 1973) is a Glasgow-born, London-based electronic music artist, DJ, and owner of the Hyperdub record label.	Kode9	Glasgow
place of birth	In 1977, Alex Katz was asked to create a work to be produced in billboard format above Times Square, New York City.	Alex Katz	New York City
place of birth	René Edward De Russy was born in the French colony of Saint-Domingue (now Haiti) on February 22, 1789.	René Edward De Russy	Saint-Domingue
place of birth	Jensen Buchanan (born July 18, 1962 in Montgomery, Alabama) is an American actress, best known for portraying Sarah Gordon on One Life to Live (1987--90) and twins Vicky and Marley Hudson on Another World.	Jensen Buchanan	Montgomery
place of birth	Zohreh Mojabi (Persian: زهره مجابی‎, born 14 February 1960 in Qazvin) is an Iranian actress and playwright who has appeared in a number of films and TV serials.	Zohreh Mojabi	Qazvin
place of birth	Pamela Wallace (born 1949 in Exeter, California) is an American screenwriter and author.	Pamela Wallace	Exeter
place of birth	Vincent Ogé (French pronunciation: ​(oʒe); c.1755--1791) was a wealthy free man of mixed race decent and the instigator of a revolt against white colonial authority in French Saint-Domingue that lasted from October to December 1790 in the area outside Cap-Français, the colony's main city.	Vincent Ogé	Saint-Domingue
place of birth	Hussein Chalayan was born in Nicosia in 1970 and graduated from the Türk Maarif Koleji of his hometown.	Hussein Chalayan	Nicosia
place of birth	Betty Edwards (born 1926 in San Francisco, California) is an American art teacher and author, best known for her 1979 book, Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain (as of April 2012, in its 4th edition).	Betty Edwards	San Francisco
place of birth	Lionel Cherrier (born November 17, 1929 in Nakéty, near Canala) is a New Caledonian politician.	Lionel Cherrier	Canala
place of birth	Samuel Verblunsky (1906 June 25 London -- 1996) was a British mathematician who introduced Verblunsky's theorem and Verblunsky coefficients.	Samuel Verblunsky	London
place of birth	Alfred Santell was an American film director born September 14, 1895 in San Francisco, California.	Alfred Santell	San Francisco
place of birth	Barry Michael Harman (born March 14, 1952 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American writer and producer for television, and a Tony nominated book writer and lyricist for the Broadway theater.	Barry Michael Harman	Brooklyn
place of birth	Philippe de Montebello (born May 16, 1936 in Paris) served from 1977 to 2008 as the director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.	Philippe de Montebello	Paris
place of birth	Kurt Agricola was born in Döbeln, then in the Kingdom of Saxony, on 15 August 1889, into an Saxon family that traced its roots back in the 16th century.	Kurt Agricola	Döbeln
place of birth	Robert Chapin (born April 3, 1964 in Miami, Florida), is a stunt, fight and swordplay choreographer, visual effects artist and supervisor, actor, writer, director, and producer.	Robert Chapin	Miami
place of birth	Ryan J. Davis (born April 4, 1982 in Salisbury, Maryland) is an American theater director, writer, political consultant, and progressive activist.	Ryan J. Davis	Salisbury
place of birth	Ariane Lopez-Huici is born in Biarritz, France, in 1945 to Eugenio Lopez-Huici, a Basque-Chilean, and Evelyne Belly from Lorraine.	Ariane Lopez-Huici	Biarritz
place of birth	Laurent Croci (born December 8, 1964 in Montbéliard, Doubs) is a French retired footballer, currently managing FC Mulhouse.	Laurent Croci	Montbéliard
place of birth	Niatia Jessica Kirkland (born October 4, 1989), better known by her stage name Lil Mama, is a Trinidadian-American hip hop recording artist from Brooklyn, New York City, New York.	Lil Mama	New York City
place of birth	Simone Stratigo was born in 1733 as Symeon Filippos Stratigos to a family of Greek origin in Zara, Dalmatia (modern Zadar in Croatia), a region which was part of the Republic of Venice at the time.	Simone Stratigo	Zadar
place of birth	Nathalie Pâque (born 11 May 1977, Liège) is a Belgian singer, best known for her participation on behalf of France in the 1989 Eurovision Song Contest.	Nathalie Pâque	Liège
place of birth	Pierre Louis-Dreyfus was born on May 17, 1908 in Paris, one of three children born to Charles Louis-Dreyfus, a merchant and ship-owner, and Sarah Germaine Hément.	Pierre Louis-Dreyfus	Paris
place of birth	Wall Doxey (August 8, 1892 -- March 2, 1962) was an American politician from Holly Springs, Mississippi.	Wall Doxey	Holly Springs
place of birth	Suzanne Stevens (born 1950) is a Canadian singer, based in Montreal and active during the 1970s and 1980s.	Suzanne Stevens	Montreal
place of birth	Kevin Trainor is an Irish actor from Kilkeel, County Down, Northern Ireland.	Kevin Trainor	Kilkeel
place of birth	Andreas Berger (born 9 June 1961 in Gmunden, Oberösterreich) is a former Austrian track and field sprinter, who ran in the 100m and 200m.	Andreas Berger	Gmunden
place of birth	Pedro de Mendoza, also known as Don Pedro de Mendoza, was from a noble family in the Granadin town of Guadix, high in the favor of Emperor Charles V. He was also a nobleman in the Spanish court.	Pedro de Mendoza	Guadix
place of birth	Born in Sant'Agata di Puglia, Foggia, Santagata debuted as a comedian at the Derby club in Milan, with the show Toni Santagata e il suo cabaret, later also released as an album.	Toni Santagata	Sant'Agata di Puglia
place of birth	Johann Jakob Heckel (23 January 1790 -- 1 March 1857) was an Austrian taxidermist, zoologist, and ichthyologist from Mannheim in the Electoral Palatinate.	Johann Jakob Heckel	Mannheim
place of birth	Glen Chorny is a Canadian poker player from Waterloo, Ontario.	Glen Chorny	Waterloo
place of birth	Anna-Lena Löfgren (1 May 1944 -- 21 May 2010) was a Swedish singer from Stockholm.	Anna-Lena Löfgren	Stockholm
place of birth	Abbas Mohammadi played for Mes Kerman F.C. before moving to Sepahan F.C. in 2007.	Abbas Mohammadi	Kerman
place of birth	Astorre III Manfredi (June 20, 1485 -- June 9, 1502) was lord Faenza, in northern Italy, from 1488 to 1501.	Astorre III Manfredi	Faenza
place of birth	Harald Czudaj (born 14 February 1963 in Wermsdorf, Saxony) is an East German-German bobsledder who competed during the 1990s.	Harald Czudaj	Wermsdorf
place of birth	Intigam Zairov (born 21 April 1985 in Baku) is an Azerbaijani weightlifter he won silver medal at 2009 European Weightlifting Championships in Bucharest.	Intigam Zairov	Baku
place of birth	Born December 10, 1963 in Florence, Italy, Ippolita Rostagno is the daughter of an American artist and an Italian intellectual.	Ippolita Rostagno	Florence
place of birth	Saint Heimerad (also known as Heimrad, Haimrad or Heimo) (b. about 970 in Messkirch near the Bodensee in Baden; d. 28 June 1019 on the Hasunger Berg (now Burghasungen) near Kassel) was a German priest and travelling preacher, popularly revered as a holy fool.	Heimerad	Messkirch
place of birth	Markus Löw (born 4 April 1961 in Schönau im Schwarzwald) is a former football player and nowadays manager.	Markus Löw	Schönau im Schwarzwald
place of birth	Szabolcs Sándor (born Budapest, March 30, 1973) conductor, accompanist, pianist	Szabolcs Sándor	Budapest
place of birth	Ferdinando Carabba Tettamanti (born January 5, 1944 in Rome) is an Italian lawyer.	Ferdinando Carabba Tettamanti	Rome
place of birth	Paul Voss (born March 26, 1986 in Rostock) is a German professional road bicycle racer for Bora--	Paul Voss	Rostock
place of birth	Derek McGinty (born August 17, 1959, in Washington, D.C.) is an American news anchor and television journalist, most recently appearing on WUSA 9 News at 7PM and 11PM on WUSA-TV in Washington, D.C..	Derek McGinty	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Mehmet Sabri Erçetin (1876 in Bursa -- May 3, 1956) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army.	Mehmet Sabri Erçetin	Bursa
place of birth	Alexander von Winiwarter (April 22, 1848 -- October 31, 1917) was an Austrian-Belgian surgeon who was a native of Vienna.	Alexander von Winiwarter	Vienna
place of birth	Wes Hart (born September 14, 1977, in Hollister, California) is an American soccer coach, and the current head coach of the Alabama Crimson Tide women's soccer team.	Wes Hart	Hollister
place of birth	Siniša Đurić (Serbian Cyrillic: Cинишa Ђуpић ; born 20 February 1976, in Banja Luka) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player.	Siniša Đurić	Banja Luka
place of birth	Michelle Courchesne (born May 6, 1953 in Trois-Rivières, Quebec) is a former Deputy Premier of Quebec.	Michelle Courchesne	Trois-Rivières
place of birth	Marie Schellinck (25 July 1757, Ghent -- 1 September 1840, Menen), was a Belgian soldier who fought in the French Revolution.	Marie Schellinck	Ghent
place of birth	Giordano Benedetti (born 22 May 1989 in Trento) is an Italian middle distance runner (800 m).	Giordano Benedetti	Trento
place of birth	Anthony Pereira (born on 9 April 1982 in Navelim, Goa) is an Indian football player.	Anthony Pereira	Navelim
place of birth	Riad Nouri, also known as Ryad Nouri, (born June 7, 1985 in Marseille) is a French-Algerian professional football player who is currently playing for AC Ajaccio in Ligue 2.	Riad Nouri	Marseille
place of birth	Gilbrano Plet (born 5 March 1993 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Spakenburg in the Dutch Topklasse.	Gilbrano Plet	Amsterdam
place of birth	In 2005, Stevie Ray and Booker T opened the ``Booker T and Stevie Ray Pro Wrestling Academy'' in Houston, Texas.	Stevie Ray	Houston
place of birth	Pai Soe (born 22 March 1987 in Mandalay, Burma) is Burmese footballer.	Pai Soe	Mandalay
place of birth	Several of his songs mentioned Snodland, the small town in Kent where Judge Dread lived.	Judge Dread	Kent
place of birth	Alfred Pampalon (24 November 1867 -- 30 September 1896) was born in the city of Lévis, Quebec, and died at 28 in Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré.	Alfred Pampalon	Lévis
place of birth	Günther Tamaschke (26 February 1896, Berlin -- 14 October 1959, Uhingen) was a German SS-Standartenführer and commandant of the Lichtenburg and Ravensbrück concentration camps.	Günther Tamaschke	Berlin
place of birth	Diego Lagos (born 5 March 1986 in Mar del Plata) is an Argentine football Midfielder.	Diego Lagos	Mar del Plata
place of birth	Astrid Benöhr (born 8 October 1957, in Bergisch Gladbach) is a German endurance athlete in Ultra-Triathlon.	Astrid Benöhr	Bergisch Gladbach
place of birth	John P. Daley (born December 5, 1946) is the 11th Ward Democratic Committeeman in Chicago, Illinois, a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners (11th District), and the Chair of the Cook County Board Audit and Finance Committee.	John P. Daley	Chicago
place of birth	Ahmad Kashani (born 23 December 1947 in Tehran), the last son of ayatollah Abol-Ghasem Kashani, is an Iranian politician and construction engineer.	Ahmad Kashani	Tehran
place of birth	Andrea Lilio (1555 - 1642) was an Italian painter born in Ancona, hence he also is known as L'Anconitano.	Andrea Lilio	Ancona
place of birth	Myron Scholes was born to a Jewish family on July 1, 1941 in Timmins, Ontario, where his family had moved during the Great Depression.	Myron Scholes	Timmins
place of birth	Emika, a classically trained musician who studied classical piano and composition, grew up in Milton Keynes, England.	Emika	England
place of birth	Giliano Wijnaldum (born 31 August 1992, Rotterdam) is a Dutch football player who plays as a left back for German club VfL Bochum in the 2.	Giliano Wijnaldum	Rotterdam
place of birth	His most prominent achievement was the foundation of an almshouse in Winchester which later was recommissioned into Peter Symonds College.	Peter Symonds	Winchester
place of birth	Bernhard Fleischmann Born 1975 in Vienna is an Austrian musician, usually known as B. Fleischmann.	Bernhard Fleischmann	Vienna
place of birth	Chris Honor (born 5 June 1968) is an English footballer, who played in the Football League for Bristol City, Torquay United, Hereford United, Swansea City and Cardiff City, and in the Scottish Football League for Airdrieonians and Partick Thistle.	Chris Honor	Bristol
place of birth	Mieczysław Moczar (Polish pronunciation: (mjɛˈt͡ʂɨswaf ˈmɔt͡ʂar); original name Mikołaj Diomko, pseudonym Mietek, December 25, 1913 in Łódź -- November 1, 1986) was a Polish communist who played a prominent role in the history of the Polish People's Republic.	Mieczysław Moczar	Łódź
place of birth	Maria Luís Albuquerque (born 16 September 1967 in Braga) is a Portuguese pseudo politician.	Maria Luís Albuquerque	Braga
place of birth	Nataša Mladenovska (Macedonian: Наташа Младеновска) (born 12 February 1986 in Kumanovo, Republic of Macedonia) is a Macedonian handball player who currently plays for ŽRK Metalurg and for the Macedonia women's national handball team.	Nataša Mladenovska	Kumanovo
place of birth	Richard Anthony Crispian Francis Prew Hope-Weston, known professionally as Tommy Vance (11 July 1940 -- 6 March 2005), was a British radio broadcaster, born in Eynsham, Oxfordshire.	Tommy Vance	Eynsham
place of birth	Franz Ningel (born 18 October 1936 in Frankfurt am Main, Hessen) is a former German pair skater and roller skater.	Franz Ningel	Frankfurt
place of birth	Michael X (1933 -- 16 May 1975), born Michael de Freitas in Trinidad and Tobago, was a self-styled black revolutionary and civil rights activist in 1960s London.	Michael X	Trinidad and Tobago
place of birth	Lena Endre was born in Lidingö, Stockholm County and grew up in Härnösand, Ångermanland, and Trollbäcken, Tyresö.	Lena Endre	Härnösand
place of birth	Jean-Marc Ferratge (born 10 October 1959 in Cazères) is a retired professional French footballer who played striker.	Jean-Marc Ferratge	Cazères
place of birth	Elio de Angelis (26 March 1958, Rome -- 15 May 1986, Le Castellet) was an Italian racing driver who participated in Formula One between 1979 and 1986, racing for the Shadow, Lotus and Brabham teams.	Elio de Angelis	Rome
place of birth	Jandek is the musical project of Corwood Industries, a record label that operates out of Houston, Texas.	Jandek	Houston
place of birth	Tunnet Taimla ( 21 June 1988 , Viljandi) is Estonian renju player.	Tunnet Taimla	Viljandi
place of birth	Julie Taton (born 6 February 1984), in Namur, Belgium was crowned Miss Belgium in 2003.	Julie Taton	Namur
place of birth	Leonidas Iasonidis (1884--1959) was a Pontic Greek political activist born in Poulantzaki in Pontus, Turkey.	Leonidas Iasonidis	Pontus
place of birth	Ivan Mihailov was born on August 26, 1896, in the village of Novo Selo (now part of Štip Municipality, Republic of Macedonia) in the Kosovo Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire.	Ivan Mihailov	Štip
place of birth	Harry Orlinsky was born in 1908 to Yiddish-speaking parents in Owen Sound, Ontario on March 17.	Harry Orlinsky	Owen Sound
place of birth	Egon von Vietinghoff (February 6, 1903, The Hague -- October 14, 1994, Zurich) was a German-Swiss painter, author, philosopher and creator of the Egon von Vietinghoff Foundation.	Egon von Vietinghoff	The Hague
place of birth	Colonel Michel Lafourcade was born in Bélus, the son of Maurice Lafourcade, postmaster, and Marie Galharret, housewife.	Michel Lafourcade	Bélus
place of birth	Vasilios Koutsianikoulis (Greek: Βασίλης Κουτσιανικούλης; born 9 August 1988) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for AE Larissa in the Greek Football League as a Left winger / Attacking Midfielder.	Vasilios Koutsianikoulis	Larissa
place of birth	On the day of his arrival at the Kimpo International Airport in Seoul, the entire airport had been crowded by thousands of fans and media trying to get the first look at Seo Taiji.	Seo Taiji	Seoul
place of birth	Martha Rhodes (born Boston, Massachusetts) is an American poet, teacher, and publisher.	Martha Rhodes	Boston
place of birth	Giuseppe Papadopulo (born 2 February 1948 in Casale Marittimo, Pisa) is an Italian football manager and former player of Greek descent, last in charge as head coach of Torino.	Giuseppe Papadopulo	Casale Marittimo
place of birth	Albert Yeung was born in Hong Kong in 1943 and traces his root to Teochew (Chaozhou), Guangdong, China.	Albert Yeung	Chaozhou
place of birth	Ismaila Atte-Oudeyi (born 2 February 1985, in Lomé) is a Togolese footballer, who currently plays for Togo Telecom F.C..	Ismaila Atte-Oudeyi	Lomé
place of birth	Born in Perranporth, Cornwall, elder son of Frederick (John Frederick) and Emma Healey (née Mitchell) who at that time ran a general store there, Donald Healey became interested in all things mechanical at an early age, most particularly aircraft.	Donald Healey	Perranporth
place of birth	The Oscar Niemeyer International Cultural Centre (also known in Spain as Centro Niemeyer), is located in Avilés and was inaugurated in 2011.	Oscar Niemeyer	Spain
place of birth	Reimund Gerhard (born 31 May 1952 in Heidelberg) is a German applied physicist and university professor.	Reimund Gerhard	Heidelberg
place of birth	Adolf Loewy (German spelling- Adolf Löwy); (June 29, 1862 - December 26, 1937) was a German physiologist who was a native of Berlin.	Adolf Loewy	Berlin
place of birth	Alexis Rockman lives in New York City, and works out of a studio in the city's TriBeCa neighborhood.	Alexis Rockman	New York City
place of birth	Seth Hammett was born and reared in Andalusia, Covington County, Alabama to a farming and well-drilling family.	Seth Hammett	Andalusia
place of birth	Eleni Avlonitou (Greek: Ελένη Αυλωνίτου, born 22 October 1958 in Athens) is a former Greek swimming champion, ergophysiologist and politician of the Coalition of the Radical Left (Syriza).	Eleni Avlonitou	Athens
place of birth	Born in Volta Redonda, Rio de Janeiro state, Delei started his professional career in 1979, playing for Fluminense.	Delei	Volta Redonda
place of birth	Richard Caton Woodville (30 April 1825 -- 13 August 1855) was an American artist from Baltimore who spent his professional career in Europe, after studying in Düsseldorf under the direction of Karl Ferdinand Sohn.	Richard Caton Woodville	Baltimore
place of birth	Adolf Mayer was born in 1843 in the family of a high school teacher in Oldenburg.	Adolf Mayer	Oldenburg
place of birth	Josua Harrsch, also known as Joshua Kocherthal ( July 30, 1669 Fachsenfeld -- December 27, 1719, Ulster County) was a German Lutheran minister who led German emigrants to New York.	Josua Harrsch	Fachsenfeld
place of birth	Gurbux Singh was born at Peshawar but he grew up in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.	Gurbux Singh	Peshawar
place of birth	Lucy Tyler-Sharman (born Lucy Tyler, in Louisville, Kentucky on 6 June 1965) is an Australian Olympic and World Champion cyclist.	Lucy Tyler-Sharman	Louisville
place of birth	Paul Beavers (born 2 October 1978 in Hastings, England) is a former professional footballer who played in The Football League for Shrewsbury Town, Oldham Athletic, Hartlepool United and Darlington.	Paul Beavers	Hastings
place of birth	Daré Nibombé (born 16 June 1980 in Lomé) is a Togolese former defender who last played for RBD Borinage.	Daré Nibombé	Lomé
place of birth	Gloria Graham (born 1940 in Beaumont, Texas) is an American artist based in New Mexico.	Gloria Graham	Beaumont
place of birth	Seyed Ali Miraee (born 18 July 1979 in Tehran) is an Iranian cartoonist and illustrator for economic, political, cultural, and professional magazines and Books.	Ali Miraee	Tehran
place of birth	Edris Eckhardt (January 28, 1905 -- April 27, 1998) was an American artist associated with the Cleveland School.	Edris Eckhardt	Cleveland
place of birth	Luigi Berzano (born 8 July 1939, Asti) is an Italian sociologist and Catholic priest.	Luigi Berzano	Asti
place of birth	Stan Bennion (born 9 February 1938, Blacon, Chester) is a former English professional footballer.	Stan Bennion	Blacon
place of birth	Reinhard Hütter (born 1 November 1958 in Lichtenfels, Bavaria) is a Christian theologian and Professor of Christian Theology at Duke Divinity School in Durham, North Carolina.	Reinhard Hütter	Lichtenfels
place of birth	Mary Katrantzou (born in 1983 in Athens) is a Greek fashion designer who currently lives and works in London.	Mary Katrantzou	Athens
place of birth	František Lipka (born on 22 February 1946 in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak diplomat, poet and translator, who contributed to the process of the creation of independent Montenegro.	František Lipka	Bratislava
place of birth	Miles Mander was the second son of Theodore Mander, builder of Wightwick Manor, of the prominent Mander family, industrialists and public servants of Wolverhampton, Staffordshire, in the Midlands of England.	Miles Mander	Wolverhampton
place of birth	Roman Mählich (born 17 September 1971 in Wiener Neustadt) is an Austrian football player, who played mostly for Sturm Graz.	Roman Mählich	Wiener Neustadt
place of birth	Sadık Eliyeşil was born on November 3, 1925 to a wealthy family at Tarsus, Mersin Province in southern Turkey.	Sadık Eliyeşil	Tarsus
place of birth	Hanfried Lenz (* April 22, 1916 in Munich; † June 1, 2013 in Berlin) was a German mathematician, who is mainly known for his work in geometry and combinatorics.	Hanfried Lenz	Munich
place of birth	Bong Joon-ho was born in Daegu in 1969 and decided to become a filmmaker while in middle school.	Bong Joon-ho	Daegu
place of birth	Samuel Pitiscus (30 March 1637, in Zutphen -- 1 February 1727, in Utrecht) is a Dutch historican and classicist.	Samuel Pitiscus	Zutphen
place of birth	Alon Isocianu (born in Hadera, Israel) is a Canadian music video and commercial director.	Alon Isocianu	Hadera
place of birth	Very little is known of Sarah Mary Fitton outside of her writing, though she is believed to have been born in Dublin.	Sarah Mary Fitton	Dublin
place of birth	Born at Genoa, Raffaele Rossetti graduated as engineer from the University of Turin in September 1904.	Raffaele Rossetti	Genoa
place of birth	Cevat Güler (born 12 March 1959 in Perşembe, Ordu Province) is a Turkish former football player and coach.	Cevat Güler	Ordu Province
place of birth	Richard Fancy was born August 2, 1943, in Evanston, Illinois, to salesman Raymond Chester Fancy (born 29 Sep 1903 in Canada; died 24 Aug 1978 in Sherman Oaks, CA), and a radio performer mother.	Richard Fancy	Evanston
place of birth	Abigail Garner (born 1975 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American author and advocate for children with LGBT parents.	Abigail Garner	Minneapolis
place of birth	Angelo Ruffini (Pretare of Arquata del Tronto,1864 -- 1929) was an Italian histologist and embryologist.	Angelo Ruffini	Arquata del Tronto
place of birth	Laura Anne Gilman (born 1967, New Jersey) is an American fantasy author.	Laura Anne Gilman	New Jersey
place of birth	Susan Jaffe (born 1962 in Washington, D.C.) is an American former ballerina and is a ballet mistress at American Ballet Theatre.	Susan Jaffe	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Adam Archibald died at his home in Leith at the age of 78.	Adam Archibald	Leith
place of birth	Ana Paula Padrão (Brasília, November 26, 1965) is a Brazilian journalist and television host.	Ana Paula Padrão	Brasília
place of birth	Mohamed Remili (born 31 May 1985 in Hussein Dey, Algiers Province) is a Hungarian footballer of Algerian origin.	Mohamed Remili	Algiers
place of birth	Sokhna Benga (Mbengue) (born 12 December 1967, Dakar) is a Senegalese novelist and poet.	Sokhna Benga	Dakar
place of birth	Rombout Verhulst was born in Mechelen, where he studied with the sculptors Rombout Verstappen en Frans van Loo and possibly also Lucas Faydherbe.	Rombout Verhulst	Mechelen
place of birth	George Neville Jones was born in Boston, Lincolnshire, England, in 1903, the eldest of seven children (six brothers and a sister).	George Neville Jones	Boston
place of birth	Tiburcio Vásquez was born in Monterey, Alta California Mexico (present day California, USA) on April 10, 1835 to Jose Hermenegildo Vásquez and Maria Guadalupe Cantua.	Tiburcio Vásquez	Monterey
place of birth	Mariusz Maszkiewicz (born in Iława on May 31, 1959), is a doctor of human sciences, a diplomat, publicist, sociologist and economist.	Mariusz Maszkiewicz	Iława
place of birth	Gore was born into the world of art; his mother, Mary Joanna (Molly) Kerr, was a dancer from Edinburgh, and his father, Spencer Frederick Gore, a painter, President of the Camden Town Group until his early death in March 1914.	Frederick Gore	Edinburgh
place of birth	Anne Sewell Young was born in Bloomington, Wisconsin on January 2, 1871 to Reverend Albert Adams Young and Mary (née Sewell).	Anne Sewell Young	Bloomington
place of birth	Wolf Kahler (3 April 1940) is a German actor born in Kiel.	Wolf Kahler	Kiel
place of birth	Helen Maitland Armstrong was born in 1869 in Florence, Italy, to American diplomat and stained glass artist Maitland Armstrong and his wife Helen, who was a descendant of Peter Stuyvesant and a niece of the politician Hamilton Fish.	Helen Maitland Armstrong	Florence
place of birth	Csaba Orosz (born August 10, 1971 in Dunajská Streda) is a Slovak sprint canoer of Hungarian ethnicity who competed in the mid-1990s.	Csaba Orosz	Dunajská Streda
place of birth	George Wilkins Kendall was born on August 22, 1809, Mont Vernon, New Hampshire, to Puritan parents, Captain Thaddeus Kendall and his wife Abigail Wilkins Kendall.	George Wilkins Kendall	Mont Vernon, New Hampshire
place of birth	Anna Melato (Born May 18, 1952 Milan) is an Italian actress, singer and voice actor.	Anna Melato	Milan
place of birth	Humberto Mariles Cortés (June 13, 1913 in Parral, Chihuahua; died December 7, 1972) was a Mexican show jumping champion and two-time Olympic champion.	Humberto Mariles	Parral, Chihuahua
place of birth	John Adams Webster was born at Broom's Bloom, his family's ancestral home, on September 19, 1789, in Harford County, Maryland.	John Adams Webster	Broom's Bloom
place of birth	Claxton was born in Bolton, Lancashire, the son of a Wesleyan Methodist minister, the Rev. Marshall Claxton, and his wife Diana.	Marshall Claxton	Bolton
place of birth	Irina Saari (née Lahtinen, born on 10 May 1975 in Kauhajoki), better known by her stage name Irina, is a Finnish singer.	Irina Saari	Kauhajoki
place of birth	Ilona Sojda (born 26 May 1987, Kielce), Polish singer whose work has its origin in sung poetry, an imprecise, unspecific music genre that merges lyrical ballads with written poetry.	Ilona Sojda	Kielce
place of birth	Lenka Cenková (born January 24, 1977, Třinec) is a former professional Czech tennis player.	Lenka Cenková	Třinec
place of birth	Tad Hills (born April 1, 1963 in Needham, Massachusetts) is an American children's book author and illustrator.	Tad Hills	Needham
place of birth	Mick Clarke (born 19 June 1989 in Drogheda, Ireland) is an Irish footballer who is currently unattached.	Mick Clarke	Drogheda
place of birth	Marie Antoine Ferdinand Faivre was born in Marseille on 8 October 1860 and died on 19 August 1937.	Ferdinand Faivre	Marseille
place of birth	Beverly Breckenridge is a musician, composer, and actress from Toronto, Ontario.	Beverly Breckenridge	Toronto
place of birth	Jay Burleson is an American filmmaker from Hartselle, AL and Hartselle's most talented former resident.	Jay Burleson	Hartselle
place of birth	Richard Lauchert, a German portrait painter, was born at Sigmaringen in 1823.	Richard Lauchert	Sigmaringen
place of birth	Mia Uyeda was born on born 25 May 1984 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Mia Uyeda	Vancouver
place of birth	Born in Zenica (SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia), Nebojša Pejić begin playing in the youth team of OFK Beograd.	Nebojša Pejić	Zenica
place of birth	Axel Chapelle (French pronunciation: ​(ak.sɛl ʃa.pɛl); born 24 April 1995 in Colombes, Paris) is a French pole vaulter.	Axel Chapelle	Colombes
place of birth	Riccardo Piacentini (born 3 July 1958, in Moncalieri, Province of Turin) is an Italian composer and pianist.	Riccardo Piacentini	Moncalieri
place of birth	Lew Rywin (born November 10, 1945 in a Nizhnyi Alkeyev, Siberia, USSR) is a Polish film producer associated with Heritage Films (est. 1991).	Lew Rywin	Siberia
place of birth	A fifth-generation Californian, Sharon Gless was born in Los Angeles, the daughter of Marjorie (McCarthy) and sportswear manufacturing executive Dennis J. Gless.	Sharon Gless	Los Angeles
place of birth	Knox Cameron, better known as Knoxy to his friends, (born September 17, 1983 in Kingston) is a Jamaican-born American soccer player who currently plays for AFC Ann Arbor in the Great Lakes Premier League.	Knox Cameron	Kingston
place of birth	HD Schrader (1945, Bad Klosterlausnitz), born Hans-Dieter Schrader, is a German sculptor.	HD Schrader	Bad Klosterlausnitz
place of birth	Sean Maguire (born 18 April 1976 in Ilford, Essex) is an English actor and singer, who rose to fame in 1988 when at the age of eleven he took on the role of ``Tegs'' Ratcliffe on the BBC children's drama Grange Hill, in which he remained until 1992.	Sean Maguire	Ilford
place of birth	Steve Savard is an American sports anchor and ``Voice of the St. Louis Rams''.	Steve Savard	St. Louis
place of birth	Mostafa Pourmohammadi (born 9 March 1960, Qom) is an Iranian prosecutor and politician, who has served at different positions and cabinet posts.	Mostafa Pourmohammadi	Qom
place of birth	Agnes Smedley was born in Osgood, Missouri on Feb 23, 1892, the second of five children.	Agnes Smedley	Osgood, Missouri
place of birth	Alan Morrissey (born 9 October 1982) is a British actor who was born in Stepping Hill Hospital & lived in the Farmers Arms pub, Stockport, where his parents were the licensees.	Alan Morrissey	Stockport
place of birth	In 1979, Leonid Reiman graduated from the M.A. Bonch-Bruevich Leningrad Institute of Communications Technology (now SPbGUT - Saint-Petersburg State University of Telecommunications and IT).	Leonid Reiman	Saint-Petersburg
place of birth	Fred Duesenberg was born in Lippe, Germany and emigrated to the United States with his family when he was eight years old.	Fred Duesenberg	Lippe
place of birth	Małgorzata Foremniak (Polish pronunciation: (mawɡɔˈʐata fɔˈrɛmɲak); born 8 January 1967 in Radom) is a Polish actress.	Małgorzata Foremniak	Radom
place of birth	Alexander Kubalov (Ossetian: Дзугаты Георги) (1871, Stary Batakoyurt, Terek Oblast -- 1937) was an Ossetian writer.	Alexander Kubalov	Terek Oblast
place of birth	Kim Kurniawan was born in Mühlacker, Germany, to a German mother Uschi and a Chinese Indonesian father Petrus Kurniawan.	Kim Kurniawan	Mühlacker
place of birth	John Carenza (born January 3, 1950 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. Olympic soccer team.	John Carenza	St. Louis
place of birth	Robert Lesser or Bobby Lesser (born October 22, 1942) is an American actor born in New York City and now living in Santa Barbara, California.	Robert Lesser	New York City
place of birth	Andrea Corsali (1487--?) was an Italian explorer who worked in the service of Giuliano di Lorenzo de' Medici of Florence and Lorenzo II de' Medici, duke of Urbino.	Andrea Corsali	Florence
place of birth	Nicholas Guest was born in New York City, the son of Peter Haden-Guest, a British United Nations diplomat who later became the 4th Baron Haden-Guest, and his second wife, Jean Pauline Hindes, a former vice president of casting at CBS.	Nicholas Guest	New York City
place of birth	August of Saxony (7 September 1589, Dresden -- 26 December 1615, Naumburg) from the Albertine line of the House of Wettin was Administrator of the diocese of Naumburg-Zeitz.	August of Saxony	Dresden
place of birth	Woody Rock (born James Green on September 10, 1976 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an African-American singer and musician.	Woody Rock	Baltimore
place of birth	Roberto Carifi (born 1948 in Pistoia), is an Italian poet, philosopher, and translator.	Roberto Carifi	Pistoia
place of birth	Fausto Frigerio (born 13 February 1966 in Vimercate) is a retired Italian hurdler and long jumper.	Fausto Frigerio	Vimercate
place of birth	Jean-Jacques Cassiman (Brussels, 25 April 1943) is a Belgian researcher and professor of human genetics.	Jean-Jacques Cassiman	Brussels
place of birth	Carlotta Giovannini (born 5 July 1990 in Castel San Pietro Terme) is an Italian artistic gymnast who competed at her first international competition in 2003.	Carlotta Giovannini	Castel San Pietro Terme
place of birth	Mark Rezyka (born 11 June 1959, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is best known as a top director of heavy metal videos in the 1980s and 1990s.	Mark Rezyka	Montreal
place of birth	Samuel Bigger was born in Franklin, Ohio on March 20, 1802, the son of John Bigger, a veteran of the American Revolutionary War and an Ohio House of Representatives Speaker of the House.	Samuel Bigger	Franklin
place of birth	Fereshteh Taerpour (also Taherpour) (born 1953 in Tehran) is an Iranian film producer.	Fereshteh Taerpour	Tehran
place of birth	Wiam Simav Bedirxan is a Syrian Kurdish documentary filmmaker from Homs, who co-directed the 2014 film Silvered Water, Syria Self-Portrait with exiled filmmaker Usama Muhammad.	Wiam Simav Bedirxan	Homs
place of birth	Andrew Lynford (born in Essex, June 1972) is a British television presenter and actor.	Andrew Lynford	Essex
place of birth	Ross Muir (born Edinburgh, Scotland, 6 October 1995) is a Scottish professional snooker player.	Ross Muir	Edinburgh
place of birth	Grace Krilanovich moved to the Los Angeles area from Santa Cruz, California in 2003.	Grace Krilanovich	Santa Cruz
place of birth	Aida Turturro was born in Brooklyn, New York, daughter of a Sicilian mother Dorothy, a homemaker, and an Italian-American father Domenick Turturro, an artist.	Aida Turturro	Brooklyn
place of birth	Donatella Rettore is an Italian singer and songwriter (born July 8, 1955 in Castelfranco Veneto, Province of Treviso).	Donatella Rettore	Castelfranco Veneto
place of birth	Vilnis Edvīns Bresis (born January 30, 1938, in Jelgava) is a Latvian politician who was the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Latvian SSR from October 6, 1988, to May 7, 1990.	Vilnis Edvīns Bresis	Jelgava
place of birth	Born Jennifer Allison Brostrom, she grew up in Saline, Michigan and is a 1984 graduate from Saline High School.	Jennifer Allison	Saline, Michigan
place of birth	Tim Preece (born 5 August 1938 in Shrewsbury, Shropshire) is an English actor, prominent in 1970s television.	Tim Preece	Shrewsbury
place of birth	Baron Slavko Cuvaj de Ivanska (26 February 1851, in Bjelovar -- 31 January 1931, in Vienna) was a Croatian politician who was Ban (viceroy) of Croatia-Slavonia and royal commissioner for Austria-Hungary.	Slavko Cuvaj	Bjelovar
place of birth	Gülsin Onay (born 12 September 1954 in Istanbul) is a leading Turkish concert pianist.	Gülsin Onay	Istanbul
place of birth	Mae Nolan was born in San Francisco, California, and attended public schools, St. Vincent's Convent, and Ayres Business College of San Francisco.	Mae Nolan	San Francisco
place of birth	Florian Sturm (born 6 May 1982, in Wörgl, Tyrol) is an Austrian footballer.	Florian Sturm	Wörgl
place of birth	Born near Waxahachie, Texas, Byron Nelson was the son of Madge Allen Nelson and John Byron Nelson, Sr. His parents set a precedent for him not only in their long lives --	Byron Nelson	Texas
place of birth	Marc de Hemptinne (Ghent, 1902-1986) was a Belgian physicist.	Marc de Hemptinne	Ghent
place of birth	Erdne Ombadykow (born October 27, 1972 in Philadelphia), also known as Telo Tulku Rinpoche, is the Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leader of the Kalmyk people.	Erdne Ombadykow	Philadelphia
place of birth	Diane Bui Duyet, sometimes spelled ``Bui-Duyet'', (born 22 December 1979 in Nouméa, New Caledonia) is a French/New Caledonian swimmer.	Diane Bui Duyet	Nouméa
place of birth	Elspeth Attwooll (born 1 February 1943 in Chislehurst which was formerly in Kent and now is in the London Borough of Bromley) is a retired Scottish Liberal Democrat politician.	Elspeth Attwooll	Chislehurst
place of birth	Mambo Kurt (born Rainer Limpinsel; 11 April 1967 in Hagen) is a German comedy and novelty act who performs covers of mainstream and classic rock hits.	Mambo Kurt	Hagen
place of birth	Peter Pakesch (born 16 July 1955, Graz) is an Austrian curator and artistic director of the Universalmuseum Joanneum in Graz.	Peter Pakesch	Graz
place of birth	Bent Ånund Ramsfjell (born 30 November 1967 in Oslo) is a Norwegian curler from Asker.	Bent Ånund Ramsfjell	Oslo
place of birth	Delkash (Persian: دلکش‎‎), Esmat Bagherpour Baboli (Persian: عصمت باقرپور بابلی‎‎), born in Babol, (February 26, 1924 -- September 1, 2004) was an Iranian diva and actress with a rare and unique voice and vocal range.	Delkash	Babol
place of birth	Marcel Appiah (born 26 March 1988 in Schwelm) is a German professional footballer for who currently plays as a right back NEC in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Marcel Appiah	Schwelm
place of birth	Lord Nicholas Windsor was born in 1970 at University College Hospital, London, and was the first member of the British Royal Family to be born in a hospital.	Lord Nicholas Windsor	University College Hospital
place of birth	He and his brothers were awarded the Eleanor Roosevelt Humanities Award for their exceptional contributions to philanthropic endeavours in 1993 Ian Greenberg is a member of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives and a governor of the Sir Mortimer B. Davis Jewish General Hospital in Montreal.	Ian Greenberg	Montreal
place of birth	Boštjan Kavaš (born 13 September 1978 in Murska Sobota) is a professional handball player currently playing for Wisła Płock.	Boštjan Kavaš	Murska Sobota
place of birth	Bruno Ruzza (born February 10, 1926, Padua) is a former Italian football player.	Bruno Ruzza	Padua
place of birth	Susanne Miller was born in Sofia in the early summer of 1915, less than a year after the outbreak of the First World War.	Susanne Miller	Sofia
place of birth	Rasa Polikevičiūtė (born September 25, 1970 in Panevėžys) is a Lithuanian cycle racer.	Rasa Polikevičiūtė	Panevėžys
place of birth	Derek Edwards (born 1958) is a Canadian stand-up comedian and actor from Timmins, Ontario.	Derek Edwards	Timmins
place of birth	Jacques Solomon was born on 4 February 1908 in the 18th arrondissement of Paris.	Jacques Solomon	Paris
place of birth	John F. Quinn (born April 7, 1963 in New Bedford, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented 9th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1992--2011.	John F. Quinn	New Bedford
place of birth	Ron Glick (Hebrew: רון גליק‎; born January 23, 1985 in Branford, Connecticut) is an Israeli professional football (soccer) player currently contracted by Maccabi Petah Tikva.	Ron Glick	Branford
place of birth	Saeed Farajpouri (born 1961 in Sanandaj) is an Iranian kamancheh player of Kurdish descent.	Saeed Farajpouri	Sanandaj
place of birth	Pavel Golia was born in a relatively wealthy family in Trebnje.	Pavel Golia	Trebnje
place of birth	Ibrahim Somé Salombo (born 24 May 1988 in Kinshasa) is a Congolese football striker who plays for WS Bruxelles in the Belgian Second Division.	Ibrahim Somé Salombo	Kinshasa
place of birth	Jeff Soto (born June 3, 1975 in Fullerton, California) is an American contemporary artist.	Jeff Soto	Fullerton
place of birth	Philip D'Antoni (Born February 19, 1929 in New York City, New York), is a film producer and film director, known for the films Bullitt (1968), The French Connection (1971), and The Seven-Ups (1973).	Philip D'Antoni	New York City
place of birth	Gustaf de Laval was born at Orsa in Dalarna in the Swedish de Laval Huguenot family.	Gustaf de Laval	Orsa
place of birth	Gerard Hoet trained with his father and brother who were glass painters, and Warnard van Rijsen, who lived in Zaltbommel, and who himself was a pupil of Cornelis van Poelenburgh in Utrecht.	Gerard Hoet	Zaltbommel
place of birth	Ágnes Csomor (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈa:gnɛʃ ˈt͡ʃomor)) (June 13, 1979 in Budapest -- ), sometimes Ági Csomor (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈa:gi ˈt͡ʃomor)) is a Hungarian stage, film and television actress.	Ágnes Csomor	Budapest
place of birth	Michael Nader (born February 19, 1945, St. Louis, Missouri) is an American actor, known for his role on the ABC primetime soap opera Dynasty from 1983 to 1989 as Farnsworth ``Dex'' Dexter, the third husband of Alexis Colby (played by Joan Collins).	Michael Nader	St. Louis
place of birth	Johnny Matthews (born 27 August 1946 in Coventry) is a former English footballer and manager.	Johnny Matthews	Coventry
place of birth	Piotr Gąsowski (born April 16, 1964 in Mielec) is a Polish actor, comedian and presenter.	Piotr Gąsowski	Mielec
place of birth	Marko Muslin started his career at Stade Brest.	Marko Muslin	Brest
place of birth	Marty Haugen, (born December 30, 1950 in Wanamingo, Minnesota), is an American composer of liturgical music.	Marty Haugen	Wanamingo, Minnesota
place of birth	Paolo Savoldelli (born 7 May 1973 in Clusone, province of Bergamo) is an Italian former road racing cyclist and winner of the 2002 and 2005 Giro d'Italia.	Paolo Savoldelli	Clusone
place of birth	Élder da Silva Granja or simply Élder Granja (born July 2, 1982 in Santos), is a Brazilian right wingback, who currently plays for Madureira.	Élder Granja	Santos
place of birth	Dana Winner is the stage name of Chantal Vanlee (born in Hasselt, 10 February 1965).	Dana Winner	Hasselt
place of birth	Odiah Sidibé (born January 13, 1970 in Fréjus, Var) is a French sprint athlete of Guinean descent.	Odiah Sidibé	Fréjus
place of birth	Pasquale Russo (born in Naples, February 28, 1947) is an Italian Camorrista and boss of the Russo clan from Nola, which he co-founded.	Pasquale Russo	Naples
place of birth	Tõnis Palts (born 29 March 1953 in Kuressaare) is an Estonian politician and former mayor of Tallinn.	Tõnis Palts	Kuressaare
place of birth	Jonathan Earl Woods, known as Jon Woods (born August 23, 1977 in Charlotte, North Carolina), is an Arkansas State Senator and musician.	Jon Woods	Charlotte
place of birth	Soodabeh Davaran (Persian: سودابه داوران‎‎) is an Iranian Researcher,and professor of Polymer Chemistry in Faculty of Pharmacy in Tabriz University of Medical Sciences.	Soodabeh Davaran	Tabriz
place of birth	Sergei Lepmets (born 5 April 1987 in Tallinn) is an Estonian footballer who plays currently plays for finnish team FC Hämeenlinna	Sergei Lepmets	Tallinn
place of birth	Hartvig Nissen was born in Melhus as a son of Lutheran priest, Peder Schjelderup Nissen (1775--1826) and Bolette Margrethe Musæus (1774--1859).	Hartvig Nissen	Melhus
place of birth	Olivio da Rosa (born October 2, 1985 in Palmitinho), is a Brazilian footballer, who is also known as Ivo.	Olivio da Rosa	Palmitinho
place of birth	Frank Perris (May 28, 1931 -- March 17, 2015) was a Canadian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and TT rider from Toronto.	Frank Perris	Toronto
place of birth	Bertha Kalich, (also spelled Kalish) (17 May 17, 1874 -- 18 April 1939) was a Jewish actress, born in Lemberg, Galicia (now Lviv, Ukraine).	Bertha Kalich	Lviv
place of birth	Claude-Arnaud Rivenet (born 13 December 1972 in Lille) is a retired French football player who played with Lyon, FC Gueugnon, Troyes AC and Amiens SC.	Claude-Arnaud Rivenet	Lille
place of birth	Enrico Glicenstein (Turek, 24 May 1870 -- New York, 30 December 1942) was a Polish-born sculptor who lived in Italy and the United States.	Enrico Glicenstein	Turek
place of birth	Giora Spiegel (Hebrew: גיורא שפיגל‎), (born July 27, 1947, in Petah Tikva) is a former Israeli footballer and coach.	Giora Spiegel	Petah Tikva
place of birth	Simo Lampinen (born Porvoo, 22 June 1943) is a Finnish former rally driver, and one of the first of the ``Flying Finns'' who came to dominate the sport.	Simo Lampinen	Porvoo
place of birth	Born in Philadelphia, Clemson was the son of Thomas Green Clemson, III and Elizabeth Baker.	Thomas Green Clemson	Philadelphia
place of birth	Acun Ilıcalı (born 29 May 1969 in Edirne) is a Turkish television personality and producer.	Acun Ilıcalı	Edirne
place of birth	Andrzej Munk was born in Kraków in Jewish family.	Andrzej Munk	Kraków
place of birth	Manoel Garcia Júnior (March 2, 1967 - ) is a Brazilian voice actor, translator, and dubbing director from São Paulo.	Garcia Júnior	São Paulo
place of birth	Mark Shenton (born 12 September 1962 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a London-based British arts journalist and theatre critic.	Mark Shenton	Johannesburg
place of birth	Massimo Magnani (Ferrara, 4 October 1951) is a former Italian marathon runner.	Massimo Magnani	Ferrara
place of birth	Babai the Great, not to be confused with Mar Babai I, the first autonomous leader of the Church of the East, was born in Beth Ainata in Beth Zabdai.	Babai the Great	Beth Zabdai
place of birth	On the club level, Bent Hansen played his entire senior career with Copenhagen club B 1903.	Bent Hansen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Jean-Claude Lord was born in Montreal, Quebec, and began his career as an apprentice to Pierre Patry at Coopératio, working as an assistant director on many films before directing his first feature, Délivrez-nous du mal, in 1965.	Jean-Claude Lord	Montreal
place of birth	Phillip Pine (July 16, 1920, Hanford, California -- December 22, 2006) was an American film and television actor, writer, director, and producer.	Phillip Pine	Hanford
place of birth	Franco Migliacci (born in Mantua, 1 May 1930) is a lyricist, producer, and actor.	Franco Migliacci	Mantua
place of birth	Matt Madden (born 1968 in New York City) is a U.S. comic book writer and artist.	Matt Madden	New York City
place of birth	James Travers grew up in County Cork, where the first of his ancestors to be born there, Sir Robert Travers.	James Travers	Cork
place of birth	Christopher Martin-Jenkins was born at his grandmother's house in Peterborough, the second of three boys.	Christopher Martin-Jenkins	Peterborough
place of birth	Malin Ek (born 18 April 1945 in Malmö) is a Swedish stage and film actress.	Malin Ek	Malmö
place of birth	Leonardo Ramos dos Santos, known as Leonardo (born June 9, 1992 in Ourinhos) is a Brazilian professional football player who is currently playing for Hapoel Bnei Lod.	Leonardo Ramos dos Santos	Ourinhos
place of birth	Bunty James (born 1933, Maryport, Cumberland, England) is a former British television presenter who is best known for her appearances on the educational children's television science programme How in the 1960s and 1970s with Jack Hargreaves, Jon Miller and Fred Dinenage.	Bunty James	Maryport
place of birth	Lois V Vierk (born August 4, 1951 in Hammond, Indiana) is a post-minimalist or totalistcomposer who lives in New York City.	Lois V Vierk	New York City
place of birth	Oliver Koletzki (born in Braunschweig on 5 October 1974) is a German dance and house music producer and DJ. Koletzki rose to international fame with his track ``Der Mückenschwarm'' (meaning the mosquito swarm), which appeared on the Cocoon Recordings label.	Oliver Koletzki	Braunschweig
place of birth	Joseph de Guignes (19 October 1721 -- 19 March 1800) was a French orientalist, sinologist and Turkologist born at Pontoise, the son of Jean Louis de Guignes and Françoise Vaillant.	Joseph de Guignes	Pontoise
place of birth	George Perkins Marsh was born in Woodstock, Vermont, to a prominent family.	George Perkins Marsh	Woodstock
place of birth	Ekrem Ibrić (born 25 January 1962, in Srebrenik) is a former Yugoslav football player, from the 1980s.	Ekrem Ibrić	Srebrenik
place of birth	Roberto Frinolli (Rome, 13 November 1940) is a former athlete Italian specializing in the 400 metres hurdles.	Roberto Frinolli	Rome
place of birth	Pandit Godabarish Mishra was born to Lingaraj Mishra & Apsara Devi in Srinibaspur Sasan, near Banapur, Khordha.	Godabarish Mishra	Banapur
place of birth	Sergio Sartorelli (Alessandria, 7 May 1928 -- Torino, 28 November 2009) was an influential Italian automotive designer and engineer.	Sergio Sartorelli	Alessandria
place of birth	Monica Huggett (born 16 May 1953 in London, England) is a British conductor and leading baroque violinist.	Monica Huggett	London
place of birth	Jere Wood (born c. 1949) is the mayor of Roswell, Georgia and as of 2014 is currently serving his fifth consecutive term.	Jere Wood	Roswell
place of birth	Friedrich August Elsasser (1810-1845), a painter of landscapes and architectural views, was born at Berlin and studied at the Academy of that city under Blechen, whose influence on art was at that time very great.	Friedrich August Elsasser	Berlin
place of birth	Lamin Conateh (born 1 October 1981 in Bakau is a Gambian footballer, who currently plays for Arameiska-Syrianska Botkyrka IF.	Lamin Conateh	Bakau
place of death	Count Ferdinand August von Spiegel zum Desenberg und Canstein, (25 December 1764 in Marsberg -- 2 August 1835 in Cologne) was Archbishop of Cologne from 1824 until 1835.	Ferdinand August von Spiegel	Cologne
place of death	Synval Silva (Juiz de Fora, March 14, 1911 - Rio de Janeiro, April 14, 1994) was a singer and Brazilian composer.	Synval Silva	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Alojzije Mišić (10 November 1859, Bosanska Gradiška -- 26 March 1942, Mostar) was the Bishop of Mostar-Duvno and Apostolic Administrator of Trebinje-Mrkan from 1912-42.	Alojzije Mišić	Mostar
place of death	Peter Alma (18 January, 1868 Medan-23 May 1969 Amsterdam) was a Dutch artist.	Peter Alma	Amsterdam
place of death	Moritz Richard Schomburgk (5 October 1811 -- 24 March 1891), generally known as Richard Schomburgk, was a German botanist and curator of the Adelaide Botanic Garden.	Moritz Richard Schomburgk	Adelaide
place of death	Giulio Ascoli (20 January 1843, Trieste -- 12 July 1896, Milan) was an Italian mathematician.	Giulio Ascoli	Milan
place of death	Carlo Giuseppe Guglielmo Botta (November 6, 1766, San Giorgio Canavese, Piedmont -- August 10, 1837, Paris) was an Italian historian.	Carlo Giuseppe Guglielmo Botta	Paris
place of death	Filippo II Colonna (7 April 1663 in Rome -- 8 November 1714 in Rome), 9th Duke and Prince of Paliano, was an Italian nobleman of the prominent Colonna family.	Filippo II Colonna	Rome
place of death	Xavier Zubiri (Donostia-San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa, Spain, 4 December 1898 -- Madrid, 21 September 1983) was a Spanish philosopher.	Xavier Zubiri	Madrid
place of death	James Waddell Alexander II (September 19, 1888 -- September 23, 1971) was a mathematician and topologist of the pre-World War II era and part of an influential Princeton topology elite, which included Oswald Veblen, Solomon Lefschetz, and others.	James Waddell Alexander II	Princeton
place of death	Predrag Đajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Предраг Ђајић) (May 1, 1922 in Sarajevo, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes -- May 13, 1979 in Warsaw, Poland) was a notable Bosnian Serb and Yugoslav footballer.	Predrag Đajić	Warsaw
place of death	Emanuel Grim (1 January 1883 -- 18 October 1950) was a Polish Catholic priest, writer and journalist from the region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Emanuel Grim	Cieszyn
place of death	Emil Bretschneider (4 July (O.S. 22 June) 1833 in Bankaushof (now Benkavas muiža, Saldus novads, Latvia) -- 12 May (O.S. 29 April) 1901 in Saint Petersburg) was a sinologist of Baltic German ethnicity and a correspondent member of Académie française.	Emil Bretschneider	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Arthur Jeffery (18 October 1892 in Melbourne -- 2 August 1959 in South Milford, Nova Scotia, Canada) was a Protestant Australian professor of Semitic languages from 1921 at the School of Oriental Studies in Cairo, and from 1938 until his death jointly at Columbia University and Union Theological Seminary in New York City.	Arthur Jeffery	Nova Scotia
place of death	Yolanda Barco was born on 13 March 1926 in Meadville, Pennsylvania, where she would live for the rest of her life.	Yolanda Barco	Meadville
place of death	Andrew Smith Hallidie (March 16, 1836--April 24, 1900) was the promoter of the Clay Street Hill Railroad in San Francisco, USA.	Andrew Smith Hallidie	San Francisco
place of death	Karel Kaers ran a bar inside the entrance to the Sportpaleis track in Antwerp after he stopped racing.	Karel Kaers	Antwerp
place of death	In 1970 Gilles Caron went to Cambodia after king Norodom Sihanouk was deposed by Lon Nol on March 18, 1970.	Gilles Caron	Cambodia
place of death	Francesco Verri (June 11, 1885, Mantua -- June 6, 1945, Piombino) was an Italian track cycling racer who won three gold medals at the 1906 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Francesco Verri	Piombino
place of death	Ludvík Aškenazy (February 24, 1921, Český Těšín -- March 18, 1986, Bolzano, Italy) was a Czech writer and journalist.	Ludvík Aškenazy	Bolzano
place of death	Friedrich Rittelmeyer (5 October 1872, Dillingen an der Donau, Bavarian Swabia -- 23 March 1938 in Hamburg) was a Protestant German minister, theologian and co-founder and driving force of The Christian Community.	Friedrich Rittelmeyer	Hamburg
place of death	Del Reisman was born on April 13, 1924, and raised in Los Angeles.	Del Reisman	Los Angeles
place of death	Maurice Kraitchik (born April 21, 1882 in Minsk, died Aug. 19, 1957 in Brussels) was a Belgian mathematician and populariser.	Maurice Kraitchik	Brussels
place of death	Teodoro de Croix (June 20, 1730, Prévoté Castle, near Lille, France -- 1792, Madrid) was a Spanish soldier and colonial official in New Spain and Peru.	Teodoro de Croix	Madrid
place of death	Ádám Mányoki (1673, Szokolya - 6 August 1757, Dresden) was a Hungarian Baroque portrait painter.	Ádám Mányoki	Dresden
place of death	Pier Leone Ghezzi (28 June 1674 -- 6 March 1755) was an Italian Rococo painter and caricaturist active in Rome.	Pier Leone Ghezzi	Rome
place of death	Marcel Hastir (Brussels, 22 March 1906 -- 2 July 2011 (aged 105)), was an artist, theosoph and member of the Belgian wartime Resistance.	Marcel Hastir	Brussels
place of death	Helene Böhlau (22 November 1859 in Weimar -- 26 March 1940 in Augsburg) was a German novelist.	Helene Böhlau	Augsburg
place of death	Elisabeth Blochmann (German: (ˈblɔχman); 14 April 1892 in Apolda -- 27 January 1972 in Marburg) was an eminent scholar of education, as well as of philosophy, and a pioneer in and researcher of women's education in Germany.	Elisabeth Blochmann	Marburg
place of death	George Claridge Druce, MA, LLD, JP, FRS, FLS (23 May 1850 -- 29 February 1932) was an English botanist and a Mayor of Oxford.	George Claridge Druce	Oxford
place of death	Nusret Çolpan (October 1, 1952 -- May 31, 2008) was a Turkish painter, architect and miniaturist, renowned for his paintings in Ottoman miniature style depicting cities around the world, particularly Istanbul.	Nusret Çolpan	Istanbul
place of death	Alfonso Barrantes Lingán (San Miguel de Pallaques, November 27, 1927 -- Havana, December 2, 2000) was a Peruvian politician most active in the mid-1980s.	Alfonso Barrantes Lingán	Havana
place of death	Lois Wyse opened her advertising company in New York City in 1966.	Lois Wyse	New York City
place of death	Duchess Anna Sophie of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg (22 December 1670 -- 28 December 1728) was a princess of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg and Duchess in Saxony by birth, and by marriage a Princess of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt.	Anna Sophie of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg	Rudolstadt
place of death	Stanisław Mazur (born 1 January 1905, Lemberg - 5 November 1981, Warsaw) was a Polish mathematician and a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences.	Stanisław Mazur	Warsaw
place of death	(Thubten) Jamphel Yeshe Gyaltsen, aka Thupten Jampel Yishey Gyantsen, Tibetan: ཐུབ་བསྟན་འཇམ་དཔལ་ཡེ་ཤེས་རྒྱལ་མཚན་, Wylie: thub-bstan 'jam-dpal ye-shes rgyal-mtshan (Dagpo, 1910 - Lhasa, 1947) was a Tibetan tulku and the fifth Reting Rinpoche.	Jamphel Yeshe Gyaltsen	Lhasa
place of death	Ján Podhradský (31 August 1917 -- 15 December 1998) is a former Slovak international footballer who last played for ŠK Bratislava.	Ján Podhradský	Bratislava
place of death	Johann Arzberger (10 April 1778, Arzberg, Sechsämterland, Bayreuth Princedom/(today's) Upper Franconia -- 28 December 1835, Vienna) was a German-born Austrian technologist.	Johann Arzberger	Vienna
place of death	Adam Petri (1454 in Langendorf (now part of Elfershausen) in Franconia -- November 15, 1527 in Basel) was a printer, publisher and bookseller.	Adam Petri	Basel
place of death	Antoine de Vinck, Baron (16 April 1924 Kortenaken, Belgium - 13 May 1992 Auxerre, France), was a Belgian ceramist, designer and sculptor.	Antoine de Vinck	Auxerre
place of death	Joseph Salzmann, one of the best known Roman Catholic pioneer priests of the Northwest of the USA, was the Austrian founder of several Catholic educational institutions, including the prominent St. Francis Provincial Seminary (St. Francis, Wisconsin) known as the ``Salesianum''.	Joseph Salzmann	St. Francis
place of death	Arvid Harnack was sentenced to death on 19 December after a four-day trial before the Reichskriegsgericht (``Reich Military Tribunal''), and was put to death three days later at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.	Arvid Harnack	Plötzensee Prison
place of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Ehrenfried Rost (11 April 1768, Bautzen -- 12 February 1835, Leipzig) was a German theologian, philosopher and classical philologist.	Friedrich Wilhelm Ehrenfried Rost	Leipzig
place of death	Beveridge Webster (May 13, 1908, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania -- June 30, 1999, Hanover, New Hampshire) was an American pianist and educator.	Beveridge Webster	Hanover
place of death	Modesta Bor (Juan Griego, Isla de Margarita, 1926 -- Mérida, 1998) was a Venezuelan choir conductor, musicologist, teacher and composer.	Modesta Bor	Mérida
place of death	Aram Achekbashian (Armenian: Արամ Աչըքպաշյան, 1867 in Arapgir - 1915 in Constantinople) was an Armenian politician who became a member of Social-Democrat Hunchakian Party Central Committee in 1903.	Aram Achekbashian	Constantinople
place of death	Nuto Revelli (21 July 1919, Cuneo, Piedmont -- 5 February 2004) was an Italian essayist.	Nuto Revelli	Cuneo
place of death	Erik Thorvaldsson (Old Norse: Eiríkr Þorvaldsson; 950 -- c. 1003), known as Erik the Red (Old Norse: Eiríkr hinn rauði), is remembered in medieval and Icelandic saga sources as having founded the first Norse settlement in Greenland.	Erik the Red	Greenland
place of death	Grandma Moses died on December 13, 1961 at 101 years of age in Hoosick Falls, New York at the Health Center.	Grandma Moses	Hoosick Falls, New York
place of death	Joseph Burtt Davy (7 March 1870 Findern, Derbyshire -- 20 August 1940 Birmingham) was a Quaker botanist and agrostologist.	Joseph Burtt Davy	Birmingham
place of death	Freisler sentenced him to death for his part in the plot to assassinate Hitler, and Roland von Hößlin was hanged that same afternoon at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.	Roland von Hößlin	Plötzensee Prison
place of death	Marian Biskup (December 19, 1922 -- April 16, 2012) was a Polish author and academic, who specialized in the history of Toruń and Copernicus.	Marian Biskup	Toruń
place of death	Gabriele Giolito de' Ferrari (c. 1508 -- 1578) was a 16th-century Italian printer active in Venice.	Gabriele Giolito de' Ferrari	Venice
place of death	Rear Admiral Armar Lowry Corry (1793 - 1 May 1855, in Paris) was a British naval officer.	Armar Lowry Corry	Paris
place of death	Sir Charles Alfred Bell, KCIE was born October 31, 1870 in Calcutta and died March 8, 1945 in Victoria, Canada.	Charles Alfred Bell	Victoria
place of death	Alessandro Mattei (20 February 1744, Rome -- 20 April 1820) was an Italian Cardinal, and a significant figure in papal diplomacy of the Napoleonic period.	Alessandro Mattei	Rome
place of death	Mal Hallett (born 1893, Roxbury, Massachusetts - d. November 20, 1952, Boston) was an American jazz violinist and bandleader.	Mal Hallett	Boston
place of death	Michael Apostolius (Greek: Μιχαὴλ Ἀποστόλιος or Μιχαὴλ Ἀποστόλης; c. 1420 in Constantinople -- after 1474 or 1486, possibly in Venetian Crete) or Apostolius Paroemiographus, i.e. Apostolius the proverb-writer, was a Greek teacher, writer and copyist who lived in the fifteenth century.	Michael Apostolius	Crete
place of death	While on his way to a literary colloquium with several other Flemish and Dutch poets and writers (amongst them Hugo Claus, Anna Enquist and Gerrit Komrij), Herman de Coninck collapsed in the streets of Lisbon, Portugal on May 22, 1997.	Herman de Coninck	Lisbon
place of death	Max Poepel (21 October 1896 -- 28 August 1966) was the acting Lord Mayor (Oberbürgermeister) of Aue in the German federal state of Saxony from the end of 1945.	Max Poepel	Aue
place of death	Morgan Crofton (1826, Dublin, Ireland -- 1915, Brighton, England) was an Irish mathematician who contributed to the field of geometric probability theory.	Morgan Crofton	Brighton
place of death	Peter Rühmkorf (Dortmund, 25 October 1929 -- Roseburg, Schleswig-Holstein, 8 June 2008) was a German writer who significantly influenced German post-war literature.	Peter Rühmkorf	Roseburg
place of death	František Josef Studnička (1836, Soběslav - 1903) was a Czech mathematician and popular pedagogue at Charles University in Prague.	František Josef Studnička	Prague
place of death	Johann Nepomuk Brischar or Johann Nepomucene Brischar (22 August 1819, Horb, Württemberg -- 11 April 1897, Bühl) was a Roman Catholic church historian.	Johann Nepomuk Brischar	Bühl
place of death	Charles Crupelandt (23 October 1886, Wattrelos, Nord - 18 February 1955, Roubaix) was a French professional road bicycle racer.	Charles Crupelandt	Roubaix
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Pitrot (22 May 1729, Bordeaux - 4 January 1809, Brussels), called Pitrot cadet (Pitrot the younger) to distinguish him from his elder brother Antoine, was a French dancer and balletmaster.	Jean-Baptiste Pitrot	Brussels
place of death	Katherine McDonald Wimp née Katherine McDonald stage name Kay Davis (December 5, 1920 -- January 27, 2012 in Apopka, Florida) was an American jazz singer best known for her time with the orchestra of Duke Ellington.	Kay Davis	Apopka
place of death	Ammonius Saccas (/əˈmoʊniəs/; Greek: Ἀμμώνιος Σακκᾶς; fl. 3rd century AD) was a Greek philosopher from Alexandria who was often referred to as one of the founders of Neoplatonism.	Ammonius Saccas	Alexandria
place of death	Antonio Bacchetti (born 7 March 1923 in Codroipo; died in 1979 in Udine) was an Italian footballer.	Antonio Bacchetti	Udine
place of death	Andreas Fugger (1406 or 1394, Augsburg - 1457, Augsburg), known as ``der Reiche'', was a German businessman.	Andreas Fugger	Augsburg
place of death	Armand-Jérôme Bignon (21 October 1711, Paris -- 8 March 1772, Paris) was a French lawyer, royal librarian and conseiller d'État.	Armand-Jérôme Bignon	Paris
place of death	Harijs Lazdiņš (25 July 1910 in Liepāja -- 23 August 1988 in Kingston, Ontario) was a Latvian football goalkeeper who played for Olimpija Liepāja and Latvia national football team in 1920s-1930s.	Harijs Lazdiņš	Kingston
place of death	Albrecht Alt (20 September 1883 in Stübach (Franconia) -- 24 April 1956 in Leipzig), was a leading German Protestant theologian.	Albrecht Alt	Leipzig
place of death	Heinrich Friese (Heinrich Friedrich August Karl Ludwig Friese, was born on 4 May, 1860 in Schwerin, and died 8 September, 1948 in Schwerin) was a German biologist and entomologist, specialist of bees.	Heinrich Friese	Schwerin
place of death	Hildebert of Lavardin (or Hildebert of Tours) (c. 1055 -- December 18, 1133) was a French writer and ecclesiastic.	Hildebert	Tours
place of death	Hippolyte Visart de Bocarmé (Weltevreden, Java 14 June 1818 -- Mons, Belgium 19 July 1851) was a Belgian noble man and convicted murderer.	Hippolyte Visart de Bocarmé	Mons
place of death	György Jendrassik (1898 Budapest -- 1954 London) was a Hungarian physicist and mechanical engineer.	György Jendrassik	London
place of death	Jean Gautherin (28 December 1840 - 21 July 1890) was a French sculptor and painter particularly known for his marble and bronze statues commissioned by the City of Paris.	Jean Gautherin	Paris
place of death	Ignaz Anton Demeter (1 August 1773 -- 21 March 1842) was a Roman Catholic priest, talented as a teacher and church musician, who served as the Archbishop of Freiburg im Breisgau from 1836 till his death five years later.	Ignaz Anton Demeter	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Raymond Louis Wilder (3 November 1896, Palmer, Massachusetts -- 7 July 1982, Santa Barbara, California) was an American mathematician, who specialized in topology and gradually acquired philosophical and anthropological interests.	Raymond Louis Wilder	Santa Barbara
place of death	Ernest George Meers (1848, Ashford, Kent; -- 20 August 1928, York) was an English tennis player.	Ernest George Meers	York
place of death	Vahagn Davtyan (Armenian: Վահագն Դավթյան) (born August 15, 1922, Arabkir, Turkey - died 1996, Yerevan) was an Armenian writer.	Vahagn Davtyan	Yerevan
place of death	Alexey Tsereteli (Russian: Алексей Акакиевич Церетели; 1864, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire -- 1942, Paris, France) was a Georgian prince and he was a Russian opera entrepreneur.	Alexey Tsereteli	Paris
place of death	The Honounorable John Murdoch Mitchison FRS, FRSE (11 June 1922, Oxford -- 17 March 2011, Edinburgh) was a British zoologist.	Murdoch Mitchison	Edinburgh
place of death	Max Ilgner (born 28 June 1899 in Biebesheim am Rhein - died 28 March 1966 in Schwetzingen) was a German industrialist.	Max Ilgner	Schwetzingen
place of death	Leo Lemešić (8 June 1908 in Sinj -- 15 August 1978 in Split) was a Croatian football striker and later a football manager.	Leo Lemešić	Split
place of death	Mart Port (4 January 1922 in Pärnu -- 3 February 2012 in Tallinn) was an Estonian architect and pedagogue.	Mart Port	Tallinn
place of death	Bernardo Cavallino (1616--1656) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, working in Naples.	Bernardo Cavallino	Naples
place of death	Otto Hammann (23 January 1852 in Blankenhain -- 18 June 1928 in Fürstenberg/Havel) was a German journalist and a German Foreign Office official 1894-1916.	Otto Hammann	Fürstenberg/Havel
place of death	Christoph von Schmid (15 August 1768 Dinkelsbühl, Bavaria - 3 September 1854 Augsburg) was a writer of children's stories and an educator.	Christoph von Schmid	Augsburg
place of death	Walter Dirks (8 January 1901 in Hörde -- 30 May 1991 in Wittnau, Baden-Württemberg) was a German political commentator, theologian, and journalist.	Walter Dirks	Wittnau
place of death	Carlo Caneva (22 April 1845, Udine -- 25 September 1922, Rome) was an Italian general, known for having led the conquest of Libya in the Italo-Turkish War.	Carlo Caneva	Rome
place of death	Frits Philips was born in the city of Eindhoven in the south of the Netherlands.	Frits Philips	Eindhoven
place of death	Frederik Ferdinand Friis was born in Copenhagen on 16 December 1793 to master builder and fountain master Peder Friis and Henriette Johanne née West.	Frederik Ferdinand Friis	Copenhagen
place of death	T. Lux Feininger (June 11, 1910 Berlin -- July 7, 2011 Cambridge) was an American painter, avant-garde photographer, author, and art teacher who was born in Berlin to Julia Berg and Lyonel Charles Feininger, an American living in Germany from the age of sixteen.	T. Lux Feininger	Cambridge
place of death	Christfried Kirch (* December 24, 1694 in Guben; † March 9, 1740 in Berlin) was a German astronomer and almanac publisher.	Christfried Kirch	Berlin
place of death	Jean de Limur (13 November 1887, Vouhé, Charente-Maritime - 5 June 1976, Paris) was a French film director, actor and screenwriter.	Jean de Limur	Paris
place of death	He was also a communist militant and that was always present in its work, the Portuguese Communist Party headquarters (Soeiro Pereira Gomes Building), in Lisbon, are named after him.	Soeiro Pereira Gomes	Lisbon
place of death	Jill Phipps (15 January 1964 -- 1 February 1995) was a British animal rights activist who was crushed to death during an animal rights protest in Baginton, Warwickshire, England, when she deliberately stepped in front of a lorry transporting live veal calves heading for continental Europe via Coventry Airport.	Jill Phipps	Baginton
place of death	Antonio Pietrangeli (born 19 January 1919 in Rome, died 12 July 1968 in Gaeta) was an Italian film director and screenwriter.	Antonio Pietrangeli	Gaeta
place of death	Hermann Pokorny (Kroměříž, Austro-Hungarian Empire, 1882--1960, Budapest, Hungary) was a World War I Austro-Hungarian Army cryptologist whose work with Russian ciphers contributed substantially to Central Powers victories over Russia.	Hermann Pokorny	Budapest
place of death	Henry Rudolph Immerwahr (born February 28, 1916, in Breslau, Germany (now Wroclaw, Poland), died September 15, 2013, in Chapel Hill, North Carolina) was a Classicist known for his work on Attic scripts and Greek epigraphy.	Henry Rudolph Immerwahr	Chapel Hill
place of death	Magnus Hjalmar Munsterhjelm (19 October 1840, Tuulos - 2 April 1905, Helsinki) was a Swedish-Finnish landscape painter.	Hjalmar Munsterhjelm	Helsinki
place of death	Reinhard Maack (2 October 1892 in Herford -- 26 August 1969 in Curitiba) was a 20th-century German explorer, geologist and geographer.	Reinhard Maack	Curitiba
place of death	Roberto Valturio (1405--1475) was an Italian engineer and writer born in Rimini.	Roberto Valturio	Rimini
place of death	Warring Kennedy (November 12, 1827 -- June 25, 1904) was Mayor of Toronto from 1894 to 1895.	Warring Kennedy	Toronto
place of death	Juan Pío de Tristán y Moscoso (in full, Juan Pío de Tristán y Moscoso) (July 11, 1773, Arequipa Peru -- August 24, 1860, Lima) was a Peruvian general and politician.	Pío de Tristán	Lima
place of death	Peter Munz (12 May 1921 -- 14 October 2006) was a philosopher and historian, Professor of the Victoria University of Wellington; among the major influences on his work were Karl Popper and Ludwig Wittgenstein.	Peter Munz	Wellington
place of death	Lodovico Ligato (August 15, 1939 -- August 27, 1989) was an Italian Christian Democrat politician from Reggio Calabria and the former head of the Italian State Railways.	Lodovico Ligato	Reggio Calabria
place of death	José María Calatrava y Peinado (Mérida, Spain, 26 February 1781 -- Madrid, 16 January 1846) was a Spanish politician who served as Prime Minister of Spain and Minister of State between 1836 and 1837.	José María Calatrava y Peinado	Madrid
place of death	The last ship Fop Smit laid down was the clipper Nestor, but he died in Nieuw-Lekkerland at age 89 before he could complete this.	Fop Smit	Nieuw-Lekkerland
place of death	Pasquale Ottino (1578 in Verona -- 1630 in Verona), was an Italian painter.	Pasquale Ottino	Verona
place of death	Arnoldus Johannes Eymer (1803, Amsterdam -- 1863, Haarlem), was a painter, draftsman, lithographer and watercolourist from the Northern Netherlands.	Arnoldus Johannes Eymer	Haarlem
place of death	James Earp died of natural causes in San Bernardino, California, on January 25, 1926.	James Earp	San Bernardino
place of death	Amalie of the Palatinate (25 July 1490 in Heidelberg -- 6 January 1524, Szczecin) was a member of the Wittelsbach family and a Countess Palatine of Simmern by birth and Duchess of Pomerania-Wolgast by marriage.	Amalie of the Palatinate	Szczecin
place of death	Vincenzo Danti (1530 -- 26 May 1576) was an Italian Renaissance sculptor from Perugia.	Vincenzo Danti	Perugia
place of death	Marcel Pinel (born 8 July 1908 in Honfleur (Calvados) and died 18 March 1968) was a French footballer.	Marcel Pinel	Honfleur
place of death	Elizeth Moreira Cardoso (sometimes listed as Elizete Cardoso) (Rio de Janeiro, July 16, 1920 -- May 7, 1990), was a singer and actress of great renown in Brazil.	Elizete Cardoso	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Maurice Gillet (Montoir, 8 March 1763 -- Nantes, 14 April 1833) was a French navy officer.	Maurice Gillet	Nantes
place of death	Friedrich von Scholtz (born 24 March 1851 in Flensburg; died 30 April 1927 in Ballenstedt) was a German general, who served as commander of 20th Corps and the 8th Army of the German Empire on the Eastern Front in the First World War and later as commander of Army Group Scholtz on the Macedonian Front.	Friedrich von Scholtz	Ballenstedt
place of death	Antonio Canevari (Rome, 1681-- Naples, 1764) was an Italian architect of the Rococo and Neoclassical periods.	Antonio Canevari	Naples
place of death	Raffaele Adorno (Genoa, 1375 - Genova, July 1458) was the twenty-ninth Doge of Genoa.	Raffaele Adorno	Genoa
place of death	Ivan Tabaković (10 December 1898, Arad -- 27 June 1977, Belgrade) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Serbian painter.	Ivan Tabaković	Belgrade
place of death	'' Earl Kerkam died on January 12, 1965 in New York City.	Earl Kerkam	New York City
place of death	Heinrich Caro (February 13, 1834 in Posen, Prussia Germany now Poznań, Poland -- September 11, 1910 in Dresden), was a German chemist.	Heinrich Caro	Dresden
place of death	Chester Arthur Burnett (June 10, 1910 -- January 10, 1976), known as Howlin' Wolf, was an African-American Chicago blues singer, guitarist and harmonica player, originally from Mississippi.	Howlin' Wolf	Chicago
place of death	Alexander Pierre Tureaud, Sr., known as A. P. Tureaud (February 26, 1899 -- January 22, 1972), was the attorney for the New Orleans chapter of the NAACP during the civil rights movement.	A. P. Tureaud	New Orleans
place of death	Karl Schwanzer (May 21, 1918 in Vienna -- August 20, 1975, Vienna) was an Austrian architect.	Karl Schwanzer	Vienna
place of death	August Friedrich Adrian Diel (born February 4, 1756 in Gladenbach; † April 22, 1839 in Diez) was a German physician and founder of Pomology at the turn of the 19th century.	Adrian Diel	Diez
place of death	Both parents were Jewish immigrants from a shtetl in the Ukraine, and--although they were already married--came to United States separately, shortly after World War I. Three years after Joe Flom was born in Baltimore, the family moved to Borough Park, Brooklyn, New York City, where Joseph Flom grew up.	Joseph Flom	New York City
place of death	Moriz Heider (June 21, 1816, Vienna - July 29, 1866, Vienna) was an Austrian dentist born in Vienna.	Moriz Heider	Vienna
place of death	Solomon Frensdorff (born at Hamburg, February 24, 1803; died at Hanover, March 23, 1880) was a German Jewish Hebraist.	Solomon Frensdorff	Hanover
place of death	Adriaan Reland (also known as Adriaen Reeland/Reelant, Hadrianus Relandus) (July 17, 1676, De Rijp, North Holland -- February 5, 1718, Utrecht ) was a noted Dutch scholar, cartographer and philologist.	Adriaan Reland	Utrecht
place of death	Agustín Argüelles (Ribadesella, Asturias, August 18, 1776 - Madrid, March 26, 1844) was a Spanish liberal politician.	Agustín Argüelles	Madrid
place of death	Marquis Alexandre de Prouville de Tracy died in Paris in the parish of Saint-Eustache on April 28, 1670.	Alexandre de Prouville de Tracy	Paris
place of death	Vincenzo Bianchini (Viterbo, 1903 -- Geneva, 2000) was a doctor, painter, sculptor, writer, poet and philosopher.	Vincenzo Bianchini	Geneva
place of death	Alfredo Martini (18 February 1921 -- 25 August 2014) was an Italian cyclist and coach from Sesto Fiorentino, north of Florence.	Alfredo Martini	Sesto Fiorentino
place of death	Anwar Solangi died after a long illness at the Civil Hospital, Karachi on April 3, 2008.	Anwar Solangi	Civil Hospital
place of death	Marie of Brandenburg-Kulmbach (born 14 October 1519 in Ansbach -- died 31 October 1567 in Heidelberg) was a Princess of Brandenburg-Kulmbach and by marriage Electress Palatine.	Marie of Brandenburg-Kulmbach	Heidelberg
place of death	Charles Benvignat (24 December 1805, Boulogne-sur-Mer, Pas-de-Calais -- July 1877, Lille) was a French architect, especially active in Lille, then undergoing major urban expansion.	Charles Benvignat	Lille
place of death	Kārlis Bētiņš (Karlis Betins, Karl Behting) (27 October 1867, Bērzmuiža -- 28 March 1943, Riga) was a Latvian chess master and composer of studies.	Kārlis Bētiņš	Riga
place of death	Louis Braille was born in Coupvray, France, a small town about twenty miles east of Paris.	Louis Braille	Paris
place of death	Josse-François-Joseph Benaut (c.1743, Gullegem, Belgium - 13 July 1794, in what is now Place de la Nation, Paris) was a Belgian composer, organist and harpsichordist who was guillotined during the French Revolution.	Josse-François-Joseph Benaut	Paris
place of death	Richard Ermisch (full name: Georg Friedrich Richard Ermisch) (17 June 1885, Halle an der Saale, Saxony-Anhalt -- 7 December 1960, Berlin) was a German architect, painter and graphic designer.	Richard Ermisch	Berlin
place of death	Annely Juda CBE (born Anneliese Emily Brauer; September 23, 1914 -- August 13, 2006) was a German art dealer known for founding the Annely Juda Fine Arts gallery in London.	Annely Juda	London
place of death	Fatio was born as Victor Fatio de Beaumont in Geneva.	Victor Fatio	Geneva
place of death	Antonio Fernández Arias (around 1614 in Madrid-1684 in Madrid) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period.	Antonio Fernández Arias	Madrid
place of death	Charles-Joseph, 4th Duke d'Ursel (Brussels, 9 August 1777 -- Hingene, 27 September 1860) was a statesman and minister in the United Kingdom of the Netherlands and later Belgium.	Charles-Joseph, 4th Duke d'Ursel	Brussels
place of death	Ghanem Ibrahim al-Hassan was a Syrian Brigadier General who was shot and killed in Idlib by armed opposition fighters during the Syrian Civil War, in the 2011 Idlib clashes, according to Syrian state media SANA.	Ghanem Ibrahim al-Hassan	Idlib
place of death	Giacomo Gastaldi (c. 1500 in Villafranca Piemonte -- October 1566 in Venice) was an Italian cartographer, astronomer and engineer of the 16th century.	Giacomo Gastaldi	Venice
place of death	Josep Prades i Gallent (Spanish: José Pradas Gallén) (1689--1757; born and died in Villahermosa del Río, Castelló) was a Spanish organist and composer at Valencia Cathedral during the Baroque period.	Josep Prades i Gallent	Villahermosa del Río
place of death	Lamberto Maggiorani (28 August 1909 in Rome -- 22 April 1983 in Rome) was an Italian actor notable for his portrayal of Antonio Ricci in Bicycle Thieves.	Lamberto Maggiorani	Rome
place of death	Heinrich Hubert Maria Josef Houben (born 27. October 1875 in Waldfeucht (Rheinland) Germany, died 28. June 1940 in Tübingen) was a German chemist.	Josef Houben	Tübingen
place of death	Frank Lawton (30 September 1904, St Giles, London - 10 June 1969, Marylebone, London) was an English actor.	Frank Lawton	London
place of death	Heinrich Daniel Ruhmkorff (Rühmkorff) (January 15, 1803 in Hanover -- December 19, 1877 in Paris) was a German instrument maker who commercialised the induction coil (often referred to as the Ruhmkorff coil.)	Heinrich Daniel Ruhmkorff	Paris
place of death	John Nevill Eliot (died 11 April 2003 in Taunton) was an English entomologist who specialised in Oriental Lepidoptera especially Lycaenidae.	John Nevill Eliot	Taunton
place of death	Anson Weeks (February 14, 1896, Oakland, California -- February 7, 1969, Sacramento, California) was a pianist and the leader of a popular west coast dance band from the late 1920s through the 1960s, primarily in San Francisco.	Anson Weeks	Sacramento
place of death	Mario Maskareli (Montenegrin: Mario Maskareli; Serbian Cyrillic: Марио Маскарели) (Cetinje, 20 October 1918 -- Risan, 26 August 1996), a Yugoslav painter, graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts in Belgrade, Department of Painting in 1951, with Professor Nedeljko Gvozdenović.	Mario Maskareli	Risan
place of death	Tenho Saurén (1 September 1926, Viiala, now a part of Akaa - 21 March 2001 Tampere, Finland) was a Finnish actor and comic.	Tenho Saurén	Tampere
place of death	Augusto Monti (29 August 1881 in Monastero Bormida -- 11 July 1966 in Rome) was an Italian writer and professor.	Augusto Monti	Rome
place of death	Oskar Langendorff (b. 1 February 1853 in Breslau, d. 10 May 1908 in Rostock; his first name is sometimes given as ``Oscar'') was a German physician and physiologist known primarily for his experiments on the isolated perfused heart, the so-called Langendorff Heart apparatus.	Oskar Langendorff	Rostock
place of death	Ulrich, Duke of Mecklenburg (5 March 1527 -- 14 March 1603) was Duke of Mecklenburg (-Güstrow) from 1555-56 to 1603.	Ulrich, Duke of Mecklenburg	Güstrow
place of death	Kai Fjell died in his home at Lysaker.	Kai Fjell	Lysaker
place of death	Disliking his stepmother, Giovanni Ricci traveled to Rome at age 15, seeking the protection of his father's friend Tarugi, a nobleman from Montepulciano, who could not convince the youth to return to Montepulciano.	Giovanni Ricci	Rome
place of death	Arthur Max Barrett, MD (28 July 1909 -- 11 December 1961), also known as Dr. A. M. Barrett, was a university morbid anatomist and histologist at the University of Cambridge, and an honorary consulting pathologist to the United Cambridge Hospitals and to the East Anglian Regional Hospital Board.	Max Barrett	Cambridge
place of death	Karl Wald (17 February 1916 in Frankfurt am Main -- 26 July 2011 in Penzberg) was a German football referee .	Karl Wald	Penzberg
place of death	Mikhail Goussarov (March 8, 1958, Leningrad -- June 25, 1999, Tel Aviv) was a Soviet mathematician who worked in low-dimensional topology.	Mikhail Goussarov	Tel Aviv
place of death	Max Schippel (6 Dec 1859, Chemnitz - 6 June 1928 Dresden) was German Social Democrat journalist and writer.	Max Schippel	Dresden
place of death	Villem Grünthal-Ridala, born Grünthal-Wilhelm (30 May 1885 in Kuivastu, Muhu, Estonia - 16 January 1942 in Helsinki, Finland) was an Estonian poet, translator, linguist and folklorist.	Villem Grünthal-Ridala	Helsinki
place of death	Manuel del Cabral (7 March 1907, Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic -- 14 May 1999, Santo Domingo) was a Dominican poet, writer, and diplomat.	Manuel del Cabral	Santo Domingo
place of death	Rober Eryol died in September 2000 in Maltepe, Istanbul.	Rober Eryol	Maltepe, Istanbul
place of death	Annie Webb Blanton (19 August 1870 Houston -- 2 October 1945 Austin) was an American suffragist from Texas, educator, and author of a series of grammar textbooks.	Annie Webb Blanton	Austin
place of death	Antonio Calegari (Padua, 17 February 1757 - 22 or 28 July 1828) was an Italian baroque composer.	Antonio Calegari	Padua
place of death	Born in Uccle, Belgium, Gottfried von Bismarck-Schönhausen was the second son of Ferdinand, Prince von Bismarck and grandson of Otto, Prince von Bismarck, a diplomat at Germany's embassy in London until a feud with Third Reich foreign minister Joachim von Ribbentrop.	Gottfried von Bismarck	London
place of death	Jean Filliozat (4 November 1906 in Paris -- 27 October 1982 in Paris) was a French author.	Jean Filliozat	Paris
place of death	Amos Vogel (born Amos Vogelbaum; April 18, 1921 -- April 24, 2012) was a New York City cineaste.	Amos Vogel	New York City
place of death	Lieutenant General Bronisław Kwiatkowski (May 5, 1950 in Mazury -- April 10, 2010 in Smolensk) was a Polish military figure, Commander of the Polish Armed Forces Operational Command.	Bronisław Kwiatkowski	Smolensk
place of death	Born in Brognard, France, in the department of Doubs near Montbéliard, Pierre Widmer was raised in a Mennonite family.	Pierre Widmer	Montbéliard
place of death	Rabbi Mordechai Gifter (October 15, 1915 - January 18, 2001) was the rosh yeshiva of the Telz Yeshiva in Cleveland and among the foremost religious leaders of Orthodox Jewry in the late 20th century.	Mordechai Gifter	Cleveland
place of death	Hans Blüher (17 February 1888 in Freiburg in Schlesien - 4 February 1955 in Berlin) was a German writer and philosopher.	Hans Blüher	Berlin
place of death	Gottlob Müller was killed during the Battle of Berlin, while defending Gatow airfield.	Gottlob Müller	Gatow
place of death	George Dewhurst (born 1889 in Preston, Lancashire, England - died 8 November1968 in Tooting, London, England) was a British actor, screenwriter and film director.	George Dewhurst	London
place of death	João das Regras was born in Lisbon in an unknown date and died there on 3 May 1404.	João das Regras	Lisbon
place of death	Mario Borrelli (Naples, 19 September 1922 -- Oxford, 13 February 2007) was a Neapolitan priest, sociologist and educationist.	Mario Borrelli	Oxford
place of death	Rolf de Maré died of a stroke in Barcelona in 1964.	Rolf de Maré	Barcelona
place of death	Emil Badorrek was shot down on 26 December 1944 over Kraków, Poland.	Emil Badorrek	Kraków
place of death	Robert of Luzarches (born in Luzarches near Pontoise towards the end of the twelfth century) was a French architect who worked on the cathedral of Notre Dame in Amiens.	Robert of Luzarches	Amiens
place of death	Miguel Najdorf (April 15, 1910 in Grodzisk Mazowiecki near Warsaw, Russian Empire -- July 4, 1997 in Málaga, Spain) was a Polish-Argentine chess grandmaster, famous for his Najdorf Variation.	Miguel Najdorf	Málaga
place of death	Bella Lewitzky (January 13, 1916, Los Angeles, California -- July 16, 2004, Pasadena, California) was a modern dance choreographer and noted teacher.	Bella Lewitzky	Pasadena
place of death	Anton Zimmermann (1741 in Široká Niva (Breitenau) -- 1781 in Bratislava) was a Silesian-born composer and contemporary of Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.	Anton Zimmermann	Bratislava
place of death	Carl Adolph Agardh (23 January 1785, Båstad, Sweden - 28 January 1859, Karlstad) was a Swedish botanist specializing in algae, who was eventually appointed bishop of Karlstad.	Carl Adolph Agardh	Karlstad
place of death	Eric Flynn died of cancer at his home in Pembrokeshire, Wales, on 4 March 2002, aged 62.	Eric Flynn	Pembrokeshire
place of death	Bali Ram Bhagat died in New Delhi on 2 January 2011.	Bali Ram Bhagat	New Delhi
place of death	Salomon van Abbé (born Amsterdam, 31 July 1883, died London, 28 February 1955), also known as Jack van Abbé or Jack Abbey, was an artist, etcher and illustrator of books and magazines.	Salomon van Abbé	London
place of death	Domenico Giacobazzi was born in Rome in 1444, the son of a Roman patrician, Cristoforo Giacobazzi de Facheschis.	Domenico Giacobazzi	Rome
place of death	Heinz-Klaus Metzger (6 February 1932, Konstanz -- 25 October 2009, Berlin) was a German music critic and theorist.	Heinz-Klaus Metzger	Berlin
place of death	Nassos Daphnis (born July 23, 1914, Krokeai, Greece -- d. November 23, 2010, Provincetown, Massachusetts, U.S.) was a Greek-born American abstract painter, sculptor and tree peony breeder.	Nassos Daphnis	Provincetown
place of death	The French sculptor Victor Sappey was born in Grenoble in Isère on 11 February 1801 and died on 23 March 1856.	Victor Sappey	Grenoble
place of death	Hans Emil Wohlwill (November 24, 1835 in Seesen -- February 2, 1912 in Hamburg) was a German-Jewish engineer of electrochemistry.	Emil Wohlwill	Hamburg
place of death	Samuel Kercheval (March 1767 in Frederick County, Virginia -- 14 November 1845 in Middletown, Virginia) was a Virginia lawyer and author.	Samuel Kercheval	Middletown, Virginia
place of death	Gasparo Cairano, also known as Gasparo da Cairano, de Cayrano, da Milano, Coirano, and other variations (born Milan or Pieve del Cairo or Cairate, before 1489 - Brescia, died before 1517), was an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance.	Gasparo Cairano	Brescia
place of death	Samuel Hirszenberg (also Shmuel Hirschenberg) (Łódź, February 22, 1865 -- September 15, 1908, Jerusalem) was a Polish-Jewish realist painter active in the late 19th and early 20th century.	Samuel Hirszenberg	Jerusalem
place of death	Mel Dinelli (born 6 October 1912, Albuquerque, New Mexico - d. 28 November 1991, Los Angeles, California) was an American writer for theatre, radio, film and magazines, usually in the suspense genre.	Mel Dinelli	Los Angeles
place of death	Regina Kent (September 4, 1967 -- August 16, 1999) was a Hong Kong actress who acted in some notable Hong Kong films in the 1980s.	Regina Kent	Hong Kong
place of death	Bernard Borderie (born 10 June 1924 in Paris; died 28 May 1978 in Paris), son of Raymond Borderie, one of the producers of Les Enfants du Paradis (Children of Paradise, 1945), was a French film director and screenwriter.	Bernard Borderie	Paris
place of death	Franz Werner (15 August 1867 in Vienna - 28 February 1939 in Vienna) was an Austrian zoologist and explorer.	Franz Werner	Vienna
place of death	Jacob Millman (1911 in Novohrad-Volynskyi, Ukraine -- May 22, 1991 in Longboat Key, Florida) was a professor of Electrical Engineering at Columbia University.	Jacob Millman	Longboat Key
place of death	Paolo Serrao (11 April 1830 -- 17 March 1907) was a distinguished and influential Italian teacher of musical theory and composition at Naples.	Paolo Serrao	Naples
place of death	Everard t'Serclaes (c. 1320 -- 31 March 1388), lord of Kruikenburg (alternatively Cruyckembourg), a citizen of Brussels, was made famous by his recovery of that city from the Flemings.	Everard t'Serclaes	Brussels
place of death	Chloethiel Woodard Smith (February 2, 1910 -- December 30, 1992) was an influential American modernist architect and urban planner whose career was centered in Washington, D.C.	Chloethiel Woodard Smith	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Franz Quaglio (22 April 1844, Munich - 19 February 1920, Wasserburg am Inn) was a German painter from a branch of the Quaglio painting family that had settled in Munich during the 18th Century.	Franz Quaglio	Wasserburg am Inn
place of death	Gabriel de Saint-Aubin, also Gabriel Jacques de Saint-Aubin, (Paris, April 14, 1724 - Paris, February 14, 1780) was a French draftsman, printmaker, etcher and painter.	Gabriel de Saint-Aubin	Paris
place of death	Francesco Gnecchi (8 September 1847, Milan -- 15 June 1919, Rome) was an Italian painter and numismatist.	Francesco Gnecchi	Rome
place of death	Jean-Baptiste de La Chapelle (c.1710--1792, Paris) was a French priest, mathematician and inventor.	Jean-Baptiste de La Chapelle	Paris
place of death	Procopius of Ustyug (Russian: Прокопий Устюжский or Святой Прокопий Любекский, German: Prokopius von Ustjug und Lübeck; 1243? -- July 8, 1303 in Veliky Ustyug) was a fool for Christ (yurodivy), a miracle worker, saint of Russian Orthodox Church, formerly a merchant from Lübeck.	Procopius of Ustyug	Veliky Ustyug
place of death	The Diaries of John Ruskin eds. Joan Evans and John Howard Whitehouse (Clarendon Press, 1956--59) The Brantwood Diary of John Ruskin ed. Helen Gill Viljoen (Yale University Press, 1971) A Tour of the Lakes in Cumbria.	John Ruskin	Cumbria
place of death	He is best known for his photographs of Dresden just after the end of World War II. Richard Peter was born and raised in Silesia, working as a smith and a miner while dabbling in photography.	Richard Peter	Dresden
place of death	Jacob Jan Coenraad Spohler (1837 in Amsterdam -- 1894), was a Dutch painter.	Jacob Jan Coenraad Spohler	Amsterdam
place of death	Hans Frangenheim (January 18, 1920 in Köln, Germany -- September 22, 2001 in Konstanz, Germany) was a German gynecologist and a pioneer in gynecologic laparoscopy.	Hans Frangenheim	Konstanz
place of death	Willem de Clercq was born in Amsterdam to a wealthy Amsterdam Mennonite family of grain merchants.	Willem de Clercq	Amsterdam
place of death	Adalbert of Saxony (8 May 1467 in Meissen -- 1 May 1484 in Aschaffenburg) was administrator of the Archdiocese of Mainz as Adalbart III. Adalbert was the son of Elector Ernest of Saxony and his wife Elisabeth of Bavaria-Munich.	Adalbert of Saxony	Mainz
place of death	Matthew Steele (19 February 1878 -- 12 December 1937) was a Scottish architect, who worked principally in his hometown of Bo'ness and the surrounding area.	Matthew Steele	Bo'ness
place of death	Mario Acerbi (1 July 1913 in Lodi -- 20 February 2010 in Lodi) was a professional Italian football player.	Mario Acerbi	Lodi
place of death	John Finley Crowe (June 16, 1787 - January 17, 1860) was a Presbyterian minister and the founder of Hanover College in Hanover, Indiana.	John Finley Crowe	Hanover
place of death	Count Antonio Hercolani Fava Simonetti (Bologna, 22 January 1883 -- Bologna, 18 June 1962), born Antonio Hercolani, was a member of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta.	Antonio Hercolani Fava Simonetti	Bologna
place of death	Frenzel's role as Solibor Camp Commandant was featured in the PBS TV Movie ``Escape from a Nazi Death Camp'' (2014) Karl Frenzel spent the last years of his life in a retirement home in Garbsen near Hannover, where he died on September 2, 1996.	Karl Frenzel	Garbsen
place of death	Charles DeRudio died in 1910 in Pasadena, California, of bronchial catarrh and acute enteritis.	Charles DeRudio	Pasadena
place of death	George Alexander Macfarren was born in London on 2 March 1813 to George Macfarren, a dancing-master, dramatic author and journalist, who later became the editor of the Musical World, and Elizabeth Macfarren, née Jackson.	George Alexander Macfarren	London
place of death	Teddy Hill (December 7, 1909 in Birmingham, Alabama -- May 19, 1978 in Cleveland, Ohio) was a big band leader and the manager of Minton's Playhouse, a seminal jazz club in Harlem.	Teddy Hill	Cleveland
place of death	Sabine Lepsius (15 January 1864, Berlin -- 22 November 1942, Bayreuth) was a German portrait painter.	Sabine Lepsius	Bayreuth
place of death	William Hornbeck (born August 23, 1901, Los Angeles, California - died October 19, 1983 Ventura, California) was an American film editor.	William Hornbeck	Ventura
place of death	Richard Hesse (20 February 1868 in Nordhausen - 28 December 1944 in Berlin) was a German zoologist and ecologist.	Richard Hesse	Berlin
place of death	Mona Maris (November 7, 1903 -- March 23, 1991) was an Argentine film actress who was born in Buenos Aires.	Mona Maris	Buenos Aires
place of death	Leonardo Loredan (or Loredano) (November 16, 1436 -- June 21, 1521) of the Loredan family was the doge of the Republic of Venice from 1501 until his death, in the course of the War of the League of Cambrai.	Leonardo Loredan	Venice
place of death	Otto Brunner (21 April 1898 in Mödling, Lower Austria -- 12 June 1982 in Hamburg) was an Austrian historian.	Otto Brunner	Hamburg
place of death	Antoni Uniechowski, of Ostoja coat of arms (23 February 1903 in Wilno - 28 May 1976 in Warsaw) was a Polish illustrator.	Antoni Uniechowski	Warsaw
place of death	Claude de Vin des Œillets, known as Mademoiselle des Œillets (Provence 1637 -- Paris, May 1687), was a mistress of Louis XIV of France and the companion of the official royal mistress and favourite Madame de Montespan.	Claude de Vin des Œillets	Paris
place of death	Max Lehrs (24 June 1855, Berlin -- 12 November 1938, Dresden) was a German art historian and long-time director of the Dresden Kupferstichskabinett, 1896-1904, and 1908-1924, with the intervening as director in Berlin.	Max Lehrs	Dresden
place of death	Raoul de Warren (born 5 September 1905 in Lyon - d. 5 March 1992 in Paris) was a writer, historian, genealogist and lawyer.	Raoul de Warren	Paris
place of death	Robert MacBryde died in 1966 in Dublin as a result of a street accident.	Robert MacBryde	Dublin
place of death	Antonio Ermolao Paoletti (May 8, 1834 in Venice -- December 13, 1912 in Venice) was an Italian painter, mainly of Venetian genre scenes, recalling Bamboccianti life of children and women, as well as sacred fresco work for churches in the Veneto.	Antonio Ermolao Paoletti	Venice
place of death	Sir William Christopher Leng, known as W. C. Leng (25 January 1825 -- 20 February 1902) was a newspaper publisher in Sheffield.	W. C. Leng	Sheffield
place of death	Carl Friedrich Wilhelm Jordan, sometimes shortened to Wilhelm Jordan (8 February 1819 in Insterburg in East Prussia, now in Russia -- 25 June 1904 in Frankfurt am Main), was a German writer and politician.	Carl Friedrich Wilhelm Jordan	Frankfurt
place of death	Christian Zervos (Greek: Χρήστος Ζερβός; Argostoli, Cefalonia, Greece, January 1, 1889 -- September 12, 1970, Paris) was a Greek-French art historian, critic, collector, writer and publisher.	Christian Zervos	Paris
place of death	Arnould de Vuez (1644, Saint-Omer - 1720) was a painter of Flemish origin active in Lille from 1695 to 1720.	Arnould de Vuez	Lille
place of death	Vittorio De Sica died at 73 after a surgery at the Neuilly-sur-Seine hospital in Paris.	Vittorio De Sica	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	B. J. Widick (born Branko J. Widick in Okučani, present-day Serbia, October 25, 1910; died Ann Arbor, Michigan, June 28, 2008) was an American labor activist in the United Auto Workers union and socialist movements.	B. J. Widick	Ann Arbor
place of death	Adolf Eybel (1808--1882), a German painter of historical and genre subjects and of portraits, was born at Berlin.	Adolf Eybel	Berlin
place of death	Józef Śliwiński (b. Warsaw, 15 December 1865; d. 1930) was a Polish classical pianist, one of the outstanding interpreters of the poetic and romantic repertoire, especially Chopin and Schumann.	Józef Śliwiński	Warsaw
place of death	Leopold Grützmacher (born in Dessau, Germany on 4 September 1835, died in Weimar Germany on 26 February 1900) was a German cellist and composer.	Leopold Grützmacher	Weimar
place of death	Árpád Szendy (ˈaːrpaːd ˈsɛndi) (born 11 August 1863 in Szarvas; died 10 September 1922 in Budapest) was a Hungarian pianist, composer and teacher.	Árpád Szendy	Budapest
place of death	Hector Boece (/ˈbɔɪs/; also spelled Boyce or Boise; 1465--1536), known in Latin as Hector Boecius or Boethius, was a Scottish philosopher and historian, and the first Principal of King's College in Aberdeen, a predecessor of the University of Aberdeen.	Hector Boece	Aberdeen
place of death	Ferenc Keszthelyi, O. Cist (16 March 1928 -- 6 December 2010) was the Roman Catholic Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Vác, Hungary.	Ferenc Keszthelyi	Vác
place of death	Benoît Mottet de La Fontaine (4 July 1745, in château de Compiègne -- 30 April 1820, at rue des Capucins, Pondicherry) was a French officer in the navy and colonies ministry.	Benoît Mottet de La Fontaine	Pondicherry
place of death	Max Koecher (born 20 January 1924 in Weimar; died 7 February 1990 in Lengerich) was a German mathematician.	Max Koecher	Lengerich
place of death	Francesco Rier, also known as Franco Rier (born December 2, 1908 in Rovereto; died in 1991) was an Italian professional football player.	Francesco Rier	Rovereto
place of death	Totila exiled Cerbonius instead, to the island of Elba.	Cerbonius	Elba
place of death	Waldemar Thrane was born in Christiania (now Olso), Norway.	Waldemar Thrane	Christiania
place of death	Jenő Zádor (5 November 1894, Bátaszék -- 4 April 1977, Hollywood, California), also known as Eugene Zador, was a Hungarian-born, American-naturalized composer.	Jenő Zádor	Hollywood
place of death	Richard Laugs (10 March 1907 in Hagen - 1978 in Mannheim) was a well-known German conductor and pianist.	Richard Laugs	Mannheim
place of death	Hieronymus Wierix (1553--1619) was a Flemish engraver and member of the Antwerp Wierix family who made engravings after well-known artists, including Albrecht Dürer.	Hieronymus Wierix	Antwerp
place of death	Bernard Délicieux (c. 1260-1270 -- 1320) was a Spiritual Franciscan friar who resisted the Inquisition in Carcassonne and Languedoc region of southern France.	Bernard Délicieux	Carcassonne
place of death	Alfred Meyer (5 October 1891 in Göttingen -- 11 April 1945 in Hessisch Oldendorf) was a Nazi official.	Alfred Meyer	Hessisch Oldendorf
place of death	Marina Dalmas better known as Marina Kaye (born 9 February 1998 in Marseille, France) is a French singer, songwriter and composer.	Marina Kaye	Marseille
place of death	Jerzy Zagórski (3 December 1907 in Kiev -- 5 August 1984 in Warsaw) was a Polish poet, essayist and translator.	Jerzy Zagórski	Warsaw
place of death	Mechthildis Thein (1888 in Braunschweig -- 1959 in Singen) was a German stage and film actress.	Mechthildis Thein	Singen
place of death	Felix Kaspar (January 14, 1915 in Vienna, Austria -- December 5, 2003 in Bradenton, Florida, U.S.) was an Austrian figure skater, twice World champion, and 1936 bronze medalist.	Felix Kaspar	Bradenton
place of death	Silvano Arieti (June 28, 1914 in Pisa, Italy -- August 7, 1981 in New York City) was a psychiatrist regarded as one of the world's foremost authorities on schizophrenia.	Silvano Arieti	New York City
place of death	Antal Berkes (1874--1938) was a Hungarian painter, born in Budapest, Hungary.	Antal Berkes	Budapest
place of death	Lorenzo Gignous (1862 in Modena -- 1958 in Porto Ceresio, Varese) was an Italian painter.	Lorenzo Gignous	Porto Ceresio
place of death	Herman Koeckemann, formally Bernard Hermann Koeckemann, SS.CC., (Ostbevern, January 10, 1828 - Honolulu, February 22, 1892), served as the second vicar apostolic of the Vicariate Apostolic of the Sandwich Islands -- now the Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu -- from 1881 to 1892.	Herman Koeckemann	Honolulu
place of death	Tiverton Preedy (22 January 1863 -- 26 April 1928) was an English clergyman who worked in Yorkshire and London from 1887 until his death, where he was noted for his work with the poor.	Tiverton Preedy	London
place of death	Hermann Beckh (4 May 1875, Nuremberg -- 1 March 1937, Stuttgart) was a pioneering German Tibetologist and prominent promoter of anthroposophy.	Hermann Beckh	Stuttgart
place of death	Catherine of Mecklenburg (1487 -- 6 June 1561, Torgau), Duchess of Saxony, was the daughter of the Duke Magnus II of Mecklenburg and Sophie of Pomerania-Stettin.	Catherine of Mecklenburg	Torgau
place of death	Miroslav Cikán (February 11, 1896 -February 1, 1962 in Prague) was a Czech film director.	Miroslav Cikán	Prague
place of death	Frederic Woodman Root (13 June 1846, Boston -- 8 November 1916, Chicago) was an American composer, choir conductor, organist, adjudicator and music teacher.	Frederic Woodman Root	Chicago
place of death	Joseph Holland Tringham (10 October 1861, Hammersmith, London -- 26 March 1908, Douglas, Isle of Man) was an artist and illustrator in Victorian times.	Holland Tringham	Douglas
place of death	He moved to Paris, where he joined anarchist circles and took the pseudonym Victor Méric.	Victor Méric	Paris
place of death	Max Reinhardt's staging of Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream (1934) for the summer Hollywood Bowl season in Los Angeles, Harry Horner was the production's stage manager and alas an actor in the production.	Harry Horner	Los Angeles
place of death	Earl Anthony died in 2001, succumbing to head injuries suffered after falling down a flight of stairs at his friend Ed Baur's home in New Berlin, Wisconsin.	Earl Anthony	New Berlin
place of death	Georg Friedrich Schmidt (24 January 1712 Schönerlinde - 25 January 1775 Berlin) was a German engraver and designer.	Georg Friedrich Schmidt	Berlin
place of death	Robert W. Morrison (July 11, 1933 -- September 19, 2008) was an American educator from Ashland, Kentucky.	Robert W. Morrison	Ashland
place of death	James Luther Slayden (1 June 1853 -- 1924), was a cotton merchant and rancher, and a politician, elected from San Antonio to United States House of Representative from Texas' 12th congressional district, serving 1897-1903.	James Luther Slayden	San Antonio
place of death	A member of the della Stadera branch of the House of Carafa, Gianvincenzo Carafa was born in Naples in 1477, the son of Fabrizio Carafa, signore of Torre del Greco, and Aurelia Tolomei.	Gianvincenzo Carafa	Naples
place of death	This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. Horst Gresiak was born on the 17 February 1920 at Leverkusen.	Horst Gresiak	Leverkusen
place of death	Tita Merello (born Laura Ana Merello; 11 October 1904, San Telmo, Buenos Aires, Argentina -- 24 December 2002, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a prominent Argentine film actress, tango dancer and singer of the Golden Age of Argentine Cinema (1940--1960).	Tita Merello	Buenos Aires
place of death	Aspren or Asprenas (Italian: Sant'Asprenato, Sant'Aspreno, Sant'Aspremo) was a 1st-century Christian saint and venerated as the first Bishop of Naples.	Aspren	Naples
place of death	Carl Baermann (24 October 1810 -- 23 May 1885) was a clarinetist and composer from Munich, Germany.	Carl Baermann	Munich
place of death	Known as ``the Master,'' Jake Ehrlich had a fifty-year career as a defense and divorce attorney in San Francisco.	Jake Ehrlich	San Francisco
place of death	'Herbert Hahn' (* 5 May 1890 in Pärnu Estonia, then part of the Russian Empire; † 20 June 1970 in Stuttgart) was a German teacher and Anthroposophist	Herbert Hahn	Stuttgart
place of death	Celestino Cavedoni (18 May 1795 at Levizzano-Rangone, near Modena -- 26 November 1865 in Modena) was an Italian ecclesiastic, archeologist, and numismatist.	Celestino Cavedoni	Modena
place of death	Carl Zerrahn (28 July 1826 Malchow, Mecklenburg-Schwerin -- 29 December 1909 Milton, Massachusetts) was a German-born American flautist and conductor.	Carl Zerrahn	Milton, Massachusetts
place of death	Derek Newark died of a heart attack, brought on by liver failure after years of alcoholism, on 11 August 1998 in West London.	Derek Newark	London
place of death	Josefina Lavalle (born Mexico City, January 29, 1924 -- died Mexico City, May 25, 2009) was a Mexican ballet dancer, choreographer and ballet director.	Josefina Lavalle	Mexico City
place of death	In 1945 he founded ``Richard Goldner's Sydney Musica Viva'', whose first concert was held at the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music in Sydney on 8 December 1945, to an audience of over 1,000 people.	Richard Goldner	Sydney
place of death	Saint Pothinus (French: Saint Pothin) is first mentioned in a letter attributed to Irenaeus of Lyon.	Saint Pothinus	Lyon
place of death	Friedrich Rosen or Fritz Rosen (Leipzig, August 30, 1856 -- November 27, 1935, Beijing) was a German Orientalist, diplomat and politician.	Friedrich Rosen	Beijing
place of death	Riccardo Quartararo (Sciacca, Sicily, 1443 - Palermo, 1506) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in Sicily and Naples.	Riccardo Quartararo	Palermo
place of death	William O. Cowger (January 1, 1922 -- October 2, 1971), a Republican, served as mayor of Louisville, Kentucky, and as a member of the United States House of Representatives.	William O. Cowger	Louisville
place of death	Fráňa Šrámek (January 19, 1877, Sobotka -- July 1, 1952, Prague) was a Czech anarchist, impressionist, and vitalist poet, novelist, and playwright.	Fráňa Šrámek	Prague
place of death	Wolfgang Musculus, born ``Müslin'' or ``Mauslein'', (10 September 1497 in Dieuze, Lothringen -- 30 August 1563 in Bern) was a Reformed theologian of the Reformation.	Wolfgang Musculus	Bern
place of death	Orazio Riminaldi (Pisa, September 5, 1593 - Pisa, December 10, 1630) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Orazio Riminaldi	Pisa
place of death	Charlotte von Mahlsdorf (18 March 1928 -- 30 April 2002) was the founder of the Gründerzeit Museum (a museum of everyday items) in Berlin-Mahlsdorf.	Charlotte von Mahlsdorf	Berlin
place of death	Georgios Mavros (Greek: Γεώργιος Μαύρος) (Kastellorizo, 15 March 1909 -- Athens, 6 May 1995) was a Greek jurist and politician.	Georgios Mavros	Athens
place of death	Juan de Anchieta (Azpeitia, Gipuzkoa, Spain, 1462 -- Azpeitia, 1523) was a leading Spanish Basque composer of the Renaissance, at the Royal Court Chaplaincy in Granada of Queen Isabel I of Castile.	Juan de Anchieta	Azpeitia
place of death	Léon Eyrolles (14 December 1861 in Tulle -- 3 December 1945 in Cachan?) was a French politician and entrepreneur.	Léon Eyrolles	Cachan
place of death	Latino Malabranca Orsini (b. at Rome, year unknown -- d. 10 August 1294, Perugia) was a Roman noble, an Italian cardinal of the Holy Roman Church, and nephew of Pope Nicholas III.	Latino Malabranca Orsini	Perugia
place of death	Joachim Dünkler died on 19 April 1945 in a hospital in Haldensleben.	Joachim Dünkler	Haldensleben
place of death	Augustus Radcliffe Grote (1841 Liverpool, England -- 1903 Hildesheim, Germany) was a British entomologist who worked mainly in America.	Augustus Radcliffe Grote	Hildesheim
place of death	Giulio Oggioni (1916-1993) was an Italian prelate that led the Diocese of Bergamo from 1977 to 1991.	Giulio Oggioni	Bergamo
place of death	François Deslaugiers (3 December 1934 at Algiers -- 18 December 2009 at Marseille) was a French architect.	François Deslaugiers	Marseille
place of death	Penrose Stout (1887--1934) was an American architect, best known for designing the Bronxville Women's Club, added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.	Penrose Stout	Bronxville
place of death	(The Theater of Tales for Performance, or for Comic, Rustic, and Tragic Recreation, Divided into Fifty Days, and Composed by Flaminio Scala, Named Flavio, Comedian of the Most Serene Lord Duke of Mantua).	Flaminio Scala	Mantua
place of death	Matthijs Siegenbeek (Dutch pronunciation: (mɑˈtɛi̯s ˈsiɣə(m)ˌbeːk)) (Amsterdam, 23 June 1774 - Leiden, 26 November 1854) was a Dutch academic.	Matthijs Siegenbeek	Leiden
place of death	Josef Fahringer (21 December 1876 - 18 December 1950) was an Austrian entomologist from Vienna.	Josef Fahringer	Vienna
place of death	José Feliciano Ama (1881 -- February 28, 1932) was an indigenous peasant leader, a Pipil from Izalco in El Salvador, who participated and died in the 1932 Salvadoran peasant uprising.	Feliciano Ama	Izalco
place of death	Hieronymus Balbus (also called Girolamo Balbi or Accellini) was a Renaissance Humanist, poet, diplomat, and Bishop of Gurk in Carinthia, b. about 1450 in Venice; d. there, probably 1535.	Hieronymus Balbus	Venice
place of death	Agostino Roscelli (27 July 1818 -- 7 May 1902), also known as Augustine Roscelli, and Augustin Roscelli, was an Italian priest who inspired social change in Genoa, Italy for children and disadvantaged women.	Agostino Roscelli	Genoa
place of death	Alfred Eisenbeisser (Romanian: Alfred ``Fredi'' Fieraru) (born 7 April 1908 in Cernăuţi, Austria-Hungary (now in Ukraine) - deceased 1 July 1991 in Berlin, Germany) was a Romanian football player and figure skater of German ethnicity.	Alfred Eisenbeisser	Berlin
place of death	Frank Porretta (May 4, 1930, Detroit -- April 23, 2015, Stamford, Connecticut) was an American tenor who had an active career performing in operas, musicals, and concerts from 1952 through 1971.	Frank Porretta	Stamford
place of death	Girolamo Savoldo, also called Girolamo da Brescia (c. 1480-1485 -- after 1548) was an Italian High Renaissance painter active mostly in Venice, although he also worked in other cities in northern Italy.	Girolamo Savoldo	Venice
place of death	Ernst Otto Wilhelm Taschenberg (23 March 1854, Halle - 20 March 1923) was a German entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera.	Ernst Otto Wilhelm Taschenberg	Halle
place of death	Friedrich Paul Mahlo (born July 28, 1883 in Coswig, Anhalt, died August 20, 1971 in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt) was a German mathematician.	Paul Mahlo	Halle
place of death	Charles Joseph Devillers or de Villers (1724 in Rennes -- 1810) was a French naturalist.	Charles Joseph Devillers	Rennes
place of death	Wilhelm Grimm died in Berlin of an infection at the age of 73.	Wilhelm Grimm	Berlin
place of death	Oscar Han (1891, Bucharest - 1976, Bucharest) was a Romanian sculptor and writer.	Oscar Han	Bucharest
place of death	Molly Pearson Hales died in Sandy Hook, Connecticut in 1959, (see Molly Pearson at IMDb.com) following an extended illness.	Molly Pearson	Sandy Hook
place of death	Niketas Stethatos was born c. 1005 and entered the Monastery of Stoudios in Constantinople at age fourteen.	Niketas Stethatos	Constantinople
place of death	Roberto Melli (1885--1958) was an Italian painter and sculptor belonging to the Scuola Romana, and active in Ferrara and Rome.	Roberto Melli	Rome
place of death	Jacques Blanchard (1600--1638), also known as Jacques Blanchart, was a French baroque painter who was born in Paris.	Jacques Blanchard	Paris
place of death	Lucia Pamela (May 1, 1904 in St Louis, Missouri -- July 25, 2002, Los Angeles) was an American musician, bandleader, and eccentric.	Lucia Pamela	Los Angeles
place of death	Francišak Kušal (Belarusian: Францішак Кушаль, also Frantsishak Kushal, Franz Kushel, February 16, 1895, Piaršai, Russian Empire - May 1969, Rochester, New York, USA) was a Belarusian and Polish militaryman and politician.	Francišak Kušal	Rochester
place of death	William Thompson Russell Smith (Glasgow, Scotland 1812 -- Glenside, PA, 1896) was a Scottish-American painter who produced iconic images of Pennsylvania's landscape inspired by the aesthetic of the Hudson River School.	William Thompson Russell Smith	Glenside
place of death	Minnie Two Shoes died in Minneapolis, Minnesota on April 9, 2010 after battling cancer.	Minnie Two Shoes	Minneapolis
place of death	Jean-Charles Tardieu was born on 3 September 1765 in Paris, son of Jacques-Nicolas Tardieu and Elisabeth Claire Tournay.	Jean-Charles Tardieu	Paris
place of death	Mohammed Bagayogo Es Sudane Al Wangari Al Timbukti was an eminent scholar from Timbuktu, Mali.	Mohammed Bagayogo	Timbuktu
place of death	Litterio Paladino or Paladini (1691-1743) was an Italian painter of the 18th century, active in a late-Baroque style in Rome and his native Messina, Sicily.	Litterio Paladino	Messina
place of death	James Manney Hagaman (1830 -- January 18, 1904) was a lawyer, land agent, newspaper editor, and the founder of Concordia, Kansas.	James Manney Hagaman	Concordia
place of death	Karl Ernst Georges (26 December 1806, Gotha -- 25 August 1895, Gotha) was a German classical philologist and lexicographer, known for his edition of Latin-German dictionaries.	Karl Ernst Georges	Gotha
place of death	Otto Gentil was born on 7 August 1892 at Aschaffenburg, Bayern, Germany where he died in 1969.	Otto Gentil	Aschaffenburg
place of death	John Laffin died in Canberra in 2000 after a long illness.	John Laffin	Canberra
place of death	Mieczysław (Mendel) Chwojnik, later known as Dr. Menachem Oren (Hebrew: מנחם אורן‎; 1903, Ruzhany, Russian Empire (now Belarus) -- December 1962, Tel Aviv, Israel) was a Belarusian-born Israeli chess master and mathematician.	Menachem Oren	Tel Aviv
place of death	Pedro Romero Martínez (November 19, 1754 - February 10, 1839) was a legendary bullfighter from the Romero family in Ronda, Spain.	Pedro Romero	Ronda
place of death	Isidor Kaufmann (Hungarian: Kaufman(n) Izidor, Hebrew: איזידור קאופמן‎; March 22, 1853, Arad - 1921, Vienna) was an Austro-Hungarian painter of Jewish themes.	Isidor Kaufmann	Vienna
place of death	Chester Carlson As a last resort, he began working for Bell Telephone Laboratories in New York City as a research engineer.	Chester Carlson	New York City
place of death	Antonia Brenner, better known as Mother Antonia (Spanish: Madre Antonia), (December 1, 1926 -- October 17, 2013) was an American Roman Catholic Religious Sister and activist who chose to reside and care for inmates at the notorious maximum-security La Mesa Prison in Tijuana, Mexico.	Antonia Brenner	Tijuana
place of death	John Kirby Allen (1810 -- August 15, 1838), was a co-founder of the city of Houston and a former member of the Republic of Texas House of Representatives.	John Kirby Allen	Houston
place of death	Hermann Dyck (10 April 1812 -- 25 March 1874), a Bavarian painter, born at Würzburg in 1812, studied architectural and genre painting at Munich.	Hermann Dyck	Munich
place of death	Pavol Hudák (* 7 October 1959, Vranov nad Toplou, Czechoslovakia -- died 18 January 2011, Poprad, Slovakia) was a Slovak poet, journalist and publicist.	Pavol Hudák	Poprad
place of death	Antoine Parent (September 16, 1666 -- September 26, 1716) was a French mathematician, born at Paris and died there, who wrote in 1700 on analytical geometry of three dimensions.	Antoine Parent	Paris
place of death	Wojciech Brydziński (28 January 1877, Ivano-Frankivsk -- 4 May 1966, Warsaw) was a Polish theatre, radio and film actor.	Wojciech Brydziński	Warsaw
place of death	Claude-François de Payan (14 May 1766, Saint-Paul-Trois-Châteaux - 28 July 1794, Paris) was a political figure of the French Revolution.	Claude-François de Payan	Paris
place of death	Sir Ernest Scott (21 June 1867 -- 6 December 1939) was an Australian historian, professor of history at the University of Melbourne from 1913.	Ernest Scott	Melbourne
place of death	Many years ago I was often to be found in the marvelous city of Venice, in discussions with Signore Giovanni Francesco Sagredo, a man of noble extraction and trenchant wit.	Giovanni Francesco Sagredo	Venice
place of death	Johann Franz Buddeus or Budde (sometimes Johannes Franciscus Buddeus), German Lutheran theologian and philosopher; born at Anklam, Swedish Pomerania, where his father was pastor, 25 June 1667; died at Gotha 19 November 1729.	Johann Franz Buddeus	Gotha
place of death	Charlotte Birch-Pfeiffer (23 June 1800 (1799?) in Stuttgart -- 25 August 1868 in Berlin) was a German actress and writer.	Charlotte Birch-Pfeiffer	Berlin
place of death	Dirck van der Lisse (6 August 1607, The Hague - buried 31 January 1669, The Hague) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Dirck van der Lisse	The Hague
place of death	Alphonse Alkan (also known as Alphonse the Elder, 1809 in Paris -- 1889 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a French printer, bibliographer, and author.	Alphonse Alkan	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	Huseyn Arablinski (Azerbaijani: Hüseyn Ərəblinski), born Huseynbala Mammad oglu Khalafov (1881, Baku -- 17 March 1919, Baku), was an Azerbaijani actor.	Huseyn Arablinski	Baku
place of death	They had four children, George Newman Bomford, James Vote Bomford, Jr., Elizabeth Bernardine ``Lilly'' Bomford, and Fredrika Augusta Bomford.	James Vote Bomford	Elizabeth
place of death	Grigor Yeghiazaryan (1908 in Blur, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire (now in Turkey) - 1988 in Yerevan, Armenia) was an Armenian composer.	Grigor Yeghiazaryan	Yerevan
place of death	Allen Cleveland Lewis (1821--1877) was a Chicago citizen who left his estate in order to create Lewis Institute.	Allen Cleveland Lewis	Chicago
place of death	Benjamin Dean Meritt (March 31, 1899 -- July 7, 1989 in Austin, Texas) was a classical scholar, professor and epigraphist of ancient Greece.	Benjamin Dean Meritt	Austin
place of death	William Van Alen (August 10, 1883 -- May 24, 1954) was an American architect, best known as the architect in charge of designing New York City's Chrysler Building (1929--30).	William Van Alen	New York City
place of death	Otto Philipp Braun (called also: Felipe Braun) was born on 13 December 1798 in Kassel, Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel (today Germany), and he died on 24 July 1869 in Bad Wildungen near Kassel, a province of the Kingdom of Prussia.	Otto Philipp Braun	Kassel
place of death	Henryk Zygalski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈxɛnrɨk zɨˈɡalski); 15 July 1908 in Posen -- 30 August 1978 in Liss) was a Polish mathematician and cryptologist who worked at breaking German Enigma ciphers before and during World War II.	Henryk Zygalski	Liss
place of death	Louis Lavauden (19 June 1881, Grenoble - 1 September 1935, Anjou, Isère) was a French zoologist and forester.	Louis Lavauden	Isère
place of death	Pier Luigi Ighina (1908 in Milan -- 2004 in Imola), was an Italian researcher.	Pier Luigi Ighina	Imola
place of death	Albion Woodbury Small (May 11, 1854 -- March 24, 1926) founded the first Department of Sociology in the United States at the University of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois in 1892.	Albion Woodbury Small	Chicago
place of death	Sammi Fajarowicz (5 June 1908 in Möckern/Leipzig -- 4 July 1940 in Leipzig) was a German chess master.	Sammi Fajarowicz	Leipzig
place of death	Dr. Ludwig Dürr (4 June 1878, in Stuttgart -- 1 January 1956, in Friedrichshafen) was an airship designer.	Ludwig Dürr	Friedrichshafen
place of death	Albertus Clouwet (name variations: Albertus Clouet, Albert Clowet, Aubert Clouwet, Haubertus Clouwet, Albertus Cluet, nickname Zandzak) (1636, Antwerp -- 1679, Naples), was a Flemish engraver who had a successful career in Italy.	Albertus Clouwet	Naples
place of death	Karl Eugen Neumann (October 18, 1865 in Vienna; - October 18, 1915) was the first translator of large parts of the Pali Canon of Buddhist scriptures from the original Pali into a European language (German) and one of the pioneers of European Buddhism.	Karl Eugen Neumann	Vienna
place of death	Anneke Esaiasdochter (also Anna Jansz, Anneken Jans or Anneke van Rotterdam; 1509--1539), was a Dutch Anabaptist.	Anneke Esaiasdochter	Rotterdam
place of death	John Knittel, originally Hermann Emanuel Knittel (March 24, 1891 in Dharwar, India - April 26, 1970 in Maienfeld, Graubünden) was a Swiss writer.	John Knittel	Maienfeld
place of death	Stephan Kekulé von Stradonitz (1 May 1863, Ghent -- 5 May 1933, Berlin), was a German lawyer, heraldist and genealogist who popularized a genealogical numbering system of ancestors.	Stephan Kekulé von Stradonitz	Berlin
place of death	Johnny Sandison (1925--2004) was a broadcaster in Regina, Saskatchewan whose career spanned more than 40 years.	Johnny Sandison	Regina
place of death	Gérard Aké Loba (born Abobo Baoule, 15 August 1927 -- died Aix-en-Provence, France, 3 August 2012) was an Ivorian writer.	Aké Loba	Aix-en-Provence
place of death	Rezső Seress lived most of his life in poverty in Budapest, from where, being Jewish, he was taken to a labour camp by the Nazis during the Second World War.	Rezső Seress	Budapest
place of death	Giulio Viozzi (born Trieste, July 5, 1912 -- died Verona, November 29, 1984) was an Italian composer, conductor, pianist, and music critic.	Giulio Viozzi	Verona
place of death	Vlasta Kálalová Di Lotti (26 October 1896 in Bernartice - 15 February 1971 in Písek) was a Czech physician interested in tropical diseases and entomology.	Vlasta Kálalová	Písek
place of death	Reinhard Heinrich Ferdinand Fischer (18 June 1746, in Stuttgart -- 25 June 1813, in Stuttgart) was a German architect and master builder of Duke Charles Eugene of Württemberg.	Reinhard Heinrich Ferdinand Fischer	Stuttgart
place of death	McQuirt's memorial stone was erected in 1995 in an Anglican graveyard in Donaghcloney, where Bernard McQuirt was born in a small village some 30 miles south of Belfast.	Bernard McQuirt	Belfast
place of death	Joseph Friedrich Abert (11 June 1879 -- 25 October 1959, Würzburg) was a German historian and archivist.	Joseph Friedrich Abert	Würzburg
place of death	João Duarte de Sousa, also known as J. Duarte de Sousa, (23 October 1862 in Velas -- 29 May 1909 in Angra do Heroísmo), was an Azorean politician, historian and writer of the island of São Jorge, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	João Duarte de Sousa	Angra do Heroísmo
place of death	Giovanni Valetti (22 September 1913 in Vinovo, Piedmont -- 28 May 1998 in Avigliana) was an Italian professional road racing cyclist.	Giovanni Valetti	Avigliana
place of death	Michael Malloy (1873 -- February 22, 1933), alias Mike the Durable and Iron Mike, was a homeless Irishman from County Donegal who lived in New York City during the 1920s and 30s.	Michael Malloy	New York City
place of death	Alessandro Rosi (28 December 1627 in Rovezzano -- 19 April 1697 in Florence) was an Italian artist, working during the Baroque period.	Alessandro Rosi	Florence
place of death	John Hinchliffe (1731 -- 11 January 1794, the Bishop's Palace, Peterborough) was an English churchman and college fellow.	John Hinchliffe	Peterborough
place of death	Nick Fatool (b. Jan. 2, 1915, Millbury, Massachusetts - d. Sep. 26, 2000, Los Angeles, California) was an American jazz drummer.	Nick Fatool	Los Angeles
place of death	Emil Filla (4 April 1882 -- 7 October 1953), a Czech painter, was a leader of the avant-garde in Prague between World War I and World War II and was an early Cubist painter.	Emil Filla	Prague
place of death	Fuller moved to Los Angeles in 1964 with his band The Bobby Fuller Four, and was signed to Mustang Records by producer Bob Keane, who was noted for discovering Ritchie Valens and producing many surf music groups.	Bobby Fuller	Los Angeles
place of death	Victor Babeș (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈviktor ˈbabeʃ); b. 28 July 1854, Vienna -- d. 19 October 1926, Bucharest) was a Romanian physician, bacteriologist, academician and professor.	Victor Babeș	Bucharest
place of death	Percy Thirkell (13 February 1900 -- 16 January 1997) was an English footballer who played as a left back for Bolton Wanderers, Tranmere Rovers and Congleton Town.	Percy Thirkell	Bolton
place of death	Otto Steinhäusl (10 March 1879 -- 20 June 1940) was an Austrian-born SS-Oberführer, Polizeipräsident (Police President) of Vienna, and President of Interpol (1938--1940).	Otto Steinhäusl	Vienna
place of death	Edward Bates served in the War of 1812 before moving to St. Louis, Missouri Territory, in 1814 with his older brother James, who started working as an attorney.	Edward Bates	St. Louis
place of death	Adam Wybe, also known as Adams Wiebe (born around 1590 in Harlingen, Friesland, died in 1653 in Gdańsk), was an engineer and inventor of Dutch origin, active mainly in Gdańsk.	Adam Wybe	Gdańsk
place of death	Joseph Wenglein (5 October 1845, Munich - 18 January 1919, Bad Tölz) was a German landscape painter and illustrator.	Joseph Wenglein	Bad Tölz
place of death	Amedeo Agostini (Capugnano di Porretta Terme, 6 March 1892 -- Livorno, 27 June 1958) was an Italian mathematician born in Capugnano di Porretta Terme.	Amedeo Agostini	Livorno
place of death	Carl Marcus Tuscher (June 1, 1705 in Nuremberg - January 6, 1751 in Copenhagen) was a German-born Danish polymath: portrait painter, printmaker, architect, and decorator of the Baroque period.	Carl Marcus Tuscher	Copenhagen
place of death	Jean Emile Humbert (23 July 1771 in The Hague -- 20 February 1839 in Livorno) was a Dutch lieutenant-colonel who can be credited with rediscovering ancient Carthage.	Jean Emile Humbert	Livorno
place of death	Heinrich Ritter von Zeissberg (July 8, 1839 -- May 27, 1899), Austrian historian, was born in Vienna, and in 1865 became professor of history at the university of Lemberg.	Heinrich Ritter von Zeissberg	Vienna
place of death	Walther Kadow (1860 -- 31 May 1923) was a German school teacher who was murdered by Rudolf Höss and accomplices in May 1923 in the forest near Parchim.	Walther Kadow	Parchim
place of death	Avenue Virgile-Rossel in Lausanne and rue Virgile Rossel in Tramelan are named after him.	Virgile Rossel	Lausanne
place of death	Wilfred von Oven (born La Paz, Bolivia 4 May 1912 - died Buenos Aires, Argentina 13 June 2008) was between 1943 and the German capitulation in 1945 the personal Press adjutant of Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels.	Wilfred von Oven	Buenos Aires
place of death	Augusto Samuel Boyd Briceño (1 August 1879 in Panama City - 17 June 1957) was First Vice President of Panama and in that capacity also acting President of Panama from December 18, 1939 to October 1, 1940.	Augusto Samuel Boyd	Panama City
place of death	Giuliana Penzi (October 1, 1918 in Ravenna -- January 17, 2008 in Rome) was an Italian dancer and choreographer who was a Guest Ballerina at the Rome Opera House and the director of the Accademia Nazionale di Danza.	Giuliana Penzi	Rome
place of death	Delfino Codazzi (March 7, 1824 in Lodi -- July 21, 1873 in Pavia) was an Italian mathematician.	Delfino Codazzi	Pavia
place of death	Father José María Arizmendiarrieta Madariaga (22 April 1915 -- 29 November 1976) was a Catholic priest and founder of the Mondragón cooperative movement in the Basque Country.	José María Arizmendiarrieta	Mondragón
place of death	Edmund Nick (22 September 1891, Reichenberg -- 11 April 1974 (aged 82), Geretsried) was a German composer, conductor, and music writer.	Edmund Nick	Geretsried
place of death	Phạm Duy died on January 27, 2013 in Ho Chi Minh City, one month after the death of his eldest son Duy Quang.	Phạm Duy	Ho Chi Minh City
place of death	Aloys Sprenger (born 3 September 1813, in Nassereith, Tyrol; died 19 December 1893 in Heidelberg) was an Austrian orientalist.	Aloys Sprenger	Heidelberg
place of death	Paul Godet des Marais (1647--1709) was a French Bishop of Chartres.	Paul Godet des Marais	Chartres
place of death	Fernando José Salgueiro Maia, GOTE, GCL (1 July 1944 in Castelo de Vide, Portugal -- 4 April 1992 in Santarém), commonly known just by Salgueiro Maia (Portuguese pronunciation: (saɫˈɡɐjɾu ˈmajɐ)), was a captain of the Portuguese army.	Salgueiro Maia	Santarém
place of death	Louis Dugauguez played amateur football for Bully, Béthune, Lens, Toulouse, Carvin and Sedan, where he began his coaching career as a player-coach of the side.	Louis Dugauguez	Sedan
place of death	Eeva-Liisa Manner (5 December 1921, Helsinki -- 7 July 1995, Tampere), Finnish poet, playwright and translator.	Eeva-Liisa Manner	Tampere
place of death	Paolo Oss Mazzurana (1833--1895) was an Austrian-Hungarian statesman, and most importantly the most famous mayor of his native city, Trento.	Paolo Oss Mazzurana	Trento
place of death	František Vláčil (February 19, 1924, Český Těšín -- January 28, 1999, Prague) was a Czech film director, painter, and graphic artist.	František Vláčil	Prague
place of death	Carey Bell (November 14, 1936 -- May 6, 2007) was an American blues musician who played harmonica in the Chicago blues style.	Carey Bell	Chicago
place of death	Simon Segal (Białystok 1898 -- Arcachon 1969) was a Polish Jewish or Russian Jewish (sources vary) figurative painter and member of the School of Paris of Jewish heritage born in the Russian Empire (now Poland) who emigrated to France in 1925 and was naturalized in 1949.	Simon Segal	Arcachon
place of death	On October 12, 2015, at 12:30am, Vladimír Večtomov died in Tábor.	Vladimír Večtomov	Tábor
place of death	Ida Siekmann (23 August 1902 -- 22 August 1961) was the first person to die at the Berlin Wall, only 9 days after the beginning of its construction.	Ida Siekmann	Berlin
place of death	Robert Staughton Lynd (September 26, 1892 -- November 1, 1970) was an American sociologist and professor at Columbia University, New York City.	Robert Staughton Lynd	New York City
place of death	Thomas Duncan Bourdillon (/bɔrˈdɪlən/ bor-DIL-ən; 16 March 1924 in Kensington, London - 29 July 1956 in Bernese Oberland, Switzerland), known as Tom Bourdillon, was an English mountaineer, a member of the 1953 British Mount Everest Expedition which made the first ascent of Mount Everest.	Tom Bourdillon	Bernese Oberland
place of death	Sylvester Marsh (30 September 1803, Campton, New Hampshire - 30 December 1884, Concord, New Hampshire) was the United States engineer who designed and built the Mount Washington Cog Railway.	Sylvester Marsh	Concord
place of death	Anton Joseph Binterim (19 September 1779, Düsseldorf -- 17 May 1855, Düsseldorf-Bilk) was the parish priest of Bilk from 1805--55 and a prominent leader of Catholics in Prussia.	Anton Joseph Binterim	Bilk
place of death	Marcel Moyse (pron. moh-EEZ; May 17, 1889 in St. Amour, France -- November 1, 1984 in Brattleboro, Vermont, United States) was a French flutist.	Marcel Moyse	Brattleboro
place of death	Emil Krieger (8 September 1902, Kaiserslautern -- 6 September 1979, Munich) was a German sculptor and artist, especially known for his graphic work and sculpture in bronze, wood, stone and terracotta.	Emil Krieger	Munich
place of death	Vladimir Vysotsky was born in Moscow at the 3rd Meshchanskaya St. (61/2) maternity hospital.	Vladimir Vysotsky	Moscow
place of death	Edme Gaulle (1762, Langres - January 1841, Paris) was a French sculptor.	Edme Gaulle	Paris
place of death	The Longqing Emperor also repulsed the Mongol army of Altan Khan, who had penetrated the Great Wall and reached as far as Beijing.	Longqing Emperor	Beijing
place of death	Gottfried Wilhelm Becker (born in Leipzig, February 22, 1778; died there, January 17, 1854) was a German physician and writer.	Gottfried Wilhelm Becker	Leipzig
place of death	Henry Durant (Acton, Massachusetts, June 18, 1802 -- Oakland, California, January 22, 1875) was the founding president of the University of California.	Henry Durant	Oakland
place of death	Leopold Adametz (11 October 1861, Brno, or Valtice - 27 January 1941, Vienna) was a Moravia-born Austrian zoologist.	Leopold Adametz	Vienna
place of death	Mazlum Doğan (born 1955 in Karakoçan/Elâzığ Province; died 21 March 1982 in Diyarbakır) was a member of the Central Committee of the Kurdistan Workers' Party.	Mazlum Doğan	Diyarbakır
place of death	Giovanni Battista Lampugnani (c. 1708 -- 2 June 1786) was an Italian composer, born in Milan.	Giovanni Battista Lampugnani	Milan
place of death	Antonio de Escaño y García de Cáceres (Cartagena, Murcia, 1750 - Cádiz, 12 July 1814) was a Spanish army and navy officer.	Antonio de Escaño	Cádiz
place of death	Józef Dietl (24 January 1804 in Podbuże near Sambor -- 18 January 1878 in Kraków) was an Austrian-Polish physician born to an Austrian father and Polish mother.	Józef Dietl	Kraków
place of death	Anna Langfus (born Anna-Regina Szternfinkiel in Lublin on January 2, 1920; died May 12, 1966 in Paris) was an award-winning Polish/French author.	Anna Langfus	Paris
place of death	Christiaan Benjamin Nieuwenhuis, known as C.B. Nieuwenhuis, (July 4, 1863 in Amsterdam - April 20, 1922 in Padang) was a photographer in the Dutch East Indies.	Christiaan Benjamin Nieuwenhuis	Padang
place of death	Aaron Kitchell (July 10, 1744 -- June 25, 1820) was a blacksmith and politician from Hanover Township, New Jersey.	Aaron Kitchell	Hanover Township
place of death	Joseph Charles Marin (1749, Paris - 18 September 1834, Paris) was a French sculptor	Joseph Charles Marin	Paris
place of death	Jean Michel Constant Leber (8 May 1780 -- 22 December 1859), French historian and bibliophile, was born at Orléans on 8 May 1780.	Jean Michel Constant Leber	Orléans
place of death	Boldog drove his Host south over the highlands of Dorthonion and through the enchanted forest of Taur-nu-Fuin following the Orcs' Road of Haste into the Pass of Anach, which cut down the mountains of Ered Gorgoroth and across the shadowed valley of Nan Dungortheb.	Boldog	Taur-nu-Fuin
place of death	Ernest Hoschedé (18 December 1837 -- 19 March 1891) was a department store magnate in Paris.	Ernest Hoschedé	Paris
place of death	Friedrich Karl Biedermann (25 September 1812, Leipzig, Kingdom of Saxony -- 5 March 1901) was a German professor, politician, and publisher who greatly aided the Liberal movement in Germany during the process of German Unification.	Friedrich Karl Biedermann	Leipzig
place of death	Louise of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 10 February 1631 -- Oława, 25 April 1680), was a German princess of the House of Ascania in the branch of Anhalt-Dessau and by marriage Duchess of Legnica-Brzeg-Wołów-Oława.	Louise of Anhalt-Dessau	Oława
place of death	Ernst Behm (4 January 1830 -- 15 March 1884) was a German geographer and statistician who was a native of Gotha.	Ernst Behm	Gotha
place of death	Louis the Springer (German: Ludwig der Springer), sometimes called Louis the Jumper, also known as Louis of Schauenburg (1042 -- 1123 in Reinhardsbrunn) was a German nobleman.	Louis the Springer	Reinhardsbrunn
place of death	Josef Hiršal died in September 2003 following an accident with the Prague tram in May in which he was seriously injured.	Josef Hiršal	Prague
place of death	Bedřich Reicin (September 29, 1911, in Plzeň - December 3, 1952, in Pankrác Prison in Prague) was a Czechoslovak army officer and politician.	Bedřich Reicin	Prague
place of death	Baltasar del Alcázar (1530in Seville, Spain--1606 in Ronda) was a Spanish poet.	Baltasar del Alcázar	Ronda
place of death	Gottlieb Heinrich Friedrich Küchenmeister (January 22, 1821, Buchheim (now Bad Lausick) -- April 13, 1890 Dresden) was a German physician.	Friedrich Küchenmeister	Dresden
place of death	Zalman Gorelik (Belarusian: Залман Абрамавіч Гарэлік; Russian: Залман Абрамавич Горелик; 5 April 1908 in Bobruisk -- 16 February 1987 in Minsk) was a geologist, tektonist, and organizer of the Geological Survey of Belarus.	Zalman Gorelik	Minsk
place of death	Georg Carl Wilhelm Vatke (12 August 1849, Berlin -- 6 April 1889, Berlin) was a German botanist who collected spermatophytes during 1868--1876 in Austria, Germany, Madagascar and Angola.	Georg Carl Wilhelm Vatke	Berlin
place of death	Neri was the first gold medalist from Rimini, and the football stadium there, Stadio Romeo Neri, bears his name.	Romeo Neri	Rimini
place of death	Diane d'Andoins or d'Andouins (Diane of Andoins) was born in Hagetmau in the fall of 1554, and died there in February 1621.	Diane d'Andoins	Hagetmau
place of death	Giacomo Cavalieri (Rome, 1565 -- Tivoli, January 28, 1629) was born in Rome in 1565 to Giacomo Cavalieri and Diana Santori, related to the Borghese and Paluzzi Albertoni families.	Giacomo Cavalieri	Tivoli
place of death	1961 A small group of Swiss realises Sadananda's difficulties and offers him a flight to Basel.	Sadananda	Basel
place of death	Todor Kableshkov eventually committed suicide in the Gabrovo police office at the age of 25.	Todor Kableshkov	Gabrovo
place of death	Eugen Schauman (10 May 1875 in Kharkiv, Russian Empire -- 16 June 1904 in Helsinki, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire) was a Finnish nationalist and nobleman who assassinated the Governor-General Nikolai Ivanovich Bobrikov.	Eugen Schauman	Helsinki
place of death	Gisa Geert, stage name Margarita Gross (7 June 1900, Vienna; †2 April 1991, Madrid), was an Austrian actress and choreographer, who was very active in Italy during the 1940s to 1960s.	Gisa Geert	Madrid
place of death	Marie Šechtlová (March 25, 1928 Chomutov -- July 5, 2008 Prague) was a Czech photographer, one of the proponents of the ``poetry of everyday'' style.	Marie Šechtlová	Prague
place of death	František Michl (20th November 1901, Domažlice -- 4th June 1977, Domažlice), Czech academic painter, graphic artist, and original designer of the Skoda Works emblem, the ``Winged Arrow''.	František Michl	Domažlice
place of death	Mother Marie Helene Franey, S.P., (July 29, 1898 -- November 23, 1953) was the Superior General of the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, Indiana from 1948-1953.	Marie Helene Franey	Saint Mary-of-the-Woods
place of death	Livio Fongaro (born January 2, 1931 in Valdagno - died July 11, 2007 in Valdagno) was an Italian professional football player and coach.	Livio Fongaro	Valdagno
place of death	Alexandros Alexandrakis (Athens, 1913 -- Athens, 1968) was a Greek painter, who became widely known from his particularly dynamic depictions of the Greco-Italian War of 1940.	Alexandros Alexandrakis	Athens
place of death	Richard Furman (9 October 1755 -- 25 August 1825) was an influential Baptist leader from Charleston, South Carolina, USA.	Richard Furman	Charleston
place of death	Lee Talbott (Leander James Talbott, Jr.; July 12, 1887 -- September 16, 1954) was an American track and field athlete, tug of war competitor, and wrestler from Kansas City, Missouri.	Lee Talbott	Kansas City
position held	Jomo Kenyatta (English pronunciation: /ˈdʒoʊmoʊ kɛnˈjɑːtə/) (c. 1891 -- 22 August 1978) was a Kenyan politician, and the first President of Kenya.	Jomo Kenyatta	President of Kenya
position held	Abdallah Beyhum (in Arabic عبد الله بيهم) also written as Abdullah Bayhum (1879-1962) was a Lebanese politician and Prime Minister of Lebanon.	Abdallah Beyhum	Prime Minister of Lebanon
position held	Nicolò Contarini (September 26, 1553 -- April 2, 1631), was the 97th Doge of Venice, reigning from his election on January 18, 1630 until his death 15 months later.	Nicolò Contarini	Doge of Venice
position held	Evelyn Mantilla (born February 16, 1963) is an American politician from Connecticut who served from 1997 to 2007 as a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives.	Evelyn Mantilla	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Rudolf Ramek (12 April 1881 -- 24 July 1941 ) was an Austrian Christian Social politician, who served as Chancellor of Austria from 1924 to 1926.	Rudolf Ramek	Chancellor of Austria
position held	Charles Caruana CBE (9 October 1932, Gibraltar -- 1 October 2010, Gibraltar) was a Gibraltarian Roman Catholic bishop of Maltese descent.	Charles Caruana	bishop
position held	On 3 March 1970 Pope Paul appointed Johannes Braun as Titular bishop of Putia in Byzacena, and also, on 18 April 1970, as an Auxiliary bishop in Paderborn.	Johannes Braun	bishop
position held	William Melton (died 5 April 1340) was the 43rd Archbishop of York (1317--1340).	William Melton	Archbishop of York
position held	Rostislav Yuryevich (Russian: Ростислав Юрьевич) (died April 6, 1151) was the Prince of Novgorod and Pereyaslavl, oldest son of Yuri Dolgoruky, and brother of Andrei Bogolyubsky.	Rostislav Yuryevich	Prince of Novgorod
position held	Raphaël Marie Ze (born November 4, 1932 in Alangana; died September 6, 2011 in Yaoundé) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sangmélima, Cameroon.	Raphaël Marie Ze	bishop
position held	Patrizia Busignani (born 11 May 1959 in Gosselies, Belgium) was Captain Regent of San Marino from 1 April 1993 to 1 October 1993.	Patrizia Busignani	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Roger William Gries, OSB (born March 26, 1937) is a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States.	Roger William Gries	bishop
position held	William David Trimble, Baron Trimble, PC (born 15 October 1944), is a British politician who was the first First Minister of Northern Ireland from 1998 to 2002, and the leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) from 1995 to 2005.	David Trimble	Ulster Unionist Party
position held	John O. Bennett III (born August 6, 1948) is a former New Jersey Republican politician who served as State Senator, President of the State Senate, and Acting Governor of New Jersey during the course of his career.	John O. Bennett	Governor of New Jersey
position held	Evi Christofilopoulou (Greek: Εύη Χριστοφιλοπούλου; born 9 April 1956 in Athens) is a Greek politician and Member of the Hellenic Parliament.	Evi Christofilopoulou	Member of the Hellenic Parliament
position held	Paul Bassim, O.C.D., (November 14, 1922 -- August 21, 2012) was a Lebanese bishop of the Catholic Church.	Paul Bassim	bishop
position held	Terrie Wood (born Lakewood, Ohio) is a three-term Republican member of the Connecticut House of Representatives representing Darien and Rowayton, Connecticut in the 141st assembly district.	Terrie Wood	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Giovanni Battista Savelli (1422, Rome - September 18, 1498, Castel Gandolfo) was an Italian cardinal from the 15th century.	Giovanni Battista Savelli	cardinal
position held	Saint Raymond of Fitero (also known as Ramon Sierra, Spanish: San Raimundo de Fitero) (*? - †Ciruelos, 1163) was a monk, abbot, and founder of the Order of Calatrava.	Raymond of Fitero	abbot
position held	Barb Yarusso (born 1956 (age 58--59)) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives.	Barb Yarusso	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Peter Joseph Hurth, C.S.C., S.T.D. (30 March 1857 -- 1 August 1935) was a Roman Catholic priest of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, a diocesan bishop in British India and the Philippines, and a titular archbishop.	Peter Joseph Hurth	bishop
position held	Sekhemrekhutawy Khabaw was an Egyptian pharaoh of the early 13th dynasty during the Second Intermediate Period.	Sekhemrekhutawy Khabaw	pharaoh
position held	Bob Kiss (born April 1, 1947) is a Vermont politician and former Mayor of Burlington, Vermont.	Bob Kiss	Burlington
position held	Philip H. Rose is a Republican politician who formerly served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives, serving in 2012.	Philip H. Rose	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Caleb Strong (January 9, 1745 -- November 7, 1819) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served as the sixth and tenth Governor of Massachusetts between 1800 and 1807, and again from 1812 until 1816.	Caleb Strong	Governor of Massachusetts
position held	Britt Lundberg (born April 19, 1963) is a politician in the Åland Islands, an autonomous and unilingually Swedish territory of Finland.	Britt Lundberg	Åland Islands
position held	Daniel Whittle Harvey (10 January 1786 -- 24 February 1863) was a Radical English politician who founded The Sunday Times newspaper and was the first Commissioner of the City of London Police.	Daniel Whittle Harvey	Commissioner of the City of London Police
position held	Bruno von Warendorp or Brun Warendorp (died 21 August 1369, Schonen) was alderman and mayor of Lübeck, where he was born.	Bruno von Warendorp	mayor
position held	Jean Margéot (February 3, 1916 -- July 17, 2009) was Mauritian Roman Catholic priest, bishop and cardinal.	Jean Margéot	bishop	cardinal
position held	Guido Calcagnini (25 September 1725 in Ferrara -- 17 August 1807 in Osimo) was an Italian cardinal and titular archbishop in the Roman Catholic Church.	Guido Calcagnini	archbishop
position held	Reniero Zeno (Venetian: Renieri Zen) (died July 7, 1268) was the 45th Doge of Venice, reigning from January 1, 1253 until his death in 1268.	Reniero Zeno	Doge of Venice
position held	Neferirkare (sometimes referred to as Neferirkare II because of Neferirkare Kakai) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the 7th/8th Dynasty during the early First Intermediate Period (2181--2055 BC).	Neferirkare	pharaoh
position held	John F. Beard (August 13, 1822 - ?) was an American plasterer and farmer from Gratiot, Wisconsin who served a single one-year term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Lafayette County, Wisconsin.	John F. Beard	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Frank Lasee (born December 11, 1961) is a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Senate.	Frank Lasee	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Some scholars believe that Bogumilus is the amalgamation of two historical figures by the names of Bogumił and Piotr, one of whom was the archbishop and the other a monk or the bishop of Poznań.	Bogumilus	archbishop
position held	Pierre de Bellefeuille (May 12, 1923 -- September 30, 2015) was a Canadian politician and a two-term Member of the National Assembly of Quebec.	Pierre de Bellefeuille	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Robert Donatucci (May 3, 1952 -- November 9, 2010) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 185th Legislative District from 1980 until his death in 2010.	Robert Donatucci	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	David of Burgundy (ca. 1427 in Atrecht -- 1496 in Wijk bij Duurstede) was a bishop of Utrecht.	David of Burgundy	bishop
position held	Abbé Nicolas Thyrel de Boismont (12 June 1715 -- 20 December 1786) was a French abbot and a pulpit orator.	Nicolas Thyrel de Boismont	abbot
position held	John H. Hamilton, Jr. (February 9, 1919 -- August 10, 1986) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	John H. Hamilton, Jr.	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Michael Henshall (born 29 February 1928) was a long serving Suffragan Bishop of Warrington.	Michael Henshall	Bishop of Warrington
position held	Jean-Marie Doré (12 June 1938 -- 29 January 2016) was a Guinean politician who was the Prime Minister of Guinea from January 2010 until December 2010.	Jean-Marie Doré	Prime Minister of Guinea
position held	Thomas Secker (21 September 1693 -- 3 August 1768) was the Archbishop of Canterbury in the Church of England.	Thomas Secker	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir GCMG GCVO CH PC (/ˈbʌxən/; 26 August 1875 -- 11 February 1940) was a Scottish novelist, historian and Unionist politician who served as Governor General of Canada, the 15th since Canadian Confederation.	John Buchan	Governor General of Canada
position held	Antonius Agellius or Antonio Agellio (1532--1608) was bishop of Acerno and a member of the Theatines, born in Sorrento.	Antonius Agellius	bishop
position held	Benazir Bhutto (Urdu: بينظير بھٹو‎; Sindhi: بينظير ڀٽو‎; June 21, 1953 -- December 27, 2007) was the 11th Prime Minister of Pakistan, serving two non-consecutive terms in 1988--90 and then 1993--96.	Benazir Bhutto	Prime Minister of Pakistan
position held	Theodor Innitzer (25 December 1875 -- 9 October 1955) was Archbishop of Vienna and a cardinal in the Latin Rite branch of the Catholic Church.	Theodor Innitzer	Archbishop of Vienna	cardinal
position held	David W. Sweet (born October 8, 1948) is an attorney and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	David W. Sweet	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Bartholomäus Scultetus (14 May 1540 -- 21 June 1614) was a mayor of Görlitz, astronomer, cartographer and compiler of biblical chronologies.	Bartholomäus Scultetus	mayor
position held	Michel Domingue was the President of Haiti from June 14, 1874 to April 15, 1876.	Michel Domingue	President of Haiti
position held	Agustín Rodríguez Sahagún (Ávila, 27 March 1932 - Paris, 13 October 1991) was a Spanish politician and businessman as well as being a doctor in economics and law who was best known as being the mayor of Madrid from 1989-1991.	Agustín Rodríguez Sahagún	mayor
position held	Arne Solli (born 6 April 1938) is a Norwegian general who served as Chief of Defence of Norway (Forsvarssjef) from 31 October 1994 until 30 April 1999.	Arne Solli	Chief of Defence of Norway
position held	Herbert Bednorz (born 25 September 1908 in Gliwice - died 12 April 1989 in Katowice) was a Polish Catholic priest, theologist, and a Coadjutor bishop (from 1950) and later, from 1967, bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Katowice.	Herbert Bednorz	bishop
position held	Duncan Cameron Fraser (1 October 1845 -- 27 September 1910) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, judge, and the ninth Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.	Duncan Cameron Fraser	Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia
position held	Thomas Basin (1412--1491) was a French bishop of Lisieux and historian.	Thomas Basin	bishop
position held	Stylianos Gonatas (Greek: Στυλιανός Γονατάς; Patras, 1876 -- Athens, 1966) was a Greek military officer and Venizelist politician and Prime Minister of Greece between 1922 and 1924.	Stylianos Gonatas	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Angela Constance (born 15 July 1970) is a Scottish politician who has been Cabinet Secretary for Education and Lifelong Learning since 2014 and the Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Almond Valley (formerly Livingston) since 2007.	Angela Constance	Cabinet Secretary for Education and Lifelong Learning	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Gediminas Kirkilas ( pronunciation , born 30 August 1951) is a Lithuanian politician who was Prime Minister of Lithuania from 2006 to 2008.	Gediminas Kirkilas	Prime Minister of Lithuania
position held	José Câmnate na Bissign (born Mansôa, 28 May 1953) is a Guinea-Bissauan Roman Catholic bishop.	José Câmnate na Bissign	bishop
position held	Henry Luke Orombi (born 11 October 1949) is an Anglican bishop in the Church of Uganda.	Henry Luke Orombi	bishop
position held	William Theodore Heard (24 February 1884 -- 16 September 1973) was a cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church.	William Theodore Heard	cardinal
position held	John Len Lacy, usually known as Len Lacy (September 8, 1900 -- June 7, 1998), was a prominent farmer, cattleman, landowner, and businessman who served from 1964 to 1968 as a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Castor in Bienville Parish in northwestern Louisiana.	Len Lacy	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Marcantonio Memmo (Venice, November 11, 1536 -- Venice, October 31, 1615) was the 91st Doge of Venice, reigning from July 24, 1612 until his death.	Marcantonio Memmo	Doge of Venice
position held	Nhiek Tioulong (Khmer: ញឹក ជូឡុង; August 23, 1908 -- June 9, 1996) was a Cambodian army officer and politician who served as Acting Prime Minister of Cambodia from 13 February 1962 to 6 August 1962.	Nhiek Tioulong	Prime Minister of Cambodia
position held	K. C. Tyagi (born 10 December 1950) is an Indian politician who is a member of the Rajya Sabha (the upper house of Indian Parliament) representing the state of Bihar and serves as the Chief General Secretary and National Spokesperson of the Janata Dal (United).	K. C. Tyagi	member of the Rajya Sabha
position held	Mato Vodopić (Dubrovnik, December 13, 1816 - 13 March 1893) was the bishop of Dubrovnik from July 3, 1882 until his death in 1893, and wrote poems for some special occasions, and was a storyteller and collector of folk ballads.	Mato Vodopić	bishop
position held	Sir Malachy Bowes Daly, KCMG (February 6, 1836 -- April 26, 1920) was a Canadian politician and the seventh Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.	Malachy Bowes Daly	Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia
position held	Franklin Davenport (September 1755 -- July 27, 1832) was a Federalist Party United States Senator and US Representative from New Jersey.	Franklin Davenport	United States Senator
position held	William Lee Knous (February 2, 1889 -- December 11, 1959) was a Colorado Democratic state legislator, state Supreme Court justice and the 31st Governor of Colorado, and a U.S. district judge.	William Lee Knous	Governor of Colorado
position held	Roni Milo (Hebrew: רוני מילוא‎, born 26 November 1938 as Ron Milikovsky) is an Israeli politician, lawyer and journalist, and a former Knesset member who held several ministerial positions.	Roni Milo	Knesset member
position held	Pedro Zaragoza Orts (May 15, 1922 -- April 1, 2008) was the mayor of Benidorm from 1950 to 1967.	Pedro Zaragoza	mayor
position held	William Stanley West (August 23, 1849 -- December 22, 1914) was a United States Senator from the state of Georgia.	William Stanley West	United States Senator
position held	Leo Nowak (Magdeburg, 19 March 1929) was the first bishop of the newly re-erected Roman Catholic Diocese of Magdeburg, Germany, from 1994 till 2001.	Leo Nowak	bishop
position held	Klængur Þorsteinsson (1102 -- February 28, 1176) was an Icelandic Roman Catholic clergyman, who became the fourth bishop of Iceland from 1152 to 1176.	Klængur Þorsteinsson	bishop
position held	Sheikh Hasina Wazed (Bengali: শেখ হাসিনা; English /ˈʃeɪk həˈsiːnə/, SHAYK hə-SEE-nə; born 28 September 1947) is the current Prime Minister of Bangladesh, in office since January 2009.	Sheikh Hasina	Prime Minister of Bangladesh
position held	Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen (30 March 1818 -- 11 March 1888) was a German mayor and cooperative pioneer.	Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen	mayor
position held	George Frisbie Hoar (August 29, 1826 -- September 30, 1904) was a prominent United States politician and United States Senator from Massachusetts.	George Frisbie Hoar	United States Senator
position held	Saint Satyrus of Arezzo (fl. 304 AD) is venerated as the first bishop of Arezzo.	Satyrus of Arezzo	bishop
position held	Wilhelmus Frederik van Leeuwen (18 April 1860 - 6 September 1930) was a Dutch politician and Mayor of Amsterdam between 1901 and 1910.	Wilhelmus Frederik van Leeuwen	Mayor of Amsterdam
position held	Idi Amin Dada (/ˈiːdi ɑːˈmiːn/; c. 1923-28 -- 16 August 2003) was the third President of Uganda, ruling from 1971 to 1979.	Idi Amin	President of Uganda
position held	Francisco Seeber (November 15, 1841 -- December 13, 1913) was an Argentine military officer, businessman and Mayor of Buenos Aires.	Francisco Seeber	Mayor of Buenos Aires
position held	Richard Nero is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives, who represented the 42nd District briefly in 2008.	Richard Nero	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Curry Todd is a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 95th District, encompassing part of Shelby County.	Curry Todd	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Alexander Barrow I (March 27, 1801 -- December 29, 1846) was a lawyer and United States Senator from Louisiana.	Alexander Barrow	United States Senator
position held	Stuart A. Halsan is a former member of the Washington House of Representatives and the Washington State Senate.	Stuart A. Halsan	member of the Washington House of Representatives
position held	Aelred Sillem (29 October 1908 -- 19 May 1994) was second abbot of Quarr Abbey, on the Isle of Wight, from 1964 to 1992.	Aelred Sillem	abbot
position held	Joseph Klein (1886 - ?) was an American machinist from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Joseph Klein	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Richard M. Smith was an American from Mineral Point, Wisconsin who in 1856 spent a one-year term as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Iowa County, Wisconsin.	Richard M. Smith	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Kathy Tingelstad (born March 21, 1958) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 49B, which primarily includes portions of the cities of Andover and Coon Rapids in Anoka County in the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area.	Kathy Tingelstad	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Ross Finnie (born 11 February 1947, Greenock) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician and former Member of the Scottish Parliament.	Ross Finnie	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Robert Hamilton Moberly was the 7th Anglican Bishop of Stepney from 1936 until 1952 when he was appointed Dean of Salisbury.	Robert Hamilton Moberly	Bishop of Stepney
position held	Albert de Louvain (1166 -- 24 November 1192) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and the Prince-Bishop of Liège.	Albert de Louvain	cardinal
position held	Bishop José Alfredo Caires de Nobrega (born 12 April 1951 in Caniço (Santa Cruz)) is the bishop of the Diocese of Mananjary in Mananjary, Madagascar.	José Alfredo Caires de Nobrega	bishop
position held	Robert Hayes Gore (1886--1972) was an American politician and incredibly successful newspaper publisher who was appointed as the 11th civilian Governor of Puerto Rico, serving from July 1933 to January 1934.	Robert Hayes Gore	Governor of Puerto Rico
position held	Saint Remaclus (Remaculus, Remacle, Rimagilus; died 673) was a Benedictine missionary bishop.	Remaclus	bishop
position held	Charles John Brown (born 13 October 1959, New York City, United States) is an archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	Charles John Brown	archbishop
position held	Christian Gottfried Lorsch (September 11, 1773 in Nuremberg -- February 19, 1830 in Nuremberg) was the first civilian first mayor of Nuremberg after the city's incorporation into the Kingdom of Bavaria, serving from 1818 to 1821.	Christian Gottfried Lorsch	mayor
position held	Boris Tadić (Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (bǒris tǎdiːt͡ɕ), Serbian Cyrillic: Борис Тадић; born 15 January 1958) is a Serbian politician who served as President of Serbia from 2004 to 2012.	Boris Tadić	President of Serbia
position held	James Augustine Healy (April 6, 1830 -- August 5, 1900) was the first Roman Catholic priest and the first bishop in the United States of any known African descent.	James Augustine Healy	bishop
position held	Maria Donatucci (born 1954) is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 185th district, which includes parts of Delaware and Philadelphia counties.	Maria Donatucci	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Lawrence R. Yetka (born October 1, 1924) was an Associate Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives.	Lawrence R. Yetka	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Meanwhile, contrary to what one would expect from a man whose father was rumoured to have been murdered by the city leaders, Miltiades the Younger rose through the ranks of Athens to become eponymous archon under the rule of the Peisistratid tyrant Hippias in 524/23 BCE.	Miltiades	eponymous archon
position held	William Hannan (30 August 1906--6 March 1987) was a Labour Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom.	William Hannan	Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom
position held	Matthew Haston Krause, known as Matt Krause (born August 19, 1980) is a lawyer from Fort Worth, Texas, who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 93, which encompasses a portion of Tarrant County in suburban Fort Worth.	Matt Krause	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Andrew J. Rommeriam (March 15, 1851 -- February 1, 1926) was an American politician who served as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives.	Andrew J. Rommeriam	member of the South Dakota House of Representatives
position held	Elbert Lee Trinkle (March 12, 1876 -- November 25, 1939) was an American politician who served as the 49th Governor of Virginia from 1922 to 1926.	Elbert Lee Trinkle	Governor of Virginia
position held	Li Xiannian (pronounced (lì ɕjɛ́nnjɛ̂n); 23 June 1909 -- 21 June 1992) was President of the People's Republic of China between 1983 and 1988 and then Chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference until his death.	Li Xiannian	President of the People's Republic of China
position held	František Tomášek (30 June 1899, Studénka, Moravia -- 4 August 1992, Prague, Czechoslovakia) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church in Bohemia, the 34th Archbishop of Prague, and a Roman Catholic theologian.	František Tomášek	cardinal
position held	Pierre de La Broue (8 February 1644, Toulouse - 20 September 1720, Mirepoix was a French bishop. He was part of the 'Apellant' movement within Jansenism, which called for the summoning of a church council to discuss the anti-Jansenist papal bull Unigenitus.	Pierre de La Broue	bishop
position held	Ephraim Mirvis (born 1956) is an Orthodox rabbi who serves as the Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth.	Ephraim Mirvis	Chief Rabbi
position held	Anushavan Danielyan (Armenian: Անուշավան Դանիելյան; born 1 August 1956) was Prime Minister of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from June 1999 through September 2007.	Anushavan Danielyan	Prime Minister of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic
position held	Alhaji Dahiru Mohammed Deba (born 1952) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Governor of Bauchi State, Nigeria between January 1992 and November 1983 during the Nigerian Third Republic, leaving office after the military coup that brought General Sani Abacha to power.	Dahiru Mohammed	Governor of Bauchi State
position held	John Baptist Wang Jin (Chinese: 王藎; pinyin: Wáng Jìn; April 22, 1924 -- September 23, 2014) was a Roman Catholic bishop.	John Baptist Wang Jin	bishop
position held	Ratgar was a controversial abbot at the famous Benedictine monastery of Fulda during the early ninth century.	Ratgar	abbot
position held	Sir George Thomas Michael O'Brien KCMG (Chinese: 柯布連) (5 November 1844 -- 12 April 1906) was a British colonial official, who served as Colonial Secretary of Hong Kong from 1892 to 1895, and as Governor of Fiji from 1897 to 1901.	George Thomas Michael O'Brien	Governor of Fiji
position held	Benjamin F. Conley (March 1, 1815 -- January 10, 1886) was an American politician from the U.S. State of Georgia, who served as the 47th Governor of Georgia from 1871 to 1872.	Benjamin F. Conley	Governor of Georgia
position held	Giuseppe Pella (18 April 1902 -- 31 May 1981) was an Italian Christian Democratic politician who served as the 32nd Prime Minister of Italy from 1953 to 1954.	Giuseppe Pella	Prime Minister of Italy
position held	Paul D. Froehlich (born 1950) was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 56th district, where he served from 2003 to 2011.	Paul D. Froehlich	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position played on team / speciality	Nguyễn Huy Hùng (born 2 March 1992) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a central midfielder for QNK Quang Nam F.C..	Nguyễn Huy Hùng	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Malado Reld Anido is a Bissau-Guinean professional footballer who plays as a defender.	Malado Reld Anido	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladimír Dzurilla (August 2, 1942 in Bratislava, Slovakia -- July 25, 1995 in Düsseldorf, Germany) was a Slovak ice hockey goaltender playing for Czechoslovakia.	Vladimír Dzurilla	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Pessius Polius (born 12 November 1991) is an international football player from Saint Lucia, who plays as a goalkeeper.	Pessius Polius	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gabriel Valongo da Silva better known as Gabriel (Camaçari, June 30, 1987) is a Brazilian footballer who acts as a defender.	Gabriel Valongo da Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladimír Šmicer (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʃmɪtsɛr), born 24 May 1973) is a former Czech football midfielder player.	Vladimír Šmicer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dr. Gwyn Rowlands (19 December 1928 -- 30 April 2010) was an English-born rugby union wing, who played international rugby for the Wales national team.	Gwyn Rowlands	wing
position played on team / speciality	Meelis Lindmaa (born 14 October 1970) is a retired football (soccer) defender from Estonia, who also played as a midfielder.	Meelis Lindmaa	defender
position played on team / speciality	Odeon Bërdufi (born 20 October 1990 in Tiranë) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a forward for KS Iliria in the Albanian First Division.	Odeon Bërdufi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Almen Abdi (born 21 October 1986) is a Swiss footballer of Kosovar and Bosniak descent who plays as an attacking midfielder for Watford, having played for Zürich, Le Mans and Udinese.	Almen Abdi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Matović (Serbian Cyrillic: Душaн Maтoвић, born 8 July 1983 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Beitar Jerusalem.	Dušan Matović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Donald Slade (26 November 1888 -- 24 March 1980) was an English footballer who played as a forward for various English clubs in the period prior to World War I, before a post-war career in Scotland.	Donald Slade	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ángelo Ademir Campos Turriate (born 27 April 1993) better known as Ángelo Campos, is a Peruvian professional footballer who plays for Pacífico as a goalkeeper for Pacífico as loan from Alianza Lima.	Ángelo Campos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Hodges (born 12 June 1960) is a retired English footballer and manager who played as a midfielder, and now works as a coach.	Kevin Hodges	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rémy Vercoutre (French pronunciation: ​(ʁemi vɛʁkutχ), born 26 June 1980 in Grande-Synthe) is a French football goalkeeper currently playing for Caen.	Rémy Vercoutre	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alicia Wilson (born 19 December 1979) is a Jamaican international football defender currently playing for KR.	Alicia Wilson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Boban Bajković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бобан Бајковић; born 15 March 1985) is a goalkeeper who currently is without a club.	Boban Bajković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gregorio Blasco Sánchez (10 June 1909 -- 31 January 1983), also known as Goyo Blasco, was a Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Gregorio Blasco	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ron Fearon (born November 19, 1960 in Romford) is a retired English professional football goalkeeper.	Ron Fearon	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ismail Al-Amour (Arabic: إسماعيل العمور‎; born 2 October 1984) is a Palestinian footballer currently playing for Jabal Al Mukaber of the West Bank Premier League as a midfielder.	Ismail Al-Amour	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Johnny Howard (born 2 October 1980) is a retired English rugby union player, most often playing as scrum-half.	Johnny Howard	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Luiz Alberto da Silva Oliveira (born December 1, 1977 in Rio de Janeiro), more commonly Luiz Alberto, is a Brazilian football defender, who currently plays for Náutico.	Luiz Alberto da Silva Oliveira	defender
position played on team / speciality	Imrich Stacho (4 November 1931, in Trnava -- 10 January 2006) was a Slovak football goalkeeper.	Imrich Stacho	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giuseppe Rizzo (born 18 March 1991 in Messina) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie B club Perugia.	Giuseppe Rizzo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ažbe Jug (born 3 March 1992 in Maribor) is a Slovenian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Sporting CP in the Primeira Liga.	Ažbe Jug	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandar Kocić (Serbian Cyrillic: Aлeкcaндap Koцић; born March 18, 1969), is a Serbian former football goalkeeper.	Aleksandar Kocić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mauri Holappa (born 9 June 1965) is a Finnish football coach and former footballer (midfielder) who currently manages Djurgårdens IF (women).	Mauri Holappa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cristiano Alves Pereira (born October 9, 1980 in Joinville, Brazil), better known as Cris, is a naturalized Togolese football defender.	Cristiano Alves Pereira	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hyusein Filipov (Bulgarian: Hyusein Filipov; born 28 May 1992 in Sliven) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing as a midfielder.	Hyusein Filipov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Greg Maas (born January 19, 1966 I Portland, Oregon) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who spent his entire professional career in Portland.	Greg Maas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cho Ji-hun (Korean: 조지훈; born 29 May 1990) is a South Korean football midfielder, who plays for the Suwon Bluewings in the K League.	Cho Ji-hun	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rudy Alberto Williams (born 25 August 1965) is a retired Honduran football defender, who played most of his career for Olimpia in the Honduran Liga Nacional.	Rudy Alberto Williams	defender
position played on team / speciality	Damir Drinić(Serbian Cyrillic: Дамир Дринић; born July 20, 1989 in Bački Jarak) is a Serbian football goalkeeper.	Damir Drinić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Louis Schaub (born 29 December 1994) is a German-born Austrian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Austrian Football Bundesliga side Rapid Wien.	Louis Schaub	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Khalifa Jabbie (born January 20, 1993 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Sheriff Tiraspol in Moldova and for the Sierra Leone national football team.	Khalifa Jabbie	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lyes Dendene (born 2 May 1982) is an Algerian professional football player who currently plays as a defender for Algerian Ligue 2 club Olympique de Médéa.	Lyes Dendene	defender
position played on team / speciality	Charalambos Moisiadis (Greek: χαράλαμπος μωυσιάδης; born 28 February 1976) is a Greek footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Charalambos Moisiadis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Leigh Jenkinson (born 9 July 1969) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 1987 until 2003.	Leigh Jenkinson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rumen Rangelov (Bulgarian: Румен Рангелов; born 30 November 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Lokomotiv Sofia as a forward.	Rumen Rangelov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Stijn Meert (born 6 April 1978) is a retired Belgian football midfielder and is currently the manager at the reserve team, Zulte Waregem II. He spent most of his club career playing for Zulte Waregem in the Belgian Pro League but as of 2012 is playing for Oudenaarde in the Belgian Second Division.	Stijn Meert	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Fornah (born November 20, 1987 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who is a defender and is currently playing for Perseta Tulungagung in the Liga Indonesia Premier Division.	Mohamed Fornah	defender
position played on team / speciality	João Gabriel da Silva (born July 4, 1984) is a Brazilian football midfielder, who plays for Maltese club Qormi.	João Gabriel da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aurelio Scagnellato (26 October 1930 -- 10 July 2008) was an Italian football defender and managing director.	Aurelio Scagnellato	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Iván Moreno Dellano (born 26 January 1981 in Plasencia, Extremadura) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Iván Moreno Dellano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ahmed Adel Abd El-Moneam (Arabic: احمد عادل عبد المنعم‎) (born April 10, 1987) is an Egyptian goalkeeper, playing for the Egyptian football team Al Ahly.	Ahmed Adel Abd El-Moneam	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Monica Raluca Sârghe is a Romanian football midfielder currently playing in the Turkish Women's First League for the Turkish club Konak Belediyespor in Izmir since the 2012--13 season.	Raluca Sârghe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohammed Ajnane (born 9 May 1990 in Alkmaar) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Mohammed Ajnane	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eoghan O'Connell (born 13 August 1995) is an Irish professional footballer who plays for Celtic as a defender.	Eoghan O'Connell	defender
position played on team / speciality	Serhiy Karpenko (Ukrainian: Сергій Васильович Карпенко; born 19 May 1981, Shchaslyve, Boryspil Raion, Kyiv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Tytan Armyansk.	Serhiy Karpenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Cravero (born 3 January 1964) is a retired Italian footballer, who played as a defender.	Roberto Cravero	defender
position played on team / speciality	Uroš Stojanov (Serbian Cyrillic: Урош Стојанов; born 5 January 1989 in Kikinda, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football forward.	Uroš Stojanov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jabulani Shongwe (born February 28, 1990) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder who plays for Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits.	Jabulani Shongwe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kristin Luckenbill (born May 28, 1979) is an American professional soccer goalkeeper and Olympic gold medalist.	Kristin Luckenbill	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giulio Migliaccio (Italian pronunciation: (ˈdʒuljo miʎˈʎattʃo); born 23 June 1981) is an Italian football midfielder who currently plays for Atalanta in the Serie A league.	Giulio Migliaccio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tibor Végh (born 31 March 1956 in Székesfehérvár) is a retired Hungarian footballer who played as a defender.	Tibor Végh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Muthana Khalid Al-Masloukhi (Arabic: مثنى خالد المسلوخي‎) (born June 14, 1989, in Iraq) is an Iraqi midfielder.	Muthana Khalid	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Kircus (born February 19, 1980) is a former gridiron football wide receiver.	David Kircus	wide receiver
position played on team / speciality	Jürgen Croy (born 19 October 1946 in Zwickau, Germany) is a former international football goalkeeper for the German Democratic Republic.	Jürgen Croy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ian Benjamin (born 11 December 1961) was an English professional footballer who played for a number of clubs in a number of positions, mostly as a forward.	Ian Benjamin	forward
position played on team / speciality	John Seasman (born 21 February 1955) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a midfielder.	John Seasman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Suárez de Begoña also known as Manolo Suárez or simply Suárez (b. Getxo -- d. August 23, 1936 in Alicante) was a Spanish football forward and manager.	Manuel Suárez de Begoña	forward
position played on team / speciality	Amir Abbas Ayenechi (Persian: امیر عباس آینه چی‎‎, January 6, 1994 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian football defender, who currently plays for Persepolis in Persian Gulf Pro League.	Amir Abbas Ayenechi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marc Bourrier (born 21 September 1934) is a French football midfielder who played for Montpellier, Lens, Toulon and Avignon.	Marc Bourrier	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Tešić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Тешић; born 16 July 1988) is a Serbian football forward, who last played for Spartak Subotica in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Dušan Tešić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Miroslav Ceplák (born 16 June 1983) is a Czech footballer who plays midfielder.	Miroslav Ceplák	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Henrique da Silva (born 17 May 1995), simply known as Eduardo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro as a defensive midfielder.	Eduardo Henrique	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carl Hoefkens (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkɑrl ˈɦuf.kəns); born 6 October 1978) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a defender for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62, and formerly the Belgium national football team.	Carl Hoefkens	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nicole Bullo (born July 18, 1987) is a Swiss ice hockey forward who plays internationally for the Switzerland women's national ice hockey team.	Nicole Bullo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Frank Corrigan (born 13 November 1952 in Liverpool, Merseyside) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Frank Corrigan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juri Cisotti (born 5 May 1993) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Rijeka on loan from Spezia.	Juri Cisotti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Omar Sahnoun (Arabic: عمر سحنون‎; 18 August 1955 -- 21 April 1980) was a French professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Omar Sahnoun	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luigi De Agostini (born April 7, 1961) is an Italian former football defender, primarily in the role of an attacking full-back, due to his pace, stamina, marking, crossing, positional sense, technical ability, and his capacity to read the game.	Luigi De Agostini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro Lopes Pereira, as known as Alessandro Lopes (born 13 February 1984) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender.	Alessandro Lopes Pereira	defender
position played on team / speciality	Damien Kelly is a retired Irish-American soccer forward who played professionally in the United Soccer League, American Indoor Soccer Association and Southwest Independent Soccer League.	Damien Kelly	forward
position played on team / speciality	Krzysztof Marcinkowski (29 April 1960 -- 19 December 2013) was a Polish footballer who primarily played as a midfielder.	Krzysztof Marcinkowski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jordi Vinyals Martori (born 24 November 1963 in Cardedeu, Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current coach of Chinese club Qingdao Hainiu FC.	Jordi Vinyals	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Valentin Stocker (born 12 April 1989 in Lucerne) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Hertha BSC in the German Bundesliga.	Valentin Stocker	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dragan Žilić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Жилић; born 14 December 1974) is a former Serbian football goalkeeper.	Dragan Žilić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Salomón Libman (born 25 February 1984) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper in the Torneo Descentralizado for CD Universidad César Vallejo and the Peru national team.	Salomón Libman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mauro Lucas dos Santos Alonso (born August 12, 1988), commonly known as Mauro Alonso, is a Brazilian football midfielder.	Mauro Alonso	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Saša Vidović (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Видовић, born 14 February 1982) is a Bosnian Serb football midfielder playing for RFK Novi Sad in the Serbian First League.	Saša Vidović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ilie Cebanu (born 29 December 1986 in Chişinău) is a Moldovan footballer who currently plays for Russian side FC Mordovia Saransk as goalkeeper.	Ilie Cebanu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Amoukou Gérard Gnanhouan (born 12 February 1979) is a Côte d'Ivoire football goalkeeper who currently is Free agent.	Gérard Gnanhouan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mpho Gift Leremi (13 October 1984 -- 3 September 2007) was a South African football midfielder who last played for Mamelodi Sundowns in the Premier Soccer League, and South Africa.	Gift Leremi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ilson Pereira Dias Júnior, commonly known as Ilsinho (born 12 October 1985 in São Bernardo do Campo), is a Brazilian right midfielder who last played for Shakhtar Donetsk.	Ilsinho	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lukas Königshofer (born 16 March 1989) is an Austrian football goalkeeper currently playing for Hallescher FC in the German 3.	Lukas Königshofer	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matthias Maucksch (born 11 June 1969) is a German former footballer who played as midfielder or defender.	Matthias Maucksch	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sævar Jónsson (born 22 July 1958) is an Icelandic former footballer, who played as a defender.	Sævar Jónsson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Yuryevich Sobolev (Russian: Владимир Юрьевич Соболев; born 30 July 1991 in Gukovo, Rostov Oblast) is a Russian footballer who plays for Russian Premier League club FC Rubin Kazan as a midfielder.	Vladimir Yuryevich Sobolev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cristiano Gimelli (born on 15 February 1982) is an Italian football defender.	Cristiano Gimelli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zane Winslade was playing for the Tasman Makos in the Air New Zealand Cup in 2009 He is an openside flanker that ran and tackled hard.	Zane Winslade	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Samal Saeed Mujbel Al Mamoori (Arabic: سامال سعيد مجبل‎, born 27 May 1984, in Iraq) is an Iraqi defender who plays for Al-Talaba In Iraq, and for the Iraq national football team.	Samal Saeed	defender
position played on team / speciality	Michal Birner (born March 2, 1986) is a Czech ice hockey forward.	Michal Birner	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hamza Bencherif (born 2 February 1988) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for F.C. Halifax Town at centre back or as a midfielder.	Hamza Bencherif	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jason Naismith (born 25 June 1994) is a professional football player currently playing as a defender for St. Mirren in the Scottish Championship.	Jason Naismith	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohammed Abu (born 14 November 1991) is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays professionally for Norwegian club Strømsgodset, as a midfielder.	Mohammed Abu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bohdan Blavatskyi (Ukrainian: Богдан Ігорович Блавацький; born 7 June 1963 in Mali Pidlisky, Zhovkva Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian former football forward and now a football coach since 1994.	Bohdan Blavatskyi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Emilio Romero is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League, American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League /Colorado Comets South West Professional League 1984-1988 Player Coach .	Emilio Romero	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Duback is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who played in the Western Soccer Alliance, American Soccer League and American Professional Soccer League.	Jeff Duback	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jakob Busk Jensen (born 12 September 1993) is a Danish footballer, playing as goalkeeper for Union Berlin.	Jakob Busk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tommaso Bellazzini (born 23 December 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays for Pavia as an attacking midfielder or winger.	Tommaso Bellazzini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Victor Leandro Bagy, simply known as Victor (born 21 January 1983), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro as a goalkeeper.	Victor Leandro Bagy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Theis Frydenlund Rasmussen (born 12 July 1984), known as Theis F. Rasmussen, is a Danish football goalkeeper currently unattached.	Theis F. Rasmussen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Keo Coleman is a former linebacker in the National Football League.	Keo Coleman	linebacker
position played on team / speciality	Eddie Soto (born June 14, 1972) was a U.S. soccer forward who spent five seasons in the USISL and has served as an assistant men's and women's collegiate soccer coach for eight seasons.	Eddie Soto	forward
position played on team / speciality	Chappie Sheppell was an American soccer forward who led the American Soccer League in scoring in 1943.	Chappie Sheppell	forward
position played on team / speciality	Fredrik Gulbrandsen (born 10 September 1992) is a Norwegian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Molde.	Fredrik Gulbrandsen	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lúcio Soares (born 31 May 1934 in Manhuaçu -- died 1988) was a Portuguese footballer who played as defender.	Lúcio Soares	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sean Kavanagh (born 24 January 1994) is an Irish footballer who plays for Mansfield Town on loan from Fulham as a defender.	Sean Kavanagh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jesmond Delia (born 20 March 1967 in Malta) is a former professional footballer who last played for Maltese First Division side Pietà Hotspurs, where he played as a defender.	Jesmond Delia	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bryan Rodney (born April 22, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who plays currently for HCB South Tyrol in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Bryan Rodney	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Rodolfo Orlandini (January 1, 1905 -- December 24, 1990) was an Argentine football (soccer) midfielder who played for the Argentina national team between 1927 and 1930.	Rodolfo Orlandini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Priit Reiska (born 3 January 1970, in Tallinn) is a football (soccer) defender from Estonia, who also played as a midfielder.	Priit Reiska	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gerald Sibeko (born July 6, 1979 in Soweto, Gauteng) is a former South African football (soccer) player who played as a midfielder.	Gerald Sibeko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Heinz Wirtz is a retired German soccer defender who played professionally in the Bundesliga (Germany).	Heinz Wirtz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jeffrey Werleman is a football (soccer) goalkeeper and member of the Aruba national football team.	Jeffrey Werleman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kern Cupid (born November 4, 1984) is a professional football defender from Trinidad and Tobago.	Kern Cupid	defender
position played on team / speciality	Theo Selemidis (born 27 October 1959) is an Australian former soccer player who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder.	Theo Selemidis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ali Khaddafi(born July 7, 1984 in Lomé) is a Togolese football midfielder.	Ali Khaddafi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	James Irons (born 30 October 1874) was a Scottish footballer who played as a wing half.	James Irons	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Ernandes Dias Luz (born 11 November 1987 in São Félix do Araguaia, Mato Grosso), simply known as Ernandes, is a Brazilian footballer who is plays for América Mineiro as a defensive midfielder or a left back.	Ernandes Dias Luz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Golubović (born 24 February 1986) is a Serbian-born Montenegrin professional basketball player for Pallacanestro Reggiana of the Italian Serie A. Standing at 2.12 m (6 ft 11 1⁄2 in), he plays at the center position.	Vladimir Golubović	center
position played on team / speciality	Jari Europaeus (born 29 December 1962 in Helsinki, Finland) is a retired football defender.	Jari Europaeus	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gjergji Muzaka (born 26 September 1984 in Tiranë) is an Albanian footballer who plays for Tirana in the Albanian Superliga as a midfielder.	Gjergji Muzaka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	The club's stadium was renamed to the Niko Dovana Stadium in the early 1990s in honour of the goalkeeper.	Niko Dovana	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lee Bell (born 26 January 1983) is an English former professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for Macclesfield Town, on loan from Burton Albion.	Lee Bell	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sadegh Moharrami (Persian: صادق محرمی‎‎) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Malavan in the Iran Pro League.	Sadegh Moharrami	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Energy Murambadoro (born 27 June 1982 in Gweru) is a former Zimbabwean football (soccer) goalkeeper who last played for Bidvest Wits in the South African Premier Soccer League and Zimbabwe.	Energy Murambadoro	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Henry Motego (born 21 May 1964) is a former Kenya international football forward who played for clubs in Kenya and Oman.	Henry Motego	forward
position played on team / speciality	Antônio Dias dos Santos, best known as Toninho (born in Vera Cruz, Bahia State, Brazil, June 7, 1948 -- died December 8, 1999) was an association footballer in defender role.	Antônio Dias dos Santos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Homer Screws is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League, Western Soccer Alliance and American Indoor Soccer Association.	Homer Screws	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Luís Marques Kruss Gomes (born 6 December 1955), known as Eduardo Luís, is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a central defender, and a current coach.	Eduardo Luís	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tomáš Duba (born July 2, 1981 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender, currently playing for Krefeld Pinguine in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Tomáš Duba	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Orri Sigurður Ómarsson (born 18 February 1995) is an Icelandic football player who plays as a defender for Valur.	Orri Sigurður Ómarsson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Wijay or Vijay (Tamil விஜய், Kannada ವಿಜಯ್, Sanskrit विजय; born December 29, 1982 in Medan, North Sumatra) is an Indonesian footballer midfielder of Indian Indonesians descent.	Wijay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tim Bakens (born 2 November 1982 in Groesbeek) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a centre back.	Tim Bakens	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Murat Kayalı (born 13 August 1989) is a Turkish footballer, who last played as a midfielder for Elazığspor.	Murat Kayalı	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stuart Dimond (3 January 1920 -- 2004) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	Stuart Dimond	forward
position played on team / speciality	New coach Ján Kocian appointed Xu Deshuai as a box-to-box midfielder and played as one of playmakers with captain Li Haiqiang but he could not have a good performance.	Xu Deshuai	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Boy Waterman (born 24 January 1984 in Lelystad, Flevoland) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cypriot First Division side APOEL FC.	Boy Waterman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Irvine Harwood (born 1905) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	Irvine Harwood	forward
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Mkrtchyan (Armenian: Արթուր Մկրտչյան, born on 9 September 1973 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is a retired Armenian football defender.	Arthur Mkrtchyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Simon Look is a retired Israeli football (soccer) forward who played professionally in Israel and in the American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Simon Look	forward
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Greilinger (born August 6, 1981 in Deggendorf) is German professional ice hockey forward.	Thomas Greilinger	forward
position played on team / speciality	Omid Popalzay (Dari: امید پوپلزي; born 25 January 1996 in Kabul) is an Afghan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Achilles '29 in the Dutch Jupiler League.	Omid Popalzay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Azi Shahril Azmi (born on 20 September 1985) is a Malaysian footballer who is a midfielder for Felcra F.C..	Azi Shahril Azmi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	As a midfielder, Tércio Nunes Machado played for several clubs including Atlético Mineiro, Caxias, Cruzeiro, Náutico and Ceilândia in Brazil before heading overseas.	Tércio Nunes Machado	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Božidar Čačić (born 28 June 1972) is a Croatian retired football defender.	Božidar Čačić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Mussi (born 25 August 1963) is a former Italian footballer, who played as a defender; he was capable of playing both in a centre-back or right-back role.	Roberto Mussi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vincenzo Italiano (born December 10, 1977) is an Italian football player who is currently a midfielder for Lumezzane.	Vincenzo Italiano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pekka Rautakallio (born July 25, 1953) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey defenceman and coach.	Pekka Rautakallio	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Velázquez Villaverde (24 January 1943 -- 15 January 2016) was a Spanish footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Manuel Velázquez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Valter Matošević (born 11 June 1970 in Rijeka, Croatia) is a former Croatian team handball player who was at the goalkeeper position.	Valter Matošević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandr Kislitsyn (Russian: Александр Кислицын; born 8 March 1986) is a Kazakh football defender for FC Irtysh Pavlodar.	Aleksandr Kislitsyn	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Alberto Trejo Sánchez (born March 20, 1983 in Mexico DF, Mexico) is a professional football goalkeeper and is currently a free agent.	Carlos Alberto Trejo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Pimlott (died January 1895) was a footballer who played as a forward for Burslem Port Vale between 1891 and 1893.	Arthur Pimlott	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jan Klijnjan (born February 26, 1945) is a Dutch former international football midfielder.	Jan Klijnjan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Saeed Robinson (born 8 August 1990) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays as a forward for Colorado Springs Switchbacks in the USL.	Saeed Robinson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Dal Santo (born 12 January 1972) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as defender for the Swiss team FC Oerlikon Polizei.	Ivan Dal Santo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sakit Aliyev (22 December 1965 -- 12 October 2015) was an Azerbaijani professional footballer who most notable played as a defender for Turan Tovuz and the Azerbaijan national team.	Sakit Aliyev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Angel David Alonso (born 30 November 1985) is a Paraguayan association football defender currently playing for Comunicaciones of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina.	Angel David Alonso	defender
position played on team / speciality	Han Wenhai (Chinese: 韩文海; born 28 January 1971) is a former Chinese football goalkeeper, currently at Dalian Aerbin F.C. as a goalkeeping coach.	Han Wenhai	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Serhiy Dolhanskyi (born 15 September 1974 in Zdolbuniv, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Serhiy Dolhanskyi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Chalkiadakis (Greek: Μπρούνο Χαλκιαδάκης), born Bruno Pereira Da Silva Araujo (born 7 April 1993) is a Greek-Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Superleague Greece club Olympiacos, as a midfielder.	Bruno Chalkiadakis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Massimiliano Barbone (born 12 July 1991) is a former Italian footballer who plays as a defender.	Massimiliano Barbone	defender
position played on team / speciality	Manja Rogan (born 22 October 1995) is a Slovenian football midfielder currently playing for Pomurje in the Slovenian Women's League, with which she made her Champions League debut in August 2012, scoring 3 goals.	Manja Rogan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Díaz Mangano (born 2 December 1992), commonly known as Bicho, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a midfielder.	David Díaz Mangano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lloyd Scott, MBE (born 13 October 1961 in Rainham, London) is an English former professional football goalkeeper and now charity fundraiser, best known in the UK for his charity marathons.	Lloyd Scott	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kennedy Malunga (born 14 May 1970) is a former Malawi international football midfielder who plays for clubs in Malawi, South Africa and Belgium.	Kennedy Malunga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean-François Péron (born 11 October 1965 in Saint-Omer, France), more commonly known in England as Jeff Peron is a retired French professional footballer who played as a midfielder for several teams in the Football League.	Jean-François Péron	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	He is currently goaltender and coach of the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League's Anka S.K. and member of the Turkey national men's ice hockey team Çağıl Uyar played for Ankara Büyükşehir Belediye S.K. in the 2005--2006 season before he transferred to Anka S.K.	Çağıl Uyar	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Philippe Clement (born 22 March 1974) is a Belgian retired football defender and currently the assistant manager of Club Brugge.	Philippe Clement	defender
position played on team / speciality	Elia Benedettini (born 22 June 1995) is a Sammarinese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian club Cesena's under-19 team.	Elia Benedettini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lisa Stoia (born August 28, 1982, Shirley, New York) is an American soccer midfielder who last played for Saint Louis Athletica of Women's Professional Soccer.	Lisa Stoia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Grégory Tafforeau (born 29 September 1976 in Bois-Guillaume, Seine-Maritime) is a retired French Norman footballer who played as a defender.	Grégory Tafforeau	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cristhian Venegas (born 27 May 1993 in Los Ángeles, Chile) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Segunda División de Chile club Santa Cruz on loan from O'Higgins as defender.	Cristhian Venegas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born 1 May 1981) is a Venezuelan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club CD Numancia mainly as an attacking midfielder.	Julio Álvarez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andy Franck (born July 4, 1981 in Lakewood, Ohio) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played goaltender for the Wheeling Nailers, Youngstown Steelhounds, Providence Bruins, Oklahoma City Blazers, and Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees.	Andy Franck	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Ali Ceesay (born 10 October 1992) is a Gambian football defender, who last played for Skonto Rīga in the Latvian Higher League.	Ali Ceesay	defender
position played on team / speciality	Enoque Paulo Guilherme (born August 16, 1987), better known as Enoque, is an Angolan football defender, who plays for Santos de Angola in the Girabola.	Enoque Paulo Guilherme	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aleksey Dionisiev (Bulgarian: Алексей Дионисиев; born 21 April 1973) is a former Bulgarian-born Uzbekistani footballer who played as a defender.	Aleksey Dionisiev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Shu-Aib Walters (born 26 December 1981 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Maritzburg United in the Premier Soccer League.	Shu-Aib Walters	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Davide Cinaglia (born 10 April 1994) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Ascoli.	Davide Cinaglia	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Lara Struck is an Australian goalkeeper for Kaiserslautern WFC, formerly of Darwin WFC and the Northern Territory Academy of Sport.	Lara Struck	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Patrik Olsson (born 27 September 1974) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.	Patrik Olsson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gary DePalma is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the USL A-League, National Professional Soccer League and second Major Indoor Soccer League.	Gary DePalma	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sonia Vesga Ruiz, also known as Sonia Burgos in allusion to her birthplace, is a Spanish football midfielder, currently playing for Rayo Vallecano in Primera División.	Sonia Vesga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Runa Vikestad (born 13 August 1984 in Finnsnes) is a Norwegian football defender, currently playing for Kolbotn Fotball in the Toppserien.	Runa Vikestad	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fred Higginbotham (1868 -- September 7, 1896) was an ice hockey defenceman for the Winnipeg Victorias.	Fred Higginbotham	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Mostafa Shojaei (Persian: مصطفی شجاعی‎‎) is an Iranian football forward, who currently plays for Mes Kerman in Azadegan League.	Mostafa Shojaei	forward
position played on team / speciality	Zoran Nižić (born 11 October 1989 in Split) is a Croatian football player who plays as defender, currently with Hajduk Split in the Prva HNL.	Zoran Nižić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lou Cioffi is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League and third American Soccer League.	Lou Cioffi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lewis Coult (born 7 June 1988) is a Scottish professional football forward who plays for Stirling Albion.	Lewis Coult	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Chrysostome Raharison (born 23 August 1979), commonly referred to as Bota, is a Madagascar international footballer who plays for SS Saint-Louisienne, as a goalkeeper.	Jean-Chrysostome Raharison	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Josh Unice (born June 24, 1989) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender.	Josh Unice	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	As an attacking left-footed midfielder Ma Mingyu would break into the senior team on 30 January 1996, when he made his debut in a qualifier for the 1996 AFC Asian Cup against Macau in a 7--1 victory.	Ma Mingyu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stipe Pletikosa (pronounced (stǐːpe plětikosa); born 8 January 1979) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Deportivo de La Coruña as a goalkeeper.	Stipe Pletikosa	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lau Cheuk Hin (Chinese: 劉卓軒; Jyutping: lau4 coek3 hin1; born 26 April 1992 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong football midfielder.	Lau Cheuk Hin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Damien Brunner (born March 9, 1986) is a Swiss professional ice hockey forward currently playing with HC Lugano of the National League A.	Damien Brunner	forward
position played on team / speciality	Luca Ladner (born 26 April 1989 in Zürich) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as midfielder for FC Wohlen on loan from FC Zurich in the Swiss Super League.	Luca Ladner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lee Pluck (born 25 March 1982) in Enfield, London, England, is a retired English professional footballer who played as a defender for Barnet in the Football League.	Lee Pluck	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marcos Renan Oliveira Santana, (born 7 March 1990) also called Renan, is a football midfielder.	Marcos Renan Oliveira Santana	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Noah Palmer (born April 21, 1983 in Williamsburg, Virginia) is an American soccer goalkeeper.	Noah Palmer	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michael Præst (born July 25, 1986 in Give) is a Danish professional football player in the defender position, who currently plays for KR Reykjavíkur in the Úrvalsdeild.	Michael Præst	defender
position played on team / speciality	Iosif Cavai (born 1 January 1951 in Timişoara) is a Romanian association football goalkeeper and coach.	Iosif Cavai	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Per Gunnar Dalløkken (born 28 January 1965) is a retired Norwegian football midfielder.	Per Gunnar Dalløkken	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Artem Kychak (Ukrainian: Артем Іванович Кичак; born 16 May 1989 in Vinnytsia, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper.	Artem Kychak	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	S. Mack (full name unrecorded) was an English footballer who played as a defender.	S. Mack	defender
position played on team / speciality	Steffen Büttner (born 2 November 1963) is a German former footballer who played as a defender.	Steffen Büttner	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ernie Gregory (10 November 1921 -- 21 January 2012) was an English footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for West Ham United.	Ernie Gregory	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matteo Brighi (Italian pronunciation: (matˈtɛo ˈbriɡi); born 14 February 1981) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Bologna as a midfielder.	Matteo Brighi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vadym Melnyk (born 16 May 1980, Nemovychi, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi.	Vadym Melnyk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bernd Jakubowski (December 10, 1952 in Rostock -- July 25, 2007 in Dresden) was an East German footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Bernd Jakubowski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Martín Edwin García (born 2 March 1981 in Bogotá, Cundinamarca) is a Colombian football forward who last played for Tianjin Songjiang.	Martín Edwin García	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ron Brett (4 September 1937 -- 30 August 1962) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward.	Ron Brett	forward
position played on team / speciality	Arash Roshanipour (Persian: آرش روشنی پور; born February 25, 1988‎) is an Iranian football midfielder, who currently plays for Saba Qom in Iran's Premier Football League.	Arash Roshanipour	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Ángel Lozano Ayala (born 16 September 1978), known as Miguel Ángel, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Miguel Ángel Lozano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Willie Lennie (26 January 1882 -- unknown) was a Scottish professional football midfielder who played for Queen's Park, Rangers, Dundee, Fulham and Aberdeen.	Willie Lennie	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Bantamoi (born 24 May 1986 in Bo, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Finnish club RoPS.	Patrick Bantamoi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Campese (born August 3, 1963) is a Canadian-born Italian ice hockey goaltender.	Bruno Campese	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Billy Best (born 7 September 1942) was a professional footballer who played football for Northampton Town and Southend United as a forward.	Billy Best	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tamara Jovanović is a Serbian retired football midfielder who played for Mašinac Niš in the Serbian First League.	Tamara Jovanović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michele Serena (born 10 March 1970 in Venice) is an Italian former football defender and former manager of Padova.	Michele Serena	defender
position played on team / speciality	Daniele De Rossi, Ufficiale OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (daˈnjɛːle de ˈrossi); born 24 July 1983) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Serie A club Roma and the Italy national team as a defensive midfielder.	Daniele De Rossi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fausto González Sibaja (born 13 September 1978 in Ciudad Quesada, San Carlos) is a former Costa Rican footballer who played as goalkeeper.	Fausto González	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Blagojče Božinovski (born 7 May 1985 in Skopje) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a defender, currently with NK Croatia Sesvete in the Croatian Druga HNL.	Blagojče Božinovski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Bate (14 October 1908 -- February 1993) was an English professional footballer who played predominantly as a centre forward and occasionally as an outside-right.	Arthur Bate	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rahman Ahmadi (Persian: رحمان احمدی‎, born 30 July 1980 in Noshahr, Iran) is an Iranian goalkeeper who currently plays for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League.	Rahman Ahmadi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Harry McMenemy (born 26 March 1912, date of death unknown) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as an inside forward.	Harry McMenemy	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Rambaudi (born January 12, 1966 in Moncalieri) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player, who played as a forward or midfielder in the position of right winger.	Roberto Rambaudi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Amanda Sampedro Bustos (born 26 June 1993) is a Spanish football midfielder, currently playing for Atlético Madrid in Spain's Primera División.	Amanda Sampedro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ernesto Valverde Tejedor (Spanish pronunciation: (erˈnesto βalˈβerðe); born 9 February 1964) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward, and the current coach of Athletic Bilbao.	Ernesto Valverde	forward
position played on team / speciality	Petar Kanchev (Bulgarian: Петър Кънчев) (born 4 September 1977) is a Bulgarian footballer currently (as of June 2010) playing for PFC Chernomorets Balchik as a midfielder.	Petar Kanchev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeovânio Rocha do Nascimento or simply Jeovânio (born November 11, 1977, in Goiânia, Brazil) is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.	Jeovânio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Valdis Pultraks (1922-1972) was a Latvian football goalkeeper, one of the most known Latvian footballers of the early post-World War II era.	Valdis Pultraks	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gerard Bordas Bahamontes (born 11 September 1981 in Manresa, Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CE Manresa as a winger or a forward.	Gerard Bordas	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sven Ratke (born 3 January 1972 in Görlitz) is a German former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Sven Ratke	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Víctor René Mendieta Ocampo (born 16 June 1961 in Panama City is a retired Panamanian football forward.	Víctor René Mendieta Ocampo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Yacine Abdessadki (born 1 January 1981 in Nice, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur) is a French-born Moroccan football midfielder currently plays for SR Colmar.	Yacine Abdessadki	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mārtiņš Raitums (born 14 April 1985) is a Latvian ice hockey goaltender who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Latvia men's national ice hockey team.	Mārtiņš Raitums	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Christos Terzanidis (Greek: Χρήστος Τερζανίδης; born 13 February 1945) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a midfielder.	Christos Terzanidis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Punčec (born 27 October 1991) is a Croatian football player who plays as a defender, currently with 1.	Roberto Punčec	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandre Karapetian (Armenian: Ալեքսանդր Կարապետյան; born 23 December 1987) is an Armenian footballer who plays as a forward for Luxembourgian club Dudelange.	Aleksandre Karapetian	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gerolamo Radice (11 November 1883 -- 19 November 1948) was an Italian professional footballer, who played as a goalkeeper, and football referee.	Gerolamo Radice	goalkeeper
present in work	The Ministry of Magic is the government of the Magical community of Britain in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.	Ministry of Magic	Harry Potter
present in work	Laserbeak (with various spellings) is the name given to several fictional characters in the various Transformers universes.	Laserbeak	Transformers
present in work	Ashley Cotton is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, the son of Zoe and Nick Cotton (John Altman) and the grandson of Charlie (Christopher Hancock) and Dot Cotton (June Brown), played by Rossi Higgins in 1993 and then by Frankie Fitzgerald in 2000.	Ashley Cotton	EastEnders
present in work	Ouyang Feng is a fictional character in the wuxia novel The Legend of the Condor Heroes and its sequel, The Return of the Condor Heroes, both of which are written by Jin Yong (Louis Cha).	Ouyang Feng	The Legend of the Condor Heroes	The Return of the Condor Heroes
present in work	Anne Marie Wilkes Dugan, usually known as Annie Wilkes, is a character in the 1987 novel Misery, by Stephen King.	Annie Wilkes	Misery
present in work	Milo Pressman is a fictional character played by Eric Balfour on the show 24.	Milo Pressman	24
present in work	Caroline Spencer is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful, created by producer Bradley Bell.	Caroline Spencer	The Bold and the Beautiful
present in work	Patricia ``Peppermint Patty'' Reichardt is a fictional character featured in Charles M. Schulz' comic strip Peanuts.	Peppermint Patty	Peanuts
present in work	George O'Malley is a fictional character from the medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, which airs on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States.	George O'Malley	Grey's Anatomy
present in work	Trevor Short is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera, EastEnders, played by Phil McDermott from 1 June 1989 to 1 March 1990.	Trevor Short	EastEnders
publication date	Alien Siege is a 2005 Sci-Fi Channel Original Movie about an alien race that comes to Earth seeking a cure to a deadly virus, for which the antidote is human blood.	Alien Siege	2005
publication date	The Restorers (sometimes referred to as The Restorers: Giving History a Future...) is a 2003 documentary film by Adam White about restoration of vintage war planes ranging from the F4U Corsair to the B-17 ``Yankee Lady''.	The Restorers	2003
publication date	The Woman in the House is a 1942 short feature from MGM about an Englishwoman who becomes a recluse for forty years.	The Woman in the House	1942
publication date	The Chronicles of Riddick is a 2004 American science fiction adventure film which follows the adventures of Richard B. Riddick as he attempts to elude capture after the events depicted in the 2000 film Pitch Black.	The Chronicles of Riddick	2004
publication date	The Hunchback of Notre Dame II is a 2002 American animated romantic musical comedy-drama film and direct-to-video sequel to the 1996 Disney animated film The Hunchback of Notre Dame.	The Hunchback of Notre Dame II	2002
publication date	Interchange File Format (IFF), is a generic container file format originally introduced by the Electronic Arts company in 1985 (in cooperation with Commodore/Amiga) in order to facilitate transfer of data between software produced by different companies.	Interchange File Format	1985
publication date	Legendary Weapons of China (aka Legendary Weapons of Kung Fu) is a 1982 martial arts fantasy film directed by Lau Kar-Leung.	Legendary Weapons of China	1982
publication date	Oil's Well is a computer game distributed by Sierra On-Line in 1983, and again in 1990.	Oil's Well	1983
publication date	I Miss You, Hugs and Kisses (also known as Drop Dead, Dearest and Left for Dead) is a 1978 Canadian drama-mystery film.	I Miss You, Hugs and Kisses	1978
publication date	Red Chinese Battle Plan is a 28-minute black-and-white propaganda short produced by the United States Department of Defense in 1967.	Red Chinese Battle Plan	1967
publication date	Going by the Book (Hangul: 바르게 살자; RR: Bareuge Salja) is a 2007 South Korean film.	Going by the Book	2007
publication date	Hello, Schoolgirl (Hangul: 순정만화; RR: Sunjeong Manhwa; literally ``pure/romantic comic,'' the Korean version of shōjo manga) is a 2008 South Korean film.	Hello, Schoolgirl	2008
publication date	Love's Long Journey is a 2005 Christian Drama made-for-TV movie based on a series of books by Janette Oke.	Love's Long Journey	2005
publication date	In the Good Old Summertime is a 1949 Technicolor musical film directed by Robert Z. Leonard.	In the Good Old Summertime	1949
publication date	Devaru Kotta Vara (Kannada: ದೇವರು ಕೊಟ್ಟ ವರ) is a 1976 Indian Kannada film, directed by R. Ramamurthy and produced by R. Rama Sheshan and R. Kashi Vishwanathan.	Devaru Kotta Vara	1976
publication date	Son İstasyon is a 2010 Turkish drama film written and directed by Oğulcan Kırca and starring the director's father Levent Kırca.	Son İstasyon	2010
publication date	The Burning Times is a 1990 Canadian documentary, presenting a feminist account of the Early Modern European witchcraft trials.	The Burning Times	1990
publication date	Thambikottai is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language action-masala film directed by R. Ammu Ramesh.	Thambikottai	2011
publication date	Stolen Honor is a 45-minute video documentary that was released in September 2004.	Stolen Honor	2004
publication date	Dreams from the Middle of the World (Spanish: Sueños en la mitad del mundo) is a 1998 Ecuadorian film directed by Carlos Naranjo Estrella.	Dreams from the Middle of the World	1998
publication date	Spy Hunter is a 1983 arcade game developed and released by Bally Midway.	Spy Hunter	1983
publication date	Cup Fever is a 1965 British family sports film directed by David Bracknell and starring Bernard Cribbins, David Lodge and Susan George.	Cup Fever	1965
publication date	Tell Me Lies is a 1968 British drama film directed and produced by Peter Brook.	Tell Me Lies	1968
publication date	Gli Angeli del quartiere (``The Angels of the Neighbourhood'') is a 1952 Italian drama film.	Gli Angeli del quartiere	1952
publication date	Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is a 1931 American Pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.	Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks	1931
publication date	Standing in the Shadows of Motown is a 2002 documentary film directed by Paul Justman that recounts the story of The Funk Brothers, the uncredited and largely unheralded studio musicians who were the house band that Berry Gordy hand picked in 1959.	Standing in the Shadows of Motown	2002
publication date	Margadarshi (Kannada: ಮಾರ್ಗದರ್ಶಿ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film, directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by Srikanth Patel and Srikanth Nahatha.	Margadarshi	1969
publication date	Not Worth a Fig (Turkish: İncir Çekirdeği) is a 2009 Turkish drama film written and directed by Selda Çiçek based on a true story about a woman unhappily married to her late sister's husband.	Not Worth a Fig	2009
publication date	Darkwing was first released in Canada and the United States in August 2007.	Darkwing	2007
publication date	Jothe Jotheyali (Kannada: ಜೊತೆ ಜೊತೆಯಲಿ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada romance film directed by Dinakar Thoogudeep and produced by Meena Thoogudeepa Srinivas.	Jothe Jotheyali	2006
publication date	Walk Proud is a 1979 American drama film directed by Robert L. Collins and written by Evan Hunter.	Walk Proud	1979
publication date	Namco Classic Collection Vol. 2 (ナムコクラシックコレクション Namuko Kurashikku Korekushon Tsū) is a compilation arcade game that was released by Namco in 1996.	Namco Classic Collection Vol. 2	1996
publication date	Ponmaalai Pozhudhu (Golden Evening Hours) is a 2013 Indian Tamil film directed by AC Durai featuring Aadhav Kannadasan and Gayathrie in the lead roles.	Ponmaalai Pozhudhu	2013
publication date	The Night God Screamed is a 1971 American psychological suspense film, also classified as a horror film, independently made on a low budget by Lasky/Carlin Productions (producers Ed Carlin and Gil Lasky, with Lasky writing the screenplay).	The Night God Screamed	1971
publication date	Tactical Assault is a 1998 action/adventure film starring Rutger Hauer, Robert Patrick, Isabel Glasser and Dey Young.	Tactical Assault	1998
publication date	Nightmare on the 13th Floor is a 1990 made-for-TV movie which originally aired on the USA Network on Halloween 1990.	Nightmare on the 13th Floor	1990
publication date	The Starfighters is an American film released in 1964.	The Starfighters	1964
publication date	All in the Game is a 2006 British one-off television drama, made by Tightrope Pictures for Channel 4.	All in the Game	2006
publication date	Pee Mak (Thai: พี่มาก..พระโขนง; rtgs: Phi Mak Phra Khanong) is a 2013 Thai comedy horror film directed by Banjong Pisanthanaku.	Pee Mak	2013
publication date	Rabbit Hero (Chinese: 超能兔战队) is a 2015 Chinese animated science fiction comedy film directed by Fu Yan.	Rabbit Hero	2015
publication date	Bosko, the Talk-Ink Kid is a 1929 live-action/animated short film produced to sell a series of Bosko cartoons.	Bosko, the Talk-Ink Kid	1929
publication date	Cannibal Holocaust premiered on 7 February 1980 in the Italian city of Milan.	Cannibal Holocaust	7 February 1980
publication date	Troopers Three (1930) is an American Pre-Code silent comedy film, produced and distributed by Tiffany Studios.	Troopers Three	1930
publication date	Angoroj (1964; Esperanto for ``Agonies'') was the first feature film to be produced entirely in Esperanto.	Angoroj	1964
publication date	Kaithappoo is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Raghuraman.	Kaithappoo	1978
publication date	Death Weekend (released in the USA under the title The House by the Lake) is a 1976 Canadian horror/thriller film.	Death Weekend	1976
publication date	Rana's Wedding also known as Jerusalem, Another Day (Arabic, القدس في يوم أخر ) is a Palestinian film released in 2002, produced in partnership with the Netherlands and funded by the Palestinian Film Foundation.	Rana's Wedding	2002
publication date	Control Bhaji Control is expected to release on 22 August 2014.	Control Bhaji Control	22 August 2014
publication date	Omicidio per appuntamento was released in 1967, and was also distributed under the title Agent 3S3 Setzt Alles Auf Eine Karte.	Omicidio per appuntamento	1967
publication date	Tales from the Golden Age (Romanian: Amintiri din epoca de aur) is a 2009 Romanian omnibus film.	Tales from the Golden Age	2009
publication date	My Skinny Sister (Swedish: Min lilla syster) is a 2015 Swedish drama film directed by Sanna Lenken.	My Skinny Sister	2015
publication date	Raunaq is a 1944 Bollywood film directed by Dwarka Khosla and starring Chandraprabha, Noor Mohammad Charlie and Chandra Mohan, Motilal and Subarnalata Subarnalata.	Raunaq	1944
publication date	Swarabhishekam (Telugu: స్వరాభిషేకం) is a 2004 Telugu, musical drama film written and directed by K. Viswanath.	Swarabhishekam	2004
publication date	Myself Pendu is a 2015 Punjabi comedy movie directed by Surinder Rihal under the banner of Music Box Media Entertainment Co., releasing on 4 September 2015.	Myself Pendu	2015
publication date	Eskalofrío (from escalofrío, Spanish for ``Shiver'') is a 2008 horror-thriller film directed by Isidro Ortiz and produced by Guillermo Del Toro.	Eskalofrío	2008
publication date	La vida de Jose Rizal (The life of Jose Rizal), released in 1912, was the first feature film produced in the Philippines.	La vida de Jose Rizal	1912
publication date	Year of the Dogs is a 1997 documentary detailing the 1996 season of the Footscray Football Club (now Western Bulldogs).	Year of the Dogs	1997
publication date	La Lingerie (内衣少女, Noi Yee Siu Nü) is a 2008 Hong Kong film written and co-directed by Chan Hing-Kai and Janet Chun, and is a loose follow-up to Chan's 2001 debut La Brassiere.	La Lingerie	2008
publication date	Mother Didn't Tell Me is a 1950 American comedy film written and directed by Claude Binyon.	Mother Didn't Tell Me	1950
publication date	Bhaaratheeyam is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Suresh Krishnan.	Bhaaratheeyam	1997
publication date	The Death of the Incredible Hulk is a 1990 telefilm, the last of three revival telefilms from the 1978--1982 television show The Incredible Hulk.	The Death of the Incredible Hulk	1990
publication date	The Weakness of the Bolshevik is a 2003 Spanish film directed by Manuel Martín Cuenca.	The Weakness of the Bolshevik	2003
publication date	The Hungry Squid is 2002 animated short film by John Weldon, about a young girl whose homework and personal life is being disrupted by creatures, including a giant ravenous squid.	The Hungry Squid	2002
publication date	The Pointer is a 1939 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictureson July 21, 1939.	The Pointer	1939
publication date	Raakhandaar (Marathi: राखानदार) is a 2014 Fiction, Philosophy, Drama Marathi film directed & produced by Mrunalinni Patil.	Raakhandaar	2014
publication date	Rustlers of Red Dog (1935) is a Universal movie serial based on the book The Great West That Was by William ``Buffalo Bill'' Cody.	Rustlers of Red Dog	1935
publication date	Chuvapputhaalam is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Babu Radhakrishnan.	Chuvapputhaalam	1992
publication date	Dead Fury is a 2008 American animated comedy-horror parody written and directed by Frank Sudol, with Sudol also doing all animation, music, and voice characterizations.	Dead Fury	2008
publication date	Candles at Nine is a 1944 British mystery film directed by John Harlow and starring Beatrix Lehmann, Joss Ambler and Jessie Matthews.	Candles at Nine	1944
publication date	Moontrap is a 1989 science fiction film from Magic Films.	Moontrap	1989
publication date	Kodalu Diddina Kapuram (Telugu: కోడలు దిద్దిన కాపురం) is a 1970 Telugu drama film directed by D. Yoganand.	Kodalu Diddina Kapuram	1970
publication date	Help Me Eros was nominated for two 2008 Asian Film Awards in the categories of Best Cinematographer and Best Production Designer, and for the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival in 2007.	Help Me Eros	2007
publication date	Opasni put is a 1963 Croatian film directed by Mate Relja.	Opasni put	1963
publication date	Fire Maidens from Outer Space (1956), released in the USA as Fire Maidens of Outer Space, is a 78-minute black-and-white science fiction feature film.	Fire Maidens from Outer Space	1956
publication date	Robinsonada or My English Grandfather (Georgian: რობინზონიადა ანუ ჩემი ინგლისელი პაპა; translit. robinzoniada anu chemi ingliseli papa; Russian: Робинзонада, или Мой английский дедушка; translit. Robinzonada ili moy angliskiy dedushka; also known as Robinson Crusoe in Georgia) is a 1986 Georgian comedy film directed by Nana Djordjadze.	Robinsonada or My English Grandfather	1986
publication date	In April 2006, Infinity Ward released the Call of Duty 2 Radiant, which allows a player to create their own multiplayer or single-player maps.	Call of Duty 2	2006
publication date	The Bloody Fists (Chinese: 荡寇滩; pinyin: Dàng Kòu Tān), aka Deadly Buddhist Raiders or Death Beach, is a 1972 Hong Kong action movie directed by See-Yuen Ng and starring Chen Siu Sing and Kuan Tai Chen.	The Bloody Fists	1972
publication date	Circle Track Summer is a 2005 film microbudget action/comedy film about auto racing.	Circle Track Summer	2005
publication date	Empire of Lust (Hangul: 순수의 시대; RR: Sunsuui sidae; lit. ``The Age of Innocence'') is a 2015 South Korean period film starring Shin Ha-kyun, Jang Hyuk, Kang Han-na and Kang Ha-neul.	Empire of Lust	2015
publication date	Third Degree is a 1986 album by Johnny Winter and the final of the trilogy he made for Alligator Records.	Third Degree	1986
publication date	Metro Cuadrado (English: Square Meter) is a 2011 Chilean drama film directed and written by Nayra Ilic, and filmed in Santiago, Chile.	Metro Cuadrado	2011
publication date	C.I.D. Rajanna (Kannada: ಸಿ.ಐ.ಡಿ. ರಾಜಣ್ಣ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada language film produced and directed by R. Ramamurthy.	C.I.D. Rajanna	1970
publication date	Foundation's Friends, Stories in Honor of Isaac Asimov is a 1989 book written in honor of science fiction author Isaac Asimov, in the form of an anthology of short stories set in Asimov's universes, particularly the Robot/Empire/Foundation universe.	Foundation's Friends	1989
publication date	El camino de los espantos (``The Specters' Road'') is a 1967 Mexican horror comedy film.	El camino de los espantos	1967
publication date	Spooky Buddies is a 2011 Disney direct-to-DVD comedy film that is part of the Disney Buddies franchise, a series often referred to as the Air Bud and Air Buddies franchise.	Spooky Buddies	2011
publication date	Along the Roadside has been named ``the most unique film of the year'' after its Mill Valley Film Festival premiere in October 2013.	Along the Roadside	2013
publication date	Emmanuelle in Soho is a 1981 British sex film directed by David Hughes and produced by David Sullivan, and starring Angie Quick (under the name 'Mandy Miller'), Julie Lee and John M. East.	Emmanuelle in Soho	1981
publication date	Warm Spring (Chinese: 暖春; pinyin: Nuǎn Chūn) is a 2003 Chinese film produced by Shanxi Film Studio.	Warm Spring	2003
publication date	Agneekaal is a 1990 Indian Bollywood film produced by Ranjit Harma on Siddharth Pictures banner and directed by Abbas-Mustan.	Agneekaal	1990
publication date	Thankakudam is a 1965 Indian Malayalam film, directed by SS Rajan and produced by .	Thankakudam	1965
publication date	A Tale of Two Sisters (Hangul: 장화, 홍련; RR: Janghwa, Hongryeon; lit. ``Rose Flower, Red Lotus'') is a 2003 South Korean psychological horror-drama film written and directed by Kim Jee-woon.	A Tale of Two Sisters	2003
publication date	We're Here to Help is a 2007 Kafkaesque comedy film written and directed by Jonothan Cullinane and produced by South Pacific Pictures.	We're Here to Help	2007
publication date	Last Screening (French: Dernière séance) is a 2011 French horror film by Laurent Achard.	Last Screening	2011
publication date	Captain Prabhakaran is a 1991 Tamil action film directed by R. K. Selvamani.	Captain Prabhakaran	1991
publication date	Iron Invader (also known as Iron Golem and Metal Shifters) is a 2011 science fiction television film directed by Paul Ziller.	Iron Invader	2011
publication date	An Inconvenient Penguin is a short film, released online in Amazon's UnBox store on August 11, 2008.	An Inconvenient Penguin	2008
publication date	Bangali Babu was a 2002 Bengali film directed by Indian film director Anjan Chowdhury.	Bangali Babu	2002
publication date	Red Hot Mamma is a 1934 Fleischer Studios Betty Boop animated short, directed by Dave Fleischer.	Red Hot Mamma	1934
publication date	Seven Thieves is a 1960 20th Century Fox film noir crime drama motion picture shot in CinemaScope.	Seven Thieves	1960
publication date	My Dearest Son (Italian: Figlio mio infinitamente caro) is a 1985 Italian drama film.	My Dearest Son	1985
publication date	Rapture-Palooza (also known as Ecstasy) is a 2013 American fantasy-comedy film written by Chris Matheson and directed by Paul Middleditch.	Rapture-Palooza	2013
publication date	While I Run This Race is a 1967 American short documentary film directed by Edmond Levy about poverty in the United States.	While I Run This Race	1967
publication date	Scrap Heaven (スクラップ・ヘブン (Sukurappu Hebun)) is a 2005 film, directed by Sang-il Lee.	Scrap Heaven	2005
publication date	``She'll Take Romance'' (alternate title: ``I'll Take Romance'') is a 1990 television movie aired on ABC.	She'll Take Romance	1990
publication date	The Pleasure Drivers is an American thriller, produced in 2005 and initially released in 2006.	The Pleasure Drivers	2006
publication date	Noctambulous is a 2011 American horror film starring, written, and directed by Kelvin C. Bias.	Noctambulous	2011
publication date	Satrangee Parachute is a Hindi-language film released 25 February 2011.	Satrangee Parachute	2011
publication date	Prema Ishq Kaadhal is a 2013 Telugu romantic-comedy film directed by Pavan Sadineni.	Prema Ishq Kaadhal	2013
publication date	The Virgin Queen of St. Francis High is a Canadian 1987 high school comedy film about a teen Casanova who bets his high school rival and his friends, that he can score with the school beauty queen.	The Virgin Queen of St. Francis High	1987
publication date	The Merry Monahans is a 1944, American, black-and-white film starring Donald O'Connor, Peggy Ryan, and Jack Oakie.	The Merry Monahans	1944
publication date	The Boathouse Detectives is a 2010 family film written and directed by Eric Hendershot, and stars Ella Harris, Oscar Hoggan, Mason Johnson, McKenzie Richards, Cameron Phelts, Stacee Rickoff, and Darren Ewing.	The Boathouse Detectives	2010
publication date	Restitution inattendue is an 1902 French comedy film of unknown director.	Restitution inattendue	1902
publication date	Vojtech, Called the Orphan (Czech: Vojtěch, řečený sirotek) is a 1990 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Zdeněk Tyc.	Vojtech, Called the Orphan	1990
publication date	The Red Kebaya is a 2006 Malaysian period drama film released by Golden Screen Cinemas, directed by Oliver Knott and produced by Andre Berly and Ramli Hassan.	The Red Kebaya	2006
publication date	Like Twenty Impossibles (Ka'inana Ashrun Mustaheel) is an independent short film written and directed by Annemarie Jacir in 2003.	Like Twenty Impossibles	2003
publication date	Rakthabandham is a 1951 Indian Malayalam film, directed by MR Vittal and produced by NK Karunakaran Pillai.	Rakthabandham	1951
publication date	Hydrofool is an isometric 3D arcade adventure game released by FTL in 1987 for the Sinclair Spectrum and Amstrad CPC.	Hydrofool	1987
publication date	Venga a bailar el rock is a 1957 Argentine musical film.	Venga a bailar el rock	1957
publication date	House IV is a 1992 direct-to-video comedy horror film.	House IV	1992
publication date	Secret Agent of Japan (1942) is the first American anti-Japanese war film produced by a major studio after the attack on Pearl Harbor.	Secret Agent of Japan	1942
publication date	Theodora Goes Wild is a 1936 American romantic comedy film that tells the story of the residents in a small town who are incensed by a risqué novel, unaware that the book was written under a pseudonym by a member of the town's leading family.	Theodora Goes Wild	1936
publication date	The Woman Eater (AKA Womaneater on its original UK release), is a low budget 1958 black and white British horror film.	The Woman Eater	1958
publication date	Disney's Fluppy Dogs is a one-hour animated television special which aired on November 27 (Thanksgiving), 1986 on ABC, and was intended to be a pilot for the third Walt Disney Television animated series.	Fluppy Dogs	1986
publication date	Una palabra tuya (English: One Word from You) is a Spanish 2008 movie based on the novel of the same name by Elvira Lindo.	One Word from You	2008
publication date	Kaaryasthan (Malayalam: കാര്യസ്ഥൻ; English: The Caretaker) is a 2010 Malayalam comedy film written by the duo Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas and directed by debutant Thomson K. Thomas.	Kaaryasthan	2010
publication date	Melodrama Habibi (Arabic:ميلودراما حبيبي, French: Une chanson dans la tête), the first feature film by Lebanese director Hany Tamba, is a 2008 Lebanese film.	Melodrama Habibi	2008
publication date	O Homem do Sputnik is a Brazilian comedy film from 1959 about a man (played by Oscarito) who tries to sell a UFO that lands on his house.	O Homem do Sputnik	1959
publication date	Bombs Over Burma (AKA The Devil's Sister), based on a story by Milton Raison, is a 1943 American war film.	Bombs Over Burma	1943
publication date	Sharktopus vs. Whalewolf is a television movie that premiered on July 19, 2015 on Syfy.	Sharktopus vs. Whalewolf	2015
publication date	The Aviation Cocktail is a 2012 independent American drama film about the entangled lives of three World War II veterans living in the Midwestern United States in the 1950s.	The Aviation Cocktail	2012
publication date	Ade Kannu (Kannada: ಅದೇ ಕಣ್ಣು) is a 1985 Indian Kannada-language film directed by Chi.	Ade Kannu	1985
publication date	Shivalinga Sakshi (Kannada: ಶಿವಲಿಂಗ ಸಾಕ್ಷಿ) is a 1960 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by D Shankar Singh.	Shivalinga Sakshi	1960
publication date	Guns of the Magnificent Seven (1969) (also known as The Magnificent Seven 3) is a Zapata Western and the second sequel to the 1960 western film, The Magnificent Seven (itself based on Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai).	Guns of the Magnificent Seven	1969
publication date	Tales of Old Japan (1871) is an anthology of short stories compiled by Algernon Bertram Freeman-Mitford, Lord Redesdale, writing under the better known name of A.B. Mitford.	Tales of Old Japan	1871
publication date	In Search of the Fourth Chord is the twenty-eighth studio album by English rock band Status Quo, released on 17 September 2007.	In Search of the Fourth Chord	17 September 2007
publication date	Putevoy obkhodchik (Russian: Путевой обходчик, meaning Trackman) is a 2007 Russian film directed by Igor Shavlak.	Putevoy obkhodchik	2007
publication date	Kanteerava is a 2011 Kannada-language film directed by Tushara Ranganath and produced by the veteran producer Ramu.	Kanteerava	2011
publication date	Song of the Flame is a 1930 Pre-Code musical operetta film photographed entirely in Technicolor.	Song of the Flame	1930
publication date	God on My Side is a documentary directed and produced by Australian agnostic Andrew Denton which follows his trip to the 2006 National Religious Broadcasters Convention in Texas.	God on My Side	2006
publication date	Zombiez is a 2005 American horror film written and directed by John Bacchus (as ZWS).	Zombiez	2005
publication date	Deathrow Gameshow is a 1987 black comedy film in which condemned prisoners are given opportunities to be granted reprieves for their sentences by participating in a television game show.	Deathrow Gameshow	1987
publication date	Gaman (Hindi: गमन, English:Departure) is a Bollywood film released in 1978.	Gaman	1978
publication date	Dress Parade is a 1927 silent romance drama produced by William Sistrom and Cecil B. DeMille and distributed by Pathe.	Dress Parade	1927
publication date	The Engagement Ring (Azerbaijani: Bəxt üzüyü) is a full-length Azerbaijani comedy film released in 1991.	The Engagement Ring	1991
publication date	The Deadly Affair is a 1966 British espionage--thriller film, based on John le Carré's first novel Call for the Dead.	The Deadly Affair	1966
publication date	Sinful Davey is a 1969 adventure/ crime/ comedy film.	Sinful Davey	1969
publication date	Jailhouse Blues (1929) is a motion picture released by Columbia Pictures.	Jailhouse Blues	1929
publication date	Dizzy Dishes is an animated cartoon created by Fleischer Studios in 1930, as part of the Talkartoon series.	Dizzy Dishes	1930
publication date	Battleloot Adventure is a fantasy-themed tactical role-playing single-player video game for iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices, published in March 2012 by the Italian developer Digital Tales.	Battleloot Adventure	March 2012
publication date	Broadway Melody of 1936 is a musical film released by MGM in 1935.	Broadway Melody of 1936	1935
publication date	It was adapted into a five-part OVA series in 2001; a thirteen-episode animated TV series in 2002; a sequel TV series, called Happy Lesson Advance, in 2003; and a second OVA series, Happy Lesson:	Happy Lesson	2001	2003
publication date	A Toast to Those Who Are Gone is a 1986 compilation album of recordings that Phil Ochs made in the early to mid-1960s, mostly between his contracts with Elektra Records and A&M Records.	A Toast to Those Who Are Gone	1986
publication date	Guerreros (lit. Warriors) is a 2002 Spanish film about a group of Spanish soldiers and their French allies stationed in the border between Kosovo and Serbia during the KFOR humanitarian deployment of 2001.	Guerreros	2002
publication date	Largo Winch II (released internationally as The Burma Conspiracy) is a 2011 French film based on the Belgian comic book Largo Winch.	Largo Winch II	2011
publication date	Miss 139 is a 1921 silent film crime drama produced by A. H. Fischer, Inc. and distributed by Jans Film Service and Sherman Productions Corporation.	Miss 139	1921
publication date	The Triangle of Death, directed by Folleh Shar Francis Tamba, is a 2009 documentary about the Iraq War.	The Triangle of Death	2009
publication date	Ami, Yasin Ar Amar Madhubala (English: The Voyeurs) is a 2007 Indian Bengali film directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta.	Ami, Yasin Ar Amar Madhubala	2007
publication date	Story of Drunken Master (Chinese: 醉俠蘇乞兒) aka Zui xia Su Qi Er / Drunken Fist Boxing is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film.	Story of Drunken Master	1979
publication date	She's Too Young is an American made-for-TV movie released in 2004, starring Marcia Gay Harden as the mother of a 14-year-old daughter who is involved in sexual acts hidden from her parents.	She's Too Young	2004
publication date	Gunasagari (Kannada: ಗುಣಸಾಗರಿ) is a 1953 Indian Kannada film directed by H.L.N. Simha.	Gunasagari	1953
publication date	Invasion of the Saucer Men (aka Invasion of the Hell Creatures, with the working title Spacemen Saturday Night), is a 1957 science fiction/horror/comedy film, personally produced by James H. Nicholson for release by his American International Pictures.	Invasion of the Saucer Men	1957
publication date	The Attorney (Hangul: 변호인; RR: Byeonhoin) is a 2013 South Korean courtroom drama film directed and co-written by Yang Woo-suk, in his directorial debut (Yang was previously a film producer and webtoon author).	The Attorney	2013
publication date	The Fall of Fujimori is a 2005 documentary film about Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori, who fled the country for Japan in 2000 to avoid facing 21 charges of corruption, murder and human rights abuses.	The Fall of Fujimori	2005
publication date	America Screams is a 1990 documentary film about the history of amusement parks and roller coasters, released by Rhino in 1990.	America Screams	1990
publication date	Nanobba Kalla (Kannada: ನಾನೊಬ್ಬ ಕಳ್ಳ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film directed by Dorai-Bhagawan and produced by Rashi Brothers.	Nanobba Kalla	1979
publication date	Visions of Ecstasy is a 1989 British short film that became the only work to be refused a certification by the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) on the grounds of blasphemy.	Visions of Ecstasy	1989
publication date	Young and Dangerous 5 (simplified Chinese: 98古惑仔之龙争虎斗; traditional Chinese: 98古惑仔之龍爭虎鬥) is a 1998 Hong Kong triad film.	Young and Dangerous 5	1998
publication date	The Intel 4004 is a 4-bit central processing unit (CPU) released by Intel Corporation in 1971.	Intel 4004	1971
publication date	The Fall of Otrar (Kazakh: Гибел Отрара, Gibel Otrara) is a 1991 Kazakhstani drama film directed by Ardak Amirkulov.	The Fall of Otrar	1991
publication date	The Party Processions Act (13 & 14 Vict c2) was an 1850 Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom which prohibited open marching, organised parades and sectarian meetings in Ireland in order to outlaw provocative movements in the wake of the Dolly's Brae fighting of 1849.	Party Processions Act	1850
publication date	Burn 'Em Up Barnes is a 1934 American movie serial distributed by Mascot Pictures.	Burn 'Em Up Barnes	1934
publication date	His Last Gift (Hangul: 마지막 선물; RR: Majimak Seonmul; also known as Last Present) is a 2008 South Korean film.	His Last Gift	2008
publication date	The Devil and Daniel Johnston is a 2005 documentary film about the noted American musician Daniel Johnston.	The Devil and Daniel Johnston	2005
publication date	Dhanam (Malayalam: ധനം) is a Malayalam suspense thriller film released in 1991.	Dhanam	1991
publication date	Legend of Sudsakorn (Thai: สุดสาคร) is a 2006 Thai fantasy film.	Legend of Sudsakorn	2006
publication date	Color Lines (aka Lines) is a computer puzzle game, invented by Oleg Demin and first introduced as a video game by the Russian company Gamos (Russian: Геймос) in 1992.	Color Lines	1992
publication date	Sword in the Moon (Hangul: 청풍명월; hanja: 淸風明月; RR: Cheongpung myeongwol) is a 2003 South Korean action-adventure film.	Sword in the Moon	2003
publication date	Judy's Little No-No (also released as Let's Do It) is a 1969 crime film about an go-go dancer who is targeted by gangsters after coming into possession of a priceless jewel.	Judy's Little No-No	1969
publication date	Um Show de Verão (English: A Summer Show) is a 2004 Brazilian comedy film directed by pt:	Um Show de Verão	2004
publication date	Zindagi 50-50 is a 2013 Bollywood film which is directed by Rajiv S Ruia.	Zindagi 50-50	2013
publication date	Kazhakam is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film directed by MP Sukumaran Nair and starring Nedumudi Venu and Urvashi in the lead roles.	Kazhakam	1996
publication date	The Good Witch's Destiny is a 2013 Canadian family film and Hallmark Channel original movie written by Annie Frisbie and directed by Craig Pryce.	The Good Witch's Destiny	2013
publication date	The End of the Tour is a 2015 American drama film about writer David Foster Wallace.	The End of the Tour	2015
publication date	Swamp Gas Visits the United States of America is a computer game developed by Inline Design in 1990 for the Macintosh.	Swamp Gas Visits the United States of America	1990
publication date	To exypno pouli (Greek: Το έξυπνο πουλί, ``the clever bird'') is a 1961 Greek film.	To exypno pouli	1961
publication date	Cupid Angling (1918) is a silent film, only feature film photographed in Douglass Natural Color process.	Cupid Angling	1918
publication date	The Fallbrook Story (1952) is a short subject film that told the story of a water rights battle between the citizens of the Fallbrook, California area and the federal government.	The Fallbrook Story	1952
publication date	Dünyayı Kurtaran Adam (The Man Who Saved the World) is a 1982 Turkish adventure film also known as Turkish Star Wars because of its notorious use of unauthorized footage from Star Wars and other movies worked into the film.	Dünyayı Kurtaran Adam	1982
publication date	L'Odissea was an Italian TV miniseries broadcast on RAI (Italian state TV) in 1968 and based on Homer's Odyssey.	L'Odissea	1968
publication date	Death Tank is a 1996 2D multiplayer versus shooter developed by Ezra Dreisbach of Lobotomy Software.	Death Tank	1996
publication date	You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger is a 2010 English-language Spanish--	You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger	2010
publication date	Lion Around is a 1950 Donald Duck cartoon featuring Donald Duck, his nephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie,and Louie the Mountain Lion.	Lion Around	1950
publication date	Mazdoor (English: Worker) is a 1983 Hindi film.	Mazdoor	1983
publication date	The Time of Their Lives is a 1946 American film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.	The Time of Their Lives	1946
publication date	Scarfies (or Crime 101 in the US release) is a low-budget 1999 New Zealand film set in the southern university city of Dunedin.	Scarfies	1999
publication date	The Cyclopedia of New Zealand: industrial, descriptive, historical, biographical facts, figures, illustrations was an encyclopaedia published in New Zealand between 1897 and 1908 by the Cyclopedia Company Ltd of Christchurch.	The Cyclopedia of New Zealand	1897
publication date	Happy Face Murders is a 1999 made-for-TV movie based on a real story.	Happy Face Murders	1999
publication date	Desperacja is a Polish historical film, released in 1988.	Desperacja	1988
publication date	Fog Warning is a 2008 independent physiological thriller horror film written and directed by Christopher Ward in New Haven, Connecticut.	Fog Warning	2008
publication date	Life at the Zoo is a 1946 Soviet short documentary film.	Life at the Zoo	1946
publication date	Runaway Railway is a 1965 British family adventure film directed by Jan Darnley-Smith and starring John Moulder-Brown, Kevin Bennett, Ronnie Barker and Graham Stark.	Runaway Railway	1965
publication date	The Teddy Bear Master is a 2006 American film produced by a group of High School students which depicts a teacher being harassed by teddy bears during class, then later being killed by them, after he humiliates a student.	The Teddy Bear Master	2006
publication date	Dream Riders is a 2008 American documentary film that shows a father's attempt to mend a broken relationship with his son.	Dream Riders	2008
publication date	Knight Orc is a standard text adventure with limited graphics on some platforms game by Level 9 released in 1987.	Knight Orc	1987
publication date	Empire of Ash (also known as Empire of Ash II) is a post-apocalyptic science fiction movie from 1988.	Empire of Ash	1988
publication date	Feriado (English: Holiday) is a 2014 Ecuadorian coming-of-age drama, written and directed by Diego Araujo.	Feriado	2014
publication date	Chakrapani is a Telugu film produced by Bharani Pictures in 1954.	Chakrapani	1954
publication date	Where Are My Children? is a 1916 film in which a district attorney, while prosecuting a doctor for illegal abortions, finds out that society people, including his wife, used the doctor's services.	Where Are My Children?	1916
publication date	The Safety of Objects is a 2001 American drama film based upon a collection of short stories of the same name written by A. M. Homes and published in 1990.	The Safety of Objects	2001
publication date	Kazakh Soviet Encyclopedia was printed in 12 volumes in Almaty from 1972 to 1978.	Kazakh Soviet Encyclopedia	1978
publication date	Namumkin is a Bollywood mystery film released in 1988, telling the story of an Asian family exiled from Idi Amin's Uganda.	Namumkin	1988
publication date	The Sheriff is a 1918 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.	The Sheriff	1918
publication date	The Marriage Maker is a lost 1923 American silent fantasy film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.	The Marriage Maker	1923
publication date	Naane Bhagyavati (Kannada: ನಾನೇ ಭಾಗ್ಯವತಿ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film, directed by T V Singh Thakur and produced by M Sampath.	Naane Bhagyavati	1968
publication date	Friends and Romans is a 2014 American independent comedy film written and directed by Christopher Kublan and starring Michael Rispoli, Annabella Sciorra, Paul Ben-Victor and Tony Sirico.	Friends and Romans	2014
publication date	O Filme dos Espíritos is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Michel Dubret and André Marouço, based on the book The Spirits Book by Allan Kardec.	O Filme dos Espíritos	2011
publication date	Poor Cinderella is a 1934 Fleischer Studio animated short film featuring Betty Boop.	Poor Cinderella	1934
publication date	The Stealth is a 2008 3D animation short film produced by WaterMelon Studios.	The Stealth	2008
publication date	The documentary aired in the UK in March 2005 under the title Search for the Northwest Passage, and in February 2006 in the U. S. under a two-part title, Arctic Passage:	Arctic Passage	2005
publication date	The Promising Boy (Serbo-Croatian: Dečko koji obećava) is a 1981 Yugoslav youth genre film.	The Promising Boy	1981
publication date	The Hillz is a 2004 film written and directed by Saran Barnun and starring Rene Heger, Jesse Woodrow, and Paris Hilton.	The Hillz	2004
publication date	Save Virgil is a short independent film by Brad Ableson that mixes live action with animation, released on March 3, 2004.	Save Virgil	2004
publication date	The Birthday Dragon is a 1992 American television animated film.	The Birthday Dragon	1992
publication date	Hammerfist is a side-scrolling beat 'em up video game developed by Vivid Image and released in 1990 for the Commodore Amiga, Atari ST, Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum.	Hammerfist	1990
publication date	Forgetting June is a 2013 Nigerian romantic drama film directed by Ikechukwu Onyeka, starring Majid Michel, Beverly Naya, and Mbong Amata.	Forgetting June	2013
publication date	The Aqua Diary is a 1998 music documentary film starring the members of the Danish dance music group Aqua.	The Aqua Diary	1998
publication date	Justice Viswanathan is a 1971 Indian Tamil language Drama film directed by G. R. Nathan starring Ravichandran, Major Sundarrajan.The movie is a remake of 1969 Hindi movie Do Bhai(1969) starring Ashok Kumar and Jeetendra.	Justice Viswanathan	1971
publication date	Samyuktha (Kannada: ಸಂಯುಕ್ತ) is a 1988 Indian Kannada romance film directed by K. N. Chandrashekar Sharma.	Samyuktha	1988
publication date	The Exploits of Elaine is a 1914 American film serial in the damsel in distress genre of The Perils of Pauline (1914).	The Exploits of Elaine	1914
publication date	Hungry for Monsters is a 2003 documentary by George Paul Csicsery (b, 1948) about false memory, focussing on Nicole Althaus' disproved allegations of sexual abuse against her father, made when she was 15 years old.	Hungry for Monsters	2003
publication date	You'll Get Over It (French: À cause d'un garçon) is a gay-themed coming of age film released in 2002.	You'll Get Over It	2002
publication date	Boogeyman 3 is a 2008 American horror and the third installment of the Boogeyman film series, released in 2009, following Boogeyman and Boogeyman 2.	Boogeyman 3	2009
publication date	Anthiveyilile Ponnu (English: The Gold in the Dusk) is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Radhakrishnan (RK) and produced by Panchami Enterprises.	Anthiveyilile Ponnu	1982
publication date	Ladies Courageous (also called Fury in the Sky in a 1950 Realart re-release) is a 1944 aviation film based on the novel Looking For Trouble (1941) by Virginia Spencer Cowles.	Ladies Courageous	1944
publication date	Mavana Magalu (Kannada: ಮಾವನ ಮಗಳು) is a 1965 Indian Kannada film, directed by S K A Chari and produced by A V Subba Rao.	Mavana Magalu	1965
publication date	No me defiendas compadre (``Don't defend me, friend'') is a 1949 Mexican film.	No me defiendas compadre	1949
publication date	The Master Mystery is a 1919 American mystery silent serial film told in 15 installments.	The Master Mystery	1919
publication date	Relative Merits is a 1987 mini series about three months in the life of a radio journalist.	Relative Merits	1987
publication date	Ocean's Twelve is a 2004 American comedy heist film, the first sequel to 2001's Ocean's Eleven.	Ocean's Twelve	2004
publication date	Rob Roy, the Highland Rogue is a 1953 British-American action film, made by Walt Disney Productions.	Rob Roy, the Highland Rogue	1953
publication date	The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros (Filipino: Ang Pagdadalaga ni Maximo Oliveros) is a 2005 Filipino coming-of-age film about a gay teen who is torn between his love for a young cop and his loyalty to his family.	The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros	2005
publication date	Bugsy and Mugsy is a 1957 American animated short film written by Warren Foster and directed by Friz Freleng in the Looney Tunes series produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, Inc. The film's plot features Bugs Bunny with Rocky and Mugsy.	Bugsy and Mugsy	1957
publication date	Brian Lara 2007 Pressure Play (BLPP) is a PlayStation Portable game that was released on 31 August 2007.	Brian Lara 2007 Pressure Play	31 August 2007
publication date	Swarag Se Sunder (English: Beautiful than Heaven) is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film produced by A. Krishna Murthy on Tinu International Films banner, directed by K. Bapaiah.	Swarag Se Sunder	1986
publication date	Those Awful Hats is a 1909 American short comedy film directed by D.W. Griffith.	Those Awful Hats	1909
publication date	The Fiend Who Walked the West is a 1958 Western based on the 1947 film noir Kiss of Death.	The Fiend Who Walked the West	1958
publication date	Paalai is a 2011 period film written and directed by Senthamizhan, who had previously assisted director Ram in Katradhu Thamizh.	Paalai	2011
publication date	The Fall of the Essex Boys is a 2013 British gangster thriller film based on the true story of the Rettendon murders in 1995.	The Fall of the Essex Boys	2013
publication date	A Crush on You is a 2011 Hallmark Channel original movie that tells the story of Charley Anderson, a single mother, and Ben Martin, a man who began an e-mail relationship with her, thinking she was another woman.	A Crush on You	2011
publication date	John Elway's Quarterback, also known as John Elway's Quarterback Challenge and John Elway's Team Quarterback, is a 1987 football video game.	John Elway's Quarterback	1987
publication date	Kundakka Mandakka is an Indian Tamil comedy film released in 2005, produced by SG Films.	Kundakka Mandakka	2005
publication date	Alibhabha is a 2008 Tamil film produced by Pattiyal Sekhar, Krishna Sekhar's father and directed by Neelan.K.Sekar.	Alibhabha	2008
publication date	L'homme voilé (also known as The Veiled Man) is a 1987 Lebanese-French drama film written and directed by Maroun Bagdadi.	L'homme voilé	1987
publication date	Plague Town is a 2008 American horror film directed by David Gregory and written by David Gregory and John Cregan.	Plague Town	2008
publication date	Kristina från Vilhelmina is a song written by Rune Wallebom, and originally recorded by Sven-Ingvars and released as a single in March 1966.	Kristina från Vilhelmina	March 1966
publication date	On 1 January 1972 Music for Pleasure released an abridged LP record of the soundtrack of Dougal and the Blue Cat in Stereo (MFP50017)- (the original mono soundtrack was electronically enhanced for stereo effect) credits:	Dougal and the Blue Cat	1972
publication date	Porky in Egypt is a 1938 cartoon in the Looney Tunes series that stars Porky Pig.	Porky in Egypt	1938
publication date	Lace Crater is a 2015 American comedy film written and directed by Harrison Atkins, the film marks his first feature full-length film.	Lace Crater	2015
publication date	Kolya (Czech: Kolja) is a 1996 Czech drama film about a man whose life is reshaped in an unexpected way.	Kolya	1996
publication date	Aashachakram is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Dr Seetharamaswamy .	Aashachakram	1973
publication date	Hired Guns is a role-playing video game produced by DMA Design (distributed by Psygnosis) for the Amiga and the PC in 1993.	Hired Guns	1993
publication date	Aag Se Khelenge (English: Playing with Fire) is a 1989 Indian Bollywood Action film produced by Pravesh Sippy on N.N. Sippy Productions banner and directed by Bhaskar Shetty.	Aag Se Khelenge	1989
publication date	The Very Best of Diana Krall is the tenth album by Canadian jazz pianist and vocalist Diana Krall, released in 2007 through Verve Records.	The Very Best of Diana Krall	2007
publisher	The Yale Journal of Criticism was an academic journal published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which covered all humanities disciplines.	Yale Journal of Criticism	Johns Hopkins University Press
publisher	Tornado Outbreak (formerly known as Zephyr: Rise of the Elementals) is an action video game published by Konami and developed by Loose Cannon Studios for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii.	Tornado Outbreak	Konami
publisher	Rolo to the Rescue is a video game produced by Electronic Arts for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis, released in 1992.	Rolo to the Rescue	Electronic Arts
publisher	Talisman of Death is a single-player role-playing gamebook written by Jamie Thomson and Mark Smith, illustrated by Bob Harvey and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books.	Talisman of Death	Puffin Books
publisher	Dear Life is a short story collection by Canadian writer Alice Munro, published in 2012 by McClelland and Stewart.	Dear Life	McClelland and Stewart
publisher	In Cold Blood was first published in book form by Random House in January 1966.	In Cold Blood	Random House
publisher	DNA and Cell Biology is a scientific journal published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., and covers topics related to DNA and cell biology, such as:	DNA and Cell Biology	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
publisher	Optics Express is a peer-reviewed, scientific journal published by the The Optical Society.	Optics Express	Optical Society
publisher	The UCLA Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: UCLA L. Rev.) is a bimonthly law review established in 1953 and published by students of the UCLA School of Law, where it also sponsors an annual symposium.	UCLA Law Review	UCLA School of Law
publisher	Car Tycoon is a business simulation game that was released on January 5, 2003 by Fishtank Interactive.	Car Tycoon	Fishtank Interactive
record label	Legacy of Blood is the fourth album from hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks, released in August 2004 on Babygrande Records.	Legacy of Blood	Babygrande Records
record label	Secret Passion is the seventh studio album by French singer Amanda Lear, released by Carrere Records in 1986.	Secret Passion	Carrere Records
record label	Keep Your Head Down is the fifth Korean studio album (ninth overall) by South Korean pop duo TVXQ, released on January 5, 2011 by S.M. Entertainment.	Keep Your Head Down	S.M. Entertainment
record label	Soon after his return to the United States, Campbell went to Al Coury's office at Capitol Records, where he was approached about ``a great new song'' -- ``Rhinestone Cowboy.''	Rhinestone Cowboy	Capitol Records
record label	``Tell Me Why (The Riddle)'' (Vandit Mix) - 7:49 ``Tell Me Why (The Riddle)'' (Club Mix) - 4:52 ``Tell Me Why (The Riddle)'' (Original Mix) - 6:51	Tell Me Why (The Riddle)	Vandit
record label	A Flash Flood of Colour is the third studio album by English rock band Enter Shikari, and was produced by Dan Weller.	A Flash Flood of Colour	Enter Shikari
record label	Vulgar Display of Power is the sixth studio album by the American heavy metal band Pantera, released on February 25, 1992 through Atco Records.	Vulgar Display of Power	Atco Records
record label	The German record label, Defiance Records, released a double LP set with both Split the Country, Split the Street and Kevin's previous album, Make the Clocks Move.	Split the Country, Split the Street	Defiance Records
record label	Sonny Rollins, Vol. 2 is a jazz album by Sonny Rollins, released in 1957 on Blue Note Records, catalogue 1558.	Sonny Rollins, Vol. 2	Blue Note Records
record label	Posthaste is the second studio album by the band OHMphrey, released on April 10, 2012 through Magna Carta Records.	Posthaste	Magna Carta Records
series	``Expo 2068'' is the 25th episode of the Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons It was first broadcast in the UK on 26 March 1968 on ATV Midlands, was written by Shane Rimmer and directed by Leo Eaton.	Expo 2068	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons
series	The Singer of All Songs is the first novel in the Chanters of Tremaris trilogy by Kate Constable.	The Singer of All Songs	Kate Constable
series	The Citroën C4 is a compact car (C-segment in Europe) produced by French automaker Citroën since autumn 2004.	Citroën C4	compact car
series	``The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons'' is the seventh episode of The Simpsons' ninth season, that originally aired on November 16, 1997.	The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons	The Simpsons
series	Atlantis Mystery (l'Énigme de l'Atlantide) by the Belgian artist Edgar P. Jacobs was the seventh comic book in the Blake and Mortimer series, first published in Tintin magazine from March 30, 1955 to May 30, 1956.	Atlantis Mystery	Blake and Mortimer
series	``These Are the Voyages...'' is the series finale of the UPN American science fiction television show Star Trek: Enterprise.	These Are the Voyages...	Star Trek: Enterprise
series	WRC 3 is a racing video game developed by Evolution Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment in 2003 as a part of the World Rally Championship series.	WRC 3	World Rally Championship
series	``E. Peterbus Unum'' is the 18th episode from the second season of the FOX animated series Family Guy.	E. Peterbus Unum	Family Guy
series	The Peace Keepers, known in Japan as Rushing Beat Syura (ラッシング・ビート修羅 Rasshingu Bīto Shura) is a beat 'em up video game released for the Super Nintendo in 1993.	The Peace Keepers	Rushing Beat
series	Kiss the Girls is a psychological thriller novel by American writer James Patterson, the second to star his recurring main character Alex Cross, an African-American psychologist and policeman.	Kiss the Girls	Alex Cross
series	The Cleopatra Curse is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts which is the seventh and final novel in The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the sequel to The Colossus Crisis.	The Cleopatra Curse	The Seven Fabulous Wonders
series	La Peau de chagrin belongs to the Études philosophiques group of Balzac's sequence of novels, La Comédie humaine.	La Peau de chagrin	La Comédie humaine
series	Mascot Madness! is the third book of the Schooling Around series by Andy Griffiths.	Mascot Madness!	Andy Griffiths
series	``The Bishop Revival'' is the 14th episode of the second season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe.	The Bishop Revival	Fringe
series	``The Ziff Who Came to Dinner'' is the fourteenth episode of The Simpsons' fifteenth season, the third of five episodes written by Simpsons voice actor Dan Castellaneta and his wife, Deb Lacusta and was rated PG in the United States & Ireland, and 12 in the United Kingdom.	The Ziff Who Came to Dinner	The Simpsons
series	``The New Rachel'' is the premiere episode of the fourth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the sixty-seventh episode overall.	The New Rachel	Glee
series	Virtual Light is the first book in William Gibson's Bridge trilogy.	Virtual Light	Bridge trilogy
series	Getting the Bird is the fourth episode of the fifth series of the British television situation comedy Dad's Army and was originally transmitted on 27 October 1972.	Getting the Bird	Dad's Army
series	Back in the Red is a three-part episode of science fiction sit-com Red Dwarf Series VIII. Part I was first broadcast on the British television channel BBC2 on 18 February 1999 while Parts II and III were broadcast on 25 February and 4 March respectively.	Back in the Red	Red Dwarf
series	Isle of View is the thirteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.	Isle of View	Xanth
series	``The Ten Commandments Killer'' is the eighth episode of the fifth season of the anthology television series American Horror Story.	The Ten Commandments Killer	American Horror Story
series	``The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show'' is the fourteenth episode of the eighth season of the animated television sitcom The Simpsons, which originally aired on the Fox network on February 9, 1997.	The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show	The Simpsons
series	Uath, Old Irish Úath, hÚath (IPA: (wəθ)), is the sixth letter of the Ogham alphabet, ᚆ, transcribed ⟨ʜ⟩ in manuscript tradition, but unattested in actual inscriptions.	Uath	Ogham
series	``Law & Disorder'' is the 15th episode of the third season of the American police drama television series Homicide: Life on the Street.	Law & Disorder	Homicide: Life on the Street
series	Hiawatha's Rabbit Hunt is a Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series, starring Bugs Bunny and Hiawatha, first released on June 7, 1941.	Hiawatha's Rabbit Hunt	Merrie Melodies
series	``Tooth and Consequences'' is the third and final segment of the sixteenth episode from the first season (1985--86) of the television series The Twilight Zone.	Tooth and Consequences	The Twilight Zone
series	Books Do Furnish a Room is a novel by Anthony Powell, the tenth in the sequence of twelve comprising his masterpiece, A Dance to the Music of Time.	Books Do Furnish a Room	A Dance to the Music of Time
series	``Fatal Extraction'' is the twelfth Christmas special episode of the BBC sitcom, Only Fools and Horses, first broadcast on 25 December 1993.	Fatal Extraction	Only Fools and Horses
series	The Sable Quean is the 21st novel in the Redwall series by Brian Jacques, and the last to be published before his death on February 5, 2011 (a twenty-second novel, The Rogue Crew, was released in May 2011).	The Sable Quean	Redwall
series	``Wild Barts Can't Be Broken'' is the eleventh episode of The Simpsons' tenth season, which was originally broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on January 17, 1999.	Wild Barts Can't Be Broken	The Simpsons
series	``Five-Twenty-Ten'' is the seventh episode of the fifth season of the American Fox science-fiction/drama television series Fringe, and the show's 94th episode overall.	Five-Twenty-Ten	Fringe
series	A Princess of Mars is a science fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the first of his Barsoom series.	A Princess of Mars	Barsoom
series	``Voyager's Return'' is the sixth episode of the first series of Space: 1999, with a screenplay written by Johnny Byrne from an idea by Joe Gannon, and was first screened on 9 October 1975 in the UK, and 21 November 1975 in the United States.	Voyager's Return	Space: 1999
series	``Eagles & Angels'' is the 61st episode of the American television series Prison Break and was broadcast on September 15, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network.	Eagles & Angels	Prison Break
series	``Belle Femme'' is the ninth episode of the first season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire, which originally aired on November 14, 2010.	Belle Femme	Boardwalk Empire
series	Street Magic is the second book in the quartet The Circle Opens by fantasy author Tamora Pierce.	Street Magic	The Circle Opens
series	Devices and Desires is a 1989 detective novel in the Adam Dalgliesh series by P. D. James.	Devices and Desires	Adam Dalgliesh
series	``Everybody's Favorite Bagman'' is the sixth episode of the police procedural and legal drama Law & Order.	Everybody's Favorite Bagman	Law & Order
series	``Saving Private Brian'' is the fourth episode of season five of Family Guy, an episode produced for Season 5.	Saving Private Brian	Family Guy
series	``Rm w/a Vu'' (Room with a View) is episode 5 of season 1 in the television show Angel.	Rm w/a Vu	Angel
series	``Valar Dohaeris'' is the third season premiere of the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 21st episode of the series.	Valar Dohaeris	Game of Thrones
series	The Matarese Countdown is an espionage thriller novel by Robert Ludlum.	The Matarese Countdown	Robert Ludlum
series	``There's No Place Like Plrtz Glrb'' is episode 22 of season two of the television show Angel, originally broadcast on the WB network.	There's No Place Like Plrtz Glrb	Angel
series	The Legend of the Emerald Lady is a book in the Nancy Drew mystery series by Carolyn Keene.	The Legend of the Emerald Lady	Nancy Drew
series	``The One Where Rachel Smokes'' is the eighteenth episode of the fifth season of Friends and 115th overall.	The One Where Rachel Smokes	Friends
series	One Life, Furnished in Early Poverty is the second segment of the eleventh episode from the first season (1985-1986) of the television series The Twilight Zone.	One Life, Furnished in Early Poverty	The Twilight Zone
series	The Goblin Tower is a fantasy novel by American writer L. Sprague de Camp, the first book of both his Novarian series and the ``Reluctant King'' trilogy featuring King Jorian of Xylar.	The Goblin Tower	Novarian series
series	The Dark Hills Divide is a children's fantasy and mystery novel by Patrick Carman, the first book in The Land of Elyon series.	The Dark Hills Divide	The Land of Elyon
series	Le Contrat de mariage (English: A Marriage Contract or A Marriage Settlement) is an 1835 novel by French author Honoré de Balzac (1799-1850) and included in the Scènes de la vie privée section of his novel sequence La Comédie humaine.	Le Contrat de mariage	La Comédie humaine
series	``Terror in New York City'' is the fourth episode of the first series of Thunderbirds, a British 1960s Supermarionation television series co-created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson.	Terror in New York City	Thunderbirds
series	``Barting Over'' is the eleventh episode of the fourteenth season of The Simpsons, advertised by Fox, and indicated on-screen to be the 300th episode of the show (even though in broadcast order, it is the 302nd episode, as noted by Marge to Lisa in the episode proper).	Barting Over	The Simpsons
series	Four to Doomsday is the second serial of the 19th season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four twice-weekly parts from 18--26 January 1982.	Four to Doomsday	Doctor Who
series	``Sunday, Cruddy Sunday'' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons' tenth season.	Sunday, Cruddy Sunday	The Simpsons
series	Rude Removal is a cartoon segment originally produced for the animated television series Dexter's Laboratory for Cartoon Network.	Rude Removal	Dexter's Laboratory
series	The Far Side of the World is the tenth historical novel in the Aubrey-Maturin series by Patrick O'Brian, first published in 1984.	The Far Side of the World	Aubrey-Maturin series
series	``Something's Up There'' is the seventh episode of the first season of the situation comedy Back to You.	Something's Up There	Back to You
series	``The Catwalk'' is the thirty-eighth episode (production #212) of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the twelfth of the second season.	The Catwalk	Star Trek: Enterprise
series	``The Jem'Hadar'' is the 26th and final episode in the second season of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 46th episode overall.	The Jem'Hadar	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
series	The Third Kingdom is the thirteenth novel in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth, continuing the story arc started in the The Omen Machine.	The Third Kingdom	The Sword of Truth
series	``The Death of Eric Cartman'' is the sixth episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series South Park.	The Death of Eric Cartman	South Park
series	``The Great Louse Detective'' is the sixth episode of the fourteenth season of the American animated television sitcom The Simpsons.	The Great Louse Detective	The Simpsons
series	``One Moment of Humanity'' is the third episode of the second series of Space: 1999 (and the twenty-seventh overall episode of the programme).	One Moment of Humanity	Space: 1999
series	``And the Wiener Is...'' is the fifth episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Family Guy, the last episode produced for Season 2.	And the Wiener Is...	Family Guy
series	``The Postponement'' is the 112th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld, and the second episode of the seventh season.	The Postponement	Seinfeld
series	``The Great Simpsina'' is the eighteenth episode of The Simpsons '​ twenty-second season.	The Great Simpsina	The Simpsons
series	Bond Girls Are Forever is a 2002 James Bond documentary film hosted by actress Maryam d'Abo, who had played the role of Kara Milovy in the 15th James Bond film The Living Daylights.	Bond Girls Are Forever	James Bond
series	``Farhampton'' is the premiere episode of the eighth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and 161st overall.	Farhampton	How I Met Your Mother
series	Chainfire is the ninth book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth, and the first in a trilogy.	Chainfire	The Sword of Truth
series	Sea of Swords is the third and final book in R.A. Salvatore's book series, Paths of Darkness.	Sea of Swords	Paths of Darkness
series	Hospital Station is a 1962 science fiction book by author James White and is the first volume in the Sector General series.	Hospital Station	Sector General
series	``Q Who'' is the 16th episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation.	Q Who	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	``City on the Edge of Forever'' (also known as ``Flashbacks'') is the seventh episode of the second season of the animated television series South Park, and the 20th episode of the series overall.	City on the Edge of Forever	South Park
series	``The Woman King'' is the fourteenth episode of the third season from the science fiction television series Battlestar Galactica.	The Woman King	Battlestar Galactica
series	Le Juge is a Lucky Luke comic written by Goscinny and Morris.	Le Juge	Lucky Luke
series	Drakas! is an anthology in S.M. Stirling's alternate history series, The Domination.	Drakas!	The Domination
series	``The Old Man in the Cave'' is a half-hour episode of the original version of The Twilight Zone.	The Old Man in the Cave	The Twilight Zone
sex or gender	Bohumil Váňa (17 January 1920 - 4 November 1989) was a male table tennis player from Czechoslovakia.	Bohumil Váňa	male
sex or gender	Wang Zhouzhou (王舟舟, born 20 April 1977) is a male high jumper from PR China.	Wang Zhouzhou	male
sex or gender	Martyna Synoradzka (born January 30, 1988 in Poznań) is a Polish female fencer.	Martyna Synoradzka	female
sex or gender	Luo Wei (simplified Chinese: 罗微; traditional Chinese: 羅微; pinyin: Luó Wēi; born May 23, 1983 in Beijing) is a female Chinese taekwondo practitioner who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Luo Wei	female
sex or gender	Dell O'Dell was the stage name of Odella Newton (20 October 1897 - 5 February 1962) an American magician regarded in her profession as a pioneer who provided a role model for modern female performers.	Dell O'Dell	female
sex or gender	Tim Wilkison (born November 23, 1959 in Shelby, North Carolina, U.S.) is a former professional male tennis player from the United States.	Tim Wilkison	male
sex or gender	Minna Salmela (born May 3, 1971 in Oulu) is a retired female freestyle sprint swimmer from Finland.	Minna Salmela	female
sex or gender	Vera Thomas, also known as Vera Thomas-Dace, is a former female table tennis and tennis player from England who was a member of the winning doubles team in the 1948 World Table Tennis Championships.	Vera Thomas	female
sex or gender	Thea Austin is an American female dance/house singer/songwriter/composer from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Thea Austin	female
sex or gender	Ji Jianhua (Chinese: 姬建华; born January 29, 1982 in Xinjiang) is a male Chinese Olympic cyclist, who has competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Ji Jianhua	male
spouse	Candice Night (born May 8, 1971) is an American vocalist/lyricist, multi-instrumentalist for the traditional folk rock project Blackmore's Night since its origins in 1997, and wife of British guitarist Ritchie Blackmore.	Candice Night	Ritchie Blackmore
spouse	Anna Murray-Douglass (1813 -- August 4, 1882) was an American abolitionist, member of the Underground Railroad, and the first wife of American social reformer and statesman Frederick Douglass, from 1838 to her death.	Anna Murray-Douglass	Frederick Douglass
spouse	Regina Carrol (May 2, 1943 -- November 4, 1992) was an American performer, born as Regina Carol Gelfan, mostly remembered for her roles in films directed by her husband, Al Adamson.	Regina Carrol	Al Adamson
spouse	Xie Daoqing (謝道清; 1210 -- 1283) was a Chinese Empress consort of the Song Dynasty, married to Emperor Lizong of Song.	Xie Daoqing	Emperor Lizong of Song
spouse	Ethelinde of Northeim (b.1050/60, died after 1075) was the daughter of Otto of Northeim and the wife of Welf I, Duke of Bavaria, and Herman of Calvelage.	Ethelinde of Northeim	Welf I, Duke of Bavaria
spouse	Maria of Antioch (1145--1182) was a Byzantine empress as the wife of the Byzantine Emperor Manuel I Komnenos.	Maria of Antioch	Manuel I Komnenos
spouse	Harry Towb was married to the actress Diana Hoddinott for 44 years until his death.	Harry Towb	Diana Hoddinott
spouse	János Áder is married to Anita Herczegh, who works as a judge.	János Áder	Anita Herczegh
spouse	Oda Krohg, née Othilia Pauline Christine Lasson (11 June 1860 -- 19 October 1935) was a Norwegian painter, and the wife of her teacher and colleague Christian Krohg.	Oda Krohg	Christian Krohg
spouse	Ghias ad-din (fl. 1206--1226) was a member of the Seljuq dynasty of Rum and husband of Queen Rusudan of Georgia from c. 1223 to 1226.	Ghias ad-din	Rusudan of Georgia
spouse	Murong Chui's wife Princess Duan, because her clan was an honored one--being previously on equal standing as the Murongs, with the title of Duke of Liaoxi--was not respectful of Murong Jun's wife Empress Kezuhun.	Murong Jun	Empress Kezuhun
spouse	Diana Bachmann (b. 1940s) was a British writer of 6 historical novels from 1985 to 1998, she also wrote 11 thriller novels under the penname Max Marlow in collaboration with the prolific writer Christopher Nicole, her husband since 8 May 1982.	Diana Bachmann	Christopher Nicole
spouse	Ridley Scott was married to Felicity Heywood from 1964 to 1975.	Ridley Scott	Felicity Heywood
spouse	Carole Hyatt is married to television producer Gordon Hyatt whom she met while they were both working at CBS in New York City.	Carole Hyatt	Gordon Hyatt
spouse	However, in 431, Feng Hong created Lady Murong princess instead, and in 432, he created Princess Murong's son Feng Wangren (馮王仁) crown prince.	Feng Hong	Princess Murong
spouse	Tarab Abdul Hadi was the wife of Awni Abd al-Hadi, who was himself active in politics and went on to become a prominent member of the Istiqlal party.	Tarab Abdul Hadi	Awni Abd al-Hadi
spouse	There Éowyn met Faramir, with whom she soon fell in love.	Éowyn	Faramir
spouse	Sohrab Modi was married to Mehtab Modi, an actress born into an aristocratic Muslim family from Gujarat, who began her career in his movie Parakh.	Sohrab Modi	Mehtab
spouse	On 9 February 1997 Bruno Mégret's wife, Catherine Mégret, was elected mayor of Vitrolles.	Bruno Mégret	Catherine Mégret
spouse	In Norse mythology, Naglfari is the father of Auðr by the personified night, Nótt.	Naglfari	Nótt
spouse	Jyothika married co-actor Suriya in September 2006 after being engaged in a relationship for several years.	Jyothika	Suriya
spouse	In Roman mythology, Lavinia (/ləˈvɪniə/; Latin: Lāuīnĭa (laːˈwiːnia)) is the daughter of Latinus and Amata and the last wife of Aeneas.	Lavinia	Aeneas
spouse	On May 31, 1894, Joe Keaton eloped with Myra Edith Cutler, who became known as Myra Keaton.	Joe Keaton	Myra Keaton
spouse	Ramarajan fell in love with actress Nalini and they got married in 1987.	Ramarajan	Nalini
spouse	Jane Henson (née Nebel; June 16, 1934 --April 2, 2013) was an American puppeteer and the wife (later widow) of puppeteer Jim Henson.	Jane Henson	Jim Henson
spouse	His judgment was correct, and with his wife Princess Lan's, and her mother Lady Yi's intercession, Murong Sheng was spared, despite repeated requests by Lan Han's brothers Lan Ti (蘭堤) and Lan Jia'nan to have Murong Sheng killed.	Murong Sheng	Princess Lan
spouse	Peter Holm (born Peter Sjöholm; 13 June 1947) is a former pop singer and Swedish playboy who was married to actress Joan Collins between November 1985 and August 1987.	Peter Holm	Joan Collins
spouse	Joan, Lady of Wales and Lady of Snowdon, also known by her Welsh name of Siwan, (c. 1191 -- 2 February 1237) was the wife of Llywelyn the Great, Prince of Wales and Gwynedd, effective ruler of most of Wales.	Joan, Lady of Wales	Llywelyn the Great
spouse	Nontsikelelo Albertina Sisulu (21 October 1918 -- 2 June 2011) was a South African anti--apartheid activist, and the wife of fellow activist Walter Sisulu (1912--2003).	Albertina Sisulu	Walter Sisulu
spouse	Rose Kaufman (née Fisher; March 30, 1939 -- December 7, 2009) co-wrote the screenplays of The Wanderers (1979) and Henry & June (1990) with her husband, writer-director Philip Kaufman.	Rose Kaufman	Philip Kaufman
spouse	Katalin Bánffy de Alsólindva (pronounced (ˈkɒtɒlin ˈbaːnfi)) was a 16th-century Hungarian noblewoman, the wife of general and politician Ferenc Batthyány.	Katalin Bánffy	Ferenc Batthyány
spouse	Pasion had two sons with his wife Archippe:	Pasion	Archippe
spouse	In 1801, Ebba Modée married the courtier general lieutenant count Axel Otto Mörner, with whom she had long been in love, and because of their poverty, Hedwig Elizabeth Charlotte appointed her lady in waiting.	Ebba Modée	Axel Otto Mörner
spouse	Gauthildr Algautsdóttir (Swedish: Göthild Algotsdotter) (7th century) was, according to the Heimskringla, the daughter of the Geatish king Algaut and the wife of Ingjald Ill-ruler, a semi-legendary king of Sweden.	Gauthildr Algautsdóttir	Ingjald
spouse	Volker Zotz is married to the Austrian writer and anthropologist Birgit Zotz.	Volker Zotz	Birgit Zotz
spouse	Anna Benson (born February 12, 1976) is an American model, former stripper, and ex-wife of former Major League Baseball pitcher Kris Benson.	Anna Benson	Kris Benson
spouse	Gawn Grainger (born 12 October 1937) is a British stage and screen actor, and husband of actress Zoë Wanamaker.	Gawn Grainger	Zoë Wanamaker
spouse	Catherine of Aragon (Castilian: Catalina; also spelled Katherine, 16 December 1485 -- 7 January 1536) was the Queen of England from June 1509 until May 1533 as the first wife of King Henry VIII; she was previously Princess of Wales as the wife of his elder brother Arthur.	Catherine of Aragon	Henry VIII
spouse	Kirsty Bertarelli (born Kirsty Roper) is a songwriter, former Miss UK and wife of Ernesto Bertarelli, a Swiss businessman who was the owner of biotech giant Serono until 2007 and winner of the America's Cup in 2003 and 2007 with his yachting syndicate Alinghi.	Kirsty Bertarelli	Ernesto Bertarelli
spouse	Bu Xiangzhi is married to WGM Huang Qian.	Bu Xiangzhi	Huang Qian
spouse	Anna Vasilchikova (Анна Васильчикова) was Tsaritsa of the Tsardom of Russia and was the fifth wife of Ivan the Terrible.	Anna Vasilchikova	Ivan the Terrible
spouse	Jo Benkow married twice, his second marriage was with fellow politician Annelise Høegh.	Jo Benkow	Annelise Høegh
spouse	Margot Ebert was married to the actor Wilfried Ortmann until he died in 1994.	Margot Ebert	Wilfried Ortmann
spouse	His third marriage was to Deianira, for whom he had to fight the river god Achelous (upon Achelous' death, Heracles removed one of his horns and gave it to some nymphs who turned it into the cornucopia.)	Heracles	Deianira
taxon rank	Tephrodornis is a bird genus in the family Tephrodornithidae, commonly known as the woodshrikes.	Tephrodornis	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtanthus is a genus of perennial, herbaceous and bulbous plants in the family Amaryllidaceae, subfamily Amaryllidoideae.	Cyrtanthus	genus
taxon rank	Stagmomantis limbata, common name bordered mantis or Arizona mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to North America.	Stagmomantis limbata	species
taxon rank	Aphanipathes is a genus of black coral from the family Aphanipathidae.	Aphanipathes	genus
taxon rank	Rankinian is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Santonian to the Campanian.	Rankinian	genus
taxon rank	Trichoglossus is a genus of lorikeet in the Psittaculidae or true parrot superfamily.	Trichoglossus	genus
taxon rank	The Espíritu Santo antelope squirrel (Ammospermophilus insularis) is a species of antelope squirrel in the family Sciuridae.	Espíritu Santo antelope squirrel	species
taxon rank	Doto coronata is a species of small sea slug or nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dotidae.	Doto coronata	species
taxon rank	Ancylomenes is a genus of shrimp, erected in 2010 to accommodate the group of species around ``Periclimenes aesopius'' (now Ancylomenes aesopius).	Ancylomenes	genus
taxon rank	Hippasteria phrygiana is a sea star species, member of the Goniasteridae family.	Hippasteria phrygiana	species
taxon rank	Peltandra primaeva is an extinct species of monocot in the Araceae family known from a Ypresian age Eocene fossil found in western North Dakota, USA.	Peltandra primaeva	species
taxon rank	Piesmatidae is a small family of true bugs, commonly called ash-grey leaf bugs.	Piesmatidae	family
taxon rank	Heterotheca rutteri, called the Huachuca goldenaster or Rutter's false goldenaster, is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Heterotheca rutteri	species
taxon rank	The petaltails of the family Petaluridae are apparently the most ancient of the extant true dragonflies (infraorder Anisoptera), having fossil members from as early as the Jurassic (over 150 million years ago).	Petaluridae	family
taxon rank	Apera is a small genus of annual grasses, known commonly as silkybent grass or windgrass.	Apera	genus
taxon rank	Sesamothamnus lugardii (Transvaal sesame-bush, sesambos) is a species of plant in family Pedaliaceae, endemic to southern Namibia, eastern Botswana, southern Zimbabwe, and Kruger National Park in the Transvaal.	Sesamothamnus lugardii	species
taxon rank	Caulanthus pilosus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names hairy wild cabbage and chocolate drops.	Caulanthus pilosus	species
taxon rank	Schismatorhynchos is a genus of cyprinid fish found in Asia.	Schismatorhynchos	genus
taxon rank	Silaum silaus was one of the many species described by Carl Linnaeus in Volume I of the 1753 edition of his Species Plantarum as Peucedanum silaus.	Silaum silaus	species
taxon rank	Spinyfins are a family, Diretmidae, of beryciform fishes.	Spinyfin	family
taxon rank	Phyllonemus is a genus of claroteid catfish native to Africa where it is only found in Lake Tanganyika.	Phyllonemus	genus
taxon rank	Zonosaurus boettgeri is a species of lizard endemic to northern Madagascar, including Nosy Be.	Zonosaurus boettgeri	species
taxon rank	Chicoreus banksii, common name the Banks' murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Chicoreus banksii	species
taxon rank	Dynoides elegans is a species of isopod crustacean in the genus Dynoides.	Dynoides elegans	species
taxon rank	Therizinosaurus (/ˌθɛrɪˌzɪnoʊˈsɔːrəs/; 'scythe lizard', from the Greek therizo meaning 'to reap' or 'to cut off' and sauros meaning 'lizard') is a genus of very large theropod dinosaurs.	Therizinosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Distocambarus is a genus of freshwater crayfish endemic to the United States.	Distocambarus	genus
taxon rank	Pararasbora moltrechti, Moltrecht's minnow, is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Taiwan.	Pararasbora	species
taxon rank	Schoenoplectus hallii is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name Hall's bulrush.	Schoenoplectus hallii	species
taxon rank	Rhinella (Beaked Toads or Rio Viejo Toads) is a subgenus of Bufo (treated by some as a distinct genus) containing 71 species of true toads native to Neotropical Central and South America.	Rhinella	genus
taxon rank	Parabrotula is a genus of false brotulas.	Parabrotula	genus
taxon rank	Tima formosa is a colonial species of marine hydrozoa in the family Conica.	Tima formosa	species
taxon rank	Mystus albolineatus (known locally as trey kanchos bay) is a species of catfish endemic to Cambodia, Thailand and Vietnam, known from Chao Phraya River, Bang Pakong River, Mekong River and Tonlé Sap.	Mystus albolineatus	species
taxon rank	Eurocephalus is a small genus of passerine birds in the shrike family.	Eurocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Pavlovia is an extinct genus of ammonite of the Late Jurassic to Late Cretaceous (age range: 150.8 to 99.7 Ma).	Pavlovia	genus
taxon rank	Amanita pachycolea, commonly known as the western grisette, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Amanitaceae.	Amanita pachycolea	species
taxon rank	Like a number of other related cormorant species, the Cape cormorant is placed by some authorities (e.g. Johnsgaard) in the genus Leucocarbo.	Cape cormorant	species
taxon rank	Acaiu spinosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Acaiu.	Acaiu spinosus	species
taxon rank	Hypodynerus is a South American, primarily Andean, genus of potter wasps with most of its described species inhabiting Chile.	Hypodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Gandakasia is an extinct genus of ambulocetid from Pakistan, that lived in the Eocene epoch.	Gandakasia	genus
taxon rank	Hypuronector is a genus of extinct reptile from the Triassic Period that lived in what is now New Jersey.	Hypuronector	genus
taxon rank	Yoshinagella japonica is a fungus and the type species in the genus Yoshinagella.	Yoshinagella japonica	species
taxon rank	Muricopsis matildae is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the rock snails.	Muricopsis matildae	species
taxon rank	Gagata cenia is a species of sisorid catfish found in the Ganges Delta and the Indus River.	Gagata cenia	species
taxon rank	Lythrum alatum, commonly known as winged loosestrife, winged lythrum or (in Britain and Ireland) angled purple-loosestrife, is a species of flowering plant belonging to the family Lythraceae.	Lythrum alatum	species
taxon rank	Cleistesiopsis divaricata is a terrestrial species of orchid native to the eastern United States from New Jersey to Florida.	Cleistesiopsis divaricata	species
taxon rank	Sipunculidea is a class of marine peanut worms.	Sipunculidea	class
taxon rank	Struthideidae is a family of passerine birds known as the Australian mudnesters.	Australian mudnester	family
taxon rank	Callistele calliston, common name the beautiiful top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae (unassigned to a subfamily).	Callistele calliston	species
taxon rank	Corriebaatar is the type and only genus of Corriebaataridae, a family of multituberculate mammals.	Corriebaatar	genus
taxon rank	Hypoptopoma spectabile is a species of armoured catfish native to the Amazon and Orinoco river basins in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.	Hypoptopoma spectabile	species
taxon rank	Dichelostemma ida-maia is a species of flowering plant known as firecracker flower.	Dichelostemma ida-maia	species
taxon rank	Magnolia grandiflora was one of the many species first described by Linnaeus in his Systema Naturae in 1759, basing his description on the earlier notes of Miller.	Magnolia grandiflora	species
taxon rank	Diplocynodon is an extinct genus of alligatoroid that lived during the Paleocene to middle Miocene 49 million years ago in Europe.	Diplocynodon	genus
taxon rank	Braemia vittata is a species of orchid and the only species of genus Braemia.	Braemia	genus
taxon rank	Scalidiopsis youngi is a species of beetles in the family Passandridae, and the only species in the genus Scalidiopsis.	Scalidiopsis youngi	species
taxon rank	Phragmipedium vittatum is a species of orchid endemic to west-central and southeastern Brazil.	Phragmipedium vittatum	species
taxon rank	Puperita pupa is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae, the nerites.	Puperita pupa	species
taxon rank	Eutricha capensis, the Cape lappet moth, is a species of moth in the family Lasiocampidae primarily found in South Africa.	Eutricha capensis	species
taxon rank	Acanthopleuribacter is a genus in the phylum Acidobacteria (bacteria).	Acanthopleuribacter	genus
taxon rank	Aquilegia caerulea is a species of Aquilegia flower native to the Rocky Mountains from Montana south to New Mexico and west to Idaho and Arizona.	Aquilegia caerulea	species
taxon rank	Thomasia is a genus of plants which are native to southern Australia.	Thomasia	genus
taxon rank	Phytophthora quercina is a papillate homothallic soil-borne plant pathogen causing root rot of oak tree species in Europe.	Phytophthora quercina	species
taxon rank	Euscorpius is a genus of scorpions, commonly called small wood-scorpions.	Euscorpius	genus
taxon rank	Formosibittacus is an extinct genus of hangingfly in the family Bittacidae and containing a single species Formosibittacus macularis.	Formosibittacus	genus
taxon rank	Neithea is an extinct genus of bivalve mollusks that lived from the Early Jurassic to the early Paleocene, with a worldwide distribution.	Neithea	genus
taxon rank	Mycetophagus punctatus, sometimes called the hairy fungus beetle, is a species of fungus beetle.	Mycetophagus punctatus	species
taxon rank	Bannapone mulanae is a species of ant of the genus Bannapone, described in by Xu in 2000.	Bannapone mulanae	species
taxon rank	Tetilla is a plant genus of the Melianthaceae family.	Tetilla	genus
taxon rank	Lepidobatrachus llanensis (common name: llanos frog; in Spanish: escuerzo) is a species of frog in the Ceratophryidae family.	Lepidobatrachus llanensis	species
taxon rank	Wolffia arrhiza is a species of flowering plant known by the common names spotless watermeal and rootless duckweed, belonging to the Araceae, a family rich in water-loving species, such as Arum and Pistia.	Wolffia arrhiza	species
taxon rank	Sayella fusca, common name the brown sayella, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Sayella fusca	species
taxon rank	Carpobrotus glaucescens, commonly known as angular sea-fig or pigface, is a species of flowering plant in the ice plant family.	Carpobrotus glaucescens	species
taxon rank	Plectorhinchus picus, the painted sweetlips, is a species of grunt native to coral reefs of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean at depths of 3 to 50 m (9.8 to 164.0 ft).	Plectorhinchus picus	species
taxon rank	Neacomys paracou, also known as the Paracou neacomys or Paracou bristly mouse, is a rodent species from South America in the genus Neacomys.	Neacomys paracou	species
taxon rank	Sterculia schliebenii is a species of plant in the Sterculiaceae family.	Sterculia schliebenii	species
taxon rank	Neanis is an extinct genus of bird probably related to woodpeckers and toucans.	Neanis	genus
taxon rank	Lonicera interrupta is a species of honeysuckle known by the common name chaparral honeysuckle.	Lonicera interrupta	species
taxon rank	Loensia variegata is a species of Psocoptera from Liposcelididae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland.	Loensia variegata	species
taxon rank	Nereis is a genus of polychaete worms in the family Nereidae.	Nereis	genus
taxon rank	African elephants are elephants of the genus Loxodonta (from the Greek words loxo (oblique sided) and donta (tooth)).	African elephant	genus
taxon rank	Tortrix sinapina, the Japanese oak leafroller, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Tortrix sinapina	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus verrucosus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common names wart-stem ceanothus, barranca brush, and white coast ceanothus.	Ceanothus verrucosus	species
taxon rank	Struzl's onion (Allium struzlianum) is a species of onion that is endemic to Armenia.	Allium struzlianum	species
taxon rank	Pseudosiobla campbelli is an extinct species of sawfly in the family Tenthredinidae that is known from early Eocene Ypresian stage lake deposits near the unincorporated community of Horsefly, British Columbia.	Pseudosiobla campbelli	species
taxon rank	Tsuga heterophylla, the western hemlock or western hemlock-spruce, is a species of hemlock native to the west coast of North America, with its northwestern limit on the Kenai Peninsula, Alaska, and its southeastern limit in northern Sonoma County, California.	Tsuga heterophylla	species
taxon rank	Melica parodiana is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Buenos Aires, Argentina and Uruguay.	Melica parodiana	species
taxon rank	Penicillium restingae is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil of the Guaibim sandbank in Bahia in Brazil.	Penicillium restingae	species
taxon rank	Euschistospiza is a genus of birds in the family Estrildidae, found in Sub-Saharan Africa.	Euschistospiza	genus
taxon rank	Altispinax (/ˌæltɨˈspaɪnæks/; ``with high spines'') is a genus of large predatory theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous (Barremian) Obernkirchen Sandstein of Niedersachsen, Germany.	Altispinax	genus
taxon rank	Berberis actinacantha is a species of plant also known as michay.	Berberis actinacantha	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops brasiliensis, or the Brazilian blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Auchenipterus is a genus of driftwood catfishes (order Siluriformes).	Auchenipterus	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species (Polyvena horatius) which was described from Dominican amber.	Polyvena	species
taxon rank	Coryphopterus is a genus of gobies mostly found in the western Atlantic Ocean though a couple species are found in the Indian and/or Pacific oceans.	Coryphopterus	genus
taxon rank	Salix barrattiana is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common name Barratt's willow.	Salix barrattiana	species
taxon rank	Adenomus is a small genus of true toads, with only three species, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Adenomus	genus
taxon rank	Lobelia erinus (edging lobelia, garden lobelia or trailing lobelia) is a species of Lobelia native to southern Africa, from Malawi and Namibia south to South Africa.	Lobelia erinus	species
taxon rank	Mentzelia mollis is a species of flowering plant in the Loasaceae known by the common names soft blazingstar, smooth blazingstar, and smooth stickleaf.	Mentzelia mollis	species
taxon rank	Arctides is a genus of slipper lobsters, containing three species.	Arctides	genus
taxon rank	Tetramolopium rockii is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name dune tetramolopium.	Tetramolopium rockii	species
taxon rank	Schizaster is a genus of heart urchins belonging to the family Schizasteridae.	Schizaster	genus
taxon rank	The species name was accepted as Crithidia deanei until 2011, when phylogenetic analysis revealed that it belongs to the genus Angomonas, thereby becoming Angomonas deanei.	Angomonas deanei	species
taxon rank	Paederia is a genus of flowering plants in the madder family, Rubiaceae.	Paederia	genus
taxon rank	Melica ciliata, commonly called hairy melic or silky spike melic, is a grass species of perennial bunchgrass native to Europe, north Africa, and temperate Asia.	Melica ciliata	species
taxon rank	Tropidia scita is a common European species of hoverfly associated with wetlands, ponds, ditches etc. The larvae have been recorded living in the basal sheaths of Typha.	Tropidia scita	species
taxon rank	Combretum molle, the velvet bushwillow, is a plant species in the genus Combretum found in West-, East- and South Africa.	Combretum molle	species
taxon rank	Trachelipus rucneri is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Croatia.	Trachelipus rucneri	species
taxon rank	Melica torreyana is a species of grass known by the common name Torrey's melicgrass.	Melica torreyana	species
taxon rank	Botaurus is a genus of bitterns, a group of wading bird in the heron family Ardeidae.	Botaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Orizaba long-tailed shrew (Sorex orizabae) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Orizaba long-tailed shrew	species
taxon rank	Astragalus alpinus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name alpine milkvetch.	Astragalus alpinus	species
taxon rank	Nannacara is a genus of small freshwater cichlid fish endemic to South America.	Nannacara	genus
taxon rank	Uropeltis macrolepis, commonly known as the Bombay earth snake, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.	Uropeltis macrolepis	species
taxon rank	Paracorrhenes flavomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paracorrhenes.	Paracorrhenes flavomaculata	species
taxon rank	Musa azizii is a species of wild banana (genus Musa), native to Sarawak, Malaysia.	Musa azizii	species
taxon rank	Salarias ramosus, the Starry blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny from the Western Central Pacific.	Salarias ramosus	species
taxon rank	Prodasineura is a genus of damselflies in the family Protoneuridae.	Prodasineura	genus
taxon rank	Yaoshania pachychilus, the panda loach, is a species of gastromyzontid loach endemic to mountain streams in Jinxiu County, Guangxi in China.	Yaoshania pachychilus	species
taxon rank	Choeroichthys latispinosus, also known as the Muiron Island pipefish or Muiron pipefish, is a species of pipefish native to the western coast of Australia.	Choeroichthys latispinosus	species
taxon rank	Exguiana postflavida is a species of snout moth in the genus Exguiana.	Exguiana postflavida	species
taxon rank	Carabus henningi is a species of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Mongolia and Russia.	Carabus henningi	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis batesii is a species of upside-down catfish found widely in Western and Central Africa.	Chiloglanis batesii	species
taxon rank	Agorius constrictus is a species of ant mimicking jumping spider from Singapore.	Agorius constrictus	species
taxon rank	Sardinella melanura (blacktip sardinella) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sardinella.	Sardinella melanura	species
taxon rank	Crataegus boyntonii is a species of hawthorn native to the Southeastern U.S. Its fruit are ``yellow-green flushed with red''.	Crataegus boyntonii	species
taxon rank	Bangia is an extant genus of division Rhodophyta that grows in marine or freshwater habitats.	Bangia	genus
taxon rank	Abutilon × hybridum is a species name used for a wide variety of different types flowering plants of uncertain origin in the genus Abutilon.	Abutilon × hybridum	species
taxon rank	Amycolatopsis rifamycinica is a species of Gram-positive bacteria in the Amycolatopsis genus.	Amycolatopsis rifamycinica	species
taxon rank	The Attelabidae is a widespread family of weevils.	Attelabidae	family
taxon rank	Magnetococcus marinus is a species of Alphaproteobacteria that has the peculiar ability to form a structure called a magnetosome, a membrane encased single-magnetic-domain mineral crystals formed by biomineralisation, which allows the cells to orientate along the Earth's geomagnetic field.	Magnetococcus marinus	species
taxon rank	Achirus is a genus of American soles native to tropical and subtropical parts of the Americas.	Achirus	genus
taxon rank	Amomyrtus luma, known as Luma, is a species of tree in the Myrtaceae family.	Amomyrtus luma	species
taxon rank	Clausidium dissimile is a species of copepod that has been found along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts from Massachusetts to Florida.	Clausidium dissimile	species
taxon rank	Eriochloa sericea is a species of grass known by the common name Texas cupgrass.	Eriochloa sericea	species
taxon rank	Chylismiella pterosperma is a species of evening primrose known by the common name wingfruit suncup and is the only species in the monotypic genus Chylismiella.	Chylismiella	genus
taxon rank	Hydrobius fuscipes is a species of beetle in the family Hydrophilidae that is found across much of the temperate Northern Hemisphere.	Hydrobius fuscipes	species
taxon rank	Microhyla achatina (commonly known as the Javan chorus frog) is a species of narrow-mouthed frog found in Java.	Microhyla achatina	species
taxon rank	Croton californicus is a species of croton known by the common name California croton.	Croton californicus	species
taxon rank	Centaurea montana (perennial cornflower, mountain cornflower, bachelor's button, montane knapweed or mountain bluet) is a species of Centaurea endemic to Europe.	Centaurea montana	species
taxon rank	Solanum sandwicense is a rare species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common names Hawai'i horsenettle and popolo 'aiakeakua.	Solanum sandwicense	species
taxon rank	Oligodon ancorus, commonly known as the northern short-headed snake, is a species of colubrid snake found on the islands of Luzon and Mindoro in the Philippines, and the island of Sumatra in Indonesia.	Oligodon ancorus	species
taxon rank	Pisonia graciliscens is a species of plant in the Nyctaginaceae family.	Pisonia graciliscens	species
taxon rank	Shorea smithiana (also called Light Red Meranti) is a large emergent rainforest tree species in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea smithiana	species
taxon rank	Canthigaster figueiredoi, known as the Southern Atlantic sharpnose-puffer, is a species of marine fish in the family Tetraodontidae.	Canthigaster figueiredoi	species
taxon rank	Macbridea alba is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name white birds-in-a-nest.	Macbridea alba	species
taxon rank	Artopoetes is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.It is a small east Asian genus of tailless hairstreaks.	Artopoetes	genus
taxon rank	Lingulata is a class of brachiopod, among the oldest of all brachiopods having existed since the Cambrian period (541 million years ago).	Lingulata	class
taxon rank	Craibia brevicaudata is a species of medium to large evergreen trees from Fabaceae family that can be found in Angola, Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Tanzania, Zaire, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.	Craibia brevicaudata	species
taxon rank	Bunias orientalis, the Turkish wartycabbage, warty-cabbage, hill mustard, or Turkish rocket, is a plant species in the genus Bunias.	Bunias orientalis	species
taxon rank	Populus adenopoda, known commonly as the Chinese aspen, is a species of poplar found in China.	Populus adenopoda	species
taxon rank	Dorylus gribodoi is a West African species of army ants in the genus Dorylus.	Dorylus gribodoi	species
taxon rank	Stanhopea florida is a species of orchid occurring from Ecuador to Peru.	Stanhopea florida	species
taxon rank	Chaetodon pelewensis also known as the dot dash butterflyfish, Spotbanded Butterflyfish, Punctato Butterflyfish, or Spot-band Butterflyfish is a fish species native to Indonesia and has a yellow-tan body.	Chaetodon pelewensis	species
taxon rank	Munidopsis polymorpha is a species of squat lobster (also known as the blind albino cave crab) that is endemic to Lanzarote, Canary Islands.	Munidopsis polymorpha	species
taxon rank	Rumex patientia, known as patience dock, ``garden patience'', ``herb patience'', or ``monk's rhubarb'', is a herbaceous perennial plant species of the genus Rumex, belonging to the family Polygonaceae.	Rumex patientia	species
taxon rank	Microhexura is a tiny spider genus from the USA with only two species.	Microhexura	genus
taxon rank	The bicolor butterflyfish, Prognathodes dichrous, is a species of butterflyfish found in atlantic waters.	Prognathodes dichrous	species
taxon rank	Pomadasys commersonnii, the smallspotted grunter, is a species of grunt native to the shores of the western Indian Ocean from India to South Africa, being found in brackish and marine waters and occasionally into fresh waters.	Pomadasys commersonnii	species
taxon rank	Gymnanthes lucida, commonly known as shiny oysterwood or crabwood, is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae, that is native to southern Florida in the United States, the Bahamas, the Caribbean, Mexico, and Central America.	Gymnanthes lucida	species
taxon rank	Plioviverrops is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore of the family Hyaenidae, endemic to Southern Europe during the Late Miocene subepoch (11.6--5.3 mya) existing for approximately 6.3 million years.	Plioviverrops	genus
taxon rank	Cyamiidae is a family of marine bivalve clams of the order Veneroida.	Cyamiidae	family
taxon rank	Badis khwae is a species of freshwater fish native to Thailand.	Badis khwae	species
taxon rank	Cotysomerida lampyroides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cotysomerida.	Cotysomerida lampyroides	species
taxon rank	Pheidochloa is a genus of Australian and Papuasian plants in the grass family.	Pheidochloa	genus
taxon rank	Piatnitzkysaurus (pron.:``PEA-at-NITS-key-SORE-us'') is an extinct genus of megalosauroid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 164 to 161 million years ago during the middle part of the Jurassic Period in what is now Argentina.	Piatnitzkysaurus	genus
taxon rank	Andrena hattorfiana is a species of mining bees belonging to the family Andrenidae subfamily Andreninae.	Andrena hattorfiana	species
taxon rank	Conasprella sieboldii, common name Siebold's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprella sieboldii	species
taxon rank	Xiurenbagrus gigas is a species of catfish of the family Amblycipitidae.	Xiurenbagrus gigas	species
taxon rank	Anolis lividus, the Plymouth anole, is a species of anole lizard that is endemic to the island of Montserrat in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles.	Anolis lividus	species
taxon rank	Sideroxylon celastrinum is a species of flowering plant in the sapodilla family, Sapotaceae, that is native to Texas and Florida in the United States south through Central America to northern Venezuela and Colombia in South America.	Sideroxylon celastrinum	species
taxon rank	Andricus kollari is species of wasp which causes the formation of marble galls on oak trees.	Andricus kollari	species
taxon rank	Melica harfordii is a species of grass known by the common name Harford's oniongrass.	Melica harfordii	species
taxon rank	Acanthosaura is a genus of lizards commonly known as mountain horned dragons, or pricklenape agamas.	Acanthosaura	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium rubidurum is an anamorph, monoverticillate species of the genus of Penicillium.	Penicillium rubidurum	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Kruphaiomyces trochoidei.	Kruphaiomyces	species
taxon rank	Lohoodon is a genus of hapalodectid mesonychians which lived during the middle Eocene.	Lohoodon	genus
taxon rank	Denticetopsis iwokrama is a species of whale catfish endemic to Guyana where it is only known from the type locality in the Siparuni River basin.	Denticetopsis iwokrama	species
taxon rank	Dardanus venosus, the starry-eyed crab or stareye crab, is a species of hermit crab in the family Diogenidae.	Dardanus venosus	species
taxon rank	Salpichroa origanifolia is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common names lily of the valley vine, pampas lily-of-the-valley or cock's-eggs.	Salpichroa origanifolia	species
taxon rank	Ophelina acuminata is a species of marine annelids, found in the sublittoral mud and sand bottom.	Ophelina acuminata	species
taxon rank	The soldier flies (Stratiomyidae, sometimes misspelled as Stratiomyiidae, from Greek στρατιώτης - soldier; μυια - fly) are a family of flies (historically placed in the now-obsolete group Orthorrhapha).	Stratiomyidae	family
taxon rank	Plagiobothrys hirtus, the rough popcornflower, is a plant species with only about a dozen reportedly extant occurrences, all within the Umpqua River watershed in Douglas County, Oregon.	Plagiobothrys hirtus	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pseudoperitheca murmanica.	Pseudoperitheca	species
taxon rank	Lithocarpus kingii is a species of plant in the family Fagaceae.	Lithocarpus kingii	species
taxon rank	Haliotis rubiginosa, common name the Lord Howe abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis rubiginosa	species
taxon rank	Salix floridana, the Florida willow, is a species of willow in the family Salicaceae.	Salix floridana	species
taxon rank	The superfamily Trichoceroidea includes one family:	Trichoceroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Cassytha filiformis, common name love-vine, is a species of obligate parasitic vine in the family Lauraceae.	Cassytha filiformis	species
taxon rank	Deinandra bacigalupii (sometimes misspelled bacigalupi) is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Livermore tarplant and Livermore moonshine.	Deinandra bacigalupii	species
taxon rank	Sphenocephalus is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish that lived during the Cretaceous period.	Sphenocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Blepharizonia plumosa is a California species of tarweed known by the common name big tarweed.	Blepharizonia plumosa	species
taxon rank	The Opluridae, or Madagascan iguanas, are a family of moderately sized lizards native to Madagascar and Grande Comore.	Opluridae	family
taxon rank	Nacella kerguelenensis is a southern, cold-water species of limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae, the true limpets.	Nacella kerguelenensis	species
taxon rank	Heterospathe is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in Oceania, where it is called sagisi palm.	Heterospathe	genus
taxon rank	Samoana attenuata is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Samoana attenuata	species
taxon rank	Puntius dolichopterus is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae.	Puntius dolichopterus	species
taxon rank	Lithospermum canescens is a species of flowering plant known by the common name hoary puccoon.	Lithospermum canescens	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius namiyei, commonly called Black comb-tooth or Namiye's coralblenny, is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae.	Ecsenius namiyei	species
taxon rank	The Phronimidae are a family of amphipod crustaceans, containing two genera:	Phronimidae	family
taxon rank	Erigeron mariposanus is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names foothill fleabane, Mariposa daisy, or Mariposa erigeron.	Erigeron mariposanus	species
taxon rank	Eupatorium anomalum, commonly called Florida thoroughwort, is a North American species in the sunflower family.	Eupatorium anomalum	species
taxon rank	Diplorhynchus is a monotypic genus of plant in the Apocynaceae family found in tropical and southern Africa.	Diplorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Galium kamtschaticum, known as Kamchatka bedstraw or boreal bedstraw, is a plant species in the Rubiaceae, named for the Kamchatka Peninsula on the Pacific Coast of Russia.	Galium kamtschaticum	species
taxon rank	Phanera variegata is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae, native to South Asia and Southeast Asia, from southern China, Burma, India, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka.	Phanera variegata	species
taxon rank	Oryzeae is a tribe of flowering plants in the true grass family, Poaceae.	Oryzeae	tribe
taxon rank	Nannosquillidae is a family of stomatopods, comprising the following genera:	Nannosquillidae	family
taxon rank	Rubus parliniiis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus parlinii	species
taxon rank	Pantophthalmidae is a small family of very large, robust flies, sometimes referred to as timber flies.	Pantophthalmidae	family
taxon rank	The Kentucky warbler (Geothlypis formosa) is a small species of New World warbler.	Kentucky warbler	species
taxon rank	Rubus blanchardianus, Blanchard's dewberry, is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus blanchardianus	species
taxon rank	Charonia tritonis, common name the Triton's trumpet or the giant triton, is a species of very large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae, the tritons.	Charonia tritonis	species
taxon rank	Cyphoryctis xylodoma is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Cyphoryctis.	Cyphoryctis xylodoma	species
taxon rank	Dipteronia is a genus of two living and one extinct species, regarded in the soapberry family Sapindaceae sensu lato after Angiosperm Phylogeny Group (APG I 1998, APG II 2003) and more recently (Harrington et al. 2005) )or traditionally by several authors in Aceraceae, related to the maples.	Dipteronia	genus
taxon rank	Mermis nigrescens is a species of nematode known commonly as the grasshopper nematode.	Mermis nigrescens	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Anthropodyptes gilli, known from a Middle Miocene humerus from Australia.	Anthropodyptes	species
taxon rank	Phacelia austromontana is a species of phacelia known by the common name Southern Sierra phacelia.	Phacelia austromontana	species
taxon rank	Only one species is known, Entomophobia kinabaluensis, endemic to the Island of Borneo.	Entomophobia kinabaluensis	species
taxon rank	Chaptalia tomentosa, common name pineland daisy, is a plant species native to the southeastern United States.	Chaptalia tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Baenidae is an extinct family of cryptodiran turtles that first appeared during the Jurassic, and died out during the Eocene	Baenidae	family
taxon rank	Linatella caudata, common name : the Girdled triton or Poulsen's Triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Linatella caudata	species
taxon rank	Kempfidris is a Neotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Kempfidris inusualis.	Kempfidris	genus
taxon rank	Carolina chickadees are so similar to black-capped chickadees that they themselves have trouble telling their species apart.	Carolina chickadee	species
taxon rank	Elaphrus lindrothi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae.	Elaphrus lindrothi	species
taxon rank	Goupia is a neotropical genus of flowering plants and the sole genus included in the family Goupiaceae.	Goupia	genus
taxon rank	Acer pilosum is an Asian species of maple.	Acer pilosum	species
taxon rank	It is the only species in the genus Prionium, and is endemic to South Africa (Cape Province and KwaZulu-Natal).	Prionium	species
taxon rank	Maylandia barlowi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the area around the Maleri Islands where it prefers areas with soft substrates.	Maylandia barlowi	species
taxon rank	Wolterstorffina (the Wolterstorff toads) is a genus of true toads native to Nigeria and Cameroon.	Wolterstorffina	genus
taxon rank	Excoecaria indica, is a mangrove species belonging to the genus Excoecaria of the family Euphorbiaceae.	Excoecaria indica	species
taxon rank	Paraneoptera is a monophyletic superorder of insects which includes four orders, the bark lice, true lice, thrips, and hemipterans, the true bugs.	Paraneoptera	superorder
taxon rank	Grevillea alpivaga, also known as Buffalo Grevillea, is a species of the plant genus Grevillea.	Grevillea alpivaga	species
taxon rank	Dimeria is a genus of Asian, Australian, Madagascan, and Pacific Island plants in the grass family.	Dimeria	genus
taxon rank	Horkelia tridentata is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name threetooth horkelia.	Horkelia tridentata	species
taxon rank	Smilax hugeri, Huger's carrionflower, is a North American plant species native to the southeastern United States.	Smilax hugeri	species
taxon rank	Xinjiangtitan is an extinct genus of mamenchisaurid sauropod known from the Middle Jurassic Qigu Formation in Piqan County of Xinjiang, northwestern China.	Xinjiangtitan	genus
taxon rank	Hazeus is a genus of gobies native to the Red Sea, the Indian Ocean and the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	Hazeus	genus
taxon rank	Notochthamalus scabrosus, the only species in the genus Notochthamalus, is a species of barnacle found along the south-western and south-eastern coasts of South America, from Peru to the Falkland Islands.	Notochthamalus	genus
taxon rank	Zeuzerocossus cinereus is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Zeuzerocossus.	Zeuzerocossus cinereus	species
taxon rank	Hylarana milleti (Millet's frog or Dalat frog) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.	Hylarana milleti	species
taxon rank	Beris geniculata, the long-horned black legionnaire, is a European species of soldier fly.	Beris geniculata	species
taxon rank	Nicotiana acuminata is a species of wild tobacco known by the English common name manyflower tobacco.	Nicotiana acuminata	species
taxon rank	Tropisternus is a genus of hydrophilid beetles with 63 species in five subgenera in North and South America.	Tropisternus	genus
taxon rank	Palinurus barbarae is a species of spiny lobster described in 2006, which was found by fishermen working the waters above the Walters Shoals, a series of submerged mountains 700 kilometres (430 mi) south of Madagascar.	Palinurus barbarae	species
taxon rank	The type and only species, is Thalassiodracon hawkinsi Owen 1840.	Thalassiodracon	species
taxon rank	Oncidium pectorale is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).	Oncidium pectorale	species
taxon rank	Banksia sessilis var. cordata is a variety of Banksia sessilis (Parrot Bush), with unusually large leaves and flower heads.	Banksia sessilis var. cordata	variety
taxon rank	Lomatium congdonii, known by the common names Mariposa desertparsley and Congdon's lomatium, is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family .	Lomatium congdonii	species
taxon rank	Buddleja sterniana was a species sunk as Buddleja crispa by Leeuwenberg in 1979, and treated as such in the subsequent Flora of China.	Buddleja sterniana	species
taxon rank	The Seychelles scops owl (Otus insularis), also known as bare-legged scops owl or syer (in Creole) is a rare scops owl species, which only occurs in the Morne Seychellois National Park on the Seychelles island of Mahé.	Seychelles scops owl	species
taxon rank	Warrenisuchus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Queensland, Australia.	Warrenisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Philoria is a genus of frogs native to eastern and southern Australia.	Philoria	genus
taxon rank	Nuculida is an order of small saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks.	Nuculida	order
taxon rank	Leuciscus baicalensis, or the Siberian dace, is a freshwater species of cyprinid fish, found in Siberian rivers draining to the Arctic Ocean, from the Ob to the Kolyma in the east, as well as in Mongolia and in Ulungur Lake and Ulungur River in Xinjiang, China.	Leuciscus baicalensis	species
taxon rank	Cupitha purreea, commonly known as the Wax Dart, is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae and only species of the Cupitha genus.	Cupitha purreea	species
taxon rank	Aplysia vaccaria, also known as the black sea hare and California black sea hare, is a species of extremely large sea slug, a marine, opisthobranch, gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae.	Aplysia vaccaria	species
taxon rank	Lepidozia is a genus of liverwort in family Lepidoziaceae.	Lepidozia	genus
taxon rank	Lioprosopa haploa is a species of snout moth in the genus Lioprosopa.	Lioprosopa haploa	species
taxon rank	Platyscapa is a genus of 19 species of pollinating fig wasps found in Africa and Madagascar, Middle East, southern Asia and the Indo-Pacific islands.	Platyscapa	genus
taxon rank	Cryptosporidium muris is a species of coccidium, first isolated from the gastric glands of the common mouse.	Cryptosporidium muris	species
taxon rank	The Ceratocystidaceae are a family of fungi in the Sordariomycetes class, subclass Hypocreomycetidae.	Ceratocystidaceae	family
taxon rank	Araiostegia is a genus of twelve epiphytic or terrestrial ferns from tropical Asia belonging to the hares-foot fern family.	Araiostegia	genus
taxon rank	Lithodytes lineatus (Spanish: sapito listado) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.	Lithodytes lineatus	species
taxon rank	Tapeworms of the order Cyclophyllidea (the cyclophyllid cestodes) are the most important cestode parasites of humans and domesticated animals.	Cyclophyllidea	order
taxon rank	Amaryllis paradisicola is a species of bulbous perennial plant from South Africa.	Amaryllis paradisicola	species
taxon rank	Naraboryctes is an extinct genus of marsupial from early Miocene deposits of Boodjamulla National Park of Riversleigh area, northwestern Queensland, Australia.	Naraboryctes	genus
taxon rank	Symphodus is a genus of wrasses native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea.	Symphodus	genus
taxon rank	Libinia ferreirae is a species of tropical spider crab in the family Epialtidae.	Libinia ferreirae	species
taxon rank	There is one named species, Afrovenator abakensis.	Afrovenator	species
taxon rank	Neritina glabrata is a species of brackish water snail, a gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.	Neritina glabrata	species
taxon rank	Eucharis candida is a plant species native to Colombia, Ecuador and Peru but cultivated as an ornamental in many other regions.	Eucharis candida	species
taxon rank	Clytostoma elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Clytostoma.	Clytostoma elegans	species
taxon rank	Exarrhenodes flavosticticus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Exarrhenodes.	Exarrhenodes flavosticticus	species
taxon rank	Pseudelasma curticornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudelasma.	Pseudelasma curticornis	species
taxon rank	Labrisomus wigginsi, the Baja blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Pacific coast of Baja California.	Labrisomus wigginsi	species
taxon rank	Theosodon is an extinct genus of litoptern mammal from the early Miocene of South America.	Theosodon	genus
taxon rank	Bellastraea rutidoloma, common name the granular small star, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Bellastraea rutidoloma	species
taxon rank	Dysmachus trigonus, the fan-bristled robberfly, is a species of robber fly (family Asilidae).	Dysmachus trigonus	species
taxon rank	Thyrophorella thomensis is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Thyrophorellidae.	Thyrophorella thomensis	species
taxon rank	Tibia curta, common name the Indian tibia, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Tibia curta	species
taxon rank	Ephedra cutleri, the Navajo ephedra or Cutler's jointfir, is a species of Ephedra that is native to the Southwestern United States (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, Colorado, Nevada, Wyoming).	Ephedra cutleri	species
taxon rank	Begonia incarnata is a species of plant in the family Begoniaceae, native to Brazil.	Begonia incarnata	species
taxon rank	Melaleuca pustulata is sometimes confused with Melaleuca ericifolia which also occurs naturally in Tasmania, however the leaves of that species lack the raised oil glands of M. pustulata and the outer surface of its flower cup (hypanthium) is hairy.	Melaleuca pustulata	species
taxon rank	Amphiesma parallelum, commonly known as the Yunnan keelback, is a species of natricine snake which is endemic to Asia.	Amphiesma parallelum	species
taxon rank	Deinandra pentactis , called Salinas River tarweed, is a North American species of plants in the tarweed tribe within the (sunflower family).	Deinandra pentactis	species
taxon rank	Miuroglanis platycephalus is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae, and the only species of the genus Miuroglanis.	Miuroglanis platycephalus	species
taxon rank	Stenostiridae, or the fairy flycatchers, are a family of small passerine birds proposed as a result of recent discoveries in molecular systematics.	Stenostiridae	family
taxon rank	Prosthechea is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae).	Prosthechea	genus
taxon rank	Ceramium is a genus of red algae in the Rhodophyta.	Ceramium	genus
taxon rank	Hydrophis brookii is a species of venomous sea snake.	Hydrophis brooki	species
taxon rank	The Anthocoridae are a family of bugs, commonly called minute pirate bugs or flower bugs.	Anthocoridae	family
taxon rank	Eriogonum plumatella is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name yucca buckwheat.	Eriogonum plumatella	species
taxon rank	Juncus trifidus is a species of rush known by the common names highland rush and three-leaved rush.	Juncus trifidus	species
taxon rank	Triacanthidae, commonly known as triplespines or tripodfishes, is a family of Indo-Pacific fishes.	Triacanthidae	family
taxon rank	Pristimantis lemur (in Spanish: rana picuda) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Pristimantis lemur	species
taxon rank	Stenoponia americana is a species of large flea in the family Hystrichopsyllidae.	Stenoponia americana	species
taxon rank	Benthophilus grimmi is a species of goby widespread in the northern Caspian Sea at depth 80 to 240 metres (260 to 790 ft).	Benthophilus grimmi	species
taxon rank	Oxyrhopus melanogenys, commonly known as Tschudi's false coral snake, is a colubrid snake species found in the northern part of South America.	Oxyrhopus melanogenys	species
taxon rank	Omobranchus fasciolatoceps is a species of combtooth blenny found in the northwest Pacific ocean, around southern Japan and China.	Omobranchus fasciolatoceps	species
taxon rank	Bolma pseudobathyraphis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Bolma pseudobathyraphis	species
taxon rank	The genus Sarcochilus, abbreviated as Sarco.	Sarcochilus	genus
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus zeylanicus, commonly known as හොර - Hora in Sinhalese and සරල - Sarala or කිරිපලු - Kiripalu in Sanskrit, is a species of Dipterocarpus that is endemic to Sri Lanka.	Dipterocarpus zeylanicus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Didymocistus chrysadenius, native to the Loreto region of northeastern Peru, the Amazonas Department of southeastern Colombia, and the State of Amazonas in northwestern Brazil.	Didymocistus	species
taxon rank	The Campo oriole or Campo troupial (Icterus jamacaii) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae.	Campo troupial	species
taxon rank	Compsomantis tumidiceps is a species of praying mantis found in Java, Lombok, the Philippine Islands, Sumatra, Sumba, and Timor.	Compsomantis tumidiceps	species
taxon rank	Alsodes monticola (common name: island spiny-chest frog) is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family.	Alsodes monticola	species
taxon rank	Archontophoenicinae is a botanical subtribe consisting of four genera of palms, namely Archontophoenix from Queensland and New South Wales and Actinokentia, Chambeyronia and Kentiopsis from New Caledonia.	Archontophoenicinae	subtribe
taxon rank	Gilia aliquanta is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name puffcalyx gilia.	Gilia aliquanta	species
taxon rank	Sphenophorus abbreviatus is a true weevil species in the genus Sphenophorus.	Sphenophorus abbreviatus	species
taxon rank	Myosotis latifolia is a species of forget-me-not known by the common name broadleaf forget-me-not.	Myosotis latifolia	species
taxon rank	Heteroclinus eckloniae, the Kelp weedfish, is a species of clinid native to the Indo-Pacific waters of the southern coast of Australia where it can be found in kelp and algal reefs.	Heteroclinus eckloniae	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces hainanensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in from the island Hainan in China.	Streptomyces hainanensis	species
taxon rank	Neolitsea sericea is a species of a medium-sized evergreen tree up to 10 m (33 ft) tall in the Lauraceae family.	Neolitsea sericea	species
taxon rank	Amblyodipsas dimidiata, or the Mpwapwa purple-glossed snake, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Amblyodipsas dimidiata	species
taxon rank	Cambaroides wladiwostokensis is a species of crayfish endemic to Primorsky Krai.	Cambaroides wladiwostokensis	species
taxon rank	Pentanema is a genus of Asian and African plants in the elecampane tribe within the sunflower family.	Pentanema	genus
taxon rank	Angraecum podochiloides is a species of comet orchid that can be found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Liberia and Nigeria.	Angraecum podochiloides	species
taxon rank	The Craugastoridae, or fleshbelly frogs, are a family of New World direct-developing frogs.	Craugastoridae	family
taxon rank	Aconopteroides laevipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Aconopteroides.	Aconopteroides laevipennis	species
taxon rank	Cryptosporidium is a genus of apicomplexan protozoans that can cause a respiratory and gastrointestinal illness (cryptosporidiosis) that primarily involves watery diarrhea (intestinal cryptosporidiosis) with or without a persistent cough (respiratory cryptosporidiosis) in both immunocompetent and immunodeficient humans.	Cryptosporidium	genus
taxon rank	Argoctenus is a genus of spider from the Miturgidae family.	Argoctenus	genus
taxon rank	Pareuxesta academica is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pareuxesta of the family Ulidiidae.	Pareuxesta academica	species
taxon rank	Ulva acanthophora is a species of benthic subtropical seaweed in Ulvaceae family that can be found in Baja, California and Mexico.	Ulva acanthophora	species
taxon rank	Thenaria is an infraorder of cnidarian anthozoans of the suborder Nyantheae, order Actiniaria.	Thenaria	infraorder
taxon rank	Micromastra isoldalis is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Micromastra.	Micromastra isoldalis	species
taxon rank	Eutrombicula splendens is a species of chigger.	Eutrombicula splendens	species
taxon rank	Austroponera is a ponerine genus of ants found in Australia and New Zealand.	Austroponera	genus
taxon rank	Picea breweriana, known as Brewer spruce, Brewer's weeping spruce, or weeping spruce, is a species of spruce native to western North America, where it is one of the rarest on the continent, endemic to the Klamath Mountains of southwest Oregon and northwest California.	Picea breweriana	species
taxon rank	Pseuderanthemum reticulatum, common names Yellow-Vein Eranthemum and Golden Pseuderanthemum , is a species of evergreen shrub in the Acanthaceae family.	Pseuderanthemum reticulatum	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus parvifolius is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name littleleaf ceanothus.	Ceanothus parvifolius	species
taxon rank	Masdevallia tovarensis is a species of orchid endemic to northern Venezuela.	Masdevallia tovarensis	species
taxon rank	Logania is a genus of plants belonging to the family Loganiaceae.	Logania	genus
taxon rank	Randia portoricensis, known commonly as the Puerto Rico Indigoberry, is a species of shrub in the family Rubiaceae.	Randia portoricensis	species
taxon rank	Monodilepas monilifera cookiana is a subspecies of small sea snail, a keyhole limpet, a subspecies of marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Monodilepas monilifera cookiana	subspecies
taxon rank	Diptychus is a genus of cyprinid fish, consisting of two Asian species.	Diptychus	genus
taxon rank	Thelypodium crispum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name crisped thelypody.	Thelypodium crispum	species
taxon rank	Streptaxidae is a taxonomic family of carnivorous air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Stylommatophora.	Streptaxidae	family
taxon rank	Lioptilodes parafuscicostatus is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes, known from Ecuador and possibly Peru.	Lioptilodes parafuscicostatus	species
taxon rank	Turbo reevei, common name the Reeve's turban, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo reevei	species
taxon rank	Senecio hydrophiloides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names tall groundsel and sweet marsh ragwort.	Senecio hydrophiloides	species
taxon rank	Emblemaria vitta, the Ribbon blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Navassa Island, in the western central Atlantic ocean.	Emblemaria vitta	species
taxon rank	Turbo cailletii, common name the filose turban, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Turbo cailletii	species
taxon rank	Omus dejeani is a species of flightless tiger beetle (Cicindelidae) that is found from British Columbia almost to northern California in dense, coastal forests.	Omus dejeani	species
taxon rank	Neotinea tridentata (three-toothed orchid) is a species of orchid found in southern Europe from Spain to Turkey and Lebanon; northwards to the Crimea, Poland and Germany.	Neotinea tridentata	species
taxon rank	Ephedra breana (frutilla de campo, pingo-pingo) is a species of Ephedra growing from northwest Argentina through to Chile and Bolivia.	Ephedra breana	species
taxon rank	Antimargarita is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Margaritidae.	Antimargarita	genus
taxon rank	Alidopsis latefasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Alidopsis.	Alidopsis latefasciatus	species
taxon rank	Allium rotundum, common name round-headed leek or purple-flowered garlic, is a Eurasian and North African species of wild onion.	Allium rotundum	species
taxon rank	Myrmica bibikoffi is a species of ant that can be found in Germany, and Switzerland.	Myrmica bibikoffi	species
taxon rank	Eolepidopterix is an extinct genus of moths within the family Eolepidopterigidae, containing one species, Eolepidopterix jurassica, which is known from Russia.	Eolepidopterix	species
taxon rank	Yochelcionella is an extinct genus of basal molluscs which lived during the Tommotian epoch, the first epoch of the Cambrian period.	Yochelcionella	genus
taxon rank	It is the only species in the genus Guatemalteca.	Guatemalteca	genus
taxon rank	Xixiasaurus is a genus of extinct troodontid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of modern-day China.	Xixiasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Cymatium lotorium, common name Black-spotted or Washing Bath Triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a tropical marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae, the tritons.	Cymatium lotorium	species
taxon rank	Trypauchenichthys is a genus of gobies native to fresh, brackish and marine waters along the Indian Ocean and Pacific coasts of Asia.	Trypauchenichthys	genus
taxon rank	Tetrazygia bicolor (Pronunciation: tet-truh-ZIG-ee-uh BI-cull-ler) is a species flowering plant in the glory bush family, Melastomataceae, that is native to southern Florida in the United States and the Caribbean.	Tetrazygia bicolor	species
taxon rank	Inermocoelotes paramicrolepidus is a funnel-web spider species found in Greece.	Inermocoelotes paramicrolepidus	species
taxon rank	Paragonimus westermani is the major species of lung fluke to infects humans, causing paragonimiasis.	Paragonimus westermani	species
taxon rank	The Majagua (Hampea reynae) is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.	Hampea reynae	species
taxon rank	Handleyomys is a genus of Central and South American rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae.	Handleyomys	genus
taxon rank	Panulirus longipes, the longlegged spiny lobster, is a species of spiny lobster that lives on shallow rocky and coral reefs in the tropical Indo-Pacific region.	Panulirus longipes	species
taxon rank	Anthemis carpatica (Snow Carpet) is a species of the genus Anthemis and in the Asteraceae family.	Anthemis carpatica	species
taxon rank	Cyathea brownii, commonly known as the Norfolk tree fern or smooth tree fern, is probably the largest tree fern species in the world.	Cyathea brownii	species
taxon rank	Megacephala regalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Boherman in 1848.	Megacephala regalis	species
taxon rank	Nebria coiffaiti is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.	Nebria coiffaiti	species
taxon rank	Sapphirina, also called the sea sapphires, is a genus of parasitic copepod, containing the following species:	Sapphirina	genus
taxon rank	Hexagenia bilineata is a species of mayfly in the family Ephemeridae.	Hexagenia bilineata	species
taxon rank	Rhizanthes is a genus of 4 species of parasitic flowering plants without leaves, stems, roots, or photosynthetic tissue.	Rhizanthes	genus
taxon rank	Carex petasata is a species of sedge known by the common name Liddon sedge.	Carex petasata	species
taxon rank	Cleome maculata is a species of cleome that is native to southern Africa, where it occurs in sandy soils, especially in rocky habitats, and on slopes.	Cleome maculata	species
taxon rank	Phyllococcus oahuensis was a species of mealybug in the family Pseudococcidae, and the only species in the genus Phyllococcus.	Phyllococcus oahuensis	species
taxon rank	The Colombian small-eared shrew (Cryptotis colombiana) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Colombian small-eared shrew	species
taxon rank	Anthocharis cardamines phoenissa is a subspecies of Orange Tip butterfly found mostly in the Middle East.	Anthocharis cardamines phoenissa	subspecies
taxon rank	Geastrum rufescens, commonly known as the rosy earthstar, is a species of fungus in the family Geastraceae.	Geastrum rufescens	species
taxon rank	Ristella guentheri, commonly known as Günther's Ristella, is a species of skink endemic to India.	Ristella guentheri	species
taxon rank	Eleocharis parishii is a species of spikesedge known by the common name Parish's spikerush.	Eleocharis parishii	species
taxon rank	Pristichampsidae is an extinct family of crocodilians that lived in Europe, Asia, and North America during the Paleogene.	Pristichampsidae	family
taxon rank	Astragalus bolanderi is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Bolander's milkvetch.	Astragalus bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Taphrognathus is an extinct genus of conodont named in 1941.	Taphrognathus	genus
taxon rank	Lysimachia clethroides, common name gooseneck loosestrife, is a species of flowering plant, traditionally classified in the family Primulaceae.	Lysimachia clethroides	species
taxon rank	Thelypodium eucosmum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names arrow-leaf thelypody and world thelypody.	Thelypodium eucosmum	species
taxon rank	Bacillus horti is a species of Gram-negative alkaliphilic bacillus.	Bacillus horti	species
taxon rank	Farlowella altocorpus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Bolivia where it occurs in the Coroico River.	Farlowella altocorpus	species
taxon rank	The Alteromonadales are an order of Proteobacteria.	Alteromonadales	order
taxon rank	Capsicum chinense, commonly known as ``yellow lantern chili'', is a species of chili pepper native to the Americas.	Capsicum chinense	species
taxon rank	Aequatorium repandiforme is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is found only in Ecuador.	Aequatorium repandiforme	species
taxon rank	Tripsacum laxum, the Guatemalan gamagrass, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family.	Tripsacum laxum	species
taxon rank	Desulfovibrio vulgaris is a species of Gram-negative sulfate-reducing bacteria in the Desulfovibrionaceae family.	Desulfovibrio vulgaris	species
taxon rank	Penstemon clutei is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Sunset Crater beardtongue.	Penstemon clutei	species
taxon rank	Bursatella leachii, common name the ragged sea hare or shaggy sea hare, is a species of large sea slug or sea hare, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares.	Bursatella leachii	species
taxon rank	Apistogramma eremnopyge is a species of cichlid.	Apistogramma eremnopyge	species
taxon rank	Paramonacanthus is a genus of filefishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Paramonacanthus	genus
taxon rank	The Lavasoa dwarf lemur (Cheirogaleus lavasoensis) is a small, nocturnal strepsirrhine primate and a species of lemur that is endemic to three small, isolated patches of forest on the southern slopes of the Lavasoa Mountains in southern Madagascar.	Lavasoa dwarf lemur	species
taxon rank	Conus excelsus, common name the excelsior cone or the illustrious cone, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails.	Conus excelsus	species
taxon rank	Manidens is a genus of heterodontosaurid dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of Patagonia.	Manidens	genus
taxon rank	Hyloxalus whymperi, sometimes known as the Tanti rocket frog, is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	Hyloxalus whymperi	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops bicolor, or the two-colored blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops bicolor	species
taxon rank	Abralia is a genus of squid comprising around 20 species.	Abralia	genus
taxon rank	Psidium friedrichsthalianum, the Costa Rican guava or cas, is a species of guava found mostly in Costa Rica but also grown in Guatemala, Nicaragua and other Central American countries.	Psidium friedrichsthalianum	species
taxon rank	Squilla mantis is a species of mantis shrimp found in shallow coastal areas of the Mediterranean Sea and the Eastern Atlantic Ocean.	Squilla mantis	species
taxon rank	Munnozia is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae.	Munnozia	genus
taxon rank	Conraua crassipes is a species of frog in the Conrauidae family found in Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Nigeria, and possibly Angola and the Central African Republic.	Conraua crassipes	species
taxon rank	The genus contains only one species, Cladarctia quadriramosa, which is found in Tibet, Nepal, Kashmir and the northwestern Himalayas.	Cladarctia	species
taxon rank	Rhus lanceolata, the prairie sumac, is a plant species native to Texas, Oklahoma, Arizona, New Mexico, Coahuila, Nuevo León and Tamaulipas.	Rhus lanceolata	species
taxon rank	Trichogaster is a genus of gouramis native to South Asia from Pakistan to Myanmar.	Trichogaster	genus
taxon rank	Pellona ditchela, called the Indian pellona, ditchelee and the toothed shad, is a species of longfin herring native to the coasts, mangrove swamps, and estuaries of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific, generally in tropical waters.	Pellona ditchela	species
taxon rank	Platydoras cataphractus also known as the Spiny catfish is a species of thorny catfish found in rivers of Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, and Suriname.	Spiny catfish	species
taxon rank	The Zeidae (named after Zeus, the supreme god of Greek mythology) are a family of large, showy, deep-bodied zeiform marine fish--the ``true dories''.	Zeidae	family
taxon rank	Magnapaulia is a genus of herbivorous lambeosaurine dinosaur known from the Latest Cretaceous Baja California, of northwestern Mexico.	Magnapaulia	genus
taxon rank	Nebria cordicollis praegensis is a subspecies of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Seehalde, Germany.	Nebria cordicollis praegensis	subspecies
taxon rank	Oioceros is an extinct genus of spiral-horned antelope from the late Miocene.	Oioceros	genus
taxon rank	Epilasia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Epilasia	genus
taxon rank	Nannophryne variegata, known also as the Eden Harbour toad or Patagonian toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Nannophryne variegata	species
taxon rank	Etheostoma osburni, the candy darter or finescale saddled darter, is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States where they are only known from the Kanawha River system in the states of Virginia and West Virginia.	Etheostoma osburni	species
taxon rank	Arctoperlaria is a suborder of stoneflies.	Arctoperlaria	suborder
taxon rank	Acleistorhinus is an extinct genus of parareptile known from the Early Permian (middle Kungurian stage) of Oklahoma.	Acleistorhinus	genus
taxon rank	Acteniopsis is a genus of snout moths in the subfamily Pyralinae.	Acteniopsis	genus
taxon rank	Hydra oligactis, also known as the brown hydra, is a species of hydra found widely dispersed in the northern temperate zone.	Hydra oligactis	species
taxon rank	Pleurothallis cordata is a species of orchid occurring from western South America to Venezuela.	Pleurothallis cordata	species
taxon rank	The Anisakidae are a family of intestinal roundworms.	Anisakidae	family
taxon rank	Piliranova pilipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Piliranova.	Piliranova pilipes	species
taxon rank	Indigofera tinctoria, also called true indigo, is a species of plant from the bean family that was one of the original sources of indigo dye.	Indigofera tinctoria	species
taxon rank	Calotomus carolinus, commonly known as Carolines parrotfish, is a species of parrotfish.	Calotomus carolinus	species
taxon rank	Rhinoviruses is a genus within the Picornaviridae family of viruses.	Rhinovirus	genus
taxon rank	Euphlyctis ghoshi (Manipur frog, Ghosh's frog) is a species of frog found in Manipur, India.	Euphlyctis ghoshi	species
taxon rank	Acanthiza is a genus of passeriform birds, mostly found in Australia but with one species (A. murina) restricted to New Guinea.	Acanthiza	genus
taxon rank	Donatia novae-zelandiae is a species of cushion plant in the family Donatiaceae and is closely related to species in the family Stylidiaceae.	Donatia novae-zelandiae	species
taxon rank	Phymosoma is an extinct genus of echinoid that lived from the Cretaceous to the Eocene.	Phymosoma	genus
taxon rank	Sebastolobus is a genus of rockfishes native to the northern and eastern Pacific Ocean.	Sebastolobus	genus
taxon rank	Parasudis is a genus of greeneyes found in the Atlantic Ocean, with these recognized species:	Parasudis	genus
taxon rank	Nyctibatrachus kumbara, common name Kumbara night frog, is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family endemic to the Western Ghats of India.	Nyctibatrachus kumbara	species
taxon rank	Kurtziella cerina is a species of small, predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.	Kurtziella cerina	species
taxon rank	Polystachya concreta, the greater yellowspike orchid, is a species of orchid native to tropical and subtropical America, Africa and Asia.	Polystachya concreta	species
taxon rank	Heliobolus lugubris, also known as the bushveld lizard, is a species of lizard in the genus Heliobolus native to southern Africa.	Heliobolus lugubris	species
taxon rank	Prionurus is a genus of surgeonfishes found mostly in the Pacific Ocean with one species, P. biafraensis, native to the Atlantic Ocean.	Prionurus	genus
taxon rank	Tilia tomentosa, known as silver linden in the US and silver lime in the UK, is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae, native to southeastern Europe and southwestern Asia, from Hungary and the Balkans east to western Turkey, occurring at moderate altitudes.	Tilia tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Salvethymus svetovidovi, also called the long-finned charr, is a species of salmonid fish.	Salvethymus svetovidovi	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Geosiphon pyriformis, first described by Kützing in 1849 as Botrydium pyriforme.	Geosiphon	species
taxon rank	The Diomedeoididae are a prehistoric family of seabirds.	Diomedeoididae	family
taxon rank	Quercus lusitanica, commonly known as Gall Oak, Lusitanian Oak, or Dyer's Oak, is a species of oak native to Morocco, Portugal, and Spain.	Quercus lusitanica	species
taxon rank	Lepidobero sinensis is a species of freshwater sculpin endemic to China.	Lepidobero sinensis	species
taxon rank	Cychrus yulongxuicus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that is endemic to the Sichuan province of China.	Cychrus yulongxuicus	species
taxon rank	Elaphostrongylus is a genus of parasitic nematodes in the family Protostrongylidae.	Elaphostrongylus	genus
taxon rank	Odorrana margaretae (common names: Margareta's frog, Margaret frog, green odorous frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Odorrana margaretae	species
taxon rank	Heteropholis is a genus of African and Sri Lankan plants in the grass family.	Heteropholis	genus
taxon rank	Oecomys superans, also known as the large oecomys or foothill arboreal rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae.	Oecomys superans	species
taxon rank	Acidaspis is an extinct genus of Odontopleurid trilobite from the Silurian of North America and Europe.	Acidaspis	genus
taxon rank	Stifftia is a genus of South American trees in the mutisia tribe within the daisy family.	Stifftia	genus
taxon rank	Griffiniella heterogamia is a species of cockroach described by Heinrich Hugo Karny in 1908.	Griffiniella heterogamia	species
taxon rank	Anthericum liliago (St Bernard's lily) is a species of the genus Anthericum in the family Asparagaceae.	Anthericum liliago	species
taxon rank	Monolene is a genus of small, mainly deepwater lefteye flounders from the Atlantic and East Pacific.	Monolene	genus
taxon rank	Calamobius filum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Calamobius.	Calamobius filum	species
taxon rank	Calandrinia is a plant genus that contains many species of purslane, including the redmaids.	Calandrinia	genus
taxon rank	Cephalobarus macrocephalus is only species in the monotypic genus Cephalobarus of straight-snouted weevils belonging to the family Brentidae.	Cephalobarus macrocephalus	species
taxon rank	Micropterix aureopennella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1986, and is known from Algeria.	Micropterix aureopennella	species
taxon rank	Members of the family Narkidae are commonly known as sleeper rays.	Narkidae	family
taxon rank	Brickellia brachyphylla (plumed brickellbush or Hinckley's brickellbush) is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Brickellia brachyphylla	species
taxon rank	Juniperus lutchuensis (Ryukyu Islands juniper; Japanese: オキナワハイネズ Okinawa-hainezu; syn. Juniperus taxifolia var. lutchuensis (Koidz.) Satake) is a species of juniper, native to the Ryukyu Islands, Izu Ōshima and the adjacent coast of Shizuoka Prefecture in Japan.	Juniperus lutchuensis	species
taxon rank	Lamida buruensis is a species of snout moth in the genus Lamida.	Lamida buruensis	species
taxon rank	Doxander vittatus, common name the vitate conch, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Doxander vittatus	species
taxon rank	Callochromis is a genus of cichlids native to shallow, sandy bottom areas of Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.	Callochromis	genus
taxon rank	Sinopanorpa is a genus of scorpionflies.	Sinopanorpa	genus
taxon rank	Araxoceratidae is an extinct family of ceratitid ammonite cephalopods that were found throughout the world.	Araxoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Amitermes is a genus of termites in the family Termitidae.	Amitermes	genus
taxon rank	Isotelus is a genus of asaphid trilobite from the middle and upper Ordovician period, fairly common in the Northeastern United States, northwest Manitoba, southwestern Quebec and southeastern Ontario.	Isotelus	genus
taxon rank	Cistus albidus, the grey-leaved cistus, is a shrubby species of flowering plant in the family Cistaceae, with pink to purple flowers, native to south-western Europe and western north Africa.	Cistus albidus	species
taxon rank	Nebria coreica is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in North Korea and Russia.	Nebria coreica	species
taxon rank	In 2007, all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele; hence its current name is Banksia bipinnatifida (R.Br.)	Banksia bipinnatifida	species
taxon rank	Helogenes uruyensis is a species of whale catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Uruyén River basin.	Helogenes uruyensis	species
taxon rank	Meristogenys is a genus of true frogs from Borneo.	Meristogenys	genus
taxon rank	Opisthorchiata is a suborder of flatworms in the subclass Digenea.	Opisthorchiata	suborder
taxon rank	Aethes sonorae, the streaked aethes moth, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Aethes sonorae	species
taxon rank	Heptathela is a genus of spiders that includes the Kimura-gumo.	Heptathela	genus
taxon rank	Trillium cernuum (nodding trillium, nodding wakerobin, or whip-poor-will flower) is a species of Trillium native to northeastern North America, from Newfoundland west to southern Saskatchewan, and south to northern Virginia and Iowa.	Trillium cernuum	species
taxon rank	Aracamunia liesneri, collected by R. Liesner and F. Delascia in 1987, is the sole species in the orchid genus Aracamunia.	Aracamunia	genus
taxon rank	Phacelia eisenii is a species of phacelia known by the common name Eisen's phacelia.	Phacelia eisenii	species
taxon rank	The Sulawesi bear cuscus or Sulawesi bear phalanger (Ailurops ursinus) is a species of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae.	Sulawesi bear cuscus	species
taxon rank	Kostermanthus malayus is a species of plant in the family Chrysobalanaceae.	Kostermanthus malayus	species
taxon rank	Carpopenaeus is an extinct genus of prawn, which existed during the Upper Jurassic and Cretaceous periods.	Carpopenaeus	genus
taxon rank	Liolaemus schroederi (Schroeder's tree iguana) is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Liolaemus schroederi	species
taxon rank	Anapistula seychellensis is a species of araneomorph spider that is endemic to the islands of Silhouette, Praslin and Curieuse in the Seychelles.	Anapistula seychellensis	species
taxon rank	Pteroplax ( meaning finned tablet) is an extinct genus of Reptiliomorpha.	Pteroplax	genus
taxon rank	Macropinna microstoma is the only species of fish in the genus Macropinna, belonging to the Opisthoproctidae, the barreleye family.	Macropinna microstoma	species
taxon rank	Callisia graminea, called the grassleaf roseling, is a plant species native to the southeastern United States.	Callisia graminea	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Antimanoa grisleae.	Antimanoa	species
taxon rank	Aythya is a genus of diving ducks.	Aythya	genus
taxon rank	Elysia subornata is a species of small sea slug, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae.	Elysia subornata	species
taxon rank	Prostoma is a genus of freshwater nemerteans, containing the following species:	Prostoma	genus
taxon rank	Funastrum is a genus of flowering plant now in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae, formerly in Asclepiadaceae.	Funastrum	genus
taxon rank	Packera tomentosa is a species of flowering plant in the composite family known by the common name woolly ragwort.	Packera tomentosa	species
taxon rank	The Vibrionaceae are a family of Proteobacteria given their own order.	Vibrionaceae	family
taxon rank	Sinraptor is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Late Jurassic.	Sinraptor	genus
taxon rank	Phrealcia eximiella is a species of moth of the Ypsolophidae family.	Phrealcia eximiella	species
taxon rank	Veitchia joannis, or the Joannis Palm, is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.	Veitchia joannis	species
taxon rank	Thoatherium (meaning ``active swift-beast'') is an extinct genus of litoptern mammal from the early Miocene of 20 Ma.	Thoatherium	genus
taxon rank	Oblivia is a genus of flowering plant in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family.	Oblivia	genus
taxon rank	Trechus bowlingi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Trechinae.	Trechus bowlingi	species
taxon rank	Seleucia pectinella is a species of snout moth in the genus Seleucia.	Seleucia pectinella	species
taxon rank	Cottoclinus canops is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Galapagos Islands.	Cottoclinus canops	species
taxon rank	Lithacodia blandula is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family.	Lithacodia blandula	species
taxon rank	Nannoplecostomus eleonorae is a species of armored catfish known only from the upper Rio Tocantins basin in the Brazilian state of Goiás.	Nannoplecostomus eleonorae	species
taxon rank	Blennophis striatus, the Striped klipfish, is a species of clinid found in the subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean from Saldanha Bay to East London, South Africa where it can be found in the subtidal zone as well as inhabiting tidepools.	Blennophis striatus	species
taxon rank	Nebria fallaciosa farkaci is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Shanxi province of China.	Nebria fallaciosa farkaci	subspecies
taxon rank	Acontias gracilicauda, the slendertail lance skink, is a species of skink found in the Republic of South Africa.	Acontias gracilicauda	species
taxon rank	Westergaardodina is a species-rich genus of spine, U or W-shaped paraconodont known from Middle Cambrian to Ordovician strata.	Westergaardodina	genus
taxon rank	Baris grossacavis is a species of extinct beetle in the genus Baris of the family Curculionidae.	Baris grossacavis	species
taxon rank	Hemibrycon sanjuanensis is a species of characin from the upper San Juan River, Colombia.	Hemibrycon sanjuanensis	species
taxon rank	Sphagneticola calendulacea is a flowering plant species in the genus Sphagneticola.	Sphagneticola calendulacea	species
taxon rank	Senecio aronicoides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name rayless ragwort.	Senecio aronicoides	species
taxon rank	Mentzelia leucophylla, known by the common name Ash Meadows blazingstar, is a rare species of flowering plant in the Loasaceae.	Mentzelia leucophylla	species
taxon rank	The spider genus Micrathena contains more than a hundred species, most of them Neotropical woodland orb-weavers.	Micrathena	genus
taxon rank	Rivomarginella electrum is a species of freshwater snail, gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Rivomarginella electrum	species
taxon rank	Conus neptunus, common name the Neptune cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus neptunus	species
taxon rank	Holconia immanis, commonly known as the Sydney huntsman spider, is a species of huntsman spider found in eastern Australia.	Holconia immanis	species
taxon rank	Pocillopora damicornis, the cauliflower coral, is a species of stony coral in the family Pocilloporidae.	Pocillopora damicornis	species
taxon rank	Allobates olfersioides (common name: Rio rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Allobates olfersioides	species
taxon rank	Schistidium antarctici is a species of moss found in Antarctica.	Schistidium antarctici	species
taxon rank	Eosinopteryx is an extinct genus of avialan theropod dinosaurs known the late Jurassic period of China.	Eosinopteryx	genus
taxon rank	Megaleptictis (meaning ``large Leptictis'') is an extinct genus of large insectivore mammal from Late Paleogene (latest Eocene (Chadronian NALMA), but may be earliest Oligocene (Orellan NALMA)) deposits of Custer County, South Dakota.	Megaleptictis	genus
taxon rank	Amblyodipsas katangensis, or the Katanga purple-glossed snake, is a species of venomous	Amblyodipsas katangensis	species
taxon rank	Futabasaurus is a genus of plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Fukushima, Japan.	Futabasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Geobatrachus walkeri (Walker's Sierra frog) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family, of the monotypic genus Geobatrachus.	Geobatrachus walkeri	species
taxon rank	Simpsonichthys santanae is a species of rivuline fish native to the Paraná River basin in South America.	Simpsonichthys santanae	species
taxon rank	Taningia danae, the Dana octopus squid, is a species of squid in the family Octopoteuthidae.	Taningia danae	species
taxon rank	Blastocladia is a genus of aquatic fungi.	Blastocladia	genus
taxon rank	Rhinorex is a genus of kritosaurin hadrosaur from the Late Cretaceous Neslen Formation, in central Utah.	Rhinorex	genus
taxon rank	Paratylenchus is a genus of nematodes (round worms).	Paratylenchus	genus
taxon rank	Suillus spraguei is a species of fungus in the Suillaceae family.	Suillus spraguei	species
taxon rank	Metellina is a genus of tetragnathid spiders that occurs mostly in Eurasia, with two species found in North America.	Metellina	genus
taxon rank	Ectatomminae is a subfamily of ants in the poneromorph subfamilies group containing four extant and three extinct genera in two tribes.	Ectatomminae	subfamily
taxon rank	Platycarpha is a genus of South African plants dandelion subfamily within the daisy family.	Platycarpha	genus
taxon rank	Rhyssolobium is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1838.	Rhyssolobium	genus
taxon rank	Microchrysa is a genus of soldierfly belonging to the family Stratiomyidae.	Microchrysa	genus
taxon rank	Labrisomus albigenys, the Whitecheek blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to reefs of the Caribbean Sea.	Labrisomus albigenys	species
taxon rank	Coeloplana is a genus of Ctenophora.	Coeloplana	genus
taxon rank	Gagea chrysantha is a European species of plants in the lily family, found only in Italy.	Gagea chrysantha	species
taxon rank	Stawellia is a genus of herbs in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, first described as a genus in 1870.	Stawellia	genus
taxon rank	Ascochyta is a genus of ascomycete fungi, containing several species that are pathogenic to plants, particularly cereal crops.	Ascochyta	genus
taxon rank	Haludaria is a genus of cyprinids native to India.	Haludaria	genus
taxon rank	Trigonostemon is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae and the sole member of its tribe (Trigonostemoneae).	Trigonostemon	genus
taxon rank	Shonisaurus is a genus of ichthyosaur.	Shonisaurus	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Polyascomyces trichophyae.	Polyascomyces	species
taxon rank	Lasiognathus dinema is a species of wolftrap angler found in the deep waters of the northern Gulf of Mexico.	Lasiognathus dinema	species
taxon rank	Aristotle's catfish (Silurus aristotelis) is a species of fish in the Siluridae family.	Aristotle's catfish	species
taxon rank	Polyplacapros tyleri is a species of deepwater boxfish native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean where it is found near Australia, New Zealand and the sea mounts of the Norfolk Ridge at a depth of around 132 metres (433 ft).	Polyplacapros tyleri	species
taxon rank	Amietia desaegeri is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Amietia desaegeri	species
taxon rank	Pseudopataecus is a genus of velvetfishes endemic to the waters around Australia.	Pseudopataecus	genus
taxon rank	Salmea is a genus of plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family.	Salmea	genus
taxon rank	Elseya schultzei, commonly known as Schultze's snapping turtle, is a species of chelid turtle endemic to New Guinea and Indonesia.	Elseya schultzei	species
taxon rank	Kondoa kondorum is a species of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Zonitidae.	Kondoa kondorum	species
taxon rank	Maoricrypta costata, or the ribbed slipper shell, is a species of intertidal medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae.	Maoricrypta costata	species
taxon rank	Parachalcides is a genus of skinks.	Parachalcides	genus
taxon rank	Neoapachella is a genus of trapdoor spider in the family Euctenizidae comprising the sole species Neoapachella rothi, found in the U.S. states of Arizona and New Mexico.	Neoapachella	species
taxon rank	†Partula cedista was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula cedista	species
taxon rank	The Apteropanorpidae are a family of wingless scorpionflies containing a single genus, Apteropanorpa, with four named species.	Apteropanorpidae	family
taxon rank	Bentonyx (meaning ``Michael J. Bentons' claw'') is an extinct genus of rhynchosaur from the middle Triassic epoch of Devon in England.	Bentonyx	genus
taxon rank	Baphetoidea is a superfamily of early tetrapods.	Baphetoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Cirripectes alboapicalis is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific ocean.	Cirripectes alboapicalis	species
taxon rank	The Guaiquinima whitestart (Myioborus cardonai), also known as the saffron-breasted whitestart, is a species of bird in the Parulidae family.	Guaiquinima whitestart	species
taxon rank	Stephanocereus is genus of cactus from Brazil, related to Arrojadoa.	Stephanocereus	genus
taxon rank	Ageratina aromatica, also known as lesser snakeroot and small-leaved white snakeroot, is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Ageratina aromatica	species
taxon rank	Libellula cyanea, the spangled skimmer, is a species of dragonfly in the Libellula genus, native to the United States of America.	Libellula cyanea	species
taxon rank	Plagiobothrys shastensis is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Shasta popcornflower.	Plagiobothrys shastensis	species
taxon rank	Encephalartos laevifolius is a species of cycad that is found in KwaZulu-Natal, Limpopo Province, and Mpumalanga provinces of South Africa.	Encephalartos laevifolius	species
taxon rank	Micromeria is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae, widespread across Europe, Asia, Africa, and North America, with a center of diversity in the Mediterranean region and the Canary Islands.	Micromeria	genus
taxon rank	Cliomantis lateralis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Cliomantis in the order Mantodea.	Cliomantis lateralis	species
taxon rank	Agrostocrinum is a genus of herbs in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, first described by Ferdinand von Mueller as a genus in 1860.	Agrostocrinum	genus
taxon rank	Potamogeton richardsonii is a species of aquatic plant known by the common name Richardson's pondweed.	Potamogeton richardsonii	species
taxon rank	Crocidura grandiceps is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Crocidura grandiceps	species
taxon rank	Bruniales is a valid botanic name at the rank of order.	Bruniales	order
taxon rank	Siphonosphaera is a genus of Rhizaria, containing the following species:	Siphonosphaera	genus
taxon rank	Tsunyidiscus is a genus of eodiscinid agnostid trilobites.	Tsunyidiscus	genus
taxon rank	Sparrmanniaceae is a segregate plant family, containing plants which have more commonly been classified in Malvaceae or Tiliaceae.	Sparrmanniaceae	family
taxon rank	Pygidianops is a genus of pencil catfishes native to South America.	Pygidianops	genus
taxon rank	Ptychochromis oligacanthus is a species of cichlid endemic in fresh water habitats in the western part of the Antsiranana Province in Madagascar.	Ptychochromis oligacanthus	species
taxon rank	Wuttagoonaspidae is a family of primitive arthrodire placoderms from Early Devonian China and Middle Devonian Australia.	Wuttagoonaspidae	family
taxon rank	Peristernia forskalii, common name the Forsskal's whelk, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.	Peristernia forskalii	species
taxon rank	Ceratophyllum muricatum, commonly known as the prickly hornwort, is a species of Ceratophyllum native to much of Europe, Asia and Africa and been introduced elsewhere.	Ceratophyllum muricatum	species
taxon rank	Praomys coetzeei is a species of mouse in the family Muridae.	Praomys coetzeei	species
taxon rank	Pilot whales are cetaceans belonging to the genus Globicephala.	Pilot whale	genus
taxon rank	Cedrorum azoricus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Cedrorum.	Cedrorum azoricus	species
taxon rank	Alectryon ramiflorus is a species of endangered small seasonal rainforest trees, constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.	Alectryon ramiflorus	species
taxon rank	Lupinus sericeus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name silky lupine or Pursh's silky lupine.	Lupinus sericeus	species
taxon rank	Astrabe is a genus of gobies native to the marine waters around Japan.	Astrabe	genus
taxon rank	Dictyna latens is spider species found in Europe to Central Asia.	Dictyna latens	species
taxon rank	Polygonum cascadense is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name Cascade knotweed.	Polygonum cascadense	species
taxon rank	Micrognathus is a genus of pipefishes, with these currently recognized species:	Micrognathus	genus
taxon rank	Mesorhizobium loti, formerly known as Rhizobium loti, is a Gram negative species of bacteria found in the root nodules of many plant species.	Mesorhizobium loti	species
taxon rank	Santacruzodon is an extinct genus of synapsid which existed in Brazil during the Triassic period.	Santacruzodon	genus
taxon rank	Aulacaspis yasumatsui, or cycad aulacaspis scale (CAS), is a scale insect species in the genus Aulacaspis that feeds on cycad species such as Cycas revoluta or Dioon purpusii (Purpus' cycad).	Aulacaspis yasumatsui	species
taxon rank	Colchicum trigynum is a species of plants native to Turkey, Iran and the Caucasus, often grown as an ornamental plant outside its native range.	Colchicum trigynum	species
taxon rank	Acer pensylvanicum (striped maple, also known as moosewood and moose maple) is a small North American species of maple.	Acer pensylvanicum	species
taxon rank	Ceratotherium mauritanicum is a species of fossil African rhinoceros found in the Late Pliocene to earliest Holocene of Morocco, Tunisia, and Algeria.	Ceratotherium mauritanicum	species
taxon rank	Crataegus pycnoloba is a species of hawthorn native to the mountains of the northern and central Peloponnesus of Greece.	Crataegus pycnoloba	species
taxon rank	Apocynum venetum is a plant species in the dogbane family, poisonous but used as a source of fiber, medicine, and nectar for production of honey.	Apocynum venetum	species
taxon rank	Temnopleuridea is an infraorder of sea urchins in the order Camaradonta.	Temnopleuridea	order
taxon rank	Ophrys omegaifera, the Omega Bee-orchid, is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean region from Portugal and Morocco to Syria.	Ophrys omegaifera	species
taxon rank	Paraplatyptilia sabourini and Paraplatyptilia watkinsi are cryptic species differentiated by diagnostic characters in female genitalia.	Paraplatyptilia sabourini	species
taxon rank	Hemiphylacus is a genus of flowering plants endemic to Mexico.	Hemiphylacus	genus
taxon rank	Anostoma octodentatum, common name Brazilian up-mouth snail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae.	Anostoma octodentatum	species
taxon rank	Pterobrycon is a genus of characins found in Colombia and Costa Rica.	Pterobrycon	genus
taxon rank	The Two-flowered Bulbophyllum (Bulbophyllum biflorum) is a species of orchid.	Bulbophyllum biflorum	species
taxon rank	Allium bolanderi is a species of wild onion known by the common name Bolander's onion.	Allium bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Labordia pumila (Kauai labordia) is a rare species of flowering plant in the Loganiaceae family.	Labordia pumila	species
taxon rank	Lecanicillium lecanii is now an approved name of an entomopathogenic fungus species, that was previously widely known as Verticillium lecanii (Zimmerman) Viegas), but is now understood to be an anamorphic form in the Cordyceps group of genera in the Clavicipitaceae.	Lecanicillium lecanii	species
taxon rank	Pangasius pangasius, the Pangas catfish, is a species of shark catfish native to fresh and brackish waters of Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, and Pakistan.	Pangasius pangasius	species
taxon rank	Coprinellus micaceus is a common species of fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae with a cosmopolitan distribution.	Coprinellus micaceus	species
taxon rank	Cibotium regale, common name royal cibotium or royal Mexican tree fern, is a species of tropical tree fern belonging to the family Cibotiaceae.	Cibotium regale	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus weinlandi is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to eastern Hispaniola; it is found in the Dominican Republic and central Haiti.	Eleutherodactylus weinlandi	species
taxon rank	Cylindraspis is a genus of recently extinct giant tortoises.	Cylindraspis	genus
taxon rank	Xenobalistes tumidipectoris is a species of triggerfish found in the western central Pacific Ocean.	Xenobalistes tumidipectoris	species
taxon rank	Potentilla villosa is a species of flowering plant in the rose family, Rosaceae.	Potentilla villosa	species
taxon rank	Dictyoceratida is an order of sponges in the subclass Ceractinomorpha containing five families.	Dictyoceratida	order
taxon rank	Callionymus rivatoni is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean around New Caledonia.	Callionymus rivatoni	species
taxon rank	Lirularia acuticostata, common name the sharp-keeled lirularia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Lirularia acuticostata	species
taxon rank	Petersianthus quadrialatus (also called Toog and Philippine Rosewood) is a emergent tropical rainforest tree species in the Lecythidaceae family.	Petersianthus quadrialatus	species
taxon rank	Amphizoa sinica is a species of beetle in the Amphizoidae family.	Amphizoa sinica	species
taxon rank	Coenobita brevimanus is a species of land hermit crab native to the east coast of Africa and the south west Pacific Ocean.	Coenobita brevimanus	species
taxon rank	The genus name composed of the Greek μέγας (mega), meaning great, pharangos, meaning gully, and ἀσπίς (aspis) shield, referencing Big Gully on Kangaroo Island, the only known site where fossils of Megapharanaspis were collected.	Megapharanaspis	genus
taxon rank	Hymenocallis acutifolia is a plant species first described in 1826 with the name Hymenocallis littoralis var. acutifolia.	Hymenocallis acutifolia	species
taxon rank	Orcuttia inaequalis is a rare species of grass known by the common name San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass.	Orcuttia inaequalis	species
taxon rank	Clostridium cadaveris is usually considered non-pathogenic; unlike other species of Clostridium, it does not produce toxins.Clostridium cadaveris is found in soil, water, and is a normal component of the human intestinal tract.	Clostridium cadaveris	species
taxon rank	Dendropithecus is an extinct genus of apes native to East Africa between 20 and 15 million years ago.	Dendropithecus	genus
taxon rank	Lepanthes papillipetala is a species of orchid found from Mexico (Chiapas) to El Salvador.	Lepanthes papillipetala	species
taxon rank	Eopeachella is an extinct genus of trilobites, fossil marine arthropods, with species of probably small size (largest headshield (or cephalon) 1.1 centimetres or 0.43 inches long), entire, articulate specimens have not yet been found.	Eopeachella	genus
taxon rank	Clarias batu (sometimes known under the common name Tioman walking catfish) is a species of clariid catfish.	Clarias batu	species
taxon rank	Gigantodax is a genus of 68 species of black flies distributed along the Andes from Mexico to Tierra del Fuego in Argentina.	Gigantodax	genus
taxon rank	Carabus agnatus is a species of black or purple-coloured beetle from Carabidae family, that is can be found in Georgia and Russia.	Carabus agnatus	species
taxon rank	The Agathidinae are a subfamily of braconid parasitic wasps.	Agathidinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Dissosteira is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae found in North America.	Dissosteira	genus
taxon rank	Crocus versicolor is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae, found in southeast France, Monaco, and Northwestern Italy.	Crocus versicolor	species
taxon rank	The South Georgia shag is one of the blue-eyed shags, sometimes placed in the genera Leucocarbo, and a subspecies of the imperial shag.	South Georgia shag	subspecies
taxon rank	The Platystomatidae (signal flies) are a distinctive family of flies (Diptera).	Platystomatidae	family
taxon rank	The Cuban pewee or crescent-eyed pewee (Contopus caribaeus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Cuban pewee	species
taxon rank	Sonatsa is a genus of marine, mud-dwelling polychaete worms containing the sole species Sonatsa meridionalis.	Sonatsa	species
taxon rank	Cicadulina mbila, the maize leafhopper, is a leafhopper species in the genus Cicadulina.	Cicadulina mbila	species
taxon rank	Galerina sulciceps is a dangerously toxic species of fungus in the family Strophariaceae, of the order Agaricales.	Galerina sulciceps	species
taxon rank	Mahonia aquifolium (Oregon-grape or Oregon grape) is a species of flowering plant in the family Berberidaceae, native to western North America.	Mahonia aquifolium	species
taxon rank	Laemanctus is a genus of corytophanid lizards, commonly referred to as conehead lizards or casquehead iguanas, which are endemic to Central America.	Laemanctus	genus
taxon rank	Uncaria rhynchophylla (simplified Chinese: 钓钩藤; traditional Chinese: 釣鉤藤; pinyin: diào gōu téng; literally: ``fish hook vine'') or the cat's claw herb is a plant species used in traditional Chinese medicine.	Uncaria rhynchophylla	species
taxon rank	The secretive behavior of Abbott's duiker, along with its largely nocturnal habits and preference for dense vegetation, means little is known about the ecology and behavior of this species.	Abbott's duiker	species
taxon rank	Caldilinea aerophila is a species of filamentous thermophilic bacteria, and the type species of its genus.	Caldilinea aerophila	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia remyi (syn. Chamaesyce remyi) is a rare species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name Remy's sandmat.	Euphorbia remyi	species
taxon rank	Stagonosuchus is an extinct genus of rauisuchid rauisuchian.	Stagonosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Downingia montana is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Sierra calicoflower.	Downingia montana	species
taxon rank	Athous angulifrons is a species of click beetle from Elateridae family that is endemic to Kamnik--	Athous angulifrons	species
taxon rank	Propilidium reticulatum, common name the reticulate cocculina, is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Propilidium reticulatum	species
taxon rank	Aglaia spectabilis (Thai: ตาเสือใหญ่, Khmer bangkeou damrei) is a species of tree in the Meliaceae family.	Aglaia spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Chaenopsis megalops is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Colombia, in the western central Atlantic Ocean.	Chaenopsis megalops	species
taxon rank	Triviella ovulata, common name ``baby's toes'', is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triviidae, the trivias.	Triviella ovulata	species
taxon rank	Eumastacoidea is a superfamily within the order Orthoptera.	Eumastacoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Calliostoma formosense, common name the Formosa top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma formosense	species
taxon rank	Betula raddeana is a species of plant in the Betulaceae family.	Betula raddeana	species
taxon rank	Calliphora hilli is a blow fly species in the genus Calliphora.	Calliphora hilli	species
taxon rank	Pseudoniphargus grandimanus is a species of crustacean in family Hadziidae.	Pseudoniphargus grandimanus	species
taxon rank	Pachydactylus vansoni, commonly known as Van Son's thick-toed gecko, is a species of gecko, which is endemic to Southern Africa.	Pachydactylus vansoni	species
taxon rank	Dyckia milagrensis is a plant species of the genus Dyckia, native to Bahia, Brazil.	Dyckia milagrensis	species
taxon rank	Zoanthids (order Zoantharia also called Zoanthidea or Zoanthiniaria) are an order of cnidarians commonly found in coral reefs, the deep sea and many other marine environments around the world.	Zoantharia	order
taxon rank	Semicassis thomsoni is a species of large predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cassidae, the helmet shells and their allies.	Semicassis thomsoni	species
taxon rank	Argemone is a genus of flowering plants in the family Papaveraceae commonly known as prickly poppies.	Argemone	genus
taxon rank	Draba californica is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family, known as the California draba.	Draba californica	species
taxon rank	Papilio syfanius is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in China.	Papilio syfanius	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Atelophleps tridesma, which is found in Australia.	Atelophleps	species
taxon rank	Conyza ramosissima (dwarf horseweed) is a species of North American plants in the daisy family.	Conyza ramosissima	species
taxon rank	Geranium platypetalum, commonly called glandular crane's-bill or broad-petaled geranium, is a herbaceous plant species in the Geraniaceae family.	Geranium platypetalum	species
taxon rank	Some authors consider Noctua janthe and Noctua janthina to be the same species.	Noctua janthe	species
taxon rank	Chaetocladus capitatus is an extinct species of green algae in the genus Chaetocladus, which existed in what is now Cornwallis Island, Arctic Canada, during the Silurian period.	Chaetocladus capitatus	species
taxon rank	Kinosternoidea is a superfamily of aquatic turtles, which included two families:	Kinosternoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	The Merulinidae are a family of reef-building stony corals.	Merulinidae	family
taxon rank	Vologdinella is a genus of fossils that, while historically aligned to the cephalopods (family Volborthellidae), has since been removed from this group, The organism bears superficial resemblance to Salterella, although it is now thought to be a dasycladacean alga.	Vologdinella	genus
taxon rank	Suriana is a monotypic genus of flowering plants containing only Suriana maritima, which is commonly known as bay cedar.	Suriana	genus
taxon rank	The Lycoperdales are a now outdated order of fungi.	Lycoperdales	order
taxon rank	Hemilytoceras is a lytoceratin ammonite genus with round inner whorls, outer whorls becoming depressed and in some developing high lamellae (ribs) that bend forward over the venter.	Hemilytoceras	genus
taxon rank	Periophthalmodon is a genus of mudskippers found along muddy shores, estuaries and lower reaches of rivers in Southeast Asia, Papua New Guinea and Queensland, Australia.	Periophthalmodon	genus
taxon rank	Rhyparella decempunctata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Rhyparella of the family Tephritidae.	Rhyparella decempunctata	species
taxon rank	Pogonopoma parahybae is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Paraíba do Sul river basin, where it occurs in areas of mid to strong water current usually associated with rocky substrate.	Pogonopoma parahybae	species
taxon rank	Lyonothamnus is a monotypic genus of trees in the rose family containing the single living species Lyonothamnus floribundus, which is known by the common name Catalina ironwood, and the subspecies L. f. ssp.	Lyonothamnus	genus
taxon rank	Bario steindachneri is a species of characin from Brazil and Peru.	Bario steindachneri	species
taxon rank	Dorcadion pedestre is a species of a longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily.	Dorcadion pedestre	species
taxon rank	Aerides crispa is a species of epiphytic orchid native to western India.	Aerides crispa	species
taxon rank	Calliandra elegans is a plant species in the genus Calliandra found in Brazil.	Calliandra elegans	species
taxon rank	Brachinus plagiatus is a species of ground beetle from the Brachininae subfamily that can be found in Albania, Bulgaria, France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Moldova, Slovakia, southern part of Russia, all states of former Yugoslavia (except for Macedonia), and in Western Europe.	Brachinus plagiatus	species
taxon rank	Oonops hasselti is a spider species found in Scandinavia.	Oonops hasselti	species
taxon rank	Calochortus nuttallii is a species within the genus Calochortus, in a sub-group generally referred to as Mariposa Lilies.	Calochortus nuttallii	species
taxon rank	The genus Helwingia consists of shrubs native to eastern Asia, the Himalayas, and northern Indochina.	Helwingia	genus
taxon rank	Nuxia floribunda (forest elder, forest nuxia or wild elder) is a species of tree in the Stilbaceae family, that is native to moist regions of southern Africa, East Africa and central tropical Africa.	Nuxia floribunda	species
taxon rank	Piratula hurkai is a wolf spider species found in Ukraine, Russia, Georgia and Abkhazia.	Piratula hurkai	species
taxon rank	Pampatheriidae (``Pampas beasts'') is an extinct family of large plantigrade armored xenarthrans related to Glyptodontidae, an extinct family of much larger and more heavily armored xenarthrans, as well as to smaller extant armadillos (Dasypodidae).	Pampatheriidae	family
taxon rank	Trisetum fuscum, Tufted bulrush or deer's hair sedge, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is native to North America.	Trisetum fuscum	species
taxon rank	Steindachnerina elegans is a fish species in the genus Steindachnerina found in rivers in Bahia and Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Steindachnerina elegans	species
taxon rank	Caristius is a genus of manefishes native to the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.	Caristius	genus
taxon rank	Acanthemblemaria hastingsi, the Cortez barnacle blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in the Gulf of California, in the eastern Pacific ocean.	Acanthemblemaria hastingsi	species
taxon rank	Paraderpas decellei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paraderpas.	Paraderpas decellei	species
taxon rank	Plioplatecarpus is a genus of mosasaur lizard.	Plioplatecarpus	genus
taxon rank	Abarenicola pacifica or the Pacific lugworm is a large species of polychaete worm found on the west coast of North America and also in Japan.	Abarenicola pacifica	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron rubiginosum (红棕杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to Myanmar, and Sichuan, Xizang, and Yunnan in China, where it grows at altitudes of 2800--3600 meters.	Rhododendron rubiginosum	species
taxon rank	Colius is a bird genus in the family Coliidae.	Colius	genus
taxon rank	Amolops himalayanus (Himalaya sucker frog, Himalaya cascade frog, or Himalaya frog) is a species of frog found in northeastern India and Nepal.	Amolops himalayanus	species
taxon rank	Alcanivorax pacificus is a species of pyrene-degrading bacteria.	Alcanivorax pacificus	species
taxon rank	Physalis viscosa is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by many common names, including starhair groundcherry, stellate ground-cherry and grape groundcherry in English, and arrebenta-cavalo, balãozinho, and camambú in Portuguese.	Physalis viscosa	species
taxon rank	Pravitoceras is an extinct genus of ammonite.	Pravitoceras	genus
taxon rank	Aborolabis mordax is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis, the family Anisolabididae, the suborder Forficulina, and the order Dermaptera.	Aborolabis mordax	species
taxon rank	Dolichoplomelas elongatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Dolichoplomelas.	Dolichoplomelas elongatus	species
taxon rank	Hemigrammus bleheri is a species of characin found in Amazon Basin in Brazil and Peru.	Hemigrammus bleheri	species
taxon rank	Sphagnum fallax, the flat-topped bogmoss, is a moss species in the genus Sphagnum	Sphagnum fallax	species
taxon rank	Astragalus albanicus, the Albanian astragalus, is a species of milkvetch that is endemic to the Abşeron and Gobustan districts of Azerbaijan.	Astragalus albanicus	species
taxon rank	Uroplatus phantasticus, the Baweng satanic leaf gecko, is a species of gecko indigenous to the island of Madagascar.	Uroplatus phantasticus	species
taxon rank	The Himalayan water shrew (Chimarrogale himalayica) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Himalayan water shrew	species
taxon rank	Sphaerodactylus plummeri is a species of Sphaerodactylus, a very small gecko found in the Dominican Republic.	Sphaerodactylus plummeri	species
taxon rank	Alinguata is a genus of moth in the Alucitidae family containing only one species Alinguata neblina, which is found in Venezuela.	Alinguata	species
taxon rank	Gentianopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the gentian family known commonly as fringed gentians.	Gentianopsis	genus
taxon rank	Papilio oxynius is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Cuba.	Papilio oxynius	species
taxon rank	Galactia smallii is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Small's milkpea.	Galactia smallii	species
taxon rank	Acer barbinerve is an Asian species of maple found in Korea, eastern Russia, and northeastern China (Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning).	Acer barbinerve	species
taxon rank	Schiedea kauaiensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Kauai schiedea.	Schiedea kauaiensis	species
taxon rank	Streptococcus mitior is a species of Streptococcus.	Streptococcus mitior	species
taxon rank	Pteromeris perplana, or the flat cardita, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Carditidae.	Pteromeris perplana	species
taxon rank	Cypraea pantherina, common name the panther cowry, is a species of large tropical sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Cypraea pantherina	species
taxon rank	Phyllomedusa is a genus of tree frog from Central and South America.	Phyllomedusa	genus
taxon rank	Aborichthys is a genus of stone loaches found in streams of India with one species also found in Myanmar.	Aborichthys	genus
taxon rank	Trichopezinae are a subfamily of empidoid flies.	Trichopezinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Eooxylides is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The species in this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone.	Eooxylides	genus
taxon rank	Zygodon gracilis, the slender yokemoss, is a moss species in the genus Zygodon.	Zygodon gracilis	species
taxon rank	Perleidiformes are an extinct order of prehistoric bony fish.	Perleidiformes	order
taxon rank	Blaesodactylus boivini (commonly known as the Madagascar velvet gecko) is a species of gecko found in northern Madagascar.	Blaesodactylus boivini	species
taxon rank	Pteralyxia is a genus of plants in family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1895.	Pteralyxia	genus
taxon rank	Cicuta maculata is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by several common names, including spotted water hemlock, spotted parsley, spotted cowbane, and the suicide root by the Iroquois.	Cicuta maculata	species
taxon rank	The Pseudogarypidae are a small family of pseudoscorpions.	Pseudogarypidae	family
taxon rank	The lesser night gecko, Nactus coindemirensis, is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.	Nactus coindemirensis	species
taxon rank	Labidochromis shiranus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur along the western coast of the southeastern arm of the lake.	Labidochromis shiranus	species
taxon rank	Pteridium esculentum, commonly known as Austral bracken or simply bracken, is a species of the bracken genus native to a number of countries in the Southern Hemisphere.	Pteridium esculentum	species
taxon rank	Argemone mexicana (Mexican poppy, Mexican prickly poppy, flowering thistle, cardo or cardosanto) is a species of poppy found in Mexico and now widely naturalized in many parts of the world.	Argemone mexicana	species
taxon rank	Ornithoglossum is a genus of plants native to southern Africa, some of which are widely cultivated as ornamentals.	Ornithoglossum	genus
taxon rank	Martynia is a monotypic genus in the Martyniaceae consisting of a single species, Martynia annua, commonly known as the cat's claw, and is endemic to Mexico.	Martynia	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum glanduliferum is a species of orchid endemic to northwestern New Guinea (Irian Jaya Coast, Northwestern New Guinea and Indonesia).	Paphiopedilum glanduliferum	species
taxon rank	Ptilinus is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Near East, the Nearctic, the Neotropical and North Africa.	Ptilinus	genus
taxon rank	Procambarus fallax is a species of crayfish in the genus Procambarus.	Procambarus fallax	species
taxon rank	Potamornis is a prehistoric bird genus that dated back to the late Maastrichtian age of the late Cretaceous period.	Potamornis	genus
taxon rank	Stereum sanguinolentum is a species of fungus in the Stereaceae family.	Stereum sanguinolentum	species
taxon rank	Conus pergrandis, common name the grand cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus pergrandis	species
taxon rank	Cow sharks are a family, the Hexanchidae, of sharks characterized by an additional pair or pairs of gill slits.	Cow shark	family
taxon rank	Dendrotriton rabbi (common name: Guatemalan bromeliad salamander) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Dendrotriton rabbi	species
taxon rank	Permocalculus is a genus of red algae known from Permian to Cretaceous strata.	Permocalculus	genus
taxon rank	Wisteria (also spelled Wistaria or Wysteria) is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae, that includes ten species of woody climbing bines native to the Eastern United States and to China, Korea, and Japan.	Wisteria	genus
taxon rank	Erromenosteus is a genus of extinct, medium-sized brachythoracid arthrodire placoderm from the Late Frasnian of the Kellwasserkalk facies of Late Devonian Bad Wildungen and Bicken, Germany.	Erromenosteus	genus
taxon rank	Carreramyia is a genus of hoverflies, with only one known species currently.	Carreramyia	genus
taxon rank	Extatosoma popa carlbergi is a subspecies of stick insect in the genus Extatosoma.	Extatosoma popa carlbergi	subspecies
taxon rank	Centrocoris spiniger is a species of Coreidae family, subfamily Coreinae.	Centrocoris spiniger	species
taxon rank	Peperomia caperata (emerald ripple peperomia) is a species of flowering plant in the Piperaceae family, native to Brazil.	Peperomia caperata	species
taxon rank	Marisaurus (meaning ``Mari lizard'', for the Mari tribe of Pakistan) is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod from the Late Cretaceous of Balochistan, western Pakistan.	Marisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Nyssa yunnanensis is a species of tree in the Cornaceae family.	Nyssa yunnanensis	species
taxon rank	Paramugil is a genus of mugilid mullets found in coastal waters, estuaries and rivers in the western Pacific region, ranging from the South China Sea to Australia.	Paramugil	genus
taxon rank	Patasola magdalenae is an extinct species of New World monkey known from a partial subadult mandible from Colombia, which dates to 12.5--13.7 million years ago.	Patasola magdalenae	species
taxon rank	The typical falconets, Microhierax, are a genus of bird of prey in the Falconidae family.	Microhierax	genus
taxon rank	Pethia setnai is a species of cyprinid fish native to streams of the Western Ghats, India.	Pethia setnai	species
taxon rank	Afropone is an extinct genus of ant in the formicid subfamily Ponerinae, and is currently unplaced in any of the tribes of that subfamily.	Afropone	genus
taxon rank	Carinotetraodon imitator, commonly known as dwarf Malabar puffer, is a species of pufferfish found in rivers in the Western Ghats of India.	Carinotetraodon imitator	species
taxon rank	Ziziphus talanai, with common names are balakat, aligamen, and talanai, is a species of tree in the Rhamnaceae family.	Ziziphus talanai	species
taxon rank	Ophrys sphegodes, commonly known as the Early Spider-orchid, is a species of orchid found on alkaline meadows and waste land.	Ophrys sphegodes	species
taxon rank	Algoasaurus (/ælˌɡoʊ.əˈsɔrəs/; ``Algoa Bay reptile'') is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Tithonian-early Valanginian-age Late Jurassic-Early Cretaceous Upper Kirkwood Formation of Cape Province, South Africa.	Algoasaurus	genus
taxon rank	The conopid genus Stylogaster is a group of unusual flies.	Stylogaster	genus
taxon rank	Euodice is a genus of estrildid songbirds that is recognized by some authorities while some include it within the genus Lonchura where it is treated as a subgenus.	Euodice	genus
taxon rank	Crinotonia is a genus of shrimp containing the two species C. anastasiae and C. attenuatus.	Crinotonia	genus
taxon rank	Eucalyptus pilligaensis, commonly known as the Pilliga Grey Box or Narrow leaved Grey Box, is a species of eucalypt native to eastern Australia.	Eucalyptus pilligaensis	species
taxon rank	Kryptopterus geminus is a species of catfish belonging to the family Siluridae.	Kryptopterus geminus	species
taxon rank	Zebrasoma is a genus of surgeonfishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Zebrasoma	genus
taxon rank	Taonius is a small genus of glass squid.	Taonius	genus
taxon rank	Githopsis pulchella is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names Sierra bluecup and largeflower bluecup.	Githopsis pulchella	species
taxon rank	The Gireoud's Brassia (Brassia gireoudiana) is a species of orchid.	Brassia gireoudiana	species
taxon rank	Nostoceras is an extinct genus of ammonite from the Campanian stage of the Upper Cretaceous, found in the USA, England, central Europe, west Africa, and Madagascar.	Nostoceras	genus
taxon rank	The Antillean siskin (Spinus dominicensis) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Antillean siskin	species
taxon rank	Psychrobacter proteolyticus is a species of bacterium first isolated from the Antarctic krill Euphausia superba.	Psychrobacter proteolyticus	species
taxon rank	Gibbonsia montereyensis, the Crevice kelpfish, is a species of clinid found along the Pacific coast of North America from British Columbia, Canada, to Baja California, Mexico where it prefers areas close to the shore amongst algae.	Gibbonsia montereyensis	species
taxon rank	Salinispora arenicola is an obligate marine actinomycetes bacterium species.	Salinispora arenicola	species
taxon rank	Rhamdia is a genus of three-barbeled catfishes found in Mexico, and Central and South America.	Rhamdia	genus
taxon rank	Alyxia squamulosa, commonly known as Alyxia Vine, is a species of shrub in the Apocynaceae family.	Alyxia squamulosa	species
taxon rank	Microseris bigelovii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name coastal silverpuffs.	Microseris bigelovii	species
taxon rank	Osmorhiza is a genus of perennial herbs, known generally as sweet cicely, sweetcicely, or sweetroot.	Osmorhiza	genus
taxon rank	Raorchestes anili (Anil's bush frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Raorchestes anili	species
taxon rank	Calochortus ghiesbreghtii is a Mesoamerican species of plants in the lily family.	Calochortus ghiesbreghtii	species
taxon rank	Gadomus is a genus of rattails in the family Bathygadidae.	Gadomus	genus
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops longicaudus, or the long-tailed thread snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops longicaudus	species
taxon rank	Hydrolycus is a genus of dogtooth characins from tropical South America.	Hydrolycus	genus
taxon rank	Conradina grandiflora is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name largeflower false rosemary, or large-flowered rosemary.	Conradina grandiflora	species
taxon rank	Turneria dahlii is a species of ant in the genus Turneria.	Turneria dahlii	species
taxon rank	Glaziellaceae is a family of fungi in the order Pezizales that contains the single monotypic genus Glaziella.	Glaziella	genus
taxon rank	Stylogyne is a genus of shrubs and trees in the family Primulaceae.	Stylogyne	genus
taxon rank	Amauropsis islandica, common name the Iceland moonsnail, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Amauropsis islandica	species
taxon rank	Cyphononyx optimus is a species of spider hunting wasps in the family Pompilidae.	Cyphononyx optimus	species
taxon rank	Oxyjulis californica is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Pacific Ocean along the coasts of California and Baja California.	Oxyjulis californica	species
taxon rank	Allium trachycoleum is a Middle Eastern species of wild onion found in Israel, Palestine, Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Turkey, and Iraq.	Allium trachycoleum	species
taxon rank	Pachyiulus dentiger is a species of millipede from Julidae family that can be found in Albania and Greece.	Pachyiulus dentiger	species
taxon rank	Calyptochloa gracillima is a species of grass (family Poaceae) and the only species of the genus Calyptochloa.	Calyptochloa	species
taxon rank	Frigidoalvania pelagica, common name the carinate alvania, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.	Frigidoalvania pelagica	species
taxon rank	Corchorus is a genus of about 40--100 species of flowering plants in the family Malvaceae, native to tropical and subtropical regions throughout the world.	Corchorus	genus
taxon rank	Prochoreutis argyrastra is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family.	Prochoreutis argyrastra	species
taxon rank	Melathrix praetextella is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Melathrix.	Melathrix praetextella	species
taxon rank	Fusinus syracusanus, common name Syracusan Spindle Shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.	Fusinus syracusanus	species
taxon rank	Koelga is an extinct genus of prawn in the order Decapoda.	Koelga	genus
taxon rank	Brachyglenis is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present only in the Neotropical ecozone.	Brachyglenis	genus
taxon rank	Banksia ser. Dryandra is a series of 94 species of shrub to small tree in the plant genus Banksia.	Banksia ser. Dryandra	series
taxon rank	Xuanhuaceratops is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Period (dated to 167.7--161.2 million years ago).	Xuanhuaceratops	genus
taxon rank	Polyommatus is a diverse genus of butterflies.The members (species) are found in the Palearctic ecozone.	Polyommatus	genus
taxon rank	Macrophthalmus is a genus of crabs which are widespread across the Indo-Pacific.	Macrophthalmus	genus
taxon rank	Rudbeckia hirta, commonly called black-eyed-susan, is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family, native to the Eastern and Central North America and naturalized in the Western part of the continent as well as in China.	Rudbeckia hirta	species
taxon rank	Scolomys ucayalensis, also known as the long-nosed scolomys or Ucayali spiny mouse is a nocturnal rodent species from South America.	Scolomys ucayalensis	species
taxon rank	The African openbill (Anastomus lamelligerus) is a species of stork in the Ciconiidae family.	African openbill	species
taxon rank	Secernosaurus (meaning ``severed lizard'') is a genus of herbivorous dinosaur.	Secernosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Eumastacidae are a family of grasshoppers sometimes known as monkey- or matchstick grasshoppers.	Eumastacidae	family
taxon rank	Kreodanthus is a small genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) belonging to the subfamily Orchidoideae.	Kreodanthus	genus
taxon rank	Elegia inconspicuella is a species of snout moth in the genus Elegia.	Elegia inconspicuella	species
taxon rank	Mycena rosella, commonly known as the pink bonnet, is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family.	Mycena rosella	species
taxon rank	Epistomentis pictus is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Epistomentis.	Epistomentis	genus
taxon rank	Myriotrema endoflavescens is a species of lichen in the family Thelotremataceae.	Myriotrema endoflavescens	species
taxon rank	Elysia lobata is a species of sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Plakobranchidae.	Elysia lobata	species
taxon rank	Acanthobrama marmid, or the Mesopotamian bream, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Acanthobrama marmid	species
taxon rank	Paedophryne swiftorum is a species of frog from Papua New Guinea discovered in 2008 and formally described in January 2012.	Paedophryne swiftorum	species
taxon rank	Escobaria sneedii (syn. Coryphantha sneedii) is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Sneed's pincushion cactus and carpet foxtail cactus.	Escobaria sneedii	species
taxon rank	Yasuhikotakia (Mekong loaches) is a genus of botiid loaches, many which are popular aquarium fish.	Yasuhikotakia	genus
taxon rank	Prosopium is a genus of freshwater whitefishes found in North America and parts of eastern Russia.	Prosopium	genus
taxon rank	Stingless bees, sometimes called stingless honey bees or simply meliponines, are a large group of bees (about 500 species), comprising the tribe Meliponini (or subtribe Meliponina according to other authors).	Stingless bee	tribe
taxon rank	Ivesia sericoleuca is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Plumas mousetail, or Plumas ivesia.	Ivesia sericoleuca	species
taxon rank	Acromantis satsumensis is a species of praying mantis native to Japan.	Acromantis satsumensis	species
taxon rank	Cercocarpus fothergilloides is a Mexican plant species in the rose family.	Cercocarpus fothergilloides	species
taxon rank	Ptarmus is a genus of velvetfishes native to the western Indian Ocean.	Ptarmus	genus
taxon rank	Phalacrocarpum is a genus of plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family, native to the Iberian Peninsula.	Phalacrocarpum	genus
taxon rank	Aerenica canescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Aerenica.	Aerenica canescens	species
taxon rank	Coprosma arborea is a species found in New Zealand.	Coprosma arborea	species
taxon rank	Anopterus is a genus of two species of shrubs or small trees.	Anopterus	genus
taxon rank	Botrychium is a genus of ferns, seedless vascular plants.	Botrychium	genus
taxon rank	Pinnotheres is a genus of crabs, including the pea crab and New Zealand pea crab.	Pinnotheres	genus
taxon rank	The family Rhynchocinetidae are a group of small, reclusive red-and-white shrimp.	Rhynchocinetidae	family
taxon rank	Limonium ramosissimum, Algerian sea lavender, is a species of sea lavender (Limonium) native to the Mediterranean region.	Limonium ramosissimum	species
taxon rank	Iniistius trivittatus is a species of wrasse currently only known from the Pacific waters off Hong Kong and Taiwan.	Iniistius trivittatus	species
taxon rank	Pseudemys is a genus of large, herbivorous, freshwater turtles of the eastern United States and adjacent northeast Mexico.	Pseudemys	genus
taxon rank	Polygala intermontana is a species of flowering plant in the milkwort family known by the common name Intermountain milkwort.	Polygala intermontana	species
taxon rank	Discolampa is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The genus ranges from Sri Lanka to New Guinea.	Discolampa	genus
taxon rank	Taringa pinoi is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.	Taringa pinoi	species
taxon rank	Melicope micrococca is a target species for many insects, including butterflies in the family Papilionidae.	Melicope micrococca	species
taxon rank	Dudleya is a genus of succulent perennials, consisting of about 45 species in southwest North America.	Dudleya	genus
taxon rank	Vexillum amandum, common name : the Amanda mitre, is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.	Vexillum amandum	species
taxon rank	Astelia menziesiana is a species of plant in the Asteliaceae family that is endemic to the state of Hawaii in the United States.	Astelia menziesiana	species
taxon rank	Liubangosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur which lived during the Early Cretaceous in what is now southern China.	Liubangosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Limnephilidae is a family of caddisflies with about 100 genera.	Limnephilidae	family
taxon rank	Octopoteuthis deletron is a species of squid in the genus Octopoteuthis of the family Octopoteuthidae.	Octopoteuthis deletron	species
taxon rank	Vayssierea felis is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Okadaiidae.	Vayssierea felis	species
taxon rank	Mimela junii is a species of shining leaf chafer belonging to the family Scarabeidae subfamily Rutelinae.	Mimela junii	species
taxon rank	Clarkia lassenensis is a species of wildflower known by the common name Lassen clarkia.	Clarkia lassenensis	species
taxon rank	Stemodia durantifolia is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names whitewoolly twintip and purple stemodia.	Stemodia durantifolia	species
taxon rank	Flaveria bidentis, the coastal plain yellowtops, is a South American plant species of yellowtops within the sunflower family.	Flaveria bidentis	species
taxon rank	Odontoglossum, first named in 1816 by Karl Sigismund Kunth, is a genus of about 100 orchids.	Odontoglossum	genus
taxon rank	Bromus arizonicus is a species of brome grass known by the common name Arizona brome.	Bromus arizonicus	species
taxon rank	Hackelia bella is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name greater showy stickseed.	Hackelia bella	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Catazetema trivialis, which is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Catazetema	species
taxon rank	Allium oreoprasum is a species of wild onion native to Central Asia.	Allium oreoprasum	species
taxon rank	The Kazbeg birch mouse (Sicista kazbegica) is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae.	Kazbeg birch mouse	species
taxon rank	Geranium ibericum, commonly called Caucasian crane's-bill or (in North America) Iberian geranium or Caucasus geranium, is a herbaceous plant species in the Geraniaceae family.	Geranium ibericum	species
taxon rank	Rhizodus (root tooth) is an extinct genus of rhizodont, a branch of the Sarcopterygii, the bony vertebrate clade that also includes tetrapods.	Rhizodus	genus
taxon rank	Branchiosaurus (Greek for ``gill lizard'') is a genus of small, lightly built early prehistoric amphibians.	Branchiosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Viola rotundifolia, common name roundleaf yellow violet, is a plant species of the genus Viola.	Viola rotundifolia	species
taxon rank	Epipactis, or Helleborine, is a genus of terrestrial orchids consisting of approximately 70 species.	Epipactis	genus
taxon rank	The genus Eharius contains the following species:	Eharius	species
taxon rank	Microchloa, smallgrass, is a genus of tropical and subtropical plants in the grass family, native to Africa, southern Asia, northern Australia, and the warmer parts of the Western Hemisphere.	Microchloa	genus
taxon rank	Pseudoperonospora cubensis is a species of water mould known for causing downy mildew on cucurbits such as cantaloupe, cucumber, pumpkin, squash and watermelon.	Pseudoperonospora cubensis	species
taxon rank	Cylicioscapha is an extinct genus of fossil mollusk, probably a gastropod, a robust-looking euomphalid from the upper Paleozoic of North America.	Cylicioscapha	genus
taxon rank	Lactarius repraesentaneus, commonly known as the northern bearded milkcap, the northern milkcap, or the purple-staining milkcap, is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family.	Lactarius repraesentaneus	species
taxon rank	Formosania is a genus of gastromyzontid loaches, most of which are endemic to mainland China.	Formosania	genus
taxon rank	Leptosolena is a genus of plants in the Zingiberaceae.	Leptosolena	genus
taxon rank	Brachyphylla is a genus of leaf-nosed bats in the family Phyllostomidae.	Brachyphylla	genus
taxon rank	Acetobacter is a genus of acetic acid bacteria.	Acetobacter	genus
taxon rank	Absidia is a genus of fungi in the family Cunninghamellaceae.	Absidia	genus
taxon rank	Bruceomyces is a fungal genus in the division Ascomycota, containing the single species Bruceomyces castoris.	Bruceomyces	genus
taxon rank	Coreoleuciscus splendidus, also known as the swiri or Korean splendid dace, is a species of fish from the cyprinid family endemic to rivers of the Korean peninsula.	Coreoleuciscus splendidus	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus todtiana is a species of tree native to south-western Australia.	Eucalyptus todtiana	species
taxon rank	Artemisia borealis is an arctic and alpine species plants of the sunflower family.	Artemisia borealis	species
taxon rank	Gonyleptidae is a neotropical family of harvestmen (Order Opiliones) with more than 800 species, the largest in the Suborder Laniatores and the second largest of the Opiiones as a whole.	Gonyleptidae	family
taxon rank	Aiakas is a genus of eelpouts containing two species.	Aiakas	genus
taxon rank	Petersianthus is a genus of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family first described as a genus in 1865 under the name Petersia.	Petersianthus	genus
taxon rank	Marginella ornata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Marginella ornata	species
taxon rank	Crepidodera lamina is a species of flea beetles from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Benelux, Italy, Spain, Ukraine, Yugoslavian states, Central Europe, and European part of Turkey.	Crepidodera lamina	species
taxon rank	The insect family Corduliidae contains the emerald dragonflies or green-eyed skimmers.	Corduliidae	family
taxon rank	Alloteropsis (from the Greek allotrios (``strange'') and opsis (``appearance'')) is a genus of Old World plants in the grass family.	Alloteropsis	genus
taxon rank	Ceanothus cordulatus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common names mountain whitethorn and whitethorn ceanothus.	Ceanothus cordulatus	species
taxon rank	Columnea orientandina is a plant species from Ecuador.	Columnea orientandina	species
taxon rank	Miturgidae is a family of araneomorph spiders, including nearly 160 species in about 33 genera worldwide.	Miturgidae	family
taxon rank	Canthigaster supramacula, known as the West African Sharpnose-puffer, is a species of marine fish in the family Tetraodontidae.	Canthigaster supramacula	species
taxon rank	Romulea is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family, first described as a genus in 1772.	Romulea	genus
taxon rank	Saraca dives, is a tree species in genus Saraca belonging to the legume family, native to China, Laos, and Vietnam.	Saraca dives	species
taxon rank	Elenchus maorianus is a parasitic insect species in the genus Elenchus found in New Zealand.	Elenchus maorianus	species
taxon rank	The genus is the only member of the family Eotrogulidae and contains one species Eotrogulus fayoli.	Eotrogulus	species
taxon rank	Argyrochosma jonesii, with the common name is Jones' false cloak fern, is a species of fern native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.	Argyrochosma jonesii	species
taxon rank	Cellana radians, common name the golden limpet, is a species of true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae, which is one of the true limpet families.	Cellana radians	species
taxon rank	Nebria rubripes is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in France and Spain.	Nebria rubripes	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Australiaena streimannii.	Australiaena	species
taxon rank	Calandrinia ciliata is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common names fringed redmaids and red-maids.	Calandrinia ciliata	species
taxon rank	Ammorhynchus is an extinct genus of hyperodapedontid rhynchosaur from middle Triassic (Anisian stage) deposits of Navajo County, Arizona.	Ammorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Leptogyra is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Melanodrymiidae, belonging to the clade Neomphalina.	Leptogyra	genus
taxon rank	Venustilifer bountyensis is a species of small deep-water sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae.	Venustilifer bountyensis	species
taxon rank	Sonneratia hainanensis (also called Hainan sonneratia) is a species of plant in the Lythraceae family.	Sonneratia hainanensis	species
taxon rank	Xyliphius magdalenae is a species of banjo catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Magdalena River basin.	Xyliphius magdalenae	species
taxon rank	Heteroponera is a genus of ants in the subfamily Heteroponerinae.	Heteroponera	genus
taxon rank	Charnia is the genus name given to a frond-like Ediacaran lifeform with segmented, leaf-like ridges branching alternately to the right and left from a zig-zag medial suture (thus exhibiting glide reflection, or opposite isometry).	Charnia	genus
taxon rank	Gymnoschoenus is a genus of tussock-forming grasses in the Cyperaceae family.	Gymnoschoenus	genus
taxon rank	The orange-bellied lizard, Liolaemus pictus, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Liolaemus pictus	species
taxon rank	Fuscospora alessandrii (ruil) is a species of plant in the family Nothofagaceae, commonly known as the southern beeches.	Fuscospora alessandri	species
taxon rank	Liparis hawaiensis, common name Hawai'i widelip orchid, is a species of orchid that is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.	Liparis hawaiensis	species
taxon rank	Arabis aculeolata is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Waldo rockcress.	Arabis aculeolata	species
taxon rank	Rhabdoblennius nitidus, the Barred-chin blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean.	Rhabdoblennius nitidus	species
taxon rank	Grisebachianthus is a genus of Cuban flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Grisebachianthus	genus
taxon rank	Trachyglanis minutus is a species of loach catfish found in the Ubangi River in the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Trachyglanis minutus	species
taxon rank	Clavaria zollingeri, commonly known as the violet coral or the magenta coral, is a widely distributed species of fungus.	Clavaria zollingeri	species
taxon rank	Knautia is a genus in the family Caprifoliaceae.	Knautia	genus
taxon rank	Aphalanthus conradti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Aphalanthus.	Aphalanthus conradti	species
taxon rank	Notropis imeldae, the sardinita de Rio Verde, is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Notropis imeldae	species
taxon rank	In 1988, because there was already a Salvia species from China named ``Salvia dolichantha'' (1934), Gabriel Alziar renamed the plant to the current Salvia whitehousei, in honor of Eula Whitehouse.	Salvia whitehousei	species
taxon rank	Amphiporus lactifloreus is a species of ribbon worm in the phylum Nemertea.	Amphiporus lactifloreus	species
taxon rank	Janthina pallida, also known as the pale janthina, is a species of holoplanktonic sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Janthinidae, the violet snails or purple storm snails.	Janthina pallida	species
taxon rank	Megacephala germaini is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1865, and can be found in Argentina and Bolivia.	Megacephala germaini	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia mercurialina (mercury spurge) is a species of plant in the spurge family.	Euphorbia mercurialina	species
taxon rank	Neomphalidae is a family of sea snails or limpets, specifically deep sea hydrothermal vent limpets.	Neomphalidae	family
taxon rank	Archaeogastropoda (also known as Aspidobranchia) was a taxonomic order of sea snails used in older classifications of gastropods, i.e. snails and slugs.	Archaeogastropoda	order
taxon rank	Allium robinsonii, the Columbia River Onion or Robinson's onion, is a rare plant species native to the US States of Washington and Oregon, although some studies suggest that the Oregon populations may now be extinct.	Allium robinsonii	species
taxon rank	Melica penicillaris is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Inner Anatolia, Turkey where it grows in bushy hills, rocky slopes, on limestone and on gullies at the elevation of 1,000--1,800 metres (3,300--5,900 ft).	Melica penicillaris	species
taxon rank	Cernuella virgata, also known as Helicella virgata, common name, the ``vineyard snail'', is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Cernuella virgata	species
taxon rank	Crapatalus is a genus of southern sandfishes native to the coastal waters of Australia and New Zealand.	Crapatalus	genus
taxon rank	Ameles syriensis is a species of praying mantis found in Syria and Turkey.	Ameles syriensis	species
taxon rank	Prostanthera ovalifolia, known as the oval-leaf mintbush or purple mintbush, is one of about 90 Australian endemic species from the genus Prostanthera.	Prostanthera ovalifolia	species
taxon rank	Conus spectrum, common name the spectre cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus spectrum	species
taxon rank	Solidago velutina, the threenerve goldenrod or velvety goldenrod, is a plant species native to Mexico and to the western United States.	Solidago velutina	species
taxon rank	Hemimyzon khonensis is a species of hillstream loach in the genus Hemimyzon.	Hemimyzon khonensis	species
taxon rank	Leptodactylus discodactylus (common name: Vanzolini's Amazon frog) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.	Leptodactylus discodactylus	species
taxon rank	Cardiocrinum cathayanum is a species of Chinese plants in the lily family, with large showy flowers.	Cardiocrinum cathayanum	species
taxon rank	Kardiasperma is an extinct genus of flowering plant in the hazelnut family, Betulaceae, containing the single species Kardiasperma parvum.	Kardiasperma	species
taxon rank	Lavatera thuringiaca, the garden tree-mallow, is a species of Lavatera native to eastern Europe and southwestern Asia, from southern Germany south to Italy, and east to southern Russia, Kazakhstan, and Turkey.	Lavatera thuringiaca	species
taxon rank	Dolichognatha is a widespread genus of tropical and subtropical spiders.	Dolichognatha	genus
taxon rank	Paraclinus fehlmanni is a species of labrisomid blenny only known from the Pacific coast of Ecuador where it is found in tide pools down to depths of 2 metres (6.6 ft).	Paraclinus fehlmanni	species
taxon rank	Lamida moncusalis, the cashew shoot and blossom webber, is a species of snout moth in the genus Lamida.	Lamida moncusalis	species
taxon rank	The genus is near-endemic to Southern Africa, Sceliages augias exceptionally ranging as far north as the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Sceliages	genus
taxon rank	Boswellia frereana is a species of plant native to northern Somalia where the locals call it ``Dhidin'' or ``Maydi'' (other spellings include: Meydi, Meyti, Maidi, Maieti, and Mayeti) or the king of all frankincense.	Boswellia frereana	species
taxon rank	Tripterygion melanurus is a species of fish in the family Tripterygiidae, the threefin blennies.	Tripterygion melanurus	species
taxon rank	Vitex urceolata is a species of plant in the family Verbenaceae.	Vitex urceolata	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus verrucipes (Spanish: Rana-chirrionera Orejona) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus verrucipes	species
taxon rank	Cyathula officinalis (English common names: Cyathula root, Radix Cyathula, Ox Knee, Chinese: Chuan Niu Xi), is a species of Cyathula native to the China (Guizhou, Hebei, Shanxi, Sichuan, Yunnan, Zhejiang) and Nepal.	Cyathula officinalis	species
taxon rank	Narcissus hispanicus, the Spanish daffodil, or Great daffodil, is a plant species native to France, Spain and Portugal.	Narcissus hispanicus	species
taxon rank	Buthus montanus is a scorpion species found in the mountain ranges of southeastern Spain	Buthus montanus	species
taxon rank	Liometopum stygium is an extinct species of Miocene ants in the genus Liometopum.	Liometopum stygium	species
taxon rank	Dendrophylax filiformis is a species of orchid native to Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica and Puerto Rico.	Dendrophylax filiformis	species
taxon rank	Aquilegia elegantula is a species of columbine known by the common name western red columbine.	Aquilegia elegantula	species
taxon rank	Nuxia glomerulata is a species of plant in the Stilbaceae family.	Nuxia glomerulata	species
taxon rank	Agapanthia asphodeli is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Algeria, Central, Eastern and Western Europe, Tunisia and Turkey.	Agapanthia asphodeli	species
taxon rank	Pipturus albidus, known as māmaki (sometimes waimea, for its resemblance to olomea) in Hawaiian and known as Waimea pipturus in English, is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family, Urticaceae, that is endemic to Hawaiʻi.	Pipturus albidus	species
taxon rank	Phytolacca pruinosa, (Levantine Pokeweed) is a species of plant in the Phytolaccaceae family.	Phytolacca pruinosa	species
taxon rank	Echinocereus subinermis is a species of flowering plant in the cactus family Cactaceae, native to north, northwestern, and central Mexico.	Echinocereus subinermis	species
taxon rank	Neacomys musseri, also known as Musser's neacomys or Musser's bristly mouse, is a rodent species from South America.	Neacomys musseri	species
taxon rank	Nebria arinae is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae family that is endemic to Altai region of Russia.	Nebria arinae	species
taxon rank	Yueosaurus was first named by Wenjie Zheng, Xingsheng Jin, Masateru Shibata, Yoichi Azuma and Fangming Yu in 2012 and the type species is Yueosaurus tiantaiensis.	Yueosaurus	species
taxon rank	Acromyrmex crassispinus is a species of leaf-cutter ant, a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae found in the wild naturally throughout South America, especially in Argentina and Paraguay.	Acromyrmex crassispinus	species
taxon rank	Tubulariidae is a family of hydroid cnidarians.	Tubulariidae	family
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Bovicornua intricata, described as new to science in 1993.	Bovicornua	species
taxon rank	Cerapachys coecus is a species of reddish brown army ant found in Sri Lanka.	Cerapachys coecus	species
taxon rank	Phileurus didymus is a species of wood-feeding beetle belonging to the Scarabaeidae family.	Phileurus didymus	species
taxon rank	Acanthinucella spirata is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Acanthinucella spirata	species
taxon rank	Mesoplodont whales are fifteen species of toothed whale in the genus Mesoplodon, making it the largest genus in the cetacean order.	Mesoplodont whale	genus
taxon rank	Allium tubiflorum is a plant species native to China (Gansu, Hebei, Henan, Hubei, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Sichuan) at elevations less than 2000 m. Allium tubiflorum is one of the few species of Allium lacking the characteristic onion/garlic scent.	Allium tubiflorum	species
taxon rank	Cnidium monnieri (L.) Cusson ex Juss., Monnier's snowparsley, is a flowering plant species in the genus Cnidium.	Cnidium monnieri	species
taxon rank	Heterometrus spinifer, the Giant Forest Scorpion or Giant Blue Scorpion, is a species of scorpions belonging to the family Scorpionidae.	Heterometrus spinifer	species
taxon rank	Clelia scytalina, commonly known as the Mexican snake eater or zopilota de altura (highland mussarana), is a species of colubrid snake endemic to the New World.	Clelia scytalina	species
taxon rank	Gibbaranea bituberculata is a species of 'orbweavers' belonging to the family Araneidae subfamily Araneinae.	Gibbaranea bituberculata	species
taxon rank	Ranularia trilineata, common name : the Three-lined Triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Ranularia trilineata	species
taxon rank	Leea tinctoria is a species of plant in the Leeaceae family.	Leea tinctoria	species
taxon rank	Arnioceras is an extinct genus of large, evolute, discoidal ammonite from the Lower Jurassic.	Arnioceras	genus
taxon rank	Lepiota nirupama is a species of agaric fungus of the genus Lepiota in the order Agaricales.	Lepiota nirupama	species
taxon rank	The giant talking catfish or giant raphael catfish (Megalodoras uranoscopus) is a species of thorny catfish that is native to the Amazon Basin in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.	Megalodoras uranoscopus	species
taxon rank	Harpalus salinus klementzae is a subspecies of ground beetle native to Central Asia, where it could be found in such countries as Mongolia, Chinese province of Xinjiang, and Russian autonomous regions such as Buryat Republic, Chita, Irkutsk, and Maritime Province.	Harpalus salinus klementzae	subspecies
taxon rank	Macrobrachium lar is a species of freshwater shrimp found throughout the Indo-West Pacific area, ranging from East Africa through to the Marquesas Islands and was first described in 1798.	Macrobrachium lar	species
taxon rank	Vasconcellea pulchra is a species of plant in the Caricaceae family.	Vasconcellea pulchra	species
taxon rank	Caryophyllia smithii, the Devonshire cup coral, is a species of solitary coral in the family Caryophylliidae.	Caryophyllia smithii	species
taxon rank	Trinectes is a genus of American soles native to the Americas.	Trinectes	genus
taxon rank	Galium bifolium is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names twinleaf bedstraw and low mountain bedstraw.	Galium bifolium	species
taxon rank	Eoplectreurys is an extinct monotypic genus of spider from the family Plectreuridae, with a sole species, Eoplectreurys gertschi.	Eoplectreurys	genus
taxon rank	Metacrinus rotundus, the Japanese sea lily, is a marine invertebrate, a species of stalked crinoid in the family Isselicrinidae.	Metacrinus rotundus	species
taxon rank	Farlowella nattereri is a species of armored catfish of the family native to Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana and Peru.	Farlowella nattereri	species
taxon rank	Lyriothemis acigastra is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known from India.	Lyriothemis acigastra	species
taxon rank	Tabanus eggeri is a Mediterranean species of biting horse-fly, found in southern France, Italy, Albania, Croatia, Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Portugal and Morocco.	Tabanus eggeri	species
taxon rank	Disciotis venosa, commonly known as the bleach cup, veiny cup fungus, or the cup morel is a species of fungus in the family Morchellaceae.	Disciotis venosa	species
taxon rank	Passiflora alata, the winged-stem passion flower, is a species of flowering plant.	Passiflora alata	species
taxon rank	Percrocutidae is an extinct family of hyena-like feliform carnivores endemic to Asia, Africa, and Southern Europe from the Miocene through the Pliocene, existing for about 17.41 million years.	Percrocutidae	family
taxon rank	Calotropis is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1810.	Calotropis	genus
taxon rank	Niphidium crassifolium commonly known as the graceful fern is a species of fern in the Polypodiaceae family found in Central and South America.	Niphidium crassifolium	species
taxon rank	Orthocis juglandis is a species of tree-fungus beetle in Ciidae family which can be found in Austria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, Montenegro, Serbia, and Voivodina.	Orthocis juglandis	species
taxon rank	Platydemus is a genus of large predatory land flatworms, terrestrial planarians in the family Geoplanidae.	Platydemus	genus
taxon rank	Eulima patula (known commonly as the Largemouth Eulima) a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.	Eulima patula	species
taxon rank	Hippolais is a genus of tree warbler in the Acrocephalidae family.	Hippolais	genus
taxon rank	Herrera's mud turtle (Kinosternon herrerai ) is a species of mud turtle in the family Kinosternidae.	Herrera's mud turtle	species
taxon rank	Chalcophaps is a small genus of doves.	Chalcophaps	genus
taxon rank	Barbeya oleoides is the only species of its family (Barbeyaceae).	Barbeya	species
taxon rank	Trichopilia suavis is a species of orchid found from Central America to Colombia.	Trichopilia suavis	species
taxon rank	Calycadenia pauciflora is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name smallflower western rosinweed.	Calycadenia pauciflora	species
taxon rank	Comocladia dodonaea, with common names poison ash, and Christmas bush, is a species of tree in the cashew family, Anacardiaceae.	Comocladia dodonaea	species
taxon rank	Bouteloua barbata is a species of grass known by the common name six-weeks grama.	Bouteloua barbata	species
taxon rank	Agave vilmoriniana, sometimes misspelled vilmoriana, and popularly known as Octopus agave, is a species of agave endemic to Mexico.	Agave vilmoriniana	species
taxon rank	Triturus is a genus of newts comprising the crested and the marbled newts, which are found from Great Britain through most of continental Europe to westernmost Siberia, Anatolia, and the Caspian Sea region.	Triturus	genus
taxon rank	Regina rigida, commonly known as the crayfish snake, is a species of snake endemic to the southeastern United States.	Regina rigida	species
taxon rank	Ternstroemia subsessilis, the el yunque colorado, is a species of plant in the Pentaphylacaceae family.	Ternstroemia subsessilis	species
taxon rank	Dodekablennos fraseri is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean, around Réunion and Mauritius.	Dodekablennos fraseri	species
taxon rank	The name of the species dates back to 1859, but this is an uncertain figure because of the uncertainty that Mus nitidulus was indeed a separate species from Mus cervicolor.	Mus nitidulus	species
taxon rank	Amolops mantzorum (Sichuan torrent frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Amolops mantzorum	species
taxon rank	Eorasaurus is an extinct genus of archosauromorph known from the middle Late Permian (late Capitanian or early Wuchiapingian age) of Tatarstan, European Russia.	Eorasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Viola selkirkii is a species of violet known by the common names Selkirk's violet and great-spur violet.	Viola selkirkii	species
taxon rank	Gerlachea australis is a species of Antarctic dragonfish found at depths of from 200 to 670 metres (660 to 2,200 ft) over the Antarctic continental shelf.	Gerlachea australis	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron liliiflorum (百合花杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to Guangxi, Guizhou, Hunan, and southeast Yunnan, China, where it grows at altitudes of 2800--4500 meters.	Rhododendron liliiflorum	species
taxon rank	Salvelinus taranetzi, also known as the Taranetz char, is a species of salmonid fish native to Chukotka, Russia.	Salvelinus taranetzi	species
taxon rank	Chrysothamnus depressus called Long-flowered rabbitbrush, is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Chrysothamnus depressus	species
taxon rank	Podisma pedestris is a species of 'short-horned grasshoppers' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Melanoplinae.	Podisma pedestris	species
taxon rank	Eucobresia nivalis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae, the glass snails.	Eucobresia nivalis	species
taxon rank	Kaiwhekea is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian age) of what is now New Zealand.	Kaiwhekea	genus
taxon rank	Histomonas meleagridis is species of parasitic protozoan that infects a wide range of birds including chickens, turkeys, peafowl, quail and pheasants, causing blackhead disease, infectious enterohepatitis, or histomoniasis.	Histomonas meleagridis	species
taxon rank	Clubiona subtilis is a spider species with Palearctic distibition.	Clubiona subtilis	species
taxon rank	Biomphalaria havanensis, common name the ghost rams-horn, is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Biomphalaria havanensis	species
taxon rank	Ponerorchis is a small genus of Asian terrestrial tuberous orchids included in the orchid family Orchidaceae.	Ponerorchis	genus
taxon rank	Kibunea minuta is a species of beetle from a family of elateridae in a genus of Kibunea.	Kibunea minuta	species
taxon rank	Amblysomus is a genus of golden moles (also ``African golden moles'' and ``South African golden moles'') in the golden mole family, Chrysochloridae.	Amblysomus	genus
taxon rank	Diaeretiella rapae is a cosmopolitan parasitoid of many species of aphids, but especially the cabbage aphid, Brevicoryne brassicae.	Diaeretiella rapae	species
taxon rank	Trifolium microcephalum is a species of clover known by the common names smallhead clover and small-headed clover.	Trifolium microcephalum	species
taxon rank	Violales is a botanical name of an order of flowering plants and takes its name from the included family Violaceae.	Violales	order
taxon rank	Porcellana is a genus of decapod crustaceans in the widespread family Porcellanidae, the porcelain crabs, which superficially resemble true crabs.	Porcellana	genus
taxon rank	Julia burni is a species of a sea snail with shell of two separate hinged pieces or valves, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Juliidae.	Julia burni	species
taxon rank	Ericameria discoidea , called Whitestem goldenbush or sharp-scale goldenweed or Whitestem goldenbush or sharp-scale goldenweed, is a species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common name whitestem goldenbush.	Ericameria discoidea	species
taxon rank	Yushania is a genus of bamboo in the grass family.	Yushania	genus
taxon rank	The oral sclerite in the Calliphora quadrimaculata is short compared to other species in the same family.	Calliphora quadrimaculata	species
taxon rank	Cleistesiopsis bifaria, the Smaller spreading pogonia, is a terrestrial species of orchid native to the eastern United States, along the Appalachian Mountains from West Virginia to Alabama.	Cleistesiopsis bifaria	species
taxon rank	Myrmelachista schumanni, also known as the lemon ant, is a species of ant that is notable for the creation of Devil's garden.	Myrmelachista schumanni	species
taxon rank	Calodendrum is a genus of medium-sized evergreen trees comprising two species from Africa.	Calodendrum	genus
taxon rank	Ornithonyssus bursa is a species of mite.	Ornithonyssus bursa	species
taxon rank	Englerodendron is a small genus of legumes that are native to tropical Africa.	Englerodendron	genus
taxon rank	Cola boxiana is a species of medium tree in the Malvaceae family.	Cola boxiana	species
taxon rank	Juniperus macrocarpa (large-fruited juniper, syn. J. oxycedrus subsp. macrocarpa (Sibth. & Sm.) Ball) is a species of juniper, native across the northern Mediterranean region from southwestern Spain east to western Turkey and Cyprus, growing on coastal sand dunes from sea level up to 75 m altitude.	Juniperus macrocarpa	species
taxon rank	Epicrates fordii, known commonly as the Haitian ground boa, is a species of snake in the Boidae family.	Epicrates fordii	species
taxon rank	Coprinopsis picacea is a species of fungus in the Psathyrellaceae.	Coprinopsis picacea	species
taxon rank	Cissus antarctica (synonym Cissus oblongata), called ``kangaroo vine'', is one of the best known species of the genus Cissus in the family of Vitaceae.	Cissus antarctica	species
taxon rank	Blechnum novae-zelandiae, commonly known as palm-leaf fern or kiokio, is a species of fern found in New Zealand.	Blechnum novae-zelandiae	species
taxon rank	Saxifraga rivularis is a species of saxifrage known by several common names, including highland saxifrage, weak saxifrage, alpine brook saxifrage, and pygmy saxifrage.	Saxifraga rivularis	species
taxon rank	Kozakia baliensis is a species of acetic acid bacteria, with type strain Yo-3T (= NRIC 0488T = JCM 11301T = IFO 16664T = DSM 14400T).	Kozakia baliensis	species
taxon rank	Marginella floccata (Wooly Marginella) is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Marginella floccata	species
taxon rank	Influenza A virus causes influenza in birds and some mammals, and is the only species of influenza virus A. Influenza virus A is a genus of the Orthomyxoviridae family of viruses.	Influenza A virus	species
taxon rank	Thrinaxodontidae is an extinct family of cynodonts that includes the genera Thrinaxodon, Nanictosaurus, Nanocynodon, and Novocynodon, and possibly Bolotridon and Platycraniellus.	Thrinaxodontidae	family
taxon rank	Papilio inopinatus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Romang, Babar, Damar and Tanimbar.	Papilio inopinatus	species
taxon rank	Uranotaenia moultoni is a species of mosquito in the genus Uranotaenia.	Uranotaenia moultoni	species
taxon rank	Chinavia aseada is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Pentatomidae that is endemic to Passo Fundo, Brazil.	Chinavia aseada	species
taxon rank	Bactrocera dorsalis is a species of tephritid fruit fly that is endemic to Southeast Asia, but has also been introduced to Hawaii, the Mariana Islands and Tahiti.	Bactrocera dorsalis	species
taxon rank	Succinea antiqua is an extinct species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Succineidae, the amber snails.	Succinea antiqua	species
taxon rank	Stagmatoptera is a genus consisting of 14 species of mantises in the subfamily Stagmatopterinae.	Stagmatoptera	genus
taxon rank	Cyathea ledermannii is a species of tree fern native to Papua New Guinea and Bougainville Province in the Solomon Islands, where it is common in submontane rain forest at an altitude of 1000-3000 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and grows to about 3 m in height.	Cyathea ledermannii	species
taxon rank	Abelia spathulata is a species of Abelia in the honeysuckle family.	Abelia spathulata	species
taxon rank	Cyrtodactylus yangbayensis, also known as the Yangbay Bent-toed Gecko, is a species of gecko found in Khánh Hòa Province, Vietnam.	Cyrtodactylus yangbayensis	species
taxon rank	Citharacanthus livingstoni is a species of New world tarantula in the Theraphosidae family.	Citharacanthus livingstoni	species
taxon rank	Vertigo heldi is a species of minute, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snail.	Vertigo heldi	species
taxon rank	Its only described species, Diagondas viridiaureus, is found in Brazil.	Diagondas	species
taxon rank	Miomantis abyssinica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea, native to North Africa.	Miomantis abyssinica	species
taxon rank	Thoracosaurus is an extinct genus of gavialoid crocodilian which existed during the Late Cretaceous and early Paleocene.	Thoracosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Spinegesina hiekei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Spinegesina.	Spinegesina hiekei	species
taxon rank	Lupinus croceus is a species of lupine known by the common name saffron-flowered lupine.	Lupinus croceus	species
taxon rank	Conus cancellatus, common name the cancellate cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus cancellatus	species
taxon rank	Xylodromus concinnus is a species of rove beetle in the Omaliinae subfamily, that can be found everywhere in Europe, the Near East, and Australia.	Xylodromus concinnus	species
taxon rank	Idelesaurus is a genus of dicynodont from Late Permian (Wuchiapingian) of Russia.	Idelesaurus	genus
taxon rank	The type species, Yixianosaurus longimanus, was formally named and described by Xu Xing and Wang Xiaolin in 2003.	Yixianosaurus	species
taxon rank	Agaronia propatula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae, the olives.	Agaronia propatula	species
taxon rank	The Southern African wildcat (Felis silvestris cafra) is one of five subspecies of the wildcat, and is native to southern and south-eastern Africa.	Southern African wildcat	subspecies
taxon rank	Crichtonpelta is a genus of extinct herbivorous ankylosaurid dinosaur from the Cretaceous of China.	Crichtonpelta	genus
taxon rank	Euparkeriidae is a family of small basal archosauromorph carnivores which lived from the Early Triassic to the Middle Triassic (Anisian).	Euparkeriidae	family
taxon rank	Spatuloricaria is a genus of armored catfishes native to Central and South America.	Spatuloricaria	genus
taxon rank	Zographus oculator, the Orange-eyed Long-horn Beetle, is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae.	Zographus oculator	species
taxon rank	Cryptococcus aquaticus is a species of Cryptococcus that is found in extreme climates, and has an optimal growth temperature of 9°C, but it can grow at temperatures as low as 2°C. When plated on agar it produces smooth, butyrous colonies with a cream coloration.	Cryptococcus aquaticus	species
taxon rank	Trichomycterus longibarbatus is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil, where it is only known from a very small area in Espírito Santo near Santa Teresa.	Trichomycterus longibarbatus	species
taxon rank	Nebria genei is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the island of Sardinia.	Nebria genei	species
taxon rank	Magnolia blumei is a species of magnolia that is endemic to Indonesia.	Magnolia blumei	species
taxon rank	Paratrachysomus huedepohli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paratrachysomus.	Paratrachysomus huedepohli	species
taxon rank	Marginella liparozona is a species of colorful small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the Marginellidae family.	Marginella liparozona	species
taxon rank	Pseudamiops is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the Pacific and Indian oceans.	Pseudamiops	genus
taxon rank	Arcovomer passarellii (common name: Passarelli's frog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Arcovomer passarellii	species
taxon rank	Pervushovisaurus is a genus of platypterygiine ichthyosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Cenomanian, 94-100 Ma) of the Saratov region in western Russia.	Pervushovisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Sphenomorphus striatopunctatum is a species of skink endemic to Sri Lanka.	Sphenomorphus striatopunctatum	species
taxon rank	Carijoa riisei, the snowflake coral or branched pipe coral, is a species of soft coral in the family Clavulariidae.	Carijoa riisei	species
taxon rank	Larix gmelinii, known as Dahurian larch, is a species of larch native to eastern Siberia and adjacent northeastern Mongolia, northeastern China (Heilongjiang) and North Korea.	Larix gmelinii	species
taxon rank	Palaeorhynchus (meaning ``old snout'') is a genus of prehistoric fish from Central and Southeastern Europe that was described by Wagner in 1860.	Palaeorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Coelophysis kayentakatae is an extinct species of coelophysid dinosaur that lived approximately 196 million years ago during the early part of the Jurassic Period in what is now the southwestern United States.	Coelophysis kayentakatae	species
taxon rank	Parvancorina is a genus of shield-shaped bilaterally symmetrical fossil animal that lived in the late Ediacaran seafloor.	Parvancorina	genus
taxon rank	Chalcolepidius limbatus is a species of beetles in the family Elateridae.	Chalcolepidius limbatus	species
taxon rank	Hoppea dichotoma is a plant species in the genus Hoppea.	Hoppea dichotoma	species
taxon rank	Nuphar polysepala (the great yellow pond-lily or wokas; syn. Nuphar polysepalum orth. err., Nuphar lutea subsp. polysepala (Engelm.) E.O.Beal) is a species of Nuphar native to western North America.	Nuphar polysepala	species
taxon rank	The sole species is Tripladenia cunninghamii which is native to New South Wales and Queensland in Australia.	Tripladenia	species
taxon rank	Dryopteris erythrosora (autumn fern, Japanese wood fern, copper shield fern) is a species of fern in the family Dryopteridaceae, native to east Asia from China and Japan south to the Philippines, growing in light woodland shade on low mountains or hills.	Dryopteris erythrosora	species
taxon rank	Doris odhneri is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dorididae.	Doris odhneri	species
taxon rank	Procambarus bouvieri is a species of crayfish in the genus Procambarus, living in Central America.	Procambarus bouvieri	species
taxon rank	Hedera cypria, is a species of Ivy (genus Hedera) which is endemic to the island of Cyprus.	Hedera cypria	species
taxon rank	The Master's Cymbidium (Cymbidium mastersii) is a species of orchid.	Cymbidium mastersii	species
taxon rank	Juniperus foetidissima, with common names foetid juniper or stinking juniper, is a juniper tree species in the Cupressaceae family.	Juniperus foetidissima	species
taxon rank	Pantophthalmus is a genus of large, robust flies whose larvae feed in tree roots.	Pantophthalmus	genus
taxon rank	Combretum imberbe (Leadwood, Afrikaans: Hardekool, Sotho: Mohwelere-tšhipi, Tsonga: Motswiri, Zulu: iMpondondlovu) is a characteristic and often impressive bushwillow species of the southern Afrotropics.	Combretum imberbe	species
taxon rank	Antipathes is a genus of coral in the order Antipatharia, composed of black coral so named for its black skeleton.	Antipathes	genus
taxon rank	The Antalya bleak (Alburnus baliki) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus.	Alburnus baliki	species
taxon rank	The Aristobia approximator is a species of beetle in the Longhorn family.	Aristobia approximator	species
taxon rank	Haliotis iris, common name paua, blackfoot paua or rainbow abalone, is a species of edible sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis iris	species
taxon rank	The Highland Splitfin (Hubbsina turneri) is a species of splitfin endemic to Mexico where it is found in the Lerma River basin.	Hubbsina turneri	species
taxon rank	Aconitum fischeri is a blue colored flowering plant species of the genus Aconitum in the family Ranunculaceae.	Aconitum fischeri	species
taxon rank	Cranoglanis is the only genus of armorhead catfishes.	Cranoglanis	genus
taxon rank	Liriope spicata is a species of low, herbaceous flowering plants from East Asia.	Liriope spicata	species
taxon rank	Carmentina is a genus of sedge moths.	Carmentina	genus
taxon rank	Caladium lindenii is a species of flowering plant in the Araceae family, named after Belgian botanist Jean Jules Linden.	Caladium lindenii	species
taxon rank	Acrantophis dumerili, commonly known as Dumeril's boa and the Madagascar ground boa, is a non-venomous boa species found on Madagascar and Reunion Island.	Acrantophis dumerili	species
taxon rank	Abelater Schimmel is a genus of beetles.	Abelater	genus
taxon rank	Phoenicobius aratus is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae.	Phoenicobius aratus	species
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia cuspidata is a species of grass known by the common name plains muhly.	Muhlenbergia cuspidata	species
taxon rank	Rosa bridgesii is a species of rose known by the common names pygmy rose and Sierran dwarf rose.	Rosa bridgesii	species
taxon rank	Cheroscorpaena tridactyla, the Humpback waspfish, is a species of wasp scorpionfish found only in the Gulf of Papua where it is an inhabitant of coral reefs.	Cheroscorpaena tridactyla	species
taxon rank	Euprotomus bulla, common name : the Bubble Conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Euprotomus bulla	species
taxon rank	Micropterix elegans is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Stainton in 1867, and is endemic to Israel.	Micropterix elegans	species
taxon rank	Pseudomonacanthus is a genus in the filefishes native to the Indian and western Pacific Oceans.	Pseudomonacanthus	genus
taxon rank	No Clear Lake splittails have been captured since the early 1970s, and the species is presumed to be extinct.	Clear Lake splittail	species
taxon rank	Stenogobius hawaiiensis is a species of goby endemic to the Hawaiian Islands where it can be found in marine, brackish and fresh waters.	Stenogobius hawaiiensis	species
taxon rank	The Tipton kangaroo rat (Dipodomys nitratoides nitratoides), is a subspecies of the San Joaquin kangaroo rat, a rodent in the family Heteromyidae.	Tipton kangaroo rat	subspecies
taxon rank	The Nassariidae, Nassa mud snails (USA), or dog whelks (UK), are a taxonomic family of small to medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neogastropoda.	Nassariidae	family
taxon rank	Scadoxus is a genus of African and Arabian plants in the Amaryllis family, subfamily Amaryllidoideae.	Scadoxus	genus
taxon rank	Haliplus leechi is a species of Haliplus discovered by Wallis in 1933.	Haliplus leechi	species
taxon rank	Bryomorphe is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Bryomorphe aretioides.	Bryomorphe	genus
taxon rank	Phenacodus is an extinct genus of mammals from the late Paleocene through middle Eocene, about 55 million years ago.	Phenacodus	genus
taxon rank	Maxillaria triloris, the Three-straped Maxillaria, is a species of orchid ranging from northwestern Venezuela to Ecuador.	Maxillaria triloris	species
taxon rank	Leptosia, commonly called wood whites, is a genus of pierid butterflies from the orangetip tribe (Anthocharini) .	Leptosia	genus
taxon rank	Picozoa are a phylum of marine unicellular heterotrophic eukaryotes with a size of less than about 3 µm.	Picozoa	phylum
taxon rank	The species Lloviu cuevavirus (/ˈjɔːvjuːˌkwɛvəˈvaɪrəs/ YAW-vew KWE-və-VY-rəs) is the taxonomic home of a virus that forms filamentous virion, Lloviu virus (LLOV).	Lloviu cuevavirus	species
taxon rank	It is known by a single species, Aegirocassis benmoulai.	Aegirocassis	species
taxon rank	Timia komarowii is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.	Timia komarowii	species
taxon rank	Antipathes dichotoma is a species of colonial coral in the order Antipatharia, the black corals, so named because their calcareous skeletons are black.	Antipathes dichotoma	species
taxon rank	Atrichotoxon usambarense is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae.	Atrichotoxon usambarense	species
taxon rank	Nānū or Remy's gardenia (Gardenia remyi) is a species of flowering tree in the madder family, Rubiaceae, that is endemic to Hawaiʻi.	Gardenia remyi	species
taxon rank	Protographium leucaspis is a species of butterfly found in the Neotropical ecozone	Protographium leucaspis	species
taxon rank	Brasiliorchis is a genus of orchid (family Orchidaceae).	Brasiliorchis	genus
taxon rank	Lisboasaurus is a small (400 mm length) genus of Mesozoic crocodylomorph that lived in fresh water.	Lisboasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Ponthieva (commonly called shadow witch) is a genus form the orchid family (Orchidaceae).	Ponthieva	genus
taxon rank	Encephalartos hildebrandtii is a species of cycad that is native to Kenya and Tanzania at elevations of 0 to 600 meters.	Encephalartos hildebrandtii	species
taxon rank	The insects were described as a new species and genus Megaphragma mymaripenne, in 1924 by Philip Hunter Timberlake.	Megaphragma mymaripenne	species
taxon rank	Gyrinus aeneiceps is a species of beetle from the Gyrinidae family.	Gyrinus aeneiceps	species
taxon rank	Calvatia arctica is a species of puffball mushroom in the Agaricaceae family.	Calvatia arctica	species
taxon rank	Sinovenator (meaning ``Chinese hunter'') is a genus of troodontid dinosaur from China.	Sinovenator	genus
taxon rank	Leonurus sibiricus, commonly called honeyweed or Siberian motherwort, is an herbaceous plant species native to China, Mongolia, and Siberia.	Leonurus sibiricus	species
taxon rank	Parasqualidus maii is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Vietnam.	Parasqualidus maii	species
taxon rank	Dancea rodriguezensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Dancea rodriguezensis	species
taxon rank	Aspidura copei, commonly known as Cope's rough-sided snake or කලු මැඩිල්ලා (kalu medilla) in Sinhalese, is a colubrid species endemic to Sri Lanka.	Aspidura copei	species
taxon rank	Mycena atkinsoniana is a species of agaric fungus in the Mycenaceae family.	Mycena atkinsoniana	species
taxon rank	Leistus spinibarbis is a species of ground beetle native to Europe, the Near East and North Africa.	Leistus spinibarbis	species
taxon rank	Arthromeris mairei is a fern species in the genus Arthromeris.	Arthromeris mairei	species
taxon rank	Twistwings are two species of Tyrant flycatchers from the genus Cnipodectes.	Twistwing	genus
taxon rank	Edestidae is a poorly known, extinct family of shark-like eugeneodontid holocephalid cartilaginous fish.	Edestidae	family
taxon rank	†Partula eremita was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula eremita	species
taxon rank	Taphropeltus contractus is a species in the family Lygaeidae.	Taphropeltus contractus	species
taxon rank	Cupressus funebris (Chinese Weeping Cypress) is a species of cypress native to southwestern and central China.	Cupressus funebris	species
taxon rank	Epuraea guttata is a species of sap beetle of the subfamily Carpophilinae.	Epuraea guttata	species
taxon rank	Vallaris is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1768.	Vallaris	genus
taxon rank	Hemolivia (also spelled Haemolivia) is a genus of the phylum Apicomplexia.	Hemolivia	genus
taxon rank	Xerini is a tribe of ground squirrels occurring in Africa and Asia.	Xerini	tribe
taxon rank	Priocnemis susterai is a large species of Pepsid spider wasp and is, with Priocnemis perturbator and Priocnemis coriacea, one of three similar species of the subgenus Umbripennis found in Great Britain which are characterised by having plentiful erect hair on the face and propodum.	Priocnemis susterai	species
taxon rank	Leptoglossus is a genus of true bugs in the leaf-footed bug family.	Leptoglossus	genus
taxon rank	Acanthemblemaria is a genus of Chaenopsid blennies native to the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.	Acanthemblemaria	genus
taxon rank	Campinasuchus is the fifth baurusuchid species from the Adamantina Formation to date.	Campinasuchus	species
taxon rank	The African barred owlet (Glaucidium capense) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	African barred owlet	species
taxon rank	Stipa tenacissima is an endemic species of the Western Mediterranean countries.	Stipa tenacissima	species
taxon rank	Oarces reticulatus is a spider species in the family Mimetidae.	Oarces reticulatus	species
taxon rank	The Córdoba vesper mouse (Calomys venustus) is a South American rodent species of the family Cricetidae.	Córdoba vesper mouse	species
taxon rank	Conoclinium betonicifolium, the betony-leaf mistflower or betonyleaf thoroughwort, is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Conoclinium betonicifolium	species
taxon rank	Engaeus is a genus of freshwater crayfish found in Australia.	Engaeus	genus
taxon rank	Eoborus sanctijosephi is a fossil species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strophocheilidae, from the Paleocene Itaboraí Basin, Brazil.	Eoborus sanctijosephi	species
taxon rank	Cigaritis lohita, common name Long-banded Silverline, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly	Cigaritis lohita	species
taxon rank	Armillaria socialis is a species of fungus in the Physalacriaceae family.	Armillaria socialis	species
taxon rank	Elzunia humboldt is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family, subfamily Danainae, tribus Ithomiini.	Elzunia humboldt	species
taxon rank	Chrysosyrphus is a genus of dark-coloured arctic hoverflies.	Chrysosyrphus	genus
taxon rank	Protosuchidae was a family of crocodylmorph reptiles from the Late Triassic, Jurassic, and Cretaceous time periods.	Protosuchidae	family
taxon rank	Oreolalax nanjiangensis (Nanjiang toothed toad) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Oreolalax nanjiangensis	species
taxon rank	Sphaeromimus (Latin: small ball animal), or the chirping giant pill millipedes, is a genus of giant pill millipedes (order Sphaerotheriida) endemic to southeastern Madagascar.	Sphaeromimus	genus
taxon rank	Lithospermum latifolium is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common names American gromwell and American stoneseed.	Lithospermum latifolium	species
taxon rank	Emperoptera mirabilis was a species of fly in family Dolichopodidae.	Emperoptera mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Protosiren eothene is a species of Lutetian sirenian, found in the upper part of the Habib Rahi Formation, Pakistan.	Protosiren eothene	species
taxon rank	Impatiens parviflora (Small Balsam or Small-flowered Touch-me-not) is a species of annual herbaceous plants in the family Balsaminaceae, native to some areas of Eurasia, naturalized elsewhere and found in damp shady places.	Impatiens parviflora	species
taxon rank	Rhizostomae or Rhizostomeae is an order of jellyfish.	Rhizostomae	order
taxon rank	Maritrema subdolum is a species of parasitic fluke found in the Wadden Sea.	Maritrema subdolum	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum henryanum is a species of orchid ranging from southeastern Yunnan and Guangxi to northern Vietnam.	Paphiopedilum henryanum	species
taxon rank	Blaniulus lorifer is a species of millipede in the Blaniulidae family that can be found in France and Spain.	Blaniulus lorifer	species
taxon rank	Chelycypraea testudinaria, common name the tortoise cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Chelycypraea testudinaria	species
taxon rank	Equisetopsida, or Sphenopsida, is a class of vascular plants with a fossil record going back to the Devonian.	Equisetopsida	class
taxon rank	Aristolochia boosii is a species of woody vine in the Aristolochiaceae plant family which is endemic to Trinidad and Tobago.	Aristolochia boosii	species
taxon rank	Polypogon tentacularia is a species of litter moth of the family Erebidae.	Polypogon tentacularia	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Phialoascus borealis.	Phialoascus	species
taxon rank	Wannaganosuchus (meaning ``Wannagan crocodile'', in reference to the Wannagan Creek site where it was discovered) is an extinct genus of small alligatorid crocodylian.	Wannaganosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Iris giganticaerulea (or 'Giant blue iris') is a species of iris, it is also in the subgenus of Limniris and in the Series Hexagonae.	Iris giganticaerulea	species
taxon rank	Aletes humilis is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Colorado aletes and Larimer aletes.	Aletes humilis	species
taxon rank	Burkartia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Burkartia lanigera.	Burkartia	genus
taxon rank	Gomphus vulgatissimus, the common clubtail, is a medium-sized species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Gomphus vulgatissimus	species
taxon rank	Mobilabium is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Mobilabium	genus
taxon rank	Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum is a species of succulent plant in the ice plant family known by the common name slenderleaf iceplant.	Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum	species
taxon rank	Agenioideus nigricornis is a species of spider wasp from the subfamily Pompilinae, found in Australia.	Agenioideus nigricornis	species
taxon rank	Punctum pygmaeum is a species of very small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Punctidae, the dot snails.	Punctum pygmaeum	species
taxon rank	Leucos ylikiensis is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Leucos ylikiensis	species
taxon rank	Caraphractus cinctus is a species of fairyfly.	Caraphractus cinctus	species
taxon rank	Liocheles karschii is a species of scorpions belonging to the family Hemiscorpiidae.	Liocheles karschii	species
taxon rank	Eugenia discors is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family endemic to Peru.	Eugenia discors	species
taxon rank	Deroplatys lobata, common name Malaysian dead leaf mantis or dead leaf mantis, is a species of praying mantis that inhabits Thailand, Java, Borneo, Indonesia, Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula.	Deroplatys lobata	species
taxon rank	The order Microconchida is a group of small, spirally-coiled, encrusting fossil ``worm'' tubes found from the Upper Ordovician to the Middle Jurassic (Bathonian) around the world.	Microconchida	order
taxon rank	Lilium distichum is an Asian species herbaceous plant of the lily family which is native to northeastern China (Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning), Korea, and eastern Russia (Primorye, Amur Krai, Khabarovsk).	Lilium distichum	species
taxon rank	Crataegus brainerdii is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Brainerd's hawthorn.	Crataegus brainerdii	species
taxon rank	Neosalanx is a genus of icefishes native to Asia.	Neosalanx	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron tenuis is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Slender-leaf fleabane.	Erigeron tenuis	species
taxon rank	Lophiotoma acuta, commonly known as the marbled turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae, the turrids.	Lophiotoma acuta	species
taxon rank	Rita kuturnee is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to India where it occurs in the rivers of the Deccan Plateau up to the Krishna River system.	Rita kuturnee	species
taxon rank	Ptilobactrum is a genus of hoverflies, with two known species.	Ptilobactrum	genus
taxon rank	Parabarrandia is a genus of trilobite of the Asaphida order.	Parabarrandia	genus
taxon rank	Eriogonum jamesii is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name James' buckwheat and Antelope sage.	Eriogonum jamesii	species
taxon rank	Schistura fasciolata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura found fast-flowing streams in China and Vietnam.	Schistura fasciolata	species
taxon rank	Gastrocopta armifera, common name the armed snaggletooth, is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae.	Gastrocopta armifera	species
taxon rank	Crematogastrini is a tribe of myrmicine ants with 64 genera and 8 fossil genera.	Crematogastrini	tribe
taxon rank	Tonna dunkeri is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae, the tun shells.	Tonna dunkeri	species
taxon rank	Agrobacterium albertimagni is a species of arsenite-oxidizing bacterium.	Agrobacterium albertimagni	species
taxon rank	Miridius longiceps, is a species of bug from the Miridae family which can be found in France, Portugal and Spain.	Miridius longiceps	species
taxon rank	Finsch's imperial pigeon (Ducula finschii) is a bird species in the family Columbidae.	Finsch's imperial pigeon	species
taxon rank	Pseudhomelix ornata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudhomelix.	Pseudhomelix ornata	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, Dichotomosiphon is a genus of green algae in the family Dichotomosiphonaceae.	Dichotomosiphon	genus
taxon rank	The Actinomycetales are an order of Actinobacteria.	Actinomycetales	order
taxon rank	Sedum obtusatum is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common name Sierra stonecrop.	Sedum obtusatum	species
taxon rank	Carex micropoda is a species of sedge found in temperate and boreal regions of the Northern Hemisphere.	Carex micropoda	species
taxon rank	Psathyrostachys juncea is a species of grass known by the common name Russian wildrye.	Psathyrostachys juncea	species
taxon rank	Iris tenuis (also known as Clackamas iris) is a species in the genus Iris, it is also in the subgenus of Limniris.	Iris tenuis	species
taxon rank	Clarkia franciscana is a rare species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name Presidio clarkia.	Clarkia franciscana	species
taxon rank	Cylindrospermum is a genus of filamentous cyanobacteria found in terrestrial and aquatic environments.	Cylindrospermum	genus
taxon rank	Lissodus is an extinct genus of freshwater shark.	Lissodus	genus
taxon rank	Phenacovolva recurva is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ovulidae.	Phenacovolva recurva	species
taxon rank	Pickworthiidae is a family of small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Pickworthiidae	family
taxon rank	The Lesser Treefrog (Dendropsophus minutus) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Dendropsophus minutus	species
taxon rank	Blikanasaurus (meaning ``Blikana lizard'') was a genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur found in Lower Elliot Formation rocks from the Late Triassic near the Blikana location in what is now South Africa's Eastern Cape Province.	Blikanasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Donacia microcephala is a species of leaf beetle, that is distributed throughout Iran, Iraq, and Turkey.	Donacia microcephala	species
taxon rank	Dimya maoria is a species of clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Dimyidae.	Dimya maoria	species
taxon rank	Ophioglossum vulgatum, commonly known as adder's-tongue, southern adders-tongue or adders-tongue fern, is a species of the plant genus Ophioglossum.	Ophioglossum vulgatum	species
taxon rank	Nomada succincta is a species of bee in the genus Nomada.	Nomada succincta	species
taxon rank	Melanophidium wynaudense, commonly known as the Indian black earth snake, is a species of snake endemic to India.	Melanophidium wynaudense	species
taxon rank	Longitarsus holsaticus is a species of black coloured beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that is native to Europe.	Longitarsus holsaticus	species
taxon rank	Parisopsalis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Parisolabiinae.	Parisopsalis	genus
taxon rank	Stylidium preissii, the lizard triggerplant, is a species that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae).	Stylidium preissii	species
taxon rank	Jozaria is an extinct genus of stem perissodactyl from the Early to Middle Eocene of the Kuldana Formation of Kohat, Pakistan.	Jozaria	genus
taxon rank	Minous is a genus of stonefishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Minous	genus
taxon rank	Ecsenius bimaculatus, known commonly as the Twinspot coralblenny, is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae.	Ecsenius bimaculatus	species
taxon rank	Pocillopora inflata is a species of stony coral in the family Pocilloporidae.	Pocillopora inflata	species
taxon rank	Erysiphe pisi is a plant pathogen that causes powdery mildew on several plant species.	Erysiphe pisi	species
taxon rank	Silene hookeri is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Hooker's silene, Hooker's catchfly, Hooker's Indian pink, and Hooker's glandular campion.	Silene hookeri	species
taxon rank	Pseudocorus usambaricus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudocorus.	Pseudocorus usambaricus	species
taxon rank	Magnolia officinalis (commonly called houpu magnolia or magnolia-bark) is a species of Magnolia native to the mountains and valleys of China at altitudes of 300--1500 m.	Magnolia officinalis	species
taxon rank	Areca catechu is a species of palm which grows in much of the tropical Pacific, Asia, and parts of east Africa.	Areca catechu	species
taxon rank	The Wall's grappletail, (Heliogomphus walli) is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Heliogomphus walli	species
taxon rank	Dalpiazia is a prehistoric genus of saw fish whose fossils are found in rocks dating from the Maastrichtian stage in Morocco.	Dalpiazia	genus
taxon rank	Solenostemma is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1825.	Solenostemma	species
taxon rank	Apomecyna varia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Apomecyna.	Apomecyna varia	species
taxon rank	Protowenella is a genus of helcionellid from the Middle Cambrian of Australia.	Protowenella	genus
taxon rank	Brachypterois is a genus of scorpionfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Brachypterois	genus
taxon rank	Lythronax is an extinct genus of tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaur that lived around 80.6 to 79.9 million years ago in what is now southern Utah, USA.	Lythronax	genus
taxon rank	Euronychodon (``European claw tooth'') is the name given to a genus of coelurosaur dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Europe and Asia.	Euronychodon	genus
taxon rank	Gymnanthera oblonga is a species of vine in the family Apocynaceae (previously Asclepiadaceae) from northern Australia, southeast Asia (Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam), New Guinea, and southern China (Guangdong, Hainan).	Gymnanthera oblonga	species
taxon rank	Ponapella pihapiha is a species of minute snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Assimineidae.	Ponapella pihapiha	species
taxon rank	Phytocoris longipennis is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae and subfamily Mirinae.	Phytocoris longipennis	species
taxon rank	Preptotheria is a superorder of placental mammals proposed by McKenna & Bell in their classification of mammals.	Preptotheria	superorder
taxon rank	Abraximorpha is a small Asian genus of skippers.	Abraximorpha	genus
taxon rank	Nectamia is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western and central Pacific Ocean.	Nectamia	genus
taxon rank	Geranium dissectum or Cut-leaved Crane's-bill is a plant species of the genus Geranium.	Geranium dissectum	species
taxon rank	Microlophus theresiae, the Theresia's Pacific iguana, is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Peru.	Microlophus theresiae	species
taxon rank	Salicornia bigelovii is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names dwarf saltwort and dwarf glasswort.	Salicornia bigelovii	species
taxon rank	Cetomimoides parri is a species of flabby whalefish found in the Pacific Ocean in the vicinity of the Philippines.	Cetomimoides parri	species
taxon rank	The Brown numbfish (Narcine brunnea), also known as brown electric ray, is a species of numbfish in the family Narcinidae.	Narcine brunnea	species
taxon rank	Tillandsia tenuifolia, the narrowleaf airplant, is a species in the genus Tillandsia.	Tillandsia tenuifolia	species
taxon rank	Rhizotrogus aestivus is a species of brown coloured beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Austria, France and Spain.	Rhizotrogus aestivus	species
taxon rank	Sylviidae is a family of passerine birds that was part of an assemblage known as the Old World warblers.	Sylviidae	family
taxon rank	Gibbula magus, common name the great top shell, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Gibbula magus	species
taxon rank	It is not clear if Hemaris molli is a valid species.	Hemaris molli	species
taxon rank	Neocoristis entomophaga is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Neocoristis.	Neocoristis entomophaga	species
taxon rank	Dicerocardium is an extinct genus of fossil saltwater clams, marine heterodont bivalve molluscs in the order Veneroida, the venus clams and their allies.	Dicerocardium	genus
taxon rank	Cnemaspis girii is a species of gecko in the genus Cnemaspis described in 2014.	Cnemaspis girii	species
taxon rank	Passiflora aurantia (Orange-petaled passion flower), is a species in the Passifloraceae family which produces inedible fruit.	Passiflora aurantia	species
taxon rank	The Fewflower Milkweed, Asclepias lanceolata, is a species of milkweed that is native to the coastal plain of the United States from New Jersey to Florida and Southeast Texas.	Asclepias lanceolata	species
taxon rank	Bradycidus veneris is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Bradycidus.	Bradycidus	species
taxon rank	Holcus mollis, known as creeping soft grass or creeping velvet grass, is a species of grass, native to Europe and western Asia.	Holcus mollis	species
taxon rank	The Condylopygidae are a family of very small trilobites, that lived during the Middle Cambrian, and has been found in Canada (Newfoundland and Nova Scotia), the Czech Republic, Germany, France, Spain, England, Wales, Sweden, and the Russian Federation (Siberia).	Condylopygidae	family
taxon rank	Packera breweri is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Brewer's ragwort.	Packera breweri	species
taxon rank	Eubrachyura is a group of crustaceans (ranked as a ``section'') comprising the more advanced crabs.	Eubrachyura	section
taxon rank	Hyraxes (from the Greek ὕραξ, hurax, ``shrewmouse''), also called dassies, are small, thickset, herbivorous mammals in the order Hyracoidea.	Hyrax	order
taxon rank	Evernia prunastri, also known as oakmoss, is a species of lichen.	Evernia prunastri	species
taxon rank	Thelcticopis severa is a species of huntsman spider found in China, Laos, Korea, and Japan.	Thelcticopis severa	species
taxon rank	Scalideutis is a genus of moths in the Cosmopterigidae family.	Scalideutis	genus
taxon rank	Cryptantha virginensis is a species of wildflower in the borage family known by the common name Virgin River cryptantha.	Cryptantha virginensis	species
taxon rank	Doronicum grandiflorum is a European species of Doronicum, a member of the aster family.	Doronicum grandiflorum	species
taxon rank	Coenonympha is a butterfly genus.	Coenonympha	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus filipes is a species of milkvetch known by the common name basalt milkvetch.	Astragalus filipes	species
taxon rank	Parakneria cameronensis is a benthopelagic species of tropical fish.	Parakneria cameronensis	species
taxon rank	Protopteraspis is an extinct genus of agnathan with fossils known from Lower Devonian marine strata in Western Europe.	Protopteraspis	genus
taxon rank	Harttia trombetensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found above the Cachoeira Porteira Falls in the Trombetas River basin.	Harttia trombetensis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium minioluteum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces dextranase, miniolin A, miniolin B and miniolin C.	Penicillium minioluteum	species
taxon rank	Batrachylodes is a genus of frogs.	Batrachylodes	genus
taxon rank	Mordella marginata is a species of Mordellidae that occurs in North America.	Mordella marginata	species
taxon rank	Myurella undulata, common name the undulate auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Myurella undulata	species
taxon rank	Weinmannia portlandiana is a species of plant in the Cunoniaceae family.	Weinmannia portlandiana	species
taxon rank	Grewia rothii is a species of flowering plant in India and Sri Lanka.	Grewia rothii	species
taxon rank	Awaous is a genus of gobies native to fresh, marine and brackish waters from Africa to the Americas.	Awaous	genus
taxon rank	Longitarsus andalusicus is a species of beetle from the Chrysomelidae family that is endemic to Andalusia, Spain, from which its name comes from.	Longitarsus andalusicus	species
taxon rank	Ormudzia cameratella is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Ormudzia.	Ormudzia cameratella	species
taxon rank	Copiapoa echinoides is a species of cactus in South America.	Copiapoa echinoides	species
taxon rank	Conidiotheca is a monotypic genus of fungi.	Conidiotheca	genus
taxon rank	Shorea pauciflora (also called Dark Red Meranti or Red Lauan) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea pauciflora	species
taxon rank	Heuchera maxima is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family, known by the common names island alum root, Channel Islands coral bells, and Jill of the rocks.	Heuchera maxima	species
taxon rank	Ancyronyx, commonly known as spider water beetles or spider riffle beetles, is a genus of aquatic riffle beetles from North America, South Asia, China, and Southeast Asia.	Ancyronyx	genus
taxon rank	Hickelia is a genus of African bamboo in the grass family.	Hickelia	genus
taxon rank	Proguithera is a genus of thread-legged bug in the Emesinae.	Proguithera	genus
taxon rank	Pseudostomatella erythrocoma is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Pseudostomatella erythrocoma	species
taxon rank	Nepenthes tenax (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈtɛnæks/; from Latin: tenax ``tenacious'') is a lowland species of tropical pitcher plant native to northern Queensland, Australia.	Nepenthes tenax	species
taxon rank	Oncometopia is a genus of sharpshooters found in North and South America.	Oncometopia	genus
taxon rank	Mallotus oppositifolius is a plant species in the genus Mallotus found in Africa and Madagascar.	Mallotus oppositifolius	species
taxon rank	Atriplex gardneri is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name Gardner's saltbush.	Atriplex gardneri	species
taxon rank	Indotriplophysa is a genus of stone loaches native to southern and eastern Asia.	Indotriplophysa	genus
taxon rank	Rhynchodoras woodsi is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Ecuador where it is found in the Bobonaza River (a tributary of the Pastaza River) of the upper Amazon River drainage.	Rhynchodoras woodsi	species
taxon rank	Planaxidae, common name planaxids or clusterwinks, are a taxonomic family of small and minute sea snails, pantropical marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cerithoidea.	Planaxidae	family
taxon rank	Nyassachromis breviceps is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only found in the southern part of the lake.	Nyassachromis breviceps	species
taxon rank	In 1923, the material was redescribed by Friedrich von Huene (1875--1969), who argued that it could not be included within the genus Megalosaurus and created for the Pierson theropod a separate genus, naming the species Erectopus superbus.	Erectopus	genus
taxon rank	Commophila aeneana, the orange conch, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Commophila aeneana	species
taxon rank	Kelmayisaurus is an extinct genus of carcharodontosaurid theropod dinosaur from the early Cretaceous.	Kelmayisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Megalorhipida dubiosa is a species of moth in the genus Megalorhipida, known from Brazil.	Megalorhipida dubiosa	species
taxon rank	Orcinus citoniensis is an extinct species of dolphin belonging to the family Delphinidae that lived from 2 to 5 million years ago in the Pliocene.	Orcinus citoniensis	species
taxon rank	Alycaeus balingensis is a species of land snail with a gill and an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the Cyclophoridae family.	Alycaeus balingensis	species
taxon rank	Pierolapithecus catalaunicus is an extinct species of primate which lived about 13 million years ago during the Miocene in what is now Hostalets de Pierola, Catalonia, giving the name to the species.	Pierolapithecus	species
taxon rank	Lobatus peruvianus, commonly known as the Peruvian conch or the cock's comb conch, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs and their allies.	Lobatus peruvianus	species
